no_text' — y ASTER brings the minister' his .
f busiest days whatever denomina-
JT tlon he may belong to. /At this
W time he looks for the spr«nging
of the' seed he has been' sowing
Curing the winter months. And Words
By Rev. W. K. Guihne.
A PROPHECY FOR
THE FUTURE.
As Redeemer and as Judge he shall
( come on that last day, glorious as when
'on the first Easter Sunday the Roman
soldiers swooned and became as d«cid men
before the effulgence of His majesty. Ho
comes as Redeemer of thot»s who have
modeled th».ir lives on his, «-j Judge of
those who ha«*e despised his commands
and neglected his warnings. There is a
resurrection to gl«:y and a resurrection
to ignominy. Here now In our lives we
weave the vesture with which we shall
then be clothed. Our fate Is in our own
hands. Christ is our model. He is rich
in grace and power, so that what we can
not of ourselves accomplish, we can se
cure with his help. Happy for us if this
Easter Sunday we take that highest help
he gives or can give, to wit, himself—
that mystic food in whose strength, like
Elias of old, we may reach the mountain
or God— the commu.-.ion of his body and
blood by which we are made verily bone
of his bone and flesh of his flesh — for
that •-*: f-tery is the seed of Immortality
and the pledge of the Resurrect.on which
is the final criumph over sin and death,
the resurrection unto glory that knows
no cnJ.
Christ's resurrection is the model of our
resurrection." Even as he rose from the
dead so shall we. On the last day the
vls+on of Ezekiel shall be fulfilled and
the spirit shall blow from the four winds
of heaven on the dust of all the children
of Adam, and the sea shall give up her
dead, and we all shall stand clothed in
our proper flesh, and with our eyes we
shall see our Redeemer and our »vdge.
The Resurrection therefore is the great
foundation stone of the Christian faith.
It was Christ's own proof of the divinity
of his mission. They who preached his
gospel, they who sealed their belief with
their blood, called themselves martyrs,
that Is to say, witnesses, for they bear
testimony to the fact that they had seen
him alive after his resurrection, that
they had spoken to him, that they had
eaten at the same table with him, aye,
and that some of them had put their
hands into the place of the nails and into
the wound made by the soldier's spear.
This truth it was that nerved them to
do and dare all things; and well does the
apostle say: "If Christ ' be not risen
again, then are w« the most miserable
of men."
But in. vain are all precautions again n
• God. Christ wae offered because it wa3
his own will. He died because it was his
gracious pleasure- to go hand in har.'l
with us through the gates of the gravo
and to drink the chalice we all muit.
drink— the bitter cup of death. And now,
to manifest his power, and to seal his
mission, in his own good time he rtse3
like a giant refreshed with sleep, and
comes forth from the sepulcher victorious
over hell 'and death, leading captivity
captive.
The Resurrection is no Isolated, fact In
Christ's life. Toward it all his preaching
pointed. It was the complement to his
passion. "The Son of man shall be^.deliv
cred to the gentiles to be put to death,
and on the third day he shall rise again."
When his adversaries asked him for s
eign. a proof, a miracle to bring in the
divine power as a testimony to his mis
sion, he answered them: "A wicked and
an adulterous- generation seeketh a sign,
but no sign shall be given it. save the
sign of Jonas the prophet. For as
Jonas was in the whale's belly three
days 'and three nights, so shall the
Son of man be in the heart of the earth
three days and three nights." This was
to be the supreme test and the supreme
proof. "Destroy this temple and In three
days I will build it" up again." His ene
mies were to work their will upon him.
they were to bring him down with lgno-.
miny to the- grave, and then, when all
seemed lost, when his days were cut off.
when his career was ended, he would
break their bonds asunder, he would rise
in his might, he would cast their yoke
far from him, he would come forth in his
glory and ptand before the world the liv
ing son of the livinc God.
Christ was betrayed, mocked, scourged
and spat upon. He was nailed to the
cross. He died. He was laid in a
stranger's sepulcher. The door thereof
was sealed and the Roman soldiers were
set on guard. His enemies breathed free
ly. The high priest's prophecy was ful
filled. "It was necessary that one man
should die for the people."
takes the place of the old Jewish
festival which commemorated the de
liverance of the chosen people from the
house of bondage. It is the promise of
our deliverance from the bonds of death,
the pledge of our triumph over the all
conquering grave. O grave, where is thy
victory? O "death, where Is thy sting?
* <^y ASTER is the greatest feast known
mJ to the Christian people. It is the
(T yearly celebration of the Resur-
V rection of Christ from the dead. It
By Father Yorke.
The Resurrection
IS THE GREAT
FOUNDATION STONE
OF THE
CHRISTIAN FAITH.
EASTER SUGGESTS
HOPS.
cannot describe the; glad thankfulness of
his heart if he sees one young life and
then another springing forth from the
hard ground of worldiness and striving
upward toward the light of heaven. All
life Is beautiful, but' the most, beautiful
life of all Is the godly life. The ilfe whose
secret source is hidden deep with Christ
In God. . .
This life is ever beautiful, for it is like
the plant which sends its roots deepdown
to the living water,' and th'us is independ-,'
ent of the passing showers of circum
stance.
Presbyterians have never manifested
that active Interest in Christmas and
Easter which is shown in some of the
other churches. And the reason, of thi3
is not far to seek; for. these names con
vey to them " the ,memory of tyranny and
bloodshed— and those things that are writ
ten in blood do not soon fade out!
•When in Edinburgh last year it was
with a pride that humbled and yet made
strong that I was. able to show my wife
the name of one of my ancestors on the
martyrs' monument in Grayfriars church
yard of Edinburgh. He was one of d8,000
Scotchmen who gave up their lives for
the faith In. the testing days m of the
covenant. But, Scotchmen, I am glad to
say, know how' to forget and forgive as
well as ' remember. For centuries the
names Christmas and Easter have been
associated by them with .papacy and epis
copacy, and hence with bitter persecution.
But those days, we believe, are' gone for
ever, and abiding thankfulness for the
birth and resurrection of Jesus Christ,
the Savior, ls.pblitcraf.ihgr the old. Scars—
and thus there is manifested among Pres
byterians a growing desire to' observe
these seasons, for when all church organi
zations, with their failures and mistakes,
have passed away the resurrection of
Christ and of his people will be the theme
of endless jpy. W." K. GUTHR1E,
Minister First Presbyterian Church.
By Rey, J, George Gibson.
look of love; when Judas' betrayed,' ha
. answered trie, betrayer with the epithet
of love— "friend"; when Thomas doubted,
he met his unbelief -with love. Not even
his enemies could quench that unfailing
• spirit.
When they laid, him upon the cross and
drove % the nails ,'through his quivering
hands'he prayed for mercy, not for him
self, but for them. When at length he
entered "the. waiting heaven he left the
story of his unquenchable victorious love
for his disciples to tell the world.
• | That was their equipment and their In
spiration.-" Into, the heart of that Roman
world, where frightful wickedness was
enthroned, came this new symbol of royal
authorit>— a spirit of self-forgetful love
that proposed to' hold the world in check
by the power of a sacrificial life.
Before the might of that Incarnate spirit
It mattered not how* fierce the- temper of.
sin. The very persecutions that .broke
forth against it remain as. the. amazing
demonstration of its commanding power.
At length the empire yielded to this new
and amazing energy which streamed in
upon 'it until the religion of Jesus— simple
.as it seemed," without the aid of army or
navy or senate or treasury; and wanting
in . every 3 equipment of secular \ power
wrought- an unmeasured change. Since
the supreme achievements of those" early
days, art^and literature and science have'
joined Ahe triumphal march . following
ChrUtup the hill of time, and history has
crowned such sacrificial devotion as the
greatest of all the - virtues.
But let us not forget how Christ came
to his throne. Not by his matchless and
altogether unique power, which he never
employed for his own advancement; not
by hjs unparalleled knowledge of the
things of God, but by his matchless gen
tleness, his sympathetic love, hfa obedience
even. unto death. The way to the throne
was the' way of the cross, and he Is kinjr
who^wtns a throne that from Ithe may
bless the world and become a servant unto
maii. RAYMOND C. BROOKS,
Pastor Pilgrim .Congregational Church,
Oakland.
-. ¦ . . . .¦¦ • •.- ¦
THE MEANING THAT
EASTER HAS
COME TO HAVE
AT THE
PRESENT DAY.
By George C. Adams, D.D.
THE observance of Easter has been
a growth. There is no Divine com
mand for it: to the Jew It probably
seems to be a usurper, taking tha
place of the Passover, and .n Latin
races the name for It even. Is bor
rowed from that great feast.' It simply
prew from . the great l<\ve of the early
dlscfplcs for the fact of the resurrection,
and a.i thoughts connected with it. It
grew up in diversity, Christians of Jewish
origin observing one day and those of Gen
tile birth another; then they got to calling
eaqh other hard names and that sort of
Christian warfare that has so often ap
peared in history arose, and for many
years Interfered with the Christ spirit.
The Council of Nlcaea. in A. D. 323. tried
to remedy this and make all Christians
observe the same day. They succeeded as
to the form but not as to the spirit.
Hundreds of years later came the Refor
mation and the separation of Protestant
from Catholic. The feeling was so strong
that especially among Scotch Presby-
terlans anrl English Dissenters nothing
was allowed that in any way reminded
them of Romish worship. It is difficult
now for us to appreciate the terrible ab
horrerce our Puritan ancestors had of
all forms and ceremonies: we are liable
to do them Injustice because we forget
the age In which they lived and the in
fluences under which their worship had
been established. Any kind of separation
A SERMON ON THE
EMPTY TOMB.
By Rev. A. T. Needham.
between those who have been accustomed
to worship together leads to extremes, and
minor uifferences are magnified and made
to stand for that which they never meant
before. So. Protestants would put no
crosses on their churches, allow no forms
or ceremonies In their services, observe
no special days, simply because it would
savor of the worship from which they had
separated themselves. For many years a
large part of the church missed the In
spiration of Christmas and Easter, just
because It would scera to lead back to tha
church they, had left.
We ousht to be thankful that we are
not living in a controversial age. The
world has progressed and to-day Protes
tant and Catholic can meet on common
ground; we believe in the same Savior;
we worship the same Father: tha same
day3 have significance for us. Eacft of
us loves his own church and its traditions
and forms, and expects to stick to It; but
a larger appreciation has appeared than
has ever existed before: we are drawing
nearer to the Master we serve, and as
we do so we draw nearer to one another.
And so the Easter sunshine falls on
churches of all denominations decorated
as beautifully as love and abundant blos-
MATT. 28:6. ¦ "He i3 not here; for
he is risen, as* he said. Come,
see the place where the Lord
lay." ,
Mark and Luke inform us that
the women entered the. tomb, and saw for
themselves that the body which Joseph
of Arlmathea and. Nicodenius had con
veyed to the sepulcher was not there.
They are reproached by the angels for
'their evident unbelief. Indicated in their
expectancy to find the. body, and their
manifest purpose to embalm It. Here In
this vacant tomb they may ask "How are
the dead ralsed?'and with what -body do
they come?" but the how of the resurrec
tion' will- always •be ; unanswered by the
creature man.- All we have to do with
is the fact": a body was laid there inani
mate, that body is not there, was not
removed by human hands, but It does ap
pear again to the disciples, and the unbe
lieving among them are appealed to thus —
"Behold BByfhanttiJ and n|y feet, that it
13 myi'eJf; handle'me, and "see; for a- spirit
hath not flesh find bones, as ye see me
have. And when he" had thus spoken, h«
showed them his hands and his feet."
(Luke 24:39, 40.)" ~
It was not the raising- of a mere ;erm:
for there was no residue of matter left
where the body had lain. It was not a
mere phantom or spirit: for it had bodily
parts that were tangible; and yet that
body came into the room where Christ's
disciples were- assembled, the door being
shut,' and after conversing with them
awhile, as mysteriously disappeared. The
whole thing rs mysterious to the disciples,
and yet palpable fact.' Their senses and
¦ their recsonare cognizant of the actual
facts, but there their limited, powers leave
them Shall they doubt the report of
their "senses, and disregard the conclu
sions of their reason,' and deny the facts
because the how. of their occurrence 13
¦beyond their knowledge? .With such pal
pable evidences of an actual resurrection
it is not Incredible that "all that are in
the graves shall hear the voice" of Him
th^t created them, "and shall come forth;
they that have done good, unto the resur
rection of life; and they that have done
evil, urto the resurrection "of damna
tion." (John 5:2S, 29.)
The mystery of creation is beyond our
ken, and ; why doubt If the 'resurrection
also coi found our feeble powers. Shall
the fact that is seen be denied because
the how of its existence Is Incomprehensi
ble? Let us not 'stultify ourselves by our
denials, or our doubts. &i\
There Is in the National ¦ Museum - a
glass case on which are these words:
"The body of a man weighing 154 pounds."
There is no body in sight,, but there are
jars, bottles and parcels, these containing
fatty substances, liquids, gases and chem
icals .which together comprise the ingre
idlents of 'Which the human body Is com
posed. Mix these together, and still the
mechanical structure of the body will be
lacking; impart the structure; and still
the vital principle will be wanting; : and
the whole". "thing will, be but inanimate
clay. After man has done his utmost' to
create the human bodjf, he will be com
pelled to." confess^ "I am fearfully and
wonderlully ¦ made." .
\ These bodies /of ours which have been
so .'important : a part of, ourselves, that
have beeji with us in every vicissitude of
life,; have' come' to have a peculiar rela
jtion to.every experience of the soul, and
.are not to be cast aside with as little feel
ing as when we throw off a'wornout gar
•inent. I know' not what .In .these bodies
may be adapted to the conditions in the
world beyond; but.it is joy to me to
know that that which in -.the grave "is
sown In corruption, it . shall be raised In
Incorruption.".- It— the thing buried— shall
not wholly pass" a way;; it shall rise again.
The' old home rehabilitated will not bo
without Its sources of 'pleasure and con
solationand'delightful association.
Whatever it may be to others, it Is a
delight to me to contemplate the empty
grave, as dispossessed of its tenant, and
companion forever. ."For when he shall
never know pain nor decay, is to be my
companion forever/ "For when He shall
appear we shall be like him," whose re
surrection is the earnest of ours.:
ARNOLD T. NEEDHAM,
Pastor Eighth Avenue M. E. ' Church,
East Oakland. •
¦ . • '
soms can combine to express the thought
of resurrection, and throngs of worship
ers arrayed in their best crowd all these.,
churches and hymns of praise and prayer* jf
cf thanksgivinc ascend to God from all* '
alike. Let the sermons preached in all
these churches be printed in one book and
ask oome person who doe3 not know any
of the preachers to select the different
! denominations, and he will find it a dif
ficult task: many of those sermons will
not contain a word that might not bo
preached in any church of any denomina
tion In- the city.
So the Easter of to-day stands for
Christian unity, the real unity, not forced,
not brought about by planning:, but tho
same spirit animating those of dl versa
views, and " for at least one day in the
year bringing the same thought home to
all. All the tracts that have been printed,
all the efforts of self appointed reformers
have not approached within a thousand
miles what has been accomplished In
bringing together the disciples of Jesus by
one thought and purpose permeating tha
whole sreat church. The" moment we- be
gin to try to argue ourselves together wa
succeed In arguing ourselves farther
apart: but when we drop all that, and
simply follow the leading of a great
spiritual thought, and allow the lovo of
God to have a chance at us, we are one
church. We are not likely to become one
by looking at each other and seeking some
common ground; the future unity of tha .
church is to come by the sunshine, not
the north wind, by melting together, not
; freezing together. We will foster every
thing that helps us to forget some things
. and . remember others; we will make
Easter as bright and helpful as we know
how to make it, and we will pray God for
his blessing on all who bear his name,
wb.tber they worship with us or speak
our shibboleth or not.
Easter emphasizes the fact that belief
in Christ is more deep seated in humanity
than we sometimes suppose; when we
have eliminated all that is not strictly
religiou3, the new clothing, the thoughts
of spring, the special music, all that goes
to make the day a special one aside from
its real significance, there remains this,
that we are all rejoicing in the thought
of the resurrection and the conquest over
the grave. There is a. deep seated prin
ciple that !s moving U3 all; whether we
'have ever said so or not we are conscious
that the love of our Heavenly Fath
er;, is ' about us and we are rejoicing
that it has been so manifested that It is
clear to ux" Thousands of people who
never see the inside of a church for the
rest of the year forget to go fishing or
visiting ard for once go to church: we
wish they would go every Sunday; we be
lieve It would rest them more than any
thing else, but It is a significant fact
that they go this day. and they look for
ward to it and plan for It for weeks before
and talk about It for weeks after. Deep
down under the seeming carelessness of
men Is the sense of need of a Savior and
gladness in the thought of what he has
done.' GEORGE C. ADAMS. D. D.. ,
Pastor First Congregational Church. -J^
EASTER THOUGHTS AND SERMONS FROM PROMINENT
CALIFORNIAN DIVINES
THE; SUNDAY CALL.
2
GREATER POWER OF
CHRISTIANITY.
By Rev.S.-'D;:Hutsiripiner
IT seems unhappy that the beautiful
idea cf Easter" should be observed by
us unaer a pagan name. But as Jesus
. came "not to destroy but to 'fulfill,".' it
may not be so unhappy "after, all to fill
the name of the pagan festival with out
bursts of our Christian joy over the resur
rection of ox:r Lcrd and ; the promise • of
our- immortality. We- need'vnot conterl
for this great event in history. It as
serts itself 'in the growing and conquer
ing Christianity, of whose doctrines the
literal raising of the body of the Naz
arene is a cardinal part. If the...suri is
shining to-flay at 11 o'clock ,we need not
contend dogmatically that* it rose at* G
this morning. Let hinj who may dispute
the sun's, rising at a certain ho.ur and un
der certain details of; manifestation;, its
Increasing warmth and. brilliancy carry
the logic of its risirig with its glorius
fullness of sunshine now. So with the in
creasing, life and approximate uniyersa.1
Influence of the system of Christianity
lies the- logical .assumption that its
majestic founder did rise^from the , dead,
sven as he said and as his disciples have
boldly affirmed for nineteen centuries.
The increasing life and pawer of Chris
tianity is more manifest- on this glad
Easter day than ever before; never, be
fore was -<he supreme idea of : a supreme
personal . God so w.despread and so deep
ly .wrought Into .the | thought and j life .of
the world. • The great" and valiant army
if" naturalists and scientists, so many'o!
whom some. two decades; ago were look
ng into nature finding,naught]but.mys
:ery beyond nature's. own mute voice, ara
low, with Fisk and , others,/ finding': tha t
ill is penetrated and /inspirited with a
supreme-. intelligence— that is -"God. over
ill and In all," • and j this '. is a discovery'
)f a resurrection indeed arid in fact?-Thc
3od of all life is the God of life at ! thv
\.rimathean's tomb. A growing,, beautiful
jrotherhood in: religion is, large • at th:s
faster time. I think we,- Protestants and
rtoman Catholics, are getting' a little
rlosar togcthe^-yes, much' more sc as
he liscn Lord, becomes -our basis of uni-
\y' arifl we . Jr-iw near like Mary to see
only' him as ; the chief, of vs -ai! who
claim to' be his disciples. There is mflre
reverential respect for or.e^ariother as ws
press .air to the obeying of our Master,
who recommissior.s us all on each Easter
day to go* teach all nations of his life
and" light.. / : X
The mission of 1 Easter is. the Christ
life in our life, and thus our immortality.
It is a beautiful 'anniversary of the
transcendent sequel, . to. death. ". ; 'It is' the
proclamation to us, each and all, of the
victory that the goqd and true and nobly
beautiful in us may- have 'over the base
and ugly and sinful in us. Yes,, it is : the
promise of a universal society ' regener
ated, pure, sobsr.'lovir.g a^.d free from the
ignoble. He is risen, ar.d all humanity
may by him rise" to goodness, virtue and
happiness. ' '•. . : ••""". "
-.;.// :¦¦¦; . • V' S. D.HUTSINPILLER,',
Pastor Central M. E. Church:
EASTER A TIME OF
UNIVERSAL JOY.
By Rabbi Ni'eto."
¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦ — ~ '¦¦ * -' '¦ ¦¦ ¦
1 SHOULD not be surprised if it be
: some day discovered that even in
prehistoric times the peoples of the
earth celebrated this season of i the
' .year., .So universal Is the gladness
that the 'sun again shines in ." his S full
strength and majesty, that the earth
wears again her smiling face of greenest
joy and that the trees and shrubs will be
laden down , with fragrant and beautiful
blossoms, and all be alive that but a short
while since' seemed 'dead, 'that "'we-', feel
bound to assume that the springtide was
observed as a religious season' fronT time
immemorial."" In ¦ anelentf Babylonia It .was
the new^ year season, and hymns of glo
rious praise _were sung telling of. the sun's
victory -over darkness.'CThe HebreWsVat
this season celebrate '.the; victory "of f ree
donrover slavery; thus investing the fes
tival with : a _hlgher,.ideaI.'v<The Christian
church infused .into it ; the idea'of resur
rection, Of which," indeed, to all ancients
it niust'havebeen typical.' After the leth
argic slumber l of* ¦winter the earth burst
forth again into life. Everywhere sprjng
is a gladsome; period.' The heaviness and
gloom of winter passed, man steps forth
into the warni sunshine^ more. elastic and
more fit. , ¦ '. .'..-. JACOB N1ET0.
HOW CHRIST CAME
TO HIS THRONE.
By Rey.;R^C. Brook?.
GJSE,. week before the first Eastei
i morning' the Lord Jesus entered
Jerusalem amid the acclaims of a
' great 'multitude, who, hailed Mm
as'king, strewing in his pathway
the emblematic branches of the palm.
The possession of a throne from which
to /rule the- world— this -was the dream ol
all men. -To ¦ Roman and Jew alike, the
.vision of universal empire . was the dream
of life. 'The Roman citizen was eager, tc
complete the almost' finished universal
sway of Rome. . The faithful son of Israel
waited/for the" Messiah,' who should make
the Jew ruler over all nations. Had'not
.the hour come, when this man ofNazer
eth—the most remarkable among. the sons
of men— should -restore the \ kingdom to
Israel? So: thought .many. . But' disap
pointed and impatient, wltn one who
counted, of little worth -the applause of
men, inless than a week -they joined the
cry, "Crucify Him," and the vision of 'the
moment was completely] eclipsed. . History
has strongly reversed the verdict' which
his own generation "finally.' passed upon
Jesus, and the fanatic of Galilee, as they
counted him, .whose life was a failure
judged by ; any . ordinary, standard, -men
are now . beginning to see - lived the one
supremely successful life. Indeed 'the
most majestic and thrilling fact in human
history is; the coronation from every de
partment of human activity of this man
of /Nazareth— the Christ of Calvary — until
all the world joins in the coronation, and
the crowning ; goes < on ,'¦ from age to age.
Poetry and, painting, sculpture and music,
science' and philosophy, literature and life,
haveVbronght their crowns to place upon
his head. ¦;:;", ¦
..How came Christ to such a throne 1 ?. He
organized no army, he sought * to found
no empire, he , established no school, he
wrote no book, and yet before the Roman
eagles perished % his ;, kingdom included, a
greater population than ancient!- Rome.
How did it come about?
.'He loved : men and gave himself for
them. That is the. whole story. .When he
saw distress he ¦ brought relief and com
fort. When <his friends .were unfaithful
he-loved * them to -"the -end. • When Peter
denied." he r.nswcred the denial ; with a
fTvHE^ •writer was educated; among
J Baptists who were afraid of Easter
I' They said it belonged to the Rornar
I Catholic church. We have nevei
discovered when this 'church laic
claim to It. Easter day does not belong
to any one church more than another.
Easter is a fact that belongs to the world,
We prefer Easter to Christmas. T'm
I world 'with its gay wicked-, life has
crowded itself into Christmas. It is a
holiday season. In pome places it is mixec
with merriment that* is neither sober ol
instructive. People go into debt for the
gifts they offer. Easter has no meanin?
except to' the thoughtful.' If you do not
observe it in a religious sense you cannot
observe it at all.. It' is meaningless tt
those who do. not tnink of life, death and
immortality. It is appropriate that these
subjects should claim our attention to .th»
exclusion of all others, at least once, .a
year. . S ;
We prefer Easter to Ghristmas because
it is a consummation.' Christmas Is a be
ginning. Beginnings are full of uncer
tainty. A beginning contains a doubt as
well as a prophecy. "What will . the end
be? Where there is doubt there is unrest.
The Babe of Bethlehem did not seem like
ly to succeed. Easter is the climax of
that history. It is victory at -last.
"Fought the fight, the battle won." We
worship now the truly successful life.
Even if it is all a, story; as some would
have us believe, it is a story with a beau
tiful and helpful ending. The shadow of
the cross "was on the cradle. It Is on
every cradle. The glory of the crown
shines on Easter. Between the crafle and
the crown there was the perfect obedience
to the Father's will. The completed life
suggests the consecration of ChFist and
the faithfulness of the Father.
We prefer Easter to Christmas because
It is suitable to every one's experience.
The world's great heart may hot be
Christian, but it appreciates the truth or
Easter. It needs the truth, therefore- it
accepts it. Christmas tells of a .birth, but
there are thousands of homes in ".which
there is no child. There are multitudes
who, through their own choice, will never
be fathers or mothers.. Child life is beau
tiful to them, but not necessary to their
happiness. But who has not lost a friend?
Who has not parted with a" dear one at
the grave? Who has not, wept j at the
going down of the sun and feared to enter
the "shadows alone? In every life there
are vanished hands and" musical voices
that have been hushed into silence/ Will
the organ peal forth again? Will the. sun
rise? Shall hand clasp hand and friends
be reunited a^ter the shadows lift? Hope!
Ah, what a , place would the . .world be
wither at hope' Easter suggests hope. It
is spring to a wintry, weary world. "Dust
to dust, ashes to ashes!',' This is the voice
of experience. One by one the lights of
life go out. One by one the friends of
school and home pass away. "Ashes ~to
ashes!" And even the ashes lose their
glow and become cold. The heart is both
dark and sad. "Thy brother shall rise
again!" Do you really think so? We
want to believe it and we do believe it,
even if we are not professing Christians.
We deck our churches .with flowers.
Flowers are not sectarian.- . Neither is the
truth that "the Lord is risen." Flowers
are beautiful, even the wild ones. Every
life has its opportunities to be beautiful
in its sphere. Flowers speak of infinite
care*. The Great Gardener watches over
all, whether in the hothouse or the field.
Ml get from him their power to live and
become perfect. He is" with the seeds in
the -.old dark earth, making them germi
nate, and with the sun -that kisses, them
into beauty. Only trust in' him, and all
the mysteries will find their meaning
somewhere.
Some like the crucifix. I prefer the
empty cross. Jesus was on the cross.
That experience Is past. The cross Is
emp^y now \
Then' bid me not that form extended
For my Redeemer own,
¦ Who, to the highest heavens ascended.
In Klory fills the throne. '
• The friend of sinners :s alive. Our Jesus
is not an. Idol" with blind eyes andeold
hands. He has passed from the cross and
tomb and the message he has for us is,
"JJo. I am with you always until the end
of the ages." J. GEORGE GIBSON,
P.-.s*or Emraanutl Baptist ChuichASTROLOGISTS SAY THE HOROSCOPES OF KING EDWARD VII AND OTHER RULERS PORTEND TROUBLE
ruped — that Is to say, an elephant— came
near to killing him ;n India. He twice
escaped being shot In Ireland. In 1879
he was shot at by a mysterious woman at
Monte Carlo. And ta 1900 young Sipidio
attempted to shoot him in Brussels. Tlie
other dangers he has always had to fear
are diseases of the head, stomacn, fevcr3
(he has had typhoid), and the maladies
due to excesses.
When Saturn shall enter the sign of the
Fishes the life of the King will be trou
bled by Illnesses, quarrels with closo
friends, and misunderstandings with pow
erful rulers: and this "are planetary event
Is due Just six month? from now. - The
astrologer calls attention to the number
9. which is the dynastic number of his
family and the mystic number of his horo
scope, referring back to the ninth arcana
major, the Throne of Osius. A picture of
it shows a chariot crowned by a dais, sup
ported by four columns. On the char'ot
stands a warrior, covered with a. cuirass
and armed with a sword pnd scepter. He
is crowned with a circlet of gold. Now,
In the theme of rpvoiuticn. the sword,
scepter, and g-old are threatened by bad
aspects. Indicating that two of them will
be put to the service of the other.
Fatality of the Number 9.
The fatality of the number 9 with re
spect to this family is remarkable. The
Duke of Kent, father of the late Queen,
was one of nine children, while Victoria
was the ninth sovereign of England since
the re\ olution of 1CSS. She was born in 1819,
mounted the throne In 1S37 (1 plus 8,plua
2 plus 7 equals 19. when she was 19 years
old. She had nine children. Her eldest
son was born 1 on November 9. The Prince
of Wales married the daughter of Chris
tian IX of Denmark, who at the time was
19 years old. It was at the age of 81 (8
plus 1 equals 9> that the Queen died, hav
ing received her deathstroke. of paralysis
en January 9. »
The threats of the King-s horoscope co-
incide also with the unlucky month of
January, In ¦which he ascended the throne.
His great-grandfather, George III. died
In January, 1820. His grandfather, the
Duke of Kent, died in the same month of
the same year. His great-aunt, the Prin
cess Elizabeth of Hesse-Hamburg, died
on January 5, 1840. His great-uncle, Fred
erick, Duke of York, died in January,
1827. His son, the Duke of Clarence, died
in January, «1S92. And his brothe.r-in-law,
Henry, of Battenberg, died in January,
1S96.-
Advice to the Kaiser. . .
The" Kaiser's horoscope shows no death
due at the present time. In order to throw
more light on the question one astrologer
has recourse to a kind of cabalistic analy
sis. From the letters contained in the He
brew words of the date, the question, the
Kaiser's name, and the name of the rul
ing planel at the time of the apparition,
he disengaged the following counsel:
"Shut yourself up in your proper sphere,
out of which you are speedily threatened
with deceptions, treasons and ennuis, be
cause your temperament will Infallibly
carry you beyond the ¦ limits you have set
for yourself." .
While the new relations which threaten
the Kaiser are many, he himself is sure
to be as Injurious to them. Especially to
new and powerful friends does the Kaiser
threaten to be injurious. He will have
redoubtable enemies in the high grades
.of both the army and navy. His horo
sccpe promises him the solution. of many
difficulties " by means of secret societies,
but he is at the same time warned against
the ideas they may suggest to him and
the. acts they may lead him to commit.
Again, he must 'be on his guard against
sick people, for contagious diseases prom
ise to be injurious to him. If he be raised
to' an even higher .dignity ; than -that he
now possesses its cause will be fortuitous,
and he ought not to felicitate himself on
his supposed good fortune. It will 1 be pre-
carious, and he will have to fear reverses
whose "consequences .may.be excessively
grave. • ... . "
When the Kaiser leans j too heavily on
the sword; and counts too much on force
let him remember the words,* "Who-" takes
up the sword will perish by the eword."
Nevertheless, his-own life is not' threat
ened by violence. "-¦ His planetary aspects
for 1901 suggest instead: ."Let your health
be dear to you. Be vigilant in your eat
ing, drinking and bathing." Saturn and
Mars this year are unfavorable to his
family. • threatening . equally his royal
spouse. -
Forecast for Wilhelmina. -
The Queen of Holland received at her
birth, on ¦ August 31, 1880. - the names of
Wilhelmina Helena Pauline : Maria, and
she is of . the house of Nassau, ¦ whose
astrology . has been worked out a hundred
times." These names and the family name
added -together, ' caballstically give the
number, twenty-three, the first of the
minor arcana.' which Is the Master of the
Scepter. - This 'arcana.', represents the
young .! Queen beautifully, 1 because it is
symbolized by a crowned King, seated on
a throne arid holding a Fcepter In hjs right
hand. : The j maxim .which refers "to ¦ this
arcana recommends -:- ; the - consultant to
seek , a protector and .: counselor in both
private and public acts. .' The sign .under
which" Wilhelmina , was . ,born . gives a
double character" and a cold, power of rea
soning. ' • nevertheless .-: susceptible ' • to
changes of ideas. The will,- though strong,
may, be ' moved by either the sentiments
of the'heart or of.interest. The sign gives
equally intelligence, ingenuity,: the love of
beautiful things, , and a j[ certain slowness
to anger.. ; It is a' double sign r arid some
times, therefore! ~! modifies the ideas and
sentiments •already- formed.- 1 It • may - also
lead s to two ¦ marriages. - ' ¦ • '
;. The enemies which the young Queen has
to . fear., are financiers . and : ; courtiers of
high situation. Disputes about • property
threaten to "cause her much trouble. . In
the years ¦when Saturn shall be in the
Twins,' in quadrature with Venus, there
will.be danger for marriage, or children {
apd this danger will' coma from two
causes: By the fault of the Queen— that
is to say, a. certain haughty self-con
fidence Joined to Inconsistency of resolu
tion on -her part: and by the faults of
othfir ; wpmen and people in high places,
who may *¦ be a cause : of * scandals.
Treasons of friends and near relatives are
to be feared., as well as falls and sub
mersions under .water. The" sign of
longevity is not promising.
Young: Spanish King's Lot..
Alfonso XIII of Spain, was borri on
May 17, 1886, 'at 12:30 p." m.. in I the second
decan Aharph,; In submission to the arch
angel of Saturn, Rempha, who, presages
obstacles in enterprises J and unlucky . de
pendencies. The . zodiacal ¦ sign is that of
the bull. It gives to those born under it
an unambitious: character, but confers
obstinacy, pride, highness of spirit and
generosity. ... The ¦ Indications of ; : the gen
eral ' birth ' theme are extremely bad.
Saturn in the first house and ; In ' quadra
ture .with Mars : at . the culminating - point
of the I horoscope announces grave perils,
physical and moral. This same planet. in
the ram— a most .violent- sign — signifies
dangers jo his flife, In; its ninth, four
teenth, 1 eighteen th.. twenty-first and twen
ty-fifth years. " When in the annual revo
lution. Saturn ' arrives ¦ In 'the ' Twins, i the
Archer, 3 and the Fishes these dangers will
be accentuated. . Mars threatens him with
great' hatreds. Internal troubles |; in his
realrru and even the loss of his throne. .If
the • young King ; should • travel at any
time when the moon happens to beinthe
sign of the! Crab he will risk great danger
by iron and , water. '¦_ The moon . is also un
favorable. ;. chance , of ; life , is - struck
by ; the quadrature j of Saturn, , : and the
chance of .death' Is found in the "Archer, In
opposition -with. Mars, and In quadrature
with Saturn, all of which could . not be
worse, 1 because the position of the two
violent planets and that of the chance of
death form a triangle which Indicates
these dangers are equally threatening on
land, on water and by fire and iron. More
over, the chance of death is found in the
eighth house of the f horoscope, the house .
of troubles, striking*, woundlngs and
violences, and is placed directly under the
rays of the sun. a sure sitm of 6hort life.
"The* summit of the birth ladder of Al
fonso XIII," with his names, when added
together caballstically, gives the same
major, arcana as ¦ that of the late Presi
dent Carnot— 1. e.. the eighteenth arcana;
which is The;Twilight: Its picture, repre
sentation shows a field feebly lighted by
a half-hidden moon. Two towers rise on
the edge of a road that loses itself in the
horizon. At the foot of one of these tow
ers ,ls a. dog howling 1 at the moon. Be
tween, these two aijimals there is a crab.
The towers are symbols : of false security
which does not perceive hidden perils.
The maxim of the arcana Is; "Never for
get that you are a son of the earth, and
that -, everything here .below conspires
against you. Low and servile minds flat
ter you and deceive you, and wicked peo
ple stand on the edge of the path you
tread. Observe, - listen, and learn to be "
silent!" Pifflf
Mozaffer-Etl-Din. Shah of.. Persia. Is
something of a horoscope caster himself.'
He was" born at 5 a. rn. on March 23. 1853.
a year governed by the ; sun." ¦ March 23
is comprised in the first decan of the con
stellation of the Ram, and Is ; placed un
der the influence of Asiccan, archangel of
Mars. The symbol of - this day is • hiero- .
glyphically represented by two . men,' one
painfully chopping wood,. the other hold-
Ing a scepter. "The zodiacal sign of thl3
birthday gives an ¦ ardent character.- con
tempt , for ; dangers, and /¦ obstacles, • and '"
great ; highness cf mind. V mingled with
goodVnature and a high ' conception of
duty." Insists Mozaffar. He Is always
on his guard . 'against the dangers which
the Aspects: of this planet warn him to
expect fro'm the enmities of pretended
friends and protectors, especially those
near to his person. They agree that the
years in which he hast the greatest dan
gers to expect sjjfceed each other by 7
and 9. As he w*s Tbonvln 1853. they would
be the years 1SG2. 1S69. 1S7S. 18S3. ISM and
1901. His escape from the Paris assassin
In 100O was the only belated example, and
every serious attempt against his life has
been In one of the years mentioned. The
sinister appearance of . Mars in • the Sev
enth House of his horoscope is a certain
indication of death by assassination, while
the quadrature of Mars and Mercury de
clares that It is to come about as a result
of stracge passions.
Adding together the equivalent numbers
of the Hebrew ' letters of names, dates
and planets, spreading out the sums and
forming them Into geometrical figures,
this incantation was pronounced by a
Paris . astrologer:
"I conjure and call upon ye. strong: and
holy angels, good and powerful. In a
strong name of Fear and Praise. Jah,
Adonia, Elohiem, Sadai, Ele, Asamle. and!
by the names of the discerning angels
governing openly in the Seventh House,
before the great angel Ter.ra. and by the
name of his seal, which Is that of a pow
erful god. I call upon you to reveal this
mystery!" |09EMRHi
Three l - times the result came out the
same — the year 1901. Is Mozaffer-Ed-DIn,
therefore, to perish in this year? His
Persian astrologers pretend they can not
solve the question. Do they fear to tell
him the truth? If. indeed, his end be so
near ancther indication of his horoscope
takes on a new importance to all Europe*.
According to the quadrature of the four
signs of the Ram. the Crab, the Balance,
and the Goat, struggles are to be feared
between 'the four powers respectively In
fluenced by these -sijrns— that is to say.
Turkey, " England. Russia and Persia. If
these struggles are r to be feared by him
they must take place before his death—
and consequently In this year.
. .•¦-.:
N this year. 1901. say the astrolosists.
t! the sun enters again Into the sign which
jj, it occupied at the nativity of King F.d
tvard VII, and which curiously enough,
in just opposite, half vray around the Cir
cle of the zodiac, to *hat of President Mc-
JOrxJcy. For Albert Edward it Is the
plainest kind cf indi ration that he has
reached the highest j-.oint of fortune and
celestial favor he has tr expect. The op
position of Mars, at the same time. Indi
cates unexpected perils and powerful en
emies. Jupiter by hi? position In the
theme announces elevations and fortunate
Rair.s. but rrjth quarn»l3, discords and dis
turbances among Intimates, especially
women. In the themt of revolution the
same aspects relative to bad influences are
found by the astrologers, who vaguely !5f«i
¦"r_n unfortunate presston on the royal will
on th<? part of certain people." hinting
that the King of England will not possess
h's freedem of action completely in the
cireciion cf certain 3 IT *!••*• of the kingdom.
Edward VII i? 53 years eld. The Etam
rresidir.?: at his birth In 1841 confers that
apparently cold temperament which hides
an immofiprato 1 ive of pleasures. Slov.*
r.r.ger and calculating vengeance are two
other fnulis of character assured by it.
The aptitudes are ordinary, and the no
tions of jrood and ill are likely *o be de
fined pocrly. The s=I=ra of his birth and
the aspect cf ihe i)lar«=ts at the time an
nounced for Edward VII frequent goings
mid rcmincs und many voyages. mark«*d
by dangrcrs from file. iron, and gr^at
quadrupeds. The lucky protection of Jup
iter promised to him, at the same time, a
certain immunity.
Hucky Escapes Frcm Death/
These indications have been borne out
by the facts all through his life. In 1S«,
en his celebrated trip to America. . he
came near being assassinated by a crazy
. Bailor. In 1SC8. huntinej at Compiegne. ha
f came near having fcis netk broken by be
? tes thrown frcia a horse a greater Quad-
do about it in the face of Blanche Walsh's
fine,- strong, subtle art?
Later on the famiiy moved to City Ha'.l
place. .There Blanche grew up, attending
the public schools. Besides 'general
Grace Harkaway In "London Assurance."
Her ¦ training was all practical and of
the best, but its results did not come at
onoe. . She was to go through a deal of
trouble before she made her hit. Nat
It's a queer thing,' isn't it, when ona
thinks of < all the theories that are being
ians _since that dayunri it is still of the
slums — no better, no worse." . It has always
been as bad as it could be. -
I ever saw. It rfrould make a exeat a:id
successful man."
"Oh. if that's ail I car go to sleep." re
plied Mrs. Walsh, -who was always
stronger on philosophy than on .specula
tion;
Blanche began to srow up at 36 Mctt
street. It was the dame neighborhood
where hundreds of little foreigners
swarmed .and swore and were b!ase on
lookers at all the vlcvs in the calendar.
Chinatown has stolen in upon the Ital-
"Oh. It's all right, >na'am," reassured
Dr. Horan, "except that it ougct to bo
long to a boy. It's the best formed head
"I've brought a thousand of these into
the world." went on Dr. Hogan to his con
federate, "but I never saw one like this."'
Mrs. Walsh was writhing by this time.
"For heaven's rake." she sa!d. "what is
the matter with Its head?"
"Look here." said Hogan. who was t'no
family physician and always took a big
Interest In all that pertr.ined to the house
of Walsh. "Come to tee window: I want
you to look at this baby's head."
The mother became interested and some
what alarmed.
He and a professional friend were In th»
room together when Mie mother was lying
111 in bed.
His prestige and hi« fame .are things
of the past — so far of the past that most
of the public who wilners his daughter
do not for the moment think of any re
lation between them.
But it was In his Mctt-street home that
Ehe passed her babyiiood.
It never for a moment was a common
place babyhood. Record has it that Fho
squealed with admirablr. elocution. Fur
thermore, Dr. Hogan noticed something
peculiar about her he.'.d.
Perhaps there is so:ne fcereditv ab-.ut
the thing, after all. OW Tern Walsh must
have had a way of gripping people ami
getting hold of them |«st as , Blanche doea
to-day; and people are a. good deal alike,
anyhow, whether they be Italian immi
grants In Mott street cr Jl 50 audiences in
the best 'theaters. It must take some nt
the same kind of power to gain their nt
tention and their good will. People who
talk about things in a serious and a sci
entific way call ?t magnetism. Blanche
would be called a "mamietic actress; Fatty
has been known as a first-class ward poli
tician; they were father and daughter.
appointed warden of l!»e Tombs, a very
old establishment whose inhabitants w«re
not of the upper crust. Fatty had no se
rious objection to this, however. He was
prospering and he was not squeamish
about his companion's o- about those who
helped him to his prosperity. He wanted
to know why a Dago -ote wasn't as gool
as any other vote, and the man who sot
the most of them was the best man,
wasn't he? Fatty was r-ipidly turning out
to be a "best man." H» was coming Into
a following that made him temporarl'y
as famous as his da-ishter has now be
come through the praot-ce of another art.
expounded by educators ell over the coun
try' and the elobe, for- that matter, . abo-Jt
the effect of environment? With the two
Bides and the two end3 of Mott street for
the four walls of her ¦world one ¦wouldn't
have expected that Blanche Walsh couM
ever have changed anything but her frtjnt
door address. Her mental addrass woul.l
have been 36 Mott street for all time if the
theories were infallible."
The belief in environment has gone even
outside the realm of science. Poetry has
accepted. ;t. Walt Whitman talks about
a boy who was brought up among lilacs
and breezes and. that sort of thing until
"they became part of the child."
Now what are Walt. "Whitman and Dr.
Jordan and all' the rest* of them going to
branches she had Instruction in vocal and
Instrumental music find in dancing.
One night in the winter of 1SS8 (she was
15 at this time) a benefit was given to the
family of Dr. Dwyer. at the Winsor
Theater, and she recited a poem. It was
a success and her mind was mads up be
fore the last of her applause was over.
She had read a great deal about Charlotts
Cushman and Mary Anderson; they wero
her heroines. and she' determined on that
night to follow in their footsteps. With
this purpose set before her as a sort of
signal. lamp in her path she joined the
Lyceum School of Acting, but she stayed
there a very short time. She was prac
tically,without knowledge of the stage
when she joined Marie Walnwright's com
pany.
Miss "Walnwright started her and
schooled her and Is proud of her to-day.
Blanche was 17 when the startlwas made;
she had to be taught to walk and to stand
and to fail. Within a season she was
playing such parts as Olivia in "Twelfth
Night"; Zairiore In "The Honeymoon":
Queen Elizabeth in "Amy Robsart," and
-
THE Germans are making arrange
ments to beat ths Americans in the
speed of their railroad trains. A
rate of from 125 to 135 miles per hour
is to be attained on the military line from
Berlin to Zossen. The cars, which will
run singly, will be propelled by electricity.
Two cars are being built, one by the Gen
eral Electricity Company, and one by the
firm of Siemens & Halske.
Emperor William, who Is always pro
gresslve, has taken up the subject. He
has expressed himself as in favor of a
complete ' change of the entire railway
Eervice. Electrical power, he says, must
be used for the transportation of the pns-
Bengers, though for the present it will be
necessary to continue using steam for
freight. At a recent conference between,
the Kaiser and Prince Counselor Rathe
nau. superintendent of the works of the
General Electricity Company, the latter
declared that it would be a great na
tional triumph If Germany could be th*»
leader In the creation of the means of
T
transportation.
Several financiers and princes of In
dustry some time ago formed a society
to consider the applicatJcn of electricity
to railway roads. A result of their -wort
Is, that the military 'ine between Berlin
nnd) Zossan. which Is '.ighteen miles lon;r.
will be used for experiments to demon
strate that a higher rate of speed can bn
obtained by electricity than by the use of
-steam. For the presen* the experiments
are confined to passenger service. Th<%
cars to be employed T7111 accommodate
fifty passengers, and will resemble in con
struction the sleeping ears now In nso
In Germany. Richard Guenther. TJnitei
States Consul General at Frankfort, de
clares that if the experiments on th*s
line succeed, the tim«j is not far distant
when it will be possible to travel for
example, from Berlin to Hamburg In a
little over an hour »n cars which will
follow each other at intervals of ten min
utes. By raising the speed, which now
averages thirty-seven miles per hour for
fast trains, to 155 miles per hour, and 'or
dispatching the cars singly, the ideal rail
way of the future will be reached.
German Trains to Go Two
• Miles- a Minute.
strain of the several strongly emotional
scenes In the last two acts of the play.
Yet her physical exertion is not much less
tiring. In the coronation scene at the end
of the third act, for Instance, she Is com
pelled to walk thrice across the stage In
a gown that weighs something over 100
pounds. AdA to this the strain of drag
ging the garment over the floor and It Is
patent that a hod-carrier has an easy
time of it compared to Miss Walsh at this
particular time. Tet she Bays that she
has not felt any 111 effects of the task a?
yet. and she has been wearing the gown
for numerous weeks.
"Last season." says Miss Walsh, "In
the Sardou plays I was compelled to wear
many heavy costumes, yet my health re
mained good throughout the tour. This
heavy physical work appears to h,ave the
effect of keeping me in 'good condition.'
as they say about the prize-flghters. and
my health has never been better than In
the past year or so."
And this young woman, robed as an
Empress of France before an admiring
audience which claims that she looks and
lives the part, upon whose health count
less attaches are hanging and In whose
welfare countless admirers are Interested
—this young woman is "Fatty" Walsh's
little girl of Mott street." .
occupancyof the "athletic srirl." Yet if it
came to a test of strength there is no
doubt that heavy odds would be In favor
of her prowess as a moflern female San
dow as. against the claims of the regu
larly trained lady callsthene. Miss Walsh's
work in "More Than Queen" Is not alto
gether of a mental caliber. There Is no
doubt that her mind Is weary after the
Goodwin took her, as you may remember,
and then, dropped lier overboard some
where between hero and Australia. She
finally began to star as the Sardou hero
ines, and although the critics said nice
things about her the Sardou plays were
old and old plays do not satisfy the box
office. She tried a new play which wa3
a failure. Then. In the nick of time.
Julia Arthur took unto herself a husband
and resigned a good play before Its popu
larity was nearly exhausted and Blanche
Walsh fell heir to it. It is Emlle Ber
gerat's "More Than Queen," in which she
cpens here. . -
Miss Walsh, who nightly— and occasion
ally at a matinee— dons the robes of an
Empress of France. Is not a physical cul
ture devotee. She Is not of the class that
affects knee trousers, jerseys and short
sleeves and has her room littered with In
dian clubs., dumb-bells, rowing machines
and other paraphernalia that Indicate the
ONCE KNOWN AS "FATTY" WALSH'S LITTLE GIRL OF MOTT STREET
AND IS NOW APPLAUDED AS
A LEADING STAR OF THE THEATRICAL WORLD.
gt^TWESX the little Blanche Walsh
who used to toddle about In Mott
street and the big Blanche W^lsh
of to-day there is a great gulf
fixed. She was Blanche then
only upon special occasions, by spe
cial courtesy. She was "Fatty's brat"
at some other times, or "Fatty's kid."
This depended upon who spoke of her and
In what mood he spoke. There is a nice
distinction between Brat and Kid. When
she was bewitching she was the Kid and
a pat went with the name; when she was
a. little fiend, as all children who are any
grood at all know how to be, she was the
Brat.
She was the little «»lrl whom Tombs
Prison people caught eight of now and
then and •whom they came to know as be
ing Walsh's little girl. Walsh was "Fat
ty." He was the big Irishman who was
warden of the Tombs.
The home that Blanche Walsh was born
to •was a home In Mori street.
Tom Walsh, her father, was a strapping
young Irishman; and residing as he d!d
In a New York district peopled by Italian
Immigrants he soon gained a political pull
by instructing his constituents in the
proper exercise of their political suf
frages.
It came to pass that this Instruction,
while benefiting the sons of Italy, brought
considerable satisfaction to Mr. "Walsh.
It came about that tie machine's chief
tains looked upon Fatty Walsh with fa
vor and the "True Friend of Italy" was
SLA2TCHE WALSH, in her elec
tric lighted and bellboyed
suite, finds it a far cry to the
Mott-street house where she
was a baby. It must give h*r
a nice feeling to swish about her
hundred-pound empress robe and re
jnember that she used to think her
self lucky if she could get hold of a
cishrag big enough to swish about
tnd.play that it was the Queen's
train. The little Italians of Mott
etrest were train-bearers when they
•were willing. Sometimes they wantsd
to wear the train themselves and
then Blanche had to be her own body
guard.
Last night on my 11 o'clock wav
home I stopped in to see a girl who
is always willing to do the talking.
I am always willing to let iier, be
cause she tells such good stories that
they must be founded on fact and
d&pbcarded with fiction.
"Blanche "Walsh is coming," she
eaid.
''Here's to her," we agreed over
the oyster cocktails.
"Now you pile up those cushions
end go to sleep while I tsll you about
her first role," she said. She buried
jae to the ears in Navajos.
"Blanche. was 'Fatty's' daughter,
you know, and she lived in Mott
street, which was a hodgepodge of
cats and babies and gin.
"She was part of that htfJgepodge.
"One of her chums was a little
Ctreet singer. Blanche had learned
all of her songs. They were the onss
that Francie's father sang over tha
zed wine of nights.
"One day Francie cut her foot on a
Tiottle that had been broken the night
before. She knew that it wouldn't do
her any good to tell this at home as
fcn excuse.
" '111 take your placs,' Blanche of
fered.
"So she put on Francie's dress ana
Trent out on the street as a singsr.
" 'I'll bring you back enough
snoney so you won't get whipped,' sbc
promised.
"She was charmed by the delight
of acting a part and by the secrecy of
Ler doings and she set out in a gay
mood. She made such a hit with the
songs that she more than doubled her
friend's biggest record of earnings.
"When she returned and offered
Frsncie" the money she m*t instead
cf gratitude a storm of lealcusy.
** 'You ain't no good. You must J a'
ftole de money.'
" 'I didn r t, I earned it 'cause ths
people liked to hear me sing.*
" 'You're 3yin'. I don't want no
fctoled nosey.'
" "You needn't take it, then,' and
Slsnche threw it into the gutter.
"Sie T72S so in distant that she
Trent home and told the whole adven
ture.
f 'You liad no tmsinsss to sing ju
the street,' said her mother, and slip
pered her.
" /It's own regard is the only one
tliet virtue evef gets,' Blanche says
¦vrhen she tells the story.
SAE.AH COMSTOCK.
. ¦¦ ¦¦ - ¦'.'¦¦ ¦ ¦;.-¦•• ¦ .... .-..- . . .
THE SUNDAY^ CALL.
3¦TH& SUNDAY CALL.
DID YOU EVER THINK OF THESE
REMARKABLE USES FOR COAL?
«|v? POUND ofrcannel coal is a lump,
fL\ about the' size of a man's ..fist.
IT^VOut ol this "dyes can be distilled
C*: .'"¦¦,¦;."• sufficient j to color the '_ following
lengths of \ flannel, three-quarters of a
yard - wide: , Five . feet of yellow, three
and ' a half feet of scarlet, two feet of
violet, two inches of orange/' four inches
of turkey red and- eight Inches of ma
genta. By judicious blending3 you can
obtain sixteen distinct yellow colors,
twelve orange, thirty red. fifteen blue,
seven green and nine violet; . In all,
eighty-nine separate tints. ''These colors
are, made from the.waste left 'over after
the gas has been extracted.
Take a ton ¦ of ; good ' cannel coal, and
distill it in a gas retort.. It will give 10,000
cubic ' feet of gas, twenty-five gallons of |
ammoniacal liquor, 1 thirty pounds of "am
monium 'sulphate", thirteen hundred
weight of coke and twelve gallons of coal \
. tar. V It ' is: this liquid, which forty years
ago '¦¦ was \ burned in" the furnaces .'or . sold
as < cheap ; wagon. grease . at five : shillings
a ton that now -.yields not. only these
lovely colors, but ¦ medicines and scents
enough" to stock . a chemist's * and * per
fumer's, soap. ,-¦ . . _, ':....'¦
.; The first man who,. 160 years ago,: tried
to \ experiment .with coal tar—a-German
called. Stauff— very nearly died from suf
focation. - It was ; 120 years before chem
ists . learned to deal . with , coal , tar ". and
first obtained the beautiful; aniline pur- ;
pie- or: mauve dye. '¦ Two ; millions . and Va
half of money- was spent' In -1S99 on coal- ¦
tar dyes in British factories.
So great was the excitement when the
purple aniline dye was first discovered
that a - Parisian manufacturer made the
city authorities an offer of £8000 It ho
might be permitted to take up the as
phalt in one of the principal streets In
order to distil it for use In his dye
works. Purple became' the fashion, and
remained so for four successive seasons.
The newer coal dyes owe' their discov
ery to the quinine famine 6i 1S30. In that
year quinine became "so expensive that
Professor Dewar and other scientists be
gan experimenting to find a • substitute
which would do equally well to cool the
blood in fever. The first result of their
experiments / were the delicate yellows
and brown obtained from benzine. Then
quinoline was hit upon — a drug with just
the same' bitter taste as quinine, equally
powerful in fighting fever, and leaving
none of quinine's evil effects. "Qulnottne.
also, costs . less than half as much as
quinine.
Antipyrin, even stronger and more last
ing in its effects, and without any bitter
ness at all, was- the next development.
Hundreds of. pounds of this drug have
been shipped lately to South Africa, to
help_ the doctors . in . their 'fight against
enteric, fever.'
Still; another! boon from coal tar Is the
drug ¦called thallln, which is much the
best ¦ medicine ; known ; to - cure a patient
of ; the dreaded, yellow fever. . In " all," sev
enteen new t medicines owe their origin to
coal tar. - '
"Extracts of new-mown bay" and other
similar delicate perfumes are obtained
from a substance called cumarin, which,
up. to a few years ago was extracted
from i sweet woodruff and other scented
grasses. Dr. Perkin discovered that
cumarin could be obtained by distillation
of oue of the volatile oils of coal tar.
"White heliotrope is also made almost en- '
tirely from coal, together with seven
other scents, generally known by the
names of the flowers they used to be ex
tracted from. The island of Mauritius
lost much of it3 scent industry through
the rivalry of coal-tar scent.
Vanillin, one of the most delicate prod
ucts of coal, is used by the gallon in
making the extract of vanila, for flavor-
Ing custards and puddings. •
Besides these dyes and scents, coal
tar gives us that greatest boon of the
man whose doctor won't let him tako
sugar — namely, saccharin. Of this sub
stance, one pound is equal to two hun
dred-weight of sugar, as far as sweeten
ing power goes. It Is quite wnoiesome,
and • Is, Into the bargain, a capital dis
infectant. Jam made with saccharin
ought to keep forever.
Coal tar and scents are by no means
cheap and nasty substitutes. They 'are
all harmless— sometimes more harmless
than the original preparations they have
superseded. And, In spite of the evil
odor of coal tar, not ' cne workman has '
ever been made HI by dealing with it.— *.
Answers. - .#
SOME THING ABOUT SILK THAT ARE
NOT GENERALLY KNOWN.
<^=r? LMOST every worm of aerial
/Lj\ habits Is more or less a silk worm.
ii p The caterpillars' nests so fre
quent in orchards and shrubber
ies are no more than big. unkempt and
composite cocoons. Solitary creepers have
the same power of eilk production. . In
fact, many of them emulate those gentle
women, the spiders. In letting themselves
up or down, or round about with threads
of their own spinning. These aerial road
ways. Indeed, fairly crisscross the sum
mer air. They are invisible save when
a glancing sunray strikes across them,
notwithstanding their use is often made
only too palpable by a big. hairy wrig
gling something which slips down or
along them to deposit itself ppon an un-
Euspecting head or arm.
After the caterpillars come the genuine
Bilk-spinning eplders. These are distin
guished from the common web spinners
by the nature of their product It is a
true sill<4 strong, elastic, beautifully lus
trous. It is produced, too, more ; abun
dantly In proportion to food than the reg
ular worm filament. Stockings and mit
tens have been knitted of the spider silk.
The only bar to its production in commer
cial Quantities is the warlike , habits of
the insects. "Wherever three meet there
Is a battle royal, which ends only with
the disabling of all the fighters. :'¦--..
- Down in Paraguay . there is a spider
which spins a brilliant yellow silk in such
profusion the natives and the Spaniards
collect It an'd manufacture it, on rude ria-
tive looms, into shawls, ribbons and short
lengths for jackets. The : color deepens
and brightens with use and is said to be
inimitable — a glowing golden hue no dyer
can produce. ."•-.¦
The' silkworm proper is an embodied ap
petite. He eats, eats, never hasting, never
resting. He- has been .commercialized to
such a degree that it is possible to esti
mate beforehand just how much silk he
will turn out from a given weight of fresh
mulberry leaves. They are white mulber
ry leaves — to be exact — Morus multicaulls.
Italy and China furnish the best silk,
hence the best silkworm eggs,' though
Japan is coming to be reckoned with in
the matter of silk supply. . This is due
mainly to the fact that the special pains
taking labor required in silk raising, is
cheaper ' in China than : anywhere else-
Chinese -working -women get daily wages
of 3 cents. Everywhere it is women who
do most of the work in rearing the worms.
Men bring in the {resh' leaves and culti
vate the trees which supply them, but In
the * sllkeries women, watch over the
worms, frcm the egg to the cocoon.
¦ To ' keep the eggs dormant ' requires a
temperature just above freezing. They
must not .be laid in the hatching trays
without regard to the season. "If it is cold
and backward ] the hatch must .be post
poned to wait the growth of the leaves.
When first the worms hatch they • are
fed on leaves finely shredded in bits suit
ed to their tender Jaws, v After', the -first
molt the leaves ; axa only 1 torn. Thence-
forward they are used whole, but mutt
not be allowed to get hard and woody.
They are stripped from the young shoots
just before they reach full size. A tree
that has given, all its early leavfcs to - the
silkworm brood is so .weakened that > it
may die. Consequently trees are not fully
stripped unless under great stress. ' '
.After tha fifth molt the worms, "fat,
green, sluggish r-Al*-, refuse to eat and be
gin moving their heads ' rapidly from side
to side. This is the sign of cocoon spin,
nlng, so the women supply the trays with
bundles of clean, short twigs. Upon these
the worms* crawl, attach themselves and
begin spinning.- The cocoon is^ finished in
twelve to twenty-four hours. * The good
ness or badness of it is judged less by the
size than the weight and symmetry.
A percentage of the finest : cocoons are
set apart, to hatch and- produce next
year's eggs. The rest are baked at a
steady heat, that destroys ¦ the chrysalid
without injuring" the .silk, then boiled,
doubled, reeled, scoured and sent to mar
ket. ; £; ' r, •' ¦
There, are' tricks In the trade of silk
spinning and that of silk . dyeing. Thread
can be loaded with : metallic or. earthy
salts to weigh half as much again as . the
pure raw silk. But dealers are alert for
such frauds and have' tricks of . their own
to offset them. .- ;¦¦•¦.• ..;
A. curious industry is the manufacture
of 'silkworm, gut for' fishing ta*ckle.L The
best of. it: comes from -the Spanish, silk
fields. A silkworm , ready, to . spin . Its " co-
The Turkish language is said by schol
ars to be the .softest and most musical
language of modern times, being better
adapted to the purpose of musical nota
tion and recitative than even the Italian.
Lobster Cutlets.
To one cupful of thick white sauce, sea
soned with a dash of paprika, a pinch of
mustard, salt and butter, add one cupful
lobster meat picked into pieces: when
cold form Into cutlets, dip into beaten
egg, then into fine bread crumbs and fry
in deep, smoking -hot «at until a golden
brown. Insert a lobr.ter claw in -small
end, garnish with parsley, lemons and
curled celery.
A good old dish brought from over the
6eas has never " yet had even ¦ Its ' name
translated. It is substantially German 10
the least detail and it savors of the good
f rau's handiwork from start to finish.
Kartoff el Kloschen.
Melt a tablespoonful of butter;. add it to
two eggs,' one pint of mashed potato, on*
tablespoonful flour, a little salt and nut
meg. Form into a dough, cut into little
balls and cook in boiling, salted; water
about six minutes. Place in a bowl, gar
nish with parsley and pickled beets; serv«
hot with or without soup.
Date pudding- has been made In all sorts
of forms— mostly mushy. .The trick of the
lemon juice Is what gives flavor; the gela
tine is. what 'elves form.'. Here is a data
pudding that is good enough to cap the
climax of any family dinner that ever wai
served: ' : : ' : , ¦-¦''. .-3&B3
Date Pudding:
Cook dates' in enoucli lemon ' juice ta
soften; press through a sieve. ¦" ""'.
Moisten two tablespoonfuls. corn starch
icewaterand stir until it begins to thick
en; place a spoonful in individual tlmbale
molds and add a slice of banana: set In
cool place until firm,- then place more ba
nana around the sides, add more gelatine
and when firm and ready, to serve dip an
instant in hot water and unmold. Serve
with cream.
If you are an abstainer from tea and
coffee, you -have probably taken to cocoa.
It need not be so bad, either, if you know
the right way to, make the drink. The
coffee and vanilla are at the bottom of
the secret. So little coffee does it take to
give 'the cocoa 'a delicious flavor that the
most wary can risk it with impunity and
there's never a wakeful night to pay. 5
Ceylon Cocoa.
Allow one rounding teajpoonful cocoa
for each person," also one cupful boiling
Banana Timbales.
and pour it Into one cupful boiling milk;
add pinch of salt and one tablesooonf ul
vanilla. .Remove from fire and add stiffly
beaten whites of three eggs; add to one
cupful of the date mixture while hot one
tablespoonful dissolved gelatine, then fold
into two tablespoonfuls of the corn starch
mixture; pour the date mixture in the bot
tom of a ring mold, then add the white
mixture; set In cool place till firm, un
mold, heap dates in^ canter and serve wltli
boiled custard.
Bananas are still In season, • and it Is
worth while to try banana timbales while
you still have a chance. The fruit which
13 not handsome enough to serve fresh is
often quite as good when cooked as any
other kind. • ' - '¦
Make a lemon jelly, set into apan'of
As most people are aware, vegetables
possess various medicinal qualities. Hera
• are» some worth bearing in mind. Aspar
agus is very cooling and easily digested.
Cabbage, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts and
broccoli are cooling, nutritive, laxative
and purifying to the blood and also act as
tonics, but should not be eaten too freely
by delicate persons. Celery is good for
rheumatic and * gouty ¦ persons. Lettuces
are very wholesome. They are slightly
narcotic, and lull ' and calm the mind.
Spinach is particularly good for rheuma
tism and gout, and also In kidney diseases.
Onions are good for chest ailments and
colds, but do not agree with all. Water-
cresses are excellent tonics and cooling.
"Beetroot is very cooling and highly nutri
tious, owing to the amount of sugar It
contains. Parsley is cooling and purify
ing./ Potatoes, parsnips, carrots, turnips
and artichokes are highly nutritious, but
not so digestible as some vegetables. Po
tatoes are the most nourishing and are
fattening for nervous persons. Tomatoes
are health-giving and - purifying, either
eaten raw or cooked. Chill, cayenne,
horseradish and mustard should be used
sparingly. "Xjhey give a zest to the appe
tite, and are valuable stomachics. Rad
ishes are the same, but are indigestible,
and should not be- eaten by delicate per
sons.—London Express.
milk; mix cocoa to paste with a little or
* v e hot milk, stir into the remainder and
let come to a boil; add one teaspoonful
vanilla and to each pint allow two table
spoonfuls of strong coffee, three tea
spoonfuls sugar; serve with whipped
cream.
; There Is no reason why cottage cheese
should be confined to the cottage. In
fact, it is a pity to deprive people outside
of cottages of it. It is quite worth while
in a flat, or even a two-story. It uses
sour cream to good advantage and it
makes a first class salad.
Cheese Salad.
To one cupful cottage cheese add one ta
blespoonful grated onion, dash of paprika,
one tablespoonful melted butter; form into
small balls and serve on a bed of water
cress.
For the served lunch, for the picnic, for
the school basket, a substantial sandwich
is always in demand.
Neapolitan Sandwiches.
Cut Boston crown bread very thin, al3o
cut to same shape thin slices of whlto
bread; butter and spread on part of the
brown bread seasoned baked . beans,
mashed to a paste; place a layer of white
bread on this and spread with finely
minced chicken or- tongue, lay, another
slice of the, brown bread upon this and
arrange on a pretty dish. ¦' . ¦
THERE come times in the career of
every housekeeper when either the
novelties are exhausted or she Is ex
hausted with them. Many of them
are abnormal, forced sort of things; in
gredients mingled without rhyme or rea
son, much as the clashing colors of a
hat are mingled by a desperate milliner
seeking novelty where no novelty is left
except in combination.
Once in awhile the housekeeper, es
pecially the young one. wishes she knew
the best way of preparing the old things;
the roast of beef or the broiled lobster or
the cocoa. They can never be improved
upon— they can only be varied: and now
and then simplicity is the greatest variety
¦ that can be achieve*!.
It is at such times that these recipes
may come in handy. They don't pretend
to be new, but they are good.
Boast. of Beef.
Scar the beef on all sides Jn a frying
pan, then place in a roasting pan with
one cupful of water. Put In hot oven and
baste every fifteen minutes with the juice
seasoned with salt and pepper. When
nearly done place sliced cooked carrots in
the-pan to brown; serve on same platter
with beef.
The fresh ham, when it Is tender, is
altogether too delicious a meat to be ig
nored. It is good either boiled or roasted;
sharp seasoning is one of the secrets of
its successful preparation. . Don't attempt
to boil it without laying in a stock of
herbs in the first place. Here is an ex
cellent rule. . .
Boiled Leg of Pork.
Cover with boiling water a fresh ham,
adding a quarter cf a cup of salt, one
onion and one bunch of herbs. When
done score the rind and brown in hot
oven; serve on a bed of boiled kidney
beans, seasoned with salt, pepper and but
ter. Garnish with pickled walnut meats
and slip a paper frill over the bone.
The lobster is the rock upon j which
many a young housewife crashes, for it
requires skill to handle the creature.
There is a story of one bride who pur
chased a fine one, but when dinner time
came no lobster was to be seen.
"Where is the piece de resistance?" in
quired her husband, -crho had been led to
anticipate.
It was then that the tears flowed. . "I
couldn't touch it." sobbed she. "I rea'l
in the recipe book that I would have to
kill it first and I couldn't do that."
No recipe has ever been offered, how
ever, in which the lobster did not have to
be "killed. The best that can be done is
to propose the easy death of boiling
water, and if you are tenderhearted re
member that any lobster ought to die
happy if he knew how much pleasure his
death was to give.
Broiled Lobster.
Plunge the lobster in boiling hot water
to kill It. leave five minutes, remove and
Ejklit down the back; split the claws;
brush meat with butter and broil over hot
fire; sprinkle ¦with browned bread crumbs,
garnish with hardboiled egg and serve
with tartar sauce 'n lemon shell.
4
ENTREES
ROASTS
SALADS
DESSERTS
coon has within a long, much convoluted
Intestine filled with } pure fluid silk. The
gut "makers take such" wiyrms,-- snip off
both ends, then deftly draw out the, full
intestine, straighten; it, pass it '^through
sundry chemical solutions to cleanse and
strengthen It, and at last dry It and tie it
in bunches. ' s
The result is a filament several yards
long, <*trong, : fine, 'clastic and In water
nearly Invisible. " This is the gut leader
attached to- the end of a' braided line, to
hold the hook.
Silkworm gut is also useful in -surgery.
It' has possibly, the greatest "textile
strength proportioned to size- of any
known ligature. . . .. ,'
• Chemistry has found out a way to do In
tanks what the worm does in its stomach,
that is/ how to dissolve woody fiber into a
clear, ropy .liquid.' This Is spun by forc
ing it "through innumerable tiny; holes In
a brass cylinder.'., Then the: threads 1 are,
chemically treated, washed,- dried, ¦ hoi
pressed and ¦ variously tortured. The re
sult * is thread that iooks and ¦: feels ;¦ like
raw "silk, but' lacks the , strength of true*
silk. It is" used ; for woof k in many milla
with real silk.warp.— New ; York Sun.
At the present rate of the manufacture
of spools r and other articles the- immense
white- birch forests of Maine cannot last
many. years." Although ; the' birch forests
are extensive, 'the fact . that < seventeen .
spool mills and ; a large number . of ' so-;
called novelty mills U are • eating • up - .the
timber at the rate of from 35,000,000 to 40,
000.000 feet annually ; excites the apprehen
sion of foresters and manufacturers.^ -.;cther ;rcld band ring in close Imitation
cf the cne she had lost and gave it to her.
Ehe believed it was her own ring and her
joy on receiving it was pitiable.
Now poor Jane Swank sits with the sold
ring or. her finger, as she has done for
twenty-five years, and moans through
long days with vague thoughts of her
lover of twenty-five years ago fighting
vainly fcr a place in her poor demented
braln \* :; -.
Tht get a drink there, ana more than
one exhausted sand tracker owed his life
to its wet dirt. ' . . [
"Wells reached Lost Coyote well ; and
clept In a cave bowlder near by. That
juch he remembers quite distinctly, and
Sam Welch, who passed the place six days
later picked up ; his saddlebag there., It,
was some time next forenoon that We\ls
began to get as (hazy as the surrounding
atmosphere. He .was aiming for. 'Dobe
Water Hole, ten miles away, at the time,
it he never reached it.
Wells even now won't admit that he
.'as thirst-mad and out ' of his head; he
declares he simply lost his way and. was
trying to find the trail when the miracle
transpired that saved his life. says
he left the Lost Coyote well aH^right.
after ; half-filling his water bottle,- for,
scrape the ground as ¦ he .would, -he
couldn't -squeeze another -drop -of water
out of it. ' He also pitched away his'sad
dlebags there, :after stuffing 'the fremaln-
ing food Into his pockets.
All. sand* looks alike to the .thirst-mad
desert wanderer, and he'd leave trie safest
county, turnpike ever built if he v saw a^
mirage of .water a mile on either side 'of.
it. According to Wells' story, he tried his
mightiest f to husband his' water,' but it
gaveVut late in, the afternoon. Then he
did what racking • thirst will lure the
wisest desert^ tracker into doing — he left
the trail to try j and maka I a cool night
rush to the McKenzie Water Hole., It was
a desperate chance, and only a desperate ,
man would-, venture^ it.- It was . a; good
eight miles ; : off, the . trail, a : sixteen-mile*
tramp ¦ on , the desert, with a shadowy
chance of finding water. Sometimes there
Is water in the hole, and sometimes there
isn't. McKenzie," who was lost in the fall;
o'f : .'7S, found it. there and- saved his life.
Two. dried." sunbaked '• forms have 'been
found, beside the hole; since/ showing that
ail me^ haven't been as lucky ; as Mc-
bowlder to the shade of the next. Even
that, some times meant stumbling over, the
sands in the broiling' heat for several
miles. . It was a killing pace even when I
crawled, and I had to do that more than
once through sheer weakness.
"At 1 last, after a hand-to-hand tussle, I
managed .to reach a | bowlder ¦ and jj sink
gasping • > In Its shadow. Plain tuckered
out would have- been a siesta to' ; the.way
I felt. I felt simply that the next gasp
would wheeze out what little life was still
hanging to my blistered hide. ¦;
. "I guess I- must have taken a little nap,
-for when I came to I felt a' bit better. The
'; air felt cooler, and; somehow I seemed to
* sense 1 it that relief .was coming, though
for. the , life; of ; me I ;• couldn't tell -t rom
where. I had promised to call' on Jessie
: Shafter next :day and I felt certain that
I'd be able to keep my promise. Right in
the ! midst" of all 1 this cheerful v change I
looked up. and there was. a. figure in^ float
ing white 'draperies beckoning tome. - It
\The Navajo Indians who accompanied
Wells on their ponies told Billy Hinman
that, they found him lying asleep beside
the Savior Spring. . .They could see he
had been roughing it in a life struggle on
the desert and they let him alone till he
woke* up, when they grave him something
to eat.
As. for Jessie Shafter, she laughs when
ever Jim Wells addresses her as St. Jes
sie.- Not because she regards the matter
as a joke, for there is a half sad, half
mysterious ' light In her eyes all the time.
"With ' her acquaintances , she .won't even
discuss the matter. ' To an Intimate friend
she said that her whole mind had been set
on Jim's homecoming, because they were
to be married on Easter day, and she was
fearful he would meet with some accident
or" attempt some desperate • feat .in' his
rides about the Territory. 1 On the night he
was lost'In trying to. reach* the arroyo she
retired ¦ in ' an exceedingly nervous condi
tion.-. A strange foreboding of evil preyed
. "Oh. myi'-lt * we : never had any- mora
| trouble about , anything "else than we did *
about his bath we'd have cot along ea 37
enough."
under, and .so fast as he was ready for
them" the balloon - man' would pour down
those buckets of water on him.
"He and the balloon ascension man were
great friends, and the balloon man was
always ready to oblige the giant in this
way. He'd get feed buckets of water In
the car and then his helpers ' would let the
balloon up high enough above the groun.4
for. that, and then the giant would come
"Sometimes we found suitable rivers, or
streams larg^e enough for him. to bathe in.
and if .everything else failed the giant
could always get a shower bath, anyway.
"On the road it was almost as easy. If
the show was near a canal the giant
would- go before people were up in the
morning and take a bath In the lock. Wo
used to arrange with the lock keeper to
fill the lock, the same as he would to let
a boat through, and the giant would take
his bath,, and then they'd Just open 'the
gate in the usual way and s<> empty the
big bathtub.
"When the giant had finished his bath
he would open, a gate at the foot of the
tub. which was built as any tub would be.
with a slight incline, and the water ran
out into a dltcfi that we had dug for It
outside, and by this back Into the channel
of the stream. helow.
up over sheave wheels to a point inside
the house by the bathtub." When the giant
wanted to take a bath tie 'simply pulled
the rope and lifted the water gate, with
the result practically of diverting the
stream from its natural bed to a course
through the giant's bathtub. But it was
quite a stream and the water supply was
almost always ample. '
IN the RIehland County Infirmary, near
Mansfield, Ohio, sits a white faced wo
man, who seldom raises her eyes from
a heavy gold band ring on the third
finger of her left hand. For twenty-five
3 ears Jane Swank has never spoken a
tingle word to a human being.
All the light and joy went out of her
life when she was a young woman with
her heart beating tumultuously for its
I":rst sic at pcsslon. Her father hated her
lever. He bade her give up all thought
ui him. to promise never to see him again.
The girl refused and on her knees, with
tho tears coursing down her cheeks, beg-
K<>d her father to relent. The father flew
ir.tr. a fit of passion that h!s only daugh
ter should set his commands at deilance.
He picked u? a heavy cane and beat the
girl until Fhe lay insensible on the floor.
When she was found by some of her
roicrhlx.rs and cared for It was discov
ered that reafcon had fled. Since then she
hap been en inmate of hospitals and asy
lums.
Twenty-eight years ago the Swank fam
ily moved to Jackson Township, In Rich
*.and County, Ohio, from Pennsylvania
Part of the purpose of Jane's father In
moving west was to separate the girl from
the young man with whom she was very
much in love and whom the father hated.
The young man soon came out to Ohio
for a visit with ills sweetheart. Jane
promised to marry him and a date was
set for the wedding. The young man gave
Jane a heavy gold engagement ring and
then, with many avowals of love and
promises to be faithful, the two parted.
After her sweetheart had gone Jane
watched eagerly every day for his letters,
but none came, for her father intercepted
them. Finally r>ne night he demanded of
the girl to throw away her ring and to
promise to give up her lover. When she re
fused and wept the father beat her until
ehe lay unconscious at his feet. Th-»
neighbors heard of the tragedy and j a
lynching party was organized to hunt for
the elder Ev.-ank, but while he was hid
ing in the woods near his house during
a storm a nee fell on him and killed him.
The suitor to rhom Jane had been en
gaged hunted her up in the asylum in
which she was incarcerated and tried to
call her back to reason. But she did not '
know him, screamed when he came near
her. and he finally went away a heart
broken man.
The rrold ring was the only thing In
vhicn Jane took any pleasure. During a
fire- in the infirmary some years ago it
was lost and the poor woman procured a
piece of twine and wore that on her finger
instead. Some of the women iq Mans
field, knowing her stcry, bo*j~!i t, her ai:-
For Twenty -Five
Years She
Has Not Spoken a
Single Word.
bout his baths?" said the old circus
/L\ man. "Oh, dear me; that was as
Jt • simple and easy as could be."
"In the house that I told you
about, that the old man had built espe
cially for the slant, at our winter quar
ters we had a bathtub built in the base
ment,' the tub lieing In shape and propor
tions not unlike a long section of very
large sluice box. but. of course, very
much larger. The bathtub was supplied
with water .from a beautiful clear, stream
of considerable size that ran close by one
corner of the house. The only trouble
about the bathtub at all was to put it at
the right level, and, of course, that was
the work of a civil engineer. We sent to
the neighboring town and got out an en
gineer and he ran the levels for the bath
tub, and then we went ahead and built It.
"We connected It with the stream out
side by a pipe of suitable dimensions, with
a cutoff gate at the intake, this gate be
ing adequately weighted to carry It down
into place again after it had been raised.
It was lifted by means of a rope running
Wha t the Circus
Man Had
to Say About the
Giant's Baths.
A curious source of wealth is reported
by the French Consul at Mengtze. In up
per Tonkin. It lies in the wood mines.
The wood originally was a fine forest,
which the earth swallowed In some cata
clysm. Some of the trees are a yard to
diameter. 'They He In a slanting direc
tion and In sandy soils, which cover them
to a depth of about eight yards. Tho
wood furnished by these timber mines Is
Imperishable, and the Chinese gladly buy
it for coffins.
not an object, to break the dead, dreary
monotony, save here and there a bowlder
rising from the monotonous waste. Far
in the distance through the dancing haze
he could see the dark blue line of moun
tains. . Wells knew they were mountains,
but a stranger* mindful of the fleeting
lakes of water that danced out now and
then about the bowlders might have
thought that that dancing, dark blue line
was also but a mirage. -Any tenderfoot,
looking out over that dreary prospect,
would have thought he was in a fix where
the odds were all against his ever get
ting out alive. But Wells' had been oyer
the trail before and knew where the"
water holes and best cave bowlders were
located. The most toilsome and bother
some things to him were the heartbreak
ing tramp under the blistering sun and
the delay in reaching his sweetheart. Jes
sie was his beckoning star; the alluring
prize mat tempted him into this fool
hardy feat. Otherwise he would not have,
hesitated about turning back. But wltt
her ahead and eagerly waiting for him.
well, he wasn't the kind of a man to re
fuse ihe chance, especially when he had
a full water bottle left and a day's grub
in sight. So he stripped his crippled pony
of bridle and saddle and left him to shift
for himself. An hour later when. the sun
was. well down grade he flung his saddle
bifg and water bottle over his shoulder,
and headed for. the Lost Coyote well.
'Coyote was nothing but a patch of luke
warm moisture exuding from the clayey
sand. By careful' digging a thlr-^ man
Two hours later when he led his hob
bling pony into the shadow of a big
bowlder that gave him the semblance of
relief from the racking rays of the blis
tering sun, he realized that his situation
was serious- He looked out over the un-
For four hours he pounded along that
v sun-baked trail leading through a fur
nace, and then his pony went lame. ' He
saw the limp coming on, but he rode along
thinking it would wear off. Finally he lo
cated the soreness In a strained tendon,
but nothing he could do seemed to help
¦it, and he expressed In vehement lan
guage how foolish he had been to press
¦his cayuse over the last bit of rocky
country where the table land pitched off
into the desert.
Mr. Wells would have been safe enough
on . his ride back to Tombstone if he
hadn't hit on the idea of taking a short
cut across the neck of the desert and
thereby trying to get back to his sweet
heart on the Atkins place, near Tomb
stone, two days ahead of time. She knew
he was coming and was impatiently wait-
Ing for him. Perhaps the high pitch of
expectation had something to do with the
queer occurrence that followed. -Wells
knew the desert landmarks as well as any
"bad land settler," but there's something
mysterious about the ways of the desert,
as any old-time sand navigator will tell
you. It has a way at times of knocking
over old laws and signs and turning topsy
turvy the calculations of the most ex
perienced sand experts. And that's what
It did for Wells.
heat, and to save myself as much as pos
a Bible I skirmished, from the shade of one
gers. It was a fight against the killing
must keep pegging along the trail. But
he never reached it. The. sun came up!a
redhot ball of fire and caught him hunt
ing for it; ; ..
'.'"I was dying of thirst," he said, in re
counting, his experiences, "and I knew it
was only a question of a little while be
fore I'd go loco unless I could get "relief.
Talk about nerve. I tell you it takes all
a man's got when he finds himself in the
fight to save himself from going cr.azy.
Even my bones were baked in that savage
heat, but I admit it sent cold* shivers
down my back when I thought that if I
didn't keep the hardest kind .of a grip on
myself I'd go crazy for lack of a drink'
of-water.' •
. "After I left McKenzie's I knew my only'
chance was to tumble, sprawl and creep
some way to the next water hole, which
was the Arroyo Capltan. It isn't any. ar
royo, of course, but a little creek that
springs up In several places in the lava
and sinks again. It was a good sixteen
miles from where I was lying panting in
the shadow of a- bowlder, but I knew if I
could make that arroyo my fight for life
would be. as good as won. But sixteen
miles seems as big as six million when
your tongue's so swollen with thirst that
you have to gasp for breath, and every,
step seems like the last of the blind stag-
strength and sense enough to. know he
Wells says that when he found no water
there he turned back. , for he still i had
"Now cornea the curious part of my ex
perience. When I . woke up I was at
Savior Spring all right; but there wasn't
any blessed Jessie in sight; only three
dirty Navajo^Jndians. I made 'em bring
up their ponies and pack me over to Hln
mans station, where I g<}t a buckboard to
Atkins. Jessie was"- there, and she de
clared she had never left Atkins* place.
But I'll swear she met me out there In
the desert and guided me to the Savior
Spring. It was either Jessie or her spirit,
dead sure, and if that isn't a miracle I
don't know what it "is. That's why I'm
going to- call her St. Jessie."
was. the attitude and -garb of a saint or
angel, but the • face , was Jessie ; Shatter's,
and her blue eyes were full of pity and
her brown hair hung in ripples over her
shoulders, and her white hand beckoned
me on. - I seemed to walk, but 'she j just
floated by my side, and when . I asked
whither a voice softer than' silence said,
*To the .. Savior Spring.* Vaguely I re
membered having- heard of a spring ot
that name, but I could never, .have found
my way : to 'it unaided. Whenever I
stumbled I heard a rustle as of wings,
and there was that floating figure at my
side, ever beckoning me on. . At length I
heard- the indistinct gurgle of a tiny
spring and with a cry threw myself, face
downward, to parch my maddening thirst.
Still Jessie was at my side, but now the
look of pity in those deep blue eyes
changed to a smile. Then she bade me
lie down and sleep, and with a whispered
'Sweet Dreams' from St. Jessie I went
Into dreamland. .
THE prettiest Easter wedding | this
Lenten season will be . celebrated
down in Tombstone. Arizona. • It is
a romance that has its* beginning
in San Francisco, where James
Wells first met Miss Jessie Shatter, an
Arizona girl who was visiting friends in
this city. Not an exciting prelude to a
love story, but it has an interesting, pecu
liar finale that is puzzling Arizona people.
Was Jim Wells guided to the Savior
Spring by the supernatural appearance of
his sweetheart when he was perishing
of thirst on the Arizona desert, or was her
ligure merely a wild chimera- of his fev
ered brain?
That is the question the friends of Jim
Wells and Miss Shatter are asking now
that he is well on the road to health and
their marriage is on the calendar for
Easter day. * ' .
Wells' story of his adventure is a weird
one, and smacks as much of the super
. natural as anything in Pac or Hoffman.
He is well known in San Francisco,
where he is connected with several
wealthy families, but for several years
he has been in business in Southeastern
Arizona. Of late years certain prospect
holes he owned seemed to waken up in
the mining boom that has been sweep
ing over the Territory, and recently he
has been devoting more attention to their
development. It was while looking after
assessment work on one of them that he
tumbled on the abandoned Carib mines
and met with the adventure where he al
most lost his life and was saved only by
what he declares was "a real miracle."
and the saint who guided him was his
sweetheart, Jessie Shafter.
On one point, however, they are agreed,
namely, that Miss Jessie deserves to be
dubbed St. Jessie on. account of he* pure
goodness of heart, and this Easter they
are going to dance at the wedding of St.
Jessie. and Jim Wells.
¦ That's the story of Jim Wells* experi
ence-and that's the reason his friends are
asking each other: Was Jim guided to tb#»
Savior Spring by a vision of a saint or
was he plum loco and Just imagined that
he saw her? ¦
• She hastened to him and by the aid of
an unseen power guided him to a sprinsr.
Then she woke up , in a semi-hysterical
condition, "firmly believing she had had a
hideous nightmare. So overwrought was
she that she went into Mrs. Atkins' room,
woke her up and told her of the dreadful
dream she had had. 'Mrs. Atkins did her
best to comfort the girl, but the dream
had made such an impression on Jessie
that she could not go to sleep again that
night. She remained in this highly nervous
condition till Wells was driven up to the
house; in the buckboard of Billy Hinman.
oh, her mind, and try as she would sh»
could not shake It off. Later on she had
a vivid dream and saw Jim struggling
across the burning desert. He was mad
from thirst and heat.
THE SUNDAj: qALL;
PROJECTED HER LIVING SOUL TO
SAVE HER FROM THE BETROTHED
DESERT'S DOOM
5
broken landscape, swelling In a haze that
I seemed to be getting hotter ana hotter.
2Cot a blade of grass, not a sign of life.The wall doled out destruction to the
lines of soldiers, one by one. Behind this
vat a ditch filled with water, and from
the opposite side of the ditch rose the
earthworks, with the men in dirty gray
discharging their bayoneted muskets in
rain and smoke — and the flag waving over
*JI. The few men that were- ahead were
Ckupht fast in the first entanglement; but
There was a. commotion; riflemen
showed their heads and doubled their
fire: a Confederate flag was flung up high
above all. The. eight of this flag in an in
ttant made another man of Sergeant Fas
nacht. In his mind's eye he saw himself
the captor of the rebel flag. The idea
flashed upon him all in one confused mo
ment, and then took shape in a definite
determination. But as he ran round the
right of his company and sprang ahead
of the men he appeared only one among
a rnad group who were rushing straight
at an Invincible earth wall which had
promised their destruction.
The story of how Sergeant Fasnacht
captured a rebel flag at the Bloody Angle
Is one of the most exciting episodes of
the Civil War. The affair took place
¦while the advance force of the Union
army was moving through the wilderness
toward Richmond. Fasnacht was a ser
geant in Company A of the Ninety
ninth, and here is the exploit as related
by Carl Hbvey in "The Medal of Honor"
series in Everybody's Magazine: "**-.V
finger, against the trigger. The gun was
not loaded." The other saw him.
"Surrender!" panted Serereant Fasnacht.
The tall, man said, '.'Don't shoot. ,1 sur
render." The men with him made no mo
tion to fire. Doubtless their guns 1 were not.
loaded., The tall man reached out the flag
On its stick, which the ¦ sergeant, still
keeping his formidable musket cocked, let
fall at his feet.' He told the men of the
color. guard to .drop their arms, arid they."
did. so. vS . ... • ¦
"Get to the rear," continued he. In a
cool fashion; and as soon as the Confed
erates had passed around him and disap
peared he turned his attention to the cap
tured prize. It was old with service, in
scribed with the names of battles and the
title' of the" regiment — Second Louisiana
Tigers. The sergeant grinned In his good
humor. He was , delighted with himself
at that moment." Standing on the staff he
ripped the flag off and stuffed It away
under his loose blouse.
"You had better ; let me j have that,"
somebody said behind him. • Turning with
a jerk he saw the colonel of his regiment
some distance away, and, farther ; off ,
some . of his comrades coming through the
woods. He stared at the^ mounted officer
with a serious, gloomy face, and, as If the
movement were mechanical, continued. to
crowd the flag into his bosom.
"Keep it." said- the ; colonel, with a
lausf . ¦ ' . ; ; *
Although he could see nothing but the
glistenir.gr trunks of trees, he felt sure the
flag would not escape him, and he con
tinued for perhaps 150 yards at a stum
bling run. impatiently pushing aside
briary shrubs, breathlessly going on. Then
appeared in front of him through an arch
of the trees the color-bearer carrying his
flag. Five or six men, his color guard,
were just behind him. Fasnacht threw
his musket to his shoulder, 'pressing his
A section of the fighting came between
them. The man with the colors and the
soldiers, about him dropped inside the de
fenses and ran off. toward some woods.
Before Fasnacht could follow the smoke
and fog had hidden them. . Intent upon
his business of the day. the sergeant
avoided the bloody confusion here and set
off alone toward the woods, reasoning
that as there was an open gap on the
right of the Union battle line the color
bearer would try to escape on that side.
as they faltered, struggling, the mass of
the line crashed heavily against their
backs and pushed them through into the
ditch. Fasnacht felt himself hurled for
ward, had struck down the soldier di-.
rectly in front of him .with the butt of
his musket, and "found himself .standing
on top of the mound. The flag waai
only a few feet awaV . He rushed at the
color-bearer, a tall man, who was holding
the flag high; with outstretched arm he
yelled to him to surrender.
"How, odd it seenis to see you cross. I
shall be as snug and "happy as a house
wren.". They used to call me 'Jenny Wren'
when fl, was a girl.. .But"— flushing while
she laughed. in ;a shamefaced way that
; was very. bewitching— ,'.'I shall not be con
¦ tent," like priggish Jenny,- to" 'wear my rus
eet gown and never look too fine.* To_ take
.you into another secret I had a new white
frock : made .'all ::6n la-purpose' in New
'•York.' 'JL~ marvelous - 'confection' of cre-
: Tone and visage were expressive of such
discontent; that 1 she -laughed outright in
setting out the .white chessmen at her end
of the' board. .-: . •
.f."It does not accord with "my, ideas of
right and fitness , that you should tuck
yourself away in"a mere closet under the
eaves when • everybody else is . so luxuri
ously lodged." -..'¦¦ v-rJ>./
; His one suggestion was not offered until
the, tour of Inspection was concluded, anJ
th,ey:.were back.in. the library, -the until
now neglected chess board between them
"Don't try' to reconcile me to tne inev
itable, Cecil. I am well content with my
age, my world, and my life. And the
thought of/tho3e blessed children leaving
the gayeties of , Easter in the city to en
liven the existence of '-_ a , sober, settled
body like myself— coming, as Helen puts
it, 'a seven hours' journey into the wild
erners* to see me— is enough to make one in
love .-with human nature." Now" — putting
out' her hand to a bell rope— "I mean to
have all the rooms lighted and take you
frorr. the. bottom of the house to the top
to see— : and admire — my arrangements and
to suggest alterations."
¦ : "There will be just . a' dozenof.us, all
told. .Helen,. Margarita"; and Alexander
Glen, with ; Helen's • 'bright: particular'
friend,. Mr. Corwin (such, a I nice; fellow!).':
Then there are Belle and John ' Sanders '
and . Mary : Willis % and her most devoted
admirer, Mr. Elmendorf . That makes up
the New York contingent. From Albany,
there are Emma Van IWyck and Charley
Depue,' another ,¦; engaged, . couple. 7 Cupid
will have his hands full while they/are all
here. You and I are to chaperon the gay j
crew, nlay nronrietv and be make-wetehts
.Thus stood the list as rehearsed by Miss
Deborah to the rhythmical " tapping of the
jeweled pencil-case. .
On her way home Miss Deborah stopped
overnight ) in. Albany; to renew j her/ inti
macy with some cousins once removed.
Emma Van Wyck,. the fun-loving.daugh
ter of the . house, \ caught eagerly | at | the
novelidea of a gathering of the younger
members of the Glen clan in the manorial
homestead, and begged leave to bring, with
her. the young man she was to marry in
May. 1 ; . ¦ . ,".¦_¦ '¦-.;¦- "' i'
A clamor of protest drowned her voice.
Nothing would be, more fascinating. Eas
ter in town would be as dull as ditchwater
by comparison. The more the scheme was
pulled over and shaken about and held up
to ' the ' light, the moTe alluring it was "to
the blase fashionists. By the time Miss
Deborah left the hospitable abode one and
another had prayed tobe included in the
scheme, and all were positively, pledged to
alight at the Durham station on the even
ing of Saturday, April 6, and to remain
at Glenwood until Tuesday moAing.i /
-An oblong of moss in the center of
the table embedded the arbutus. rA clus
ter of the same was at each plate. A. knot
of the pale, sweet firstlings of the SDrins
She led the way, still talking fast, an
occasionalgasp that was foreign to her
manner separating now : sentences, - now
syllables.- : . . , .
' "I thought you were the carriages," she,,
said, looking around. • "I . se nt both of
them to the Station. to meet the 5:10 train
from New York.- A part of the New York
contingent Is coming in that. Before they
arrive you must come Into, the dining
room and see • how lovely your flowers ¦
have made the table." ¦' - .
They were standing under ;the hall
Chandelier. She wore the white "confec
tion," and it became- her rarely. Her
hair, dark and abui^int, with never a
trace of silver in it, was piled high, upon
the^small head and fastened with a jew
eled comb. A feverish glow .was in her
cheeks; her eyes gleamed and flashed;
she talked fast and animatedly. Her gala
attire and air of suppressed excitement
had a strange contrast in the profound
stillness of a house Mr. Dane had expect
ed to find reverberant, with merry voices.
He removed ; his overcoat, hung it on
the hatrack and sat down to pull off his
rubber gaiters in . the deliberate, method
ical fashion of a qellbate man of leisure.
Miss Deborah walked to the sidelights of
the door and peered out, a hand on each
side of her face. -
might have known I could depend upon
you! . I hope you have not taken cold.
Are your feet wet? 3 You would like to go
to your room at once, wouldn't you?"
¦ ¦ • ¦- ¦': ¦ ¦ • ¦.¦ •¦-•¦¦ ¦ ¦.-¦•
How Sergeant Fasnaetit Captared raimd <¦•.• HeW/Vfel^teel;
• Flag Even Agaiest His Owe Gommaoder,
THE FIGHT AT BLOODY ANGLE.
(The 2nd.)
Nothing could have been more graceful
said .the grateful eyes of his vis-a-vi3*
They lifted their glasses to one another
beamingly.
"More like' the Dreslen china shepherd
ana shepherdess than ever " said Mrs
Graham, in talking over the affair with
her husband. "And to think they ar« np
on the- same Bhelf at last,- and for *ood
and all! Was there ever a prettier Swter
Pastoral?" MMrfiMn
• "Mrs. Dane had expected" several youne
relatives to be with her this Easter" the
bridegroom^ observed, lightly, during the
meal. "They. were detained at home bv
grip and other casualties. We will drink
to their better health." m&
The servants and Mrs. Graham were
the witnesses of the -ceremony • In the
rose-scented drawing room. The rector
and his wife remained to the belated din
ner. Not, a lisp of telegrams and special
delivery letters shadowed the gentle hilar
ity of the feast.
Two more leaves had been taken from
the table when the house party sat down
to an 8 o'clock dinner. The mossy bank,
even . when shorn of the rose border, al
most encroached upon the plates of the
four' .revelers. . The trained servants
moved with noiseless alacrity about the
board, a j solemn gladness in their mien
they were too well-bred to express other
wise. • ,
-At ' half-past^ 6 tn « Glenwold carriage
had driven to the rectory, less than half
a mile from the Manor House, and Mr.
Dane leaped lightly out. At 7 the car-'
riage set down at Miss Deborah's door the
Rev.'. Mr. Graham, his wife and Cecil
Dane.
dropped her face upon their joined nan 43.
"And I believed they meant what they
said," she sobbed. "O Cecil, la nobody
true?"
indignant gesture, che moved look with
which he turned to her and held out both
hands, overcame the poor pretense of
stoicism which Miss Deborah had kept be.
tween him and her wounded sDirit. She
"Bad sore throat. Impossible to travel
in storm. Mr. Depue send3 regrets with
mine.""
Mr. Dane stooped down and thrust tho
telegrams Into the burning cinders. The
She flirted a couple of telesrams to hi*
feet. He picked them up, gravely courte
ous, and opened one.
"Afraid to set out lest we should be
Btorm-bound en route. Awfully sorry.
"MARGARITA SANDKRS."
The other was signed "Emma Van
Wyck."
nothing I might not nave expected. Read
those.
high, straight backs, and "neither .¦ occu
pant ever availed himself or herself of*
the prim support they offered. All sun;- • ¦.;'
rr.er lcrg. and of ten when • the weather
was cold, Miss Deborah wore white gowns,
muslin trimmed with delicate •/ han£
wrought embroidery or fine, soft, real lace |
that had descended to her along with th?
house, furniture and family jewelry. She
Gossips had grown tired speculating as
to "what mfclH come" cf h'.s regular vis
its to Miss Deborah. Lven rural gossip
w«-aiics of monotony cf diet and the re
lations of the two ikl friends had rone
on with the regularity of clockwork , and \
calendar for ten years, with neither varia
tion r.or rhadow of turning to the risht or
to the left. " '
Three times a week the shabby little
stfarr.er that pMc-d svory. other hour be
tween drowsy Rhynsart-on-the-Huds'.n
and the dead-and-alive hamlet sucked, S3
driftwood by an ede'v, toward the Dur
ham station at the foot ot the hill crowned
by tlk- Gleimoid House— carried the dap
per little gentleman to and from his
friend's home. If M'ss Deborah w«*re ab
sent for a day cr a week the ferry hands
found it out by his failura to take pas
sage with them. As methodical wa3 the
order of proceedings wUhln doors after
his arrival. On Tuesday evenings the two
played chess, in the library in winter, be
cause it was smaller than the drawing
room and more cosy; on cummer rights,
in the great parlor, where the windows
loclied upon" the river and the breeze had
more room to wander. On Fridays un
hour was given to backgammon, anothtr
hcur to reading-^loud. Miss Deborah was
the reader always, Mr. Dane'3 throat be
ing weak and his breach uncertain. She
had her own chair, he his, unless ther.i
were oiheis present. Both chairs had
Twenty-five years a{,-o Cecil Dane wa«
engaged to marry Katey Glen, Mtes De
bcrah's twin sister. After her death,
which occurred just a month before what
was to be their v.-eddinp day, the yours
clergyman went as a home missionary to
the Far West, and remained upon the
frontier, coming home but three times in
the interim, for fifteen years. He was
driven back to the East by ill health
threatening his life. When Western ma
laria—that curse in the blood. that baffles
time and drugs— was eliminated from ihe
system there remained a reminiscence of
overwork under unpropitious circum
stances in a chronic bronchial weakness
which forbade him to take a regular cure
of souls. He had a modest patrimony
that had supported him in the missionary
field without aid from ecclesiastical soci
eties,' and it rcficcd for his bachelor
wants when he took up his residence in'
the sleepy town of Rhynsart-on-the-Hud
son. directly across the river from Glen
wold, the ancestral abode of the sister of
his dead betrothed.
Mrs. Graham. Miss Deborah's neighbor
and the wife of the rector, used to say
that she never saw Mr. Dane and Miss
Glen together without being reminded of
a pair of Dresden china Mgures— shepherd
and shepherdess— and longing to set one
on each end of her mantel.
Her forty-fifth birthday v.-ould fall upon
Easter Sunday, now but five days off.
They proposed to celebrate it by a gath
ering of no mean sort. Miss Deborali was
not ashamed to tell her age. She was
wont to say that she valued every year
ehe had lived, and would not show disre
i-peet to one cf the forty odd.
The Rev. Cecil Dane— the straight." trim,
weil groomed gentleman to whom she was
telling her plans for the aforesaid ce'.e
braticn—was" 50 years cf age. His eyes
were clear; his ciean-s?haven face had the
fresh color of a healthy boy; his semi
clerical attire was invariably correct; his
hands and feet were small and shapely.
THE list cf guests lay on the tab^
before her. While she talked she
I tapped it v.-itU a gold pencil case.
J keeping time in a sort of happy
X rhythm with the music of her
thoughts. The gold pencil case had a dia
mond In the top that shot out tiny
sparkles, also in rfcyllnafc order. Upon
the third finjjer of the hand that beat the
happy tattoo was a larger diamond in an
old-fashioned setting. The perns were
heirlooms. So was ths furniture of the
room tn which the two friends sat — a long,
low apartment, the ceiling crossed by
oaken beams. The house itself was co!o
r.lal, having been built in 1710 b" Gerar
dus Glen, and had come down the di
rect line to Colonel Ten Eyck Glen, the
father of Miss Deborah Glen, the present
owner. She was the oily survivor of
eipht children bom under the venerab'.e
roof.
'generally," smiling with cordial .sisterll
ness into the kind blue eyes bent upon her.
A pink mist rolled gently over Mr.
Dane's face until it lost itself in the fair
hair that was growing thin on the top of
his head. It might well happen that a
well-preserved man of 53 would.be more
sensitive as to his age than an independ
ent spinster who had. voluntarily entered
the old-maid ranks at 35. .
Mis3. Deborah ran on, her joyous. ex
citement blinding her to the possibility of
jarring her friend's sensibilities. •
' "I pride myself upon the ingenuity that
has devised comfortable quarters for one
and all in this dear old rookery. You will
come over, on '. Saturday afternoon, pre
pared to stay until Tuesday 7" -
VWould that - be best?" demurred the
other. , "I had thought, instead, of offer
ing to take a couple of men home with me
Saturday night, engaging to return them
at breakfast time Sunday. To relieve the
pressure upon .the rookery and your in
genuity, you know. One of ray brotherly
prerogatives is -to be of service to you
whenever I'can. It is a privilege I seldom
enjoy." ' ,
/"You are mistaken there." She brought
the jeweled top of the pencil case down
upon- the table with a ringing rap. "You
are my Prime Minister, my Secretary of
State-^my everything that 'is. kind and
helpful. To nobody else would I confess
what an event in my quiet life this house
party -and on my birthday!— will be. 'It is
like renewing my youth to find that re
ally, young people, with the ball of society
at their feet, want to^come to see me; are
willing to take me info their charmed cir
cle and make me one -of themselves. It is
a beautiful thing to be young. A beauti
ful thirg," she repeated, -', musingly, a
tender smile upon lips that to-day had
taken on their youthful curves.
."Maturity, mellow, and sweet— an early
autumn; such as yours— is fairer, and
more enduring," said Mr. Dane, in gentle
sincerity. - . •
'had a pure, bell-Ilka voice, somewhat :
slender, but; never 'sharp, . and she. read,
as . welMnstructed ~ young . ladies were
'taught -to read-fifty years ago, in a gen-,
teel, ' unaffected way, ( with . just as much
and no. more emphasij' than they. wouM
use . in everyday conversation with their
social equals. . To be elocutionary was to
' be-theatrical and in poor tasted When the
reading was done they talked it, over, ex
changing views, and suggesting theories.-
There was also reading on Sunday even
ings, of a 'more serious cast." of courst.
and. longer, more discursive dialogue—d'a
logue that was' always brotherly, sister
ly and frankly friendly. Gossip would
have died a natural death in listening to
It.' The grave they never forgot held more
than the dust so precious to, both! Youth
ful dreams and hopes were there decently
Interred, without '! the sure ' and • certain
hope of resurrection that gilded the mem
ory of the -bclowed twin sister.,
At : the Christmas before the Easter
which is the date of my. dory. Miss Debc
rah'had paid a long visit (for her) to. th?
cvidow of her favorite- brother In . New
York.' Her pretty young nieces. Helen and
Margarita Glen,- had 'fallen in love with
the dainty spinster whom they had scarce
ly known until then, : aiid were moved by
her sprightly chat lot their common for
bears and their home to entreat that thev
might come to her before long and see Cli-i
enchanting old place 'or themselves.
"I dare you tplet us make up a house
party for you next Easter!"- bantered
¦ Helen. . ' • '. " .. ' , • . ¦-.'
"With all my heart," exclaimed the
aunt, flushing so rosily that she dropped
ten years from her real afre. By !he way,
Fhe never locked it, honestly, at her palest
• art! gravest. "I shall be 45 years old Eas
ter Sunday.' April 7th. It would be a ce'e
bration TTcrth talking about if you -would
come.. But: neither you "nor your friends
would venture into the. country at that
season..' I know, the, ways of "ily.> itt"~- i
fiies!" .. . . -
> . ' "': ¦ ~ ' ''¦"'•[
"Oh, Is it you?" she ejaculated. "Come
In! Come in! 1 hardly dared hope you
tvould risk crossing in this storm. Yet I
He was encased in an icy'sliell when, he
paused "for a long breath in the deep
porch 'of the colonial homestead. Every
window was aglow, every shutter was
wide open! Scarlet spears of light hurtled
against the angry lines of sleet and broke
into prismatic haloes upon the blackness
of the outer night. . The wind was shrill,
threatening, Insistent.
"A brutal night!" muttered the visitor,
taking off and shaking his mackintosh.
- Icy scales tinkled from it .upon the
flagged floor. As he. rang the bell some
thing white glanced across - the illumin
ated sidelights qt the door. Miss Deborah
stood in the doorway, a flood of perfumed
warmth flowing out ovef her.
pon and chiffon, and half-a-dozen other
French ons- that would be all Greek to
you. I "shall walk in silk attire and look
my very best; I cannot do the occasion
too much honor."
On Friday, afternoon Mr. Dane pleased
himself by sending to Glenwold a great
box of roses he had ordered from Albany,
and another that had been filled in Bos
ton with trailing -arbutus.
• "You forget nothing that could bring
happiness to your friends," said ths note
he received in . acknowledgment of the
gift. ."Do you .recollect -that Katey and
I always wore arbutus on Easter Sunday,
¦when there was a sprig to be had?
"The weather bureau predicts foul
weather for Easter. I refuse to believe it.
Yet what will that matter when my house
party is once safely within my doors?
The sunshine within will defy the windy
storm and tempest."
Saturday morning dawned under a veil
of drifting rain that stiffened into" slant
ing sleet /by 9 o'clock. At 4 in the after
noon the shabby ferry-boat tossed like a
chip upon waves that chopped and pitched
and foamed as in midocean. There were
but three passengers besides the trim lit
.tle gentleman who wore, a mackintosh
and carried a dress suit case as he stepped
ashore. Not a conveyance was in sight.
Nobody in his dry and sober senses would
be calling for a hack at the lonely land
ing overswept by the swirling waters and
as slippery as glass. Mr. Dane settled
his hat firmly down .to his ears. . where
the collar of his waterproof met it, and
prudently forebore to raise his umbrella.
The blast would have turned ft Inside out
and jerked it out. of his hand before it
was fairly unfurled.' ; ¦ ;
A heavy, portiere was drawn across the
door of ' the drawing-room. - Mr. Dana
pulled it aside. Miss Deborah sat in a
low chair atrone corner of the hearth, her
face buried in her hands. The slight rat
tle of a ring. upon the pole supporting the
portiere brought her to her feet. She
turned aside abruptly, but not until he
had seen that she was crying. He mada
a hurried step toward her.
"Deborah! "What is It?" :'¦'.-.' \Z
For a second she kept her back toward
him; her handkerchief brushed hastily at
her eyes." Then she wheeled about and
laughed — a forced, broken feint of merri
ment that cut at his-:.eart-strins:s.
"Nothing worth talking about; that is.
-. -. • ¦ ¦,„¦
The house, was- very 3UII. - Later arrivals
were doubtless busy with their toilets.
The door of the dining-room was closed,
and servants were bustling and talking on
the other side of it, making ready for the
banquet prepared for twelve, to which
eight would sit down. '¦'%; : "1
A single glorious ros*> was in an an
tique vase on his dressing-table. The odor
of others In the lower rooms wandered in
the halls and up the staircase down which
he ran as lightly as he had moved twenty
flve years ago.:
The storm was loo loud for him to hear
the returning carriages. By straining his
eara he fancied that he caught, while
dressing, tne sound of voices on the stairs
and in the corridors. Knowing, more of
the exceeding deceltfulness of human na
ture than the* sweet-hearted spinster
could ever learn, he was skeptical as to
the validity of the "regrests" she had ac
cepted in all --ood faith. He was g!ad to
think that Jenny Wren would have her
"party" in spite of the defection of the
disingenuous cuartet.
nestled in the laces of Mlsa Deborah's
corsage.- Roses, In harmonious shades of
pink, were the letting of the oval central
ornament. The Glen silver, cut glass and'
china glittered in rich profusion on buffet
and table. .
While - thanking Mr. Dane for his
praises of the fair array, Miss Deborah
seemed hardly to have heard them.
"The table was laid for twelve an hour
a°o" she went on. giving here a touch,
there a pull, to the rose-setting, with un
steady fingers. "The afternoon mail
brought two letters, both 'special deliver
ies ' Mary Willis' mother has taken 111
vesterday and her daughter cannot lea\ =»
her Of course. Mr. Elmendorf would not
come without her. Belle Sanders' sister
writes that both Belle and John are down
with the grip. It is a scourge in New
Tork just now. You'll think me weak and
silly, but it nearly brought the tears to be
obliged to take two leaves out of the table
and alter the disposition of the rooms.
Belle and May were to have my roomi.
It gives me no pleasure to move down Into
it from my cubby under the eaves."
"I can auite understand it. said Mr.
Dane, with real feeling. "Everything is
beautiful sUll. I am wicked enough to
wl«h that the absentees may know what
they are missing. But it would not be safe
for one with so much as a toucl* of grip
to be abroad to-night." he added, tact
fuJly.
She glanced up gratefully.- She had
drawn comfort from accent and loot,
more than from what he said.
. "Thank you." she said, in her gentlest
tone. "Now, wouldn't you like to go up
stairs? Tour valise has gone to your
room.
THE SUNDAY CALli.
6
MISS
DEBORAH'S
EASTER
HOUSE
PARTYmarried John Mitchell afterward, but
that didn't make any difference. "Oh.
Loulsa.iyou did not allow euch a dreadful
thing.".' said Lauretta, and she colored up
as if John Mitchell had kissed her instead
of Louisa. Louisa didn't like it very well,
"yes, I did, and I am going to marry John
if he asks me; and -I 'can't see as I've done
anything very dreadful," said she. ¦
."I- don't see how you could, Louisa,"
said Lauretta, and she still had that
shocked kind of look, and her face and
neck were red. ' Lauretta had the softest,
finest skin, and colored red as a rose in a
minute, and her blue eyes would widen
and grow round. I can see them now..
"You are too particular to live," said
Louisa. She told me afterward that she
didn't believe •¦ Lauretta was like other
girls. "I've seen her coming out of meet
ing actually hanging on mother's arm,
for fear somebody would ask to go home
with her," said Louisa. Louisa had ..al
ways a great many admirers, and did not
resort to subterfuges to keep them«at bay.
."Edward Adams would be glad to go
home with her, 1 guess." I said.
."He's just dying to," replied Louisa. '-'I
can see him hanging around every Sun
day night after meeting-, but he can't go
home with Lauretta unless he goes with
mother; too. I never saw a girl like
Lauretta: 't;aon't believe she ever will
get. married: She won't give anybody a
chance." - .' •
I felt sort of sorry for Edward Adams,
because he was a good fellow and real in
tiipate . with Joseph ¦ Greene, the man I
married three; years afterward. Joseph
used to tell me about how Edward felt.
"I never saw a man so used up as he is
over Lauretta," said he; "but she won't
look at him."
'.'She won't look at anybody elss, any
more," said I.
'. "No, that's seme comfort," said Joseph;
"but what is It, what has she got against
Edward?" vi* ¦ - -
'Tin sure I don't know," said I.
I told JoBeph I would try to talk to Lau
retta, and see if I could iind out what the
trouble was; and so I did, but I didn t
make out much. I got a sort of idea that
perhaps it wasn't so much because she
was prim as we had always thought, as
because she didn't really believe any
young man wanted her, or loved her as
much as her mother did, but I wasn t
sure that I v/as right.
•Well, time went on, and Louisa and i
were both married, though Lauretta was
older. ¦ She lived with her mother, and
clung to her just as tightly as ever. .Ed
ward Adams wasn't married either,
though he had paid attention to several.
He acted as if he had given up Lauretta.
Lauretta was 2S years old when the new
school teacher came to Ferrisville. She
was a beauty, and no mistake. I don t
know that she was any prettier than
Lauretta; but you could see her further,
and she came from the city, and knew
how to dress. Edward fro.ni the first
acted devoted to her. . He was on the
school committee, and so had a good ex
cuse to visit her school often; and he used
to walk home with her from meeting, and
take her sleigh riding, and Mrs. Lansing,
the woman where she boarded, said he
called on her real often. Folks began to
think It would be a match. That was the
winter when Lauretta's mother died, and
she was left all alone. Louisa couldn t
come to live with her, because her hus
band had his business in Morristown. and
couldn't leave; and Lauretta, though she
had enough to live on herself, couldn't af
ford to hire help. She settled down to live
alone, and it did seem real pitiful, she was
always such a timid little thing. For a
little while I used to go over and stay
all night with her; but, of course, I
couldn't keep- it up always. ' I said to Jo
seph that it was such a pity that she and
Edward hadn't got married, but he said
he guessed he'd got over it, that the new
school teacher suited him pretty well.
"I don't know," said I, "I've always
thought Edward Adams wasn't one to
shift about very easily from one to the
other; and Mrs. Lansing says he hasn't
been to call on the teacher quite so often
lately. I know he didn't go home with
her from meeting last Sunday night, and
I saw him looking at Lauretta, I don't,
believe but he has a good deal of feeling
for her, left alone the way she Is."
"More feeling than she would have for
him, I guess." said Joseph, rather grimly.
He was a little Inclined to be severe on
Lauretta; he had always thought so much
of Edward. "I guess Edv/ard is pretty
well eulted with the school teacher," he
said again: "and she's handsome as a pic
ture, a sight prettier than Lauretta."
,"I don't- know," said I, "and I don't
know about her being handsomer. You
men always think if a girl has blazing red
cheeks her beauty is settled. Lauretta
Is more delicate-looking, but it seems to
me she i3 much prettier."
"Not according to my way of think
ing," said Joseph. Joseph is a good man,
but he never trusts one woman's opinion
of another's beauty. / -, '
It was some three months after Lauret
ta's mother died, and the poor girl had
lived alone through one of the hardest
winters we had ever known— snowstorm
after snowstorm, and bitter cold— and she
did have a lonesome time of it. I went in
there all I could, but much of the time
it was too bad for me to T'alk. ' I lived
half a mile away, and we didn't keep a
horse, and it was before the electric cars
were put in.' S^HS^
little droop at the corners of her mouth
and her blue eyes seemed to be always
looking past you. though she was pret
tier than ever. Black was very becoming
to Lauretta.
It was Easter Sunday when that hap
pened which no one has ever been able to
explain. I. for one. have "never tried to.
It has. always seemed to me just as well
to leave some things unexplained. Easter
Sunday was a beautiful day. the first
real mild day we had had. The air. was
s=oft as June, the snow had gone except
for patches here and there, the trees be
gan to look green\and filmy, and once in
a while you could hear a. bird. I may as
T.-cll tell It just as It happened as Lauretta,
told it to me. That Easter Sunday when
Lauretta canie downstairs fn the morning
to build her kitchen" fire she noticed a
very strong, sweet fragrance all over the
house, and the could not imagine what It
was: hut when she opened the sitting
room door she saw. There, on the table,
stood a great pot of Easter lilies. The
lamp was on the table, and the Bible and
her sewing,- and the pot of Easter lilies
scenting the whole room and the whole
house.
She just stared at It. She did not know
what to think for a irinute. Then she
saw that the window was open — the win
dow close to the table — and she reasoned
it out that somebody must have opened
it and sot the pot of lilies Inside. Then
all at once it flashed upon her that Ed
ward Adams must have done it. for .its
owned a little greenhouse, though he Uttl
not sell flowers. Ho was in the Savins*
Pank. She was sure tnat Edward
did it. and I was too when she called ire
in and showed. me the flowers. I went to
church that Sunday, and had to pass her
house, and she stood in the doorway and
called roe. "Won't you come In just a
minute?" eald she; "there's time
enough." ;.
So I let Joseph fro on. and I -went In.
"What have you got here so sweet?" said
I, the minute I. stepped inside.
"Look here." said Lauretta, and she led
me into the sitting-repxn and pointed tJ
the pot of Hlies.
I had never seen such beautiful lilies. T
can't begin to tell fcow many blossoms
there wore, and lha quantity of buds, and
anything like the fragrance. "Why, who
sent them?" said I.
"I found them here this moraine" said
Lauretta.
"Why. who sent them?"
"Who do you suppose?" asked Lau
retta. > - •
We looked at each other, then I beean.
to iaugh. I remembered Edward Adams'
greenhouse. "I guess It dcosn't require a
very sharp w't to tell," said I. and Lau
retta colored beautifully, and I saw thac
she thought as I did.
"Don't tell anybody." said she. She put
her arms around me when she said that,
and hid ber face on mv shoulder.
"Don't you worry, dear child." said I,
and stroked her pretty light hair. Lau
retta was Older than I. but she always
seemed younger.
Well. I had to hurry out and catch up
with Joseph, but when I saw Lauretta
come into the church a little later. I
thought I had never seen her look so
pretty. Her long black veil swept back
from her fair hair, and her face was as
delicate as a lily, with just such clear
curves, and she moved with such a shy
grace that people turned to look at her —
and I didn't wonder. To my mlrul the
school teacher, in a new Easter hat all
covered with roses, was tawdry beside
her. and I once caught Edward Adams
Jookfng at Lauretta, and I had my own
opinion.
It was such a beautiful Sunday, full
moonlight, that Joseph and I went to
meeting in the evening, and Lauretta
was there. v When meeting was over I
expected that 'she would do what she
had always done whenever she had hap
pened to be at evening meeting since her
mother died— edge up to me and- cling to
me going out, as she used to do to her,
mother; but that night she did not. I
looked around for her, and never was so
astonished In my life. I could not believe
It was Lauretta. She was actually mov
ing in that gentle. Imperceptible, gliding
fashion of hers, close to Edward Adams,
and she actually moved on ahead of the
school teacher. The school teacher's
roses brushed Lauretta's black veil, they
were so close together. Then I heard
Lauretta say "Good evening, Mr. Adams,"
of her own accord, and I could not be
lieve my ears. And I could not believe
my eyes when the school teacher passed
me, walking very fast with Mrs. Lansing;
it turned out afterward that she had been
engaged to somebody in Boston all the
time* and never told: and Lauretta fol
lowed behind us, leaning on Edward
Adams* arm. • ¦ ;••"•¦
I looked around and nudged Joseph to
look. "Good Lord!" said he* so loudly
that I was afraid that tJiey would hear
him. and I had to hush him up.
Well, it wasn't a month before It was
all over the village that Edward Adams
and Lauretta, were engaged: and they
were married in the course of the sum
mer. Lauretta let her house and went to
live in Edward's. But that isn't the
strange r»art of It all. Lauretta did not
say much to Edward about the pot of
lilies for some little. time; she had a sort
of feeling since he had brought th*m so
secretly, as she supposed, that there was
something sacred about it, that she would
not even thank him. So all she did was
to say how beautiful the lilies were when
he came Into the room which was so sweet
with them: and he said yes, as well he
might. There never were such lilies. But
after a while, when the blossoms had all
faded and the buds had bloomed and died,
she wondered what to do with the plant,
so she said something to Edward about
it. She thanked him for sending it. and
asked If it would not be best for him to
take it back to his greenhouse' and keep
it over until another year. Then it trans
pired that Edward had never sent that
pot of Easter lilies; that he had none like
it; that the pot was unlike anything he
had ever had; that he had never seen the
plant until that Easter Sunday when he
came into Lauretta's slttine-room.
They never found cut where that great
pot of lilies came from. Edward tried to
keep the plant, but it died before the next
Easter. He questioned all the florists for
miles about, but none of them knew any
thing about it. No one knew, and no one
ever will know. We can surmis* and
nuesticn, but we shall never know. But
Copyright. 1901, by the National Press Agency.
V .AITR.ETTA was my third cousin on'
I ' -r .my mother's side. . She was a real
> ] pretty girl,.' one of the prettiest
X-iJi girls' that ever lived, I don't care
,;' • -¦ where,- but she was very prim: As
I. remember, her/ Lauretta' was about the
primmest girl I ever saw. All the village
; girls" were -modest and well behaved,! but
•Lauretta went a step ; beyond everybody:
she wouldn't do this and she wouldn't do
that/ and : she didn't act fairly natural
about beaus. 'When Lauretta was 18 years
old she had -never let a young man go
In about ¦ forty-ssten seconds from the
time the ..first note vras sounded thirty
cows were rushing hither and thither, bel
lowing like mad. Uncle Dudley was kicked
over and partially -disabled,, but 1 "by
crawling behind .the pump»he saved him-'
self/ The two milking boys managed to
get into the barn without suffering serious
injuries, and Pomeroy rushed for the fence..
Still the dog barked, still Aunt Prlsciila
and Mrs. Weldon screamed -nearly every-
thing they could think of at- such .short
notice, and ¦ still Sandy piped and yelled, .
until a big brindle -cow -with • horns that
were made for better things, crazed either
by the music, or the piper's costume, or
both, rushed at him, with her bead down
and her tail up. ; • . ¦¦,
* "Look out!" yelled Pomeroy from behind
the fence: but the warning was too late.",
The wailing ceased suddenly. The bag
pipe flew one way and the piper another.
He landed on. top of 'a small strawstack,
.where he remained, .more sober , than ¦ he
had been for years, until they had driven
the co-ws down the lane and rescued Uncle.
Dudley. ; Some . parts of the 'pipes were
found. ' . . - «
"Dave," said • the old man,; when- they
had helped him into the house; "don't ever
go'tryin' to be a leader. The happiest
peonle in the world are them that ain -
never heard of for what they've done.*
When a man gets to bein' great, the sad
dest days cf his life commences. You'll
find a lot In the books about the troubles
of Caesar and Cromwell, but not much
about any ; fun .they • ever . had, . I wish '¦¦
you'd write. a letter to the. fool editor, of ;'
that farm paper/ tellin' him. to stop' my';,
subsnriDtion rieht awav."-' - ;.* •/"_•¦ ''¦'-.'
¦ - . - . „ ¦
home with : her, - and I '. can - see her . face
now. when her sister Louisa. to Id her how
John Mitchell . had ¦ seen ¦ her , home from
ineetinz andkisised her eood-nieht. Louisa
"Well, poor ' Lauretta got along - some
how; .she. never complained, she was al
ways just h.3' sweet and meek and gentle:
but she grew thin ; and there was a sad
there is no doubt that those lilies have
sweetened Lauretta's whole life, for she
Mould never have married Edward Adams
had not some one set them on her table,
t
petticoat," he said, Tumln?'
to Sandy, "if you think it ,
would be best. Hadn't 'you . • j
better stay outside the fence? ¦ . ¦
Mebbe the cows would rather
have their first pipin' not too
close." s ¦' '
"No." said •' the 'piper, ¦who
staggered through the gate; . . •
"I'm eoin' to play 'n her», ;'¦¦?!_?;
or I -won't play 't all. I'll '¦
show you some pipin' that'll
niake you 'n' the cows think
of the bonnie brown hills far,
.far awa'."
"All ready, boys!" shouted ; " - ii>
Uncle Dudley, as he saf ; J|g
¦ down b«s!de old Spot. ."Go !¦ . igli
ahead, Sandy!" , .. >.:• ' . 4fc&
There was a long, low, t^S
plaintive wail from the pipes, C^
which gradually i became •
louder and assumed' the gen
eral characteristics of the '
noise produced by sev^n cats
on an empty shed. Aunt-
Priscllla and her sister look
ed -on- from a safe distance
behind the horse' barn, and • 1
a dog that had been decently
following a team down the ,¦
road came bounding into the
yard, barking furiously. Then,
Sandy, in the full: glory of h!a :,"hleland'.'
costume, began to stride In and out among
the cows, playing- for <5ear life, and occa
sionally whooping like an Indian.
',*¦•.••"¦ ' " ¦ '. ¦/': ' ¦- : '.;
Copyright. 1901, by the National rrees Agency,
BT S. E. KISER,
Author of "George's Maw and Paw," etc.
]T is not in Uncle Dudley Bostwick's
nature to take things merely as they
come. While reading in his farm Jour
nal one day his attention was claimed
by an item containing the information
that cows are especially fond of the music
of the bagpipe.
"By playing a bagpipe in the barnyard."
the writer explained, "cows* can be in
duced to give more milk than they would
otherwise, and they make less fuss about
it than when they are operated on in the
ordinary way. This is a fact that has
been demonstrated by science, and the
time is probably coming when every well
rejrulatpd dairy will have its corps of paid
pipers."
T'nele Dudley, who owns a profitable
dairy a short distance from the city, was
not slow to act.
Undo Dudley went to a Scotch clothing
Ftore in town the next day and found
v. here he could hire a p!per who was out
of a job.
"I dunno," the old man said after he
had taken a long look at Sandy, "whether
you'd best come with them kind of clothes
on or not. Did you ever meet a cow when
you was dressed that way?"
"Hoot, mon! Gang awa'." replied th»
piper, who was a native of Connecticut,
"grin I maun come this way, I won't come
at all."
He had once played the Laird In "Tril
by." but that was in happier days, before
Iiis thirst had become chronic. Now. the
"hlelacd" costume furnished by the clotn
lng company was the only suit he pos
sessed. His inclination to give it up was,
therefore, due to no inborn prejudice. '
"It ain't the bare less I'm thlnkin'
about specially," Uncle Dudley explained,
"but I thought mebby If you left off that
red petticoat and the shawl, i the cows
might give down better. It's all right,
though, if you can't play without 'em.
Come alonf. and we'll see how it works.
If this thing turns out proper, I'll prob
ably want to hire ' you by the month.
Couldn't you make It go all right with a
pair of them long golf stockin's on?"
The piper insisted that his costume was
ell it should be for the best results from
the pipes, nnd he arrived at the farm dur
ing- the next afternoon, when he was con
ducted through the sheds and barns by
Uncle Dudley.
"There," the old gentleman said, nod
ding at a barrel as they were passing
through the carriage-house, "is some of
the best hard cider in this county. Of
course. If you can't play as well without
the red petticoat, it's all right. Do they
take much to hard cider In Scotland 7"
"Well." replied the piper, forgetting his
dialect, "I never saw any over there."
Uncle Dudley explained how much sugar
and how many pounds of raisins were re-
quired to make a barrel of elder yield the
best results:, and then led the way to the
milking yard, where the piper was to ope
rate later in the day.
¦'I3o you have to have lees bare when
you're just learnln* the thing, too?" the
eld n'.r.n asked.
The piper explained that one might
learn it up to a certain point with trou
fotf on; and ether matters claiming Un
cle Dudley's attention, Sandy was then
left to amuse himself as he pleased. If
he had been watched he might have been
seen making frequent trips to the car
riajre house; but everybody about the
place was busy, and he therefore used his
long straw undisturbed.
Aunt Priscilla and her sister. Mrs. 'Wei.
don, who had been peeping around cor
ners at him without permitting them
selves to be seen thought Sandy remained
fa the vicinity of the cider barrel because
of a native modesty that he had not open-
Jy acknowledged.
"I sr'pose." said Uncle Jhidley's consort,
"he natchelly feels shy with his bare legs
around where he knows there's women. I
don't see why he can't put trousers on
when he ain't playin', though."
"Well," the other lady replied, "these
musicians are mostly eccentric one way
or another. You always hear of 'em
wearin' long hair or dressin' peculiar so
maybe this is just his way of bein' a
genius." *
Uncle Dudley had approached while
were discussing the subject, and he ex
plained that piping was an art that de-
Kianded bare knees. He had trustworthy
information to that effect, and scouted
h.s sister-in-law's theory.
"Seems kind of strange, though." Aunt
Priscilla said. "Pipers must have their
lungs in the same place other people have
ain't they?" •
Uncle Dudley didn't stop to discuss the
subject, but. ecing out to the carriage
house, he found Sandy sitting in the back
end of the spring wagon, with his bare
-!U S e own 
or course, said the old man "vou
know more about this pipln' than I rio
but if you think tm-KPre T rn ,.M* m >, < .
fere with yourtwi Vi * i° er '
icit wiLn >our p.ayln I could lend you
a pa!r Ju«t as well as not."
Sar.dy grunted and began to pipe mourn
fully. ' .
• "Or we could let you have a sheet or a
blanket, or something that would come
further down than the petticoat, If
that—"
The piper, emitted a blast that Uncle
Dudley interpreted as a sign of displeas
ure, and, returning to where the ladies
were, he said:
"¦\ye've cot to let him hare h!s own
way about this thing. It's wrong to in
terfere In professional matters a body
don't understand,' anyhow. I s'pose if we
hire him steady we'll get used to it In
time." . • .
The piper continued to imbibe hard elder
until mllklns time, when Uncle Dudley
found .him • leaning against the barnyard
gate, laughing softly to himself. Tho
c6ws were driven up from the pasture,
and Pomeroy and the boys he had to help
him got their pails ready for action.
' "I want to milk one of 'em myself,"
Uncle Dudley said, "so I can see just what
effect the music has. I guess I'll .take old
Spot, there. She's always been a hard
milker. -If she gives down ea3y tc-night
it'll be a sure sign that the plan works.
"We could etlll arrange about a blanket. or
a tablecloth or something to hide the red
THE. SUNDAY. CALL
LAUREATTA
7
UNCLE
DUDLEY'S
AIDS TO
PROGRESSShe was t flushed with pleasure at the
beautiful gift. She rested herself on her
elbow, the better to examine it. Not a
word! Why, what was this? At the
bottom of the gray bag was a card, a card
bearing the name of, William Brandon.
"This," he had written on it, "is the
Time- of- Remembrance; before all, the
time of new, beginnings "and of peace. I
send you this Easter offering in token of
my undying respect, admiration and af- .
fection for. you. I> beg of you do not 1
wound me -by refusing .its contents.—
Yours, W. B." . ,, \ ,
She hastily raised the upper half of tKa
egg, which, swinging back upon a silver
hinge, disclosed Several pieces of paper.
She # eagerly, snatched them from their
receptacle. They were her own I. O. U.'s
to Wiliiam Brandon. : -.•-"-.' *
For a moment she lay there ' staring" at
. She did hot open the package" until she
was left alone. The opening of the first
wrapper disclosed a square wooden box
Within the wooden box was a mass of
cotton/wool, then a leather case inclosed
in a bag of gray moleskin. \ Within the
case was an emu's egg, exquisitely mount
ed in silver to form a box.
"Now, who could have sent this?" she
cried. .' • ' .• '" .:;-.; •¦¦
Presently the woman who waited upon
her brought her her morning cup of choc
olate. "There is a parcel for you, Mrs.
Kesteven," she said, with the curious
familiarity which - obtains on the other
side of the Atlantic.
"A parcel? Oh!" ..
"I guess it is a present," said the
woman.
"Perhaps. I will tell you later on if
if is.'.' "
gone. But she had a lover left.' And then
her thoughts leaped straight away to
Jocelyn Musgrave, and she smiled the
happy and tender smile of a woman who
has given her heart in exchange for an
other.
The days went quickly by. It Is won
derful how hard work, continuous work,
makes" the hours fly, and before Mary
Kesteven had realized that nearly a fort
night had gone by since Brandon had re
ceived his answer, the time of remem
brance — Eastertide — was upon her.
She awoke on Easter day with a feeiing
that, ter all, life was good, that never
again would she know just what it was to
feel an Ishmaelite. Yes, life was very
good; and with this Easter all her trou
bles would drift Into the past, where
troubles may find a merciful end in
oblivion.
which to wind up things. So he wrote
to me, knowing that I am not starving:
on this side; he even went so far as to say
that I wrote from a wood address, and he
' does not feel Inclined to put himself per
sonally out of the way in order to^ meet
| my wishes. I did not tell "him • just' wh/
I wanted some of the money. It Is mine
and must be mine before, many, month.?
i are gone by. I . only said that I wanted
some money. ' He says . that if he were
to give it to me he wou'd only be giving
it to me out of his own bocket and at his
own inconvenience. And so I felt that I
must remain here either until I have made
enough for my purpose or until the tima
comes when mine can be kept no longer
from me." ¦ • ¦•
"Otherwise you would have been gone
: b .^ ls? : :¦¦¦:, , . ,.
"I see.- Well, I promised that you should
¦pay the money back, and, of course, I
cannot go- back, from .my word. I wish,"
"taking ' hold of her hand and looking at
her with a "wistful smile. "1 wish that you
•would ; let, me write it off as a bad ' debt.
It would be the best way of thanking me
that you could think of.",
"No,' I couldn't. It would welsh on my
conscience all my life. Why. should you?
What was I to you?"
"Well, you.were a great deal to me. You
were a 'woman that I admired— I don't
I mean the woman I loved, aDart from that
entirely another feeling altogether— you
;Werea woman that I admired, a woman ¦
with courage and t>luck, j real grit. Yo.i
, do ".not understand, perhaps • what a
pleasure, what an, honor it is for a man
like me, who has never known the want
.of money, to be able to help such a woman
as you are. I need not tell you that I am
disappointed. I won't bore you with my
¦ sensations. God bless youIYou are a good
woman. I hope the other, fellow will value
you as I ;would have dene."
He bent down and kissed. her hands,
then without another word i strode out of
the room,' closing the door softly behind
him. . ., ,-
For a long time Mary Kesteven sat still
and motionless just where he had left her. '
She drew her breath in long gasps. She
had been face to. face ' with love, with
pure love, true love, love in .which pas- '
sion took a secondary i place. She felt as
At; she had missed something,' as if some?
great good had gdne clean out of her life.
.Even : Jocelyn-had never., made her j feel
quitei as this man ;did. Ah, well, it was
; no use thinking, ; it " was no use worrying
or ¦; fretting. ; .-Her friend was • eone-^yes.
VI know," he said. "I know everything
you are jjoing to say."
¦ '"I 'am so sorry."
"Sorry, are you? ' Well, that is some' 1
thing. What is it? You are free now.
Don't you. like me?".. j .
. "Oh, yes, yes. You liftow I have everv
reason, every cause to do more than liko
you." . .. ' . ,
"But?" . .
.There was a lone pause.
"There- is somebodv else?"' he asked at
''last... ::¦ ' ,.-;.,-' •" '* ¦'¦ : "¦¦' "'. ; .,'..-•
,' .'.'Yes, there is somebody. else."
"Where is he? Why dc. you stay here?
Why doesn't he come? He is, in England,
of course?" . ¦":•';
4 "Yes." ' . .-. > ' :'. '¦
She. bent her head, looked at the; tins of
her fingers, theriaway at a stand of plants
on. the other side of the room." .
¦ "He cannot conie. It is impossible. He
Is in .the service." ' . ' *¦'. -
"And free?"
'-."Yes.".-. •• i "-• . . " ,[' .. ; \ "- .;.... .
"Then why do. you stay? Why did you
mislead me by. staying? Mrs." Kesteven, I.
have waited six months since I knew that
your husband had left you what money he
had." . I waited that you might have a
chance of going away, if you wanted . to
go, without paining you by having to re
fuse me." '
"You do not quite understand," she said.
"You have been so good to me. * You hav-j ¦
lent me money ,. you' kept me going, you
saved me from starvation.: I didn't want
to go away until. I had repaid you, Mr.
Brandon." ¦•- ¦ . : . ' \. .
Faugh! It's horrible to talk of ;
money, a | few j pounds between; a woman
[and a man who are friends— a woman and
a man. :¦ Oh, v Mrs. Kesteven/ I was able I
? to -do you j a t little service; . you' havo "
. thanked j me,- you have ; paid' me over and
over again.". ,\ * .-;. ¦ .. .
j "No, I have never. thanked you, never! "
And as for. the money,- that you. promised
me I should repay: vou." ". : "
"Yes, when you had made It. * I said , it *
to satisfy you. I said Jt to make you taka
. It, that was all." v , . • .
"Ye.s, 'but; you > said .it and vou must ¦
keep to it. I haven't mtde enoush yet,
and that's why I am staying." ' - . W '
/.'But your husband's money?' . ;. ..
- "No. ; .The English; law Is very strange—
or it seems so sometimes to those who do
not quite ¦ understand it. My brother-in-',
law; Sir George Kesteven," is : not obliged I
to pay ' me anything' from my . husband's 1
' estate until affairs : are I wound up, - and ¦ I <
believe every executor is given a year In
The . little i clock Ion the.- console '¦¦ had
scarcely . struck the hour > when Brandon
arrived. He came into the. room with swif;
and eager footsteps,' a j tall, •' slight, : dark •
eyed man, with that curious. look of over
breeding which is the heritage of most
true-born . Americans. . There was .'no
aoubt about Brandon's pedigree and the
stock of which he. had come. f. His, an
cestor was one of the forty-nine surviv
ors of | the : Mayflower, and . had come ' of
a sturdy Kentish stock. Generations of
life in the- most 'go-ahead country lnth-.j
world had done away with all the sturdy
stockiness of the [ original - Brandons, and
had left * in their place in - his , person the
typical well-born American -of to-day
He came swiftly across the room, hold
ing out both hands. '
'"Well," he said; almost breathlessly,
"what is my answer?!'- ... * ~ .-. ¦•"•'¦
Her eyes fell" before his. ¦.'¦• '¦ :
• ¦ ..... ¦-.-'¦.
It was 9 o'clock. in the evening. , Mary
Kesteven -was .waiting Jn her sitting
room for the coming; of her friend— her
j-riend and- benefactor. 5 '"•..; . ¦-•-. ' ; *
Of course, it was out of the question.
She would have to tell him. The letter
said that he was coming at 9 o'clock that
evening for an answer. Well, she mu.it
receive him"; she must be very kind, very—
Oh, what was' the. good of going over
what she must be? She milst break- it
to him as gently, as she coula; that there
was no hope; that she was not quite the
free woman he had thought her. " And
then she would not * probably see him
again until that little nest-egg,' to which
she ' added "¦ something ever" ' day, ha-1
grown large "enough to. pay back, in' me-e
coin but never in gratitude and • blesse-l
obligation, all that she owed him.
So all the time that she was working
to pay off that debt of Honor. which ex
isted between her and Willy Brandon,
Mary" Kesteven's thoughts were; always
on the . same .errand— were always ' thinn
ing, and cogitating, wondering and weary-
Ing for Jocelyn Musgrave.. .-'¦'•¦• . .
Then came the letter from Willy Bran
don asking her to give up this daily to 1
for a jnere pittance: asking her, now that
she was a free woman and a decent in
terval had elapsed since the death of
her husband, to ..look upon him in a dif
ferent light to- what she had done hith
erto, asking her to become his'. wife "and
share his 'millions.
She Worked harder than ever, and ai
though it brought her in money— tfo-i
money* which .would make her completely
free— her work was not such as to intei
est her or carry her out of herself. TherS
is nothing very exhilarating in polishing
the fingernails of a goddess; and most of
Mary Kesteven's clients were far from be
ing goddesses. There" is nothing satisfy
ing even in the most exquisitely scented
soap; while the powders and richest per
fumes, and hair washes, which were her
stcck in trade, were no, more than a
means to an end. They, did not interest
her in the very least. . •
bne was not ve-y happy at this time,
although her time' of penance had come
to an end. There was something in Bran
don's manner which made her uneasy;
there was something in Jocelyn Mu»
grave's letters. that made her heart pal
pitate every time that she thought abem*
him. It was nothing tangible, any more
than there was anything tangible in Bran
don's manner. She read his letters ove'
and over again. They were long, af
fectionate and kind; what was there that
made her so uneasy, that made her heart
so restless .,,and ofttimes like a piece of
molten lead within her breast? She could
not define it. and yet— and yet it was so.
She lay there for a long time, thinking,
wondering:, cogitating, but arriving at no
satisfactory conclusion. And then the
m £, , w S? 1^ brin Sl n S her several- letters
which had Just come by the post. There
was one from Sir George Kesteven, mak
ing a technical inquiry for the purpose of
probate. There was one from her sister,
married happily but poorly In the far
north of England, and there was one from
Jocelyn Musgrave.
"I feel," he said, "that you have soma
special reason for remaining so long in
New York after all necessity to do so has
been done away with. Dear little woman,
at first when Lascelles Keateven was
takeaway I fancied that we should go
straight back onto the old terms again—
that all impediment to our marriage was
removed. I did not like to put this very
plainly, because I have always been in the
habit of preserving a certain amount of
the conventionalities and the decencies of
life, but your continued absence has told
me, even better than the constrained lan
guage of your letters, that I have been
superseded. Well, dear little woman, this
makes my way more easy. I felt myself
all along bound in honor to you, but now
that more than six months have gone by
since you might reasonably have been ex
pected to return to England I may as well
confess to you that I am not the same
man who asked you to cut the knot of
your troubles by leaving Keateven for me.
I feel, therefore, that you will sympathize
with me when I tell you that I am going
' to be married next week ana that I am
under orders to go to South Africa within
a week of my marriage. This has been
rather hurriedly pushed on, first because
I did not feel myself free to speak on your
account", and therefore until a few days
ago the girl' to whom I am engaged had
no idea that I cared for her at all. You
will get this, -I have calculated, about
Easter day. I am going to be married on
Easter Tuesday. My fiancee's people live
a mile and a half from barracks. Be my
dear little woman once more, and send me
a line just to satisfy me that all Is right
on the morning of my marriage. Ever
your devoted and attached friend
"JOCELYN MUSGRAVE."
So that had come to an end. Her eyes
had* been full of tears when the maid had
put the letters into her hand. They were
not full of tears as she came to the end
of Jocelyn Musgrave's explanation Oh
no, no! In the few minutes occupied In
reading his letter the scales had fallen
from her eyes. She realized that had she
ever been in love, really in love, with
Jocelyn Musgrave she would not now be
wearing the mourning garments of Las
thL? S »Jit e hi eVel £* Wld 2 W - She
that neither nfl nor she had ever been
w y v> ! £ J? Ve », One^ ith ? not her. Her mind!
her heart, her thoughts were filled and
brimming over with William Brandon
Some words which she had been accus
tomed to hear Sunday after Sunday in
h J er _ old country home in England kervt
ringing through her brain-"I will arise
and go to my father. • • * I am no
more worthy to be called thy son."
Yes. she would arise. She would vn *i
J^to William Brandon: Ihl would sty
of Jh am v 01 to to«ch the latchet
of your shoe, but If- you want me take
them in bewildered amazement, profound
amazement, at the depth and purity of
this man's love. So he had sent her back
those pieces of paper; he had 3et her
free from all obligation to him that she
might lose no time in going back to her
own country and the man she loved. This
was love Indeed; true, pure, unselfish,
angelic love.
She fell back among her pillows, her
eyes full of tears, her mouth quivering.
"I have been on the wrong 1 track," sho
said to herself. "Not even Jocelyn loves
me like this. "What can I do? I can't
refuse them. I can't accept them. Oh,
if I were only free, I mean heart free,
that I might pay this man as he would
like to be paid. But, there, it's no use
thinking about that. Jocelyn is waiting
for me at home, wondering why I remain
out here. Shall I take advantage of this
last act of- generosity and go? What am
I to do? What ought I to do?"
Yes, how angry he was! How angry!
She smiled happily as her thoughts wen:
back over that last furious scene, when
she had resolutely put behind- her the
more than tempting prospect which hv
had spread out before her dazzled eyes.
Dear Jocelyn! Dear, straight, 'faithful,
good friend and lover! Oh, how could '
we fiive Willy Brandon one thought, one
"Dear little woman," it said, "I so mucn
rejoice to hear that you are at last free
It goes against the grain to speak ill of
the dead: but Lascelles, whom I knew
¦well lone before von evei saw him. was
an out-and-out brute, and it was harj
that you should have to suffer for his
brutality, as I know perfectly well you
have done. Thank goodness your path' is
cleared, and you will be able to shape
your life afresh. The news was received
here with characteristic comment.
E\*erybody feels the same as I do; and
though they do not all feel toward you
as I do, dear little woman, you have got
a warm corner and a big corner In the
heart of the old regiment, and none of th-*
fellows ever forget how good and sweet
end plucky you were, and how uncom
plainingly you bore the hard lot which
was yours. Of course, you won't stay in
New York now. I understand that La<
celles left a few hundreds a year, and
am glad that he had the decency to leave
it to you. You will come home, of course.
I would have come -out to see you.- but
as matters now stand in South Africa I
could not possibly get leave. You see,
we may be wanted at any moment, an<l
therefore it is not to be worked anyhow.
I know, dear, that you have had an aw
ful grind these last two or three years;
*-ut it Is all over now. You are youns,
and you have all the best part of your
life before you. I long to see you, to
look into your dear eyes that used to be
eo troubled and so amazed with all. thi
wickedness of life. What a time we will
have when we meet again! Think, dear.
It is more than three years since you
and I parted and you refused to take your
life into your own hands and cut with
one decisive * stroke the hateful shackles
•which bound you. Well, I was very an
gry With you then, but I am glad now'
that you were brave and kept, going un
til the daybreak. But, oh! dear little wo
man, I was so angry with you then."'
She took a thin folder of Russian leather
¦with her monogram stamped in one corner
from her pocket. It only contained a
photograph and three or four letters.
From among these she selected one bear
ing a date of seven months previously, it
was written in a handwriting that was
bold and free: there was a regimental
crest on the top of -the paper.
"It is of no use." said Mary Kesteven
to herself, as her hand once more fell to
her lap, "1 cannot, I cannot. He thinks
because I am a widow that I am free. I
am free in a way. This little circlet."
holding up her hand, "was binding once,
but it binds me no longer. He doesn't
know that I am waiting, waiting until
Jocelyn comes. He will be here now very
soon. I must read what his dear letter
says. Ah. it is more than six months
since I received it."
Presently she roused herself and read
the letter yet once again. It was manly,
frank, open, honest, breathing of love
such as any woman misrht be proud of.
It asked her, Mary Kesteven, to become
the wife of one of the richest men iu
America.
"It is of no use," she said to herself;
"it is the one thing I cannot do. I sup
pose I shall never make him understand.
It is natural, in a way, that he should
feel as he does; but, oh! how I wish he
felt any other way. He is so good, such
a brick, such a chum; he has 'been my
very salvation, and the one thing he asks
I cannot give."
I.
IN the cosy sitting room of an apart
ment house in New York a young
woman was sitting, thinking. Hlt
thoughts were bitter-sweet. In he:
hand she held an open letter, but sho
was not reading it; no, she rested her
head upon her hand, and her eyes wen;
looking through the wall, out of that
quiet room and over her past life.
Agency.)
(Copyright, 1301, by the National %Pres3
Well, nearly seven months" had gtme by.
She had not yet received one penny, from
Sir George Kesteven; she ; had not yet
saved nearly.' enough to- repay the money
which Willy Brandon had poured out lav
ishly and freely' at her feet, lit was,un
fortunate, for her, most unfortunate, for
two men entirely misunderstood the cause
of her lingering in New' York; "one, 'Wil
liam Brandon, millionaire, and the other
Jocelyn Musgrave, the lover who had once
asked her to brave the whole* world and
end her troubles by casting" in her lot
with his. She heard from 1 the- one and
she -saw the other continually. - " -
"'i ; ¦ ¦ - ¦ :¦•'¦¦ &' ¦
"You forget, dear old' boy," she said,
"that I am not a_ mere fine' lady now
adays. I am a woman of business, a
woman of . affairs; "I must .see matters
through here before I can venture to come
home and take up my happy, ¦ tree life
again. I^wish you ¦ could have come out
here to see me; it would have made you
understand better exactly jj how g 1 I am
placed. As it is, as soon as I am able I
shall leave America and go home.'' -*: ;^^Z
She did not explain the exact, state of
affairs in her subsequent letters to Jocelyn
Musgrave, because she was very proud
woman, and even of ¦ Jocelyn she would
not like to seem to be asking a favor, and
he might feel himself bound ¦ to offer to
lend her the money for the purpose . of
repaying Willy Brandon. ' So she simply
said in reply to. his letter that she would
not be able to. wind up her affairs in New
York for some few months. ;**f.*T?~<
**.t ter this Mary Kesteven felt that she
would rather die than ask the smallest
favor of her husband's brother. ¦-.-.
She had been a widow for seven months
now. Her first instinct on hearing the
news of her husband's death, and the fact
that he had shown some sense of his
shortcomings by leaving the will which
he had made at the time of their marriage
unrevoked, had been to. return with grate
ful "words and a full acknowledgment, of
her enormous obligation, the money which
Willy Brandon had advanced to set- her
up In the business by which she had been
making her living. Then she had received
from her brother-in-law, who had been
the trustee under Major Kesteven's wi.l.'
an intimation that no money could be or
would be advanced until his brother's af
fairs were completely wound up.' "That
will certainly not be for some months to
come." he wrote to her. Then added:: "I
am sorry if this inconveniences you, but
as you say you have had no money from
my brother since you parted, and you
write from an exceedingly -good address
In New York, I conclude that you are not
in need, actual need, of funds. You need
not be afraid but that I shali fulfill my
trust to the utmost farthing, but it would
complicate matters were . I to send you
money at the present juncture; it would,
indeed, | really be advancing it" out of my
own pocket, which, remembering my own
responsibilities, I am not able' or willing
to do." V " .;, ¦ „• •
It happened three "ears before this that
she had fled from her native country out
of the reach of her husband's iron hand,
¦when she had fallen upon very evil days,
and unless she had happened, as slie did,
to meet with Willy Brandon, she would
probably have starved in the streets of
New York. By sheer accident,' however,
she had been brought into contact with a
great millionaire. Nobody who knew
Willy Brandon, as he was affectionately
called by all sorts and conditions of peo
ple in all parts of the world, would have
been surprised had they known the chiv
alrous way in which he had taken up the
cause of the unfortunate girl who had
fled from her brutal husband. He had
given her no charity ..unless we call his
help— his timely help— by that name in the
higher sense of the word.
Well, six months had gone by. Death
had been merciful when it set her free
from the greatest brute that ever blasted
a woman's life.- Her first instinct had
fceen to sell up everything that she pos
sessed in New York and to go straight
back to her own country. But no, fate
came in and prevented any such end to
the story.
look, ¦while Jocelyn Musgrravt v»as Trait
ing at home, waiting: with the threads of
that old love story in his hand, ready for
her to take up and weave into a golden,
perfect romance? It was impossible!. It
was preposterous!
. . .- ' : ' - n •-•>.•¦.. .;•¦;-¦
THE STrsnAJY/^cXluL,.
II.
THE TIME OF REMEMBERANCE
8fl 57 UNTING wild animals on a loco
n. motive instead of on horseback is
a novel form* of the . chase that
¦would even offer some hew kinds
of thrills to Vice President Roosevelt..
In the province* of Minas Geraes, a
mining region in Brazil, a hunt was con
ducted not long ago with the hunters rid
ing on a locomotive. The chase was after
gazelles, which were almost as fleet as
the lumbering locomotive that pursued
them. Only two gazelles were killed, but
the hunters had a much more exciting
experience . than they . had ever, had m
hunting in the ordinary manner.
One of the great amusements of the
Geraes region is the hunting of
antelopes in the extensive forests which
cover that section of Brazil. The hors-s
used, however, are of the small, degener
ate Brazilian, breed that are about as fast
as the ordinary street car horse and have
about as much ability to run down a-fleej
footed antelope as a grizzly bear has to
capture a cyclone.
For, that reason the antelopes', around
the mines had grown to be quite bold, and
often ' appeared near the railroad trade
and deSed every effort; of -the hunters t.-.
kill them.' "When they were pursued they
were in the habit of turning and running
straight down the , railroad track, 6n ¦ the
level surface- of -which they could attain
their highest -speed, and soon leave the
hunters, horses and mules far behind.
¦ While discussing the matter, one day at
the mines it was proposed that as the an
| telopes - when : pursued generally ; ran
straight down the railroad track, itwou.'l
be a good ; idea • to pursue them with ¦ th'-j
mine locomotive. '•' It was decided to haVo
the miners beat through the forest on the
morning, of the following.. Sunday and
drive as many of the antelopes as possi
bis toward "the tracks.' The locomotlvo
was .to run down the track at'daybreak
and - go in hot pursuit of every gazelle
that was foolish enough to continueKs
flight down the railroad track instead of
diving into the forest, a place where the
locomotive, for certain reasons of its own,
refused to follow them. - - •.
On the morning of the. hunt the engine,
with five hunters on the cowcatcher and
tender, steamed slowly down the track
until two gazelles were sighted. The en
gineer crowded. on as much steam as.pos
sible. The engine did not have'a full head
of steam on and the limit of speedcouM
not be reached. A fine . pairj'. of gazellts
we're on the track -in front of the engine,
but they kept } a good lead, and after a
chase of six miles nimbly turned aside
and disappeared. in the forest. '¦-.., :
A few miles further on three gazelles
were found, but they also- kept well 'in
front of the pursuing; locomotive and out
of rifle shot,'; and after a longchase' they
also decided . to : gp into the' forest.. ) ¦•
-By the time, the next pazelles were
lound the fireman had got a good head of
steam on the - engine, andO the ¦ englnec*
cracked on full speed and gained • rapidly
oiv the' fleeing quarry", and soon was bump
ing along [not; thirty, ' yards . behind ' the
antelopes. But .the great - speed-, on ' . tho
lumbering, old locomotive made . it pound
around like a ship in a gale. The hunte -s
could hardly hang on with both' hands,
let 'alone aim and : l1re.j _ : * .
- The engineer . slackened the speed some
what and the;; engine ran ¦_ a. trifle' moi a
Bmbthly. ¦.' The hunters hung on • with one
hand, while 7 they raised "their rifles' tj
their shoulders with the other, . Five shut3
rang out simultaneously,'- but the'gasellis
only .waggled thelr_ bobtails in"a'provok
ing manner, and turning aside, sought tho
seclusion of the woods. . ' , •
* The' hunters "' were almost discouraged
and at the end of the line they received
any [ amount of guying ' from . the miners
assembled there. This resolved them to'
make another trip on the locomotive and
try again." ' '•¦' ' , v"'- 1 ; ;•'.*:
After going a few miles four more ante
lcpes were found. The«engine raced along
at the highest notch of speed, and after
gettiner about twenty . yards , from ...the
quarry slowed down so - as not to bound
so much. All of the hunters fired at once
and one "gazelle was seen to jstagger, al
though it continued running in' the center
of the track.' ' : "
Another danger, presented Itself to tho
hunters.. If' the gazelle was to tumble
over ' the rails the engine was \ sure " to be
wrecked, as It was going at- almost -fuil
speed and could not be ' stopped short of
several hundred t yards. 'But just as the
engine -was close behind the wounded an
telope and the hunters were, about ready
to jump, the gazelle turned and stumbled
from the ; track and : died- six feet from
the rails. -/^
•;. Further " on the engineer " again . put the
hunters .within good rifle shot of thegame
and as> the j antelopes, left the 'track- for
the timber :: one "of their.' number fell;
pierced by two 'bullets fired by the hunt:
ers. This 'was all the game, secured, but
the .sportsmen "were salisSed.''; But -the
superintendent ; of. the 7 mine decided that
hunting antelopes with a locomotive was
a more : expensive ; and ¦ dangerous • pastime
than he' cared" to have^ his engines en
gaged' in, and so' he i put a. ban /on th}
sport,' ' • .". ' , .;¦' .' ¦ >".
£$ild- Jfrntelope jfunt on a £ocomottve in graziL
Put ©it Flail- -Head of Steam and , Chased, the; Aimimals
Uotfll They Came Withie ,- : 'Shooting; Dflstaimee.
THE origin of giving Easter eggs is
obscure. One theory is that the egg,
being emblematic of the beginning
of all things, was a fitting syno
nymy of the resurrection — the dawn
of a new life to mortals.
The egg is the germ of fecundity an«l
abundance, so with the gift of a decorated
Caster egg we symbolically wish a
friend all the happy fulfillment of life's
expectances, contained in the fragilo
shell— the one. aias! as easily and sudden
ly shattered as the other. ~--".-f*.
About the fourth century eggs were
prohibited by the church as a Lenten
diet. and. being more plentiful in th-i
spring than at any other time, there was
'such an accumulation at the end ot the
forty days that peasant and epicure wer«J
alike puzzled to contrive a way to dis
pose of them without loss. It Is sa'..1
some inventive mother converted them
into playthings for her children: henc3
the custom of boiling and coloring them.
The Easter egg. born of economy, has ev
oluted during the centuries till 1901 finds
It often a thing of extravagance and price.
Paris— ever in excess*, be it pleasure, mis
ery or iavlshness— a few years . ago con -
ceived and executed a most beautiful
Easter offering for the Infanta of Spain.
Y. T ithln a delicate white porcelain shell
engraved with the gospel for Easter
nestled a tiny bird, which, upon tho
pressure of a cunningly devised spring,
came forth and sang twelve airs from
a3 many fashionable operas. This in
genious toy cost France 20,000 francs.
A French parent, presenting a scarlet
dyed Easter egg to a child, told him it
was a gift from Rome and bore the color
of the Cardinal's robe.
In those superstitious years English
and Irish nurses were careful to see that
their charges, after eating an egg, pushed
a. spoon through the shell . to prevent
witches from converting It into a boat. 7. '.
In France the same custom prevailed
In order to prevent magic or the black
art. It was declared that cabalistic char :
acters were often found on the inside of
egg fclaells, written by evil spirits. La
the same country trie largest and most
p ;rfect shaped eggs were h!ghly decorat
ed for offerings to the King.
On Easter morning at the conclusion of
mass lackeys brought pyramids of gilded
eggs to the palace and. after being bless
ed by the priests, they were distributed
to persons about the court. In some
parts of France it is still the custom for
priests to visit their parishioners aivl
bestow blessings, receiving in return
Easter eggs. - y : [i-A
Eggs are material, as well as poetical.
A French chef has Written a book on the
different, ways of preparing eggs for tlw
table.
They tempt the appetite of the rich,
replenish the blood cf the laborers, and.
hidden away by the farmer's wife and
daughter till a goodly number are gath
ered, are exchanged ''for many accessories
to their wardrobes.
How often have the eggs of the sea
bird kept shipwrecked ones from starv
ing!
Who has riot been Impressed with tha
pathos of the . passage of French hlstorv
-in: which we are- told that Marie An-.
tolnette, on one occasion when' a pris
oner, "to keep up an appearance of cou •*
age before her children, too.; two fresti
eggs from the' food set before them?"
From Germany— rich in weird tradi
tions—comes the quaint conceit that the
week before Easter rabbits are endowed
with the power to lay eggs. Young chil
dren, believing ti.e fantasy, watch in the
fields . for- rabbits, and when the startlt-l
creatures, seeing them, run, follow in
their track, . shouting "the nattering en
treaty, "Go, pretty rabbit, sweet rabbit,
and lay me a nest cf red Easter eggs."
In solid comfort-loving but thrifty and
prufent Germany the Easter, eggs for
sale in shop windows, though often nov<»i
in device and brilliant in coloring, rare.y
exceed in price two or. three gulden.
In Italy the peasants rejoiced in the be
lief that during- the chiming of the" bells
on Easter ' morning : angels with ? azure
wings descended ; and placed baskets of
colored eggs' in the homes, of the faithful.
Champion Small Writer
off World Has. Retired.
OILA KITTREDGE of Belfast,
champion small writer of tho
ii world, has retired from the field.
leaving his record of 46,000 words
written with a common steel pen on an
ordinary postal card for ambitious micro
scopic penmen to equal or beat. Up to
two years ago he wrote a great deal, but
now, being within a /ew months of 80,
he has given up the laborious practice of
writing volumes upon small cards, his
hand- being less steady and hl3 eya lesa
bright than in his best days.
Mr. Kittredge has long been famous for
his penmanship. ' He is a Vermonter by
birth. . His practice of miniature chlrog
raphy began early in* life and many
a time he has gone without dinner rather
than leave unfinished a piece of work.
His first serious competitive effort was
made in 1887, when some one sent to the
Belfast Journal a postal card upon which
600 words had been crowded, and defied
any one to beat it. A few day3 afterward
Kittredge handed in a postal card upon
which he had written 1000 words, and this
being beaten he produced one with 3000
words.
The . 3000- word postal card ended the
competition, but Mr. Kittredge kept on
crowding his letters and words Into still
smaller space, turning out in succession
cards .bearing 6000, 10,000 and 20,000 words.
His finest work was done In 1SS3, when he
wrote 46,000 words upon an ordinary
postal card, and the entire text of the
New Testament, about 181,000 words, upon
four postal cards.
He has written several Presidential in
augural addresses upon postal cards and
has always considered It easy to write the
Lord's prayer eight times within the
space covered by a five-cent nickeL Ha
wrote one of Gladstone's speeches upon a
postal card and sent it to the statesman,
who wrote a letter in reply, thanking Mr.
Kittredge and praising his skill..
Mr. Kittredge never used any magnify
ing glasses or other aids. He has always
worn a pair of ordinary spectacles, such
as most elderly men use, and all his
writing has been done with an ordinary
steel pen and common black ink. He has
competed with many would-be champions
who have used magnifying glasses and
sharp-pointed hard lead pencils, and he
has Tasily beaten them all, in spite of
their advantage in the matter of equip
ment.
His writing Is distinguished by Its
beauty and the artistic arrangement and
uniformity of the letters. Each letter 13
separate and distinct. • and some framed
specimens were ¦ shown at the Paris Ex
position. He says that his eyes naturally
magnify.
ueaux and sold in London for three hun
dred guineas to a traveler was exhibited
as a great mystery, for it bore on the
shell in plain white letters an Inscription
in French, which, translated, read, "Na
poleon Bonaparte will reascend the throne
of France November 15. ISIS." Since the
art of lettering eggs with chemicals has
become generally known the .mystery Is
lost in the presumption that it was the
work of some ingenious Yankee.
To-day In America Easter is exten
sively observed by the exchange of elab
orate cards and gifts and a labored dis
play of Easter finery. Who would brave
criticism and go to church and take part
in the Resurrection praise service of one
who suffered so many, many years ago,
and Is so far. off, in hats and dresses worn
through the winter?
The, grounds of the White House In
Washington are gay on Easter morning
with children, who assemble to roll eggs
down a terrace.
For children whose parents can afford
to buy them there ore innumerable beau
tiful "novelties, while the mother with
small means and abundance of love can,
as in times gone by, purchase a few
cents' worth of colored calico or dye and
boil the eggs till they are so brightly
colored that the sight of them, on Easter
morn will give her children an equal
pleasure with the children of the rich.
¦ The . varied Imagery in the Easter dis
play is a study. From the small end of
crystallized sugar shells wreathed in flow
ers one sees a miniature landscape or
ships, all sails set, .resting on tiny blue
oceans. Looking into an imported affair
of ostrichlike dimensions we have before
us a group of Alpine peasants clothed In
red,^purple and .orange, celebrating an
EasteV festival on the < village green.
In imitation of real "eggs are what are
known as filled eggs, which, opening in
the middle, disclose a shepherd guard
ing his flock or a fairylike bower, where
lovers are . apparently exchanging vows
of eternal constancy. Unconscious su
gared irony! Are not lovers' vows, like
the shell of an egg, easily, broken?
One might describe indefinitely the
Easter offerings for sale in the stores of
our own city. Mythology nor the "Arab-
Ian' Nights" entertainment has not,re
corded such wonderful results as the pro
ductions of mortal man to commemorate
the Resurrection. .Even, the moon is re
membered and the face of the mysterious
man who Inhabits It beams a saccharine
smile on the throngs at the windows. .
"The egg la Indeed the beginning of all
thingal What child has not delighted. ia
and ; remembered always the rhymes of
which. the egg Is the theme, and laughed
at J the : predicament • of Hurnpty Dumpty
or rejoiced with the old owner of the
black hen who laid' eggs for gentlemen? '
¦ • Easter is essentially the children's day.
God bless them as they carry their Easter
"Offerings down the aisle of the church to
lay : them at ftie foot of the cross. You
who .-' are above want remember in
dark, :eheerle»3 tenement? 'are !• poorly
nourished little children with pale faces,
"whose preternaturaily large eyes would
fill 'with tears of joyful surprise -if they
opened 'on Easter morning- to find a pretty
basket^of colored eggs : had been placed
before them . during the' night; ia some
mysterious manner. It Is *in your power
to give this pleasure. Let your children
help you In this work," and your gifts to
themselves will have a greater value.
Remember this, and when, clothed in.
Easter garments, you" sit on the. soft
cushions ot some fashionable church and
listen to the glorious faster music, with,
the Easter sun of 1901 streaming down
lipon you through stained glass window3
as you echo the refrain of the trained
choir, "He Is Risen, Indeed," the "peace
that passeth all understanding 1 ' will glide
Into your hearts and remain with you
long after the Easter music Is forgotten
and the Easter flowers ore dead. •-.",
EMMA NORTON.
The Duke and, the Prlnceas accepted th?
decree of fate arid graciously received th*
• good, wishes of the rustics. ," ¦ ,^ , . Y-
In -'Moscow gifts areT exchanged n3 with :
us'at Christmas, and the, streets are
¦filled with children 'Singing Easter ¦ an
thems and bearing , gifts to friends- and
i relatives// _""¦'.• 1-. ¦ : '¦'. -..' ..•¦'¦¦*-.•'..'"',"•'..•.
:' -The Swiss mountains': and valleys ra
.. sound with Tyrolean airs as the gay Ty
folese in picturesque, attire, with zither*
adorned with! ribbons anu gtirland3 go ;
from house -.to house serenading, belrs
rewardedby presents of eggs. ".• ; ,
In all: lands andin all ages, the' egg has
been the subject: of myths. and legends. '[
: The gypsy fortune teller, bade the seek
ers of futurity- break" an egg. in a cup
;of. boiling water and in the' shape it as
,/sumed traced- a life." •; • . .-.'
A - legend : of mythology asserts that
•Helen of Troy, Pollux. Castor and Cly
.temnestra originated; from an egg pro-'
duced >by, an uncanny' bird. - 'fj
The Finns believe that a mystic bird
left an egg in the lap of the god Vaimai
mon, who, after hatching it in his bosom,
let it fall into the water. As it broke
the lower portion formed the earth, the
upper the sky, the white the sun, the yolk
the moon and the fragments . of .' broken
shell became the stars. '
The Persians gave each other eggs on
tho first day of the year.
With the Romans as with, the Franks
under the Capets the year began' at;
Easter.- .'¦[ : f'::^ : ?ir$>~A .'-
Tlie repast of the Romans Invariably
began with the eating of an egg, and
with the breaking of the shell they ex
claimed. "From the egg e'en unto the
apples!"
Among the carefully cherished relics of
Columbus is a painting of the discoverer
at a banquet where the flow of wine had
freed the "nonsense now and then rel
ished by the best of men,", challenging his
associates to balance an "egg, which feat
ho himself accomplished by. Improvising
a level surface on which the egg rests
perpendicularly.
At Boston", in the year 1819 an egg
claimed to have been found near Eor-
After ? church it was .' customary ' for
. neighbors to meet and" mat<vi eggs. .;"• One
little vi!!age-has'n legend that an evil
spirit once placed an eqs II. abasket from
whlon two lovein were, matching eggs;' .
that. the egg in the glri's.hand brcke sud
denly ; a", toad jumped f pom it to . the", lire,
thence to the [bed carrying live.coais on *
its back, thus setting fire to the house and :
destroying it.* The shock caused the girl -
- to lose. her mind and her lover to die of
a broken -heart. .',••. :' ; ", -V
. From Austria ;/we have- the sweet; story"
.., of ¦ the '.love ',-pf the " Princess Marguerite
who" had loft, the court for a retired cha-.
. teau.-.to;-par.s ..the- Lenten. .season , ; In fast- i
. ;"¦ t ng ; ahdi prayer. , £ J^.orn '. her " .window en
: s«^?lTv-atchins.t^e peas- .
"ants ; : preparing '-'»', rnake, attest of lovei
1 ' lecprdifig to . theif Jpre-tty Easter custom. ->
•¦¦-A 'portion of green -sward was covered,
¦'—-vith eggs: a .biushlftg' hiss and an ex- ;
, jectant- laddie 'anxious to. wed would,
¦ : ;alut3, "join hands,'; and ... softly tread the .
ritricate figures of a" dance. . If they com
pleted the measure without breaking an
-36 it was a sign that -they should wed.
The bright spring .^un beamed upon them,
"the early flowers watched ' them from. the
green grass, the birds joined. in the rural
niusic; all nature smiled; only the Prin
cess looked down at, them sadly. Long
* \a&> she loved in secret the handsome
: Dukc r Philibert of- Saxony, but he had
" nevey made it apparent that he felt for
her /more than', the . admiration due a
young and beautiful girl. As Marguerite
watched the peasants, the figure of a
horseman suddenly approached and halted
to w.atch the dance. -Her heart bounded !•
It was the Duke! The earnest eyes of
the Princess drew his regards to her win
dow and on .that bright Easterrnornlng
a love dart pierced his heart and he was
soon in the presence of the young girl
declaring his love.
'.'Dance we the dance of destiny, sweet,"
he said, and led the now happy Princess
to the glen.
With mingled awe and admiration the
peasants gazed at the royal " pair who
danced around the mystic eggs without
crushing one.
TH E • SUNDAY 5 GALL.
9
TRADITIONS OF THE EASTER EGG..-¦.
j golden brown straw not over an Inch wlcJe
between which have oeen stitched in line
chiffon pleatings of the shaded scarlets
so 1 fashionable this year. ¦_-.' .
The "original shape was as simple and as
big as a sombrero. Imagine such a shape,
then, with the brim' caught to the crown
in more than half a dozen : places; so that
it looks like a George j ' Washington . hat j
cocked- and recocked. At every cccking'
the brim is secured w'.th a great showy,
gold pin of starfish desisrnl
" The immense bunch cf flowers that trims
the hat , falls . In long-, drooping clusters
against the "hair. They are the most won
derful flowers, such as never grew on land
or under the sea." Clover' Dlossoms they
¦ suggest in shape, but their colors are the .
same shining, intense shaded scarlets as
the chiffon. They.run from a deep, flam
ing, ' devil-red up : to a glittering, shallow
pink, a dilution of the barker shade. "
The : children's hats are 'mostly of dead
white straw In a wide braid. ..One of thesa/
for a ; very* small child, is a pokebonnet,
nothing more nor less,' with long fluttering
white satin streamers. JLittle poU buckles
catch .the streamers here and there.
- Another of the white straws, for a big
ger little girl," is round vid flappy-brimmal
and twined with a garland of white daisies
and -Black-eyed K Susan?; ithrown on as
. carelessly as if the little wearer had gath
ered them in summer, fields and wreathed
them herself. — -¦:<•- . ¦ ¦•»• ". : . .. ¦
, The Parisian knows oven the art of art-
" lessness.y -; ;•. \ : . '¦'¦¦¦ *- : ~ ; ;;.«.-'. . . . ¦ '-'--v-
The cost of these Paris hatsis accord
ing to labor, spent upon them. The pleat
ing "and stitching; in ; o£ the chiffon often
takes a day and a half. The most expen
sive^hatofall-J^ismadoof bands; O f
The hat "in the picture is a Leghorn,
simply 'trimmed with a wreath of shaded
old | pink roses that fall loosely , forward
over the brim. Cream lace edges the brim
andistucked in underneath: '
Black velvet forms the band. The hand
painted hat from Virot is the piece de
resistande. White libflitv silk, yards of it,
was painted ina wandering design of con
ventlonalized pink. rose?:, with "their grean
leaves and trailing stems. 'The blossoms
were then outlined wirh gold thread. ¦'¦ Thi
material was laid in folds ' over a broad
and. moderately high". frame and a v gold
buckle was clasped at one side. . .
Hats from Mrs. Gage, 807
Sutter street.
Gowns from the White House.
Poses by, Beatrice Moreland.
Photos by Alisky. ;
: The one pastel hat 5n the lot is a husa
affair of Leghorn — soft, -¦ flappy,': -straw
colored leghorn, such as bridesmaids have
worn ever since we can ¦ remember. . The
braid is sewed in overlapping ; strips. The
crown is big and high and the brim very
broad.; Pastel blue and t>ink ribbons mafia
into : wide - bows are the * sole trimming.'
One black and white bat is trimmed -with
odd roses, gray In effect. ..; They are made
of black muslin arid then, petal by petal,
they are covered with white illusion. ,
One erratic color combination not in lino
with most of the hats If an electric blue
straw, veiled in a dark shade of castor
muslin. The combination produces a very
peculiar and a very decadent tone. A
broad bow of pale castor spreads across
the front of the crown and on top two
roses and their leaves snuggle, against
the bow. These roses are the De'sf thing
on the hat: they a*e perfect in form,
round and suggestive | of old-fashioned
June gardens, and they wrinkle. : a bit
about the outer petals as if they had just
begun to wither but had not yet lost their
loveliness. One is pure pink and the other
a pinkish yellow. . '!->--
inevitable grold of the year 1901. clamps
the bow. You can see m your mind's eye
some smart brunette, tall and stunnins
and of a ripe, sparkline 35. say, drawing
a matinee audience's eye to her box when
she sweeps in under the currant hat.'
bow of moussellne de soie or tulle over a
thin collar and caught with an odd orna
ment is more eucctive man a mur»
elaborate and more be-triramed one.
Another charming light gown 13 made of
white batiste and gold. The shirt is ac- -
cordion and has live rows of narrow gold
braid around the bottom. The waist has
a tucked taffeta diamond-shaped front.
The batiste blouses a little in front, but
has the regulation gold belt that dips in
front and runs up high in the bacK. A.
lovely eexu lace, which falls alternately
over the taffeta and the material, gives
the soft effect that modistes are trying
so hard to copy.
One of the most swagger costumes la
composed of two separate- pieces. It is
called the L'Aiglon and Is made after a
coat style. In the first place, the color >a
a bright red and the lining is of whlta
satin. There are three little capes that
peep out under broad stitched revers of
velvet. The fronts do not meet, so a gold
cord laces across from fancy gilt buttons
and gives just a suspicion of the military
The skirt falls nearly to the bottom of
the black satin underskirt. This skirt
may be very elaborate or very plain, but
those with eight or ten net flounces ed^A.J
with a narrow satin ribbon are by far the
nobbiest, and most women are willing to
walk a mile to get the prettiest, frillie-t
success of the season
And right here let me say that gauze*
£ces and nets make bewildering frocks'
This summer the materials are of *£
thinnest possible description, some with
most exquisite designs and some more on
the point d'esprit order. "««.e un
A smart suit is made of dark blue serirc
The skirt is long and falls In graceful
folds from tiny tucka that fit Sv
around the hips. Two broad bands of bYfck
braid connected with a narrow one oleilt
run from one side of the front b"eadth to
! he oth T f r u and end in a row of brasshnr
DAME FASHION'S DECREE FOR
TASTEFULLY GOWNED
WOMEN
THE new frocks are a decided
credit to that domineering Mis
tress of the Modes— Dame Fashion. -
Of course, she has borrowed
.some of her best notions" from the
styles of the past, but at the same time
she has modified ' and * modernized them,
until they actually appear something very
new and very novel. ,
.To be sure, the colors remain practically
the same, only now and then some devia
tion is made. This year the favorite colors
are blue, in many shades, all equally swell
and staple black and -white. \
English people like to think that Lon
don is responsible for this fashion, and
doubtless the. death of the Queen did go
a long way toward it. A woman In Lon
don would : be dreadfully conspicuous if
she had on any color, and Paris. isn't so
far "away, you know, and it's no use try
ing to deny that Paris leads us about by
the nose when it comes to frills and fux
•belcws. . • ¦•-•.•.' ¦ *¦ .. -
V. The everlasting- Easter problem has
about been solved. Tailor suits are al
ways the proper thing, and particularly
-so this season, as they are very much
dressed up and have no end of white, red
'and gold on them that gives a general air
of rejoicing.
.One of the newest things is a costume
of black and pale gray. | People found out
last summer that white was needed more
than > fashion allowed, but this* year the -
I colors are all light and the materials very
. sheer. '
The latest Parisian novelty is the prin
cesse. It is very, very noticeable and
likewise very, very swelL The skirt is
long and has a black velvet ribbon run
' through a lace insertion about four inches
from the ground. Of course, only a per
son with a small .waist should ever at
tempt to wear one, and even then it must
"fit like a* glove which took nearly thirty
minutes to work; on. It may be trimmed
:¦ or not, ¦ just as one ¦ fancies, but seven or
eight rows of velvet or a silk cord held
In place: by black buttons gives it a more
striking appearance.
i This suit la more expensive than the or
dinary one. for a swell bodice must neces
sarily,; be worn." 1 A black tucked taffeta
strapped with white and with a big fluffy
-
a? bright as those that all stylish tree3
are wearing- just now when the year is
fresh and pay. --""I
Somewhere in the midst of these leaves
lies half-hidden a gold and turquoise
buckle that you seem to discover by ac
cident- Virot has pinched the stmw
crown with another of these buckles.
The pink hat from the Marescot Soeurs
is made for some wedding trousseau. No
body on earth but a bride could wear it
lor all it is worth. It is made of illusion
z.T'.d there is a good' deal of suggestion
in the name of its material. You know
It won't last but it is a rosy flight of
fancy while it still lives. Perhaps, after
all, it Isn't exactly kind to say that it
is made for a bride. .
The illusion is of dainty rose pink, laid
in pleats and folds that twirl around . the
crown as well as the brim. Three wreaths
of little round, fat pink roses follow the
circles, and under the brim are caught
three big pink roses. Not a hint of an
other color appears anywhere.
The flat crown is not to be found. Pan
cakes are extinct. Crowns are high and
irregular in form. Some are not really
crowns at all, but masses of chiffon or
crushed straw plaques that give the re
quired height.
One of the smartest high ; hats is a
brown straw placjue. A smaller plaque
of tan straw is bent into a flowerpot shape
that serves for crown. A mass of blue
chiffon is cut into th-e infinite number
of pleats that Paris natience alone takes
the time to stitch around and around "ani
around between the . cords of the' straw.
A great blue satin bow with wings spread
lies under the brim.
The wonderful . currant hat from Ca
mil'.e Roger is the only so-called "flower
hat" in the collection. It happens . to bo
made of leaves and berries, for that mat
ter, but that is all the sar^e in millinery
parlance- Narrow rolling brim and high
crown are entirely jiade of the wine-re 1
currants and- their 'eaves of .the same
shade, and ¦ these are ; softened by a veil
of deep red illusion. A" huge velvet bow
Is the. only, trimming. It is .of the new
shade called currant red. "a j shade . that
can no • more be ¦ described than can ¦ that
of the fruit itself. One gold buckle, the
LATEST SPRING CREATIONS TO
CROWN FAIR FEMININE
HEADS.
•""¦N ECKLESSLY rakish, daring, dash-
Y J llJ S. the hats of the season will
I— { make our Puritan ancestors turn
1 \ In their graves, and a Pruces-and
:, u - r J^ Prisms of even" the present day
will hold up her rifled hands.
Mrs. Gage has returned from her semi
annual Paris trip with boxes that VIrot
filled and others that bear the stamp of
the Marescot Soeurs and Camille Roger.
These geniuses have ' scattered neatness,
primness, order arid trimness to the four
winds this year and have conceived and
carried out the rashest ideas that even
Paris ever dared.
The day of the delicate pastelle shades
Is at hand. "With a few~« exceptions the
new colors are strong and boldly con
trasted. Lemon yellow mates with white
or black; scarlet is buckled with gold:
turquoise blue is wreathed in grass green.
The faded shades that might have come
out of a grandmother's trunk have given
way to gayety.
Black and white are strongly in evi
dence. One of these hats, a Virot for
evening wear, is all made of white illu-
Eicn— row upon row of it, fluff upon fluff
of it. The making is done in a curious
•way and must have cost somebody more
stitches than several times its price
•would ever pay for. Long strips of the
illusion are gathered in every few inches
and belted with a oar.d of black velvet rib
bon; countless of these strips are needed
to cover the large frame of the hat. It
is as tip-tilted as all the rest of the new
patterns are, and the space at the left
Fide where the form turns up is filled in
¦with black velvet. So in most of the
hats, for that matter, whatever their ma
terial and color.
The trimming 1 is as simple as usual.
Two plumes are the amount of it; a long,
sweeping white plume curves from the
front along the side and 'underneath Is
tucked a short black tip.
Another of Virot's fancies Is a huge
turquoise blue straw that probably
started out .to be a plaque, but was
crushed beyond recognition. It tilts up
here and down there in the most rakish
and irresistible fashion. Under the. brim,
close against the, hair. . nestles a wreath
of tf-»- '-''-'-+ <~r-ci>Ti leaves, as tiny and
theJ-sunday.. call.
10
EASTER
HATS AND
GOWNS.and I gave the book to Mr. Dane without'
opening, It. If you're Mr. Dane,' have you ;
.the.money?"- ' , ¦ .
. At these words, Mr. : Dane.. : all ezcite
ment/started for the ladder that leads
to the pilothouse, but the first officer, of
couree, prevented his committing the sole-
s clsm'of ascending it by coming down him-^
self and handing the, speaking, trumpet to
my friend. MIs3 DeJplaJn .stood I by, m7
side and I fancied I could hear "her heart
beating. I said to' her quickly, "If he has,
will you?" •
And she answered, "I will, ii he has," n
numher of Dane's, cabin, and no one else
seemed to. know: .1 tried to, find the
purser, but_ he was as hard to find' as
Dane. ' Hurried and worried as I was 1
did notice a Junoesque girl with great o?
and. I said to myself, "If I- coulc
have' l:nown some one like you I would
not be a bachelor to-day." SucTj 'Incon
sequert thoughts do "make the transit o
"a man's brain. Just then I , caught f
glimpse of'Dane.and I followed him i unit
he disappeared inp inside .cabin. " ;
knocked at his door; but just then_ th>
deep-throated whistle boomed andhcTdii
not hear me. I could hear tlie people irhi
had come to see their friends off leavln?
the beat in shoals, but still I stood then
and knocked. It must have been ftv<
minutes before the door opened, ar.d tffiei
—it was not Dane at all, but a man bull
and dressel like him.
"Oh, I beg- '.your pardon," said' I.
thought you were my friend Dane. .wh.
has Jie.OOil cf mine, and I was In.a.hurr;
because I'm not going across, you know,'
"Going back with the pilot?" said he.
"Oh, no, I'm going now. \ Whore car
Dane be?" , And I rushed Hip the stairs
to see the lordly Hudson flowing!^ all
around me and Hoboken growing smaller
every moment. I was > on my way to
Europe! ...
For a. moment ' I -.was • scared, but the
words of the man whom I had disturbed
came back" to ir.e and I determined to act
on hia suggestion and go back with the
pilot.' ~_Meantime I must find Dane'. From
i bow to stern, upstairs and downstairs, o'r
whatever ycu call it on , board ship, I
, went', but ho:t)aae appeared. . Could W
have missed the steamer? But no, he WtYs
the scul cf punctuality. Perhaps he, weSs
indisposed and in his cabin. But' where
was* his cabin?-. .'.- ..—.'." *;
had an idela . th;\^ there* would be a
blare of trumpets and a. roll of drums ani
no end of' thing's when' the pilot left,' and
." 1 listened, to the. engines to slacken the
¦while' I looketi for. Dane: but it seems
tr.at the pilot docs not need to stop . tho
boat in order to get oft*. ' f "_. . :'¦
The purser had hivherto' been" hiddon
somewhere, but now I found him and got
from him a passenger list. I eagerly
scanned the D's.' "Dalbreger. Damen,
Dayton, Eaton '-" .Dine v.as not on tho.
passenger list!; That was horrible dis
covery No. 1. And 4 1 was. so sure that ho
had saile,d en the Humbug-American lino.
The Humbug-American! And- this* was
the Holl -and America line! I always mix
those two Ur.e5. I had no idea when the
steamer' of thai; line would sail. Perhaps
she had left already. Oh,, how idiotic I
had been! r Well;- at any r.i.te; ¦ I % would
have a pleasant sail up the bay with the
pilot with a ehanee'of getting'Dane tutor
all- It will be seen that I am philcsophS
cal. I said to' the purser: "My friend is
not on beard." • . .'. ;
He was busy finding places at -table for
various passengers who were besieging
him, but he said politely, in his idiom:
"Ah. that is .too badly- But ycu" wi!l
make friends on the voyage."
"J3ut I'm not going, you know. I'm go •
ing back with the r pilot." '
The purser stared at me as if he
tiiought J was a lunatic and several of
the passensers turned and looked at m»i
with amused interest. *
"The pilot departed already a half-hour
ago." said he. __: ' ' ¦ '. :
• I dropped Into A chair opposite him an-1 .
said, in a helpless- sort "of "v.'ay: "The
pilGt departed ? ,Then ' how c^jl ¦ 1 get
home?" ¦ ¦•"' ¦• ¦ -¦ •*.'•¦ !..-; ,
I heard, a'saraonic-lookin? man say to.
his wife: "Get out; and walk,*' and I
blushed. '¦'¦ :;'•?//*"•'/'''
But the purser said:- "You ¦will make
the return trip on thb steamer. She will
be back in four weeks.".',
He.seemed to think that it was quite an
•ordinary thing for a. man to get "carried
off to. Europe by. mistake. " '-'¦• ' ,
"But I have only- five dollars with me.'.
I didn!t come to go. I mean I came to go
—I came-taTfd back with the pilot— tlmt'
is," said *.l; Reeling that the eyes of all
these people were upon me, "I came to
get ray mtiney' f rnm • Mr. Dane," and he is
on- the 'Humbug-vVmerican^line.'*
The purser said with Dutch ' phlegm!
.".You-will have to. see the captain. . The [
¦v^hlstie blew to get off air the people al- ' ,
ready." ..-_. ,'¦'¦¦";; : "'. '¦";. '..' ¦ ~~* : .. .-¦
And then he turned to the applicants for. j
advantageous, seats at the table, and I 1
sat down" feeling rather, queer within and j
for the first time noticed the motion of the . <
vessel, 'i knew I. was growing 'whiter and ]
whiter. The purser.eyidently.- noticed it : •<
also, for he said: "Now, go .up and sniff
gonW.air. It Js closely 'down, here." : He|(
evidently prided himself on jhis English.' <
.'¦I will sendyou.to the ca'ptain^ later."' .. I
I half expected^ to be~puit*at""peeling: po
tatoes to work my passage.*; That is what • ]
I. heard they "made stowaways do. • i
.What- would iMarcella- say?.- And S . how i
Uncle Bob would worry. And what would
I do with.no change of linen, no vest, no * 1
oiercoat or steamer rug? Then I began
JT Y ancle's name. like my, own, is
/ \/| Robert Burns McPherson.but,
Y I u»lik« myself, he.is not a poet
J^ In fact, he has no profes^
sion, but being Independently
wealthy he dtllghts in preparing for h!s
relati\«?s littlf surprises that sometimes
take odd forms. I could not have been
more ir.?.?i 10 when he invited me to a
birthday dinner at which trout formed th«:
principal dish: and when he had heJpe.J
me and 1 pro-ceded to bone : my fish— a
feat that 1 had already learned— I found a
Sold eagle seiretcd in the interior^ '
It w:is some >e.irs after that- my. Vlstet
Marceila w*nt out to the honhjouse om
morning— r.e lived in the country then
and found an upright piano almost com
plettly filling the piace. 6he suFpecte-.
that L'r.c!e Bob had bce^ at -work, am
•when she found a note tacked on the. bad
of the piano saying, "For a musical slrl
from one who lo'ves her," she knew tha
it was a present. If she had been a littl/
older she rr.ieht have thought it was i
crazy dace to '.eave a present, but "as i
j -was she was delighted beyond all meas
urc. It seemed to have dropped from th<
clcuds. To be sure, the hired man and j
helper found it a Herculean task to ge'
it into the house without the approve;
implements for moving and it w&i
pretty well scratched before it found it:
way to the rarlor. But when Uncle Bol
came that evening and found Marcell;
playing it he was so happy -and she wai
ko overjoyed that my mother could no
scold him for his froakishness. ¦
He has always paid that when he died h<
did not expect to leave anything to any.
body; he preferred to give it away whii<
he was yet alive.
So much by way of preamble. Last
spring, toward the «i<fl of Lent, my pub-
Mshers brought cut a bock of mine crilleJ
"An Eastern Easter," being a seriour
poem of some length The first copy cam;
to me while I was out and my sister Mar
cell?, opened it and then v left it lying on
the center table in the parlor. An hour
or two later I came home arid found it
there, and without s-tepping to look at it
— for I hrid airead" reen a copy at Biy
publisher's— I wrapped it up and ran
around the corner to give it to my- dear
friend. Eros Pan?, who was to-sall next
day for Europe on the Holl and America
line.
He was so awfuliy busy packing that
he did not open it either, but told me
that it would be h:s first pleasure after
the vessel started i» read the booi, and
he would then write me a long, critical
t letter. Dane has been one of mv kindest
and yet one of my severest critics, anl
it is due to him that I ventured 'upon
writing so serious a poem as "An Eastern
Easter." which I may say, without^ of
fense, is modeled aftor Sir Edwin Arnold's
"Light of Asia." . I 0
I was a little disappointed that Enos
did not open the package; »s I thought
that they had hound the book, very pret
tily, and I like his judgment on such mat
ters; and 1 ¦wouldn't have minded, to tell
the truth, if he had a?ked me to read the
first hundred stanzas or so. There are
seven hundred in all, eight lines to a
Ftanza, very easily Rowing, if I do* say
it. But that has nothing to do with what
followed. ...>^y
The next morning Uncle, Bob dropped in
¦while we were at breakfast, and from the
twinkle in his eye I knew that he; had
been up to one of his "benevolences," as
we call them m the family. .
"Rather nice book of 'poems that .of
yours," said he
"Oh. have you seen It?" I said, for I did
not suppose the stores- would have ex
posed it for tale so ucoh.
"Yes, 1 saw your copy yesterday after
noon. Thought I'd give it a send off.
Didn't you find the buokmarks?" 'r/v
"Bookmarks? No, " I said. "I have
hardly looked at the book, for I wanted
Dace to have the nr&t copy. You know
he suggested my writing the poem." . -
My uncle's expression changed. "Do
you mean you have given the book away
without looking -it it?" said he. hurriedly.
"Yes, I took it round to Dane last night.
You know he sails for Europe this morn-
Ins—"
"Why. man. I put ten bills of a thou
sand each in it just for a starter to bring
you good luck."
"Oh, you jewel of an uncle!" cried I,
g-lanclng at the clock.
I remember that my feeling of gratitude
was mixed up with a v.ish that he had
chosen a more conventional way* of mak
ing the gift.- Jt was 9 o'clock and the
Milldam sailed at 10. I had noticed that
in the paper that morning.
I sprang from the table. an<3 saying "I
m'jst get that book," I was gone like a
Phot, stopping oniy to pick up my hat.. 1
live in Harlem, and I had a little over an
hour to get to the company's docks at.
Hobcken, on the other side of the Hudson
River. I took an elevated train down to
Twer.ty-third street.
I may as well admit that I was" not at''
that time so well blessed wtih this world's
soods that I could hazard the loss" of ten
thousand dollars without an effort. Dane
"light look at the book up on deck -and
turn a page that concealed the bills just
*n time to catch a passing breeze, . and
then where would my money be? -U
At Twenty-third street I hailed a cab. *"•
a "d promised the man five dollars if he
would get me to the Holl pier ten minutes
before the boat sailed. I happened to
have ten dollars in my pocket or I would
have been in a fix. • •' •-
There were no incidents connected with *
my getting to Hoboken. and. I. arrived
there in time, paid my man and rushed
up the gangplank. There I found every
thing ia confusion. I did not know the
bacx? cut, tell me. didn't .you. really
mean to come?" Then she looked me all
over, the way ? woman will, and, I could
see- that she was thinking: "He is a little
too. well dressed to be a stowaway."
When" I am perturbed I have a way of
getting mixed up in my. speech. "Why,
y6u see, I came after.' Mr.' Dane's $10,000
that I had in his book— tfcat is,- my untie.'
npt $10,000 in Mr. . Dane's new book— that
fc, in ray new book that I gave to Mr. , :
Dane, but not the $10,000. Those my, uncle
gave' to me, bul.'you see, he put it in my
book for Mr. Dane, and- so I came on
board to get it back — — "
."To get the book back?" --¦. .¦ •
- "No,- to get the money back; and ' Mr.
Dane wasn't on board, because he didn't
go^y this line, and so here I am."
\. Miss Delplain— for .this*' as I afterward
learned, was her name; Miss- Dorothy Del
plain of Philadelphia— stared at« me as, if
she thought, I. was not quite right, and -
Just then the purser and the captain came
up. ~
"Here he is," said the ( purser.
.Captkin Zollikoffer was a. red-cheeked,
jolly looking fellow. . "What is this you*
have done?" cried he. "Did you come to
sae'some one off?" , »
¦¦"No," said I, "1 didn't come to see him
off, because I'd seen him off last j night—
that ¦ is, I bade him. 'good-by last night;
but, you see, I. gave him a copy of my lat-'
est book. I'm Robert Burns McPherson, |
the poet/ and I"" gave" my .book ,'tb.' Mr. .
Dane; but I didn't know urtCil this morn-,
ing that my uncle had.put.ten .thousand^'
dollars In it for me, -and then I came down V
to the dock to recover the money, : but' I.
made a mistake in the line of steamers I ¦<
thought" he'd gone by —I "always -make
that mistake r abbut the -Humbug- Ameri
can line, you" know, and that is", the line
he's gone by— and ,1 have only fiyeTdolIareX
with me and the clothes on my back." x
;I knew^ that' the captainhad never heard
of, 'my '-writings;':' but- at "this point in my
somewhat long monologue "the Junoesq'ue
being said: " -
"•'Oh, are you Mr. McPherson, the poet?
I've. been dying to meet you. Didn't you
read "at" an author's, reading in Philadel
phia?" .;-.-• • ¦¦ ..¦-.-...,.«. ,-- .,. „ .
I assured her that I had, and had nearly <
fainted from fright also. ]
The captain suddenly burst out laugh-.:
desirable , seats .had ¦ been snapped . up be
fore my status was settled, and: then I
had to be content; with .what I gotl-VThe
captain had suggested that I travel sec
ond class, .but , as that- would have cut
me\ entirely '^off: from the fair : Philadel
phian'B^society,; I told him that I j would
ratheT " pajjf the • difference ..when I got .it.
As'j*odn as; breakfast -was over ezfoh
day. I sought her out, and we.' promenaded
the' boat-deck or played, shuffleboard. un
til r it ¦• was tim'e . for bouillon. . '.Then I al-
pose and yet as' soon re I thought" of '«
•^rny tongue' became . almost * helpless. ' 1
made several false starts and at last 1
said: "/v^." -'.* ,.
"Miss Delplain, are you good at sup
posing?" „ ; •>***; j: '
She said:-" "Why. ves:,I can, do anything
on an ocean- voyage. What, do you want
me to suppose?" :
" "Wei!,"*said I, "suppose I had these ten
; thousand dollars in oiy pocket that are. I
v hope, ; on that steamsr; suppose .my. book
ito \ go like wildfire, do you suppose
-thit— do you— would you be 'willing to let
me place my steamer chair' next .to yours
for the rest of 'our lives?"' '..¦.••;
.Ihad noidea how'sho would,take" It,' as
I.had-never proposed bclore v ;-'In. fact. -as
soon as'l had said -it I'" wished , I -hadn't.
But,-,she smiled' a*, sweeter smile', than I
ha"d. supposed the human face carable of
and said— •'¦ ¦ ' . '. •. - ., '. v ,' - :
• But oo. now that I come. to. the point o?
writing what &he sulcl"'I cannot^ do St.
There-are some things tco sacred*- If this
were a made, up storv I rcisht. but —
' Icannotexpress how p'atedand at the
same time how dbpressvtl her words mad-?
me. I freshed her hand silently and went
downstairs to borrow a. co'llar from a man'
•who/'woro a number sixteen. . 'S-^Z\
"On* '.my' way back a - follow-pas^enyer.
said: "Hello, that steamer's signaling. to
us. '"; What's the trouble?".
It did not takeloris for v the news to-be
come common property that the Humbus
liner had'broken' somi part. of her mi«
chlnerj* and wanted us to tow her into
port. . This would, of course, make us sev
eral days late: but as for me I felt that
anything that made the time of 'my .so
journ in Miss" ' Delplain's neighborhood
possible was to be "welcomed/ It was so
interesting watching them hitch the other,
steamer ¦ on ihat I Entirely for
got what steamer she wasun'till saw a
man. 'standing on ,her boat .deck', who,
looked surprisingly like Ehbs 'Dane. He
was too far away for :ne;to shout to him
and too far r f or me tojrecognize him ab
solutely with '.the naked eye, "so I sought
the captain. ' _ r \
"Captain,',' said I, '.'I think that the man
who has my, money is standing, on the
boat dfefk of , that steamer. Is there any
way of asking him?"
. I want to ."put it on=record that, the cap
tain; was 'one of- the most: obliging men I
eveivsaw.- He Immediately called his first
sfflcicr and told him to get the megaphone
und ask < the first 'officer of the other
steamer whether. Mr. Dane was on board.
Before the first-; officer could , get the
megaphone, the man began looking at me
;arnestly'through'.-a"palr of field glasses..
[ ran to Miss Delplain, who was sitting '.
svith her. mother. . "Come," said I, excit
;dly: "I; think that. Mr.- Dane is following*- 1
is — that Is,' he's- on* the other steamer. The
irst officer is' going to. megaphone to him ¦
:o find out." , '. * ' :¦¦¦ ¦'¦''•
As we reached the'first officer, he called
iut: "Is Mr. Dane of New York on board
rour boat?" -, : - / >^"-
The man who looked like Dane nodded
lis head, and the first ofllcer of the other
iteanier, who heard the noarse "blast of.
he megaphone, nodded also and picked
ip an • old-fashioned speaking trumpet,
such. as. fire chiefs use. "Yes," said he;
'who wants him?," '•
The first officer turned to me, and I said:
'Let me take the niegaphone.". Then I
Mit'it to my lips and shouted: "My uncle
iut some 'money in my new book of verse
The next minute the somewhat muffled
tones of Mr. Da"ne came through xhe
trumpet to us— and by us. I mean all the
passengers who could crowd around. Ha
eald. "I opened the book In a pretty stiff
, '• breeze — do you hear?"
•J' "Yes. yes." I shouted. In an asony of
expectancy: "go on."
"I cpened the book in a galeof wind."
".he repeated. Dane always was a great
hand to repeat unnecessarily. "And a bill
blew away to' sea/'
Miss Delplain's hand sought- mine and
squeezed it •sympathetically. Just then
Dane was seized with a fit of sneezing,
and he had to Interrupt his narrative. It
seemed an age before he ceased his vocal
1 spasms. ¦ At last he went on.
"I shut the book up,- then went Into my
cabin snd found nine other bills of a thou
sand eftch. Are they yours?"
•'Yes, 1 ' - 1 shouted.
_, "Have you much of a library?" said he.
;-. ••T'hat was the only book of the kind."
• f Thcn he wanted' to know how I came to
be on board_ thV Milldam. and how the
money . came * to be 'In 'the book.. I ex
plained everything to him, and asked the
.captain whether I could go after my for
, tune or whether he could send sailor. I
was" rather 'relieved when . he "detailed a.
sailor to straddle one of the hawsers and
'go after. the money: and I was so afraid
that he would falk overboard on the way
back. They never could have recovered
him: and he was so valuable. But he
made the return trip in safety and band
ed me a neat package. - My eyes met those
of Miss Delplain, and (knew that my
ocean trip was going to be. good for me.
. I opened the package while my friends
crowded around me, and there were the
nine bills. I could not blame Dane for
the loss of the tenth, but I've often won
dered since whether it washed ashore at
any of the beach«s. What, a beautiful lit
tle romance a man could make out of it!
But my own romance^ was good enough
for. me for the pypsent. . I asked Mrs. Del
plain's consent that evening, and in the
course of conversation It" turned out that
she was a schoolmate, of 'my mother, so,
of qo'ursG, she had not the slightest objec
tion to my marrying Dorothy.
While I was talking to 'her a brilliant
thought came into my ,head, v Induced by
what struck me as a curious coincidence.
/We had been at sea just a .week, and It
.was the day before Easter. ,
" "Would it.nbt be a happy augury for
the success of my book. Mrs. Delplain?"—
somehow I- courd talk* to the mother with
out getting all tied . up — "would it not be a
happy augury f^r the success of my '.East
em Easter' If Tve-were married on Easter
day?". <; . .-• -
Mrs. Delplain, who is a Baptist and not
up in the. Episcopal time table, said she
thought it would; and then the bugle
sounded -for dinner,.: and as., she had her
sea appetite on she went down without
saying anything further.
As / f«r me, having obtained her consent.
I went at once to. the Rev." Charles W.
Opdyke of Philadelphia, who, as luclc
would have it, was one of the passengers:
and I told him of the good fortune that
was to be mine and asked him If he would
unite in the bonds on Easter day. He said
that with the captain's consent nothing
would give' him greater pleasure. He al3O
said that it was a little unusual to be
married on Sunday, but that he did 'not
see any objections to it. " 'The better the
daly the betterthe deed.* when a deed is
so good as this," said he. Then I went to
¦ ¦¦„ :._¦ ,. •_• .:¦"¦¦¦¦.... ' ¦*: ~i--f:.
sail the captain. o
"*"Why, most surely." said he. "I will
have the cook make a Wllhelmina cake
in honor of the occasion. Such an uncl?!"
It. seemed hard for him to get over my
uncle.
Then it suddenly occurred to me that I
had not told Dorothy about the date. It
would be awkward if she learned it from
another passenger.
She was, sitting with her mother In the
ladies' saloon. "Dorothv," said I, "let ma
"congratulate you. You are to be marrici
..next; Sunday." --•£¦•
." Several, passengers looked up' in aston
ishment and Dorothy blushed a delightful
shade of red. But before she could-spealc
her 'mother said: '/Next Sunday? Why,
you, :~told me that ' you wa'pted to marry
her oh Easter Sundav."
Dear Baptist woman, she had. supposed
dimly that Easter came some time in the
fall. But she was true-blue. I told her
"that I did not believe, *in long engage
ments, and that If we .waited for Kaster
to fall in the autumn we'd both pass away
unwedded, and then she said: "It's allthe
same. If you are to be my son-In-l^w, the
sooner the better."
Do you. know that then for the first time
I realized that she would be t my mother
in-law, and It gave me. a bit of a shiver,
but-only." because- the professional Jokers
have said so much on the subject. I really
had no cause for worry, and I leaned over
and was Just going to kiss her when I re
membered the other passengers, and I
didn't d.o It. . I*
I tried to get Dane to be my best manv
but- he is light-headed, and said that he
wouldn't come over the hawser for a,
-whole -book full of bank bills; but he
wished me every sort of Joy._ I had sent,
him a note explaining what was going ta
happen. •';•.'.
But. as It turned out, he was best man—
at a distance — after all. Kaster morning
dawned, beautiful, and springlike. "We*
were married In the stern of the yessel—
really on the steerage deck, under an
awning, for no reason In the world but
that Dane could be near us and act as
best man from the bow of the Humbug
liner.
I hadn't seen Dorothy look so beautiful-
since we left Hoboken— never, in fact. She*
was dressed In some kind of gTay clotbi
frock, and I had borrowed a coat, alsof.
a frock, from a man not much bigger than
I, and I wore a collar that Master Eddys
¦Hoch of Cincinnati lent me. It was de-~
cldedly the best fit of any I had tried on
since my own became undesirable.
I gave Dorothy one of the bills as a wed- 7
ding present, and I think that that added?
" to -her. happlnesa. »"I jfeel that I can say 1 
this without -detracting from my own
merits. She felt more comfortable coming 11
to me not entirely dowerlesa.
a It was the event of the voyage as far as"
:the rest of the passengers were concerned
—and, in fact, as far as we ourselves were
concerned.
¦' When we debarked at Boulogne *I>ane;
\ and Mrs. Delplain accompanied us on a'
short wedding trip to Paris.
.Uncle Bob had evidently surmised that,
rl'had been carried off. for when Dana
went to his banker's ttere was a , cable'.
¦ for me that caused Mrs. McPherson and
her husband unalloyed joy. It ran as fol-T,
lows: . '-,
"Book going like hot cakes. ". Hope you,
found the bookmarks."
tTbeEndJ ¦
THE SU^TDA Y^ CALI,.
11
to' feel so ill that I did*hot care what hap
pened. I rushed upstairs and made ray
way to the side of the boat and watched
the restless waves until I was in a better
frame) of.mind— to put; it euphemistically.-
I had heard ; that" it is good"-to ¦ walk-as
much as possible when; at sea," so I began,
to pace to and fro aridgradually felt bet-'
ter, and at last took'my; stand, in front" of
the pilf^t-house— if that is what they call
lt^and wondered what' was going- to be
•Jie outcome of all this. : ¦ 'V
Aiswee.t,-.low .voice at my side said: ' Oh,
look at: those porpoises!" and I turned
trid saw my Junoesque young woman.;; '
"Are those porpoises?", said I. "I -never
saw any before."
• I" knew that land conventions. , did not
hold at sea, and I talked to her freely.' ',
"Yes," said fhe. "Is this your first
trip?" • '¦ . ' -¦ . • •
"Well, ye-yes. . I'm really, not sure if it
is my trip at/all. , You see, I didn't mean
to come, and I-don't know what' the cap- '
tain will do with. me." j "-'• . . v '
She looked at me in' wonder for a" mo
ment, and then laughed ' the sweetest .
laugh ever heard. "Do you suppose he'll,
give you a life-preserver and let you swim
ing. Something had just struck himi "Oh,
and your friend has, your money, and fol
lows us on the Humbug line?'* "
I told him that that was It exactly, un
less he had allowed the. money to blow
away. • '¦ J ; . - i> ., . ¦ , . ' • • ,••* - ¦;.*> ¦ ; _ ¦
"Such an uncle:'' continued v the captain?
"Does -he 'ofttim'es give you bills in your
books like th'at?"X /'; > •
'."He has jlever done it' before; but he put
a niano in. my, little n "sister's henhouse
once. 1 ' ; ,'.'"¦ ¦•,.•'•-' .." : '¦¦'. ¦¦¦ • ' - : ¦ ¦•" '*'¦ '¦'¦'¦% ¦''¦
"AN EASTERN EASTER"
ways left her and talked. to various pas
sengers, so that she would not tire of my
society, but'ts soon 'as luncheon was over
I sat and chatted with her and her moth
¦ er until it was time . for. them to dress
"for dinner.' Alas! : I could -make: no dis
play of finer raiment,: a's/I was limited
to a sack coat, ; no. vest, and . either my
Alpine hat or the steamer capl But in,
the evenings I -forgot" that' I was not well
dressed Hand we sat . together, Just abaft •
of^the'place ,wher.e the smell - of coo king V
comes " up,' 'and- talked until " her mother,
said it was time , to turn , In. 4 > , v * v .
If the reader 'has .guessed that I fell in
love, with her, it does no credit {to his
perspicacity./ Of Course, I fell in love with ;
h'er,' and^ so' quickly /does' a r friendship von
board > ship ripen that # wet" felt '.&&", if ,we
had 'always known each: other. "
' <The Humbug liner— Pforgetiher name--'
should have passed us the second day out;'
and " ; I suppose she did ; so. 5 However, * on ;
the* lifthYday we saw -her standing; still-^-.
if that's what .they? call It. The captain
said that something must be ;ttie matter.'.
I stood with /Miss 'Delplain, watching. her
as she rose and fell on the waves. »-It l gave">
me a queer feeling io reflect that here I
was practically penniless, and there was
ten^thousahd^dollars^of mine not " five
miles away— If '. the .wind had respected
the : bank bills J -'
It seemed aa osoortune moment to pro-
I ; The . captain- suddenly looked dignified,
after < the manner of the Bishop, of Rum*
' tlfoo. - He plainly thought that I was
making fun .of htm. "Have you anything
to identify you?" he said. * -
I put 'my hand in my pocket and.pulled
out a, rejection from' the Book Borrower.
It was a verse of mine with a tenderly
-worded, printed slip to the effect that the
edit.ors. felicitated themselves on" the fact
of haying had a chance to read my poem
and it would be one of their lifelong re
grets that- they could hot. use it in. the
columns of their magazine.
-Captain Zollikoffer toa't the envelope
and opened it. and put the manuscript in
his pocket. .Then -'-he. put on his eye
glasses and read the rejection. I don't
imagine he understood what it was 'all
about, for after he .had read it through
he topk the . manuscript ' out of his pocket
pnd read* the first line of_that. It began:
"Of t had I thought when chilling night
'was gone- — "¦•' -•¦/•
"Ooh,' poetry!" said he, and put it back
in the envelope with . editorial prompti
tude. "Well," he said,. '.'you "will 'pay' the^
passage both. ways when you return "-.'
y "I'U pay it when we get to' Holland, If
Mr. Dane has it, for, he will send it to me,
-I'm sure." /. . -; : .'• ';' ;.
"The Humbug -liner "will pass us to
n'ght or- to-morrow,, and your, friend will -
arrive a day before we reach Rotterdam.
Make' yourself at homely Such an uncle!"
and. he i departed, with '.the -purser.' .'¦.-' < ¦'¦
= An elderly lady ... who .resembled Miss
Delplain now joined; that . yotmg woman,
and .1 was presented vto ' Mrs;. Delplain,
the mother of Juno'.v j' .;.' :• • t, '¦[_, •,
Luckily- for me "the '/voyage-' was 1 a
smoothrone. and 'after*' the first" day -I
was not' sick. . "When\ It' became ' known';?
who ; I was and .how jjg cani'e i aboard ; the " .'
passengers vied with' each other, in' atteh— ,{
tionsto me.' They lent me linen* and, the \
purser gave me a^ steamer cap, and I felt
that* the ; best way tb'«o to Europe was
to do it on 'the spur: of the moment. -But :
I did wish- that nature had: not. endowed
me. with 'such a/thin necki. After I put
away my: own "collar I! found "none that
were _ot miles too, big/ for me. ', •
As for .Miss Defplain, I wondered how :
I" had' been able" to-; live '.without*' her sob
riety for -the twenty-seven V years "~ that
have gone to make up my life. .1 did 'not :
sit at; her table", unfortunately, as all theTHE SUNDAY CALL.
12WELLS-FARGO
MUST PAY WAR
REVENUE TAX
lants that the case of Kahn vs. Sutro had
been overruled or materially modified by.
the subsequent case of Martin vs. Elec
tion Commissioners, • 126 Cal., 404, which,
It was urged, had considerable bearing on
the suit decided yesterday, the Supreme
Court says:
There Is no foundation for this - contention.
Kahn vs. Sutro was decided before section 8%
had become a part of the constitution, and it
was there held that- under, tho constitution
Yj. ONDON, April; 7.— Judging from
11 recent reports from Lord" Kltch- '
I ' ener the pacification of South
I '"¦'v' Africa is as far. off as. it- was six
. ,.: months ago. ¦ Boers continue the,ir
daring raids and guerrilla: tactics, whUe
the British columns v go >; on: in their ap- I
parently fruitless pursuit. The London .
War Office, has not"; abated \the, steady ..
stream of reinforcements tor the big army :
Great Britain already has- in the field.
! One Interesting^ bit of gossip In cbnnec- _
tion - with - the ; Btrlf e 1 in j South « Africa ; Is G
the reported serious : - illness of '•' Cecil .
Rhodes, who Is given -credit' with- having .
is to provide "for the number of deputies that
each shall have and' for the compensation pay
able to each of such deputies." By no rea
sonable stretch of . construction can . this be
held to include the power to prescribe the
qualifications of such deputies, by any mode or
process whatever. • ¦ .
The foregoing views are conclusive of the
case In favor of the respondent, and It is not
necessary to pursue in detail the various points
and arguments made by counsel for either side
in support of their respective contentions.
The orders appealed from are affirmed.
In the dissenting opinion of Justice Van
Dyck, concurred in by Justice Temple and
Chief Justice JBeatty, it Is held that by
the . consolidation act of 1856 it could not
be claimed that "city officers" and "coun
ty officers" had separate existence. The
dissenting opinion holds that the "county
officers" are 'part of the corporate organ
ization of the city and' county of San
Power of the Civil Service Commission Is Limited to
Holding of Examinations for "Municipal" Offices Only.
Three of the Justices File a Dissenting Opinion
SUPREME COURT HOLDS THAT
COUNTY OFFICERS' DEPUTIES ARE
EXEMPT FROM MERIT SYSTEM
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
done more than any ether Briton to bring
about fefSt?Uish with the Boers. "The news
of trie sickness of the ex : Pf emier of j Cape
Colony was -published yesterday in; the
South African Critic. y "-',¦-¦-•¦-
* A' special from " Utrecht, Holland, says
Mr. Kruger has started for -Hilversum
where he will stay, for" some time. • Th<
Burgomaster of Utrecht^ and a big crow(
bid'hini good-by at- the- station.
The power of the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners -was j con
siderably- lessened yesterday,
by a decision of the Supreme
Court in the test case filed by
deputies in city and county of
fices.' The Court holds that
"county offices" are . distinct
from "municipal offices" and
that the merit system does not
apply to the former class.* In
another case a victory was
won by . the Commissioners,
¦where it was sought to declare
the civil service clause of the
charter invalid and ¦ unconsti
tutional. By the. decision the
offices over which the Commis
sion has no ¦ jurisdiction are
those of Sheriff, District At
torney^ County. Clerk, Coroner,
Assessor and Recorder.
i JOLIET, IU.. April 6.— William Mooney.
, aged 60 years, a Democratic politician and
widely known lawyer and formerly a
'[ member of the Illinois Legislature, is dead
1 from paresis. :
Death of "William Mooney.
. The police ; believe '•. they • have the high-
W^de^i^oiWcic'ea^a/ChlnesV/woman'-to
death about four, years ago. He Is known
as ' Ah < Louie^ > He was arrested : yesterday
morning on Dupont street. .
Chinese f Murderer Arrested. c
1 The' 1 ; man was an embezzler and It ¦, is
thought that his death : waa" the 'result of
Chinese vengeance. /.'
; : Chin See, ; a Chinese fisherman, was f ounc
dead in 'a building at 1024 . Stockton street
by the ;police last ; night. - A knotted rope;
the "ends of : s which ' were ¦ clutched ¦. by * his
hands,; was about his neck, and the deep
impressions in ' his throat showed that- he
died of strangulation. .^
Chinese Embezzler Strangled
» Frank Jackson, • colored, and- "employed
as 'a Pullman car porter, is lying at the
Receiving Hospital .with a serious ' knife
wound' in > his > neck. -'Jackson^ was taken
to the I hospital In a" hack at a; late hour
last 'night -by i two other .colored . men";
None of . them . wqul'd teh how. the cutting
occurred, and Jackson's two , friends jWere
placed under arrest. .._. :.{
Mysterious r Stabbing.
BECKER SAYS PICTURE
IS NOT, RECOVERED
Report Tnat Famous Gainsborough
Painting Has Been Found Is
Viewed With Skepticism.
The report from the East that the fam
ous Gainsborough painting of the Duchess
of Devonshire bad been found In Chicago
has created no end of discussion. Wheth
er the original has been found is still a
conjecture. .
Charles Becker, alias '.'The Dutchman,"
the world-notorious forger, now serving a
term at San Quentin, and who la supposed
to know where the famous painting is,
said yesterday:
"They, think that they have the original,
but'they have not," and refused to make
any further statement.
i A member of the firm of Messrs. Agnew
of London, who is here, said: "This is
the eleventh time the picture has been
found, and I am afraid that this will turn
out to be like all former recoveries^— a dis
appointment. The only news "we have is
a cable from Moreland Agnew stating that
he "had* succeeded in buying a Gainsbor
ough. This may mean that he has recov
ered ' . the - missing "Duchess of Devon
shire." but until I see It I must be skep
tical."
I :: 'Fears for Ssrviere.
. April 6.— Military ofScials
here'r are 'anxious over .the absence of all
"news from General j Serviere, operating on
the> Moroccan border,' •whose whereabouts
is; utterly .unknown. -Couriers have been
dispatched In various directions,' but have
faOedvto communicate I with " : General Ser
vfere,- and '• i t ' is : feared -. that he is short of
provisions and, ammunition. V ;
car on, the old^East Side suburban line of
¦ the Syracuse Rapid Transit Company was
crossing the Jaines-street bridsre over the
Oswego canal in the heart of the city, this
afternoon thetbridge suddenly gave way,
dropping the car and its slity passengers
to the canal - bed,- thirty feet below. Sev
eral persons who' were crossing the bridge
,at the time weht'down with the car *.nd a.
horse attached .to a" wagon loaded witu
'.lumber "we're piled on top 'of the : heap.
About forty persons. were injured, several
dangerously. : " -
Had the'canal been filled with water the
result- of the Occident, would have been
terrible. The car! struck the towpath end
first and then 'slid off Into the mud at the
canal ' bottom, where it stuck. When the
crash ¦ came persons . in the street called
the fire department. Ladders were quick
ly, lowered and the Injured- carried up" and
sent ; to their romes or to hospitals.. The
bridge was about, eighty feet long and
sixty feet wide.* It was broken sharp off
at both ' embankments, the ._ entire struc
ture going Into the canal. •
SYRACUSE, N. Y.,
April 6.— While a
CAR AiND' PASSENGEBS
-- , . TOPPIiE INTO A CANAL
Not only Is the State Itself interested' in
county officers as parts of its ¦necessary gov
ernmental machinery, but the people of ~ any
particular county of the State ¦ are Interested,
and some of them are frequently deeply • inter
ested, in county officers such : as sheriffs, . re
corders, clerks, etc. In other . counties. " The
functions of such officers are . generally not
municipal. . . * f." .
_By section S}4 , power over county of fleers, is
given to the municipality only" to the "extent
of providing for the manner of . their election
end their terms of office and compensation.'
Ac to their deputies — and they alone are , in
volved la this section— the only power granted
Functions of Officials Befined.
ernmental organization nor a - separate - city
governmental organization, each distinct and
ertlrely independent of the other^-as there is
In ordinary counties and cities— was fully rec
ognized in Kahn vs. Sutro. as in Martin v«.
Election Commissioners. There Is nocon
duslveness In the argument that there . can
b* no county officers for a consolidated gov
ernment, because to hold otherwise would be
to violate the original section 4 of. article XI
of the constitution, which contemplates a
"uniform" system of '.county governments..
The fact that Jn a consolidated city and
county there is neither a separate county gov-
Whether there were countv officers in San
Francisco was not a question, in the 'Martin
case and there was no pretense of overruling:
Kehn vs. Sutro on that subject. The only
Question Involved was, When are county offi
cers to be elected and what are their terms of
olfice? Miller vs. Curry, 113 CaL, 644, is to
the same effect as Kahn vs. Sutro.
In answering the arguments of counsel
for the appellants, who claimed that the
ruling In the case of Martin vs. Election
Commissioners substantiated their, claim
that "county officers" do not exist in the
city and county of San Francisco, the de
cision says:
County Officers Do Exist.
and the statutes as theyHhen stood, the terms
of office and the times of election of county offi
cers were fixed by the general . State laws on
the subject; and was based entirely on ths
amendment made by that section, which ex
pressly makes the law as to the election, etc.,
of county officers different from the law as
it stood on that subject when Kahn vs. Sutro
was decided.
the back of: the note, but his writing is
illegible.* ¦'¦. ¦ .-
Bowling says. ..the general was not
wounded in the battle yesterday with
' Sheriff Colyer and Deputy Terrill. but Is
barricaded ,and : armed with "pistols and
knives and. with a shotgun. At the front
door he has placed a long pole, to one end
of which he. has tied a white, handker
chief and to the other 2nd a red handker
chief.;/ . •> , '¦ ¦. ..... . ; . . ; • :
1 The end bearing the red handkerchief is
raised," denoting, : B9wllng says, that the
war 'is" on. and' that he will' kill the first
; man who dares .. approach without his
. leave. ...:•"*.-,». •, -
Flames in Carpentar-% Shop on Jones
Strest * Cause* Double..^ . /.
Alarm.
A fire "which caused a double alarm
broke ; but in . .the . carpentery shop of.
Sanders at' 421" 'Jones < street • at . 1 o'clock
this morning.and damaged that structure
to the extent" of ' $600.'' -The ' flames .'com
municated to: the.;; building :qccupied by
H. "W. Vette; &; Co., . on . the; corner of
O'Farrell and Jones ' streets, 1 and | also- to
the frame ) building • at ; 419* 4 Jones ; street,
occupied on the lower floor by Mrs. L. G.
Butler and oh-: the" upper; floor by. Lewis
Haub of the California' Cafe. - Haub jesti_
mates his^ damage at $600,' and i he .' has an
insurance policy for .that "amount.. j Mrs.
Butler's" property wag damaged by. water
and Is fully insured. ' '.' 'I, ¦¦¦'.'¦/
."The occupants" of the four-story, frame
building, ownediby William Johns [at J15
Jones.street, ran Into the streets in" their
night clothes, but suffered . from • nothing
imVtirlght. -^ l :\ - r XU-]^
- A; Japanese jumped ¦ ; from the second
story of one of the "buildings; and 'was in
jured on the > head.
EARLY MOBNING BLAZE
DAMAGES ; MUCH PROPERTY
all propositions to be seen, except to talk
with Zach White, a, negro- sent by, his son,
Brutus Clay, Mate Commissioner -to the
Paris; Exposition; and Jim Bowling. . who
went to deliver a note sent by newspaper
men. - The old^ man' told .White i to ; tell
Bru tus that he was at war ' with' 1 the
world and that, ho j man;; dared cross : the
"dead line" placed by liim fifty; feet in
I front of his ¦door across ! the .wajk. . ' ; To
Bowling he said that 'he had 4io statement
for. the press 'to-day, -but .would-make-one
later. He ; tried -to .write his answer on.
FOXTOWN, Ky. , 'April 6.— General Cas
•sius M. ' Clay barricaded' in. his
mansion, Whitehall, to-day and "refused
Aged- : ®nM2BstaB!|S||lD^Lini' and Boldly Declares;
. ". He Is at- War '^ith|tHe|V^prldp;
General Clay's dead line la denoted by
a walking cane lying across the walk. It
indicates that he Is not crippled, but able
to meet his enemies in open battle. T3e
cooked his dinner in a boiler In front of
the fireplace. He boiled a ham and had
canned good3 with the meat. Bowling
says he has some 200 cans of apples, pears,
tomatoes, corn, etc., in the house, besides
several dozen eggs.
Brutus Clay, after failing to get an au
dience with 'his father, returned home.
The old man's desire is to gain the con
sent of his children to relinquish their
claims to the property that he may give
the old homestead to his child wife, now
divorced and married r to a laborer, Rile y
Brock.
CASSIUS M. CLAY STILL BARRICADED
IN HIS MANSION-FORT AT WHITEHALL
ing any warrant for salary or expenses
of the Civil Service Commissfbn on the
ground that -the provisions of the charter
on the subject of civil service are uncon
stitutional and void," the court upholds the
demurrer to the ' complaint sustained in.
the lower court.- ~ *
The decision first quotes the articles of
the'eharter covering civil service and the.
commission created thereby, and then
proceeds to deal; with appellant's conten
tion that section 12 provides for a life ten
ure of office, and is ' thus unconstitutional
and void, beinrj in violation of section 16
of article XX of the State constitution.
. The decision contains the following:
Our conclusions are that these sections of
article XIII of the charter, which provide for
¦ the method , of. appointment, are not insepar
; ably., interwoven ¦• with section ' 12, ¦ which deals
with removals: that those sections ' stand as
.valid' enactments, even though section 12 be
eliminated,' and' that there applies to' the case |
at bar the well established rule of construction
¦ which" is stated in ' Cooley on "Constitutional
Limitations," page 211, as follows: -"If, when
the unconstitutional •' portion is ¦ stricken 'out,"
that which remains' Is complete in- itself arid
capable of being: executed ' in accordance with
the apparent legislative ' intent, . wholly - Inde
pendent of . that which . was I rejected, it must
be sustained. • ; • . • . • .: If ' a statute attempts
to - accomplish two or more objects ' and is
void, as to .one It- will still, be every respect
complete and .", valid as to • the other." We
; must not ; be ; understood, -' however, : as - In ; any
way expressing an ' opinion ' as to ; the constitu
tionality of . said section 12." .. . - ¦ -
' The judgment appealed' from Is. affirmed/,'-":
In deciding the cases of - Cahen vs.
Wells and Bauer vs. Quinn, both of which
sought to restrain the Auditor from pay-
Alleged ' Unconstitutional \ : Section
Would Not Affect Legality of the
Whole Act, Say Supreme
Court Justices.
NEW CHARTER
% IN NO DANGER
Being officers of the city and county of San
Francisco and recognized as euch by the Free
holders' charter they are subject to its' pro
visions the same as the officers who before
the consolidation were known and recognized
as officers of the city of San Francisco.
The dissenting opinion closes with a
tribute to the "merit system" and opines
that the court should adopt a liberal view
in its construction and resolve all doubts
in favor of the charter and "not weaken
It in a vital point." V
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION
. ERS, "WHOSE POWER IS CON
' SIDERABLY LESSENED.
Francisco, and that since the consolida
tion act there has not been, nor is there
now any county of San Francisco. The
opinion says:
•^«Y^HB much discussed question as to !
I whether the Civil Service Commis-
{ I sion has jurisdiction over the depu
**" ties of the county officers of the
city and county of San Francisco
was decided yesterday by the Supreme
Court, which held that the rules of the
commission do not apply to the deputies
mentioned.
The cases decided by the Supreme Court,
sitting in bank, were as follows: Timothy
C". Crowley, plaintiff and respondent, vs.
J. Richard Freud et al., defendants and
appellants; S. Cahen, plaintiff and appel
lant, vs. Asa R, "Wells, Auditor, etc., de
fendant and respondent, and A. C. Bauer,
. plaintiff and appellant, vs. John E. Quinn
et al., defendants and respondents. "--V ''. .
The cult of Crowley against Freud et al.
,Tva6 brought in the Superior Court to re
. strain the Civil Service Commission from
expending public money for holding ex
aminations of candidates for positions as
deputies in county offices, while in the two
other cases referred to suits were brought
In the lower court to restrain Auditor
TVells from drawing and paying any war
rant in payment of salary of the Civil
Service Commission, or for any expense
of the commission, on the ground that all
provisions of the charter on the subject of
civil service are unconstitutional and void.
Crowley secured judgment In the lower
court, and this ruling was affirmed yester
day In the Supreme Court. In the other
cases, which attacked the existence of the
Civil Service Commission, a general de
murrer was sustained in the lower court,
which judgment was sustained yesterday
by the appellate body. . .
The decision in the case of Crowley vs.
Freud et al. was written by Justice Mc-
Farland and was concurred In by Justices
Harrison, Henshaw and Garoutte. A dis
senting opinion was written by Justice
Van Dyck and concurred In by Justice
Temple and Chief Justice Beatty.
In giving its decision the court first
dwells on the ruling of the lower court,
which held that the consolidated munici
pal government of San Francisco had no
power, through its Civil Service Commis
sion, to prescribe the qualifications of
deputies of county officers, such as Sheriff,
County Clerk and Recorder.
No Power Over County Officers.
As to whether such power exists, the
court said:
The power in . Question does not exist unless
It la granted in that clause of section 8»$ of
article XI of the State constitution, adopted
In 1SS6. which Is as follows: "Where a city
and county government has been merged and
consolidated into one municipal government. It
shall also be competent in any charter framed
under said section 8, of eaid article XI, to
provide Icr the manner in which, the times at
which and the terms for which the several
county officers shall be elected or appointed,
for their compensation and for the number of
deputies that each ehall have, and for the
compensation payable . to each of such
deputies."
The contention of the Civil Service Com
mission, the appellants, that "there is no
. such thing as 'county officer* " in the
boundaries of the city and county of San
Francisco is briefly reviewed by the Su
* preme Court, which holds that "county
officers" do exist in this municipality and
that they are recognized by the section
. <of the Stats constitution above quoted.
*s In dealing with the claim of the appel-
SHIPMENT OF MULES.
Injunction Proceedings * Not Yet
Heard at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, April 6.—The Boer In
junction proceedings to stop the shipment
of mules through New Orleans to the
British army in South Africa were not
taken up In the United States Court. A
supplemental petition was introduced by
the Boer people yesterday and the law
yers representing the other side asked
for time to consider them. Without ob
jection'the case went over until next
Tuesday.
"WASHINGTON', April 6.—The executive
has so far taken no part in the proceed
ings at New Orleans, involving the de
tention of; the British steamship Anglo-
Australia-with a cargo- of mules and
horses, destined for South Africa. But it
is thought that the national Government
will be called upon to take action In the
matter..If. as Is expected, the 'New Or
leans court declines to assume jurisdic
tion. In that cas? the subject would be
one for. diplomatic rather than judicial
treatment.
CECIL RHODES, THE NOTED DIA
MOND MAGNATE AND POWER
IN SOUTH AFRICA.
The decision_ also covered the \ case of
Thompson, Beard & Sons vs. Wells, Fargo
& Co. "i; - '- ' ¦ . ¦¦¦'¦. ¦
The judgment appealed from is, therefore,
affirmed. : . . • " -^ .
The. decision was written by Justice
Henshaw :and concurred in by Justices
Garoutte, Temple, Van Dyke and Chief
Justice Beatty.-.A dissenting opinion was
filed by Justices McFarland and Harrison.
May an ; express company to which has. ad
mittedly been tendered Its ¦ regular charge for
the transportation of a package refuse to ac
cept and transport that package upon its ar
bitrary demand that something more than -.the
regular charge shall be paid ? 7 Here It is true
that the exaction J is < small, amounting to only
one cent, but, if the principle is . good, it
would apply j equally well if the amount were
large. .Being an arbitrary demand of the com
pany, that is to say. a demand which It could
waive at pleasure, it would mean, If the prin
ciple, contended by an appellant' 6e upheld,
that one shipper might receive the services of
the .express company upon payment of. the
regular charge, while others for the same serf
vice would be compelled to pay varying sums,
arbitrarily. exacted, in addition to the regular
charge. So "stated,- and we think the state
ment a' fair one, it will not need discussion, to
show ¦ that • the principle is erroneous, and that
this may not" be done. Each and every ship
per Is entitled .to the services of the companr.
upon the payment of ; the .regular charge for
the same service. ' - ,
Company's Demand Arbitrary.
After quoting the section of ; the war
revenue I act upon .; the '- subject of express
companies the : decision says:
• "If a decision upon this point had been
necessary we entertain no doubt that but
one conclusion*"could have been reached—
that this duty is primarily upon the car
rier. The language of the act seems to
foreclose any controversy, upon the mat
ter." ¦'•:.¦ -; "'•;¦..:
The decision handed down yesterday
says that the Supreme Court of the
United States did not and has not decided
whether primarily the duty to pay- the
tax is cast upon the carrier.
The decision of. the Supreme Court af
firms the judgment of the lower court,
where a writ of mandate was granted to
ioropel the -express company to accept,
carry and deliver a, certain package of
fered' to' it for transportation, ; the offer
being. accompanied by a tender of the full
amount of ¦ defendant's- ; regular charges
for such services.: The company had.re
fused to accept .the package, without a
further payment belngmade by the plain
tiff of ¦ one 'cent or "of 'a one-cent docu
mentary revenue stamp, the tax. provided
by. the United States jaw. of June; 1?, 1598,
commonly- known' siisr tlie war revenue ; act.
r^ede^^-iJeci^ontKotVAppilcable.^^":
; v The contention "of ; counsel for, jthe
press company "that the vCase was 1 fully,
covered* by... the United States Supreme j
Court In its decision In "American
press Company vs. State ': of Michigan ; 177
.U.' S., 404," was not" upheld by the Su
preme I Court j of. this* State.'- The Federal
decision only related to'a case where tjhe
express company had raised its rates ;sb
as to include the expense' of the war.rer T
enue. stamp. The Supreme Court of *the
United States gave a decision in favor of
the express "company on the ground ' that
it had a righ't to make a rate not unrea
sonable, and further that the increased
rate had not? become -unreasonable solely
because increased by -the amount of the
war -tax. "¦¦"--'¦ . - ."
The Supreme Court yesterday , handed
down a decision In the case of The People
al the State of \ California, by - Tirey L.
Ford, ; Attorney General of '¦'• the State,
Plaintiff and respondent, vs. Wells, Fargo
&.Co., a corporation, defendant and ap
pellant. n'V ., /;V: . .',
Hereafter when patrons- of Wells, Fargo
& Co. '. desire to ¦- send 'i packages through
the agency of that organization they, need
not pay the stamp tax hitherto demanded
by the agents ; of - the transporatlon C cor
poration.' ' .¦'¦_.
The Supreme ' Court has
handed down a decision by
which Wells, Fargo & Co. and
other express - corporations
must hereafter •'.. pay i the ; war
revenue tax . on all > shipping
receipts issued to patrons. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901 TWO PA(£eS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 128.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Cecil Rhodes,: Former Premier of Cape Colony, Who Is
Supposed; to Have Greatly -Aided in Bringing on the
War; Is : Reported in London to Be Seriously 111
BOERS KEEP UP THEIR RAIDS
AND BRITAIN STILL POURS
TROOPS INTO SOUTH AFRICA
Express Company Must Put
Stamps on All Receipts
Issued.
Supreme ColirtflaMs
Down Important
Decisiom
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.via the Volga and Caspian Sea and over
land in Persia. The concession gives the
company a sixty-flve-year monopoly. The
company ia apparently backed by the
Government in order to develop Russo-
Perslan commerce. The arrangement does
not contain the slightest reference to the
Persian customs.
Eusso-Persian Trade Agreement.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 6.— The Rus
sian "Steamship Company Nadejda, ¦ en
gaged in th; ""aspian trade, has acquired
a controlling merest in the Persian
Transportation and General Insurance
Company and will conduct transportation
Government is maintaining great secrecy
regaxdlnglts policy, but it is said on good
authority that the Cabinet at. a meeting
held on Friday resolved to communicate
witli- 'Russia In firm terms respecting
Manchuria.
There Is extraordinary activity in naval
and military circles. *.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 6.— The' apo
plectic illnes of Yang Tu, Chinese Min
ister to Russia, after his recent Interview
with Count Lamsdorff , the Russian For
eign Minister, will probably necessitate
his withdrawal from the post. Negotiations
with China at St. Petersburg have ceased
since his 'illness. "
Yang Yu Is in. Serious Condition.
Adjournment was at- once : taken, the
transaction of business .being postponed
until the regular meeting. .
From the dignity and character of the' men
who have served on this board it has attracted
the. attention of the State,, and- -it does, me
honor to be deemed worthy of membership.
What ever pleasure I may have felt at*bet
ing appointed by Governor .Gage to this- • of ffce'
has been greatly augmented • by the kindness
with which you have received me. .' As to the '
matter of the Republican majority sitting on'
the Democratic minority, to which reference
was made by our chairman, I. think- that . we
shall try to have that office performed, when
It Is necessary, by the lightest member: . •
changes the personnel of the commission, ' but
it also changes its political complexion." .•'¦'
I take this opportunity of thanklngV.tJie Dem
ocratic '• majority for generous treatment and
uniform courtesy ' accorded the ¦• Republican
minority for the past two years, and, Mr. Kirk
patrick, I know you will join: me. in, assuring
our Democratic friends that Republicans, never
allow themselves to. be outdone In the matter,
of broad-gauge, liberal treatment of their polit
ical opponents, and should we be compelled In*
the future, aa no doubt we will be, to some
times sit on the minority, it shall, be done
gracefully and without offensive partisanship.
Rudolph Herold Jr. spoke next. H©
said: ¦; . : •• . * -."•". ¦" ;¦• f; n '"¦';,, -v '
: It is my hope that the same cordial sym
pathy and ready co-operation' that' has char
acterized the work of the- -board will' Continue.
I shall do all in my power to that.erid. ¦ - if,,
• Major Harney/ I must express my' deep and
profound regret at this leave-taking.' L' I owe
much gratitude to ' you, . for when I ; took', my ;
seat I knew little of the water front. - *•!, have
much to learn yet, but what knowledge- 1 have
of the harbor was learned under your-Itultion.
Major . Harney has been ¦ to the expansion ,of
the water front what President' McKinley .has
been to .national expansion. •¦• The State loses'
an able, painstaking officer, and the Commie-'
sloners a respected associate. • . i .. ._,..¦
Colonel Kirkpatrick responded -to^ the
hearty welcome given him as follows: •¦:¦.
ment. The report of the committee on re
lations ' and the proposition of Senor
Neuvas was left on the table until after
the question of sending a commission to
Washington shall have been decided. A
special meeting of the convention is being
held to-night, at which the question of
sending a commission to Washington ~ is
being considered. • , ¦
THE Board of Harbor Commission
ers held -a short meeting yester
day, afternoon to - gi\ v e John C.
Kirkpatrick, the. . new .Commis
sioner, opportunity ¦ to enter upon
the duties. of the office. There Was brief
speechmaking-, with compliments : f or Ma-
Jpr P. J. Harney, the retiring member,
and a hearty welcome for his successor. <•,
! ; Political banter and good-natured chaff
1 lne of the single remaining Democratic
member of. the board enlivened proceed
ings, which otherwise were . soberly
formal. Major • Harney,, Haying stepped
down and out and Colonel' Kirkpatrick
having succeeded to the office, the board
nowbasa' Republican majority, and many
hints -.were- jokingly dropped; as to what,
may In good earnest be expected: I ¦'¦'"
A few merchants were present. . After
the reading of the credentials' of Colonel
Kirkpatrick by Secretary English Major
.Harney arose. and said:
I cannot let -this- occasion, go by without ex
pressing ,-Xo my late, colleagruee, ..Mr.^.Xllburn'
and Mr. Herold. • my gratitude for the courtesy
¦with which they have uniformly- treated me.
Our relati&ns have been most pleasant and I
cherish for them the deepest, friendship.
To ex-Governor Budd I am particularly In
debted , for his able advice and assistance as
attorney of the board. I take this opportun
ity of publicly thanking him for the honor he
conferred upon me by appojnting me to this
office. • — - • ¦, ¦ ."....
It aftorde me great pleamire to Introduce my
successor, whose wide business experience and
undoubted executive • ability amply fit him for
membership on this board.-- - - •
President Kllburn spoke briefly as fol
lows-:
Mr. Commissioner Kirkpatrick: 'While we
greatly regret the retirement of Major Harney,
we greet you and give you a most cordial wel
come to the -councils- of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners. Tour coming not only
COLONEL JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, THE NKW HARBOR COMMISSION
ER, AND MAJOR P. J. HARNEY, WHO RETIRES FROM THE OFFICE
AFTER FOUR TEARS OF EFFICIENT SERVICE. : '
OFFICERS GAIN
HIGHER HONORS
President Makes Appoint
ments of Men in Several
Departments.
Position of AK&tetant Commissary
General Is Given to Frank Nye
With. Lieutenant Colonel's
:VA.y ¦• -Bank. .'V-^-yi
WASHINGTON. April 6.— The President
to-day made the following army appolnt
''nienta: * * • -v* ¦¦•/.; sT*
Prmnk B. Nye, to be assistant commissary
<8reneral, with the rank: of lieutenant colonel;
i Robert L& Bullaxd, to be commissary, with -the
¦rank of major; Michael Murray, to be commla- i
:»uy, with the rank of. i captain.
To be "colonel of cavalry— James IS.. BelL
To be lieutenant ootonel df cavalry— Charles
.Morton.
- To be major of cavalry—Henry F. Kendall. -
To be captains of cavalry— Hugh D. Berke
ley, Thomaa D. Carson. Edward B. Cassatt,
i John W. Crate, Hamilton S, Hawkliui... George
IT. Hamilton. Frank Parker, -William H.- Paine,
[Harry H. Pat Us on. Francis I*. Parker, Albert
|E. Saxton. Charles G." Bawtelle - Jr., George
'¦Widemer. Kenele- W. Walker. ~ ' r
• To be. first Ueuteaaat o.f cavalry— Robert B.
Towers.' ' ¦ - - - '-¦ ; \ . ' : -- •' ',
i To be second lieutenant of cavalry— W. S. '
•-Hartln.. . • '' ¦/ - ; , " -"' . ". • • '
To be colonel of infantry— Greenleat A. Good
¦Uo and Bumner H. Lincoln. ¦ . . ''
To bo lieutenant colonels ot ." Infantry— Henry
•H. Adama and John G. Leefe.
¦ To be nsajprn of lnfajitry— "William G. But
tler.* Jamea S. Rogers, Charles G. Starr, Silas '
*A- Wolfe,' : George S. Young. ' V
. To be surgeon, with rack of major— William
B. Banister.
Volnnteer army, to be earseone, with rank
raf major — Samuel G do Kraft. Frederick A.
["Wash burn Jr., Edward A. Remig, James ¦ S.
rWllson. • ¦ - .
1 To be assistant surgeons, with the rank of
: captain— Reuben M. Bonar, Wharton B. Mc
l^Bjaghlta. Thome n T. Jackson. Harold L. Cof
tfln, John C Green wait, James ."W. Madara,
i Milton Vaasrhan, H. Brockman Wilkinson,'
.'Nelson Miles Black, Albert H. Eber.
I Twenty-ninth Regiment— Howard C. Tatum
'to be second lieutenant.
• Tblrty-eecond i • Reglnient —^William IX Clon
•'ton Jr. to be first lieutenant, Gus Hadwlger
*to be eeconfl lieutenant. '
Thlrty-tairt Rtgimentn-Thomaa W. White to
(be second lieutenant.
Thirty-fourth Regiment— Frank Sledenb&ca to
' be oeoond lieutenant.
• Ptorty-f ourth Regiment — Harry R. Frost to be
.<«econd lieutenant.
Forty-Birth Regiment— Walter 8. Wllkeehle
:<to be second lieutenant.
Forty-seventh Regiment — Rudolph E. Smyser
; to be first U»utenant-
Forty-elghth Regiment— Amos A. Careter to
•be second lieutenant; Adolph J. Wakefleld to
be second lieutenant.
CUBAN EDITOR
GOES TO JAIL
Publication of Insulting
Cartoon Arouses Gov
ernor General.
Editor Coranado and Castellanos, the
cartoonist, will be tried for criminal libel.
The former is held under $1000 bonds and
the latter In the sum of $500.
The constitutional convention to-day re
jected the propositions of Senores Quilo
and Giberga regarding the Platt amend-
Senor Capote, president of the Cuban
Constitutional Convention, visited Gen
eral Wood and told the latter that the
convention, individually and as a bodv
regretted the publication of the carica
ture. Senor Capote said the picture mis
represented the feelings of the Cubans,
¦w-ho held General Wood and President
McKinley in the greatest respect and were
deeply grateful to them. On his solicita
tion General Wood' allowed the Discuslon
to continue publication, but the Judges
of the Correctional Court will . prefer
changes.
The picture caused much unfavorable
comment yesterday from the standpoint
of decency. The editor of the paper,
Senor Coranado. .was arrested, but was
released on ball. . —
HAVANA. April 6.— The Dlscuslon was
suppressed for a time to-day by order
of Governor General Wood and. Jts offices
were closed and sealed. This action was
<Jn© to the publication* in - the Dlscusion
yesterday of an illustration having the
title of "The Cuban Calvary," represent
ing the Cuban public personlfled in a.Cu
ban eoldler being crucified between two
thieves. General Wood being represented
as one thief and President McKinley as
the other, being labeled with their names.
Senator Platt was represented as a Ro
man soldier giving vinegar and gall In
the form of the Platt amendment, with
public opinion, as Mary Magdalen, weep
ing at the foot of the cross. Below was
the following inscription: "Destiny will
not reserve for us a glorious resurrec
tion."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call,
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N:
W., "WASHINGTON. April 6.— The main-
tenance of the integrity of the Chinese
empire seems again probable. In the opin
ion of the officials and diplomats here,. as
the result of the withdrawal by Russia
of the Manchurian convention and formal
explanation of her. policy with respect to
the Far Eastern question. . While highly
gratified with the present situation, due
to the magnanimity of Russia, the author
ities appreciate that developments may
occur which may ugaln place the Integrity
of China in Jeopardy. .
Jealousies of the powers are apt at any
moment to precipitate an ugly situation.
The : London report, for instance, that
Japan has declined to accept the Russian
explanation and has addressed a strong
remonstrance to the Russian Government,
Is an Indication of the attempt made to
¦foment trouble between Russia and other
nations. It is known to be true that some
days ago Japan submitted a note to the
Russian Government strongly objecting to
the signing of the Manchurian convention.
This representation was not, however, in
answer to the Russian declaration of yes
terday. No dqubt exists that the aban
donment of the Manchurian convention by
Russia will be satisfactory to Japan and'
will serve to allay the war spirit engen
dered by its negotiations.
PEBJOA2TENT GTJAiRDS IN.CHINA.
_ American and Russian Commanders
IMffer From Other Generals.
PEKING, April 6.— The meeting of the
generals of the allied troops and Count
von Waldersee this morning was of great
interest- and importance, though it was
known beforehand what had practically
been decided upon. Still, .the meeting
showed conclusively the of the
different powers. The .„ only dissenters
from the plan adopted were General Chaf
ree, the American commander, and'Gen
eral Wogack, commander of the Russian
forces, who, both thought that the number
of : points to be occupied was excessive
-ana. also that the number, of troops was
• too great. The other generals were unani
mous in the opinion that nine points on
-the right should be occupied between Pe
.king and Shanhaikwan with G00O men, ex
clusive of the 2000 in Peking. -This will be
measure, while the reduction
of the present forces will be made accord
ing: to the wishes of the respective gov
ernments. ; The railway between Paoting
firand Peking will not be guarded, it not
being in line of communication with the
se ft''-i:'i •'¦-•'- ¦; ' '.', '.; ¦;.-¦"•-. -''¦•¦¦'. .".i : ;.*m ' : •
General Chaffee suggested that it was
only necessary to- occupy two points be
tween Yangtsun^ana? Tientsin and three
between Tientsin and Shanhalkwan,". with
artotalipf.20P0 tnerir«xclusive of those at
Peking. It was not necessary, he said to
have, soldiers at, Tpngku, as naval vessels.
were always there ana because the reliefs"
.wouldvbe passing backward and forward.
General Wogack thought that 1000 men
would be sufficient for occupying Tientsin
and Shanhaikwan.- • • '„-¦
: The views of the majority will be pre
sented to the Ministers for immediate ac
tion, as the generals feel that the accept
ance by the Chinese of the terms,-includ
ing, the- total destruction of the forts at
.Shanhaikwan, -Peitang, Taku, -Tongku,
Peltsan and Yangtsun: will mean complete
-submission, . when ai-rangements ought to
be made for the /withdrawal' of a majority
of the forces from China.' c '» .
WARLIKE TALK PB-EMATTJBJE.
Japan Expresses . Indignation Before
Baceiving Latest News.
"WASHINGTON. April 6.— The Japanese
Minister, Mr.: Takahira, has received no
word from, his .Government since the lat
est Russian declaration was communicat
ed to JaDan. • The Minister 'says it is
probable that the London dispatch ap
pearing- to-day in American newspapers
as to the .warlike attitude of Japan prob
abiy was sent put before the Russian dec
laration had been received by the Japan
ese Government. The dispatch alluded to
stated that the Japanese Government had
decided that Russia's reply concerning
Manchuria was unsatisfactory and that
a peremptory j remonstrance, amounting
practically to an ultimatum, would be de
livered to Russia. ¦-. ¦ • • 4
This appeared to refer to Russia's latest
declaration. But on examination it is
clear that it could not have referred to
the latest Russian declaration, as this
was not sent to the powers until Thurs
day night after the warlike dispatch was
sent out from Japan.
This leaves open the question of Japan's
policy on the case as now presented by
Russia and removes, the impression that
she has peremptorily rejected the Russian
statement. The Japanese and,.- Chinese
Ministers - were at the State Department
to-day. They came, however, in, quest
of information ¦ and to discuss the general
aspects. of the situation- i
TUAN'S FATE IS DECIDED.
Death Sentence of the Prince Will Be
Commuted to Banishment.
BERLIN/ April 6.— It Is stated that
Prince Tuan's fate has finally been de
cided.. His -death sentence ,¦ will be com
muted to banishment to Turkestan. The
list of guilty Chinese provincial authori
ties Includes only four to be beheaded and
several degradations." The Chinese com
missioners are surprised that the. guilty
officials should escape with such liffht
p.unfshment. The informant -of the corre
spondent added:, "And well they may.". ' :
The Frankfurter Zeitung publishes an
other, letter, from Peking containing a ver
batim account of the Interview between
Dr.;Mumm von Schwartzenstein, German
Minister to, China, and a Chinese- Prince .
The most Interesting point in the Inter
view, is the Prince's, open admission that
if the allied troops are- now withdrawn
the . Boxers j would immediately appear in
strong force. The Prince added: "This
Li Hung Chang and Prince Chwang.like
wise know."
rBTTSSIANS FIGHT CHINESE.
"With Heavy Loss.
Several Thousand Celestials Defeated
". BERLIN, April 6.— A diipatch to the
Cologne Gazette from. St. Petersburg says
hard fighting Is reported to have occurred
between the "• First, Second and • East - Si
berian Rifles- regiments and several thou
sand of Chinese troops I between I Kobantsy
and Sinminting. The Russians lost a cap
tain: and several men. killed, and a lieu
tenant colonel," several' other officers and
many men wounded. : .The Chinese ' lost
heavily, and ¦ retreated with ' the , Russians
pursuing them.: The date of: the engage
ment is not mentioned in thp dispatch re
ceived. ..• '¦:'--. ¦ ¦ .
itetjtraijIzation': of .-. korea.
Japan;
Eussia's Alleged Proposal Befused by
; LONDON, , April " 7.— The Shanghai cor
respondent ; of .-; the I Sunday : special . says
it '. has , that ' Russia"; recently
proposed 1 ; to ; Japan the neutralization . of,
Korea." but ' that 'Japan refused the prop-'
osltlon;.as -.Insufficiently made regarding
her interests. < .-*¦ JSStiP^sSssiMsasggmtaBSgmJ;
YOKOHAMA; April .6.— The Japaniise
Russia's WitMrawal
of Convention
; ' Aids China.
Jealousies of the Powers,
However, Apt to:(iause •
Further Trouble.
MAINTAINS
TEMPORARY
INTEGRITY
Major P. J. Harney Retires Amid Com
pliments and Colonel Kirkpatrick
Takes Up the Duties of the Office
HARBOR COMMISSION
CHANGES COMPLEXION
THE SAN FRAKClSCp^CALLi SUNDAY^ APRIIi 7, 1901.
14
English bankers In China give nativ<
commercial men a name for strict busi
ness honesty. , •
•A Month's Test Free.
If you haveRheumatlsm,wrlteDr. Shoop.Radne,
W!s.,boxl37,for six bottles of hisRheumatlcCure,
express paid. Send no money. Pay $5.50 if cured 4
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco.
Just as Good
as Cheap,
as Stylish!
We manufacture good shoes la
this city, and every pair can be
guaranteed for wear. Shoes that
fit the foot look stylish and are
comfortable. They are union-made*
and bear the stamp. Help our local
industries by calling for home-
made union shoes. Ladies' fino vlci
kid lace shoes, kid, cloth or fancy
vesting tops; coin toes and tips,
flexible soles; all widths and sizes.
Price >Mi. .*•<>. In black or tan.
'Just out. SO-page Illustrated Cat-
alogue. Send for one. v '
PHiLAQELPHIA~SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
nil A fir These hotels poi-
lALAuL sess the attributes
• * that tourists and
Qlin travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
PBANn lib «ral manage-
UnrlllU ment, modern ap-
UflTC! O pointments and
MUILLOj P erfe ct cuwine,
' American and Eu-
Sail FranClaCQ. ropean plans.
Such as Pimples; Boils, Eczema, and . otKer ; Loss of
* Appetite, Bilious Turns, Fits of Indigestion and Headache,
That Tired Feeling and General Lassitude, proceed from a vitiated
condition of the blood, which- is common in the Spring,' and affects all the
• ¦ organs and tissues. .It is a condition in which the blood circulates an
• accumulation of* waste: matters which litter the system and clog , its processe^.
... : You; :have- one-or,more of these Spring^AilmentSa yoursell v ot you
are -one of the. rare -exceptions to the rule. * •;. O
It is^at least a fair assumption _- that ydu^like^most^people, need^
'to^purify your blood -this Spjing. : : ,
Now, what will you take?-^what~mayMo"<^eiwwJ^iDr^hat2win_do^it?
'Hood's Safsap'arilla and , Pills will do it: JV •
JThis statement is verified by the experience ot thousands
• These preparations combinethe most potent alterative or blbpd purify-; ;
mg, diuretic or kidney stimulating,/ cathartic, or, liver, stomach -arid - bowel /•; \
cl eansing, and tonic * or ' strength-giving, subst'ancesj carefully j selected and .
. . pr^arecY.byffufly^ Theicombination ofr
Hood § % S(iFS(zp{ii*illci
Fulfills; as physicians -say, all -the • indications of Spring ;¦.; Ailments—
. that _is, , .meets, all their* requirements —purifying .^ the blood . and . so acting.-,-
on the;.organs;.t)f digestion/ and -secretion* as to make the, effect? on- : the : j
blood" permanerijt, and restore-healthy functional activity to [the whole 'system;
; Hood's Sarsaparilia and Pills make the Spring, Medicine^ par^excel-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
WEEKLY CALL
Illll I Great Men And Women |
7 /^-O^3 m^ b "I join Senators Sullivan. Miss Nellie Hanna, niece of fy 'Sj/'f /\
(^^k. 'Hoc. \fc Roach and MicEnery in their Senator M. A. Hanna, writes g^ faj V->\^S\ I
\^^I^M» pf /Opinion of Peruna as an effective from 1331 F St., N. W., Wash- |g- \Sss^J^W I
,.', . \^^^^w catarrh remedy." — General Joe ington, D. C: "I have used your jg< '
¦"-'¦,' I * ''Persuaded by a friend I have Pleasure in recommending- it to all |^- £^^^'^ /
\^oK |lj[ ' used Peruna as a tonic and am sufferers." — Miss Nellie Hanna. a£ E^^ f
•: '/^° n« a(^ to testify that it has greatly Miss Anna Bryan, cousin, ci ||. vf/f
)«v C^ 5^— ' • helped me in strength, vigor and J. Bryan, writes from I4SQ jfcf ff( ({s-\ 1
N^^p K°5 "I can conscientiously recom- a &° to take your Peruna, and I Wr/ /
¦'¦'".¦ •: 5 -.; -Vvy * men d your Peruna as a fine tonic no . w feel like a new person." %'& Wrf /
¦ V ¦ I rJJy' l en Z SacSSfS 2&JS5Z- »«"•"-«-» £ I ;-« .
&l ¦ fP nn S and for those who suffer rJ^fmJ? en^r to^ oach writ «s from &S * £
• . . ¦ .... !i ISimiP I '
5 £ 1' ury, Washington, D. C with grood results." ito? {%
' &C ' ' ' ' ¦ -V • ¦ ? rona •"• Roach. , '.-.:,•,-?>•, j Sj
M C ' ¦* \ 1 1 r\. O A 1 1C\ '-'¦ \
juh More cut prices — another saving sale on drugs, medicines and . \W
jsj' i Another chance for the provident folks to buy goods at less than >
l|i tfther stores pay for them— one week only. ;
lj t ,' Lola Montez Cream 50c .Roger & Gallet's Soap 3 for 55c
f', : . Nettfe Harrison's famous cream Violet Soap, regular 3 cakes for [ j
j ',[, sells at other stores for 75c. , 75C- .
fit -• ¦" ... . 25c Cake of Cuticura and one ca\e of , '
Iftjl /Other, stores charge 50c, our Madame Churchill's Skin Soap J
>^r\ Ma'vina Cream ¦ 25c ' Munyon's Soap " 10c hjJt
T&i\ A saving of 10c for. this week. ¦ " Regular price 15c. htjj
• Wt' 1 Sheffield's Dentifrice 2 for 25c ' Burk's Irish Whiskey $1-00 w\\
lift' A tooth cream In tubes selling > "- Quart bottle usually sells for $1.25 fill
\*%.: regularly for 25c. Clan-Castle Scotch Whiskey $1.00 if/ 1/
>V\W* Bourjois Java Powder 25c . High grade whiskey for $i.5o. .ijil
\v% ¦ This usually sells for 50c. Ladies' Bulb SvrinSe 25c Jit 'I
Vw Dorin Theatre Rouge ; 15c Three hard rubber pipes, reg- • ff'//Starts for the Riviera, ~
LONDON, April 6.— Lord Salisbury
started for the Riviera this momlngv
Dr. Clarke Garden, once of Omaha but
now of Chicago, holds a judgment against
Mrs. Carter in the sum of S1000 for ser
vices rendered her In a mcilco-leKal ca
pacity durine the trial of her rather sen
sational divorce case against her husband
more than ten years ago. The Judgment,
v.-ith interest, now amounts to nearly $1803.
To satisfy this the Sheriff attempted to
levy on the wardrobe of the actress.
OMAHA, April 6.— Mrs. Leslie Carter,
v. ho Is playing Zaza here, came within an
f-ce of losing her gowns and Jewels this
evening. A deputy sheriff attempted to
levy an execution thereon. Mrs. Carter's
raanagrer eaid the articles did not belong
to her. They were merely "properties"
loaned the actress by the grace of her
manager, Charles Frohman.
Had this not been true Zaza's career
•would have come to a sad termination.
Armed with an execution from the County
Court. Sheriff Power and a deputy trod
the boards at the theater, and. unknown
to the audience, enacted a little drama
of their own while the performance was
etm on. -
Epecl&l Dlspavri to The Call.
TRIES TO TAKE
GOWNS OF ZAZA
Some of his fellow workmen, hearing
the shot, hurried to his aid and found him
bleeding and unconscious. He was car
ried to the ranchhouse, ' where every ef
fort was made to stanch the flow of blood
till the arrival of medical assistance from
Livermore. As soon as the doctors saw
the patient they said that there was little
hope of saving his life. He lingered about
thirty hours after the accident.
Yardell arrived at Livermore from
Idaho only a few weeks ago. He was a
stranger In. Livermore and nothing is
known there of his family connections.
He was 23 years of age. The remains
were removed to the branch morgue in
Livermore, where Coroner Mehrmann
will hold an Inquest next Monday evening.
Fred Tanlell, -a Livermore ranchman,
died near that place last evening from a
wound inflicted by his own revolver. The
weapon fell from his pocket while he was
climbing a fence and was discharged as
it struck the ground., the bullet penetrat
ing his abdomen.
The unfortunate man was employed on
the John Scott ranch, near Livermore.
Tbe accident which caused his death oc
curred as he was going about his work on
the place last Thursday. .
1118 Broadway, April 6.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
FATALLY INJURED
BY OWN WEAPON
Collier Merrimac, Which Obstructed
Santiago Harbor, Is Blown
V7 •*>•¦.¦ •;•'/•¦ Up.. . V-W:
. SANTIAGO DE ! CUBA, April 6.— The
collier, Merrimac, which : was blown up
and sunk in the harbor by Lieutenant
Hobson while Admiral Cervera's fleet was
Inside In 1898, was successfully destroyed
by a ton of dynamite to-day. Hitherto'
it has been . extremely dangerous for ves
sels to attempt .the narrow entrance to
the harbor, but now that this wreck has
been destroyed it Is .perfectly safe.
A great crowd ¦ on shore witnessed the
blowing up of the old hulk.
HOBSOITS WORK UNDONE
BY A TON OE DYNAMITE
Census of the United Kingdom Indi
cates That There Has Been an
Fxtraordinary Decrease.
LONDON, April 6.— Tha census 'of the
United Kingdom, taken last Sunday
night, will ! not be tabulated for some
time, but the indications are that the
population of England, Ireland. Scotland
and Wales is more than 50,000,000. The
percentage of increase is less than in
the previous decade. Depopulation of
rural districts In favor of cities Is most
marked. - - . ¦ -. ¦ -^
Ireland's population is less than it was
ten years ago and probably .lower than
at any other time in the nineteenth cen
tury. ¦ . ..¦ ¦ . -
IBELAND'S POPULATION —
IS REMARKABLY SMALL
Timely Action of an Aleppo Muezzin
Prevents a Panic at the Sultan's
Reception.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 6.— During
the panic resulting from an earthquake
shock, felt at the time of the Sultan's re
ception last Sunday in the palace, a Muez
fcin from Aleppo, possessed of a
magnificent' voice, began chanting a
prayer . from the Koran for pro
tection against earthquakes. His
voice rose above the tumult and had an
Instantaneous effect on those present. Tha
Sultan, who had taken a few steps from
the throne,' and all other Moslems present,
holding their hands before them, joined
in the supplication of the Muezzin.
Afterward the band resumed playing
and the reception was continued.
CHANTING OP A PRAYER
STAYS THE MULTITUDE
• Commander Beehler then spoke to King
Victor Emmanuel concerning Signor Mar
coni. The King, replying, said:
"Marconi will soon have to do military
service, but we shall arrange to assign
him to a vessel upon which he can con
tinue his experiments while fulfilling his
military duties." '
2£ You have nothing to learn from-, us.
The United States are at the head in na
val matters."
Commander Beehler found Austria and
ItaJy to be fully alive j In naval matters.
At Trieste, "Austria. Is constructing: three
large battleships on the latest models. He
found the Austrian navy to be In excel
lent condition. Italy will launch two new
battleships during 1901 and begin the con
struction of two others In the yards at
Spezia. ;.
At Home Commander Beehler was pre
sented to 'be Klne of Italy, with whom
he had a jng conversation. Kins Victor
Emmanuei saidto the American naval of
ficer:
BERLIN, Aj>rll 6.— Commander WUHam
H. Beehler. the United States Naval At
tache at Berlin, Vienna and Home, has
returned from his trip of inspection to the
navy-yards of Austria and' Italy.
Inventor Marconi Will Soon
Be Obliged to Do Mili
tary Service.
King Victor Graciously
Receives Commander
Beehler,
ITALY 'S RULER
SAYS WE LEAD
WORLD'S NAVIES
BY CABLE ;tO THE CALU
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
LONDON. April 6.— Private information
has been received here that a movement Is
on foot In the United - States looking to
the consolidation of all the great packing
interests of Chicago, Omaha and Kansas
City. Though . the matter is as yet very
indefinite, negotiations are apparently be
ing carried on in London with a view of
securing some sort of co-operation or as
sistance financially 'and commercially.
OMAHA, Nebr.. April 6.— Edward A.
Cudahy, head of the Cudahy packing ln-
Reports From London Say That Chi
cago, Kansas City and Omaha
Interests Are Uniting.
PIG PACKING COMPANIES
MAY FORM A TRTTST
terests In this city and a recognized au
thority on matters pertaining to that busi
ness, was seen to-night with regard to the
dispatches from London that a large com
bination of the packing Interests was be
ing formed. Mr. Cudahy said be knew
nothing of such a consolidation. He said,
however,, that It was possible for such am
organization to be in progress without bis
knowledge, but that this was the first In
formation he had of such an amalgama
tion.
Macedonian Committeexnes Arrested.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, April «.—The leading
members of the Macedonian committee.
Including M. Sarafoff. were arrested last
night. The building In which the com
mittee met has been sealed up.
After standing ' for over 300 years the
structure is now to make way for mod
ern buildings, which will soon replace- all
the old haunts so dear to Dickens.
LONDON, April 6.— The Black Bull Inn,
the last of the ancient hostelries in Hol
born, ia to be pulled down. . It was here
that Dickens laid the scene of the nurs
ing experiences of Mrs. Gamp and Betsy
Prig and where the Immortal Sairey per
petuated so many of her historic experi
ences, f • ' ¦ ¦ *
by the Novelist Is Doomed
• to Destruction.
Scene of Some Celebrated Descriptions
DICKENS' FAMOUS INN
WILL BE -TORN DOWN
BERLIN, April 6.— The Lpkal Anzelger
states that in well informed circles here
it Is not regarded' as impossible that
Signor Xanardelll will make proposals for
changes In the treaty of the triple alli
ance. No doubt, however, is felt that the
treaty will be renewed, especially as -the
advantages from it are chiefly on the side
of Italy. The treaty does not expire until
May 6, 1903, nnd it will continue un
changed from that date unless it Is de
nounced twelve months in advance.
Likely to Endure.
Changes, but Compact Is
Italy Will Probably Ask for Minor
TRIPLE ALLIANCE MAY
.REVISE THE TREATY
NEW YORK, April 6.— Men prominent
in the local trade are inclined to discredit
the report that the Vickers Sons & Maxim
have ' purchased a i site on the Delaware
River for the . erection of a shipbuilding
and ordnance plant. It is known that the
Great Britain corporation has been nego
tiating for some time past for a gun,
plant in this country, and < It is believed
that when the works are finally decided
upon they will go up somewhere in Penn
sylvania. ¦ ¦
Rumor Abroad That, a Large Estab
lishment May Be Constructed Some- |
. , where in Pennsylvania.'
ENGLISH GTTN-MAKERS
WANT' A PLANT HEBE
The localities which escaped the plague
show a satisfactory though uncompensat
ing Increase. For instance Madras, which
has gained 8 per j cent over 1S9L • .
LONDON, April 6.— The depopulation of
India through famir.e and cholera is as
suming alarming proportions. The latest
advices from Simla say the census returns
of the central provinces enow a decrease
of over a million since 1891, when under
normal conditions an increase of a mil
lion and a half might have been expected.'
It is expected that five millions have
died in India since 1S9G from causes direct
ly due to the famine. In Western India
things are even worse. The Odepoor State
returns show a, decrease of 84,000, or 45
per cent of the population; the State of
Bhopaul shows a decrease of 808,000; the
district of Banda shows a decrease of 124,
000, and so on. In Bombay City the popu
lation'has diminished by 50,000. ' ¦ ¦
Depopulation - Caused by Cholera
Reaches an Appalling Figure in
All of the Cities.
DEATH HAS ENORMOUS
HARVEST IN IOT)IA
Under , these circumstances the deputa
tion is naturally perplexed how to avoid
giving utterance to the sentiment upper
most in Roman Catholic minds in connec-.
tion with royalty and at the same timo
frame an address not replete with mean
ingless platitudes. Since the war broke
out the- public expressions of Cardinal
Vaughan have given great offense to ths
majority of Roman Catholics in England
who are Irish born. They have taken
the position that . this auestlon is one of
politics and not religion and hence are
opposed to the Cardinal's views.
A leading Catholic paper, the Catholic
Times, is outspoken in declaring that the
coronation oath. Is one which under all
circumstances should be subjected to pro
test wherever a public expression of Cath
olic opinion is made, and should the dep
utation leave out a reference to this sub
ject the result may put to a Bevere test
the loyalty of the lay Catholics toward the
Cardinal.
LONDON. April 6.— A deputation of Ro
man Catholics who will visit the King
next week to present an address have a
rather delicate problem to face. The text
of all addresses must be submitted for
royal approval before presentation for the
double purpose of preventing any false
note and at the same time of. affording
to royalty an opportunity for framing an
appropriate answer.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
Representatives of the Church
Will Call on Edward
This Week.
VISIT TO KING
IS PERPLEXING
TO CATHOLICS
Court Deputation In
trusted With a Deli
cate Mission.
EDITORS HEAP
THEIR WRATH
ON THE KAISER
German Press Continues
to Comment on His
. ..•¦¦'
Great Britain or Japan Sus
pected of Trying to Cause
New Trouble.
PORTO RICANS
IN HAPPY MOOD
The case "of Frederick W. Beyer of Gera,
formerly a large Importer and dealer In
American meals, who was ruined by the
local authorities rendering his trade im
possible, is now in the highest land court
at Jena, -which has decided. that the State
does not owe Beyer the damages of 50,000
marks which he claims. Beyer will carry
the case to the imperial court at Leipsic.
The German press comments unfavor
ably on the farewell speech ' of C. P.
Bryan, United States Minister to Brazil
at Port Allegra, in which Mr. Bryan was
quoted as counseling the German resi
dents of Brazil to contribute to the wel
fare of that country without wounding
the national sentiments of the Brazilians.
A letter in relation . to this matter from
a prominent German of Rio de Janeiro
is making- the rounds of the press. This
letter says Mr. Bryan's words were tact
less and that the American Minister in
terfered in matters which did not con
cern him, and denies that Germany seeks
political Independence for the German
residents in Southern Brazil.
The fact of the matter is that the Em
peror's utterances have been interpreted
in all ways, to suit everybody's taste and
partyism. .
The paper then dissects the Emperor's
toast concerning Russian-German rela
tions, and says it is evident that some
body Is systematically trying to embroil
these hitherto friendly relations, and that
from the Emperor's hints this can only be
Great Britain or Japan. The paper con
cludes:
"Where on -earth are our new English
friends?" -
The Cologne Volks Zeitung says Em
peror William's words to the Emperor
Alexander Grenadier. Regiment upon the
occasion of their Installation In their new
barracks near the - Emperor's palace,
when he called them his life guards, have
been received everywhere with - dismay
and amazement, but sadder still is the
fact that the Emperor had the regiment's
barracks built In close proximity to the
castle, which shows that the Emperor
meant what he said upon that occasion.
BERLIN, April 6.— The entire German
press Is still greatly excited over the Em
peror" a recent utterances, on the occasion
of his toasts and the reviews in' to-day's
weekly press confirm -this condition.
Governor Allen Says the
Rule of Uncle Sam Is
Agreeable.
When asKed about tha' alleged unpopu
larity of the Hollander tax law Governor
Allen explained that there was naturally
much misunderstanding i about the inau
guration of . the pureiy American "system,
of taxation, . based upon property valua
tions, to take the place of the old Spanish
system that had been. lr vogue for over
300 years. He said that the total valuation
of the property in Porto Rico would be
close to $100,000,000 and under the law bur
one-half of l'per cent, it is believed, couM
be levied for municipal purposes and the
same for insular purposes. This would re
tire about $1,000,000. The other million
necessary to make .op the total budget
would be raised by excise taxes on rum,
cigars, cigarettes, etc.
Governor Allen explained that the corn
plaint made against the features , of. the
Hollander -law, which enly allows six
months -for the. redemption of property
sold for taxes, was one that could be. rem
edied . . by the > next LegislatU'-e, which
meets In December, «f thp time was found
to be too short. -Governor Allen said that
the taxation under the Hollander law was
lower J than -. In any of . the States of this
country. , '-;
Causes of the Complaints.
I believe that Senator Foraker bullded more
wisely than he knew in the organic - law cov
ering the island, and I feel, after a somewhat
ultimate acquaintance with the situation, that
that law Itself, interpreted In the spirit in
which it was made, will be found to work
quite satisfactorily In Porto Rico for some
time to come. ¦
In the old established Industries In Porto
Rico there has been a great improvement in
all except coffee growing and production. Un
fortunately, this is languishing at the present
time. The production of sugar has been in
creased from 40,000 tons last year to probably
100.000 tons estimated for this year. The sugar
industry is bound to flourish, owing to the
tariff discrimination in its favor. Upon the
crop estimated for this year the Porto Rlcans
will save $3,500,000 In tariff duties. The orange
Industry is being increased by the Investments
of Americans. The fruit is delicious and there
Is plenty of land to be had for the cultivation
of oranges.
Recently persons who are Interested in the
growing of lilies and other flowers, as well
as onions and potatoes In Bermuda, have been
looking over the Island with a view to trans
ferring to Porto Rico the agricultural Indus
tries that have made Bermuda famous. A
faint idea of what this would met a to the
islands can be gathered from the far ttat last
year this country Imported fronr Iwmuda.
400,000 bushels of onions alone.
The civil government established In Porto
Rico Is working smoothly. • The various de
partments have been organized and our . ad
ministration is seemingly giving general sat
isfaction. In a- material way there has been
wonderful progress. Most of the land . which
was not under cultivation under the old regime
is being taken up and being made profitable.
There is a great field in the island for products
that' can be shipped to the United States,, es
pecially - oranges and other fruits. The ad
vantages possessed by the Porto Rican fruit
growers, on account of the discrimination in
their favor as far as tariff duties are con
cerned, which will be Increased when all duties
are removed July 1, cannot but result In mak
ing It a great fruit growing country.
Conditions in the Island.
Speaking about the affairs of the island
Governor Allen said that the situation
had Improved very materially In every
way. since he ' became Governor over a
year ago. He said further:
It ia pretty well understood that Gov
ernor Allen came to Washington In the
hope that the President would relieve him
of his duties in Porto Rico and that he
a*ked the President to do so, but the
President prevailed upon him to continue
at the head of the administration of af
fairs of the island. Governor Allen en-
Joys the confidence of the President to
a very great degree and he felt that it
was his duty to accede to the wishes of
the chief executive.
After the conference, however. Gov
ernor Allen announced that he would not
resign and would return to his duties
about the first week In May, after set
tling up some private affairs in Boston.
WASHINGTON, April 6.— Charles H.
Allen, Governor of Porto Rico, who ar
rived in Washington this morning, had
an hour's conference with President Mc-
Kinley to-day. Great interest was mani
fested in Governor Allen's visit, on ' ac
count of rumors that have been rife ever
since he sailed from San Juan that it was
his Intention to relinquish his post in the
island.
THE SAN FRANCISpO: CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 7, 1901.
15
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
AD VEBTISZMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
To Keep Well.
It is easy to keep well; if we would only
observe each day a few simple rules of
health. ¦
The all Important thing is to keep the
stomach rlgrht, ¦ and to do this It is not
necessary -to diet or to follow a set rule
or • bill of fare. Such pampering-, simply
makes a capricious appetite and. a feeling
that certain favorite articles of food must
be avoided. •
Professor Wlechold gives pretty good
advice on this subject. He says.— ,"1 am
68 years old and have never had a serious
illness,. and at the same time my life has
been largely an indoor one, but I early
discovered : that the way to keep healtiiy
was to keep a healthy stomach, not by
eating bran crackers or dieting of any
sort; on the contrary I always eat what
my appetite craves, but for the past eight
years I have made it a daily practice to
take .one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after- each meal, and I attribute
my robust health for a man of my age
to the regular dally use of, Stuart's Tab-
lets. •• ¦ ' "i
-"¦"My physician -first advised me to use
them because he said they were perfectly
harmless and were not , a : secret patent
medicine, 'but contained only. the natural
digestives, . peptones 'and, diastase, and
after using them a few ,' weeks I - ¦ have
never ceased to "thank him for his advice.
"I honestly believe the habit of taking.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets , after meals is
the real health habit, because their use
brings health to the sick and ailing and
preserves health to the well and strong."
Men and -women past flfty years, of. age
need a safe digestive after meals to insure
a perfect digestion. and to ward off dis-
ease, and the safest, best known and roost
widely " used is Stuart's " Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. ' - ¦¦ ¦¦ ---- • : ;.
• They are' found ' in every well regulated
household from Maine to California, and
In Great Britain and Australia are rapidly,
pushing. their way into popular favor. ~
• All drug-grists sell Stuart's "Dyspepsia
.Tablets.: full . sized • packages i at 60 events,
and for a weak stomach a 50-cent package
will of ten do flfty ' dollars worth of good.
AN EASY WAY
spring'jstyles Illj
@ WALK-ON B
d>O fif/Tk CIIACC ft MB
Lfldics' Aden's xS^r
>^V Fine French Kia Oxford Fine Patent Leather J^^K
J&JXL Ties, Cloth or Kid Top, Lace, Kid Top, Genuine jSgtfi&ak.
>^9iS!3k Kan<1 Turne<J Soles. Latest Welted, Sewed Soles, New .^SrelllW
Coin Toe. New Military London Toe $3.50 >S?!l|i
£^#S Heele or Louis XIV French eW^^SS
%-ir Heels $3.5O Eun« Style In French
ySj/Ak Fine French Kid Oxford ' ***¦ V F^MBk
h!U_m Tiee. Genuine Welted, Fine Vlcl Kid Lace, Gen- ifflitfk.
j^j'pfevl 6ewed Soles. Stitched ulne Welted Sewed Soles, J&£g£kMt
f/S«g£V*l Edges, New Coin Toe and Btltched Edges. Narrow. //ASSt&Si
f^C*^^J Tip 93.5O Medium end 'Wide Coin
r%£v^ Extra quality Vlcl Kid, ° e * 111111 93.5O /^^^A
»'1«<1 l?**- aolh or Kld Toi> ' French Calf. Box Ca.lt ±&»$m
S3' 3 elt*d. Sewed Soles. and Velour Calf Lace, S^T'»«
Eg*3 S Etltched Edges, all the Ute W e I t ed . Bewed Boles, ' 4s5"^fflr
E>V'f style Toes, Patent Leather Ptitched Edges, all Etyle '^3SP*I
+TI& TJ » ° r Kld T1 P ?3J5O Toes $3.00 ve&W
%'# Same styles, with Drht, A Great Variety of Low W&¥
•dr Hand Turned Boles. $3.50 Shoes. \gy
tFor tvle and "ervice "Wa'k On" SNes jH$!k
Kt% Eqna.1 to Those Bold Elsewhere for *5 or tt. If not as J&£§$K
RepreEented Return Them and Get Your Money Back. asis^iSsSO
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. ¦<&§£$$$*¦
Mondas we trill put on eale 20 cases of MEN'S FINE MH&Wll
VICI KID LACE, Genuine Welted. Sewed Soles, Latest '»;$£fci?a
Style, Medium Coin Toe, Regular Price 53.50. to be closed «4^^/l
NOLAN BROS., ffl-
<zZ?-A 812-8*4 MAFKET TR 7 ET.
XWMA BTORB CLOSES AT « P. M. SATURDAYS ATUP.M. BrisiM'
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
_ TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
;,, . ¦ .' . : ' \
To Prove what Swamp-Root, tbe Great K'dney Remedy, Will
Bo for YOU, Eygry Reader of the "Call" May Ha?e a
Sampls Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
. Weak and unhealthy kidneys . are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other d r e:ase, therefore when
through neg ect or other causes, kidney trouble Is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but .your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first. v iv
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be-
cause as soon as your \kidncy.s are well they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
Tbe mild and Immediate effect of Dr. ney, bladder and uric add diseases, poor
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney digestion, when obliged to pass your
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It water frequently night and day, smarting:
stands the highest for Its wonderful cures or Irritation in passing, brickduat or sedl-
of the most distressing cases. Swamp- ment In the urine, headache, backache.
Root will set your whole system right, lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, ner-
and the best proof of this Is a trial. vousness, heart j disturbance due to bad
11 Wut mth St. New York City., kidney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
Dear Sir: October 15, 1900. blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes.
"I had been suffering severely from kidney bloating. Irritability, wornout feeling-, lack
trouble. AH symptoms were on hand; my of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow complex-
former strength and power had left me; I ion or Blight's disease.
could hardly drae myself along. Even my If your water, when allowed to remain
mental capacity was giving out, and often I undisturbed In a glass or bottle for twen-
wished to die. It was then I saw an advertise- ty-foUr hours, forms a sediment or set-
ment of yours in a New York paper, but would t Hng or has a cloudy appearance it is evl-
any harmful drugs. I am 70 years and 4 ? r - Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
months old, and with a rood conscience I can der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
recomroend Swamp-Root to all sufferers from derful success in both slight and severe
kidney troubles. Four members of my family cases. Doctors recommend It to their pa-
have been using Swamp- Root for four different tlents and use It In their own families, be-
kldney diseases, - with the same good results." cause they recognize In Swamp-Root tha
With many thanks to you, I remain, greatest and most successful remedy.
. Very truly yours, Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
ROBERT BBRNER. for sale the world over at druggists In
You may have a sample bottle of this bottles of two sizes and two prices— 60
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Ropt, sent cents and $1. Remember the name,
free by mail, postpaid, by whiebxyou may Swamp-Root, and the address, Blngham-
test its virtues for such disorders as kid- ton, N. T.
EDITORIAL NOTICE.— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or Jf there is a trace of It In your family history, send at once to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. T., who will gladly send you by maiU immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book containing many
of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured. In writing be sure to say that you read this generous offer In the
San Francisco Sunday Call.
j^jgbJjL'Yv p. You can always' smell a "dead
e has a costive-looking face.
Iki Mld^ Ml/'' ll^V^U breath knocks you down.
r^-^^r^JTn^^A A iVi Listeners to his talk turn their
Mf'Hs^// \ d k ca( k *^ e °^ cr wa y #
rT^^^u/ 7_V f ¦ ¦fj^jBl. His breath poisons God's pure
¦ ¦' He ought to keep clean inside;
—that means sweet breath, quick brain, swift moving feet. You can't feel well
and act well with your bowels clogged, sending poison allthrougR your body.
Clean them out gently but thoroughly and keep them clean with CA5CARET5
Candy Cathartic, and you will find that all bowel and liver His and the nasty
symptoms that go with them are quickly and permanently
k^fUhmLI PiW^v :<fa: **^.- r 'l&Ss'la If ffj^L. *- WwEjsB mPBK * ¦R&£^a \A rSm ff^ E2E9 EfL*'J^» an
/^B^^l^. LIVER TONIC
ALL DRUGGISTS^^'*™^!ljSb M ft iB H HI TiP"^ SOLD IN BULK.
AlinS* *H bowel trouble*, appendicitis, bll- All fl fl ¦ ilYPPft TOCURXi Fir*™*™ an
IMBUL ioa»ne»s, bad breath, bad blood, wind 111 I H M R 11 | T T Jl tK.Bnt boiof CllCift-
111 I 111 on tbe ¦tomaeh, bloated boweli, fool |«| I [I K II fl I rrll KTB w ." '?,',",* *£T U U
UUIIL. moum, headache, indigestion, pimple*, UUflllnlllLiLiU HH rt S»"t2J.*^k2«"^«S ''
P^ra^JTJ5S l? %\fi!^!?K toi *' ¦*5° W * COlnpl * XlOn -1-Har medlela. la Ik. world. T TnTll. KKlotT^rVf
and dizziness. When ronr bowels don't move regn- rr««t merit, »ad •arb«ii to.tlaenlal. W« hi»T« f»ltb »nd
larly you are c^Ulnij sick. Constipation kill* more win hII casoah kt« akMiately «o«r»ot«e<i t* car* or •
' people . titan all Other diseases together. It If ¦ »«n«» refnndcri. Go bay today, two SO« boxes. flr*> them m
¦tarter for the chronic ailment* and long year* of * k ' lr » ",2?Sli "I? 1 * "". 1> * r ""WK « r »«"«"»« V" ira 25JES5
•nirorlnc that come afterwards. No matter what , Ki^l^^S^fcl^r^^iSiL'Si'VEi^Sirtr^Sj
ails you, BtArt taklns CASCAKBT8 to-d ay, for you wa* i^oa P n?325i7u^a* gUrour m«.U bi?5*fir b?t~
will never get well and be well all the time until & z £ 7 Ta£« «J? a^ie^oo £atfer a Ji. ¦ yon-start tJt
you put yonr Jbowels right. ¦. Tajte our advice} start day.- Hsalta Win «ttl*kir fl>I!«w aad yoa will bles* the day
with CASCAUETS to-day, under am absolute caar- »ous^m«.tar^th* g »»»rfeA«A|6J^S. Boofcfre«by«»i£
antee to cure or money refunded. . tu Iddrewj bTKHLl>G B£M£DI CO., J5IW lOBK «r CHICAGO.
We Close at 6 p. m. except Saturday 1
and evenings before Holidays I
* (^J^ESAR could V j|f ffffftfTTT 1
! found "men who W^^^^^T^il I
j sleep well o' p 1 1 W\ § 1
double bed is strong e- " *.' - - ~~ »-r~^B i $*Sr - CL -* ie^ j|
i nough for an athlete, and showy enough to satisfy the neatest house- H
keeper. All sizes at the same price S4.10 H
rgjjlfrn^^ No home has quite the comfort or ele- $3
_ Ranee a home should have, without a N
<^cg*^-3^^^^ Davenport. Among the many we have; m
XVu UJ.I..H \^A^ * s this mahogany one, covered with K
VSWs^<i£&Wk Tapestry in Gobelin effects. Four ro- Ef
*-— ¦^^•LEi&^Hij^a H mantle scenes wrought in the back m
¦ \ --ffigiEF " produce a striking effect. Only $50. M
f^Z^M^^^^M Others range from 22.50 to 250.00. |
\ The "Princess" Stove won 1^^^^^^^^^|| 1
ft Its title through merit— service per- «^^^^^^f^^T4 >^«nH 1
formed. It pays back good, quick . f*SMMA'^t^SYm^El^M §
a cooking for the little fuel It uses. *rt+£j?rttJ>Z5 !ft -^-^Wtr^y^E-Sw n
} Set up ia your kitchen for $15.00- **» ¦
i Lace Curtains 1
i In Battenberg and Arabian effects at prices that will pay you to buy for H
j future use— $3.00 Value, 1 75 and 2 OO. 3.75 for 2 50. 4.00 for j
i 2 5 O.4- 50 for 2 T5. 3-75 for 2 T5.5-co for 3 5O. 4.25 for 2 75. |
j An Even Dozen Patterns I
\ of beautiful Axminstcr carpets for you, to select |
» from; flowered effects on as mariy different grounds. 1
I Border to match. Enough for you to have the |
| carpet you want at the price of an ordinary one: I
1 HARTFORD AXMINSTER 4 Styles that sails for 1.50— 1 2 O i
' | SAYONERIE AXMINSTER ~4 Styles that sells for 1.75— 1." 3 5 J
1 B1GEL0W AXMINSTER "4 Styles that sells for 1.75-i".4O I
I Your Rooms Measured, Carpets Sewed, Laid and Lined at I
I Above Prices; in S. f., Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley. I
I T^TTf" I^del^O.i^A^.Bertce,.,: ..*%**•« With a, I
| Six Stories High ', J Is Economy with you §
I V^iZ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. «k«. j
i ALL COODS MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES ICORPORAL WILLIAM J. STOCK, A YOUNG NATIVE SON AND A MEM
BER OF THE SIGNAL CORPS, N. G. C. WHO GAVE HIS LIFE FOR
' HIS COUNTRY. . ¦
P'fa*^ HE late Cor P° ral William J. Stock.
• li .^ osei young., life was *. sacrificed
j upon the alta.r of duty to flag and
.11, country, 1 .was one of many noble
¦-. v young ,. martyrs -in' whom was
Bown the seeds of Insidious disease
while campaigning^ inj," the Philippines,
He served ten year's V;I iif the" National'
'Guard of California. 4 He/'was enlisted as
rriarker: in 1 .. Company'.'O.tthe Nationals),
First Infantry -Regiment*' in 1890, when he
was "not quite 12 years of age', and was, It
Jubilee Year Celebration.
Great preparations ' are being made for
the jubilee, celebration of the Young Men's
Christian associations of America, to take
place in Boston next June, from the 11th
to the 16th. Thl3 city and State will be
largely represented. ¦ Advantage is being
taken of this jubilee occasion to pay on!
indebtedness on association property all
over the country. A circular letter has
just" been Issued by- President' Rolla' ' V.
Watt and the building committee of the
local association 'making an, appeal for
the balance of.J84.000 to be subscribed to
free the association property, of its heavy
burden. - No money will be called for until
the 'whole sum is subscribed. Cash'dona
tions are to be deposited with the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, subject. to order, of the
givers until, the .entire .amount needed Is
secured, i" The • committee is holding fre
quent meetings in arranging and directing
the canvass. • v
INTDEPETIDENT , FORESTERS .
ENTERTAIN THEIR FRIENDS
An Evening of 3YJ usic and Dancing
In the Odd Fellows'
Hall.
The Past Chief Rangers' Association of
the Independent Order of Foresters gave
a, very ' pleasing entertainment * to its
friends in Odd Fellows' Hall last evening.
The . programme Included the following
numbers: "Miserere," from v "II Trova
tore,"- on' musical sleighbells. Miss Nellie
B. "Waters; tenor solo, Matthew Keefe;.
comical banjoist,^ Charles • Morrell; solo,
the boy barytone, Arthur W. Parent, Miss
Sadie Rice accompanist; "Spring Song,"
violin solo, "Henry Larsen; coon special
ties, the Waterman, sisters; j'ug&Hng, the
great La Croix. The entertainment was
followed by a dance , programme "of thir
teen numbers. The affair was under the
direction of B. I. Salomon, chairman of
the' entertainment committee; Thomas P.
Jarvls, floor manager; "William" Stewart,
president; E. A. Mack, past\presldent; Q.
W. Kuss. J.H. Mahan andU Fitzgerald,
vice presidents; A- V. Reuss, secretary;
O. K. Brown, treasurer, and W. I. Avery,
marshal of the association.
nounce the following promotions: .
¦ First '.Lieutenant and Inspector of Rifle Prac
tice W. H. Tobln, to be captain and adjutant:
Second Lieutenants • T. Philip O'Brien and
Harry F. McGurren, late of Companies H and
1), to be first lieutenants and battalion adju
tants; Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide, to be cap
tain and chaplain. j
Major Theodore C. Rethers, major and !
surgeon of the sanitary corps, has been
assigned to duty on the regimental staff.
Upon the recommendation of the regi
mental examining board S the following
promotions =and appolntmeats are an
nounced: • - . •
Corporal Thomas McGllvery. Company C, to
be sergeant, 92 per cent; Corporal Lyndon i
Well3 Grant, Company C, to be sergeant, 70;
Corporal Charles J. McDonald, Company C, to
be sergeant. 70; Private Edward Henry
Thomas, Company ¦ M. to be Fergeant. 70:
Private Percy Williams, Company B, to be
corporal, 98; Private John W. cobby. Com
pany G, to be corporal,' S»7; Private Howard
M.. Smitten. Company C, to be corporal," U4;
Private Ward D. Grant. Company C, to be
corporal, 94; Private ¦William II. Shaw, Cotn
ptny C, to be corporal, 93; Private Arthur
Brown, Company L, to be uorporal, 90; Pri
vate Henry J. Musgrave, Company C, to b3
corporal, .Is6; Private Charles J. Wehre Jr., '
Company L, to be corporal, 35; Private August
C. • Fischer, Company B, to be corporal. 84;
Private Ve-rnon »Branch, Company L, to be cor
poral, 75; Private William B. Hand, Company
O, to be corporal. 74. ' '•'
Captain' George J. Petty, First Lieuten
ant Henry E. Cruzon and Second Lieu
tenant William B. Corcoran have been de
tailed to serve as the regimental examin
ing beard from the 1st inst.
Sergeant Frederick F.' Carson has been
appointed iirst sergeant of Company C,
vice Henry T. Hicks. Sergeant Ashley K.
Farless has been appointed first sergeant
pf Company K, vice T. J. Desmond.
¦ Private M. H." Waterman has been
transferred from Company H to C, Daj^ld
E. Stockwitz from H to L and Joseph I£.
Pelzer from D to B.
The names of nineteen men -have been
stricken frpm the regimental roll as fol*
lows: Removal 10, good of the service 4,
exempt 3, expiration of term 1, death 1.
At a meeting of the officers of the Fifth
Infantry Regiment held during the week
preliminary arrangements were made for
the encamoment in June.
Companies C, D and E of the Fifth In-,
fantry had a battalion drill In Petalunia
last week and made a good showing. After
the drill all the soldier, boys were enter
tained by Company C. . : .
Companies A and B of Stockton were to
have been Inspected last week by Adju
tant General Seamans. They turned out
well and demonstrated that they were
ready- for the field on short notice', but
there was no Inspection and no one knows
•why the lnspe«ting officer did not put in
an appearance.
There is a rumor that there Is a possi
bility that one of the companies In Stock
ton will be mustered out and the company
at Fresno will be dismissed from the serv
ice of the State. This, It is said, will be
the result of a reduced aoDroprlation.
MANILA. April 6.— The following sur
renders have occurred: The insurgent
general, Arejola, with 30 officers and 700
men, at the town of Nuev-i Caceras. in tha
province of South Camarines, Southern
Luzon; the remainder of the command of
Major Pablo Tecson, consisting of 19 of
ficers, 173 men and 133 rifles, at the town
of San Miguel de Mayumo, Bulacan prov
ince. Central Luzon, and 16 officers and 70
men In Bulacan province and at other
points.
The wholesale grocery dealers of Ma
nila report doubled sales of groceries
since the investigation into the alleged
commissary 'scandals were commenced.
WASHINGTON, April 6.— Privates Ed
ward Brodie and James F. CofTey, Troop
C, Third Cavalry, were recently convicted
by court-martial at Manila of murder and
sentenced to imprisonment at hard labor
for life. It appeared from the record, a
copy of which has been received at the
War Department, that the accused mur
dered af harmless native boy 10 years of
Product Is Said by Experts to Be by
WYOMING OIL WEIiLS
GIVE GBEAT BESITLTS
Far the Richest Ever Dis
covered.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., April «.— The fol
lowing analysis has been obtained by New
York experts of oil discovered recently
near Evanston, in the extreme southwest
ern part of Wyoming: Gasoline 17.1 per
c»nt, white illuminating oil 33.4 per cent,
yellow illuminating oil 27.1, parafflne 14.1,
worthless gasoline 2 per cent, making the
pure oil 91.7 per cent. This is without a
doubt the highest grade illuminating oil
ever discovered. There Is great excite
ment here over the report from New
York, and although thousands of acres
have been filed on during the past few
weeks there will be a big rush to the dls
011 was first discovered In Southwestern
Wyoming twenty-five years ago, but lit
tle attention was paid to the matter until
a month ago, when the Union Pacific
Railroad, while sinking a well for water
In what Is known as Pioneer Hollow,
age, whom they met on the highway. Ma
jor General Wheaton. commanding the
Department of Northern Luzon, approved
the senten.ee. which will be duly executed
at Bilibid prison, Manila.
An order was issued by the War De
partment to-day directing that the five
new cavalry regiments (except the Fif
teenth Cavalry, under orders to the Phil
ippines) may be organized on a basis of
eighty men per troop. Under the elastic
provisions of the army reorganization
act a troop of cavalry may consist of
from sixty-five to one hundred men. The
War Department, after a full considera
tion of the subject, has concluded that
a strength of eighty men per troop will
meet all military requirements. No
change has been made in the organization
of the regiments in the Philippines and
none is contemplated for the present.
The Fifteenth Cavalry, which is one of
the new regiments ordered to the Philip
pines, will have the maximum of 100 men
per troop. The other new cavalry regi
ments will be stationed In the United
States for many months to come.
struck a flow of oil. Local experts pro
nounced the oil very high grade and a
rush set In. Matt Dougherty, formerly
oil Inspector of Nebraska and an expert,
has examined the oil fields and h» eoy»
the product in the richest WumirLaUng oil
ever found anywhere.
TAMOUS "BOODLE" FOTTD
GIVEN TO THE COTJUTIES
Thirty Thousand Dollars Distributed
in Montana and the Scandal
Is at an End.
HELENA, Mont., April 6.— The last act
In the history of Montana's famous $30,
000 fcoodle fund, that grew out of the)
"Whiteside bribery exposure In the sixth
legislative session, was played to-day
when. In accordance with a law passed by
the late Legislature^ State Treasurer
Barrett sent checks to the different
County treasurers of the State dividing
the money among the counties In amounts
in proportion to the number of school
children in the several counties. Silver
Bow County, on account of its larsre popu
lation, received one-fifth of the $30,000.
INSURGENTS CONTINUE TO
SURRENDER TO AMERICANS
YOUNG CALIFORNIAN
SOLDIER CUT DOWN
Corporal: William J. Stock's Death Due
to Disease Contracted in the Philip
pine Islands "\— National Guard News
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
was then stated, the youngest recruit ever
received into the regiment by enlistment.
¦~ He : remained in that position until a
change in the laws abolished the position
of marker and he was promoted a musi
cian. He then served In the ranks as pri
vate until an opportunity presented itself,
when he asked to be transferred to the
signal corps of the Second Brigade. He
remained with that branch of the service
until the war of 1898, when he was one of
the five accepted from the signal corps of
San Francisco ; to' serve in the United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, in which
* he was appointed corporal. While in that
service at Bacoor,- P." I., he was selected
as the bearer of dispatches sent from
United States army headquarters to Agui
naldo. In every branch 'of the service he
won the esteem of the officers and his
comrades, who. all admired him for his
highmindedness. Upon his discharge from
. the service at Manila on account of phys
ical disability he bad Indorsed by his cap
tain on his papers that which any soldier
. may. point to with pride — "Service honest
and faithful, a man of excellent charac
ter." Upon his return to this country he
served one year longer with the signal
. corps in order to enable him to secure a
ten-year service medal. ;
Orders Issued from headquarters of the
First Regiment Infantry, N. O. C, an-
16
Dry Goods -^^^0 Company.
t ; h
NOVELTIES
JUST RECESVEO
In Lace Allovers and Bands,
Gold and Persian Allovers and lianas,
Lace Collars. |p<| Boleros,
Chiffon, Liberty and Chenille Ruffs,
' Parisian Neckwear, Feather Boas.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS
VEILING IN ALL THE NEW COMBINATIONS!
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stcaktoa Streata, San Franaisco.
UNION SC*UMRE.
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To.
ADVERTISE3VEENTS.
:0B. PlERgEJ ELEGTR1G BELT;
¦ Amerlc* Ahead of the World in Electrical Inven- •
¦ tion*! Everybody knows tliisl Our new Body- "
• Battery, (< T . S. Patent) is strictly an American'
" Invention— Til K lielt of the Centory. It sends a,
;i<owerfiu, reversible current throngh the human,
.body from Head io loot, curtate Chronic and,
, Nervous Dismses and WeaUne** of 2A ale or Female-
. as if by JLagic. bo positive are we that no other ¦
. belt U the equal of *• l>r. Merce's." that we will 6end •
>it «> APPUat A I. for <-onj)«rlstin with any belt'
• now sold in America. " fct^aig ii> lJclieving." J
'. KOTE.— We never send belts "On TrM," there- -
? fore in ordering "Dr. Pierce's" • ro risk is run of •
• !*<)•!! rai'tmu *L<n lM«<u-<- or other Disorders by
• usins an ai>!>! :\wp nrevloualr worn b.r vlliir'
• iwniina. fall, or wnil a 2c stamp for rew "BookJet '
;So.2.' Address: I'lKKCfc ELECTRIC CO.,
, 1145 nroartv/ay, (near 26th St.) New York, .
.Or 620 M;trl:i t btreet; San Francisco.'
Weak Men and Women
(.iliOL'UDLSE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*-* creat Mexican remt<ly; Rives health anj
ctrsnetli to eexual czxans. Depot. 323 Market.
OSf"l".OOIflEI ¦ Corner Fourth- and
CAFE" BOYftL WMM
_ \«ti:ses checked free
v v^I^y ' : ¦ • «vi a ok ft st ?T^^i^"
DE. HALL'S fiftNVIGORATOfipraSSB
Fivp hundred reward for any i vf(
case we cannot cure. Thij secret tus IV-' '
remedy etups all losses fn 24 hours, 1 p
cures Emissions. Irnpctency, Varl- Ssn GTS.
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. wW
Etrlctures. Lott Manhood end all il'.iJ ri^l
wasting effects of self £bu?<> or i'fxt W.*r*
excesses. Sent sealed. V> bottle; 3 QPia^'M!
bcttles, $.'; cuarar.teed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market Et.. S. F. AU private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free bocl:.
DB. WCHO WOO T2A A*D HE IB 8ANITABIUH.
764-766 CLAY STBEET.
jff%V S»n Francisco. Dec. 24, 1900.
teisjjfcA To all whom it may concern:
. f In December. 1S99, I was taken
'bf£ 2 *ick with Black Typhoid Fever.
TLi 9 ' the most virulent type known
W-» L to medical science. I had hem-
JC^P'^v crrhagep. both nasal and intes-
¦-rfV^^iW-^ \* tlnal, eight of the latter occur-
*3fi&r*l,'.-s\Y lnK in one day - Dc - Wong
«*/»«i»Jfi* "Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
eician. was called, and with one dose of hi«
lea stopped the flow cf blood, thereby saving
my life, as I had been given up by any white
phyeician. as w»ll as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wojiis Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in eix months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheer-
lully recommend IV. Won* Woo to any one in
need of a firM-rlstss physician for any cause
whatsoever.— ItALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden
Gate ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
Broken !
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for CO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for 81.00
and $1.50. '• ¦ :
Guaranteed gorrect and best quality - !
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on '
premises. Quick repairing. , Phone; Main 10. M
optician^ H0T Vap h ' capwrati «.: v
cao km «. Scientific
p4c Market 5t. imstrumcnts A
UNDtR CHRONICLE BUILOIN&; CATALOOUt fRtt. I
RRTTQHCQ FOR barbers, bak. i
JDllUDnillld^rs, bootblacks, bath-
:- houses, billiard tables, '
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers,, canners '¦¦
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta- '
blemen, tar-roofera, tanners tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
REMOVED.
PATRICK & CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS,- ETC.,
TO ;2£2L SANSOME STi,
Between Pine and California sts. ' . •
directory:
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Cataloi^ies.and Price Llst3 Mallei'
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND Pia IROX
I C VI \\ "it C(\ 90 ° Battery Street.
J-V/- n^l.2UJl «iwU-. Telephone Main 18««.
ji' 1 -, ¦¦ COPPERSMITH. ;
C W Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
C-1T« - iill i Hi Ship Wcrk a specialty. 16 and
IS Washlneton st. Telephone Main SS41. .
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. / ''¦¦
fA^ RftVF^^f-l- Shipping Butchers. 1<H
JA> CUICj (X \*3- day- Tel. Main 1294.
'. ,' . : v .-: ¦/ ' . oils. '¦:¦- - ¦•¦ *.;..
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. 8. , F. Phone Main . 171». \ j
¦¦':¦ ::. '$.v.;i . ¦¦¦jv-pRiNTiNci.:.' ¦'* "¦¦":¦ '-,?¦¦." \'.\
E. r HITfiHF?- ' PRINTER. * .;
V- <>« ItllUliCJi . ¦¦; en Saneome ¦:, «t-. S. > F.'_
.^:^:: PRINTERS; I3O0KB1NDEKS.. « -
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. . i.
¦_ 23 First, 5treet.y San Frandsen.?
STATIONER AND;pRINTEH. '
806 i^er la ; PAaTfiiDGK yTe s hi0 . !•¦ , ;
Weekly ' Call, :¦¦ $1 : per rear;
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts*
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. Bash and Belden.
Slitter* Near Grant Ave.
Belonging to Heirs o?
MATTHEW CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
AT 12 O'CLOCK 1NOON,
Auction Rooms of
Q. H. CMBSEN & CO,,
. - 14 Montgomepy Street.
. ' _^_ \- ' ¦
S. E. COUXER MISSION AND THIRD STS.
—65 feet on Third Bt by 77:6 feet on Mission
et.; solid 4-story and basement brick building
containing 3 stores on ground floor, renting for
5350 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors above
of 00 rooms, renting for $140 per month: and
assessed .fcr $32,oC0; improvements, $13,0C0.
AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON SUTTER ST
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied es a wood and
coal yard:«fcround rent JiO per month. Land
assessed for ?20,WO.
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND BEI-DEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEARNT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements; renting
for J30a per month. Land assessed $16,060: Im-
provements, $2700. . ...j/y
Fcr further particulars, apply to -
Referees: I G. H. TJMBSEN',
11* Mcntgromary St.
I P. J. SULLIVAN,"
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
.. " '!¦ ADVBBTISBMENTS." : :
Is oiie'of tlie curious expre^iqns used
fpr v woKked out. * " Many a woman drops
into ai chair, in utter weariness "all
played out," and -wonders "¦-•- ¦¦ ; Sg A
why she feels so weak.. Shev-t^ 'Bfgk
has not yet , realized that ''r^^^Jf
the general health is sq r i\*Gl\ '
intimately related *to . the ra.' J fi3Pa\V
local health of the,.,
womanly organism, - J0^^y^(^^^
that weakness must J^M&0$
follow womanly dis- M^^^^M '
scription; ; . . 1 1 > '. ¦'. ¦
regulates the periods, dries weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion, and. cures female weakness. It
tranquilizes the nerves, encourages the
appetite and induces refreshing sleep, j
There is no substitute for w Favorite
Prescription, " for there is nothing «jiist
as good " for womanly ills.
" I wish to advise the suffering women of this
great land, of the good I have received fromDr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and ' Golden M£d- .
ical Discovery," '» writes Mrs. Mary Shappell, oi •
Columbus Grove, Putnam Co., Ohio. "For four
years I had been a sufferer from female troubles,
and at times was unable to do even the house-
work for three in the family. I had such pams
that I suffered almost death dozens of times, but
after taking five bottles of your medicines I can
-truthfully say that- my health was greatly im-
proved. I have a good appetite and am framing ;
•' fn' flesh right along. This spring is the hrst:
time in five years that I have done my house
cleaning all by myself and without the least
fatigue whatever. I hope Rll suffering women
may find relief as I have done. • _..
« My gain in weight has been just ten pounds,
and I am still gaiaing.'.' .
"Dr. Pierca's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, icoS large pages, paper covers,
is sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to pay expense of mailing only,
or for cloth-boujtd book, send 31 stamps.
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. 1\
snrnTfflflrtififffflmfflniHM^
fc PDEftTCQT nC QII 1^ QBI EC BEGINS HERE I
i ullLHiLdi Uf UiLlX dnLtd to-morrow, i
•= ?eaMn'« styles) Fine Black Taffetas. Fine Sflk Poplins. Black Peau de Sole. Batik Duchesse and^Black
E ." 65c .BUXflFFETAS 47c YARD 85c ALL-SILK FOULARDS 59c Y^RD 3
ml « nim. Black All Silk Taffeta, a perfect black, excellent 75. pieces eiquidte all silk, satin finish twilled Poulards. 24.
•^ .„ m ?;^fl™f«^ worth ffic Sale Drice AT r* inches wide, in all this season" s latest > colorings, as Old Rose. =3
•— lor lining and ruffles, wortft 65c bale price.......^^ m Q, Ne w Green. Navy. New Blue. Brown. Violet, etc: latest de- \_3
SZ ' signs, excellent quality; worth 85c a yard. Sale price.. CQ/» -^
| 93c BLACK TAFFETA 62c YARD 1
»- ' 78 pieces 23-inch genuine Black Swiss Taffeta, an excellent f" . *l. /O OlLK fOC TAr.ll -. . —*
fc: wearing silk. a. highly lustrous black; regular gQg ¦-. M pieces fine quality Silk Poplins that have that rich, lus- S3
s«w- SOc. Sale price 1&tu trous appearance and are so much now in demand for gowns _^ ,
- «,. ,„ n,.,tnn nnrn(i TlTTCTl 00« VIOFJ an( i waists; in all the new spring coloring's, as Old Rose, Fink, —^
S .19 SWIS^ DntSS TArrtU OdO TAnU Llsht Blue. Com, Gray. Tan. Castor. Navy and Brown: 7O/, "3
fc The ereatest hsrraln we offer: excellent quality 27-lnch genu- regular J1.25 quality. Sale price ..Yard C O^.
% l^h^J^^^^\^^.^^ 65c BLACK SATIN. DUGHESSE., 48c. YARD 'M
Uy SaJe price Yard *-'" V « pieces all silk Black Satin Duche6se, a very nice quality,
£ SI 75 AND $1.50 BLACK SILK GRENADINES Sf.18 YARD
t , m^e o niney^ e a rih^de o n^^K^^^ i .51.25 ELACK PEAU D £ SOIE 936-YaRD ...3
fc silk Grenadines in checks, satin stripes arid plain Iron 35 pieces most dependable make of fine black, Peau de Sole,
~~- iranVe • th«M«« vein $1.50 and JL75 yard. Sale C1.18 'fine pure Bilk, good , O ft quality that' retails at Jl.25.Qq,>
¦»>- price „'.... - Tard <EJ> 1 yard. Sale price .*..„..:.<.,../ Yard OUv
Immense Sals of | — ; ~~~Z~~mm ' ' "~ ~~~ r ~ '- ~~~~~| Lase Deparlrasiit' -^
p "" ice prlcea: •^^^^^-^^^^^tos^ss^—^ H^gfi^ ' ~^$^r patterns; worth ~**m
RApixlaJT prlc« I8o. ' ¦ -- - * . * . ¦ ¦ In Are/bla.n j ana.
•t: _no. 7.... i8o yd.^ There la a spirit of pro gressiveness that pervades this store.,- B^ B c . e: r eg^fw y vaiue =3
m-r Beraar pnoe zso. constant desire to raise the standard of everything pertaining boc. 'sale qr c
S EX iSo a ScIT'no. i to^perfect Btorekeepingr. Our wonderful , growth, -otir ; crowded 3
Black and colored aisles and our remarkable s ales prove the sincerity of our efforts. Persian Band Trim- — •
fc lur ft spf : The foundation of our continued success "'lies in the. superior m^f um ln SnS .3
dai at...... QCJ(2 standard of merchandise at absolutely lowest prices. '.'. worth ji._ Sale --•
•— .Piece *«w .,....- . . ». • ¦ - . , . t . price -•••• J»l)c
TT None sold to dealers. ' ¦ .- T . Tard wvw _ — ,,
A TREMENDOUS PETTICOAT SALE. 2
0^ Second week of the greatest Petticoat - Sale ever held In this city. It has been a record-breaking week for us.' '^S
SHU We'll tell of that great purchase again for your benefit: Our, l»Tew Tork buyer purchased at the Kecelver's Sale of — •
*¦— L Dryfoos & Co. (one of J^ew York's best manufacturers) $12,000 worth of All-Silk. Silk Moreen and Mercerized =^
mZZ Italian Cloth Petticoats at half price, and that's the reason we can offer you unparalleled Petticoat Bargains. -«>
E $4.50 SILK MOREEN SKIRTS AT $2.98 / $6.00 SILK MOHEEN SKlRi'S AT $3.68 Z2
_ . „„„,„._ env «„_.. p. )t ,... t , tnilnr utltrhcd- several ' Grandest styles In finest 611k Moreen Petticoats: various
$3-75 MERCERIZED ITALIAN CLOTH SKIRTS $2.48 , Sllk petticoats made of heavy quality rustim* Taffeta, with ¦. 2
•— Extra quality Mercerized Italian Cloth Petticoats, with wide double ruffle and graduating: flounce, in all the new colorings,
ZZ accoTdl™ plaited flou'Sce. edged with ruche; extra width; in J- ¦«•. regsdiu reds cadet, Cyrano and black; regu- gY' 85
•^ latest colorings, as navy, cerise, red. purple, green and black. lar J12.50. Sale price «J7 f, - — —j*
S2^SSiSS2£S!S^^^ffi3Bi §2— $15-00 SILK SKIRTS $10,50 ¦ 3
"TT „„ _.«.. Elegant styles in finest Quality Taffeta and Peau de Sole
S^ tl 5n MFRPFR'7'n PFTTirniT^ QRC E&CH. SIlk Petticoats, cut extra full, with deep graduated accordion =35
S^ 41.311 fnLn'-Ln Z. -U rCllluUfllO 30l» t.RUni .plaited flounce with double rows of niching; in rich colorings, ""*
5^ Made of extra quality Mercerized Italian Cloth, with a 12-lnch as reseda, green, watermelon pink, light blue, corn, new blue, ! *"^S
»- accordion plaited flounce; in colors and black, a regularQQy-* gray, red, turquoise, lavender, purple and black: ex- C1A.6U -- 3 »'
¦*— fL60 skirt. Sale price ....Each t/Ov tra value at $15. Sale price tplU «-*
EXTRA VALUES IN COLORED AND NEW WASH FABRICS. . NEW SILK AND COTTON WAISTS. . 3
Dl kPV nDCCC GHOnC A grand gathering of high-class printed To-morrbwwe display the grandest col-' 13
S*~ DLfilm UuLOO UlloUJ, wash fabrics in all the new sprine color- lection of Ladies' Ready-to-Wear Silk, — " •
rr~ A macniflcent line of Colored and Black inr» and dainty effects. A splendid assort- Cotton and Grass Linen Waists ever shown —
Dres™ Goods "ust opened for your lnspec- ment to choose from in Dimities. French at one time in San Francisco ¦ We are the
**~ tion We are headquarters for those soft. Organdies, Mercerized Chambrays. Zephyr one house that makes a specialty of, Ladles' «, "2.
S= rlchJ clinging goods that are growing in Ginghams and Cotton Foulards at abso- Fine Waists and always sell at popular- 2S
-^ favor every day. lutely lowest prices. prices.- • • ..¦¦¦'... ' -m
I JSSS^I^V^L SPECIALS FOR MONDAY'S SELLING. V Special I firTo-Morrow. ! ; 1
HI 511 '' uu '" IU0UU>a Albatross, in new ., 7 n _L ur e|-».l 1 « m « (fin VorH A new shipment of over 350 New Silk Z2
50C Yard shades of New Blue, NeW ZeDnVr 61(1^311)$ lUCYSlQ.^ Waists, several different styles, made of
•T" w ' . Old Rose, Watermelon „<--«» -,£>* ounlltv American. Zenhvr fancy hemstitched silk, latest blspop sjeeves,^ ' ~"I
Pink. Garnet. Cardinal, Gray, Tan, Castor. -1™$?** £ °°i {*£. , Slon strk>es and perfect 'fitting Vals{ 8 : in cofors of Reseda "
5C= Pink. Sky Blue. Bluet, Cream, and Black. S&ftaV,. all U?e new spring colorings- Green - Old R ° e^ P^k, Light, Blue. White. =3
fc: c:jV FiVch Ritktp «" inch « ne "llk-^tah E^'spedaf for^Mondly. ?'J^.. . 1ft?.' R^' and^ Black; sizes K. to 44. The best
5^ ollK-rl.i bi DauSIC all wool Batiste— that " a w * Yard lUC value in the city. Special for Mon- C? St. UO :^
!£= fl^ Y?r/I fine, soft, clinging ma- ¦ "*-'"' day only ...Each«J)O -^
*~Z. *»•" IQ ' U « teriai. in new spring OCa U 0W Pntfnn RrPliaHinPQ IQp Yard •:;•• ¦¦¦'¦ ¦ .Ji :}"¦¦'¦¦' ¦¦' •¦¦:.: :v";=5
•^- colorings, as Reseda Green, New Blue,* He- Z3C HBW UCllOll niSUautlieb ItSt IdlU. , : . ..
ST Uotrope Cadet. Tan, Castor Old Rose. To introduce this new summer fabric we fia»Wn OF Cll K FIRF^^
»_ Cardinal. Cream. Pink. Blue and Black.. will place on sale 50 pieces extra fine Cotton IHIAHU OnUTVIltO, Ur OlLA UnCOO — •
"^" Prona Ha Pari? AU W001 Creve de Paris, Grenadine, in nice open effects, suitable for :. /.'- ' '¦¦'*"*
«fc— wICjJC U^ rfllli an elegant, soft material, evening dresses; in colors of Pink., Light - -> . .; ... .. ... .vMni^,.,,,..' .; ¦..¦:: — <»
•P- SI fld Yird ** Inches wide, in all the Blue, Nile, Green, Corn, Yellow. Lavender. Last week" we receiyed , from New. York
*~. "' * *"•* iulu> Beason 1 s newest colorings Red. White and Black; extra value IQs-» over 200 new* Silk Drtss Skirts, very latest -^
fr~ and black. Special at Q I -WD at 25c For Monday only Tard'»*JV' styles, made of fine Taffeta, Peau de Sole, -**
«— Yard tl>I • " - — -' "• : _ . Grenadine, Point d'Esprit Net and Wool ZS
¦T* • < sn3Pia nf Plain and FailCW fin c S Crepe, de Chine. An. early Inspection will -*•
Jfc; labOldinUil^fOl. 1)1103? Unif.«HSC 10, i| npn . . material, workmapahip 1 and stylish appear- dl
?T*" 25 pieces "42-inch all wool Cheviot, shrunk - " ' L l" cllt ance cannot be duplicated elsewhere at our """*
tm~- and epon«red: extra value at 75o A Or* A special purchase of fine quality: plain low prices.' ¦:':.-. ¦."•; ;- ,¦ <?-¦>.: ./'•.'... .££¦
yard. Monday only Yard "Ow and fancy hemstitched Grass Linens, the 50 Silk Dress Skirts, made of fine, quality ;-"•
5 s Cl OC All Waai Pkiuint UnnAtu flniu richest and scarcest material for summer Taffeta Silk, with that full French flaring 1 -£*
•*- Jli/D AlriYOul L-U 3 V'O I. MOuQai UIUl, dresses and waists. We advise early buy- flounce, hemstitched and tucked: they have
**~ ofl v ¦ ing, as quantity is limited. the appearance of high-priced skirts. Reg- •— —
OoC TclU' ¦ ular $18.00 value. Special for C|{|.uii ~~£j
20 pieces 50-lnch all wool Black Camel's $MM fOT *'OIlslaY- '' ' - — • V --~ : -- : -y; <?**—'¦;£
fc ?u'ai r -t y :b aJ' 1 Il--5 8P yard d For Mo^oS^ 10 pieces extra quality plain Grass Linen; ' . ..." . ',.
E GREAT LINING SPECIAL FOR MONDAY. For Monday --•— •-• M &c Waists %2M.j^^ST^.tSSi-^
•— -_ -, ,. . . . tn „ . • •: . ,, ¦_ •.¦ ,, . , teen Eelling at J5.00 and $6.00, now... 82.4S 3
25c Skirt Unng ??c Y^rd. Immense Sale of White Organdy Suitable gsj^g: 't^gl Waists - «>w....53j» 2
J£^ t &. 1 %5£? l *g&.¥£&& for Gonflnnatlon and Graduating • —- '" rj 3
E ic 4 o^efor il^yTl.^hc EXTRA HOSI ERY SPECIAL FO R MONDAY. 1
»- •••-» Tard 1^^ OO/-» TARD— Pine ¦ quality French Or- PhlMron'c 9fl»» Unoa IQn Dalr
£= <lhr SHIf *PnrP Ifn'riT 98? Y»rrf 5£cJC randy, fully. 70 inches wide; resu- Unilaieil S H0S8 IOC Paif. > ZZi
~Z «JOC OUR verge Linfl /OC ia.0. Ur price S0c yard. 73 doten Children's Fast Black Cotton =2
£- 15 pieces ellk serge Coat Unlng. in Navy, Hose, lxl rib. extra length, double heels. --¦
Cerise. Tan. Bluet. Black, Heliotrope and A Or* YARD— Extra quality finely fin- soles and toes, sizes 5 to 9H- a regular "~ m
¦»— Brown: regular value 45c. For 4>fir» TrOw ished French Organdy; 70 Inches 20c stocking. For Friday only' at t <r> ZHT!
y~ Monday Tard ZOW wide; regular price 75c yard. -. - Pair luC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mew acy mail may quickly cure himself x. t?r r*en ©xtrftortJluary. It has completely bribed
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost me OD - I >-ni Just as visorous as whea a. twy
vitality, nleht lesaes. varicocele. etc.. and en- "I?- 5 ™ 11 « ann ° l rtallze how happy I am."
« E a C . to run size and vUor. Re^tY werT^act.n^t Kd^^
Elmply send your cam* and address wDi.U tBd V i B or have completely returned «™ ti
W. Knapp. 1XTS Hull buUdinc D«trolt. Mich., largement Is entirely satJsractory '•
• nd he will gladly send the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Tours was received and I had »»
fall directions eo that any man may easily cure trouble In making use of the recelo* as dlreetSl
himself at home. This . Is certainly a most and can truthfully say It .. & boon to weak
generous offer and the following extraets taken m«n. I am creatly improved in size atren-rS
from his daily. mall show what nwn think or and rigor." . . ««asti>
his^eenerosltiV ....... . , - All correspondence is strictly confidential
"Dear Sir— Please, accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The recelos
for yours of . recent date. I have - riven your Is f re« for the asUaj and he wants avery man
treatment * thorough test and the benefit ba» to have it.
; §;foriieres,
j - B.*sidesthis stylei
j . we have a.beau- 1
¦ - , ful variety of por- ¦
' ! Q lieres atail pri:e>. I
; [! | From our elegant I
I sto:k cf curtain^, ; 1
| . (3^ draperies, carpet.s I
'' ' and -furniture we can 8
I A furnish" your entire 1
. j li home. Let us tell you B
- J what it will cost.; Free i
. : ] -. r- delivery. . vyithin 100 |
•• ; miles.:-". >.;:.; ; ' ; 'vvV\-;. |
- FJJRNITURE CD,, ' i
«338-?4rPost Street, j
«i '>. •¦¦ -Opposite Union Square ¦;•... aNADUS' BAND WILL PLAY.
Musical Feature of the McKinley
Parade in San Jose.
BAN JOSE, April 6.— The young ladies
cf San Jose who compose the ladies' band
have consented to play in the parade of
the Carnival of Roses. This will have
been the second occasion since the forma
tion of this unique musical organization
that it played outside of a concert hall or
the parlors of the leading hotels. Last
Fourth of July, at the Elks' celebration at
San Jose, the band rode in a fairy float.
In the parade to be given to honor Presi
dent McKiniey and his party it will ride
in a Cower-trimmed vehicle and will bd
given the first place among the musical
lealures of the procession. .,
After considerable parley the railroad
liiit luauc a. cuuct!i!>iuii m "rated t ruin ail
parts of California which is satisfactory
to the carnival management. From points
under 125 miles a one and a third fare for
the round trip will be charged; up to 200
miles one ana a fifth, the customary sin
gle-trip rate, and over 200 miles one fare
tor the round trip. This lowered rate will
bring thousands of people from not only
the near-by towns but also from the
southern portions of the State, where the
opening of the coast route has caused a
strong interest in San Jose.
The appointment by Mayor Martin of
the reception committee has been the
cause of some sad hearts in San . Jose.
There has been much rivalry to obtain
places on this committee, as it will have
to do with the personal supervision of
the President's comfort and will bring Its
members Into close association with the
chief executive and his party during their
stay here. The names selected are as fol
lows: Hon. W. G. Lori pan, Jackson
Hatch, Hon. A. L. Rhodes, H. C. Brown,
Hon. M. H. Hyland, S. F. Leib, O. A.
Hale. J. D. Miner, J. H. Henry. J. W.
5r a> T' £ eJo ? °i . Druffd - w - C. Andrews.
W. A, Beasly, Alfred Holman, C. W. Wil
liams, J. O. Hayes, David Henderson.
Ernest Lion, N. R. Chesbro, W. G. Haw
ley. Mrs. C. J. Martin. Mrs. A. Greenln
fer Mrs. W. P. Dougherty. Mrs. George
M. Bowman, Miss Belie Mackenzie. Mrs.
H. S. Foote, Mrs. Nellie Arques, Miss
W Infield McLaughlln. Mrs. Ralph Her
sey. Mrs. Henry Booksin and Mrs. A. H.
AXarxen.
PEBIEHES IN QTJIST
OP ABANDONED MINE
Prospectors Find Edward Galloday's
Burros Wandering Alone on
the Desert.
SAN BERNARDINO. April 6.— The ef
forts of Edward Galloday, an old mining
prospector, to find an abandoned gold
mine which he supposed contained much
hidden wealth, has in all probability cost
him hla life. It is believed he has either
perished or met foul play on the desert
somewhere between Indlo and Yuma.
One month ago Galloday left Yuma for
the mountains, with provisions and five
burros. During the past few days other
prospectors have come across his entire
pack train and supplies, but no trace of
Galloday was found.
Galloday has for years been In search of
the lost mine, and crossed the desert
many times. He was familiar with the
watering places and knew the country
well, hence the belief that he has met a
tragic death. Galloday went to Nevada
in 1&C8 and located several valuable claims,
which he afterward lost. At one time he
was employed as assistant superintendent
on the Comstock. Of late he has led the
life of a hermit.
Dr. Ehuxtleff Sinking.
STOCKTON. April 6.— Dr. George A.
Shurtlefl. the well-known pioneer. Is very
low to-night and a fatal termination of
his illness Is regarded as but a matter of
a day ax the most. An attack of bron
chitis brought on the Illness and his age
is so advanced that he Is ill-prepared to
¦withstand It
ASYLUM OFFICES
IN THE BALANCE
San Joaquin Republicans
Recommend Two Men
for Directors.
Aspirant Who la "Turned
Down" Claims That Governor .
Gage Has Already Ap
pointed Him. ;
SpeclU DUpatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. April 6.— The Republican
County Committee to-day passed up to
Governor Gage a recommendation that
Charles 1L Kennlston and W. C. White
b« appointed directors of the State Insane
Asylum In this city. There were four
men In nomination and two to be selected.
Kennlston and White received 36 and 38
votes, respectively, as against 1 for F. E.
Lan* and 7 for J. D. Gray.
/ The recomendations, though decisive as
to the desiree of the party, were not ob
tained without a bitter fight being waged
ae&lnst them by the friends of F. E. Lane,
on« of whom tried to avert action In the
committee by declaring that Governor
Gact had already appointed Mr. Lane and
tna.t It would not be courteous for tne
committee to offer suggestions. This
vu the position taken by the faction
which has been fighting Dr. George S.
Harkness and the Republican County
Committee, of which Dr. Harkness was
elected chairman by an overwhelming ma
jority In the last county convention of the
party. The majority of the committee
refused to believe that the Governor had
taken action, since he had in the past
acted upon the recommendations of the
committee and had, so it is understood,
suggested that the committee be called to
gether to act in this instance.
The fact thar Mr. Lane received only
one vote in the committee naturally raises
the Question as to where Governor Gage
and the San Joaquin Republican organiza
tion can ever get together in the future,
should It prove that he has appointed Mr.
Lane. It is understood that Mr. Lane
claims to expect his commission in a few
days. ',
A resolution waa passed by the commit
tee approving the Governor's action in ap
pointing George W. Lagridge to the di
rectorate.
THE SAN JTKAJTC1SCP CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
17
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Bemarkabls Bemedy That
Qnlcluy Restores Lost V.got
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
vail write the State Medical Institute
Tiiey cured so many men who Jiad bat-
vied for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
,the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a hpme treatment, and all men who
suffer from any. form of sexual weakness
. resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
Ivaricocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly -grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act dtiWt
to the desired location, sivins strength
and development ju?t where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and, troubles that
rome from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute sue-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical institute. 328 Elektron b&Idtal
Fort Wayne. Tnd.. statin? that you desire
one of their free trial packages, will be
complied with promptly. The Institute ll
desirous of reachiner that jrreat class o?
men who are unable to leave home to b«
treated, and the free sample will enable
them to se* how ea«=y \t f* to be cured of
*=e*ual weaVnps* when the proper reme-
dies are «»T~ r ioyed The Institute makes
no reBtr5otim>K. Any man who writes will
be f=ent a free sample, carefully sealed
In a n1?.1n parVnern. so that its recipient
v rw >^ have no fear of embarrajs^ment 01
E^' r 't r > T TT " aders are requested to write j
without delay. . i
x ¦ '¦¦ ¦--&*.- '¦"' •¦¦¦'¦*¦ .' mmwm ' '".''":¦¦ •¦' ,:¦'.'-¦¦'"¦'¦..¦ .'\ ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .•^ m^.- ¦-.-"•¦:. ¦¦¦¦' "¦¦¦" -.-.*. : \.,' ' . ¦ - ' . '. '-"«
I : ware, Bedding, Curtains, Etc., Begins Monday, AprM 8. J
j Our buyers have been galhcring the goods for this Great Mnual Event lor months i-.past,^ so that even with ?the advahcinsmarKct since, the first o! the year on almost "5
g every manufactured product, we can guarantee actual <savmgs 'of f>omm^ of reKablc Furniture, Carpets Bedding,
j{ Linens, Kitchenware, Crockery, Groceries, etc. Almost every class of merchandise needed in the home is included in this stupendous House Furnishmg Sale. Only partial j
j lists of the offerings are submitted herewith. i ;^: t / s
I children's Dresses. Yhe Aithuai Spring Furittture Sale- ¦ |
5 Colored Cloth Dreises . . ¦ ¦ -M .. ,mM-:< - - <&!**, O, .^
5 ff® • ££ *!£ S32 Some of the b est Furniture Bargains that the big store has ever offered, only a fewof which.can.be referred Oa^ OT .^ S2' $
* W*£ la ' nc y p^is-fiixe, fir to in this announcement. Raadthe printed descriptions, /A> low prices, compare the Furniture with the best beautiful hand-coiorcd photograpEs
5 J^fL r.. 6 «V a yS tar^ains that you know of/then make up yonrmi-dwhereyou will buyiyour Spring Furnishings. fX^xs^iTSe.^w^- S
*V W&$^[} ' %&m a a £& _ r^* Combination BocKca'6 Zind Writ- jfc^3^f^feSM!>*2j - • . /*• ' inch burnished gilt fiimss, wici largs gLs
K k^Zzrr^el Children's Talor-Made *S^£aK<2^^^j !nrf n ..b m j «." «,ir ra^^^^^^^K . . 15^t> Goldm Oak Sideboard : — AS zwj^^Rl^fSMC* cornen o: irtutic des : gn, reguarly -^
fc 3 ' r^>?4\ W^ffT^kwW'MA is* V she'vs large enclosed 'pa -e ' LJ 0 P^^P^PrfrSwl )\mWi\ /finely po ithed, with three French f^^^^^^ 3^,-^-^- nPJm&tf fl
g £/£. N j.,Y\, Un^'ciSS^JsaK, i»*^^K P«« &tiKf&£Z £& Extnzoranmy offerings -*
I Wtfl : r^S^^ A 'n r , <r -i" TStTOSSr^S MS S S3WC^^^^^S^ £"Si/S #«° /i ° US ° %
S° vUFl Uimmed Eiz-sforaees '/M/M^^^^X A Couch — 6 feet long, D® HHi - 'l^nF w^^^ oak Wlth bent g » s ends; a very CT**3*§S^J3$ffiS333 nl *?' n 9 *-??'. . '3
S' ( jf^L/ ' 6toT^ i^ )WmW$mll 3O irh« wide, spring edge, uphol- ', S H "/feSSfe^S^-^ popu'ar design that wi 1 add much These very JpS cal on first-c'a.s Gro- J
*> W ,«n &f.5O BflilW sterel in three- tone colored ve/ours, • Hfcf gHf EJgp^ .^ to the beauty and convenience of ( WmM&S&M cerhs ind Liquors of weU-known brands « -
5 e Zoa)7'hais 92 cfpf Ccntcr Tablc _ -. WO of these 7-piece^^B2droom Suits—Nicely carved and •'» ¦ : '^^. : 6 cm<p oak Cha- h^ T f s^y i^^00^\ %
g s«^«;;^ /o fe W« with ifie $1.00-1^^ finely' to ishea; dresser, wi n -Develed French plate $$££&£&% IZIxJ/IkzZ £l£$£%- MpS/iK'f ¦ S
** abovs styles of dresses, can be ob- maple, with fancy ff^^WnT , m-rror, 24x20 inches, upper drawers, swell font, first-class cabinet work/ a Jg I|S|1P f k-r^ with five drawer* -if^ntir i^»/ P^-^ifcfek; «
J tained in this s.me department. shape top, bent legs q »| ||| nice set in every part cular and worth $25.00; Mon- 4fr>4££i) BS Si^SS^ssdM ' and hat lo:f ' orna - Ttf3** pSElM/?*^^ «
AT ' ¦ and she!f beow ' a // /fy. \V\ day and while quantity lasts at only ........;..: *&BOb M & m^M®2&$M menieiwith French" d *2l* J J^V^iU* >
* > |i-5° table; whie 1 .//i/ |U \\ ' , ¦ . T . „ - *|t—- -m i • - \n bcveed P 1316 mrror, _ _ «5
I Dress Trimmings, \l If |) 7-— . . . • . il h^' '^ ¦ -¦' s» s ?5 O :?
I Laees, Takings. $t.@@ VLJjl Carpet &Bld RSSg §S§i© a ISUS! u^l^^'Si V^ f^ |?
&^ Arabian Bands, yard 35c to $# 5f :"? . t lPu^L.r^I -vt r /^ 1 • „¦ • c , , 1. . I n§ M B a tea JS • •' 35O ,^
*. Venisc Bands, yard f uC » i/ jfl Golden OaK Ha II llTT Ot WeSt P^ ChlCagO Will V0U find a larger Or better '8§^^^ ; a A » Sardines-Choice imported. DaudicoUe and .*
k > B'.ackSilk E.curial Bands, yari R?.ck — French pate // I L» 1 1 PS<^Ortpd nf fqrnpr<; Th^V fOmP tO US dl- ' S^fe^^l rf A V Cry P ° pU Gaudin, or s days 5 tin* 5 "O \
X ....23g\o75c mirror, has an urn O 14\ aSSOriea S.OCK OT UarpetS. in.y.COme IO US 01 ;i^^g Couch-Well made Postum Ccreal-The famous hexth Coffee, ;?
*' Hand-made Rena : ssance, ya-d bre !a stand and box /// U* TeCt trOITl 116 ITllIlS, anCi tfien tO y 'U nOmidClle- >|^^^7^ \ «nd one that we are large packages, for a days 1 ?O .«
75C to $2.5 Q for rubbers, wor h Vtt-*- mon'c nrofi For th\<Z PTeat Annual H llNe- F ; IT- 'i*t^^^^i prouJ of; 27 inchc3 Ma! -e Corn— Best quality.... 5 //ns 5 O 'Z
it Net Top Venise Laces, yard. *' iC " E ' i/ $„• while the qnan- ' ' • - %1T !*",r "^7 * **0r tfllS- great AntlUai tl .U^e T^r . . wide, . full length, Claret-A very good table wine, regulaxlv 50c J
»: 25C to $iJod tity on hand lasts, only ' niShing Sale We make deep | CUtS in 'Our One-prOIlt "-"^ graceful and attract- a gallon, Monday and Tuesday. ...... 35& X
* Appbque Galoons, yard...25cto ....'. ..........:.. 9&***& DriceSi YoUhaVe never • bOUffht SUCh £OOd Car- in appearance, upWsteted in high-grade Harper's Whhkey—R^e or Bourbon, the cefc- V ;JJ
Ch ffon Tickhg'. yard lUUUdVC IICVCI UUUglll SUtll gUUU tdl velour, worth $1 a; sale price __ brated I. W. Harper Whiskey that received t|
&' $1 BO. 1 $2 00, $2*5 } ' petS lOr SO little money. \ ' ••'•• &&'*** thegoldmedalattheParis Expositioa, rejn- jg
J Liberty Slk P^si, yard...... rnlifcW <on* Vru-Y* A~1,r«,- ; A«kM w 50c Ingrain Carpets— Good- colorlnes arid 90c Tapestry Brussels- Heavy quality; AbOVt 30 Parlor ChafrS that have been larly a bottle, Monchy and — — , JT-
% 5:o,6 O. 75C CObbICr Seat KOCKcr—Ajlarg; cobbler • patte f rts tor . . P . . . ., . : ..30oborde/t6 match ........ .....7OC left over when balance ol parlor «ts were , .^I**? -.;•_••• ••• •^^ • • ; • •• • * OO %
tS Liberty Silk Ruffling., y»H fi_ ft eitrocker, ingokenoak $1.50 Hartfo d Axminsters-Heavy dee? --^-.^^ . n ....... ,„ ' ' to'd.^They^are splmdidly mad S of high.y U^'S s Malt Extract-R-gu arly f _ _ «
£ 55C, 65C 75C, 85C fpagagg ;°rn»hogany finish, turn- * .. c •„ a finc line of " „/ /Vf J/l/figS-Doube dye art designs; fuU Lhoganized woods, beauti- <^a d.zcn, for a days. . . . . ZO .«
* JubieTrimmi.g.yari '". " ffffH ' ed post3 and 8 pmdle 8 ; . J ri :e only., .....$1,1O .^andard ma dng or good qua ,ty; rcguhr Jj, U holste % cd '^» _" : J . J
;*» /:© 72KC 15C. 25C llff fl ««t -enrrngs 5 a very $,.Y 5 Wlltan Velvet Carpets - **W. P»« 3"; sale price.-., .¦...'.. 22^C . w kh fancy tares-re, ' jMmrfk SOCSTld 7 3C X
\U Allovers in Gold, Persan and Moutssline £m- Ilia If cimtortable fb.jo rock- make; excel'ent line of patterns: also hall $3*00 Smyrna RUOB— All wool . and ve!ouis and have VXS8&$!5 V jrjcr* P»^fe»5«R "5
! J. broideries, yard £/.mj to $7,5J Jffff /I "-during this sa e^ and , tlir ef]fect3 _ fl^ c " irxhes; fringed both ends; spring edge seats, but , jfe^Jf -X f £~ jj
i V i . IMlJI ''-*"*** &^*25 $1.25 Body BrUJ'cIs, Whitta!s manufac- heavy,' good qus it/ Erjm!ey make; specia they are last season's' /rlv^Vif' a <& G EifflSi jBmmCm *Sf
•f _- __ L_" /( r-Hrfrsfj ¦ _^. ¦ . ture, borjers to match .... $1OO sale-price. ................. ..$1 85 patterns and du:ing /I^^J On Monday and Tues^a* .nly we will place 5
J WBSne. BUalBBte *r^^& EXCCJent £|f| t2ievmS-T wo carloads ottne very $4.00 'Oenuine Wilton RUKS-Pen : an thh sa'e we will do e IF^I on specia. sale' a let of 25C and 5 C Sus- }j
S £"-*#»/O Pf.«fl»8 l\^LaJr Dining Chair-GoUen latest des.gn, and co.onngs; of a verv fine and floral efficts; a ?.!e di* bar! *''*" T *\ pendets, made fcr us by a New York mann- .«
ITSaGS H*rea?F3 •^Tj mac _ °^!c hn:sh, cane seat, qua ity; per squire yard ...... 5 . C .^^ at the sa e ; ce . $9 53 F " Ce ° r IcSSS- Rc = U " fecturer from the odds and ends of high-grade •«
j8> Dees away with the use of face powder beauti- JTt^^ 2 brac;d arms, fancy spin- Inlaid Linoleums— Indejtructib e patterns; fc .** lar prices $5.50 and W^^^^^X webbings that were left at ths end of th: season "Q
If fies at 'once, and b invis ble. Free demon- ! I * \ ded back, scroll carv- the kind t.:at go through to the back; Carpct-Size, Smyrna Rugs. (12x9 iect)— J6.ooj your choic: I S77/ \ lait year— for the two days our special price Sf
* st-ation in Pe.fumery Department, Main | \-~ ings, a $ 1. a 5 value; spe- S 3 !d everywhere $1. 50 tquare .«H; our- ' AL wool; leautiinl patternsj re ? .»'ar P rce now 1 fflih U wilI bc .
?= Hcor. We recommmd it— jar. _ _ /i^- j _. cial sac Ciff^T* special price $125 $35; special for this sale $23 75 UL— ¦ 111 ( -The 50c style— pair. 27O «
5» ...:5UG price.... "3'WW • ' '•• — - l| ZgPmm^mM** *^"*/;J The 25c ityle - pair. f3o J
|| 5prA>0 House Furnishing saio Two Incomparable 01.5O and $1.75 Silks Matchless Bargains in |
* Linens ana Bedding. Specials in Clothing Special at 89c. Curtains *»<* Portieres. \
?» Ine Annual Opportunity ottered Dy «-* . * ' ¦'-¦ ah r.i. ¦ ci'e-ii Vi • u c - x
S the B-g S.ore for replenishing your- Linen || : • Department. M \£*^?Jt S £lZ?$ Z1x%£m^ We off f vou. reliable, first-class Cur- |
j: Closets .at .a bg reduction from regular Boys' Strong School +uits $1.98— Yt am i Tucsday ; aiso if quantities last. : A'su P =rbcoi- 'ains and Portieres— new, bright, clean J
| e very-day prices. Letjpgmp HJspBH| i^§|^p|^^^^^^ [ i\^:cm^^^m^S^^^m goods, bought for the Spring trade-dur- %
JJ facts that there are no "seconds n thi Doub:e-br ea s'ei coats and knee pants, «» for boys :-.-»*4 :• : rl^^i-.^tiS^J^^f^^?^^^!^ mcr this sale at brices closelv aDDroximat- «
* list of bargains— -verv article is the best r^ 9toi6jL/ of ag eV Man- ' ¦ \*7 r, Plisse ciFects and Printed Warp designs; the prettiest kind ins mis saie at prices cio^eiy approximai
1 nfirJSJ it rl^Zrlli, - fl> u actu J to 8 el for and a _J^ 1 'of pretty .si.ks for. shirt waists, costumes, underskirts, ing the USUal GOSt. The term "MatChleSS" $
«, , , o . « , • ; , T*n £ood barga!n a^ * fo io ° a . n<i /^¥T^>\ : trimmings or ryfflings; most of them exclusive novelties; Roro-^in<i" ic ikpH arivicP^lv in tho h^rl 3
5 B^dSaanDnmask^^ mches i, very fine, yard., jig. fr^^^^/lg^fflS bought^ retail at $1:50 and per yard, O «^ Bar g^. « Used advisedly in the head-/ |
: | Fine Bleached Saun Damask, good 90c gr^de, yard. . 73o /ft^k y *'$* 1 a && ' r° \ X Monday and Tvcsday : ' cfSO ing of thlS announcement. "? .
2 Nice Bleached Table Damask, 60 inches, yard ... 36" /) 7>f \ ¦ **^ aiam^^m^ l\^\ .................. ;i
J Damask Hapktns, size, Rvalue, dozen'..... *».SS /J I] \ Man's $17.50 /' jr ' ¥?) 'm> ''" '' '~V. ** "« ' nc 1? ° T J "jT " *' I f e .. C ~"-M Dch = jj
|. Da^a^^^^s^^ooapa^,^ 8 /_/ | |o^^||gi Special [Sale Photos I
J. Frm^" heavy bVmask^ "'. ' Oxrord Vicuna Overcoa s, 1 ff $5mOO P&BB&ffS 02.50. ' 1 °*& T " ±C P rice )— P« ?*„ ...... £« £*** - | :
J» "»*+¦*/ ValS b c~_. .r>.i« „„„,! » .„.>.. I I • .^ .... . . •' ¦ - »» ¦ . . ioo pairs tine iNocnngnam L>ace curtairu. during sa.c, pair.. . ...B7O «
i l^i^I^i^iilii^s T^ Sir: y @| ife#^»^l^ *»¦ *
J» Extra Double Warp Sheets, 90x90 in., each 62l4c 'I Al' sle.ves a,e satin lined. 7 S fered to the public. The,^5.OO per dozen . S ze (5^X IOO pa^ Tery c h occ Njttinga a m Lace ' Curtains, per pair $#07 J
jj Whits Spread., h^vy, large, hemmed, each .'.*.'.'. ."!!.'. 0 C V **^ f 4-^ ¦ Ma* rf the . coat . In . thk Jot itJ^ .- 9^- -inchei). "»; two colors of* -.panels, ivory and ivy so pa « jtyUsh Arabian Lace Curtain., during sale, pair $579 5
« Fine Wool Blankets, grav, 6 pounds, |6 value ..$4 5 ' U Ol came /rom the ctfetratrd , \qT - . green, on heavy linen surface enamecd .; board, with - o pa ir« extra fine Arabian Lac- Curta ; n» pair ""451? Sf %
Fint White Blankets, lamb's woo', slight manufacturer's impcretion, 1 |}/ manufacturing firm' of Stein, b ack enamehd beveled edges/beautifully embossed; best .• r . „ t T , ¦ , "*. V**:** j,
X full 6-p.und weight, special p; ice, per pair t 4. B5 El §S Block & Co., ani sold regularly by us at $17.50. , fi ., , n <° „,:»:;„ „ i;»u; n 24 pairi of specially heavy Tapestry Portieres— double facei, heavily ,<5
5 Samttie PansBanka1S-^on C of a kfad li white, -n .5 I We are overstocked, and the surplus, coats will Carbon finish; any style of position Or lighting; OUT Spe- fringe; l_3 yard, long-reluced to, per pair.. .$321 *
« pay— from diff^nt mills— to close out, per pur..© C to $1 85 R be put on are to-morrow fi' cia. ofter Oil QltS WCCK, per fljZOT (k'Q CStiTB *4 P» : -« very fine heavy Tapestry Portisre*— heavHy _ -*^ *
Jj ' Good Comforters, full size— the fi.50 kind-«ach ..,$118 \ "-^ (Moncay) only, af. .".., Z§? U 5^«*f*^ 7; .............•.;; ;.;...;.'.... ip&m+9!Ur fringed on both ends, 3 yards ong— ndaced to,' per pair $4a83 5
f Va Dris"Go°JdBf' 1 &aB*BoatBs rot f KitGh&nw^r& antS Orook&^. s^^^^^ \
\ 1 in^udir?' 1 Si*? w Enameled Ware at prices we'll never be able to duplicate. The formation of rhepreat steel trust has caused the jnan- Now Ready. "5
•* tTade^'for "sprinR™ 'a very special e ncw ufacturers of these goods to advance prices 1 5 to 25 per cent. The entire carload of high-grade Enameled Kitbhenwirc offered in this sale was ordered by John B. Stetson's new Sp. ing sty 1=3 in Derbies ••
2 va'ue, rer ari...'. 50O us iast fall, enabling us i to . quote the prices given below, which permit us to say once mo*e cm fio> t velv >wt b> dil^Gtei when %oois njwoh hind d .*°l t /f*~ >v 3t
% 46-inch Albatross— a very fi^e quality of this are hold. In this announcement we also quot: a lew of the specially pric;d Sale items in the CrOcK^ry, CuOcry and ClocK Departments for Monday and Tuesday. ' $J t ¦ (b\ §^\ «
much-in-cemand abric for wai ts and house — -- ' ., . . - . " '.."_ _^. .;-.;.-- - . |^* v^*\ j»
« ""^^** aragDBB*, fattitS, 45c—^uart EnameVd Milk Cw....;^7©. 3 oc— 4-<ruart^^ 35 c— 2-flu«» Covered Saucepans ..... .2©O Sailor > .«
rt WflfltiQW %!ift23£$QSM o~ 7 Kettes.. -...; .57O Xoc—Enanelrd Dinting Cups .':7C 35 c— 10-inch Enamsle . Collam'er 25C 75c— Papier Mache Lap Boirdi. So ' Caps in white pique and duck and fancy -^
5 Y have a new We for f d II*™ - 8 ° C ~ 2 "^ Uart EnarKcIed BoUen • • • • 45c— a-qnat CofLe Pot. ..•.¦;. .7.. . 29O Goaiuated MtiMT.t. ....:. 1jQ 500 Broom$-35cqua:hy— at 25O coloied crash .......: 7SO and $1,00 J
% °tJha" n is T fJT, appLLJce's eo W A ftw __ __ ' ;. ..:.... .^ :.". : i : ¦;. • . . ' ' — _^ , ' . ; Bays'. Straw Sailors in all . o^, an ujdfh of . .«
g dollars rptr.t in our WaJ Paper and Paint De- ?^ 1 " ' ' "~ X ¦ " ' > f :^^< /X ' irfr^ 7^^ s>7^^~S/?~ ' '^ *^L Cn "" gg ° to $ 2 ' 5J
5 pa-.tm-nt«il bright up ycur home wonder- \cfc^-|/ fgl^^^g^P ¦ ' » ¦- ' ' X^^^. lll&JKl'Wl // /^ S@? Bai3V GarHsaSS, «
r^rV-Vr^'a-Vcrm^-'^V^nf 0^/^ 0 3 5c-F*er Water Pails 5c 2S c—^uart Enameled Mi. k Pans IQc 35"— iS-inrh'NicW-plarel T,ay . . . . . 25c $1. co-Meat Saf.-s, the bst 'ami'.y size (aix in pretty L^^r^fe* 1 - '2
Gilts-a large ..sortment; per ,», rol™ sSc-Turke., Feath-r Du t rs 25c 4S c_Muffin Pa «, S holes ;... - 25 c-E ,am e e, Ba-ing Pans ( 7 xii \*.).15 O 26x, 2 . inche ), Vr, ga.z, on « 1, desgns oV VtT^\ -^^^l^^T
S AU'shideVoflnpin-the aS \if3yzZ Candest.cks . toC Ware Du tpans. . . . . . 1 B C -85c- .4 inch Dishpans, cut to. ;.../. * 7 O \ three side,,- ventilated rack ;...;.; S7C ITurkhh ' H^giW/ I 1
:« large floral resigns, etc. ' 60c Imitation Semi-Porcelain Dinner $uoo Imhmon. Cut This 8^Day Mental Clock tith^t! ySy^SSiMA : 5
5 ??/ /S S «/ /O CUtllry. .Cut Glass Lem- S*t — 103 pieces or 12 ffii^^Sy^ Ga s Or . n > e >r Fruit — E«3n- --^- J . " />f7^^P^^^7>^/X "5
0 -opaque, mounted on bejt rollers; re ularly /||^ '* ijll)\ Jf Pitcher?) unu u " Etmi-porce ain, with ricl. pi^^^^iiivi^^m^SSS^Mf' inchw in. tiamitcr);' can gilt and P^^^^^^JW^T^ d'lT " t - V^^^^^^^^^^^7 '?
1? Cheaper Shade,; felt, 15C "opaqur, 3£TC W^^^^^jM^^^^ ' f ° Ut £kSi; goli line, as^hturei; a r ]fj ' lemonade b w ;'. specia] ; trimming, J^^^M^^^f^3 wlTeels^ /i j\^"^ &
j| Jchn Lucas & . Co.'. Pairts/ P^gaUon, 35c Wrought Iron Candb Stick; dragon " f^f' ony] . ;-.; 6S Bcl^ Sst— 7 -pieces, fine imitation J/ ¦ K^Varilr ¦' ~ : . and paddei; patent foot-trake _ J
*. Enamel., Fioor Paint,, Wall Tints, Rcture ™ sa.e Monday and Tu.sday C - -.Q.itea large assortment of Dinner "Se"., Mindav an t Tuesday .!. ... P .. .47C : M^daylnd Tu2- F "S *?""* ? 7/"^ jSfi 5» '5
J- = of^^ |
£ W..IUI. CT- . ff^^'MlV 0 ?%.'?£%¦ ??Jl&'iiSZi r f**% } fr&*i'"*& fa:tor >'. or P iec «> *»™ t«« ' l*5«.«w*h* P e ndlM-edge basin,^ flow blue Thirty-HOUT Alarm- ClOCK— Nickel, ? cars; very light weight ..$2.00 %
K . SrySSSn, SerVICeZttle J^L ,! * n ¦•• V •";•";;, J 80ld b y •«i- 1 «f--rut all the ..tsareccm- ¦ decorations; io pieces; Mon- fi _ - Q i 4- nch cia" \ 67O ¦ ¦¦'¦"- ¦ ' - ¦ — v"' 5
tf uation Drcs.es, a-nfiimaticn Costumes, etc.: , Io .inrh dome -Le <l W o ra ' f 1' fn Lvl, ' «.• m ' P m "' V' l7 *', /* inche?; lmita ion -green onyx, gi.t trmmingi, s remarkably low price for com- -, _ -» IWdfM&«ri; rcarMtrr^m J»
tf weare ho«h e the most compete and vaned ' an on^ \f™*l*** .^-^:"»Kr^J^^^!^P^«V^;: $6.50 On'y expnt help employe!. No apprentices. jf
¦^ "-¦¦- asfortment ev r attemfted on the Coast. - . '• -¦!¦"¦ 3pj9a2S& ¦ ce -/In. or lace pattern engraving; a very ' gong strike, ful.y guaranteed, -mads to sell ' Wm. '- Rogers' Forks and Spoons 'Wigs made to order and guaranteed perfect fir. &
J» F.r.C Fit; O Organdies, 68 inctes wide. Water Tumblers,- or for ¦-.-¦ dainty toble^glass,- P«.-do»cn ;^-y-^ ' for I 6 " Mond »r > nd Tu^ "^^ *(-- Guiramecd fbU standard weiglst ot silver on Work done promptly. *
H evenin g shades and wL : te. ...;.. yard 35q if* *^| -'e ly; goad smoo:h finih Turn- •• ••,•• ......... %PBa%JU day. ................ iP&mtSf I 21 per cent nickel silver— ' 'Hah^Dressinar, J?So— Manicuring, "25o—
Jf Fancy Si k Mixt re Zephyr*. ... ya-d 5ltC ' \ . ' Is rs.* the regu ar "^ lira'-piW.-'Af ¦ ' , U ii. 1 j 11 : , u - m ¦um W mmi <¦¦. '«ju arrim*_ ¦ '^pb-* i '' m^ "•'* juii miji ' iiVv >i J^— «^ - •¦ Shampoo, 5ilG--Sca'P Treatment, 5,o .f
1 Dasiiss'in^nine^ad-.;-^ 3 ' 2 !^^ Bil y l0 \^ Ce *™-P°™-'>™ H • • Teap^ ict of . 6 fi3 C Conn-cted with Chir^cist's office near %
It ¦¦Sl^U^Q^K^iV^W: S ¦ V| *«™ yj « m «r^M"-».r?»^. in Iigbt : , >S™ 2 f? '^- r-:. 7 ?^ 1 Wi : TabeSpoor,, cr F^rks, setot 6.. .$1 m 6(S Barber So?. Spechl f.ceand .,al P t«atm : nt §
ADV£HTISETtTENT3.THE $AN: FRftlNClSGO CALL
JOHN D.SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ' ... V, - Address Communications to W.S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .....:.............................. v ;.;....;,....... ;V./^^
Publication Office <t^^^^^^> ....; ......... ......... .Market and Third, S. F.
BY L DU PONTSYLE.
SHAW'S CAPTAIN BRASSBOUND'S
Conversion the Last
OF THE PLAYS FOR PURITANS.
The first reports that have .come from ! the . Duke of York since he started , upon his tour of
the British \ colonies . announce , that; his ship was caught in a storm -and the Duke ¦ has . been seasick ;
but \ve believe the illness was not severe enough to make him throw up the trip.
Reports . from ; London announce that two members of .Parliament have been unseated. . one
for bribery and the other for "circulating false reports concerning i-his opponent during the cam
paign."^ Suppose a similar 'rule prevailed in Congress, -How many 'members of the. House of'Repre
sentatives would hold their seats. after the shake-up was over?
TIME was that Florida controlled the American orange product, arid looked upon California
as a feeble upstart in. citrus productions. Then she elevated us to the pedestal of a rival in
that line, and complained that our freight rates were too favorable, and, distance considered,
made our competition unfair. Then, frost fell upon her orchards, first taking the bloom, next the
fruit and then freezing the trees to lhe roots. She replanted,, but before the new groves bloomed
they were killed in their turn, and now the effort has ceased. The field isleft to California, and
Florida plants no more. Her citrus growers are migrating to Northern California, where they can
look on the Sierra snows, and fan themselves while picking oranges in December. The sole Flor
ida industry now is serving the winter tourists. The State is turned into a hotel, and there- the
Northern consumptive basks on the balconies, while the more able-bodied troll for tarpon and
shoot alligators.; The land of Billy' Bowlegs is asanitarium and pleasure-ground.
Now Florida looks with jaundiced eye upon California again as a rival in this new business.
The birds of passage who blow out 'of the boreal region. and retreat before the snow have discov
ered that California has ad vantages, over Florida for these purposes, and "many a tired wing rests
for the winter at San Diego, Los Angeles arid clear to the Upper Sacramento Valley. The tour
ists find here sunshine and clemency of climate joined to an energizing zest; .while in Flor
ida they find only languor and enervation. So the, neurotics, the victims of insomnia, the sufferers
from the remorse of, a guilty -stomach, as well as the* hardy but tired and the wholesome seekers
for a wholesome change, find what they want in California. They find it, too, in the midst of Lhe
finest natural scenery in the world and in the midst of the finest and most constant production
of everything that quenches the thirst and satisfies the; appetite of man. The canned goods
menu of Florida is unknown here. Our gardens are perennial as our flowers, and every ? food
from beans to, woodcock and every, beverage from the finest. water to the finest wine, grows on the
premises, and "the maidens are soft r as the roses they twine."- / .... Uf;;]
Florida will always have plenty* of tourists whose strength' or- purse is too short to go
farther and fare better, but California .'will always have. those who would rather live or die in
greater comfort. ~ \ •: • ¦ .. -
o . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦'."¦¦• '¦ ¦ - . • \ • . . x ¦ • : ¦¦¦ ¦ . . ¦ .• ¦.- , „• •
FLORIDA RIVALRY.
WHEN Senator Morgan .went out to- Hawaii to' persuade the people to content them
selves with annexation, a deputation" of intelligent natives waited upon him and asked
what their position would be after annexation. He replied that they would have the
same rights as the negroes have in the United States.; .V v
They then asked what were the rights of the negroes here, and the Senator v made no
reply. . ./ - : .»¦¦¦• ' . . .' ' '••>•/
Since then his idea of the rights of the negro has been developed, and it is the idea of all
the former slave States. Even the border States, wherein, slavery was beginning to die before
the Civil War, have the same idea and are acting upon it, as in Maryland. . • •
But the Alabama Senator has not left the query of the Hawaiians to-be any longer •unan
swered by silence, nor by events. , He has declared himself, and though the declaration was ob
viously not intended for publication, it is published.
In a letter written to Editor Greer of the Standard, Marion, Ala., Senator Morgan says:
"The apportionment bill and the counting of the • electoral vote without the question being
raised as to the constitutionality of the Presidential election in Louisiana and Mississippi is a dis
tinct victory for white suffrage. \ " .
• "Maryland has seen her opportunity and has hastened to profit by ' it. When things are
coming our way there is no necessity for clamorous discussion until they are settled, lest some
one might interrupt. So I think the least 'said is the best just now on the negro question. Those^
people will begin to draw off to the Philippines at an early day.. 'They are already going to
Hawaii, and we shall soon find room for white people in the South. Then we shall.be a free and
happy people.
"When the time arrives I, will elaborate these views, but at present it is better not to dis
cuss them/ We should take n lesson from the Cubans and discuss the negro question with closed
doors in our convention. . '
"The silent progress we are making is very encouraging." That may be read several
times and pondered, much. The "silent progress" made is an open nullification of the constitution
of the United States and the wresting from the negroes of any voice or influence in their own
government. They are thereby returned to the same political condition they were in when they
were slaves. But the Senator sees further happy results from this suppression .of their" consti
tutional rights. He looks -to it as a means of forcing them out of the country entirely. He
thinks that as some are going to Hawaii, the rest will follow, and that they will people the'Philip
pines, making room for white men, when "We will be a free and happy people." , .
As no one is inclined to battle for the rights of a people who will not themselves defend
those rights, it is highly improbable that any considerable number of the Northern people will be
found ready to stand by the constitution and insist that all of its guarantees shall be enjoyed by
those to whom they weregiven.- Morgan's citation of the form that nullification took in Mississippi
is especially suggestive. There is some craftiness in the Maryland and South Carolina laws, and
searching argument and analysis are required to prove them obnoxious to the constitution. But
it is not so with the law of Mississippi. It is clearly disfranchisement ofliving negroes because
their dead grandfathers were slaves. No wonder the Senator regards Northern indifference to that
flagrant provision as "a distinct victory" over the constitution, though he hides it under the
euphemism of "white suffrage." ;
We think that we are justified in concluding that negro suffrage is doomed, and that the
constitution of the United States is powerless to secure it against the determined opposition of
any considerable number of people. The whole country on a rising vote stands for white suffrage
only, and on a (fall for the negative no one rises; for the; time to do so was when* the Congressional
apportionment passed the'. last Congress. The South 1 wili be permitted to; disfranchise the negro
and yet retain over fifty Congressmen and as many votes in the electoral college, by still counting
him for purposes of apportionment and representation. Arid this, although, both are directly and
distinctly forbidden by the Federal constitution! . - . ;
This condition opens up a wide field not for speculation' but for reflection as to the future
status of Porto Rico, Hawaii and- the Philippines. We are, by the active agency of the South
and the passive consent of thcNorth, establishing the principle that this, is a white man's govern
ment. We are going back to the Dred Scott decision and accepting' that part of its dicta as a re
peal of the fifteenth amendment/ '¦¦'• ¦-'¦¦ ' ; : , , ... ' ( ;
All this is in line 'with what we believe is the present mind and will be the future inflexible
policy of the people as to all the islands. - Their black and yellow millions will never be admitted
to equal citizenship, nor their territory to. statehood in this Jepublic.
All told, they number about 16,060,006, and the decree may be regarded as written that
they are to be permanently excluded. Much future trouble is "avoided by present frankness.. The
reported inducement held out for pacification of the Filipinos, that they are to have statehood and
citizenship, is a lure > and delusion. They., will .never have either. If they choose to take the oath
with that understanding there is" no objection, but to take it with the promise of statehood is
a process of sowing dragon's teeth. ,
With the principle of exclusive \ white government established, we will find ourselves with
13,000,000 of domestic negroes and 16,060,000 of islanders oh bur hands to be governed, ¦without
substantial voice in that government. That will be 30,000,000 of people, denied independence,
held in political chattelry and'deprived of the only means by which they can consent to ; government.
Passive submission, or open revolt is. all that is left to them. V.
Before we bind the islands irrevocably it is well to give some thought to these con
siderations, . ." ; ¦ , *
TO-DAY I propose to consider briefly !
"Captain Brassbound's Conver
" sion." the last play in George Ber
nard Shaw's "Three Plays for Purl
tans." Though inferior in wit to
"Caesar and Cleopatra" and In . char
acterization to "The Devil's Disciple,"
this play has an Interest of Its own In
being' what might be termed more prac
ticable. "The Devil's Disciple" requires
for th« character of Richard Dudgeon an
actor as good in his peculiar line as
la Mr. Mansfield or Mr. Miller— and the
eupply of Mansflelds and Millers is strictly
limited. "Caesar and Cleopatra" requires
for the character of Cleopatra a lady as
beautiful as Miss Blanche Walsh— only
with a stormier and more gypsy-like
beauty— and ten years younger. Where
Is that lady to be found? Where Is the
•girl of 16 who could play this tigress In
petticoats T Yet without such an actress
"Caesar and Cleopatra" would be even
mora unsatisfactory than was "The Little
Minister" with Miss Adams left out— or,
one might truthfully add, more unsatis
factory than was "Romeo and Julliet"
with .Miss Adams put in. ¦¦'V'.-.
But "Captain Brassbound's Conversion"
requires for Its Interpretation neither a
MaEBfleld nor a budding Bernhardt; Its
principal character. Lady Cicely Wayn
fleete. Is well within the range of such an
Actress as Miss KIdder or Miss Annie
Russell or three or four others that
might be mentioned. Moreover, while its
Betting Is ingeniously picturesque, it is
not bodied forth on a scale of Oriental
magnificence as Is the setting of "Caesar
end Cleopatra" and would cost only a
ttthe of the $25,000 which that dream of
th* gorgeous East would cost to produce,
la It absurd to hope, then, that some man
ager may be found who, being able to
distinguish a heron from a handsaw, may
also be able to recognize in this fine play
a. work that Is not too bright and good
for feuman nature's dally food? • • •
Or, must we continue to be fed upon the
chopped straw of cheap melodrama and
vulgar farce, until— but Mr. Shaw has
himself described the results of (his) three
years'-Btarving upon. such diet. After
having survived the terrors of concerts
and picture galleries, the theater, he says,
struck him down like the veriest weak
ling: "1 sank under It like a baby fed on
starch. My very bones began to perish,
so that I had to get them planed and
gouged by accomplished surgeons. I fell
from heights and broke my limb's In
pieces. The doctors said, 'This man has
not eaten meat for twenty years; he must
eat it or die.' I said, 'This man has been
going to the London theaters for three
years and the soul of him. has become
Inane and is feeding unnaturally on his
body.* And I was right. I did not
change my diet; but I had myself carried
¦up Into a. mountain ¦where there was ! no
theater, and there I began to revive. Too
weak to work, I wrote books and plays;
hence the second and third plays in this
volume. And now I am stronger than 1
have been at any moment since my feet
first carried me as a critic across the
fatal threshold of a London playhouse.
• • • Why was this? What Is the mat
ter with the theater that a strong man
can die of It?" What, indeed! ! •
To return to Captain Brassbound. The
play opens on the coast of Morocco in a
garden belonging to one Rankln, a good
Scotch missionary. In a conversation be
tween him and Sailor Drinkwater. a pro
duct of the London slums, and Mr. Ran
kln'e only convert after twenty-five years
of unselfish to'il among the Mohammedans,
we learn that Sir Howard Hallam, the
celebrated English Judge, and his sister
in-law. Lady Cicely Waynfleete. have just
arrived at Mosador and desire to make
a trip into the interior. Drinkwater begs
that Mr. Rankin will recommend tp them
as escort, to protect them from the Arabs,
his chief. Captain Brassbound, better
known as Black Paquito.
Drinkwater (with overwhelming convic
tion)—Aw"ll teoll you, guvner, wot he is.
*K's a pafflck genlmn, thet's wot 'e is.
Rankln (gravely)— Mr, . . Drlnkwotter,
pairfection Is an attribute, not of West
Coast captains but of the Maker. And
there are gentlemen and gentlemen in the
¦world, especially In these latitudes. Which
eort of gentleman is he?
Drinkwater— Hinglish genlmn, guvner.
Hinglish speakin'; Hinglish fawther; West
Hinjln plawnter; Hinglish true blue breed.
(Reflectively) — Tech o* brahn from j the
mather, preps, ehe bein' Brazilian.
Smuggler though he Is, Brassbound has
nerved with Gordon. . and . has promised
him never to smuggle slaves or gin, so
since Sir Howard and Lady Cicely are
bound to make the expedition he is en
gaged to escort them. Lady Cicely is a
type • of that sweet reasonableness that
would have delighted Matthew Arnold. :
She has traveled unharmed across Africa
protected by this theory: "Why do peo
ple set killed by savages? Because, in
etead of being polite to them and saying
how-de-do, like me, people aim pistols at
them. I've been among savages, canni
bals and all sorts. Everybody said they'd
ki!l me. But when I met them I said how
de-do, and they were quite nice. The
kings always wanted to marry me."
At the first interview between Brass :
bound. Rankln and the traveler. Rankln
seems to recognize something about
Brassbound, but. cannot tell Just what It
Is. Brassbound evidently recognizes Sir
Howard, for he Is much agitated, warns
him of the dangers ahead of htm and ad
vises him not to gro.
Brassbound— You are safft here. I warn
you, In those hills there Is a Justice that
is not the Justice of your courts in Eng
land. If you have wronged a man, you
may meet that man there. If you have
wronged a woman, " you may meet her
sen there. The justice of those hills is the
justice of vengeance. ¦ - :
Sir Howard (faintly amused)— You are
superstitious, captain. Most sailors are,
I notice. However, I havecbmplete con
fidence in your escort. . ,. : ,
Brassbound (almost threateningly)—
Take care. 'The avenger may be one of
the escort. -
Sir Howard— I have already met the
only member of your escort who might
have borne a grudge against me, captain,
and he was acquitted.'
Brassbound— You are fated to come,
then?
Sir Howard (smiling)— It seems so.
Brassbound — On your head be It! (To
Lady Cicely, accepting her hand at last)—
Good-night.
He goes. It is by this time starry night.
The ' second act opens In Brassbound's
stronghold, an old Moorish castle In the
foothills of the Atlas Mountains. Thither
Brassbound has conducted Sir Howard
and Lady Cicely. One of the escort, Mar
zo, a poor Italian, has been wounded.
Lady Cicely takes Brassbound's own room
for him and in general assumes charge
of. the garrison in a way that astonishes
that stalwart buccaneer. Brassbound's
men are powerlestttfcefore her womanly
charm. When she orders Drlnkwater to
nurse the sick man, he meekly submits,
and— more astonishing still— the rest of
the brigands hustle him off for a bath
at her antiseptic- command. But to Sir
Howard Brassbound is insolent. When
an explanation la demanded, he breaks
out: "You are not my guest; you are my
prisoner." ;
Sir Howard— Prisoner!
(Lady Cicely, after a single glance up,
continues stitching, apparently quite un
concerned.)
Brassbound— I warned you. You should
have taken my warning.
Sir Howard ; (Immediately taking the
tone of cold disgust for moral delin*
quency)— Am I to understand then that
you are a brigand? Is this a matter of
ransom?
Brassbound (with unaccountable inten
sity)_All the wealth of England shall not
ransom you.
Sir Howard— Then what do you Intend
to gain by this? ' . - . _ •
Brassbound-JUSTICE ON A ROBBER
AND A MURDERER!
Then the story comes out. Brassbound
is Sir Howard's nephew— the son of the
West Indian planter of act 1 and of a
Brazilian woman (who drank herself to
death). He had been robbed of his es
tate, as he believed, by Sir Howard, and
bis mother, attempting to get her rights,
had been imprisoned as a dangerous va
grant by this same Sir Howard, sitting aa
a criminal magistrate. Revenge is Brass
bound's Idea: he has his "uncle in his
power; he will sell him to the Moors as
a slave! How he was induced by Lady
Cicely to forego that revenge, how, with
out a suspicion of coquetry, she convert
ed him from his purpose — all this is told
in a long scene of extraordinary power,
humor and pathos. Suffice it, . his . better
nature revives at the touch of a good
woman's hand; when the Moorish chief
Sidl, to whom he has promised to sell Sir
Howard, comes for his white slave Brass
bound offers himself to pay the price
agreed upon. SIdi consents on condition
that he Is to have Lady Cicely! Brass
bound refuses; the fight that la imminent
is prevented only by the opportune arri
val, with a large force, of the Cadi of the
province, who has learned of Brass
bound's scheme, arrests him and al! his
men as abductors and prepares to hurry
them back to Mogador.
Sir Upward (dryly)— I told you you were
not In a strong position. Captain Brass
bound. (Looking implacably at him.) You
are laid by the heels, my friend, as I said
you would be.
Lady Cicely— But I assure you— 1 '
Brassbound (interrupting her) — What
have you tt> assure him of? You p'er-
Buaded me to spare him. , Look at his
face, wm you be able to persuade him
to spare me?
Was Lady Cicely able to persuade him7
Or was Brassbound hanged? If he was
not hanged, did he live to marry Lady
Cicely? Does the very suggestion of this
shock you? If yes, why? And -how did
Mr. Shaw get into his play that charming
American naval captain, commander' of
the cruiser Santiago, of whom we have
yet heard nothing? And where dldLady
Cicely pick up her. peculiar Ideas about
the proper arrangements for stokers on
board an American man-of-war? And
how did she get Captain Kearney to ac
cept them? And what are Mr. Shaw's
views on phonetics and Waterloo road
ethics as set forth In the character of
that "Pafflck Genlmn," Mr. Dunkwater?—
Go to; who am I that I should answer for
you all these delightfully puzzling ques
tions, when my friend, Herbert Stone, will
answer them for you if you will but buy
a! copy -of Mr.. Shaw's "Three Plays for
Puritans," as I consider It your bounden
duty to do? 'Which duty, If you do but
fulfill, you will thank me all the days of
your life.
THE New York musical press Is just
now full of the new Reyer opera.
"Salammbo." founded on the bril
liant novel of Flaubert, which
was given for the first time In
America a couple of weeks aco at the
Metropolitan Opera-house with the fol
lowing cast:
Salammbo, Miss Lucienne Breval: Taanach.
Miss Carrie Bridewell; Matho. Mr. Ealeia:
Shahabarim. Mr. Sallsmac; Narr Havas. Mr.
Journet; Spendius. Mr. Sizes: Glscon, Mr. Gil
bert: Autharite. Mr. Dufriche: Hamilcar. Mr.
Scotti; Mancinelli conducting.
The libretto is by Camllle du Loche.
who, according) to James Huneker, has
"butchered Flaubert'3 book to make a
Parisian holiday," though accomplish
ing his task successfully according to his
lights— theatrical lights." Of Reyer's part
in the matter Mr. Huneker savs:
I could only distinguish two well-deflned lead
ing motives In the partition. One came from
Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet." fourth act, the
other is a slight deviation from Tristan's cry
in act three: "O Isolde." For the rest I have
a vague remembrance of cantilena without
melody, finales without climax, a thin, noisy,
shallow and irritating stream of orchestration
and a vocal score that either screamed or
roared. The harmonic scheme is dull and .there
is little rhythmic variety. Reyer, as I eald
before, has few musical Ideas, and he does
not conceal this deficiency by the graceful ex
ternals of a brilliant instrumentation. I saw
"Salammbo" twice in Paris and twice here.
I never wish to see or hear it again. As well
meant as 'was Reyer*s admiration for the Im
mortal story, a story that will outlive the
mock antiquities , of Bulwer, Ebers and Sln
kiewlcz, the French critic and composer was
not the man to give It a musical setting. Wag
ner or Verdi— none other— could have made of
this glowing Oriental prose-poem a music
drama of vital power and exquisite coloring.
Of exceptional Interest to us Is the of
ficial statement of the New York Metro
politan Opera-house management, issued
last week at the close of the winter sea
son, to the effect that the Metropolitan
forces will -really be with us again next
season. It has seemed almost over-good
to be true, but there now seems to be no
doubt of the matter.,- As to who will be
heard here next season in addition to the
Grau . galaxy of last vear the oracle is
silent, but here is a list. of artists culled
from the. Musical Courier who have
signed contracts with Covent Garden for
the London season: -
Soprano — Calve, Eames, Ternlna, Su
zanne Adams, Breval, Gadski, Strakosch,
Sobrino, Bauermeister; .contraltos and
mczzcs — Brema, the Misses Olitzka, Del
mar. . Aldridge. Maubourg; tenors — Tam
agno, Knole, Walther. There will be two
new singers, a young Italian named An
selmi, who has had a good reputation In
Naples, and a French-Canadian of the
name of Mercier. Other strangers to
Covent'Garden will be Reisse, whose voice
is said to be one o$ the finest in Ger
many, and Forgeur, who comes from.
Brussels. Others who •will appear are
"Van Dyck, Saleza, Van, Rooy, Plancon,
Scotti, Bispham, Blass, De Clery and Gili
bert. The" conductors will be Mancinelli
and Klbn Lohse. New works to be given
are Lalo's "Rol d'Ts" and Dr. Stanford's
new opera, "Much Ado About Nothing."
The libretto of the latter opera, by the
way, was written by a Philadelphian,
Julian Sturges, and the Benedick will be
sung by another Philadelphian, much ad
mired here. David Bispham.'
It will be noted that the names of the
De ¦ Reszke' brothers are absent from the
Covent Garden's list up to date, they
having refused the terms offered by the
new management.- Of course, if ; the re
port of the illness of the incomparable
Jean be only half true, neither Covent
Garden nor anywhere else could know
him for many months, if ever. Melba,
Nordica, Schumann-Heink and Cam
panani are also among tne missing, and
altogether, our star list of last year com
pares most favorably with that of the
great home of opera in England.
As to our own coming season. Calve
is already promised by Mr. Grau, Calve
who sings Juliet, Carmen, everything,
and who is the greatest Carmen of his
tory. It Is to be ¦ hoped that we shall
also have Eames and Ternlna among the
sopranos, the latter of whom seems to
be possessed of ; the same universal
genius as Jean 1 de Reszke; great as a
Wagnerian singer and equally wonderful
in ltal.an opera. Her Isolde is said to be
beyond all, comparison. With these and
Jean de Reszke in addition to his brother,
it is quite probable that Mr. Grau would
again be "delighted" with his season In
San Francisco.
The American Guild of Organists will
hold a local examination for the diploma
of assoclateship in the guild on Wednes
day, April 24, } simultaneously with the
most important Eastern cltiea. Name3 of
candidates should be handed in to Wal
lace A. Sabln, the local examiner, on or
before April 15.
The many friends of Mme. Julie Rose
wald, the well known vocal teacher, will
be glad to learn of her complete restora
tion to health and of her intent to return
to California during the" summer. She
will resume her work among us, and says,
after four years* travel about the world,
that she will be well content to settle
down in San Francisco.
"How to Be an Organist Though In,
India" Is the quaint subject of a plaintive
little paper In the current number of Mu
sic. For the Occidental organist, impa
tient of the familiar freakishness of his
instrument,- this humorous plaint from
the tropics* is indispensable reading. If
he would be content to suffer in such
silence as the accident permits the
"ciphering" of a note during service, the
haughty pitch, of .the reeds when the day
It is hot, the classic sleeplessness of the
man behind the.- bellows, let him spend
five minutes with this organ-grinder in
India.
His instrument Is a small one, fourteen
stops, a rarity .in the neighborhood (no
wonder!), and tuned -once a year by a
long-distance tuner from' Calcutta. In
the tropic summer, during the season of
hot winds, its favorite amusement is to
unglue itself in every, possible place
wht-re a respectable organ goes glued.
Then the Ivory caps of the keys have a
happy fashion of projecting themselves
into space (with a preference for the or
ganist's nose) at every opportunity, and
a delightful habit of wearing themselves
curled when the weather permils. The
bellows, too, join, in the general rebellion,
and with the able-bodied assistance of the
somnolent native blower are responsible
for tho many weirdly humorous effects
peculiar to the Indian church service.
Altogether,- the life of the : organist in
India Is not a happy 'one, and the perusal
of his little tale of woe is distinctly con
ducive to a decent" content with our own
musical-climatic conditions. He has,
what I understand is termed In Kansas',
"a hot time.". .v
That was a sheer triumph, of .tempera
ment the other evening at the Twentieth
Century Club concert, when Mr. Paul
Egry, with the , Max Bruch concerto as
medium, drew a quadrangle , encore from
a popular audience for his rendering of
this /purely classical number. The vio
linist's . reception was the ' more marked,
in that he 'came" toward the latter end of
a longish programme that began almost
half:; an"' hour." late. /.This," by . the way,
was the case with^ the two former con
certs, and it Is respectfully. "suggested to
the club that It is a bad ; precedent to
establish In' a" concert : series, more *es-
pecially of the. popular kind. Let there
be added the grace of punctuality to the
many good features of these entertain
ments, with closed doors during tha
numbers, and two points toward the ethi
cal education of the audience shall have
been gained. To return to Mr. Egry.
The violinist is a brother of the well
known 'cellist, Mr. Arthur Weiss, and
was himself well known here a few years
ago as the leader of a small band in one
of the popular resorts, but he has dono
comparatively little solo work. One was
of course prepared for something rather
out of the ordinary by the player's choice
of number, and his Interpretation amply
justified the prophecy. Mr. Egry has
any amount of temperament, a big tone,
a facile wrist and a quick and sura
though not always clean technique. Ho
gave an Impassioned and spirited render-
Ing of the concerto, which, as before said,
greatly pleased his audience.
Another number of interest was the
"Elegie" and "Scherzo," from the new
Arenaky trio for piano, -violin and 'cello,
riven by Messrs. Genss. Egry and Weis^.
The "Elegie" is a graceful Dut thin move
ment witnout any attempt at elegiac pro
fundity, and the rendering of the
"Scherzo" left the Impression of lnsum
cient rehearsal. As it was heard it
seemed a rather labored effort in the di
rection of rhythmic originality, not war
ranted by any particular beauty of result.
Mr. Weiss furnished the popular classic
element with Thome's "Simple Aveu" and
the Popper "Gavotte," in the tricky ac
companiment to which Mr. Genss lost
himself slightly with the rest of us. It
is true that Mr. Weiss takes a consider
able liberty with the tempi. Mr. Gensa
solos were a musical "Night Song, of nn
own and the Schubert-Tauslg ' Mllitar
marsch." Two Bargiel "Spring Songs. 1
rendered In amateurish fashion by Mrs.
Mulcahy, Miss Lyon, SIlss Bruntsch.and
Miss Forder, and two barytone solos, sym
pathetically sung by John . Plagemann,
completed the programme.
As befits the gracious season the char
ity affair Is rather in tne ascendant Just
now.- To-morrow\ evening a talk on bl
berla from a new standpoint will be STlvea
by William Mitchell at Sherman-Clay
Hall for the benefit of the Children's Hos
pital. There will b« some songs by Mian
Marie Partridge. • • • On Tuesday
evening the bis charitv concert at tno
MarH Hopkins institute of Art. will taka
place with the societv amateur as per
former and the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation, St Ignatius Training School for
Servants. Seamen's Institute and Anni
tage Orphanage as beneficiaries. An ad
mirable programme 13 assured by tno
presence of the following names: Sirs.
Gustavus Arnold, Mrs. Jack Casserly,
Miss Bessie Ames, Miss Hulda Anderson,
the Misses Sherman. Miss Agnes Bergin.
Mr and Mrs. B. G. t.athroi>, William
Byrne and Edgar Mills. A chorus of
men's voices from the- Bohemian Club wU
add to the Joys of living and a dainty
supper will serve to annex the re*
malning nickels for the cause. Over
$1300 worth of tickets have already
been sold. • • • On the same evening
the Tivoli gives a benefit performance o£
"The Idol's Eye." with specialties from
• the Orpheum. for the free ward and clinia
of the California Eye and Ear Hospital.
• • • Yet another Tuesday affair, a very
unfortunate coincidence "of dates, la an
other of the charming song lectures by
Father McLoughlin, to be given at the
Metropolitan Temple. The lecture (I be
lieve), Is to be titled "The Rose* Sham
rock and Thistle." and any one interested
In English, Irish and Scotch song litera
ture and susceptible to the charm of a
limpid and polished English will do well
to hear the priest-singer, who certainly
has a "wonderful way" with him. • • •
I see that the ladles of the California Club
have been fortunate enough to secura
Mrs. Arnold for the opening 1 , ceremonies
of the Industrial and Allied Arts Exhibi
tion at Mechanics' Pavilion on Wednesday
evening next, and that the talented singer
will also be heard at St. Luke's Church
to-day. < ='-'
MORGAN ON THE RACES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ SUNDAYr™APRIL 7, 1901.
BY BLANCHE PARTIHGJON.
NEW OPERA AND NEW STARS
Rising in the Musical
FIRMAMENT HERE AND EAST.
• ' - •
18
AJDVESTISEMENTS.
Easter chocolate cream and fancy col-
ored cream eggs, baskets of eggs, etc
Townsend's, 639 Palace Hotel. •
A nice present for Easter— Townsend's
California elace fruits. ln.spi en did flre-
etched boxes. 50c lb. 639 Palace Hotel. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Tuesday. April 9, at
11 o'clock. Horses and Mules, at 1732 Market
street.
By G. H. Umbsen— Thursday, April 18, at 12
o'clock. Business Property, at 14 Montgomery
street.
By Easton & IZldrldee— Wednesday, April 10,
at 12 and 2 o'clock. Persian Rugs, at 149 Stock-
ton street.
STOCK
• •• eeee •••••• • • • • tn»
But Here Is a
COMMERCIAL
INVESTMENT
Where
< E3 .%
Is Guaranteed
on Its Bonds.
e • e eeee e » e » e e eeee >tn
INTEREST IS PAYABLE
6EMI-ANNUALLY
AND IS SURE
Shares SI Each,
This company is also offering: a
small amount of its common
stock on which dividends are paid
at 90 cents a share.
Call at our office and we will
tell you. how you can use this
stock in payment for a machine,
should you wish one. and any
other particulars you may desire.
Send for Catalogue
CALIFORNIA
AUTOMOBILE CO.
Main Office-^222 Sansome St,
San Francisco.
Factory 346 McAllister street
Phone Jessie 366.
WANTED
$10,000 - - ... Interest t; per cent
$25,000- - - - Interest 6 percent
- - - > Interest 7. per cent
[ BEST SECURITY GIVEN.
Call between 9 a. m. and 12 m.
Boom 118, Phelan Building, San Francisco,
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. .'¦*¦'
Mechanics' Pavilion— Exhibition of the Indus-
trial and Allied Arts Wednesday, April 10.
Kecreation Park— Baseball.
Tanforan Park — Paces to-momm.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — "Cinderella.** \
Columbla^-Tlie Little Minister."*
Central— "The Gladiator." . I
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Pardner." _
Olympia. comer Mason aad Eddy streets —
Specialties.
Fischer* b— Vaudeville.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville •very
afternoon and evenlne.
Sherman-Clay Hail — Lscture for the benefit
of Children's Hospital to-moirow nlsht.Charged 'With. Embezzlement.
Arthur Meadows, collector for Hard-
Ing's Law and Collection Agency, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging:
him with felony embezzlement. The com
plaining witness Is Dr. Conrad 'Winter
berg. Van Ness avenue, who alleges that
Meadows collected $100 for him, and that
he has only been able to get $30 of the
amount. #
Suits and Overcoats for Men.
P. *C. Kelly will sell to-morrow at tha
assignee sale of clothing 420 men's sulta
worth $15 to (IS, each one of them for
$4.65 a suit. These suits are custom-made;
the material Is all wool. All styles In blue,
gray, brown or black. Cheviots, tweeds,
fine cassimercs In various colors, single or
double breasted, round or square cut.
Also for $4.65 each 350 men's spring over
coats, worth none less than $15. Look in
the windows. The suits and overcoats axs
exhibited and will be sold for $4-63 to-mor
row at the clothing assignee sale of tha
Boston, 775 Market St., near Fourth. P.
C. Kelly, Assignee. •
Presented With a Sword.
There was a very pleasant surprise
party on the transport wharf yesterday.
In response to an urgent telephone mes
sage Captain N. P. Batchelder, assistant
quartermaster, hurried down to the wharf
to be welcomed by all hands and the cook.
Be fere he could ask a question Captain
John Barneson, superintendent of the
transport service, stepped forward and on
behalf of the dock officials presented him
with a magnificent gold-mounted sword.
Captain Bachelder has just passed a most
successful examination and been pro
moted from the volunteer service to the
regular army, and the officials and em
ployes of the service took the occasion to
show their appreciation of him as an offi
cer and a gentleman. The sword bears
the following inscription:
Presented to Captain N. P. Batcbelder, Q.
M., U. S. A., by the dock officials of the United
States army transport service. • San Francisco.
Cal., Aarll S. I30L. ..
¦ Oil men will wait the outcome of the
forthcoming meeting « to be held in the
Palace Hotel in this city before they can
determine what the general situation Is.
With a proper issue the meeting, - which
is called by President Ach of the Monte
Cristo Company, should prove of great ad
vantage to the oil , producers, who,
seemingly, need' to be united. In fact,
union is indispensable; to concerted action
when there are so many companies to do
business in the State. ' The good to' come
to the Kern and McKittrick districts oil
men will also eventually be of advantage
to the remainder of the State. At the
present time there are all sorts 'of propo-,
sition3 to >be heard,' more or less calcu
lated to remedy existing troubles in mar
keting fuel oil. One prominent oil man
suggested yesterday • that to shut down
all wells for a period, excepting such as
are filling contracts already made, would
be a measure that would be sure to raise
the price. ~ -
The Standard Oil people naturally wish
to buy, oil as cheaply as possible, that
the margin of profit may be larger when
selling it to large consumers. With di
vided forces the oil men will not be able
to have their way, which is in the direc
tion of better prices. It Is held by pro
ducers that the competition of oil against
oil is absurd when the real competition
ought to be only against coal, which the
cheaper fuel is in the field to supersede.
The situation is the most interesting that
has yet been presented in connection with
the oil industry of California. '
The Bieber Gazette says that claims for
oil have been located in the Stone Coal
Valley. Oil seepag-e in the foothills, both
east and west of Bieber, have been dis
covered. The country has been given the
name of the "Pit River oil fields" because
of proximity to the riveY. . •
One of the wells in Shasta County 13
down 700 feet. Gas is reported to be is
suing from another.
More than $1000 in fees, so says the San
Bernardino Sun, has been paid into the
County 'Recorder's office this month, for
the location of claims, of which the ma
jority, are oil claims. The oil locations
are nearly all near Victor, at which place
the oil excitement' continues. The Sun
remarks that it is true all . the desert
around Victor has been located.
The Antioch. Ledger reports that a
heavy flow of gas has been encountered
in a well near Antioch, which Is down
over 900 feet.
The Sunset - Oil Refining 1 Company Is
placing foundations for eight more stills
at its plant at Obispo* west of Long
Beach. The addition will double the ca
pacity of the plant, making sixteen 150
barrel stills in all. The dally capacity
will be about 1500 barrels.- At this plant
Illuminating oil is made exclusively from
California crude petroleum. The crude
oil used has a range from 16 to 28 grav
ity. About 25 per. cent is extracted in
the form of the new illuminating oil. The
product has been shipped- so far: only to:
Los Angeles and other Southern Califor
nia points. . ' \
A well will be drilled within the city
limits -of. Redding, Shasta -County.- Sur
veyor General Gleaves. is- interested in the
project,' so says the Redding Free Press.
When the McNab weil in Santa Cruz
County was ready for operations an In
novation was i made by christening the
bit with champagne. Mrs. H. F. Ander
son performed the ceremony of breaking
the bottle on the bit. -
The California Mining and Oil Com
pany has increased its capital stock "to
*5,000,000. ' This cor poration , is located at
Redding, Shasta County.
After receiving an opinion from Milton
McWhorter, it has been determined to
drill in Fresno County, between Lanes
bridge on the San Joaquln River and the
foothills. As a result 10,000 acres of land,
according to the Fresno Evening Demo
crat, have been bonded on both banks
of the San Joaauin' River.
The electric light plant at Sebastopol,
Sononia 1 County, will supplant wood with
oil for fuel. Two tanks will be erected
to contain respectively 30CC and 6000 gal
lons. Oil is cheaper and better than wood.
. Oil is reported to have been struck in
the middle of the Elkhorn Valley, in Kern
County. The valley is about twenty miles
long and from four to five miles wide.
Some account of San Benito wells .Is
given -by- the Hollister Bee, which says
tho Hamilton Oil Company, has drilled
down 150 feet, the San Benito County Oil
Company 985 feet, the Esmeralda 50 feet
and the Ohio Oil Company 500 feet. La
Primera has put up a. derrick. The Lon
don Oil Company t has closed a contract
for 160 acres. .
The Los Angeles Herald says:
A "successful experiment has been made in
pumping oil from a well in the Kern itlver
field with compressed air. This method has
been tried with success In the local Held, but
the first really satisfactory result in the north
ern field was in well No. 1 , of the Euclid Oil
Company. In the Kern River field the opera
tions, are troubled not a little with shifting
Ecnds. which fill up the casing, making it
necessary I to clean the hole every few days.
Under the new method the oil is forced up
from the bottom, and when properly handled
it cleans out the hole so fast that it is neces
sary to stop in order to let the hole fill. , The
hole ¦was partly filled when the experiment was
tried, but in spite of it from the start the
well was made to produce more than "when it
was first put on the pump. The result of
the experiment is viewed with much satisfac
tion by the operators, who declare that com
pressed air pumping will revolutionize the
business. : " ...
An oil seepage Is reported to have been
discovered in Modoc County.
The directors of , the Stock Exchange at
Bakersfield have, called for bids for con
struction of the proposed building, which
will be opened, next Wednesday. The
architects are McDougall Brothers of San
Francisco. •¦ The structure will be four
stbries with basement." -It will stand at
the corner of H and Nineteenth streets.
The effect of the decision of Secretary
of War Root, permitting the continuance
of drilling for oil off the California coast,
in the ocean, is in accord with the ruling
of the Superior Court in Santa Barbara
County. This was that the War Depart
ment can grant a permit to drill under
the ocean, ; but the courts will not allow
the application of a permit in front of an
other person's property. - .
Dr. J. M. West writes to the Red Blurt
r>aily People's Cause that he and a com
pany are about to begin, operations on a
tract of 1000 acres-west of Red Bluff and
that a sufficient number of wells will be
drilled^ to fully demonstrate the existence
or non-existence 6f oil ! in that locality.
He has been . considering : the proposition
about a year. ¦ *
The Spokane Chronicle says Spokane
and Kalispell men will drill in the valleys
under the Flathead Mountain for oil and
will begin operations about twelve miles
from Kalispell. ¦¦'
At Rosalia 1 "Wash., oil is .reported to
have been discovered in a well that wa.«
put down by the town and the usual ex
citement has resulted; • :
The oil excitement at Colorado Springs
is said almost to equal that which attend
ed the Cripple Creek p-old discoveries. Lo
cations .been filed at Colorado
Springs and also at Pueblo.
- > Oil in Various Sections. '
T. - L*. Reed has been looking over Yolo
and Colusa ' counties for oil indications.
He tells the Woodland Democrat that oil,
when struck in the Yolo and Colusa belt,
can readily be piped to the Sacramento
1 River, and that" is the solution of the
transportation problem. .
The country for a. distance of something
more than ten miles in Idaho on the Snake
River has all been" taken up by oil specu
lators. ¦ No work is underway. yet, but a
syndicate has : purchased machinery to
sink a well experimentally, f
The last of the Government land In the
eastern part of : San : Luis . Obispo . County
has now been located. -From, township 29,
south-of the Cuyama, "and" east of range
19, all of the 1 land has been » filed ¦ upon
and the County Recorder, has work ahead
to keep, him" busy tor some time/ ¦/
K • ¦ ' : ¦ '• v ======= : : :¦>. ; .'<•
Law and" Collection "Co., r»
moved to *13 Bush st. *
One Producer ; Would Shut Down to
• Force an Improvement in Mar
ket Prices— Progress of
the Drills.
Chance for, United Action Is
in Coming Meeting at
the Palace!
OIL MEN HOPING
FOR AN ADVANCE
By the filing of a quitclaim deed yester
day another attempt was made, so ' of
ficials in the Recorder's office declare, to
cloud title to property comprising near
ly one-third of the city and county or San
Francisco. . f
The deed was recorded at the request of
John G. Jury and recites that John Chap
man conveys to A. C. Darby and John G.
Jury an undivided one-third interest to
the lands described as follows;
Commencing at a point on Mud Island at the
mouth of Mission > Creek, running thence due
north and in a line with Alcatraz Island to the
6outh shore of San Francisco Bay ; thence west
erly alone the shore to the mouth of a mud
elough: thence southerly to the summit of Lone
Mountain ; thence southeasterly to the head
waters of Mission Creek; thence easterly along
Mission Creek to the point of commencement,
containing one league of. land, more or less.
Said one-third interest in and to said lands
being two-thirds of the interest of the party of
the first part therein conveyed by deed" from
According to the Hall of Records' depu
ties the transfer is purported to be made
under the old "Marchena grant," which
the Supreme Court declared was invalid in
an elaborate opinion rendered by the late
Stephen J. Field. In addition to the quit
claim deed a rower of attorney was also
filed from John Chapman to I Jury and
Darby, the grantees in the deed. The last
named two are residents of Santa Clara
and the instruments were acknowledged
by M. Wheatman, a notary public.
According to the revenue stamp affixed
to the quitclaim deed the consideration
paid by Jury and Darby was $25,000.
Property Involved Includes One
. Third of City and County, Wnich
Supreme Court Protected
by Decision. "^
Transfer of Large Tract Is
Made Under Marchena
Grant.
ANOTHER EFFORT
TO CLOUD TITLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
19
TO SEE THE
PRESIDENT
: . ¦ ¦-..' - ¦ AND
THE LAUNCHING OF THE
BATTLESHIP "OHIO."
MAY 18th - - - - - 19O1.
We have secured the only available land on
the bay front and will erect thereon comfort-
able and commodious teats. Each seat w"l
command an open view of the start of the
Ohio as she leaves the ways and takes her
first bath. The spectacle will be one you can-
not afford to miss seeing.:
President McKlnley, accompanied by his
staff, and a number of prominent Ohioans will
Secure your seats now, as this Is the only
available place on land to view the launch-
ing and you can now get Beats at the com-
pany's price. Don't ¦ wait until they are
bought by speculators and you have to pay
double for them. -
Price $3 and $2 each. Make drafts payable
to secretary. 916 Market street, room 68.
R. HESSE, Mankeer.
• « P. J. KNIGHT.' Secretary.
WESTERN NAT. BANK, Depository.
LAWRENCE C. MANOR, Attorney, phone
Red B214.
OIL
WHO is it that advises you to put
money ?n OILP
Has he made money KiMSEIrFP
SUCCESS camps with SUCCESS.
•Then FOLLOW success. FOLLOW
me. . " :' •
JAS. R T. MERSHON,
537, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT BDC, 8.F.
oecanics,s,co.5Si
SS. VEN"TURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia ....'
."..Wednesday, April 17, 8 p m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, April 27, 2 p. sou
i. O.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Genera! Agents. 327 Market St
Bw'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier Ho. 7, Pacific St
BAY AND RIVEB. STEAMERS.
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON., TUES.. WED.. .THURS. 'AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. tn., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office, Mia-
glon-st. Dock, Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
DIRECTORY OP
REPUTABLE OIL COMPANIES.
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset, 80 acres McKittrick, 320 acres
In Coalinga. Now drilling in Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE, Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldg, 8. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COMPANY
Owns 4414 acres 8 miles west of Arbuekle,
Colusa County, In the heart of the oil district.
Paraf fine base oil. Limited amount of stock
at 60c. 30,000 shares sold In 10 days. ' Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Offlc* -
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
No. 1, pumping over 600 barrels daily, rated
the "King" well of the district No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50 cents. Order by mall. ¦, 75 cents
after April 10. 393 Parrott building, S. F. - j
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning . producing well.
20c Per Share.
• . ¦ , ¦ Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil In California Is found; stock at 30
cents; prospectus furnished. £70 and 671 Parrott
building, San Francisco. .. , . ...
SALINAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT, CO.'
1880 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 800 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at 15c per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OL8EN,
Secretary. 574 Parrott building. Ban Francisco.
•SILVER' STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKittrick District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room COS Safe Deposit Building, Z2t
Montgomery at. ' ¦ -
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND." - '
Controls 440 < acres. Are drilling. • Some ateek
is being sold at 60c per share. Information *M
prospectus , furnished on application, i - No. £
second Floor, Mills Building, San Francisco,
NOME,
Telleiy Behring,
Golof nin, etc.
S. S. JENNIE,
P. H. MASON. Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T. L. ELLIS, Master.
Will leave Ban Francisco on'
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JBANIE roes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 26.
S. 8. VALENCIA, J. M. Lane, Master.' leaves
Pan Francisco May 24, 1901, and Seattle May
20. 1901. for Nome, Teller, Behrlng, Golo'nln.
etc
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
SO CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and ¦ Yesler way. Seattle.
fiolofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller jCity.
Steamship Ruth
<W. S. HIGGINS, Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
abont May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th. ;
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN, Agent."
6W Market Street, opp. Palaco Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO KISEN EAISBA.
SrEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
£ 0r J rO -S? HAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
BS. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday April 9 M01
6S. NIPPON MARU .Friday May 8 MOl
BS. AMERICA MARU.Wednesdai May 2»1 W01
Round-trip tlckeu at reduced' rates. Tci
freight and passage apply at company's office
<21 Market etreet, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agont.
C0KPAQ5IE OIKXBALZ TEANSATtAHTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^_
Calling every Thursday, Instead ot i&BfCTYk.
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, T^l'tflt
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre,' $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI ft CO.. Paclflo Coast Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
ail Ballroad Ticket Agents," • . •
OIL -WATER.
MANUFACTURE
W.W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION FOR
POWER PLANTS, FOR MINES.'
TANKS
FOR OH*, FOR WATER.. FOR CYANIDB
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
Ar.d Short Rail Line from Portland to ell
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and pail, at
1X5 WEST RATES!
Eteamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
B. S. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. IS, 23. May 3
6. S. GEO. "W. ELDER.Salls Apr. 8. 18, 28, May 8
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TOKK. SCtTTHAKPTOS. L05D0IC, , PARIS.
Stopplnif at Cherbourg, westbound.'
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Vaderland April IT St. Paul May 8
St. Louis April 24 St. Louis- May IS
New York May 1 New York May 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. -
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...April 171 Frlesland May 8
KensJngton ....April 24 Southward May 16
Zetland May II Vaderland May 23
INTERNATIONAL .NAVIGATION COMPANY.
_ CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
Cer.wal Agent Pacific Coast. 80 Montgomery rt.
PANAMA R. R. sgl
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 9105; Steeraee, 940.
5. S. Lee I an aw sails Saturday, April 2O
6. S. Arfeyll M ii 8 Mondey, May 6
8 « s - sails Monday, May 20
v < V? m P^TJ^onnst. Wharf. 2 p. m.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA HE VAPORBS
Jn-i 80 ' eto VP l °S »* Mexican, Central
°!,Afflexican ports. Railing Section 2.
T A T I M E A ( i L T IPA -• Apr - lOfPERU Apr. ..
™ . ; Apr. 17|GUATEMALA-.May ..
These eteamers are built expressly tor Cwv
trai ana South American passenger «errlc«.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
*ad P^nrerofflce, 818 California rtreetT
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO^ Agents.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Restores the Vital Forces: Per-
fectly, safe and reliable. , It gives
strength arid vigor to body; brairr,
. . : : ." .
All Dru&tfsts. Refuse Snbstltnte*.
jpj Sterling Furniture P^P
Sg No mail or telephone orders accepted on this offering Sn
g RicKmond Range S
(The finest range in San Francisco or in the world for gS
w5 t^ iat ma tter) all set up in your home with waterback PW
|p 3x5 down 5po montri fi§
42) Special Prices in the £^
CrocKery Department
5J23 Three imported dinner sets of ioo pieces each— English vitrified semi- «3
PW porcelain. Light green decorations on clear white glaze. W*)
§5g .'• Special Price $8.50 >§3
$£ Five " Iras " decorated dinner sets of ioo pieces each- g^
S Special Price $10.00 ou
Nine beautifully 'decorated Carlsbad China dinner sets of ioo pieces WU
each.' Fire gilt edges and floral decorations. Your choice of three K*&
S*C patterns, blue mauve or pink. rk&
SJ>J Special Price $22.50 J^
VjA Two English, decorated tea sets of 44 pieces each. Thos. Hughes & #^(
Sons English semi-porcelain. £a
«<| ,'if':'' Special Price $3.00 «W
got We'd be glad to have you open an account Yjs
&S with us. §S
I STERLING FURNITURE i
bA Store open /^AMH AHTH7' We close every S^
£W Saturday evening I | g Wi M A f^ V other evening pC
tlllio W/UlfirAnI at 6 Z W,
39 Market St. Opp. McAllister fej^lSg
For the last ten years there has been
an frcrease of 2000 annually in the num-
ber of. Great Britain's insane.
OCEAN TEAVEE.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
mk Steamers leave Broadway
3hv wharf, San Francisco:
1 V?**ta£- For Alaskan Port»— 11 a. m-.
SiViw^ifcv A P ril x - 6 - n - 1S - :1 - 26> M !l y
Vi f Ti*^in^*Jk *• Change to companjrs
(l M^FVP^ia steamers at Seattle.
i P* V*3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
[ FCTirCl-"-*.* s C.). Port Town«nd. Seattle,
l'r aBi €2s&*$fl Tacoma. Everett. Anaeorte*
*»* and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. April 1. 6, 11. W. 21.
£6, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Chance at Seattle for this company"! «teamer»
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C." P. _Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay^2 p. m.. April J,
8, 12. 18. 23. 28, May 8, and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Fan DietfO. stopping: only at Bant* Bar-,
bara. Port Los Anreles and Redondo ClxM An-
p°les=)— Pteamer Queen. ¦\\"eane»day«. 9 a. m.;
etexmer Santa Rosa., Sundays. S a. m.
For fianta f'ruz, Montc-ey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos, "port Harford <San LuIr Obispo). Gavtota,
Fanta liarhara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kayt San Pedro <Los Aneeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, V a- m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. tn.
For Fnsenada.. Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia end Guayraas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company*
folfiers.
The comcary reserves the rirht to change
steamers, sailing cates and hours of Eailinf
\rithout previous notice.
TICKET OFF1CK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEnKIXS t CO., Gen. Agt«.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
RECTAL DISEASES
SUFFERERS FROM PILES AND
Have Now a Simple but Effective
Modern medical science and skill has
at last succeeded in' producing a remedy
which effectually cures that common but
extremely annoying trouble, piles. *
The Pyramid Pile Cure is the remedy
referred to and repeated and thorough
trials of the remedy during the past three
years have demonstrated that It is the
long sought for remedy which can be de-
pended upon as a genuine cure. There
are many remedies which give relief, but
such relief is only temporary and the
trouble soon - returns, as bad or worse
than ever. But the Pyramid Pile Cure
stands practically alone as a lasting cure.
It not only gives immediate relief but the
relief- is there to stay. . i ¦ .
Mr. J. W. Rollins writes briefly and to
the point regarding his experience with
piles. He says: "1 consider the Pyramid
Pile Cure. without an equal. It cured-me
in less than thirty days. I waited fifteen
days or more to be sure the remedy had
fully cured me before writing you. I "can
now say I am cured and I shall recom-
mend the Pyramid Pile Cure at every pos-
sible opportunity because it deserves it."
We r:uote from this gentleman's letter
to- show our readers how promptly the
remedy a<?ts and also that there Is no re-
turn of the trouble.
"The Pyramid' Pile Cure Is simple and
harmless, containing purely vegetable in-
gredients, and can be used In all cases
with ¦ perfect safety and with the assur-
ance that a cure will follow. Physicians
prescribe it and use it in all cases of piles
in preference to the danger' and uncer-
tainty of a surgical operation.. It cures
without pain or Inconvenience of any kind
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is prepared by
the Pyramid Drug Co. of Marshall, Mich.,
and sold by druggists everywhere at 50c
per package, making it the safest, surest,
cheapest pile cure before the public and
one you can try with -almost certain suc-
cess. ' , ¦. ¦ ¦ .•¦:'•* ¦-;
PATTOSIEN'S
Tremendous in scope and wonderful in promises that will be kept to the letter, our great
SPRING CARPET SALE, beginning to-morrow, will undoubtedly prove one of our greatest sue-'
cesses — another triumph for indomitable energy, enterprise and honorable methods. .
The showing of all grades of Spring Style Carpeting is undeniably remarkable, and every,
price quoted is from 20 to 30 per cent lower than the highly taxed down-town stores ask. Prices
quoted include sewing and laying.
Bigelow Lowell Brussels— what the Roxbury is Roxbury Tapestries, for 40 years the standard of
among the tapestry carpets/ such is the Bigelow a il 10-wire Carpets and one comprising novelties
Lowell among the Body Bmssels-unapproach- in coloring and execution never before attained
f le " 5^ST Wled t ge l by thG T^, tO in other ades of tapestries; 45 different patterns;
be THE BEST — 50 different patterns and color- .,. U1 t . ,. . . J ,., K
u 'a^c +« r» 4 • suitable for parlors, dming-rooms, libraries, also
ings, borders to match. Down -town price , „ j j. ¦ 1 j . •
$I r O _ sa ie price ffij 4 *4t*V 1 and stairs *~ re g ular down-town price $1.10—
..". '''''''^imll^ SalepriCC -•••• $| AQ
.Whittals Body Brussels and fl£ -d -A f\ '" * u %&
all other cheaper grades .... *$> fi m g %J^ Stinson and Sanford Tapestry (Ojff^O
Wilton Velvet Carpets, t h e flj g g f\ Carpets 4^%^
$1.25 grade **& a a B %^ Smith Tapestry Carpets reduced '= ls *j9 $!»Lffb
Moquette bi.d Axmin- *d sf~b g*^ from 90c to . . ... .'•. ' g
ster Carpets £ B %^ American and English inlaid Linoleum — some
Linoleum, 45c— Oilcloth ....... <^^>#» stores ask $1.75, but our sale® g ...*3>.£SSi
g^£ \J& *^ price Jf a Atsa0
Japanese and Chinese Mattings A lot of about 50' made-up CARPET RUGS of all
, 10c, 15c, 20c, 25c, 35C kinds of carpet at half-price.
y H /^ ? H
TO-MORROW we place on sale another great purchase of Lace Curtains. In this lot will be
found the best ACTUAL VALUES we have ever offered.
IRISH POINTS BRUSSELS RENAISSANCE ARABIANS
DUCHESSE RUFFLED NOVELTIES, ETC.
THE PRICES:
Ses the Wonderful Values In This Sale- at -$1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50 a Pair. ,
,Your choice— fine selection White Irish Point Your choice— dainty Brussels Lace Curtains,
Lace Curtains, $5.00 *^F S^L 5° value£ » ne select ' on » at a P air
Your choice — fine selection White Irish Point Your choice^ — dainty Brussels Lace Curtains,
Lace Curtains — $7.50 values, at, a gSg . $10.00 Values, fine selections, at a $df^
pair V*ti • ••• *^O
« w £+4^U Your choice of fine selection in Real Renaissance, Duchesse and Arabians will be
AILl V^U found equal in value and at as great a bargain as others above mentioned.
H0" ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEANT TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Cure.
E|?*jj Second, the garments MUST be in the very newest styles j|fj!
Ml and, third, the workmanship must be thoroughly well done. jj&j!
iffiS Such excellencies cost us nothing extra and orotect our ma
j||wj customers from dissatisfaction. You're absolutely safe if you vZ*\j
RJgjS OTJR. FAMOUS $5.00 STLK WAISTS — We picture one *M
W& style above — the greatest seller in the silk waist department. Up &fl
ijjrfja to this time we haven't been able to get them fast enough to "jjM
*lsM warrant ourselves in advertising them. A PERFECT fit and K-J
||g| very stylish — the new tucked sleeves with turn-back cuff*— i&9
S£| high turn-over collar — front tucked and hemstitched — all |m
III shades and in several styles — taffeta and peau de q- /%« f^'-J
f$fti soie Each DO»UU j*?^1
GKASS lilNEJT "WAISTS — Very popular this season
front, back and sleeves tucked and hemstitched — turn-over |«j£l
|^5|. collar — fine to wear and wash — an excellent waist q« czf\
. CASSraEUE "vTAISTS — Front and back tucked— Bishop fM
s^gg sleeves — new cuff— a waist well worth $2.50 — black, cardinal, ,ra||
$jffl delft blue, green, military blue, old rose — a waist <?| pjcz Ufa
HH of unusual popularity. Each tt>l«CO Kkj
ffl SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. pi
S$f| Three special pricelets to enliven next week's selling — a B^]
mm . Our regular 12^c pillow cases, size 35x13 Inches.. Special lOc each
|ffi ' Our resiUar 65c sheets, size 72x90 Inches Special oOc each . EiCT
i V M Our regular $1.23 crochet bed aullts, size SlxOO inches JJA3DIVORCED AND MARRIED »
' : --0 : . AGAIN WITHIN A WEEK
Elisha Hankins of Redlands, Sixty
Years of Age, Weds^a- Comely
':,'.. X-' Widow, of Thirty.
REDLANDS, April 6.— Dlvonced and
married within a week is the experience
of Ellsha Hankins, j a well-known man of
this city. Last Saturday he was granted
a legal separation by 'Judge Oster at San
Bernardino on the ground. of desertion,
and., this afternoon at Tuma, the Gretna
Green for many Southern California lov
ers,' he was united in marriage to Mrs.
Mollie Sliver, also of Redlands. < ; ', ¦ .
Last. May Hankins made an unsuccess
ful • attempt to have his marital relations
with Mrs. Hankins severed. The ex-wife
is now in San Francisco; living with
wealthy relatives. . ¦ • .
Hankins, 'who is past GO years of age, ;
owns - some valuable property here. His
bride is a comely widow and just past 30.'
They . had . been planning their marriage
many months." Yesterday afternoon they
met at Colton-, where • they boarded the
Southern Pacific overland for Yuma.
QUARREL OVER SHEEP , •
: : ' - RANGE ENDS IN MURDER
Thomas Riley, a Former San Fran
ciscan, Killed by an Oregon
"y- Rancher.
THE DALLES, Or., April 6.— News
comes from Black Rock, Crook County,
that "Jack" ' Bruner, a sheepowner, : shot
and killed Thomas Riley, a. sheepherder,
yesterday. ; The trouble was ; over. a di
vision of the range. The Sheriff started
in pursuit of Bruner. Riley's body will
be sent to San Francisco, where his rela
tives llve. : . .'¦¦" •;'¦-.»
' ¦ - ' *
Iowa Boy Is Second.
ABILENE. ; Kans., April . 6.— The annual
coursing meet , closed to-night. The all
age stake,: $250 purse, was won by Pity
Me, owned by Dayton," Ragan & Grim of
Lincoln, Neb. ' Iowa Boy, owned by E. M.
Kellogg of i. Calif orniai'-- was '.second ; Lay
Gay, owned by; H. C. Lowe, Herrjngton.
was third." The puppy stake was^won.by
Lord Orford; Miss Lucille second, : Nano
kee third, all owned >by Dayton,' Ragan r &
Grim ; of < Lincoln. --* The next meet t of : the
coursing circuit will be held at Clay. Cen
ter, t Kans.; '; next .week. ;^H
King, Thompson Convicted.
SANTA ROSA.^Aprll 6.— The second trial
of T. King . Thompson, charged ' with : hav
ing broken into the safe, in the Pioneer
Laundr" and 'stolen $80,Uhe savings of an
other employe, Miss ; Josie Walker, came
to an end to-day, the jury finding the de
.Xauflant euilty- . -- •¦ • -
SAN FRANCISCO BOYS
•IN JAIL AT SEATTLE
Three Members of a Gang of Young
Thieves Placed Under Lock
and Key.
SEATTLE, April 6.— Three members of a
gang of . boys from San Francisco, who
have been making a precarious living
since their arrival from that city some
weeks ago, were arrested by Detective
Powers to-day in a disreputable lodging
house on Main street in this city. ! The
room in which they were arrested is said
to be a notorious resort for petty thieves
and it is claimed by. the police that, a
gang of about fifteen boys, all from San
Francisco, made this room their head
quarters.
| The three boys arrested gave their
names as Harry Goldstein, Eddie Miller
and John Sullivan. When they were ar
raigned in the Police Court they frankly
admitted that their actions had brought
them within the notice of the Police De
partment several times and that they
were only three of a regularly organized
gang. They did not admit any specific
crime, however.
Judge George questioned them' closely
about their homes and parents. Miller
and .Sullivan gave „ the desired informa
tion, but Goldstein remarked that he did
not know his father's name. While the
Judge was questioning one of the others
Goldstein remarked sotto voce to one of
his companions:
"I don't want no blood head in a Frisco
paper about a tough aid for the old man's
benefit."
The Judge threatened to send him to the
reform school if he did not answer and
the boy did so. His parents will be com
municated with. The three boys were
sentenced to twenty days in' jail and an
effort will be made by the Police Depart
ment to locate their relatives In San
Francisco.
New Township Formed.
SANTA ROSA, April 6.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day voted to divide Sonoma
Township, making a new district to be
known as Glen Ellen Township. Another
Justice of the Peace will be appointed
and the change also calls for a new con
stable. The action was, taken principally
on account of the Sunday picnics held at
Glen Ellen during the summer months.
The new officials have not yet been
named. .- : v '
child's neck was broken and her skull
crushed In.
Marshal Kennedy of Walkerville :was
in the crowd and at once arrested
Warne. He managed with great diffi
culty to get the man away from the
scene, as the crowd had already begun
to talk of lynching. On the way to the
County Jail in this city Warne said the
Sirl. had turned over a gasoline stove.
Since then he* has refused to talk.
To-night, when the story got to be
more widely known and there were more
men away from work, active steps were
taken to organize a lynching party. At
the County Jail it was stated that the
Sheriff, fearing something of the kind,
had taken his prisoner to the penlten
tentiary at Deer Lodge for safe keeping.
BUTTE, Mont., April 6.— Evelyn Blewitt.
aged 9 years, daughter of Mrs. Blewitt, a
widow of Walkerville, was murdered this
afternoon In the cabin of the watchman
at the Walkerville reservoir and the place
is then believed to have been set on flre
with the evident purpose of concealing the
evidence of the crime.' John Warne, the
watchman, who Is 71 years old, is under
arrest, charged with the murder, and In
the excited state of feeling in Walkerville
to-night there might be a lynching if the
prisoner could be got at. Warne 1 s cabin
Is somewhat isolated and on numerous oc
caslons he has been known to Induce the
children who came near to enter the
place. Yesterday he told the little Blew
itt child that If she would come around
to-day he would give her a nickel. This
much Is known and is admitted by the
prisoner.
At 2:30 this afternon the cabin of Warne
•was seen to be in flames, and the Walker
vllle fire department was called out. When
the apparatus arrived, accompanied by a
large crowd of citizens, Warne was stand-
Ing outside the cabin, apparently uncon
cerned. He had not even raised an alarm.
By the time the' fire department could get
water on the cabin it was practically in
ruins. It was not until ten minutes after
the arrival of the department that Warne
told the firemen there was a little girl ln
eide. Some of those present made a rush
for the door, and wuhm on a bed they
found the body of the girl. It was badly
burned, one foot failing off as the rescuers
picked the child from the bed. Upon get
ting the body outside it was seen that the
Depositors Reach Agreement.
SAN JOSE, April 6.— The non-suing de
positors of the Insolvent Union Savings
Bank to-day agreed to relinquish the
stockholders of the institution from all
further liability if they would pay an as
sessment of $50 per share. This indorses
the plan of settlement proposed by the
organized depositors and will tend^ to an
early closing of the affairs of the bank.
Special Dispatch ' to The Call.
, LOS ANGELES, April 6.^J. Wiley Wal
lace,, a farmer of Shorb.'was arrested this
afternoon on » complaint . of . his wife, who
charges him '.', with * having • threatened to
kill her. • - -¦• * w^=, ; -•¦ .
Mrs. - "Wallace is employed as a copyist
vrith. County Recorder .Wade. ; . She parted
from her husband some months ago and
has since then been living with her moth
er; in East Los Angeles. /Wallace went
to the office at noon to-day and called
hereto the door. He asked that she ac
company him . to- ljmcheon-. and threatened
to kill her if she should refuse. • To quiet
the man she went J . with him. After
luncheon he commanded her to go with
him: She refused to go and he then drew
a revolver and declared he would kill her
on the. spot. A. struggle ensued, in the
course of which, the .weapon was
wrenched by his wife from the; hands of
the desperate man.- ¦ • < ' . o -. v , • ¦¦
¦ "You can have me arrested, if you like,"
he- is alleged to have - declared, : "but I
will finish you when I am out."
Notwithstanding the threats, Mrs. "Wal
lace took the pistol to Sheriff Hammell's
office and the Sheriff escorted her to the
District Attorney, where she swore to i a'
complaint on * which i a warrant was is
sued by Justice James for. Wallace's ar
rest. . .
Mrs. Wallace has always ? borne . an ex
cellent reputation and her friends declare
that the estrangement is. not due to her
acts, but to the dissipation of her hus
band: Wallace was in considerable trou
ble a year or two ago. He was charged
with issuing bogus checks, and while the
case was pending it was supposed he had
gone East. Instead he had gone to San
Diego" County, where he waited J until the
storm swept by. He accumulated num
erous debts, which have caused him much
trouble. Until he became involved he was
regarded as a man of standing among,the
foremost ranchers of the county, i
Justice James fixed the -- bond of I Mr.
Wallace at ?1000.
A Rancher's Plucky -Wife
Wrests the Weapon
From Him; \
THREATENS WIFE
WITH REVOLVER
LITTLE GIRL MURDERED BY AN AGED WATCHMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 6.— For nearly
a week Mr. and Mrs. Edward Tilley
of this city have been living In dread
of assassination. Mr. Tilley, who is 60
years of age. Is one of Nevada City's
wealthiest men, having made his for
tune In the California mines in the early,
days. . The couple reside in a pretty cot
tage . at the corner of Winter and May
streets. Last Monday Mr.' 1 Tilley found/
on his doorstep a letter contained In an
unaddressed envelope. It warned him
that If he did not at once obey the com
mand of the writer and • his confeder
ates by depositing $500 in gold coin in a
designated spot they j would be ; mur
dered and their home destroyed. . The
letter, which was typewrlten, the 5 type
being of a large size, was as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Tilley, Capitalist,
Nevada City — Dear Sir: "We want from you
five hundred. If we don't get it both of you
will be murdered and. your property destroyed
by fire. Remember, if you tell this to . any
one at all you will not be spared under any
consideration. Put money in sack (all in gold)
and leave it at your front cate. There are
five in our sang and if you don't do just as
we say you know Just what will become of
you. We have traveled all over the United
States doing tMs business. One day one party
tried to fool us and he did not catch any of
us then, and instead has never been heard of
since. We will leave a small piece of ribbon
when we get the dough, so you will know that
we get it all rieht. This will be dropped in
your yard and the money must be delivered
the following day. We mean Just what we
say.
There is no signature to. the letter. Mr.
Tilley was at first disposed to treat the
affair as a joke, but a little investigation
soon convinced him that whoever had de
posited the letter evidently was in earnest
in the attempt to blackmail him. One of
the neighbors reported . having . seen a
stranger prowling around the Tilley home
on the evening before the letter was
found. - •
Having discovered that It was In reality
an attempt to scare him into giving up a
portion of his gold,* the old miner was at
a loss as to how to proceed. He was
afraid that If he reported the affair to the
authorities, the culprits might In a spirit
of revenge carry out their threat against
the lives and property of himself and
wife. For •several days he kept his coun
sel, but to-day he resolved to Invoke the
aid of the officials to. run down the black
mailers, and, if necessary, grant him pro
tection. An Investigation Is now being
conducted. Enough evidence has been pro
duced to prove conclusively that the
blackmailing letter was . not the produc
tion of a practical joker. It is doubted
that the culprits will carry out their
threat to harm Mr. Tilley or his wife, but
a lookout Is being kepi to prevent any
attack upon them. - '. •¦'
Nevada City Capitalist Re
ceives Warning From '} \
Blackmailers.
Culprits Threaten to Murder Edward
Tilley and His Wife Unless
$5OO in Gold Coin' Be "-'•:',
* Paid Them.
MONEY OR DEATH
HIS ALTERNATIVE
English Strike at an End.
LONDON, April; 6.- The Lanarkshire
strikes are apparently ended, .the 'engine
workers l having 1 - agreed •' . to 1 resume . work
April 8. ' The miners will' In' consequence
resume wort also. The strike brought
no gains to the; workmen.
Calif omiazis In N«w York.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The following
Callfornlans are In New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs/ Rickey, at Grand Union;
E. A. Phelps, ' at Holland ; ¦ XL\ Theurkamp,
at Herald Square;.H. R. Mann, atHerald
Square; S. S. Wells and wife, at Vendome.
THE SAN \ FRANCISCO CALL,~ SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
20
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT— X£L
. ¦ CHARLES FKOHMAN Presents
THE LITTLE M1N5STER
TO-MORROW and for
NKiHT.. 2 weeks
ICT" NOTE THE CHANGE OF TIME.
, Evenings at 8 — Matinees at 2.
_ NOTABLE ENGAGEMENT OF
AMERICA'S DISTINGUISHED EMOTIONAL
ACTRESS,
— In —
MORE JmW iai ;
rrtw « -a-r spectacle.
T^ W AM FOUNDED ON
In AIM n^ol EO^ nce0F
QUEEN. sDephine -.
A dramatization from the French of Emlle
.- . Bergerat. ¦:.' : ' ¦¦
The Original N^w York Production.
MAGNIFICENTLY RICH.
"HISTORICALLY CORRECT.
. GRAND' OPEJRA. HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY! ALL THIS WEEK.
Our Brilliantly Successful Easter Spectacle,
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEW EASTERN
- , STOCK COMPANY.
Miniature Stage and Vaudeville Kntertain.tient.
Morosco's Shetland Ponies and Their Baby
¦ . Offspring. " ' • '
The Fairy Coach— The Bell Ballet.
Magnificent Scenery, Costumes and Effects.
- 100 People 100. ,
Ponies on View in Lobby of Theater.
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c - Few , Seats at 75c.
and Sunday Matinees Good Orches-
tra Seat "25c.
Branch Ticket Of flee— Emporium.
HftHEAJRE^AP
MATINEE TO DAY; SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND NEXT WEEK.
TENNESiEE'S > om -
PARDNER^ :.¦¦£&•'
; BEST PLAY OF THE SEASON.' "
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE T ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
. THE CITT.
ROSCOB and SIMS,
- Musical Artists. •- , :^;,
JROUSELL AND HOWARD,
Aerial Horizontal • Bar Act...
(.CLINTON MONTGOMERY
' _^ , Aid his 'illustrated war songs.
AND -OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COM-
... PANT. .-..-. -. . v . • ¦
¦ MATTNEE EVERT SUNDAY. •"
AMATEUR NIGHT ¦ EVERY : FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. V. ,
LECTURE ON
BENEFIT OF' CmnREVS /HOSPJTAU
, : MRJ WM- MITCHELL BUNKER " will de-
liver, a '. lecture , on jSlberia, ; Illustrated with ;
graphic stefeppticoh views, at Sherman & Clay
Hail on', MONDAY T EVENING, p April . 8, - at : 8
o'clock." 2 Choice t musical programme."" Tickets,
|L - at - Sherman '& \ Clay's. ''
AMUSiaEENTa.
Week Commenclnff TO-DAT. SUNDAY MATI-
NEE. April 7th.
AN EASTER BILL!
NEW AND GREAT!
PREVOST and PREVOST
Creators of Fun In a Turkish Bath.
HAL STEPHENS go^hy
Presenting: " ' an ' • Out-of-the-Ordlnary Sketch.
"AT 1 A. M."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
And the Best of the Latest Pickaninny Harvest.
georgeTwood
The Somewhat Different Comedian.
Fuller, Moller and -Burke
. The Cleverest ' Trio In Vaudeville.
HAMILTON HILL
Ihe Australian With an American Reputation.
THE GIBL¥QUALITY
The Most Modest Artiste In America.
THE GREAT AMERI3AN BI06RAPH
TSCHERNOFFS
....DOGS....
The World's Greatest Animal Act.
Parquet, 25c," any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part- except reserved. A few
front Orchestra rows, reserved. EOc; front rows
ot balcony, reserved, 25c
BElASCOAmoTHAWSjfctftifr
H^ii i »^ VJtSIt CITY tt&U
MATINEE TO-DAT. Price* 10, 15. 25 cents.
TO-NIGHT (Sunday).
Special Encasement of America's Tragedian.
iiilolIiiG
Supported by the Central Stock Company.- last
Performance— the Stupendous Production of
...THE GLAtilAiOR...
100 PEOPLE ON THE - STAGE 100
PDir£C,fcvenings IOC, lCe, 35c. BOe
rfiiWEj Matinees 10c, 15c, 25e
To-morrow (Monday) Second Week of
ROBEP.T DOWNING. -
Superb Production of "INGOMAB."
Dlf CCTANFORAN
IUiWLJ_ PABK.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKET CLUB.
_'• .WEEK APRIL 8 to 13.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
Wednesday, hurdle race: Thursday, handicap. :
S-year-olds and over, , $500 added; Saturday—
biff day— steeplechase and colts* trial stakes.
$2500 added. . *
NEXT WEEK.... ..SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
, ¦• ; First Race r>ally at 2:10 P. M
Trains from Third and Townsend Sts —7 8-M
11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m. * '
Returning Leave Track 4:15 and therafter at
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for UdiM
and escorts. v .
ADMISSION (INCLTJDING R. R, FARE) »1 15
MILTON S. LATHAM. S«cretaxy * '
. E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary. ' """*' .
BASEBALL.
SACRAMENTO ys SAN FR4NCISC0.
TO-DAY> AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION^ PARK,
; Eighth^ and Harrison streets.
UNDER THE AUSPiCES OF ."'TflE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
lery - of the Mechanics* ; Pavilion,- opening on
WEDNESDAY EVENING. April , 10. and dos-
ing Saturday evening,' April 20. •-
Open afternoons and evenings. Season tickets,
fl 60. " Single admission,' 25c. Children, 10c.
IT 83 * 818^ JTsay 226 and 228 Powell Street. «—"#
1 1 INAUGURATION OF OUR BIG ADDITION! I
• ••• .."¦j...
•; •• How Proud We Are of It! We Offer To-Morrow " ± I'M
1 1 200 Rolls Extra ; Quality ¦ -flatting, $ I:
•: !: . "Zambia"-. Brand, 9c. ;; ;|
;; ;; t What a Difference! From 9c to TOc for Mattings! *: ::
'.'. •• We venture to_ say— for fint, silky, double-tensian of warp, 280 ends to the yard— there has never •• *•
• ; V been a floor covering:, at the prices offered (20c to 70c). anywhere, in any city, equal to what we will J! N
• • •• show in our new spacious warerooms. • •• ••
jj jj tX EXQUISITE FLOOR, COVERINGS J |
:; :'/. Nishiki Brand, Sapphire Brarfd, S: -|
I! '.'. Flower Brand, Ruby Brand, .' :: J
.. .. In Embroidered and Embossed Designs, rescmblin? fine tapestry work — at once' unique and " %
? J cIassical: -.wpeaMoK to fastidious tastes. Colorings ecru, -blue, olive, ciimson and shades of brown. ..it ••
• • • • WALK IN AND LOOK AROUND. "¦ ' \ I ] v
1 1" ....ART CARPET Snitrft — 'I I
I 4.M M I 1 1 M-M-M-H ¦HM-I»l"I-i-I»!-H-|..H..l 1 I l.;inH^. I . H .^H.-H..H..H.,l..i, I 2 ¦! I I 1 I I II I 1 M-M^ "V
» -*r* """'" ' " M ¦¦"¦¦ _ . _ - • • 1 - * • >
elers of California and Oregon, where rail-
way trains are under more than fourteen
feet of snow In the cuts. t „
AIIPSEliaaTTS.
"HOOTMON!"
"ind This Is Jo Fairj Tale."
TA MfflffT PEHFECT PRODomoa of
I I V s M E91 1 1 3 THE PEKE-WLNSEH OF ALL
AV 1UU111 OPERAS.
THE
BOOK BY HARRY B. SMITH.
MUSIC BY VICTOR •HERBSR'S
FERRIS HARTMAN as "ABEI. CONN '*
AJUF C WHEELAN as "HCXXT UON."
BRILLIANT CAST.
MAGNIFICI2JTLY MOUNTED.
First Time at This House of the Eminent
Barytone. ARTHUR CUNNTNOHAM.
Opera Under the Musical Direction oX FAUIj
BTEINDORJT 1 .
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE BATCRDAT
AT 2.
POPUULR PRICES... ...—So *™<1 60o
TELEPHONE BUSH I. .
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY..* '¦
Sunday ------» April Tu
OPEN STAKE
OF
112 NOMINATIONS— 112
SIO00 '0: SI000
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and TownsenJ streets K):15 a. bl,
11 a. m.. 13 m. and It. n.; Twenty-fifth an<t
Valencia, streets five minutes later. Returntux
at 4:15 p. m. and after the last course. Ban
Mateo electric car every s'x minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
—»- _,
CHUTES_and ZOO
Barnes' Dog and Pony Show.
inclttdhtg- bohceo, the tai^-
inq horse; ax and majhis
ANDERSON, BOSULL AND
CLOTTGH, SWOB AND HATHA-
WAY, JACK SYMONDS, NEW
MOVING PICTTIBES.
LEAH .MAY^tte Giantess,
Telephone tor Seats — Park 2t
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
nmrssion UK.
Laura Lopez, Murphy and Hart. Kelcey Sis-
ters. Mab^I JIartln. Tom Mack. Melville Coak-
ley and HInrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seata.
25c. Matinee Sunday.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Year.
J ...Always the pheapest...
915 MARKET STREET.
HERE IT IS AGAIN!
I P. BEAMISH, Hats and Furnishing Goods,
id ....AND....
I BRILLIANT'S - - Clothing Stocks.
H OOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO O
B OOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO O
I §11 YOU CAN BUY A GOOD III
Fl 000 ¦ *** tsv 000
M 000 HAT hora fnr _>.-._ ¦m'^kff^ oo °
r 000 rini fi6re ior — — ~ \j^J\j oo °
Yt, OOO 900 OOO
I 000 DRESS SHIRT here for cSrlC §SS
m 000 x^%^^^ ooo
I III SUIT OF CLOTHES <&O fcr ill
I Iff here for JpZ.DD fff
I Iff BOYS' ALL-WOOL (PA icS
§ HI VE^TEE SUIT - - - 4>1.1O |||)
h| OOO OOO
I 2§§ A lot of GOLF CAPS, all Af\~ SSS
I gog s f z?s and colors - ; r - - ivl °°g
n 000 000
0 ooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooo
P OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO O OOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
I We mean business, and these stocks
I are going fast. If you wish a selection
I you will have to come early in the week.
1 REMEMBER THE PLACE!
I 915 MARKET STREET.
O-I-H»H"I"H"I I'-r-I -I -I l-M-M-i"; m-rT-mr. *
1 Tallor-Made Suits,
I Separate Dress Skirts,
.. : ¦ \-. I.I In h B|i \W H it ra a 8-^
• : UULi/Lli 11/1 11/
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
f 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET
I:- ' Will Put on Sale MONDAY, April 8th:
r- 50 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, Eton, Blouse and Box Styles,
£ elaborately trimmed and tailored suit, real value $25.00. ON SALE $15
II 75 TAILOR SUITS, Hijrh Novelties, Blouse, Empire. Eton and
t " Bolero, Panne Velvet and Taffeta trimmings, elegantly lined. Real
J value $30.00. ON SALE $20.00
•• 25 HAUTE NOUVANTE SAMPLE NOVELTY SUITS. Mutt
£ be seen to be appreciated. Regular $75,00, $60.00, $so.oa RE-
•• DUCED to $50.00. $45.00. $35.00
I! «S"SILK AND CHIFFON DRESS SKIRTS, from $10.00 to
•• $50.00. Most dainty and elegant goods ever shown.
T SILK AND GRENADINE ETON AND BOLERO JACKETS
:: ...9S.50 to $20.00
S: First-Class Goods at the Lowest Possible
:: ** Prices**
£ EXTRA SPECIAL.
X 40 SILK ETON JACKETS at $7.50. Regular price $10.00.
jH^«H-i-»-I"I"I I I I I'M' I I I 1 ¦I"I"I"I- M I I I-l"I--r-I ¦I-I--I--I--I-I-I-I-I"!--!- 1 I I I I' l-l
ADVEKTISE3IENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Edge of Your Skirt I
j j • is always insight whether you are walking, stand ing 1 , sit B
I ; ting, stepping^ into a arriage or on a street car— whatever M
I ; you are doing, every one can see the edge of your skirt m
M The ed.?e of your skirt is consp^uous just as your hat • ft
H ; and gloves are conspicuous. iff
1 : It is equally, necessary that it should have that same 1
n refinement and elegance of appearance. - h
i If- the binding on. the edge of the skirt is S. H. * M. 1
I The finish that S. H. & M. Binding 1
H gives is not oniy-^.T:*,^ B
1 : elegant— it is aiso permanent ; 1
19 'To be sure of always getting S. H. a M. look for the 1
H 4 trade mark" on ' the back of every yard or on the label of 1
B every piece you buy. * I
H AT Al_Uj DRY OOODS STORES. f
fi ¦ , ¦ REOtSTtRED TRADE MARK; ¦ MMariposa Departs for the Paradise of the Pacific-British
Bark Angola Wrecked on a Coral Reef and Only Two
of Her Crew Saved- Another Vessel for the Coast
xsuiJ^— in me aoove exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
? y A. 2 * lrd tlme column elves the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE. ,
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
F"rfday. Ai>rll E.
Bark C D Bryant. OoUy. U days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn 8 N Castle, Kilson, 20 day* from Hllo.
Saturday. April «.
Btmr National City, Dettmer». u hours from
Fort Braes'.
8tmr Sequoia, Winklt, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson. 22 hours from
Eureka: bound .south; put In to land' r>as
eengers.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, S3 hours from
Crescent City.
Ftrcr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Prosreso, Monroe. 101 hour* from Ta
coma.
Br sfcl» Port Crawford, Ens, 71 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Brig Consuelo, Page, 17 days from Mahu
kona.
Pcfcr Jennie Waad. Waldwlck. 21 days from
Hilo.
Schr Conflanza. Christiansen. 5 days from
OvnuiH* Rlwr.
Francisco will In the future be her home
port. She was purchased from A. Gibson
& Co. of Liverpool and will load coal at
Cardiff for Honolulu. From the islands
she will go to Nanaimo, B. C, md load
coal for San Francisco. The Kinross was
built by W. H. Potter & Sons of Liver
pool and Is 1399 tons net burden, 242 feet 5
inches long, 87 feet beam and 22 feet deep.
On her arrival here she will be put in the
San Francisco- Australia-Hawaii trade.
Water Front Notes.
Captain John Ross went out to the spot
where he Bays the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro Is located on the tug Sea King
yesterday. The buoy marking the spot
was gone and grappling failed to find the
supposed hull again. Another attempt will
be made to-day.
Captain X. Nelson has taken command
of the schooner S. Danlelson, Captain O.
Nelson of the Glen and Captain Anderson
of the Wing and Wing.
Pilot George Spencer was arrested yes
terday by United States Marshal Shine
on a complaint charging him. with having
violated the regulations by neglecting to
hang his framed license on the steamer
City of Dawson, on which he was em
ployed as pilot betwen San Francisco and
river ports.
Another Vessel for the Coast.
The British bark Kinross has been pur
chased by Alexander & Baldwin and San
Thirteen vessels for coast ports, Alaska,
the Arctic, Hawaii and the % Philippines
cleared at the Custom-house and nearly
all of them sailed. Among them were the
whaling bark Balaena, transport Aztec,
schooner Kodiak, Falls of Clyde and Mar
tha Davis for Hilo and Planter and He
lene for Honolulu. All four vessels of the
sugar fleet got away about the same time
and should have an interesting race to the
Islands. The Falls of Clyde Is backed to
beat the Martha Davis and the Helene to
beat the Planter.
Big Fleet of Vessels Clear.
captain had sighted the Pyrenees, which
•was run ashore on Manga Reva last year.
A cable to the Merchants' Exchange puts
another complexion on the case. The dis
patch states that the British bark Angola
left Manila for Australia on October 1
last and was totally wrecked on an un
known reef.
Two of the crew were saved and landed
at Singapore. Vairaatea Reef was a long
way out of the Anrola's course, but ship
I captains say it would not take her long to
blow down there in one of the hurricanes
bo common to those waters.
• The Angola was a wooden bark, owned
by W. H. Mosher of Nova Scotia, ' She
was built in 1S98 and was 1551 tons net
burden, 219 feet 2 inches long, 41 feet beam
and 23 feet S inches deep.-.
Marchand arrived here from Australia
and Captain Arneau reported seeing a big
bark on Vairaatea Reef (near Tahiti), on
January 6 1st. As no vessel answering
the description was missing, nor was any
Mich known to be In those waters, the un
derwriters came to the conclusion that the
March 21 the French bark Commandant
Seafaring men thinfl another mystery
of the eea has been, cleared up.. On
"WRECKED ON CORAL H-Tray.
British. Bark Angola Lost and Only
Two of Crew Saved. ':¦;'-¦
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia arrived from and the
Mariposa sailed for Honolulu yes
terday. In consequence the com
pany's wharf was crowded with
people welcoming friends home or bidding
them farewelL Those who went away on
the Mariposa were:
?Oa^M° wif* M- GUdetBMsUtor. Ml» M.
rMii«t a Hnllctt J. C. B. Hetbard, \v. J.
B^SK Dr. £ F^ Ke £ r ed L a H 1
»S» W JLowrle. H. S. Manning. John A.
McCa.be.* J T. McGrew. Mrs. J. S. McGrew.
Sue wife and two children: Mrs. C. D.
Soai'ldiE*. r_ S. Switzer, Jack Sullivan. Miss
MTwomey. Tbomu Trainer. Mrs. J. E.
Tucker. Theodore Van Aken. Mrs. A- N.
¦U'iSis A H. Wagner. Fred Williams. Theo
dora Worea. H. E. Wright. Thomaa 8. Young
and wife.
The Zealandia brought home over
seventy cabin passengers from the
Islard8. About fifty of them are return
ing Mystic Shriners. All of them speak
in glowing terms of the hospitality show
ered upon them in the Paradise of the Pa
cific. Those who came up on, the* Zeo
lanfila were:
W. D. Alexander Jr., Mm J. B. Arassit,
James Arlor Dr. F. W. BUJte. Dr. J. W.
Brows, W w. Branch and wife, J. D. Black,
B. T. Beard. Miss C. Beard, O. M. Clark. Miss
Clark, B. L. Dewey, E. Gilbert, B. D. Hax
over. T. C. Evans and wile, L. C. Hill a.nd
wife. Colonel Herkner. W. Q. Jacobs, G. F.
Kufcies, J. Lowell and wife. A. Bass, wife and
two children. Carl Lott, Mrs. P. S. Lott. J.
B Lambie and wife, W. J. Montelth. Mrs. C.
V. Purcell, A. W. MlUer, N. M. MlUer, O.
H. Perry. Ml»s C. Perry, S. C. Parry. C. Phil
brick. C. L.. Sherwood, T. J. Phelps and wife.
J. id.. Btoever aad wife. A. H. ThomDson and
wtfe. B. D. Vaucrhn mil wife. F. WaJsen and
wlfe\, "W. A. 'Whitman and wife. Mrs. Wlchman
and child, W. A Schrieber and wife. G. W.
Bchofleld. A. G. Van Court, Miss M. A. Wyle,
J. A. Wolcott, J. W. Wilson und wife. Miss C.
Kchles, A. J. M. Carty and wife.
The Zealandia will be fitted out for an
other trip to the islands with Porto
Ulcans. As soon as her cargo is dis
charged 6he will be got ready and will
sail for Port Los Angeles on the 10th inst.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times - and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. • entrance to' San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .- .
NOTE— The ; high and low waters occur at
the city front ¦ (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at- Fort' Point;
the height of, tide 1s the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
AXTWERP- Sailed April 6— Stmr Kenslnr
ton, for New York. -
LIVERPOOL-Salied April 6-Stmr Campa
nia, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed April 6— Stmr Barbarossa.
for New York. • '.* ¦
KEW YORK— Sailed April •— Stmr Bulgaria,
for Hambunt: stmr Lucanla, for Liverpool:
Btmr Mlnnehaha, for London; Btmr Trave. for
Naples, etc; stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam;
Btmr Ethiopia, for Glasrow.
PHIMONESEKI— Sailed April 5— Stmr Indra
pura. from Calcutta, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed April 6— Stmr Mesaba, for
New York. • .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 6-etmr America
Maru, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong; stmr Olympla, from Tacoma. for
Hongkong. . ¦
. HONGKONG — Arrived prior to April •— Stmr
StrathEyle, from San Diego.
HAVRE— Arrived April 6— Stmr Hathor. from
San Francisco, via Valparaiso, etc, for Ham
burs. *
Sailed April 6— Stmr La. Touralne. for New
Yorfc.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 6— Stror Batavia,
from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
' HONGKONG— Arrived prior 'to April ft— Br
Btmr Strathgyle. from San Diego.
HAVRE — Arrived April 3— Ger stmr,Hathor,
hence Dec 21, for Hambunr. "
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 6— Br »hl» Caj>
nedd Llewellyn, from. Tacoma.
HULL— Sailed April 6— Br ship Principality,
for San Francisco. •
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 5— Br ship Forto
vlot, from Tacoma. ¦¦¦• •¦_*:¦; ¦-•.-.. •
In port March 15— Br «Mn Rajore. for Ant
werp and San Francisco. . _ ¦
. PORT PIRIE>— Arrived April 4— Schr Fores
ter, from Port Gamble. - . -•_
HAMBURG— Sailed April 2— Br bark Ivernia,
for Santa Rosalia. April 8—Br ship Redrock,
f °CAIXAO^A r rrived Feb ie-Ital bark C*vour.
from Port Blakeley. -.
Sailed March J6— Ger stmr Tanis. for San
F PANAMA-To call April 7-Stmr Peru, for
Sailed April 4— Ger ship Schear
xenbek. for Santa Rosalia. "
BARRY— Sailed Al>ril 4— Fr bark Duo d Au
male. for Cardiff and San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed April 6-Bark
Gen FalrcMld. for Honolulu. .
MEX,BOURNE-Salled April » «-SWp J B
Brown, from NewcasUe, to load for Honolulu.
IQUIQUK— Arrived April 6— Sehr Scheme,
f LOTOECZO MARQOTZ-Salled April S-Bhip
John Ena, for Newcastle. Aus.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 27— Bark Cey
lon, from Laysan'i Island.
Sailed March 27— Bark Mauna Ala, • for San
Francisco. . .
To sail March 28-^-Stmr Pennsylvania, for
Manila. '¦ -"'
FOREIGN PORTS. - -
.ASTORIA— Arrived April «— Br stmr Adato,
from Hongkong . ¦¦'*'.. -~
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Arrll 6— Btmr Acm«,
hence April 3.
COOS BAT— Arrived April 6— Schr Monterey,
hence April S; schr Melancthon, hence March
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 6-Stmr Cotta*«
City, from Skaguay.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 5— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 6— Br bark
Ivanhoe, for Port Blakeley; ship Star of Ben
gal, for Chemainus; bktn Jane L Stanford, for
Adelaide.
Arrived. April 6 — Schr Fearless, from Guay
mu
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April *-Schr Hc
nolpu. for Launceston; schr Maggie Rues, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed April «— Schr Al
calde, for San Pedro.
Arrived April 6— Br bark Ivanhoe, from Port
Blakeley. for Melbourne.
EUREKA— Sailed April 6— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. • . : • .'-¦-•
POINT LOBOS. April 6, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind KW, velocity SO miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
A Singapore cablegram reports- Br bark An
gola, from Manila, for Newcastle: Aus, lost on
a reef on high seas. Two men saved and
landed at Singapore.
MISCELLANEOUS.
April t lat 51 N. Ion 2 W— Fr bark La
Bruyere. from Shields, for, San Francisco.
Per Br ship Port Crawford— Feb 6. lat 83
S, Ion 170 W— Br bark Brenn. from Newcastle,
Ans, for San Francisco..
Stmr Maripoea, Rennie, Honolulu. >; ''¦ .
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, i Mendoclno.
.Stmr Brunswick, Anderson. San Diego.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemainus. ».
Ship McLaurin, Courtney, Bristol Bay.
Bark R P Rithet. McPhail. Honolulu.
Hark Martha Davis. McAlmon. Hllo.'
Bktn Planter, 'Chase. Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen. Coqullle
River.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen, Eureka.
Bchr James Bennett. Colstrup, Seattle.
Schr Helene, Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr. Kodiak, Scheel. Unga and. Unalaska.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bihlers Point.
Schr Glendale, Falk, Tacoma.
SPOKEN.
¦ ¦ , SAILED.
." ¦ •- Saturday, April 6.
Stmr Umat.Hla. Cousins, Victoria - and way
ports. .
Stmr Eureka, Jeasen, Eureka.
. Btmr Empire, Macg-enn, Coos Bay.
Btmr Fulton, Levlnson.'—— .
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ¦ -' .
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Thompson, . Bristol
Bay; Alaska Packers' Association. -
Bark Martha Davis, McAJmon, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Bktn Planter. Chase. Honolulu; Williams.
Dimond & Co. •
Schr Winchester, Anderson, Unga; Alaska
Codfish Co.
Schr Helen*. Christiansen, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. . : ,*
Schr Kodiak. Scheel. T7nga and Unalaska;
Alaska Codfish Co.
CLEARED.
Saturday, April 6.
Stmr Aztec. Traak. Honolulu and Manila; U
S Government.
Stmr G W Elder, . Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr MarlDosa, Rennie, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. .
Whaling 6tmr'Balena, l«avltt, whaling; Pa
clflc Steam Whaling Co.
Br etmr Blrstol, Mclntyre, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir'a Sons Co.
mfliiT Ott!1U * F^ orf . Bosch. 24 days from Ka-
Schi- Robert R Hind, Helllngsen, 6% days
from Tacoma.
Schr Western Home, Christensen, 6 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Hunting, from sea,
on account of losing rudder April L 100 miles
SW of the Farallones In strong KW gale.
BRITISH SHIP PORT CRAWFORD. WHICH ARRIVED FROM HJSWCAS
TLE ' .?• S " W " "YESTERDAY "WITH 2440 TONS OF COAL ' DURING
BAD WEATHER HER MIZZEN TOPGALLANT MAST WAS STRUCK
THE SAN rEANCISCp"CAL,Ii,' SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
21
ZEALANDIA BRINGS HOME MYSTIC
SHRINERS FROM HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
APRIL, 7.
3un risea
3un "sets !!'.""
tfoon rises 10:09 "i
..5:48
..6:38
i. m.
O Time Time Time ' Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft
a H.W| L W H W L W
7... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 ' 7:06
8... 1:16 5.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50
9 ... 1:50 5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8-41
10 ... 2:36 6.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4M 9-64
tl ... 3:36 4.8 10:52 0.5 6:1S 4.6 U : l7
12 ... 4:G0 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8
L, \V H IV . L W h'*W
L3 ... 0:30 2.6 6:10 4.7 12:48 0.6 7-49
Ft.
2.8
3.2
S.2
3.1
5.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata Coos Bay ...; .... Ar>r 7
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr' 7
State of Cal .-.-.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr" 7
Titanla .••• Nanaimo Apr 7
Queen San Diego Apr* 7
Bonita — Newport Apr! 7
Newburg.' Grays Harbor Apr 8
Coronado Grays Harbor ;.v. Apr" 8
Matteawan.'.... Tacoma-... ....[Apr 8
Ventura....:... Sydney &• Way Ports. Apr" 8
Alliance.....'..-- Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr 8
ArgoJ '•-•. woquille River Apr. S
China China and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Port3. Apr" 9
St Paul New York via Pans a Apr. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
Corona Newport ..-.•.. .*> Anr 10
Santa Barbara. Humboldt ....;.V..:.'. " Apr' 10
Nome City San Pedro :..'..;..v Apr' 11
Pomona Humboldt .......;. Apr 11
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor...:. Aor 11
Santa Rosa 5an Diego.... Apr 11
Point Arena.... point Arena Apr 11
Walla Walla... Pu&et Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw — Taccma Apr 1"
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr' 12
Robt. Dollar.... Seattle Apr 13
Mandalay Coquille River ......:... Apr! 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City .......... Apr. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
April 7.
Curacao Mexican PortB ....
Santa Rosa., gan Diego
_ , . April 8.
f* 1 "^ "••" Seattle & N. What
San Pedro.... Humboldt
£ on l? na -y" Humboldt
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
April O.
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way
North Fork.. Humboldt
I.akme Seattle & Tacoma.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way...
Argo .•... Coqullle River ....
Arcata Coos Bay .'
Hongkong M China and Japan;.
Bonlta Newport
Alliance ptld and Coos Bay.
April 10.
Coronado Grays Harbor
Santa Barb... Ban Pedro
Queen San Diego
April 11.
Newburr..... Grays Harbor .:...
Eureka Humboldt
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports
April 12.
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .-...
Corona Newport .":..
April 13.
Columbia...: Astoria & Portland
Point Arena... Point Arena
110 am
9 am
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
11 am
I I
12 m|
9 am
5 pm
12 m
4 pm
12 m
1 pm
9 am
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
S.W. 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier IS
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier —
6 pm
2 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
— ¦ pm
9 am
II am
i
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
6 pm
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 11
11 am
2 pm
Pier 24
Pier 2
APRIL, 7.
3un risea
3un "sets !!'.""
tfoon rises 10:09 "i
..5:48
..6:38
i. m.
O Time Time Time ' Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft
a H.W| L W H W L W
7... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 ' 7:06
8... 1:16 5.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50
9 ... 1:50 5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8-41
10 ... 2:36 6.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4M 9-64
tl ... 3:36 4.8 10:52 0.5 6:1S 4.6 U : l7
12 ... 4:G0 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8
L, \V H IV . L W h'*W
L3 ... 0:30 2.6 6:10 4.7 12:48 0.6 7-49
Ft.
2.8
3.2
S.2
3.1
5.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata Coos Bay ...; .... Ar>r 7
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr' 7
State of Cal .-.-.. Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr" 7
Titanla .••• Nanaimo Apr 7
Queen San Diego Apr* 7
Bonita — Newport Apr! 7
Newburg.' Grays Harbor Apr 8
Coronado Grays Harbor ;.v. Apr" 8
Matteawan.'.... Tacoma-... ....[Apr 8
Ventura....:... Sydney &• Way Ports. Apr" 8
Alliance.....'..-- Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr 8
ArgoJ '•-•. woquille River Apr. S
China China and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Port3. Apr" 9
St Paul New York via Pans a Apr. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
Corona Newport ..-.•.. .*> Anr 10
Santa Barbara. Humboldt ....;.V..:.'. " Apr' 10
Nome City San Pedro :..'..;..v Apr' 11
Pomona Humboldt .......;. Apr 11
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor...:. Aor 11
Santa Rosa 5an Diego.... Apr 11
Point Arena.... point Arena Apr 11
Walla Walla... Pu&et Sd & Way Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw — Taccma Apr 1"
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr' 12
Robt. Dollar.... Seattle Apr 13
Mandalay Coquille River ......:... Apr! 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City .......... Apr. 13
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
April 7.
Curacao Mexican PortB ....
Santa Rosa., gan Diego
_ , . April 8.
f* 1 "^ "••" Seattle & N. What
San Pedro.... Humboldt
£ on l? na -y" Humboldt
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
April O.
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way
North Fork.. Humboldt
I.akme Seattle & Tacoma.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way...
Argo .•... Coqullle River ....
Arcata Coos Bay .'
Hongkong M China and Japan;.
Bonlta Newport
Alliance ptld and Coos Bay.
April 10.
Coronado Grays Harbor
Santa Barb... Ban Pedro
Queen San Diego
April 11.
Newburr..... Grays Harbor .:...
Eureka Humboldt
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports
April 12.
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .-...
Corona Newport .":..
April 13.
Columbia...: Astoria & Portland
Point Arena... Point Arena
110 am
9 am
5 pm
10 am
2 pm
11 am
I I
12 m|
9 am
5 pm
12 m
4 pm
12 m
1 pm
9 am
5 pm
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
S.W. 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier IS
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier —
6 pm
2 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
— ¦ pm
9 am
II am
i
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
6 pm
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 11
11 am
2 pm
Pier 24
Pier 2
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
f*1§B$&k BOTTLE IRjnfcdi
I MCBURNEY'S -j
l^L Sr^SJ? K'Jrln^vtn^ Bladder;
f^T vW " >blt *" e y curs
lS^ . tfV' A thorough; cuire for
w^l , 1 t'.'.jMi&s in tho baclc, :]¦:.;,
VO ¦ ' yL BRIGHT'S DISEASE. •
_^Jv""** ' / female troubles, incon-
tiueuca Of urine, bride dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall atoncu,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. , ¦ .
;-,. .'__FOR SALE AT— . .-
No Percentage Drug Co., 949-951 Market
St.; Dahlbender Drug Co.. 214 Kearny st.
.' Send 25c in 2c etamps to \V. F. McBurney.
418 S. Spring st, Los Angeles. Cal.. tor 3.
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists. J
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
HUSEOa OF A1AT0HY
Cfo ' 1051 HA2SET CT. hot. C:i47A, S.F.Cil.
qr ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
¦JL. World. Weaknesses or any contracted
VUjMh disease poilti'^lycorad by the oldest
JTg» QB Specialist on the Coast. Hsl 36 years. 1
rJfcftf & OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f t&9rSB Consultation free and strictly private.
I jjf/gn Tr»a:me!U personally or by letter. A
jg dr nH Positive <\ire in every case nndertakrn.
P If 11 W Write for Book; pniLOHOPBY or
I jj 111 DAnnlAGE, MAILED FREE. (A
n ll valuable book for nirn) .
DB, JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St..S. F.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
Trains lfini> ami arc tlim In nrrlf 0 •»*
MAN FK.i*CI.«*«'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
' LBATJS — T&OM U AKCi! 31. 1901. — ' ARJtIV «
?>30a Benida, Sulsun, Elmlx3. VacaTiHe, •
Ramsey aud S*criiueuto 7:5.1 r
7iSOa DkTla, Woodland. Knighta L&ndlnz.
. AlarjsTilla. Oro»ille.. ¦ 7:3? p
7:30* Atlaatiu Kxpreaa— Ozden and East 13:£3»
8:00 A Martinez, San lUmou, Vallejo, }!*?:%
Cslistiiga and SauU Kosa U:33p
•:00a Lliermorc, Stockton, HAnford. Vi;a-
lia. f orteniUe 4:21*
S:OOa Kilts. Lathrop, Merced, Fresno, D.»-
ktrsfield 4i33p
S:30a Sh «u Exprpss— Da»is. Willlasos (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Rod
Bluff. PorUaud. 7:33f
SlSOA San Joso. LiTermore, Stuektoii,
Inue. Sacrainruto. PlaetrtTille,
MarjSTill.-, Uhico. Ue.l ICtulT 4>S3p
HiSi»* Oakdale. Chinese, Sonora. Carters... 4:2Sp
ll:O(>* HajwarUs, Nilca aud Way .Station*. 1 1 :33a
IliUtti Los Angeles Exy>res.i — Uartinex,
Tracy, Lathrop, titoektoD, Meroeu
yraauo and Lo» Angeles 7:334
•iSOa Tallrjo. Martinez anil Way Stations 3:33p
1O:VOa The Orerlaud Limited— Ogdeu. lJea-
- Ter, Omaha. Chicago B:"»3p
f I iOOp Sacramento Ki* er Htenninm f."4:«iiA
8:80? Haywards, Nil.* %D<1 Way HUtlons. 7:S3p
3:3" r Port Cojta. Martinez, Bjroa, Stock-
, ton,Lodi |0i33a
4>O0r Benida. • Winters. baeramento.
- . Wooilland. Ku<i(bts Landing.
Marrsfiile. Oroville 10:33*
4iO«r Mrjrtiiiex, Han lUiuon. TalAJo,
Hapa. Callatoita. Santa Itosa Vi33a
¦i:OOp Klles, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi,
Merced. Froano .. 7i33p
4i3Or H*rwarda, Ml W.Dan .lose, LiTfrE=oro {SiSSa
V:OOr The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Wresno, Bakersdeld. .SaiiRmi (or
Bants, Barbara, Los Angeles ...... S:33a
»«OOp Hay wiido, JSiles aud S»« Jose 7iSSa
J«jO»p Vall«Jo ." ; 11:334
•sOOr Oriental Man— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago '. 13:33y
• jOOp Oriental Mail— Ojien, Deafer,
Omahs. Chtcwto. 4i2Sp
7r00p Oregon and Caiiforola Kxpreaa,Hao>
' ' • ntmenta. Mnrj»»illn, Ueitriltig. ™^p]
. l'ortlunil. Pnget Hound ami Kaat St3>4
8iO3pSan P*blo, Port Costa, Martiaes
and Way Stations.. H:5»a
t<t:05p VallBJo 7iHSr
COAST LINE (Sarroir ilas K e).
- - (Foot «if Market Street.)
• ItiiaAKeirark.CenteMille.Saii.lose.Kplton,
BoalderCreek.Sai>taOruzandV7ay ¦
bUUons •»«•»
fSilSr Newark. CenterTllIo. Sail Joss. New
Almaden, 7ott*>n, Itonlder Creak.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
8 tattoos.:........: flwiflw*
4:I3r Newark, Man Jose. Los Gatos 8:304
a9:S0p Hunters' Ezaanrlon, San Jose aad
• Way8taUons t"» a> »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnisStl MUCISCQ— rut «r UyUl SlrnWSli? 3)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. «. 1:03 Z:23 5;IJ'.".
rrsaOllUlB— Tf\ *t Sxttimj.— 1«:00 fi-00 t3:0l
10:00 ».t«. H:C3 8:C0» t:C3r.M. __^
COAST IilNE <Urosil «a« R e).
(Third and Towniemi Sta.)
t«tlOA Ocean View. Kontn Man KrancUco.. t H<3tt »
7:O«a Man Joteaml Way 8UUi.ua !:»»»
/7««»«a Now Ali.i».l-i. / Is3©»
¦>OOa Coast Line Limited, IM= Jot, GOror.
S«U.i«», P»so Kobles, .S«n Luis
OWipo, Lompoe, a*nu Baibtn.
Los Angeles 10:13»
*>S*AfUu J«a«. Tres IMno«. HnhU < rux.
I'R<Hiie tirnxi ami Pricci»»i inter-
mediate Statfmis ?>8»»
I I>3Oa Sau Jose and Way Stations SiXOr
t8:43rSan Mateo, Kedwnori. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, nauta Clara. Him .1<im. .
. Tres Pinos, Manta Crux. Salinas.
Uonuni awl I'adflo Grofo |If»il3k.
fS>a*r Man .Io«o and Way Statlmis «:3i>a
t4;l3r?au Jose and Principal Way Stations 1»:43a .
Sunset Limited— El Pmo, Kew Or-
leans acd La«t e ln:I<«*
f3:0wrSan Joac, Los Gatos aad Principal
Way Stations 1»tO3»
5::tOp 8an Joae an<l Prinoinal Wu Station* M:3«a
«::n»pSai,.j o »'!aii.l \V»y 4katl<M>a fSiUOa
7:00p New Orleans Erprca, San Jose,
Statt l!arb*r ». Lts Aficeles. D m- ».-„ ..
' ine. El Pawv New Orlean* ami E*«: T.OOA
7iO*p Del Monte, Monterey. Facifla Grow. ,- ,_
«U»43p San J.hmthii.I Way Stations 7:3OI»
A for Moniius 1* for Afternoon.
t IiiikU* »t c«i>ttxL * i flmi.1 *f on'y.
9 Wedaesdayi. /Ta«sd*y*anrl TiiiV.
* R 'n.l >yo a .H*;nrrt*7 < >n I r
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
' Va Sia«I:to Ferry-Foot of Market St.
U.uanu. M.sMmii.'
9:15 a. it.") vi-f-b-tt n \v< ( *'- ! '' p - v -
. 1:4-^ F. M. > -^ n:^> r. m.
4:<iO p. v. ) Stay over night at tiie tavep.x 11O:3.> a. m.
Mi*.} f 1:00 p.m.
10:00a. M. ( l , r v r) (v'; } VMr-X.
11: » a. m. f- SUNDAY b j ;ii p „ ,
1:15 v. M. J I 5:36 1. it.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Retam. Sl.tO. .
.Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Saasalito Ferry.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Did You Ever Try This One P
Everybody you meet on tho streets now-
adays either haa just nad the grip, is com-
ing down with it or has s sure cure for it.
The disease has "been a puzzle to physi-
cians ever since Its appearauce several
years ago and it Is as much of a puzzle
to-day as it was then. It exhibits such a
variety of symptoms in different individ-
uals . and leaves such disastrous results
after apparent recovery that aa yet its
prevention and euro has baffled medical
science.
However, there is no doubt but that the
grip is catarrhal in character and the
leading symptom in nearly every case Is
Increased secretion in the head and throat;
in fact, the first indications of la gripps
are those of a cold in the head which ex-
tends to the throat and lungs.
Dr. Johnson Ames advises as the safest
course to pursue on the first appearance
of grip symptoms to keep to the house for
a day or two and take Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets every hour th> first day and every
two hours the following day and' states
that this will break up the trouble befors
it becomes deep seated.- • . . • -
These catarrh tablet? are antiseDtic and
harmless and prevent fever and the fur-
ther development of grip germs and ward
off the ever present danger of pneumonia.
Dr. Gerald Simpson says: "I have
found Stuart's Catarrh Tablets a pleasant
and thoroughly .reliable remedy for tho
criD especially with elderly people with
whom this prevailing disease Is always
«angerous; the tablets can be found at
anv drug store and if 'used freely durinar
the first few days of the attack will break
La ' grippe is a catarrhal affection, the
~erms are In the air ana no one Is proof
apainst It, but the timely use of Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets will prevent any serious
results. •' ¦ ' •••-"''¦
You Have Heard of Many Remedies.
FOR THE GRIP.
DH.MEYERS&CO," jiB^
ease and Weakness iKjw
lished 1SSL Consul- VVjrc
tation and private v>*'(i. 1 /«! I
book free, at office "Maa^
or by mail. Cures IWJIwIf^bf
guaranteed. 731 NSWMsaPlllilM
Market street (ele- j
v a t o r entrance), .^saS. m^SSaUaBsv
Ban Francisco. .dffl§lfsRSS*r5sB8saB
A fajnous woman says: "I am so much
In love with Grape-Nuts that I presume
I often bore people telling them about the
new food. Tou certainly will make an
everlasting fortune from the sale of it.
The article has become the "best known
cereal on the market"
It can 4iardly be called a cereal, for It
is not like the common rolled wheat or
rolled oa.ts. but it is in the form of gran-
tiles, ranging from the size of a pin head
up to twice or three times that size.
It Is thoroughly cooked at the factory
and requires no preparation whatever, but
can be served instantly with hot milk or
hot cream to make a hot mush or cold
cream can be poured in the side of the
saucer and a very delicious crisp food is
the result. Not only is the taste fascinat-
ing, but the nutritive value of the food
is very great, as shown by the improved
condition physically and mentally of those
who use it ten days or two weekn.
¦
IMPROVED MIND.
The Food Grape-Nuts.
THE WEEKLY GALL, $1 PER YEAR.
t?^t9^9li9^[*n B> B 'J? "Is ft non-polsonoos
ramsnQ&SJE remedy for Gonorr'.cea,
j^^^CCKEh^ta Oleet, Spermat^rrhaa,
gnSEr '" * toSdiji-v w h'' e *» nn natural dij.
jjNSb Oduu-^m \| chargi . or ivnr inua^nina-
S<Sl>J| cot to atrteiar*. tion, i ritatioa or ulerr»-
ff* *j|fft>eau cooi»<i»n. tion f m u c o u * Di<*m-
l«Sac:NGlHK»Tl,O.E^ Sold bj lirussiits,
V"*^3W p. a. a. !X_.*P or BPn * ' n P' a ' n wrapper,
' by express, prepaid. Tor
*1.CO, or 3 bottles. «3.73.
JcJ Mlar ieat en rajuesi.
CALIFORm NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. .:
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC !
. . RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbiiron Ferry, Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT- OF MARKET ST.
WEKK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. 3:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 1:30.
B:00. 6:20 p. m. .
Sam Rafael to San Franelies.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50/9:20, U:10 a. m.; U:«.
J:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»
and' 6:35 p. m. , ,« m.in
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. ».«,
6:05, 6:25 p. m. - • • • .'
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park,
same schedule as above. .;. ,.-.*-
~ Leave I In Effect I A"^ 9 .
San Franclsca |Nov. 7. 1900-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I San- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. ! day». \ Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
sisopm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:2o am
. 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8::2 pm
Fulton,
730 am Windsor. . 10:18 am
. Healdsburr.
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Claverdale. 7:33 pm «:2I pm
7:S0amj %:Wm \ a nd° P UWah. | 7:85 pm| «:2Jpm
7-30 am ¦ I I 110:25 am
8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pm)
8:30pm >; I . ' 1 ... ¦ I 6:22 pn>
730 am 8:00 am Sonoma 5:15 am 8:40 am
" • and .
B:1C pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:M pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami (10:40 am|10:25 am
• 3:20 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:3o pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whke Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
Geyservllle • for Skagrgs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for -Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay.vLakeport.and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakesf. Laure! Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. ¦ Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.' Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Huilville, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mertdocino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal,-
Willetts, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens. Dyer.- Scotia and Eureka." -
Saturday to Monday, round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . ¦ ¦ • . • - ¦ - - • ¦ - - . • •
: On ¦ Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. : . ¦
Ticket office. 650 Market St., Chronicle build-
ing. '"•• • R. X..RYAN.
. H. a WHITING, . Gen. Pass. A«t.
. General Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
. ' Commencing September SO. 1800.'
FROM VAI^ET
•WEEK DAYS-6:55. •9:15.. 11:00 a. m.; 'ljtf,
8:15, 4:00. 5:15, *6:1S. 6:40 p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael • on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*8:00. *10:00, »U:30 a. m.. «1:15,
S:15, S:45.*6:30, 3:00. p. m. ¦- •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quratin.
FROM SAN RAFAEIi TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20. »6:30. 7:45. 8:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45, •3.30,' 4:30, 5:20 p. m. " — *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20. 'S^.:. •10:00, ¦ "11:4s , a. m.,
•1:40," •2:15.- 4:45. ?6:30 p. m. • :
• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla. ¦
FROM MII^. VALLEY TO SAN FRAKCISCO
WEEK DAYSi— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9:30. a. m.,
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p.m. ,
EXTRA -TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. ¦ -¦¦¦.-'
SUNDAYS— 8:05, : 10:05 a. m., 12:05, • 2:15.' J:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. m. t ¦¦ ' • .-
r ,..k .'•••,-.•-; . • 'THROUGH TRAINS. . ,:. ..^ *
1 :5S ¦ a. ;- m. • week ; days— Cazadero , and way
stations. '"'¦¦. " ' ¦'.¦•¦:•" ..•;.'
s 1:45 p. m. ; Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. - - |ir iO>Wli1fjy» "¦»<BHii I, ' j t\Mf "Tji'idll Hi M j i " i '
¦8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales ' and •; way sta-
tions. ' . ¦ •-•¦'.. "
• "¦ ¦' ' ¦ ¦• -'.'- ; ¦''"') '¦
I '^im tA& m^t Jor the fe^t mone^ I
I /I^^^^^^^^m¥ i Ladies, Here Is an Opportunity No Lady Would Think of IS
§ ii^^^^^Slllim 9 to Buy White Aprons at Prices Having Her Spring Gown IB
1 lllll^SraSPl^ml Th at You'll Never Be Able to Made Over an Old Corsets SB
1 li^^^^^^^a I ' Get Them F ° r A^ in P$ JSy differed S'o^ t Kd?^ »f I I
H llrai^^^^^^^^^^^P^ -| :: ' fifh Sample line of LADIES' APRONS. t<W you winf a periMt flttlnff Corset tha Bfl
H S«»iEE^feJ5^£S>^Pv5KS»?^^®**^ ' H hi* all made of good lawn, some tucked, JJL • only thins to do Is tik po to a store where N y
¦ B™H»MtMaBrmig^!tWJiL > > ! SS-*t-^^^ a O others with fancy embroidery inser- the assortment is complete and where « a,
B |T mmmMM^MlL lTMW ' '"¦'¦ A f~fci\ tion. Remember these are samples I,— <JT"V- you will find expert corset demonstrat- gy
I ¦ I /&£)/&¦ at sam P. Ie Prices, which moans just ors. Joe Rosenbergs is the pla.ee at^aU j* H
I Hi WBS&nS e aL \ Handkerchids at Less Than Cost. a n we n aew %d and perfectly finished. If a steel B 3
a WE tBsMUm K O^^? 8^ Ladies' Handkerchiefs, made of eood breaks lnthese Corsets within three months we will HH
Q 18! mBrawsi r V>^_— Z!lr' lrisn lawn, hemstitched and hand- give you a new corset. They come in snort, mertium ej a
S iHi^ I In Our Hosiery Departments Again for the Lady That Desires the New y
I ill RSlSfidfS&lfefc. M LADIES' HOSE, made of very hest fast black Kangaroo figure We have the iNCW BH
E M^PJ^^ttPm^^' «3 Peruvian cotton, double heels and toes, ribbed^ top. £ rec t f'orm Corset £*• v* V* C* O 6 *5* ||
I I and toes^ oSlJ?^:!l°""!.!°?/A."?!:!^.i. Sffc |f \{™^'^rSuE tof ii^O^ |1
H a AGAIN, LADIES' HOSE, made of good quality Department, O'Farrell street entrance. afl
H . ' *__-««<' lisle, double heels and toes, full length and very Y". -. .^ ' -___.» o _j _i«,>, * n attain I ¦
I I'lMilHII HH'I ¦¦!¦ ¦ ¦ mil lirT^ y elastic, in the latest Parisian lace effects. Actual- £ If you have an old Corset "^,,^ d to *"£}" I g
H fir '" j v sic fiflced at **5e the straight-front effect come to us ana wo win p H
I K * * . . OH. <VERY'WELL,!-Here Is a bargain for you sel1 y° u a straight-front steel for lOc p E
¦ I «^ r T < , \vt ¦ '¦ in Children's Hose. 1 Made of best fast black Peru- ¦yrrji-i • r\ iir , Cf^-/, Vf<Mt Otir Notion I I
¦ S fj5 - Ladl'S VVraOOer*. vlan cotton, double heels, toes and knees,, Swiss WllllC 111 VJUr OlOie V liU Vur iiuuun f ¦
In a«?^ " ,<¦•• * , t ribbed, fa 1 1 length and very elastic, all sizes. Re- -pv P.??-?jlL __J Q A /.<<«./> <» I H
IR ¦rcSBBS!3& Made of good quality percale. •waist-- niarkab i eiVa i ue g. : /, ioc JJcpartment ana oecurc a oampie i w
II raH E^"ted:£cr«uKo|"Srr£-; Some S cfal Attractions in Our Card of Our Coillcss Safety Fins Free ||
If ¦™B.-.SasS aSJSK.R^.^SKiSS M^lm Underwear Department » * of Charge-Something New * * * IS
H§ \ffflii • T J' t CLuVr^iJtt. IiADTES' GOWN, made of good muslin, double w , SA i N ' ITAR T ?u 11^ 11 .' 1H
Si iUlliB LaOieS Ohirt WaiStS, yoke back, front yoke tucked and hemstitched. -^ BINDER. It Is one of the best Bg
II Mm\\k : Made of good percale, plain French neck and sleeves finished with hemstitched ruffle; |O I? 1 "?*" lt h t he threai *or • elastic fll
|§ Wjl lf*\ back, full front, new bishop sleeves good width, full length. These garments .are used j<U T&st* a-wnh »r P riilnoiH o BO
|| ¦J™i i $WMr adjustable "collar. A surprise" to ><a ll as a splendid leader and are sold far below actual d&L *tg£s a'rTv hair It is clean healthful §8
11 "^ \r. .^ •••_••••"•;•••_• ••¦¦¦¦¦¦ J>C DRXwERSr'mad'e'of^d j"^ ||
ii One Visit tO Our bait Department iS soft-bleached muslin, cut very wide, f.-cked and from becoming disarranged. It HJ|
11 V^ , Z, x " , - t -*-t'"- finished with 2-inch ruffle of good, strong torchon >2§e?^-J^?tr u nrliusted bv catrhin^ the hair Ha
Bfi 'EnOU^h tO Convince the JV: OSt Car-'tUl lace. Worth twice the asking price..., G5C jf t a ? h " S b ac k of the he ad and 81
EM . i ° r f-\ r:_i. J' 1^,v\7>,T < «/,p •¦ AGAIN. L.ADIKS' SKIRTS, made of " good, ,. clasping It with the binder. It B9
R| OflOPper 01 Utir HXtraOrOinary V aiUCb strong- soft-bleached muslin, extra dust ruffles, is made of very best highly polished Italian shell. H»
am ThhTweek we are offering LADIES' FINELY deep cluster-tucked flounce; full length, extra s good strong clasps and smooth, well-rounded UH
a a TAILORED SUITS, of best all-^vool qheviot, jacket wide. You can't buy the material for the price we teeth. Our introduction price IOC MH
B B in the natty Eton effect, double-breasted and ask for skirt complete 98c • • « M
|fi trimmed with stitched taffeta bands, .lined with Sale at O'Farrell-st. entrance. RIBBONS! RIBBONS! 89
ii THTQ TT7 VHT T TANT -t BOO yarda all-silk double-faced satin. In all the ||
1 R with belt^ear "ilk Ind bound with good corduroy V 6 B t A 1 i Hlb 1^ Y U U . C AIM new . spring shades, suitable for neckwear or fancy g U
ma Rosenberg's is where you get the best, for .the CABINET HAIRPINS, four packages In abox, ruffles. Our so-called competitors offer this as^a Km
KB least. .'.¦...¦.:..'....' .•,.,..,.i;...',SlO.OO -all assorted; per box......... 2&c ' bargain at 35c. Our price U.>c fln
Ir Mail Orders Solicited! ,; '// '. : ' : y ....-, •..."; :.,... ... \ > U °' FARRELL STREET. gQ
\CHICACO \
In LESS tha !>
THREE DAYS
San Francisco l At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Unim Pacific
Sr-North- Western 'Line
T~\ OWBLE Dravmg-7{oom Sletping
I J Cars, Buff it, Smoking and Library
•I— 'Cars, with barb.-r. Dicing Cars~
mtals a I* carte. ¦¦'Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions tvtiy neeh from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. Tht best of everything.
. It. . tt. PttTCHIE
$17 Market St. General Afftnt Paetfle OoaU
: Palace Eotel RAN FSAJfClsCO
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Ix>cal Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. | Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 A 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton- 50:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 1:25 p
•• Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
. " Fresno ..I ?:20 P S:33 p 3:05 a
" Har.ford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•' VlFalla.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
•• Tulare ... *:?7 P *--1 P 5:05 a
•• BksfleM.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•' ' Kan. City 2:41a ?r2(V a
" Chicago .| 1:15 p 3:00 p
a for mornlnjr. p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
CairyltiR Palace Sleeplnc Cars and Dlnlns
Cars through to Chicago. . Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation ot locaf
first class passensers. No second - clasa
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives &t 6:SS p. ra. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. 1» the Overland Kxpreas. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, whtch cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:35 p. m. dally.
¦ 7:20 a. rn. la Bakersfield Local, stopping
at- all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land. ' -¦- <
From thej
Captain of the
U.S.S. Manning
• ' M.y wife and daughters ar-
rived this morning. They
express their pleasure In re-
gard to their trip from San
Francisco to "Chicago on the
Burlington Excursion, and
heartily endorse the manage- »
ment, the service and . atten-
tion. They all declare when
'.-;> they go to . California again
' .it will be via Burlington Ex-
cursion, preferring this to
the regular Pullman.
Capt.W.H.- Roberts,
U. S. S. Manning.
From San Francisco Tuesdays
and Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago,
, Kansas City, SL Lonis— EVERY-
WHERE East.
IrniTliw^WSffli General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 A FEW FIGURES
pifapoA:^!.
I r- THAT'S WHEN YOU
J Y'rLEAVE.SAN FRANCISCO*
2:15 PiM.V.
THIRD DAY THAT'S f
• WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN X
CHICAGO ON THE . . .
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
j : OVER THE ... -
[SANTA FE. Ex-Postal Clerk Frank Peter Joseph Gu
nane was sentenced yesterday, by United
States District Judge de Haven to one
year's imprisonment In the San Quentin
penitentiary for stealing a $5 gold piece
out of a letter that was passing through
his hands. , ..¦.,.'
Postal Clerk Cunane Sentenced.
. Ex-United States Senator Frank J. Can
non of Utah arrived here yesterday and
is staying at the Palace. ' He is out here
to visit his father, George Q." Cannon, who
is very ill at Monterey. The sick man is
a director of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and also a leading dignitary In
the Mormon church.
Arrives to Visit His Father.
. Tickets will be on sale during the week
previous, - b'ut prior to that time requests
for tickets will be accepted and honored
in turn as soon as sale opens.
'Boat will leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m.
Fare will be only $2, and each ticket sold
Insures 1 a seat, as the company will not
sell any more tickets than it has seats
provided.
. In response to the constant inquiry as
to when there will be a Ukiah excursion,
the California Northwestern Railway has
decided to have one on April 28, "which is
somewhat early. This date has been se
lected because at that time (practically
the- 1st- of May) 'this picturesque section
it at its best. The warm breath of spring
has taken away the damp and .chills of
winter and nature wears her freshest and
greenest srarb.
FIRST UKIAH EXCURSION.
At a meeting of the corporate directors
of the Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen yesterday Past Grand
Master W. H. Barnes was chosen as dep
uty grand master workman, Walter Mal
loy was retained as special deputy for San.
Francisco and Deputies Wells and Cal
vert, the former for the north and the lat
ter for the south, were also retained. The
district deputies for this city will be
named during the week. Edwin Danforth,
past grand master workman, will be ten
dered the office of grand lecturer, but he
will not accept, as he declares, that he
desires a rest after nearly twenty years
of continuous work for the order.
Officers for the Workmen.
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in the World .
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and information call
at office, 4 New. Montgomery street.
the Building Trades Council.': It. Ua-fl^; for
TirfnelDle and fairness and we t eel confident
nobly assist us, as they have in the past, until
JU^ C | r der^the executive commme. of the
Building Tra^e^^ncn^Ba^Fr^ols^ .
O. A. TVKITMOE, Secretary. , . : .
The proper course for the Civil Service
.Commission to pursue would be to order
¦another examination for street inspectors
and-not for the particular position of In
spector of street sweepings. It is obvious
that Dutton would have a better knowl
edge-'of* the specific duties of the latter
position and would • without doubt pass
the examination, though he ', failed for
street Inspector. "Whether, the Civil Serv
ice Commission will lend itself, to! such a
barefaced attempt to evade the civil serv
ice clause in the charter remains, to be
seen, but from the present attitude of the
members thereof the . little scheme con
cocted by the Board of Public Works to
retain men who held positions and failed
to pass the examinations therefor will be
nipped in the bud. ¦ - .
the Board of Public Works
sfcnt a communication to the Civil Service
Commission stating that no change would
be 1 made in the position until the new
specifications for street sweepings were
adopted by the Board j of Supervisors,
'which would be next month. It further
said that Mr. Dutton's intimate knowledge
of the duties was such tiiat it would be
better, for the city's interests to . retain
:him until then.' Considering that Dutton's
duties- consist in seeing whether certain
streets are swept a specified number of
times in accordance with the schedule,
the Civil Service Commission fails to see
where, his expert duties come in.;, j
vf;: May Order New Examination.
', I In the meantime' the ! iBoard of Works
expects that the commission will order a
new. examination in order- to give Dutton
an opportunity to get on the eligible list.
The commission has so far taken no ac
tion, but In, view of the unfavorable criti
cism, which such a course would entail it
.is disinclined' to accede to the. request of
the Board of Public Works.
. A new phase of «, the controversy be
tween the two boards also, developed
when the Board of Public Works tiled
an official reaueat that a new examina
tion - be . ordered for inspector of street
sweepings, which, position Zhitton holds.
The Civil Service Commission, in answer
to the communication, stated that Dutton,
at the "special instance of the Board of
Works, had taken the examination • for
Inspector s of streets when it was held
some months ago. Dutton was one of the
twelve names submitted by the Board of
Works as holding the positions of street
and sewer inspectors some time before tha
examination was held. Upon the report
of the Board of Works the questions to
be asked the applicants for the positions
were formulated. It was not stated then
that Dutton was being employed in a spe
cial capacity or that his duties were any
different than those of the eleven others.
When Dutton failed to pass the examina
tion he was retained in the position, and
in order to secure a permanency of tenure
for Dutton- the Board of Works wants the
Civil Service Commission, to hold another
examination for inspector of street sweep
ings. -:¦ ¦ . -
New Phase of the Controversy.
Much correspondence on the subject has
passed between the Board, of Works and
the Civil Service Commissioners. The
latter have insisted that the civil service
provisions of the . charter be followed out
in the appointments, but have been in a
measure placated by the notification that
the twelve eligible street inspectors have
all been put to work after having been
certified by the commission. As there
were only twelve inspectors employed by
the Board of Public Works previous to
the announcement of the civil service eligi
ble list this would necessarily exclude
Dutton and McMahon from appointment.
This, however, did not bother the Board
of Public Works in the least. It selected
the twelve names certified by the com
mission and continued LHitton and Mc-
Mahon in their positions as inspectors,
notwithstanding that they had both failed
to pass the civil service examination.
That the various boards" and commis
sions appointed by Mayor Phelan have
discovered numerous ways by which to
evade the , civil service provisions of the
charter? which- they are all pledged to
observe, was again brought to light yes
terday. The Board of Public Works, in
its anxiety to reward political favorites
who had failed in the civil service exam
ination for street and sewer inspectors,
has simply increased the number of such
officials In its employ from twelve to four
teen. The men - who profit by the action
of the board are George W. Dutton and
Lawrence McMahon, who are not on the
civil service eligible list for the positions,
but nevertheless have been retained in
their, old positions. .
Keep Favorite.
Eligible List and Recommends
Another Examination to
Retains Two Street Inspectors Not on
STILL EVADING
CIVIL SERVIC
Board of "Works Detected in
Flagrant Violation of
Charter. *
HOPE TO MAKE
BOYCOTT FELT
Building Trades Council
Tells What It Demands
of Managers.
Harris and Emanuel the Only Men
Who Can Take Action That -Will
Satisfy the Labor
. The Building Trades Council will make
a special effort to-day to make its boy- :
cott of the baseball games felt. Wagona
bearing signs proclaiming the boycott will
be on the streets, ; and - members of the
building " trades unions will be near, the
gates to warn " away any of their fellow
members who may seem disposed to en
ter. The -refusal of the Labor Council, to
indorse the boycott haa spurred the other
organization to greater vigilance.
'. The executive committee of the Building
Trades Council has issued the following
statement: , ."-•_• . - ':¦'¦'¦ ..
To the Editor of "The Call— Dear Sir:- i The
baseball magnates are Industriously, circulating
reports to the effect that the boycott on the
baseball games has besn declared off.' All such
reports, no matter from whom * they may em
anate, are not true. The boycott levied by the
Building Trades Council on : Manager Harris
and his baseball concerns on account of . his
unfair acts toward jthe Building Trades Coun
cil and his avowed antagonism to union labor
is on the baseball league to stay until Manager
Harris either severs nl? connection. with it or
rectifies the wrongs he has committed against
the good union mechanics of ' San - Francisco,
or until such time as I* & E. Eroanuel of the
West Coast Furniture Company cease Import-
Ing non-union men f rom • the . East and agree
to run their establishment In accordance with
the decision of the arbitration board 1 and*sub
scribe to the agreement adopted by the San
Francisco Planing. .Millmen's -Association.-, and
THE SAN FEANCISUO CALL, SUNDAY,, APKIL 7, .1901.
Ex-Governor Georg-e \y. Baxter of "Wy
oming,' father of Miss Cornelia . Baxter,
whose engagement to Hugh Tevis " was
announced recently, arrived in the city
yesterday. . '
Mr. Baxter is accompanied by , his son
and daughters — Webster McPhee Baxter
and Misses Margaret, Katherlne and
Eleanor Baxter — who have been with him
in Monterey. The party is here to witness
the wedding of, Miss : Baxter, and Hugh
Tevis. which 1 will take place at the Palace
next Wednesday evening.;
EX-GO VEBNOR BAXTER HEBE
TO WITNESS WEDDIflG
Hiigrh Tevis "Will Lead Pretty Bnde
to the Altar "Wednesday '•:
Night. . '
Resolved, That the publio Is cautioned against
making contributions of money or otherwise
assisting organizations of so-called "veterano,"
'•soldiers" or "survivors"- of the late war for
this occasion, as the Grand Army is fully pre
pared and cheerfully will provide for all neces
sary expenses for a fitting reception and en
tertainment of their distinguished comrade.
The efforts of these impostors have not ceased
In any respect since the first warning, but on
the contrary they are as bold and unscrupulous
as ever. All persons, , committees, societies and
the public generally are warned agralnst these
people. •_„.;,. . . .
' The "McKinley Grand Army Commit
tee" calls attention again to the follow
ing resolution, adopted by the general
committee of San Francisco posts of the
Grand Army of the Republic:
lie Against Making Contribu
tions for Such Purpose.
niPOSTORS SOLICITIirQ ¦;¦•; .-.;;
ITTNDS FOB RECEPTION
Grand Anayl Committee Warns Ptib-
to leave town to-day and return within
the next ten days. ; .
Senator Bard is assured that Senator
Perkins is heartily in accord with the
proposition to recommend Dr. Chester
Rowell for appointment to the position of
United States Minister to Japan. The
present Minister Plenipotentiary, A. E.
Buck of Georgia, was appointed in 1897.
The compensation of the office is 512,000
per annum.
Senator Bard expected to leave San
Francisco yesterday for the Santa Cruz
Mountains, but business affairs detained
him In the city. - During the day he con
ferred with Senator Perkins. He expects
fiStV 0^ f ° r the offlc * of United
Btates Attornej-. Southern District of
Eaj-d and Perkins are concerned. Thev
have recommended the appointment of
fejn?" X K Une to SUcceed Fran k P.
SS^. th e changre to take place next De
cember. In answer to Inquiry last even
Ing Senator Perkins said:
v«w. ? aIready commended Mr
\alentine to succeed Mr. Flint and there
cannot, of course, be controversy on S
endation - The d edsion iw»S
with the appointing power."
SENATORS BARD AND PERKINS INDORSE
A CALIFORNIAN FOR MINISTER TO JAPAN
22
WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY,
FRIDAY*
SATURDAY,
April 10th. Ilth, 12th, 13th.
At 11 o'clock a. m. aad S o'clock p. m>
149 STOCKTON ST.,
CORNER O7 GCAR7, 1 7.
MR. M. B. MIBRAN'S
Rare Collection
PERSIAN RUGS,
TURKISH GOODS,
Antique Furniture
Owing to the departure of Mr. if. B. Turnryiy
for tk lour absence to th« Orient, h* h*»
placed In our hands his entire collection of
Persian. Slme, Boukhara. Cashmere and Silk
Ru^a. considered to be the finest collection In
this country. We undertake the sals undor
special instruction^ to dispose of tb* «ntlr%
collection ABSOLUTELY without reserr*.
EASTOiN, ELDR1DGE & CO.,
Auctioneer*.
•'¦'¦' * * T ' : „
On MONDAY, April 8th, we will open
• up and place on sale a most elegant •
assortment of the following New
| Mrics;
5 Cases NEW JAPANESE WASH SILKS, extra fine
aualltBi In all tne "leading shades, sucn as Rose,
', Green, Lavender,' Golelln, National, Jasper, Cap- ¦
dlnal, Clel and White.
¦7 Cases NEW FRENCH CHALYS, Yern latest patterns,
In new Persian Effects, Foulard Designs, Polka
Dots, Floral Effects, Fancu Stripes and Plain Colors.
These Chains come In all wool and silk and wool, and
are from the hest manufacturer In Europe.
2 Cases (125 pieces) NEW PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
all 24 Inches wide and fine twill' satin finish. Tha
colorings are Reseda, Old Rose, Argent, Gofielln,
National," Cardinal, Electric, Etc., Etc., and till
) are ; exclusive and confined to us.
• l5CasesFINE WASH FABRICS, in Silk Ginghams, Mer-
cerized Foulards, Printed Dimities, English Gala-
teas, Embroidered Swiss, Japanese Crepes, Silk anl „
Linen Ginghams, ant 1 Woven Lace Tissues.
MATD
nUlC.i ;
AH the above goods will be on display
in our Iar£e show windows this week.
Ml. 113. 115. 117, i!9. 12! POST STREET,
The longest unnavlgable river la the Da-
kota, the length of which Is about 600
miles. . - -
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drugglrts, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 40$ Clay.*
' Dr. J. C. Stlnson has removed hla offlca to &33
Sutter street, corner Mason. Phone Black 3881.
Residence California Hotel. Phone John 1621-..*
DR.MQNULTY:
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RF.LIABLK OLD
X Special 1st cures Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcea, Gleet,
Stricture, nominal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr.
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fr*«.
Over20years'pxper'ence.Tprnn reasonable. Hoars,
9to3daily;6:30toS.30ey'K<i. 8nndavs,10to 12. Cnnsal-
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Can or address
P. BOSCOE JfcXtXTY, M.D.
2«fi ILearay St« San Francisco* Cef-
g»j CMICHHTIR'8 EN0U8H
pEHKVRQYAL PILLS
w -h-^^X _ Origins! and Only 6«jinln«k
W J j/^W.TV "A FE* A\tr\jt, re'iiabl*. I.mdla-, uk DirurrfH
" T CMldELESTE»"s
trv'WjS\la BED an.l Gold aie«»m» box««. tnlvi
J^ 3; » TO .TJ with bine ribbon. Take no other. Beftu*
1*1 «J* *V| Panqeroaa Sob«titntloa« »ad Xaite.
I / fJT Pon* Buy of jinr Drsffiit. or fad 4«. ia
? Jf nsmpt tor Parties Ian, Te*tlnaKl«U
VO*' f? »nd "Relief for Ljidle<«,' t <«U«i«r,«rTr».
„ ,," .* •nSrsctin*. Chl<-hcr«tcr t'litmlt.1 €•_
CHANCE OF FARM.
STUDEBAKER BROS. GO..
OF CALIFORNIA.
„, Tji 6 "rtfre stock of vehicles formerly belonging to Studebaker Bros.
Mfg. Co.' is now 6wned by the new company.
We have taken them over at reductions in price that are interesting.
- The special discount of from 15 to 33 1-3 and 40 per cent will con-
tinue.
To add to the interest the new company will include in the reduction
ten carloads of new vehicles now. unloading and en route. .
We are receiving new things in Spring Lap Robes, Dusters and
STUDEBAKER BROS. CO.,
OFCALIFORNIA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GLOVES
* Best ia America for •
FIT, WEAR^nd FINISH.
$1.OO
ENGLISH WALKING, for shopping
and school.
Made of cape stock, with full
out seams, quirts and Paris points.
They look like the English Walk-
Ing Gloves now. sold at $2.
&1.OO
Genuine castor, for general wear;
skins specially selected; 2 clasps
and new stitchings. A fine fitting,
dressy glove.
SLOO
Dressed and undressed kid, lat-
est spring importation, in white,
cream, pearl, lavender, purple,- sil-
ver navy.* red, brown, tan, mode
and gray. SOLD ONLY BY
MOSSV GLOVE STORE
1210 MARKET STREET,
Bet. .Taylor and, Jone*. .
J&w&jd [T Aihsjkt \ some arid fashionably
jJ Illlliiy^ )r\. We picture the double-
JplpfliP I \ breasted sack; but the
v^Wffiw^^ ifl/l \ .single-breasted sack" is
lW'<W///\ ;l ¦ \ built upon the same
JlfL ' f/M} • ' if/P^ \ li nes > with • the big broad
Wnm Wm ¦- ' v fw^ \ shoulders. -Every: swell
W* 'w&S)/ //I i^^&M tailor (we don't nnean
m^m!w/i ® M x^^^l ie C nea P J° nTl ones) is
{W ' -' / buildini his -fine gar-
\ M Wii /^ Add these fine bits' of
§ m WJ//M S^^ 8 '^ tailoring, \ these . new
f/ H 1 1 1 It <^^ ISi^y ideas — we may say clever
r^rk wMk ideas— to the reliability
•" - - °f serge, such as the
hkrn , .lTm Royal Blue one, and you
|pss||WPSSr : ;%- have then two ideas
(f wi jf I H ( / ' ¦ ? that go to Tnake up swell,
H| I ffi 1 I ....... ,x_ ; In this serge you have
H I ffiW \\l I- : i.;ihe smartest: fabric
III '/ Illvl I always correctly dressed
II I' ||\vj I . dn a Hoyal Blue Serge;.
o j |ft ¦'¦'¦'— y-rrr-r^ it's* always natty; it?s
II ffiS the fabric of the j^efined,
IjM I ll'Av , smart, genteel dresser.'
im I 11™ 0n' e of the features in
til / • fillw I : our Men's Suit Depart?
I TH E ' I &^M//M< ! THATHAT |
I OR AND | Vin the picture is that i
% m-JvJI&lEi I / r^r" t r»T& a \[iv TIITI/C %
| Thc^wcIIHatof the Day. I HliJl5 ? I UKAWU UVSLh I
We like mail orders— can't we fill' one for you?
THE BLAGKGQODS HOUSE
1106 Market Street.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 473.
li TailoMafle Sis.
Now Si Dress Sits.
1? Si Sit Waists.
Mourning
/A**1MI ! : '-And Suits
//\P Of Eyery »
ij f^\ Description
<T / V I Made
A I 1 To Order
Y ) I : At Short
>A V Notice^
THOROUGH . SATISFACTION
GUARANTEED.
R, T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
! JUST RECEIVED -A LARGE CONSIGNMENT OF FINE 6ID5-
I BOARDS AT VERY; LOW FIGURES I
l . Don't think because we 'sell on time that you pay more! Not sa "We sell iamt aa
( many goods on credit as for cash, and all at the lowest figures. You will find h-ti
, . everything you can possibly desire for housekeeping. No rent to pay meansiirniS .»
prices to you. Try us. : - • • ¦jmuw
THE; J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., I ao .
t ;.Xr- 1017-1023 Mission Strict, above Sixth, San Francisco.
, • • ; Close every night, ! except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at • o'clock ¦h*r>.
V^ W Not only prevails In the construction of our ; B ' //
Vui. . shoes —^"prood.form" that fits, • but "arood ~^&//
ff _\\ Every pair of shoes in otxr establishment f//^k- -
• "' tS W" ha* *• balo- of smartness about them. Every // . H
. pair of . shoes , demonitrates what consclen- ; / ¦¦'' m
tioas : workmanship and twenty-three years of" '"[
ff - experience will do. : We can only tell you this * . 1 " 1 .
' S II now, but a call will clearly show you that we \\ B
S JJ ; speak the truth. : We are exclusive agents for," -^ y.M .
Haitian's celebrated shoes. ; We want, you to \*^r
/9k remember our NEW ?3.50. DEPART- r ff\ '
'// \^k MENT, for men and women. We solicit out- . «Vl
ff H . - of -town patronage.-Pages 23 to 32
J. R. Morse, vice presiaent of the Flint-
Eddy Trading Company of New •York, ar
rived in the city-yesterday- and -is at the
PaIace; ' .* '= - l;j&iiz ! XZ-
The body of the man found floating- in
the bay last Friday was Identified 3 -es
terday as that of Franz Fremel. a dish
was about J£F% , years °W. who resided
at 636 Commercial street. He had been
en a spree and had been missing for ten
Franz Fremel Drowned.
Music in the Park.
The park band will render the following
programme- to-day: - . -¦ - - --.
"Prophet" March", Meyerbeer
Overture, "Tannhauser" Wagner
Waltz, "Temptation" ;. Bolognesl
Cornet solo ......:.;..:................;.. Selected
. , D. C. Kosebrook. .;<-"¦<
Fantasia "L/Afrlcaine" Meyerbeer
Overture, "II Guarany" ...-....•. :."... Gomes
Easter song, "The Palms ...........'... Faure
"National Airs 'of All Civilized Nations". Sousa
* Gottschalk
"Hallelujah Chorus" .. .......'.:... •..."..".¦.. Handel
Fath.tr Yorke at Gaelic Leaeue.
At the last regular meeting of the Gaelic
School at 120 Ninth street the" feature of
the evening was an eloquent address by
the Rev Peter C. Yorke. whose tribute to
t he Irish language movement was cor
diaJly received by a large audience. Fath
er Yorke made a critical examination of
one of the advanced Gaelic classes. He
was also called on by Chairman T. J. Mel
lott for a brief address. His remarks -were
replete with valuable and useful sugges
tions to the principals as well as etudents
An unusual incident occurred in Judge
Cook's courtroom, yesterday morning a
few minutes after the Judge had left the
bench. A half-dozen prisoners were in the
dock, among them Charles Walker, a col
ored man, and Lou Fook, accused of mur
dering another. Chinese at Washington
street and Fish alley.' Walker and Fook
were seated .together and. when. Bailiff
Coulter put the shackles on the prisoners
to take . them back ¦ to . . the County Jail
Fook accused -Walker of forcibly takine- a
$10 gold piece out of his hand.
Alleged Robbery in Prison.
JAMES D. POWEH, SPECIAL
TREASURY AGENT, EXPIRES
Disease Contracted While on Duty in
the Philippines Ends Life of
Popular Official.
James D. Power, special agent of the
treasury, stationed at this port, died in
St. Mary's Hospital at a quarter past 7
o'clock yesterday morning.
Mr. Power went to Manila four and a
half months ago for the purpose of look-
Ing into the management of the customs
a.t that port. He was at that time in per
fect health and apparently in the Dink
of condition, but shortly before leaving
Manila to return to the United States he
•was prostrated with abscess of the liver.
He was so weak and emaciated when he
reached Honolulu that the physicians In
sisted that it would not be safe for "him
to continue the voyage, but he refused
to be put off at Honolulu and demanded
that he be allowed to proceed to this city,
¦where his wife and children were await
ing him. Mr. Power arrived on the Hong
kong Maru two "weeks ago last Friday,
fciid was so debilitated that it was neces
sary to remove him from the steamship
in an ambulance to St. Mary's Hospital.
An operation was performed last Friday,
which he sustained heroically, but his
system had become too much enfeebled to
rally from the shock.
Mr. Power leaves a wife, two sons and
Iwo daughters. His eldest son is Neal
Power, an attorney of this city. *
Ryan was very reticent about the mat
ter and would not state whether or not
the company intends fighting the recent
advance ¦ in : the assessment - rate of rail
road property. The advance is 20 per cent.
E. Black Ryan, an attorney of the
Southern Pacific, returned yesterday frcrn
Nevada, where he was attending to the
company's business in reference to the
assessment' In Nevada of railroad prop •
A. C. Luck, greneral manager and treas
urer of the Nevada Central Railroad with
headquarters at Austin. Nev., arrived in
this city yesterday. Luck, who has nine
ty-three miles of railroad under his super
vision, is "kicking" at what he deems the
"njuft. assessment levied upon it hI de
elded upon, a plan of attack which would
£r k ™r£ Sta T te Controller of NevaoVplead
for mercy. Luck sent several missives to
prominent railroad officials in this dtv >
Wtaf m f oLe a n n t. lnterVleW U »° n *^&
It is believed Luck was in the hope
he could form with the Southern Padttc
Company a combination that would make
the Controller erovel in the sagebrusivand
beg for mercy. After inhaling volumes
of smoke from an English briaF root Slut
he Journeyed to the railroad buildinl to
have a consultation with some of the
prominent officials of the Southern Pa
cific. They all seemed to be out. *
Ll i ck J eft } he bu »ding and to-morrow
no doubt, will again attempt to see the
attorneys of the tax department of the
Southern Pacific and endeavor to impress
upon them that President Hays is nbt at
tending to business unless he fights th*
ffit^T^adtr rjuiroad SS
Thinks His Ninety-Three
Miles of Railroad Is
- Overvalued.
MANAGER LUCK
HAS TROUBLES
Grace Sherry, soprano; Senorita Andrea Mo
jlca. contralto; Ed Lotz.. tenor, and Ch.
Pechin. basso. Cantata. "Gloria," Mile. Elea
nor Roeckel. Senorita Mojica, Ed Lotz and Ch.
Pechin. "Credo."' Miss L. Holzhelser. sopra
no; J. Bitter, tenor, and W. Edmlnster, basso.
After the elevation Mrs. J. Burton, contral
to, will sing the benedictus with violin obli
gato by Arthur Johannsen. "Agnus Del,"
Mme. Coursen-Roeckel and Kd Lotz. Wer
ner's "Regina Coeli" will be given at the of
fertory. Handel's celebrated -'Laudate" will
be sung by Mme. and Mile. Roeckel at the
end with choral and instrumental accompani
ment. . '
; Organist. Joseph Roeckel.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. E. A. Woods,
D.D.. pastor.
Easttr services with special music. Subject.
"Is Death a Wall or a Door?" BaDtism and
reception, of members. Evening subject, "Christ
Risen or- Not Risen?"
ST. LUKE'S CHURCH.
Morning prayer.
Organ prelude.
Processional hymn 112. "Jesus Christ Is
Risen To-day". ....Dr. Worgan
Versicles (Festal) Tallis
Easter anthems; "Christ Our Passover"
-. Stewart
Proper psalms— 2, 57, 111
:R."Cooke and P. Humphreys
"Te Deum," "Jubilate," in E Barnby
Introit, "Messiah". .' Handel
Soprano solo, Mrs. G. Arnold.
"I know that my redeemer liveth, and
that he shall stand at. the latter day
upon the earth ; and though worms de
stroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I
see God. For now Is Christ risen from
the dead, the first fruits of them, that
Holy communion. • '.¦ v
"Kyrie," "Gloria Tlbi." "Credo," in E flat
: ¦ t I -. : •Eyre
Hymn 121, "The Strife Is O'er" Falestrina
Sermon.
"Ascription Gloria Patri" .Cooke
Offertory anthem, "When It Was Yet Dark"
Huntlngton Woodman
"Sursum." "Sanctus," "Agnus Dei," "Glo- •
ria In Excelsls," in E fiat Eyre
Recessional hymn 122, "Jesus Lives"
Dr. Gauntlett
•: Orran postlude.
Evensong.
Processional hymn 112." "Jesus Christ la
Risen To-day" ...Dr. "Worgan
Versicles (Festal) ..:....".............. Tallis
Proper, psalms— 113, 1H, 118 Battlshill
"Magniflcat," "Nunc Dlmitis," in C.Attwood
Hymn 373, "Our Blest Redeemer" Dykes
Confirmation and address by the Right
Rev. William F. Nichols. Bishop of <•'
- ¦ California. . a
Hymn 613, "O Jesus, I Have Promised".. Elliott
Offertory anthem (see morning service)
Woodman
Recessional hym 113, "Christ Is Risen"
Sullivan
• . ' ' Organ postlude.
CORPUS CHRISTI CHURCH, Croke and
Mission streets:
CImarosa's Military Masa will be rendered
under the direction of the organist. Mrs. G.
Napoleone, with the following choir: Sopranos —
Mrs. G. Napoleone. Miss J. Cereghina. and Miss
C. Ricter; altos— Mrs. E. Gatto, Miss C. Stev
ens and Miss M. Rizzio; tenor— O. Rodgers,
basses — J. Cereghtno, A. Dorand and J.
Broyer. . Rev. Father V. Casslni, celebrant.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH— Eddy street,
rear Jones. Rev. E. A. Woods, D. D., pastor.
Anthem "Christ Our Passover"
Anthem.... "Break Forth Into Joy"
Anthem.. "They Have Taken Away My Lord"
Contralto solo - "Glory to God"
Soprano solo "The Resurrection"
Soprano, solo "Easter Eve"
Sermon, morning.......
..: "la Death a Wall or a. Door?"
Sermon, evening "Risen or Not Risen"
Miss Fannie L. Denny, soprano; Miss Mig
ron Judson. contralto: A. A. Macurda. tenor;
M. McCurrie, basso; H. K. Mitchell, organist.
Baptism at morning service.
WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. Bosh
street, near Devlsadero— W. . M... White, paster.
Mornlns service.
Fugue, from Mozart's Mass, in D.~
Invocation.
"Alleluia," Easter carol, suaj by choruj o£
children
• Hymn. "Hail, Morning-."
• ! Scripture reading and prayer.
Anthem, "Hall, Thou Glorious Morn."
Hymn, "The Lord la Risen." ,•?
Communion service.
' Anthem. "'Twas at the Matin Hour."
Sermon, subject. "Faltb and Hope.** -,-.."-
Hymn, "Coronation."
Postlude in F (Batiste).
Eveninz sorvlce.
Organ prelude, Cryus Ammam.
Invocation. - ' • -:
' Anthem. "Christ Oar Passover."
Hymn. "Angels, Roll the Rock Away."
Scripture reading and prayer.
-Hymn. "Christ Is Risen."
Offertory, "Resurrection" (Shelly).
Sermon, subject, "What Church g>^n *
Hymn. '"Christ Is Precious."
Postlude in C. by Rlnck.
The usual Easter Monday communion will he
celebrated by BlshoD Nichols at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on arrival of the -19:10 a. m. train.
Duet— Soprano (Mary) "Sir! Hast Thou
:^f : ii Taken Him?" Bass (Jesus) ."Woman"
.. .Why Weepeat- Thou?" "» !
.. ..Chorus. "Now the Earth In Resurrec
¦ tion Light."
Benediction .......... '.
Organ poetlude. "March" Barnes
:• ST. BRIGID'S CHURCH— - - .
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at 11
o'clock a. • m. An augmented chotr under the
leadership of Mme. Ellen Counsen-Roeckel will
sing Generall's melodious mass in G, assisted
by the following - Bololsta : "Kyrie," Mlsa
Bass solo, "And When She Had Thus
¦ Said.'!- : : ••.'----,
Soprano solo, "Because - They Have
'. Taken From Me My. Lord." .
Contralto solo, "Then They Took the Body
- of Jesus." ;
Tenor i solo, "The '- First Day - of the
. . -- "Week.",' . -.--.:. .
Mrs. Smith.
Address, "Why Seek ye the Living Among
-; , the : Dead r* ......77.' ¦
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
Easter Cantata, /"Life and Death" Shelley
Chorus," "Hail! King of the JewsL*'
- Tenor solo, recitative, "Now From the
¦ Sixth : Hour There was • Darkness."
Chorus. "Behold the Temple's Veil Is
Rent in Twain!"' " • ¦¦¦ •-.- -
Organ postlude. "Easter March" r.Merkel
• EVENING PRAISE SERVICE.
Organ prelude ..." Dubois
Anthem. '."They Have Taken Away My
-Lord" .".; Harrington
Psalter, selection 37. ¦ psalms 100 and 103....
G loria • Patrl /. Choir
-Hymn 12, "Now the Day Is Over"
Scriptures, Luke xxiv .' ; ;'" ¦
Solo. . "He Is' Risen" > Schnecker
• • •*.:... - v Mr. Preston.
Prayer ...U......:......./.
Hymn 167, "The Son of God Goes Forth to
. War"
Organ- solo,- "Andante"....' Wely
Offertory, "Risen Indeed". .'...Marzo
Organ prelude .'. ...........; Guilmani
Doxology ':
The Lord's prayer — All uniting
Gloria" Patri '..: -. Choir
;Anthem, "Christ the Lord Is Risen".. -.Shelley
Psalter, selection 57, psalm 147 .'.
Jubilate Deo Choir
Hymn' 39,: "God of Mercy, God of Grace,
Show the Brightness of Thy Face"...."..
Solo, "The Resurrection" Holden
Mr. McBride. "
Scriptures,' I ' Corinthians xv ";
Hymn. 349/ "O Paradise, O Paradise, Who
¦Doth Not- Crave for Rest?"
Prayer
Offertory. "Easter" : Shelley
Miss Williams. - - '
Sermon, "O Grave, . Where Is Thy Victory"
.' \ Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
Anthem, "At the Lamb's'. High ¦Feast"....
¦ :..-..."..."..;..¦..;.•..*:. ....::. Schnecker
MORNING SERVICE.
Banner": responsive reading from the psalms;
prayer by Assistant Superintendent Rudolph
O. - Gates; vocal solo, "The Prince of Peace Is
King," Miss May Franklin Cook; song by the ;
school, "Tell the. Blessed Story"; "Easter Lil
ies," exercise by Misses Bessie Chase and"
Ethel Bonner; song by school, "Drive Away
All Care and Sadness": recitation. ."The Gate
of Life.'' Miss Margaret Hizar; song by school,
"Day of Victory" ; responsive reading from
the prophets; exercise. "In Far Away Judea,"
Misses Maud-Perry, Lillian Perry, Alice Jef
fress. Lulu Manser and Gladys McKnew; vocal
duet, "He Did --Not Die in Vain." Anson Weeka
and Mrs. Anna F. Stockard: recitation. "Wel
come Springtime,". Misses Clara Tietjen, 'Annie
Michaels, Alma Hammond, 1 Lillian Couzeno,
Haze! tlren, ' Grace Winson and Bessie Chase ;
song by school,- "Wake. O Earth, and Sing";
"Crowning the Cross," an exercise by Misses
Vira Perrin. Jessie McCartney, . Freda Grimm.
Lorena Buck. May Arnott, Pearl Willis, Jen
nie Ketels,' Olive" AchHles and Florence Agard;
song by. school, "Wake the Joyful Song";-Fe
sponsive reading. ."The Resurrection"; primary
class song, "Easter Lilies"; recitation. "Suf
fer Little Children." primary class ; pastor' a
address,. Rev. M. D. Buck, .D.D.; song by
school, " 'Twas on an -Easter Morning"; an
nouncements and offering; closing chorus,
"He Lives to Reign." , : ..
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, corner
Van Ness avenue and Sacramento street.
Anthem,'. ¦'' Alleluia! Christ Is Risen".... Dennee
• -.¦ . v Soloist, Miss Lena' Hachmeister.
• ' 1 ' > -•¦ Prayer. . •
Solo, "'Come, See the' Place".... iLloyd
.. ¦ ' Mrs. .A. T. Fletcher.
: • : '. ' Scripture reading.
Anthem, • "They • Have • Taken Away My'
•. Lord" ......:.:.......... Mitchell
Offertory, "Hosanna" ...'..- Granier
. ; "-- -, : i ' Robert . Lloyd. ; . . ¦. i
- ~t>' v, ¦ - • Hymn -225. ..-.". - . .
Sermon, VGIadness of the Resurrection"..;. . '
........"'.. Dr. S. D. Hutsinplller
'-¦ 'r , ' ;.,:... .Hymn 224.
Grand organ postlude, "Coronation March" '
i ¦ ' .' : .' ..; ¦ Cook
Mlsr- Edith Adams. ' :
Sunday-school service, 12:45 o'clock.
Processional, "Ten' Thousand Times Ten
¦ Thousand". By^ Twelve Girls
Song.. "Alive Forevermore" . . : .".........School
Prayer '. . A.-. ...."...;..;....'.-... '. ".. .''. . '¦ Pastor
Recitation, ""Whispers of I-ove".Edna Hubacher
Song, "Songs ot Little Children"
.". . ;". . . . . . . . . .'. Primary Department.
Responsive reading-
..." Superintendent R. V. "Watt and School
Song, ""The Man of Sorrows" School
Exercise, ." 'Little- Helpers"
Maude Waite, Lillian'. Olden, Verne j
. Banks, Oscar. Carlson. .. .... ' — ;
Trio. "The Voice of Spring" '....
Margie ."Stickel,": Katie McCurney,' Hat
¦ .tie Cooper. . . . - .... •."* -"
Song." "The Gladsome Bells"..... ...... School
Recitation, "Where the Lilies Grow";. ......
\ •.: ...'..'...:... Miss Jessie, H. Haskin
Address ....: .:..'............. Pastor
Exercise, VUttle Light Bearers'' :
¦ .Gladys Brown. Earle Sinclair. Stanley
McKlm, Ella Meyers, Henry Meyers. - _
Song, "Christ Hath Arisen," .'. .School
Recitation, selected ......'....'..... George Martin
Duet, . ' 'The Story We Love' '."........„.. '. ..:. ,
.Bertha Knell and Ruby Irvins
Recitation, "The Legend of the Lily":..". ¦
. .....Mildred Horner
Song, "Hark the Bells"... '....School
Chlmers— Alice Jenkins, Margie Stickel.'
Recitation, "Suffer Little 'Children".:. , .
r. ........ Hazel Johnson
Responsive reading.. Mr. Henderson and School
Song, "O Easter Morn".'. ....School-
Recitation, "Nellie's Gift." ...;..... Pearl Jenkins
•. ' Easter offering." ¦*,;. ¦ .
Song, "The Savior Lives Again"...;.... ".^School
»¦ , - - -- - - ¦ Benediction. ¦ - •
Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor,
6:15 p. m. John McCallum, president. '• .
Topic, "Death to Sin, . Alive: to Christ.'. 1 Eph.,
11:1-10. Led by Deo. B. Llttlefleld, presi
s( dent of Golden Gate-. Union : of • Christian
' Endeavor. '/'¦¦¦¦' '¦ •'-'••¦ .•.---' .- ......
Evening service, .7:45 o'clock — . ¦•• .
Hymn 230 .:...... .."O Day of Resurrection"
Anthem, "From'Egypfs Bondage"...: Page
! '\ Prayer/ . - J • , - . ,
Anthem, "Behold .the King":.........!.. .Davis
• •¦¦ ¦ - Scripture reading. - -. ".. ..
Offertory. '.'Resurrection" '....-. Shelley
¦s Miss Lena Hachmeister. --, .
Hymn 253 '......I.:.... .;.....:..........
Sermon , — ...."Speed. the. Joyful News"
ftl '• : -Dr. 'S. : D.-Hutsinpiller.< ' .¦'¦-.- '»
Solo, "Hosanna'!..... :..-...: Robert Lloyd
Hymn ...:........•....¦.;..:....-..¦..'.¦:¦.•....-..¦..¦..:..•...
Grand, organ, postlude.' -"Flambeau"... ...Clark
• > . Miss Edith Adams. ...
! FIRST UNITARIAN. "CHURCH— Southwest
corner of Geary- and Franklin; streets. Rev.
Eradford Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins,
minister r emeritus ;" Charles 'A. • Murdock. ¦ su
perintendent of Sunday school.-- - - •*.
¦ •¦'¦'¦ Sunday school at '10 o'clock. .
Morning service at 11 o'clock. Rev.; Mr. Lea vitt
will preach.. Special. Easter music, by
double quartet choir,' assisted by the Mi
net ti: string quartet., •'• • '.
Organ prelude ". T :. . . . .Batiste
Doxology. .......¦..'..•.:.'....'.....:...':"...'..'....... - -
"Christ Our I Passover',' ...„..;..."....;.. ..Schilling
Responsive reading.......:.. Minister aftd people
Gloria ..:.'.. ......,.:..;.'.".. u .. ..¦..".*.. .r.:Mornlngton j ;
(a) "Allegro VH-o Appassionato'"..... .Smetana
(b) "Largo Sostenuto" ..:...'..:..:....... Smetana
. ' ,'Minetti Quartet.. ,- -. ; :
Scripture reading.. '.......' ,
Anthem, (a) "Eye Hath -Not Seen" (' 'Holy ',_ i
City") .........: .'-' ;./.. ......Gaul i
• (b) "LJft Up Tour Heads, O Ye Gates".. ¦•
... i...... Hopkins .
Prayer ..........:.;.."."... '¦...•.";;.".'.....-.-... : " ..- -
Response "j"....'.,..... '• — .;
"Lord's Prayer" ...-...•.."... '..:.;;....:. Mason :
"Andante Cantible," op,- 11 ...Tschaikowsky
¦:iy ----- . Minetti Quartet. •
Offertory, "God ¦ Has Appointed a Day"... Tours
Sermon ...'.'. .'....
"Aria" ' ....:....: '..•'¦ .*......"...... . .'. . .. . . .Bach
. Mlnettl Quartet.
Hymn No. -194, -"Hummel".. .'.'..'.'.'.. .'.'.'.'. .Zeunn
Benediction .....I. .....V.'. .'...:."¦...:.;.; i .
Organ, postlude.* "Hallelujah". ...."...-.. ..Handel
Church i cnoir-rMrs." J. >L. • Williams, j soprano;
Mrs. F." V. Cox, 'alto; j O. L. Llenau, tenor; ¦
Herbert E. Medley, bass. . Assisted by Mrs. R.
L. Hathorn, soprano; , S4iss ' L. Feldheim, : alto;
Robert Collier, tenor; - Dr. O. • U. : Taylor, bass.
Members of ¦ the •'• Mlnettl Quartet— G. • Minettl," :
first vlolln;' : S.-. Savannah, second violin; L.
Kowalsky, ; viola; A.. Weiss.; cello. H. Breth
erlck, organist and director. ' : -.
TRINITY ' METHOblST . : EPISCOPAL <
CHURCH, ; Market .street,": between- Sixteenth -
ind Noe. . ;.. » •.- f? •?¦ ¦ ' - '. '¦¦.-¦ - '---
The I pastor : will | preach ¦ on ," 'Easter— Why ?' ' (
A.t : 7:30 p. - m. - the . Sunday school - will * render* ]
"The • First Easter ¦ Story"' ; ' organ ¦, voluntary, s
Mrs.' L. L. Cook; opening. chorus, " 'Neath the 1
The undersigned respectfully • suggest that
for a long time the fee system of the city
and county, as by various laws and ordinances
prescribed, has not been verified or checked
off with the Auditor - and Treasurer of the
city, and although Cyril "Williams is the ex
pert of the Finance Committee of your board
it is Impossible for him with his present duties
to properly. attend, to this necessary branch of
Investigation. , , - . ¦
- The communication which persuaded the
Finance Committee to provide a snug
berth for Gordon was signed by Grand
Jurors Dunker (foreman), -Aherne, Badger.
Barry. -Danforth, Dunn. Elliott. Henry.
Howe, Kelly. Lutz, Morton,- Platshek
RamsdeJl. -*¦ Rlordan, Scbmitt. Vail an-i
Young. The communication says:
| In its report the Finance Committee rec
ommends that Gordon be appointed a?
fee expert during the months of May and
June at a salary- of $100 per month. Shoula
his services be found necessary . the ap
pointment : is to be continued I durinpr the
next fiscal year by a special provision in
the next tax budeet.
Again, there is no mentioa in the char
ter of any special clerk whose duty it
shall be to verify the fee system. .. It. Is
simply an affair between the official who
collects the fee and who Ts liable • on his
bond and the City Treasurer.
This action was taken notwithstanding
that the charter prohibits the creation of
any position not authorized by its ¦ spe
cific provisions. The svstem by 'which 'a
check is kept of' the coi'ection of fees Is
such that there is no :ieed of any one tu
supervise their collection. Daily returns
are made* to the Treasurer, who. by a
system of numbered fee : books arranged
in triplicate form, is enabled to keep a*
strict account of all- fees collected by the
Recorder, Countv Clerk, Justices' cle.rk,
Board of Public Works and other branches
of the municipal • government. These
books are distributed by the Auditor, who
keeps zealous watch over them, r
Considerable unfavorable^ criticism has
been excited by the action of the Grand
Jury in using its official fosltlon to secure
for one of its own members a position un
der the Board of Supervisors. The inquis
itorial body recently addressed 'a commu
nication to the board, in which a formal
request was made that Grand Juror Jo
Gordon be appointed a clerk to verify
the fee system whicn had been inaugur
ated under the charter. The communica
tion" was referred to the Finance Com
mittee, which will recommend at to-mor
row's meeting that the position be cre
ated and that Gordon te appointed there
to. The resolution on the subject will be
In the form of a request to the Mayor to
recommend the appointment. ¦.. ~
Grand Secures Sine
cure for,One of Its Own
lU.ClU.Ut51 £>• -
FAVORS CREATION
OF NEW POSITION
MRS. GEORGE E. MORSE,
niece of President McKinley,
yesterday received a. telegram
from, the President announcing
acceptance of an invitation to
dinner tendered by her. He
will dine with the Morses either "Wednes
day evening, May 15, or Friday evening,
May 17.' . ¦ ,
President McKinley will'not be able to
accept an invitation for a banquet at the
Union League Club during his visit to San
Francisco. He has already accepted two
Invitations for banquets, one extended by
the Ohio- Society and the other by the
citizens'- committee; -He feels that de
mands upon his time and strength made
by the programme already arranged will
not permit, greatly to his regret, accept-
It is just possible that pressing demands
° n i t £ e ,» tlme and stren & tl i of the distin
guished guest may render necessary a
cancellation of the campnre event unde?
the auspices of the Loyal Legion and- the
Grand Army of the Republic. : The pro
gramme as accepted provides for the
President s attendance at the campfire on
Friday evening. May 17. If the Morse din
ner takes place that evening the President
may be compelled to forego the pleasure
P.n m f e Hl n f - the , vetera »s in San Francisco.
Final decision in regard to this rumored
change will be made to-morrow or Tues-
ance of other Invitations of similar char
acter. . . ...... . ,,
The Union League Club desired to give a
banquet at which the President should be
in£Jih H f &uest - :„ A- beautiful invitation
inscribed on a golden plate was recently
conveyed to him. Members of the club
will regret that the President cannot ac
cept their invitation, but will be some
what consoled by the announcement that
there is likelihood that he will attend an
early afternoon Informal reception at the
PRESIDENT'S NIECE, "WHO WILL
ENTERTAIN HIS PARTY DURING
THEIR STAY HERE.
In the new building the safe deposit de
partment will be located on the base
ment floor under the banking room.
The building committee having the ar
rangements for the new building In chargo
consists of Claus Spreckels, N. D. Ride-,
out and Frederick AV. Zeile.
In order to accomplish this the ' beat
architects in the city were invited to sub
mit drawings." They were not bound by
instructions or'reauired to adhere to any
particular style of architecture. Only a
few . , suggestions . intended to facilitate
their work were . offered for their guid
ance. . Many excellent plans were offered
to the company for inspection, and those
of Alfred Pissla were finally accepted.
building to meet' the requirements of its
business and yet wished to have the struc
ture of such architectural Unilviduallty
and beauty that it would compare favora
bly with its lofty neighbors.
THE Mercantile Trust Company of
¦this-jclty is about to commence the
construction of a magmiflcent two
story safe deposit, trust and bank
-'•r-:' •; building on its property on Cali
fornia street, between the Hayward build
ing arid' the London and. San Francisco
Bank, which; will be used exclusively by
the corporation.
In selecting .plans. for. the new building
tHe company ; 'was; confronted by a.per
plexing problem. ¦ Adjoining the sight of
the proposed structure on one side is the
eleven-story Hayward building and on the
other Is the building occupied by the Lon
don and $ah, Francisco Bank, which it. is
.understopVi -wtll.4)e three
stories in. height.. The Mercantile 'Trust
.Company desires only to erect a. two-Btory
The following musical programmes, in
addition to those already published in The
Call, will be rendered in various churches
to-day:
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH-Rev. S.
. C. Sanford, rector; Esther M. Phillips, organ
ist and choir m|stress. . Programme:
Processional Hymn No. 119
Introit, "Christ Our Passover" Schilling
Communion service in E flat. ...By E. J. Eyre
"Kyrie." "Gloria Tibl," "Gratias Tibl."
"Credo," "Sursum Corda," "Sanctus,"
¦ "Benedictus qui Venit," "Agnus ,
"Gloria in-Excelsis," "Nunc Dimittls." '
Offertory anthem, "God Hath Appointed a
. Day".........'. ...'............. Tours
Recessional Hymn No. 111... v.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL. CHURCH,
corner Post and Mason streets.
MOKNING.
Introit, "Awake Thou That Sleepest''.:stainer
Anthem, "Christ Our Passover" Schlllirg
Bass solo, "I am the Resurrection and the •
Life" : ......r......,Stearn8
Offertory, "Hope of the . Ages" (soprano
solo) Liddle
• Anthem, "Crown Him Everlasting King" ".
, ¦ • '. . Warren
* : ' ¦ ¦ • ' EVENING, i -.¦'¦.".
A Knights Templar service at which Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, ¦ K. • T., will be
present.
Organ prelude, "Pilgrims' Chorus" Wagner
Anthem, ' "Christ Our Passover" ..Lloyd
Gloria Patrl — . .Chappie
Antlicm, "Xcw Is. Christ Risen" Warren
. Alto solo, "Hosanria" . . . . '. Granier
Anthem, . '"Christ Is Risen"...."..... '.Frank
Offertory. "The Resurrection" Shelley
Organ postlude, ' "Marche au Flambeaux"
Scotson Clai k '
Choir— Miss t Grace L Davis, soprano; .Mrs.
W, G. Fonda, contralto; L. A. Larsen, basso;
Samuel 1>. Mayer, organist, tenor and choir
master. , ' "
ST. MART'S CATHEDRALr-The music at
St. Mary's Cathedral Easter Sunday, at the
11 a. .m. service, will consist of • the- following
programme: '.Beethoven in C, •• "Kyrie,"
"Gloria" and' "Credo" ; Hummel's in E flat,
. "Sanctus," "Benedictus" and "Agnus Dei";
¦ offertory, Giorga's "Regina Coeli." ¦ Sopranos-
Miss Katherine Black,»Mre. E. C. Jones; altos-
Miss ; Julia Sullivan, Miss Adelaide- Birchler;
| tenors, David Manlloyd, . Robert Morrlssey;
bassos — S. J. Sandy, P. M. J. -. von der Kuhn,
Robert Burns; augmented by orchestra and
vocal chorus ;, organist, R. J. Harrison.
. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH— Solemn high ; mass
will be celebrated at 10:30 o'clock. , An aug
mented choir 'will render ¦ Ganss' mass in' D;
offertory, "Regina Coeli" (Werner); benedic
tion of the blessed sacrament . will be given
after "the high mass;; "O Salutaris" . (Fame),
solo, iMlss J. McCarthy! .-. 'Tantum . Ergo"
5* (Lamblllotte) ;'. soloists— Sonrano. Miss G. Mc-
Deimptt; alto, Miss J. : McCarthy; tenor, H.
Dinan; basso, G. Smith; organist. Miss -K.
Supple. ¦;-,• ¦•¦•'";- ' «
CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
CHURCH— . -
ijj Morning, 11 o'clock — .
* Gloria in-Excelsis Deo....... .¦...•..Congregation
"I Believe in God the Father" .'......;."
- "Praise God" ........^.... ...Chorus
- Anthem, "Hallelujah, Christ Is Rlsen^....'
a . '„".'.. ....:-...-. v ..,...;..:.;..-...... ./Tpanuee
tt ¦ .tSololst, Miss Lena Hochmeister. -/ . '"*. -
n Prayer ....;;..::.;.... •::..;:;:.;:•..'..... I:.
y Solo. "Come, See' the Place".... :. Lloyd'
0 Mrs. A. J. Fletcher. . .
a Scripture. .....:....'..'..... '. .... '. ...".'....
1 Anthem, "They Have Taken Away My- :
t Lord" .............. Mitchell.
1 Offertory, "Hosanna" ...Granier
n " * - Robert Lloyd. - ,---...¦
e Hymn 225 f. „..-
Sermon, "Gladness of Resurrection"
S Hymn 244. ..V.... .....;..•.....".......:.....":........
Organ postlude; organist. Miss Edith Adams;
a. director of music, Robert Lloyd,
r -Evening — - . ¦ .-¦ '. ¦¦ -
s Hymn 230 ,' •
_ Anthem, "Beloved the King"... Davis
Prayer ..'....'..
!j Anthem, "From Egypt's Bondage" Page
Scripture reading '......•
" Offertory, "Resurrection" .'.Shelley
* .'¦'. Miss Hochmeister. . . ¦ . :
* Hymn 259 .....;...„.
. Sermon, "Speed i the Message"
1 Solo, "Hosanna" ........ ...V..*. Granier
- Robert Lloyd. .. ¦
Hymn 1071 ....... ,.....:
Grand organ postlude. ..'.
I CALVARY AND ST JOHN'S PRESBY
TERIAN CHURCHES— •" »
Calvary Presbyterian Church will unite with
St. John's Presbyterian Church. - corner of
California and Octavia streets. - in • a union
praise service of Easter • music this even
ing, on which occasion there will be Easter
anthems and solos by the choir, • with Easter
hymns- by the congregation. Mrs. Susie Hert-.
Mark; will sing the soprano solo..
tion" by Shelley: Miss Van . Pelt, alto solo,
"Hosanna" by Granier; Herbert Williams,
"The King of Glory." by Coombs.
: The remainder of the programme willbe:
Easter anthem, "Christ Is Risen" Nichol
"Easter Tide" Malzo
"Why Seek Ye the Living Among: the
Dead ?" Nowbridge
Choir director, W. C. Campbell; choir, Mrs.
Susie Hert-Mark, soprano; Miss Isella Van
Pelt, 'alto; Hubert Williams, tenor; R. D.
Burness, organist. .
RICHMOND CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
- Corner Seventh avenue and Clement street.
Rev Philip Coombe, pastor.
Choir— Misses Alice Guthrie. Alice Bowen.,
¦ Cornelia Keep,' Margaret, Magulre. Messrs. Fred*
r:rock. .Frank Beasom. L. H. Naghel, assisted
by Miss Willie Finlay. A .
Morning. 11 o'clock— .
' Kaster anthem........ •••• ...W. F. Ladd
- . • Choir.
, Tenor solo. "The Great Beyond".... Carrington
Fred Brock. . *
Alto solo, "There Is' a Green. -Hill Far
Away" Gcunod
- Miss Willie Flnlay.
Soprano solo, "Resurrection" ..i.Holden
1 , . - Miss Cornelia R. Keep. . ;
Hymns — - :
"Welcome, Happy Morning" St.' Gertrude
Missionary hymn . . ' "The Day of Resurrection' '
Easter hymn...:.. — ............'...
"Christ the Lord Is RIsen'To-day"
"Sing With,All. the. Saints of Glory"... Harned
"I Say to • All Men • Far and Near"..Boardman
"Jesus Has Lived" .Warwick
-Evening, 7:45 o'clock— . •_
Anthem, "Golden Harps Are Sounding"....
....:...... ./.Thomas. G. Shepard
••••¦¦ choir. ?. ' .
Soprano solo .'"Come Unto Him" Gounod
¦ - - - Miss Allce-Bowen. • • -_
Contralto solo. "The Palm Trees".. H. Millard
- • Miss Willie Finlay. . .
"Your Harps, Ye Trembling Saints".. Alexander
"Behold What Wondrous Grace" Ferguson
Eventide.....:....- .."Abide With Me"
Morning theme.:...'. :.'„...'.. • —
,. "The Empty Tomb a Telescope"
Evening theme..:.'... ;,.. - ,
...."An Analogy of the Resurrection"
FIRST ENGLISH LUTHERAN CHURCH.
Geary street, near Gough— Rev. E. Nelander,
Ph. D., pastor. ' ¦ • • :
MORNING-9:45. •
Early morning service for children ;
Sermon. "The Children's Easter".:....
.The girls' vested choir will lead the
• praise in the . ritual music and : hymns,
. and will sing a number of Easter carols.
AT 11 O'CLOCK.
Regular morning service" and communion....
Sermon. "At the Open Sepulcher".... ,'
'The praise -will be led by the regular
church choir, the following - music be
- ing included in the service:. ¦
"Heaven and the Earth Declare"... Mendelssohn
"The - Choir Angelic" .' . . Hanscom
"Lord . Jesus Thou : to All" .' (The ' Redemp- v
¦ tion) ...'....":...: "•: •-'.. Gounod
Offertory, "Ever Blessed Child Rejoice" .. . . <•;,
'....... .....;.......-¦ ."..... Mendelssohn
Communion, "Bread of the World' ' .Buck
Hymns 261. 266. 322 and 329... ;,
- EVENING SERVICE— 7:30.
' ¦ Especially for young men and women.
Sermon, "In the - f Upper Room" ..........
Anthem," "Christ Is. Risen".. ......Maunder
Anthem, "I Know : That. My * Redeemer
Liveth". .:.•.•.."•••••••••••• Mee-Pattlson
Offertory, : .'.'Archangels Fold . Your Wings"
- J....". .-..:....' Marston
Hymns 261 and .114.....: ..-.:..........;....
• 'The members, of^ the choir are-: Miss
; Helene Nielsen,-: Miss ...Bertha .". Campe, . ..."
Miss' Helen Wettlg. sopranos; Miss *«
'Marian .Gumming, contralto;- ,V Robert '
".--Park," tenor; Malcolm Fraser, bass; J. C. '
.-Fyfe. "organist and- choirmaster. ...
¦ METHODIST .EPISCOPAL CHURCH, Mis
sion street, 1 between "Sixth and Seventh. • -• '
Morning service, 11 o'clock. •'; ¦ :
"Gloria • in Excelsis • Deo' '..:....-. .'. ...."...... Creed
¦-..•..-'. .--..¦ Doxology. ¦- •'-;>-,-,"
Structure and Beauty Will* Be
; Erected on ; California Street,;Between the:: Hay ward
Building and the London and San -Francisco Bank
Services of the Host Solemn and Im
pressive Character . to Be :' ¦
Held in Houses of
Worship. : : ) A;
Elaborate Programmes to Be
Rendered by Augmented \
Ohbirs; To-Day.
EASTER MUSIC
IN THE CHURCHES
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY
PLANS FOR NEW HOME
Experts Striving to Decipher
Peculiar Entries Made
by Sullivan.
Charter Bed Tape Prevents With
drawal of Deposits, Officials Be-'
ing Unwilling to Assume
• ¦ Responsibility.
Another piece of bookkeeping jugglery
was discovered yesterday in the office of
\Varrant and Bond Clerk Peery. Dan Sul
livan's retentive memory of bails deposited
Etood the office in good stead, and after
hours of quiet research it was discovered
that although the books showed that tne
entry of the bail money had been trans
ferred from the books of Department 4
to those of Department 2 the money had
been left untouched in the city treasury.
On September 5, 1900, Frank Stewart,
Ellas Frank Jones, was arrested for a fla
grant misdemeanor. He was convicted by
Judge Cabaniss the following day and
to the County Jail for five
months. After serving ten days an ap
peal was taken, and cash ball to the
amount of $125 was deposited by his at
torney. The records show that the money
was credited to Police Court 2 Instead of
Police Court L
When the experts went over the books
they found a complete history of tne case
with the exception of the deposit of the
bail money. Sullivan was appealed to by
Peery's deputies, and he fortunately re
membered the disposition of the money.
The books of the Treasurer and the
County Clerk agree that the money was
paid out in payment of his fine. After
the appeal was decided last month his
sentence cf 150 days or JIM was settled
by the substitution of his bail money, the
payment of $15 additional and a credit of
Ten days in jail. One peculiar circum
stance that is keeping the experts guess
ing is why the bail should be entered on
the register of Police Court 2 instead of
Police «_ourt 4. None of the attaches of
the warrant and bond clerk's office can
explain it, except by saying that it was
put on tne book of the other court because
they did not know to what court it right
lull y belonged.
The experts who are going over the
books find many discrepancies, "but de
cline to make public the present status of
their examinations, for the reason that
until all the entries are compared a posi
tive determination cannot be reached. The
task is a tedious one, involving a consid
erable amount of clerical worK and fig
uring. The records of the Police Depart
ment prove to lie of invaluable aid.
ine complications about the payment
out of the treasury of bail money is caus
ing no end of trouble and confusion
County Clerk Deane yesterday had court
orders representing &ji) for fines orderec
held from hail. Treasurer Brooks refused
to accept them, and advised Chief Deputy
County Clek Goddard to have the Auditoi
"O. K." them It-fore he would have tlu
money transferred from the bail fund tc
the fine fund.
CJoddard called on Auditor Wells, and
The latter refused to have anything to do
"with the matter, as he claims that bail
money, of v/hich he has no official cogniz
ance. Is practically a* special deposit. So
unless the matter is settled with the
Treasurer before the end of the \ month
the County Clerk will be technically
"phort" the amount of money In the city
treasury covered by the orders of the Po
lice Judges to transfer the money from
one fund to another. City and County
Attorney Lane has been appealed to in
order that theGordian knot in the red tape
of the municipal financial system, adopted
under the new charter, may be untied or
cut.
Writs of mandate and other legal pro
cesses are also talked about, but no one
seems prepared to furnish the ready
means by whicr. those who are entitled to
the return of their money can secure it.
Treasurer Brooks is obdurate, so are the
Police Judges, and in the meanwhile the
coin is piling up in the treasury.
Prior to the appearance of Sullivan be
fore Judge Cab'aniss yesterday morning
The latter went out to see Mayor Phelan,
to ask that a Justice of the Peace be as
signed to his department to preside over
the preliminary examination of Sullivan.
He met Secretary Fay, who after hearing
the reasons which Judge Cabanlss ad
vanced promised to lay the matter before
Mayor Phelan. Judge Cabaniss feels that
he is disqualified to sit at the hearing, as
he is an interested party, one of the
largest demands being that on which
Judge Cabaniss disputes his signature.
Sullivan appeared in court none the
•worse for his alleged Illness of the day
before. After r.n explanation from Judge
Cabaniss of his position In the case and
his visit to the Mayor's office, it was de
oided to continue the hearing of the Sul
livan case until next Wednesday, by
which time it is hoped that Mayor Phelan
will have designated a Justice of the
Peace to sit.
Members of the Grand Jury are taking
considerable interest in the matter. Fore
man Dunker and W. E. Lutz were at the
Hall of Justice yesterday and questioned
captain Seymour and the experts as to
their discoveries. An attempt will be
made to secure the names of those who
profited by Sullivan's peculations and who
are generally considered the cause of his
latest downfall.
GARBLED RECORD
OF BAIL MONEYS
PRESIDENT ACCEPTS
MORSE INVITATION
Wires From Washington That He Will
Dine With His Niece While in This
City — The Club Banquet Declined
SAN" FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, : 1901.
Pages 23 to 32
DESIGNS SUBMITTED FOR
THE MERCANTILE - TRUST
COMPANY BUILDING. *TANTOKAN" PABK— Saturday, April 6,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2254.*- FIRST RACE-^Seven furlongs; selling;
three--year-6lds; pursed $400. ¦ : ;
Index, Horse* Wt, Jockey. St: %. Str. Fin.
(2195)Eonic, 104 Dominick 2 1 % In 13
1690 Tenny Belle, 105... CCon 4 2% 22 2 1%
-2229 T. Lepping, 105..Ransch 3 4 2 3b 320
2198 G. Dewey, 100 Flynn 1 6 6 4n
2228 B.t Stone, 98. ....Murphy 6 3 3 4 4 5 n
(2236)Thornwild, 1 105..Wedrstd 5 5 % 5 1 6
Time— %, :25%; %, :50;.%, 1:02%; %, 1:28%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. A. J. Stemler & Co.'s ch.
f. by Eon-Mermaid. -Eonic the best. Tenny
Belle found route too far. Birdie Stone no ac
count. Thornwild sulked. *¦
Betting— Eonic. 7-10; Tenny Belle, 7-2; Tony
Lepping, .4; George Dewey, 300; Birdie Stone;
60; Thornwild, 25. • •.
2255." SECOND RACE— Four and a half, fur
longs; Colts' Second Trial stafaes; two-year-old
colts and geldings; purse, $1045. I
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ' %. Str. Fin.
; 2232 Corrigan, 123 .%.Domnk 1 2 1 1 n 1 3 ,
2225 E. Brattain, 118.. Turner 5 1 1 2 4 2 (T
(2239) Royalty. 115 ...O'Connor 6 6 4 % 3 1
(2237)Barklyite, 115 Ruiz 4 4 % 3 1 4 4
2225 Milas, 118 .Conley 2 5 2 5h 52 -
2232 El Bano, 115 Shields 3 3 h 6 6
Time— 3-16. :18; 5-16, :30; 4%f, . :55. Good
start. Won all out. Second and third driv
ing.. Winner, Felix Carr'sbr. c. by imp.
Sain Ada' Reese. . Corrigan took some urging
and then found it easy. .; Brattain Is fast as a
ghost. Royalty a slow beginner. Barklyite a
disappointment. Scratched— Tyranus 115, Jar
retlere d'Or 115.
Betting— Corrigan, 2-5: E. M. Brattain, 8;
Royalty, 8; Barklyite, 7; Milas, 30; El Bano,
coupled with Milas. - ¦ . .
2250. THIRD RACE— Four .and a half fur
longs; Fillies' Second Trial stakes; two-year
olds; purse, $1005. -¦.' > ;
•Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. " %. Str. Fin.
2243 Zirl, 120 Dominick 5 2 n 1 1 12
(2225)F. Pomona, 118 ..Howell 4 3 1 3 % 2 h
(1672)Doreen, 120 Turner 1 ' 5 4 5 15 3 1.
2065 Ishtar, 115 .:.. O'Connor 3 1 1' 2 n 4 2
2232 Irma A, 115.....Wedrstd 2 4*%' 4 1 5 15:
2237 Lulette, 115 .... .'.Conley 6, 6 '• ' 6 6
." Time— 3-16, :06%; 5-16, :lS%;'iY-l, :55t4. Good
start. Won first three driving: Winner, Fe
lix Carr'8 blk. f. by imp. Sain-America. Zirl
the best seasoned and a sprightly piece of rac
ing hardware. Pomona did her, best. Doreen
outfooted at start and pocketed. Ishtar a
flashy one. Irmg, A can do better. Scratched—
Sister Jeanie 118. •-¦ *j ¦:'-¦¦
Betting— Zirl, 7-2; Flora j Pomona, 7-2; . Do
reen, 1; Ishtar, 20; Irma A, %15; Lulette, 15. '
2257. FOURTH RACE— About two milea;
steeplechase; handicap; four-year-olds and. up;:
purse, $540. ¦ . > ' * ' ¦
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. ¦ St. WJ. LJ. Fin.
1692 Negligence. 6. 140. 'Worth 3 2 n 2 n In
2184 Ld. Chesffld, a, 127.Yng 7 14 1 % 2 2
2184 Periwig, a, 145..Hueston 6,3 10 3 12 3 15
2233 May Boy, 6, 142.McMahn 5 4 5 4 5 4 4
2184 Mestor, a, 130.... Peters 1 55.55 5 5 '
(2233)Granger, a," 145.... Cairns 2" 6- -~'6 " 6 -
.... Flashlight, a, 150-Taylor 4 Fell .'.. . ...,\:
2208 Favorito. 4. 127. Johnson 8 Pulled up ...-'*
Time— 3:59. Good, start. Won first three
driving. Winner, Moormead Farm's fir. h.fby,
imp. Inverness-Namonia. .Winner had tthe
speed- when It was wanted. Periwig hot rid-"
den to best advantage. May Boy ;¦¦ will shave
a turn at the bat. Granger tried to .run- out.
Flashlight broke down. .- n ' ,
¦Betting— Negligence, 20; Lord Chesterflela, r 4;
Periwig, 8-5; May Boy, 5; Mestor, ; 12; Granger,
10; Flashlight. 30; Favorito. 30. ' .?if:-.'- •
2253. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 1 a > sixteenth ;
selling; four-year-olds and up;' purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St.' %. Str.,'.Fin.
(2223)GoIdone, 4. 104.Domlnick 2 2 7 2 6 •' 1 1' =
2245 Astor, 6. 107 O'Connor 1 1 4 1 1 -.2 5
2227 Redwald. 4, 109...Conley 6 4 1 S 1 : 3 1
2246 Morinel, 6, 102...Materne 3 8 4 5' • 4 : 8 '
2247 Alicia, a, 102 Ransch 5 8 1 5 4 6^5
2220 Edgardo. 4, 107...Tho_rpe 4 5 x h 6 .'"¦ ..6; ,-..
¦Time— 1-16. :07;%. ' :'24% ; , %," ":4S% ; %, i:14%;
mile. 1:42; 1 l-16m. 1:49. Poor start. Won; first
three driving. .Winner, J. Coffey'a ' b.-'-'.lu by
imp. Goldfinch- Abalone. 'Goldone collared. and
cutgamed Astor.. Latter best at.a shorter route,
except in the mud. Redwald pulled up lame.
Morinel stale. Edgardo ran a bad "' race.
Scratched— Topmast 107. " " '¦¦•' • BiiiiSi/. -s" *' ; .
Betting— Goldone, 3; Astor. 9-10; Redwaia. 6;
Morinel, 30; Alicia, 40; Edgardo, 6.:.. icri-r ••'
2259. SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year
olds and up; purse, $400.- ¦ c>ij;>- ; .
Index, Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. v ' Strr >A Flni r
2185 The Fretter,' 5, 115. Thorp 1' 2 n - In lh
2224 Yellowtail, 4. 106.Donmk 8 13 '»4 2 4
(2222)Rosormonde, 6, llO.Conly 2 3, .'3. >3-
Time— Va. :25%; %, :«H: %, 1:14%; "mile,
l:42Vi- Poor start. Won driving. 'Winner, 'F.
J. O'Rourke's ch. h. by imp.
Winner and Yellowtail indulged in. a bumping
match at paddock. - Track not hard enough for
latter." Scratched— The Lady 1Q1.
-Betting— The Fretter, 4; Yellowtail,' 7-10;
Rosonnonde, 3. : ¦ .
Australian Star. "Wins.
LONDON, April 6.— At the first day. of
the Alexandria Park spring meeting to
day the Priory selling plate of 100 sover
eigns, for three-year-olds, one mile, with
ten entries, was won by the brown gelding
S. Bonmot. Danny. Maher, the American
jockey, rode the winner. •-' ¦¦ • .-.
The London cup handicap, 2000 sover
eign's, for three-year-olds and upward, one
and a quarter miles, was won by Spencer
Gollan's black horse, Australian Star, by
Australian Peer, out of Colours. 1 Sir E.
Vincent's bay gelding Sailor Boy III was
second and Elliott Galer's bay filly Carara
Mia got third place. Twelve horses ran
these waters of this species of fish, thus
making the one hundred and twenty
sixth variety of fish caught In this " vi
cinity.
Bass Caught at Monterey.
MONTEREY, April 6.— The first striped
bass ever taken from Monterey Bay: ¦was
caught near this place yesterday by one
of "the fishermen of the Duarte fishing
fleet. The fish is of good size. Local fish
ermen . believe that yesterday's capture' Is
the pioneer of the permanent settlement in
By T. E. MTJLHOLLA1TD.
•r< yD HAPPIER man could be found
f^k I about Tanforan track yesterday
I than Barney Schreiber, the St.
A N Louis breeder and bookmaker.
'¦' Barney had double cause for re
joicing. Corrigan, the brown s*on of Imp.
Sain, carrying 123 pounds, . bred at his
Woodlands! stud, took .the .Colts,' Second
Trial Stakes, valued at $1045, and Zirl, a
black daughter of the same sire and play
mate of Corrigan, defeated a fleet field of
misses for . the Fillies' Second Trial
Stakes, worth a gross valuation of $1005.
Both were'trained by, and ran In the name
of ex-Jockey-Felix Carr. who made his
reputation as an honest, and redoubtable
rider in the Schreiber colors., Each-stake
winner was in turn piloted by the peerless
lightweight Dominick, who distinguished
himself further.by landing two other win
ners during the afternoon. .
Despite the fierce trade'winds that
sweep the,course these spring days, .an
excellent, inning "of sport was witnessed by
a large and appreciable crowd. It origin
ally looked like a favorite card, but rac
ing is uncertain, for Corrigan and Eonic
were the only short-priced ones success
ful. Undoubtedly the saddest blow ad
ministered to tbe talent was when. The
Fretter led out the unlucky Tellowtail in
the closing event. The steeplechase fell
to Negligence, a 25 to 1 outsider. ,
Only two absentees were noted from the
Colts' Trial Stake, I .which I left Corrigan
to canter to the post a 2 to 5 choice.- ¦ Over
at' the" barrier he caused his backers some
anxiety by "displaying a tendency not to
line up. .= He broke through when the
time came and for half a mile was given
a merry chase by E. M: Brattain. Domi
nick drew his whip on the favorite and.it
worked wonders. Responding instan
taneously and catching the. Stanfield en
try, he won by three lengths in :55.' Roy
alty came from, the rear, finishing third.
Beyond question- Sister :Jeanie would
have ruled a pronounced favorite for the
filly ' stake. Unfortunately for. Walter
Jennings, she ran away* two miles while
being galloped ¦ in the morning and was
scratched. Doreen, ¦ from the Burns . &
"Waterhouse stable, then enjoyed first call
at even money, although it was her first
out in many weeks. She was outfooted
at the start and then pocketed on the
rail, losing all chance. Dominick on
Zirl rapidly overtook Ishtar, winning all
the way in :55#. Driving hard, Howell,
astride Flora Pomona, snatched the place
from the choice by a head.
Owner Ab Stemler felt confident his filly
Eonic would win- the. first event at seven
furlongs, and from even money the odds
were soon swiped to 7 to 10. Showing first
soon after the start, she experienced little
difficulty in passing Tenny Belle and won
easily. Tony Lepping ran third. Thorn
wild sulked from the start.
There was actually some semblance of
a contest to the steeplechase, resulting in
the win of Negligence, a 20 to 1 outsider,
with Worthington ' in the saddle. Lord
Chesterfield, the lightweight of the party,
took all of the obstacles in front, but
when it came; to the final sprint on the
flat Negligence had the most speed as
well as gameness. Periwig, the favorite,
was crowded on the rail the last hundred
yards, but was then "all in." Old Flash
light was started, and after displaying
some soeed early in the game -went an
awful cropper. . \ > . - - ¦
Charley Ellison's Astor had a decided
calling In the betting- on the mile and a
sixteenth selling number, his price drop
ping from 6 to 5 to 9 to 10." Breaking away
in front as usual, the gelding led to the
paddock, when he was collared and easily
beaten by Goldone. against which 4 to 1
was laid. Ttedwald, pulling up very lame,
finished In the show. ,
Sam Hildreth for some reason concluded
to -set The Lady excused from* the final
mile run, leaving a new favorite to «/e
found in Yellowtall. Captain.' HacKett's
big fellow had only to carry 106 pounds
and was plunged on at 7 to 10. Again he
cut out the running, only to be overhauled
and downed the last few strides by The
Fretter. The latter horse shouldered 115
pounds and "Ole Man" Thorpe gave him
one of his best efforts. Rosormonde iwas
the only other starter. :¦ ¦¦¦ • -." ;
Track Notes.
Much complaint was heard on all sidea
over the discontinuance of. the 4:15 train
to the city. The management should not
be so indifferent to the wants' of race
goers.
Dominick, on Tellowtail, lodged a claim
ofi foul against Thorpe, which was not al
lowed.
Charley Thorpe- was -entitled to much
credit for his splendid ride on The Fret
ter. Probably had the track been faster
Tellowtail would have been harder to
catch. :'.•".-"- . '.
Imp. Sain, the sire of Corrigan and- Zirl,
was purchased In California by Barney
Schreiber and bids fair to become one of
the sensational sires of the country. The
black horse was brought to this country
by the late Marcus Daly and through his
veins r courses the blood dearest to ¦ stu
dents'-of breeding.
¦ Dominick has certainly been the hit of
t-he California racing season, and if -in
creasing weight does not retire him from
the saddle early has a brilliant future^be
fore him. A perusal of -the Vdope" book
speaks worlds for the little fellow, for he
was always there or knocking on all kinds
and all priced horses. - . ;
A windfall in the shape of $352 50 in run
up money was added to the purse for the
fifth event.
-The second eighteen holes of the match
will be played 'next Saturday on the Oak
land ' links.- >-: ¦•-•:•-¦*-•¦-• -<
.. After the -. match several other " golfers
went round the course, amongthembeing
Captain. D. J.^Rumbaugh, TV. E. Lester
H:.A. Blackman, R. V. "Watt. S. H. BoanJ
man," Dr- Spencer, G. • H. Noble and An
drew Carrigan. -•' '¦¦':' I ¦
House-Movers' Ordinance- Void.
An . ordinance passed by the Board of
Supervisors June 25 last, No. 118, new se
ries, '"prohibiting' any person, firm or cor
poration • engaging In • the business of
house-raising, house-moving," shoring or
"holding, up'" buildings, unless qualified to
do t said ¦¦; work, and imposing a license
therefor, was declared- unconstitutional
and .void .by Judge Cook yesterday.
MISSION FEDERATION
CI/TJBS SOLJ> MEETrKTG
By-Laws Altered, - Two U"ew. Officers
tions Axe Passsd.
Elected and Numerous Resolu-
A meeting of the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs was held in the Eu
reka-Valley Club rooms, Noe ( street, last
night. President G. H.* Roundy called the
meeting to order. J. P. Tuohey, secretary
of ¦ the federation, tendered his resigna
tion, and \V. E. Dubois was elected to fill
the vacancy. • C. E. Tallmadge was elect
ed ' corresponding secretary. . -.
The by-laws of the . organization were
altered by various amendments, the
most important of which was the change
of meeting night from Saturday to Thurs
day. - - ¦ -¦•¦¦•.¦¦ "-'¦•'
A resolution was adopted' that the ex
ecutive committee appear before 'th© Su
pervisors and protest against the calling
of any. 1 special election at this time for
the Issuance of bonds. It was also re
solved that ' the executive . committee be
instructed to seek the elimination of all
fees for building permits. .
CITY GOLF TEAM
- ' . GAIN'S .A BIG TYRAp
All but One of the Local Bepresenta-
tlves Scora Against Their
Opponents.
The first half of the second home-aind
home match between teams representing
the • San Francisco f and Oakland ¦ Golf
clubs was played yesterday afternoon on
the Presidio, links, and resulted In the
city team obtaining the substanlal lead of
22 up. Owing to the absence of H. D
Plllsbury and L.' O. KellogrgT, two new
men were included in the San Francisco
team. These were H. . C. Golcher -and
Warren Gregory: The latter beat his od
ponent, Arthur Goodall, 1 up, but H. C
Golcher lost 2 down to C. P. Hubbard of
Oakland. Five of the San Francisco team
scored against their opponents, the best
score being made by S. L. Abbot Jr., who
defeated F. S. Stratton 8 up. J. W. Byrne
beat R. M. Fitzgerald 6 up and John Law
son was. 6 up against W. P. Johnson. I In
the absence of Lansing O. Kellog-g, cap
tain of the San Francisco * Golf Club
President J. W. Byrne acted as captain
P.; E. Bowles officiating In the same ca
pacity for the visitors. . The course was in
splendid- condition and the putting greens
were fast and true. . A pretty strong wind
blew during the afternoon, and somewhat,
disconcerted the visiting, team. The full
details are given below.
captured, the first of
{T ¦ ,the intercollegiate baseball games
(I •[.- from Stanford yesterday , by a
score of 9 to 6. " The contest
was waged on the Berkeley dia
mond before a large crowd of students
and their fair friends. While the game
was not of a championship order, there
were .enough, exciting plays to arouse the
pent-up enthusiasm of the rooters. The
Berkeley boys played all round the vis
itors from Palo Alto, but the poor show
ing of the latter. may be attributed to un
familiar! ty. with the grounds -across the
bay. '
Stanford made a valiant effort to secure
the victory, but: the heavy stickwork and
excellent fielding of .the blue." and gold
players won the day. Both teams labored
under a nervous strain throughout the
match. This in a way accounts for the
many' errors scored by each side. Braly
at third -for. California and Lowenthal and
Murphyiof Stanford made the glaring er
rors. Braly had hard chances, and
coupledwith them was the fact that the
ground in the vicinity of his cushion was
covered with myriads of small rocks that
made the ball bound in all directions.
Lowenthal' s errors were glaring. He
dropped two long flies, which if captured
would have cut off as many runs. Mur
phy's errors were due to eagerness and
not to poor playing, as Stanford's famous
quarterback did excellent work in the
third corner* v
When the game opened the grand stands
were filled ..with pretty girls and rooters.
The colors of both institutions of learning
were there in profusion, and lusty voiced
youths made the welkin ring with their
college cries and derisive yells. The day
was an ideal one for the national- game.
Stanford won the toss and went first to
bat. The players were retired In short
order and the ! noise ! became incessant.
Berkeley's heavy batters marched up to
the plate and lighted on Mr. Parker's
shoots with an abandon that was ap
palling. Before It became a slaughter
THIBTDSTH INFANTRY ¦
- ORDERED TO- MANILA
last Provisional Infantry Battalion
Organized Here Will Leave for
Philippines on Ohio.
The last of the provisional battalions
organized at the Presidio has received or
ders for Manila and will sail on the Ohio
on April 30. It Is now known as the first
battalion of the Thirtieth Infantry, and
is the. best drilled 'of the battalions or
ganized since the passage of the army re
organization bill. The officers to accom
pany the battalion have not yet been se
lected. Captain OrrinR. Wolfe/who has
be£n adjutant of the provisional bat
talions since the work of organizing them
began, has been detached and ordered to
Alcatraz; Island for duty and Lieutenant
Rethers, who has been in* command of one
of .the companies of the battalion, has
been ¦ assigned to ¦ duty as quartermaster
of the camp at the Presidio. ' . --
George Fall, the private in the Hospital
Corps who relieved General Shatter's
coachman of several hundred dollars, has
been apprehended - at Ogden. He will
probably be turned over to the nearest
military post for court-martial.
Edward Hessler, a civilian,' was severely
beaten near the Presidio yesterday morn
ing by three soldiers who objected to re
marks about army officers made by him.
Kennedy. If 4 13 0 4 0 0
Hamlln, cf 5 2 1 0 10 1
Gardner, lb 4 0 1 0 12 0 0
King. 2b 2 1 2 o" 1 * X 1
McKeown, rf ... . 3 1 2 0 1 0 ft
Overall, p 5 2 10 0 6 0
Totals 32 9 12 7 ZJ H 1
¦STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Murphy, 3b 5 110 4 3 3
Edwards, ea 4 10 0 2 5 1
Cowden, lb 5 1 2 0 10 0 1
Symonds. cf 4 0 110 0 1
Ball, c 3 10 14 9 0
Meisner. 2b 3 10 2 3 3 0
Lowenthal, If 3 0 0. 0 1 0 2
Brown, rf 3 12 10 0 0
Parker, p 3 • 0 0 0 0 3 S
Totals 33 C g 8 21 18 9
RCTCS AND HITS BT INNINOS,
California 31002102*— »
Bass hits 4 110 2 2 0 2 *— 13
Stanford 0 20040000-6
Base hits 100130010—6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — California 2. Two-baa* hits—
Cowden, Symonds, Hunter 2, Kennedy, Overall.
Bases on balls— California 5, Stanford 3. Struck
out— By Overall 4, by Parker L Hit by pitcher-
Smith. Bases on errors — California 4, Stan
ford 5. Wild pitch — Parker. Left on bases —
California 13. Stanford 6. Time of game — Two
hours. Umpire — Jim McDonald. Scorer^ — I* S.
Clayburgh. •....-
CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hunter, ss 4 13 13 10
Smith, c 2 0 0 0 5 0 1
Braly. 2b 3 1110 4 4
California had scored four hits and thre«
men had tagged the rubber. Stanford se
cured two in the next Inning and Berke
ley landed another tally when they came
to bat. It was in the fifth that Stanford
not only tied the score but went the blue
and gold aggregation two better. It was
a regular balloon ascension for Stanford,
and when they came to earth at the close
of the inning- the cardinal supporters were
jubilant. Their joy was short-lived, how
ever, as the Berkeley boys evened up mat
ters and clinched the game in the next
two innings.
Overall's pitching was not the best In
the world. He was steady. . but did not
warm up until near the close of the game.
Parker was extremely nervous at times
and went up in the air. When he got into
the game he pitched fairly good ball. The
fielding of Kennedy in left field and
Gardiner's playing at first were features
of the game, as was also the brilliant
catch made by Edwards at short early in
the contest. The antics of "Micky" Mc-
Keown and Kennedy on the coaching line
were irresistibly funny and were hugely
appreciated by the spectators.
Following is a detailed score of the
game: - . ,
IMPRESSIONS GATHERED BY A CALL CARICATURIST AT THE INTTETRCOLLEGIATE BASEBALL GAMS BE- .
* TWEEN THE UNIVERSITY QF CALIFORNIA AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY PLAYED ON THE BERKELEY
•; ; DIAMOND BEFORE AN ENTHUSIASTIC GATHERING OF STUDENTS.
Blue and Gold Lowers the Cardinal Colors in an Interesting
Contest at the National Game on Berkeley Diamond.
Pretty Girls and Noisy Collegians Watch the Sport
San Francisco 7, Sacramento 3.
"I'm not a lobster nor a % red dog,"
chirped Devereaux in the second Inning
as he held Pabst a few feet from the sec
ond bag, which the latter did not reach,
and was" consequently called out by the
umpire, "but I would hate to tell you
what you are."" '
; "Tell it," said Pabst, "and I'll smite
your sweet young face." Then both
raised their bodies from the dust, looked
seven years' wars and were separated
from their fistic and lingual intentions
by peaceful Mr. Q'Conriell, the umpire.
-This was the third out. Then Devereaux
came to the bat and smiled sweetly as he
lost the ball in the left garden. As he
passed the first; bag, over which Pabst
presides, the "red dog" hissed between
his teeth,; "Nasty young man."
That was the, only episode of a furious
nature in the game yesterday afternoon.
Knell was in the- box, for the Senators,
andhc. was hammered by the heavy local
swatters until, 1 the outfield was streaked
with leather.' lburg's curves were un
curled quite a few times, but tie allowed
no bunches to gather.
The^prettiest fielding work of the day
was the nipping in the bud of an attempt
ed double steal. Mclaughlin decked the
third sack,, Doyle the first. Doyle started
to purloin second, and quick as a flash
Oraham shot the ball down to Krug.
Doyle foresaw ruin and stopped midway
between the. bags andMcLaughlin began
to work homeward. .Krug then threw
to Reilly on third, bottling up McLaugh
lin, who was thrown ¦ out at -the plate.
Later in the day McHale redeemed him
self for his poor work by devouring a f<""
impossibles. Holland also showed up well
in the field. ...
_In the second and the fifth innings the
\\ asps put their stingers in Knell's curvea,
gathering in three runs on two hits in
each inning. In the seventh the Senators
came to and ordered a couple of tallies to.
be put on the sheet. After that, there was
nothing but outs. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
w.i* v ' : '»- AB " R - BH ' SB - P0 - A - E.
Hildebrand, cf ;. 6 0 2 ' 1' 2 0 0
McHale. rf 4 1 2 14 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 1 111 10
Krug, s.s. 5 2,31220
Holland If ;-.;-.; 4 0 10 5 1,0
Pabst, lb 3..1- 2 1 7. 1 0
Graham, c .....4 1 10 5.11
Kf«ly. 3b 4 0 1-0 0 5 c
Iburs. p..:..... 4 1 0-0 1 1 0
SACRAMENTO,
Totals ......".,. ..'.37 ' ~1 13 5 ; 27 12 1
- - AB. R. Bit-SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, -.s.s 5 1-2 0 2 2 1
Sheehan,-.2b ..6 1- I- 0 15 1
Eagan,.3b 4 0 3 .0 1 3 1
Courtney, cf 4 0 0-0 11 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 ¦' 0 10 0 0
McLaughlln, If...... 3 0 1 1' 4 10
Doyle, rf ....3 0 2 0 2 1 0
Ford, c 2 ¦¦' 1' 0 0 6 11
Knell, P.......A.;.... 4 0-0 0 0 2 0
Totals .... .;...'. .34. 3 9 1 27 16 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco '. .'...0 31030000—7
.Base hits 2 2.,2 12 111 1— 13
Sacramento 0 00010200—3
. Base hits ..1 1 1 12 0 2 1 0—9
SUMMARY.
1 Runs responsible toz^-Ihurg .1, Knell 3. Two
base hits— Holland, Hildebrand, Devereaux,
Graham, Krug and Sheehan. First base on
-errors^San Francisco '2/: •First base on- called
balls — San Francisco -2, Sacramento 3. Left en
bases— San Francisco 6, Sacramento 6. Struck
out— By Iburg 4, by Knell' 4. . Hit by pitcher-
Ford. Double plays— Doyle to Hanlon, Holland
to Schwartz. Passed balls—^Ford 2, Graham 1.
Wild Pitches— Knell 2. Time of game— 2 hours.
Umpire— O* Connell. ¦ Official scorer— H. S. Me-
Farlin. -.- .'->.¦, -
Oakland Again Defeated.
. LOS ANGELES,' April 6.-Oakland was
defeated again, to-day by the local, team
by a score of 10 to 4. ---Russell -.was batted
out of the box in the first inning and Bab
bitt-was substituted. Hale pitched for
Los Angeles and made a good 'impression.
It was his • first appearance 'ion the local
diamond. He kept the hits^well scattered
In all except one inning. :The work of
Oakland's infleld was weak. .Score:
LOS ANGELES.
• AB. R. BH. SH. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, • 2b 6 2 2 0 4 2 1
Hutchinson, lb 3 11 2 5 .1 0
Householder, cf....:. 4 1 .1 . 2 2 0 0
Swindells, rf .5 1 10 10 0
Spies, c 4 1 0 0 9 10
Rellly, 3b 3 1 2 0 0 4 0
Kelly, ss 3 2 1 1 2 11
Bowman, If 4 10 0 4,1 0
Hale, p 3 0.0 0 0 1 0
Totals 85 10 8. .5 27 11 . 2
" OAKLAND.
• AB. R. BH. SH. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Franks, as 3 1 10 2 13
Arrellanes, 2b 5 0 1 0 4 2 2
Strelb, lb .; 3 0 „ 0 .0 10 -1 0
Moore, 3b 5 0 10 2 '4 2
Held, If ..4 11 0 3 0 0
Mosklman, rf 3 1 1 0-2-0 0
Lohman, 0 ;... 4 0 10 2 12
Russell, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Babbitt, p ...;.. 3 1 3 0 1 3 1
Totals 34 4 t 8 0 27 12 10
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angeles .......... 4 0 10 0 2 0 0 8— 10
Oakland ......; 0 00 0 120 0 1—4
* . SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Oakland 2, Los Angeles ! 1
Three-base hits— Swindells, Babbitt. Moaklman'
Two-base hlte— Householder, Brockhoff, , Loh
man. Stolen bases-iKelly. Spies, Held, Arrel
lanes, Franks. Double plays — Bowman to
Broclthoft*. Moore to Arrellanes to Streib
Struck out— By Babbitt 1, by Hale 5. Bases
on balls-Oil Babbitt 6, off RussellL off Hale
6. Hit by. pitched • balls— Mosklman, Hutchin
son. lime of game— 2:15. Umpire— Donahue'.
Scorer — Henry. ¦ --•¦ ¦ ,-•
Local Team Unloads a Long
Series; of Hits on the
Senators' Pitcher.
/ ; • . . ¦ , •
Altercation ' Between Pabst and Dev
ereaux Ends in Torrid Talk and*
Indulgence in Fiercs Fa- . i
cial Expressions.
KNELL WAS 100
EASY FOR THEM
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS STANFORD
IN AN EXCITING BASEBALL GAME
24
After having a round dozen of short
ends thrust at them, the form players at
Union Coursing Park were given a parting
shot yesterday In the defeat of Roman
Athlete by the Australian hound. The
Chief.
Th© Pasha Kennels' top-notcher was
made a strong favorite over th© Anti
podean, 4 to 1 being the ruling price. Like
all other newcomers, The Chief had a
"rep" to sustain and so far as'th© fig
ures go was equal to the task. When the
red flag went up the stranger had the big
end of a 6 to 3 score and the pikers were
JoyfuL Despite the fact that th© win
ner was favored, his work showed that
b« has considerable ¦ cleverness in i his
make-up. Away with the advantage of
the slip and then with the hare swinging
to his favor. The Chief won out. But at
that it Is too early in bis local career to
eay In what class ne can travel.
Bisquoc has a good chance to be a con
testant in th© last course in to-day's
finals. Two weeks ago the Petaluma
hound was beaten for tiret money by P.
J. Rellly's WarBhip after a close and ex
citing go. Yesterday Sisquoc evened old
scores. When th© flag went up he had
one point to the good on his former con
queror. ¦ • - . . • ¦ -
Bona Fide Is a lively candidate and the
•winner of the Brutus-Royal Union course
In the second round will undoubtedly be
¦within reaching distance when the crowd
grcts ready to go home to dinner. Beacon
won by a narrow margin from Rollicking
Airs and tbe general opinion is that he
had. not enough to spare in his work to
warrant a backing as a stake favorite.
Mamie Pleasant beat out Rural Artist
at a good price. Erin got an unexpected
decision from Harlean Gladys. In both
events the losers were unsighted and were
beaten after joining In. Tiburon put up
a 6trong course against I'Teedom's Ban
ner and won out by a point.
Recording Angel at 7 to 1 beat Master
Lawrence pointless. She went up the
field in the lead, took the turn, followed
It out and killed, nothing was allowed
for speed. -?'.¦'*•'.• ~- 4 -
The short ends were: Mamie Pleasant
beat Rural Artist. Recording Angel beat
Master Lawrence at 7 to 1; The Chief beat
Roman Athlete at 4 to 1; Kibosh beat
Master Workman, St Michael beat Mas
ter Davenport at 7 to 2; Belle Rocket beat
I -liar. Forget- beat Lough Neagh, The
Grafter beat Greenhall, . Scottish . Chief
beat Hurricane at 2 to 1; Elver Sure beat
Daisy Clair, Erin beat Harlean Gladys,
Round About peat McKinley and Manila
beat Fine Form at 5 to 3.
The winners in the second round look to
be King- Cotton, Lawrence, Sliver Cloud,
OK Capitol, Homer Boy, Sisquoc, Repre
sentative, Wedgewood, Lady Clare, Motto,
Dewdrop, . Bona Fide, Beacon, . . Olita,
Aeneas. Sleety Mist, Flora McDonald, The
CJrafter, ilose. Santonin, Ever Sure, Rec
tor, Krin, Fiery Face, Royal Union. Game
Boy, Sir Lawrence, Log Boy.
Following are the day's results, ' with
John John Grace's official scores:
Open atake, first round — Curtis & Son's Ki
bosh beat J. Smith's Master Workman, 3-1;
Curtis & Son's King Cotton beat P. Lanigan'e
Master Buck, 8-1; H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence beat J. Dean's Warco, 15-6; George
Kharman's Black Flush a bye; C. O. Peter
con's Silver Cloud beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 4-0;
•Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat Pasha Kennels'
Ilandom Aim, 3-0; J. Hurley' • OK Capitol
beat M. Kolander'e LeRoy, 6-1; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Jewess beat G. Lennon's Half Moon,
2-15; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Sterl &
Knowles' Kor Glory, 5-3j George Sh&rman's
Ht. Ives beat R. E. de B. Lopez's The Levlte,
4-0; J. Smith's Boney Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Jlepeat Again, 6-0; 15. J. Healey's Sisquoc
beat P»J. Reilly's Warship. 4-S; Pasha Ken
nels' Belle Uocket beat H. Lynch's Lilac, 5-3;
Cheethatn. & Partln^ton's Representative beat
IT—WJll & Allen's Spiteful. 10-2; 'F. A. Mc-
Cgmb's Sir Pasha beat Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt, 6-3; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat H.
3>ynch's Lottie II, 5-1; Pasha Kennels' Round
About beat Curtis & Son's McKinley, 3-0;. D.
J. Healey's Lady Clare beat Captain Clark
eon's Headwater, 7-6; F. A. .McComb's Motto
beat Curtis & Son's Cavalier, 4-0; Gold Dust
Kennels' Forget beat P. J. Reilly's Lough
Neagh, 8-4; P. Horgan's Manila beat D. J.
HeaJey'8 Fine Form, 4-2; W. C. Glasson's
I>ewdrop beat Pasha Kennels Real Article, 5-1;
Georg;e Sharman's Chicago Boy beat F. A.
McComb's Firm Fellow, 6-3; F. A. McComb's
Bona Fide beat J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste. 4-0;
Curtis" & Son's Beacon beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs. 3-2; P. Doyle's Liberator beat
K. M. Andrews' Cov. Mac. 6-0; Sterl &
Knowles' Olita beat H. A.'Deckelman's-Snap
shot. 3-0; J. J. Keenan's Lundin Links beat
A. R. Harrison's Briar Root, -6-4; Lande &
Gerber's Concord beat Lowe & Thompson's
Little FuUerton,. 4-1; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas
beat Chtarinl Bros.' Brass Button. 19-14; D. J.
Healey's Tiburon beat Yosemlte Kennels"
Freedom's Banner, 5-4; Sterl & Knowles'.
Sleety Mist beat Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead, 5-1; Curtis & Son's Charta beat F. A
McComb's Royal Flush. 11-8; A. -Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat W ft. Hoag's Cecil M.
3-1; P. J. Rellly's Tbe Grafter beat J. Cane's
Greenhall. 5-4; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant
beat Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist. 3-2; Yosem
lte Kennels' Mose beat Aeneid Kennels Athe
na, 7-2; J. Holden's Scottish . Chief beat J.
Hurley's Hurricane, 3-0,' Chiarlnl • Bros.' - San
tonin beat Geonre McDougrall' s. Colonel 'Iiopez,
3-2; O. Zahl'g Miss Wilson beat P. Herman's
Harper, 6-0; J. jvennedy's Ever Sure beat.Rus
se!l & Allen's Daisy Claire* 4-3; Gold Dust
Kennels* St. Michael beat JV Cane's Master
Davenport. 22-4;' Lande & Gerber's Rlenzi beat
tv. Oairne's Imperial. :. 3-0; Curtis &. Son's
Ractor beat Cantain Clwkson's Golden Garter
3-2; Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat F Jones'
Harlean Gladys. 8-0; R.;E. de B." Lopez's Sara
beat r'urtls & Son's Vagrant. 5-0; Pasha Ken
nels' Fiery Face beat Gold Dust Kennels'
Sprinirback. 4-0; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West. 3-2; P. J. Rell
lyf* Royal Union beat D. J. Healey's Nicaslo,
fi-0; Curtla & Son's War Eagle beat J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince, 3-1: Star Kennels'
Game Boy beat George Sharman's Bowery
Hoy. 7-0; Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel beat
Rtar Kennels' Master Lawrence. 3-0; J. Dow
ling's Sir Lawrence beat S. Handy's Twin City
Girl. 3-2; G. Walter's The Chief beat Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete. -6-3; Connell Bros.'
Log Boy beat F. Barre's Amadee, S-S.
Sun Dovm of the Op«n Stake at
Union Park Results in Good
•Sport — Thirteen Short
Ends Land.
The Chief Outpoints Clever
Roman Athlete in a
Poor Test.
AUSTRALIAN DOG
WINS HIS COURSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, APRIIi 7,: 1901.
Gorrigan Wins the Colts' Second Trial
Stake and Zirl the Companion Event
for Fillies— Yellowtail Is Beaten
SCHREIBER COLORS
HAVE A GREAT DAY
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
San Francisco.
Up
Oakland.
Up
John Lawson...:'.. 6
B. D. Adamson... 3
S. L. Abbot Jr.... 8
J. \VV Byrne....... 6-
H. C.- Golcher..... 0
Warren Gregory... 'i
• Total ..........V. 24
W. P. Johnson 0
E. R, Folger... o
F. : S. Stratton.:.... o
R.M. Fitzgerald.. • o
C.":P. Hubbard 2
Arthur Goodall.... o
•Total '..j 2 :
San Francisco.
Up
Oakland.
Up
John Lawson...:'.. 6
B. D. Adamson... 3
S. L. Abbot Jr.... 8
J. \VV Byrne....... 6-
H. C.- Golcher..... 0
Warren Gregory... 'i
• Total ..........V. 24
W. P. Johnson 0
E. R, Folger... o
F. : S. Stratton.:.... o
R.M. Fitzgerald.. • o
C.":P. Hubbard 2
Arthur Goodall.... o
•Total '..j 2 :
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
y < In Belgium there are more than 50 000
dogs used for draft purposes. They are
mostly employed by) milkmen, peddlers
and small farmers, and a society for the
Improvement of the breed has just been
formed. .
Beooo88C9aae90»e8ae80oo9»*88o»«o««eseeeoo«ooeeooe8ee»9oooco8e«»e»e»i
j Rheumatism Cured. |
O -.::'._ /'^^K DR - McBAUGHLIN'S: ELECTRIC BELT has re- !
2 «*iicS^^3||k stored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If <
q *i3l**<^ — >v u f cd as * direct it. is a positive cure and cannot fail. It \
9 y^ ' -T^^fy'^* w®wt ~'*~*~ m ~'**'^\ Ri 7 es f hc vita U zin -^ power of electricity, without burning or (
% {• Qj^^^^l*^ *1iilL Lu-^-r _ blisterin^ to every' weakened part, developing full vijror. <
O »^^g^ re? 24 * »^?^ /^^ a \d& It- removes all .the effects of dissipation -forever. I want *
O IS&fc. '^\ Vk- \ -^zi&f every .weak man -who is not' the .'man heshorild be to use !
® V— J? V/t J^^^W m y Belt, and. when' he is cured, tell his friends of its won- |
A \^. y (-tjl^&jgar de rful effects. /My Belt is in absolute 'remedy for- Nervous <
• \~^ fflFgy^' . Debility. .^Backache, Rheumatism, Stomach, Liver -Kidney \
® \M Y- 1 " ¦*' JsBw^ and Bladder Troubles. It is arranged for women as well as \
O -^^^*'v x Vv\» r ' '/ '/^i^L^' ¦"* men. and cures ferrale weakness. It does wonders in- a few i
• ::^^^X>^^}J/^' f >^7^^'^ =::::: ' applications.' It arouses all the dormant enerjries. develops *
O . '^r^^^^Ms^^M^Sv^^' muscular and nerve life and restores 'the feeling of youth, \
• W^S^T^^^JlT'* courage and vijror. It maf.es men over asrain. It makes i
• perfect men of the puniest, weakest specimens of "half- <
S Proof of What My Belt Will Do— Chronic Rheumatism Cured. J
• ~-, J SS.* L Dear Sir: -I'miffered with chronlo lame back. for years. About uJre^mfn^^'ajlo 1 -! pm^cha«e^*one of 1
q your fcl*h-KT»4e belts, and am pleased to say that by continuous use of It I have »een completely cured. I am now aa veil as I ever 5
J wt*. I could not be better, and I hare only your belt to thank for it. Tours very truly, . GEO. M.' CURTIS. •
S - Weak Back and Kidneys Cured. - 9~k\
• «» w * « t ,„„„„. « "„ ' . . S9 Merchants' : Exchanr» Bulldlnr,- SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. > , \
a DR. M-^. McLAUGHI^ns— De«T Sir: Tour Electric Belt naa cored me at the age of 73 of weakness In back and kidneys so that '
_ I can now etoop or stand erect, dress and undress more easily than for years; It has also res'tored me to vLtor and sound health V#rv •
9 truly yours. . ,., A. C. HAMMOND. .J
5 r'nnQII \tn tinn F-f*<»*» lf Too areolose enough to call do bo.- Let me show you the^difference between my up-to-date appliance e
9 VUIISUiiaLlUII rrc »5 and old style burning Electric Belts. Let me prove to you why my Belt cures when they fall. If you 2
0 will call I will rive you a free test to show you bow It cures. ' .--.*..•• - . - " . 1
• SpeCia.1 Notice "low* *? T *hSi?*rl 1 burns> or ft >" no electricity" band which has disappointed you, bring; It In and I will , J
• Free Book^r^e'furp^^^opE^Ev^ bowmy BeIt la U8ed of letter - j
111 DR.M.C. Mclaughlin,^fs^ss^^l
! I! iiiPpii^^
¦ m\\
[ji]!!!i iljOffinfiSfip^iimi^Jg! I 11 liiiilllliiiiiliiliiilliiii;^^
BARGALSS IN SECOiND-HAND BICYCLES, $1O to 815.
SEIND FOR LIST.
LEAYITT & BILL. Igenfs, 309 Larkin Street
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Ace Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
r . _>~^ T "Wo answer, the JNTERNAL DBUGGINO TORTHUTtfii.
fc^V Questions briefly. If STOMACH. The St. Jamea .treat™??
FHV<^ ' >ou cut an artery local, direct and positive "lament i.,
/ "^^ y ° U ta 1 fe rm in y t O e U rni C ! th^S^S" 1 &$£?*&?«£££
thral ducts become eninpr the ducts and FOREVER a^"
JB\. KjJmb* weakened and re- PING DRAINS ANI> raasilOXa? 1^
ifflSljtW. Sous to'tlke'lnter: ™** Z *** ** PatleQt -SSt 8 U(l
nal treatment, VqhiaaaaIa
¦^hich must pass through the stomach V <H"lCOCeiO.
and «rine before It reaches the seat of Varlcocele Is an accumulation of .t».
disease. The seminal ducts project into pish blood in the veins of tS> ¦««?„£*
the urethral canal through the Prostate due solely to Imperfect cireul»*«^ tma J
t'reatmext 6 eas " y reaChed by LOCAL fc» t lt3 , ?Pftota£%L£g a S2g o i o 3&
TREATAii^JMi. • Prostate Gland. Operations in tHtiTVi
Dr^ Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble ease are only temporary, and no £
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever chanical device yet^discovered lha ? »£?*
remove . . a sIne i e case. Gran-Solvent htils^hJ
TT ~-*l- 1 ci • j. Prostate and restores healthy drculatloTL
Urethral Stricture vancoceie disappears an a thTrtSSS
in 15 days, vrtthout pain, injury or incon- heaYthv'red blood replaced ' W«w
«f n h? D o^ The bous'es are Inserted at Thotfsands of men strictured ireav
«Jff~T,f°™™ whlle yon 8leep - Gran " wasting and despondent wereraraTuA
solvent removes every symptom ol stric- restoied by the St. James ™«t>»S? ftflS
ture. leaving the canal as healthy as when vear A vast army" of men Irf ww, t£l
TINGVR r Di e^TIN^°NO R IVJFrTp(^ tfp& ° f Bf % WA th?? ?Jt£
roiRmTxrE^S'i^S^^l 10^ j?£ htmare ot ¦trlctor. and seminal d*.
•^^ja-as^^^s^^2Sa? *% ¦¦ ¦-
from Stricture and Its offspring, Prostatitls and Semteal Weak- ¦ Wu i £
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Biock, "Cincinnati, O.THE P.EV. CLIFTON, MACON,
THE NEW CURATE OF TRIN
ITY CHURCH.
Cooper Pleads Not Guilty.
"Sir" Harry Westwoou Cooper, alias Dr.
Ernest Moore Chadwlck, appeared in
Judge Cook's court yesterday and pleaded
not guilty to the charge of sending a false
and forged telegram to ' Miss NorJne
Schneider. Crockett The case was con
tinued till April 20 -to be. set.' Attorney
Murphy, on behalf of the defendant, en
tered , a demurrer to the information
¦which was overruled. Th'en' he moved to
strike out a part of ..the information,
which was denied, and finished up by
moving .to set aside the information
which- was also denied.
END OF NATIONAL TEAP
SHOOTING TOURNAMENT
NEW. YORK, April 6.— The ninth annual
live-birds shooting tournament at Inter
state Park was concluded late this even
ing in a drenching 1 downpour of rain and
the wind blowing half a gale.
In the Gilman-Barnes trophy contest
nine men tied with straight scores of fif
teen birds killed -each and in the Sports
men's trophy, contest there were seven
teen straight with fifteen each.- These ties
were to be shot off "miss and out," but
the weather conditions prevented this be
ing done and the men drew lots to see
who should get the trophies. -J. D. L
Morrison of St. Paul, who was the run
ner up in the Grand American yesterday
won the Gilman-Barnes trophy, and Frank
S. Parmalee of. .Omaha won the Sports
men's trophy.
Many Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, April 1 6.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the. County Clerk's office
to-day to ' the following named couples:
Valentine Dahler of Oakland, aged 40, and
Rosa Cahn.of Oakland, aged 30: Thomas
J. Silva of San Lorenzo, aged 21, and
Mary E. Ferry of San Lorenzo, aged 19-
Paul H. Scholtzhauer of Dimond. aged 40
and Verona Schlotzhauer * of Fruitvale
aged 26; John A. Linman of Oakland, aged
27. and Mary B. Cannon of.Oakland, aged
S5; John R. Fitch of Oakland, aged 24 and
Emma F. Mesow. of Berkeley, aged -19*
Everett P. Lord -of San Francisco aged
43, and Minnie E., Hart of San- Francisco
aged 38: Leopoldo Sciacque of.Oakland
aged 26, and Dominica' Zucca of Oakland
aged . 22; . Louis , J. Schultz of. Alameda
aged 23, and May Fairbanks of San Fran
cisco, aged ,19: Peter M. -Mullen- of San
Francisco, . aged 34. and Alice- Cooke "of
Berkeley, aged 34; John G. Edelen of San
Francisco, aged 49, and Hayen O. Harris
of San Francisco, aged 19; Isaac Korn of
.Oakland, aged 29, and Louisa Hauser of
Oakland,- aged. 23; David Bowen of San
Francisco, aged 30, and Margaret 'Williams
of San Francisco, aged 2i
Advertising— Angus McLeod, James Gorle and
J. A. McLeod. Music— William Mitchell. .W
Lrquhart- and Allan- McKinnon. Finance— J
."W. Cameron, F. F. Finlay and Jam^s H.> Dun
can. Pnntinir— James H. Duncan, A. McNalr
and F. F. Finlay. Flag— C. A. McPhee, George
Elder and J. W. Cameron.
Committees were appointed Friday night
at a meeting of the Caledonian Club to
prepare for the annual games to be held
at Shell Mound Park May>30 "and every
member present pledged himself to do ail
that he could to make the first games of
the century the most attractive in the
club's history. The committees appointed
are as follows: ¦ *
Caledonian Club Games.
International Local Union 125 of the
Cracker Bakers held their third, meeting
last night. With the exception of three
or four men all the takers in the city
are members. The union has nearly 100
members.
Cracker Bakers.
AlTSWEaS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦WTDBER'S DEFALCATION — Many
Citizens, City. The following query was
submitted to Auditor Asa R. Wells and
his reply follows the query: "You will
oblige a number of taxpayers If, In the
next Sunday's Query Column you will
kindly give the amount of ex-Treasurer
Vv'idber's defalcation, the amount he
failed to account for. the funds to which
it belonged and the amount of same re
turned to the city." Mr. Wells says: To
collateral inheritance tax, $13,915 51 ; Public
Administrator's deposits, $27.241 92; city
and county sundry funds, $76,242 50. Total,
5117.SS5 9". Received June 16, 1898, from
surety company. $100,000; June 21, sale of
horses, $256 85; June 2L commission from
State. $741 CO; June 24, demand on special
fee fund in favor of A. C. Widber, $26S 65.
This shows a total defalcation of $117.-
S99 97. with credits amounting to $101,265 97,
leaving a deficiency to date of $16,134 87.
The frightened animal dashed out of the
lot, dragging the boy over the ground.
The cries of the people in the vicinity at
tracted the attention of Poundmaster
Wharton. 'who spurred up his horse and
lassoed the runaway animal. Kind hards
cared for the lad and he was taken to his
home. . .'
Upon examination it was found that El
mer had' suffered severe bodily bruises.
"His front teeth were knocked out and his
face and head were in a pitiable condition.
Elmer took two horses belonging to Jeff
Powers to. graze In a lot on the corner of
Market and Thirteenth -streets. In order
to better control the animals .he tied one
of the ropes around his waist and held the
other line in h's hand. The horses became
frightened and began to run away. The'
little fellow let go of one of the animals
and grabbed hold of the rope attached to
his body. ' ,
Ell mer, Hopkins, a boy 12 years of age,
living with his parents at 40 Albert alley,
had a narrow escape from death yester
day. But for the timely presence of
Poundmaster Wharton the little fellow
would now be occupying a slab at the city
Morgue.
POUNDMASTER WHA&TON
SAVES A BOY'S LIFE
j At the meeting of the Labor Council last
night reports were received from the
Frame-workers' and Varnishers' delegates
to the effect that the council would be re
quested to boycott the firm of Sanborn,
Vail & Co. unless that firm agred to a
nine-hour workday. The employes of that
firm will strike Monday unless the-de
roand be complied with.
John Robinson and L. Moran were ad
mitted to the council as delegates from
the Journeymen Bakers' and Confection
ers' Union.
It was reported by the delegates from
the Milk Wagon Drivers' Union that, wit*
the exception of the National Dairy, all
the dairymen had agreed to abide by the
union rules. It was also reported tfcat all
the San Francisco laundries, with the ex
ception of the Hayes Valley Laundry,
were complying with the requests of the
Laundry Workers' Union.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Garden
ers' Union was held last night. Twelve
candidates were Initiated and applications
were received from as many more. The
members were addressed by P. Eicken
berger and H. G. Randall.
A boycott was declared by the council
and by the P6rtland Federated Trades
Assembly against the Weinhard and Gam
brlnus breweries of Portland and the Star
Brewery of Vancouver, Wash.
A meeting of the Laborers' Union will
be held Sunday at 1159 Mission street.
Boycott Threatened.
PREPARING THE TTTKTTrR.A-R.-y.
"WASHINGTON, April 6.— Secretary Cor
telyou is daily engaged in conferences
with Senators and Representatives and
railroad {officials regarding the itinerar y
of the President's cumins tour across th«»
continent. As near as possible Secretary
Cortelyou is trying to complete the sched
ule before the train leaves on its long
journey. The time of returning to Wash
ington will be fixed almost to the hour
before the departure, despite the fact that
the train will be away from Washington
for six weeks and will travel 12,000 miles
and go through more than half the State*
of the Union. Reports receive*! at the
White House are that the entire West is
making preparations for the trip. H. T.
Scott of the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco, where the battleship Ohio "will
be launched, is coming to Washington to
accompany . the President to California.
He also has placed his magnificent resi
dence In San Francisco at the disposal
of the President.
In Los Angeles two prominent citizens
have tendered the use of their hou3es.
While these invitations may not be ac
cepted they show tne hospitality that'i3
being offered to the President. It is not
yet known whether Attorney Oeneral
Knox will accompany the party. He had
just returned from spending the winter
in California arid may not care to return.
With the exception of Secretary Gage and
possibly Secretary Root every other Cabi
net officer will«go> Each one will transact
department business aboard the train,
just as If he was at his desk in Washing
ton. The President will bo In constant
communication with Washington and will
attend to all legislative. business. The ex
ecutive machinery of the Government
will, in fact, go alone: dally to the ac
companiment of the noise of the railroad
train.
While in "Washington State the FTesJ
dent has decided to stop at CThehalls, ths
home of the Hazzard brothers, the two
army officers who accompanied General
Funston upon the perilous journey which
effected the capture of Aguinaldo. The
President probably will make a br*ef
speech there. The proposed sail by steam
er from Duluth or Chicaso to Buffalo has
been eliminated from the itinerary owing
to the fact that the ' steamers do not be
gin to run until June lb After the trip
through the Yellowstone Park the party
will so to Salt Lake City, Utah, thence
to Denver and Colorado Springs. Two
davs will be spent at the latter dace In
order to allow time for a visit to Pike's
Peak. Stops will be/ made at Kansas City
and St. Joseph. No i extended stay will bo
made at Chicago. About two days will ba
spent at Buffalo via'ttn? the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition and Niagara Falls.
gation of the Good Samaritan Mission is
loath to part with Mr. Macon's services,
but joins in sincere congratulations for
what is considered in ecclesiastical circles
as a distinct promotion. Mr. Macon is
about 30 years of age and unmarried. He
will be ordained priest the coming June.
Strike a Rich. Xnsdge.
GRASS VALLEY, April 6.— The Buck
brotbers of Moores Flat have struck a
rich ledge In their mining property bn the
Middle Yuba, opposite the Plumbago. The
tunnel tapped a ledge three feet In thick
ness, which carries a wealth of free gold.
The ore Is so valuable that Instead of
milling it a hand-mortar is being used.
THE Cathedral Mission of the Good
Samaritan Is to lose . and Trinity
Church to gain the services of one
of the most promising of the
younger generation of Episcopal
clergymen. The Rev. Clifton Macon will
on 'Sunday next assume the curacy of
Trinity and act as assistant to Dr. t'lam
pitt. Mr. Macon is a native of Virginia
and comes of an old and distinguished
family. Until 1897 he was engaged in'ac
tive business pursuits, but yielding to a
strong, predilection for the church, he de
termined to become a clergyman. In the
same year he entered the Church Theo
logical Seminary at San Mateo, and after
three years' diligent application was or
dained deacon by Bishop Nichols in June
last. ,.
. Since October, 1899, Mr. Macon, has acted
as assistant at the Mission of the Good
Samaritan and has • rendered valuable
service. Under his charge the Sunday
school of the mission has increased both
in numbers and discipline. As a reader
of the services of the church Mr. Macon
excels, and as a preacher his sermons
are distinguished for their directness,
force and . evident ¦ sincerity, always
rhetorically correct and displaying study
and scholarship. In manner the new
curate of Trinity is true to the best tra
ditions of his native State, pleasing, cour
teous and- withal . modest. His voice is
quite adequate for the large church in
which he, is to administer. The congre-
Will Reimburse Nevada County. |
GRASS VALLEY, April 6.—For several
years past the sum of $5985 54 has been due
Nevada County from the State on account
of moneys paid by the county for orphans
and half-orphans. "Word has been re
ceivod by County Clerk F. L. Arbogast
at Nevada City.that the money will soon
be paid back from the State treasury.
£an Francisco has to-day practically no debt
end OtMt is why she has no schools, no hospi
tal, no sewer system and no proper entrance
to her park from the city. The city is rich;
her future is secure and these Improvements,
which can be acquired on a 3% per cent basis
will repay her a hundred fold if ehe makes
them.
The gentlemen of the Improvement club
think that the dollar limit is a trifling- thins
that <tan be idly set aside. It Is the bulwark
of the charter against raids on the treasury.
The charter makers required a unanimous
Board of Supervisors and the Mayor to eus
pend it and then only in case of "great neces
eity or emergency." The Board of Super
visors are not the anal Judges of a. great emer
gency cr necessity. The City Attorney has al
ready advised the board, under date of March
.£. that the charter framers. In his opinion, in
tended that the dollar limit should only be
exceeded through fire, earthquake, war or some
similar calamity.
In conclusion the Mayor says:
Mayor Phelan argues that the ad
vantage of issuing bonds is that they will
permit the completion of Improvements
lor the benefit of the people now living.
The other plan, which he calls the "in
staJlment plan," keeps an improvement
jiartially completed for a long period.
The Mayor contends that it is good busi
ness to get money at 3>4 per cent by bond
issues instead of collecting large amounts
In taxes from taxpayers, to whom the
money is worth 6 or 7 per cent. Speak
ing of the dollar limit he says:
A statement has been Issued by Mayor
Fhelan In answer to certain criticisms of
the charter, -and particularly in reply to
the petition of an improvement club that
ail improvements be made out of the t»v
levy. The Mayor states the amounts re
quired for improvements as follows:
Schools, U.400,000: sewers. $*,000,000; hospital,
J475,O<Xl; panhandle, $4,530,000.
lar Limit Fixed by the
Charter. : _v
HATOE PHELA2T FAVORS
ISSUANCE OF BONUS
Statement in Which He Defends Dol-
GRAND HOTEL.
W S Clark & w, Cal
F Watson & w, Denvr
W Schreiber & w, Cai
G F Kuhls & dau, Cal
W Jacobs, Cal
J A Walcott, Cal
K A Lott, Michigan
Mrs P Lott, Michigan
T J Phelps w, Mich
O M Clark & dau, Mch
B D.Vaughn & w, Mch
A J McCarty & w. Mo
J C Streiber, Michigan
C C Philbrook, Mich
M C Neuner, Michign
F O Evans, Des Moins
J Nelson, Leadville
S J Hinds, Fresno
E D Alvord & w, S
Norwalk; Conn
W F Lefnngwell, Colo
G Jabour. Portland
W L Cole, Keswick "
C James & w, L Ang
M H Diggs. Honolulu
M G Goss, Pasadena
E C Miller, Chgo
P M Gill. Hawaii
R H Osborn. U S N
W C Clelland. K City
F Reynolds. Fremont
E Morse, Kansas City
E Gilbert & w, Ind
C H Gilbert, Palo Alto
M H Baum, Denver
O E Smith. Salt Lake
Dr G D Marion & w,
Agnews ' |
R J Smith. Los Ang
H H Watklns. Arizona
R P Cross, Stanford
T S Gray, Stanford
J Sherman, Stanford
R II Hartley & w. Pa
Mrs A F Stevens, N J
Mrs S C Edmonds, N J
E Richards & w. Utah
F F Mulligan. N Y
S Munro, Seattle
Mrs H D Matthews,
San Jose
J K Gilchrist, S Jose
H B St Clair, Phoenix
W A Sherman, S Lake
0 T Sherman, S Lake
R M Green, Oroville
G H Huntoon, w &
dau, Moline, 111
p Campbell, Cal
J MacBain & w, Cal
A Neustadter & w, Cal
J Gardner, Cal
F G Wood. Los Ang
H Anderson, Los Ang
E W Redpath, Boston
J W Dawson, L Ang-
J Lawler. Needles
J C Thompson & w,
Guild. Ohio
Mrs L D Warren, Chgo
Mrs H E Newton, Den
H Cochran. Syracuse
W F Manna, Sacto
W D Spaar, Cal
1 R Devlin, Vallejo
E L Wilhoit, Stkton
J C Hall, Redlands
J C Kays. Ukiah
W H Lumsden, Cal
T Cunningham. Cal
Mrs C L Baum, Denvr
i A J Brown, Los Ang
G D Melone, Stkton
C N Vance, Stkton
A B Stewart, Stanford
W M Parkin, Stanford
C R Hawley, Angels
PALACE HOTEL.
w L Stewart, L Ang
1 F Sisman & w, N Y >
R Emerson, Stanford
J B Richards, N Y
W Reynolds, Cleveld
A C Bryer. Formosa
E E Manhard, L Ang
J W Cobby, London i
J Cassidy. Australia
Li V Walford. Skaguay
F Packard, Boston
Mr Barber & w. Mich
N Gorham, N Y
G Hart, New Britain
J Hayden, Omaha
M Steifel. Chicago
H Lea. China
C Blood^ood, N Y
Mrs M Lee, Colo
G B Smith, Boston
Mrs Mallory, Pa
Miss B Mallory, Pa
L E Mallory, Pa
G Crawford, Pittsburg
Mr Hand & w, Pa
Miss Hand. Pa
J Joseph & w, Sacto
E N Games & w. N Y
Mrs Llmin, NY
Miss Hough ton. N Y
J N Bey. N Y
C Branden & w, L A
A E Fowle, Boston I
H W Fobs, Palo Alto
H St Clair, Arizona
Miss Sargent, N Y
Mrs Lisle, N Y
Mrs Rector, Mont
L Jenkins, N Y
Miss Rector, Mont
C H Rector, Mont
S H Adams, Stanford
P Davis, Stanford
G McKenzie, Chicago
J A Walcott, Mich
Miss Log-gie, Cal
Miss I Loggie, Cal
G W Baxter, Denver .
Master Baxter, Denver
Miss M Baxter, Denvr
Miss K Baxter, Denvr
Miss E Baxter, Denvr
W Mead & w, Chicago
Mrs. Hopkins, Chicago
A •Lowenthall, N Y
J Jones & w. Boston
A Allordyer, Chicago
E S Barney, Chicago
C McWilliams, N Y
H Cochran, N Y
Mr Warr & w, Cal
C D Hammer, Mass
T McSorry. Mich
E H Oox, Madrid
S C Parry. Ind
G H Perry. N Dak
Mrs Wiley, M Dak
R F. Brown, N Dak
Miss Cuddy. Chicago
Mrs Welson, Chicago
C H McKevett. Cal
B L Dewey, Iowa
C Sherwood. Iowa-
E Gilbert, Iowa
A W Miller, Iowa
C P Bond, Boston
W Whitson, Boston • i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Daly, Phlla
T Rasmussen, Hdnolul
Mrs Bersrerson, Honolu
Mrs Chillberg-. Honolu
R Gordon. Honolulu
E Metcalf. Honolulu
G Mack & w, lone
J Molman & w, B C
R Schofleld. Mich
D Burns, Stockton
O Thompson, Mich
J McMoch. Angela
H K Chander. Cal
T Santee, Kansas City
M Olancey & w, Cinn
J H Bowen, N T
C R Merriam. S Jose
L A ' Goebcl, La «
W Martin & w. Ill
V C Wattles Mich
C J Griffln, L- Ang
W A Young, Lodi
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Dr. E. Bunnell. Judge J. C. B. Hebbarcl
and Theo Wores left yesterday on the
steamship Mariposa for Honolulu.
W. T. Ross returned to this city yester
day after an extended visit in Southern
California.
E. L. Wilhoit. an attorney of Stockton,
is at the Grand. ' • ,
W. H. McClintock, a mining man of. So
nora, is at the Lick.
R. M. Green, a merchant of Oroville, is
a guest at the Grand.
W. McGuire, a stockraiser of Dutch
Flat, is at the Grand.
C. B. Leveons. a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Palace. - . . ¦¦•,.
D. J. McCluskey of Sacramento is a
guest at the Occidental.
W. J. Barry, an oil man of Bakersfield,
is registered at the Lick.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa regis
tered at the Lick yesterday. ,
John J. Murphy, a merchant oi Wood
stock, is registered at the Palace.
C. H. McKevett, an extens've land own
er of Santa Rosa, is at the Palace.
W. P. Nelson, the well-known pork
packer of Chicago, is at the Palace.
L. -Grothwell. a -real estate man of
Stockton, is registered at the California.
PERSONALS.
E. H. Cox.'a banker of.Madera, Is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. D. Marvin of Agnews is a,- guest
at the Grand.
E. S. Barney, a merchant of Amador, is
at the Palace. ¦ ' -
W. R. SDalding, a lumberman of Vlsalia,
Is at theLick.: ; i:, r _• . ,/: ~; . :; "
Stan ton L. Carter, a lawyer of ¦. Fresno,
is at the Lick. • -'
Preferring Death to the Almshouse
He Shoots Himself Through
the Brain.
Wakeman Burr, nearly 70 years old, sick
and friendless, killed himself yesterday
forenoon rather than go to the Alms
house. He had been supporting himself
for some time by gathering and peddling
watercress, and among his patrons was
Miss Elliott of 2146 Sutter street. She no
ticed the old man's distress and Inquired
into his circumstances. When she sug
gested that she could have him admitted
to the Almshouse he refused to consent
at first, but finally agreed to enter that
institution if she could secure his admis
sion. Miss Elliott succeeded in getting
the necessary permission and informed
Burr that an express wagon would call
for bis baggage at 11 o'clock in the fore
noon at his room, 152a Buchanan street.
At that hour be placed the muzzle of a
cheap pistol to his right temple and pulled
the trigger, killing himself Instantly.
The expressman was late, and wh* n- he
got to the door he met the Morgue depu
ties bringing the body downstairs. As
they were placing the body in the dead
wagon Mi.ss Elliott arrived, and on being
infonr.etl what had happened she wept
out of sympathy for the lonely old man,
who preferred death to becoming a public
charge.
OLD AND FKIENDLESS
MAN KILLS HIMSELF
JAPANESE ARTISTS WHO
WILL APPEAR AT CHAN
NING AUXILIARY FETE.
ence of many ladies in gray costume an!
military officers in all the splendor of goill
braid and brass buttons.
The affair is under the direction of th^
following committee:
Miss Dunham (chairman). Mrs. Paul Good-
ALL. 6oclety is looking forward ex
pectantly to the garden party to
be given at Fort Mason, or Black
Point as it is popularly known,
on Saturday next, under the au
spices of the Ladies of the Channing
Auxiliary. No more beautiful spot couxj
be found around the bay for an occasion
of this kind— a fact that is fully appre
ciated by the ladies who have the ar
rangements for the garden party in
charge. Sheltered by the western hills
and provided by man's handiwork with
most efficient wind-breaks, with green
lavais and beds of flowers of radiant hue,
broad verandas about the barracks and
a vista of bay and ocean, far from the
noise of the city's turmoil and hustle, the
ladies have selected this idyllic place for
their annual fete.
I.Iajor General Shafter has placed the
grounds at their disposal for the day V
military band will be in attendance ami
a dancing platform will be specially
erected. Japanese dancers, a Chinese tea
house and other divertisements are prom
ised. To these will be added the pres-
Conveyances will meet guests at Van
Ness avenue and Union street and at Bay
street, at the terminus of the Hyde-street
branch of the California-street line.
Van Ness avenue; Mrs. Henry L. Van "Wyck,
.2424 Steiner street; Miss K. Beaver, 1300 Tay
lor street.
Leavitt. 3216 Jackson street; Miss Lowry, 848
loe, Miss Lowry, Miss Louise Manning and
Mrs. F. H. Wheelan.
The following ladles will act as patron
esses:
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall, president of Channing
Auxiliary; Mrs. James S. Bunnell, Mrs. Syd
ney B. Cushing, Mrs. James Denman, Mrs.
Henry Ashfield Ellis, Mrs. E. P. Farnsworth.
Mrs. Hugh J. Gallagher, Mrs. Albert Ger
bcrding, Mrs. Fannie Lent, Mrs. William H.
Mills, Mrs. William A. McKittrick, Mrs.
Thomas Masee Sr., Mrs. George A. Moore,
Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mrs. James B. Stetson, Mrs.
Robert Sherwood. Mrs. Austin Sperry, Mrs.
F. H. Wheelan, Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler.
Admission has been placed at 50 cents
and tickets may be had of any of the fol
lowing named ladies:
Mrs. O. E. Wood, Occidental Hotel; Miss
Dunham. 2600 Jackson street; Mrs. Horace
Wilson, 1330 Washington street: Mrs. Bradford
SACRAMENTO. April 6.— The last
: Legislature passed.and on March 23 Gov
ernor Gage signed, an act providing for
the appointment of policemen, with tho
powers of peace officers, to serve upon tha
premises, cars or boats of railroad anl
steamship companies. The act authoriz-s
the Governor, upon the application of any
railroad or steamboat company, to ap
point and commission during his pleasuro
persons designated by such company, on
policemen, to serve upon the premises,
cars or boats of such company. The act
declares that the company designating
such persons shall be responsible civilly
for any abuse of their authority. Every
such policeman is required when on duty
to wear in plain view a shield bearing th*
words ."Railroad Police," or "Steamboat
Police," as the case may be, and the name
of the company for which ho Is commis
sioned.
Upon the application of the Southern
Pacific Company Governor Gage late this
afternoon made the following appoint
ments of policemen:
Charles C. Crowley. San Francisco: Richard
Roche, San Francisco; Timothy Murphy, San
Francisco; Frank 1). McQuade. San Francisco;
Walter Bentcn, San Francisco; William Ahern.
Sacramento; James W. Greenlee, San Fran
cisco^ Patrick J. Klnelon. San Francisco; O.
J Meade, Bakersfleld; Miles T. Bowler, Dos
Angeles; Patrick H. Maloney, Oakland; Peter
Lewln. San Francisco; Thomas Madden, San
Krancioco; Benjamin F. True, San Francisco;
John Mahoney, Oakland; 'William - Clarkson,
Oakland; Horace Cochran, Oakland; Thoma*
H. Brown. Oakland; Jerry P. ' Morris, Saa
Francisco; Thomas W. Morris, San Franciaco;
Thomas J. Buttler, San Francisco; J. August
Kuttler. San Franciaco: Timothy Duane, Saa
Francisco; Patrick McElllgott. San Francisco;
George Gallan. San Francisco; Alex i Crow*,
San Francisco: John Dwyer. San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Their Commissions Are Made Out fat
Accordance With an Act Passed
by the Recent Legis-
Governor Appoints Peace
Officers for Southern
Pacific Service.
POLICE STARS
FOR TRAINMEN
SAN DIEGO, A^ril 6.— The Federal au
thorities here. are considerably excited by
the disclosures which have been made
through the coming to this coast of the
Chinese passengers on the Belgian King,
who have sought to land under the provi
sions of section 6 of the Chinese exclu-,
<feion act. • •
Once more it has been demonstrated that
on the other side of the Pacific the silver
coins of the United States are being: coun
terfeited and that the counterfeit coin is
finding: Its way back to this country. How
great has been the traffic in the SDurious
coin is not known, but It seems that every
one of the forty-five Mongolians who
sought a landing here was supplied with
bogus American silver with which they
had been supplied -in small amounts at
Canton or Hongkong or whatever large
city on the other side ' they started from
on their trin across the water.
; The Chinese seem innocent enough as
far as the counterfeit coin Is concerned,
and the Federal officers do not believe
that they knew It was counterfeit. It
was discovered by Customs Inspector
Hubbs, to .whom some of it was given
; by the Chinese to purchase supplies for
them while they were detained on board
the vessel. '
1 The coins are all quarters and they are
i as heavy and evidently contain as much
silver as genuine coins. They have been
passed here several times over, as it was
not until after the Mongolians had been
here several days that the money was
given to Hubbs to purchase supplies. Oth
ers had received it before Hubbs and had
passed it out to the supply men without
any question as to Its genuineness. The
coin was taken to several of the banks,
and while one or two of them pronounced
it spurious others believed that it was all
ripht. The auarters are slightly concave,
indicating that they are molded Instead
df stamped with a die.
On ¦questioning the Chinese who have
the spurious money it is found that they
simply supplied themselves with . what
they supposed was a small amount of the
coin of the country to which they were
coming in order that they might have
some money to spend for necessaries as
soon as they landed.
It is, they -say, just such coin as Is
current in circles where American money
is sometimes seen in Hongkong and
Canton, 'and none of them had any idea
that it was not genuine.
Upon the report made this afternoon
by Inspector R. J. Dunn of the Immi
gration Bureau only two of the forty
five Chinese brought here on- the Belgian
King were found to be entitled to land.
The remaining forty-three were "ordered
deported on the same steamer that
brought them. The investigation • has
lasted two weeks, and in nearly every
case it was proved tliat the certificates
presented had been purchased from mer
chants in China. A strong guard was put
in charge of those , ordered deported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the Experts in San
Diego BanksT^
Bogus American Money Manufac
tured in th.e Orient Deceives
Chinese Passengers of the
Belgian King Laden
With Counterfeit.
BRING SPURIOUS
COI N FROM CHINA
The Rev. Clifton Macon of Cathedral
: Mission of the; Good Samaritan
Will Be Dr. Glarnpitt's Assistant
CURATE IS CHOSEN
FOR TRINITY CHURCH
THE -SAN FRA1TCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBEL 7, 1901.
With Grim-Visaged Engines of War About Them, Society
People Will Revel on the Grounds of Fort Mason and
Gull Out a Holiday Afternoon With Music arid Dancing
LADES OF CHANNING AUXILIARY
PLAN NOVEL OUT-OF-DOOR PARTY
25
DIVORCE SUITS FILED.— Suits for divorce
have been filed by John C. Beck against Eliza-
beth C- Beck for desertion; Abbie ¦ Rhoades
ag-ainst .Charles /Rhoades for cruelty, and H
C. Barber afiaingt Marguerite . L. Barber f or
desertion » •,¦;
When the nerve-centers of the body are overwrought and* the
tension becomes too great the whole system is out of tune. Ths
heart is affected, circulation retarded, digestion impaired and the
general health suffers. People who are nervous, restless, irritable;
sleepless., dizzy and tired out, need just one thing^ to restore the
cervous harmony, and that one thing is Dr. Mtt^ks* Neevhjil !
v "I was prostrated «with the hoat, and after that *1
had spells ot, nervousness, headache, a smothering sensa-
tion and disturbance of theneart I tried several reme-
dies but to no purpose, 'and one day I bought a bottle of
Dr. Miles' Nervine on trial. It helped me right aviray,-
and when that was gone I bought si x more. Seven bottles
cured me." T. W. Daeeak, Portland, led.
Nourishes, fortifies and refreshes the -fteak and worn-out nerves as ; > I
nothing else can. Try. a bottle to-day. j
?--ii by Oroggists on a guarantee, . Ds. Htlf* Medical Co.", EUc&art* Ind. ]
An apple orchard In Glenwood. Iowa.
occupies 800 acres and contains 133,000
bearing trees.
p> P \/5^ re y° u one °^ those Kidney Cripples with
' JfMfjff s3f\ a wea^ back? Can't stand up erect wfth-
liliw? x/*zk ou * t nose snar P pains in small of the
• wlHtl g^f^M/^y^^% ac^» Waken up in the night with dis-
tfeSS in the kidne y s » wnic h makes you'
restIess and unabIe t0 siee P we »- You
are in danger of Bright's Disease and
should correct the trouble at once with
Th@ herbs of this wonderful
.*¦ ¦^^ffTT /#\\\Vn 'fr : remQd y act directly on the kid*
• I I /^WWW // neys and correct any disorders of
v I I II those vital organs quicker than any
% K The only certain cure for Constipation,
? I n \\ 1 / 1 / W acts without a gripCt while you sleep.
1 ? *1 S I nils Jt acts promptly and effectually but gently,
i j J'/////B without a gripe br 4 pain*
*fv^Jjk i^^gy^^^^*-^ A 100-Page Book of Stories and Anecdotes of Abraham ¦*^&isf vsale at 675 Third street from April 1« to
the »th. Contributions will be thankfully
received at the store.
A special board of inquiry of the United
States Immigration Bureau decided yes
terday to permit the landing- of Concep
clon Herrera and her two children from
Mrs. Herrera Landed.
The ladies of the Twenty Minutes Soci
ety of St. Luke's Church held an Caster
sale in the church parlors yesterday after
noon and thereby added a neat little sum
to the fund that is to be utilized in beau
tifying the church altar. Flowers, Easter
eggs and home-made cakes and candles
were on sale and were speedily disposed
of. The ladles having the sale In charge.
Easter Sale at St. Luke's.
were: Mr*. Philip Caduc, Mrs. Henry T.
Scott, Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, Mrs. Louis
Monteaglo, Mrs.- Louis Parrott, Mrs. SL
A. Belcher, Mrs. Eleanor Davenport, Mrs.
George W. Kline, Mrs. A. M. Brown, Mrs.
R. A. Heath and Mrs. : J. Q. Clark, v
Er.senada. Mrs. A. Morettl of 416*4 Her
mann street has offered to giv© the ooor
woman and her children a home. Mrs.
Hen-era has been Instructed to report
once a month to Immigrant Inspector de
la Torre In order that the bureau may bo
kept Informed as to her whereabouts.
Rev. Father Scanlan, representing the
parochial schools, held a conference .yes
terday with School Director Casserly and
Secretary George D. Wilcutt regarding the
enforcement of the pupils' half-fare ordi
nance which E-oes.Into effect on April 15.
It was agreed that the certificate entitling
the pupils to the privilege siall be signed
by the principals of the public schools and
by the head teachers of private schools.
Archbishop Riordan will furnish the rail
road companies with a complete list of
all such schools. - • - *j\
Certificates for Half -Fares.
Superintendent McLaren now has a su
perb collection of -orchids on view in the
conservatory building, and lovers of the
rare buds will find that it is well worth a
visit to the park to inspect these speci
mens of the epiphytes family. .
"The "library will be for park purposes
only," said Superintendent McLaren. "I,t
will not be a public library in
the general : sense of the term. It
will be devoted to horticultural subjects
and will be for the use of the park em
ployes and students of botany. The Idea
that the library, will have works of fiction
is erroneous."
At the next meeting of the Park Com
mission the architect will submit plans
for -the proposed park library. The, new
library will be- situated at the rear of the
park lodge and^ will, conform with the
architecture of the present- building.
"We are at present obliged to use large
quantities of water to prevent dust rising,
and the heat of the sun soon evaporates
the moisture. Dust is simply caused by
the travel, and any one who has seen the
result of using oil on roads in the south
will realize the great' benefit to be
achieved by using it in the park.
"If the experiment Is successful, as I
have every hope it will be, then we will
sprinkle all the ariveways in the park
with oil and add to the pleasure of those
who ride and drive, as well as those who
walk." •'
, As soon as the rainy season. Is over an
experiment will be. tried" in Golden. Gate'
Park to determine the 'utility "of- oil -for
sprinkling the park driveways. Superin
tendent McLaren is a firm believer! in "the
use of oil for laying dust on the roads.,
and has studied the matter carefully*. IHe^
has Inspected the work done inSquthern'
California and is enthusiastic on/the sub
ject. Superintendent McLaren said yes
terday: ¦ , .' _ ¦ ; . ¦•' -.'.!"
"We will try the use of "oil on the road
ways of the park as soon as the rainy
season is over. We will cover 'a half-mile
of driveway with oil and -give it a thor
ough test. I have seen oil used for this
purpose in Southern California, and feel
confident that we will be successful here.
We propose to use the residuum of the oil
in the same manner as It Is applied in the
south. The residium is heated In a tank,
then run into a . sprinkling cart and
sprayed over the road. Three applications
are required before the roadway, will be
free from dust.
The Pacific Coast Association. Native
Sons of Vermont, will hold 1 no meeting*ln
April. Their next entertainment and dance
will be held on the first Friday in May.
The students comcosed of members of
the junior class of the dental department
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons
will hold their last party of the season on
Thursday evening, Aoril 18, at Mission
Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero.
The Orientals have sent out Invitations
for a dance at Golden Gate Hall on Tues
day evening, April 16. " .
The members of the Rosenau Society
have arranged a grand dramatic entor
talnment and reception in aid of St. Dom
inic's Church, which will take place to
morrow evening at Golden Gate Hall.
The affair is under the direction of Miss
Julia Coffey, who Is being assisted by the
entire society.
An entertainment ani danca in aid of
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer
will be given on Saturday evening, April
13, . in Mission Hall, Seventeenth street,
near Valencia. \
The fortieth concert of the Music Teach
ers* Association will take place on Wed
nesday evening, April 10, at Byron Mauzy
Hall. The following programme has been
arranged for the occasion:
Remarks by the president: piano solo
(a) "Eolienne," (Sidney Smith); (b)- "Tam
o' Shanter," (Warren), Miss K-dna Mur
ray, pupil of E. Cruells; sons, "Good
Morning," composed 1870 (Grieg), Maria
Roeckel; piano solo, (a) "Song Without
Words" (Mendelssohn), Miss Myrtle II.
Bagnall; (b) "Rigoletto 1 ' (Verdi-Prudent),
Miss Bertha Baden, pupils of A. O. Eck
man; vocal, (a) "Elizabeth's Prayer"
(Wagner); (b) "Dorml, Dormi," Master
Arthur B. Dodge, pupil of Mrs. G. H.
Wright; . piano solo, (a) "Consolation"
(Mendelssohn); (b) "Ballade" (Burgmul
ler), Ruth Chrlstesen, pupil of H. W. Pat
rick; piano, four hands, "Rhapsodie Hon
groise" No.: 2 (Liszt). Misses Josephlno
Rahlman and Cordelia Burns pupils of E.
S. Bonelli; duet, "Upon My Bed, All
Weary" (Gutry), from "Richard Coeur do
Lion," Masters Jerry O'Connor and Harry
Maurer. pupils of Mme.- Roeckel :• piano
solo, (a) "Berceuse" (Chopin), op. 57; (b)
"Titania" (Wely), Annie Miller, pupil of
Mrs. E. Whiteside; vocal, (a) "Recall Our
Love" ; (Ethelbert Nevin); (b) ¦ "Love's
Nocturne" (Lawrence Kellie), Miss Alice
Southwood, pupil of -Mrs. G. H. Wright;
piano solo, (a) "Etude de Style" (H. Ra
vina). op. 14, No. 1; (b) "The Mill" (A.
Jensen), op. 17, No. 3, Miss Jessie Hood
pupil of Mrs. P. O. Peterson; mandolin
orchestra, "Potpourri Chimes of Norman
dy" (arranged by May), San Francisco
Conservatory Mandolin Club; piano soIj,
(a) "Intermezzo." for. left hand (Hollan
der); (b) -"Invention," two voix. No. 8
(Bach), Miss Maybelle Kelly, pupil of E.
S, Bonelli; "Rhapsodie Hongroise" No. 2
(Liszt), Miss Marie L. Chesworth, pupil
of Gustav Wedel: three duets, (a) "The
Bluebells of Scotland," (b) "Old Folks at
Hbme," (c) "The Last Rose of- Summer"
(newly arranged by Joseph Roeckel)"
Mme Ellen Coursen-Roeckel, Mile. Elena
Roeckel. ¦
The next dance of the Deux Temps will
be held at Golden Gate Hall Friday even-
Ing. April 12. - . .
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Gabriel Jacobs have re
moved to the Commercial Hotel. .
Mrs. William J. Wilson, formerly of 1512
Geary street, has moved to 2911 Bush
street, between Lyon ar>.d Central avenue.
Mrs. J. F. Logan and Miss Susie Logan
have discontinued their days at home dur
ing the summer months and are now occu
pying their summer home in Mill Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Ellhu T. Underhlll of Bos
ton, Mass., are guests of Samuel Dinsmore
and his daughters at their pleasant home
in Oakland. . .
- Miss Minnie Webster < and - Bernard J.
Joseph will receive their friends on Sun
day, April 21, between 2 and 5 o'clock
p. m. at 502 Van Ness avenue. . . .
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph L. Emanuel have
taken the cottage Heartsease in Belve
dere for thg summer month! •
In the Future.
Home Gatherings.
Mrs. William Willis gave\a delightful
dinner last Thursday evening at her
pretty home. Covers were laid for twenty.
The guests of honor were Mr. and Mrs.
Callahan of London and Superior Judge
Fuller of San' Diego. f
Miss Maude Cornish entertained a few
of her bachelor maids at her home-Thurs
day afternoon. She will leave their ranks
on the 23d of this month, when her mar
riage will take place. The. maids had a
jolly time. Those present • were: Miss.
Maude Cornish, Miss May Kincaid, Misa
Jean Peddlar, Miss Florence . Cranston,
Miss ¦ Ella Ross, Miss Anna Frese, Miss
Letitia La Rios, Miss Catherine Allen,
Mrs. Jess Patton, Miss Grace Marshall.
A surprise party was recently given to
Mrs. H. Levy by Me and* Mrs. J. Leo
pold In honor of ner seventy-second birth
«Jay at her residence, S65 Haye3 street. A
most enjoyable evening -was spent by
both old and young folks. Those present
were: Mrs. H. Levyi Mr. and Mrs. J.
Leopold, Mr. and Mrs.. J. Levy, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Berel, Mr. and Mrs. S. Solomon,
Mr. and Mrs. M..'Lemish, Mr. and Mrs.
¦H. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. I. Green, Mr. and
Mrs. \V. Bloom, Mr. and Mrs. D. Cuff,
Miss J. Levy, Miss S. Hyman, Miss S.
Levy, Miss S. Bloom, Miss F. Levy, Miss
B. Hyman, Miss S. Green, Miss L. Bloom,
L. Levy, H. Hyman, M. .Felix ¦ and M.
Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. William Haacks celebrated
the tenth anniversary of their wedding on
the evening of the 10th of March at their
home, 141 Holladay avenue. Those present
were: G. Neill, Miss Minnie Haack, Miss
Agnes Herold, Miss Ulmar Wheeler, Miss
Florence Schueneman, Miss Marjorie
Schroff , Master Carl Haack, Master Willie
Haack, Master Rudolph Haack, Master
Ch. Schroff, Master George Schroff, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Zipp, Mr. and Mrs. Schuene
man, Mr. and Mrs. C. Schroff, Mr. and
Mrs. Barduhn Mr. and Mrs. J. Schroff,
Mr. and- Mrs. H. Schroff. Mr. and Mrs. P.
Rlchert, Mrs. Margie Wheeler, Miss A.
Lynch, Miss Louise Schroff, Miss Floren
tine Schiekele, Miss Mary Schiekele, Miss
Ella Lenz, F. Walter, G. Scandond, P.
Heins, G. Sandberg, G. Folk and Henry
Schroff. "•, .. ¦
Club Parties.
Ira A. Hards, who plays the part of
the Little Minister in the Frohman pro
duction at the Columbia, was the guest of
honor at a reception held by his old uni
versity friends at a downtown cafe after
theater last Saturday night. Mr.. Hards
was a popular member ot the class of '94
at the State University, which was repre
sented by the following gentlemen: Wil
liam Denman, Clyde Laughlin, Dr. Fred
Rheinhart, Harry M. Wright, Dr. Grant
Laughlin, Richard Davenport, . G. E.
Steele, R. L. Mann, Louis Hunt, > Frank
M. Todd and Maurice Samuels, wha< acted
as toastmaster. Among others who .were
present were Fred Teggert and^ Fred
Hoar, very close personal friends for
many years of the guest of honor.
Miss Susie Logan entertained the Fin d©
Sitcle W r hist Club at her home on Thurs
day evening. Miss P. McClure and George
Forderer carried off the first -prizes and
Miss Ollie Kiefaber and Oscar Frank the
consolation prizes. The following mem
bers were present: Miss P. McCiure, Mr!
Walker, Miss Lilly Beauman; Horace
Morgan, Miss Ollie Kiefaber, Judge
Thomas F. Dunn, Miss M. I Schaffer, M."
Lindsey, Miss Alvina Wellguth, J- C.
Crooks, Miss Sue Logan, George Forderer,
Mjss Ida Wolf, Otto Collischoun, Miss F.
Holf and Walter Burner. . . ; -.. '
On Tuesday evening, April 2, a number
of young people gave a swimming party
at the Lurline baths. Those in the party
were: M. Post, Mrs. A. Hamberger, Miss
R. Hamberger, Miss C. Jorgenseh, Miss
I. Lathrop, Miss Laura Cantus, Miss E.
Stone, Miss L. Stone, Miss M. Sproul,
Miss C. Sproul, the Misses Raleigh, F. A.
; Blaskelee, T. Nolte, C. Fauher, G. Pearce,
C. Johnson and G. Post.
at the home of the bride's parents, 2423
Sutter street.. After the ceremony the
couple left for an extended trip through
Southern California-
Miss Carrie K. Nielsen and Ed Lotter
were married "Wednesday evening, March
20, at the home of the bride's parents. The
rooms were decorated* with smllax and
roses and from the center of . the bay
window a beautiful wedding bell was
hung, under which the ceremony was per
formed. "'The bride wore" a gray dress,
trimmed with chiffon, Van Dyke lace and
orange blossoms. The veil was attached
to the hair with a wreath of orange blos
?oms. A pair of diamond earrings, the
gift of the groom, were the only. jewels
worn. Miss Kate Schmidt acted as brides
maid and C. Levier was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Lotter have left for a
southern bridal tour and on their return
will make their home in this city.
A pleasant feature in connection with
the wedding jjvas the christening of the
niece of the bride, the newly wedded
couple acting as godparents. I
IN SOCIETY
ysr-wivv^ysr*-! ' TH tne Slad tidings of
/I \/f II A the Kaster bells s 0^^
/( I / 1 111 wI11 0Tlce more re sum *
I V I I V I J I Its merry rounds.
N^^-yNvzV > Easter week will see
many, happy hearts
made one. The first of
the fashionable Easter weddings will be
that of Miss Cunningham and Lieutenant
Kessler, to be celebrated at St. Luke's
Church on Wednesday evening. This even
ing Mrs. Maurice Casey will give a dinner
complimentary to Miss Cunningham, and
Lieutenant Kessler and Mfss Charlotte
Ellinwood, who Is to be Miss Cunning
ham's maid of honor. The table decora
tions will be in pink and white. Covers
will be laid for eighteen^
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Gosliner announce the
engagement of their daughter Sarah to
Henry E. Tolchard.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Levy of Oakland
announce the engagement of their daugh
ter Rose to Samuel T. Bush of this city.
Reception at 1005 Adeline street, Oakland,
on Sunday. April 28. from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Fanny Ososke, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Marcus Ososke, to Abe Goldstein.
'Wedding: Bells.
The wedding of Miss Amelia Davis and
Louis Bloch took place Sunday, March 31,
Experiment Will. Be Tried
; as Soon as Rainy Sea- ¦::
: ; son Terminates. ; t
OIL TO BE USED
FOR PARK ROADS
Customs Collector Stratton received a
leUer yesterday morning from H. A. Tay
lor, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
in response to the Collector's letter of
March 19, submitting with his approval
suggestions made by Chief Dunn, of the
Chinese Bureau for the prevention of
escapes from the Chinese detention shed
at the Mail dock, Mr. Taylor states that
Chief Dunn's suggestions • have met -with
the approval of the department and re
quests the Collector to take such steps as
may be necessary to carry the suggestions
into effect.
The proposition Is to appoint a Chinese
inspector to take charge of the detention
shed and to have authority, over the
watchmen employed there. He will be In
dividually responsible for the safe-keep
ing of Chinese immigrants and will super
vise personally the arrival and exit of the
Immigrants with a view to the preven
tion ot the practice of allowing Chinamen
to land and substituting in their place in
the detention shed some other Chinamen
who wish to return to China at the ex
pense'of the steamship company.
Eight Chinese immigrants made their
escape a few months ago through a win
dow, at the rear of the shed. A week or
two later three more escaped. The shed
Is owned and controlled by the Pacific
Half Steamship Company and is con
strued to be the deck of the vessel or ves
sels on which the immigrants arrive, and
they are held there by the company until
their applications to be landed have been
passed upon by the Collector. t
The Immigrants are watched by em
ployes of the steamship company and by
watchmen paid by the Treasury Depart
ment, but this fact does not render the
Government responsible for the safe
keeping of the Chinese. The United States
statutes impose a penalty of $500 in each
case upon masters of vessels who aid and
abet In the illegal landing of Chinese. A
recent opinion by the Solicitor ' of the
Treasury holds that where negligence is
shown, the master of the vessel (1. e.,
the steamship company) is responsible in
the sum of $500 for each escape, such
negligence being equivalent to "aiding anu
abetting." '
Collector Stratton has been ordered by
the department to ' request the United
States District Attorney to bring suit
against the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany to recover the penalty of $5500 for
the eleven Chinamen who were' allowed, to
escape from the shed. tiin •
The Collector placed the matter in the
hands of District . Attorney Woodworth
yesterday and the papers in the. suit are
being prepared. .. ':/_¦; s ,
for Damages Against Corpora
tion for Escape of Chinese From .
Stsamsiiip Company's
Shed. . ; •¦ .
Five Thousand Five Hun
dred Dollars Wanted by I
Uncle Sam.
PACIFIC MAIL
MAY BE FINED
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
Huxomage w»1i>.
.The Ladles' Aid Society of ' fh«' Ftrrt
Christian Church will ; hold a nunmua
26
For the. cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels," Kidneys. ¦ Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and . all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
br malL RADWAY & CO.. New. York. :.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect dleestlon, complete absorption ana
healthful regularity.
The managers of the plow trust are all
city farmers. ' v - . •
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
A T) VEBTTSEM.KJJ T S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr,'& Mrs, TRAVERSE,
• DERMATOLOGIST8.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkle* removed with the
electric roller.' Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ' ability to make hair- grow on
bald heads. Hours- 1 to 4 p.m. Evenings by
appointment- Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market St..
cor. 'Taylor, rooms 28-29, S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, - &0c; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Druz Co.
Ther© are approximately as many hon
aa peopU la tha country. \
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
I IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
' ALWAYS CLEANLY, WHICH
j LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
is far greater value than the finest im-
ported olive oil and h as the same flavor.
Ask your friendly grocer for it and save
good money.
; French
-' af^lTa Straight-
: *wk -tf 1 Front
C r'ADCCTC
\ V_Sn lUtipClj
1^/^jff^ Sapphire,
j M^Mh %% Ton
Syra |» » J] Royal
li-l Ji ll Worcester
i $1.00 to $15.00 a Pair.
] Csrset FVAng Parlors.
; A few pair of Sample Higrh-Grade Cor-
3 seta for sale at halt price.
j CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
, 6 GEARY ST., cor Kearny.
Woman
.^\t is iaterestedand should know ,
B^^^iWARVEL Whirling Sproy
V-vNvftii^VJ^SrfSw t'vnaud Surtwn. Beit— Saf.
4 — Mo «t Convenient.
i ri " ll aemBS *» iMUntly.
t rt four drvpclst f «r SL . V>W«fc!lg^£ *^^> —
]'hf f»r.notsnpplyih« AJ^fiSf* 11 . 1 - 'Sl?^
MARVKJL, accept no ,
o'.her. bat send stamp for Clna- xSMbSbbeI^ ""
tr.itedboot-«-kl(4. ltcirofuU V^S^MMK^
¦¦ ificulansand dirpctionslnvila Oy^iSSfSSrw
«M«tPlaii»«. lil.tRVBL CO., ®V$g£&8f
COS Mission st.. Ban Prandsco. "^ a ®* r
, ( _
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European clan. Rooms. 0O0 to SI 60 day;
15 to iS week; 16 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all nigbt. \
SKAGGS BOT SPRINGS fy^; o nfy A 4H C Es
from San Francisco: but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
v.rr.l hath In State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily.
mail and express; first -class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlb-
vron ferry at 7:39 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms,
tl a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six "years. For further lnforma-
toln address J. F. MULGREW, Skaggs, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
OXI«Y THREE HOURS' STAGIXG to the
prettiest, healthiest, most restful place In all
California. Resident physician. Every comfort
and amusement. Rates— $10 512, $14. $15 and $16
per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG 316 Mont-
gomery St., and see photographs of hotel and
surroundings. We take pleasure In writing full
particulars. Address CRAIG & WARNER.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. ; Boating,
bathlnr. bowling, tennis, livery, new walks,
etc. Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN,
proprietor. Laurel Dell, Lake County, CaL
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter b« open the
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive epeeall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL M-UXT VIEW, Ross
Valley. Marin Co. Cal.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMES.
Finest Equipped Hotel In the Etate.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMXD THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
dno. Visit this quiet little resort for
eolid comfort. For particulars apply to 8.
eTRATTON. I Eighth street.- City. <
CtEffBftOOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only JS & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler ofnee. 20 Montgomery St.,
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor,
<s*«*>fazook. Lake County, CaJL
X^('£K'1K'%r~2^X£r2nS5XBSZ2'29niVf<13IE1BAj91l>rvK
Jk3C3£M^3l^d^BiMJGBSj6Blj**IAjMttC>C4*13J(fc^fiHBMIMHSBUSJMMS^^*"'^»^BBS5fc^MB^^^^Mfc^fc^^SiaGfc^KJ*
I Operations E*™* 1 Words of Gratitude.
U A . i-_____I — — ; '-1L. i =i "Deab Mbs. Petkhah:— After my child
I _ . ¦"'/:'' " ,, ' -. . .,, j*"<£ : %&&£& s \ was born, blood poison set in, which left me
I When a physician teliB a woman suffering witn ova- with ff ranulated inflammation of the womb
I rian or womb trouble that an operation is necessary, it of and coa^ e A ated , ov ?«es. I tad suffered from
a iumjw YY^iiiu wv"^« f j > . J^^^^^^^^^m suppressed and painful menstruation from a
I COUTSe frightens her. V:. ' ' • \K F* 1 ** e doctors told me the ovaries would
I The very thought of the operating table and the knife fBB^# ye^t^a^^op^r^nTbut^^
| Strikes tenor to her heart. . ', 42/ \\ mained in.miseratle health in both body and
I And our hospitals are full of women who are there for |||r *gj 3L£Z£r*M&
H ovarian and WOmb Operations 1 i^^ov / °* the c ? m P ound ' * became entirely rid of the
j It is quite true that these troubles may, reach a stage 4mSl^gL 1 Tnl^Lf n^moSS,
I where an operation is the only resource, but such cases are j^^^^^^^^^ have been P assed perfect good health. This
1 -u 4-u ,-o «A», nw ,ll w O iir,n^c Q «1 Vwananea o rmnnf I owe entirely to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
| much rarer than is generally supposed, because a great [ mrs.f.m-knapp table com P ound."-MRs. f. m. knapp,
1 many women have been cured by Mrs. Pinkham's med- « ' 1528 Kinnickinnic Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. $
icine after the doctors had said the operation must be . „ Mm TaxaAMir . Yoar vegetable Compound has completely
I performed. cured me of the worst form of womb trouble, and made me a strong,
II -r j»a -n na * i.~_«.. < vr«%.«.«*4-«wi«t nA M » A ««<i V»ao ' ' healthy, robust woman. Before using* Lydia
I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, isu^red
m been very successful in curing ovarian troubles. In fact, $il$L with 8evere P ains m Dack and side ' headache
BJ . .-, ¦ • j -l. at.- i_~:*~ ~~.,~i. v~ ,,~~A 4.^ ..sw*.,-^ -jz£e£££s& and nervousness. Menses would sometimes
I up to th© point Where the knife must be Used to Secure JiiPlf^l °<*ur every two weeks, and once I had a se-
9 instant relief, this medicine is certain to help. Jggr^vkjfm vere hemorrha se which laste( i a month. 1 was
Bj ti : ' -l ' j i j 1 * v^ &&%&' confined to my bed and the attending physi-
Eg Ovarian troubles are easily developed from WOmD W!*<— *-*&&& cians told me I would have to undergo an oper- I
i troubles, and WOmb troubles are SO Very Common that W®l »% ation as soon as I was strong- enough. I read
H .,...,., x-u • Ti. • *S / * \[W in one of your little books several testimonials
U OVantlS IS Steadily On the increase among WOmen. It IS, , • .\ *J1 from ladies who were cured by your Compound
I nevertheless, a most serious trouble, and to recommend \ '-»¦ j W after having been told by their doctors that an
w f , _ ... • * ». « j.% 1. V — / f ¦ operation was necessary, and I made up my
a wrong treatment for it is a crime for wmen there cannot F&sz£\j mind then and t^ ere to commence taking your
H Iiq tnrt rloon o nwaltv _)l^^«or Compound. I did so and it has completely re- >/¦
1 .be tOO deep a penalty. . .: -^ -^^®^^^^ stored me to good health. I have gained twenty-
U It is, therefore, Witn IUll COnSClOUSneSS Of the SeriOUS- t^^St^^^^ two pounds since taking it and my flesh is as"
1 ness of the disease and the steady failure of other medicine |F^^H,e »arT^| g£ -^rodc.
1 to cure it, that we present for ovarian and womb trouble what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound can do, and have in-
m T-*rJit n T? T>]nir1i<im>a V«f»Afnhlfi fnmnAnTid !Lft trtA fluenced many of my friends to try it, which has proved very
i Lydia E. FmKnam S VegetaDie tompouiia as Xne ing in its results. I thank you for restoring mo to health."— ANNIE
¦ most certain to help of any medicine in the world to-day. habtley, 331 w. congress St., Chicago, m. g
1 Any person who could read the letters in Mrs. Pinkham's , ttJy^ Mi9 .p Bl^ Ain _ IfB(dlt my dnty to public the wonderful
i files at her office in Lynn, Mass., would be convinced Of help Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has been to me. I was
I the efficiency of Mrs. Hnkham's Compound; g|p -^ %^SS a lklS^^^^L^^'S^£'X
M The strongest and most grateful Statements possible necessary. Before undergoing 1 it, however, I determined to try Lydia
I to make come from women who have escaped the operat- 1^ 1 ! tKihSViKa
B ing table by the USe Of thlS medicine. Let any woman throughout the land, so that all my suffering sisters may read, and if in
I -suffering from these troubles, or anything which may de- I. , j| SK3Krt*£"S£j&££rtf£ 35
M VelOD into them, WIltQ and get Mrs. Pinkham's advice. If simgi3B&&f&k> wonderful Vegetable Compound and be cured." I
1 you'are beyond the reach of the medicine, you will be l£fcr£t£^£ ££!%&. Cn>mM
i frankly told so, but, if not, you will be fully and carefully M /*§& i
m and Vinrllv arlvi«?ed H^- Osfcr *&W "DeabMbs. Ptstkham:— I wish to send yon
1 ™ aavisea. . %egT^ M my testimonial stating the grand effect LydliE.
I The most serious of all the diseases of women, as well b Pinkham's Vegetable Compound haahad on toy
M oo +Vio miTinr illfL are nromntlv overcoma bv . \ r*_ EL health. I was suffering to such an extent from
¦ aS Uie minor 111S, are prompuy OVeroOUW UJT \^T JW ovarian trouble that my physician thought an
h . . • ¦ , . V drf A ' operation would be necessary. Your medicine
g wtmmBSgr* tST E2SmmB*Bm4Bkmv*ram $8$&bl&L^ having been recommended to me, I decided to t
LVwlM Cl WimMmMMmmmmMM & tT ? lt - After nsia S several bottles I found that
p**»^ii3i§§8lwftHl vas cure d. My system was toned up and I suf-
Hir' Jn .^-«.Ximiafjft — — , n ,» rfS^WIngvff^fflTlii fered no more with my ovaries. Your medicine is
WK£gLn£z&£RmMMB m^mMmWaSMmMuMmuOu MRS. ANNA ASTON! the greatest boon on earth to suffering women." fc
¦ W irgg*"* 9 ** 1 ?"*" "^"'""r" 9 *?**"" ¦ , tl " 11 "II —MES. ANNIE ASTON, Box 137, Troy, Mo.
4fe JjSBPSB J&tok. |HI d Af A D l"% xv Owin ? te the I 0 ** thatsome skeptical people have from time to time questioned I
2n £IZr £f ll W B n CL «Af MK LJ tt * genyn«»«a <rf the testimonial letter* w« are constantly publishln?, hava <
H* B***K a H H 1 B B ¦ 1 ." ai Wr\M y ** depoeit^ with tl» National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., «5,000. which will be p£d S
; at Tk '. JS a M m^ B to any person who eaa snow tout the above tes&moniabj are sot zenuina, or were published before obtaining th«
writers' special penniasion.--LTl)lA B. Phhham ILewcssb Co., Lynn, Mass. & jTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
27
Now is the time to figure on your Summer Vacation and to realize two things : In the first places tha necessary,
and in the second place that the outing Town Hotel or
Camp aloitir the CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY, the Pic
Satn Rafarl "Which statistics show' to
be the most healthful resort on the Pacific
Coast— !s the tdeal suburb of San Francisco,
and distant therefrom only fifteen miles. It Is
a city of pretty cottages, beautiful homes and
ir.a^fiiiflcent residences, all embowered in roses
and & wealth of foliage. Its climate is of that
delightful medium so pleasant to all. For
the accommodation of visitors this city i«sort
offers private homes, villas and elegant hotels.
The Hotel Rafael Is among the finest in the
¦\VoEt. and yields to mine in its complete mod-
ern equipment and the beauty of its grounds,
¦with winding drives, lined with trees and
shrubbery, through a iwenty-acre park. Terms:
By the day, $3 and upward, according to room;
l>y the week, U7 CO and upward. Address Hotel
.Rafael. San Rafael. Marin County. Cal. i
Mark West Spring's Are situated nine
miles from Santa ftot-a. A picturesque ride
through Santa Rosa Vadley brings the guest
to the mountain range, and when the crest is
reached Mark West Springs, resting in the
miniature valley below, present one of nature's
most beautiful pictures. The baths are nat-
urally warm and free to guests. The Mineral
f prings are Soda, Magnesia, Sulphur, Iron and
Iron and Arsenic. Thr-2* 1 trains each way daily
between San Francisco and Santa Rosa. Stage
connects regularly at Santa Rosa with the
morning train from Sati Francisco and with
the alternoon train of Saturday. Through
ticket. Postofflce and telephone. Terms: $2
per day; adults, per week. $9. $10 and $12; chil-
dren under 10 years. $6. Address Frese &
Jucreensen. America P. O.. Sonoma County,
Cal., or Charles JuergenEen. 912 Larkin Etreet,
San Frarxisco, CaL
While Snlpbnr Spring:*— Located In
the foothills, within rv. miles of Santa Rosa.
Bus meets all trains. Hotel and. cottars are
located on good elevation and command a view
of t^.e whole Santa Itota Valley. There are
abundant shade trees. Located as they are
the air is always plea&ant, no matter how hot
the day. Sulphur baths. Many improvements
have been made eince last season. Can ac-
commodate sixty. Terms: Adults. $10 to $12 per
¦week; children under 10, half-rates. Special
rates for families. Address John S. Taylor,
Santa Rosa, Sonoma County. Cal.
California Hot Springs In Sonoma
Valley, on the Sonoma branch of the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway (lessee S.F. and
N. P. Ry.). is California Hot Springs (formerly
the Asrna Caliente Springs). This spring
has been famous since early days. The hotel
there at the present time Is a large and mod-
ern building. In the improvements, however,
the old adobe was not destroyed, and the rooms
which Grant, Sherman and other noted soldiers,
used to occupy are still preserved. Warm min-
eral swimming and hot and cold tub baths.
One of the largest owimmlng tanks In Cali-
fornia. Only a couple of hours' ride from San
Francisco. Railroad station, Agua Caliente.
Two trains daily. No staging. Terms: $2 and
$2 SO per day: $12 and $14 per week. Address
Messrs. Cooper & Sbclden. proprietors, Agua
Caliente. Sonoma County, Cal.
Lytton Springs— So well and favorably
known for years— are directly on the line of
the railroad. No staging. Recently the prop-
erty changed hands, and the new owners have
spent many thousands of dollars in Improving
and beautifying the grounds. The hotel and
cottages are equipped with all modern im-
provements. The one thousand acres of land
r:se in a gradual slope from the railway sta-
tion to the hills beyond. Lytton Eprings are
both a sanitarium and a report. The waters
are Lytton California Seltzer and Lytton Gey-
eer Soda. A large swimming tank, shady
proves, winding walks and drives, croquet and
lawn tennis grounds and invigorating waters
afford rest, pleasure and health to the guests.
Postofflce and telegraph. Railroad station,
Lytton. Terms: Adults, $10 to $25 per week;
children, $7 to $14. Special rates for families.
Address William Hensley. M. D., Lytton, So-
noma Count;-, Cal.
SkAKga Hot Spring* — In the Coast
Rang-e of mountains— are 9 miles west of Gey-
ecrvllle and about 20 miles east of the coast.
A Quick Etage ride from Geyserville, on an ex-
cellent road over rolling hills, through Dry
Creek Valley (one of nature's beauty spots)
and Warm Springs Canyon, Is a delightful
feature of a visit to these eprings. No fogs,
no disagreeable winds, no mosquitoes. Hot
baths mineral springs, trout streams, excel-
lent hunting and well-wooded hills form a
most desirable combination for the health and
pleasure seeker. Baths free to guests. Through
ticket. Postoffice and telephone. Terms: $2
per day: $12 per week. Address John F. Mul-
prew, Ekaggs Hot Springs, Sonoma County,
Cal.
Dine Lakes— Eighteen miles east of
fkiah lie Blue Lakes and Laurel Dell Lake.
These lakes are nearly surrounded by high
rr-ountalns and are the most picturesque In
America. They find their counterpart in Lake
Geneva, Switzerland. At the upper lake is
Blue Lakes Hotel. Guests have the choice of
hotel or cottages. There is also a lake-house
built over the water, serving as a dance haii.
boathouse and bathing place. The temperature
of the lakes nins from C5 to 72 degrees, and
for the greater pleasure- of the guests sliding
end spring boards are provided. These lakes
have been heavily stocked with Lake Tahoe
trout Stage from Uklah. Through ticket
Terms: $2 per day; $12 per week. Address
O. Wiseman, proprietor. Mldlake P. O., Lake
County, Cal.
Laurel Dell— Joins the Blue Lakes. Its
topography is a surprise and a wonder. The
lakes are favored with a never-failing breeze.
The border of Laurel Dell Lake Is covered
v.-ith trees, whose branches find their reflec-
tion in the crystal waters beneath. Whether
beating on the lake, fishing for trout or re-
clining on the chore under the shade of mas-
tive trees one enjoys that pleasant rest which
ec relieves the mind and Invigorates the body.
Every accommodation for the comfort ana
pleasure of the bather has been provided,
even to a marine toboggan. Excellent livery
¦will be furnished at reasonable rates, so that
excursions can be made to the many points
of Interest In the vicinity, including Clear
Lake. A new hotel building and cottages
<: ruble the accommodations of previous years.
Hotel and grounds lit with gas. Stage from
Tklah. Through ticket. Terms: $1 50 to $2
per day; $8 to $14 per week. Address Edgar
fournan. proprietor. Laurel Dell P. O., Lake
County. Cal.
Saratoga Sprinjrs — Are three miles
east of Blue Lakes and Laurel Dell Lake. This
place is particularly well favored In the num-
ber and variety of Its mineral eprings. The
hotel and cottages are located In one of those
miniature valleys bo typical of the mountain-
ous sections of California. Visitors have their
choice of water from Sulphur, Soda, Iron or
Magnesia springs. Facilities for the enjoy-
ment of mineral baths, *s well as natural-
water bathe, are of the be6t- In the vicinity
are excellent trout-streams, and In the moun-
tains round about deer ar« plentiful. Good
roads for wheelmen penetrate this entire sec-
tion. The livery Is of the best, and very rea-
sonable. On the grounds around Saratoga
Springs are many beautiful spots for camping,
and campers are most welcome. Stage from
Ukiah. Through ticket. Terms: $2 00 per day;
$12 00 per week. Address. J. Martens. Pro-
prietor. Bachelor P. O., Lake County. Cal., or
F. A. Busee. 416 Pine street, San Francisco.
Cal.
Bartlett Springs— From Hopland to
T^akeport in a etage. thence 8 miles across
Clear Lake in a fast little steamer to Bartlett
Landing, thence In a stage over hill and dale
to Bartlett Springs, arriving there In the even-
ing, affords a trip never to be forgotten for
Its changes and variety of scenery, and never
monotonous. A large hotel— capacity 200—20
pretty cottages and 2 large rooming-houses fur-
nish accommodations for the regular guests.
In addition, there are 100 cottages, at a small
weekly rental, for parties who wish to do their
own housekeeping. A large 6wlmmlng tank
£0x20. Stage from Hopland. Through ticket.
Terms: From 110 00 to $15 00 per week; cot-
tages for housekeeping. $2 00 to $6 00 per week.
Address Bartlett Springs. Lake County, CaL.
or Bartlett Springs Company, No. 2 Sutter
street. Ban Francisco. CaL
Carlsbad Sprints— Are located In the
central part of Lake County, In full view of
Clear Lake Elevation. 2000 feet. A mountain-
trout stream runs within a hundred feet of the
hotel. There are 20 mineral eprings. "The
Eprings" property of over 1000 acres is covered
vith pine and redwood trees, end the sur-
rounding mountains abound In all kinds of
came. Boating and bathing. Hotel and
grounds are illuminated by gas. Can accom-
modate "00. Stage from Hopland. Through
ticket. Adults. $8 -00 and $10 00 per week;
children, half -rates; special rates for families.
Address W. R. McGovem. Carlsbad Springs.
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
Soda Day— A Snr miles beyond Highland
Springs, and reached by etage. is Soda Bay,
a resort on Clear Lake, a counterpart of Lake
Chautauqua, New York. The grounds of the
>o».el hav; a shore margin of two miles. Large
tlve-oak. "pine and manzanita trees afford a
bountiful shade. On the beach there Is ex-
cellent bathing. In an alcove of the lake,
at the bottom. Is a Soda Spring, called the
Great Springs, or Omar-Ach-Hab-Pee, It
gushes out of the earth below with great force,
flowing fully a million gallons daily of de-
licious effervescent *eoda water. Over this
rpring is a bathhouse, affording every oppor-
tunity for bathing In this exhilarating water.
Boating and sailing on the lake. Terms: $8 00
to 510 00 end upward per week. Through ticket.
Address H. ll De Nio, Kelseyville, Lake
Cour.ty. Cal. , '•'.:' • ¦¦: '
Vichy Springs There are a number of
«I>rlnga at this place, but the principal one
Is the _Vichy Spring. The flow of water is
eo abundant and the tubs bo arranged that
during the bath the bather lies in the tub.
enjoying a constant stream of' water direct from
the spring. The water is heavily charged with
gas and electricity, and its exhilarating: effects
naturally lead to the affectionate term, "cham-
pagne bath." The Ardeche Spring. largely
charred with borax, is a water of exceeding
eoltness. Its effect on the complexion and
skin is such that the bath is familiarly known
as the "beauty bath." The grounds around
Vichy comprise about 1000 acres. Ukiah, a
thriving town, and the terminus of the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway (less S. F. & "N.
P. Ry). is only 3 miles distant. Stage from
fkiah. Through ticket. Terms: $2 50 per <lay;
fl2 00 to $14 00 per week. Address J. A. Rede-
ir.eyer, \ ichy Springs. Mendocino County, Cal.
The Geysers A" great variety of min-
eral waters. Hot mineral - baths. A tepid
swimming lake of mineral waters. Large and
Bmall game In abundance.' Mountain streams
full/ of trout- Well-equipped burros for as-
cen'ding Geyser Peak and- Cobb Mountain and
to (visit the celebrated "Indian Spring." where
Edwin Forrest camped in the early '50's and
wis completely cured of a serious rheumatic
cotaplalnt Accommodations for campers.
Dally etage to and from Cloverdale. Through
ticket. Leave Tiburon Ferry, San Francisco,
for Cloverdale 7:30 a. m.. via California North-
western Railway, arriving at Geysers 3:30 p. m.
Terms: $2 50 per day; $12 00 and $14 00 per
week. Address I. Wertheimer, The Geysers,
Sonoma County. Cal.
• ¦ Dnncan Spring;* One mile from Hop-
land station are Duncan Springs, and a stage
meets every train. Through ticket. The hotel
is on quite an elevation, and overlooks the
valley below. Mineral* springs are numerous,
but a Magnesia and a Soda spring are the
principal ones. The latter pours out from the
mountain side. In a canyon. The hotel Is large
and cemmodious and the surroundings are
charming. The climate is of that delightful
softness bo • beneficial I to those afflicted with
asthmatic or throat troubles. Terms: $2 00 per
day. or $10 00 per week. Address O. Howell,
Proprietor, Duncan Springs, Sonoma County.
CaL ,.
Highland Springs — From the railroad
station at Hopland. 12 miles of staging over
the best mountain road on the Pacific Coast
take you to Highland Springs. Clear Lake is
contiguous. Over thirty kinds, of mineral
springs, a resident physician in attendance,
superb climate, beautiful mountain, scenery,
fine trout streams, deer and small game plen-
tiful, magnificent drives through the mountains,
and unrivaled mineral water baths, make this
an ideal resort. Large swimming tank. Stage
from Hopland. Through ticket Terms: $1 50
to $2 50 per day. or $10 00 to $16 00 per week.
Address Craig and Warner, managers. High-
land Springs, Lake County, Cal.. or Lee D.
Craig, 316 Montgomery street, San Francisco,
Cal- ' (^
Orr'a Hot Sprincs— Fourteen miles
west of Ukiah, toward the coast, are Orr's
Hot Eprings. Here the water, at a tempera-
ture of 106 degrees, comes out ¦ of the solid
rock. The situation of Orr's Springs is most
picturesque, being right -In the midst of the
redwoods and surrounded by high mountains.
Fishing is excellent In the mountain streams,
and game of all kinds is plentiful. Orr's Hot
Springs have been known for years for their
efficacy in cases of rheumatism. In. the early
jjays the Indians resorted to these Hot Springs
on account of their curative qualities. Stage
from Ukiah. Through 'ticket. Terms: $7 00
to $9 00 per week; children under 12, half rates.
Address W. J. McClelland, Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino County, Cal.
FARM AND TOWN HOMES.
New England Villa, San Rafael— Short
distance from depot California Northwestern
Railway (broad gauge). Means of transfer, om-
nibus. Hotel cottages situated In the midst of
trees and flowering plants. . Can accommodate
100. Adults, $7 00 to $8 00 per week; children
under 10, half rates; special rates for families.
Address M. O. Connor. San Rafael. Cal.
Live Oak Villa, San Rafael— Means of
transfer, omnibus. A few blocks from depot
California Northwestern Railway (broad gauge).
Plenty of shade. Flowering plants. Can ac-
commodate 25. Adults, $S 00 per week; children,
half rates. Address Mrs. M. Obitz. San Rafael.
Walker'B, San Rafael— Block and a half
from depot California Northwestern Railway
(broad gauge). Means of transfer, omnibus.
Rooms by the month. No table, but would fur-
nish breakfast. Address Mrs. M. B. Walker,
San Rafael. Cal..
MeGreevy's, San Rafael— One block from
depot California Northwestern Railway (broad
gauge). Adults. $7 00 per week. Address Mrs.
R. McGreevey, P. O. box 525, San Rafael, Cal.
Barker's, San Rafael— Short distance from
depot California Northwestern Railway ¦ (broad
gauge). Means of transfer, omnibus. Can ac-
commodate 4, with board. Rooms without board.
Address Mrs. A. H. Barker, San Rafael, Cal.
Kaddeman's, San Rafael— Two blocks
from depot California Northwestern Railway
(broad gauge), near Hotel Rafael. Address Mrs.
J. Kaddeman. San Rafael, Cal.
The Cypress Villa, San Rafael— Means
of transfer, omnibus. First-class family hotel.
Address Cypress Villa, San Rafael. Cal.
The Jordan Honse, San Rafael— Means
of transfer, omnibus. Fine grounds. Beautiful
view. First-class family boarding-house. Ad-
dress Mrs. J. F. Jordan, San Rafael, Cal.
Zeller's, Novato— Mile and a half from
town. Will meet guests. Fishing; drives free.
Can accommodate 2. Adults,- $5 00 per week.
Address Mrs. John Zeller, Novato, Marin Coun-
ty, Cal.
Boscha's, Novato— In suburbs. Will meet
guests. Country cottage. Can accommodate .10.
Adults," $7 00 per week. Address Mrs. A. B.
Boscha, P. • O. box 16, Novato, ¦ Marin County,
Cal.- '¦-;¦ . ¦ -'I' ; '- : ;-' v ;- { ' -¦' :'¦
The -Tavern, Novato— Family hotel. Will
meet guests. Near salt-water bathing. Grove
adjacent. Can accommodate 15. Adults, $6 00
per week; children under 9, half rates; special
rates for families. Address Messrs. D. L. &
M. J. Hayden, Novato, Marin County, Cal.
Rose's, Novato— Will meet ! guests. Boat-
Ing, fishing, hunting and bathing. Can accom-
modate 12. Adults, $6 00 per week; children, half
rates; special rates for families. Address W. T.
Rose, Novato, Marin County, Cal.
Whitlatch's, Corona— Mile and a third
from Corona station. Will meet guests. Quiet
country home. .•'Daily mail, 11 a. m. ; rural de-
livery. Can accommodate 4. -Adults, $6 00 per
week; children under 10, half rates. Address D.
F. Whitlatch, Petaluma, Sonoma County, Cal.
Pine Grove, Petaluma— In the suburbs.
Grovnds, 2 acres. Grove of pine trees. Can ac-
commodate 4 families, without - board. Two
houses. Rent, $10 00 to $20 00 per month. Ad-
dress Mrs. S. Brown, P. O. box 272, Fetaiuma,
Sonoma County, CaL
Judge Thompson's Orchard Home,
Fetaiuma — Will meet guests. Fine old shady
grove and lawns about the house. Unlimited
amount of every variety of fruit. Can ac-
commodate 8. Adults, $8 per week; special
lates for families. Address L. E. Thompson,
I-etaluma, Sonoma County. Cal.
Dillon's, Petaluma — Nice . house, with
pleasant surroundings. Will meet guests at
train. Can accommodate 10. Adults. $7 per
week. Address Mrs. C. H. Dillon, Petaluma.
Sonoma County, Cal.
Peters', Petaluma; — Three and a half miles
northeast of town. A pleasant home in the
country. Will meet guests. Fruit ranch. Can
accommodate 6. Adults, $5 per week. Ad-
dress Mrs. Eleanor Peters, P. O. box 457, Peta-
luma, Sonoma County. Cal.
Fenn'i Grove Farm, Penn Grove— Five
minutes' walk from station. Railroad runs
through the farm. One hundred acres, .with
beautiful grove of oak trees. Large, "rtomy
J'ouse; plenty of Ehade; orchard. Dally maiL
Postoffice and telephone within a f«w minutes'
walk. Adults, $6 per week; special rates for
families. Address Mrs. El B. Rice, Penn
Grove. Sonoma County, Cal.
Cheney's, Penn Grove— Third of a mile
from Penn -Grove station. Will meet guests.
Farm pleasantly situated. Opportunity to
ride. Dally mall; rural delivery. Can accom-
modate 4 to 6. Adults, $6 per week; special
rates for families. Address Mrs. T. H. Cheney,
tetaluma, Sonoma County. Cal.
KlphieU's, Penn Grove— Half a mile north
o* town. Will meet guests. Vehicles at rea-
Bonable rates. Adults, $7 per week; children
under 10. half rates. Postofflce and telephone
within half a mile. Can accommodate 8. Ad-
dress Mrs. Frank Elphick, Penn Grove, So-
noma County. Cal.
Chandler Heights, Penn Grove— Six
miles from town. -Will meet guests. In the
foothills. Splendid view. Spring water.
Abundant shade. Dally mall. Can accom-
modate 10. Adults, $6 per week; children, half
rates. Address Mrs. J. Perry Whltaksr, P.
O. box 49, Yulupa route. Santa Rosa, Sonoma
County,. Cal.
McDonald's, Santa Rosa — Horn* com-
pletely, and elegantly furnished. House con-
tains 14 rooms, large hall, 2 bathrooms. Li-
brary, French and English. All modern im-
provements, including electric lights, gas and
telephone. This elegant country home, situ-
ated in a large town, with its lawns, walks,
flcwer beds, fruit and beautiful shade trees,
occupies a whole block, 2H acres. On adjoin-
ing lot a carriage-house with a variety of
vehicles; and opposite a stable. If desired
hcrses and Jersey cows will be included. Will
rent the entire outfit very reasonable to a de-
sirable tenant. Address M. L. McDonald, Oc-
cidental Hotel, San Francisco.
Jones', Santa Rosa— Pleasantly situated.
Can accommodate . 8. Address Mrs. J. M.
Jcnes. Santa Rosa, Eonoma County, CaL .
aieMeans', Santa Rosa— Pleasantly situ-
ated. Large, airy rooms; ample grounds. Ad-
dress Miss Carrie McMeans, Santa Rosa. . So-
rcma County. Cal.
Cntta', Santa Rosa — A few minutes' walk
from California Northwestern depot. Large
grounds; good, airy rooms. Can accommodate
4 Adults, $5 per week. Address Mrs. C. E.
Cutts, 344 Second street, Santa Rosa, Sonoma
County. CaL
Brackett's, Santa ' Roisa — Quiet part of
town. Will meet guests. Drives. Adults. $7 00
per week. Address Mrs. J. H. Brackett. E00
Santa Rosa avenue, Santa Rosa, Sonoma Coun-
ty, Cal.
Mountain View, Santa Rosa — In sub-
urbs. Will meet guests. Plenty of shade; ham-
mocks. Rooms large and cheerful. Can accom-
modate 6. Mall twice a day. AdulU, J7 00 per
week. Address Mrs. J. H. Abshlre, Santa
Rosa, Sonoma County. Cal..
• gsTRKe'"< Santa Rosa — In suburbs, near
liop yards. Will meet guests. Shady rooms;
family orchard: nice drives. Can accommodate
4, AdulU. $5 CO per week; special rates to a
family. Address G. W. Savage, 217 Hewitt
street. Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal.
Perkins', Sonoma — One mile from town,
on the banks of Sonoma Creek. Bathing, boat-
ing and fishing. Grove, hammocks, swings, cro-
quet grounds. Hot and cold baths. Wide,
shady verandas. Can accommodate 25. Adults,
$7 00 to $8 00 per week; children, according to
age- special rates for families. Address Airs.
C D Perkins. Sonoma, Sonoma County. Cai. .
Temperance Home, Santa Rosa — Cen-
tral part of town. ~ Means of transfer, horse
cars. Address J. W. Curryi Santa Rosa, So-
noma County, Cal. ; . . • t - "
Donahue's Snbnrban Home. . Santa
Rosa— Half mile from California Northwestern
depot. A quiet home. Large, 1 .roomy house;
fine lawn,- with hammocks and croquet grounds.
Can 'accommodate 10. Adults, $7 00 per week.
Address Mrs. Hannah Donahue, Santa Rosa,
Sonoma County, Cal..-
Valder'8,' Santa Rosa — Three miles ! from
town. -Will meet guests. Pleasantly -situated.
Short distance off road, in orchard. Mark West
Creek flows through the place. Boating and
bathing. Can accommodate 8. Adults, $7 00 pen,
week. Address Mrs. M. D. Valder, Santa Rosa,
Sonoma County, Cal. _".."• "
Bremner's, " Santa' Rosa — Five miles from
town, at the foot of Bennetts Peak, near Ma-
tanza Creek.' * Will meet guests. Fishing and
hunting. Dally mail. ' Can accommodate 20.
Adults. $6 00 per week; special rates for fami-
lies. Address D. B. Bremner, Santa Rosa, So-
noma County, Cal. . . .
Mountain Side, Santa Rosa— Five miles
from Santa Rosa (where guests will be met),
on the east side of Taylor Mountain. Mountain
ranch; lovely walks and drives. Daily mail.
Can accommodate 6. Adults, $6 00 per week.
Address Mrs. J. K.-Mapes, Yulupa Route, San-
ta Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal. .
- : Ross', Santa Rosa— Five miles north of
town. Will meet guests. 223 acres; extensive
orchard, with fruit of all kinds. Beautiful
home; good, airy rooms; large verandas; plenty
of shade trees; fine drives. Dally mail; rural
delivery. Can accommodate 12. , Adults, $8 00
per week. Address Mrs. Emma Ross, Plner
Route, Santa Rosa, Sonoma . County, Cal.
Blaytteld'M, Santa P.osa— Seven miles from
town, toward Glen Ellen. "Will meet guests at
Santa Rosa. Quiet country farm. Creek on
farm; good bathing and fishing. Daily mail;
rural delivery. Adults, $6 00 per week. Splen-
did camping- place for tents. Can accommodate
100. Address Mrs. G. W. Mayfleld, Santa Rosa,
Sonoma County, Cal.
Oak Shade Ranch; Santa Rosa— Seven
and a half miles from town. In the hills at
the head of Rincon Valley. Elevation, 1200 feet.
Nearly 1000 acres of woodland and meadow,
hills and dales. Vineyard and orchard; horses,
cows, chickens— everything belonging to a per-
fect rural home. Can- accommodate 2O._ Fur-
nished tents to rent to those who desire to do
their own cooking. Supplies on ranch; hunting
and fishing. Will meet guests at Santa Rosa.
Charge for round trip, 50c. Adults, $7 00 per
week; children under 15, half rates. Address
Harry L. Jones, Oak Shade Ranch, Santa Rosa,
Sonoma County, Cal. *
Hanson's, Santa Rosa — Eight miles from
town, on Strawberry Ridge, Bennett Valley.
Will meet guests. Modern conveniences on the
place. Daily mail; rural delivery. Adults,
$7 00 per' week. Address Peter Hanson, Santa
Rosa, i Sonoma County, Cal.
Arlington Manor, Santa Rosa— Nine
miles from town, in the mountains, among the
pines. Climate beneficial to those afflicted with
asthma.' Hunting and fishing; mountain
springs, eome mineral. Within a few miles
of Mark West Springs and petrified forest.
Camping privileges to a few quiet families or
parties. Fuel free. Address Mrs. M. A. Ran-
som, Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal,
S mi t Hers', -Santa. Rosa— Ranch, 12 miles
from town, near petrified forest. "Will meet
guests at Santa Kosa. Hunting and fishing;
fruits. Can accommodate 12. Adults, $8 00 to
$10 CO per weekT Address George E. Smlthers,
Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal.
Looer'n, Sebastopol— Will meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Can accommodate 25.
Adults, {6 00 to f9 00 per week. Address J. B.
Loser, Sebastopol, Sonoma County, Cal.
Trivp's, Sebastopol— On Gold Ridge, half
mile from Sebastopol and 8 miles west of
Santa RoBa. Will meet guests at Sebastopol.
New house. Hills near-by. Can accommodate
4. Adults. $5 00 per week; children under 10,
half-rates. Address B. L. Tripp, Sebastopol,
Sonoma County. Cal. ¦ % - «-
Redwood Heigh'ts, Sebastopol — One
mile from town. Will meet guests. Location
among redwoods, on an elevation. . Occasional
¦free. drives. Daily mall; rural delivery. Adults.
$7 00 per week. Address Redwood .Heights,
Rural Delivery, Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
Cal.
Roberts', Sebastopol— Three' and a half
miles from town. Will meet guests. 800 acres;
part redwoods. Fresh running streams; pure
spring water and suiphur spring water. Daily
mail; rural delivery. Can accommodate 2.
Adults, $7 00 per ' week. Address El F. Rob-
erts, Freestone Route,- Sebastcpol, , Sonoma
County, CaL . . ''•..' ' ' ' ; '
-Collins',. Sebastopol— Six- miles from town.
Will meet guests. In a small valley. Fruit
farm. Hills covered with redwood trees. Can
accommodate 8. Adults, $G 00 per week; chil-
dren under 10, $3 00. Address C. S. Collins,
Occidental, Sonoma County, Cal. : '-
; Cook's, near Fulton— Quiet ''country home.
.Will jneet guests at; Fulton station. rDrlvcs to
points of interest. Can accommodate 2: . Daily,
mail; rural delivery. Adults, I $G 00 per week.
Address Mrs. William Cook. Route 4, Santa
Rosa, Sonoma County, CaX
Blythewood, Fulton— Good country home,
1% miles from station. Can accommodate 10.
Plenty of nice drives free. Adults, $S 00 per
week. Address Mrs. John H. j Faught, ¦ Fulton,
Sonoma County, Cal. 'i. . .
Lone Redwood Home, Fulton— One
mile from town, on Mark West -Creek. Will
meet guests. Bathing. Plenty of shade; ham-
mocks, croquet-grounds, etc. -Adults, $6 00 per
week; children under 10, half-ratee. Address
Mrs. M. D. Brown, Fulton, Sonoma County,
CaL • .'%:¦
Welch's, Windsor — Quarter of a mile from
town. Will meet guests. Farm pleasantly lo-
cated. Can accommodate 4 to 6. Adults, $5 00
per week. Address Mrs. F. T. Welch, Windsor,
Sonoma County, Cal.
Live Oaks, Windsor— Three miles from
town. Will meet guests. Horses and vehicles.
Guests taken to many drives. Fishing and
swimming in Russian River. Free baths at
mineral springs. Can accommodate 12.' Adults,
$8 00 per week; children under 10, $4 00; spe-
cial rates for families. . Address W. B. Rich,
Windsor, Sonoma County, Cal,
Latimer Ranch, Windsor— Four miles
from town. Will meet guests. Boating on
lake; swimming. Hot and cold mineral baths.
Shade, walks, etc. Can accommodate • 30.
Adults, ?7 00 per week; children, $1 00. Ad-
dress Mrs. L. D. Latimer, Windsor, Sonoma
County. Cal. . ¦ . . .
Barlow's, Healdsburg— Pleasantly situ-
ated. Will meet guests. Can accommodate 6.
Adults, $10 00 per week. Address Mrs. M. Bar-
low, Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
Cochran's, Healdsburg — Three blocks from
depot, in the best part of town. Will meet
guests. Large, roomy house,; lawns; s shade
trees. An elegant home. Adults.. $S 00 per
week. Address Mrs. Marshall Cochran, Healds-
burg, Sonoma County, Cal. ¦ .'-,
Barnes'. Healdsburg— Means of transfer,
omnibus. Centrally located. Adults, $6 00 per
week; children, half rates. Address Mrs.' T.
J. Barnes, Healdsburs, Sonoma County, Cal.
De Xio's, Healdsburg— Means of transfer,
omnibus. Pleasantly situated. Can accommo-
date 8. Address Mrs. H. L. de Nio, P. O. box
302, Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
Farrar's, Healdsburg— Means of transfer, 1
omnibus. Will meet gtfests. Pleasantly lo-
cated. Large, sunny rooms. Can accommo-
date, IS. Address Mrs. S. It. Farrar, Healds-
burg, Sonoma County, Cal. ' m
Peck's, Healdsburg— Means of transfer,
omnibus. Pleasantly situated. Airy rooms.
Can accommodate 2. Adults, $5 00 per week.
Address Mrs. George Peck, Healdsburg, So-
noma County, Cal.
Sargrinsson's, Healdsburg— One mile from
town. Will meet guests. At the foot of Fitch
Mountain. Russian River flows through the
farm; swimming and fishing. Can accommo-
date 2. Adults, $7 00 per week. Address Mrs.'
C. Sarglnsson, Healdsburg, Sonoma ' County,
Cal.
Ho dees', Healdsburg — Dwelling situated
on an elevation 300 yards from Chlqulta sta-
tion, 2 miles north of Healdsburg. 4 large
rooms— sitting-room, parlor and 2 bedrooms;
kitchen, pantry and bathroom; hot and cold
water. Plainly but neatly furnished; use of
buggy and other vehicles and everything on
the place. Owner, wishing to travel, will rent
during July and August; $20 00 per. month.
Address H. C. Hodges. P. O. box 134, Healds-
burg, Sonoma County, Cal.
Roiiebrongli'8, Healdsburg — Quarter of a
mile " from Grant station. Will meet guests.
Plenty . of shade. Fruit ranch. Can accom-
modate 6. Adults, $7 00 per week. Address
C. E. Rosebrough, Healdsburg, Sonoma County,
CaL ¦
Mountain View Ranch, Healdsburg—
Seven miles . from town. Will meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Can ' accommodate ¦ 20.
Adults, $8 00 per week; children, half rates;
special rates for families. Address Ed Shone,
Lamberts P. O.,' Sonoma County, CaL
Isaacs Farm, Healdsburg — Kight miles
from town; quarter of a mile from Russian
River; fishing and hunting;, plenty of shade;
swings, hammocks, and croquet. Will meet
guests. Can accommodate 10 in house. Adults,
$5 00 per week. This is also a desirable loca-
tion for campers. Table board -for campers,
$3 50 per week. Address | Mrs.*— A. Isaacs,
Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
Pine Flat. Healdsburg— Fourteen miles
from town. Means of transfer. Pine Flat and
Healdsburg stage. In the midst of groves of
pines and firs. Fishing and hunting. Can
accommodate 6: Adults, $5 00 per week; chil-
dren under 12, $3 00 per week. Address C. A.
Grimmer, Pine Flat, Sonoma . County, Cal. '
Shriver Place, Lytton— Half a mile from
Lytton station and: half a • mile from Lytton
Springs. Will meet guests. Plenty of shade.
Pleasantly situated. Adults, $7 per week; spe-
cial rates for families. Address Mrs. George
Shrlver. Lytton. Sonoma County, Cal. --..
Benson's Ranch,' Hopland — Four and a
half miles from town: in McDowell Valley.
Will meet euests. Near fine fishing stream;
mountainous surroundinps; good hunting; ex-
cellent mineral spring. Can furnish gt>cd table
board if i parties I will bring their own ¦ tents.
Adults. 75 cents per day; children, half rates.
Address J. B. " Benson,.: Hopland, Mendocino
County, Cal. V • ', ¦
! Country I Hoaae, ¦ GeyserviUe — Thr«fe-
quarters of a mile from to wn. ,; Will meet
guests. At the foot of mountains, ' In Alexan-
der Valley, on the Russian River. , Mineral
Spring. Can accommodate 4. j Adults, $25 per
month; special ¦ rates ¦: for. families.. Address
Mrs. L. M. Smith, Geyserville. . Sonoma County,
Cal. , - . .-.-- ¦ . . ..-_:.- v
llird's Nest, Geyserville— Two miles from
town; In the foothills, at the T>ase of Geyser
Feak. - Will meet guests. Mineral springs.
Can accommodate 4. Adults, $7 - per week.
Address Mrs. . J. W. • Parrott, Geyserville. So-
ncma County, i Cal. :¦ ~ .-'... \ . - ¦
i Albright, Geyserville— Fcur miles frojn
town. Will meet guests. On a small* hill
commanding view of the valley.' Good fishing
and hunting. Team at disposal of guests. Can
accommodate 20. Adults, $7 to (S per week.
Address Mrs. Kate Albright, Cozzens P. O.,
Sonoma County. Cal. ; . ' ' ¦ .
' Laurel Ranch Resort,- Geyserville—
Five miles .from town, on a hill overlooking
the valley. Plenty of shade; croquet, ham-
mocks, etc. Excellent fishing near by in Big
Sulphur, Little Sulphur and Devil Den creeks.-
Can accommodate 25. Adults, $7 per week;
children under 12, $4. Address. George H.
Black. Geyservllle, Sonoma County, Cal. ¦
Geyser Peak. Ranch, Qexserville— Seven
miles from town. Will meet guests. Eleva-
tion, 2000 feet; 3000 acres; 'new house; large
verandas. > Fine trout stream flows thiough
the place for three miles. Can accommodate
25.. Adults. $S to $1 p<»- w«>?k-. i*'Mi*»ii*r-*«r
1C, $4. Address J. W. Harlat, Geyserville. So»
rcmA County. CaL ¦_. ¦ .•••'- r ¦ : .
, Locust Hall, .Cloveraale — Will meet
guests. Pleasantly -situated. Plenty of shade.
Can accommodate S. Adults. $& per week. Ad-
dress Mrs. Mary J. Field, Cloverdale, Sonoma
County, Cal. ' • '"'-.'
Hoadley's, Cloverdale— Furnished house,
9 rooms. Charming surroundings. Will rent
for summer. Address Mrs. . H. C. HoaJley,
Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal. ¦ .
- Shole*', Cloverdale — "Will" meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Can ¦ accommodate 2. Ad-
dress Mrs. M. J. Sholes, Cloverdale, Sonoma
County, Cal. . ,. ... .
Ivy Dell, Cloverdale — Lovely farm, ad-
Jcining town. Hunting, fishing, croquet;
plenty of shade; hot and cold baths, etc. Can
accommodate 12. Adults,- $S per week; children
under 12, $4. Address William Caldwell, Clo-
verdale. Sonoma County. CaL ... •
Mulf ord's, Cloverdale — Few minutes'
vralk from station, i Nice, quiet country place.
Adults $S per week; children., half rates. Ad-
dress Mrs. A. M. Mulford, Cloverdale. Sonoma
County, Cal. ; ; . . ..
Grand-. Vievr, Cloverdale — Twenty-five
yards east of depot: 5C0 yards from postofflce.
Plenty of shade. Full vjew of Russian River.
Bath. Can accommodate 8. Adults, $8 per
week; children under 10, half rates; Bpecial
rates for families.- Shady tenting grounds.
Beard for campers,- $7 per week; special rates
for families. Address Miss Emma Field, P.
O. bcx 365, Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
Home Comfort, Cloverdale— Quarter of a
mile from town and less than one mile from
Russian River. -. Will meet guests. '"'Fishing
and bunting. Pleasant, shady grounds.. Guests
driven to points of interest. .- Can accommo-
date 12. Adults, $7 and $S per. week; children
under 12, half rates; special rates for families.
Address Mrs. A. Beritley, Cloverdale. Sonoma
County, Cal. /,-....
Brush's, Cloverdale — Cool house; large,
airy rooms; nice grounds; plenty of shade;
milk and cream from Jersey cows. ¦ Can ac-
commodate 4. Adults, $8 00 to $10 00 per week.
Address Mrs. W. T. Brush. Cloverdale, So-
noma County, Cal.
Markell'R, Cloverdale— One mile from
town, on main road. Will rent furnished rooms
or whole house of seven rooms; pantry and
bath. Address Ellas Markell, Cloverdale, So-
noma County, Cal. -* , : I ¦
Pleaaant'Vlew Ranch, Cloverdale— One
mile from town. Will meet guests. Between
Russian River and Sulphur, Creek, the famous
trout stream. Quiet country home, near^heavily
wooded hills. Bath houses and boats on Rus-
sian River for guests; croquet grounds, ham-
mocks, shady walks, Interesting drives. Can
accommodate 40. Adults, $7 00 to $9 00 per
week; under 10, half rates. ¦ Address
E. M.- Shelf ord, Cloverdale, : Sonoma. County,
Cal. «yr ¦ - -. • • . . .:-"•-.? $'f
¦ McKoon Ranch, Cloverdale— One and a
half miles from town. Will meet guests. Sit-
uated In a little mountain valley. - Plenty of
shade: walks, drives, etc... Can accommodate 6.
Adults, $8 00 per week. Address H. H. McKoon,
Cloverdale, Sonoma ' County, Cal. V
The Alder Glen Mineral - Springs,
Cloverdale-r'Two and a half miles from town;
situated in- a picturesque canyon. Hillsides cov-
ered with timber. Adults, $8 00 to $10 00 per
week. Good- location for campers. ' $1 00 per
week for family or tent. Store where, supplies
can be bought. Address Robertson ':& Sons,
Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.- ;¦-.':^S •
: Parker -Vineyard Ranch, Cloverdale—
Four, miles, fromi town. in. -the. foothills. Will
meet guests. Plenty of shaded pjeajant walks
through^ the' canyons and ; hunting.'^ Can accom-
modate 40." ¦ Adults, ' $8 00 • per^ week.. 'Address
Mrs. J.- Winter, ' Cloverdale, ' Sonoma County,
cai.- -=¦'¦; -'¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦'•' ¦- ¦•• ¦• ¦ --•"•¦ •¦-¦'< .
White Oak Farm, Cloverdale— Three
and a half miles from Cloverdale and two and
a half miles from Astl station. Will meet
guests."^ Situated in a little valley, surrounded
by mountains. ¦; Plenty of ehade. .Dancing plat-
form, croquet grounds, hammocks, swings, etc.*
Can accommodate 40. Adults $7 00 per week;
children under 10, $3 50. Address W. H. Hlatt,
Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal. • <¦'¦:
-Valley Farm, Cloverdale — One mile from
Asti station and four miles from Clovferdale.'
Will meet suests. Residence In .the foothills.
Russian River within quarter of a mile, afford-
ing good boating. Can accommodate 6. Adults,
$8 00 per 'week; children, $5 00; special rates for
families or parties. Address William H. Black,
Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal." V
RiVerslde .Ranch, Cloverdale— One mile
from Asti station and four miles from Clover-
dale. Will meet guests. On Russian | River.
Fishing and bathing. Can accommodate 6.
Adults, $8 00 per week; children, $5 00. Address
Chas. E. Black, Cloverdale, Sonoma ' County,
Cal.
- Cooper's, , 'Cloverdale— Eight miles from
town. Will meet guests. Hunting, fishing and
bathing. - Can accommodate 10. ¦ Adults, $S 00
per week; children, $5 00. Address F. J. Cooper,
Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
Good Fellows' Home, Cloverdale —
Dripping Springs, on Pine Mountain, nine miles
from Cloverdale. Every Wednesday and Satur-
day, for boarders, free carriage from -Clover-
dale on arrival of morning train; other days,
livery. Elevation 3500 feet. Adults, $8 00 per
week. Will also take campers. Furnish wood,
grounds and water privileges free; $5 00 for the
season -for each camp. Tents and cottages for
rent at low rates. ¦ Address Mrs. J. S. 8tratton,
3 Eighth street, San Francisco, Cal. Telephone
Jessie 944.
Fracier Ranch, Cloverdale— On the Gey-
ser road, 10 miles from Cloverdale. Sulphur
Creek, the famous trout stream, skirts the
ranch. Geyser stage from Cloverdale passes
dally. Fishing and bathing. Surrounding
country rich in game. Can accommodate 20.
Adults, v G Per week: children under 8, $3.
Address Mrs. E. E. Frazler, Cloverdale, So-
noma County, Cal.
Ornbann'i Mineral and Medical
Spring: Resort, Cloverdale— Twenty miles
from ' town. Will meet guests, i In the red-
woods. Mineral springs. Hot and cold baths.
Fishing and hunting.' Can accommodate 12.
Adults, $7 per week; children between 2 and 8,
half rates. Address John S. Ornbaun, Orn-
baun. Mendocino County, Cal. /
Miller's, Cloverdale— In Anderson Valley,
VA miles from Boonville and 30 from ' Clover-
dale. Farm adjoining redwood forest. Fishing
and hunting. Stage or livery from Cloverdale.
Can accommodate 3. Adults, $4 per week. Ad-
dress Mrs. E. C. Miller, Boonville, Mendocino
County, Cal.
Clovr's, Cloverdale— Thirty miles from
Cloverdale, 20 miles from Ukiah. Stage from
Cloverdale, or will arrange to meet guests at
either place. In the redwoods. Hunting and
fishing. Adults, $5 per week; children. $3 50.
Address Mrs. G. T. Clow, Boonville, Mendo-
cino County, Cal. ..>¦'.
Oleander Farm, Preston— Quarter mile
from town. Will meet guests. On the banks
of the Russian River. -Bathing and fishing.
Near Sulphur Creek for trout fishing. Plenty
of • shade: orchard. Can accommodate . 25.
Adults, $7 per week; children, half rates. Ad-
dress C. E. Worth, Preston, Sonoma County,
Cal. . /-— , .
Senter's, Hopland— Pleasantly situated.
Can accommodate 6. Adults, $5 per week;
children, half rates. . Address E. Senter, Hop-
land, Mendocino County, Cal.
-Lowe's, East Hopland-^-One mile from
Hopland. Will meet guests. On the banks of
the Russian River. Fishing and bathing. Can
accommodate 4. Adults, J7 per week. Ad-
dress Mrs. D. M. Lowe, Hopland, Mendocino
County, Cal.
Hiatt's, Hopland— One mile from town.
Will meet guests. Charming surTOuidings.
Can accommodate 4. Adults, $6 per week. Ad-
dress Mrs. M. Hlatt. Hopland, Mendocino
County, Cal. . . ' '
Leek's, Hopland— One mile from town.
Will meet guests. Twenty acres of orchard.
Hunting and fishing. Adults, $7 per week.
Address Mrs. C. E. Leek, Hopland, Mendocino
Covnty,. Cal. •*- . ,
¦ Crawford's,, Hopland— Two % miles from
town, en the Russian River. Can accommo-
date 6 in house and will board camDers. for
whom have excellent - location. Address T. B.
Crawford. ' Hopland, Mendocino County, Cal. [
Daw Ranch, Hopland— Four miles from
tWn. Will . meet guests. ' In the hills: quiet
courtry home. Fishing and hunting. ; Can ac-
commodate 2. " Adults,- $7 per week; children,
half • rates. ¦ Address Mrs. J. Daw, Hopland,
Mendocino County. Cal.
Hotel Benvenne, " Lakeport— On'- edge of
town; on • elevation ¦ overlooking Clear Lake.
Stage frojn Hopland to ' Lakeport. Through
ticket. Plenty of shade; beautiful grounds.
Hotel and six cottages. Can accommodate 80.
Adults. $1 per day. ¦'_- Address , F. &. A. M.
Scales. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal. ¦
IMllnldc Hornet Guerneville— Quarter of
a mile from town. Will meet guests. Hunting,
fishlnp, beating and bathing. Can accommo-
date 14. Adults. '$7 00 per week; children, half
rates. 'Address John Bean,* Guerneville, Sonoma
County, Cal. ¦ ¦ ' . .
. Grnwell'r, - Lakeport— Can accommodate
Quite a number, with nice board. ' Pleasant sur-
roundings. Adults, |7 per week. -Address Mrs.
F. H. Gruwell, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal.
White's, Lakeport— Three miles northwest
of town, in Scott's Valley. "Pleasant location.
Stage from Hopland to Lakeport, where guests
[ will be met. Through ticket to Lakeport. Ad-
! dress Mrs. C. White, Lakeport, Lake County.
CaL'
Sailor's, Lakeport— Three miles north of
town, on the main road. Through • ticket . via
Hopland. and stage to Lakeport. where guests
will be, met. Plenty of shade; beautiful lawn
and nice drives. Can accommodate 4. Adults.
$6 50 per week. Address Mrs. L. Sailor, Lake-
port, Lake County. Cal.
Clendenin's, Lakeport— Three miles from
town, in Scott Valley. Means of transfer, rail
and stage to Lakeport, wheie guests will be
met. Fruit ranch, 50 acres; pleasant location;
20 cows. Can accommodate 7. Adults, Jl per
. day; special rates for families by the month.
•I h rough ticket to Lakeport. Address L.. P.
Clendenin. Lakeport. Lake County.- Cal. .
1 The Oaks, Lakeport— Eight miles north of
town, on western shore of Clear Lake. Rail
and' stage to Lakeport. livery beyond. Boating,
rii-hing and bathing. Can accommodate 12.
Through ticke"; to Lakeport. Adults, $7 pev
week. Address Mrs. Emma L. Lyon, Lake-
pert, Lake County, Cal. .
Dool it tie's, Lakeport— Two miles from
Laurel Dell Lake. 4 miles . from Saratoga
Springs. Quiet country home. Rail and stage
via Hopland to Lakeport. • Through ticket.
From Lakeport, private conveyance. . Can ac-
commodate 4. Adults. $4 per week.. Address
Mrs. A. Doolittle, Lakeport, Lake County. Cai
Combs' Itanch, Lakeport — Eighteen
miles from Hopland. Means ot transfer, stage.,
which passes the door. Large house, situated
in oak grove. Always cool and pleasant. «Jan
cccommodate 4. Adults, $7 per week; special
rates for lamilies. Address James H. Combs,
Lakeport. Lake County, Cal. --
Onkville. Lakeport— Eighteen miles from
Hopland. Means of transier, stage, which
passes the door. Mountainous surroundings.
Can accommodate 8. Adults, $S per weetc;
special rates for families. Address N. McNeill,
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal.
Ely Ranch, Kelseyville^-Near town,
where guests will be met. Through ticket to
Kelseyville. Two miles from Clear Lake.
Bathing, fishing, hunting, riding and driving.
Adults. $6 per week. Address Ben Ely Jr..
Kelseyville. Lake County, Cal.
• Rlckabaneh'si Kelseyvllle— ¦ One mile
from town. Stage from Hopland to Kelsey-
ville. where guests will be met. Through
ticket to Kelseyville. Quiet country farm.
Can accommodate 6. Address Mrs. S. Ricka-
baugh. Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal.
Mclntire Resort, Kelseyville— Mountain
ranch, 6 miles from town. Stage from Hop-
land to Kelseyville, where guests will be met.
Through ticket to Kelseyville. - Hunting, trout
fishing in the mountain streams; saddle and
driving horses and various rigs. Pure spring
water. Daily mail. Can accommodate b, or
more if partiej will sleep in tents. Adults, *7
per week. Address Murdock Mclntire. K.el-
seyvllle, Lake County, Cal. ¦ ¦ • •
Fer&ason'f*, Kelseyville— Eight miles
from town. Stage from .Hopland to Kelsey-
ville, where guests will be met Through
ticket to Kelseyville. Fishing and hunting?-
Mountainous surroundings. Can accommodate
4. Adults. $6 per week or $20 per month. Ad-
dress Mrs. L. J. Ferguson, P. O. box 43. Kel-
seyville, Lake County, Cal. •
Pleasant View. Hotel, Near fartlett
Springs— Stage from Hopland to Bartlett
Springs, where guests will be met. Through
ticket. Iron and magnesia springs. Elevation
3000 feet. Fishing and hunting. Plenty of
shade; croquet grounds. Can accommodate 30.
Adults, $8 50 to $10 00 per week. Cottages for
housekeeping, furnished (except bedding), *4 CO
per week. Address W. Boucher, Bartlett
Springs, • Lake County. Cal. *.
Chllson's, Ukiah— Will meet guests. Quiet
home. . On edge of town; In foothills. Adults,
$7 00 per week: children, $3 50. Address Mrs.
O. H Chllsori, Ukiah, Mendocino County, Cal.
St. Joseph's Villa, Ukiah— On the edge
of town; near the foothills. Will meet guests.
New modern house, entirely separate from the
Convent, amid flowers and shade trees. The
rooms are large and commodious, with excel-
lent baths. New croquet ground, shuffleboard,
etc. XElectric lights throughout. Adults, $9 00
and $10 00 per. week. Special" rates for families.
Address Mother Superior, Sacred Heart Con-
vent, Ukiah. Mendocino County, Cal.
i Shoemaker Dell, Ukiah— Six miles from
town. Hunting and fishing. Elevation 2215
feet. , rMountainous surroundings. Can accom-
modate 8. Conveyance arranged by correspond-
ence. ¦"• Adults. ¦ $7 00 per week; children, half
rates. Address J. W. Shoemaker, Uklah, Men-
docino County, CaL , -• - x
Redwood Valley, Ukiah— Nlj*e miles
from. town. Will - meet guests. New -house.
Surrounded by hills. Soda springs. Mountain
streams near by: .trout fishing; ponies for rid-
ing/Can accommodate 10. - Adults, $6 00 per
week. Address Mrs. Mary Thompson, Calpella,.
Mendocino County, Cal. • : .
Poase's, Uklah— Half mile from depot-
Can accommodate 4. Adults. $3 00 per week.
Address Mrs. A. Poage, Uklah, Mendocino
County, Cal.
'¦¦ Rippey's; Uklah— Will meet guests. Quiet
home place. Large, airy rooms, hard finish;
beautiful I shade trees, flowers, etc. Can j ac-
commodate 8. Adults, $7 00 per week. Ad-
dress Charles G. Rippey, Ukiah, Mendocino
County, ' Cal. ' . : .
¦*¦-.. The Ideal Home, Uklah— West end of
town, at the foot of the mountains, on road
to Fish Hatchery of the California North-
western Railway. Will meet guests. Free con-
veyance twice a week to Vichy Springs. Can
accommodate 8. Adults, $7 00 per week; chil-
dren $5 00. Good camping spots at reasonable
rates. Address Mrs. W. H. Snell, Uklah. Men-
docino County, Cal.
Paxton Ranch, Uklah— Five miles from
town. . Means of transfer, livery". Plenty of
shade. Sulphur baths. Can accommodate 4.
Adults, $1 50 per day. Address D. E. Paxton,
Ukiah, Mendocino County, Cal. . _ ,
Cleveland Mills, Ukiah— Six miles from
town, on the road to Blue Lakes. Stage
passes the door. Through ticket. Hunting,
fishing. Ice cold water, fresh and mineral.
Plenty of ehade. Fine camping grounds. Can
accommodate 10. $5 CO per week. Address R.
L. Cleveland, Ukiah, Mendocino County, Cal.
Mountain Retreat, . Ukiah— Eighteen
miles west of town. Will meef guests. Moun-
tain ranch. In the redwoods. Several fine trout
streams adjacent. Mineral springs. Can ac-
commodate 12. Adults, $7 00 per week* children
under 12 half rates. Grounds open. to camp-
ers. Tents supplied, if desired, at low price.
A number of nice new cottages, completely
furnished for housekeeping. Grounds free to
those who bring their own tents. Fuel free.
Address F. M. Bellby, Uklah, Mendocino Coun-
ty, Cal. - . -
Mountain Home— Twenty-four N mlles
north of Ukiah and 10 . miles east of Willlts.
Dally stage. Mountains surrounding. Can ac-
commodate 10. Adults, $6 00 per week* special
rates for families. Address Mrs. Jennie Mc-
Cabe. Sawyers, Mendocino County. Cal.
Castle Garden, . Uklah— Eighteen - miles
from town, on the Navarro River. Means of
transfer, livery. ! Soda springs. In the red-
woods. Mountain streams. Hunting, fishing
and bathing. Can accommodate 15. Adults.
$7 00 per week. Three furnished cabins for
campers-, $10 00 to $15 00 per month. Table board,
$5 CO per week for parties furnishing their own
tents. Camping grounds . free. Address H.- A.
Snow, Ukiah. Mendocino County, Cal. •
Handler's Summer Resort— -Twenty
miles west of Ukiah, on the Orr's Springs
and Mendocino road. Through ticket. In the
redwoods. Dally mall. Long distance telephone
near by. Mountain stream. Fishing and hunt-
Ing. Dancing, picnics and other amusements
for guests. Can accommodate 40. ' Adults, $7 00
per week: children under 10. half rates. Ad-
dress F.' J. Handley, Orr's, Mendocino County,
Cal.- 7 - . ' :
Mountain House, \ Uklah— Twenty-one
miles from town. Means of transfer, stage.
Mountainous surroundings. Mineral springs.
Gentle horses for riding and driving. Guide
and dogs furnished to hunters. Can accommo-
date 20. Adults, $6 00 per week. Address Creed
Moxley. Sawyers, Mendocino County, Cal. :
Deer Ridge,- Ukiah— Twenty-two miles
north of town. Means of transfer, stage.
Through ticket to Willlts. Good elevation,
overlooking Willits and Little Lake valleys;
mountainous surroundings, heavily timbered.
Can accommodate 6. Adults. $5 00 per week.
Address Mrs. M. R. Sawyers, Willits, Mendo-
cino County. Cal.
D a v»s-~Twenty-three miles trom Uklah,
on the "Eel. River; 5 miles north of Potter Val-
ley. Means of transfer, stage. Through ticket.
Mountainous surroundings. Hunting, fishing,
boating, bathing. I Daily mall. New cabin and
dancing pavilion. Adults, $7.00 per week; chil-
dren under 12, half rates; special rates for fam-
ilies. Address J. L. Day, Potter Valley, Mendo-
cino County, Cal.
Cook'K Twenty-four - miles from Ukiah.
S*tage to Willits. Through ticket. Quiet place.
Plenty of shade. Hunting and fishing. | Horses
for hire ' at reasonable rates. Good deer dogs
and guides, " for • which' there will be no extra
charge. Can accommodate 5. Adults. $7 CO per
week; children; $3 50. Address Thomas Cook,
P. O. box 32, Willlts, Mendocino County, Cal.
Gnrrett Dome Retreat — Twenty-four
miles from Ukiah. Through ticket via stage
to Porno (16 miles from Ukiah), in Potter Val-
ley Will meet parties- at Porno, with no extra
expense for the eight miles to the Retreat. Near
Middle Mountain, on Middle Mountain Range.
Elevation 4000 feet. View of country for miles.
Creek near by.- Fishing and fine hunting. Open
June Lv Can accommodate 30. Adults. $7 00 per
week. | Address J. ¦ V. Ray, Potter Valley P. O.,
Mendocino County, Cal. -. ;. ' -'
Hranscomb's-^-Fifty-two miles north of
Uklah. -on the Overland stage road, near Lay-
tonville.. Through ticket : to Laytonvllle. -In
the redwoods. Mineral • springs, , hot and cold;
mud springs. Trout -fishing:. > hunting, etc. Can
accommodate 8. Adults. $5 50 per week; special
rates for families. - Address J. H. Branscomb,
Branscomb P. O., Mendocino County, -.Cal.
Williamson's, Covelo-^- Via', stage / from
Ukiah. Through ticket. Can accommodate \ 10.
Address Miss Lily Williamson, Covelo, Mendo-
cino County, Cal.
. Riverside Ranch Twenty-five miles
from Uklah. Means of transfer, stage. Through
ticket. On the banks of Eel River. Fishing and
bathing. Mountainous surroundings. Can ac-
commodate 10. Adults, J7 00 per week; children
under 12, half rates; special rates for families.
Address T. J. GUlespie, Potter Valley. Mendo-
cino County. Cal.
. -. Travelers' • Home Twenty- five miles
Dcrth of Ukiah, near Eel River, in Scott's
Valley. Mea,ns of transfer, stage to Potter
\ alley. ¦ Through ticket. Local stage beyond.
Mountainous surroundings. Soda and sulphur
springs. Mountain stream. Hunting and flsh-
lrg. Can accommodate 15. Adults $6 per week;
$20 per month; children under 6, half rates;
special rates for families. Address M. L.
Sawyers, Sawyers P. O.. Mendocino County,
Cal. . -
Lierly's Twenty- five miles from Uklah.
or. the western slope of Mount Sanhedrin;
elevation, 2200 feet. Means of transfer, stage.
Through ticket. Hunting and fishing. Fine
mountain spring water. Can accommodate 50.
Adults. $7 per week. Address Jerry Lierley.
Lierley.P. O., Mendocino County,. CaL
. -Hopkins Ranch— Twenty-eight miles
vest -of Uklah. Means of transfer, state to
Half-Way House, on the Orr"s Springs and
Uendocino stage road. Will meet guesta there.
Through ticket to Half- Way House. Small
opening in the redwoods. Altitude. 1260 feet.
Hunting and fishing. Mineral springs. Can
accommodate 8. Adults. $1 per day. Address
R. J. Hopkins. Comptche, Mendocino County,
Cal.-.
Row's Thirty miles north of Uklah. on
the overland stage road, beyond Willlts.
Through ticket. In. the redwoods. Hunting,
fishing, etc Can accommodate 12. Adults, Ji
acd %* per week; children under 10. half rates.
Addfess H. D. Rowe, "Willits, Meodocino
C'lunty. ¦ Cal. ¦
fountain House, Sanhedrin — Thirty
miles irom Ukiah. Means of transfer, t tage.
Altitude,. 4000 feet.; Fishing, hunting, etc. So
accommodations lor ladies. Can accommodate
10 gentlemen. Adults. *7 per week. Grounds
open to campers. - Charges reasonable. Ad-
dress James E. Booth, Potter Valley. Mendo-
cino County, Cal.
Cornucopia Farm— Thirty-four miles
ncrth of Ukiah, on the overland stage road;
10 miles from Willits, near Sherwood. Through
ticket. Altitude. 2100 feet. In the redwoods.
Fishing and hunting. Quiet place. Farm-
Ic.use accommodations for 6. Adults, ?< per
Tveek: children, halt rates; special rates tor
families. Address C W. Bradford. Sherwood,
Mendocino County, Cal. •
McMath's — Thirty-five miles from Ukiah.
Means of transfer, stage. Through ticket.
Adults. $7 per week. Will furnish separate
well-flnished house of 6 rooms in a .grove of
oaks close to river bank and camping grounds
on Eel River. Address R. F. McMath. Hull-
ville. Lake County, Cai v
Hnnter's Hun tine and Flshingf Re-
sort Thirty-five miles from Ukiah. Means
ot transfer, stage. Through ticket. Hunting,
fishing and swimming. Can accommodate Ztf.
Adults,' V per week; children, half rates.
Grounds for campers. Address W. C. Hunter,
Kullville, Lake County. Cal.
• Black KockRange Fifty-three miles
ncrth of Ukiah and 4 miles from Laytonvllle
(on the overland sfage road), to which through
tickets are sold. Will meet guests at Lay-
tcnville. Daily maiL Altitude, SeOO feet; 10.000
acres, rich in all kinds of game. Hunting re-
served for guests; a miles on Eel River, 3 miles
on Woodman Creek and 4 miles on »« r ser
Creek, affording fine trout and salmon fishing.
Mineral springs. Can accommodate 40. Tele-
phone and daily mail. Hot and cold baths
ftee. Adults. *8 to $10 Per week; special rates
for families. Furnished houses and tents at
reasonable rates. Hunting and fishing camps on
different parts of range. Guides and pack
animals; saddle horses for gentlemen lad.es
and children at reasonable rates. Address l.
J. Crowley. Laytonville. Mendocino County.
Cal. „„. .
Van Dyke's — Sixty miles from Lklah.
Stage t,p Covelo. Through ticket. Mountain-
ous surroundings; hunting and fishing; can
furnish guide, pack animals and horses for
riding and driving. Can . accom F n ( SJt a^ ecl 1 ai
Adults, $8 00 per week; children, *4 00. special
rates for families or parties. Address W. b.
Van Dyke, Covelo. Mendocino County. CaL
. Dennis' Ranch — Buck Mountain; 70
miles from Ukiah. Overland stage to Layton-
vllle, and Stuck Brothers' stage to Cov«lo
Through ticket to Covelo. where guests will
be met. Mountain ranch. Elevation 2600 feet.
Mineral springs. Hunting and flehing. If de-
sired, horses for riding and driving. P"**. ani-
mals and guides. Can accommodate 10. Adults
$7 00 per week; children, half rates. Wood
and camping grounds. $5 00 for the season. Ad-
dTess Amos Dennis. Covelo, Mendocino Coun-
ty# Slmnierley's— On Eel River 8 miles east
of Cummings. which Is on Overland stage road
from Uklah. Through ticket to Cummings.
where guests will be met with saddle ho™* 3 -
Hunting, fishing, bathing and boa« n 8- F ™"£
Can accommodate 8. Adults, *7 00 per week.
Address F. Slmmerley, Cummings, Mendocino
County, Cal. • .
Haebl's Large ranch, at base of mount-
tains; 2 miles south of Willlts, on the Over-
land stage road. Through ticket. Good, com-
fortable rooms. Croquet grounds; wheeling
good; hunting and fishing. Plenty of shade
and cold water. Guests taken to redwoods and
special places of interest. Horses and rigs for
hire. Daily mail. Can accommodate 12. Adults,
$7 00 per week. Address, Mrs. M. A. Haehl,
Willlts, Mendocino County. Cal.
Sanford's Mineral Springs— On Eel
River. Gravelly Valley. Lake County. In the
midst of a great hunting and fishing region.
Arrangements for camping are to be made with
John-Sanford at-St. James Hotel, corner La-
guna and McAllister streets, San Francisco.
No one permitted on grounds without permis-
sion from him. -
Lngnna < Farm — Mile and a half from
Olivet station. 8 miles from Santa Rosa. Will
meet guests at Olivet station On the shore of
a lake. Boating, fishing and bathing. Plenty
of shade and fruit. Can accommodate 14.
Adults, $6 00 per week; special rates for fam-
ilies. Telephone and dally mail. Address Mrs.
R. Ballard. Mt. Olivet, Sonoma County, Cal.
White Oak Farm — Two miles from
Trenton station. Will meet guests. Quiet
home. Woods, running streams, fruit orchard,
etc Can' accommodate 15. Adults. *7 00 per
week: special rates for families. Address Mrs.
E. Surryhne, Trenton. Sonoma County. Cal.
Ideal Fruit Farm— Two miles from
Trenton station. Will meet guests. 50 acres.
Fruit ranch. Fruit free to guests. Shady
groves; running streams; children s pond, with
boat; platform swing and gentle donkey. Sev-
eral cottages and floored tents, furnished for
housekeeping. Camping facilities for those
who bring their own tents. Address N. A.
Griffith Trenton. Sonoma County. Cal.
Wail's, Hilton— Short distance from sta-
tion On Russian River. . Address Mrs. J.
Wall ' Hilton P. O., Sonoma County, Cal.
-Hilton's Summer Resort — At Hilton
station, on the banks of the Ruslsan River.
Fruit ranch. Redwood forest. Boating, fishing
and bathing. Dally mail. 2 trains daily from
San Francisco. Can accommodate 20. Adults,
J7 00 per week; children, half rates. Address
T P. Brown, Hilton, Sonoma County, Cal.
" Wall's Springs One mile from Green
Valley station. Will meet guests. In the hills,
a short distance from Russian River. Hot sul-
phur baths. Can accommodate 40. Adults, $7 00
per week; special rates for families. Address
H. C. Wall, Hilton. Sonoma County, Cal.
Florence's, Guerneville— Pleasantly situ-
ated: Boating, bathing and fishing. Can ac-
commodate 10. Adults. $7 00 per week; children
under 10. U 00. Address Mrs. M. Florence,
Guerneville, Sonoma County, Cal.
Redwood Helsfhts, Guerneville— Near
town. Will meet guests. Boating, bathing and
fishing Can accommodate 15. Terms, $7 00 per
week- children, half rates. Good location for
campers. Board furnished If desired. Address
Mrs G W. Beebe, Guerneville, Sonoma County,
Cal.". .
Stairirs', Guerneville— Quarter or a mile
from town, on bank of Russian River. Bath-
ing rowing, fishing. Plenty of shade. Will
meet guests. Can accommodate IS." Adults, J7 00
per week; special rates by the month. Camping
privileges, with or without board, at reason-
ables rates. Address Mrs. H. A. Staggs, Guer-
neville, Sonoma County, Cal.
Pino Grande Rancli, Guerneville— Six
miles from town. Will meet guests. Mountain
ranch 700 acres. Elevation 800 feet In the
redwoods. Orchard. Excellent bathing. Two
houses: cottages and tents. Can accommodate
30 Adults, $7 00 to JS 00 per week; children, half
rates Excellent sites for campers who wish
board. -Address N. Daniels, Guerneville, So-
noma County, Cal. i
Sonthslde Farm,' Guerneville— Quarter of
a mile from town. Will meet guests. Pleas-
antly situated on a knoll overlooking Russian
River and the town. Can accommodate 30.
Adults $7 50 and »8 00 per week; children under
12 half rates. Address A. L. Guerne, Guerne-
ville. Sonoma County. Cal. ,-U. ;
Yarlirongh's, Guerneville — One mile from
town Will meet guests. Farm ¦ home. Sur-
rounded by mountains covered with redwoods.
Plenty of shade and fruit; hammocks. New
house, newly furnished. Boating, bathing. Can
accommodate 15. • Adults. $1 CO per day; children
under 10, half rates. Address N. L. Tarbrough.
Guerneville, Sonoma County, Cal.
Stevens'— On banks of a branch, of So-
noma Creek, • half mile from Schellvllle. Will
meet guests. Fishing, -boating, bathing. Can
accommodate 4. Adults, $6 00 per week; Ad-
dress Mrs. W. Stevens, Schellvllle, Sonoma
County, Cal. . : .
McGlll's, Sonoma— On the edge of the
town.' Will meet guests. Plenty of shade.
Pleasantly located. Can accommodate 9. .Ad-
dress Mrs. F. L. McGlll. Sonoma, I Sonoma
County, Cal.
Half-AVny House— Twenty-five miles
west of Ukiah; on the Orr's Springs and Men-
docino stage road. Through ticket. In the red-
woods. 'Daily mall. Mountain streams. Fish-
ing and hunting. Can accommodate 20. Adults.
$7 00 per week. ; Address Mrs. J. . Hanaen,
Comptche, ' Mendocino County, Cal.
.. Cottnere Home, Santa Rosa— In suburbs
Will meet guests. Plenty of * shade. Ham-
mocks. . Mail twice ' a day. Can accommodate
2. • Adults, • 17 00 per week. Address 1 Mrs. , II.
Fhelan, Santa Rosa, Sonoma CcJunty,' Cal.
Lairrrnoe Villa, Sonoma— "Will raee^.
guests. Pleasant location. Plenty of shade.
Can accommodate 25. Adults, $5 00 per week;
children, $2 50. Address Henry Pellissier. So-
noma, Sonoma County, Cal.
Webber'n, Sonoma— Three-quarters of a
mile from town. Means of transfer, omnibus.
Pleasant location. Address C. K. "Webber. Eo-
noma, Sonoma County, Cal.
Chappell's, Healdsburz-On banks of
Russian River. 9 miles from Healdsburs. Fiih-
ing and bathing. 300 acres. Can accommodata
8. Adults. $7 CO per week; children, halt rates;
special rates to families. Address- J. D. Cnap-
pell. Alexander Valley P. O., Sonoma County,
Cell.
Ilellroae Park, Sonoma— Summer resort
and camping- grounds. One mile west of town,
on Sonoma Creek. Will meet guests at Sono-
ma. Boating, bathing-. fishing. Extensive
Erove, croquet grounds, swings, hammocks.
Convenient to California Hot Spring. Four
cottages, furnished or unfurnished. Camping
spots. Rooms, with or without board. Ad-
dress H. X. Kellogg, manager. Sonoma. So-
noma County. Cal.
Eden Dale, Sonoma — One m'le from
Schellvllle; 2 miles from Sonoma. Will meet
guests. Large fruit ranch. Modern house,
with beautiful surroundings. Rooms large and
airy. Sonoma Creek runs thrcush the place.
Bathing and fishing. Free drives. Convenient
to Boyes' Hot Springs, Can accommodate 8.
Adults, J10 per week. Addrers Mrs. M. E.
Gearhart. P. O. box G. Sonoma. Sonoma
County, Cal.
Aprlcota^e, Sonoma. — Two miles from,
town. Will meet guests. Boating, bathing,
nsninj. huntlns; croquet grounds. ) Orchard
and cows. Do our own cocking. Can accom-
modate 13. Adults. $7 per week: children. $4.
AdOress John AVatt. Sonoma. Sonoma. County.
Monahan Villa, Sonoma— On the edge of
town; 4 blocks from depot. Two furnished cot-
tasos, cne of 5 rooms and tha other of 3 rooms;
$15 and $10 per month. Address T. F. Mona-
han. 223 Fourteenth St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Boyeii' Hot Springs, Verano— Two and
a half miles from Sonoma. "Will meet guesta
at Verano station. Mineral baths; water 112*
F. Pleasant surroundings. Fine shade trees.
New, up-to-date building, with baths ana wait-
ing-rooms for ladles and gentlemen. ¦ Boarders
not taken, but hot- or cold lunches supplied on
order. Feed and stabling for teams. A few
choice spots for campers. Address Captala and
Mrs. Boye3, p. O. box 13, Sonoma. Sonoma
Cocnty. Cal." . - . --
Bellervtie Hotel, Verano— JTear Sonoma
Creek. Bathing, fishing. Pleasant surround-
ings. Near hot. spring. Adults. $7 and upward
per week. Address Peter Goulihardou. Lessee.
El Verano P.- O.. Somor.a County. Cal.
Pioneer - Grove At Verano station.
Boarders- taken. Rooms for rent. Plenty of
shade. Beautiful grove. Running stream.
Splendid location for campers. Near Boyes*
Hot Springs. . Address P. Olsen. £1 Verano
P. O.. Sonoma. Cal.
Wilkinson's, Verano — Three cottagos fur-
nished for housekeeping, about 100 yard* from
Verano station, one of 6 rooms and two of 3
rxKOTS each. Delivery wagons bring marketing
daily to the door. Convenient .to Boyes' Hot
t-prinzs. Address Charles T. "Wilkinson. £1
Verano P. O., Sonoma County. Cal.
Vine Cottage, Verano— One mils from
station. Will meet guests. Convenient to
Boyes' Hot Springs. Can accommodate 4. Ad-
dress T. Graham, Vine Cottage. El Verano
P. O.. Sonoma County. Cal.
Pension Francalse, Verano— Near sta-
tion, on Sonoma Creek. Will meet guests.
Fishing, swimming and bathing. Can accom-
modate 25. Adults. $a per week. Address C.
Dutil, El Verano P. O., Sonoma County. Cal.
Do-wdair*, Verano— Half mile from sta-
tion. Will meet guests. Charming surround-
ings. Can accommodate 4. Address Mrs. B. J.
Dowdall. Sonoma P. O., Sonoma County, Cal.
Idlevrild, Glen Ellen— One mile from
town. Will meet guests. Cannot furnish
board. Four completely furnished houses. $13
to 123 per month; one of 5 rooms, the others
of 3 rooms each. Pleasantly located on bank
of Eonoma Creek. Beautiful redwood grove.
Lots of fruit, free. Vehicles for hire. Addres« .
J. G. Cromwell, . Glen Ellen. Sonoma County.
Cal.
Lennl Vineyard, Glen Ellen— Half mil*
from town. In the foothills. Pleasant sur-
roundings. Can accommodate 6. Adults. $7
per week; children under 7. half rates. Ad-
dress Mrs. Charles Kennedy, Glen Ellen. So-
noma County Cai. „ __
Glen Oaks Raneh, Glen Ellen— Three-
quarters of a mile from town. Will meet
guests. In the hills. Old oak trees surround-
ing house. Romantic canyoa close to ranch.
Large, • airy rooms. Can accommodate 20.
Adults. $7 per week; children under 12. $4.
Address Frederick Qulen. Glen Ellen. Sonoma
County Cal.
Weener Villa, Glen Ellen— One mil.
from town, In the foothills of the Sonoma
Mountains. Will meet guests. Everything for
tho comfort and pleasure of guests. Beside*
its beautiful location, grove and walks therw
are croquet and quoit grounds and a larscai
playground for children; hall for dancing;
sl.uffleboard. Mineral water. Hot and cold
baths. Can accommodate 40. Adults. S3 to
$10 per week: children, according to age; spe-
cial rates for families. Address J. Wegner.
Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cal.
Redwood Farm, Glen Ellen— Thre.
miles from town. Will meet guests. Moun-
tainous surroundings. Mineral springs. Sul-
phur tub baths. Wide verandas; croquet
grounds; plenty of shade. Can accommodate
23 Adults. $3 per week; children. $4; special
rates for families. Address W. A. Thompson.
Glen Ellen. Sonoma Countv. CaL .
Waldruhe's, Glen Ellen — Pour mile*
from Glen Ellen. In the heart of Sonoma
Mountains; elevation. 20CO feet. Will meet
guests at Glen Ellen. Arbors, shady walks.
Pleasant drives; hot and cold baths; Ice-cold
spring water; electric lights: croquet, swim-
mine fishing. Can accommodate 3<X Adults,
$7 to'$10 per week: children, according to age.
Dally mail, rural delivery. Address C. H. W.
Bruning. . Santa Rosa. Sonoma County. Cal.
Ciark'n, Glen Ellen— Furnished cottage. 3
miles west of Glen Ellen. Near Graham Canyon.
5 rooms. New furniture. Rent. $2» 00 per
month. Address George G. ClaMc. Glen Ellen.
° n oSk Sbsde, Glen Ellen— Three and a ha!S
miles from Glen Ellen. Will meet guests.
Quiet, homelike farm. Capital accommoda-
tions. Pretty surroundings. Can accommodate
8. Dally mail; rural delivery. Adults. $7 00 per
week; children, hair rates. Address H W.
Brunlng. Oak Shade. Bennet Valley. San»a
Rosa Sonoma Countv. CaL
Los Gnllieos) Warm Springs, Glen
Ellen— Three and a half miles from Glen Ellen.
"Will meet gueots. Charge. 50 cents each way.
Including baggage. Warm sulphur baths,
swimming pool In Sonoma Creek. Grand old
oaks. Dancing pavilion, tennis court, hops and
musical entertainments. In cottages, can ac-
commodate 20. In tents, can accommodate 100.
Adults $7 00 per week: children under 13. $3 *>.
Address Mrs. P. T. X. Wate. Loci Box 34.
Kenwood. Sonoma County. CaL •_:
HUl's A few minutes' walk from ET-
dridge station. Two 4-room furnished cottages.
No board. Beautiful location. Plenty of shade,
etc. Rent per cottage, $20 00 per month. Ad-
dress K. P. Hill. Eldrtdgs P. O., Sonoma
O1 Keiley'« Ranch, Petaluma— In the foot-
hills between Petaluma and Sonoma. Will
meet guests. Mineral springs. Lake on ranch.
Boating. Can accommodate 8. Adults, $3 and,
utward per week; children under 10, half rates.
Address Mrs. Sarah J. Kelley, Petaluma, So-
noma County. CaL ' - -
> • " CAMP REVERIE.
In the Russian River redwoods. An outtns
on a- new plan. On Juno 1 this year Camp
Reverie will be opened in a redwood grove on
the Guerneville branch cf the California North-
western Railway, midway between Fulton and
Guerneville. .. .
In the forenoon there will be address*, by
a number of people engaged In literary and
other public work, acknowledged authorities
in their several fields, full of Ideas and equip- «
ped'with facts. They will rive their knowl-
edge their thought, their interpretation of
nature, life, things, men. events, art. litera-
ture history, science and whatever lies In th»
intellectual horixon of the times.
The addresses wlU not be of a heavy, tech-
nical character, but In the nature of direct
"The'" win 'be a careful avoidance of tad.
and "Isms." and most especially of all reli-
gious controversy.
There will be frequent evening entertain-
ments, besides the many Impromptu ones ar-
rcnged under the genial Influence of the nightly
camp fire.
Accommodation and Termi.
There will be on the grounds a complete out- |
fit for boarding and lodging a larsa number
of people— practically a hotel under canvas.
Table abundantly supplied with wholesome
food carefully prepared, skillfully cooked andl
tastefully served.
Prices Table Board.
Adults. $8 50 per week; C5 per month. Chil-
dren under 8 years, Si CO per week. $15 per
month.
Tent a.
Guests can bring their own tents and fur-
nishings If they wish. No charge for space.
Tents In three sizes— furnished or unfur-
nished, as desired— and accommodating as few
or as many as guests themselves may deter-
mine, will be rented on the following terms.
Everything new:
"Unfurnished tents— t%x 9% fl 23
Same tents with floors and 9%x V& J 59
furnished with box mattress oa 10 xl3 S 00
legs, hotel bureau and wash- 12 xll S SO
stand, two chairs and small
rocker, wash bowl and pitcher,
but no bedding. ¦
Same tents with floor and 9^x 9^4 2 50
furniture. Including pillows, 10 xl2 3 73
sheets, blankets and towels. 12 xl4 4 25
Extra beds, mattresses or other pieces of fur-
niture as desired; and also service* of chamber-
maid will be supplied at small additional ccst.
For further particulars address
SECRETART CAMP REVERIE ASS'N.
1329 Sprinc St.. B?rkel<»y, Cal.
Or room 81. Flood building. San Francisco,
where the secretary wiM be on M<viday s.
Wednesdays and Saturdays, from 12 to 4 p. m.
Ticket offices, 650 Market Street (Chronicle Building) and TXburoh Ferry. General^^ Off ice:, Mutual Life Building, Sansome and California Streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager. O . ! : : £;; ;> Ri X; : RYAN,-Genepal Passenger Agent.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL .7, 1901.
28
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
LADY win- give services in return for instruc-
tions in English branches; -sew or assist at
any kind of work from 9 until 4 daily. Ad-
dress box 2909. Call office. - . ¦ .
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, situation
to do light housework and care of children.
Call or address 362 Third st. ¦ '
MIDDLE-AGED German lady without incum-
, brance wishes position as housekeeper- good
home more than wages; country. Box 2S30,
Call . office.
TRAINED nurse wishes employment in physi-
cian's or dentist's office; .first-class refer-
ences; will work reasonable. Address box
2849. Call office. . ' ' '
LADY would like children's and plain sewing
at home or by the day. Address MRS.
FISHER. 2221 Webster Bt. - - -
NEAT young girl wishes & place for light
housework; country preferred. ' 446 Seventh
St., near Bryant.
REFINED young widow, conscientious and
careful, wishes position as housekeeper.. Box
2S03. Call office.
WANTED— Work by the day by competent
woman; $1 10 a day. 1431 Polk st
SITUATION wanted by a competent Swedish
girl as cook or general housework In a small
family. Call Monday at 713 Minna st.
A NORWEGIAN woman desires situation to
cook for men: any place through the country;
$30. MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter st.
SKIRTS and waist linings cut and fitted, 23c.
10 Metcalf place, near Mason, off Geary.
BY May 1, situation wanted by a refined young
woman as companion, care of invalid or chil-
dren; city ref. ; wages $25 to $30; country pre-
f erred. Address American, box 2923. Call.
WOMAN would like to work out by the day.
" 725 Broadway. < -
A WOMAN wants plain sewing and mending;
call after 6 p. m. : also will do housework.
E. E. M.. 116 Sixth st.
HONEST middle-aged German woman, with-
out incumbrances. desires chamberwork In
hotel, respectable lodging-house or resort.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 952 Mission st., second floor.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper by a
widow from Butte, Mont. Call , or address
: E. M., 404 Turk St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ,1033
Valencia st. ; ¦•¦ . ¦ • . "
EMPLOYMENT WANTEP---MALE.
BY trustworthy, reliable, active man, large
business experience; Income ia Insufficient;
live on small salary; pleasant occupation;
No. 1 references. Please address box 290, Calif
BY an Industrious, trustworthy.' active mani i
outdoor occupation preferred; good home more
an object than salary; No. 1 references.
Please address box 289, Call office.
SITUATION by young man (German), taking
care of horses, cow, garden ; useful in gen-
eral;' references. Address E. BURKE, Ar- 1
lingtcn Hotel, 474 Ninth St., cor Washington,
Oakland, Cal. • ' .
COACHMAN desires situation in private fam-
ily; thoroughly understands his business In
all its branches. As to references and quali-
fications address C. S., 2116 Point Lobos ave.
ENGINEER (German), middle-aged, licensed,
with' thoroueh knowledge about ice machin-
ery and able to take charge • of plant. Is
open for engagement; first-class reference.
Address B. T., box 2S28, Call office.
WANTED— Position by gentleman of 22, has
held positions of trust; used to handling
men; would .travef f6r tirm or any position
where faithful service is wanted; give me
a trial and a show to work up, I will not
disappoint you. .Box 2906, Call office. . . i-
MECHANICAL engineer would . like situation;
stationary, hoisting or pump work.' Address
Engineer Headquarters, 105 and 107 Mission
st. . S. F. ; telephone Main 562.
ENGINEER, first-class mechanic wants posi-
tion. Address A. O. IT., box 2896, Call.
POSITION wanted by competent man as col-
lector- bonds and references; salary no. ob-
ject... Box 2829, Call office. . ' . . -
MAN wants work;, thoroughly understands in-
cubator and chickens; good horseman and
driver; all round work; wages $18 month. Box
2799, Call office^ .
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden: good driver; handy with
tools. 'Box 2S74. Call office. -
BY an experienced pastry cook, situation in
good hotel: can do meat cooking If necessary.
Box 2917, Call office.
COMPETENT and thoroughly experienced
stenographer,', young man, energetic and am-
bitious ¦ desires position; Al references. Box
2918, Call office.
BAKER wants ''job; second hand; competent
and reliable; country. Baker, 227 Second st.
A GRADUATE in pharmacy wants employ-
ment in city or country: single man. Ad-
' dress Druggist, box 2821, Call.
MAN and wife, without children, wish situa-
tion to take charse of a ranch; best of ref-
erences given. Box 2928. Call office.
GOOD reliable man and wife wish work on I
ranch; wife good plain cook. Box 2929, Call.
SITUATION wanted— Eastern man, very, reli-
able and honest, with best of habits, would
like position of trust; best of reference from
last employer. Box 2871, Call office.
WANTED by middle-aged man— Place in the
country; handy ;man In everything: will do
anything; will give good" references. Box
2794, Call office. . (
STEADY reliable man wishes situation; private
house; taking care of horses, housework and
make himself generally useful. Cox 2865, Call.
BY a. first-class cake baker and confectioner;
good references; wants situation. Box 2795.
Call office.
GARDENER wants a situation; slng-le; best
references: thoroughly understands the busi-
ness. Box 2217. Call office. Oakland.
CARPENTER wants steady work; would in-
vest small capital. Box 2S63, Call office.
RELIABLE single man wants a Job as a plain
gardener; understands to milk and raise veg-
etables; also handy with tools; with best of
references. Box 2800. Call office.
YOUNG man of presentable address, with $100
and Al references, desires position with some
reliable firm. Address P. A. B., room 155,
Yosemite House, 1045 Market St.. city.
AMERICAN, 30 years, single, wants situation
as working foreman in milk dairy; 3 years
with last employer; references. Box 2791, Call.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants a posi-
tion; has the best of references. Box 2793, Call.
OLD man seeks any employment. -Box 2S75,
Call office. •
¦WANTED — By Eastern man, position of trust;
understands the use of steam and handy with
tools. Address box 2792, Call office.
j YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, type-
writer, bookkeeper, would like position; city
or country- Box 28G3. Call office.
MARRIED gardener with first-class references
desires situation.. Add. V.. P., box 2858, Call.
BY experience' 1 , dry good man: in country
town; dress goods or domostlc; no window
' trimming; -good references. Box 2784, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1C96
Valencia st. ¦
FINANCIAL. ~~ ~~.
FOR INVESTORS ?!7~~~ ™ ~~ ™ ~
,' ¦ •'. ' I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city, property: gilt-'
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations: money to
loan; investments made; bank references ; cor-
respondence solicited.
T. OTWAT SADLEIR.
. : ,' 'Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
San Francisco.
MULTIPLY your income by 3, 4, 5 or 6 without i
risk, work or trouble; eminently respectable;!
middle-aged or- elderly persons with some
money and no family. Address SCOTT RICE, ,
Box 14, CaM office. . j
$fiCOO LOAN -wanted on Improved ranch prop-
| erty within €5 miles of S. F. ; will pay 8 per
', cent net. Box 2S43, Call office.
FLATS TO LET. '
A'. SNAP — Five rooms, bath; near Taylor and
Geary; $25. SPECK & CO. ¦
A FOUR-ROOM flat In fine residence district;
. very reasonable. Apply 249 Pierce st. '
ELEGANT Flat of 9 rooms and bath. 1304
Masonic _ave. ; rent $32 50. .
FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 6 Welsh st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and . bath. 1307 A ' Broadway ;
rent $12 50. — - .
NICE lower flat,' 5 rooms, bath, " garden ; keys
I at S2S Lombard st.,-1 to 3. v
NICE sunny flat; corner; 7 rooms and tath.
. . 402 ' Ninth ; st. ' ... ' . ¦ . !
TWO sunny fiats near City Hall; 6-room fiat, '
• 12 Grove st. ; 4-room fiat, 62 Ivy ave. '¦
4 ROOMS and bath. 14 Bruce place, off Folsom
St., bet. Seventh an<i Eighth; rent $11.
$6 50— FLAT of 3 rooms. •; 246 Harriet St., bet.
¦ Sixth and Seventh. , Harrison - and Bryant.
$25— SUNNY-. flat 8 rooms; bath, washroom and
¦ yard. 16D0 Hayes st., near Panhandle.;';
¦ BUSIJTESa CTAKCEt--Contlnned.
A NEWLY patented device for 'military pur-
poses in camp, trench and hospital, thus In-
viting' Government contracts; for miners,
prospectors and campers, in cold, frozen and
all regions, from whom the demand should
be large, as this device would be the means'
of saving thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc.; for cattlemen, fanners, dairy-,
men, orchanlists, etc. ; for railroad, gas and*
water companies; It will form a most profit-
able basis for organizing- a company to ex-
' plolt It; the patent of this most - lucrative
monopoly is offered for only one-half .its ap-
praised value. Address . box . 162, 1 Berkeley
P. P.. Cal. ¦ . ' ;
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years
a large California house would like to make
other connections in canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc. ; best references furnished if neces-
. > nary. Address room 311, Board of Trade build-
ing. New Orleans.
A— $350: RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city; this is positively worth over $1000,
but it must go Immediately. Business Board
of Trade, 326 Pine et; phone Davis 326.
PARTNER wanted, silent or active, to Invest
$800 with two mechanics, plumber and tinner,
to start business in country town; hardware
store, plumbing and tinning. Box 2920, Call.
BUSINESS man (38) wants to Join firm or cor-
poration, either new or established; 'will con-
tribute services and $7000 or so; state nature
of business. Box 2919, Call office.
A BARGAIN— Milk depot; butter and eggs and
delicacy store; 2 furnished rooms; make offer;
leaving city. 324 Fifth St. -
HIGHLY profitable, exclusive staple formulas;
world-wide field; promoter or investor. Ad-
dress box 2910. Call office. \
FOR sale — Paying lunch house and bar. In-
quire at MURKEN'S grocery, corner Pine
and Polk sts. ,
WILL sell half interest in a first-class family
resort'; established for years; no opposition; a
grand opportunity for a man of moderate
means. Address P. O. box 72, Oakland, Cal.
SMALL steam laundry at a bargain; power and
water Included in rent. Box 2S66, Call office.
A GOOD paying saloon; day business; cheap
rent; good location; downtown. Address box
2788. Call office.
INVEST $200, good cash business, and receive
good salary in return. Box 2905, Call office.
WANT to buy cigar stand; will not pay over
$300. Box 2931, Call office. .
1 $500— PARTNER wanted in cleaning business.
Box 2924, Call office.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for mechanic
with some little capital to obtain paying posi-
tion In a new furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Address O. F., box 2827, Call office.
CIGAR store for sale. 238% East st., near Fol-
corn. •
FOR sale— Small restaurant; cheap; two living-
rooms. Box 2895, Call office. ,
WANTED — Partner " In butcher business; expe-
rience not needed; references. 3055 Sixteenth.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
'
¦FOR SALE— Account ill health; general mer-
- chandise store In thriving manufacturing
center; 15 miles from San Francisco; $3500 or
by Invoice. Call box 2783. Call.
GOOD paying,, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City, Cal..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200- Fillmore.
LOD G IX G-HOPS E S "fo'bPsALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and & Stockton :st.-
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If' you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and »>rlce3. Buyers, see our list
of bargains:
84 rooms. "Van Ness; rent $180; boarding-
house: good furniture and carpets ...$35C0
31 rooms; Market; rent $150; good transient;
always full; good investment .-.$1190.
85 rooms; Howard; rent $80; good transient
house; pays well .\'.-$90O
20 rooms; Turk; rent $S0; new ....$iS-10
12 rooms; rent $65; hardwood "furniture; good
carpets; clears $100: private boarding-house. $1100
15 rooms; rent $70; elegant furniture, with
piano; always full; table board ........ $1100
Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
sonable rates.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A—^00 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market 600
14 rooms on Third St., near Market 550
14 rooms on Mission st 1 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 : 1000
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary bt. ; clears $135 1300
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
85-room house: cleavs $800 6000
80-room boarding-hou3e; clears $800 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good...... 325
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms. ¦ ¦¦ .
ABSTRACTS. FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at VA per cent. ¦ - — : '.y.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Eth. .
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THH
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN. • -
5 rooms; fine location; slegant furniture. $2W
11 rooms; always full; good income; only.$!>00
15 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $100?
27 rooms; apartment house- -well furn....*6S(i
46 rooms; downtown; a wise investment. $2650
89 rooms; modern house; clears $450 mo..$9:)00
150 rooms; first-class hotel; bus. people.. $25, 009
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st. i
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean; clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
30 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments -.... 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
MORTGAGED HOUSES THAT MUST SELL !
21 rooms; new; near Market st .....$1350
20 rooms; central; part each 100O
32 rooms; corner; good houee 2700
24 rooms; offer wanted; see it , li>W
47 rooms; rent only $60........ 1100
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Maiket st
LODGING-HOUSES, boardlng-housea and ho- I
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfactiop guaranteed. Call
G.- W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
24 SUNNY rooms; rent only $70 ...$170 < >
17 rooms; all light: transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half .can stand 250O
35 rooms; Howard; well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
35 ROOMS on Howard; rent $80; price $1000. -
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
II rooms; McAllister st.; rent $40; price $550.
,' 14 rooms; Mission st. ; rent $50; price $550.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
X. A. ~X.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.— By Call bldg.
1 have houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchange. I will lend you part of the
money and get you a erood title.'
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st. : tel. Jessie 15W.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
• 16 rooms; Hyde; very finely furnished GOO
20 rooms; rent $30; location" desirable.... 909
If a bargain we have them at'any price.
$7500 — A SNAP — 30-room nearly new hotel, with
2 stores; large lot: main street, 'Alameda;
will exchange. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market Bt,
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
home; rent $25. 1614 Bush Et.
14 ROOMS, central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Donncliy Co..' 632 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnited States or Canada one year for »1.
~~~~~ SPIRITUALISM. - ~~~
'K7fOW~ : Y^)mufELFT~i3e]^
WISDOM ! Learn to take advantage of the
flood tide that bears to FORTUNE. Send
date of month of birth for complete charac-
ter delineation,' practical advice, etc., 25c;
-three Questions answered, 25c;. lectures de-
livered by appointment; interesting demon-
strations; PHYCHIC CARTOMANCY, new in
the field of OCCULTISM. Send stamp rbr
particulars. Address "SPHINXIA," , P. O.
box 2165, San Francisco. . ¦ . * .
ARRIVED— The celebrated gyp&y Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name -the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
-world so eure of his occult power that h^
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 1382 Market st., opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world -renowned spiritual 'medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sua, Wed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), 513 Eddy, bet Hyde-Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. - WHITNEY, trance. business
¦ medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tlngs ?1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN, trancfr medium; advice In all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7. to 9
.at 33 Sixth St.. rooms 16 and 17.". . ' . '
MRS. LOUISE S; DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
EARLE. 622 Gearys st, telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues. and;Thurs.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,' card
. reader and . healer. .¦: 146 Eddy st. ;'i '<¦':••:¦:
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllisters-Mrs. C.J.
1 Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c;
HELP WASTED FEMALE— — Con.
EXPERIENCED finishers' and tuckers on la-
dles' waists. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome.
¦
GIRL wanted to assist with children and gen-
eral housework at . 103 Juniper st.
WANTELv-Expertenced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ZXd Flllmore st.
A RRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at U :i j1
Valencia st.
~ HE LP WAXTED-MALE.
A— ALL YE THAT LABOR
......COME UNTO MURRAY & READY
AND WE WILL FURNISH YOU WITH
WORK. Following are only a few of the po-
sitlona we have to offer
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.. MONDAY
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
3 millwrights. Sawmill Co.. $4 day, fare paid;
3 carpenters. Sawmill Co.. fare paid: black-
smith, foundry, country $3 50 day
blacksmith. R. R. camp *t_
8 blacksmiths, shops, ranches and camps. (1
day. $75, $40 and $35; carriage and wagon
painters J|*
harness- maker, country v."VA', !
SAWMILLS FARMS : DAIRIES
WE SHIP TO-DAY •
20 laborers, no experience required, to work ia
mills, yards, woods :*"V
FOR A SYNDICATE RANCH. 5 more handy
men make themselves useful.... $20 and foun.t
3 farmers and wives $*> and $4t>
cheesemaker. butter-maker. 2oc fare
stenographer and assist bookkeeper.. ... ....$->
6 bakers, different country shops. $53. $40......
Third hand baker. $40; bakers' helpers: cook
and dishwasher, plain hotel. $40 and $15; 9
hotel and restaurant cooka, $50 and $40; wait-
ers, city and country hotels.
MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay st
A— C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
....'. RAILROAD WORK •.-•.
Teamsters, Nevada Free fare
Teamsters, Ukiah •••;-
Heading men. Chatsworth Park $3 j>«
Timber men. Chatsworth Park $3 50
Drillers. Chatsworth Park ._.... .$3 50
Fre« fare Free t*™
Box factory foreman, country. $3 a day;
sash and door man. country, $3 a day; 8 milk-
ers, $30 and $40; 2 blacksmiths. $2 25 and $2 50
a day; choremen, $20 and $25; millwrights.
country, $4 a day; « carpenters. $2 50 to $3 5i>
a day; 10 laborers to build road In the wood*.
$28 and found: fare paid for above order.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler, restaurant, $50: broiler, hotel. S4S|
cake baker, country. $60; baker, institution,
country. $35; 6 cooks. $30 to $30; cook. hoUl
restaurant, $12 a week; meat cook. city. $14
a week; 10 kitchen hands and dishwashers.
$20 to $30; 3 waiters, country hotel. $35 and
free fare; 2 waiters, summer resort. $35 and
fare paid; 3 omnibuses, country hotel, $2S
and free fare; S neat young; men to carry off
dishes, country hotel. $23; 6 waiters, city and
country, $25 to $45: polishers, washers, stare ti-
ers and ironers. $30 to $40.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104. Q«ary st
A— WANTED
Bread baker, near city .....$6S
Baker's helper, city $25 and found
Plow hand $28 and harvest wage*
4 milkers, country Jobs $30
Cheese maker .*. $35
.Butter maker $30
Single hand miner $3 a day
Coopers, slack work $35 and found
2 boy 8 to learn trades; for new chophouse.
day and night cooks. $35 each. 2 waiters, $33
each. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third st; phon»
Red 31.
4 farm hands, $1 per day and board.
2 milkers, Italian-Swiss. $35 per month.
2 milkers, 15 to IS cow*, $25 per month.
2 machinists; 2 coppersmiths.
. 1 flrst-clasa edgerman, sawmill, country.
6 men for sawmills, ship to-day and Monday.
6 men for lumber woeds. $26 to $50 per month.
5 men to cut wood; 5 men to make ties. '
5 men to make pickets and posts, etc.
4 laborers, $1 75 and $2 per day.
3 waiters, city. $40. $30 and $25. board and rm.
2 cooks, city, $25, board and room.
1 experienced vegetable man. $20. board, rm.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; omy recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BOY for office work and to run errands; $20
per month. 661 Third st.
FRED PARTIUS— Send address to P. O. box
23. Benicia. Cal. .
SALESMAN. Address, with stamp. G. HAY-
WARD, 45 Summer st.. Providence. R. I.
CABINET-MAKERS and woodcarvers, non-
union; no oifice fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
WANTED — First-class salesman capable of.
earning good salary. Address Clerk, box 528.
Chicase. 111.
WANTED — An experienced wrapper for house-
hold supply department. Apply at HALQ
BROS.. 979-9S7 Market Kt.. before 11 a. m.
YOUNG man. experienced at Introducing spe-
cialty to the retail grocery trade; state age
and salary expected. Box 2325. Call office.
UNDERPRESSERS on coata, vests and pants.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— Good young steady union barber.
1759 Union st.
WANTED— Good blacksmith. Apply to J.
O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— Pants and vest makers. Apply at
JOE POHEIM'S, 1110 and 1112 Market st.
WANTED— Waiter; call «arly. Hotel. 6ns
Sixth st.
WANTED— Carriage oaTntcrs at LOWXEi'
BROS.. 428 Ninth st.
WANTED — Good dishwasher: one who under-
stands short orders. 1507 Market st.
UNION painters wanted: corner Nineteenth and
Lexington. J. H. LEMON.
WANTED— At 630 Market St., discharged aol-
diers to do clerical work. Call Monday be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. GEO. PATTISON.
BARBERS, call Stoltz's Barber Supply House.
723 Market, and see latest and most practical
revolving ch&ir; called "The Auto-back."
WANTED— Strong boy to learn horseshoeing:
1721 Market st.. near Haight; Monday early.
STRONG young man to help along In caJta
bakery; must have experience. 911& Larkin.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. woodworker
and helper. 537 Brannan st.
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted at 1814 llar-
ket «t
WANTED for V. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service in Philippines. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery
st.. San Francisco. Cal.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
EARN a better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, mechanical
drawing at home by correspondence; thou-
sands successful: Thomas A. Edison Indorses
Institute; book, "Can I Become an Electrical
Engineer?" mailed free. Electrical Engineer
Institute. New York.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc.; fre»
scholarship In engineering awarded to few
well recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
GOVERNMENT positions: thousands of aj>-
pointmepts from civil service examinations
held in all large cities; catalogue free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washing-
, ton. D. C. ,
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to wholesale and retail trade; we_^re the
largest and only manufacturers in our lino
In the world; liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ga.
WANTED — A porter and bedraaker for hotel In
Nevada, with references; wages $2r> and found
the first and $30 the n»x» following month.
Address box 2S6S. Call office.
BARBERS — Wanted furnished barber ship. 1 p r
2 chairs: furnished livln? rooms attached;
to rent: city or suburbs. Box 2S02. Call office.
WANTED— Dress goods salesman and a gent's
furnishing goods salesman: state experience,
! ape and salary expected. Box 2S73. Call office.
¦WANTED — First-class window dresser for dry
goods store: state experience, age and salary
expected. Box 2SD2. Can office.
STEADY man; light Indoor work; will Day $73
per month to start; steady place: must hav»
$225. READ & CO.. 1007% Market St.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only: -salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional, 302 Caxton bldg., Chicago. \
BARBER wanted at 1109 Thirteenth ave
East Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors. FRANCIS 7^8
S_tter st.
WANTED— Janitor: state age, experience and
salary expected. Address bcx 2R64. Call.
S MEN to sell table deiicacies; large promise-
call all day. 164 Tehama st. prom.se,
UNDERPRESSERS on ccata and pants. 541
_M.<_TKr?t S*« — *
FlttPT-CLAPS washer: wages $3 per day of
10 hours. Box 2S94. Call.
GENERAL compositor for printing office; two-
thlrder. PERXAU BROS.. 543 Clay st!
BO T, 3 wanted. Apply at Glass Works. Fifteenth
and Folsom ata. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. C 62 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WA^ TE P U " 5C0 J nen to DU y new and 2nd-hand
•army shoes. $1 up; »oling 20c up. 923 Howard.
FLATS TO WET — F_t_.1»I»--- '
A HANDSOME furnished flat of six rooms for
sale. Apply between 2 and 4 p. m., Z4i«
Bush st. •
DIAMOND. 819. near Twenty-fourth— 3 rooms.
PATTISON & CO., 11 City Hall square.
FURXITUIIE FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $50: five rooms, comfortably fur-
nished for family of 4 or 5; no rent to pay.
Call to-day (afternoon) at J01 Bennlngton St..
oft Cortland ave. i . -.
* ROOMS furnished in cak, $1S SO, with No. X
rarge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A BARGAIN— 1 parlor set, 1 bedroom set and
a child's crib. 106 Stiver St.. near Third.
FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see WiE.Cody. 7j7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— 1_ Vincent, 1205 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
¦ furniture & fum'd- houses bought: spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
CHAS. LEVY buys rcur furniture, carpet*.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
4 waitresses, Arizona, free fare $25
2 waitresses, south, free fare $25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel $20
Waitress, San Jose $25
Waitress, Vallejo $20
Waitress, Nevada Co.. see party here $20
2 waitresses. Institution, country $25
Chambermaid, institution, country * 25
• 2 restaurant waitresses $7 week
10 waitresses, city $20
Pastry cook, hotel, city .....$40
Pastry cook, short hours, sleep home..$i* week
Cook, 12 boarders. Oakland $30
Chambermaid to wait. Colusa, fare paid. ..$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Girl to take care of small children, choice
. place. $15 to $17 60, office fee paid by lady.
2 Rlrls for same family, housework
and care of children $20 and $15
Wanted by the 14th, good plain cook and
housework, small American family; office fee
paid by "lady.
Swedish house girls ?•»
Cook. German style. 2 In family $35
Cook, San Rafael, small family $30
House girl, Marin Co., see party here, $25;
French second rirl, $25; Swedish second girl,
$25; second girl. $20; 2 cooks, city. $30; house-
keeper for lady _nd two boys, $15; young
girl, light work and act as companion, $12;
Infant's nurse.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A MIDDLE-AGED American housekeeper; one
. who can take charge of a large family of
children and used to handling help; $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— French second girl, $25; cook for
students. $30; cook for miners, $30; cook for
. restaurant, country, $40; 4 second girls, city,
$20; 6 cooka, German style, $30; cook, wash
and iron, country, $30; 6 waitresses, city,
family hotels, $20; 4 waitresses, country
hotels, $20 and $25; 3 waitresses, restaurant, $
and $7 a week; a large number of girls for
housework in city and country at $20, $25 and
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
LADY who can play piano for office of first-
class resort: see Darty here. MRS. M. B.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary at.
GIRLS at MRS. BLESSING'S Employment
Office, 415 Stockton St.; call bet. 1 and 7.
WANTED— First-class finishers on good pants;
steady work; good pay. Inquire Monday and
Tuesday at JOE LANCASTER'S, Tenth and
Washington sts., Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires to meet lady traveling
to Britain; object companionship. Box 2867,
Call office^
GOOD home for elderly invalid lady. 1450
Fruitvale ave., Frultvale. Cal.
SALESLADY cf experience wanted for cloak
- and suit department; steady position to right
party; state experience. Address L. M., box
2870, Call office.
WANTED— Young, neat girl to do second work
and wait on table. Call untllnoon, Monday.
2121 California st. .
WANTED— First-class chocolate dipper. Ad-
dress box 2796, Call office. •
WANTED— Good lively woman cook for half
day; restaurant. 544 Mission; call Monday.
DRESSMAKER help wanted at 1207% Bush
street. - .
TWO young girls at silk factory. 31 Jessie st
FINISHERS on cloaks. Apply M. SIMINOFF,
1228 Market st. :
ALL kinds of help wanted in factory; opera-
tors on machine; hand sewers, ironers and
women to take work home on ladles' and
children's wear. 723 Market St., room 35.
WOMAN to cook and do light housework :
Alameda; family of 5; $20. H. A. SMITH,
2a Market st.
WHOLESALE house desires tha services of a
woman not under 25. who Is Intelligent and
trustworthy; no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 2312, Call office.
EXPERIENCED machine sewers to take work
1 home. 723 Market st, room 35.
WANTED — Good pantsfinishers; steady work;
I good wages. HENRY HILP. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; small family; home; $12. 1510 Vallejo.
GIRL for sreneral housework: small flat: two
people; wages $10 to $12. 1039A Dolores st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; $20.
Call 1833 Ellis st. ' .
A GIRL wanted to do tucking on sewing ma-
chine. MRS. E. LYNCH. 1C03 Market st.
MILLINERY trimmers for children's hats;
also makers. MRS. E. LYNCH. 1003 Market.
WANTED— A girl to take care of child 8 years
old. Apply Monday bet. 9 and 11. 1392 Geary.
APPRENTICES on coats, vests and pants; paid
while learning. BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541
Market ft. ¦ . '
FINISHERS on pants; steady, work. BELAS-
CO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on pants and vests; steady work.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WAJ3T and skirt hands wanted. 121 Post
St., room 33.
WANTEEV-Girls for dressmaking. Call at 1407
Laguna st
GIRL waitresses wanted at 207 Third st.
WANTED— First-cl.iss saleslady for cloak and
' suit house; good salary. Bcx 2930, Call office..
TAILORESS on custom-maje coats; $2 per day;
also improvers. 272 Stevenson et.. bet. Third
and Fourth. • .
NOON waitress; call *arly Monday morning.
613 Brannan st, near Fourth.
PANTS finisher; steady -work: also apprentice;
paid while learning. 14 McAllister, room IS.
WANTED— A dressmaker, who would exchange
sewing for first-class music or French les-
sons. 1236 Market St.. room 119; 2 to 7 p. m.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework;
two adults. 1_3 Fulton st. .
WANTED— 2 women to' wash; call after 10
a. m. to-day. 511 McAllister et., downstairs.
LADIES-WORK for all. whether English.
French, Spanish, German, Italian, 141*
Stockton st. ' - •
CUSTOM shirt finishers. D. C. HEGER. 1344
Market st. : '
PATTERNS. PATTERNS. PATTERNS.
McDowell's • Dressmaking and Mlllinerv
School is one of the popular institutions in
our city. You are taught to be your own
dressmaker and milliner on easy terms. Even-
ing class. Special inducements to those en-
tering before April 15. MCDOWELL'S. I01S
Market st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: Kood opportunity to right par-
ty.- F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — A tew experienced operators and a
j Un.Ited number for instruction. Standard
i Shirt Factory, Gouxh and Grove .sts.'
YOUNG girl wanted for Alameda for general
housework. Call at 1064 McAllister st. San
Francisco, Monday, between t and 3 p n_-
call 3 1 days. ¦ • . ¦ -, . , X.: • : -*
A LADY to assist in housework and sewing*
good home, fair pay, for right party; 2 d m.'
116 Taylor st. .
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators; steady
work; good pay. . LOWENBERG & CO 27
1 Jessie st :'-;'. , ..-•• "*
WANTED— First-class skirt trimmer COX 336
O'Farrell st.
GIRL to take care of children; $10. 1S21 Point
Lobos ave.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply 'at
HALE BROS.. 973-S87 Market- st, before 10
a. m. • - ...
HANDS to sew in alteration department. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., 979-987 Market st, at
8 a. m. .
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work'in a family of 5, a strong, quick, in-
telligent girl with good references; between
age 28 and wages $30 per month. Ad-
dress P. O. box 235. San Rafael. Cal.
MEN OR WOMEN " m
Paid Bis Commissions '..'.'.'. '.'.'. '."I
UT1CA CLEANSING- COMPOUND COM-
PANY. St Spear st. - •
A BRANCH 'office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
»-. Valencia,. .. • ¦
¦AX KR.AJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca.:. corner of Market and Third streets; opes
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
633 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ob Larkin street ; opr- until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner -ixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. n_
10S6 Valencia Etreet; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenf-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
CULUCU SKltllCKS.
THIRD .Congregational. Fifteenth St., near
Mission— Kev. Wiliu— n Rader, pastor. The
eacrament of the Lord's supper will be cele-
brated and new members received Into the
church. T_e pastor will speak on "An Easter
Reverie." Tne following musical selections
will be rendered: "A Joyous Easter Morn-
ing" (G. E. Oliver), ••Gloria"
'"Every Flower That Blossoms" (Shelley),
"As Bleep Takes Flight" vBhelley), "Awake,
Thou That Sleepest" (.F. C. Maker), march,
orchestra and organ. (M. E. Ashford);
"AwaJte, Triumphant Morn" (Schnecker). So-
los by Mrs. G. \V. Adderson, Mrs. W. C.
fctadu'eld. Miss Grace Savage, 7:20 p. m.,
the fprTpm entitled "Resurrection" will be
rendered by the chorus cbolr under the di-
rection of Mr. Stadtfeld. Well-known eolo-
lsu will sicjp. Among them will be Miss
Pearl Hossack. Mrs. W. C. Stadtfeld, Mrs.
O. W. Adderson. Dr. Bean and Miss Grace
Savage. There will be elaborate decorations.
UMiiia- Stadtfeld. musical director; Miss
Kate Hutchlnson. organist,
FIItST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach an Easter sermon at 11
_. m. Theme, "Christ the First Fruits."
Special music. Samuel D. Mayer, organist
and choirmaster. At 7:45 p. m.. an Kaster
Knight* Templar service. Golden Gate Com-
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, will at-
tend. Sermon by the pastor. Theme, "The
Effect of the Resurrection In This Life." All
are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church will meet in
Bt John's, corner of California and Octavla
sts.— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m..
conducted by pastors Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D., and Rev. Mr. Eldridge. Baptism and
the sacrament of the Lord's supper win be
celebrated. Eabbath school and Mr. John-
ston's Bible Class at 12:45 in St John's.
Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Easter
praise service In the evening by choir of
Calvary Church. A very fine programme has
been prepared. A short address by Dr.
Hemphlll on the theme of the day. Wednes-
day evening service in St John's at 8 o'clock.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
_nd Sacramento St.— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D., minister. Rev. William Kirk Guth-
rie. associate minister. Services at 11 a. m.
by Mr. Guthrie and at 7:46 p. m. by Mr.
Gcthrie. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. Y.
P. S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. All are welcome.
Special Eaeter music by the choir at both
eervlces. Easter offering- for foreign mis-
elons. |
XT Cen__l Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion b_, between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. 8.
D. Hutstaplller will conduct Easter services
and preach _t 11 o'clock on the topic, "The
Gladness of the Resurrection." and at 7:45
on th» topic, "Speeding the Message." Beau-
tiful Sunday school Easter service at 12:45
p. m. Beats free and people welcome.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church,' comer of Hayes and Buchanan sts.
— Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. and 1:29 p. m. Special music in the
morning. Easter praise service, with a
6plendid programme in the evening by a
large chorus under the direction of I. E.
Blake. Seats free. All Invited. Sunday
school Kaster exercises at 9:45 a. m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D..
rector. Holy communion 8 a. m. and 11 a.
m. Morning service, 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer 4 o'clock. Special service, Sunday,
April 7. 1901, at 7:45. Friday service for
army and navy at 11 a. m. The rector will
preacK.
SECOND Unitarian, corner Capp and Twen-
tieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore, minister.
Residence, 825 Capp St. Sunday school, 9:45
o'clock. Morning theme, "Rational Immor-
tality." In the evening* Rev. A. Berglund
will preachy
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church, 814 Laguna
st, between McAllister st. and Golden Gate
, ave.— Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock
by Elder B. F. Richards. Subject, "The
Power That Awaits the Christian." All are
cordially Invited. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist Central
block. £23 Sutter Bt.. between Kearny 6t. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. Subject. "Are Sin. Disease and
Death Real?" Sunday echool for children at
the same hour. Wednesday evening meetings
at 8 o'clock. Free reading-room. 206 Kearny
et., .room 510. All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Mass meeting to-day at 3 o'clock for
men only. Address on "The Resurrection"
by the Rev. H. H. Bell. D.D. Tenor solo by
Edward Boyson and selections by a. male
quartet. Seats fre? and young men wel-
come. .
PROFESSOR KNOX will lecture in Golden
Gate Hall. C25 Sutter St., 8 p. m. sharp.
f?ubj«;t, "Orthodoxy and Mental Science
Contrasted." Professor Knox will lecture at
11 a. m. Subject, "Resist Not Evil." Do
not fail to hear these two lectures If you
desire to be up in the new thought. Seats
fre*. Collection will be taken to meet ex-
penses.
THE Theosophlcal Society— Free publlo lec-
tures every Sunday night in Odd Fellows'
building. To-night "Origin of the Cross."
by W. J. Walters. Services over remains
of Ellds, van der Linden, Odd Fellows* cre-
matory. It o'clock. ¦
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
AA-DH. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening on "Ancient vs. Modern Religions"
at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909 Market
et.. followed by magnificent views of Jeru-
salem and the world's great cathedrals. Fret!
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhi-
bition next Tuesday evening. Seats free. No
collection. NOTE— Dr. Kergan will give a
eplendidly illustrated lecture to Ladles Only
next Thursday. S p. m., at same halL Sub-
ject, "Girlhood. Womanhood, Motherhood."
FOSTER'S. Occidental Hall, 305 Larkin Et.— 3
p. m., Easter services, tests, eplrlt photo-
graph taken, 10c. 7:30, overture, anniversary
address, zither solo, violin duet Hawaiian
singers, tests, materialization; independent
elate writing; bring you rown Flatee; Easter
greetings from your spirit friends. Admis-
sion. 25c.
A— PROFESSOR GEE, medium circle to-night:
10c; assisted by a trance musical medium;
633 Jon"a rt. : lecture Monday —lerht; subject,
•¦personality of God"; free.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; test meeting; ques-
tions anewered; messages; sittings daily, $_
1161 O'Farrell et.. Ellis-st. car; admission 10c
KATIE HKUSSSIANN'S Easter spiritual in-
6piratlonal meeting to-night; questions; arti-
cles read; 10c S09 Market Bt; sit. 124 Russ.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read, sealed ques-
tlons. Sow ere _nd ore; S p. m. 3(>5 Larkin, cor.
McAllister. <t_ floor; 10c; 1-5 ex. Wed., Sat.
GRAND tests to-night 10c, materializing
eeanc« Tuesday; readings, 60c, !„ ARNOLD
DICKSON. 148 Sixth.
A— DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market—
11. free; 2-8. 10c; good mediums; election
April EL Watch for Tuesday's ad.
EDWARD EARLE at Pythian Hall, 909 Market
et.. to-night, in his marvelous occult demon-
strations; names in full. etc.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night C05 McAllister; 10c; come,
'skeptics.
JOHN SLATER will nold a test seance to-night
at 8:15; lower hall, 117 Larkin St.; admission
15 cents.
MRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.— Cir-
cles Sun.. Mon. Frl, 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2:30; 25c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's circle to-night at '
S fharp; 10c; every one pets a test. 5 Hyde st.
MRS. EVANS. 120 Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night.
8. IPe: also to-morrcw eve.; readings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S Easter sen-ice seance to-day
10 :S0 a. m. and 8 p.m., 60c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. KBERHARDT'S convincing test meeting
to-night. 10c £250 22d Bt.: tel. Blue 954.
MRS. VIGAR'S teFt meeting, 10c, to-night • Bit-
tings daily. 148 Sixth st., room 32.
MRS. AITKEN, test medium; Bitting dally
120 McAllister St.. fl_t L -»-*•
Blilfri.NU* Uni vernal Urotberbood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society— Lodpe No. 7 will hold its monthly
entertainment Saturday. April 13 8 p m • at
TJ. U. Hall. 310 OFarreil st., presenting "the
Greek symposium in one act, entitled "A
Promise." Proceeds devoted to humanitarian
work. % '."¦
SOCIALIST MEET1XGS. ~~
SOCIALISTS' meeting to-night, 8 o'clock, at the
Academy of Sciences Ball, S19 Market st.
Liberty Branch. S. D. P. Robert P. Troy
¦will Epeak on "Territorial Expansion." Pub-
lic invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
ALL Odd Fellows are requested to
attend the Kfd anniversary cele- §>£***£«?"
bration and ric=:c at Fernbrook
Park. FRIDAY. April 26. Tickets '*"" > _^
51; children £0c; trala leaves loot of Market
st 9 a. m. * THE COMMITTEE.
MEETING NOTICES Continued. _
CALIFORNIA Command.ery No. 1, K. T. ,*.
—Sir Kniirhts will assemble in the <_S*
asylum THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING f_
at 7 o'clock sharp for the purpose of w«p
attending Easter service at Trinity w
Church. By order of the commander. J
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder..
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual gath- w C7 N^
erir.g and eaxnes of the Caledonian CkO/J
Club of San Francisco at Shell '*_L_«
Mound Park, May 30. . ~"ac~«r
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE BOARD OF PHARMACY
not havlsg been organized, there -will be no
meeting for examination and registration
¦until further notice.
JOHN CALVERT, Acting Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having rs-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. C. LeBlond and W. E. Olm-
etead. in the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Downievllle, Sierra Co., to deposit tailing* it;
I Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung, in the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co.. to de-
poFlt tailings in Canyon Creek; from J. H
Fkinner. In the Lava Point mine, at Hepsi-
<*.arn. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings In
Whiskey Creek: from J. W. Dempsey, in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Qulncy. . Plumas
Co., to deposit tailings In Whiskey Creek,
and from J. S. Carter and William Deal, in
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek,
Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings in Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room E9, Flood bufldlng, San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. on April 15. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Pacific Undertakers will ,be
held at 777 Mission Bt.. on MONDAY, April
8. 1001. at 8:30 p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors for the balance of the ensuing term
and the transaction of such other business as
may come before it. Transfer books will
close Friday, Acril 5. 1901. at 4 p. m.
. /M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pagew. in wrapper, for mailing, fl r>fr year.
ADOPTIO^
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th, Alameia.
AGENTS AVANTED.
AGENTS— Energetic agents can establish them-
selves in splendid paying business selling
Latest Improved Gasoline Gas Lamps; no
mantle or chimney; generate and light with
single match; also gravity and 1000 candle-
power arc lamps; positively lowest prices;
$1000 in premiums to best agents for 1901.
American Lighting Co.. Chicago.
$10 A DAY made by agents taking orders for
our Improved Ball-bearing Door Holders;
nothing else like it; sells at sight in homes,
offices and hotels; a bonanza for wide-awake
men; over 1500 sold by one man In 2 weeks;
eend at once for sample and special terms.
Wlnn Mfg. Co.. S7 Fifth ave., Chicago.
AGENTS make $200 per month selling our
"Economy^' harness riveter to farmers and
rig owners; holds enough rivets to do several
dollars of repairing, yet sells when loaded
for $1; send $1 for sample, prices to agents.
FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles. Cal.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
ekin: personal demonstrations . free; agent*
wanted. Ontario Chem.*Co.. agcy.. 426 Ellis...
A GOOD man can secure a good paying situa-
tion by applying to B. J. DEVANEY. 405
Montgomery st., room 6, between 8 and 9
a. m.. Monday.
ORDER "War In China," "War in S. Africa,"
"Life of Queen Victoria" or any new or
standard subscription books from J. DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to pell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS to sell new process window washer;
water tank, sponge and rubber dryer. KIE-
FER BROS., Cleveland, Ohio.
WANTED—A gents in every town on the coast
to act for the London Card Company, 1079
Market St.; samples 10c.
SOLICITOR wanted— Good position and salary
to capable man. California Photo Engraving
Co.. 513 Market st. .
EXPERIENCED agents wanted to sell good oil
stock; big commission. 55 Chronicle building.
SOLICITORS, male or female, 50 per cent com-
mlpsion. 827 Hayes st •
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
— fee without success; collectkns. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market., cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages; es-
• tates; mining; open even. 592 Farrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no' charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fection and others. Ae-encv. 426 Elli9«t.. S. P.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A A A
Marion Griffin. 719 Market et., by Call bldg.
A branch bakery on Fillmore st. ; rent $20. . . .
3 fine living rooms; good business; invoice....
A saloon and 12 elegantly furnished rooms;...
rent $115; finest proposition in this city;
a money-maker for a man and wife
A restaurant; good location; fine business;...
$50 cash, bal. $10 month; a good proposition...
Bakery and cafe; mining town; 2000 people;.,
rent only $25; sold on account of sickness.
A SPLENDID paying drugstore.
Will sell stock and store complete
or will sell prescription books,
•fine fixtures and goodwill.
Daily sales average $75.
On very best business corner.
Established many years asro.
Thorough investigation solicited.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St. by Call bldg.
SALOON— SALOON— SALOON.
For Sale Downtown
Eleg-ant fixtures, large stock, long lease;
owner going to Nome. DECKER, 1020 Mar-
ket st
$S50— RESTAURANT; fine location; paying
business; must sell; offer wanted. D3CKER,
1020 Market st.
A— $700; MEAT market; business location; cash
register, safe. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$1600— STATIONERY, notion, cigar and candy
Btore; established over 20 years; paying busi-
ness; owner must leave the city. DECKER,
1020 Market st
100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
300 candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
»00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES 61 CO.. 838 Market st
FOR private sale: some of the best saloons in
• the city. W ALTER HAXES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores; also restaurants, barber shops and
Ealoons. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.
CHOPHOUSE on Sixth ft.; bargain; must sell
at once; worth $500; will sell for $250. FISH-
ER & CO.. 835 Market st '
CIGAR store; good location; owner leaving
city; make. offer; gricery and bar; good cor-
ner; owner has other business; will sacrifice
for J4Z0. Bargains in hotels, delicatessens,
butcher shops, cigar stores, drug stores,
branch bakeries, confectioneries, livery, etc.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
RESTAURANT and chophouse on Sixth St.,
doing a nice business; fine place for man and
wife. California Business Assn., 865U Market.
$600 — CANDY and icecream parlor; receipts $30
¦ a day; en principal street; owner retiring;
rich. California Business Assn., 865% Market.
$300— BAKERY, with horse and wagon; an old
established business with fine cash trade.
California Business Assn.. S65U Market et.
FOR eale— Country hotel and bar at railroad
depot. Alameda County; completely furnished;
all Al condition; only hotel in town; in vest i-
gate this. H. H. CRANE. 508 California st.
$2500— A COMPLETELY furnished 36-room pri-
vate boarding and lodging-house; Insured for
$3000; rent $100; heart of town; must be sold.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
Oakland. »
S25O— PARTNERSHIP: light and paying- busi-
ness: present partner must sen owing to other
business: good chance for suitable party; call
forenoon. 25 Geary st ,
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer; In
manufacturing center; cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market et.
I $5500— FOR sale— Roadhouse east of Hay wards;
I one acre land and improvements. For partlc-
ulars apply M. L. CRANZ. 4S3 Eddy st. S. F.
FOR sale— Grocery and notions. Twenty-third
St.: bargain if sold at. once; don't miss. A.
CAMERON & CO.. 850 Market St. •
$2000— STORE building, also a nice residence, all
in Al condition; large lot. in railroad town
near this city; a great bargain. H. H.
CRANE. £08 California st. ¦¦ ¦
YOUNG unmarried man can receive a one-
third interest in a business that pays from
JKO to $500 clear profit weekly, for a bonus
of $6C0 cash r "must be a hustler and of good
habits; a genuine business proposition; no oil
or racing echeme and no chance of', loss;
principals only dealt- with • particulars by
personal interview only. Address box 2922,
Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '- ' ';
MME. M. BERNARD, "i
¦ ! ...-¦'. ¦,.; THE FAMOUS • ¦'
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
¦ ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
' She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals' the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
' future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told bow to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.-
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; tike . elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms: Dally, and Sunday.
. MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant. , tells
¦ past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
' band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. : 215% Sixth st.
MME. VALEEN, palmist and life reader,
psychic and magnetic healer; cures diseases
. and habits: teaches how to influence people
and be successful in love and financial af-
fairs. 215 Leavenworth st. . ' .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of 'life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26% Kearny. r. S. 6: hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E.. SANDERS, j medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings daily. 1130 Market st.
MME. RENNER, life, planet reader, palmis-
try; ladies only, 25c and 50c; German spo-
ken. 725 Ellis st. .
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given; L. 5Cc, G. $1. 1203 Mkt., cor. 8th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th;Germanspoken;tel. Howard 1846.
CLAIRVOYANT car.l reader; just arrived
from La.. 15c; ladies cnly. 262 Mlnna,'nr. 4th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card. reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sitting's dally. 448% Jessie St., bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
' palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CAP_~yOME. ¦ /
CAPE NOME, Teller City and all . points in
Alaska. For freight and passage rates, call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., room 6.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDlNti'ri Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning ; and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam ] Carpet-Boating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. . E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maine 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Ihe lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. Telephone Jesse 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. .
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, ;. bunions, ingrown nails, -warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan,' 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES: .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, .927 Market st.
: COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833— Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent $8. .. ¦ ¦ ¦- • .- ¦ r-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MeDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery 'School—
Class' Tates; patterns cut. 1 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleatin?; country -orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, o^er O'Connor
DENTISTS. -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm.: 7, Flood bldg., ' you- can
have your extractions done painlessly ; teeth
without plates bur specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a..m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experipnee;. no students; advice free; ¦ prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
¦ warranted for 20 years ; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
iBOc; plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
' warranted. Chicago. Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old -plates 'made Over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c: "gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgewotk. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 60c: plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists, P69 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painlds?" ; evenings and Sun-
days.
SET of teeth - without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk st. ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
PROF 1 ] ~C^ALDBRWOOD' S Faculty Developing
School, opposite Hale's, 1130 Market st. —
Talent discovered for law, journalism, medi-
• cine, dentistry, ' elocution, psychology, drama,
music, drawing mathematics, teaching,
, banking, literature, electricity, assaying,
mining, farming, manufacturing, inventing,
etc.; 60c; open evenings and Sundays.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
.Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportori*l phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free-
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford . professor. PVielan building. .
PRIVATE teacher, with several years' suc-
cessful experience, desires a few pupils in
Eng. branches; special attention young chll-
. dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
' tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. . 3C5 Larkin st. |
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only ?60. San Fran-
, Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. ; .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College,' shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott \ bldg. ; Individ instruction; catalogue.
KENT Law ' School. » day and night: prepares
; for Supreme Court. • 529 -Parrott building.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; ; experienced. 1008 Mission st
CROWS. Dancing Academy: private or class;,
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st.' ' ¦
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; }5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st." •
EMPLOYMENT, OFFICES. '
JAPANESE. Emnloyment: Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
notice. 1123 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239L
JAPANESE, and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, ¦• waiters and : house servants. ' GEO.
AOKI &, CO., 421 .Post 'St.; -tel. -Bush 135. >,
JAPANESE.^central housecleaning & employ-'
ment; all kinds help.. 1046 Sutter: tel. Eait 203.,
'RELIABLE Japanese-Ch!nc33 employment' of-
flce;. all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM^ Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.'.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and.. Chinese -employment office —
Best help. ¦ 526 O'Farrell' st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.'
CHINESE t and Japanese ' employment ' office—-*
. Best help. '411^4 O'Farrell st; tell; East 42S.~;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
29
OIL LANDS.' - _
CALIFORNIA 1 Crude Oil Co., now drtlllnjt on
SW. % of SW. % of 19, 28-28. Kern River, with
producing wells on all sides offers Its . first
block of stock at 10c per share for one week;
first well will be completed by May 1. and
L work will be actively continued until 12 wells
are completed; company also has 640 acres
¦deeded land in Fresno-San Benlto district soon
'to be developed ; a surer, . safer Investment
. was never offered: no agents; no prospectus.
¦ Full information at' company's office, room,
16,- eighth floor. Mills buldg. Pres.. Led. F.
' Winchell: sec, T. " A. Klrkuatrlck; director
and counsel, JAS. G. MAGUIRE. Depository,
First National Bank of S. F.
J2 60 TO $10 per acre; good oil land in San Be-
nlto Co. ;' In quantities to suit. JEROME
I ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st. -
75,000/ ACRES oil land in various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary st.'. r. 6.
PAINTERS AND D ECdRATORS.
"WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, ft
up. Jensen & Bath. 808 Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St. ; tel. Red 8521.
HT^JEROME^rosSELLT^BcTentifio rp___tTi—
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS. %
ADVICE free; no' charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
. IMKT.tUKS \VA-Vi_IJ.
WANTED- Doctor as partner on new discov-
¦ ery. Box 2927, Call office. : "
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. cTc. ¦ O'DONN_LL^67nce Tand residency
1021H Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG. HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; ses
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PERSONALS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside th«
uncertain years ahead ; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, I discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market st, opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, . $1. Full life reading, $5.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and Itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair--
dresser cannot supply you call at 656 Geary
st. or 305 Larkin st. Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there is none so good. The
Star Remedy Co., San Francisco. .-.-.
WOMANLY BEAUTY— Calderwood's Develop-
ing School, 1130 Market st. ; lessons orally and
by mail. 50c; no woman has a right to have
wrinkles, look old, be flat chested or fat and
flabby;, mental • healing, human science,
thought transference, health culture and child
guidance. ' ¦ ¦¦¦. .
ARE— you— bald ?
Are — you — grey? - :
• Is— hair— falling?
A guaranteed cure effected by MRS. E. R.
! DUNLAP, 6 Eddy st, rooms 73, 74.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation, sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
A MECHANIC and farmer, no lncumbranc*.
owning a' good home and some property, de-
sires f acquaintance of lady of some means
(40 to 50); object marriage. F., box 2926, Call. '
WANTED — By young gentleman, stranger, the
acquaintance of a young lady who has time
for . amusements, afternoons or evenings; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 2907, Call office.
REFINED gentleman of means, aged 38, desires
I" to -meet refined lady of means; matrimony.
, ¦ Address confidentially, box 2911. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes correspondence with work.
Ing girl; object matrimony. Box 2797. Call.
A GENTLEMAN desires to meet a lady; object
¦ matrimony. Box 2900, Call office.
KUESTER. "The Hair Doctor," 1152 Franklin
St., Oakland— Gray, falling, scalp troubles;
home treatment; question blank; Information
for stamp; established 1866.
LADIES — Secret i to enlarge your bust six
inches free; . cannot fail or Injure the most
• delicate. LEONARD MEDICINE CO., Kan-
sas City,. Kan.. ' . ¦ , ...•.-
REWARD — $1000 paid to any one whose wrin-
. kles or freckles return after our treatment;
sample free' at. branch office. N. Y. Institute
of Dermatology, 105 Ellis st, S. F.
CIGARETTE and "tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk St., San Francisco.
S. F. SCHOOL of Natural Therapeutics, 205
Parrott building; instructions and treatments.
DR. S. TURMAN CO. ¦
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
¦years'; experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
MATERNITY VILLA— Mrs. ' Dr. Funke, 1416
Eighth et... Alameda. ;
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary St., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff; Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Mlcrobane Medical Co.; 411 Geary Bt
"$1 WEEKLY — Suits to order 'from genuine
Scotch $15 up; flne dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. 515 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth. '
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third Ft.", near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $1 E0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
'chehille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
/ rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
____________
Best Publifhed-FREE.
".. THE CORRESPONDENCE. Toledo, Ohio.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
• West Forty-second st, N. T.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressirig. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A V.
- DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.,' 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway. .
JAMES'. Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St..
room 21: phone Bush-2S9; charges reasonable.
Ladies' & gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. SUverman. 984 Folsom; tel.Folsom U91.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious «ttones
bought J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market <-t.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair, to it3 natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," lor leather, wood
- end photos, at all first-class art stores. -
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO., 248 Ellis; tel. ,R»d 1368.
SPRING styles 'Standard patterns now ready.
. "Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, witjs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. -733 Mkt/
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS. EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. ' '. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
( Call, 16 pages, i sent to any address In the
tTnlted States or Canada "one year for .$1,
postage paid. " ','_¦_ .- .. ¦ . .' ; .
POULTRY,. EGGS, ETC.* — For Sale. :
THOROUGHBRED Houdan eggs, 75c a setting.
Call, forenoon. 125 Chattanooga st. ..
REAL ESTATE — CITV— FOR SALES.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st., near Montgomery.
. $8000— Rents $744 per annum;. 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath at the entrance to panhandle
of park.' , • . ', :
: J22.S0Q— Rent J13S0 per annum; on McAllister
st. I near Laguna; 55x120 to rear street.
$2400— Rent $180; Eighteenth St.; near JDolores.
$23.500^-Rent $1620 per _inum; on Polk St.: a
bargain. " - ¦" J* '¦¦•• «-
$20,600— Rent $.1680 -per aunum; on OTarre)!
Ft. near Hyde; a pickup.
/¦ $11,000— Rent.-; $1188 per annum; large corner
property; stores and flats. »>• •*.- ij-yns*
$4800 — Make offer; rent $S85 per annum; 2 flue
flats on Folsom st,- nr.. Fourth; always rentert.
• $10,000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
82:6 feet depth; on Eddy st, near Scott.
- $5750— Rent $535 per- annum; ¦ a flne 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; »n Geary st-,
near Fillmore. ' - « *
$4000— Credit sale of a park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st; near. Central ave.; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot ZixllO.
$1350—4 ROOMS and bath cottage, on very easy
•—. terms; lot 25x100: $300 up; only 4 minutes' walk
. to 24th-sf electric cars. Wisconsin and Twen-
tyrfourth ata . - *'. -¦-¦¦"->
MUST . be : sold— SB.' cor. Marlposa and Florida
sts. ; - store of 3 rooms and flat of S . rooms,
¦. bath; easy terms; see owner.. . .
|2500 UP— Pae. Hts.-Vallejo-st lots; $20,000 resl-
- dence being built In same block. 616 Market.
HELP WANTED- -MALE —Con.
JIEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
ir.Elled free. We have no 5c chop In connec-
tion with our college; chain and furniture
ere oil made to our own order, with a view
to cleanllne-as and convenience.
MOLEK'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— Men for Bait works; $1 60 to $2 (0
dally: free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Angeles. Cal.
•WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, HI Third st; 150 large
rooms; _c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
UARKERS and distributers for laundry; wages
12 to to $5 per day cf ten hours; reference*
required. Box 2748. Call office. :
ilEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. 6. F. Barber College, 741A Howard Bt:
no barroom chairs used in this college.
$150— THE best 3-chair shop on Fourth st;
with trial etven. S22 Fourth st
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting:; 25c '<
to 50c. CC2 Mission Et., bet l£t and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand ehoes for eale. 60c up. 241 Third rt.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by 8. N.
WOOD _ CO.; apply at factory. 27 Geary st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 2f>c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
"WANTED— 100 men to ts.k« rooms, 10c, _c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2K Bt»aart st.
HO It S E S A \D W AGO XS.
_ HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart*, harness. Grand Arcade Hoire Market
827 Sixth st.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
B. F. VETERINARY College wiM commence its
Cd cession June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast fee. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WANT— D— A horse for family use; must be
wiuna, rentle and Mylish. Apply H. P.
FOXXTAG, 624 Market Bt
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
csrts, bufrgles, surreys, horses. 1140 Foleom.
t SECOND-HAND rprlnklinr wagons in good
ord^r for sale. 877 Ehotwell et
ALL kinds of — -sjrons, bureles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
licht. fart pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AX A No. 1 express wagon, eingle. also light
ramping wagon, for gale cheap. S38 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
J— Fft— 10 SUNNY rooms;, small stable; large
yard. 26 West Mission St., near Twelfth;
f-»# owner Saturday d. m. and Sunday.
Handsomely frnshd 10- room house; newly con-
strctd; Lajnira, nr. Pacific; for 4 bo«., beg.
May 1: rent $75. F. D. Madison, 104 Crocker bg.
•-ROOM: modern: Western Addition: or will
Fell: t"f>0 ca*h, balance like rent THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market et
McALLIFTKR, 815— Fine eunny house; 8 rooms
an<3 basement: laree yard: rent $35.
norsES to let — furnished.
A NICELY furnished bright sunny home, 10
rooms and 2 baths; magnificent view and lo-
cation. 2103 California st.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat * room* and
bath: Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2.
ELFGANTLY furnished house 7 rooms and
b?th for 3 months. Particulars 3019 Sacra-
mento St.
T.2n OCTAVIA, nr. Broadway— Completely fur-
nished 10 nvvms and bath; for three month*.
t" r>f»r nwnth.
HYPNOTISM.
TT ANTED— Men ami women to learn hypno-
tism; lessons in private or class. Box 2760,
Call office.
IXSTAXTAXEOrS WATER. HEATER.
THE Ribbon Water Heater will flow boiling
water in SO eeconds: will rive a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost of 2% cents; call
nnd see in operation; send for illustrated
T«amphlet. Ribbon W«it«T Heating Company,
Hrarst CFJXaminer) building, room 607.
LOST A.VD FOUND.
If ARCH 25, 1 leather bag and receipt book of
P. Noble. No. Co. April 3, 1 receipt book of
P. Noble, No. 86. Finder will return to 1058
Kentucky et., and receive reward, i \
LOPT— Fox terrier bitch (Fanny), black spot
on back, black and tan ears; collar and lock;
reward. Seal Rock House.
LOST— Rebekah star. Return to S4 Oak Bt
and receive reward.
LOPT— Rubber carriage tire. Return to TOM-
KiySO.VS Sta-bles, E" Minna £t. : reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
end Loan Focifty of San Francisco, In the
name of WALTER I. MAOEE. No. 219-104.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOPT — Greyhound; color, brindle end white; !
reward. C"S San Bruno ave., cor. Eighteenth.
TVant*<3 — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
5i»wf>l*r. ?4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell «n<J Ma«en. ;
MATRIMOXIAL. i
AUi cntemplatiTig' matrimony 6end 10c for j
"The Wedding BpII." 1016 Market Et
CEXTLEMEN wishinjr to marry wealth^ ladles
«...„,« in o f or j <c * «(P5 tttt-t>— 7 p-m« , t
MATTRESSES AXD PPHOLSTKRY.
— ATTRESSES and upholstery: t«L South 782;
to ordw or renovated, feather and hair
f teamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
IjsWf. HOPKT: BROS.. 3i«-3?0 Ele\-enth st
SXISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, encines. id-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 395-197 Fremont Ft.
BARS, back bars,, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 101i>, 1C21, 1023 Mission St..
abort Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR eale — Locomobile Runabout at a bargain:
in fine condition; reason for celling, owner
FOlng East.- CHAS. E. ANTHONY, 2600 Ban-
croft way, Berkeley.
A— BUYS, pells or rents Rear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, ehaftlnc, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Bpear St.
A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap; Re-
count of death. MRS. M. H. L., Box 366,
V.'atsonvil!e, Cal.
A MARBLE sculptured monument at one-half
Its original cost. Can be seen at B. J. BAR-
RETT'S Marble Works at Ocean View.
A~ 15 H. P. 500 volt T. & H. dynamo; also cne
10 H. P. 120 dynamo; guaranteed all right
J. B. JARDIXE. 220 Fremont »t. .
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
BiU Lang? and Georpe Van Haltren; 30c post-
-paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Eansome st. S. F.
PTFTY per cent improvement made to your
praphophone with our Ruby Point; it's a won-
fler. M. F. LEVY. 415 Kearny et.. sole agent.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
.out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
10xT6 PRINTING prws. (rood order, $S5; other j
machinpry. ehaftinir and belting-; send for
list. Machinery Exchange. 148 Second st
800 LIGHT marine set, directly connected: good
ehape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission et.
CEEAP — A plain surveyor's transit; in good
condition. Apply box 2916, Call office.
BLACK cocker Ecaniol pups; 3 mos. old, for
Bale cheaji. 43 Albion ave.
A LOT of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
cheap 658 Mission et.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. Bl'RKE, 139 Beale st •
Gascline or distillate engines, new & Id-hand;
all Fizeg; guaranteed. NEWELL. S6 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-h_id, all makes, at low
figure l. & M. ALEXANDER. UP Montg'y.
I"1RST-C_ASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery 6t
SAFES- Nf W and eecord hand. THE H_R-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-4_ Sacramento ct.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M-hand moving plc-
tures. EULI.ARD & BRECK. 131 Pott st.
6AFES— New and eecoiid hand; all sizes. THE
VALTZ PAFF.. 1W-111 Market Et.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOl'S WAISTS.
TILTOJT8 misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
_es*. gents' clothing. 154. «th: tel. Folsom JZZl.
MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC boxes— Paul Monaco, expert, and th»
beet repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss and American music boxes
a epeclalty. 768 Market et.. between Third
end Fourth, south side; thoroughly under -
_ ;ba ds his bu£i__s and the right party to
*tal with. ' *
REAL' ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8 ALB.
O. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
14 Montgomery street.
$10, COO — Fine new residence, sunny side of.
Washington st. Presidio HeUhts, con-
taining 11 room« and bath; all modern
Improvements; renting for $75 a month;
32x109. .
$12,500— Business property; vicinity of Seventh
„ and Mission; improvements consist of
' - ' store and flat . above, with a house of
\ • 8 rooms, bath and cellar; renting at
present for $90 oer month.
$7,000—2 nice sunny* flats, sunny side of Devis-
adero st., close to bacrainento. contain-
ing 6 and 7 rooms and bath; in fine or-
der; renting low at .$55 per month; 27x
110.
$7,500— Rents $S3 per month; Grove st. vicin-
ity of Buchanan ; 3 flats of 6. 6 and 5
rooms and bat— each, and 4 flats of 3
rooms on rear 3 1 reef, mor tease of $4000
at 6 per cent ner annum can remain If
desired; 25x120.
$4,000 — Rents *42 Per month; 3 coay flats near
• -First and Harrison ats.; steadily rented:
good improvements . 25 feet front
$5,500— Cozy residence near Octavia and Broad-
way containing S rooms and bath; bay
¦ . windows; brick foundation: In good or-
der; 25x112. , ¦ •
$9,500— Rents $1236 per annum; to close an es-
tate; price las boen reduced; substan-
. , ' tlal improvements close to Second and
Howard sts. ; mortgaere of $5100 c»n re-
main if desired; in a growing part of
town; 50 feet front. < ¦
$20,000— Fine Western Addition corner; well lm-
,• • . proved: 6 modern bay-window houses;
rents $155 per month; cable cars pass
door; must be sold to close an estate;
87:6 feet front
$5,250— Rents $7S2 per annum: price greatly re-
duced to close an estate.
$4, COO— Plne-st. residence of 7, rooms and bath:
25x137:6.
$9,000— Corner, near HalKht and Fillmore sts.;
store and 5 flats; rents $34 per month:
48x81. . ¦
$8,000— Hyde st, near -Butter; 2 modern flats
of 6 and 7 rooms; rtnts ?60 per monin.
$7,500 — Central avenue, near the "park; 2 flat*
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $45 per
month; 50x106:3; one-half of lot vacant.
$4,000— Rents $32 per month; 8 tenements, near
Sixth and Brannan sts. ; 50x80.
$10,000— Fine residence on . O'Farrell st.. near
Leavenworth, containing 12 rooms and
bath; in excellent order: rent about $35
per month. ' '
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO 14 Montgomery st.
•, Auction !
Auction !
Auction !
Auction !
Auction!
Auction!
At Our Salesroom, MONDAY, April S, 1J01.
at 12 O'clock Noon. ..
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1904 Devisadero st., east line, near Pine;
bay-window . cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x100; subject to confirmation by the court.
. PACIFIC STREET INVESTMENT.
621 Pacific St., near Kearny st. and Mont-
gomery ave.; substantial brick building, con-
taining store and 22 rooms, occupied as a ho-
t«l; rent $70 per month; lot 23x137:6.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
534-538 Washington St.. corner of Jones alley,
between Montgomery and Sansome sts. ; 2 sub-
stantial 3-story brick buildings: rents $180 per
month; lot 37:9x80.
CALIFORNIA STREET INVESTMENT.
1508 California st, north line, near Larkin;
modern two-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
rent $50 per month; can be easily converted
into Cats at small outlay; cash above mort-
gage of $6600; lot 25x87.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENT.
340 ' to 350 Thirteenth St., corner Stevenson,
between Valencia and Mission; 6 desirable
flats of 5 and 6 rooms "and bath each: rents
$33 per month, which are low; both streets ac-
cepted; lot 27:€x8D.
REFEREE SALE.
NW. corner Bryant and Harriet sts., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh; improvements con-
sist of store and 4 dwellings; lot 75x75.
¦ . ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, 29, 31 and 33 Shipley st. off Fourth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison; Improvements
consist of three-story building containing six
tenements; rents $55 per month; lot 41:2x69;
subject to confirmation by the court.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, 29 and 31 Morris ave., between Harrison
and Bryant, Fifth and Sixth; improvements
consist of 7 fiats of 3 and 4 rooms each; rents
$64 per month; lot 50x80; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
.. ' ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
128 Henry st., north line, between No« and
Castro, Fourteenth and Fifteenth; cottage of
5 rooms and stable; street work done; lot 28
xll5.
SHOTWELL STREET COTTAGES.
313-315 Shotwell St., between . Seventeenth
and Eighteenth; 2 cottages of 5 and 6 rooms
each, as a whole or separately; Iot 25x122 :S
each. " . '.
VALLEJO STREET BUILDING LOTS-
Vallejo st.. south line, between Leavenworth
and Hyde; 5 choice lots suitable for resi-
dences or flats; street work done and accepted
by the city; lots 27:6x137:6 each: terms, one-
fourth cash, balance In one or two years at
7 per cent per annum.
CHURCH STREET BUILDING LOT.
Church st., west line, near Twenty-sixth;
choice, level building lot; 29x80; must be sold.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market St.
$9500—3 modern flat3 on Buchanan st., near
Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
size of lot, 31x91:10 feet; rents $64 per month.
$9000— Haight st., near Scott; lot 25x137:6 feet,
with 3 flats of 5 and 6 room and bath. each;
rents for $fi5 Der month.
$5500^ — California st., no»-tb. side, between !
Buchanan and Webster; residence of 9 roonis '
and bath; lot 27:6x132:6 feef.
$7000-Shotwell st; lot 25xl_:5 feet; 3 flats;
rents for $60 per month. . •'
$7000—2 flats on McAllister st,' near Fillmore:
rents for $50 per month; first-class condition;
flne neighborhood.
$6500— Broadway, north side; elegant marine
view: lot 27x137:6 feet; fine, neighborhood.
$3750— Nice residence on Octavia st.. near
O'Farrell: 8 rooms and bath, in flne condition.
$5600— Masonic ave.; brand new house of 10
rooms arid bath; all modern Improvements; lot
25x100 feet.
S35CO— Lot and improvements on west line of
Steiner st. ; lot 25x110 feet, with 2 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath each: rtnts for $45 per month.
$5500 — Bush st., north side; lot 25x75 feet;
house of 11 rooms and bath.
$3000 — Lot and improvements on Shipley St.,
near Fourth, with flats of 4 and 5 rooms each;
rents for $33 per month.
Further particulars • of BOVEE, T.OY &
SONNTAG.
MADISON & BURKE, ,
Established January, 1S5S.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
Double house on Bush St., near Grant ave.;
brick; rents $50; lot 3Sx63; $12,000.
$3000— Rents $27 50 per month; new flats;
Clara St.. near Fourth; 25x75; must sell; owner
leaving city.
J250O — Offer wanted: brick improvements and
lot; Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain.
,$S500— Twelfth st., near Mission; large piece
of property offered low for quick sale; 53x140;
mortgage of $60C0 at 6 per cent can remain.
$15,C00 — Beautiful modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
I5P0O — post ft., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 23x137:6; must be sold tc
close estate.
$6500— Pine St.. near Scott: 2 flats; rents
$57 10; lot 23x137:6.
Laundry building 1 with 2 flowing- wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st. between Fillmore and
Steiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut et., in
rear; r^nts $73 per month; must be sold on
account of non-residence.
$10,500 — Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x30,
with 2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
just the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st, near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is good future for this property.
$7000 — Harriet st., "near Howard; lot £0x75.
holding frontage to Sixth st. : rent *56.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st
A SNAP— $5100; 35 Hill st., roar Guerrero; beau-
tiful Eastlake home; 9 rooms, bath, laundry;
high basement; brick foundation; fine lot. 35
X114.
$6500— Thirteenth, naar Howard; 8 flats. 4. E,
'5 rooms and bath: rents $42; 30x79.
$5250— Market, near Church; 7 rooms and
¦ bath; 25x115; mortgage $"000 at 6 per cent
• $3500— Pays 10 per cent; 4 flats, always rent-
ed: Twenty-second, near Harrison; 25x100.
$3400— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; stable for
3 horses; Noe st, near Seventeenth; 25x110.
$3250— Twenty-first, near Valencia; choice lo-
cality; 6 rooms and bath; 25x115.
$2500 — For 35 lots in S. S. F.. near electric
road. • . . • r-i .
$2250 — House, 7 rooms; stable; 27:6x125; part
cash; Diamond, near Twentieth. .
$1SOO— Dolores, near Thirty-second; 30:6x117:5
to alley.
. $1250— Bryant, near Eighteenth ; 25x100; bl-
' tumen. . • - - •- • •
$1200— Whitney, near Thirtieth; '60x125; on
grade. ¦ • •
$150—Four lots In University Extension.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents collected and entire charge taken of
property. '•
JlS.COO-Southwest corner -Leavenworth and
Green sts.: 137x137; good house; handsome
grounds; superb view; easy approach from
Union or Hyde st. cars.
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery st, corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; good place for can-
nery. ..-.'-.
$2000 to $4000— Cottages. 5 to 7 rooms and
bath; we have a long list of these for sale at
bargain prices on very easy terms.
$50CO— Lot NW. 'cor. Larkin and Filbert, 4flx
100; flne view of bay. • "j
$3000— Lot SE. cor. Larkin and Filbert 41x62;
pretty site for home or flats; view of bay.
$2000 — Lots Green, near Hyde-st. cars. -
HAWKS — SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$4700— FOR sale; new cozy artistic homes; only
two left: contain 7 sunny rooms and finished
basement; fine garden: cement • walks, etc;
situated on Ashbury Heights, east line Clay-
ton, st, near Frederick; Masonic-ave. cars.
J3150-SUNNY lot sunny side of McAllister st.
near Webster St.; good rentinsr location. For
particulars apply to 6..H..UMBSEN ft CO..
.,14 Mpntsromery. st.
IN Mill Valley, house and lot for sale account
of departure. 528 Tor Is it.
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I. treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Mrkt
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; — years' practice; all cases treat-
ed .by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn eanie day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb. Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free. ¦ j
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market st. nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
' to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful t practice ; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before, and during
confinement 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st, bet. Mason
and Taylor— Reliable ladles' specialist.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market «t,
bet. Taylor and Masor; ladies' specialist
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
pills: price $1. DR. V. POPPER. 323 Kearny.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
I not borrow of your friends or you will lose
, their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY .'...-....
IS MORTGAGED
and vou need more money, nee H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
'undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. ' . " ','
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; -first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
i bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
- where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3. !
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. .Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
$500,0C0 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; .second
j mortgages. R. J. MERCER „ SON, 412 Pine.
LOWEST rate3' on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST 'reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry., W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without sicurlty.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. .431 California.
LOANS, 1st or "d mtgs: city, country, 6%. undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott bl*.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLE Y CO., 321 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
.indorser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Kubscriptions has been established at 10)0
Valencia st
MUSICAL INSTRUSIENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co. 's with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from.- Each the best-
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Stelnway any time within
three years from date of purc.iase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $6 per
- month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
$3, $4 and ?5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st.,- Oakland. ...
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella- upright.... $65 1 Schiller $265
1 Emerson upright.. 53 1 Gabler 135.
1 Vose ....."..„., Si 1 Waverly 122-
2 Stelnways ....185 up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
2 Heines .315 up 1 Mason-Hamlin ... 3S0
1 Hallet-Davis 465 1 Hardman 85
2Behr Bros......... 35711 Miller ;....... 125
and fifty others; rented and rent allowed;
rents 13 up; we handle all makes; agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos In existence: agents wanted. HEINE
PIAN'O CO., 217 Geary St. '
PARTIES having any kind of repairing or
tuning of pianos will do well to remembtr
that we have- the very'b<»st fac'.lities for do-
ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repair-
ing and regulating; and will make lower price3
for good work than any house on the coast.
Let us make an estimate on your work.
• MAUVAIS.-MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
SPECIAL pale of good pianos at low prices at
; MAUVAIS 1 , 769 Market it., this -week: you
can pay- cash or installments, as you prefer
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & - CHASE'S; 26.
28 and 30 .O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and'
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ¦ , . " ;
5 PIANO snaps— $60, $75, $80. $125, $130; easy
payments: also Apoll' slight- used, a Bar-
gain. BENJ. CXJRTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell
st.,- Checkering agency.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT- j
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes St.
ALL kinds of musical instruments, from ' a
piano to a harmonica, at Smiths". Cash Store,
25 Market st. ' . • ¦
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $6
per month— dirt cheap. *
HANDSOME 3-pedal standard upright piano;
sacrflced account of death. 618 Eddy st, near
Larkin. .
$133— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale:
217 Geary et.. room 33. ¦¦ ¦¦ ':
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up : rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 22CC Flllmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. . BRUENN. 203 Post St.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be : old. . 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and^others^WIIey^^A^lejn^o^JU^Po^t.
BAROATN — MnFt'be sold; nice nnright ptn.no.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibemla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand «r>rlrht rheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MATJZY, aarer.cy Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman nlanos, 308 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
/ rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
r>BMaMBa>— >"^ ™~"™~_t
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
VERY -fine large store and basement: 993 Va-
lencia St.. near Twenty-first: key next door.
E. G. DENNISTON. "i 43 Mission Et.
USE of 2 rooms, $7 50 a month. Apply rooms
27-28, Blythe building-. 14 Grant ave. .
ONE-HALF larpo office;, desirable location.
Columbian building, room 80, 916 Market St.
PART of nicely furnished office; telephone,
etc. Apply 207 Sansome St. .
POWELL. 143 — Elegant offices partly furnished;
terms reasonable. . ' - • ' • - - - - -
"~~~ Tjoiar ' ¦
UNUSUAL opportunity for investment— An oil
company, owning a valuable lease on proven
'oil land, has expended most of Its available
capital In Its first well, now in oil, and needs
some ready cash to comply with lease and
sink well number 2. buy pumping outfit etc.
Will sell 150,000 shares at once in blocks of
10.000 shares at low price of Sc per share, or
$300 per block. The only reason for making
this exceptional offer is to secure ready cash
without delay. Personnel of the company the
' beat. Company owns $8000 worth of machin-
" ery. - For particylars address box 2872, .Call.*
YOU are entitled to 20 acres In the oil belt; I
will secure It for you for $10, In Lake Co. ; act
quick - for '. nositlvely but very little : left.
.JAMES MORSE. 632 Market St.. room 5. .-.-;
THREE cents per share; safest oil Investment;
Is expected to. go to $2 per share In a' few
months; send - for prospectus. P. S. M. &
I. Co,, 328 Post st. ; .,¦ ..-
T~ JOSEPH B. TOP_1T—, -330 Pine st -
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- * Country Correspondence Solicited.
DIL company Just 'forming; you can get In on
; ground floor for little ¦ money. . ' Box 2844, Call
'' — nce - '-•'-'' "«' - : "- "¦'- ' ' ' ¦'¦¦-¦-;¦¦>¦¦ !• ,.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good, order; all
; Blzes; cheap. H. B. WHITE, 510 Mission st ¦
WILL deed 'choice tract as subsidy for boring
'.. well. . W.'C HAMILTON.; 8 Flood bldg.
CHEAPEST and beat In America—The Weekly
- Call, 1 16 - pages, i Bent . to any address '. in > the '.
United States or Canada one year for $!.'¦'
REAL ESTATE- Cl'iY— FOU BALE-
REAL ESTATE FOR SAL— BY
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
10 Montgomery St
£5,000— Rents $1530; Polk-st business property;
large lot.
$3000— Nice home on Pierce st. near Halght;
price reduced.
$20,000— Large corner and five houses on Suttar
st; rent flS60.
$3250— New corner home on Twenty-third st.
near Sanchez: No. 3879; owner must sell;
large lot. 37:9x65.
$7300— Rents $72; lot 42x75; near Sixth and Mis-
sion sts.
$2100— Vermont st. near Marlposa: cottage of
7 rooms, bath and basement
$2000— Tehama st.. off Third; two-story fram»
building of two Oats; rents $20 per
month.
J4500— Rents $42,50; Sacramento st. near 'Wal-
nut; two flats: bargain.
$12,500— Halght-st. business corner; store and
two flats; always rented; lot 25x100.
$21,500— Hayes St., not far from Market; lot 37x
120 to rear street; stores and flats.
$3200VRents $50 50 per month; four Cats: half
block from Fourteenth and Mission sts.
$8000— Rents $78 50 per month: business corner
on Church st.; 61:6x100; covered with,
stores; flats above and cottage.
$3750— Rents $33; lot 23xS6:6; Steiner st. near
Turk; store and flat
$5500 — Marine view residence on Lombard St.
near Hyde; 10 rooms; lot 67:8x137:6.
$1750— Church St.. near Twentieth; house of f
rooms and bath; lot 25xS0; half cash.
$6750— Rents $78 per month; 6 flats on Rltch
St.; lot 49:10^x75.
$3500— Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath:
rents $200 per year; Minna st. near
Fifth.
$1400— Cottage on Corbett road, near Eight-
eenth; only $400 casn.
$6800— Buchanan st.. near Vallejo: nice horns;
your own terms.
$2250— Central ave.. near McAllister st; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2250— Stanyan St. lot; suitable for flats.
$550— Elizabeth st; fine building lot; worth
$750.
$7000— Three flats; Fillmoro st. near Oak;
rents $720; lot 25x110.
$1100— Banks st. ; cottage of 4 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Baker st., near Pine; house of i rooms
and bath.
$4000— Guerrero st, near Twenty- second; two
I flats; rents $33.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
$13.500 1... .RENTS $1C3O
Three new flats, near Jackson and Larkin
sts. ; a splendid investment; see this at once;
owner compelled to sell: cost over $15,000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
BEAUTIFUL BUILdTnG LOTS i
AT REASONABLE PRICES.
ON EASY TERMS.
Level building lots • on H st and Nineteenth
tave. boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Eddy-st. cars „
Prices moderate
Terms easy
Lots Level
Streets macadamized
On official grade
Plank sidewalks
Gas— water— mall service
Better class of homes
Branch -fflce at the corner
of H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden
Gate Park: open every day. Sundays and holi-
days; don't delay, but interest yourself In a
home lot at once. Small first payments, bal-
ance $10 per month. Interest 6 per cent on de-
ferred payments.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, [
. 10 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Union st. near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; a
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
$8250— McAllister st, near Steiner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
J750O — Jones st. near Lombard; Z5xlO9:8; 3
modern flats; rents $65.
$;. r >C0— Buchanan st, near Post; 24xS7:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125— Post st. near Baker; 23x137:8; a flats;
rents $37.
$5000— California st, nr. Webster; 25x127:6;
house of 6 rooms.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway:
cottage and 2 flats; rent $41.
$3900— Harriet St., near Bryant: 23x75; 3-story
building; rents $40.
$3350— California St., near First ave.; 24x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3730— Jones St., near Vallejo; 45:10x58:9; 4
flats: rents $40 50.
$3_0 — Clementina st.. near Sixth: 20x80; housa
of 6 roms and bath: rent $25.
« UNIMPROVED.
I $1S.OO\-Unlon, near Mason; 93:6x13 7:8.
$5600— Greenwich st, near Taylor; 45:10x137:8.
$4800— Union st. near Webster: 63:9x137:6.
S3500— Fulton St.. near Fillmore: 32 :6x— 7:6.
$3000— Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100.
$3000— Waller St.. near Stanyan: 25x100.
$16C0— Florida st. near IS th; £0x100. .-•-
$1250 each— Dolores, near 30th: 25x100; 2 lots.
$1000 — Emma st.. near 14th; 25x90.
iCW — Lake, near 13th ave.; 30x72.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
41 AND 42. CHRONICLE BUILDINa
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY. .
$27,500— Sixth-st. Investment: 73x00; 4 stores and
8 flats; 'rents $230 per month.
$3,750— Cheap Western Addition flats: lot 37:«x
120 to rear street: 2 flats. S and S rooms,
and 4-room cottage; rents $45 per
month;
$2,S50 — Downtown investment; Harriet st.
near Bryant; 2 flats, ' 5 and ¦ rooms;
rent $26 per month.
To close an estate— Offer ; wanted; t flats, 5
rooms each; 25x125; Eighteenth st, near
Castro.
CHEAP LOTS. ; u'- I
$4, OCO— Washington, near Cherry; 50x129.
$2.200— McAllister, near Baker; 25x137:8,
$2,000— Waller, near Belvedere; 25x108.
$1.100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27x100. •
$1,800— Devlsadsro. near Waller: 25x125.
$1.8D0 — Folsom. near Seventeenth; 25x122:8.
$900— Twenty-eighth, near Guerrero; 25:8x114.
$1.400— Cor. California and 12th ave.; 32:6xlC«.
$850— California, near Eighth ave.; 25x120.
$600— Blake, near Point Lobos; 23x100.
$1.000— Second ave., near California; 25x100.
$1.200 — Twenty-second, near Castro; 25x114. -
$500— Sanchez, near Eighteenth: 25x110.
Make offer— Cor. Eighteenth and Eureka: 50x75.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
- 41 and 42. Chronicle building.
SUXNT3IDE. *
— ~ * > ; -.r ;
— _— i ' • iV .-' ¦'
$1500 — House of 7 rooms; newly painted through-
out; 7 rooms and bath; this, is a bargain.
We will loan you the money to buy it.
$1350— New modern 5-room cottage; grand view;
worth $2000; must be sold; your own
terms.
$1250 — Desirable 6-room house: this property
will be sold for mortgage; payments, $250
cash. $14 per month, same as rent
$300— Four- room cottage; large yard; suitable
for chicken ranch or market garden; good
windmill and all fenced; no payment
, down; $8 50 per month. -
jSOO — Five-room cottage ; splendidly located:
near car line; in good condition: will be>
sold to the right parties for $100 cash,
balance $9 SO a month. Here's a chanca
to own your own home.
A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansom« st.
- ,'¦ , Room 2, first floor.
jl» f (XX) FOUR very fine modern flats near th«
Park; 6 rooms and bath each: rents
$110; mortgage $8500; lot 40x106:3; cost
$13,COO to build.
$8,000-«-T— -o new up-to-date flats in Western
Addition; 7 and 11 rooms and bath re-
spectively; rents $55.
$8,E0O— Three very nice flats on Larkin St.; 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $82 50;
mortgage $5500.
14 500— A snao; north Harrison, between 6th
and Cth: two 2-story houses of f rooms
and bath each; rents $40.
$7,250 — Three elegajit flats. « rooms emch: west
ride Jones, north of Filbert st; rents
|C5.
Apply R. McCOLOAN.
24 Montgomery St. room S.
$200— CHEAPEST corner offered; 75x100; South
San Francisco; level; ready to build on; well
worth $400.
$60— A little snap in City Land Association;
lot 25x100.
$250 cash — Balance on time, or easy monthly
payments: new cottage in Mission; or will
take lot as first payment.
$350— Best corner In Ocean View; right on
car line; corner San Jose ave. and Broad st;
25x100.
$1400— But will submit offer; 29 th-st cotta«»
In good order.
Liberty st, near Guerrero; good house, 7
rooms, bath," basement, etc.; will be sold
cheap.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
TO homeseekers— Economical folks who wish to
own a -snug, comfortable home should Inspect
that new 6-room house, nearly finished, 672
Noe st, bet Nineteenth and Twentieth ; prlca
very low; terms to suit; builder may be seen
on premises to-day (Sunday).
Whpn in this vicinity It will Interest you to
examine the new 6-room bay-window houses
building on Hill st; these win scon be In
shape to sell at moderate figures; easy pay-
ments. FLINN. SANDERSON — CO..
Real Estate. .238 Montgomery st
_________________
To secure a fine artistic up-to-date hom • la
a superb location: 50-foot lot: double frontage;
sun in every room; cars.' schools, park; every
advantage; can't be duplicated: reasonable
price. Apply bet. 1 and a to 73 Central "are.,
bet Halght and Waller sts^ _^
$12. 5C0— PACIFIC Heights modern residence.
. THE MCCARTHY CO.. MS Market »t
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale; to be removed.
At Twenty-second and Harrison sts.
$2700— «-room houses: easy terms y- up-to-date.
Elizabeth, near Douglass. J. Anderson, owner.
For Additional Classified Advextiae-
•jnents. See Page Thirty.
MOXTEZUMA COPPER AM) COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
Copper Is the best mining proposition in the
world to-day, for the following reasons:
L The growing demand for copper occasioned
by the advance In electrical construction.
2. The depletion of copper deposits upon
which the trade has hitherto largely depended.
8. . The immense bodies of low-grade ore In -
favored localities enabling companies with large
capital to make their properties dividend-payers
almost from the beginning.
4. Better than gold because "gold Is where
you find It" and, considering the large number
cf gold mines, is rarely found in paying, quan-
tities; huge bodies of copper ore carry uniform
values and don't "peter out." - • ' .
5. Better than oil, because of the numerous
wildcat companies.
WASHINGTON COPPER MINES.
Perhaps the largest copper deposits \n the
world lie In the State of Washington; they were
discovered and development work begun in
some sections only a few years ago; the oldest
of these mines are great producers to-day and
are making fortunes for the holders of the
stock.
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY.
This newest and at the same time the largest
of copper companies in Washington offers pre-
cisely the same opportunities that thousands of
people tave grasped to their profit. It has
twenty-four fine properties in the famous Car-
bon River and Tahoma districts at the base of
Mount Rainier, fifty-two miles from Tacoma,
one of the most favored mining regions In the
world, by reason of the large bodies of low-
grade ore. Its proximity to rail and water trans-
portation, and the abundance of- timber and
water on the properties themselves. This and
adjacent regions have already produced values
amounting to $100,000,000, and the output has
hardly commenced.
The company is capitalized at $10,000,000, of
which $8,000,000 is treasury stock, non-assess-
able under the laws of Washington.
The four properties of the "Tacoma" group
are destined to become one of the most pro-
ductive mines on the Pacific Coast. These
alone, when developed, will bring the company's
stock to par. The ore Is 6hown In a vein thirty
feet wide, which is traceable on the surface of
the whole width of the company's holdings. The
Tacoma tunnelhas been driven over one hun-
dred feet In solid ore, running over $60 to the
ton. There are fifteen distinct veins of minerals
In the company's properties, and It is not un-
reasonable to expect that as many more will
come to light as the properties are developed.
„ THE ASSAYS.
The following is the result of ten assays taken
from samples of ore In the tunnel of the Ta-
coma mine of the Montezuma Company:
Per cent Ounces Ounces Total
Copper. Gold. Silver. Values.
38 12-100 5 $134 60
20 12-100 3 75 68
15 24-100 3 54 35
15 60c 4.50 48 in. 30 in. 1 33 35
16 40c 3.7-6 48 in. 16 in. 56 81
6 20c ' .66 48 In. 2 In. 17 76
13.32 4-100 2.02 28 24
24.26 8-100 4.C2 85 46
(9.41 6-100 8.03 . 105 99
6.88 Trace Tre'ce 30 00
Average, $61 22 per ton.
HIGH PERCENTAGES OF COPPER.
"The high percentages of copper in these
northern deposits are what will attract the at-
tention of the mining world. It is nothing- un-
usual for them to run from 26 to 75 per cent of
copper. What these high percentages mean will,
be better understood when it is known that the
Calumet and Hecla mine of Michigan is paying
dividends this year (1900) of $40,000,000 from
ore carrying only 4 per cent copper."— San
Francisco Chronicle.
A NEW RAILROAD.
The power plant for an electric railroad Is al-
ready completed, and the laying of the track is
only waiting the development of the ore bodies
to that fifty tons of or« a day can be mined.
This will enable the Montezuma Company to
place Its ore at the Tacoma smelter for $4 25
per ton, and at the sew Fairfax smelter for
one-fourth of that amount. — (See dispatch- in
The Examiner of March 21 for railroad building
to mines.) . -
DIVIDENDS.
All moneys received from the profits of the
Montezuma mines will be paid in dividend!* to
the shareholders. Such funds cannot be rein-
vested In the company. The opening of the
mines and ail expenses incident thereto must
be provided for out of the sale of shares until
returns are obtainable from the properties.
Stockholders will remember that in purchasing
Ehares in this company they at once become In-
terested in all the properties owned by them.
THE VALUE OF GOOD MANAGEMENT.
The success of a mining property depends In
a large measure upon the integrity and knowl-
edge of its management.
C. W. Thompson, president, is also president
of the Washington Co-operative Syndicate (a
dividend payer), was manager of the Northern
Pacific Railway Company's mining interests for
five years In Dakota, Idaho and Washington.
Thomas Carroll, trustee and -vice president;
Judge of the Superior Court of Pierce County.
Clark Davis, trustee; register of the Univer-
sity of Washington. ;
E. M. Shelton, trustee; late Instructor In agri-
culture to the Government of Queensland, Aus-
tralia.
J. M. Williamson, trustee; Judge of the Su-
perior Court of Pierce County.
J. D. Mclntyre. consulting engineer, was for
years chief engineer of the Homestake mine.
South Dakota.
EXAMINATION OF THE PROPERTIES. '
Investors have only to see the properties to
appreciate their worth. With a view to en-
courage subscriptions tc the stock in 'a large
wcy we will give intending investors every op-
portunity to examine the mines where 200,000
or more shares are contemplated on 'a cash
basis. We will be glad to arrange with such
for sharing the expenses of examination.
EXCURSION JUNE 15.
On June 15 we -will run a special train of
Pullman Drawl ng-Room Sleeping Cars from
San ¦ Francisco to Tacoma and Seattle. Fare,
round trip, $40, or free transportation to the
purchaser of stock. S«i.d for excursion folder.
CO-OPERATION AND CONSOLIDATION.
Co-operation and consolidation are the watch-
words of the business world to-day. The enter-
prises which make money for their owners are
theme which are operated in the largest possible
way and with the greatest economy of manage-
ment. The Montezuma Mining Company has
been organized with thtse great facts of modern
business life fully in view. It owns and controls
twenty-four (24) mining properties, and expects
soon to acquire others. Tnis policy is pursued
because business experience has taught that
only by thus consolidating Interests can be had
the most efficient management, combined with
the lowest operating expenses, and, consequent-
ly, the largest profit. Instead of a dozen or
more feeble, struggling companies, each having"
Us official and technical staff, the Montezuma
operates an entire group of mines with its sin-
gle, highly trained and efllclent management.
Investors will not be alow to perceive that this
policy of consolidation and co-operation means
for them a concentration of values in the stock
of the company. Ei'ery single share really rep-
resents all that is back of many shares In
smaller companies.
DOES IT PAY TO BUY MINING STOCK?
Some people say it Joes not; and some people
sa.y It does.
Those people who know nothing about It say
it does not pay-
. But the people who own 1000 shares of stock
in the Quincy draw nearly $6000 cash yearly
dividends; those people who own 1000 shares in
the Tamarack received last year $17,000 in div-
idends; In the Calumet and Hecla they draw
about $33,000 yearly;' in the Alaska-Tread well
about $1500 yearly; In the Richardson of Nova
Scotia $2500 yearly, and in the Homestake of
South Dakota they draw $6000 yearly on each
1000 shares of stock. The list can be extended
to Include 256 mining companies at least in the
United States alone; to own 1000 shares of stock
In any one of them would insure a good yearly
Income.' .
If you had bought 1000 shares of the "Le
Roy" Gold Mining Company five years ago It
would have cost $50. It is now worth $40,000.
* ' ' ' ;.--'.'
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
. Financial Agents, ,
SID Safe Deposit Building, San Prancisco.
Telephone Main 6803.
CRead the Other Column.)
COPPER AKD COAL.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOXJ8AND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
The Montezuma Mining Company, In connec-
tion with the Washington Co-operative Syndi-
cate, has leased for twenty years 1800 acres
of the finest coal lands in Washington, . so that
to-day there is no better -proposition in the
State. We have some twelve veins of coal
from four to nine feet in width, with an aver-
age lift of 2000 feet, and four miles in length.
We have approximately some fifty million tons
of coal. We have one vein of coal nine feet
two inches In width that Is pure # coal except
some two inches of bone; the analysis shows it
to be without a superior in the State. I give
you herewith' the analysis: Moisture,' 1.60 per
cent; volatile. 34.25 per cent; fixed carbon, 62.00
per cent; ash, 2.25 per cent .We will have in
this vein over seven million tons of coal above
water level, and nearly as much below. The
other eleven veins, although not as large, would
give us a vast amount of coal. .1 need not say
that the magnitude of our coal proposition Is a
large one; we shall expect before many months !
to be shipping a large amount of coal per day.
A part of our veins an? fine coking coal. As a
portion of our coal makes the best of coke, and
as each oven will earn about' $5 per day in
making coke, and with an unlimited demand,
this part of our business win be exceedingly
profitable. Our coal property is a little over
one mile from the railroad at Fairfax, where
we are opening up our coal. We have about
600 feet elevation, and' shall have our bunkers
at the railroad and run our coal to the bunkers
in a flume, having plenty of water for this pur-
pose and also to run all of our machinery, so
that all the handling of our coal will be done
automatically, which means cheaply.
We have with both of our companies money
enough on hand to put our coal property in
shipping order. So that we expect to be
shipping coal in May, and shall, I believe, be
able to commence paying dividends in August,
1901.— Letter from C. W. Thompson, President
DIVIDENDS THIS YEAR.
Our coal mines alone will pay" big dividends
to all shareholders when same are run at full
capacity (about thirty men being at present |
employed, the force to be increased as rapidly
as development will permit), and as soon as we I
begin- turning out "copper matte" from the
smelter these dividends will be very materially
increased. The net proceeds of each mine are
paid in dividnds to the share holders;. not one
dollar of such funds can be used for develop-
ment work.
STOCK ADVANCING.
The price of the btock of the Montezuma
Mining Company is advancing every month,
and is liable any month to make some big
Jumps. These expectations axe based upon the
following facts:
First— Because the company has a large cap-
italization, which is nearly all treasury stock.
It has been the experience of the past that all
mining companies having a large amount of
treasury stock have Deen able to successfully
develop their properties, because by the sale of
such stock they have obtained sufficient work-
ing capital for all the purposes of securing and
developing their propeities, while companies
with a small amount- of such stock have failed
from a lack of sufficient working capital. *
The capitalization and organization plans of
the "Montezuma" are such that with honest
management failure la absolutely an Impossi-
bility, and the company must necessarily be-
come a great controlling power of the vast
mineral products of the Pacific Coast.
.. THE POOR MAN'S CHANCE..
' The man or woman earning wages investing
$5, $10, $15 or more per month for the next few
months in this stock may, and most likely will
in the near future receive in dividends every
month a greater income than their present
earnings.
People who make monthly deposits in banks
may reasonably expect much larger returns by
putting the same into the purchase of the stock
of this company; and those with a good bank
account will, without doubt, find It the best
investment on the market at the present time.
There has been no time in the past when the
banker and the public generally could Invest
money as safely in purchasing the stock of a
company, based upon a large capitalization,
with valuable mineral properties and doing a
legitimate mining business, with such absolute
assurance of large returns as at the present
time. . :•
The risks are so small and the prospects so
large that it seems to us that no one with the
slightest ambition to improve his financial con-
dition need have any Hesitation in purchasing
this* stock while he can do so at the present low
price. In a short time the price of the stock
will so advance that none but the rich can pur-
chase it, when the best opportunity of a life-
time .will be lost to you.
WHY A SAFE INVESTMENT.
' Because the company owns (or controls by
long lease) 1000 acres of rich copper properties
and 1&00 acres of the best steam and coking
coal in the State of Washington.
Because there is a constantly increasing de-
mand for' copper, the price for same being
more than double what it was a few years ago.
Because first-class steaming- and blacksmith-
ing coal and coke are in such demand on the
Paciflo Coast that the company could not sup-
ply one-half of the present requirement of the
market If they were producing at full capacity.
Because the "Montezuma'.' employs only the
most skilled mining engineers to be found on
the continent, hesitating at no reasonable ex-
pense to determine the absolute value of their
mines. v
Because the Montezuma Mining Company is
organized under the laws of the State of Wash-
ington, where protection is afforded the Investor
against fraud and misrepresentation.
Because Its Managers and Directors are men
well known for their high moral character and
business ability— particularly skilled In mining
and financiering.
Because the company incurs No Debts, thus
running no risk of a financial crash or panic in
the commercial world. Do you realize the Im-
portance of this? The people of this country
are slowly recovering from a great financial de-
pression; a few years of prosperity are before
us, and then will surely come the regular
period of distress, but it will affect only such
institutions as are struggling under a heavy
load of debt. .
The Montezuma Company has No Bonded In-
debtedness. Its stock i& Non-Assessable. Its
management is unsurpassed. Its products can
be easily and cheaply marketed. Nowhere In
the world can copper \ and coal be produced
more cheaply.
J. D. Mclntyre, consulting engineer for the
"Montezuma," says ta his late report on the
Coal property: "The total or approximate esti-
mate of coal within the boundaries of your
coal lands is 21,621,600 tons." which would give
an output of 1000 Tons Daily for a Period of 75
Years; 300 days to the year. ¦ . .
A BIG, SAFE COMPANY.
Large capitalization insures the complete de-
velopment of all the properties now under con-
trol or that may hereafter J>e acquired by the
company. A development fund -Is created by
the sale of shares, and from no other source.
The tendency of the world of action now Is in
all directions toward combination of capital and
ability In great enterprises*. The time has gone
by when the individual alone, single-hnndod.
can 'make a great success. So It Is In mining
enterprises. The companies of large capitaliza-
tion, commanding, as they do; large resources,
are the successful ones. Such companies "pro-
tect their stockholders in all of their rights and
Interests, and return to them large dividends.
The losses people meet with In such Investments
are always In the small companies, for the
simple reason that their capital is too small to
successfully carry out their undertakings.
FUTURE PROSPECTS.
Every man and woman has a desire to Im-
prove his or her financial prospects.
Even' man and woman who had the gift of
tin Independent Judgment, and the courage, re-
gardless of the possibilities then existing that
every dollar he investe.l might be lost, to pur-
chase 1000 shares or mure of the stock in the
following companies and held on to It, are. now
classed among the wealthy people of the coun-
try. .
The purchaser of 1000 shares of stock in the
following companies, when It- was first offered
to the public at a merely nominal price, would
now have the followins valuations:
In the. Calumet and Hecla ...$760,000
In the Boston and Montana.... 327,000
In the Tamarack ; 194,000
In the Quincy 137.000
In the Anaconda 26,250
In the Isabella 112,000
In the Raven 68,500
In the Osceola 70,000
In the Standard 315,000
In the Butte and Boston 84,000
The above list represents only a few of the
large number of mining companies that have
made enormous fortunes for their stockholders;
PRICE OF 'MONTEZUMA : STOCK?
The par value of Montezuma stock Is $1 per
share. For a short time it is offered at 10c
cash or 12c on monthly installments. ' i-1 . v
These prices are far below the real value, but
the company wishes to carry out its co-operat-
ive idea, making Its shares acceptable to a
wide range of customers. This stock has In-
creased in value 100 per oent since we began
its eale a short time ago, and will make a like
advance within the next few months. A block
of this stock of moderate size will in a few
years provide a competency for the owner. ¦
Remember, the holder of this stock will share
In the profits of both the. copper and the coal
mines.
Send in your subscription by return mall. Act
independently, i act promptly, thus securing the
best possible advantages, for another advance
In price of shares will soon take place.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents. 310 Safe Deposit Building,
San Francisco.
. • Telephone Main 6803.
(Read the Other Column.) . .THE SAK FRANCISCO JCAI/L, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901
30
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sal*
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
Real Estata Agents and General' Auctioneers.
Rent Collectors. *
. 14 Montgomery Street
$3850— Large corner lot and beautiful house of
.'10 rooms and bath, near Mill Valley sta-
tion, Marin County; beautiful. shrubbery;
place highly improved; unsurpassed view;
all in first-class condition; will be sold
' • at the above sacrifice price, as owner de-
sires to leave town; call and' eet partic-
ulars.
A bargain— 107 acres at Truebody Station," Napa
County; 72 acres under high state of cul-
tivation ; nearly all planted In peaches,
-""' ".' ':'" grapes and prunes; flrst-class buildings;
¦"V " " this la one of the best ranches In • Napa
County; owing to death of owner a sacrl-
[ flee will be made; call or write for par-
ticulars, as this is a genuine bargain.
$1600—160 acres Just east of Redding, in Shasta
County: all level land; partly under cul-
tivation; small house; will exchange for
any suburban property, as owner Is now
permanently employed In city.
B0 acres on County Road, near Napa: all under
cultivation; 12 acres in peaches and
prunes; will exchange for small 'suburban
home anywhere along the bay.
$4400—160 acres at Midway Station; 130 acres
now In barley; fenced; buildings, etc.
THE CREAM
SAN MATEO.
Elegant
Building Sites for Sale.
In the Bowie Estate.
The finest suburban residence property of
San Francisco. Now being bought and built
upon by the best class of citizens. \
Also
CHOICE AND CHEAP.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view; within one
hour of the city; In subdivisions at prices of
only $75 per acre and up.
1 For maps and particulars address
MeAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco.
KINGS County, the garden spot of California,
the richest soil on earth; grand climate; the
finest irrigation system in the West;, its
vineyards and orchards are famous; lands
cheap. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK, 32 Flood
building. - .
$1850 FOR 40 acres first-class alfalfa; put In
last year; in the heart of the best lands.
$3000 for 40 acres In full bearing orchard,
vineyard and stock pasture, on easy terms.
RUBENSTEIN & CLARK. .
80-ACRE stock ranch, 70 acres In flrst-class
alfalfa; house, barn; fenced and water right
from two ditches; creamery and cheese fac-
tory close by; a great snap for $37 50 per
acre. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK, 32 Flood
building.
$5800 FOR a vineyard and orchard In full
bearing in the famous Grangeville district
on easy terms. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK.
300 RANCHES In parcels from 20 to 160 acres
in vineyards, orchards and 5 stock farms on
easy terms and low prices. For particulars '
call at our office. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK,
32 Flood building. \ :
FOH sale In Contra Costa County — 90 acres:
an attractive country home, highly Improved
and productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house, 6 rooms and bath;
small house for workmen and two fine barns;
out buildines; there are 4S0O fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, qnlnce, per-
simmons, plums, apples, olive and fig; trees
el Bin years eld and In full bearing; abund-
ance of shade trees.
There axe several natural springs, also well
and tank of 10.000 gallons, which supplies
house and grounds; also a live creek. It Is
situated not far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms, $5000 cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for -3 years, inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good citv
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. .11 ilontgcmpry St., city.
ATTENTION," Home Seekers!
"We desire to call the attention of Intending?
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
i income producing orchards, vineyard, grain and
i stock farms, many of wMch are bank foreclos-
! ures. that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, hav-
ing had forty years' knowledge and experience
In the value of lands, and being the owner of
¦ an Income producing orchard and vineyard,
can Intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains in the State. Send for
new catalogue.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st
Headquarters
Of the Tourist Free Information Bureau.
E. C. PECK, Manager.
~~~ AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Executrix sale of real estate : and personal
property; four 20-acre tracts of the most fer-
tile fruit land in- Sonoma County, situate 8
; miles west of Santa Rosa, on Vine Hill Road,
near Trenton; will be sold at auction on
Thursday, the 18th day of. April, on the prem-
ises, to close the estate of the late Edward
Surryhne. For further particulars apply to F.
B. SURRYHNE, Real Estate Agent, 138 Mont-
¦ gomery st. -_
80 ACRES, Jackson County, Oregon, Sams
Valley; 2 miles to P. O., 8 to railroad; house,
well, creek: good' fruit land; fine climate;
good neighbour; no froste; outside' range;
clear; $C00 or trade for vacant Oakland prop-
erty. 1 lot in Paso Robles, 113 by 300 feet,
$125 or trade. H. G. WHITTLE, 131 San
Pablo ave., Oakland.
IN the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres in bear-
ing; fine fence, y barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; ideal place made by
practical man with experience; will sell
cheap on account of leaving the country. R.'
E., box 2904, Call office. "
FOR sale— 280 acres unimproved land, Tuol-
umne Co.: also 160 MariDOsa Co., wood and
water, on county road, perfect title, cheap,
cash. Particulars 1713 Polk st. ; A.
BRL'HKKE. :
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., by Call building,
sells hotels, lodging-houses . stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
RANCH for sale — 45 acres; 30 in prunes and op
pies; 10 In grape3; house, ban, 4 springs.
Apply owner, M. MELLOT Lsxington Hotel,
Alma P. O., Santa Clara County, Cal.
$1000 — 40 ACRES: 4 miles from county seat;
25 acres cleared: some fruit and vines; a good
hog ranch. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market St. -
$1600—160 ACRES short distance from Liver-
more: orchard on adjoining property. JE-
ROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st. -
FARMING and other property In various parts
of California for sale, i Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, GUTHRIE &'CO..
816 California st. San Francisco.
— — — /
FOR sale — Nicely improved home of six acre*;
300 fruit trees in full bearing; house of 5
rooms and basement, barn, etc. ; near R. R.
depot. For information address Owner, box
54, Novato, Marin Co., Cal.
SEE this — Fine stock ranch and general farm,
1 near R. R. and this city; 600 acres; well
watered: fine Improvements; a lovely home;
photos this office. H.. H. CRANE, 608 Cali-
fornia st. ¦ s ' '
' BUY In Napa County: no drouths, no lrrlra-
. tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." THE W.
i A. MACKINDER CO. 8t Helena. Cal.
BARGAIN — 50-acre farm near Pleasanton,* Ala-
meda County all level land; fronts on county
road; house, bam, etc.; price $3750, Includ-
ing % growing crop. H. H, CRANE, 608
California st " . '
1 ONLY $12 50 per acre — 320 acres on the Ala-
meda Creek, Alameda County; good house, 9
• rooms, 2 large barns, etc. ; fenced and cross-
fenced; good stock and hog ranch; no waste
! land: a genuine bargain. H. H. CRANE,
608 California st. • . ' .
"WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
: free ronv of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
1 REALTY TO EXCHANGE. \
I HAVE property in all parts of the -U. S. to
exchange and choice colony tracts for sale;
t Bend stamp for catalogues. ¦
r G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
> ' S17 Market st, opposite Mason. ,
. WILL exchange for city unimproved lot; neat
5-room bath and basement cottage. East Oak-
- . land; nice neighborhood; handy to local trains
3 and electric cars; always rented to same ten-
• ant." E. B., box 2908, Call office. ¦
- IN Mill Valley; house and lot for sale on ac-
count of - departure, or exchange for unlm-
' proved city property.- 626 Turk st '
• (SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
' ALL kinds bought, . sold and repairing guaran-
L teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
' ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, 1 exchanged, re-
' paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rate3. 146 6th; phone Mint S.
j -^^UBURRAN^_ESJDEWC^TO_XET.
, IN Belmont furnished- nine-room moderr
¦ house and outhouses. Inquire A. F. OTTO,
Belmont. . . • -
- MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces
- : supporters made, repaired. Menge, 603 Kearny
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS •
Offered by the Alameda Land Company; genu-
ine bareains that must be disposed of; some
very cheap homes for sa'e. / . : ¦¦-:". : — "
$1500— Fine 5-room 2-story house for_ sale.
$2100— Great bargain; 7-room cottage; large
lot. ¦ ¦ - .-- •-' .-
$2500 — Fine 10-room cottage; Morton-st sta-
tion. . : . > • ¦ • ¦ '- <
$2500— Elegant 7-room house; lot S5xl50.
$2850— Nice 7-room cottace; lot 50x150; on one
of the best avenues: must be sold. ' :
Two fine lots; must be sold at once; price only
$300 and $600; 'See them at once.
Houses built, rented exchanged. __-
• ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st, Alameda and room 325. Parrott
building . S. F.
Office open Sunday and evenings. ~"
BARGAINS for Investors.
• Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes • built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R. DENKE. "West Alameda
Real Estate Office, J Webster st and Cen-
tral ave. .
DO you want a cheap home on a fine large lot
and In a choice location? Just look at prices
below. Easy terms. Just like paying »ent!
$1800— New modern cottage of 5 rooms; latest
plumbinsr; near trains and schools. ..-I...
$2750— Snap; fine 8-room cottage: lot 50x150
feet: on San Jose ave. Don't fail to see this.
Headquarters for furnished houses. HAM-
MOND & HAMMOND. 2326 Santa Clara ave.,
near Park st.. Alameda. ¦ "t -- "
NEW cottage 6 rooms, nearly finished; call
. at "Weber St., south of Central ave. - If this
does not suit I will build you what you want
J. H. YOUNG, BUILDER, 1243 Park st
FOR sale reasonable— A pretty modern 6-room
cottage, with every convenience. Call or ad-
" dress 1552 Verdi St., -Alameda. •
$12E0— SNAP; eleeant new modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location ;- near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. J501 Park st
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. . $1 per year.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. *
2113 CLEMENT ave.— Six rooms and bath; rent
$15. Apply 1318 Larkin St.. San Fran.. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
S ' -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$150— SEE the acre lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$450— LOTS In the Wheeler Tract. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO . - "
$3500— MUST be sold at once; 8 large rooms;
cost $5000; street work all done; cement side- |
walks, etc.; grand view; 2 blocks to cars and
close to U. C. grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1300-$100 CASH, balance $15 per month; five
large rooms and bath; brick foundation; two
blocks to care. W. C. MORAN & CO. '
$2400— SEE this; 6-room house; lot 60x135; two
blocks to cars; finest flower garden In Ala-
rncda County; $250 cash, balance same as
rent; $25 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln Station and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
EXCHANGE— New cottages and houses in East :
Berkeley for unimproved lots In Berkeley, 1
Lorin or Oakland.
Investments— New modern houses near uni-
versity; bonton neighborhood, pay 1 per cent
monthly on price asked; -only one- third cash
required.
Installments— New modern cottages, 3, 4 and
5 rooms; near trains; East Berkeley ; $1200,
$1400 and $1600; payments, $16 and $19 and $22
monthly; no cash required.
Will build to suit you and buy lot In any
location . on installments.
H. B. PINNEY, with A. A. DUDLEY, 11
Montgomery St., S. F. ; also Berkeley Station.
STOP PAYING RENT.
Cottage, 4 rooms, close to station, street cars,
school and stores; lot 40x135: price $750 only; $50
cash, balance 10 monthly. . Take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorln Station, west side of railroad
track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
CHANCE of lifetime — 5-room cottage in prime
condition; bath, tiled sink, • stationary tubs,
hot and cold water, patent closet, high base-
ment; street sewered and macadamized; lot
40x135; windmill and tank; fruit trees; nice
flower garden; close to station; price $1250;
$200 cash, balance $15 monthly. Take Berke-
ley train, get oft at Lorin Station, west side
of railroad, track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON, Lorln.
13500— A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7
rooms, large lot electric lights, etc., in the
very best portion of the town; a lovely home.
$4250 — A new well-built house of 8 rooms;
corner lot; near the university.
Near schoolhouse, station and electric cars,
nice house of 6 rooms, bath; all complete; lot
50x135; price $2700. *.
1 Apply JOSEPH J. MASON,
1 . '. Real Estate.
J Adjoining P. O.,, Berkeley.
$850— A BARGAIN for little money; cottage! of
4 rooms, hard finished; good sized lot; chlsk-
en yard; flowers; -Q blocks- of schoolhouse; a
snap for few days. '"V i
' MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley Station. '
$650— FINE corner lot on Grove st, near High
School and Town Hall; street work done one
side; a bargain for ' quick buyer. ¦; MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley Station. . .
$1200 — NEAT cottage of 4 roocM a^id bath;
windmill; street work done; must be sold. '
$2800— Almost new cottage on Improved
street; fine view. .
$5000 — Modern home of 8 rooms; lot 50x125;
all Improved; will take outside land In part-
payment. - '
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley Station.
$1800— 50-FQOT lot on Durant ave., east of
Shattuck ave. .
'$400—80x135 ; y 1 block to electric cars, 3
blocks to steam cars.
$650— Beautiful corner, 45:4x130; 3 blocks to
Berkeley station.
Call and see our list of Berkeley property.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite First Na-
tlonel Bank. __J •¦
$1400— HALF cash, balance $15 per month, will
buy a new modern 7-room cottage; large lot;
house alone cost $1SOO; must be sold at once.
McBRIDE* Golden Gate station, take Berke-
ley train.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
BERK EJLEY HOTELS.
THE PLEASANTON— A flrst-class hostelry for
those wishing to spend a few months in
Berkeley during, the sumnra season; rooms
en suite or single. For prices, etc.; address
"The Pleasanton. 2632 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE RBAL ESTATE.
H. A. j PLEITNEIR, Frultvale Station. Cal.
- $675 — Good house of 4 rooms; hard finished: 8
closets and pantry, basement, well, chicken-
house; lot 81x110; $75 cash, balance $8 50 per
month. •"
$775— Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; fruit
trees, chicken-houses and chickens: city water;
let 40x135; all fenced; must be sold as owner
Is going East.
$700— House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken-
houses; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 60x140; all
fenced. ' -
$975— For sale in East Oakland; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath, hall, basement sani-
tary plumbing, etc.; 4 blocks from local train;
easy terms If desired. • ,
$1000— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms; fine lawn and
shrubbery; chicken-houses; city water; lot 87:6x
100; connected with main sewer; only 3 blocks
from Fru'tvale Station.
$1100— House of 4 rooms; stable, incubator-
house, 10 chlcken-houces, large brooder-house,
7 brooders, incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms.. ; :--',.«,:iW- ; .' ' • - '
. $1250— Modern cottage , of 4 rooms and bath ;
high basement: lot 35x115; fruit trees: located
In the best part of Frultvale; only half a block
from Frultvale ave. ; easy terms If desired.
. $1350— Choice bargain; new modern cottage of
4 large rooms, high basement, good brick foun-
dation, bath, closets, pantry: chicken-house;
fruit trees; lot 125x150; all fenced; fine location;
just the place for raisins chickens.- t
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms, basement and attic,
bath, "etc;" stable, chicken-house, fine well,
windmill and tank; lot 60x125.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall, basement
stable, chicken-house: lot 107x260; easy terms
If desired. For particulars apply tor ¦ . : .
H. A. PLEJTNER. Frultvale Station, CaL
SPECIAL notice— The Home Building Com-
pany has removed its office to south side of
railroad track . on . Frultvale avenua. • <
$500— House of 4 rooms, ull plastered: larga
: ~- lot; good pump; your own terms.
$300— Lovely lots at Forest Park; will build
- "¦-- house to suit. ¦¦---•- - ; ..
' ' $700— House of 3 rooms and high basement;
..!"-'• corner lot; ¦ cement sidewalk: 2 blocks
• •> from- Frultvale ave.; terms,- $9 80 per
month. . - ¦
$900— House. S large rooms. 1 block from
Haywards car line; chicken houses; good
barn; "well and city water; your own
terms. ' " - - ¦¦>¦
|800— 1-acre . chicken ranch, near Frultvale
'~vV. v ave. ; small cash payment down, balance
same as, rent..' .-"-. ¦••• .-'. ". • ' .
... $1600— Modern - house, 7 rooms and bath; very
large veranda; 4 blocks from . station.
$600— Beautiful corner lot 62x125, 1 block east
- j '/ of Frultvale ave. ; : 2 short blocks - from
schoolhouse. ' ; .-¦¦'.'
'. Houses of all kinds for rent Money to loas
"Remember this address. • ¦ » - -¦,•
THE HOME . BUILDING . COMPANY.
; South side of railroad track, >>
• . - • ..'¦-- - Frultvale avenue.
. .W. E. RUDELL, ¦ Frultvale/. CaL - >
FRUITVALE BEAIj ESTATE.
BARGAIN— One acre In beautiful Frultvale;
good location; grand view; alluvial soil;
splendid health resort; also well. adapted for
chickens; this . property Is close to Morosco's
beautiful : country home. " Together with 3-
. room cottage; $1250; $100 cash, balance month-
ly to suit; take Berkeley train, get 'off at
Lorin station, west side of railroad track.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
.CrF.tH- 1118 bkOADYVAY. .
* _°[ A fe L _4?'' 3 P_ RE A 1< _ ¦ E . s _T A ..Tfi'. , - , - -
A SPECIAL LIST OF VALUES!
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
" 460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland.
$250. 000^-Attentlon, Capitalists 1 -
An unfortunate owner offers the grandest
speculation ever presented In Oakland real es-
tate; encumbrance $125,000; offers 'wanted.
$55,000— Fine corner brick block, choicely sit-
uated; under lease; splendid buy for revenue
and future Increase.
¦ $30,000— A eenuine pick-up 'for quick sale;
handsome corner brick block; present rentals
$200 month; good for $300 month; will be sacri-
ficed if sold afc once; investigate immediately.
$23,000— We are authorized to oJfer a fine busi-
ness property in one of the best towns In Ala-
meda County; steady annual Income, $2300;
owner must sell.
Oakland Homes.
' ¦"¦;'¦¦ $50,01)0— A Mansion.
" Almost 1 the equal of any home In California;
14 acres superb grounds; over $150,000 has been
expended; modern Improvements 10 years old;
beautiful suburban location; mortgage $22,500;
Immediate offer wanted. •
$25,000 — An extraordinary home offering:
think of It, just completed; never occupied; a
magnificent residence, grandly situated; simply
too large for owner.
$l < ?,000— This is without doubt one of our big
bargains in an Ookland home; built In 1S91;
cost $27,000; former owner and neighbors known
throughout the State; unequaled; central, ele-
vated location; estate causing the sacrifice.
A gentleman's country seat; price $20,000; 12
acres choicest income orchard; artistic grounds;
rare shrubberies; finest soil In the s county;
modern city, style residence, 12 rooms; very
convenient to Oakland and San Francisco;
Chlcagb millionaire once offered $22,000.
$9000— Frultvale; an estate forcing sale of
10-rcom residence; two acres choicest grounds:
surroundings the finest in Fruitvale; refused
$25,000.
$8000— A retired banker's home: cost him over
$17,C00; 8 rooms; >4 block elegant grounds;
sacrificing account going to Europe; elevated,
warm, healthy location. - -
' $8500— Centrally located: handsome 12-room
house, near station; exceptionally pretty block;
superb grounds; half value; must sell; snap.
$6500— Linda Vista Terrace: beautiful 9-room
home: choicest location; -a bargain.
$6500^ — Home with a view of six • counties;
modern 8 rooms: Vk acres; electric cars pass
the door.
$5500— Near Telegraph ave. and 28th st ;
splendid neighborhood; healthy, convenient lo-
cation; 9 rooms; HOxllO; splendid value.
' $5500— Cost $10,000; elegant, central; East Oak-
land corner home; mortgage forcing sale.
$4500— Market station; modern 9 rooms; owner
going away; offer considered.
$4000— Suburban two acres; full-bearing fruit:
modern . Colonial 7-room home; personal prop-
$2500— A foreclosure; 32d, near Telegraph;
good 7-room cottage; 60x168; offer wanted.
$2400— $200 cash, $20 month; Adeline station;
bank sale; new. 6-room Colonial cottage. -»'
$4000— Snap; bet. Market and Broadway sta-
tions; S-room house; 100-foot corner; 60 feet
could be sold easily.
$1100— Oak station; cheap house, 6 rooms, on
two 25-foot lots; snap; bank sale.
Choice Residence Lots.
$6000— Piedmont; 100x825; panoramic view.
$2500— Lakeside district; 50x150.
$lfi00— Adeline station; choice; 35x100.
¦ $4250— Elegant corner; 85x100; j Blackstone
$40 foot— 225 feet deep, near Linda Vista.
$30 foot — Near Senator Perkins: choice.
$750— Corner 50x160; Clinton station; snap.
$600— Inside; 50x150: Clinton station; snap.
See us for Oakland real estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4fiO and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
<k ''¦*• • ___
\ •
' ' , BANK SALE. .
Cottage and Lot 100x100.
$15 monthly installments; cottage of 6 rooms,
lot 100x100, right close to San Pablo ave.
electric line, with well, cement walks, wind-
mill, tank, cistern and fruit trees. A fore-
closure snap; look this up at once; handy to
ferry trains.
I .'• . ¦ BRAND NEW HOME.
$2600— Seven rooms, new, never occupied; im-
proving neighborhood; sunny front; stone
¦walks; modern plumbing; everything first-
class: ready to move in; title perfect; terms
can be arranged^ w AtJSTIN & co .. .
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$10 000 HOME; cost to build $15,000; 10 rooms
and bath: lot 80 feet frontage; almost at
' Fourteenth and Broadway; choicest location;
space will not permit In the ad extolling Its
charming qualities; finest and best home ever
offered for sale at such a sacrifice; must ba
sold to close an estate: seeing is believing;
call early. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broad-
" way, Oakland. .
$1650 FOR a '$2000 property In East Berkeley;
2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything;; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood; we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2300 FOR a splendid 7-room house; driveway;
large lot; In perfect condition; originally cost
$4500; owner, going East and must sell before
leaving: first come, first* served. J. S.
MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
~ JAS. S. NAISMITH.
452 Ninth st.
BARGAIN In fine home in Piedmont
Only one block from the cars; nice corner,
having a frontage of over 60 feet;. new mod-
ern two-etory house of 7 rooms.* bath, laun-
dry etc; grounds full of fruit trees; chicken-
house barn; everything nice; cost $3000; will
be sold for $2250, as ownei: is about to leave
for ihe East. ¦
Big bargains In vacant and Improved prop-
ertles In all localities. "
IN LINDA VISTA— That choicest of all resi-
dence locations In beautiful Oakland; fine
modern house of 10 large rooms; fine heater
throughout the house; library, large recep-
tion hall double parloi-3. immense attic and
basement; in the most desirable part of this
elegant terracce; this house has a view of
the Golden Gate .and foothills that nothing
'can cut out; is worth to-day $8500, but owner
will sell for $6500 to effect a quick sale.
JAS. S. KAISMITH. 452 Ninth st
$20 CASH. $5 monthly: new barn and outhouse:
lot 5813-100x72 41-100x137:6; perfectly level;
sandy loam soil; view and climate the very
best; near wide boulevard and fronting on a
good county road; near two electric car; lines,
stores and new Town Hall; close to a model
school; 85 families located within 2% years;
the worklngman's property, _ adjoining East
Oakland; see this bargain at once; price, all
told "$385; call or send for circular. 435 Sev-
enth st, Broadway Station. Oakland;
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner. "
$1250— Lovely homer beautiful avenue. East Oak-
land; every convenience: street Improved;
large lot; electric and local cars; 1 block from
fine school: half market value; good specula-
tion: must sell Immediately. Address Owner,
box 2856. Call office. . ¦ •
SMALL cottage for sale or lease; large yard
for cow and chickens. 443 Sherman ave., off
Telegraph ave. .'
OAKLAND ' COTTAGES TO LET.
$9— OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms, bath, base-
. ment large lot. city water. ' R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3, 4th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.,
or A. J. SNTDER, 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAKD STORES TO LET.
COMMODIOUS offices to let; best location;
¦ electric elevator service. Abrahamson build-
Ing, corner. Thirteenth and Washington sts.,
Oakland.. '
110— OAKLAND corner store, with S living
rooms: large yard and city water. R. J.
' MONTGOMERY, r. 3, 4th floor Mills bldg.;
'¦'¦¦ b. F.. or A. J.' Bnyder. 467 Ninth st. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALB.
AN : Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
.:.furn'tor* dealer. -11th and i«VankHn. Ostfcinnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.-
BUENA VISTA ave.. 449. near Frederick— S
I fur. or unf ur. rooms or more ; fine grounds.
] EDDY, 604—2 or / sunny furnished roonu for
'housekeeping; * gas. ... ¦ . '
' ELLIS. . 639. . corner Larkln— Large sunny bay-
j- window; use of kitchen; other room.
I F1LLMORE, 2212, near Clay— $7; 2 large sunny
I unfurnished -rooms; nice yard and water.
¦ KULTON, 30{! — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
i. -rooms; hot and cold water; bath, range, yard.
2 CLEAN furnished housekeeping rooms to let
. . Apply • 422% ; Grove st ; no children.
GOLDEN GATE ave., " 822^ — Bay-window suite.
'i 3 rooms; gas range; also 1 room suitable for 2.
GEARY,: 1012—4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, - with use of bath and ¦ telephone. ¦* ,
ROOMS FOB HOPSEKEEPIJO^
HOWARD. 917-2 rooms, newly
plete; also larger room. $10: housekeeping.
HOWARD. 827— A suite housekeeping rooms, $2-
HOWARD. 1606-One single and two Jouse-
keeping rooms; complete housekeeping, cheap.
LAGUNA, 1303. corner Ellis-2 8?nny front
rooms., nicely furnished for housekeeping,
no children. ~_
LIBERTY. 129-3 to 5 handsome c"™^ 1 /
furnished housekeeping rooms; use of piano,
phone, gas stove; pleasant surroundings,
very desirable. ¦
LINDEN ave.. 324— Pleasant sunny front room
for housekeeping. _J_
MASON. 417-^Nicely furnished for housekeep-
ing: sun all day; $18: single rooms from $t>.
MISSION, 178—2 sunny front suites, complete
for housekeeping; regular kitchen; bath. *«
and ?16. ;
MISSION. 1647-For housekeeping. 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms; gas: bath; runnig water; phone.
O'FARRELL, 742—3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; 1 large light housekeeping,
low rent. • /
POWELL, 143—2 bedrooms: also housekeeping
room furnished; references. - 1
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet Hyde and Larkln
—1 nicely furnished room: private residence;
light housekeeping allowed If desired.
SECOND, 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable. =
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms: also single rooms.
SUTTER 309— Furnished suite front rooms.
first floor, $5 week^ '
TO rent for the summer— Three newly furnished
sunny rooms and bath: complete for house-
keeping: Laransr, near Pine; no children, box
2914, Call office.
TURK, 613—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas range; 1 unfurnished room.
TURK. 803— Nicely furnished alcove suite: con-
necting kitchen; running water; gaa. bath.
$6— NICE front room; 223 Kearny st. near Sut-
ter. Apply 15 Grant ave. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 "Flllrnore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
ValTf'n Ft. ' '
ROOMS .TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn,
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up: flrst-clqsa meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
BIRCH av«., 617*4— 3 unfurnished rooms to
let; $8. t
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1105— Nice sunny room, with board;
billiards; reasonable.
CAPP, 20—3 large sunny unfurnished rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1419— Furnished room, with
board; suitable for two gentlemen.
CLEMENTINA. 434%, bet 5th and 6th— Largs
furnished room in private family. $3 50 month.
DEVISADERO, 1311%— 3 or 4 handsomely sunny
.furnished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EDDY, 872— Elegant suite, $35; other rooms; If
seen will satisfy; new flat. ¦
EDDY, 874— Elegant suite of rooms furnished;
aleo single; private family.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334 rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730—2 large sunny front
rms.; 1 single rm., $6; bath; private; German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
t ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 784, near Fourth— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences: home-
like; $1 e. week up.
HENRIETTA square, 7, off 11th, bet. Howard
and Folsom— Nice front room, with closet,
etc., for a lady, with or without board; very
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 412. room 6— Two desirable un-
furnished rooms; $8.
MINNA, 262, near Fourth— For rent, nice fur-
nished front parlor, also -small room, by pri-
vate family.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient
MISSION. 1206— Nicely furnished front bay-win-
dow room; sunny: suitable for doctor.
NICELY furnished rooms, with bath; good
location; with private family; references.
Box 2901. Call office. '
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunnj furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week., mo.
PAGE, 140— One furnished room; private fam-
"y- : . —
PINE, 813, near Powell— Single front room with
closet; private family; $6 50.
POLK, 301-303 — Newly furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms; gas, bath, phone. ¦
FOST 631— Large front room, furnished, $9 per
month; Protestant Christians; neither drink
nor smoke In the house.
POST, 943 — A nicely furnished bay--wlndow, al-
cove room; running water^
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, • smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $3 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 3i!>-321' Ellis st.— Rooms,,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 428— Single front room: run all day.
SUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Very choice for busi-
ness or home; reasonable; please Investigate.
TEH AM A, 215— Newly furnished front room;
reasonable. . , -
TURK, 432— Bay-window suite of rooms; also
single rooms; private family. 1
VAN NESS. 930 1
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
ROOMS i AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace,
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS. 324— Newly furnished sunny front suits,
with or without board.
HAIGHT, 232— Nice sunny rooms with board.
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board flr»t
class. 2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
NICE sunny room, furnished, and board If
required. 43 Oak st
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant,
larre sunny rm.. also sing. rm. ; board; ref.
ROOMS WANTED.
FOR business woman, furnished room;- refined
house; quiet surroundings; $6 monthly; cen-
tral. Box 2913. Call office. .. .
WANTED— Three neatly furnls>ed room« for
light housekeeping; about $20. Box 2915, CalL
LADY palmist wants room; will pay part In
sawing; reference required. Box 2889. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Plll»
ara the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
¦end 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city "or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st-, rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market st— La-
dles during confinement w, 10 days' care, $20.
STORAGE ASP \yAREHuUSE9.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping; at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 28L
GOLDEN WEST" Storage Warehouse 840 Mls-
slon st. : tel. Mint 1821. ¦ F. ,W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AXD~SUPPLIES";
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In tha city: rentals, $3.' The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2M.
DIVIDEND -KOTICESl!
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 28 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company i will bt payable at the office
of . the company, 327 Market st, San Fran-
dsco, on and after Wednesday. April 10; 1901.
T £ anaf er ' ° ooka closed Thursday. April 4,
190L at 12 o'clock m.
•-:¦'.¦ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 28, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office : of . the company. 430
California st. San Francisco, on April 10.
1901. - Transfer books close April 8. 190L at
noon. A. A. SPARKS. . Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty Values are gradually rising.
Take advantage of our bargains.
$500 to $800— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$850 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75. $100. $200 and $350— Ocean Boulevard lots;
$5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lots' near Mlssion-st cars.
$1000, $1500 to $3500— Choice and modern cot-
tages; good locations; easy terms; all bar-
gains.
Branch Office, 9th ave., nr. H st, Sunset
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, -
64 CHRONICLE BUILDING.
IF you want to buy a nice cottage cheap
look at that one on Folsom and Stoneman sts.
NEW Elx-room-and-bath house in Mission. H.
Felge. builder. 1024 Capp St.: terms. "
FOR sale — Cottage of four rooms; easy terms.
Inquire store Twenty-eight and Alabama sts.
FOR sale— Lot 83:6x100 feet; west line of Ten-
nessee, bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
Apply "1061 Tennes6ee st., Potrero.
C. C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st
Make offer" — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25 x
127:6 feet. . ;
$S750-JUST completed: Pacific Heights; artls-
tic residence on Jackson St., near Baker,
built by day work, containing - 11 sunny
rooms: very handsomely decorated ; mosaic,
marble and Roman brick finish; heaters and
registers; electric service and every known
possible convenience required In a flrst-class
residence; terms to suit. Apply on above
premises from 10 until 2 o'clock.
$1300-CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city; cement - sidewalk; plank side en-
tiance: -part cash. Call Immediately on H.
W. DAVIS, 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
CHEAP— House and lot 56 ft front concrete
wall, iron railings. 7 rooms, bath,, laundry,
barn, chicken yard, lawn;. most healthy and
pleasant location In S. F. ; further particu-
lars Inquire of I. L. MERRELL, 22 Vlcks-
burg Et
FOR Sale— Nice cottace, 4 rooms and bath;
every convenience. 529 Sixth ave., near Park,
Richmond. •
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. 8ALSBTJRY.
builder; office 1833 Market st
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
CHEAPEST and . best In America— The Weekly
* Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada «ne year for $L'- *,;
"-¦;>.- MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR -sale at a bargain— A cottage in best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful surroundings:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANN, 318 Sacramento st
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SA^B.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
ESS Market street
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ET.TJS STREET—
Must b# sold this week; three elegant moder*.
flats of t rooms and bath; just finished; sunny
eide street; nothing finer In the city; rents
$1740; t minutes' walk from Kearny st; lot
Z7:6xl37:C; prloe $16,000. .. c . ,
NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDITION
FLATS— &nip; 2 beautiful modern flats of 7
and 8 romi and bath; round bay-windows;
light ¦»»* sunny, cars pass; vicinity Pacific
Heights; rents $960; price $8S00.
ELTCANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
Ness ave.; lot 26x137 .-6; aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath, conservatory, etc.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER— On
Jackson street; superb unobstructed view of
entire bay; 27:6 frontage; 2 flats of 6 rooms and
tath: new modern; cost $9000; ground alone
worth price; price $4600; bank mortgage $30u0
can rezn&ln.
' A LOVELY HOME CLOSE TO THE PARK
PANHANDLE— On north side Pare street;
Urge fine well-built sunny residence of 9 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements; lot 25x114
feet; price $6000.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AT A SAC-
RIFICE— i fine well-built fiats of 5 rooms and
bath; sunny side street; lot 15x127:6 feet; price
$3000.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
- 638 Market st
EA6TON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ~~~
638 Market street
Bargains.
%Rass.
Foreclosures.
Estates.
All Vast Be Eotd.
All Must Be Sold.
Auction.
Auction.
Auction.
TUESDAY. April », XML
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market st
•
mMmjART-BTKEHrr INVESTMENT— No. 1J
Eteuut st, near Market; this Is one of the
finest and safest Investments In the city to-
day. It is situate within a few .feet of the
neT7 ferry building-, adjoining Market st, in the
heart of the commercial district of San Frar-
cisco. The present improvements consist of
ttore and flat; rents $36 50.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION— No. 2221 Pa-
cific ave., near Buchanan st. This magnificent
borne, situated In the most aristocratic resi-
dence section of San Francisco and surrounded
by elegant and costly residences, will be sold
absolutely to highest bidder, notwithstanding
the fact that the property opposite sold last
week for $500 per front foot. Elegant, modem
In detail; » rooms, bath, laundry, wlneroom,
etc Lot 30x117, back to rear street
fl>
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS PROPER-
TY— West elde Valencia street £5 north of
18th; also north eide 18th st. 100 feet west of
VUencla.; 2 fine business lots. 25x100 each on
Valencia street, the natural continuation of
JkT j-ket and the main business street of the
Mission; large lot 35:6xlS0 feet; elegant cite
for flats or residence.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE— No. 2514 Pine St., near Pierce; one of
the most desirable residence sections of the
Western Addition; bituminlzed streets; conven-
ient to several car lines; beautiful residences
on every Bide; this elegant residence of 11
rooms and bath, attic, basement, stable and
driveway is situated en the sunny eide of the
Etreet and is built so as to admit sun and light
In every room; rents $600 per annum; large lot,
42:4tt feet front by 137:6 feet; Lank mortgage
$5000 can remain or can arrange payments.
FIRST-STREET INVESTMENT-No. 356
First st. near Folsom; lot 25x87:6 feet, with L
20x50 feet: well built house of 8 rooms and bath;
rents $27 CO. and cottage of 3 rooms, rents $9;
total rents $3C 60.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— No.
1G27 Hayes et.. near Lyon: only one block from
the beautiful Park Panhandle; large elegant
I idem residence of 9 rooms and bath anl
basement Modern and up to date In all de-
tails Hayes-street cars pass; bltumlnlzed
street cement walk; 23x100.
BOTJTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— No.
254 and 254H Perry Bt. near Fifth; tenement
property of this kind pays larger Interest than
any other property. Improvements large well-
built modern building of 6 fiats of 4 rooms each.
Always rented for $52 per month; lot 32:6x60 It.
MISSION CORNER FLATS, northeast corner
—Nos. 1335 and 1337 Vermont and 25th St.: two
sew corner fiats of 4 and S rooms and bath an<1
ten-foot brick basement, porcelain bath, tiled
mantele, porcelain sinks with tiling; eve-y
modern" Improvement: rents $30; one-half block
from Mission and Howard street cars; lot 25x
100 feet.
No S7EE t3d st, near Chattanooga— Forced
eale; well-built bay- window cottage of S rooms
and bath In the famous Mission Warm Belt;
only a few eteps from Mission and Twenty-
-«.cond ct cars; lot 25x90 feet
ALABAMA-STREET COTTAGE— No. 1664
Alabama St.. near 27th: story and half house ?f
t rooms; rent $8; lot 23x110 feet
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street
>
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. BPECK &. CO.. 667 Market Bt
$1600— Seven-room house on Broadway: a
enap.
$2350— Two erlendld flats; rented $23; near
Sixth st
J32oO— Seven-room house on Leavenworth «tj
very cheap.
$3500— Near Butter st: 2-etory 7-room house;
offer wanted.
$7750 — Splendid Investment: near Van Ness
ave.; rents $81; all rented.
$9500— Vicinity of Ellis and Powell sts.; lot
<0 feet front; rents 163 ->er month.
$12,500— Leavenworth st; rents $105; lot 65 fest
front; all rented.
$14.000 — Three elegant flats; rents $150; " all
rented; half cash; must sell
$17,500— Two 6tores and two flats; no vacancy
In 8 years; rents $107; lot B0 feet front
$18.000 — Howard st: downtown: fine 4-story
building, with basement; tnts $12S.
$25,000 — Greatest bantam In city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented and
pays positively over 8 oer cent net; within few
blocks of Chronicle.
$28.000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats: rents $250.
$36.000— Mission st; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district.
$40.000— Comer on Sansome st: 137 feet front;
old improvements: rentlnr for $250.
$40.000— Corner Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents $240.
$56.000— Grand corner; •& feet front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net
$75.000— Grand corner: 60 feet front; within
block of Tlvoli: old improvements; rents $400.
$75,(KX> — Splendid corner Investment: rents $535;
lot 83x120; 3 frontages; .iew improvements.
Other barealns.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 687 Market st
MCAFEE BROTHERS. ~" ~~
108 MONTGOMERY ST., 8. F.
$40,000 — Central business property, two blocks
north of Market et-; pays 6 per cent
ret
fl9.000— Fine Income property; payi $2130 yearly.
$18.000 — Business property In growing district;
needs new building.
$12.000— Fine corner lot In Pacific Heights. 45
xlOO; marine and city view; must sell at
once.
$13,500— Home on Vallejo Bt; 9 rooms and at-
tic and basement: fine marine view.
$7,500 — Two new flats In Panhandle district;
6 and 7 rooms; rent $70.
$5,500— 6-room bouse on Webster st, near
Jackson.
$4.800— Two modern flats, 6 and 8 rooms; rent
$50; In Panhandle district
$4,000 — 9-room house on north side of Clay
. St.. Preeldlo Heights; lot 23x127 feet:
quick sale desired; no reasonable offer
refused.
$3,500— Lot 105x114 feet on Twentieth st. In
the Mission; house of 7 rooms; stands
on 25 feet: a bargain.
$3,750—4 flats near Eighth st.. overlooking
baseball grounds; rent $40; owner anx-
ious to sell.
MISSION.
Art for our list of Mission -cottagea. E, t and
7 rooms; easy terms.
LOTS I LOTS! LOTS!
Pacific Heights.
Presidio Heights.
Mission.
FINE FOR FLATS.
IS lots fronting on McAllister et; slie 27:6
xlS7:6. Right In the heart of the Western
Addition: get plat and prices at office.
MeAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery Et, S. F.
6ELBCT your lot anywhere, we will buy . It
for yon. erect a house to suit and sell -It to
you on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market «t . Sv
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., ' *
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
21S-220 Montgomery st. Mills Building. [
Read Them All. They Are Good.
LARGE INVESTMENT.
$140.000— Magnificent 5-story brick building:
close to Union Square; pays 6 per cent net
after paying all expenses, 'including taxes, in-
surance, etc.: for full particulars apply at this
office.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$43.000— North side of street close to new
residence now being erected by Mr. J. D.
Spreckels; view of. bay, Alcatraz Island and
Mount Tamalr>ais; absolutely unobstructed;
house modern, substantial; beautiful entrance;
hall with three handsome stained glass win-
dows; hardwood floors on main floor and In up-
stairs ball and three bedrooms; electric lights;
handsome fixtures; 7 bedrooms, 3 baths, trunk-
room, storeroom, furnace, etc.; large lot, 68:9
foot frontage.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
tl3,5(K) •
North side of Vallejo St., between Buchanan
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 137:6 feet In
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; bouse about 5 years old; Inspection
will Drove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains In marine-view homes ever put en the
market; lot and Improvements have been-ap-
pral&ed by competent brokers at over $13,000. -
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7500— Rents $92 per month; south of Market
et:. between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
POWELL-ST. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$4500— Rents $42 60; lot 22:11x68:9 feet to rear
street; Improvements consist of three flats.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$C750— Lot 80 feet front by 60 feet depth;
Leavenworth st, near Broadway: Improve-
ments are four 2-story houses, renting for
$£3 50; certainly an elegant proposition for in-
vestors. .
: ¦ ' CORNER FLATS.
$8000— Comer of Buchanan st; modern flats;
renting for $64; lot 24xSl:3 feet
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2100— Fair Oaks st, near Twenty- fourth; 6
rooms and bath; lot 25x108 feet; mortgage of
$1000 can remain at 6 per cent
$3250— Florida^st.. near Twenty-fifth: lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can pay $500 cash, balance In monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less If desired.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker 8ts.; 23x96:10%;
facing Park Panhandle.
J37S0— Ninth St., near Bryant; Jot '25x100 feet;
Cheap.
$2000— West line Church St., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$13: modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$1950 — Price reduced from $2350: modern cot-
tape on Second ave., near Point Lobos; S rooms
and bath; lot 25x120; or 50x120 for $2750.
$8000— Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Broderick; rents $78 50; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750 — Marine view; corner of Vallejo St., near
Jones; 34:6 front; improvements rent for $21.
$7750— Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:4i£xl27:8Vi; fine
marine view.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery Et., Mills Building.
LYOJT & HOAG.
REAL ESTATE. 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
HANDSOME HOME AT THE MISSION.
$9000 — Best portion of Dolores St.; 2-story
house of 10 large sunny rooms; stable and
sheds In the rear; fronting on alley; extra
large lot. 65x117; beautiful grounds; ideal home
at low figure
$1900 — Bay-window cottage on Church St.,
near Twenty-seventh; contains 5 rooms and
bath; small stable In rear.
$2300— $500 cash, balance $25 monthly; pretty
bay-window cottage; Twenty-seventh st, near
Dolores; lot 25x114: 5 rooms and bath.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$18,000— Rent $160; brand new building; east
of Taylor st. and south of California; new
improvements; all rented.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5750— Rent $50; 4 flats well located at the Mis-
sion; lot 80x114, of ¦which 40x114 Is vacant; very
cheap.
$3000— A bargain; bay-window cottage on Fill- !
more st., near Green; 5 rooms and bath; lot
i 30x87:6; good neighborhood.
I $S5C0 — Rents $100; three handsome modern '
fiats in "Western Addition, near Park Panhan-
dle; full sized lot; best Interest paying prop-,
erty in the market.
$26,000— Rents $255; handsome new building in •¦
best renting section of Western Addition; con-
tains 7 large sunny flats; corner lot, more than
30xJ00.
$9759 — Handsome new flats; rent $90; Devlsa-
dero st; all rented.
$11,000— Large corner lot on Octavia st., near
Page; over 50x90 in size; improvements rented
for $80; offer wanted.
$7000— Near Fell st. and the Park Panhandle:
• fine two-Etory residence, 9 rooms and bath;
lot 23x106.
$12,500— Business property south of Market
Bt. not far from town on principal street; new
three-story building, store and two flats;
rent $90.
14000 — Rent $40; two flats in Mission district,
between Fourteenth and Flfteent sts.; flats In
excellent condition; always rented.
J $3000— New cottage of 7 rooms and bath, on-
! Liberty st. near Castro; $1000 cash, balance
$25 monthly.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
F. B. EURRTHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 Montgomery st.
$5750 — Big bargain; modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25x«l:3; on Devlsadero St.,
near Hayes; mortgage of $3500 can re-
main; must be sold.
$5500— Want an offer; north tide of Page St.,
between Octavia and Lagruna: lot 25x
120 to rear street; 4 tenements of 3 rooms
each, renting for $40 per month; front
portion of lot vacant. \
$8000— Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
and bath; situate on main drive to the
Park; car line at the door.
$3500— Within one block of Panhandle; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x106; bargain.
$8500— Rents $77 50 per month; 3 fine flats; near
Halght and Scott sts.; lot 25x106.
$4800— Near Harrison and Fifth sts. ; 2 nice
flats 5 rooms each and rear house of 3
* rooms: rents $40 per month; lot 25x112:6.
$5500— Beautiful modern cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; First ave., near California st. ;
lot 25x120; house cost $4500 to build.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Winfleld Scott Brown. 48. Napa city, and
Marie Brown. S3. Napa City.
WilUam F.~ Miller. 22. " 79 Zoe street and
Katie M. Batcher. 20, 513 Linden avenue.
Brady Paul Byers. 35. 21 Valencia street, aai
Marion Eliot Mackie. 24. 21 Valencia street.
Emll Euch. 38, 218 Golden Gate avenue, and
Auguste Rlsto, 26. lfflB^ Dupont street
Axel Johnson. 39, Oakland, and Anna L. Nel-
son, 25. Oakland.
Antonio Lucito. 23. 515 Union street and
Maria Navarra, 17, 515 Union street.
Slgnwnd Cahen.' 30, 531 Baker street, and
Minnie Feder, 19, 1224 Golden Gate avenue.
Andrew P. Mlchelson. 21. 32S4 Mission street
and Dallas Boye. 20. 422^i Fremont street.
Arthur W. Quinn. 27, 255 Linden avenue, and
Elvira Oneto, 22, 5C8B Fulton street.
Henry F Jurs, 28, 13 Johnston avenue, and
Die Louise Golder. 26, 1171 Eush street.
John J- Mitchell. 26, 2721 Folsom street, and
Bessie F. McLaughlln. 25. 340% Duncan street.
Alexander Macdonald. 28. 1320H Dolores
street and Nellie Ludolph. 22. 1320*4 Dolores.
George E. Butler. 38. city, and Blanche Rlde-
°'"willfam R-* Dunn. 23. San Jose, and Mary
M. Thompson. 20. Gras-* Valley.
Burt H. Holland. 25, 264 Minna street, and
Madelene Dlxon. 19. 264 Minna street
Robert E. McGinty, 25, city, and Mary E.
40. 56 Boyce street, and
Bessie B. Hudnall. 33. 66 Boyce street.
Gerald F. Rearden, 23. 1701 San Bruno road,
and Susan H. Ford, 23, 1S16 Thirteenth avenua
south. _^^___^____^^.^.^^-^____ —
EIBTHS— MARRIAGES-— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
b6bh.
AMBROSE— In this city. April «. 1901. to the
wife of William Ambrose, a son.
CORPE— In this city, April 4. 1901. to the wife
of Edward Corpe. a daughter. '
FOLEY— In East Berkeley. March 27. 1901. to
the wife of Daniel F. Foley, a son.
HEALY— April 4. 1901. to tha wife of C. J.
Healy of Stockton, a son.
HEItTZBERG— In this city, April «. 1901. to
the wife of Jake Hertzberg, a son.
JACKSON— In this city. March 27. 1801. to th«
wife of Francis L. Gresley Jackson, a daugh-
ter.
KARPE— In this city. April 5. 1301. to the wife-
of W. G. Karpe. a daughter.
KLEVESAHL— In this city. March 30, 1901. to
the wife of Julius M. Klevesahl. a daughter.
LINDEGREN— In this City. April «. 190L to
the wife of Gustaf Llndegren. a son.
PATTEN— In this city. April 2. 1901. to th»
wife of Harry A. Patten, a daughter.
SOMERSETT— To the wife of R. C. Somersett,
a son.
TOSO— In this city. April 2. 1901. to th« wlTa
of Frank Toso. a son. .
VARN1— In Ocean View. March 23. 1901. to th»
wife of William Varnl. a daughter.
WEYMOUTH— In this city. April 3, 1901. to
the wife of F. P. Weymouth Jr.. a daughters
TVT A •R."R.T"RT>-
CESSNA— HETZEL— In this city, April «. 1901.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Harry
D. Cessna of San Francisco and Mary Rosa
Hetzel of Ottawa. Kans.
HAGEN— GARCIA— In this city. April 4. 1301.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
Theodore Hagen and Ella Garcia, both of
Ban Francisco. . -
HARNISH— LAMBERT— February 2X 1901. by
the Rev. J> Guibert. Henry D. Harnlsh, and
Armandlne L. Lambert.
HEEGLER— MYERS— In Oakland. April 4. 1901.
Louis Heegler of San Francisco and Susis
Myers of Berkeley.
ROSEN STEIN-CROWN— In this city. March
31. 1901. by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson.
Mendel Rosenstein and Esther Crown, both,
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Adams. Pascuala, A. Mangels. Harry
Arndt. Lizzie Mansell. Michael
Baumann. Charles Mayers. Dorothy
Brask. John G. Miller, Julius S. B.
Brown, Irasoa C Moran, Daniel J.
Chabot Julia Nicholas. Antona
Conniff. Nicholas Perrell. Phillip
Delucchi. Louis Pinella. Vincenzo
Dolan, Michael Power. James D.
Foster. Daniel Schmaltz, Jacques
Foster, Sophia Seller, Frank
Gomez, J. H. Severns, Mary B.
Hansen. Anna M. Sheats. Marion A.
Harlock. Robert E. Strong. Johanna
Johnsen. Rebecka E. Twyford. Thomas F.
McKeune, Henry Wright. Annie B.
ADAMS— April 4, 1901. Pascuala A. Adams.
dearly beloved wife of William F. Adams,
mother of William. Juanlta. Charles. Edna,
Josephine, John, May and Loupe Adams. an4
sister of Mrs. E. Murat and Fernando Ace-
ves, a native of Mexico, aged 40 years 10
months and IS days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1302 Pacific street, thence to the
. Church of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe. cor-
ner Broadway and Mason street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
ARNDT— In this city, April I, 1901. Lizzie,
beloved wife of the late Otto Arndt and sis-
ter of Eugene, Timothy, William. Charles.
Annie and Eliza Garcia, a native " of Santa.
Cruz, Cal., aged 35 years 4 months and 3
days.
BAUMANN— In this city, April 5, 1901,
Charles Baumann, beloved son of Frank and
Bertha Baumann. and brother of Frank Bau-
mann. a native of San Francisco, axed 10
months and 5 days.
E7Friend3 and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O»
O. F. Cemetery.
BRASK— In this city. April 5. 1901. John G..
husband of the late Maria C. Brask. -and
stepfather oC Edward Brask and Mrs. 3.
Coughlln. a native of Sweden, aged 67 yean
9 months and 15 days.
BROWN— In this city. April 8. 1901. Irason C,
beloved husband of Amanda L. Brown, and
father of Nellie R. Brown, a native of Maine,
aged 73 years 8 months and 4 days.
CHABOT— In this city. April «. 1901. Julia
Chabot. beloved mother of Joseph A. Chabot,
a native of France, aged 48 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth,
street Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONNIFF— In this city, entered Into rest.
April S. 1901. Nicholas, husband of tha lata
Joan Conniff, a native of Galway, Ireland,
ased 77 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 316 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn reauiem high mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DELUCCHI— In this city. April BL 1901. Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Manraret De-
lucchi, father of Mary, John. Louisa and
Louis Delucchi, and brother of Mrs. 8. Cor-
tapassi and Mrs. G. Taleri. a native at
Italy, aged 53 years 1 month and 14 days.
C7Friends and acaualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 9, at 2 o'clock, from Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets. At 10 o'clock same day re-
mains "will be conveyed from his late resi-
dence. 535^4 Union street to said church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will ba
celebrated for the ' repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock.
DOLAN— In this city, April B. 1901. Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Maria Dolan.
father -of Maggie, John. Katie and Michael
Dolan. brother of Robert Dolan. and brother-
in-law of Mrs. Logue, a native of Llsard.
County Waterford, Ireland.
E7Friends and acaualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 1606 Fulton street, thence to St- Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
FOSTER— In Alameda, March 5. 1901. Daniel
Foster, beloved husband of Emma J. Foster,
and father of Will H. and Walter F. Fos-
ter and Mrs. Walter Teller, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 71 years and 21 days,
i lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. Services at th»
chapel. Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco. Cremation.
FOSTER— In this city. April 5. 1901. Sophia
Foster, a native of England, aged 63 years.
GOMEZ— Late Of Pinole. Contra Costa County.
In thl» city, April 5, 1901. J. H.. beloved
husband of Maggie Gomez, father of J. H.
and A. M. Gomez and Mrs. Georglna Chat-
telton, son of Rita and the late J. F. Gomez,
and brother of Frank. Rose. Dell, May.
Manuel and Charles Gomez, a native of Por-
tugal, aged 43 years 4 months. and 14 days.
A member of U. P. E. C. and A. O. U. W.
of Pinole. Contra Costa County. CaL
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 43 Hoff avenue, off Sixteenth street,
between Mission and Valencia, thence to
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
HANSEN— In Fresno, April 3. 1901. of paraly-
sis, Anna M., beloved wife of Louis Hansen.
mother of George and Mamie Brennan and
Continued on Page Thirty-One.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
_" DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
JXNERAL DIRECTORS AN1> EMBALMERS.
• N Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
Eugene McGinnI
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers. I
31 EDDY STRELt ?. J
Telephone South 232. San Franelsoo. I
'¦ No Connection With Any Other House. 1LOCAL MARKETS.
Associated Banks' Statement.
To Start Settlement Paper.
- BERKELEY. April 6.— The college eet
tlement in West Berkeley has been pre
sented with a complete printing outfit by
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst. The boys will
start a paper to be devoted to the inter
ests of the settlement. J. A. Olmstead.
a student of the university, will have
charge He will be assisted by Edward
Hadlen and Frank Speegen.
Auditor Wells yesterday returned with
out his approval three demands for over
time sent to him by the Board of Public
Works. The demands were drawn in fa
vor of George Keelpy for $5 63. M. Kava
naugh $7 13 and Ed Sweeney $7 S7, and rep
resents pay for extra sewer work. Wells
says that his attorneys advise -him that
the charter does not allow pay for over
time to city employes. He says the men
are caid for work on Sundays and holi
davs arid the charter says this shall be
in full compensation for their services.
No Pay for Overtime.
The Financier says: The changes in the
If sidinpr Items of the Associated- Banks of New
York for the week ending April 6 are heavier
than for a month or more past. The current
statement covers a full week, although for
two days of this period the stock and ' com
mercial exchanges were closed. The exittbit
reveals a further decrease of $2,052,525 In ex
cess reserve, bringing the total surplus above
requirements to $5,S17,915, the lowest figure
touched since December 8 last. . The contrac
tion was due mainly to a loss of $8,678,000 in
specie and legals, and the latter. In turn, re
flects in full the operations of the bank with
the treasury and the interior. It should be
understood • that the " drain on the banks by
reason of gold exports, etc., counts to the
full amount In the statement, while on the
other hand receipts probably . show only aver
ages. The "week, 1 however, was characterized
by several ' temporary transactions that cut
Into the banks' totals. The gold exports have
already been mentioned. In addition a.gTeat
deal of currency has been flowing out of New
York in payment of sales of gilt-edged secu
rities in this market, and the treasury has
also profited by reason of unusual sales of
stamps and payment of taxes, etc., at- this
center. The banks, therefore, have been put
to an unusual drain, but the reduction of the
lean Item JX2.449.3OO, with the fall In deposits
cf $18,501,900. offset nearly two-thirds of the
cash loss. With reference to the changes In
the leading items it is to be noted that sev
eral large banks are responsible for the
heaviest decreases. . These. Institutions repre
sent the syndicates which have figured in deals
of various kinds for some time past, and it
Is to causes incident thereto that the bulk of
the week's changes can be attributed. As to
the 1 general . effect of the ' statement on tho
current money market it Is idle to speak at
NEW YORK. April 6.— The weekly state
ment of averages of the Associated Banks
shows: Loans, $904,440,600; decrease. $12,449,
300. Deposits, $985.7S1,300; decrease, $18,501,900.
Circulation, $31,781,700; increase, $146,700. Legal
tenders. $69,402,800; decrease, $2,967,700. . Specie,
?;S2,S60,500; decrease, $3,710,300. Total reserve,
$'- > D2,263,3C0; . de'erease, $6,27S,000. ! Reserve re
quired, 5216,443,325: decrease, , $4,625,475. ' Sur
plus reserve, $5,871,975; decrease, $2,052,625.
. -visors That It Works Hardship
on Their Business.
Attorney Thomas F. Prendergast filed a
petition yesterday with the Board of Su
pervisors signed by a number of ¦whole
sale butchers, asking for the modification
of the present pound ordinance in order
that their business may not be harassed
by the officers of the pound acting in pur
suance cf the regulations. The petition is
signed by Biggs & McCormlck, William
Taafe & Co.. II. Levy, B. Salles & Co.,
Clayburgh & George, J. G. Johnson,
Charles Rosenberg and Miller & Lux.
They represent that the pound ordinance"
works a hardship and is In restraint of
the trade of wholesale sheep butchers in
South San Francisco* or the district set
apart for the preparation of meat for the
people of the city.
That the ordinance is unreasonable and
injurious to the interests of the petition
ers was made evident, they say, in tha
recent summary impounding of a flock of
sheep near Hunters Point. That a repe
tition of such proceedings may not hap
pen, the petitioners ask that the pound, or
dinance be modified by eliminating there
from the provisions which forbid grazing
or herdine animals on unfenced lots, so
that the ordinance may not apply to the
southern suburbs.
Wholesale Butchers Inform Super*
STB02TG PBOTEST AGAINST
THE POyND ORDOTANCrE
The .market stands the same, .Bran being
firm and Hay" steady. - ' , ",
BRAN— $15 50®16 50 per ton/
MIDDLINGS— $16 5O@19 50 per ton. : - *»¦'$'? -j
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, JIG 50®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26; jobbing,
?26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $25®
25 50; - Cracked . Corn, $25 50<g26; Mixed Feed,
J15@16. •' ' • ¦ ¦-"¦¦¦ '"'
HAY— Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat. Jll® 13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12;Oat, $3® 11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa.- $8@9 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35<g>47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers'. Extras. $3 15©3 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per "barrel for ¦ family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; j Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ' ¦ : ¦ ¦ -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to : the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. *7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50;'Hom
iny $3 50@3 75; ; Buckwheat Flour, .$4®4 25;
Cra'cked Wheat, |3 60;_Farlna, $4 60; Whola
Wheat Flour," $3 25; Rolled Oats - . (barrels),'
$6 10f?7 60: -In sacks. $5 75(&7 25; Pearl Barley,
$5; Split' Peas.. $5; Green Peas, $S 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No Bales.
Becond Session— No sales. : . ¦
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
76%c ' " -¦
OATS-Quotatlons remain undisturbed. There
Is not much going on. White, $1 35@1 60; Sur
prise, nominal; Red. $1 30©l 45; Black, *1 15@
1 COr"— Yellow,- *1 10@l 15; "White, fl 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed, $1 12% per ctl.
RYE— S0@85c per ctl. t
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at »1 63©1 70 per
cU, ex-warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December-*
20CO ctls. $1 WA. .
Second Session— December— 2000 ctla, Jl 0i% :
6000. $10*14. May— 2000. «1 00%. ...'
Regular Morning Session— Deoember— 2000 ctls,
$1 04%- 2000, $1 04%. May— 10,000, $1 OL
BARI>ET— Both spot and future prices were
better and. the feellne was firm all around. /
Feed, 80c for choice bright, 77%@78%o for
No 1 and 73%@75o for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 82H@87%c; Chevalier, nom
inal. ¦*•;•¦" - ¦ ¦ • ¦. ' ¦¦¦¦.;, • ¦
Chicago was weak and dull, with, operators
favoring the bear side. Snow reported the
crop in better condition than for years. New
York wired that fair orders were, being re
ceived from the Continent. The corn market
continued feverish and stiff and Kansas City
wired that . feeders in Kansas and Western
Missouri were wild for corn.
The local market showed no change worthy of
note. - ' ¦ .- ¦ .- :
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, $1; < milling. $1 ozy.®
1 05 per ctl. . .
WHEAT— There were no foreign quotations,
the day being a holiday abroad. New York
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ;.. — J4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 459
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight ;. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — is
Silver, per ounce — ' 68^
Mexican Dollars/nominal — 50,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Southern Calif ornla— Cloudy Sunday with
light frosts In the morning back from the
coast; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday; warmer Sunday night;
fresh northerly winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Sunday; light northerly
winds. , .
Utah— Cloudy Sunday; warmer Sunday night;
fresh northerly winds, diminishing in force.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally fair
Sunday, with increasing cloudiness at night;
not so cold; light northerly winds changing to
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Sunday; frost In
the Interior Sunday morning:, not so cold; light
northerly winds.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather on
Easter day over the greater portion of the
Pacific slope. ¦ . • • . .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending: midnigrht April 7:
The temperature has fallen 8 degrees or
more over Utah and Eastern Nevada. The
weather still continues cool . throughout Cali
fornia, temperatures ranging from 6 to 10 de
grees below the normal. . .
Rain has fallen at Eureka, Fresno, San Luis
Obispo and in the Sierras. ;
The pressure has risen rapidly along the
coast from San Francisco northward. It has
fallen from Point Conception to San Diego, and
there are some Indications of the development
of a low over California south of the Tehach
apl. ' ¦
FORECAST,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 43; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Master of Transportation Richardson
said last evening that the coast division
trains at present consisted of seven cars.
The cafe cars had been built especially for
the coast division service and they
would be replaced by dining cars if the
immense traffic continued. He .said the
trains could not make the time they do
at present if they consisted of more than
seven coaches. . •.;.%. ;,•; :
A number of the patrons of the road
claim that they will bring the matter to
the attention of President Hays unless
there is a change for the better. They
say that more coaches are needed and
that a dining car service should be Insti
tuted at once. •
Numerous complaints are being voiced
by patrons of the* Southern Pacific Com
pany who travel over the new coast di
vision line. They claim that a number
of changes should be made at once for
the comfort of the many hundreds jour
neying on the road at this season of the
The chief grievance is the poor dining
car service that is at present in vogue.
The trains that leave here and Los Ange
les carry what Is known as a cafe car.
This car has accommodations permitting
fifteen people to partake of meals at one
time. The train that arrived here late
Friday evening from Los Angeles car
ried more than 400 passengers. During
the trio up those who wanted to partake
of a meal on the train had to stand in
line and wait their turn. As an actual
fact the line at the lunch hour was of
such a length that those who were at the
end of It did not get their meal until 4:30
p m which Is pretty nearly dinner time.
On this trip two women fainted from ex
haustion while waiting ¦ their turn to get
a meal.
The passenger car service on the coast
division Is also very bad. When the
trains lesfve xvos Angeles at this season of
the year they are crowded with tourists,
who are on their way to San Francisco.
Numerous stops are made along the road
and by the time a train arrives at Mon
terey the cars are crowded to Inconven
ience. There are always at this point many
passengers on their way to this city and
the conseuqence is that a number of them
have to either stand in the aisles or sit
on the arms of the chairs until they cr
rive here.
Service on the Coast Divi
sion Creates Indig
nation.
MUST FALL INTO
LINE FOR MEALS
NEW TORK, April 6. r FI,OUR-Receipts;
64,9^2 bbls.; exports, .10,116.' Weak and lower
to sell, with trade light. Winter patents, $3 60
it,-.; Minnesota patents, $3@4 25; do, bakers,
*2 P0®3 25. ; .. :
WHEAT— Receipts, 135,800* bushels; exports
139,549 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 78v4c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77c ele\-ator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, - S5%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 89c f . o. b. afloat. Options, after
a steady opening on light covering, became
more or less demoralized under liquidation,
impelled by further short selling, predictions
of bearish statistics on Monday and fine" weath
er West. Closed barely steady at He net de
cline. May, 76%<&>77%c, cloeed 77Vgc; July,
77*@78c, closed 77Uc; September, 76*@77y.c,
closed 76%c. 4 ,.•¦•..
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1900
crop. 17020c; 1899 crop. ll@16c ; old olds, 2@6e;
Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@19c; 1S99 crop 11®
15c: old olds, 2©6e. - - •
HIDES— Firm; California, 18><.<fl9c. •
. WOOL-rDull; domestic fleece," 24@26c; Texas',
15(gl7c. ¦• . j • • '
COFFEE- Spot, nominal; mild." nominal. '
SUGAR — Raw.-flrm; fair refining, 3^@3 17-3'c;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; molasses sugar,
3 9-32c; refined, steady; No. 6, 4.70c;' No. 7,
4.60c; No. 8, 4.50c; No. 9, 4.45c; No. 10, 4 40c;
No. 11. < 4.35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13, 4.30c; No.
14, v 4.20c; standard A, 5.05c; confectioners' A.
5.05c: mold A. 5.60c; cutloaf. ¦ 5.75c: crushed,
5.75c; powdered, 5.25c; granulated, 5.25c; cubes,
5.00c. ' " '¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦ v :-¦ '¦¦¦¦• ¦ ¦ '•? -?r
DRIED FRUITS,
Holiday dullness prevailed in the market for
evaporated ' apples throughout the session and'
prices remain unchanged. State common; 3@4o;
prime, 4*@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; .fancy, 6@6*c.
California fruits, dried, • continue, dull and,
nominally . unchanged. • .' ' v'
PRUNES— 3Vi@7c per pound, "as to size and
quality. ..,,...... . .--.. . ' , . : • -
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 3*4®
13c. ' ' ' -V : . • • ' • . ,-<.'; '¦ .
PEACHES-pPeeled, 12*@20c; . unpeeled, ', 5*
@10c. ' ¦-¦.•'.•-.',
CHICAGO, April • 6.— May. corn opened wild;
with bids ranging from- 44c to 44%c, the high
est price of the crop for delivery, next month.
These prices were % to, l%c higher than ,the
close the previous session and marked a com^
plete recovery from the demoralizing break of
the first, two,, sessions of the week. ¦ ' Phillips^
the bull leader, who" Is"' credited with -having
control of the market, bought moderately; fjr
customers and declared that he ' sold nothing.
The demand. was broad and heavy for "country
interests, . and' at times frantic- from local
shorts. The aggregate amount 1 , of: the day's
transactions was undoubtedly enormous. . For
a few minutes at the- opening offerings were
light, but they became freer soon. Longs
profiting by recent experience, realized that the
market still has two sides and took profits.
There was, however, no indication of any bear
movement, but, on the contrary, some of the
shorts- who covered were those who "had led
in the raid Monday and Wednesday. The mar
ket yielded with the greatest stubbornness.
Shortly before noon • May touched 44c. From
this It reacted to 44i,4'5'44Uc and closed %c
higher at 44Hc. The strong opening was due
to -wet weather West and to light offerings.
The reaction was influenced to a moderate de
gree by the pronounced weakness of wheat.
But sentiment, which apparently had returned
to Its previous bullishness In the majority of
cases, was -mainly responsible for the tone of
the market. : The pit was Jammed full, and
despite the activity of wheat and oats, the
coarse cereal j held the ¦ speculative leadership
of the floor. for 'two days were 515
cars, 107 of contract erade.
The wheat' market was a striking contrast
to corn. It was easy at the opening, weaker
as trading progressed and weaker at the close.
May opened unchanged to %c lower at 72*40 tc
72c for one brief moment, supported by the
corn strength." There were no cables and the
array of news offered anything . but cheer to
the holders. Argentine shipments were 1,696,000
bushels and Snow's crop report averred that In
twenty years the spring growth had never been
better at this season. "The- new century
opened," said this report, "with-wheat in un
excelled condition and an acreage the largest
on record." Added to these was the expecta
tion of bearish statistics Monday. The light
ness 6f Australian shipments and reports of
a ' sharp cash t Inquiry and' heavy flour sales
did little to check the decline. Beam ham
mered the market down to 71c during the first
two hours. At this point stop-loss orders were
reached and, a further slump to 70%@70%c fol
lowed. The close was weak. l*c lower at 70%c.
Seaboard clearances in wheat and flour were
equal -to 676,000 bushels, while .primary receipts
were 822,000 bushels, compared with" 559,000
bushels last year. Minneapolis and Duluth re
ported 498 cars, against 369 last week and 463
Oats were comparatively quiet. There was
a heavy commission house demand as well as
covering by shorts, while local longs did most
of the selling. The reaction following the open
ing was in sympathy with wheat and cqm.
May sold between 26^c and 26%c and closed
a shade higher at 25%@25%c.
. Provisions. . especially pork, were easier on
liquidation by longs.' although there was noth
ing of a particularly bearish character appar
ent on the. surf ace. Trade on the whole was
dull. May pork closed 35c lower. May lard
closed 7%c down and. May ribs closed 7%o de
pressed. • .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles .Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. .2—
May :.:..... TVA 72Vi ¦ 70% 70%
July 72% 72% 71% 71%
Corn No. 2—
April •••• ¦ .•••¦ .... 43H
May ........:....... 44% 447$ 44 44^
July 44% 44% 44% 43-fl
Oats No. 2 — ' ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -..•¦¦
May 26H 26%- 25% 15%
July 28V4 26* 25* \ 25^
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 15 20 15 25 14 82*; 14 85-
July ;... ..15 05 15 05 14 85 14 87*
Lard, per 100 pounds—
May..! .:... 8 37* 8 37* 8 32* . 8 35
July... ..'.... 8 22* 8 27% 8 22* 8 27*
September ......... 8 25 8 27* 8 25 8 25
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May :..-.. 8 15 8 15 8 12* 8 12*
July : 8 10 8 10 .8 00 8 02*
September .¦¦¦¦.... 8 05 8 05 : 8 00 8 00 .
Cash quotations \ were as follows: Flour,"
weak; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@70c; No. 2 red,
7CVi@73c; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow. 43%c;
No. 2 oats. 26@27*c; No. 2 white, 29@29Vic;
No. 3 white. 28@29%c: No. 2 rye. 53c; fair
to choice malting barley. 48®58c; No. 1 flax
seed. ; *l 63*; No. 1 ; Northwestern, »l 54* ;
prime timothy seed, $4 05; mess pork, per bar
rel, $14 76@14 80; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 47%@
8 50; short-rib sides (loose). $8 05@8 25; dry
failed shoulders' (boxed), $6 75@6 S7*; short
clear sides (boxed); JS 40®8 50; whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments!
Flour, barrels 72,000 71,000
Wheat, bushels 230.000 ' 150.000
Corn, bushels ...............442,000 . 282,000
Oats, bushels .............:.. 598.000 ' ¦ 779,000
Rye. bushels 1 .. ........."....-.' 10,000 • is t ooo
Barley, bushels ...;........ 47.000 ' . 9.000
¦ On the Produce .Exchange to-day the ¦ butter
market .was easier; creamery, 15@20*c; , dairy,
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The flyures are
from J. B. Uppincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER. AT JELLYS FERRY.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN
TUOL.UMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 08 Justice .... 02 03
Alta .- 05 06 Kentuck "01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash.... 01 «S
Belcher IS 20 Mexican JO 33
Best & Bel.... 19 20 Occidental .... H 05
Bullion — 01 Ophlr 83 Kf
Caledonia. 77 79 Overman ...... 14 1*
Challenge Con. 14 16 Potosl 09 1<>
Chollar H 12 Savage 09 11
Confidence .... 70 75 Scorpion. — <H
C C & Va 1 95 2 00 Seg Belcher... 04 05
Con Imperial:. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 30 31
Con New York, — 01 Silver Hill 33 40
Crown Point.. . 13 13 St. Louis CS —
Eureka Con... 06 — Standard 4 15 —
Exchequer .... 01 02 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 20 21 Union Con 13 It
Hale & Nor... 20 21 Utah 04 05
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket. 14 13
SATURDAY, April 6—12 m
600 Best & Belcher. M 800 Mexican S3
300 Best & Belcher. IS 600 Ophlr 63
1200 Con Cal & Va..2 00 1G0O Ophlr 63
200 Con Cal & Va2 02% 300 Sierra Nevada-. 3i>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning- Session.
Following were th« sales on the Pacific Stock,
Exchange yesterday :-
Following were the sales on the San FTaiv
dsco Stock and Exchange Eoard yesterday:
/ Mornins Session.
300 Andes 03; 900 Overman U
600 Ccn Cal & Va..2 0O| 450 Potosl V>
300 Hale & Nor 20 100 Savage. 10
100 Mexican 31 100 Sierra Nevada.. 31
350 Ophlr .».. 69 100 Standard 4 13
The Stock and Bond Exchange wu not open
yesterday. The oil exchanges did th« usuaJ
business with little change in quotations.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
2000 California-Standard ...';., 43
300 Caribou : "i
B Hanford SIV|
2 Hanford - S3 CO
200 Home Oil 3 S*
700 Lion Oil Co ••• JJ
200 Monarch of Arizona •>-
EO Peerless » «S
50 Peerless, b 90 8 .o
1000 Petroleum Center • 14
3000 Reed Crude ••' s 
100 Sterling £ W
100 Sterling, b 30 ' W .
I MINING STOCKS.
The following are the ¦ seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: , ... . . -.-
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6—5 p. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weathx-r Report.
34 cs arms and ammunition, 400 ctls barley,
2467 lbs bread; 2350 lbs butter, 29S lbs cheese,
1288 lbs' chocolate, 1050 lbs coffee, 6 pkgs.dry
goods, 6920 lbs dried fruit, 13 cs drugs, 15 cs
honey, 10 bales hose, 12 crs incubators, 16 pkgs
Iron, 2300 pigs lead. 46,361 lbs malt, 1393 lbs
wheat meal. 26 cs oil, 149 bxs paste, 27 bxs
raisins, 4 eks spices, 30 pkgs steel, 276 lbs to
bacco, 13 bbls tar. 8 crs cabbage, 10 cs wine,
100 cs whisky. Value, $13,907. '
The steamer Umatilla Bailed yesterday for
Victoria with merchandise valued and mani
fested us to 1 D. m. x as follows: . . ,'
(Merchandise for Victoria.
"Raisins are selling in a small way. to the
East Side trade for the approaching holidays,
Valenclas being in most demand. Imported
2-crown'and 3-crown Sultanas are firm at slight
advance. Peaches are in a little request at
the low prices and some business Is doing in
apricots on a cheap basis- Sales of five cars
were ' reported, but particulars- were not di
vulged. Raisins are selling slowly and the
market is easy, in sympathy with London.
Apples are a trifle easier."
"No buying from the coast ; was heard of
Saturday and no purchases of association
stock have yet been made so far as can be dis
covered. Some association goods, however, are
etated to be on the way, and the holders say
they believe they will be wanted at full prices
when they arrive. Some of the largest jobbers
say that the trade must buy association DO-COs
"Prunes are selling freely and 50-60s and
60-70s are firmer. The scarcity of these sizes
has not been relieved, and it probably would
have been a difficult matter on Saturday to
•pick up even a half car of either size .from
an- one dealer. Holders ask 5%c firm for
50-60s. and more are asking 5%@5Vic for 60-70s.
There is a firmer market for. 90-lCOs, whlcn
are scarce also.
Mail reports from New York say
Dried Fruit in New York
Exports of specie from this port during the
first quarter of the year were $1,617,550, against
$4,9S1,OOO for the same time in 1900. the leading
descriptions being as follows: Silver bullion,
$528,760; Mexican dollars. $282,842; sliver coin,
$126,562; gold coin, $544,643; currency and. bonds.
$131,279. I
The principal destinations were: China, $794,-
L00; New York. $792,932.
Exports of Specie.
Local bank clearings for the past week wer»
$20,701,354. against $18,304,269 during the same
week last year.
Bank Clearings.
The C. D. Bryant will load merchandise for
Honolulu; the C. S. Holmes, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Santa Rosalia.
Charters.
length. It will not be surprising if the reve
lation of the low state of reserves In New
York causes an advance in call loans early
in the week, but conservative interests do not
apprehend much change In time money rates
unless it be in short loans. The larger i-anks
seem to have the situation - In hand and if
general belief is correct no incentive to mark
rates beyond a minimum figure exists. It does
seem, however, • that • a firmer money market
is inevitable for the time being at least.
. OREGON. .
Flour, qr sks 23.7271 Onions, aks til
Flour, qr sks :.312|
RECEIPTS FOR 4* HOURS.
Flour, qr sks 34,3« Wool, bales 703
Wheat, ctls ;.. 7.370 Leather, rolls 112
Barley, etls 10.695 Chicory, bbls 5
Oats ctls 1.940 Hroomcorn, bdls.. 2!*>
Corn, ctU 6TO Hides ;.. 5!U
Potatoes, sks .... 5.7*6 Pelts, bdls SI"
Rve. ctls 5W Tallow, ctls 29*
Bran, sks 4.2R3 Win*, gals 141.9SO
Middlings, sks 1.855 Lime. bbls. ..:.... 1.04S
Hay, tons 974 Silver. Casks S*
Straw, tons 25 On'ons, eks. fco
Receipts of Produce.
Grain Bags. June and July. 7c; spot. f%O*c;
local make. He less than Calcutta*: W%o:
Bags. 30<g34c: Fleec© Twine. 7H©Sc.
COAli — Wellington. $9 per ton; SoutMeld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $S 60; Cooa
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative \7all3
end. $3: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
seeks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
pel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$1T In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2C00 pounds and $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. -
RICE— China mixed. t $4 20g4 23; No. 1. $4 TOfp
4 So; *xtra, ST. 20@5 80: Japanese. $4 95®5 50;
Louisiana, $4£?6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Keumnpr Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bass:
Crushed, 6.05c: Powdered. 5.63c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.65c; .Dry Granulated, 6.53c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.55c; Magnolia A. 6.15c: Extra C.
5.05c: Golden C. 4.95c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more.. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
Exchange and Silver about the same. :
Weekly bank clearings show the tisual gain. ..
Stock and Bond Exchange not in session.
Wheat dull. Barley doing better again.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive. . '
Bran firm and Hay fairly steady.
Potatoes firmer and in better demand. Onions stiff.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Poultry and Game show no material change. '
Eight cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrozv. ¦¦
Five cars of over-ripe Bananas received.
Dried Fruits and Raisins dull and unchanged.
Provisions still in light supply and firm.
No further change in the Meat market.
Decreased exports of specie. \ • . .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April , 6.— Silver, 26 15-16d; French
rentes. lOlf 42%c." . '
LONDON, . April 6.— Trading In wool during
the "week was quiet, with prices steady. : Mer
inos,' early in the week, were in good demand
at firm prices. . The arrivals of wool for the
fourth series ' of auction sales amounted to
32,417 .bales, including 2500 forwarded direct.
London Wool Sales.
Condition of, the. Treasury.
' -WASHINGTON, April 6.— To-day's statement
of ..the. Treasury balances in the- general . fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reservs In the
division of redemption, shows: Available caah
balance. 1159,609,917; gold,. $93,597,050. • .
¦' NEW YORK, April 6.— The imports of specie
during " the • week amounted to $23,760 In gold
and $55,225 in:, silver. ;
_.Th9- imports, of dry goods and general mer
chandise during the week .were, valued, at
$7,676,957. . - '. , - ' ."¦ .
•The exports of specie during the week- were
$1,542,662 in eold.and $919,838 in silver. .
Exports and Imports.
NEW. .YORK, April 6.— Holiday characteris
tics dominated in the market for metals to-day.
Features of importance were lacking and price
changes "conspicuous by their absence/ There
was -no news from London (that market being
closed- until Tuesday) and traders confined
themselves, to a hand-to-mouth business. Pig
iron warrants were quoted at -S9 50@10 60;
Northern foundry, $15 25®>15 50. Southern 1 oun
dry, $14 40@15 50, and soft Southern, $18@15 50.
X<aad nominally quoted at $4 37%. Spelter.
.$3.90@3 95.-,.. Copper, $17 for lake and $16 62VS for
casting and .electrolytic. . Tin, $25 SO bid. and
25 90 asked.- 'J r- ¦ ¦. '
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, April 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
nominally steady. Good to prime steers,, $5@6;
poor to medium, $3 73@4 > 90: stockera and feed
er*, about steady, $2 7S@4 73; cows, $2 80®4 B0;
heifers, $2 80@4 65: canners, slow, $2@2 73;
bulls, slow, $2 75@4 50; calves, about steady,
$4 75@6; Texas fed steers, $4 20<g5 30; grrassers,
?3 40@4; bulls, $2 75@4. " "
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Estimated Monday,
26,000:. left over. 2100. About steady: top, $6 15;
mixed and butchers', $5 S0(SS 10; eood to choice
heavy, . $5 95<fj<6 15; / roujrh ~ heavy. $5 ?0@5 90
light, %T> 75(36 05; bulk of sales, $5 90@6 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.0C0; sheep and Iamb3,
steady., Gpod to choice wethers, J4 85@5 10;
fair, to choice mixed, $4 60@4 90; Western ex-'
port,-- $5 25; Western sheep, $4 85@5 10; Texas
Fheep, yearling^, $4 S5@5 25; native Iambs, $4 73
@5 45; Western lambs, including clipped, J4@
5 45. . ' , •
Chicago Livestock Market.
LONDON. Ar>rU G.— Th* tone of money was
easier to-day. The release of Government divi
dends partially relieved the short loan pressure
and. documents were: steady. Business was
quieter than usual on a Saturday since the
quarter-turn and money was more strincent.
The expected keenness ha3 been intensified since
April 1 by the Bank' of. England declining to
lend on shorter periods than a week, inslstln*
on i\t. per cent. About two-thirds of the in
debtedness, amounting to several millions, had
to be renewed April 2. only to be liquidated
with the relea.se of home and Indian Govern
ment dividends, thoush easier rates were an
ticipated. Payments for the final Installment of
£3.450,000 exchequer bonds of the Issue of April
12 will aeain send borrowers to the Bank of
England, especially next week, being the set
tlement, nor can marked . relief be expect*!
from ' Government | disbursements • pendln* the
budget. The opportunity is open for many
clearances of protectively dutiable Eoods Im
mediately and thereafter revenue collections
will shrink. The coming loan will soon absorb
the excess of disbursements -over income and
the market doubtless will have to rely on the
bank for a very larire sum. With loan ca!Is
of seven millions ' monthlv spread over eight
months a continued disturbance of the mon»y
market must ensue; involving rank control.
It wi!] possibly be found, however, that the
maintenance of rates .will attrect foreign
money, the prospects of which are increased.
If a loan . Is offered at a price favorable to
French and American investment — 93V4 or 95
are now mentionpd— it is taken for granted that
it. will be applied for many times over, espe
cially if the war in 3ou?*i Africa is real'y
ended, thus Imparting confidence. This will
be the last opportunity to buy Government
stock cheap. •
The reduction in the bank's supply of bul
lion this week was due to the large sums sent
to the provinces. The report that another half
million has been shipped from India is un
founded. The" half-million now in transit Is
expected next week.
1 The accumulation of silver by the Indian
Treasury does not point to an early renewal
of. purchases in London on account of the In
dian Government. Apparently the amount held
Is nearly all the currency the -department cares
to hold. - ¦ ' ¦ ¦
London Market.
ll@lSc % Cheese, firm, 11® l2Vic; Eggs, dull;
fresh, 12>4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 B; ' Calcutta.
There Is no further change in any descrip
tion.- • '
* BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and «®7c per lb for
cows. 5 " r .'
VEAL— Large. 708c; ¦mall, Ic per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers, 8©Sc; Ewes, 7}jOse per
pound. '."¦'.
LAMB-rSpring, 9@10c per pound.
• PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under. S*te;
180 to 225 lbs. 6%&6%c; 225 and over, S^S^c;
feeders. ;. dressed Hogs,. 8%©9ttc
San Francisco Meat Market.
. HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lMe under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9\ic: medium. 8<^c; light, 8c. Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, »o: Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. loVfcc; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and Brand*. 12(3
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30@!40c each; medium. 60@S5c; long Wool.
75c® Jl each; Horse Hides, salt, J2 60 f or large
and J2@2 25 for medium, J1"S>1 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for large,
Jl 25 for medium, Jl for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c
Goatskins— Prime ' Angoras, 75c; larga and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&c per ib; No. 2,
3%ig4c: grease, 2©2J4c.
t WOOL— Spring, i90o or 19JD1— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15&16C per lb; Northern, free, 12®
13c; defective, 9©llc: Middle County, free, 10<S>
lie: do. defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
S@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7010c; <lo. de
fective, 7 months, 768c; Oregon Valley, fine.
lSiglSc; do, medium and coarse, I4315o; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12314c; do, fair to good, 1011c;
Nevada, 10®12c ¦ . •'-;¦
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
Continued scarcity In the leadinjr klnd« la
reported, with quotations very firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy." 12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for
light, 14%c for extra light and li^c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 60 per barrel; extra Mess, J12 50- Fam
ily $13 £0; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear, J23; Mess. $19: Smoke i Beef, 14c per lb.
-LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and- lO^c for pure; hair-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, liftc.
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half -barrels, 814c; one tierce, 8V»c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb. .
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5fl7c for Royals and 8H@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. S%@5c;
sun-dried, lV4@2%c; Peaches, 3@3%o for stand
ard 4@4%c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears 2®7c; Plums, pitted, 4@Sc; unpitted, 1@
l%c; Nectarines. 6@5%c for red and 5ft®6c for
W PRUNEB- Santa Clara. 4 sixes. Se: SMOs. 7c;
40-50S, 6%c; 50-60s. 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3%c;
80-SOs 2?4c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100-120s, l%c; rubles,
yc premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaqulns
%c less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-Fancy. lOtfc per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; ; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
gii c - 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6%c,
and 4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy 16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, 6%c; choice. 18
ou'nce 6%c; 12-ounce, 5%c; London Layers,
2-crown. *l 50 per box; 3-crown. | Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa,' J2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. • at common shipping points In
Chestnuts. S@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7Hc; No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@13o
for paper-shell, 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts!
13c- Pecans. llfl>13c; Cocoanuts. $3 60®5.
HONEY— Tomb. 13%@14c for bright and 12U
®13c for light amber; water white extracted
7%c; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark. t&
6Uc per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.*
There is nothing new to. report. Trade Is
dull.- . ¦ '•
Eight cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction.
Citrus fruits havw shown no change for sev
eral days. Five cars of over-ripe Bananas
came in from New Orleans, sellin? at $1 25®
2 per bunch. - ¦ .....-.
Strawberries continue steady under light ar
rivals.,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES—«0@90o per . drawer for
Long wort ha and 30@50o for largo terries.
-APPLES — 50@75c per box for common and $1
@1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$2;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 50c@l 25; Lemons,
50c@Jl for common and jl 25@2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@Jl 50; Mexican Limes,
$5 60@6; Bananas, Jl 25@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, . 75c®$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Now that the Easter demand Is over the
Egg market Is expected to sag somewhat,
though stocks are light and the demand for
atoraere Is good.
Cheese. Is quoted firm and Young Americas
are higher.
Butter remains as before, stocks being heavy
and the market weak.
Receipts as reported t>y the Dairy Exchange
were: 64,100 pounds and 26 tubs of Butter, 1941
cases Eggs, 330 cases Eastern Egg*. 12,850
pounds California Cheese and pounds East
ern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, ltc; firsts. 14c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, ;
store, lie.
' Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
aeconds.t ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 9c: choice.
8o; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16V»c per lb.
EGGS— .
California Ranch— Selected "White, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 14c; stand
ard, 13c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. ; standard, ;
seconds, — '-. ¦ ¦¦
• Storage — California fancy. : standard,
; Eastern fancy. ; standard. ; sec
onds, -.¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
on hand yesterday and this description is dull.
Other Poultry was well cleaned up. A car of.
Eastern is expected to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Oeese. per pair.
Jl 75@2; Goslings, $2 75@3; Ducks. 53 50<g>6 50
for old and |8@9 for youns; Hens. $15006;
young Roosters, $7@S 50; old Roosters. $4 25g5;
Fryers, $6@6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 50 for largp
and?2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2 per dozen
for old and $2 50@3 for Squabs.
GAME— Ciray Creese, &; White Geese, *1 25;
Brant, Jl 50 for small and $2 tor larjce: linsrlish
Snipe, J3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $1 23@1 SO: Hare,
75c@$l 25; Rabbits, ?1@1 25 for Cottontail and
75c for Brush.. . . .
Poultry and Game.
. The leading varieties of Potatoes are selling
at higher prices. The whole market j Is firm.
a a receipts have fallen off owing to the recent
low prices, and there has been a good demand
for Alaska ana Honolulu. '
Onions continue firm at the Improved prices,
with mo3er«ite supplies.
All kinds of V«j;i:tables were In lighter receipt
except Asparagus unl Tomatoes, the Panama
pteftmer bringing ui» 643 boxes of the latter
from Mexico. Prices were generally unchanged.
Receipts were 1200 boxes Asparagus, 626 boxes
Rhubarb, 413 sacks Bay Peas and 136 sacKS
New Potatoes. • .
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65085c: Bur banks,.
25Q55c for River and 70c@Jl 05 for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. 90e@$l 10; Sweets. 60
<3t>5e for Merced: New Potatoes, IS' 2c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons, J2 50@3 50 per ' ctl: Ne
vadas, $3 25@3 50; Cut Onions, 50c@$l per
sack; Australians, |3 50@4; Green Onions, 25®
40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 65c@$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, $2 25@2 50 for fancy, $1 7o@2 per box
for No. 1 and Jl 25@1 50 for No. 2; Green Peas,
2%@3^c for Bay; String Beans, 8@12^c; Cab
bage, 60(5 Kc; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 75c@$l 25
per crate; from Mexico. $1@1 25 per crate;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles. per lb;. Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, per lb for Chile
and for Bell: Dried Peppers, 12iglSc: Dry
Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@$l 25 per dozen; Sum
mer Squash, $16 1 25 per box; Garlic. 4@6c
per lb:- Marrowfat Squash, $201} 30 per ton;
Mushrooms, per lb.
- Pinks are , lower and In heavy supply, . and
sales even t clow the quotations have been
made. Llmas are scarce and # still * higher.
¦White Beans are generally firm. Otherwise
there Is- nothlmr new.
BEANS— Bayos,$2 50®2 70; Small "White. $4 75
m 90; Larsre White. $!@4 15; Pink. U 60@l 90;
Bed. S3 JT3 25; Blackey e. $2 75@3; Llmas. IS 15®
6 25; Pea. nominal; Red Kidney, $4 SO per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, f2 5(V@3; Canary, 3H@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@S%c for Califor
nia and 9@9Hc for Utah; Rape, 2@2Hc; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy. 6V£c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2®2 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl ; Blackey e, ; nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
31
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market'.
I . Last I -This I Last
124 Hours! Season. I Season,
STATIONS.
Eureka
lied Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence :.
San Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.26
0.44
0.00
0.05
0.04
o.oo •
0.06
0.00
O.OO
44.49
22.67
17.60
18.99
.10.38
' ' 5.80
27.88
14.17
10.64
44.81
20.08
15.92
17.47
7.33
2.81
15.10
6.70
8.41
I . Last I -This I Last
124 Hours! Season. I Season,
STATIONS.
Eureka
lied Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence :.
San Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.26
0.44
0.00
0.05
0.04
o.oo •
0.06
0.00
O.OO
44.49
22.67
17.60
18.99
.10.38
' ' 5.80
27.88
14.17
10.64
44.81
20.08
15.92
17.47
7.33
2.81
15.10
6.70
8.41
' The Dublin Queen's . Bench has decided
that under the employers' and work-
men's act, a barber is not a workman,
because he must use his brains.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence. 1939 Ellis
Ftreet. thence to Holy Cross Church. Eddy
Ktreet, between Soott and Devlsadero, wh««re
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the re-Dose of her soul. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
EHEATS— In this city. April 6, 130L Marion
Arthur, beloved son of A. K. and Lizzie
Eheats, a native of San Francisco, aged S
months and 24 days.
STEONG— In tale city, April «, 1J01. Johanna,
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
EEILER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 6. i£01, Frank Seller, a native of Ger-
many, aged 44 years.
EEVERNS— In this» city. April 6. 1301, Mary
Ettle, beloved daughter of T. J. and the late
Mary A. Severns, and sister of Krle. Emma,
Ethel and the late Andrew E. Severns, a na-
tive cf California. •
ET'Interment at Washington. D. C.
SCHMALTZ— In this city. April 6, 1901. Jac-
ques Schmaltz, beloved husband of Blanche
Fchmaltz, father of Rosalie and - Aline
Schmaltz, beloved eon of Bernard Schmaltz,
end brother of Mrs. Samuel Hancock and the
late Mrs. Marie Hancock, a native of Mul-
house, Alsace, aged 47 years 8 months and 12
days.
JC7"Chiefs and memliers of Manzanita Tribe
No. 4, Imp. O. R. M., and friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post
utreet. where cervices will be held under the
auspices of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, Imp. O.
R. M Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of the Gant-
ner & Guntr Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
sion street, between Kighth and Ninth.
KORAN- In this city. April 6. 1501, Daniel
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Moran, and beloved father of Mary. Cather-
ine William, Henry and George Moran. a
native of County Klldare. Ireland, aired 57
years 7 months and 15 days.
inyFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1912 Steiner etreet, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NICHOLAS— In the City and County Hospital,
April 6, 1901, Antone Nicholas, a native of
Greece, aged SO years.
PEBKELL— In this city. April 5, 1901, at the
Old People's Home. Phillip Perrell, a native
of the Isle of Jersey, aged 66 years.
PINELLA— In Stockton. April. 4, 1901. Vincen-
zo Pinella, dearly beloved uncle of Nickola,
Patrick and Frank Pinella. Mrs. Rosa Ma-
rino and Mrs. Rosa La Fond, a native of
Italy, aged 64 years.
tCTTrlends and acQuaintanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the cariors of
Oastagnetto & Ravenna, 643-645 Vallejo
Gtreet, thence to Italian Cemetery.
roWER— In this city. April 4. 190J, James
Dalton Power, beloved husband of Mary A.
Power.
JCTFrieiids and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, Sl" 1^ Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. April 3. 1901, Julius S.
B. Miller, beloved father of Mrs. Constantlne
Classlnikoff. a native of Copenhagen, Den-
mark, aced 48 yeacs and 8 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of MeAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eiehth and Ninth, thence to the
<"hapel of the Passion, First street, between
Bryant and Harrison, where a solemn re-
quiem ma^s will be celebrated for the repose
of hie eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
MAYERS— In this city, April 6. 1D01. Dorothy,
beloved daughter of Walter H. and the late
Mary Pauline Mayers, and sister of Hazel,
Walter and Madeline Mayers, a native of
Kan Francisco, aced 6 years and 9 months.
Prank, Theodore, William, t<eo and Vincent
Hanaen, and Bister of Mrs. J. P. Ashford of
Vallejo and M. Fallon ot San Francisco.
(Boston papers please copy.)
HARLOCK— In Oakland. April 6. 1901. Robert
E., beloved son of Thomas and the late Jo-
hanna Harlock, and brother of Thomas L.,
James and the late Slaeeie Harlock. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 33 years 6 months
and l"0 days.
JOHNSEX— In this city, April 6. 1901, Rebecka
Elizabeth Johnsen. beloved mother of Peter
Johnsen. Mrs. P. Turner, Mrs. G. Gregor-
lnssen and Jens Johnsen. and sister of the
late William Smith, a native of Norway,
aged SO years.
McKEUNE— In this city, April 6, 1901. Henry
McKeune, a native of Canada, aged 65 years.
MANGELS— At his residence. 30S0 Twenty-
fourth street. April 4. 1S01. Harry, beloved
husband of Wilhelmine Mangels, and brother
of Mrs. William Sayers of Watsonville, Mrs.
H. J. M&ack. Mrs. M. Gerdes and George
Mangels, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aced Jtk years and 20 days. A member of
Alta fitfbre No. 242. A. O. U. W.
E7FrI?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Mangels' Hall, northeast cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets, where
services will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Members of above lodge and visiting brothers
are Invited to attend.
MAXSELLr-In this city, April 3. 1901, Michael
Mansell. beloved cousin of Thomas Morlarty.
s. native of the parish of Claham, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 58 years.
DEATHS.
Continued From Page Thirty.
beloved mother of Robert W. Stronev and
sister of Thomas Sheahen and the late Mau-
rice Sheahen, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aced 70 years.
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
de nee, 23V4 Folsom avenue, off Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at $
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TWVFbRI) — In Steilacoom. Wash.. March 24,
3901. Thomas F. Twyford. husband of Tlllie
Twyford, a native of Ireland..
WRIGHT— In Sacramento, April 5, 1901, Annie
B., wife of Walter Wright, and sister of
MIfs Mary Mails of Sutter Creek. Cal..
George Mails of Sacramento and Frank Mails
of San Quentln Point, a native of New York.
tC^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, on the
arrival of the 11:30 o'clock train from San
Francisco. •
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£a> of
50 Head of BROKEN, DRIV-
ING, WORK and SADDLE
HORSES, wei£hin£ from
950 to 1500 lbs.
Also a nnmter of WORK MOLES
Consigned by HON. M. BIGGS of OROVTLX.E,
JOS. DYER Esq.. TV. W. CASET
Esq., SAK MATEO, and Other*. •":'-}
TO BE SOI*D ON—
TUE8DAY - - - April 9th. 1901.
AT 11 A. M.. AT
SALESTARD, 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness.
Stock at Yard April 6th.
FRED II. CrtASE & CO..
(Successors to Killlp & Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers.
A Special Sale of
Ladies' Silk Waists
We announce a sale, without precedent, commenc-
ing Monday, which affords an exceptional oppor-
tunity to secure a high grade Silk Waist at a very
low price. Qualities are unusually choice, color-
ings are strictly up-to-date and the prices are such
that under no circumstance can we ever hope to
duplicate this sale.
Sale will be held on our third floor,
where the following items will be offered:
Silk \A/flictc • Various fancy designs, lace trimmed,
onrv vvaidld. hemstitched and stitched, including
such colors as pink, blue, cardinal, gray, stone, sea green, etc.
$7.50
were $9-75 and $10.75*
Silk' \A/^lQtc " High novelt y effects, in some the body
»Jlil\ YvaioLO' and sleeves are made with cluster
tucks, some fancy and hemstitched ; all in the choicest of colors
and made of extra good quality of silk
$8.75
were $11.75 and $12.00.
Sillf \A/£HCtC' Extreme Parisian novelties, some are
<Jiii\ waioLO. entirely box plaited and have white
tucked vests, some are fancy all-over embroidered, others are
lace trimmed and tucked; in a range of very desirable colors
$11.75
were $16.75 to $25.00.
Wash Goods— 1 2^0
We have received another shipment of Fancy Dimities in those
pretty Persian stripes, Polka dots and figures ; these goods are
31 inches wide, colorings are of the choicest and are very '
desirable for Spring and Summer waists and suits. Price.
12j£c per yard.
Ladies' Undervests— 50c
To-morrow we shall offer Ladies' Swiss ribbed Vega Silk Vests,
low neck and no sleeves in colors Cream, Pink, Sky, Lavender
and Black. One of the best values ever put on sale in our
underwear department at 5Oc each.
Battenberg Patterns
Just Opened — new patterns for Battenberg, Duchess and
Arabian lace work; also new effects in braids, rings, etc., in
gold, gold and cream, also gold and black.
125 to 131 Kearny Street ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.CATAEEHiCAN BE CUBED.
Catarrh is a kindred ailment of consumption,
leng considered incurable; and yet there 13 on«
remedy that will positively cure catarrh. in any
of Its stages. ' For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the throat ¦ and
lungs. Having tested its wonderful curative
powers. in thousands of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering. I will send free ot
charge to all sufferer* from Catarrh. Asthma.
Consumption and, nervous diseases this recipe
in German. French or English, with full direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mall
by , addressing, with stamp, naming this paper
W. A: Noyes. 847 Powers* Block. Rochester JJ.T.
: V:iv. ;^. Street Playhouse. ' ,
\ '"The Idol's Eye," given , last night at
the TIvoll for the first time since its mem
orable run of last season, does not seem
to have lost any of its original power to
please, to judge; by -.the excellent house
that' greeted the ; performance.
* The Tivoli" has; spread" itself upon the
production. It Is not woncJerful in view of
Its Ions run of last' year .that ?the first
night's performance should go smoothly as
it did last night, but it is more adequately
cast, the settings are better and it is more
fitly and prettily costumed. ¦ The unlim
ited resources . of ! the /Eddy-street : house
In the comedy line are the most remark
able feature of the show.- There are three
o- " Ferris Hartman," a Wheelan,' a Webb
and now a Cunningham, which makes six
comedian : powers - to draw - upon. Hart
man - is undoubtedly one • of the . drollest
things -that .ever happened. Genuinely
witty, richly, not to^sayrankly humorous,
a | comic Johnny-on-the-spot for ! the hu
mors of the passing moment, ¦with a beau
tiful dash of the unexpected in everything
he does, Hartman Is an invaluable figure
In the TIvoll ' forces. But he needs' prun
ing. It ls even possible to get too much of
"THE IDOL'S EYE" AGAIN"
PLEASES AT THE TIVOLI
Large Audience Greets the Popular
Comic ' Opera at the Eddy-
The specialties In the fourth act were
cleverly done, particularly the "turns" of
little Gladys Wellcr and Jenny Metzler
and Arthur Roselle and ' Pearl Clough.
The costumes of the entire cast were rich
and the: scenic: effects were excellent,
though marred considerably by the fah
ure of the "supes" to handle them prop
erly.
Blanche Warren, the . Cinderella of the
play, possesses considerable talent and a
sufficient amount of sjood • looks . to com
pensate the--Prfnce,-clev«rrly- portrayed by
Frederick Hartley, for his infatuation.
Emmet" Shackeiford *as Pedro earned
plenty of applause and with Maria Car
rlngton and? Celine Archer furnished the
audience many opportunities for hearty
lauzhter. ¦ . -.
Barring the failure of the scene-shifters
to "act" in concert the" production of "Cin
fierella" at the Grand Opera-house last
night was a success. It in truly, aa the
programme announces.' a' "stupendous
spectacular production" , and worthy of
liberal patronage during its run.
Grand Opera-House.
of the chorus work gives evidence of care
ful and intelligent rehearsal. The dances
are not quite up to pitch.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• •The' feminine interest in the opera is
somewhat slight. Maud Williams as Mara
quita has some pretty songs, Annie Myers
as - Damayantl ¦ is : well • cast ' and Bernice
Holmes is . her ' usual - stately . self • as the
chief. priestess. " ~ ; . .v .. ¦ ,'
> The orchestra does very good .work un
der Mr.- Steindorff's direction, and ' some
' "Hoot Mon" Wheelan is In, fine fettlei
As the Scotch/ old man of the sea he has
a make-up 'and opportunities ¦ that he uses
for -all they, are worth. 1 Edward Webb is
rather lost ¦ In the "minor, part of James
McSnuffy, 1 and. the -Don Pablo Tabasco, is
in the very-capable hands of Arthur Cun
ningham. - Mr. - Cunningham is a decided
acquisition.- He has- a full, smooth bary
tone 1 ! voice, which he : uses 'well, a good
stage presence, '¦ and ; he avails '¦ himself of
all the limited /dramatic opportunities of
his part. . . \
a good thing. Though a' baker's \ stock
may be better than half a loaf, we should
value ¦¦ it more in sections than served
whole under the solitary quail that forms
our midday meal during the season. At
the end of the first , act of "The .Idol's
Eye," for example, is a really charming
chorus,- unaccompanied, and very well
given, and the effect' on its repetition was
wnolly marred even to Hartman's warm
est admirers by an entirely superfluous
bit of fooling on his part with "Hoot
Mon" Wheelan as an accomplice. But his
work was good, as always, last night, but
it does seem a pity at intervals that he
was not born twins. , ,
sen & Co. of real estate to-morrow.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will hold an
auction sale on Tuesday.
• Frank Winchester will erect a two
story, basement and attic frame building
on the south line ofiClay stret, 137:6 feet
¦west from Maple, to cost $5200. ....
A two-story frame building will be con
structed for P. Gibbons on the southeast
corner of Twenty-second and Harrison
streets.
Eliza ¦ T. "Wilson has contracted for a
two-story frame building, to contain two
fiats, on the west line of Masonic avenue,
90 feet north from ' Frederick street, to
cost 54400.
• Julia Leahy has sold • to ' Cornelia A.
Thompson 77:8Hx50xll0 on the east line of
Devisadero street. -77:8 feet south from
Jackson.. for 57000. .. :\ ,1, :
E. 'Avery -McCarthy is having plans
made by Fred H. Meyer, the architect, for
two' houses, on Pacific Heights,' one on the
north sideof Broadway, near Pierce,, the
other on . the south , side , of Vallejo street,
near Stelner. adjoining the $20,000 resi
dence of - H. - H. • Young, in course of con
struction: .The cost of these two houses
will be about $10,000 and $8000, respectively.
Loans and General Notes.
Loans of principal Importance nego
tiated the past week Include the follow
ing:
Hibemia Saving* and Loan Society to Maria
SJohoim and wife/ $30,000. on the northwest
corner, of Butter ; and Powell streets; Mutual
Savings Bank to A. A. Moore, $35,000. on the
south line of Geary street, 118:11 f eet . west
from Ktearny; Security Savings Bank to Robert
C. ;and Eliza M. "Bolton and Francis P. Melllss,
$55,000 on property on the northwest corner of
California and Webb streets, on; the east line
of 'Kearny, - 68:9 feet" north f rom ' California,
and on the north /line of California street,
west from Webb ; - Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to L. H. Sly, $60,000 on properties on
the southwest corner of Bush and Jones streets
and the south line of Turk, 137:6 feet west
from Larkin; Security Savings Bank to Ella
Lolor, $31, COO on properties on the southwest
corner. o£ Guerrero an*l Nineteenth streets and
on the northwest : line of Mission • street, 240
feet from Fifth.. ,-. ¦ ¦..-.• - ¦
The Security Savings Bank has released
to Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton -and
Francis P. Melliss,^ for $60,000, properties
on the northwest corner of California and
Webb streets • and on the east - line of
Kearny street north' from, California, and
on the north line of California west from
Webb. ¦ .• • ¦ . - - - ¦¦' -¦-..•- ' ',
The California" Fruit Cahners* ;Associa
tlqn. has Jet contracts .fora three-story
and basement warehouse, to be erected on
the north line of Francisco street. . east
from Taylor,* the cost amounting to $33,000.
Katheririe Babcock has contracted v for
work on a two-story and basement frame
dwelling on the southeast corner, of Val
lejo and -Scott streets, at a cost approxi
mately of $20,000. „
A tract of forty-five acres, formerly
owned by Mr. Wormouth, In the heart of
Mill Valley Is being platted for sale un
der the direction of McAfee Brothers.
Sewers and water pipes will be laid,
streets will be macadamized and the land
will be put In first-class shape. This prop
erty has long been In litigation, which has
recently been decided. The tract imme
diately adjoins the station of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Rail
road and also is on the line of the Tamal
pais Scenic Railway. It commands a fine
view of the bay of San Francisco and of
Mount Tamalpals.
An auction will be held by. O. H. Umb-
Lot on the south line of Turk street, 183 feet
west from Jones. 23xl3r:«. for $11,000, the seller
being T. M. Holm and the buyer H. E. Law;
lot on northwest corner of Washington and
Devlsadero streets, lC2xll0. for William Fleisch
er to George P. Tallant, for $20,000; lot 25x80
on the west line, of Taylor street. 137:6 feet
south from Ellis, for Miss Barry, for $15,000.
Thomas Magree & Sons have sold the
northeast corner of Polk and Vallejo
streets, 92:6x157 feet, for $11,000: also 40:137:6
feet on the north line of Broadway, 192:6
feet west from Flllmore street, for $9000;
also property on the north line of McAl
lister street, 25 feet east from Pierce, for
53000.
Guy T. Wayman reports the following
sales:
Lot and Improvements on the northwest side
cf Minna street, southwest, of Third, to
Thomas Day. for $4000; lot on the east side
of Wisconsin street, north of Twenty-second,
to Charles Berg-Iund, for $600; lot on the ivest
f '.de of Forty-sixth avenue, south of N street,
?:'::¦; lot on the east side of Ninth avenue,
CGUth of N street, to H. F. Barrett, for $125;
lot and Improvements on the east side of
<"hurch street, north of Twenty-third, to C
y Kinncn. for $2700; lot on the -west side of
Phrader street. SO feet south of Waller. 5x106:3,
for $575; lot on the west side of Tenth avenue,
ecuth of N* street, to Henry Klopper, for $310;
lot and Improvements on the west side of
Florida street north of Twenty-third, 20x100.
to Victor Evors, for $1500; lot on the east side
of Warren street, south of Thirtieth, T-0x200,
to L«eonard Haas, for $S40; lot on the north
vest corner of Fourteenth and Stevenson
streets. 75x70. to Henry T. Scott, for $6250; lot
on the west Fide of Eleventh avenue, north
of K street. 2Jxl20, to Emma E. Starr, for $400;
lot and Improvements on the west side of
Ninth avenue, north of K street, 25x100, to
IxjuSz Hclz, for $2550; lot and improvements on
the northwest corner of Heron street and Mari
posa terrace. 22x80, to Abraham Serensky, for
J1550; lot and improvements on the north side
«>f Clay street, east oi Rtelner. 25x102 :8»4. to
3:dward Evatt. for $3000; lot on the west side
of Nineteenth avenue, 100 feet north of I
street. 60x120. to H. F. Brown, for $1600; lot
end Improvements on northwest line of Minna.
rtreet. southwest of Third, 20x55, to Thomas
I>ay Co.. for $4500; lot and improvements on
the west line of Eureka street, south of Twen
tieth, M>xl30. to W. H. Reilly. for $2000; lot on
the east line of Nineteenth avenue, 225 feet
*=euth of J street. £0x120, to G. H. Gerwln. for
J1000; lot on the east line of Stanyan street,
pcuth of Beulah. 25x106:3, to Carlotta B. Wash
burne, for $2100; lot on the north side of Cres
otnt avenue, west of South avenue, 25x100, to
James Mooney. for $350; lot on the north line
of Twenty-fifth street, east of Sanchez, 25x
114/ to Adolph Lindner., for $850; lot and im- :
provements on the west line of Marcy place, i
south of -Jackson street, to Adrien Goursolie.
22x102:4. for $2500; lot on the north side of
Twenty-fifth street, east of Sanchez, 25x114,
to Albert Lindner, for $850; lot and Improve
ments on the southeast line of Folsom street,
northeast of Fourth, .20x80. to A. L. Anderson,
ior $3000; lot on the north side of McAllister
street, west of Baker, to Maria A. Hoedt. for
$1700; lot on the east side of Sanchez street,
n.uth of Thirtieth. 60x125. to Leonard Haas, for
4S00; lot on the east side of De Haro street,
fif.uth of Nevada, 33:4x100. to A. C. Freeman,
tor $350; lot on the west side of Nineteenth
» venue. 150 feet north of I street. 50x120. to
Alice I. Barnett. for $1600; lot on the east side
of Twentieth. avenue. 100 fee*, north of L 25x120,
to B. H. Barber, for $750; lot on • the- north
cast corner of Waller and Pierce streets, 25x
106:3. to K. C. Rickard. for $4500; lot on the
east side of Rhode Island street, 100 feet north
of Twenty-fifth,- 25x100. to H. Johnson, for
$700; lot. on the east side of Potrero avenue,
eouth of Sixteenth street, 25x100, to F. Hlllens
for $1175; lot on the eaat side of Nineteenth
e venue. 225 feet south of H street. 50x120, to
Virginia B. Troyer, for $1600; lot and im
provements on west side of McCormick place,
couth of Pacific street, 21:6x63:6. to Joseph
Lavezzl. for $1000; lot on the north 6lde of
Sacramento street, west of Walnut. 25x102:8%,
t(> Thomas Rychold. for $4200; lot on west side
of Nineteenth avenue, 325 feet south of H
street, 25x120. to L. H. Callender. for $850; the
southeast corner of Point Lobes and Twelfth
avenues, 32:6x100, northwest corner of A street
end Seventh avenue. 22:6x100, and lot No. 73
It the Flint tract, to Edward Commins. for
$1250; northeast corner of Potrero avenue and
Fifteenth street, 25x100, fo C Sander, for $1500;
lot on west side of Ninth avenue, north of I
street. 25x120, to Thomas Gainford, for $900:
lot and Improvements on east line of Gough
street, 137:6 north of California, 25xSl:3. to
Henry Stelllng Sr., for $5000; lot on west side
of Nineteenth avenue. 250 south of H street,
C0xl20. to Henry Bird, for $1700; lot and Im
provements on north side of Geary Etreet,
1S7:6 west of Powell, 27:6x137:6, to C. El Green
and H. T. Scott, for $46,750: lot on west side
of Ninth avenue, south of H street, 25x120 to
McGee & Canfield, for $1000.
Other Becezit Transactions.
R. B. Mitchell to E. M. Norton, four flats
on the routhwest corner of Frederick street
and Tremont avenue, for $12,000; to Samuel
Mr-flus-s from the J'ixley estate, lot 70x137:6.
with four flat?, on the north side of Union
ureet, 100 feet west of Flllmore. for $13,500;
lot £5xl?5 on the west Fide of Larkin et., 100
feet north of Jackson, with three flats build-
In*, for $12,000; For S. A. Born, the new reei
rienoe on the went side of Fillmore street, S7;6
feet south of T'nion, for J4S00; lot 50x100, west
Bide of Mississippi street, distant 100 feet south
of Eighteenth, for J1SO0; lot 25x100 on the south
west corner of Mariposa and Texas streets, for
S10D0; lot 60x137:6. south side of Carl 6treet,
207 feet west of Stanyan, for $2500; lot 25x107:6,
south side of Stanyan, 75 feet north of Carl,
SL500: lot 75x137:6, north side of Green street,
between Flllmore and Stelner, $5000; north
east corner of Filbert and Stelner, 31.9x120,
for $2600.
The following: Is a list of the sales re
cently closed by Baldwin «b Howell:
I. yon & Jloasr report the following Bales:
Sales Eeported by Brokers.
Burnham & Marsh Company report the eal»
for James- Denman to Georce L. Payne of the
lot on the fioutheast !ia<» of Howard etreet.
Fl:8 feet northeast of Main. 45:i0xlS7:G. Price
not given. A part of the consideration was aa
exchange of the adjoining ot on the northeast,
the balance belnc paid in cash. The whole
transaction represents a uunsler of property
valued at $38,000. They also have 6Old lor J.
]; McGllvray to Kir.il IUanckenbers lot on
the south ulde of Jackson street. 61 feet east
of Maul" for J1S00: lot ttxllO.v Also tor A. <3.
Powell i Ooixe D. Cummlnc*. for $6S00. lot
.."¦xll'i ana t-ottaee on U»e west line of Scott
ft reel. *7:R\» north from Washington stre.it.
Also lot 25x137:6. with two-story buildins, on.
thf touth line of Geary street. 1S7:« west from
l'owell. from I>. S. Watsou to Andrew Jackson
of Nevadn. for JSi.OOt*; also the lot 23x100 on Ihe
«outh line of street. 150 feet w<sbI
ironi < ii.~u... from 1. i:<iKl:in»i to Ernest
Schmidt, for *6S-»; also the northwest corner of
Turk and Willani Ftreets. lot S5sl00. to J. P.
1'alvre lor Juw. and *he r.crthwest corner of
r«pe and J-yon ptreets, residence of fourteen
looms and tmtli and lot ISxlOO, from J. Boomer
to William H. McConnlck. for $12,000.
The more Important sales placed on rec
ord during the past week are the follow
ing:
Annie E., Estelle. Mabel, Bertha and Adolph
6weet et al to Mary K. C^lahan. S0xl37:6 feet
on the north line or Pucittc avenue, 112:S feet
west from Buchanan street, J36.5W; tiarceloa
trust to Alexander Boyci, 61:8x70 and party
vails on the northwest corner of California
and Drumm streets, JUG, 500; Elizabeth C. Wnit
tier and Oertrude B. Carroll to Mary S. Gluss
lord. £i>x9ax<3:!>x2:6x7x27:6xlbx60 on the east line
of Kansome street, 6»:6 north from Sacramento.
JIO.OUU; JJ. S. "Watson to K. W. Hopkins, north
west corner Post and Powell streets. 48x00. |i».-
OCO; George L. Payne to James Denman. iif.hin.
127:6 on the southeast line of Howard street.
Sl:8 eouthwest from Si>ear. $17,000; J. V. Den
man to Payne's Bolt Works. 45:10x157:6 on the
toutheast line of Howard ttreet. 91:8 no:th.-ast
from Main, $17,500; P. R. and M. H. Woodman
to the £an Francisco Ctndle Company, north
west corner of De Haro and Alameda streets.
ZC0x20Q $10,000; R. B. Mitchell to E. M. Nor
ton and Mary K. Nerta. southwest corner of
Krederick street and Tremont avenue. S3:lHx
106, $12,000.
The sales of realty during the month of
March In San Francisco represented a
total value of J2.237.668 and numbered 360.
The Bales were distributed as follows:
F-tfty-varas. 45; 100-varas, 49; city Blip and
Water lots. 2; Potrero lots. 7: Mission lots.
£5>*Western Addition lots, 102; South San
Francisco lots, S; outside lands, 61. The
mortgages in March reached a total of
11,428.095, and the releases a total of $1,256,
149.
Brokers Beport Long lists of Secenz
' Transactions to Which They
They Were Parties — New*_"*;
Buildings Going Up.
All Signs Indicate Healthy
Condition of Market for
Realty.
MONTH'S SALES
TOTAL MILLIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,, APRIL 7, 1901.
: The last days of defeated Senators are
always periods of nervous activity.
32
SMITH DIES OF "WOUNDS.— Richard Smith,
the Inmate of the Almshouse who was struck
on • the head ' with . a bottle by, David Guinne,
a cripple. Friday, died last evening.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AERIVED. ' ' :~.
Saturday. April I
Sehr Lm. Gironde, Hanson. 2H d*y» from JEu-
reka " BXXLiED.
Satarfay. Xprll C
Stznr Soatb Coaat. Olaen. — . i
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, .
Btmr Pasadena, Hamilton. 1
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bchr Mary Etta returned from se«. en >n-
eoont of atronsr NW wind.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 6— Stmr Homtr,
for San Francisco.
In the private schools of China a teacher
ls paid about one halfpenny a day for
each pupil. .
fc^vQ-J^y Suits .and Millinery Still at the Top, • . l|J Wy^t^M
H L^Jl Mil "y^^^Bl What a hat and suit trade we've had to care for in the ers; and your co-operation. Thus it is we are able to do an tjl & '&¦!, |yi|P|| ' Wk
Ili l/l fir- -'¦// WM4- past two weeks! Yes, what a fine Easter business we have increasing volume of business with less and less friction. \ x v\ § MM 1 %\ 1 1 fff/1
fills "//•if - lint ' \^f liad a11 throu g" h the store. e '¦-.-.' It's an inspiring sight, this — the building of business for w'M^ Mj^^ I w\ If 1
IB. I I Sri "^ :fe^»'^*j3 Conditions helped. "' * '•: ¦ careful people. Gratifying, too, to see -a store that prizes |yl 1 I Wuk * I 1
6!SS \'l I ¦fj'r\ '¦''»"* A new, big, bright store; splendid stocks; hearty help- good goods; that holds quality above all else. ._.__ fLz&Mwid It W\ \1 1
r/r^ » • I Hale's/ the Millinery Center. •Particular Style in Suits. \^;S^h ¦ I '
\ JT / % Ml WWN E HAT CUT NO. 1— «7.OO-It ls repre- with foliage form this bewitching hat. " SUIT CUT NO. 1— S14.T5— Ladles' suits SUIT CUT NO. »-*3r^O — Ladles* " "I l , , , ( , ,\, / %\ / >\ l VWi 1
M A / •' I WaL I • Fentatlve of this line-cne of those We've scores of ityles and trimmings of homespun cheviot. Eton Jacket with- ol^ $,'.>".•"{ % \V\ I
' Q IK"*5L ' WS !s^l 1 fashionable turban effects in lace and et this price. ou t revers, trimmed with taffeta bands stitched taffeta and geld braid— Bishop H, • / '•• V „ C^ li \ \i
i . '.'CV mSt^^^^ssXi. 0 straw bra'd ' and straps— silk-lined flare skirt— with sleeves— deep flounce skirt with two Hi'' ,..¦«' V*J*-^ -\
\ L '^\^Z&^^^^ J HAT CUT XO. 2 - ? O.5O-Toun B , adl e s ' straps of tarTeta-two shades or E ra y . ¦ ' ' ' J
hat of wh lte horsehair and tuscan ¦ tn mam ™otn rose crowns, in rront and black. / . taffeta silk. - %BBB^ ¦¦¦WJ"^^^^^^—^
hralrtK" nnle-blue chiffon faclnjr trim- ls a very natty bow of black velvet SUIT CUT, • NO. 2-$22.5O-Venetlan SUIT CUT NO. 4-?45.OO-Ladles' suit. V - -':
¦¦¦¦ . braids, paie-mue cmuon lacing, mm rlbbon> The edgehas"a "rollinj, dash- . cloth suit, double-breasted Eton Jacket, imported Venetian . cloth-Eton Jacket A * —
V 1 1 'T : " med with white and gold ribbon-quite Z, e n^ ' H ,i, i. * P t oft L'Aiglcn collar. Bishop sleeves, girdle with high girdle of peau de sole, bell '"•••/»» ¦• «
Hairdretsing— Manicuring. ¦ modest and effective. . Ing effect from meline, which is set on cuffslcollar of stitched -peau de sole. sleeves, peau de sole stitched cuffs. Street flttd WalklnST
Qn^inlM^ntlnnoJn Facial Cream HAT CUT NO 4— 812.OO— Colla of white ""¦with pearl embroidery fixed In spider faced with peau de sole and lined with lined with peau de sole— Hare flounce olIccl «****« ,-ir^nM"*
Special mention Ot a facial t^ream H n\ T llSe and htrslhflrbnSd mingled web pattern. taffeta-flare skirt-in brown and black. Fklrt. lined with taffeta. , - > .; .^ Z±^if*,
Our hairdrcssing and manicunnj? par- ¦ - ¦ ",",•"': 4 - ulr3
lors on mezzanine floor is one of the in- . ; , " * Are here in boundless variety. The
teresting sections of the store. The work « n • - ¦' ¦ W V Jill H • J? ' ' V v .m*r+*«t <tvlea of th* season.
h &B Men's Handkerchiefs 5c. -.¦
we are giving free facial treatment . *>* fashion's latest conceits— the prices.
this week to all patrons troubled with . pine, plain white ones hemmed or hemstitched with colored' borders— 5c each or I. dozen for.. 50c though, a*e the biggest surprise— 50c to
blotches, blackheads, pimples, eczema. Men's Seamless Half -Hose 8 1-3 c — Cotton, fast blacks and tans — a splendid quality for the. price. $3-95- Five hundred square feet Is
etc. It's a preparation used and care- ,'¦¦.. Jffisn's Silk Band Sows 15c — Fine line of colors from which to select — many patterns '.15c each necessary to show them.
fully put up by our expert. > •*• t • •
— vVi'»« y«^ •44 All-Silk Double-Faced Satin Cord Edge - W~^ a 1 ""• '¦*L,***i '#»*- 1^ -'-*"*/•-¦• ' >'v* • t| •» 7
Dress Goods and Silks. Ribbons Half Price. Everythingm Infants' Wear
Commanding: Styles and Prices. . t Cq . Wii c aia Ho , • At Popular Prices.
This store has come gradually into a lar S e and' satisfactory business in Most Remarkable RlbbOH Sale We Ever Had. lawn> J^ T^ 9tM^ Mmik
silks nnd dress goods. Discriminating women have given us their indorse- 'Whoever heard of staple! solid color ribbons at half-price? Pinks ot hemstitched, tucks and lac« ruche— doubl*-brea«ted. laxg* p«*rl button*-
ment. It has taken some time to leam your likes and dislikes. As we nnd and blues and cardinals? Think of a 5-inch All-Silk Double-Faced also poke style with tucked crown- trimmings blue or red. with fancy .wblta
out your Tastes we see that they are woven info the fabrics. StoSb^toSc: 'GoM do Ian for fifty cents wouldn't be any nuted ruffle and lace ruche. finishing bnUd-ruffle trimmed cap.
Doesn't that explain our wonderful growth and advantages in dress goods? b&zvx ** D °? n Z0 \^ C : >* o | a if J. "„ ;„"* w iT ° '°" °1 Sf Bonnets .loc-Whlte lawn, crown of fine *™™a shoulders-doea not soil eaafly.
Women have learned to find here what they want, and in such variety as more startling. What s better vet— it s come just when you want rib- cluster tucka _i ace pompan baby pi au<> CaT>es B^fers S2.OO to
?r» mnkf > buvinir oleasant " bons most » and m s P ite oi tnc fcct that Sllk mi11 strikes indicate a scarcity ribbon— also crown of fancy corded lawn 8S.OO— Large, new stock for children.
w.rV Or^Bftdlnea *l'2»V-New to-day Satin-Faced Foulards 75c-A rich. o f ribbons. - fuH lace ruche and d « brings. Moccasins S.ic-KW. in pink, blue, red.
-mfde from a flne spun sewing: sllk. in 1 h a° d8 o» e .^ r rl f ate I « t t %™ s It was a trade purchase wherein we cleaned up an entire line of all- Orcandio Sun Hats 50c—Tam o* Shan- ' black, tan and brown.
g%T£ SENSES 'wTd^;; 1 S »S5^3S Silk ' double-faced, satin ribbon. Instead of putting them in stock .we'H SS-S^aTSo^oTs SS^JSSLSt *»». wtft^^blaS? 0 -^ ""
Taffeta Silks Swlss^quaUty. *° n r d es tan^ e S4s pe? yart. turn our good fortune over to you; instead of making money well make O rs, pink. blue, white and cardinal. Extra heavy quality M 75 Q
staple 11 coTora-an elegant stuff for linl W ash Surahs 75c-It will wash." we friends, iv-vj, . . ¦
Ins or underskirts— 27 Inches wide. know It will. We guarantee the colors 1 1 A f\ \f a *»ri ff 1 • •*.-•' ¦
Sr-SSa-SfaTSSKkfiV&ii In the Height of Their Beauty an* Popularity at UO-WartS and .tmDy Carriages
t $^P&£ a &.l2STt£!tf!12i SSfSSS- , the Lowest Prices We Ever Announced. . Underpriced.y./- ,. ;
LJ A 2^.1^^. O^fl4-~ j wmsr "^ It's the first time our oubhc had a chance at such varieties and // \V : ble for us to make these prices. Our adTan-
/\lCPBtll liPIT'lk yf CL. ¦ n- v such wanted colorings at the start of the season for so little money. y^^«^»^-vAi-^X ' tasres are vourkl
¦ . : ¦ *^ ¦ ¦" . Seven widths onced thus* ' ¦¦• "^ > *- . .** ' - > -•. -¦ . «*t»rv.
i-j nfhof Mnf \t\n C\fif»rirtfrc - ""¦ ¦ •• " . '. ¦ ' ..;.•£?.• - ' feJ^_. S9.08— Full size recllnlnt; fo-cart. with paruol
Ana ViLneri^Otion vriicrili^b. . ( |, 7c for No. 9 i l A in., worth isc 15e fo«* No. 22 .3 in., worth 28c /T^^r>, top and cushion, patent foot attachment, foot
• Black velvet, set off with gilt braid edges, 5- spiked ribbon ends dropped lOc for No. 122 in., worth 20c 15c for No. 30 $y 2 in., worth 33c • ~~<siLL^ Jf~ brake *** rubber-tired wheels.
from a ribbon rosette, pulley effect, perfect fitting — 6 doz. will go atMSc each: ioc for No. 16 2 T A in . worth 22c 20c for No. 40 4 in., worth r8c // 87.4D— RecUnlngr go-cart, with silesia p&rasol.
f?fe- t A'irld aUarter! • J ?| . o ca«ch «na ,r.n, rae d «,* sa.to bo« : And eight shades; | 84.25-F.ll «,. ,..d^»«. wo, p.« ra t h*.
Enelish l*IetP.l Pins 5c Paper— 3G0 pjt- -r^TiTinx Corset Claris 4r Pair— Cloth Orange Cardinal Pink Bluetto -!)SI*Mct"^ .^\. wheels and foot brake, nicely varnished.
Fou^dlKenSeT^ hCadS *** * f «»vered. 5 uool, elastic steel protectors, Violet ; Mil. Green Leaf Green 'Cream S13.4J)-Full s.ze baby «m W . with hoop top.
four different sizes. t iac k only •, ft _ ri ¦„. As well as plenty of black and white. >^^^3^^^rJ handsomely upholstered in Bedford cord. wi&
Cordurov Skirt Bindine 8c Yard— The Aluminum Curliner Irons 10c— Called f _,„ , K J ¦• . _ ,. , ... . , . ... ¦ "• - ¦ velour roll, patent rubber- tiro wheels,
pure mohair edge corduroy bindine, 1% "The Wonder"; will not rust, being hoi- What, a chance to satisfy 1'ashiqns lavish demands for ribbons for t^5fo£\ vv// \ \jy *. •
Inches wide; colors blue, brown, green, „ low; they heat evenly and retain the t t,_ n( * c u t i,_ v, a ; r ft,- hat or'oillow" ruffle The irreat ribbon event of rOin^vl ST.7«>— Ful l feed^ baby carriage, with hood top.
cajdinal and black; 20 gross for selling heat; will not break the hair in.remov- tne neclc ' tlle nair ' tne nat . p ' Ow Jr . f " DDOn cv ent ot y\f\\f l ai=^ padded and lined, upholstered in India doth,
at 8c yar<? : ,- .... ing the curl from the iron; 10c eaeh:;;>: the year! Is there a woman in San Francisco who can afford to miss it? / **+* ¦ . patent hub, wheels and foot brake. ____.„
¦ ¦' '¦'¦ ¦• " ¦ " ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ' ' ¦• ' wM
Lamps ¦ ' Pots, pans, brushes, buckets, brooms — in fact; everything the housewife may need to make her kitchen work TlllllblcrS *$!$$/
_ . , . *_, . it _ , . ¦ easier or simpler is in this sale. It's a carefully planned movement to srive you the things you want when you want ' -'¦¦ \ r'xl'ck » £i
Center, draft in 3. styles, with globes or them at - saving < - Pressed glass, reduced from tfc tor -* -Hs-^
shades, prettily decorated marked down PRICES ON MANY THINGS ARE DOWN TO HALF. this housewife's sale to 25c
from $4.87, $5.50 to one sale pnce?3.8.> . . ,, - v , , , . 4 . : \ - * ,, , • '
On others a quarter — on everything the savings aie real and emphatic. And there s a very wide range of housekeeping _ v. .•
FrUlt Bowls ¦ needs of only the most worthy sorts. No trash, no trumpery, no "sale" stuff ; no, it's too dear for us to sell. Peo- - "GoblCtS . )"r — S^w/^
o . . j 1 • • t. P^ e come tc Hale's for good poods. They get good goods at half prices as well as full prices. T . .. .. . , - ,. . . t^-\ t^SSr~^ii
Ll\ rf\ , 8 inch, pressed glass m various shapes. We'd like to mention all the good things-these must suffice- In imitation cut glass, fire polished. <Z^ZE?
W&l %1®T) Sale.... -i- *- KETTLES— Berlin covered, 4-qt. size, 600 of ,TEA KETTLES— Like cut, No. 7 size, Just 40 DISH PANS— Made from one piece of tin, hold for this sale. dozen O JC *&
\V3?Afw2>/ -_ . —. , them like cut, have been reduced for this dozen of them for this sale's selling:, reduced 10 quarts; our regular price heretofore has . . ', -¦•£" A
\ *C7r> .- / CakS Sl3riUS Eale to 32c - * ¦ from 63c to been 22c, but we have 600 of them you can ; ,-- -^« • g^»^«^^^
\ SOUP POTS— 6-qt. siza, reduced from «o for COFFJEE OR TEA POTS-2-qt. size, reduced have this sale, 15c. . EfTPTaVCd Tumblers ¦ #*i*f ,
\WJb Clear glass, good Shapes and Styles — this sale to 29c; EOc soup pots, 8-qt. size, re- from 39c for this sale to 29c. DISH PANS— That hold 10 quarts, now 65c. .»-*"*»• «?»••* * u ""'"' 1 Jmt jMimk.
O inch ones this sale 12c duced to 39c. . pie PLATES-That usually sell for 13c are CUSPIDORS-Medium Fize. now 17c. Thin Wd blown fiffured in manv fl/llP \ }*iH\\ "s
J3£ 9 mcn ones> ims saie .....x-u MILK CANS _ LIke cut> 2 . qt . B i ze> 402 of them , BOlng thls sale for 7c . rolling PiNS-Usuaiiy Zc; this sale price 3c. ; , , .. 7 n Rurea in. many MJL^I\
jd%£g&&&. Calf* P|«fpc . for this sale, 24c. WASH KASTNS-Worth 19c, this sale price 12c. WASKBOARDS-Slmllar to cut full size and Styles, for this Sale dozen OUC I M'ZA I
-^^Q^^^gV^ W«aiY- r laita SAUCE PANS— 3-qt. size, sale price 26c SAUCK PANS Like cut. that hold 3 quarts, well made, 25 dozen that usually sell for 20c •*..,• \ v>\'Jffj j
* ESSMSSgSlS&Ssb Semi-porcelain, floral decorations in KICE BOILERS— 1%-qt. size, used for mush worth regularly 25c, this sale 19c. will be sacrificed at this sale at He. V^'/lfe**/ •
-i tints IOV£ inches across tnU «nl<» as well as rice, 21 dozen of them, have been PUDDING OR MILK PANS— That hold 3 MOP HANDLES— Good and strong; sale price VJI3SS rllCnClS 04
3 linis— 1O/2 incnes . across rniS sale re<i uced from 65c to Me. quarts, sell usually for 23c. this sale 16c. 10c. _ . • ' , " '. ' c^J^'
•••.. 49o laiA)BJU«^& U^,'4UK1M ' »!) '"^ Quart— choose from 3 styles— this
vaPu^thKail 4 ???^.^ I^^BI .B|^^| _ - ;\- PpSl l China Cups and Saucers
andTlue^s^pTect^^^^^ 24cT" 19c. 3c. 14c. 54c. White Cu P S and SaUCerS
China Dinner SetS potato MASHEKS-Hard wood: sale price New St. Deni, shapes, sold regularly for $!.«. but w«
In 2 styles, decorated.in pretty floral. designs, wld.trim- C ]£™.-<£^^^U"ii£\^ Z&Z&F 1 T* ggS ° £ Chlne8e wash 'boile**-™ copper bottom. M1 have them ' this »^e, one dozen for 89c
mmgS — 100 piece* marked down for this sale to.... $5.50 rollers, wood or Iron frames; 18 dozen will 40c : light weight brooms, now 29c.- sizes that we usually sell at 99c; are going
I , go this sale at ?1 23. BOc medium weight brooms, now 39c- this sale at 69c. • s*t.' O r\* a. "' -* '•'
T .« - C.a*«s --'-• CLOTHES BASKETS— Good, clean, perfect 60c heavy weight brooms, now 49c. COAL SCUTTLES— Good, heavy, substantial OclUCC PlatCS
1 UlICL ... willow, In 2 elzes; 540 of them that sell regu- HAM OR VEGETABLE SHEARS— Medium black, usually 23c; this sale 19c * *.«..,-.
T ," . '; " larly at 73c are yours this sale for almost size, one knife, usually 20a; buy them this WATER BUCKETS— Galvanized Iron, strong ' Set off With floral decorations, Sj4 Inches &CTOSS and
In fancy Shapes, O Pieces, haJf that— 49c. sale for 15c. ¦ V ¦ well made, 23c. _ „._,, .„.„ *«-^ m .j -tt. ij i • . p'^.
choose from 3 prettiest decora- lu^^^I^ 1 „' 1.1* uuLwumm " . I . very deep, trimmed with gold, sale price now. each. .. .5<J
/£3£%8mlJ lM(^t> W&O&r r*&F^8!3& SAUCEPANS— Lipped, 2%-quart size, like cut, TEA OR .COFFEE CANISTERS— 2-lb sizes; WATER EUCKETS— Large, 10-qt. size: this' 'J&^&W f£j/ a. /£*%£=&& C^f^lts'
/i/j/ /mil JZZ~ ' are priced for thl3 ga]e at 9c _ ¦ ' 3-ib sizes that usuaJly b?11 at 18c. this sale.. 14c FLOUR SIFTERS— Good, strong durable ones- /Js&/ /f&t <^&£5Z& KS^Z? V5a»^
f£f?/ ~ — ~Z- — — — ~\^r DINNER PAILS— Square; usuailly 45c; this SUGAR CANISTERS — That have been regu- will sell fast- this sal« at 10c * 'Sft*/ ' J'^^\ '^*~^-^ -^"*yr ---
¦ slRIN^LING CANS-Like cu, in two sizes, n^to^ S&|RS "buV^Thfs S?. ! & gf t! GOODg^
• ,"»' " . " _ .". _ painted, that have been selling at 20c— 240 PUDDING BOILERS— Water tight; sale price -^CUSPIDORS— Painted; at half price; instead '
Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate ave. * have been set aside for this sale for 12c. . " , 25c . • of 10c buy them for 5c. • — Market Street, near Sixth, cpp. Golden Gate mv.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
Sale's. -:
Sale's.