no_text2
THE SUNDAY /CALL,
SKETCHES DASHED OFF IN THE TWINKLING OF AN EYE
JAiJVIERT. MARTINEZ of
** San Francisco received hon
• ? orable mention in the salon
at the International Exposition in
Paris last year. The picture which
zuon for him this distinction is a
portrait of Miss Marion Hold an. a
San Francisco girl \ who m how
studying art in Paris, but who zvas
oncea student at the Hopkins Insti-
Abel Petit, the best aft critic in
Paris, said of tliis picture. "It. is
•not for. the profane. People .who
look at this must - go in reverent
spirit as one goes -to communion.
Only in- that state of mind' ought
you to sec pictures like this or .hear
good music. This picture ought to
hang in the Louvre." . •
;; Some of Mr. Martinez* work is
¦shczvn 011 this page: The. cut above,
illi i\t rating the Mexican romance of
"The' Bull's ' Head," zvas- made es
pecially by him for the Sunday
Call. . %" .' T V:/ • '. ' :*¦
.77*'* hasty sketches below zvcre
done by Mr. Martinez ivlicn 'a stii-
dent in Paris, and* well illustrate
his ipoiver of portraiture. ' r "
• OTfjj arc wliat/artisfs call hasty
sketches; sort of .pencil snapshots,
t .as it zOere. In cases of this kind
the artist's object is merely to catch
the pese just as he sees it when he
deems the attitude most artistic. He
takes ho lime to draw his lines.care
fully, but' aims {simply to give the
u'hole effect and especially the pose
of figure. From these rough sketches
he- makes the finished picture when
at his leisure iii'the. studio.
\Thcsc sketches, in particular,
have been praised by artists, and
shozv for themselves hozv clever
the -pencil must be that brings life' to
the paper in the brief stace of a
glance of the eye. rJ -rf- v* • -r :
were to care for the cattle that grazed;
the fertile h'A'.s and X-alleys of the mis^
efon rancho: to gov/rn the : Indians, and
en the feast of some great saint to. take,
a detachment of soldiers and explore the
Sierra for wild Indian • braves, and force
thorn to become proselytes.
It was the feast oX All Saints in the la-.t
yeur of the eighteenth century. The
majordomo, with an nrmfd force of twen
ty men. Journeyed to Marln County- ta"
capture Indians ar.d bring them in to holy
church and baptism. Mhes was said at
t the m'sslon for the expedition and the ¦
little company departed with the padre's ¦
bU&sIcg. But not before the gallant lea-1
er had ca'd good-by to his wife, the love
ly Vsubella. ¦
She plucked a pink Castilian role from
the trellis :n the ratio and gave It to Jcse
as d !t:ck token.
"It !s fur, very 'far." she said, "an J
tl:e rivers that you must cr^ss ere row
black arti deep, the fcrost* full cf pirl's."
"Do not wten. my Ysat. i e'la." nnsTvcraii
Jest "Good Saint Francis, under wlmsij
banner we.'go, will protect us from all
harm."
"I know It," she whispered, "but' do not
be gone long."
"No, no," he replied, "with the new
mcon I shall return to thee. Good-by,
ai:cel of my heart."
'r "Good-by. my beloveds. May all the
saints urotect thse."
..¦Ysabella watched the troopers rlda
away, with Jose in the lead, until his red
saddle blanket melted into the landscape,
and then she took up. the simple routine
cf her life and began the. weary vlgli
until his return. ,,.'""-.•_•
She prayed to hie patron saint every,
mcrning at the mi.'sicn and sRid her
bcad3 for him at night. But the moon
changed from cjf?c;nt f n oval and Jose
did not leturn and no tidi lgs came f rom •
him. There was no regular system of
communication a hundred years ago in
California. News • traveled by accident
merely. So r.<> preat anxiety was, felt for
the corps of soldiers and' its leader off on'
u crusade until three moons had wax:d
and waned and they came not.
Then the padre at Mission Dolores got
anxious and said mass for the -missing. \
The comandaJite at the Presidio stormo-.l
at-the lota of twenty men and a goou of
ficer and swore in big round Spanish oaths
that for every warrior slain he wou.d
have il.*» hearts of three natives.
Eut ' Tr abella , grieved more than • .¦¦ tns
monk or the soldier. Her frrief was past
: all power of telling. . Silently from day
light till dark .she -watched, for his. coming
and at night listened tchenr hi 1 horse's
hocfbeals. Her hands lay idle in her lap,
save when she told her'beada for her hus
band. ¦ -¦'.:¦/ . -.
. As'weeks pagsed into months hope died
and she. too. accepted; the belief that Jose
and M3 men hail, all b'ecn killed by the'in
dians. '"." * r
' - Life at the mi.^Ficn' "v-'c'nt" on' very much
as v before: it' was then the ."leng caim"
Is California and life vas r rrand mon^t-"'
ony. To-day was ea. l:ke to-rnorrpw as,
.cue drop of water is iike anotiier.
v A new majordomo' took 'Captain Ger-.
cia"8 place and directed the 1 rcdec. The
Indian ?ervlnsr women ground corn , into
iseal in the stone h*indr* ' and marie ;the
meal into cakes, v.-hlch were baked on hot
reck. Chilles were dried for the -wmter
end. beef rna<*.e into Jerky. • ' ._ '
The senoras spent their time embroider
ing nr.d thinking of their husbands. -Thcso
'women's r ' live*? depended upon, love hs
completely, as plant:;, do upon .... sunshine.
Time did not ir.ake.lcts the' srief of Ysa
bella; "' •¦ '¦'- 'v ; ¦ i :.:v:r
, Suddenly. into th's duiot l'f<? burst like
a meteor Don Lus Garcia cf Santa Ear
bara,' 1 Jose's prb'fllga'te brcthcr" ' • — ¦ : ,'.
He Tias »as .richly eajiar.'scred as;.- was
Bassanio .when.' he . went, tq a Belmontv to
woo fair Pcrtia". The lace on the broad
scmbrera was '^old. j'.nd hia
mest. elaborately, trlmrred: . •¦•.-,- ¦
. Ja'wnt'ly he: rat his fine hcrse ; las ho
rode' up to the. bread veranda ,cf*y£a
bella's home. 'Travelers were ,>few/" and
the little ca% - alcaoe had .been'"? noticed
wji.le ;>et It >as mereiy a speak. 'Yistt-
UUa and ll'x rest cf ' tha "¦ household haU
gdCnetcu ''io meet lt. ; ;Don Luls'swung out
of his. saddle, and apprcaehed to where
she flood ready to greet him.
"Good, niarning, Rjy sister/' he said
by way of an introduction. .'VI am Jcse'g
elder blether. Luts, and ;l have, come to
learn -,.v. hat 1 can of, his death and cbm
lcrt tiis widow. 1 "- ' ' '"' >? *'~* ¦'•'.¦ "'
1 Yeate.'la gave -him her hand and -said:
"ycu are welcome; .enter." v
Don Lu's was* persistent lit' his expres
sion 1 of sorrow", and* offeYed to""do -any
thing in. his -power to heal her bruken
hear;. ' Cut alter a few short, days of
hypocritical, scrraw he made known thei
real' object of his '--visit by proposing mar-'
riiige to -Ysafcclla. ..She : was both sur
prised and rained by this declaration, and
refused to listen "ton's 'pleadings. '.
Then - followed .a tempestuous scene.
Den Luis called i:pon " the saints in
heaven and the demons 01 hell to help
him win the consent of Ysabella.
"You shall be my wife." ha threatened,
"or by the mother who bore, me an
other sun shall not look upon the«."
"I am content," she replied. "I would
rather never boo this gloomy world
•gain than 'see ycu a part of It."
She . had made her choice- Don Luis
put her in the dungeon underneath tha
house. With nothing to console her save
her faith here she passed a yeur of tor
ture. She could hear the mission church
bell ring, and saw in the blackness the
picture of the -little procession tilt: in and
. out of the church.
• She could nlso hear the bugle calls at
the garrison and see the well-known pic
ture of the change of guards illuminate
the' blackness.
All the while Don Luis continued to,
live In his brother's house. Terrible tales
cf the crimes he committed are still ex
tant. In r fact, at. all the missions and
ranthos in Alta und Baja California the
r.f.me of Luis Garcia was feared and
despised. . .
One day a troupe of wandering mlnstrel3
stopped at the Miss!on Dolores. Don Luis
"hirer! them to make merry the night,
ilcssensrers were sent to invite all the
gentlemen of the neighborhood. They
came readily, for Don Luis had made a
reputation among them as a liberaf and
reckless entertainer.
In the nilrtst of the revelry, when the
mirth was hign. Don Luis silenced the
mueic and announced to his guests that
he had a more dramatic entertainment
for them. He «nt word to a priest at the
nlssicn to come— and to come prepared to
unltu him to Y«ahel. Another messenger
was sent belov/ to bring up the unhappy
woman.-
The priest v entered tan spacious room
firet. and immediately afterward came
Ysabel. her beauty faded and her form
.vfak from, grief and suffering. A com
plete silence' fell upon the noisy company
when she entered. Not a man present but
felt that he was ; about to witness the
txecution-of «i .woman's soul.
' Luis - was i the first j to . speak. ".Priest."
be said.; "hast thou thy books to unite
•Ysabella and me? Speak quickly, cr by
«the Apostle Paul you shall never utter
I Lutln again.". ? r
• For' answer the ' priest produced .the
books and: looked the pleading he dared
; 'not. speak. .-.*;" ;
j Don Luis thundered 5 . Impatiently,
"Marry us, then!"
'¦¦ Still the priest hesitated.
"If thou refuseat." roared Luis, "by St.
John, to-morrow's eun shall see your head
adorning the spire of this house!".
Then Luis turned to Ysabel.a and said:
When Don Luis saw»nls . brother before
him he tried to escape. But he was cap
tured. The next ' morning; he was be
hc&ued and his body buried in unconse
craled ground, while his head was placed
upon the house. Hl3 countenance. som»
say, looked like a ferocious bull's head
and little horns srew from its sides. As
tint passed along the Gar
cia house the/Cabeia deliTbro, and tha
name clung . to ; it ; ; even Afttr It ba<J
crumbled to the earth from; which It wiu
usde." ¦ . - ¦¦¦;-/%">{ :„&* ft
Then lifting her hands ..ami clasping her
hands on her breast > sh<£. ; H.^ppeaied to
heaven for the help ;whlc^i 'men denied:
"O. Ealnted Mother. ¦•"Vfrgisr "Stfary." »h*
sobbed, "thou art thf "coifeteYter of the
afflicted. Thou to wlionv,I . have prayed
these many months, wilt thou forsake m»
now?" ' . :•;
With xn oathtDon Lulilnprang towart
her, but before»he could reach her std«
the twenty cloaked minstrels threw off*
their long mantles, and before the aston^
ished assemblage stood Captain Jose Gar
cin and his fiffhtlns men..
It was a long story that_ Captain Jos*
tckl afterward— how 1 he Vric^his flshtln?
men had been held, captlvesv.by the In
ril-ins. how they prayed fqr a miracle, and '
ht>w the devil. surroundad'.JTjy Ore. sud
denly appeared on Mount Diablo and slid
down the aide of lt.--^Th« Indians who
•were guarding the. prisoners were terrified
and fled, leaving th» ..captives to escape.
As a flame from a smoldering Are leaps
up when one stirs the ashes and ember*,
so did the heart of Ysahrlla leap up at
the speech of Don Luisi The blood In her
veins turned to fire :' and kindled her
cheeks. ' She stood erect and defiant.
Turning to the minstrels and company
she cried: "Many loyal, subjects of our
good King, perhaps husbrtnds. canst thou
stand by and see this fchuraan wretch
force me to a marriage 'frowned upon by
God? Better death a thoiisatod times than
to w$d this morstroua- being. I beg of
you pierce . mr hefirt with a dagger era
he can lay Ms cruel hands upon mine:"
?¦?£?¦£ *¦,"-¦- ¦<./
"Fairest of creatures, famishing in a
dungeon vile with cockroaches, why dost
thou refuse the • love ef »» noble man?
Si.'.nd forth and ci«.«p rny^hand while the
priest prououRcech the holy' words."
THERE still lies buried beneath
this cobble-stoned, wooden city the
traces at the romance?, the psetry.
the loves and tragedies of that ear
lier, gentler, simpler, Latin 'race
which dwelt in peace and happiness here
in San'-FTaricireo before the deluge of
strenuous, English-speaking gold-seekers
burst like a torrent over the land.
Who does not know the" heart-breaking
romance of Ramona of Santa Barbara,
the picturesque legends of the pirates of
Lower California? But you metropolitans,
leaving the ferry building and walking up
Market street with your eye on the clock,
think San Francisco has known no
past— that Its history dates from "the
time when the water came up to Mont
gomery street'" V
Here In this little hamlet, which was
then called Yerba Buena, x far from the
troubled, . tireless Hast, red blood flowed
In men's veins like fire— women's eyes
flashed, hearts sang and the tune of life
went on eayly as a Spanish jotcr.
There were not always saloons and tene
ment flats in the S'issicn. The Ca3tro-
Etreet car was not to come for decades.
The Valencia-street station "was yet un
born.
In those days, when California was a
province cf Spain. Captain Jose Maria
Garcia, majordomo of Mission 'Dolores.'
married Ysabella. daughter of Sergeant
Ortega of the Presidio. H« built for his
bride the large adobe house which after
ward became known as "La Cabeza de
Toro," or bull's head.
This relic of the past was still standing
when, in 1S90, Just 100 years after its erec
tion, the widening of . Sixteenth street,
from Dolores to Church, made it neces
sary to raze it to the ground. But Its his
tory remains.
-On rainy nights tvhe-n the descendants of
the first families of the Mission gather
around the fireside this is the story they
tell of tne origin of the appellation Ca
beza del Toro, a story as sad and pathetic
as any tale of medieval times:
Captal} Garcia's duties as majordomo
A ROMANCE
OF
MISSION
DOLORESTHE SUNDAY CALL.
IT is a question whether the Irish are
"not, after the Spanish, the real pio
neers of California.
Certain it Is that plenty of them
came here before gringo time— in the
days when California was a. Mexican land,
from chlli-con-carne to fandango. They
came even before the days when gold was
plenty in the land— when. theyhad to farm
their money, not dig- it. 'It . is a .slower
way to take it out of the soil by dint of
plowing and sowing, reaping and mow
ing, than to lay bare a nugget by the
stroke of a pick. But the Irish are a race
who understand the art of waiting.
Whaling ships came to this coast in
early days, long before gold was thought
of. and Irishmen constituted many gf the.
crews. There were American vessels sent
here not very long after the Revolution.
A good many of the sailors deserted and
settled in this State.
Captain J. Smith of .Kings County, Ire
land, was the first one known to make the
trip overland. He reached here in 1S2(5,
having come with a party of trappers.
His party of forty men were nearly all
V : ' *?
murdered. by the Indians. He escaped at
that time, reached here safely and went
inta the fur business. Two years later he
wae murdered by Indians in another mas
sacre. . ¦ *»
Many of the Irishmen who came here in
early years did not preserve their nation
ality. They married senorltas", who were
a more thrifty lot than they are common
y considered. The senoritas recognized
he. fact that Irishmen were better pro
niders than the guitar-twanging gentle
men whom they had been reared with.
But they taught the Irish pioneers Mexi
can ways and so defeated their own ends.
¦ A few remained thoroughly Irish. One
of these was John J. Reed.
He reached here in 1826 and settled in
Marin County. He was the first English
speaking resident of that county, by the
way. His grant of land, one and a half
]pagu»F, came from Governor Figueroa in
the year 1834. He built the first mill over
there. He took the first soundings of the
bay hereabouts. He established the Sau
salito ferry-boats. He did fancy farming.
John Reed married a senorita himself.
Hilarita Sanchez, but he remained an
Irishman for all that. His daughters
were given the names of their mother's
race. Hilarita and Inez; the sons were
named by their father's choice, John and
Richard. , .
Timoth.y Murphy, who came here in 1S28,
ras given the name of Don Timoteo Mur
phy, and this strange mixture clung to
him in life and death. He devoted him
self largely to commerce. - ;.• ¦
James W. Burke, a sea captain, came
from Lima in tne year 1830. He settled in
Santa Barbara and lived there until 1S77.
These were a few of the forerunners. By
the time that actual' pioneer days had ar
rived, that is the days of '49. the Irishmen
were flocking here. As farmers and min
ers they made money.
The Murphy party was one of the
earliest and most successful. Martin.
Murphy left Ireland, his "unhappy coun
try," and settled in Canada, but, dissatis
fied there, he formed a party of family
and friends. and emigated to Missouri.
Irish Grove was the name of the prosper
ous settlement they formed there. The
Sullivans, Enrishts. v Corcorans, Jordan?,
"Walshes and AVhites were some of those
who?e. names were known later to Cali
fornia.
Nothing would have brought them here
if the i fevers of the Missouri region had
not driven them out. The death of . Mrs.
Murphy prompted her huehand : to take
his family away. A Catholic missionary
who visited the colony told him of Cali
fornia and be set out for the' Pacific
Coast.
Disposing of his lands, he procured the
outfit required for so long and dangerous
a journey, and bearing with him a pass
port from Governor Reynolds assuring
him and his the protection due American
citizens he started in May, 1S44. . The
parly reached here' in November of the
bame year, being the first tlutft succeeded
in bringing its wagons into California.
The little group, which included no end
of Murphys, several Sullivans, a Durbin
and some Martins, was under ' the guid
ance of Captain • Stephens. "Captain
Stephens was a native of North Carolina,
a trapper for twenty-eight years and ac
customed to frontier life. . He had no trail
to guide him across the plains, and start
ed without even a pocket compass, but no
train that traversed the continent to the
Pacific was more blessed, freer frqm dis
aster or so. safe from savage attacks."
After a number of changes the Murphy
family finally settled in the Santa Clara
Valley', making a permanent* home there.
Martin Murphy bought Mexican, ranches
and made them yield as the ha'ppy-go
/ ¦..-...
lucky Mexicans had never dreamed of.
doing:.
Some of the most famous fortunes mads
in the mines were made by Irishmen.
James Fair was a forty-niner whose
¦wealth is known the country over. He
was a native of Closher, Tyrone, Ireland,
whither he emigrated to Illinois, thence
to California via Oregon. The Bonanza
mines were the origin of his fortune, the
income from which was said to be $540,000
a month.
Thomas Tobin was another forty-niner,
a Tipperary man, who left Ireland with
his parents wben he was a youngster.
His schooling was received in Philadel
phia, and he started out In commercial
life therei . Afterward when he came to
San Francisco . he continue^ along the
fame line. He did business for a while
in Downieville, where he came out a pros
perous man after others had .been ruined
by fire. Under his capvas store he had
made a vault to store his goods in, for he
had a long-headed idea that fire would
make very easy prey of a town of can
vas. With all his goods in the vault it
was easy enough to come out of the fire
in a prosperous condition. Thomas Tobln
brought his Irish shrewdness to America.
Edward J. C. Kewen, although not an
Irishman by birth, was a son of an Irish
man, Captain Kewen. He was a student,
but there was too great a restlessness in
his nature to permit him to devote his
life to quiet studies. He liked to live. He
traveled, fell in love, married in Sacra
mento/ It was uncertain what he would
settle down to. Fate decided the matter.
He had a talent at oratory, and being
accidentally summoned to the rostrum
on the day of- his arrival at Sacramento,
he made a hit and the upshot was that
he was elected Attorney General by the
State Legislature.
He was an orieinal sort of man. His
biographer writes that "if other, evidences
of .moral and physical courage were
wanting, his character in this respect wai
especially manifest in • his enlistment
against the squatter.", who at that early*
period of our history had banded in mur
derous clans. Under threats of assassina
tion he boldly repaired to one of theif
convocations on the' Levee and succeeded
by the audacity of his tongue in dispera*
ing the threatening crowd."
James Phelan wap an Irishman by
birth, being a native of Grantstown,
Queens County. . lie came here from New
York, sending on three different vesselj
a neat little stock of hardware, glass
ware, liquors, tobacco and beans. H«
trusted that the sale of these would bo
profitable In a remote mining town.
The beans and the tobacco set him up
In business. ¦
From them -he progressed to a great
commercial business. He dealt in im
ported liquors, he dealt in every other
kind of merchandise besides. He came Iv
time to establish a bank. It was the first
gold bank in California and the second
in the United States.
D. O. McCarthy has an Irish lineage to
reckon with. He was born to the McCar
thy More family, or Great of Muskerry,
renowned in the history of old Ireland as
being ancient princes of that large prov
ince. MkcCartha is the real spelling of
the name.
D. O. McCarthy, the California pioneer/
was named for Daniel O'Connor, the great
Irish patriot, who was a friend of the sen*
io'r McCarthy.
His coming to California was more ro»
mantle than that of any other pioneer. He
was a boy of only seventeen when he or
ganized a company of young men to emi
grate here; he -established himself their
captain, interpreter and commissary gen
eral and conducted them here safely by
way of Mexico, traveling on horseback
more than 2000 miles.
Bellew McManus was famed along *
very different line from any of these. He
was a martyr and patriot. He came here
from the Australian penal colonies and
found a peaceful life after the long years
of trials that he had endured for his na
tive land.
Colonel Hayes was a 49-er of whom a
most unfortunate love story is told by
some old settlers. It is said that Frank
McCoppin,- young and bumptious and
handsome, worked for Hayes on his
place. McCoppin- had come here -as a
yoxirig emigrant and. started work in a
humble capacity for Colonel Hayes. -
-He showed himself so clever and- so
trustworthy that he was rapidly ad
vanced, and he became so confidential a
friend of the old Colonel that he was
asked finally to do his wooing for him.
The Colonel was enamored of Miss Van
Ness. He didn't know how to go about
the matter for himself. He wanted Frank
to help him out.
Frank v undertook the commission and it
was a case of Priscilla over again. Miss
Van Ness fell in love with the ambassador
and married him while poor Hayes was
left in the lurch.
The old residents can string tales like ''
this when they grow reminiscent.' Per
haps the list of names given be-low fre
produced from the Nation) may call to
mind many another and make old times
new times for the passing hour.
FRANCIS CASSIN, William Casement, Lawrence Cunningham, Rob
ert Bright, Francis Doud, Frencis Foley, Michael Gaffney, John
Gleason, S. M. Holdeness, James F. Hough, Robert Jacks, James
Kane, John Kelley Jr., Thomas Kyle, James Laflin, A. C. Loughmore,
Patrick Lynch, Jerome Madden, W. B. Melville, J. Mof fltt, B. D. Murphy,
P. W. Murphy, Edward McGary, Myles P. O'Connor, Robert Wilson, J.
Boss Browne, J. P. Buckley, Francis Buckley, M. 0. Barber, Felix Byrne.
E. P. Buckley, John Brannan, Thomas Breeze, William Blackburn, Ed
ward Conway, William F. Cashman, Richard Coleburn, Thomas Connell,
Jeremiah Callaghan, Michael Connelly, William Dunphy, James P.
Deane, James Daly, William B. Dolan, James Dunne, David Dwyer,
John Donegan, JVC. Davis, Thomas Eagan, William J. Ennts, M. E. Fitz
gibbon, James Q. Fair, Patrick Fenton, Richard Finley, Thomas Fallon,
T. W. Freelori, Edward Gallagher, John Hogan, William Henley, Mich
ael Hayes, James Irvine, William Jones, Thomas King, W.E.Keyes, Ed
ward C. Kirby, P. C. Kelley, George Kinney, William G. Lee^ J. A. Lyons,
John A. Murphy, James MacDonough, George Morrow, William Murray,
Thomas Murphy, Timothy Murphy, Martin Murphy, Daniel. Murphy,
Alexander Montgomery, "Michael K. Murphy, Owen Murray, D.T.. Mur
phy, Martin J. Murphy, Dennis Mahoney, William McKilareft', Patrick
McDonald, Hugh McCormick; Samuel T. McMahon, Robert McKee, Pat
rick McAdams, James McCIatchy, W. A. McWilliams, James McGuire,
John A. McGlynn, John Nugent, George D. Nagle, C. D.O'Sullivan,.Wil
liam S. O'Brien, James 6'Callaghan, Jasper O/Farrell, Denis J. Oliver.
John C. O'Brien, James O'Meara, Hugh O'Donnell, J. C. Piercy, Samuel
Percy, James Pullman, James Phe Ian, Edward Ryan, JohnRyan, T. J.
Roach, Thomas Itooney, George W. Ryder, Philip A. Roach, Thomas
Roache, P. Rod Ryan, John Scott, Drvid Spencer, Michael Sullivan,; John
Sullivan, George F. Sweeney, Thomns J. Smith, Joseph Shannon, Wil
liam F. White (father of Senator Stephen White), Hugh Whittell, Colo
nel A. Wason, George A. Worn, John Walsh, John A. Barry,. Thomas
Brannan, EdwarcT B. Cox, Samuel T. Curtis, Edward Daly, Patrick
Eunn, Malacbi Fallon, James Hoiohan, James R. Keough; H; C. Murray;
James P. McKenna, James Me Vea. . William Neagle, Michael Nolau,
William R, O'Reilly, J. B. Rsdmond, Rodger Ryan, Thomas Stewart,
George Torrens, Michael Kane, Patrick J. Hickey, Patrick Hunt, C. J.
Hughes, Thomas Hayes, Daniel Lealiy.
THE IRISH PIONEERS
3
09 tfye I^oll of
Society of pioneers.
Irijl? /l\e/r\bers apd Ex-/I^embers,
liuiDdand Dead,COALS OF FIRB-By - Frances Hanford De-
Ianoy. The Abbey Press. New Tork. n.
SERIOUS COMPLICATIONS — By France*
Hanford Delanby. The Abbey Press, New
York. $1.
GRAUSTARK— By George Barr McCutcheon.
Herbert S. Stone ft Co.. Chicago.
BLENNERHASSETT - By "y Charles Felton
Pidgin, c. M. Clarke 'Publishing Company.
Boston. $1 5a " ¦
Books Received.
PITFALLS OF THE BALLROOM— By Oeonrs
F. Hall. Laird & Leo, Chicago. In .paper S
cents.
• t* ... . • ¦ . . •
/5=5HEISTIAN democracy has, 'i- flunk, a great. part to' play against
([ . Christian absolutism in the century upon which we have just en
' =^'.tered. His Holiness the Pope has done wisely in grappling with
that inevitable problem in the Encyclical .that has just, been issued.
The church has to make terms with, tbis Christian democratic movement,
which is perhaps the greatest movement in the world at present. If the
church cannot go on with the people, depend. upon it the people will go
on without the church. -. Y •;¦'¦¦'-
In order to justify and explain, the title of my story, I would say
that it seems tome almost certain' that in that great future which is to
witness tho breakdown of so many barriers dividing man from man
and man from God, and in the new, methods', of settling internal and
international disputes, which will take the place of the brutal and bar*
barous conflicts; of : war, as well as the cruel and fratricidal struggles of
trade, the old Mother City of the Pagan and the Christian worlds will
have her rightful rank. Her geographical position, her -religious and
historical interest, her. artistic charm, and, above all, the mystery of
eternal life which attaches to her, seem to me ; to point to- Borne as the
seat of the great. court of appeal in the congress of humanity which (a3
surely as the sun will riss to-morrow) the future will see established.
. ? .'- If all this- seems, to be too large a problem to discuss in a novel, let
me at once make confession of the limitation of the vehicle in my hands;
5 and say th'at,' although this great question occupied my mind, I anvvery
conscious that all that the public expects of me- as a story-teller is that
above everything: else I should tell. a simple human story.
That I have' tried my best to do, "and: if in the sequel it should ap
pear that I ! have in any measure retained the good will of the public of
American readers, so dear i"to me, I shall be abundantly satisjied ""anil
happy. , I~ " . '
PURPOSE OF
"THE ETERNAL CITY"
eyes met for a moment and he knew that
he was false to himself and that his talk
of renunciation was a mockery.
"Roma." he said again, "if you want
me in the future you must write."
Her face clouded over. . —
"For your own sake, you know"- —
"Oh, that! That's nothing at all—noth
ing now."
¦ "But people are Insulting me about you
and"- — '
O'Well, and you?". ..
The color rushed to his cheeks and he
smote the back of a chair with his clench
ed fist.
"I tell them"
,"I understand," she said, and her eyes
began to shine again. But she only turned
away, saying: -"I'm sorry you are angry
that I came."
. '"Angry!" he cried, and at the sound of
his voice as he said the word their love
for. each other went thrilling through and
through them. '
The rain had begun to fall arid.lt was
beating with smart'strokes on the window
;panes. . • - • . . * ¦-..... ,. •
"You can't go. now," he said, "and since
you are never td come here again there is.
something you ought to hear." .
He went to the bureau .drawer by the
wall and took out a smallround packet.
"Do you remember your, fathe'r's voice?"
he asked. 1
"That Is all I do remember about my
father. ? Why?" . ~ '¦'-* ' ...
' "It Is here in this cylinder."
She rose quickly and then ; Blowly sat
down again.
."Tell me," she said.
"When your father was deported to tho
island of Elba he was a prisoner at large,
¦without personal restraint, but under po
lice supervision." ' .~
"Did he over hear of me?" . ¦ . • •: :
.: "Yes, and of myself as well. .A prisoner
brought him news. of one David Rossi,
: and under that name and : the ' opinions
attached to it he. recognized David Leone,
the boy he had brought up and educated.
He wished to send me a message."
"Was it about"— -, ¦ "> ' * ¦" ' : ¦---'-.- ' . * ';
: "Yes. The [letters of prisoners t are,read
and .copied, . and to smuggle out j by hand
I a written document ia difficult or. impos
sible."" But at length a way was discov
ered. Some one sent a phonograph and
a box of cylinders to one of the prisoners,
; and the little colony of exiled ones used
to 'meet at your father's .home, to- hear,
"¦the music. Among the'cylinders were cer
tain'blank ones.- Your father; spoke onto
"one of- them'and." when, the' time came for
the owner" of the- phonograph to leave El
ba, he.brought the; cylinder back, with
him; This 1 is the cylinder your ' father
spoke onto." .. '.- . . ¦ . •- 5. ¦ ¦
. "And. this contains my .father's voice,
she said.' '¦'¦ .".'': .
"His.last message.". ¦.! : :. • :¦-':] •' ; (
"He is c dead— two years dead— and yet" —
"Can you- bear to hear- it?'':
-' "Go "on," she. said, vhardly. audibly. .
He took back; the cylinder, put it. on
the phonograph, wound up the instru
~ merit and -touched the .lever. ; ;: . . .,*.;, .... .
:.-:.: Then . through the sound of the rain and
. v'of 'the - : phoriogra'ph , there • came a": clear,
•:'full*volee:"< V/Z* 'Y..^"-..^ ":~- v ------- ' ¦¦-- ; - :
¦ '-.';¦ •••David Leone^-your old friend Doctor
Roselli sends 'you' his dying message"—
;. The hand on Rossi's arm 1 clutched it
convulsively, and, in a choking whisper,
Roma. said:- .- ; \ ¦ . '• .. :. - 1'
, "Wait! Give me one moment." •
She was looking around the darkening
room as if almost expecting - a ".* ghostly
- presence.
She bowed her, head. Her breafh came
uuick and fast. v
Hall Caine' s Latest
and Best Work
"The Eternal City"
FOR about three years Hall Calne
has been hard at work in Rome col
lecting material and writing the
greatest of all his books, "The
Eternal City," just published by D. Ap
pleton & Co. of New York.
His time has not been wasted for "The
Eternal City" win*-- compare - favorably
with the greatest works In fictiori,of many
seasons. Mr. Caine has written, with a
purpose and what he has to eay\regard
ing the problem of his novel is printed on
this page but the book will appeal to the
preat mass of readers for its story alone.
In fact his writing is so powerfully hu
man in its Interest that probably not one
in a thousand will think of "problems
or "purposes" when devouring the pages
of "The Eternal City»'V
Like other books from Mr. Calne's pen
this is decidedly somber in color, almost
morbid; in fact, and as far as the charac
ters are concerned things could not turn
out much worse. The reader has the
rather 'poor consolation of knowing that
right for the multitude has come out of
the wrongs of individuals, but It is hard
to cheer for the grood of mankind at. large
with a Jump in your throat and tears in
your eyes over the cruel fates of- those
you have learned to know and love— even
if they are only passing figures in fiction.
This new novel is over .300.000 words In
length. From that fact alone it is evi
dent that the author has allowed himself
r.o limit In making his descriptions full
or in carrying out the Intricacies of his
plots and counterplots. The work is dar
ing and undoubtedly will awaken con-
Fiderable comment. It deals with the
Rome of to-day OKto-morrovr.
It is easy to imagine characters in the
book taken from those in real life, for
Mr. Caine does^not. hesitate to introduce
most prominently, a Pope of Rome, a
King and for his villain a most remark
able Prime Minister, and in lesser light
appear the British and American Minis
ters.
In a brief prologue is shown. a glimpse
of life twenty years before the actual be
ginning of the events that form the main
6tory.
Dr. Roselli, an exile from Italy living
under an assumed name, saves • tho
l«fe of a poor -little Italian sufferer
of the padrone system in London— a little
chap who only knows that his name Is
David Leone, that he is from Italy and
that he is a beggar.
David lives with the Rosellis and be
comes as a brother to Roma, the daughter,
and also a firm believer in the doctor's
idea? for saving his country from the po
litical oppression that threatens it.
Twenty years later we. find that the doc
tor finally went to Italy on the false rep
resentations of his kinsman. He even left
his motherless little daughter in London
that he might further the good of the
cause for mankind. This kinsman, the
Baron Bonelli, easily compasses the
downfall of the gt>od doctor and manages
his life imprisonment— all because he
wishes the estates and is politically am
bitious.
Before the doctor dies he sends a phono
frraph cylinder to David, and this proves
of the utmost Importance as the plot de
velops. ;
Meantime Roma Roselli has been taken
by the Baron and brought up as his ward.
She is In Rome and Is known by her true
name of Roma Volonna. David Leone is
also In Rome, and now, under his moth
er's name of Rossi, is a member, of the
Chamber of Deputies and a leader of the
extreme Left He is regarded by the Gov
ernment as an anarchist of the most-dan
gerous eort, but in reality is a man of
peace and a believer in a government of
the people ruled by the people.
At the time of the Pope's Jubilee, when
Rossi addresses the people, neither Roma
.nor David has any idea of the identity
of the other. Already Roma's name has
been scandalously linked with that of the
Baron, and so in his speech directed at
the Government and its real head, the
.Prime Minister, Rossi uses that point to
eay:
"And who In Rome cannot point to the
Ministers who allow their mistresses to
meddle in public affairs and enrich them
selves by the ruin of all around?"
Baron Bonelli has the man promptly ar
rested on pretense of exciting a riot, but
Roma asks that he be left to her that she
may take | her own revenge. . She wishes
to humiliate him by becoming- his friend
and then betraying him after she has
finally wormed all of his secrets out of
him and can catch him in some con
spiracy of importance. To this end she
says to the Baron:
"You say there is a mystery about Da
vid Rossi, and you want to know who he
Is. who his father was and where he
spent the years he was away from
Rome."
"I would certainly give a good deal to
know it."
"You want to know what vile refugee
in London filled him with hjs fancies,
what conspiracies he Is hatching, what
secret societies he belongs to, and, above
all. what his plans and schemes are. and
whether he Is in league with the."Vati
can." • . 4
She spoke so rapidly that the words
sputtered out of her quivering lips.
"Well?" . .
"Well. I will find lit all out for you."
"My dear Romai"
"Leave him to me. and within a month
you shall know"— she laughed,, a little
ashamed— "the Inmost secrets "of his
soul." .'-* - . ¦ .
She was walking to and fro again to
prevent the Baron from looking into her
face, which was now red over its white,
like a rose moon in a stormy sky.
The Barcn thought. "She is going to
humble the man by her charms— to draw
him on and then fling him away; and
thus pay him back for what he has done
to-day. So much the better for me ii
I may stano" by and do nothing. A
strong Minister should be unmoved by
personal attacks. He should appear tc
regard them with contempt." .
He looked at her, and the brllHancj
of -her eyes set his heart on fire. " Th«
terrible attraction cf her face at
moment stirred in him the" only love h«
had for her. At the same time it awak
ened the first spasm of Jealousy/
"I understand you, Roma," . he said
"You. are splendid! You are Irresistible
But remember— the man is one of the In
corruptible."
She laughed.; ' '- . .
woman who has yet crossed hi!
path seems . to have touched . him, anc
it is the pride of all -such- men that .nt
¦woman ever can." ; \
"I've seen him," she said.
"Take care! As you say, he Is yount
' and handsome." . •
She tossed her head and laughed again
The. Baron thought: "Certainly . h<
has wounded her in a way no- womai
can forgive." • * • " *"••:<:-. . . " !
"You wish me to liberate David Ross
and leave you to deal with him?"
"I do!" Oh, for the day when I cai
turn the laugh against, him as he turnec
the laugh against me! At the top of hi:
hopes, at the height of. his ambition
at the moment when he says to himself
'It Is done' — he shall fall." ¦ ¦; - • •
The Baron touched the bell. "Ver;
well!" he said. "One can sometime
catch more flies with a spoonful of hone;
than with a hogshead of vinegar." W
Ehall see. - ¦ '."
Roma at once proceeds to carry out he
- plan. She is a sculptress and decides t
&pW Rot-si to sit for her as a model fo
one of the figures on a fountain that s..
is doing for the municipality. . This ls.to^
be the first strand 5n the net with whlc.i
she Intends, to drown fcim.
In the meantime Rossi has learned"
something about Donna Roma and hl3
fears, are confirmed when he hears th<3
phonographic cylinder which has reached*.
him with the dying words of the beloved
gvardian of his ..youth: So his course is
tapi!y takeq when Roma calls.
"I am.-doing a very vnusual thins In
coming to see you,' she said, "but -yo«».
have forced me to it, and I am quite
helpless.
""I heard your speech," in the piazza this,
noning. It would be useless to "disguise
the fact that some of its references were
meant fqr me. -
"If I were a man, I suppose I shouM
challenge you. . Being-' a' woman, I'can
only come to you and tell yon" that you
are wrong-." • .
"Wrong?"
"Cruelly, terribly, shamefully wrong."
"You mean to tell me"—
He was stammering In a husky voice,
but she said -Quite calmly:
"I mean, to tell you that In substance
ar.J In fact what you Implied was false." '
"If— if"— his voice was thick and indis
tinct—"if you tell me that I have dono
you an Injury" ?
."You have— a terrible Injury.
She could hear his breathing but she
flared, not j look up. lest he shoiild *eo
sonietning in her face.
"Perhaps, you think It strange,"^ she
raid, "that I should ask you to accept my
assurance only. But though you have done
me a great wrong- I believe you will ac •
ccct It. Kven your enemies speak of you
a* a just mar. You are known everywhere
as a dftfciaer of women. Wherever a wo
man is wrc-npetl by oruel and selQsh men
th'^re your name rirgs out as her friend
ana eh.'imrion. Ehall it be said that in
your own person you have made an in
li'H'Cnt woman luffer?"^.'
"If ... if you give me your solemn
wnnl «.f honor -that what I said— what I
'nipliefl.-was false, that rumor and re
j-ort have siandered you, that it is all a
cruel and taseless calumny" — ?
She niised her head, looked him full In
the face, p.nd without a quiver In her
vnice:
"I <1o irivc it." she said.
"Tlien I do believe you," he answered.
"With all my heart and soul I believe
you."
11«> ha<l been tl hiidng. "It Is she! The
sweetness of cLiIuhood and of girlish in
nocence a little fai'ed, a little depraved a
IlrMc cfi.'i iu:e«l. lilt It is she!"
"This man is a chid," she thought. "Hu
will believe sTuythlns I tell him." And
tlien she tlrTpped her eyes again, and
turning with her tli'.mb an opal ring on
her finger, she began to use the blandish
ments Which had never failed witn other
ir.cn.
"I do not say that I am altogether with
rut Manv:." fclie sat'.!. "I may have Hve4
a thoughtless 'i'e umid scenes "of poverty
and POM* w. If eg. rerhaps ft has been
partly the fault of the men about me.
When is a, woman anythlng.-but what the
men around her have made her?"
She, dropped her vcic'y almost to "a, wh's
per, finJ added. "You are the flirt mar.
who has rift r'ftisecl end flattered .me."
"I was not tViib n& of .you, tfi he.saifl.
"I was thinking cf cnother, and perhaps
of the poor WCiKns women "who;- in a
wnrlil of iuxui*y, have to struggle. a;id
starve "
Slip loci;** ri. rnd a half smile c-oiserl
lor face. Jt was like the smile of the
fowler, whftn the. bir<? on the tree an
pwer? to the decoy iri the grass.
"I honor you for that," she said. "And
perhaps If. I had earlier met a man like
you my life might have been different. I
used to hope for such things long ago—
that a man of high aims and noble pur
poses would come to meet me at the gate
of life. Perhaps you have felt like, that —
that some woman, strong and true, would
stand beside* you for good or for ill, in
your hour of danger and your hour of
joy."
Her voice was not quite steady— she
hardly knew why.
"A dream! We all have our dreams,"
he said. -
< "A dream indeed! Men came— he was
hot among them. They pampered every
wish. Indulged every folly, loaded me
with luxuries, but my dream was dis
pelled. I respected few of them and rev
erenced none. They were my pastime,
my playthings. And they have revenged
themselves by saying In secret — what you
said in public! this morning."
He was looking at her constantly with
h's great wistful eyes, the eyes of a child,
and through all the joy of her success
she was conscious of a spasm of pain at
the expression of his sad face and the
sound of -his tremulous voice.
"We men are much to blame, 1 ' he said.
"In the battle of man with man ,we deal
out blows, and think we are fighting fair,
but we forget .that behind our foe there
is often a woman— a. wife,- a mother, a sis
ter, a friend— and, God forgive us, we
have struck her, too." _
The half pmile that had gleamed on
Roma's throat was wiped 'out of it by
these words, and an emotion she did, riot
understand began to surge in her throat..
""' "You speak of poor women who strug
gle and starve." she said. "Would it sur
prise you to hear that I know what it. is
to do that? Yes, and to be friendless and
alone— quite, quite- alone in a cruel and
wicked city?" " . ¦
She had lost herself for a moment, and
the dry glitter, in her eyes had given way
to a'molstness and a solemn expression.
But at the next instant she had regained
her self-control, and went on speaking to
avoid a painful silence. ¦.
"I have never spoken of "this to another
man," she said. "I don't, know, why I
should mention It- to you— to you .o£ all
men." '-. S
He found no treachery In her fascina
tions. He only saw his little Roma, the
child who lived In her still; her. Innocent
sister who lay sleeping within. '
. She had risen to her feet, and he
stepped up to her, and looking straight
into her: eyes, he 6aid: • <" ,.
"Have you ever seen me before?" ! v
'.. "Never," she answered. •*
"Bit "down," -he said. ,*;i have something
to say .to you." •;
She sat down, and a peculiar expres
sion, . almost a crafty one, came into her
face;
. "You have told me a little of your life,"
he said: ¦ "let 'me' tell - you something of
mine." ; '¦
, She Emiled again, and it was with diffi
culty .that she concealed . the glow of
•triumph in her. cheeks. . TJiese big" chil
dren called men were almost to be pitied.
She ha'd expected a fight.; but the man
j had thrown up the sponge from the out
set, and. now. he was "going to give him
self .into -her hands. ..Only^. for "that pa
thetic look in his eyes and that searching
tone in his voice, she ; could have found it
In her heart to laugh." -". :. ¦*.''"
. "You are the daughter of an ancient
family." he ¦'' said, '"older.,, than . the
house it lived In and. prouder than a line
of kings. And whatever sorrows you may
have seen, you knew what 'Itwas to have
a mother who nursed you ana a father
who loved you and a home that was your
own. Can you realize what it is to have
known neither father nor mother, to be
horiielcss. nameless and alone?"
-She looked up— a deep furrow had cross
ed his brow which she had not seen there
.before. . ...
- "Yes. My earliest memory is of -being
put out to nurse at a farmstead in the
Campagnai It was the time of revolu
tion; the treasury, of the. Pope was not.
yet replaced by the treasury of the King, '
the nuns -at Santo Spirito had no money
with' which to pay their pensions and'I
-was llky-ar child' forsaken by. Its own, ja*
. fledgling in'a-forelgn nesti" t- ¦¦ — ¦-'.: ''t-,f.' "\
...x..Q h ,...: ; - \**Y;~Y;" . .-^ ' '-'; f*' X \^ I !
•"Those wtre s the days when scoundrels
established^ abroad; traded ; ; in Hhe; whlte v .
slavery, of; poor' Italian' boys/ : They 'scour- >
ed; the'. couhtry,'| gathered HhemJ-up, put *
them 'in railway"' trucks like .cattle and \
4 dispatched; them to. foreign, countriesi. My
~ foster 'parentsWparted with me for money,
and I was 'sent: to; London." . ¦
Roma's 'bosom .; was 'heaving,; and tears
were gathering In her 'eyes.' .'-.•--'. SS
- "My next memory is of .living In a large,
, half-empty-; house in . Soho--flfty foreign
boys crowded together. .
Rcma's eyes were filling frankly, and
she ¦was allowing the tears to flow. • .
"Thank God, I have' another memory,"
he continued.- "It is of a good man, a
saint among men, an Italian refugee, giv
ing his life to. the poor, especially to the
poor of his. own people."'
; "What was his name?" . „ , ¦¦''.¦
"They called him Joseph Roselli."
Roma half rose from her". seat, then .
Bank' back;; and the lace, handkerchief'
dropped fromher hand. : '• ; . "
"But I heard afterward— long afterward
—that he was a Roman noble; one of the •
fearless few who had taken up poverty
nand exile in an unknown name for the
eake'of liberty and justice."^
"Well?" '¦'.-.
"He wan enticed from England to Italy;
"an- -English Minister violated his corre- 1
with a friend and communi
'cated its contents to the Italian Govern
ment; he was betrayed into the hands of
the police and-deported without trial."
\ Roma wasclutching at the bodice of her
dress as if to keep down a cry. '
"Was he never heard of again?".
' "Once — only" once — by the friend I speak
about." *_¦• '*.
• "Who was- the friend?" she asked.
"One of his poor waifs— a boy who owed
.everything to- him and loved and revered
him as a father— loves and reveres him-'
still, and tries to follow in the path he
trod/.'-'/ ¦ .
"What— what was his name?"
"David Leone." • - : • .
She looked. at him for a moment with
¦out being able to speak. Then 3he,said:
"What became of him?" |
"He went to America."
; "Did he ever return?" . .
"Yes. ' Love of home in him, as in all
homeless ones, was a consuming passion,
.artd he came back to" Italy."
"Where— where is he now?" '
David Rossi stepped up to her and
said:
"Tn this room."
She rose — ,
"Then you are David Leone?". ..
"David Leone is dead!" . . ¦
"I understand. David Leone = is dead,
but David Ro3si is alive."
He did not speak, but his head was held
up and his face was shining. - ; ; - f ;
"Arc you not afraid to tell me this?"
••No.". ;..- ¦¦-. . '¦
"You insulted and humiliated me in
public this. morning, yet you- think I will,
keep your secret?"
"I know you will."
"May I— may. I shake hands with you?"
she said.'f
- There was a moment of hesitation and
then their hands seemed to leap at each
other and clasp with a clasp of fire.
At the next instant he had lifted her
hand to his lips and was kissing it again
and again.
A sensation of triumphant joy flashed
through her. and instantly, died away.
She wished to cry out, to confess, to say
something, she knew not' what. But Da
vid L*?one is dead rang In her ears, and '
at the same moment she • remembered
what the'impulse had been which brought
her to that house. \ ' ¦ ',-'-. - : ¦- § •• . .'
Then her eyes -began to "-swim and her
heart to fail, and she wanted^ to fly away
without uttering another word. She could
not speak; he ¦ could not speak;'they stood
together on a precipice- where only by
silence could, they hold their heads.
"Let. me go home," she said in a break
ing, voice, and with downcast head: and
trembling limbs she stepped to the door.
After that David redeems his promise
of acting as a modeland Roma sees him
quite frequently . In her studio. To both
of them the past becomes clearer and
clearer, and one day at a little country
inn circumstances,- arise that bring the
matter to a turning point, and they admit
that each has -recognized the other.
Their eyes met, their hands clasped,
their pent-up secret was out, and in the
dim-lit catacombs of love two souls stood
face to face. ' - \
"How long have ypu known It?" she
whimpered.
"S!nce the night you came to the Piazza
Navona. And you?"
"Since the moment I heard your voice."
And then she shuddered and laughed.;. -
When they left the house of silence a
blessed hush had fallen on them, a. great
wonder which they had never known be
fore, the wonder of the everlasting mira
cle of human hearts. ...
David soon finds that he Is falling seri
ously in love, with the adorable . Roma.
He has sworn to devote his life, to the
cause of humanity and has always said
that if he ever found himself in such a
position .he should run from . the object
of his affection before' It was 'too late.
For this reason he ceases his visits,: Roma
soon finds out the cause. She begins to
love the man, for she realizes his great
' ness when he is. willing to atone for his
.slurring of her character.' by being seen,
with her at the theater and when he ac
cepts the innuendos of hersociety friends
without retort. Their studio talks, too,
have , brought them very close together,
and she decides ¦ that she cannot ' give
him up. ' ' . . .._ ' •
..Already she regrets information she has
unwittingly given the Baron, which he' Is
putting to good use, so she tries to* keep
her own counsel on subsequent interviews
with Rossi. As ho does not come she de
cides to ko -to him.
He is alone in his room when Roma ar
rives. •
."I. have come for a minute only," she
said. "You received my letter?"
Rossi bent his "head. . . .
"David, I want the fulfillment of your
promise." '"'¦'-' .'- : '.
"What promise?" .
"The promise' to come to me when • I
; ',stand in need of you. I need you now.
My fountain is practically finished, and
to-morrow, afternoon I am to have, a re
'¦ ception to exhibit it. Everybody will be
• there, arid I want you to be present also."
. "Is that necessary?" he asked. ¦¦'-. ¦>¦ ¦
: "For niy^urposes, yes. . Don't ask me
why. .Don't, question me at all. Only
' trust me and come.!' ' ¦, ¦
"Very well,'. I will be there." . '
"That's all. I might have written, but
• I was afraid you might . object, arid I
wished! to make quite certain. Adieu!"
' v- "Roma," .he said, in a voice that' sound
'. cd. choked. ¦ ' > ; t ,.
(She stopped, but didnot speak, and N he
. felt himself growing hot all over. ; ,
f "I'm relieved— so much relieved— to hear
- that you agree with what >1 -said in ; my
, letter." " ... '..;- ¦
i "The last— In which you wish me to for
. gef you?" . -. ¦ . ¦'¦¦¦¦
"It" Is better so— far better. I am one of
. those who if either party to ; a
; K marriage"— he was talking in a constrain
t .ed^way^fVentertalns beforehand any^ra
'-•.tlontil doubt 'about'ltr.he'is* wiser,' to.with
t draw, even at -the church ''door,'." rather
i than setrout v 6n-a".lifelong v voyage;under
}* doubtful auspices."""
r " Ah, i. well,"' "she said, taking a long
j breath'and turning a little way. ":
r - "But don't think I shall not suffer in
r parting from you,y.Roma; /Thy will be
i done. Thereiare'moments'Jn. life when it
i isn't easy ;to : say. that. y At" least^I can
pruy that you may be' happy— and perhaps
: -in eternity"- «
i "Didn't we promise' not to speak of
this?" she ¦said impatiently. Then their
. •*.,.. — .... .-. .
4
Bv. Hall Galme,
"I am better now. Go on," she said.
. The whirring noise began again and
after a moment the clear voice came as
before: ?
."My-son, the promise I made when we
parted in London I fulfilled faithfully, but
the. !etter.I_wrote to you never came to
i your hands." It was meant to tell you
who I was, and why I changed my name.
That is too long a story now, and I must
be brief. I am Prospero "Volonna. ' My
father was the last prince of that name.
Except the authorities and their spies
nobody in Italy knows me as Roselli and
nobody in England as "Volonna— nobody
but one, my poor dear child, my daughter
Roma."
The hand tightened on Rossi's arm and
his head began to swim.
"Little by' little, in this grave of a liv
. ing man, I. have. heard what has happened
"since- 1 was banished from the world.
.The letter which called' me
back, to Italy and. decoyed me into the
hands of the police was the work of- the
'man who now holds ray estates as the
payment for. his treachery."
"The Baron?".. - *
Rossi had stopped the phonograph.
"Can you bear it?" he said. i /
The pale young face flushed with reso
lution.
¦ 4 'Go on," she said. ..
¦ '.When \ the voice from the phonograph
began again it was more. tremulous and
husky than before. v -
"After .he had'betrayed the father, what
impulse of fear; or humanity prompted
him to take charge of the child God alone.
> who reads all hearts, can say. He went
to England to; look for her, found her in
; the: streets to which she had been aban
doned by the faithlessness of the guard
ians to whom I left her," and shut their
mouths by buying them, to* the perjury of
burying, the unknown' body of an.un
fortunate, being in the name of 'my be
loved child." : „ ' ;•':¦ -ij .£, - .'"'V.'
vThe.hand on:Rossrs'ar"m trembled feeb
ly.and slipped down to 'his own hand." It
was cold as ice. ' The voice from the. pho
nograph was growing, faint- ¦ ¦. *.. ¦ **
"She is now in Rome.,, living in the name
that -.was mine . in Italy, amid an atmos
phere of danger and perhaps of shame.
My son, : save her trom Jt.*\ The, man whe
betrayed the . father may betray, the
daughter also! Take her-from him. 'Res
cue her. It : is my dying prayer." *
- The N voice ceased, the whirring of 'the
instrument came to an end, and an,Invisi
ble spirit seemed to fade into the air. Th*
Spattering of tiie rain had stopped, 1 anc
. there was the crackle of cab -wheels "or
the pavement ; below. Roma had dropped
Rossi's hand and was leaning forward or
her knees, with both hands over her face
After. a moment. she wiped her eyes win
ner handkerchief and began to put-on hei
¦hat.; ; ; i .:-. ¦ ;
"How long is it since you received .this
message?" she said.- ; ¦_.->:* .
"On. the night you came here first."
.. "And when I asked you to come to mj
house : on that— that useless errand yoi
-were thinking 7 of— of my father's reques
• as well?" ••¦..¦? ¦'¦-¦'.- ¦',.., ,. ..,
\ -. .-.I," 1 ¦¦-¦""¦¦- :¦¦¦¦¦<:-.
\-. "You 'have known* all this about- thi
I Baron,,' for. a month, - : yet i you -have -salt
"nothing. Why have you said nothing?"
wouldn't have believed me at first
whatever. I had said against him."
"But afterward?" I^^^^^S
• "Afterward I had another reason." :
"Did it concern me?"
. "Now that" I have to part' from you'
am compelled to tell -you what : it is.".
' ".But if. you ; had known that all, thi;
time he has been trying to use somebody
against you f^ r . ¦./. "•"*¦""""
"That would have made no difference.
--She : liftedher head and a look of nre.
almost of fierceness, came into her face,
but she.oniy snld. with a little hysterical
cry, as If her throat were swelling:
~"Come'tome to-morrow.vDavid! . «e
cure you come! If you don't Come I shall
"never, -never, f orgiv- i you. But - you will .
"come! You will! You will!" '¦¦-.
i/And then; aa if afraid of, breaking out
Into Fobs, she turned quickly, and hurriea
• away/-' :'¦.•'.
H ."She can never fall into: that man s
.hands now." hehhought. And then he ut
:his lamp' and tat down to his work, but
'the-light- was/gone and the night naa
'fallen on him.- - \ .
In Roma's studio the next day she sur
prises all her "fine friends, brings, ridicule
on the head of the Baron and partially
atones I for her first efforts to betray
Rossi. They are all assembled to look at
the statuary Roma .: has been working
upon for the municipal fountain.
• "Superb!", they exclaimed, one after an
other. '.'Superb! Superb!" <
"But surely this is 'Hamlet' without the
Prince," said the Baron: "You set out to
make a fountain representing Christ and
his twelve apostles, and the only figure
you leave unfinished is Christ himself!"
-He .pointed to the central figure above
the ;diah. which. was merely shaped out
and Indicated.
"Not only one, your Excellency." s*id
Don Camillo." "Here is another unfinished
figure— intended for Judas, apparently."
"I';Ieft them to the last on purpose."
said Roma. "They .were so important and
so difficult. But I have- studies for both
of them, in the boudoir, and you shall give
me your advice and opinion.
"It. was. so difficult to do justice to the
Christ that I am almost sorry T made the
attempt. But It came easier when I be
gan to think of some one who was being
reviled and humiliated and degraded be
cause he was poor and wasn't ashamed "of
it. and who was always standing up for the
weak and the down-trodden, and never re
turning anybody's Insult, however shame
ful and false and wicked, because ' he
wasn't thinking of himself at all. So I
got the best model I could in real life and
this is the result."
Wilh that she pulled off the muslin
veil arid revealed the sculptured head of
David Rossi, in a snow-white plaster cast.
The features expressed pure nobility, and
every touch was a touch of sympathy and
love. , .'. -.. - ¦
A moment of chilling silence was fol
lowed by an underbreath of gossip. ""Who
is it?" ." "Christ, of course." "Oh. certain
ly; : but it reminds me of some one."
""Who can it be?" "The Pope?" "Why,
no; don't you Fee who it Is?" "Is it, real
ly?" "How shameful!" "How blasphem
ous!"
Roma stood looking on -with a face
lighted up by two flaming eyes. "I'm
afrald you don't think I've done justice
to my. model." she said. "That's qult^e
true. .But. perhaps my Judas will please
you better," and she stepped up to the
Jmst that was covered by the wet cloth.
"I found this a difficult subject also,
and it was not until yesterday evening
.that I felt able to begin on it."
Then, with a hand that trembled visi
bly, she took from the wall the portrait
of her father, and offering it to the-Min
ister, she said: ¦ . ,
"Some one told me a story of duplicity
and treachery— it was about this poor old
gentleman. Baron— and then I knew what
sort- of a person It was who "betrayed
his : friend arid master for thirty pieces
of silver, and listened to the hypocrisy,
the; flattery. ¦ and lying of the miserable
group of parasites who crowded round
him because he was a. traitor, and be
cause he kept the purse."
With that she threw off the damp cloth,
and\revealed the *clay. modellof a head.
The face was unmistakable, but it ex
pressed every baseness— cunning, arro
¦ gance, cruelty : and .sensuality.
;. . - The silence was . freezing,/ and the com
. pany began to turn away, and to mutter
¦among themselves, in order to cover their
confusion. "It's the Baron V*' "No?"
l*YeaC".« "Disgraceful!'.' "Disgusting!"
"Shocking!"- 1'A scarecrow!"
Roma watched them for . a , moment, and
then said: "You don't like my Judas!
Neither do I. You're right— It is • dis
gusting." '
'A*nd taking- up in, both hands a piece
of thin wire, she cut the clay across, and
the upper part of it fell face downward
with a thud on the floor.
When they were all gone she shut the
dcor with a bang, and then turning to
David Rossi, who alone : remained, she
burst into a flood of hysterical tears, and
threw herself on her kneesat his feet
"David!" she cried.
"Don't "do that. Get up," he answered.
"Roma," he began, but her tears and
passion bore down everything.
"House, furniture, presents, carriages,
horses, everything will go soon, and' I
shall have loved nothing whatever! No
matter! You said a woman loved ease
and wealth and luxury. Is that all a wo
man loves? .Is there nothing else in the
world for any of us? Aren't you satisfied
with me at last?"
. "Roma," he answered, breathing hard,
"don't talk like that. I cannot bear It."
But she. did not listen. "You taunted
me with being a woman," she said
through, a fresh burst of tears. "A woman
was Incapatde of friendship and sacrifices.
She was intended to be a man's plaything.
Do you think I want to be my husband's
mistress? I want to be his wife, to share
his fate, whatever it may be, for good or
bad. for better or worse." -
"For God's sake, Roma!" he cried. But
she broke in on him again.
"You taunted me with the dangers you
had to go through, as if a woman must
needs be an impediment to her husband,
and try to -keep him back. Do you think
I want my husband to do nothing? If
he were content with that he would not
be the man I had loved, and I should de
spise him and leave him." - .
"Roma!" ¦ • •
"Then you. taunted me with the death
that hangs over you. When you were
gone I should he left to the mercy of the
world. . But that' can never happen.
Never! Do you think a woman can out
live the man she loves as I love you?
There! I've said It- You've shamed me
into It." •
. He could not speak now. His words
were choking in his throat, and she went
on in a torrent of tears: •-<>¦' *,
."The death that threatens you >comes
-from no fault of yours, but only from
your fidelity to my father. Therefore I
have a. right .to share it, and I will not
live when you are dead."
S "If I give way now," he thought, "all Is
¦ over.". . - -
And clenching his hands behind his
back to keep himself, from throwing his
arms around her he began in a low voice r
"Roma, you have broken your promise
¦ to : me."- .' " ' . '.' y/.'.i
."I don't care;" she interrupted. "I would
break ten thousand promises. I deceived
you. I confess it. I pretended to be rec
i onciled to your will, and I was not recon
vened. : I wanted you to see me strip my
self of all I had, that you might have no
anawer and excuse. . Well, you have seen
me < do , it, and now — what are you going
i to do now?" ... ¦\- '.
. t "Roma." he began again, trembling all
, over, "there have been two men in me
I .all this time, and one of them has been
1 trying to protect you from the world and
'from yourself, while the other — the other
I Has been wanting you to despise all his
i\ objections and Krampje them under your
feet. If I could only:believe that you know
" all. you are doing, all the risk you are
1 running, and the fate you are willing to
" share— but no," it is Impossible." -
"David," she- .cried, "you love me! If
i you didn't love me I should know it now
—at this moment. But I am braver than
you are."- '. . ' - "
"Let me go.. I cannot answer for my-
T . self." \ ¦ ]"\ ¦ '¦' . ¦-.--'¦ -,., :
i "I am braverthan you ate, for I have
t not only, stripped myself -of all. my pos
sessions and -of all my ,• friends— I have
""even myself again and
- " again, "and been daring and audacious
3 and.rude"to everybody, for your sake. I
1" a woman, .while • you, --a, man, you "are
afraid, yes, afraid: you are a coward—
that's it, a coward! No. no. no! What
/Vam I saying?- David Leone!" - '-, ,
1 And with- a cry of passftm and 'remorse
she flung both arms about his neck
He had stood, during this fierce strug
gle of. love and pain, holding himself in
until his throbbing nerves could bear the
. strain no lonser.
. . "Come to me, . then-^come^to me." he
1 cried and at the moment when she threw
herself .upon him he stretched out his
3 arms to" receive her. a
"You do love me T' she said.
"Indeed, yes! And you? _ ;
He clasped her In Ws arms, with re
doubled ardor and pressed h^r to his
breast and kissed her. TO*- 10 ™'?- 1 ™?
pent-up was bursting out like a liberated
cataract that sweeps the snow and the
Ice before It. ..
"You will never think the worse of me.
she faltered.
"The worse of you! For loving me?"
"For telling: you so and forcing myself
into your life?" •'-,'¦;
"My darling, no!" .."
' "But tell me," he said." "are you sure—
quite sure? Do you know what is before
you?" * • ¦'-
"I only knirw I love you."
From this time 'on BonelU begins to
take a more active part. He realizes his
wrong step in turning over the betrayal
of • Rossi to Roma, but he has already
learned enougn through her and by the
additional assistance of a' miserable police
spy, Charles Mlnghelli. to know that Da
vid Rossi and David Leone are one and
the same person.
V sentence of death hanpa over DavM
Leone for the part he took In the con
spiracy with Dr. Roselli. and the Baron
merely needs the last connecting link of
identification of Ross«t with Leone to en
able him to have Rossi convicted and
thereby rid himself of a dangerous polit
ical rival. Baron Bonelll now sees in
Rossi also a rival In the affections of the
younj? woman he lovea. so his Incentive to
eet Rossi out of the way has been dou
bled. He tries to get Roma to help him.
but. of course, the now refuses absolutely
to have anything to ilo with any scheme
that will jeopardize the life of the man
she loves. . . .
Roma warns David of the Baron's plot
ting, and flnaJly David sees that for the
good of the cause he must go away and
seek aid in foreign countries. 'Before he
leaved Roma and he are married by a
priest, although such a marriage is not
recognized by the laws of the country,
but there Is "not sufficient time for them
to publish the banns of a civil marriagp.
From Rossi's letters Roma is led tz. hf
lieve that he contemplates assassinating
the King upon his return to Rome. Th?
Baron gets an inkling that Roma fc^iows
this and goes deliberately to wor^ to
have her betray her husband. First he
tries t<» get her to give Rossi up by refer
ring to the past relations between them
selves and threatening her.
"Lean tell him that, according to the
lav/ of nature and of reason, you belong
to me." said the Baron." i
"Very well. It will be your word against
mine, will it not?"
"I can tell him," continued the Baron,
"that before God I am your husband, and
if he comes between us it will be only as
your lover and your paramour."
Although there is some truth In what
the Baron has to say, still Roma has not
been to blame, and so she writes to Rossi
and confesses all. The letters fail to
reach him until after he has returned to
Rome and many things have happened.
Failing in this point, Bonelll claims to
have evidence that Rossi expects to kill
the King-, and tells Roma that if she will
tell all sheSsnows Rossi will be arrested,
on another cSarare, saved from the crlma
of regicide and then allowed to go free
with banishment. Otherwise he will b<»
taken and undoubtedly sentenced to death.
She consents and signs a paper of Iden
tification that makes Rossi's arrest pos-
David returns to Rome but Is arrested
on the frontier and comes In as a prison
er. At the railway station In Rome hi3
brother anarchists rescue him and he es
capes In the crowd.
He goes straight to the room of Roma
The Baron is already there and trying
to persuade Roma to %o with him. Their
conversation has been long and • ex
cited. Roma has a revolver in her hand
and has made up her mind to kill Bonelli
whan she hears the voice of Rossi.
Roma, who had forgotten all about the
Baron, was rooted to the spot on which
she stood. The Baron, who had under
stood everything, was also transfixed.
Then • came a quick vibrating \ oice,
"Roma!"
Roma made a faint cry and dropped the
revolver out of her graspless hand. The
Baron picked it up instantly. He was the
first to recover himself.
"Hush!" he said In. a whisper. "Let
him come It. I will go Into this room.
I mean no harm to any one: but if he
should follow me — If you should reveal my
presence— remember what I said before
about a challenge. And If I challenge him
his shrift will have to-b© swift and sure."
The Baron stepped Into the bedroom.
Then the emotional voice came again,
"Roma! Roma!" :
Roma staggered to the door, and opened
Rossi accuses" Roma of betraying
him. He has received none of her lettsrs.
and so, of course, la not Informed on all
that has happened. She has a difficult
part to play, for she realizes the presence
of the Baron in the next room and fears
the consequences. She throws herself on
his mercy and craves forgiveness.
"It is not your fault If the love you
brought home. to me is dead. I hoped that
before you came I might die too. I think
my soul must be dead already, ard here
I lay It at your feet. I dare not hope for
pardon, but If your great heart could par
don me——" \~ -
He felt his soul fill with love and for
giveness. - <•
"But I know very well It is impossi
ble "
"Nothing 1 is Impossible, Roma. "We are
all children -In God's hand, erring: little
children: and If the "light of his love
which lights up the book of life could
shine on two more unfortunate ones "
She felt a sensation of swelling In her
throbbing heart, and ros© up with shin
ing eyes.
"Roma, I confess .that when I escaped
from the police I came- here to ayengo
myself. They are following me, and I
shall inevitably be taken. But if yon tell
me that It was only your love that led
yon to denounce me — your love and noth
ing but your love— though I am bestrayed
and fallen and may be banished or con
demned to death— still — "
"I do say so! I do! I do!"
"Swear it, Roma."
"I swear — "
"The woman lies," said a voice behind
them.
. The Baron stood to the bedroom door
way. -..;.-
A terrible scene ensues." one of the
strongest in the book, in which the Baron
succeeds in convincing Rossi that Roma
has purposely betrayed him. and that she
has really been the mistress of Bonelll.
Rossi, in his mad fury, kills the Prime
Minister and tJjen seeks safety in the
sanctity of the Vatican.
The Pope admits David to the sanctu
ary, where he is free from arrest and
knows nothing of what is going on In the
outer world. He does not know that
Roma has accepted the blame of the mur
der, has been tried and sentenced to life
imprisonment..
¦ In the meantime a bloodless revolution
has taken place and the King has abdi
. cated his throne. David finally learns
of the heroic sacriflc<* of Roma and also
of her innocence." for the letters that she
had sent to him abroad reach him at the
Vatican and explain alL He rushes to
the Chamber of Deputies to give himself
up. but the members refuse to take anv
•action against him. and his name is men
tioned as the new President of the repub
lic. He. finds Roma on her deathbed but
happy In his forgiveness, and they have a
brief reunion of a weak before she dies.
Rosa! Is elected President, but he feels
that his work is over, so he leaves Italy
and Is heard of no more.
"WORTH READING.'
FOR THE BLUE
AND GOLD
A Tale of Life at ths University of
' California.
By JOY LICrlTENSTEIN
$1.50 Net ;
** A .F? ul ! nK KOod st °ry of 'undergrad-
uate life, its -work and lt» play Ther»
are scores of healthy, plucky, fun-lovlnsr
sturdy young Americans who keep the
interest at a glow from start to finish.
It Is a book that should be read by all
college graduates, by all in college ana
by those intending to enter, college!"
—New Orleans Picayune.
A. U. ROBERTSON, Publisher,
126 Pest Street,
San Francisco. Cal.a. general in the civn war. This fact often
leads to the misspelling of the name. Gov
ernor. and .General Kearny . spelled "his
name with 'one . e, while '-Phil /.Kearney
spelled his with two. The proper spelling
is Kearny. This street-was once widened
twenty feet from Market street to Broad
way.
MONTGOMERY STREET was named
after Commander John B. Montgomery of
the United States sloop of • war Ports
mouth, and whose marines' and sailors
took possession of Yerba Buena, July 9,
184(5, and raised the flag on the plaza,
which was afterward known, as, Ports
mouth Square. \ „¦
WASHINGTON, JACKSON, TAYLOR,
FILLMORE, PIERCE and BUCHANAN
STREETS and GRANT AVENUE were
named after Presidents of the United
States.
HARRISON STREET— Some persons
suppose this street was named after Gen
eral Will. am Henry Harrison, President
of the United States, but it Is aitogether
more probable that it was named after
Henry A. Harrison, who was a member
of the Ayuntamiento or Town Council in
1849-£0, and a member of the pioneer mer
cantile lirm of DeWltt & Harrison..
JEFFERSON STREET— This street,
running from Black Point to the Presidio
and near the bay, is the only one named
after the author of the Declaration of In
dependence and the third President of the
United. States. ¦•
MISSION STREET was Vlcinally the
onl-y road out to the Mission Dolores and
to Santa Clara and San Jose. It .went
partly through a swamp, considered to be
impassable lor vehicles. Charles L. Wil
son and his associates obtained 1 the right
to build a tollroad to the Mission. - They
leveled or graded Kearny street to Mar
ket, made a road along ¦ Thfrd street to
Mission,' then out Mission street' to Six
teenth. Where necessary " thoy, filled up
the. swamp or marsh and' planked the
street: A tollgate was placed at Kearnv
and Post, streets, but "was shortly after
ward removed, to Mission ¦ street. The
street, was finally- macadamized. > To pre
vent opposition they also improved Fol-^
sonv street and placed a' tollgate on it.
These tollgates remained for many years,
until cross streets, opened from ¦ time to
time, enabled, people to avoid ' the". toll
gates, notwithstanding they were from
time, to time" moved to prevent such being
done. .. ';'. ,
. MARKET STREET— Supposed to be so
called after Market street in either Phil
adelphia or Baltimore, 'or both, though
about the time this one was named the
latter was changed to Baltimore street.
This street took its present direction be
cause it was laid out parallel. to Mission
street. Sand hills fifty or more feet hlgn
stood on it, from Kearny street west up
until about 1859 or ISM.
VAN NESS AVENUS— After James
Van Ness, a native of New York. He was
Mayor and Recorder (Police Judge) at the
time the consolidation act went into oper
ation in 1S56. He, as Mayor, approved. the
Van Ness ordinance, po-called, by, which
the city surrendered to the actual settlers
the lands within the pueblo west of Lar
kln street. ..."
: GEARY STREET— After John W.
Geary, a native 'of Pennsylvania,' a grad
uate- of Jefferson College. . By profession
he was a civil engineer. He command
ed .a -regiment at Chapultepec, where he
was woundedi and was in command "of
the citadel., of Mexico after' its capture.
He came to San Francisco after the.Mex
ican war. ln.1849 he was Postmaster, then
Alcalde, and in ,1850 was selected the first
Mayor of the city. He. was afterward
Governor of . the Territory of Kansas,
a brigadier general In the Civil
AVar and twice elected .Governor' of
the State .of -Pennsylvania • between
1867 and 1873.. He commanded a di
vision > at Chancellorsvllle, ..Gettysburg
and Lookout Mountain « and in Sher
man's campaign through ¦ Georgia in
1KH4. He and H. H. Haight, afterward
Governor of this State, were, . together
with the latter's father, Fletcher .- M.
•Halght, afterward United States.Dlstrict
Judge for the southern district of Cali
fornia, in partnership in the . practice of
the law for a short time in the early fif
ties under the name of Haight & Geary.
While Haight was Governor of California
Geary was Governor of Pennsylvania.
• HAIGHT STREET— After Henry H.
Haight, a native of New York, , lawyer
by profession and Governor of California
from 1868 to 1872. .... •
VALLEJO— After Mariano G. Vallejo,
a distinguished native Californian,. born
in Sonoma July, 1808. He was one of the
founder's of Benicia."' He was once Stale
Senator. The town of Vallejo was named
after him. He was one of the delegates
to ,the ¦ contention that framed^ the : lirst
constitution of this State!, .
CLAY • STREET— AVas named after
Henry Clay, the distinguished ,. Wh+ff
statesman and United. States Senator
from Kentucky.', • ' r: , ¦•"/ ;\ " ' ' ¦¦¦ • . -v
WEBSTEK STREET— "Was named
after . Daniel Webster, the great Whig
statesman and Senator from Massachu
setts. * v". \, ¦-../,_ ¦ " ;r?
LEIDE-SDQRFF STREET— After Wil
liam A. Leidesdorff, a well-known, busi
ness man of .very early days; a piprieer
of lS40.-He;was town treasurer and mem
ber of ..the, Town Council in '1847. He died
In 1848, leaving ~a. large estate. ..I:
HYDE. /STREET— After. George' Hyde,
one of the; Alcaldes" under the^; United
States Government. Many early grants
of lots to settlers were- made by ,. him.
He returned in after' years to , PJiifcdel
phia; his native city, occasionally, 1 how
ever, paying a, visit to this city. He-was
Alcalde in .1S47-48.
iJEAVENWORTH-After Dr. T. M.
Leavenwoith, elected Alcalde August 29,
1S49.\ Peace with Mexico was .declared
about eighteen day^ previously,- August
11. 1848. -At this time there, were three
bodies each claiming, to be the only legal
Ayuntamiento. or Town Council. In tho
Continued on Pace Seven."
contest I^eavenworth made friends and
many enemies. .Many lots were granted
by him to the early settlers.. He removed :
to;., and,' lived many years iiv! Sonoma.
County.-" ".¦••.-'¦"'•'. .-'¦ "..'' ¦¦*:.-,£ '.'¦¦'-'¦¦ .'-''-:¦¦ ¦
HOWARD— After W. D. M. Howard, a
very prominent, wealthy' and influential
business man of early times." He /was • a
member ef the Ayuntamiento, or ,;Town
Council, elected . December V 27, -' ,'1848.'^ He ;'
died many years ago. t George: Howard, a
prominent real": estate.niah, and one" tinie '
member of the Legislature ' from, Sari; Ma-^
teo- County, -was a' brother.^The': Howard-
Presbyterian {Church ' was ,:named \ '"after
W. D. -M.' Howard," *; he 2 having: advahcud jj
most if not all the I funds for building. th« •;
first J church edifice, for "that '. congregation. v
His. firm,. Mellus •& Howard, 'September,*
1848, erected the first; brick .-building '¦ ln|
Sa'n Francisco. v It r was. located ¦ at: the
corner of Montgomery and: Clay, streets.;,;
' FOLSOM. 'STREET;—* After Joseph. r L.
Folsom, in i the quartermaster's 'depart-,
ment of : the - • United ', .'States ', army.: in ;
1848-49., ' He built, a ! line residence, on the
northwest /corner of Second ."and; Folsom
streets. - He died in the early fifties,:.
leaving a large estate, of which' General
H. ;W. Hallcck.A. C. Peachy and P. . W. .
Vail 'Winkle were executors. The 'town
of' Folsom was named after 'him. * -
FREMONT '.: --STREET— -After,; Colonel;
John C. Fremont, an officer of theUnited
States, Topographical v Engineers ¦'.-. and
pathllnder, across "the^ plains . to -Califor r
nia in 1S44-45— 16... He co-operated with; the
Bear F.'ag "party at; Sonoma -June 14, 1846.
He was- the first United States? Senator,
from -California; a son-in-law- of Thomas
H. Bcnton, the statesman; and Senator
from ; Missouri. . He 'was the first; cand}
date; of the Republican party for Pres
ident of the IJnlt'ed- States." Heclalmed
California' at that 'time as' his residence.
lie, is the only candidate California has
ever had for the Presidency nominated
by- either j of the leading political. par-
It to be Impossible to establish grades ad
they are now.
No effort had ever been made to Im
prove In any way any of the streets laid
down on the maps up to the winter of
1849-50, when their condition was so.bul
that even horses could not safely pass
over parts of the most used of them,
A movement was therefore made for
their. improvement In the spring of 1850,
nnd ft few of them were graded and
planked for one or two squares. When
jirlvntc enterprise made the improvement
a toll gate was erected and toll collected,
ns was done on Kearny street near Post,,
nnd on Mission street, and afterward on
Folsom street. . >
When tho land overflowed by the tide,
and lying between Montgomery and East
streets, the lino of low water mark,
was surveyed and laid off in streets and
lots, the streets were extended from time
to time, often on piles driven into the
bay and then planked over, and wharves
were extended in tho same manner from
them. Many houses were built there. on
1 he same foundation.- These lots and
streets were not all filled up and. stone
substituted for the street planking for
many years afterward. It was not until
t lv seawall was finally built that the
ebb and flow of the tide was shut off
from them. The only cobblestones ob
tainable tit the time had to be brought
from the Sacramento River. .
About 1859 David llewes with his so
called "steam paddy" and sand cars on
a temporary movable railroad , track re
moved the sand' hills on and Immediately
north of Market street and filled up the
swamps or marsh south of Market street,
making, a very marked change in that
part of the city. ..,,¦ ' ¦¦:
The following is believed to be a cor
rect statement in 'regard to the persons
after whom the streets of the city were
named: ¦¦ -fw >* ' ' :'
KEARNY STREET— Originally known
as "La* Calle de la Fundacion," or the.
'foundation, St'rcet;' was named after-Gen-
eral Stephen \V; Kearny, a nativejjf New'
Jersey, and a veteran of the war~of 1812.
He had been colonel of the First United
States Dragoons, and during the Mexican
war was ordered to 'march with his troops
and Doniphan's Missouri regiment across
the plains from Missouri, and conquer
and take possession of New Mexico, and
then proceed to California and conquer or
take possession' of it. Having taken pos
session of New Mexico he reached Cali
fornia' December 2, ? 1S46, acting under di
rect orders from , Secretary of War AVil
liam L. .Marcy. •• He afterward fought the
battles of San Pasquale, San Bernardino,
San Gabriel and the Mesa^ near Los An
geles. He was the aon-in-law of Clark of
Lewis and Clark, who first crossed the
continent to the Pacific, in the famous
Oregon exploration.! When he reached
¦ California, Commodore Stockton, who had
arrived .in Monterey August 15, 1846; and
had then succeeded Commodore Sloat in
command; was at San Diego, and claimed
to be In supreme command of all the mili
tary and naval forces of the United States
in California, lie had been acting in con
junction with Colonel r John C. Fremont
and designed to make him military gov
ernor. Kearny, % however, repudiated
Stockton's claiin a»d was sustained' by
the authoritlesat Washington. Stockton
then turned his command over to Commo-.
ciore Shubrick and- went east across the
plains. Kearny then became the first
military governor of California under
United States authority. .•*' Not a great
while afterward he returned ea.st through
New Mexico, taking with • him Colonel
John C. Fremont, whom he h".:^ ;'2ail\}
under arrest for Insubordination.
Some persons suppose this street was
named after Phil Kearney, who was a
major during the- Mexican war and was
for a while stationed at Sonoma. He was
PRIOR to the year 1835 the few
ships that came into the bay of
San Francisco usually anchored op
posite the Presidio,; at Black Point,
at North Point or at Sausalito. The
latter, was inconvenient. and the anchor
age - v of the . others was -unsafe. .In
consequence p thereof i vessels 1 began ;to
seek the. shelter and better, anchorage
found off what, was known as Yerba 'Bu
ena Cove, and, the shipmasters petitioned
Governor FIgueroa to «stablish a port of
entry there. This petition was favorably
considered and - as ¦-.'-¦ a ..- consequence the
town site, of Yerba Buigna, of, which San
Francisco is the successor, was laid out
at the head of the cove in the latter part
of October, • 1835,' by Francisco . de Haro,
an- Alcalde residing at the Mission Do
lores.'- " *; '..'."'¦ ,-;' %¦ ¦ ';
He did so by. marking upon .the ground
a simple street called La Calle tie la Fun.
dacion, or Foundation street. It. started
from a point near the present corner of
Kearny and Pine streets; and ran Jin a
northerly direction toward North Beach,
having Telegraph Hill, at,- one end and
sand hills' at the other.
The place was "then declared to be a
port of entry, and Captain William A.
Richardson, who had arrived in Califor
nia in 1823, and had become a natural'z:d
citizen of Mexico, was made captain of
the. port, :11c had been acting as agent
of a couple of schooners that were en
gaged in carrying on a desultory trade
up and down the sea coast.' He made a
rough'sketch of the location,' and having
brought' his family over from Sausalito i
where he had long resided, fixed his resi
dence on the side hill near where Dupont
street now is; between Clay ami Wash
ington, streets. His house, being ft combi
nation of house.- and tent, was the first
one located in the future city and he. and
his family Were the first residents. ¦'¦
.A year, later,- in .1836, the -village con
tained -ln s the' neighborhood of thirty or
forty, houses, .located . in - the sandhill3
around the present Dlaza. .-.. ¦
' In 1839 Governor Alvarado direct* d a
survey to be made of the place, and Jose
Castro, the prefect of the ' district-, em
ployed for that purpose Jean J. Vioget,
who in November of that year surveyed
and platted out the village of Yerba Bu
ena," included between the present Broad
way, Montgomery, Powell. and California
streets. . N > . .
He did not, however, name any of the
streets, nor did Richardson do so on his
rough sketch. . ¦,.
'On the 9th day of July. 1S4S, Commandrr
John B. Montgomery of the I'nitcd States
sloop of war Portsmouth, with seventy
seamen and marines -under, command of
Lieutenant' Watscn. took possess'on of the
village and ra!?od the United Statis flag.
He appointed a naval ollicer. Lieutenant
Washington A. Bartlett, Alcalde of the
place, the tlrst Sunder -United States
authority. In September . Bartlett was
elected to ' tho position, which he held
until February, '1847. This Was not the
Washington v Part!ett ; who was many
years afterward elected Go vtsrhor of the
State. . ..
Wheji, Lieutenant Uartlett ended his
career as Alcalde he resumed his^position
as an officer of tho navy. and sailed away,
neveT» afterward to have any connection
with -the history of the citv or Siaie. • »
Bartlett, as Alcalde, employed a civil
engineer, named Jasper O'Farrell, who. in
1S45 had been in the military service with
General John A. Sutter, to enlarge the old
Vioget survey of 1S39. O'Farrell took the
present corner of Kearny and Washing
ton streets as his starting point and en
larged the survey as far as North Beach,
and west as far as Taylor, street. vHe laid
out Market street as the future main
thoroughfare, corresponding in direction
with Mission street, the road to the Mis
sion Dolores, 'which, on: account of the
prevailing 1 sandhills and salt marsh, was
the only road at that time leading out of
the *city. The survey south of Market
street ran on 'Second and Third streets as
far as South Beach, and on Market street
as far as Fifth street, leaving out the
swamps or marsh south and west of Mis
sion and fourth streets.
O'Farrell named all the streets em
braced in, his survey, and .'laid down on
his map and numbered the" tifty-vara lots
between TaylorVand Post streets and the
bay.
' In the following year, 1847, by direction
of Alcalde Edvvin Bryant, O'Farrell also
laid off, surveyed and mapped the beach
and water lorproperty ¦ lying between
Montgomery and East streets, Telegraph
Hill and Rincon Hill.
In the meantime, however, Alcalde
Bartlett had by proclamation, dated
January 19, 1847,. changed the name of the
village of .Ycrba Buena (meaning a god
herb) to that'ot San Francisco, and by
that name it was finally, on April 13, lf>50,
chartered as a city by the State Legis-
Uiture. the boundaries thereof being
Webster and Sixteenth streets and the
bay. . . ¦¦' -
An Ayuntamiento, or Town Council,
with power to^frame municipal laws and
to appoint necessary town officers,, wae
established in August, 1S47, by order of
Governor Mason.- . > ,
In' December. 1849, Sansome street was
opened to Bush ! street, Bush to . Market,
and First to Folsom, $5000 toward the
purpose being raised b'y private subscrip
tion.- ; ' -
" At the time the United . States forces
took possession of Yerba Buena. in 1846.
there were about COO inhabitants scattered
about the sandhills. Small settlements
had for a long time, prior thereto existed
at the Mission Dolores and at the Pre
sidio, but they formed no part of . the
village of Ycrba Buena. ¦ They did not
fully become a part of San Francisco
until 1S56. when the act of the Legislature
consolidating the city and county went
into operation.
In February, 1849, the population of San
Francisco was estimated at 2000. It
rapidly increased thereafter.
Early in 1850 AVilliam M. Eddy was
elected City Surveyor by the Ayunta
miento, or Town Council, and. directed to
complete the survey of j San Francisco.
He completed the, survey of the city be
tween Laikln and Ninth streets* and . the
bay, and mapped the iifty-vara and 100
vara lots not platted by O'Farrell. At
this time many people thought, on ac
count of. the prevailing high hills and the
valleys, that the streets north of Market
street should have been laid out in ter
races around the hills, instead of at right
angles as they exist at present, believing
THE SUNDAY CALT>.
The Making and Naming
Of the Steets of
San Francisco.
5Photo by Alisky.
]T has been left- for a Frenchman to
paint California as she deserves. "
Bartholdi has . done ¦ it. . Bartholdi,
who molded for. us the form of Lib-
erty as she hasnever been mpldechbe-
Eore: Bartholdl. who,b,y the magic of his
sculpture ; represented our own Washing
ton in a way that made America proud;
Bartholdi.' that Frenchman of Italian or
igin, * who has a fancy j for . chiseling out
our_ American traditions and heroes and
ideals in a way that we have to admit Is
mqre American than anything that we
can produce.
BarthQldi has a brush as well as a
chisel, and thpugh he does not love it as
well, he picks it up now and then and
dashes something on a canvas just to
See - Page Twelve for the
Halftone Reproductions of
These Remarkable - Photo-
I HOPE all those who are taking . ad
vantage of these lessons in the "Best
of All Games" now are perfectly fa
miliar with the leads, as it is essen-
tial that they should have their
minds perfectly clear to draw the "infer
ences to be drawn from the play of each
card, and, therefore, they should not be
harassed by doubt as to the card they
rnuet lead first of all.
Taking it for granted that yon do know
exactly what to lead, we will begin on
the follow, or second play, in the same
suit. You pick up a hand containing ace,
queen, Jack, eight of spades, queen, ten.
seven of diamonds; eight, six, four of
hearts: ace, king, two of clubs; the queen
of clubs turned for trump to your right.
At a glance you know spades to be the
suit you should open. You 'also see that
you ha\*e an ace lead in it, and you lead
it, to which falls the two, four, six of
spades respectively. Now. as you have
but four in suit, and your partner can
not be sure until your second play
whether you held originally four or five,
your second play of the queen t£lls him
that y»u have exactly four in suit and
that you have the knave also and you
deny the king. Had you five in suit you
would follow the ace with the knave,
showing the queen and five in suit. It
has been proved that giving all the in
formation possible to your partner «is to
exact holdings rives you the greatest ad
vantage, even though your opponents are
also Informed, your partner being in the
petition to assist you to establish your
suit.
Again, you hold ace, ten, nine, eight,
seven and two of spades (not trumps). You
lead the ace und it makes. Here you
must follow with your fourth best, even
though your seven is in sequence and ap
parently as valuable us the eight, your
fourth best. If you must play from this
suit again before you have established it
you must play the seven, holding up the
two. The two, not falling to .the three
rounds, your partner gives ' it to you,
thereby reading you with six spades. Had
you played the two he could only play
you for five spades, which might make a
material difference in his game.
Holding king, queen, ten and nine, you
lead the king, showing four in suit. It
wins. Your partner apparently has the
ace. else your king would . have been
taken, although an opponent holding ace,
knave and small will sometimes, if strong
in trumps, play low so as to win the sec
ond trick with the jack, holding up the
ace to prevent you from establishing your
suit, but as this does not happen often it
will not be mentioned again. You follow
with the nine, showing the ten, queen and
Bartholdi's Most Famous
Paintings, California of
Old and To-Day.
show that he can. "What he dashes off is
what others could not accomplish in thfl
labor of years.
The Bartholdi paintings reproduced here
and autographed by the, artist represent
the two phases of California's wealth.
One showy the hard and rough side of
the State in Its early days, the era of the
mining camp.
The other represents the golden fields.
the happiness and success brought by the
agriculture of to-day.
"Cajifornia of Old" ..and ''California of
To-day" are five feet by eight. The, .can-
vases now hang In Bartholdi's own studio
and he has refused many an offer to part
with them. The largest sum offered was
by a German.
- "They win go to America or stay whera
they are," replied the" artist.
And he meant It. too. for there la a
pretty, sentiment about Bartholdl. His
work represents to h/m* something else
than dollars and cents. V V
American tnemes nave always appealed
to him. His greatest work, the statue o?
Liberty in New York harbor, was made
for us. Perhaps, however, there was some
patriotism of his own N worked into that.
Ho wrought It when the Franco-Prussian
war was over, when he could not enter
Pads on account of the commune, and so
wandered to the United States. There ha
thought out x the project of a monument
tending to preserve the remembrance of
the earlier friendship between France and
her sister. republic. -and the outcome was
the statue of Liberty facing the ocean and
looking toward Frajjce. His patriotic
heart was grieving for the wounds of his
own country and It seems that, his genius
was heightened by his keen suffering.
The majestic form and face of Wash
ington appealed to him and he wrought
the group '.'"Washington and Lafayette."
; which Pulitier presented to the city of
Paris. It was erected there In the Place
des Etats-UnU (Square of the United
Spates).,- •
/There are few enough' of the worlds
great geniuses who have chosen Califor
nian themes. We are not enough known
as yet Therefore otu/ flutter of satisfy
tionls pardonable when we view BartXl
oldi's "Callfornlaa." . . "V
Third in Series of Whist Lessons by Mrs.
Adolph Hess of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club.
You hold a hand containing a knave,
lead king, queen, knave and three small.
You lead the knave, and when you next
lead that suit you must lead the flucen,
showing six in suit. Had you fonowed
with the king you would have shown live
in suit exactly. Holding ace. King, queen,
knave and three small you lead the knave,
and follow with the queen. Your knaVe
winning gives you the ace. king ana queen.
You follow with the queen, snowing two
higher, the king and the ace, and shows
seven in suit. Had you followed wjth the
king you would show six, and had you
followed with, the ace you woulu have
shown exactly live in suit. Your tirst lead
of. cither ace. queen or knave shows tive
at least in suit. Your follow determines
whether you held exactly five or more; If
more, how many more. The lead of the
ten shows four in suit and shows queen
and knave also in hand, leur second ( lead
or foliow shows the exact length; if you
follow the ten led wfth the knave- you
show five in suit (the ten winning); if fol
lowed by the queen you show four In suit,
and you show ihe nine also; if folio-wed by
a smaller card than the nine you show
four cards in suit and deny the nine. You
hold ace, king, queen and two more, it is
a queen lead. Followed by the ace shows
the king and exactly two more. Kollowec*
by the king shows the ace and three more,
making six in suit. The lead of the nin©
shows exactly lour In suit, except from
the combination of kins, knave, ten,
nine. If the nine forces the ace you fol
low, of course, with the king. If it forces
the queen and riot the ace, you. : follow
with the ten to show six. or with the
knave to show five, and the king to show
exactly four. There is hardly a single fol
low that will not proclaim the exact nu
merical strength.
., 1 he management of trumps . is a sub
ject the best writers on* the game do not
all agree upon. Some say if you have
five trumps it is always right to lead
them; others that unless you nave a good
long suit and a. re-entry in another suit
or your partner by his lead has shown
great strength in trumps it is- best not
to lead them. . .
To lead out all the trumps must', be
good for one side only — the side possess
ing the long- suits — so if you extract the
trumps and the suits must win»on their
merits, you should possess those suits to
win the same. . '
You are very likely to play, the adver
saries' game if you draw- all. the trumps
just because you had five trumps and
had no suit to bring: In.
It is better to play a backward game,
unless your hand is Invincible or unless
your partner has shown great strength
in the suits or between you you have one
great suit with a re-entry in another, or
to prevent a double ruff if the adversaries
have shown .-weakness in trumps, thereby
givins your partner some strength, two
rounds cf trumps will do no harm. \ ,
To attempt to lead out the trumps and
to establish a long suit when you are not
strong enough to do so is a fatal error.
Holding six trumps, unless you are void
of two suits and weak in the third, you
shouid lead trumps. . ¦..'
Holding seven trumps, it .would nearly
always be right to lead them.
With four trumps, unless you have good
cards in all three of < the other suits. It
would be seldom right to lead them un
less you had a suit established which was
in danger of being ruffed, a re-entry in
another suit, or your four irumps were
the best.
Sometimes it is right to lead trump !
from three or even two trumpsT having
command of all the suits.' or ti> prevent a
double ruff or. protect cards in your own
or your partner's hand. Whist perceptioa
alone, can enable a player to determine
the time to lead trumps. A" round too suon
or a. round too late may: ruin ' a good
hand. .^" . - < , .
lh.p ace of trumps is the only singleton ,
everlcd by strong players. When a player
leads the ace of trumps (a singleton) as
an original lead, he should have com
plete command of all the other suits.
The next lesson will.be on the "signal"
for trumps and -the second, .third, and
fourth hand play..- _ ; -.
v.ouid have held an impromptu meeting
and probably decided all about It before
I could have sot a word in edgewise.
But none of them knew, and conse
quently the twenty that were in town
came brimful of comrnendable curiosity.
The rtading-room. which had been bor
rowed from a fev/— a very few — of the
Native Sons who were in ( the secret, was
lull of life and animation. «*^
Of ali the discussion you ever heard 1
this was the fiercest. There were all
kinds of pros and cons, and nobody really
knew what they were talking about, or,
nearer to the point, what they wanted
to talk about. I was the only one who
had thought about the subject at all, and
I assure you I had my hands full to keep
the numerous misapprehensions corrected. .
A, temporary organization was what I
wanted. I knew if we proceeded that far
we TTculd never totally backslide. The
girls wanted time— wanted to think it over
and have another meeting.
As 1 didn't see any necessity for that
I called for members enough to till the
offices and I got them. So the organiza
tion that is in such a flourishing condi
tion now was launched without a private
but with a full auota of officials..
Before we adjourned the date of the sec
ond meeting was designated as Saturday,
September 25. 18S6. 1 breathed easier.
The idea that had been bothering me so
long had been given a fair start.
And then the men came to thefoie as
they usually do. If we had failed they
would have kept a grim silence with an
"I told you so" expression on : their
faces. ' But as we succeeded they
r* jr iSS JONES is most cordially re
/ \ f\ quested to be present at the K.
I jr I S. G. W. reading-room at pre-
I cisely 1:30 p. m., on Saturday,
September 11, 1SS6."
That is exactly the wording of the twen
ty-four notes that I sent out when I had
the founding of the Native .Daughters in
my mind.
1 knew many Native Son.s and thought
the order an exceedingly pood one. Be
sides the social side of the organization,
and that is a large side with them, the
benefits derived were of the very best and
almost equaled the stronger orders.
Whenever I suggested the idea it was
immediately frowned down. The men
thought that a side issue, would take
some of their glory from them instead of
enhancing it. They were rot the bit
enthusiastic about it; didn't, in fact, like
to hear the subject mentioned.
I didn't say anything then, but I
thought a good deal. Later I went to
Sacramento to celebrate Admission day,
and then I had the fever worse than ever.
If the men could accomplish so much, cer
tainly the women could do equally well.
That was the 9th of September, and im
mediately after the festivities^ were over
I went home. The very first thing I did
was to lay in a supply of stamps and then
I sat down and wrote those twenty-four
notes. I believe in doing things when the
mood Is on. They are very much more
apt to be well carried out.
The notes were ambiguous. I intended
.them to be. That was an almost certain
way of getting them all there. Had I
said why. I desired their presence they
dignified way, you know. ; AVhen. Mrs. A.
reaches "the point .where; she .¦.simply/can
not/stand it any longer- she wiir ; bounce
up and inform us that entirely too- milch
rule :is' allowed and- not enough; common
sense used, fiv ' ' : "¦ .. : • 'AV""Vv"v -*^ : : .'/;.: ¦;¦"¦¦ .
But with all 'this there is comparatively
little.^rcal trouble. Things run' 'smoothly
and well. .The girls have a ¦ queer; way of
getting rid of bad : thoughts^and words
if they have them. If they call some jorie
a "pie f ace,". /."hatchet ' 'face 1 '; or /"black
maria" they seem, satisfied /and; as they
call these,endearir.g'riames to. their faces
there is. no harm. done. and it certainly Is
ii good method of avoiding real difficulty.
But to get back to the "''first ; parior.^
Ursula was its name. Her, .formal debut
was rnade quite, an occasion..' "The ;Ka-'
tlve Sons presented her with; a complete
get of regalia and'-between' refreshments
and all'-' the" festive -accessories ; which go.
to' make such, an affair enjoyable /made
speeches, telling us how, delighted they
weie to. have a.side issue." They changed
tlieir rninds completely. . No woman Cpu'.d
have done it'inore gracefully. .¦/./'
., We r were but formally launched when I
was called upon to install Minerva/Par
lor No. 2. in the Mission. Fan 'Francisco.
Our success had been eommente-.l.. and di
lated upov) >o much" that other native
horn daughters wanted to join us and
swell" the ranks. /'••) . . • ¦ ;;. j£ //
This second parlor came into", existence
with fifty-four: members, and its first of
¦<¦ . ' ' ' '¦ '. '•'¦ ' ..Si
¦ ' ¦'• ¦¦"'¦.*•¦¦¦*' - ' ' . V , '" ¦ " . ,
.-ficers were, installed ori March "10. Alta
•/Parlor No. 3 of San Francisco was also
! ready. for installation by this time and
i had fully. 240 members: They were in
stalled March 12 by ihe trio that* usually
¦ did ;the .'work— $lrs. Amy \Badere, ;my dis
••;ter and mjsc'l, */./ '; /
• :• The' Santa /Rosa, parlor came. next with
'forty; members, anrl others followed : in
: quick, succession. You can imagine. how
much' we had grown when I tell you that
the . State; demanded four 'deputies. Again
some idea . of the rapidity, of the organ
ization, may. »be gained when" you know
that.. within -"four months after the start
.of ; the\ first . parlor there were seventeen
ready.it> form the. Grand. Parlor^, which
convened in San Francisco' July 25, 1S87.
.-.Wehad our meeting Pioneer Hall,
: .and ¦•thirtjwiine delegates^ were" present.
<- What' a . ( tirhe we hadlr The very, newness
• of j\. the •; thing lent .Lenehantrrient and
Everything that we JLid was a
great pleasure and no trouble whatsoever.
If that-spirit only' could remain with' us
/always we would be a much stronger
'lodge; and our interests would be infinitely
• _bett»r : looked afl.Cr. . ¦ ¦ - - % |
; But. we;, have grown, arid prospered ex
ceeclingiy. .Even at that -(time our mem
. bership was very close to 1000. It now
.. clones over 5WK). Then we were struggling
( and . trying to get on our feet, now we
-hope to be able to/put others oh. their feet
• and to be of Hofrie material use to our
/State. * ¦ ; . ' ¦' • '- ; ¦ /
''¦••. *-¦
In 1£?5 it was voted that "the Grand
Parlor shall De composed of paet grand
presidents," -the founder, Miss Lilly O.
Reich ling, and the past grand secretary,
qeorgie C. Ryan, retaining continuous
membership in the order, all grand offi
cers of the expiring* terms and all dele
gates duly elected by the various subordi
nate parlors."
So you see the Grand Parlor duly
recognized me as the founder, and . they
¦were extremely courteous to me and Miss
Ryan. , - . %
Then in/% they gave me a voice and a
vote. One funny thins happened about
the Grand Lodge. When the delegates
were being elected for the first Grand
Parlor spme of the ladies said plainly
that I. was too young to be sent. They
thought some one wiser and more de
liberate should be chosen to Kelp, the first
executive body. Even when a friend of
mine laughingly remarked that if I was
old enough to set such a ball rolling, I
certainly knew enough to give it a good
push in the' right direction, my elders
were firm and carried the day. I didn't
go then, but later when I had . gained
wisdom with years.
My sole ambition now is to do' some-'
thing to help the State as well as to per
petuate the order. Now thaY things are
swinging fairly well, I have been con
centrating all my energies on one object.
That is' trying to make the girls see what
a big benefit it would be if we could buy
up all the State's historical landmarks
and all the ancient documents and pre
serve them from vandalism. It seems
that< such a measure would be of in
estimable service to us alT;
At the last Grand Parlor I presented a
resolution that ought to assist us very
materially in this line of work. I will
quote it exactly: ,..
We report favorably on resolution Introduced
by Lilly O. Reichltng relating to historical
landmarks, etc.: . '.-.;
Whereas, It is apparent that, many historical
landmarks in the State of California are fall
ing Into decay, suffering at the hands of van
dals or giving . way to the march of "im
provement"; apd whereas, it is believed that
many relics and documents of historical value
exist which are held In light appreciation by
their possessors; and whereas, it is the sense
of this Grand. Parlor, that such landmarks,
when practicable. . should be preserved and
their ; historical value made • public, ' and" -Jthat
the relics, documents and other scattered arti
cles of, historical value should be- gathered-to
¦pether and. preserved "for the 'benefit p of : the
State arid its people, and as it is a just and
becoming: task for a patriotic organization like
the Native Daughters of the Golden "West to
undertake the work of searching for, preserv
ing:, and perpetuating such landmarks and
gathering together, all such . historical docu
ments and reltes as arp not already set apart
fn the archives of the State or In museums or
other repositories accessible to the public;
therefore be it ":
. Resolved. That preliminary to the work of
such preservation and collection the Grand
President is hereby . authorized - to appoint a
Keneral committee of not less than three, which
committee shall proceed at onre, upon its ap
pointment, to communicate with the subordi
nate parlors with a. view to securing informa
tion concerning: the location, character, owner
ship, condition and value of such articles or
¦¦*• ' *. •¦ ' ' '- •'<- ' '
straightway wanted to. proffer. assistance
and have, if iiot the lion's share, a good
part of it.
Curtis H. Lindley gave us invaluable
aid in writing the constitution,; by-laws,
and the ritual to further facilitate organ
ization. Mr. Wndley presided by request
at cur second meeting. The charter offi
cers wore elected and then as there must
be a past president I was chesen to act'
in that capacity. Those selected, to/ act
with me were: Mrs. Tina : L. Kand,
president;. Mrs. Hatlie L.'. Freeman, -first
vice president*; Mrs. Mollic Folgcr, "sec-,
or.d vice president; Mrs. Lizzie M. Lind
ley, third vice president: Maggie Stasal, '
recording secretary; Mrs. Amy Badeie,;
iinarc:al secretary; Flora Dunning, mar
shal: Kittle Murray, treasurer; Agnes
Leonard, inside sentinel; . Rose Stasal,
outside sentinel. . : - ;
These were _ the first officers, and ; I
doubt if a third of the active members
have the faintest idea what any of their
names are.
And then we were kept busy from that
time until March concentrating all our
efforts on establishing a secret Viciety.
Wilb a bevy of. ladies all suggesting and
advising it is difficult to arrive at a defi
nite conclusion in a hurry. Even then
Mr. Lindley wrote"our rilual and we tuseJ
it fcr eight years steadily. . ;.
That ritual, by the way, was a bone of
contention in the lodge for a long Mima.
Some of the bright shining lights im
agined that they were brilliant enough
to write a ritual of their own. They fan
cied that the "Old- Judge Linuk-y" ritual
was about worn out, and besides they
wanted to be original. Well, they found
out that to' be original was extremely
trying ilnd diflicult work-; After a long, 1
hard struggle ' they finally- had to
acknowledge themselves well beaten.
The work of the Judge was plenty good
enough for a'l of us. . ;
Four years after that timg one of our
members suddenly sprung a ritual uu us
that was a clever surprise, and that
pleased us mightily. That, woman \yad
Mrs., Minnie Gunzendorler, and since
that time the old ritual has been laid
abide and htw used constantly and weli.
So that proved that women have as much
brains, as much executive . ability anJ
know as much about parliamentary laws
as do the men. >>''!¦- -"
And parliamentary law reminds me of
something. The Native* Daughters pride
thcmselvts on- knowing -the ruiesjtluit are
laid * down in that little brown booK,
backward. They can reel them off by the
yard and take pleasure in doing it in the
bargain.; .-. ¦
Once in a while during a session Mrs. A.
proposes a certain mot.on and then to
show wherein it will prove a distinct ad
vantage to everybody concerned brings
all her knowledge to bear on the point.
Of course that is merely to make it per
fectly clear and comptehensive, you un
derstand. If Mrs." B. does not like the
idea she will stand forth, and oppose the
amendments right heartily. ., She, in turn,
.will try and outdo her neighbor's exten
sive knowledge in the House of : Parlia
ment's by-laws and, if she is clever,
things will suddenly veer her way.
There is a battle royal on. In a very
lartdm&rKs above mentioned: and be It further
Resolved. That the general committee herein
provided for shall submit to the next Grand
Parlor a plan for utilizing the information it
may acquire: and be it further
Resolved. That the Grand Parlor recognizes
the value of the historical research carried on
by various persons and societies, and that it
is at all times willing to co-operate with such
societies and individuals; and it Is hereby or
dered that copies of these resolutions be sent
to all known organizations of this character
and to the press, the co-operation and support
of which ia earnestly desired and requested.
ULW O. REICHLING,
BELLE W. CONRAD.
ELIZA D. KEITH.
The task looks too large to some of us
and* our funds are too low to enable us
to buy many of the valuable relics, but
I do know of one way -that our tradi
tions, at least, could be' kept fresh and
new.-.
If .we could collect a series of stories
and myths concerning the early days
and have them printed and introduced
into our public schools as readers, it
would do more to keep the memory of
early California alive than anything that
I can now think of. At the same time
the expense would be comparatively lit
tle, and one of our chief objects ob
tained.
You know, one of our main principles
is patriotism, that and the desire to be
of some help to those people who noe-1
assistance, and there are plenty of them
in this old world of ours."
Our new president asked us to take for
our motto, "Do right." She furthermore
told us that "Words are little things, but
they strike hard. "We utter them so eas
ily that we are apt to forget their hid
den power." She urgently asked us to
follow her rule. "Women are . prone to
find out that "power and use it as they
see fit. and it is not always in the best
and wisest way. 1 : •~\j
Our order is a beneficiary one, but we
have not been able to pay, all the bene
fits that we would like to. This coming
year the subordinate parlors will debate
on how it will be possible to have a
uniform funeral expense throughout the
State. ' It has .already been proposed to
tax every member 10 cents, which will
permit »i paying $75 toward each funeral.
.This wilj in no wise interfere with the
regular sums paid by Individual parlors.
In that way every one will be aided and
at such a time there is always plenty of
use for money. . It la often a Godsend to
some of us.
The small tax of 10 cents will bring lu
fully $450, and as soon as the amount
falls below S3C0 the same sum will be
levied again. Last year there were only
twenty-five deaths, so you see the sum
demanded from the individual members
would be very small. We feel that ev
ery one of us can cheerfully afford to
help those who need it, for none of us
know when it will be our own turn.
When any significant movement has
been on foot that wttl aid the State we
try to be the first to offer our hearty co
operation. If we can always be the first
in the field to do good I shall feel that
my part of the , work has not been in
vain, and I shall be entirely pleased and
satisfied with it. • -
THE;-/ SUND A Yx/CAIilj^
6
How I Organized the Native
Daughters.In l©2. at the session of the Grand Par
lor of Native Daughters held in Sacra
mento, a board of relief, consisting of fif
teen members, was organized to take full
charge of a sum of money donated to the
order for charitable purposes.
Ths organization had little demand
made upon this fund, or little resources
for really discovering those In need. But
the serious illness of one or two promi
nent members, who had at one time been
In most affluent circumstances, but met
unexpected reverses, suggested to
one of the philanthropic members of the
organization the necessity of a hospital
ward.
To buy one in any of the existing hos
pitals did not seem feasible, and after
much thought and careful planning it was
decided to establish a. home for Native
Daughters. The now flourishing institu
tion on O'Farrell street is the result.
The committee selected this small and
modest home of ten rooms, but the popu
larity and usefulness of the home now
make it necessary that larger and more
commodious quarters shall soon be ob
tained.
The furnishing of the hospital ward was
the first consideration. AH modern con
veniences for the sickroom are provided.
A room that was sunny and cheerful
•was selected. The regulation white enam
el beds were set up side by side and then
all the modern conveniences for a sick
room were provided. The place really
looks like a miniature hospital, and many
times its looks do not belie it.
If any of the girls are seriously ill they
are taken in and the door swings to after
them and a trained nurse. There ; they,
are kept close prisoner until they are
absolutely well, and the very best atten
tion is given them. That room is really
the basic principle of the house. They have
found In their work that such, a place was
needed more than almost any other. -When
one is ill, poor and generally unfortunate,
such a place is indeed an earthly haven.
In order to make the home self-support
ing to some extent at least rooms were
furnished for the accommodation of any
visiting Native Daughter who might de
sire a quiet and safe home in the city.
The idea of home pervades everything.
While the girls are not restricted, still
they have many privileges of a home. If
they are hungry and tired all they, have
to do is to visit the pantry. There -they
will find those kinds of things that re
mind one of home and mother. A glass
of milk and a piece of real home-made
cake tastes so much better than anything
that one could possibly buy at a restau-
rant.
Thanks to the donations of friends, the
house is comfortably and tastefully fur
nished. • ¦'
The drawing room presents a very cozy
appearance, with its good piano and well
selected library. The guests of the home
enjoy assembling here in the evenings.
Besides that, it has the look of home
about it that has the power to keep so
many homesick giris from being blue and
lonely. It always seems easier to entei
taln one's friends if the room- is cozy,
pretty and thoroughly pleasant. Judg
ing from the merry sounds that come
from the drawing -room, it must be all
of that.
The home is not intended in any sense
to be a charitable institution, but tha
It Is hoped as the' members of 'the or
ganization of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West realize the growing use
fulness and nacessity for such an Institu
tion that each and every member will
put forth her best efforts, that they may
find the home permanently located in
large and commodious quarters of their
own.
Each day the home is visited by some
member, of the committee. Mrs. Leake
has' proved herself a. most capable and
efficient" chairman of the home commit
tee. Much of tho success of the home is
due to her untiring efforts and unselfish
devotion to every detail of the manage
ment of the home. It Is to her that they
owe the greater part of the furniture of
the home, especially the Mervyn Leako
room. Whenever anything is needed she
is always the first to assist, and it 'is
owing to her ceaseless efforts that the
home has prospered so exceedingly.
The i home committee consists of Mrs.
'H. M. Greene, San Franci3co: Dr. Mari
ana Bertola, San Francisco; Mrs. Louise
Morris, San Francisco: Mrs. J. A. Stein
bach, San Francisco; Mrs. W. S. Leake.
San . Francisco, and Miss Clara K. Wit
tenmeyer. Mills College, They meet the
first Friday of each month, when all bills
are settled in full and ways and means
are discussed for increasing the comforts
of the guests and adding to the usefulness
of the home.
The original fund has not been touched
and has slowly accumulated, now amount
ing to $2000. From time to time donations
have been received from parlors and In
dividuals of linens, books, fruits, grocer
ies, etc., which have been very acceptable
and have materially aided in reducing the
expenses of the home.
the visitors are so continually going to
places of interest that good, wholesome
food Is necessary.
The management provides plain but well
cooked and wail served meals— nothing
that a French chef would turn out- in
some 'heme where money is no .object,
but the kind of meal that an old colored
mammy would give to one who required
strength. For most of the girls who live
at the home earn their own living, and
The rate for members from contribu
ting parlors Is $18 per month, including
room.' light, fires, bath and three meals
a day. For members from non-contribu
"tins parlors the rate is $20 per month. .
This institution has certainly found a
large field -of usefulness in providing
homesTfor members from the interior,
who perhaps desire to pursue some line of
- study by which they may become self
supportfhg. Students obtain home com
. forts here at the least possible cost, and
in a number, of cases have been allowed
. to remain, at the home indefinitely until
such time as they could obtain positions,
' and pay in small sums.. During the past
year it has been the home of students of
bookkeeping, oratory, telephone, stenog
raphy and music. Four grand officers
have resided at the home . and ninety
members have been, accommodated at
various times, 3 while 600 members have
visited the home. . Friends of Native
Daughters may be accommodated at any
time when there may* be vacancies.
Girls who have lost their positions, and
-who are in need are. always sure of a
.warm 'bed and plenty to eat until they
' are able to help themselves. -And this is
v so'in the case of country girls who some
times come to the city in quest of em-*
ployment. If they fail to get It they are
cared for until something turns up in
their favor.., . • .
sick and - unfortunate are taken care - of
without cost when necessary. ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Continued from Page Five.
DRUMM ' STREET— After Lieutenant
Drumm of, the -army.:: Supposed to be the
same = person who adjutant of this
department during the "Civil -War., and
subsequently ; adjutant - general' of the
United -States army, residing at Washing
ton City. : -
DAY1S, STREET— W. . H. .Davis, a
pioneer "of 1831 and v a member- ' of "the
Ayuntamiento in 1S-J9-50. and "who .- .stilt
lives- in tnis city, says this street was
named afteri him. "¦¦"¦; •
PAGE STREET-After Robert C. Page,
a clerk to the 3oard.of Assistant Alder
man. 1 of-.- Common Councils from <* 1S51 , to
lK4..,He was afterward in. the real estate
business.*. . '
PERALTA AVENUE-After : a - native
family. ---' -
FRANKLIN 'STREET— Supposed by
some to be named after; Benjamin - Frank-
BEALE ... STREET— After Edward F.
Beale, a lieutenant in the. navy. He lived
many jyears ' in the southern - part- of : the
State. '.-."Vv as' one time United States Sur
veyor General for California- Was after
ward United' States Minister, to Austria,
or some other European . court. .-¦,¦
:'- SPEAR STREET— After Nathan Spear,
who moved from Monterey to San Fran
cisco as a merchant about 1S41. : •
• BATTERY STREET— The Federal Gov
ernment once made a reservation at North
Point and- established a battery there,
.which fact gave the name to this street. 1
The reservation was subsequently aban
:dbned.. ~~ '. " ' - * ¦ ¦
.ness i man of. -Boston - or New. York j t.ian
San Francisco.. : ' . ¦ ;; r- • :
:. STEUART- STREET— After Colonel Wil
liam "Spruce ' Steuart.v a- member of the
'Ayuntamiento for a . short .tirne: in -18-I9. 1 ;¦ .
j STEINER STREET— Supposed tog be
after a business man of that 'name. - -
••¦• SANCHEZ STREET— After -. Francisco
Sanchez. anAlcaide in 1843. ; V : > :-- -
; ; SCOTT— After ''General Scott.
! commander, in I chief • of :.the.. : United ¦ States
' arm" y ' during ; the . Mex lean . War ' and t no
last candidate of the Whig party, for Pres
ident of the United* States. - ; - -.•
• i SANSOME STREET— Aiter-a 1 merchant
"who. seezns.to have, been more of.a.busi-
.,was connected with- hinv.in business, was
for a time a notary. . • •
TURK STREET— After ~ Frank 'Turk, a
native of - Ne, w .York; lawyer, second. Al
calde. . Secretary of Ayuntamlento, Clerk
of Councils and later a notary public. "A
welt-known citizen of early times.
'TREAT AVENUE— After George Treat,
an early settler on the-Treat tract in that
neighborhood. ' , : •
1 STEVENSON- STREET— After ' Colonel
.Jonathan D.- Stevenson. -His was the nrst
regiment' that landed In . San Francisco
•during/ the -Mexican v»ar.- It was recruit
.ed in ;New. York City. Many of its mem
bers became "well-known citizens, some
stilt Irving: here. Stevenson practiced law
here for many years, was one .time Ship
;ping Commissioner and later notary pub
lic. 'He was over 80 years of age when he
died." He landed In San Francisco March
6, 1847. - K ¦ ; •-• . / --" ' ¦ '*¦..¦ : - ¦'¦ '¦ ¦
. -BUSH "STREET— Possibly after. Dr.
Bush, a well-known "physician of \ early
'times.;- "••¦- I ¦'-.¦' ->.¦'.'• :- --. ¦"'. ...¦¦;•: :;>,*¦¦•.-
STOCKTON STREET— After Commo
dore Richard F. Stockton of the United
States navy. The. United States flag was
raised at Monterey July 7, 1846.. Stockton
arrived at Monterey August 15, 184C, and
assumed command, a3 successor of Com
modore Sloat, of all the United States
forces on shore as well as at sea. On the
22d of August, 1846, he issued a proclama
tion as military commander and Governor,
declaring California to be a part of the
United States, and ordering an election
for Alcaldes and municipal officers where
such existed, to take place September 15,
1&46. As naval officer he was succeeded by
Commodore; Sttubrick and on land by
General Stephen W. Kearny. He was a
native of New Jersey.
POWELL. STREET— Said to be named
after Doctor Powell of the United States
sloop of war Warren, Captain Hull.
JONES STREET— Doctor Elbert P.
Jones was editor of the California Star,
the pioneer newspaper of San Francisco,
issued January 7, 1847. He was a member
of the Town. Council in 1847. It is be-
DUPONT STREET— After Commodore
Samuel F. DuPont of the United States
navy.
BRENHAM PLACE— After Charles J.
Brenham of the pioneer firm of Sanders &
Brenham. He was elected Mayor of the
city November 2, 1852. .
ner of California and Montgomery streets.
Streets of San Francisco.
lieved this street was named after him.
LARKIN STREET— This street 'was
named after Thomas O. Larkin, who came
to California in 1S36 and was the United
States- Consul at Monterey when the
United States forces took possession. He
was a member of the Ayuntamiento, or
Town Council, of this city, being elected
thereto December 27, 1S48. lie was'also a
member of the convention that framed the
first constitution of the State in Septem
ber, lfili?. He was one of the founders of
the town of Benicia. He lived. many years
.with his family on Stockton street, near
Pacific, in one of a row, of three houses
he built there. . , - ¦•
O'FARRELL STREET— After | Jasper
O'Farrell.'a civil engineer,' who madelthe
first survey of the city "under United
States authority, and mapped the streets
and laid . out . the plan • of - the -" fifty and
; most of the hundred vara lots. w
MERCHANT -STREET— After an early
time business man of that name;*- < '
• SUTTER STREET-^After General John
A. Sutter, a pioneer settler of j 1839 in the
Sacramento Valley, where, he built a fort.
He gave relief and welcomed the immi
grants across the plains with open handed
hospitality. % He' rescued 'the Donner party
in 1S47. It was while engaged in digging
a millrace for him that James W. Mar
shall discovered | the* first gold in 1848.
Sutter County .was also named after him.
Making and Naming of
BRANNAN STREET— Was named after
Samuel Brannan. a native of Maine, who
came to San Francisco in 1S46. By trade
he was a printer, and on January 9/1847,
ht issued the first number of the "Califor
nia Star, the first newspaper ever* pub
lished in San Francisco. He was & very
active, enterprising and influential citizen,
a large real estate owner, and at one time
considered to be a very wealthy man. One
eeveral of the first fine buildings erect
,«-d In the city was one erected by him and
• ecently torn down to make place for-Al-
X'inza Ha.y ward's new building at the cat-
Broderick. a native of Washington. D. C.
Once State Senator, and afterward United
States Senator. While holding the latter
office a duel between him and David S.
Terry, at that time Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the State, took place,
and resulted in the death of Broderick.
At one time for a short period he con
trolled the politics of the State, securing
his own election to the United States
Senate, and dictating the election of his
colleague.
BRODERICK STREET— After David C.
BARTLETT STREET— After Washing
ton Bartlett. president of the San Fran
cisco Homestead Union, and who was
eeveral times elected County Clerk, was
also Mayor of the city and afterward
Governor of the State. He died while hold
ing the latter office. He was a native of
Gtcrgia.
ties. He was a general in the army dur
ing the Civil War.
1 In. but probably after Sellm Franklin, a
pioneer merchant, or Dr. E. C. Franklin.
a pioneer. - . ¦-
GOUGH J STREET— After Charles H.
Gough, a pioneer and member of the
Board of Aldermen of Common Councils
in 1SS5. Horace Hawes. C. H. Gough and
'Michael Hayes were authorized to lay
out the -streets in the -Western Addition.
There were two brothers of the Goughs,
Charley and Harry, who were twins. It
was not easy to tell one from the other.
They were contractors. Another brother,
Thomas (lough, was a lawyer and "once
- District Attorney of San Mateo County,
At one time he was a partner of Tully R.
Wise, under the firm name of Wise &
Cough.,, in the practice of the law.
Another brother. Dorsey. was ¦ also a.
lawver and\w-is a Deputy County Clerk
under Thomas Reynolds. They were
natives of Maryland. Thomas and Dorsey
were graduates of Dickinson College.
GREEN' STREET— After Talbot H.
Green." who -was elected a member of. the
Ayuntamlento, or^Town Council, August,
1S49.. ¦ • /
LAGUNA STREET— After a lake which
once existed near its northern end. about
half a mile south of Black Point, and
"which was. known ag- Washerwomen's
Lagoon, 7 where in early times most of the
washing ofHhe people of the city was
done by -women of various nationalities
-and Chinamen. ••• •
LYON STREET— Was named after Gen
eral Lyon, wli). early in tee Civil War.
fell in Missouri while bravely leading his
troops.
: CORBETT AVENUE— Formerly Cor
bett road, was named after a pioneer
family in that 'neighborhood. John C.
Corbett. a son. was Deputy County Clerk
under Thomas Hayes in 1S35-56, and still
lives In that locality. •
SAMUEL Lu LUPTON.
. i was a member of the State convention
Miat framed the first State constitution in
1S49. Hedied. in the town of Liditz, Lan
caster County, Pennsylvania, having lost
his wealth. *
VERMEHR PLACE— After the Rev.
Dr. Ver Mehr. a. pioneer Episcopal min
ister." ' v
POST STREET-After Gabriel B. Post,
a very prominent and influential mer
chant in' the fifties and later. He was
¦elected a member of the Ayuntamlento,
.or Town Council, August 1, 1S49. In his
; time he was one of the leaders in public
¦ movements.
'• ¦¦¦ BRYANT^STPKKT— Aftor Edwin Bry
"jf-ntl a pfonee£-.£f 1846. He came across the
' jWiiiiT ironv,Inuepen«lenee, Missouri, and
.; joined ' Fremont's 1 ..- volunteers. He was the
:.' successor* of " Washington A. Bartlett as
:. Alcalde,. by, appointment February 22. 1847.
'; TOWNSENDSTREET— After Dr. John
. TowtiKend,.. who 'was elected a member
'and 1 "president of the Ayuntamiento/ or
".Town Council,. December 27, 1S48.
. _;CAPP '; STREET- Alter C. S. Capp, the
rcafestate agent; one time Deputy 'County
Clerk. He was secretary of the San Fran
: Cisco' Homestead Union, the first home
stead association formeu in this city.\The
• street- runs -through the lands of the as-
Kociatioii. He is a native of Philadelphia
and a. pioneer of 1S49. .
, SHOT WELL.. STREET— After J. M.
Shotwell,, once cashier of Alsop & Co.'s
Bank and ' secretary of the Merchants'-
Exchange. He was treasurer of the San
Francisco Homestead, Union.- ; . .
> SIIRADER STREET-Aftcr A: ¦J:\Shra
der.'a Supervisor from 1SG5 to 1S73.
¦ STANYAN— After Charles H. Stanyan,
- a Supervisor from 1S6« to .1869. . -.'¦
MASON STREET— After General Rich
ard B. Mason, one time -colonel . of.- the
First' United" States Dragoons.^ He. com
manded the ,-Uiiited States troops in Cali
. forma; during *a. portion of the Mexican
War. May' 3, USiT,".. he became, the 'fourth
Jnilltary.-. Governor \ of California^ while
. General .H." W. Halteck. then a captain,/
; became Secretary of : State under him.
EDDY :•: STREET-After William M.
.Eddy." who was elected. City Surveyor by
he Ayuntaini^nto:' or Town Council, in
£50. . He completed the survey of the
?ity between Larkin" and Ninth streets
'. • \nd the . b ty.
• ELLIS "STREET— After A. J. Ellis, a
prominent business" 1 - man 'for many years.
tie was a member of the Ayuntamiento.
' ir'Town Council.' 'of 18-19-50,' and a mem
'- »cr of ..' the .convention that framed the
.,'¦ state. coiUjtitutionln-September. 1843,: and
-.'-'•nee ' a member of : the State Legislature.
LiLUXOME STREET-Aftcr isaae G.
Bluxome. a well known and popular bu'sl
:¦ \ers man of -early.' times. '.
BAKER. STREET— After E. D.. Baker,
who was a colonel iii the Mexican War.
He was from HHriolsAfrom which State he
had , been '.' Congressman:- He f practiced
l-w, Iii 1 ! this. city, for many years .and, was
'afterward elected United States Senator
!rom Oregon: 'An. .eloquent: man; .he de
: Mvered the Broderick funeral oration. He
.; vas killed at Balls Bluff during the Civil.'
rVar, .while; holding a. -commission . as
major general in the "army, although at
the v time he was a United States Senator,
..the, Senate having adjourned, for the
session. He 1 is buried in' Laurel ! Hill
Cemetery. ¦'<•- : •¦', ¦¦- ¦¦•- ¦-¦-.- v» .= - - !
McAllister street— After the Mc-
Allister family, of which Ha.i McAllister,
.the distinguished lawyer, was a member
•' His father. -M. Hall McAllister; tfas tne
first United States Circuit Judge of : this
city, and his brother, gutler McAllister,
the, first clerk of the United States Cir
cuit Court and afterward a. partner' of
Hall in practicing law. Another brother
'was F.- Marion McAllister; ah ; Episcopal
minister, who. had a church -.about.- forty
years ago south of Market I street, near
Third- Another: brother; Julian: McAllis
ter,' was a. major, in.;the United States
'army, ordnance department," knd - during
. the Civil: War; was stationed at Benicia
Barracks. Ward ' McAllister, .another
brother, left San Francisco and 'became
well known to the "four hundred" of New
York City; ' : .•-¦'-? . \ «. "'.
HAYES STREET— After Thomas Hayes,
who was County, Clerk from/ 1853 to 1S5S,
when the fees : Went to the Clerk and trie
office was supposed to be worth $25,000 or
more per annum. ; Under; the .Van Ness
ordinance hebecame the. owner of. a large,
tract of . land ; known as .Hayes Valley,
through which this "street ran.
¦ NCTEV STREET— After Jose . ; 'de> Jesus
-,Noe, an Alcalde- at the. Mission in 1842. '¦..¦¦
WEBB -.'¦ STREET— After - S. P. ¦ Webb;
Mayor of thecltvin 1854. " -'.<¦ . ; ~-i r !, u- -• .•
' * , GUERRERO . STREET-After Frartc's
. CO 'Guerrero, .who was; born at the "Mis- ;
ision Dolores 'andwae -Alcalde In
1840-42..- -¦:'-.:¦ ¦''¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦;•¦¦:¦¦'.: •:.•• •¦.-..'-¦¦
• DE-HARO: STREET— After -Francisco
de Haro, once an; Alcalde. - :• -*.•;..¦
.'. CASTRO STREET-After "Jose .Castro,
once a prefect of this district.".-. ¦¦'¦¦ -_-¦ (?:•.;
VALENCIA''. STREET— After ja : native
family living In that neighborhood.
1: WALLER. STREET— After R.r Hi - Wal
ler, a lawyer of early, times, elected City'
Recorder (Police Judge) in 1851, and also
In 1854. His- nephew, George -Waller, who
THE home of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West Is an institu
tion that has been in existence, but
two and a half years, but !n . that
short time has fully demonstrated
the large field of usefulness opened in this
line of work.
7
Native Daughters and their HomeAh! those were good old times. 1
almcst wish I Were back again on the
line instead of in this office, only now
the mail clerks have, such strictly ad
vanced methods to * work under that it
isn't such a snap as it used to be.:
,' \ JACK HARPER.
Accidents and hold-ups? Well, no. I
think I was exceptionally fortunate re
garding them. I 'never was on a train
that'met with an accident. One or two
switches had been left open, but no
wreckage or disturbance to speak of. As
to hold-ups, my mail car was always on
the train which passed just before or
just after the one held up, until on my
wedding tour; going and returning the
bandits Waylaid us, but with no serious
results. ' OS;
There would be a violin with its neck
broken; a box with a bonnet tumbling
out; then boxes of candy all falling to
pieces. Once I picked up a box of home
made butterscotch. It was all. untied, and
after taking a taste I laid it aside, think
ing I might get time to wrap it more se
curely and send it on its way. But in the
hurry, and bustle the corner of the box
grt-w larger and the contents grew
smaller. It was too much temptation for
hard .working men to resist, and besides
it" tasted so good.
' Talk about wasted 'mail! Great good
ness! You can't begin to imagine the
loads upon loads of stuff that never
reached its destination, especially at
Christmas time. Things poorly wrapped
up, not properly addressed or lack of
postage. At Christmas the boxes of
stuff that people sent, from Maine to
California, would half the time be
thrown away.
out. It wasn't as it is now, where there
are several men in a car and you can
change off occasionally and see something
of the places you go to. • ¦ .
You see, I had a rather lonely time
of it on the trips, for I had my mail car
all. to- myself and had to stay with it.
There were places where the scenery was
so magnificent that if you were a man
with the least bit of romance about you
you would sit there in your car smok
ing, your pipe and | looking, at the long
ridge of mountains, ; imagining some of
the most beautiful air castles that your
mind was capable of conceiving. " Then
there were times when the long, dusty,
hot' ride Was anything but agreeable and
rest at night dreadfully broken. The en
gineer used to make that engine give
such , a piercing shriek ;to make me Wake
up at the stations where. I had to throw
off the mail that I would Jump out of
my bunk with! a bound. In my mail car
I ; had my kitchen, sleeping and working
apartments all . nicely arranged, and it
was a case of live there day In and day
would surely have seen that something
was ' up. ' But no, we didn't suspect a
thing until they, commenced to throw
dice, and after asking us to take part, one
desperate looking fellow began- to edge
our way. Then it suddenly dawned upon
me what they were up to. By this time
the place had become quite full, so, buy
ing some cigars, saying we had heard
them highly spoken of, we watched our
chance and made a break for the door.
Our only fear was that the door would be
closed and there we would be with the
most desperate looking men one could fall
in with. ¦ I tell you we didn't feel safe
till we crossed that bridge and were on
the American side. The Custom-house
officer said if he had known where we
were going he would have warned us
against the Mexican "bunko steerers." It
was but a few years after that the Chief
of Police of San Francisco and a. fellow
officer while down there were beaten ( and
rbbbed in the very place where we had
been that day.
The road was next extended to El Paso,
and it was here that I had an. experience
that taught me not to trust every one 1
met. El Paso stands on the American
side of the Rio Grande, and . just across
the bridge on the Mexican side Is Paso del
Norte. We had several hours to wait.
While stopping here I picked up a young
fellow and we crossed 'the bridge. After
we had been looking, about some time a
man. came up £iid "asked us if we didn't
want to' see a cock fight. Of course we
were in for sights and went with him.
He looked; like a tourist and said ; hehad
just come from. the City of Mexheo. We
followed him into a long adobe building,
where he first led. the way to a bar. He
called for drinks and cigars, making him
self very' agreeable meanwhile. The bar
tender was . an awful looking Mexican,
one who would cut .your : throat for 10
cents. If we nadn't been so" green'. w«
The houses at Yurn«*were of, adobe and
the people slept In the> dooryards or on
the. flat roofs. At one time my run ex
tended; only to Yuma, and while waiting
for the return trip It 'was Interesting to
watch the Indians. Being In the habit
of cooking^my own meals in the mail' car
and having run out of milk, I hailed an
Indian boy who was passing with a huge
jar on his shoulder. I held up several
very tempting bunches of grapes. He un
derstood, and hastily looking up and down
to make sure that none of his customers
were about, he gave me a very generous
can of milk. Of course, some of his cus
tomers were forgotten that morning.
e^en the iron on the inside of my mail
car would be blazing hot from the dread
ful heat.
It wasn't long before my route extended
to Demlng, N. M., 1203 miles from San
Francisco, and we made three round trips
a month, taking seven days for a trip.
Hot! My! but the hottest place we ever
struck Was at Yuma, Ariz., on the Colo
rado River. Before = reaching Yuma we
passed through the 1 Colorado/desert, 250
feet below the level of the sea. Before
entering the desert a huge, water car had
to be attached to > the engine. ¦-- At times
There was one place where we railroad
men always fared weir and at no expense
to ourselves. This was at the old land
mark at Merced, the Capltan, the place
for getting off and connecting with the
stages 'for Yosemite. It was a large,
handsome hotel and they always set free
lunches for the'railroad men. Thl3 was
done to attract the attention of the pas
sengers in order that they would patron
ize the place. * ,
The next extension of the road was to
Los Angeles, the first train entering that
city from the north In July, 1876. Trains
had been coming Into the city previous to
that time, however, from Colton, sixty
miles south. Of course, by this time the
mixed train had been abolished; it was
now a through passer.ger.
Within a few months the line was ex
tended to Callente, which became a boom-
Ing town In a very short time, as the men
working in the Tehachapi Pass soon
turned It into a gambling place.
dled with bullets; whether they were
tramps or professional hold-ups I could
not tell. I decided to run the risk of sig
naling to the engineer to stop, which was
done. They proved to be tramps and were
speedily dropped.
Once, when we were on a run south—
I cannot forget the night— I was sitting
there sorting out the mail , for' the next
stopping place. I happened to glance up
at the little skylight and, there were three
pairs of eyes peering down on me. It had
the most startling -effect imaginable
alone in the car, no weapon in reach from
where 1 sat, I fully expected to be rid-
Talk about safety! ,A mail car was very
poorly protected — nothing in comparison
to its protection to-day— and the life' of
the mall clerk was a( the mercy of any
one, boxed in his car alone as he always
was.
We also traveled with mixed trains,
part passenger, part freight, with the mail
car at the rear and dust — whoo! I- can
taste it yet. The fastest time we made
was from eighteen to twenty miles an
hour, the freight causing many annoying
stops.
By the way, let me say, regarding the
mode of travel, that Is, time, equipment
of cars, etc., things were in a very 'crude
state. The cars had flat roofs and the
only method of ventilation was a very
small opening or skylight,' and the abomi
nable oil lamps smoked you out by morn
ing.
When I first went on? Well, let
me see. My first run was in "74. Starting
frpm Stockton, California, and extending
within four miles of Bakersfield, that be
ing the extent of the railway; from there
the mall was carried by stage to Los An
geles.
yES, I am an old-timer in the United
States Railway Mail Service, and
many a queer time we had on the
line, too.. :
Soda Lake, on the Mojave Desert. Her*
-was a station guarded by Higgtns and
Sutton. This station was on the most
traveled wagon road to Ivanpaugh, where
very rich silver mines were being worked.
Ivanpaush was also an Indian center and
headquarters.
The station at Soda Lake* netted a largo,
sum each month to those in charge, and
Higgins and Sutton coined money. It was
their expressed determination never to
leave the station in spite of some Indian
fights, but at last came an adventure that
frightened them into abandoning It. An
old squaw came to the station, and by
pointing to her mouth and doubling up
showed every sign of agony from hunger,
and In this manner requested to be fed.
After receiving a supply of food she left
silently in Indian fashion. Nothing was
seen of her for a few days. The circum
stance occasioned no suspicion until the
end of three days, when the same squaw
returned, wounded and bleeding.
They again befriended the woman, took
her in and gave her food and such medi
cal aid and care as their rude mode of
life allowed. .She soon appeared better
and began to move about their little tt&\}%
in an aimless manner. Suddenly an Ini '
stlnctive suspicion awoke In the two. Had
she been sent as a spy by the Indians to
locate their ammunition, money and
food and to estimate their power of re
sistance to an attack from the Indian
rancheria near Ivanpaugh?
This suspicion, at. "first vague, grew
from fear to almost maniacal frenzy, and
after many whispered consultations, with,
their guns by. their side, they determined
to kill the woman and close her mouth
against them forever. Accordingly the
plans were laid, and executed, but new
questions arose to complicate matters.
What was to be done with the remains?
If they were buried outside the Indiana
might find and dig them up, or they
might even now be watching the- cabin
¦'from behind some rock or cactus. In
either case if the body were carried out
of doors they would be found out and
made to suffer.
As a final resort one of them suggested
that the Interment take place underneath
the earth of the kitchen floor, and this.
Plan was finally chosen. The grave being
dug. the poor old Indian's body was rolled
in. covered up and all possible signs ob
literated; but their troubles were not at
an end. The body had scarcely been cov
ered when the fear crept upon them that
they had already been watched. The Im
agination of the two men once more pic
tured their own scalps dangling at the
belt of a Piute, while their horses were
ridden by an Indian murderer. They
were sure they saw the footprints of
many Indian moccasins at the rear of
their houses: Indian faces rose before
them; the least noise startled them, and
sleep became Impossible. At last content
ed occupation of the station was out of
the question. So early one morning they
saddled. their horses, turned their backs
on Soda Lake and set their faces^toward
Camp Cady, -where a company of soldiers
was stationed.
• Those unfortunates! who tried later to
keep- Soda Lake station have told strange
stories connected with the place-stories
of unearthly noises and groans about the
house, especially In the kitchen, and one
of these men, to-day living in the south-/
era part of the State, actually sweV-U
that the old kitchen was haunted by tAs
ghost of the murdered squaw, , jj ,
IN these days of full-fledged postmen
and express wagons it is not fair to
forget the hard workers of '43, who
paved the way for them. There was
the old Adams Company, there was
the pony express and the stage mail, and
there was Gregory's express.
A son of Pioneer Joseph W. Gregory
•was in the photographic business before
there were any photographs — when da
g-uerrotypes and ambrotypes still ob
tained. He treasures to this day a
daguerrotype of his father's express
wagon standing at the corner of Merchant
and Montgomery streets. ,«,
"That little old express wagon came j
around by way of Panama in '49," he says
proudly. "That's what my father used
to race the Adams Express with, «nd I
tell you when they got started it was nip
and tuck to see who'd be first to reach
the interior cities with the mail and news
for the papers."
He tells a story of a time when some
important Presidential news was expect
ed. It was to be carried from San Fran
cisco to Sacramento. The Adams Com
pany secured the only available boat for
the transportation of mail and express
matter up the river.
Gregory wasn't going to be beaten that
•way. He secured a small rowboat, got it
under the pier where he could converse
with the boatmen and bribed one of them
to pass the mail and express matter to
him through a hole. Having gained the
co\eted prize he made off for the capital
under the very nose of the guards and the
Adams Company's agent.
It was a hare and tortoise race. The
Adams Company, secure of their cinch,
took their time In going up the river.
Meanwhile • Gregory was hurrying for
dear life, and the outcome was that the
news was published in Sacramento next
morning while the Adams people were
Etlll progressing leisurely up the river.
Both companies took desperate chances
time and again in their haste to deliver
dispatches. There were laws against fast
riding and driving, but on missions of
that kind little heed was paid to them.
On one occasion an officer standing in the
middle of the street attempted to stop one
of Gregory's messengers, but the horse
t:r.d rider were equal to the occasion. A
eecond'e halt and the officer lay sprawled
in the dust, while horse and rider leaped
over him and sped on their way.
Poor Gregory failed through the defal
cation of trusted agents in New York
City. He was burned out. too. in both
of the big fires of the early fifties, but
still he kept on with the express business
up to V£l.
In September, 1SSS. an Innovation came
la the way of a transcontinental mail. It
was a stags ii. e connecting San Francis
co with St. Louis by way of Arizona*
Texas and Arkansas. Two stages each
week brought fresh fortune seekers and
¦the ever welcome mail. Californians be-
L'an to feel very near to the East with
eight mails a month, instead of two, a3
in the days when they had been obliged
to depend upon the steamer?;
Most famous of all the old carrier sys
tems v.as the pony express, founded two
years later— that is. In 1SG0. 'Buffalo Bill
and no end of Indian adventures served
to make history of the pony express.
It was planned to be similar in every
way to the New England bi-weekly mail
of a half-century before. It was a. horse-
back mail sen-Ice from St. Joseph, Mo.,
the most western point then reached by
the Eastern railroads. St. Joseph could
be reached in an almost direct line from
Sacramento, the distance between the
two being about 1900 miles, which at an
average rate of eight miles per hour could
be covered in ten days.
SenStor Gwin induced a company to un-
dertake the matter. Arrangements were
made for stations along the line. At each
station a fresh horse was to be ready to
start on with the mail pouch. A rider,
commonly known as "Pony Bob." rode
on one occasion. 3S0 miles, completing the
trip in a little less than schedule time,
Another rider, ; William F. Cody, after-
ward famous as "Buffalo Bill." made one
continuous trip of 384 miles, stopping only
for meals and fresh horses. There were
to be two malls a week each way, and
the number of letters was necessarily llm-
ited to not more than 200 for each.rider.
Ordinarily the number ready for the post
fell far below the limit. The expensive
method of transportation necessitated a
high rate of postage, .the charge being $5
per ounce. To diminish weight letters
were written on lightweight paper, fre-
quently tissue. - ¦ , \
After all preliminary arrangements had
been completed the pony express.left Sac-
ramento and St. Joseph at the same hour
on April 3. I860.
Mall from SL Joseph as it traveled
westward pa*ed from Tldejqfo rider by the
southern pass and Salt .Lake, reaching
Sacramento April 13. - News - of it's ap-
proach was enthusiastically received'. The
Senate and House adjourned to be ready
to welcome its arrival in Sacramento,
Just before the regular steamer sailed for
San Francisco horse and' rider and mail
pouch were placed on the boat and
shipped for San Francisco, where they
mounted the wharf at 1 o'clock on the
morning of April 14. ' .
Here they were met by a crowd with
band and torches. iThey were escorted at
the head of a", procession to the postoffice
amid music and cheers. :.
> The time was now shortened by the
pony express from twenty-one days to
ten, and this service was kept up until
superseded by transcontinental lines.
Among the requirements to equip the
pony express of yesterday were 500 horses,
190 stations, with 200 station-keepers and
eighty riders
President Buchanan's last annual mes
sage was carried from the Missouri River
to Sacramento in eight days.
Lincoln's first message was carried over
the same route In seven days and seven
teen hours, which is distinguished as be
ing the quickest transportation Of the
kind on record.
Plenty of adventures have been related
by the riders. Troubles with Indians
were frequent in the neighborhood of
THE SUNDAY -CALL.
THE FIRST RAILWAY
MAIL SERVICE IN
CALIFORNIA
8
THE
STORY
OF
GREGORY'S
EXPRESSSpecial event Xo. 2—15 flying targets; dis
tance handicap; high guns; not class shooting:
winners will have choice of prizes In the" order
of score. This will be an unlimited re-entry
race;' entrance, 75 cents for first entry and 55
cents for each subsequent re-entry thereafter;
highest score only of each contestant la this
event will be counted.
Second event— 20 flying targets; entrance $1;
K added; four moneys, 40, 30 20 and 10 per
cent.
Third event, merchandise match — 20 flylns
targets; entrance $125; class shooting.-
Special event No. 1—15 flying targets: en
trance 75 cents; high guns; not class shoot
ing. "
; MONDAY. SEPTEMBER ». 1301.
First event— 13 flying targets; entrance 75
e'ents; high guns, number of moneys to be. de
termined - by number of entries In this event.
. Third event— 20 flying targets: entrance $1;
$5 added; class shooting, four moneys, 40. 30.
20 and 10 per cent.
Fourth event, merchandise match— 20 flying
targets; entrance $1 25; class shooting.'
.Second event — 13 flying targets: entrance 73
cents; high guns, number of moneys to be de
termined by number of entries in this event.
First event— 13 flying targets: entrance. 7S
cents; class shootinsr. threo moneys.
Programme of 'Events.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1901.
each day. This means that members must
be on the 'grounds and prepared to shoot
In the first event of the club programme
no later than 9:30."
BIGGEST MERCHANDISE
SHOOT OF THIS YEAR
At Empire grounds, Alameda Point, on
September 8 and 9, the biggest merchan
dise shoot of, the year will be held' under
the auspices of the Empire Gun Club. As
the shoot is open to all and the regular
club shoot falls on the same day. special
arrangements will be made in order .to
prevent a conflict. To do this it has been
decided that the scores for the club
championship diamond medal for the day
will v als© be counted for the State cham
pionship' Yellowstone trophy and In the
money match the last twenty birds shot
at will' be counted for the Schumacher
handicap trophy. By this arrangement
the Yellowstone and Schumacher events
will.be done away with.
According to- schedule the big open
events are to begin promptly at 10 a. m.
Exports of cottonseed products from
New Orleans last year reached a value
of nearly $10,000,000, a remarkable record
for what n"bt many yean? ngo was thrown
away as a waste material.
"I'd rather have any man write about
me than to have some other woman do
It," replied the girl with the retrousse
nose.-^Chicago Tribune. «
So Would They All
. "It's easy enough to tell," remarked the
girl In the fur Jacket, "that men write the
paragraphs in the newspapers. They are
always putting in little slurs on women."
_ Coal ' to ; carry, an ocean liner across in
five and a half days cost (0600... The new
turbine engine/ passing the steam around
the fins; spirally, will give a speed of fosr
days, It Is. claimed. With oil' fuel.* coating
$4000 and leaving much more room In- the
hull • for. freight, leaving for passenKovs
the best.part of the ship now occupied by
theccal-using machinery. A trans-Atlan
tic company, has given an order for such a
ship ; to, be in service next 'year. That all
% the ;.' promises .will , be fulfilled may be
'doubted,' but jj there Is no doubt that an
era of improved ship construction has ar
rived.—Chicago Chronicle. - ...;...
Oil for Ocean Liners.
The Board on Geographic Names made
last winter a special report on Filipino
nomenclature, concerning which the chart
makers were in some confusion. The gen
eral principle of the board seems to have
been to preserve as far as possible the
pure Spanish orthography, avoiding: the
modifications wrought in the original
names by English and American misspell
ing. ' The list now, published contains
about 4000 names of towns, rivers. . bays,
capes, mountains and other geographical
features of the new Philippine posses
sions. We observe that under W then
are only two names. Washington, a cap«.
and Weyler, a pueblo or town— a some
what curious association. — New York Sax
Spelling of Philippine Names.
. The African quagga is extinct and sev
eral families of antelopes have been wiped
out of existence. Zebras are scarce; gl
raffrs.are few In number; the rhinoceros
and hippopotamus are passing fr^m view;
but the helladotherium (hitherto only
known through fossil remains found In
Greece) still roams through the forests of
Uganda. The helladotherium is of the size
of an ox; its neck is a little longer, pro
portionately, than that of a horse, the ears
are like those of the ass with silky black
fringes, the head taper-like and the nos
trils like those of the giraffe. The fore
head is a vivid red, and the neck, shoul
ders.' stomach and back a deep reddish
brown, and the hind quarters and legs are
boldy striped in purplish black and white.
— Charleston News. • ;c-;<>
Animals Becoming Extinct.
It is not unlikely that the third and
deciding' game between Young America
and Old England will be played during
the present month, either on the 15th or
22d. Each team has won one match this
season.;. .^ ¦¦ ~ ':;. A '
- It was at one time expected that the
match .against the Burns Valley cricket
ers would have lasted , two days, but so'
many ol^the players will take part In the
Admission day celebration at Lower Lake
that It was found impossible to play on
the ¦" 9th. The team from San Francisco
includes H.C. Casidy, Henry Ward Sr.,
F. J. Croll. E. G. Sloman, E. T. Longdale.
A. B. Willis, Harold B. Richardson, A. W-
Wilding, H. Brown and two others. Cas-
Idy will not return, with the team, but
will stay In Lake County for his annual
vacation! ¦ ; . ' . •
There will be no cricket during the Ad
mission holidays_ at Alameda, this va-_
cation having ; been left open by the
(schedule committee for country- matches.
On Friday afternoon a team of city crick
eters left San Francisco for Lake County.
Yesterday the' visitors played against the
Lakeport Cricket Club at Lakeport. To
day they will'play against the Burns Val
ley Crlcket'Club at Lower Lake.
CRICKET FIELD 'NOTES.
ADMISSIO D Y GOLF.
The entries for the swimming races at
Sutro Baths to-day are as follows:
50-yard dash, juveniles— C. Augustus, P.
Sunberg.'J. Bosworth, R. Burns, J. Dlxon,
H. McKenzie. C. Crist, F. Pine, S. Finni-
Ran. B. Berry, P. Bogen. D^ Chase, E.
Wells. J. Lillie. L. Cornell, T. Baker, J.
Williams, C. Schultz. C. Simpson. C.
Wryst, J.: Brltton. C. Duke, J. Mullen. F.
Paine. C. 'McCarthy, J. Dixon, A. Court
ney, A. Derks, C. Leary, P. Lockwood, R.
Herman, C. . Donovan, G. Nichols,: R.
Buckley. M. Roach, W. Bush, L. Ba'udaln,
G. Caulfield. O. Mizner.'
Diving for plates— C. Austin, W. Con
ners, J. Jackson, P. McDermid, W. Stock
ton, W. Adams, E. Kipp. F. Irving, H.
Leicken, C. Mason, E. McCIure, H. Cross,
,L. Baudain, O. Mizner. C. , Simpson, R.
Grundy, H. Pfuhl, E. Woods, O. Lowen
thal, B. Ferrfll, H. Humboldt, D. Thomp
son, J.' Dwyer, E. Egan.
100-yard race, amateurs— H. Dougherty,
W. Fisher, . P. Regan, . W. Peters, F.
Wolfe, A. Clayton, D. Scott, G. Wallace,
D. Kerwin, G. Fremont, F. Neal, • F.
Moody,. L. Hay wards, P. Rose, R. Rid
ing, E. Bell, R. Seltzer, L. Doud, A. Mar
tinez. j;> Stelljes, J. Hunt. H. Mitchell, P.
Mogan, J.Simmins, L. 'Harper, W." Gor
man, W. Welch, J. Erasmy, C. Summers,
P. Maine, J. Armacost, L. Johns! J. Schus
tro, P. Muttmer, P.Moultln, H. Seebach.
• Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
Ryan;.H. Seebach, P. Buttmer.'J. Mc-
Intyre. L. 1 , Harper, W. Summers, J. Ring
rose, F.; Clayton. L. Grueman, J. Stelljes,
J. A. Jackson, G.. Muller, H. Wilson, F.
Rltter, W. Guile, J.' Sayer, E. Winfleld,
M.Loud.O. Owens. G. Randall. G. Kel-
Golfers are becoming more active 'on
the .local links, and the committees on
tournaments will shortly Issue schedules
of contests to take place during the falfc
There will be tournaments on the. links
at Oakland; San. Rafael and San Fran
cisco to-morrow, and a large : attendance
of members Is expected at all the three
courses. The Council's cup for men of
the San. Rafael Golf' Club having been
won outright by E.'.J. McCutchen, a new
trophy has been offered under similar
conditions. The qualifying round' over
eighteen holes, medal play; of the first
competition for the- new cup will be
played to-morrow! on the Happy Valley
links. . . . \ : \ . ¦ ; . - . v
— : ¦ ? ¦ "'•'."'¦ .
HANDBALL ENTR IES.
_^5ntries for the San Francisco, handball
games to-day are: M. McDonald and P.
McKinnon vs. Jim Manlon. and M. Mc-
Neil; H. H. Lissner and J. J., Kavanaugh
vs. W. Walsh and -W. H. Sieberst; P.
Ryan and D. Connelly vs. G. B. Hay ward
and ' J. • Lawless ; J. Ward and E. J>.Swee
ne.y. vs. W. . H. Egan and . ,W. V Ward ; J.
Glynn and E. White vs. R. Regll and W,
Mitchell; JV 1 Condon and I.\ Foley^ Vs. T.
Leach and T, Lydon:J. Rlordon andW.
Fisher vs. J. Harlow and M. ; Dillon; J.
While and W. Magulre vs. J. Collins and
E. Curley; J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kllgal
lon vs. R, LInehan and R. Murphy.
The, I Malay .. language, , spoken . in : the
South' Seas,' is softer -than the Italian,
and is Bald to lie totally unlike any other
known language.- - - - '¦' -* f v % ' J^SBalBiBSI
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S. '
The coast championship tournaments of
the last two weeks have been the most
successful in every way ever held 'here.
This success is greatly due to the pres
ence of the experts from Southern Cali
fornia, both women and men. . The former
proved that they were comparatively far
superior to the latter, as they carried all
before them with little or no difficulty,
while the men had to content' themselves
with but few honors. It is a remarkable
thing that the southern women should be
bo ' far superior to the ' local women ' and
the gentlemen of the south so outclassed
by the
It was thought previous to the doubles
tournament that Bell and Braley, the
southern champions in doubles, would win
the tournament with ease. The defeat of
tho latter In fthei r first match at the
hands of McGavin and Smith, the ulti
mate winners, came as a' great surprise.
The fact that the winners had never
played together In doubles previous to the
tournament speaks well for. their individ
ual skill. The smashing of young -Mc-
Gavin on the first day^pf the doubles was
easily as good as has*ever been seen on
the coast.
Bell is a tower of strength at the net,
where his overhead work is accurate and'
exceedingly strong, but his back court
strckes' are rather weak and erratic.
Of the four southern men, Sinsabaugh
has by far the most peculiar style. - His
volleying is very quick' and hard and his
drive' is awkward but effective.
Hendricks ' la probably the most promis
ing player of the four and will undoubt
edly be heard from in the future. Bra
ley's game Is very, similar to that of
Bell, but is hardly as good. He Is-bril
liant but erratic. * f .¦ • -
The visiting women players showed
SOUTHERN TENNIS PLAYERS
AND ATTENDANT LESSON
their local sisters many new points of the
Same.
The Suttons will return next year and
defend their titles. The visit of the south
ern experts has done more for tennis than
anything that has happened in years.
ber, E. Bell, R. Soil. D. Mackel. W. Stock
ton, C." McCarthy, R. Seltzer, C. Donovan,
P. McDermid. R. Cordell. L. Doud, G.
Nichols, P. Lipman, G. Miller.
High diving for boys and tub race —
Open to all. -
because several yards separated
the two barges, and the men in the Aia
meda crew supposed that they had lost
till the judges announced that victory
was theirs. The upshot will probably be
that the Alameda and South End crews
will have a match race before the end of
the season. It is also reported that Gloss
of the Portland Rowing- Club, who won
the senior sculling race at Astoria, will
visit San Francisco to try . conclusions
with Pape. who did not visit the northern
carnival this year. The races will prob
ably take place at Belvedere.
pTF"^ HE sixth annual regatta of the
I Pacific lnterclub Yacht Associa-
J tion will take place to-morrow
ii over the usual channel course, the
yachts being divided into classes
according to their racing length. There
are classes ! for yachts having a racing
length of twenty feet or under, more
than twenty feet but not exceeding twen
ty-five feet, more than twenty-five but
not, exceeding thirty feet, -more than
thirty but not- exceeding thirty-six feet,
more than thirty-six but -not exceeding
forty- four feet, and more than forty- four
but not exceeding seventy feet. There
will also be a Bpeclal class for yawls hav
ing a racing length of thirty-six feet or
less, no allowance being made for the
rig.
The yachts will cross the line to a one
gun start in each class. The first yacht
in each class will win a silver cup, a
pennant and a certificate . of merit, while
the second yacht in each class will re-
celve a pennant and a parchment. 1 The
silver cup in' the twenty-foot class will be
presented by.i.Herbert E. Law, . an .¦ ex
commodore of the Pacific Yacht. Club,. and
the trophies In- all the other classes ex
cept the j seventy-foot class will be 'pro
vided 'from -the trophy fund "created 1 by
ex-Commodore \. J. My Macdonough/-;'The
twenty-footers will sail over* the special
course, the twenty-five footers and yawls
take the ."short" course, the thirty-foot
ers, thlrty-eix-footers and forty-four-foot
era over the "middle" course, while the
class which Includes the big schooners
Lurline", ' Aggie, Chispa. Ramona, White
Wings nnd Virginia, and the yawl Tra
montana, sail over the "long" course.
The starting line will be between two
stakeboats anchored off Powell Btreet
wharf, and the leeward and windward
marks will be scows set out- by the re
gatta j, committee. The committee has
adopted this year the plan of placing
tickets to its steamer on sale, the price
being 60 cents. . Photographers . will be
taken. out to the windward stakeboa't, and
must' be at, the 'wharf '.atj the {time, named
on.- the The^'speclal"' course.ls
estimated at five miles, the "short" course
at ten miles, the "middle"- courseat four
teen miles and the "long",; courseat twen- ;
ty-elght miles.; All the ; yachts must carry,
their official"; racing 1 ?': numbers -on each
side - of the . mainsail?, above~the reef
points, at an equal' distance, from' the
luff and the leach.
For some time past It* has been the
custom for the yacht clubs to put one out
side -cruise on their annual programme, 1
but usually.no boats have taken it. This
year, however, the San Francisco and
California clubs have combined to make
a cruise to Drakes Bay. The yachts ren
dezvoused at Sausallto on* Friday even-
Ing and started out about 8 o'clock yes
terday morning on the ebb tide, expect
ing to make Drakes Bay in the after
noon. To-day one or two yachts which
were unable to start yesterday will drop
out on the. ebb tide. To-day will be spent
at Drakes "'Bay , In fishing and land
sports, and to-morrow the trip home will
be^made.: The /master of the gasoline
schooner 'Ida -A. which plies between Bo
ilnas and San'-. Francisco, has undertaken
to->look. % put /for .the yachts' to-morrow,
and If. he does not see them making their
way ¦ down ' to the city, will run up to
Drakes Bay and give them a tow In.
Thus those of the yachtsmen who must
be at their desks on Tuesday morning
will be 'sure of reaching San Francisco
Mithout fail. : Captain R. L.. Eamesof the
California Yacht Club, who has made the
trip several times, says that the owners
will become enthusiastic about the cruise
when they have made it once.
The Corjnthians have no event on their
schedule for the holidays, as many of the
owners will be getting their craft ready
for the annual lnterclub- regatta, nearly
all the entries in which are from the Ti
buron Club.
ANNUAL REGATTA FOR ALL CLASSES
OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY YACHTS
y -..-.- ¦- ¦•:¦•- . • : .¦ :-.-• r ¦ ¦ ; ¦ '-<; ¦:.;._ - - -.-¦'.
SOME OF THE YOUNGSTERS THAT HAVE MADE THEIR BREEDING GOOD IN THE PRELIMINARY TRIALS TO THE GREAT . FUTURITY EVENT
WHICH IS' NOW IN ACTIVE COURSE AT UNION PARK. LEASHMEN ARE KEEPING BOTH EYES FASTENED ON THESE HOUNDS, SOME OF
WHICH WILL BE FUTURE CHAMPION RABBIT CHASERS. • '. *. " >v
The handball association la arranging
for a continuous tournament of singles,
to ; begin next Tuesday on the Berkeley
court. The tournament will be open to
all college men.
There is complete harmony among
Coaches- Simpson and Hopper, Captain
Womble, the players and the students. A
dearth of kickers Is- counted a great thing
In athletics.
The selection of L. A. W'omble as cap
tain of the team has met with the unani
mous approval of all California devotees.
Captain Womble has taken the place
made vacant by "Warren Smith— the great
"Locomotive" — whose name was dropped
from the university^ rolls on account of
his being in arrears In studies. Womb!*"
has played three years for California and
has been on two winning teams. This
year will be his last. For speed, grit,
skill and generalship Captain "Wrec" is
one of the foremost end players in Amer
ica. His knowledge of the gam§ makes
him an exceedingly useful man en the
gridiron In bringing the new material Into
shape. -
Altogether eisht of the old varsity men
will be on the gridiron as candidates f or^
the places they held a year ago. They
are Captain Womble, Orvall Overall. John
More, Harry Hudson, Ernest Duden, P.
.T. Clay, Sam Stowe and^TV. B. Albertson.
These are strong men and should im
prove play th»s year. California's pros
pects have brightened considerably with
such men back In the harness. Thw new
men who are struggling for varsity hon
ors are showing up well, but it is too
early to pick with certainty the individual
stars. y^cl-d'-l ¦ :
The week hasjbeen spent in getting the
men in condition -for the heavy work to
come. The men have been divided Into
groups, acording to the positions they
have played or wish to play, for a gen
eral tryout. After viewing their work
the coaches will select the best men to
make up the first and second elevens, and
'will also choose a freslcmen team from
the new offering. From time to time
positions will be changed and other men
substituted In the elevens, so that of *the
material available the very best will rep
resent California against Stanford. Every
opportunity possible wJH be given each
man to prove his worth. The coaches
and captain are determined on this point,
and every known test of strength and
skill will be exercised, so that no mistake
will be possible.
BERKELEY, Sept. 7.— If student Inter
est may"be counted for anything the Uni
versity of California football work has
begun under auspicious conditions. Even
the preliminary practice to date, ordinar
ily uninteresting from the spectators'
viewpoint, has kept the bleachers covered
with students of both sexes, and the
opening bonfire rally Tuesday night, when
th~e entire university turned out, shows
the sentiment of the student body toward
the players and the game.
Candidates Will Return to
trje Gridiron and Try for
Same Places.
Eigbt of Last Year's Varsity
BLUE AND GOLD
BEGINS SEASON
WITH FULL HOPES
If the owners who have a nomination in
the present Futurity are shedding tears
The gentleman accepted and his subject
was raturally that of coursing. He re
viewed the hlrtory of the sport- on local
fields and told how interest In the game
had increased. He had, he said, watched
onursir.jr grow from an almost unpatron-
Jzed affair to a pastime in which the
trophies and purses offered compared fa
vorabiy with the highest of other sports.
Mr. Rosseter related that while In Eu
rope on business he had arranged his
time so that he could be present at Eng
land'? great Waterloo, and that after see
ing it he had dared to hope that some
«lzy a California greyhound would be sent
to compete in the stake and win Its much
coveted first honors.
The noticeable Improvement In the class
cY>£:s now in the running has caused
many enthusiasts to believe that Mr. Roa
ster's cherished ambition may be real
ized, and at r.o distant day.
The Futurity, which is being run to
day at Union Park, has on Its list ot en
tries a great collection of puppies, many
of which have already distinguished them
pelves at the game and against older per
formers of the top class.
I>eashii.«i who are advanced In cours
irg lore speak highly of the ability of
r :he new dogs asd predict that their work
:h!s reason will show a great improve
ment over that of the star performers of
laft rear.
There are many Palo Altos among the
youngsters In the big stake, and it Is
freely prognosticated that they will equal
and even surpass the present day cham-
TP\OTJL, and quite early in the season, too.
The nominations for the Futurity of
1SC2 show even finer lines of breeding, and
it is doubtful If our coursing men could
!m» made to believe that the world can
chow a better lot of greyhounds. It is
from the coursing stock of the coming
year that the pilgrimage to England will
probably take itt first seekers for honors,
and the local breeders have no fear of
the result.
:; pointed to confer with the other row
i"e and swimming clubs of the bay' as to
the advisability of forming an association
"• control the regattas and act indepen
dently of the Pacific Association of the
Asudtnr Athletic Union. The formation
f euth sn organization, to be affiliated
"1th the National Association of Amateur
'¦'ars-itifn, has been under consideration
to* eome time, and the Alameda Boat
Ctab has for three or four years been a
rr.r-mh«»r of the National Association. The
rr.atier has been brought to a head by the
high-handed manner In which the Astoria
r»j;aua was managed In this dty.
There is no desire to injure or weaken
tbm Pacific Association, which can find
plenty to do in controlling track and field
EJMgta, boxing and other branches of ath
'••t'.cs. but the oarsmen want an associa
tion which ehail concern Itself with
:- r juatic sport only. Several of the lead-
Ing members of the rowing clubs to whose
attention the matter ha« been brought are
much pleased and a meeting will soon be
bdd to consider the proposal.
In the barge races at Astoria the South
and Alamedas rowed almost a dead
J»^t, though J. P. Foley of the South
got hie oar out of the rowlock. at
«»« Urn. The finish was difficult to Judge
Th» dissatisfaction of the oarsmen with
the manner In which the San Francisco
*r<3 of the recent Astoria regatta, was
rr.a raged is still voicing itself loudly- At
the meeting of the Ariel Rowing Club last
"•''.r.<?ay night a. ommlttee of three was
Oarsmen Will Confer About
Advisability of Withdraw
ir)g prom Pacific Coast
K Association.
DISSATISFACTION
INCREASES AMONG
THE ROWING CLUBS
Tralee Boy Is bred on the name lines as
Fearless Footsteps, the twice winner of
England's classic event. He is by . Wild
Tralee, who is by St. Lawrence, out of
Imported Buenretiro, she out of Green
tick. His dam. Just Eclipse (imported), is
by celebrated Herschel. Fiery Footsteps
Is by Fabulous Fortune, who is by Her
schel and out of Fille de Feu, who is out
of Greentick. These strain^ are repre
sented by the b«st of England's cours'ngr
stock. Herschel has been bred to Green
tick bitches, but with no marked success,
but sens and grandsons have been bred to
daughters and granddaughters of Green
tick and the result has produced winners.
It is likely, though, that with the lau
rels of the rich stake to his credit the
winning owner will be only too anxious
to add the honors of a decision over the
crack unplaced youngster, and in that
event the coursing enthusiast will be
given a chance to see two great young
hounds in a match race.
To the owner of the victor that defl will
be "a nightmare If not accepted in due
time, and under existing circumstances a
refusal to accept it would stamp the chal
lenged party a poor sport.
Though Tralee Boy cannot run in the
Futurity, the challenge Is already Issued
that he can beat the winner of that event.
One trait in the youngster's make-up
that the wise ones were not slow in ac
knowledging and which Is characteristic
of hi3 stake-winning sire is his capacity
for work. Listlessllke at his first slip,
Tralee Boy improves as he goea along,
and at the finish is strong enough to lead
his opponent a good bii.
if the speedy youngster can but fulfill the
predictions made by some good Judges
who have watched als running, then In
deed will he be heralded a . champion of
champions.' Too much credit cannot toe
given the "young black dog for his vic
tory, imagine a puppy not yet 16 months
old going through a '64-dog open stake
where tried and seasoned winners were
well in. evidence!
AT the last annual banquet of the
California Coursing Committee,
¦when after-dinner speeches were
in order, J. H. Rosseter was
called upon for a few remarks.
because of the Inadvertent omission of
Tralee Boy's name from the list they are
tears of joy. The performance of the
puppy in last week's • open stake has
caused no end of favorable comment, and
LOCAL HOUNDS MAY
TRY THE WATERLOO
THE SUNDAY^ CALL.
ADMISSION DAY SPORTS
9WILLIAM H. DODSWORTH, the
general agent of the American
Express Company at Milwaukee,
Is- an ambidextrous .individual.
When he seats himself for his work lf his
ptn Is on his" right he picks it up In his
right hand and writes from left to right
like the ordinary mortal. If, however, it
is on his left side he picks it up with hia
left hand and writes from right to left; or
if he is in a hurry he will take a pen i;i
each hand and write In opposite direc
tions. The Sentinel says he has a system
of phonography which he treats In the
Eamejr.anner as he does his long hand.
WhUe'in Chicago recently he was walk-
Ing in Madison street with a friend. They
discovered a man selling patent medicines
who was wilting with both hands at the
same time, but In, the same direction, on
a -blackboard.
' "Why don't you write In opposite direc-
tlon?" inquired Mr. Dodsworth's compan
ion of the faker. . ;
"There never was but one man In tha
world who could do that." replied tha ven
der of patent nostrums, "and he lived In
New Yurk. He dieu about seven year3
aso."
"I think you are mistaken: I have a man
with mu here who can do It."
"Well. I guoss not." "
"He can all the same."
After a good deal of bantering. Mr.
Dcdsworth was imluerd to take a piece of
chalk In each hand and give an example
of his accomplishment to the astonished
faker. ..
"I'll give you JCn a week to go with me."
said the. faker, and when the offer was re
fu.vd he pleaded Ions and earnestly with
Mr. IV-dsworth to give him some lessons
In this sort of, penmanship. One of tho,
peculiarities of Mr. Dodsworth's left-hatH?
writing is that it Is .a negative, find hv'H
be reflected in a mirror to ba reaJcf^
ordinary writing-
Wrote With Both Hands at Once
Paris' New Craze of Leg Elongation
NOW that the possession of Titian
red hair has become so common as
to be no . longer remarkable or
"distingue," Parisian ladies have
ceased to dye their tresses to the required
shade. But another craze has arisen, and
to-day the one consuming desire of the
"petite Parisienne" is to add a few inches
to hor stature. For years she has been
trying to. do this by means of high heels
and those artful little contrivances. knowji
as "talonnettes," which when placed in
flo> her dainty shoes give her the benefit
of an extra centimeter. Now. thanks to
the clever discovery of a. fashionable
boulevard doctor, there is some hope "of
the diminutive fair one realizing her am
bition.
By means of an ingenious process by
•which the joints of the ankles and knees
are dally operated upon with an electric
bulb, the osseous matter at the sections of
the joints is expanded and the growth of
the bones stimulated, the consequence be
ing that the lhnbs are materially length
ened. The doctor also applies the bulb to
the spine, and he, says he is able to prove
by successful results already obtained on
patients whom he has "lengthened" that
he can add a ct-ntimeter (two-fifths of an
inch) per month during a period of six
months (1. e.. two and a half inches) to
the height of any cne submitting to his
treatment. After six months' continual
treatment the "expansion" is stopped for
a time and resumed later if necessary. :
Of course, the patient must be young
and supple, otherwise grave consequences
might follow the stretching of the Joints.
It is hardly necessary to add that the con
sulting rooms of the clever inventor -are
daily besieged by fair but dumpy ladles,
and lhat the discoverer of this new aid to
beauty is in the way of amassing a rapid
fortune.— London Dally Mall.
To this old Postofflce our city fathers
used to line up and call .^through • the
window the names that are now part and
parcel of our city; heard to-day called] by;
the conductors amid the clanging of bells
Tha ,boys, as they called .; themselves,
never ceased \o teas© -Yank about how
easily his sweetheart was consoled. .
;.: "My old pard on the Comstock lead has
gone back and told my gal I was dead,
and married her himself." > v>
s "Write home often, boys," was 'forever
after Yank'a advice. "I hadn't written
to Sal for a long time, and naturally she
believed my pard when he told her I was
dead." ' \ ,,'*'" • *
"O, D— ( It! D— it!" exclaimed a
young miner named Yank, who had driven
Into town to get his mall.
"What's the matter, Yank?" asked the
rest, looking up from their . letters.
The mail distributed, the men stood
about the square and perused their letters
from home. The quality of v the news
good or bad— could be seen from the ex
pression on their faces. 3 ¦--
The silence was often broken by ex
clamations of" surprise. '.
Crowding was prohibited, and any one
who stepped into I the line 'was dealt with
in the summary manner of the early days.
A newocmer must "take his place at the
end. '
- One businesslike ; youth* used . to rise
early and get the first place. By the time
the window was ready, to be opened he
could sell his place for $5.
"The mail will leave at the earliest
practicable time and no extraordinary
stoppage whatever will be made- until
its delivery at Independence, Missouri,
which will without doubt be the first ar T
rival of the season from California to the
United States." . ¦¦ ¦ . .
. On days when the mails arrtved anxious
miners would line-up at the windows In
rows blocks long.
anlniHls unfit for the remainder of the
journey. V,
"It is ascertained almost to a certainty
that an attempt to cross at the; present
time would prove a failure and render the
"The overland malls for tMe States will
be kept open till the last' moment of de
parture, so that the public may have the
advantage of the delay occasioned by tho
recent heavy fall of snow on the moun
tains.
¦ . The first postoffice has long since
passed into oblivion. The next one was
built In the early part of *49 and stood
at the corner of Washington and Stock
ton , streets. From here it was moved to
Second and Bryant, and now It does duty
for a sort of second story in aji old iron
shop near Townsend street, forgotten by
the crowds that used eagerly to seek its
windows for news from home or to. read a
notice like the following tacked up . in
writing: . ¦ '_ .." '
Two of the old postoffices still weather
the onward strides of civilization, tucked
away in forgotten parts of the'clty.
• ¦¦.•¦.•
At Pioneer Hall they have the piano
that was used at the Buckley minstrels.
It was brought around the Horn and was
frequently loaned by the, well known Steve
Masset, who gave concerts in '49 and '50.
•In the great fire of '50 it was thrown
out of a second - story window and suf
fered the loss of a leg, which leg cost
$50 to replace.
Three lon£ cheers were given for the
baby, which drowned its cries for a sec
ond. Then a collection was taken up for
it and after the Buckley minstrels had
packed up and departed the rough miners
stood around . the babe and its mother,
some trying to crowd $20 pieces into the
fat little fists , and some laughing 'at its
funny expressions and energetic protesta
tions.
on until the baity was removed.
"No you do.n't." shouted an old miner.
"'-We "would rather hear that baby's cry
than listen to the best show on'tarth,
wouldn't we, partners?"
"You bet."
The- management stated in stentorian
tones that the performance would not. go
Near Flood & O'Brien's the Buckley
minstrels held forth. One night when the
Interlocutor nnd the rnd men were 'ex
changing th<=ir customary jokes a baby's
cry. loud and clamorous, rose from the
back of the house. ,
One of the barkeepers who succeeded
Flood & O'Brien had an ingenious way
of making money. Under tfie scales where
the miners weighed out their gold dust
payments he placed a zinc mat which
caught the truant particles of the precious
ore. He declares that by this means and
a tight floor, especially If trembling hands
weighed out the dust, it was an easy mat
ter to pan out from 4>200.to $300 a month.
Flood & O'Brien's old clock that was
brought around the Horn still loudly ticks
as though to remind these old fellows of
the flight of time, but they shake the
fame clumsy ojd fashioned dice" in the
same box and' look at the results with the
fame indifffrer.ee as of old.
Another, whose fortunes rose ma rvll
HJ-e a skyrocket, sharp ens scissors from
doer to door.
.An old shipping: notice warns all peo
ple going, by the Isthmus to the gold dig
gings of California to take very little bag
gage. ' The rest reads as follows:
"Passengers are conveyed, with first
class accommodations, via Xew York,
where they board a vessel bound for the
Chagres River. Here passengers are
conveyed up- the Chagres River about
40 miles in canoes, where they are-trans
ferred to "the backs of mules and carried
twenty miles to Panama, where they take
passage to San Francisco in whatever
vessel they can find going."
Occasionally a pioneer, old and batter
ed as,, the Tremont Itself, will, wander
past the old house with his hands in his
empty pockets and a bland smile«on hia
lips. He looks back on the days of '49
with the leniency of a man who remem
bers his childhood pranks.
The old Tehama House, which used to
The Tremont House, looked upon San-
Francisco when it was for the most
part a city of tents, .surrounded by an
amphitheater -of sandhills. The growth
.of the cityrmade assaults on these sand
hills. They were thrown into the bay
and utilized in building -out the water
front. This change'd the geography of
San Francisco, and the Tremont no
' lo.nger stands on the promontory where
It welcomed the stranger from "the
States' via the Chwsres River and isth
mus to San Francisco. •
"has teen," which marks it distinct from
the "never uasers" that surround it.
Many of those bound for the gold dig
gings know this old' building by heart.
Many a vessel had to wait out in the
stream for a chance to land at the ona
lone wharf which stretched itsell out
into the bav.
At that time tlie Tremont House stood
Op u bold neck of land that ran out into
the bay. A similar neck of land south
..of Market street -inclosed a lagoon of tho
lV<y. v. hicheame up as far as r.Ionlgom
ef\- street.
on the electric car— General I.arkin, Sam
Branrian. Bryant, David UroUerick. Sut
ter. Lcidesdorff, Kearny.
The best known postofflce of *49 stands
on 'the west side of Portsmouth square,
corner of ("lav., Kverv 'ifler remember?
this resrai four-story brick -building. It
was moved here from the Keaniy-street
t-Mf of the sq'.iare after the fire.
The great, firy of *5J is the dividing line •
in the history of old San Francisco.
Kvents date from before or after the fire.
The lire corresponds to the flood in
biblical history. .. .
The. Jenny Lf ml Theater, the old school
'house and the % primitive. courts that were
built around Portsmouth square, were all
sv. allowed by the Wire cf '50. ' ¦-.. ',' l
"Now, just there." said a '19er, pointing
to the ilall of Justice, "stood the old
Jenny Lind Theater, before the tire. On
this side was' the old sehoolhouse." . He
was pointing to the haunts of John .
Chinaman. "And over yonder is the old
Poptofflce, the only building that survived
the fire"— the only building that can'look
back before, the fire to the days when the
historic 'Portsmouth .square, 'a shifting
sand lot, was 'the business center of the ¦
city:
In the old Postoffice a Chinese dentist
now liolds forth. ; Under the sign of the
.tooth he assures painless extraction.
The old Petit House on California
street, near Kearny, u e «d to be the swell
boarding house in early days. A sign
• over the front door now rpads:
"Hotel de France, full French dinner
15 cents." -, <>; .
. The Petit House was built in the East.
It came around tho Horn In. '49. Its sec
tions and corners numbered to be put
together as per plan inclosed.
An old pioneer; who has seen his for
tunes rise . and fall, still eats at the old
Petit House. .
' "What gets meis the difference -In the
prices," he saH. ( "I used to pay 50 cents
for a cup of coffee and $1 for one egg."
Twenty-five cents was "the lowest coin
in those clays of plenty. It was not until
• '54 that the dime put in ah appearance.
It was looked upon with a scorn similar
to that with which we now view', the
Intruding penny. ' ' *
The cheapest articles were sold at the
. rate of two "'or .^ cents, a bit apiece.'
The dime was called the short-bit. . Any
. one who . dickered for a' dime's worth of
goods was looked upon as being out of
his element in'California,' the land where
King Midas' gold-converting touch was a
commonplace; a land where such fairy
tales came true as would make Aladdin's
potent lamp flicker ¦ and go out. ¦ "¦' '
The old Tremont House, on Battery
street, near'; Broadway, was- the first
:. house to greet the "Incoming argonauts as:
' they swung round from the Golden Gate.
DeBerted. battered, unkempt,* It still holds
| a* remnant j of/ tn'o 'dignity ¦ of a good .old
- .-¦ . ¦ • ."¦-..¦ •¦'• '--'•
ftatid on tne corner V T Montgomery and
California, haa been cut in half. On*
half was moved up in the Latin quarter,
and the other half south of Market, and;
each dees duty as Iodging3 for the work-
Ir.gtnan.
.Th^oM house once sheltered Geners.l
Grant. In those days the Tehama House'
boasted three balconies extending around
it. It was the rendezvous of naval peo
ple. an<l owing to its situation on tha
water front it was the center of excite
ment on steamer days.
Steamer clay was the day tha gold dust
left California . for the States, and all
outstanding debts must be paid. Many
an anxious one was willing to pay 15 or
20 per cent for a loan till next steamer
day.. Time was counted only from one
*teamer day till the next.
Collection day Is still observed In San
Francisco. It is one of the customs ot
'40 that has been handed down to us.
On the 13th and 2Sth cf each month tha
Tehama House sees collectors scudding
past from firm to firm with red books.
The half of the. Tehama House oa
Broadway and Kearny street Is to ba
torn down in the spring 1 , and another
landmark will be erased from the land
scape.
It- is still the haunt of naval peopla
with* less money and brass buttons. ,It
is the home of longshoremen and steve
dores and any wanderer who has a dlma.
and is lookins for a bed.
"Lodgings 10c" says the street lamp.
Contrast this with a paper of '43. whar^
the "public attention is respectfully. In
vited to the newly fitted up and genteel
establishment the Tehama House. Tha
proprietors have determined upon main
taining the respectability of the house.
It Is now open and well furnished, and
a good place to take your family when
they arrive.
"As a restaurant it will be open at
all hours. A reading room -will shortly
be attached." ISABEL FRASER.
Here they dream over the old days—
these old boys that have all been rich
or might have been— if.
And the "if" is invariably the beginning
of the tragedy.
One of these dreamers, who now peddles
blooms, ran through a fortune of $600,000.
Cal. Wines 5c.
FLOOD & O'BRIETCS.
Established *».
«•» ¦**- •» HITHER s^^all we turn our ey.-«
\ / V / :; " :!nd *' jm> ' l-tndaiark ot the
\^ \/ ¦• .--turdy argonauts— some • relfi:
' "'•* r ,.f the boyish days. of Califor
nia—cif^llic yesteryears thai a:*
.».**¦•« iated with gold Ousi' and i he nimble
Capj.uk.
Those «ienr oM ro«jk^iies are j&Wt giving
*ay to their strong-er brother** which rear
lhems«!ves skyward and laugh in fierislon
at tile pigmies ¦¦— Insignificant, .squat,
tawdry.
Yet In cur hearts we love the>e «>!d tim
ers — we sons and daughters of ihe West
ern Ft rand, and we feel somewhat resent
ful as we see thVse once stately piles, the
fruit of patient endeavor, razed with thf»
ruthless haste of twentieth century pro
gress.
lx't us tak*- a pwp into old San Kran
cisco: into Yerba Bu^na, where the teat
was first unfurled in its virgin whiteness;
then the more ambitious shanty of round •
the-Hom board supplanted the canvas
and finally the"inuch-vaunted brick build
ing followed and wa.s deemed in -those in
nocent day? of '49 unsurpassable.
Each in turn has been made to bite the
dust to make room for the requirements
of pressing progress.
Flood & O'Brien's saloon on Washing
ton, street was a rendezvous for the min
ers of the early 'CO's. Here at noon
the stock brokers would gather, for there
was an auction iunch run Jn connection
¦with the bar.
Many a valuable hint was "picked up by
these keen-witted Irishmen, the pro
, Certain men were authority in stocks.
When these men spoke the inscrutable
Flood, wiping glasses behind the bar,
¦would nudge O'Brien, who would' make a
note of the Up.
Tr.en Flood would set 'em up. These
treats r>n the rart of Flood and O'Brien
¦were little plunges in alcohol, through
which they struck a lead of gold.
Bom* of the old bonanza men still haunt
the old place, which now reads over the
door:
- ¦.,.-¦ .'¦¦•• ¦ •
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE
PASSING
of the
LANDMARKSFort Dragg, !.'.w..ucci.io County. «hc has
known Mendocino County and Its moun
tains and canyons and precipices all ..her
life. Bhe* has always known ita horse's,
too. For her father, Alec Johnson, is a
veteran stage driver and his horses have
been her chums as long an. she fcan. re
member. - i- ¦ ¦'.- »
VI haven't many Mother chums,", she
says. "It's sort of jonesdme here— that is,
it would be if it wasn't for th*
They're my best friends." **
Nor do the horses leave it to her to tell
of the friendship. They talk 'of them
selves. They come close to her and fondle
her with their noses and give comfortable
little" whinnies of affection. "We're a
happy family." they say plainly enough;
. When Bhe wn only v y«b.ia old sho whs
riding with the.ekill of a circUB equeBtrl
enne. To be sure there were no paper
hoops in : Mendocino County, for her '.to
Jump through, nor rlhbon barrierK forher
to jump over, but if therqf had been .she
, would, have done her circus feats with the
best of them., ; , ,. : " .
She roae, bareback then, Just as she
does to-day. She never could see what a'
saddle was for. She always took .to "a
horse's back as.aiduck taKes to water,
and she doesn't Want, any, bridle, either!
People used. to. ask her how she 1 guided ,
her horse. ... , ¦ i--. " . ¦ ¦ : •"
"rdon't know,'.'- she said- at. first. \ "He.
just goes/where I- want him to.V .. ,
- And she really did n«U know how- ahe i
am , u, it was so unconscious; ana. insw.ns^
tive.; By careful watchlni her father dls-i
covered jthat • n ; = Blight, v, a e ? harhiy -per
ceptible,. movement of her -knee '¦ gav*' her
horse the i 'direction; : Until 'tie^caliefi her
attention to it ehewas not aware' that her
knee' had 'any thing} to do "."with her . riding.
;She-wa«i:a tot of only, seven then,; you
remember, and her* riding ' excited ; com
ment .'wherever it was seen. '
; "She's as graceful jas^ an, Indian, V .spec
tators said. :; V , :r )
j"As sure as a cowboy," was added.
It_ was .noticeable how ...sho united
strength .and- darir.g. with /grace,
has -she showed a mannish • trait, only
manly ones. ••.•.- . . . ,. ; r ", ...
She ¦'.•¦pent'' nearly all her day'timV in
"I^S^^eT'ftftt'her father dld'not;
approve 'of -. her. taklnp risky trails, so she
would. }try,XthemVquletly and tell of her*
proweBg . ¦whenVihe returned. As she was
unharmed h';er /father '"could not scold, and
little by little he grew to have confidence
in . her, skill and ; gave- 1 her permission to
ride. where ahe pleased. , .:
The, two of .'them, she' and her, father,
were growing great friends those days
over their "common interest; Bhe began to
accompany, him on h'ls stage trips. They
were monotonous and he liked to have the
little chatterbox on the seat beside him.
"Please let me drive a while," she used'
to big over and over. ¦ . -
At Urst he would not let her touch the
lines. iEut uha -bpEEed so, hard that at
her, with hfa hand ready for any euiv.
gency, she had driven over every portion
of the route.
One day. her test came unexpectedly.
Her father was ill and could not make
the* trip. . .
. His stage carries the mall between
Uklah and Mendocino City, and a delay
might prove costly to him, as his contract
calls for a daily' trip between the two
points. What was to be done?
"I'll drive," Alice proposed,* calmly.
'•¦ "Youl" her father, cried. - "Suicide,
child! I'd as # soon see you drown your
self.;'", '. '. ¦ . - " : ;-¦: .': -- ... :
But she argued with him quietly and
firmly, and in the end he gave in, as
people; usually do "when Alice wants her
own-way. He consented to let her drive
if he could lie in the bottom of the stase.
THE newest woman in Men<3oc!no
County is not a woman at all, but
I only a little li-year-cld girl, who
i doesn't try to be a man nor want
to be one. She has no ambitions
to drive men from pulpit or bench. She
dcetn't care a red cent for the ballot.
y She is entirely satisfied with being a stage
driver.
Which it an extremely "new" thing
to do, when you come to think of it.
Neither little girls, nor women, for that
matter, have been in the habit of driv
ing a four-horse stage over a precipit
ous mountain road where hold-ups are
casual. In fact a good many of the
ladies who are brave enough in their
demands fcr oquai privileges and do *
deal of roaring about being quite on a
par with man would take pretty quickly
to the protection of their husbands and
fathers and brothers and sons if they
were told that they had to drive that
Mendeclno County stage. Jt isn't bo
eaey to play the man under those cir
cumstances. But little 14-year-old Alice
Johnson iz net afraid.
Crack! Her whip swings out over the
horses. It decs not need to touch them.
They know who is behind it and thsy
obey. Rattle and rumble, and 'the stage
twir.gs wound narrow curves as neat
ly as if it moved on a track. Thunder
and bang, and down the steeps it roll3
with its brake as steady as the little
driver's head.
Alice J. Johnson cf Mendocino is the
wonder of her section of the county
Vand one of the wonders of the whole
county as well. Her fame is beliijj
spread by visitors to that portion of the
State. £he is tbe' younjest stage driver
in the worM, trnd a girl at that.
Only 14 years old, slender and non
masculine, t;he can pilot a four-horse
tcaxn with the skill of a veteran dnver.
Not cn'y ehe can. but she does. She Is
now engaged in th« perilous occupation
of guiding four high etiung horses over
the steepest roAds uf the ¦whole county.
Visitors marvel at her courage.
"However does she dare do it?" they
say.
"Hm! If you knew Johnson's little gal
you wouldn't thlnlt nothln* of it," the
old residents reply proudly.
"And however do people dare ride with
her?" the strangers usually continue.
The old residents enoct indignantly
when that queeticn arlres. "She's the
safest driver we know." they reply.
She is the idol of the community where
she lives. The old fellows who hang
out to watch the stage go by look on
adoringly at the way »she takes the
horses around intricate curves and down
Bte«-p grades with perfect nonchalance
and perfect surencss. It is more of a
boast with them than with her th^t ehe
J:as never in her whole career had a
Maigle mishap.
Nor a loss, either. For the bold and bad
highwayman turns gallant when he sees
the little whip, and holds up his hat in
stead of her passengers' hands while she
dashes by. She is known to the country
round as the Mascot.
This slight little prodigy Is a native ol
where he could be ready for any emer
gency. He -was so weak that he could
not have been of any use If trouble had
arisen, but he found seme satisfaction
in being present, so the family stowed
him away as comfortably as possible, and
the journey began.
At tirst Alec Johnson lay in the bottom
of the stage and fumed and fussed like a
grandmother. Then, as he felt the stage
going- smoothly on "and noticed Alices
calm confidence, he began to feel assur
ance, 'and at the end of half a dozen
, miles.- he fell asleep.
There were fifty mlle3 in all to make.
Three stops were made for change of
horsea, and at every stopping point the
people wsre startled by the appearance
of the little girl on the rfeat.
"Wai, ef that ain't Johnson's leetle gal
driving' 1 ' : "" •
"Wai. I'll be "
Cheera broke forth and good wishe3
clamored in her ears and the drinks went
around, "buck to .the trip!" she heard
•on every aide. * ..
Word was sent ahead that she was
bringing the stage into Mendoclno City.
Whtn she reached there within the al
lotted nine hours she was given an ova
tion that wonld have dune justice to a
pnzellghter.
The road was talked over, and 3he was
asked did she really climb this ascent
and make that turn by herself? Narrow
and rough places were called to mind and
her. .passing of them wondered at. j One
point la . 2—0 ' feet high. Th!» m«in3 a
uanserous climb.
She had met and passed farmers*
wagons with perfect skill, oftan the
stage had 'to be taken to* the 'vary edge
of. a dixzy- precipice to allow the other
team to pjsd. Hie passengers" heaJis
were In tneir mouths when they looked
u.t the slip of a girl who v»aa ldsponsible
Icr their lives, tut their teats were un
just. She sat calmly en her high seat
aj.d talked soothingly to the meuiesorne
hoists. . .¦' ¦
. Since this memorable trip Alice ha3
Ui.vcn the sta&d over the route times
wunout number. Visitors and iravenns
men who come to CUlah on p.t-CiUre or
LUiice«s and who cf' necessity. must con-'
unue their journey to Mendocino City
teat themselves in the stage very gin
gerly when she Is at the ribbon?. Many
cf them reluctantly surrender tiaelr pre
cious, persons to her care. Assurances
are given them by onlooxcrs and they
.settle back nervotuly and uivait <ieve!ep
-'menu. ' \.hei. the Klgtui! is given for the
stage to start Atisa John*jn gaihtrs the
reins In oi:c hand and then, swins;* her
ling -whip, cracking It over the heads of
tJie htr.to. taer tSii'iish vclce is rai_eJ in
tttiuip cvmmanoj to the atetUj ana uwaty
tin.- »W£« uaahvd on lbJ firjt rcui.a ill me
JoUrnty.
, lhat-j»llce John3on posjeares e;ctr2.or;li r
naiy plucK for a member of her -ex was
tvkiei.ceu of.c nl^ht last winter. It' was
litctss-ury that un important package be
in Iliai.uitti, u Mir.;, t^ccty .miios from
.\Jkiah. Her father was av.'ty frtjm homo
and there wsu nu uuo In town who would
undertake the trip In the dead of niglu.
Alice volunteered and her mother pro
tested. The girl coaxed and argued and
won at 'last. Preparations for the night
Journey were quickly made,- The girl
brought her enow-whlte pony out of the
stable. As she has always ridden without
a saddle she was* spared trouble In har
ne*slng. With a kiss from her mother
and a thousand warnings «M started on
her Journey. The road led through lonely
places, deep woods and narrow canyon*.
but the tfder was without fear. She com
pleted the trin without accident and was
ready, to return,. but the. people in Hand
lers prevailed on her to remain -there virw
til daylight. . , .
Alice Johnson llkca to do such things far
better than to kecy at home. She Mkes
school . well enoujh and t3 in the Hl~h
-School now, but as for dishes and sewing
and cooking and beds she despi3cs them.
There are those who say tut-tut. Ani
they can keep on savins it for all Alico
Johnson cares.
¦ " . ¦
last he let. her hold them for the distance
of a few rods over an easy part cf the
road.
Nothing happened. , . •. •
When he discovered this, he gained
confidence in her. He let her hold the
lines again next day, and on the third
she drove around a curve. He hadn't
meant to let her do this, but she had
hold of the lines and wouldn't let go,'
and she made the curve as artistically
as her father, every bit.
""Well!" wks all he could say. ' ";
"You see!" she replied femininely..
He was too good a fellow "to be. dis
pleased. In fact, he was rather proud
of her wherf he came to thinkiit all over.
And ho let her drivo more and more each
day, which was exactly as she had
planned.
By the time she was 10 she had learned
all the points on stage driving that her
fathe- knew to teach. With him beside
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
11
The Story of Alice JohnsonTHE SUNDAY CALIi.
12SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY NEARS A CRISIS
IN HIS CONDITION AND THERE IS STILL
STRONG HOPE OF ULTIMATE RECOVERY
m 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
EUROPEAN SOVEREIGNS WHO SEND WORDS OF CONDOLENCE.
Not a Cabinet officer, not even Secre
tary Cortelyou, was allowed in the sick
chamber to-day. With the exception of
the physicians and attendants. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was the only person who crossed
the threshold. The President asked to
see her, and his physicians did not have
the heart to refuse his request She was
there but a few minutes, seated at his
bedside as he in his devotion to her in
her illness had so often been at hers.
Mrs. -McKinley had been warned not
to talk, and the President and his wife
exchanged only a few words. . It/ was
only when he asked her to be brave for
both their sakes that she faltered and
almost broke down. With choking
BEARS UP BBAVEL?
: ..The -result is that although perfectly
rational when conscious, he dozes much
of the, time. Absolute quiet and free
dom from excitement the physicians re
gard as the great essential now and vis
itors are excluded.
MBS. McKINLEY STILL
effects of the ether which was adminis
tered to. him. . He was under the influ
ence of the powerful anesthetic over an
hour.
The Intestines Are Not
Injured by the
vAssassin's
Bullet.
Lay. Two physicians and two trained
mrses are constantly at his bedside.
It has not yet fully recovered from the
The President has been dozing
throughout the major portion of the
BY THE PHYSICIANS
Peritonitis is what they dread -most.
and after that septic poisoning: and sup
puration of the wound. The crucial
point will come within forty-eight hours,
possibly sooner. Indeed, one of the at
tending physicians said to-day that if
no sign of inflammation appeared before
to-morrow night he would consider the
chances of ultimate recovery exceeding
ly goo a.
Several of his colleagues, however, are
not so sangtiine.
within twenty-four hours.
While his physicians hold out hope and
the developments of the day have been
somewhat encouraging:, in that none of
the eymptoms of peritonitis or blood
poisoning which they so much dread
have appeared, medical experience with
similar wounds causes much anxiety, and
the physicians shake their heads gloom
i:y when they speak of the future., -
Although their distinguished patient's
condition has.been favorable throughout
the day they do not desire to buoy the
country up with false hopes. Inflamma
tion is what they fear, and at the first
sign in that direction the country must
steel itself for the blow. For the time
being the bullet of the "assassin, which
is still in the body, is a secondary -.con
sideration. While it has not been abso
lutely located, they all "agree that after
passage through the abdominal cavity
End perforating both walls of the. stom
ach proper, it lodged in the fleshy mus
cles of the back, and if necessity requires
it could be easily located with the Roent
g-en ray and extracted. They aeTee that
it is now of more importance that' the
President should rally from the shock
of the operation than that the bullet
should be removed.
PERITONITIS FEABED
BUFFALO, Sept. 7.—Presi
dent McKinley's condition
is extremely grave. The
crisis will probably come
Inflammation Would
Be Cause of Great
Danger and
Alarm.
PHYSICIANS
IN FEAR OF
PERITONITIS
throat and brimming eyes she promised
with a bow of her head. Almost imme
diately^ thereaftershe was led from the '
room by Dr. Rixey. Mrs. McKinley
throughout . this • trying -ordeal has
shown' remarkable • fortitude. She has
been < mistress of herself, and her sor
row,'and has been almost as calm and
self-possessed aS'the President himself.
And no more than* that could.be said,
for throughout it all -the President has
been cooler than those about him. He
was so yesterday when the pistol wa3
discharged against his. breast, and he
has", been so to-day, even in semi
consciousness. When Dr. . Rixey told
Mrs. McKinley, to-day of the extreme
gravity of the case she' did not break
down. On the contrary, feeble as she
is. grief seemed to lend her strength,
and she felt that she must bear up for
his sake.. - .
NO NOURISHMENT ~ r
TAKEN BY PRESIDENT
The President has taken no nourish
ment since he was shot. Water is
Vice President and the
-Cabinet Members
Hasten to
U - Buffalo.
KING EDWARD'S DEEP
SYMPATHY FOR PRESIDENT
SkEEWPORT, R. I. , Sept. 7.--I am directed to express
B™ the King's deepest sympathy at the dastardly at
tempt on the President Lord Lansdowne and the members
of jhe. Cabinet beg me also to express their sincere sym
pathy to the United States Government
GERALD LOWT 'HER, Charge id' Affaires: Great Britain.
Continued on Pags Twenty-Three.
EMPEROR AND EMPRESS
OF GERMA NY S YM PA THIZE
MWOENIGSBURG, Sept 7. — The Empress and I are
ml\2k horrified at the attempt planned against your hus
band. Express our deepest sympathy, land we pray that
God may restore health to Mr. McKinley.
PRESIDENT LOUBET'S MESSAGE
llj^AMBOUILLET, Sept. 7.— With great affliction I learn
» ™ the news of the heinous attempt of which your
Excellency has just been a victim. i take it-to heart
to join with the people of the United States in wishing
the early recovery of your Excellency and I earnestly
desire in this sorrowful juncture^ to renew to you the
assurance of my sentiments of constant and cordial
friendship. / J EM I LE LOU BET.
fe> PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— 7<O. TOO.
The San Francisco Call.2Jew Trust "Will Have Capital of More
ifitAKEILS OF MACHINES
FOB LAUNDRIES UNITE
Senator Hanna instructed the secretary
to tell the committee to proceed with all
arrangements not involving the presence
of the President as though nothing had
happened. A message of condolence was
sent to the President to-day. .
The Grand Army parade of Wednesday,
September 11, "Rill be the event of the
•week-
The arrangements are all perfected for
the comfortable reception of the guests,
who began arriving to-night. ' Guides in
white caps directed them to their destina
tion. Free quarters in the schoolhouses
are ready for the veterans. Competent
corps of medical men have been organ
irea, with a central office, where doctors
will be on duty day and night.
The preparations are going forward
half in expectancy and half in sorrow, but
the plans for next week have gone stead
ily ahead, with only such deviations from
the original programme as the absence
of the President has made necessary. •
The Grand Army executive committee
at Its meeting this afternoon voted to leave
all details as to changes which must be
made in the programme owing to the ab
sence of the President to Senator Hanna
and to carry out all arrangements he may
make.
Columns of white stuff, surmounted by
American eagles and balls of ' electric
lights, encircle all four sections of the
public square and are festooned together
by rows of electric lights. The columns
are sixty-four in number. Upon the face
of each Is Inscribed the name of some
noted general who served his country in
the Civil conflict. . The columns are alight
with electricity. .
CLEVELAJJD, Ohio, Sept. 7.— The city
of Cleveland stands decked in its best and
xn06t fitting apparel to welcome the Na
tional Grand Army Encampment, 'which
will begin In this city Monday next. The
business blocks of the city and many
thousands of private residences are dec
orated with flags, banners and streamers.
Beautiful Decorations Ar
ranged in the Streets of •
the Encampment City.
Cleveland Ready to Greet
the Grand Army
Hosts.
IN GALA GARB
FOR VETERANS
Every hour throughout the entire day
trains carrying delegations and entire
parlors have been arriving, and in each
case there has been some one on hand to
welcome them. But while the fanfare of
trumpets, the rattle of drums, the shrill
music of the fife and the inspiring strains
off the brass bands lend something of an
air of rejoicing to the night, the fire
works and general Illumination are miss
ing, as it was decided to do away with
this part of the programme in respect to
the country's suffering President.
The first parlors to arrive were those
from Livermore, Haywards, Holllster
Watsonville, Salinas and a delegation
from Castroville. Then came the Santa
Cruz Parlor, which was followed by'the
four Oakland parlors, which, together
To-ntght was to witness the commence
ment of what was expected to be a carni
val of rejoicing. From end to end of tha
city the streets had been hung with bunt
ing-and every house* and store was re
splendent with the national colors. In
many cases these decorations have been
entirely withdrawn and the flags that
have been allowed to remain droop in th-i
damp night air as though they, too, felt
the. oppression that is weighing ao heavily
on all.
SAN* JOSE, Sept. 7.— Probably never be
fore have the citizens of any California
city been called upon to face a situation
such as now confronts the people of San
Jose. For days they have been making
preparations to welcome to their midst
thousands of visiting Native Sons and
Daughters and now, at the' very com
mencement of their willingr hospitality,
the cloud of a great national sorrow has
overcast the sun of their happiness and
thrown its gloomy shadow over all fes
tivities. ' , ¦ t*i V
GLOOM BESTS ON SAN JOSE.
frolic there will be exercises appropriate
to the sad occasion.
Baptizes Ten Convicts.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 7.— The Rev!
Father Robert Sesnon . to-day baptized
in the Catholic faith ten convicts in San
Ouentin prison. This is preparatory to
the confirmation of these ten and fifty
other prisoners to-morrow by Archbishop
Riordan-of San Francisco. ¦ 'me services
will take place in : the • library building
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock. Elabor
ate decorations have been made ¦ by the
PRETORIA. Sept. 7.— A number of the
most prominent burghers' "> have", been
drawn, jury fashion, by the : authorities,
and compelled to . accompany '¦ tho < trains
on the Pietersburg railroad lines in con
sequence of the recent wrecking of trains
on that road, v -
Burghers Ordered on I Trains/
TACOMA, , Sept. 7.— It ; is\ reported from
Juneau that the Treadwell mines are get
ting, ready to run a crosscut tunnel 8000
feet from Snowslide 1 Gulch to Yankee "Ba
sin, tapping new ledges at a dopth of 800
to 1000 feet. The survey for the tunnel has
been completed and it is believed the work,
will be . started • soon. • It will result ¦ In
greatly increasing the production : of the
Treadwell mines. . Snowslide Gulch is sit
uated on Gold Creek, about a mile' and a
quarter back of Juneau. v • / >•
Long Tunnel After Gold.
FRESNO. Sept. 7.— W. S. Icho. a Japa
nese, pleaded guilty to-day~to""having- ab
ducted Grade Green, aged 17, and was
sentenced to four years' imprisonment in
Folsom. As an indirect result of the case,
T. W. Green, the father of the girl. Is un
der arrest, having confessed that he killed
a man named Groves in self-defense while
City Marshal of a small town in Madison
County, Kentucky. The Japanese learned
of the shooting of Groves from the. girl
with whom he had eloped and threatened
Green that he would disclose the fact if
he were prosecuted for abduction. Rather
than deal with the Japanese, Green con
fessed. - '
Admits Having Killed a Man.
Named Premier of Chile.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Sept. 7.— Dr.
Ramon Barrios Luco, former Chilean Min
ister to France, has been named Premier
of the new government.
letter Carriers to Meet at Denver.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Sept. 7.— The
National Asssociation of Letter Carriers
adjourned- this afternoon. ¦ Denver was
chosen for -the next .convention over
Minneapolis by a majority of fifty votes.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.-Ex-Assembly
man C. F. Kenealey of San Francisco was
stood UP by a . footpad at an early hour
this morning at the Sacramento end of
the Yolo bridge. Kenealey, it . appears,
had crossed the river to the lair of the
tiger and was wandering back -when as
saulted. He carries an abrasion of the
nose and of his right .hand as mementoes
of the encounter, in which he declares he
overcame his predatory, antagonist. The
footpad got none of Kehealey's cash ami
escaped in the darkness.- • - ¦ •
Footpad Salts Kenealey.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— There is a
possibility that in the near future the
State fair may be transferred • to ' San
Jose. Public interest here appears Xo be
on the wane, and observing which "Jim"
Rea, the San Jose politician who is here
attending the meet, said to some of the
directors to-day that he thought the peo
ple of Santa . Clara County would gladly
take hold of the proposition. There is
an indebtedness on the property here of
about $12,000. part of which is- secured by
personal notes of a. few of the directors.'
in an interview to-night General" A.' W.
Barrett said that while Rea did not sp*eaki
for the Santa Clara County society and
the matter did not come in the form of a
proposition, it might in time come before
the directors In more tangible shape. Of
course the whole matter would have-to
be laid before ,the Legislature and at
present can' be classed as only gossip.
San Jose Wants Fair.
"The news that England has difficulties
with the Porte has stopped the mouths of
the Anglophobes affected by the . anti-
English insinuations of Russian organs."
"No tax has been speciallyMmposed on
the French religious orders in Turkey.
Monastic institutions which have no fir
man are liable to a 10 per cent tax, and
the local authorities have been ordered
to collect this strictly from all nationali
ties."
•The Paris correspondent of the Times
says:
LONDON, Sept. 7.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Times says:
The Ministers have decided to allow
representation on the • Shanghai Con
servancy Board to countries , with a ton
nage in vessels carrying freight to China
of L'00,000 or more annually, thus including
PEKING. Sept. 7.— The two edicts re
quired under the terms of . the protocol
were presented immediately. after the dis
pute in regard to. the audience at Berlin
was arranged. The Ministers of the pow
ers at their meeting accepted the edicts
as satisfactory and filled in the dates left
blank in the protocol.
Peking will bo evacuated on September
17 and the province of Pechili on Septem
ber 22. .
"After a somewhat prolonged period of
liquidation the financial situation- is one
that should excite no alarm. The banks
are strong and In a position to meet the
emergency that has arisen.'A majority of
the clearing-house committee is in town
and a consultation has taken place. The
business of the country is on a substan
tial basis and the clearing-house banks
are amply able to cope with the situation
and they wiir stand together tn this-emer
gency as they have done in the past."
At the conclusion of the meeting J. Ed
ward Simmons, acting chairman of the
clearing-house committee,' in the' absence
of the chairman, Frederick D. > Tappen,
made the following statement:
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Though the news
of the attempt on the life of the President
did not reach the financial district until
after the stock market had closed and
most of the important bankers had left
for the day a number of important con
ferences by various financial interests
were called. The ; most .public of these
was a meeting of ' bank ¦ officers at- the
Buckingham Hotel. -This -conference'^ was
well attended and the situation was
thoroughly discussed. ./
Day for the Closing of
i Negotiations Draw
ing Near.
Monastic Institutions As j
sessedTen Per
Cent.
No Panic Is Caused in
Markets at the Me
tropolis.
FRENCH ORDERS
ARE NOT TAXED
SOLDIERS WILL
LEAVE PEKING
LONDON. Sept. 7.— A dispatch to a news
agency from Newcastle-on-Tyne an
nounces the death, there last night of
George Osmond Tearle, the actor.
Tearle's company was playing at New
castle. •
Beath of George Osmond Tearle.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 7. — Howard F.
Brewer of San Francisco this afternoon
won. the first race of the series with Wil
bur Kyle of this city for the swimming
championship. Brewer won with the ut
most ease. His time for the half-mile
was 13:53^. The remaining races will
take place next Monday and Tuesday.
Brewer Outswims Kyle.
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y., Sept. 7.—
Graham successfully swam the rapids,
from the whirlpool to Lewiston, this aft
ernoon. His partner, Miss Wlllard, lost
her life. She made the trip through the
rapids in Graham's barrel ajjid reached
the whirlpool in good shape, but there tho
barrel remained for a long time, many at
tempts to catch it failing. She was final
ly rescued almost Hfeles3. A doctor was
summoned, but she died' before he ar
rived. *
Companion of Graham Taken From a
Barrel in the Water When
Dying.
WOMAN LOSES LITE
IN NIAGrAEA RAPIDS
the United States and France. The* pro
tocol will be signed with the Chinese en-
prisoners and special music has been en
gaged by them.
VIENNA, Sept. 7.— The Butchers' Asso
ciation of Vienna at a meeting to-day
adopted a resolution demanding that the
maximum tariff be imposed on American
lard, bacon and sausages.
Ask for a Maximum Tariff.
RAT PORTAGE. Ont., Sept. 7.— Towns
won the sculling race with Gaudaur to
day by five lengths.
Towns Beats Gaudaur.
Bullshrad breakfast at Agricultural Park
from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. ; banqust of Native
Daughters at Alum Rock Park; baseball game
at Cyclers" Park on the Alameda at 2 p. m. ;
sacred concert by Fifth Regiment Band at St.
James Park from 2 to 5 p. m. ; concert and dan
cing at Schuetzen Park; sacred concert by Fifth
Regiment Band at Hotel Vendome from 8 to 11
p. m;; Past Presidents' Association meeting at
N. S. G. W. Hall at 7:30 p. m., initiation and
refreshments.
The programme for to-morrow will be
as follows, unless some news is received
that tells of a change for the worse In
President McKinley's condition:
All San Jose had turned out to grce:"
them, apd escorted by San Jose, Observa
tory and Palo Alto parlors they marched,
nearly ,6000 strong, up First street and sep
arated to their various headquarters.
They did not all come at once. The differ
ent sections of the train arrived wUh
some little interval between each and th«»
result was that the streets werer lively
with marching men until far past- the
midnight hour. It was not the visitors
from San Francisco alone that 'kept the
streets alive. ¦ Thousands upon • thou
sands from all parts of the State are here
to have a good time, and tho thorough
fares are alive with joking men and
laughing women, who have turned niiiht
into day and given to the place a carnival
like appearance by abandoning themselves
to that individual buoyancy of spirit
which a public calamity, has somewhat re
stricted of public and general expression.
The set entertainments that are in pro
gTess this evening are a reception and
supper to the visiting Native Sons and
Daughters at the N. S. G. W. Hall by the
reception committee of the Natlvu
Daughters, a concert by the Fifth Regi
ment Band at St. James Park and a num
ber of smaller receptions that are taking
place at the various headquarters of the
different parlors and delegations.
with the Berkeley Parlor and the two
parlors from Alameda, arrived together
over the narrow gauge. . The great event
of the day. however, was when the four
sections of the train bearing the twenty
two parlors from San Francisco rolled
into the station.
Edward L. Rittore was in the van as
marshal of the fourth division, which
consisted of San Francisco, Niantic and
Hesperian parlors.
H. A. Mullin marshaled the fifth divi
sion, in which there were Rincon, Alca
traz and Sequoia parlors.
Nathaniel Hallinan was marshal of the
sixth division, which consisted of South
The first division, John -Linehan mar
shal, was made up of the military and
California Parlor No. 1, the members all
wearing fatigue caps.
In the second division, Emelio Lastreto
marshal, were the Alcalde drum corps,
the drill corps and the parlor of that
name, Pacific, Mission and El Dorado
parlors.
The third division, marshaled by Fred
Suhr Jr., was made up of Golden Gate,
Stanford, Yerba Buena and Bay City par
lors.
Alexander F. William*. J. J. Miley. F. , C.
Gerdes, E. J. Robst, Fred Salnsott, H. G.
Williams, V. Orenso, I.' LIndeman, F. Barnett,
J. W. Cushing:.. H. F. Ansbro, Martin J.
O'Connell, Louis Nonnenmann, Frank Frietas,
E. A. Duveneck, John Ohlandt, Frank A. Lux,
Oscar Krenz, P. E. Boulan, M. II. Wllklns,
Eugene C. S. de Sparr, C. D. Hey wood, W. S.
Bchmidt. H.. D. Clark. --.•¦¦•
At the sound of the bugle the procession
started and moved down Mason street to
Market, along that street to Third, thence
to the depot. The streets along the line
of march were crowded with people.
First came Grand -iarshal Taafe with
his chief aid, Harry I. ivlulcrevy: Colonel
Thomas F. O'Nell of the First Infantry,
who acted a's'chief of -staff, and the fol
lowing aids to the grand marshal:
Each ' parlor made a liberal display ot
American flags, bear flags and parlor ban
ners. The majority of those who were in
line were in citizens' dress,' wearing gor
geous distinctive parlor badges. The
grand marshal, Ed J. Taafe. wearing an
immense golden silk scarf, his aids, divi
sion marshals and their aids, wearing col
ored scarfs Indicative of their rank,' were
all mounted. The escort to the parade
was Company I, Captain Frank N. Moore,
and Company F, Captain J. F. Eggert.of
the National Guard. .• ¦.
In case of the death of President Mc-
Kinley the celebration in San Jose will
be declared off, and instead of fun and
Death Will Change Plans.
A number of the members of Stanford
Parlor No. 76, who, previous to the ar
rangements for the San Jose celebration,
had arranged for a three days' outing at
Mark West Springs, left for that place
yesterday and expect to have a jolly time
in the forest. This parlor will have a
programme of entertainment in commem
oration of the fifty-first anniversary of
the admission of California ¦ into the
Union. - . • ¦ . :
Stanford Parlor in the Forest.
National Parlor Noi : lis-'wili. riot take
part in the San Jose celebration, j Iti will
¦Uiold an individual 'celebration to-morrow
at Fernbrook Park: The members and
friends wlllieave at '9:30 a.' m. and will
proceed to Nlles Canyon, where a mu
sical and literary programme appropriate
to the occasion will be given. There will
be dancing In the pavilion and lunching
under the trees. Quite a number of Na
tive Daughters from the local parlors will
join the Nationals, arid not a few sons
and daughters of Alameda County will
join the gathering. The committee that
will have charge of this affair is composed
of P. G. Du Py, Henry G. Muller, D. F.
Nunan, W. S. Grattan and Fred Glocker.
Nationals at Fernbrook.
San Francisco, Olympus and Presidio par
lors. . ; ¦ _ -
The seventh division was made up of
Preclta and Army and >Navy parlors,
marshaled by E. D. Crowley.. ¦
¦.In the eighth and ' last division, ¦which
wag intrusted to J. Rose as marshal,
were. Marshall and Dolores parlorB.
At Townsend street " the parade was
quietly reviewed by the gTand marshal,
and then the Native Sons, who numbered
about five hundred, including many of the
grand officers, who marched with the par
lors in which they hold their ; member
ship, and many friends boarded the train,
and in a short time .the train pulled out
forthe Garden City. ... >..
FINANCIERS
NOT ALARMED
In a short time all the parlors were
ready to move at the word of command.
The parlors were represented by as many
as could absent themselves from business
to make up the procession. There were
a number in distinctive uniforms, which
have been attractive features in previous
celebration parades, but the most attrac
tive aggregation was the Alcalde Drill
Corps, attired in dark blue suits with
white trimmings, and white helmets and
plumes, which acted as escort to the par
lor of that name. Army and Navy Parlor,
composed of volunteers who served with
the First California in the Philippines,
also made a good showing in khaki uni
forms.
Parlors Ready to March.
THE attempted assassination of
President McKinley has in a
great measure disturbed the plans
of the Native Sons of the Golden
West of " San Francisco, who for
months had been planning for the Admis
eion day celebration in San Jose. Out of
respect for the condition of President Mc-
Kinley the general committee of the or
der decided yesterday that the parade
which had been planned should not be of
the demonstrative character.
In view of this decision it was decided
to dispense with bands and fireworks and
to havfl the various parlors form accord
ing to arrangement and march along the
prescribed route to the San Jose depot, at
Third and 'iownsend streets, to the sound
of drums and bugles only. There were
many of those vho formed at the rendez
vous who felt that they would prefer to
remain at home because of their sympa
thy for President McKinley, but felt they
owed a duty to the Golden State to ob
serve Admission day, as in the past.
At 7 o'clock last night there was consid
erable activity around the headquarters of
the Native Sons on Mason street, and on
Geary and Post streets, where the several
parlors formed in divisions.
NEWYORK, Sept. 7.— The President's
match at Seagirt,' N. J., for the milttary
championship of the United States was
won, after an extremely close finish, by
.Lieutenant H. H. Leizar of the First
Regiment. Washington, D. C. with a
score of 137 points. The team skirmish
run was won by the team of six men from
the Second Regiment. District of Colum
bia, with a total of 170 points.
Lieutenant Leizar Wins.
BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— At the Pan-Ameri
can world's championship held in the
Stadium, at the exposition to-day H. Ar
nold of the Union Settlement Athletic
Club broke the world's record in the 440
yard hurdle race. Time. :56 1-5. Ray W.
Ewey of the. New York Athletic Club
beat the world's record of 5 feet 5 inches
by doing a standing high jump of 5 feet
5% inches.
Championship Games at Buffalo Re- _
suit in Establishment of
New Records. . i
TWO ATHLETIC MABKS
SENT A-GLIMHEKING
Three-Cornered Race Fixed for the
Broken Off.
TOLEDO. Ohio, Sept. 7.— The crack trot
ters. Cresceus, owned by George H.
Ketcham; Boralma. owned by Thomas W.
Lawson. and Charlie Herr. owned by
Dave Cahill. had been matched to race at
Readvlhe, Mass., on September 19. To
day Mr. Ketcham received the following
telegram from Secretary Jewett of the
Readville Driving Park Association:
HARTFORD. Conn.. Sept. 7.— Lawson wires
BM* under no condition will Boralma meet
Cresceus at Readville. Will give I20.CC0 for
race between Cresceus and The Abbot for Sep
tember 19. No entrance fee. Puree to be di
vided as you and Geers may decide;
C. JEWETT.
Mr. Ketcham replied as follows:
C. Jewett, Hartford: Cresceus will be in
Readville on the 13th to fulfill bis part of the
original race. See no reason to. change. WUI
Lawson now break up Boralma?
GEORGE H. KETCHAM.
19th of September Is
LAWSON WILL NOT RACE
BOB ALMA AT EEADVILLE
CALL ARTIST'S IDEA OF HEGIRA OF NATIVE SONS TO 5 AN JOSE TO CELEBRATE ADMISSION DAY.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Commodore
Kane of the New York Yacht Club gave
out a statement to-night saying that the
races between Shamrock II and Columbia
will take place according to programme
should President McKinley recover. In
the event that McKinley dies they will
be indefinitely postponed.
With the exception of regular routine
work nothing was done by the Sham
rock's crew to-day. After dinner shore
leave was granted most of the men in
the Lipton fleet. If nothing unforeseen
occurs it is the intention of Sir Thomas
Lipton to give the Shamrock a trial spin
every day next week.
Sir Thomas Upton, replying to a propo
sition of Thomas W. Lawson to race the
Independence against the Shamrock II, In
Massachusetts waters, for two handsome
cups, or in English waters for $100 000
after the America's cup race is finished,
sent the following message to-night:
"I regret it is impossible to arrange a
race of Shamrock II again3t the Inde
pendence."
Sir Thomas also received a letter this
evening from Thomas W. Farnsworth of
Boston, threatening an injunction In case
he wins the cup. He paid no attention
to it.
Sir Thomas Lipton Will Not
Race With the Inde
pendence.
Programme Must Be De
termined by Presi
dent's Condition.
Condition of President 'McKinley Suppresses Enthusiasm of Marchers; Who Dispense With Brass
Bands and Fireworks in Parade to Railroad Depot---\yithDrums and Bugles, Banners and Flags
They Pass Through the Streets— No Demonstration if the Chief Executive of the Nation Dies
YACHT RACES
NOW UNCERTAIN
NATIVE SONS OF SAN FRANCISCO
LEAVE FOR THE CELEBRATION CITY
THE * SAN FRANCISCO -HCAXjL; SEPTEMBER 8; 1 901
The correspondent of the Temps at Con
stantinople says MM. Lorande and Tublnl
have keen invited to visit the Ministry
of Finiince to receive a communication.
He adds that it is stated that Munir Bey
is in disgrace.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 7.-Judge Hyland to
<lay rendered, judgment in favor of W. A.
Xevllls and against Samuel M. and
Charles M. Shortridgre for $25,000, with in
terest at 8 per cent from April 30. 1901; also
for the sale of certain personal and real
property in this county mortgaged to se
cure JCevills f claim. The total amount
eued for was $40,000, but defendants were
allowed offsets making the difference.
M"evills Gets Judgment.
FREUDENBURG. Sept 7.— Emperor
Nicholas this evening received in audience
Count Lamsdorf. the Russian Foreign
Minister. To-morrow the Czar and Czar
ina will proceed to Copenhagen and will
attend service in the Russian church
there. Subsequently all the royal person
ages "will gather in Copenhagen to meet
King Edward, who is now on his way to
Copenhagen from Kiel on board the royal
yacht Osborne.
EOYAITT TO GATHER
IN DENTVTAftK'S CAPITAL
Czar Will Meet King Edward in the
Presence of Distingnished
Persons.
Than Sixteen Million
Dollars.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Arrangements have
been completed for the consolidation of
the laundry machine manufacturers of
,tbe country under one company, to be
called the American Laundry Machine
Manufacturing Company, with, a capital
of $16,500,000.
There are eleven concerns In the com
bine, of which five are to be closed down.
In the consolidation SO per cent of the
present aggregate forces will be dispensed
with, and on salaries,- branch offices and
workingmen's wages nearly three-quar
ters of a million dollars expenses will be
cut off annually.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable, dunes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
iie&lthful regularity.
For the cure of all ilsorflrrs of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowel*. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
resTJlarltles. - Sick Headache, Blllcmertesi, Con-
stipation, Pil-« and all derangement* of the
Internal Viscera. 26c a box. At Druggists, or
ky mill. HADWAT A CO.. New Tork.
Radway's
Pills
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
JHUSEUH OF ANATOHY
A Q$ lS51HASZE7CT.bet.6:fcc7&,&.F.Cal
\ .- •W ..The L»rr«tAnMoaiic»l Museum in the
§ 3^ World. WMlcttvt, „ any contracted
* / 3M I S>pca *'" t on the Colst £"• 3« y «ra-
StfS&iR D8 ' JORCAH-DISEASES OF HEN
' » AsrOH Cor.teltition free *nd rtrirtly private
I J&^fU T '=»"»«« personally or by letter. A
1 I H p ** ittm€ <*»•«»«> every cMetadertaken.
I* / V Write for Book. rBILONOPBYof
Pi \ n H4HMCE, MAILED FREE. ( A.
V DB.. ioBDASf A CO.. lOSl Market St.. S. P.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
¦will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against tho mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing: from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
B'.rous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy jt is to be cured of Bex-
rial weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
Eczema
How It reddens the skin, itches, oozes;
dries and scales !
Some people call it tetter, milk crust o*
salt rheum. - »'
The suffering from it is sometimes to»"
tense; local applications are resorted to—
they mitigate, but cannot cure.
. It proceeds from humors inherited or ao»
quired and persists until these have been
removed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively removes them, has radically
and permanently. cured the worst cases, and
is without an equal for all cataneoaa
eruptions. : t
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEiVITO CO.
To raise money to build a lars* furnace ot.
this mine we wtli sell treasury stock for 59«
per shire until further notice. Silver Cree*
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock Is all sold and
Issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
II. It. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7 North Market st.. San Joae.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny st.. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITA3. Agent.
Hunters Point
Dry dock.
MEN WANTED.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦• modeled and renovated. KING. WARD Jfe
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day\
to to JS week; IS to $20 month. Free bath*; hot'
and cold water every room: Ore grate* la tvery
room: elevator runs all night.
ADVERTISEaZENTS.
' !; i/djjmK Wasting Weakness, Lost Vitality,
¦/b^^^»\ Kidney and Bladder Diseases ;
I ¦ Wm? ,^m^aJl \ Diseases and Weakness of IVJen. >
- vtv If y° u have an ailment that is robbing you of health, strength,
¦ I^V-uS^^i 7 happiness; plcasiire and manhood consult. DR. MEYERS & CO.
Y •^llil^i^ / c y/. ca^' Tes t°r e 'y9W r ;iost'strcn^lvahd;-vitality and stop those
\ y^V^^ '¦/ fearful drains. They will make a perfect: man of you. The restore- |
¦'^^^^n^^- .tionwill be ;not only .thorough and speedy,- but permanent as well.
N^_2^^ THE UJSL OF CONTAGIOUS AIlMEIMTS A SPEC ALTY. \
' v HOWIE TR^ATMFNT. ; FRE^v ETOK. J T OUR CUARANTEE. f
, DR. METERS & CO. have perfected a • Our little twenty-fcur pagp Book * NO PAY TILL CURED If vou
• system of Home Treatment whereby the contains a' ivorld cf -PRIVATE.iIN- . v ,;, ¦ ,,,' , . . '-.--¦ „ •*- ¦
.truthful- answering OF. THE FORMATION. -Knowledge .that ev- nave the Ieast doubt: of our ability \
questions of. our- Diagnosis Sheet and jery man should, be, fa miliar with/ A to restore you to health and wish to
' language Dr.^ Meyers & Co. til! .'a cure- Is ef- ft
• ¦>ariwe. disease by home treatment haa you cannot help but understand. . fected. Or.' if you prefer, you may' H
• never been equaled. :.• ... IT IS -FREE. WRITE FOR IT. pay in small monthly, payments. M
JDRJ; MEYERS & COy 731 MARKET STREET SAN FRANCISCO. CAL ij
I NEXT TUESDAY
| Don't Fail to Look Up
I Ad of KATSCHINSKI
I Something Special at
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 Third St., San Francisco. |"I can hardly say at, a moment's-no
tice," said the patient wife, "whether he
prefers* the sick friend story . or the de
tained at the office on business' narra
tive."—Indianapolis Press. •- if • r;.» - ¦¦-
"What Is your husband's favorite fic
tion?" asked the inquisitive person. -
The reports of a horse epidemic In the
Eastern cities which seems to reproduce
the conditions of the epizooty, or grip, of
twenty-seven . years ' ago .will naturally
cause some anxiety to horse owners of
this section, lest the disease should spread
to the westward. -The epidemic of 1874
came, In the winter and was attributed"
to the dampness, if notcold, of that sea
son. This attack; comes in the summer,
but the theory has already been - mooted
that It Is due to the wet season that has
prevailed.* It does not appear to.be a
very severe ailment, but .-it will be : none
tho less inconvenient if It spreads to this
and other cities.. The theory which is ad
vanced to. account for It permits the hope
that a change in: the weather may termi
nate it in the East and check its spread
to. the West.— Pittsbursr. Dispatch.'
Another Epizooty.
The following story Is told concerning
two KAllor* who happened to be ashore.
One of /these <!<ecided that after visiting
hl» own friends he would np.-ml a day
with his mewmato. Arriving; in the local
ity of Ills mate'a home lie was horrified to
find that he had forgotten the number of
the houKe. After asking in vain police
men, postmen and pedestrians for his
friend's house. he caught night of a toy
windmill man, and hailing him he offered
twopence for "a blow on his bugle." •
The man agreed,- and Jack Tar then
gave the ship's call. A crowd quickly
gathered and stared at the musical sailor.
Immediately a window was thrown up
and a well-known voice exclaimed, '.'Ship
ahoy! Why, mate, your pipe's been'walt
lng hours'" Amid great cheering of the
crowd he very quickly joined his friend
and his pipe.— Tit-Bits. -'>>:'.-.
How Jack Lost His Bearings.
"Why don't- you. then?"
"Order is, *ir. that we get pay In ad
vance for elephantg, sir. Elephants on
tooat is £1500 0« 26. If you take It with
out toaift,' air, It Is only £1300, sir." •
The xvalter did not smile, but the srlrl
did. rind the man climbed down.— London
Tit-Bits. v
The man from the country took his
green necktie and his best girl into the
restaurant... and, like some other men,
hs was dibposed to be facetious at the ex
pense of 'the waiter.
"Walter," he said, "I want you to bring
mo. a boiled elephant."
"Yessir," , replied the waiter, perfectly
unmoved.
"And, waiter, bring it on toast."
"Yeaslr," . ,/•/,
'Then he stood there like a statue for a
minute. tf.'
"Y«»BBlr."
A Smart Fellow.
The darkne«s of night throws a fierce
light on many of our deeds.
OAKLAND. Sept. 7.— Charles - Nelson,
who bore a card showing that he belonged
to the San Francisco Sailors' -Union, js
in Jail with two charges el burglary
against him. Nelson was arrested at an
early hour this morning In the Saratoga
House by Detectives Holland and Shorey.
He is accused of having broken into the
machine shop of. J. C. Baker on Third
street, where he stole from the office a
hand satchel full of legal papers. Then
he went into the machine shop and stole
a bicycle and a lot of bicycle tools. The
bicycle he secreted on the water front.
where It has since been found, and the
papers were found hidden In the bed in
Which he was sleeping. Nelson is also ac
cused of breaking into the s.-loon of J. M.
Heinhold, near the Webster-street bridge,
where he helped himself to liquor* and
cigars, and broke open a nickel-ln-the
elot machine, but without getting any
thing.
Sailor Turns Burglar.
When the war with Spain broke out It
was generally believed that Fort Wads
worth, on Staten Island, was the best
prepared of any of our coast defenses
for an encounter with an enemy. Now It
is revealed that there was not a single
gun at Fort Wadsworth which was ready
to be fired for three weeks after the offi
cial declaration of the existence of a state
of war. With all the experience of the
past three years, however, we are still
as negligent as we were in the old peace
ful days. It is stated authoritatively that
not one of the forts of the Atlantic coast
defenses has enough ammunition on hand
to last through a ten minutes' engage
ment. ¦ Thin Is a condition of affairs which
Is simply disgraceful. The fault. It Is to
be presumed, lies primarily with Conarress,
rather than with the War Department-
Philadelphia Telegraph..
Our Coast Defenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The Union Labor
party will' meet to-morrow afternoon at
California Hall at 2:30 o'clock to adopt a
constitution and by-laws.
Union Labor Party.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— "Lost in Siberia"
is scheduled to be the attraction all of
next week at the Dewey Theater. It is
a new play that has never before .been
produced «n the Pacific Coast. As its
title indicates it is a story of hardships
in the Czar's domains, thrilling in evtry
particular. Manager Stevens proposes to
produce it with the entire strength of the
Dewey Stock Company and to employ
new mountings upon the stage. Prepara
tions for the play have been going on for
several weeks. ¦ The management expects
full houses every night.
On &t»Popular Play
house.
Play New to the Coast Will Be Put
"LOST IN SIBERIA" TO BE
NEXT AT DEWEY THEATEH
The Verein Eintracht Turn Schwestern
will give its third anniversary bill in Ein
tracht Hall, on Twelfth street, on tha
evening of the 22d.
* Turn Schwestern Ball.
Californians in "Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Arlington— Mrs. Lewis. n ailss A. Lewis,
Miss Wilson. Miss Gamble: Ebbttt—
Charles M. Martin, E. V. Jones. J. H,
Hatch and wife, all of San Francisco.
A statement going to show the marvel
ous increase in the use of postal facilities
by the American people is that of .the
director of the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing at Washington, just issued, in
which it appears that the number of post
age stamps -sent out for use during- the
current fiscal year includes 1,300,000,00!) one
cent stamps. 3,500,000,000 two-cent stamps
and 309,236,000 of higher denominations/
The total, including special-delivery ten
cent stamps, is 5.116,236,000. against 4 377 -
727,000 for the previous fiscal vear. an
increase of over one and a half billion
stamps. It is not easy to grasp the full
significance of these stupendous totals. A
few calculations may help. According to
these figures stamps will be Issued this
year , to supply every man, woman and
child' in the United States with at least
sixty stamps each. Distributed among
the population of the entire globe they
would supply each person with postage for
not less than three letters. Placed side
by side in a continuous line the total
issue would girdle the entire earth three
times, forming a variegated ribbon around
it nearly three inches in width. If spread
out in the same manner across the United
States the stamps would form a paper
sidewalk from New York to San Francisco
over three feet wide. Pasted into a stamp
collector's book of the conventional size,
the issue for the year would fill half a
million volumes, which, 'placed one upon
another, would form a. solid column over
twenty-five miles high. If it is true, as
Edward Everett Hale says, that . tbe
United States postal system Is the
greatest of popular educators, these fig
ures will serve to show the extent of
Uncle Sam's present service as a school
teacher.—Leslie's Weekly.
Postage Stamp Statistics.
P. Riley, a fruit peddler, while drlvingr
down Market street last night, struck his
horse with the whip and the animal
kicked over the dashboard, striking
Riley's shin. The driver was taken to th«
Harbor Hospital, •where It ¦was found that
his left leg had been broken in two places
below the knee. Riley resides at lllVi
Mission street.
Peddler's Leg Broken.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co. — Monday, September
23, Real Kstate, at 14 Montgomery street.
An Insolvent Broker.
¦ O. "W. Becker, a broker of San Fran
cisco, filed a petition In insolvency yester
day in the united States District Court.
He owes $5854 26 and has no assets.
The meeting was followed by a reception
during, which many strangers were re
ceived and entertained by the members
of the association. The rooms were taste
fully decorated.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The reports of the
Young Women's Christian Association for
the last half-year show that it IS passing
through a period of prosperity. The semi
annual meeting of the association was
held yesterday afternoon in the headquar
ters.- 1424 Franklin street. The Franklin
street home, according to the reports, ia
taxed to its capacity with forty young
women, and many applicants have been
turned away for lack of room. The Rest
Home, on Mountain avenue. Piedmont,
though only opened in June, has all its
accommodations taken. The young ladies
having charge of the Mutual Benefit
Club's noon rest and evening- study classes
on Jefferson street submitted the most en
couraging account of what is being accom
plished, .-v -• •'•;
turn Holds Its Semi- Annual
, Meeting at Headquarters.
Young Women's Christian Assocla-
j George Couch and J. H. Mitchell, non
union stevedores, engaged in a quarrel
aboard a ship which they were unloading
at the Potrero yesterday and as the re
sult the latter is in the City and County-
Hospital with a fractured skull, whila
his assailant is locked up In the City *
Prison, with a charge of an assault witbj
a deadly weapon recorded against him.
The weapon used was a stick of wood.
Fractured His Skull.
C.'Cronln, a laborer who arrived here
from "Woodland yesterday morning, was
beaten and robbed last night by
three men at the corner of Jackson and
East streets. Cronin said the men sot
$12 from his- pockets and then assaulted
him. He was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital for a contusion of the right eye.
Two special policemen fell into the
hands of strikers at the corner of Powell
and Eddy streets last night at midnight
and were roughly used. One of them, A.
Cochrane, had his pistol taken from him
and the other lost his star. Police Officer
H. G. Preig arrested Charles Rowland, a
striking teamster, who, it is believed,
took the pistol, and booked him on a
charge of robbery.
G. Conely, who has an office at 75 Third
street, from which he sends men to Port
Costa to work, • applied at the Central
Emergency Hospital last night to have a
fracture of his nose reduced. -As Conely
was walking on vMission street, near
-Fourth. - a man whom he did not know
struck him with brass knuckles.
Beaten and Robbed.
PERIOD OF PROSPERITY
IS SHOWN BY REPOBTS
Alcazar — "Ingomar." *
Grand Opera-house— "Rcsedale."
Tivoll— "Mignon."
California— "Barbara Frietchie."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family" to-morrow
night.
Central— "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Cfcutes. Zoo and Theatei? — Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer' s-Vau Seville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Union Coursing Park — Courslngr to-day.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The delegates to
the State Spiritualists' convention were
entertained at a banquet last night in
Fraternal Hall. A large crowd was pres
ent to enjoy the entertaining programme
that was" given. Toasts were responded
to by all the State officers and members
of the Oakland and San Francisco soci
eties. The entertainment was contributed
to by Miss Emily Faulkner, Miss Ray
mond. Mrs. R. S. Lillie, Miss Campbell,
Mrs C. T. Gunn. Mrs. N. Newman, Miss
Velma Martlyn, Mrs. H. N. Parson, Miss
Annie Anderson and Mrs. Carrie Arm
strong. The. second day of the conven
tion to-day consisted principally of the.
reading of reports. It was decided to hold
the next convention in San Francisco.
for Holding the Annual
Meeting-.
San Francisco Selected as Next Place
ENICIA, Sept. 7.— Miss Emilie
Gnauck, only daughter of Gustav
Gnauck, gave her first -piano re
cital in her home town last 'even
ing since returning' from Ger
many, where she graduated with the high
est honors last -May, after a four years'
course in music at the Royal Conserva
torium in Leipsic. The recital was given
for the benefit of St. Paul's Church of this
city, where she was christened. The oid
State House, in which it took place, was
crowded to the doors with friends and
admirers.
Miss Gnauck is the first Benicia girl to
acquire a musical education abroad, and
her great ability and phenomenal success
greatly delighted her numerous admirers.
Miss Gnauck/went with her father to
Germany four years ago on a visit. While
at Leipsic she had occasion to play on a
piano, and a friend whose ears discovered
her unusual talent urged and finally suc
ceeded in inducing Mr. Gnauck to leave
his daughter to study in the Royal Ccn
servatorium of Music. Miss Gnauck has
had in -those four years the benefit Of in
struction by the most exacting and thor
ough teachers, and so well did she make
STATE SPIRITUALISTS
ENTERTAINED AT BANQUET
Miss Gnauck was assisted in the con
cert by several San Francisco musicians,
among them Mrs. Ernest Palmer, Miss
May Bejle Rother, Miss Carlotta Vance
and Miss Edna F. Smart and Alfred O.
Glrard and Ansley Salz. ...
The concert here last evening fully dem
onstrated Miss Gnauck's musical success,
and an enthusiastic audience attested its
delight with repeated encores.
use of her time and opportunity that even
her principal instructor, a teacher of in
ternational reputation, considered her
progress and execution to be phenomenal.
At his advice Miss Gnauck played at the
examination concert Beethoven's C minor
piano concerto, of which the musical critics
• of the Leipsic papers spoke in highest
praise as having been performed with a
thorough* understanding of technique as
well as most , remarkable feeling. Her
appearance made an unusually favorable
impression, and it is pardonable that she
received the plaudits of that critical.audi
ence with a degree of satisfaction ¦which
was heightened- when she found on her
return that the apartments she had oc
cupied during her four years in Leipsic
were filled with flowers and gifts from ad
miring friends and fellow pupils of the
Conservatorium. . ' . •
Garret W. McEnerney leaves shortly for
an extended tour of Europe. He will be
accompanied on his trip by Louis Rosen
thai. They expect to be gone several
months.
Dr. R. Gross, a prominent physician of
Eureka, arrived in this city yesterday.
He is staying at the Lick.
The Rev. H. C. Minton returned from
the East yesterday. He is at present- a
guest at the Occidental.
William Hood, a merchant of Sacra
mento, Is in the city on business. He is
staying at the Grand.
C. A. Campbell, who conducts a general
merchandise store at Red Bluff, is regis
tered at the Grand.
R. H. Beamer. a member of the Sate
Board of Equalization, is spending a few
days at the Lick.
E. B. Burns, a prominent mining man of
Rogue River, Or., is a guest at the Grand.
C. J. Barry of Dawson is staying at the
Grand.
Dr. J. J. Hogan of Vallejo is a guest at
the Lick.
F. J. Weldon, an attorney of Uklah, is
at the Lick.
Ex-Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles
is registered at the Palace ¦with his wife.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Officers Who Hasten to the Scsue
Find No Living Participant
in the Affray to
Arrest.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Sept. 7.--Four cow
punchers, who engaged in a gunflght at
Antelope Pass, in Graham County, a few
days ago. are dead, and one man who wit
nessed the fight carries a bullet Imbed
ded in the bone of his heel. It was the
most remarkable fight that has taken
place In Arizona In many years.
Jesse Hoffman and his brother Hayden,
¦who is known by the cowboys as "Push
"Wadley," were at their camp eating a
Tratermclon, when Kavare Sanchez, a
JMexiC£n cowboy, approached them and
grabbed a piece of the melon. This an
grered Jesse Hoffman, who knocked the
Mexican down. Sanchez vowed venge
ance, but said he did not care to fight
with his fists.
"You wait— I come and fight you," he
eaid as he left.
Eancnez went after his partner. Benito
Canales, and the two then returned, well
armed, to take up the fight of Sanchez.
"When they got within fifty yards Jesse
Hoffman told Sanchez that he .had better
etop there, but the two Mexicans ad
vanced, unmindful of the warning.
"Don't come up here or I'll kill you,"
¦warned Hoffman, drawing his Eix
ehooter.
Sanchez did not halt, but Instead rushed
on Hoffman, and the latter fired. Sanchez
struck up*Hoffman'6 revolver and the ball
went Into the air.
Hayden Hoffman then came to the as
eistance of his brother and opened Ore.
which was returned by both Sanchez and
his partner. Hayden Hoffman was killed
and Jesse fought the two men for a few
minutes, killing Canales and falling, him
self mortally wounded, at the feet of
Sanchez.
The sole survivor of the fight then
mounted his horse and had gone fifty
yards when Jesse Hoffman, who was
dying, raised his body, secured his six
ehooter and fired at the retreating Mexi
can. The bullet struck Sanchez squarely
in the head, killing him instantly, and his
body was dragged several hundred yards
by his horse before it fell to the ground.
Fifteen ehots had been fired, ten of
•which took effect. The marksmanship of
Jesse Hoffman is regarded as remarkable
for one mortally wounded and breathing
out his last moments of life. He was
married and a widow and child survive
him, but his brother was unmarried.
A man named Brown, who keeps a sa
loon in Antelope Pass, was present dur
ing the fight and received a bullet in his
heel, which a surgeon could not extract.
bo firmlv ¦was it Imbedded. Officers ¦went
to the scene of the fight, but as every
participant had been killed there was no
one left to arrest.
Another killing took place soon after
ward In Hay Canyon during a round-up
on the Stockton ranch. Joe Grammer
Killed the camp cook, named. Burris. He
claimed that Burris fired at him as he
was leaving camp and he was compelled
to shoot in self-defense. Grammer was
held to the Grand Jury in $20,000 bail, as
he attempted to escape after shooting
Burris an5 drew his revolver when offi
cers came upon him.
CF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and ITew Pensions Are
Issued.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 7.— The Postoffice
X>epartinent to-day Issued the following:
Postofflce established: "Washington —
Earneston, King County, Albert E, Smith,
postmaster. Postmaster commissioned:
Walter M. Laird. Swtkum.
The following j-er«ions were granted:
California — Increase — Joseph F. Crane,
San Francisco. $S; Napoleon B. Douglass,
Plaucerville, $S; Georgianna T. Horton,
Lodi. tS.
"Washington — Increase — Daniel Hoover,
Pt. John, $S; Isaiah H. Page, Dwamish,
Last Survivor Is Siain by
a Mortally Wounded
Antagonist.
The police of Seattle testify that
O'Brien always was mean and fierce,
save when he feigned insanity for a pur
pose. O'Brien himself, in his own docu
ments produced here, acknowledges hav
ing once been in jail In England for mur
der.
J. P. Hughes says he knew O'Brien in
Schuyler, Neb., eight years ago; that he
often was In Jail there for various treach
erous deeds and that the Sheriff of the
county declared him the only man he
feared, O'Brien, Hughes says, then had
a wife and a small boy with him and
claimed to have "come from England by
the way of Chicago.- When last seen -he
was in jail there. He broke out and trace
of him was lost. ¦¦'-.¦¦
Father Gendreau preached on August
26 upon a theme fitted to the case of
O Brlen, but passed over his encounter
•with the murderer with a few words.
The father did not attend the hang
ing of O'Brien, as he probably
would have done had it not been for
the fcuil attack, but during the execution
the priest remained at home and prayed
for the man to turn penitent. His pray
ers availed naught, for O'Brien died curs
ing everything and everybody to the last,
and with nerves of steel and not the sign
of emotion or fear.
SEATTLE, Sept. 7.— It has 'developed
since the hansing,of George O'Brien, the
murderer of Lynn Relfe of Seattle, that
he behaved far more ferociously while
under the death guard than was then
made public and that he even assaulted
the Rev. Father Peter Gendreau. the
priest who waited upon him to minister
to hie spirUual wants. Several days be
fore he was hanged, O'Brien took advan
tage of the opportunity, when the guards
withdrew slightly to leave him alone with
his spiritual adviser, and like a blood
thirsty beast sprang upon the aged
father, siezed him by the throat and was
throttling him when the guards heard the
scuffle, rushed in and took the desperate
fellow away. The marks of the murder
er's hands were left upon the father's
throat/ .
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
The executive committee of the Associ
ated Students declined to appoint a suc
cessor to Treasurer Nourse, even after
having been requested to do so by the
faculty . committee. The committee now
intends that no athletic activity shall be
allowed under the supervision of either
the executive committee or Treasurer
Nourse. *¦ ¦ . ¦¦ .
VThe football team will start practice
on Tuesday next, even if I have to 'stand
good' personally for expenses incurred
during the season," is .the way he puts it.
Dr. Jordan said this afternoon that. he
would leave the matter in the hands of
the faculty committee and would not act
except in case of extreme necessity. He
favors appointing a committee of arbitra
tion, composed of students and members
of the faculty, to act In the event that no
other solution offers itself.
Captain Fisher said this evening that he
wquld not allow the trouble between the
treasurer and the faculty committee to
interfere with football work.
Special Dispatch to The Call:
: STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 7.—
Treasurer John T. Nourse of the Associ
ated. Students has been notified by the
faculty committee on students'- affairs
that he cannot longer hold his position,
beca use he has been suspended from the
university for,' deficiency in scholarship.
Treasurer.Nourse refuses to obe" the or
der.. J-..S • "a . result there is a possibility
that all college athletics may be stopped,
since the committee declares positively
that they shall not proceed under
Nourse's direction, and. Nourse has all the
¦ property and money of ' the Associated
Students.'.which are necessary to the car
rying on of athletic activities. ¦*' •
Chairman Green wrote to President Me-
Cormlck. of the Associated Students and
asked him to call a meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Associated Students
to appoint" a successor to' Treasurer
Nourse. Part of Professor Green's com
munication follows: - , -
Mr. Nourse 'was suspended by the committee
on scholarship at the end of last semester. The
committee on students' affairs promptly called
Mr. Nourse's' attention to the policy of sev
eral years' standing, which forbids students
under suspension from taking active part In
student affairs, and informed him that the
committee could. not consent to his continuance
in office while under suspension. The proper
officials of the Associated Students also were
Informed officially of the situation in order .that
they might take any action necessary in the
premises:-' As the time until commencement
wa3 very limited, the student body and its of
ficers had no adequate opportunity to deal with
the matter. In order that- the -business -might
not be neglected during the vacation, to the
detriment of the Associated Students. Dr.
Branner authorized Mr. Nourse to serve until
the university should open in September,. before
which date it was Impossible for the Associated
Students to act. • ' '¦
The case was reviewed upon September 3 by ,
the entire committee on students' affairs and \
the' unanimous conclusion reached that- no -i
change in the former action should be made.
Very truly yours. ¦' T* R. L- GREEN,
Chairman Committee .on Students' Affairs.
Treasurer Nourse declares his intention
of holding hie position and in justification
he made the following statement when
seen this afternoon:
According to the new amendment to the con
stitution of tbe Associated Students my duties
as treasurer began on September 1. The only
requirements of the amendment were that the
treasurer should be a graduate who had studied
three years at Stanford. Those requirements :
I fulfill and the committee on students' affairs
agreed to that amendment, which was passed
on March" 13. Professor Gilbert, chairman of i
the scholarship committee, had told me that
if an amendment were passed -providing that
the treasurer need not be a student, his com
mittee would not take action against me in
case of deficiency in scholarship. - On the 29th
of' March I petitioned this committee to be
allowed to drop all college work In order to
take up my duties as treasurer and this peti
tion was approved by my Instructors. At the
same time I quit attending classes. Before the
nomination of officers for the Associated StUr
dents on April 19 Professor Green, chairman of
the students' affairs committee, required
President Marrack of the student body to hand
in the names of candidates for the treasurer
ship. My name was handed in and approved by
the committee. On May 31 the committee on
scholarship reported my work as unsatisfactory
and suspended me for one semester. Professor |
Angell, chairman of the faculty committee on
athletics, wrote me on June 9 that after con
ferring with Dr. Branner, acting president of
the university, he had decided it would be
most practicable to the carrying out of the
treasurer's duties that I should continue in the
office during the summer. ¦ Dr. Jordan told me
that <the rule requiring student body officials
to meet certain scholarship i requirements, was
Intended to make bona* fide students, of those
pretending to be students. I am not registered
for work, nor do I. pretend to be a student.
Arizona Cow-Punchers
in a Desperate
Battle.
Almost Succeeds in Strang
ling Aged Spiritual
Adviser.
Declines to Be Removed Be
cause of Deficiency in
Scholarship.
Treasurer of Stanford's
Associated Students
Mutinous.
Act One of Savage
Ferocity.
Murderer O'Brien's Last
FOUR MEN
FIGHT AND
ALL PERISH
NOURSE DEFIES
THE FACULTY
RETURNS FROM GERMANY
FAMED AS A MUSICIAN
Miss Emilie Gnauck, Laden With Honors Won in Leipsic,
Gives Old Friends and Former Neighbors a Rare Treat
at'a Piano Recital in the Oid State House in -Benicia
TRIES TO SLAY
KINDLY PRIEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
15
TALENTED BENICIA YOUNG LADT -WHOSE SUCCESS AS A PIANIST
WHILE STUDYING IN LEIPSIC WON FAVORABLE MENTION FROM
CRITICS OF INTERNATIONAL NOTE.
AMUSEMENTS.
A cold is the beginning of catarrh. . It
may cause catarrh of any of the Internal
organs — the head, throat, lungs ana stom-
ach especially. A remedy that will cure
a cold. then, would cure all these direct
effects of colds. - Peruna is such a l-emedy.
We have letters from all over the United
State3 attesting to this fact. The poor
and rich alike use and recommend it. A
book of testimonials in the exact words
of the writer sent to any address free of
charge by The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus, Ohio. .
• Mr. James Utley, Camden, Benton Coun-
ty, Tennessee, writes:
"I am glad to have the pleasure cf tell-
ing the world what Peruna has done for
me. I was taken sick last April and had
Colds are considered one of the neces-
sary ills of. life. One is liable to catch cold
both summer anil winter. Very oftci sum-
mer colds prove fatal. They are always
dangerous. :. ", .
"/ suffered a number of times with
severe colds and was laid up rspeat-
edfy. A friend told me he, had taken
Peruna and it kept him well. I have
tried it, and found that it not only
cured me, but that taking Peruna oc-
casionally, especially in bad weather,
kseps me from catching cold. 'It
seems to throw all sickness out of
the 'system, and I would not be with-
out it."— F. J. Zeller.
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
No. 143, of Meadville, Pa., now Alderman
Third Ward, Tryonville. Pa., writes:
Do not accept any substitutes for -Pe-
runa. Do not allow any one to convince
you that there is anythinr "just as good."
There Is only one systemic catarrh rem-
edy, and that Ij Peruna.
"I shall be glad to answer any letters of
Inquiry to any one at any time."— James
Utley. . . .
Mr. S. C. Burgln, . Bryant, Douglass
County, Mo., writes:
"I had catarrh of the head, throat and
stomach. I suffered from the effects of
It. It would start In my stomach and run
up my spine into my head and neck, and
my stomach would' cramp and draw to-
gether and my head would swim. I was
sore over the pit of my stomach and was
a physical wreck. I was constantly spit-
ting mucus, as the mucus would rise la
my throat and mouth all the time.
"I got bold of one or" Dr. S. B. Hart-
man's pamphlets and saw Peruna recom-
mended, and I purchased some and began
to take it, and from the very start I com-
menced to improve. When I commenced
taking Peruna I weighed 140 pounds. Aft-
er taking flve bottles I am as strong as
ever and weigh lfO. and can do as good a
day's work as I ever could. I recommend
Peruna to all suffering humanity." — S. C.
Burgln.
three of the best doctors we have\ln our
country, and they did me but littie good
if any. When I began -with, your medicine
I could not lie down at night, my cough
was so bad. My f riemis all said that I
had consumption and that 1 . would not
live long. . . . • . .
"I commenced taking: Peruna. and be-
fore I had taken the first bottle I could
see that my cough was better, and when
I had taken six bottles I was a well man.
When I began with Peruna I only
weighed 120 pounds, and now I -weigh 153
pounds, and cannot say too much for Pe-
runa.
SUMMER GOLDS BREED CATARRH.
M r [ a lew cents this weeh.
ffl bpecial cut prices on perfumery this week to^
M also a few cuts on medicines, etc — money savers \
f#. every one of them. You must come* before Satur- W
day night, September 14th. Open day and night \
J2\ « »t«kertu=aij,r .eu. for *i. May Bells an ounce Tlr 1 1
Ff Kiifottsc. an ounce 65 c ]}
n Burton's Kidney & Liver Cure 70c Raymond's an ounce 25 c I
V- r A ri"t E < °;V* r ; t r,^ a ; " Violet " Ambre Roy*» I
it? i pr: * e u - . " • ;¦ an ounce 65c II 1
Ik Lenox Hasr Tonic 6£c Pivers Le Trefle Incarnate ,)
•9\ A »plendU preparation for the hair , - /
¦ft'. thai »clUrctu!«ly for >i. ¦ 2n Ounce 65c it
».i Anita Cream 30c Atkinson's White Rose IM
\A £ ,.^j xe 7 ne " r ;f i »-'<-t-j>';«4oc. an ounce 40c ml/
\\. Kirk'* Juvenile Soap box 25c «m.i,.» »m ,. £///
\\ Threccke. i n . b<,x-,c«!pric e ,1c Wright s "Mary Sfuari" anoz.3Sc i
wi Quaker Bath Cabinets $4 Baldwin's Wild Plum an oz. 35c Jj/I
VY< Tk * rer:lirHb * tbc ' biata « Cu e rial:iV*Jlcky"abot.$1.50 l/j/. '
Vy\ Dr«««Jw«y 4> lOih St., O*K!«n4 ' mffl
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Famous Doctor Urges
iPvs-ainSgi Pile (Dura.
,' Dr. Williams,, a prominent orlflclal surgeon,
says: ''It is -the duty of every surgeon to avoid
an operation if possible to cure in any other
way. and after many trials with the Pyramid
File Cure I unheMtatinuly recommend it In
preference to" an operation." For sale by all
druggists. - Little book; ¦."Piles. Causes, and
Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Dm*. Co., Mar-
shall. Mich. :' .. 15 ;:-:. : ¦;\--K\ ¦" . .
tf ¦ are so familiar to women everywhere. that they Insist upon having it, and will not
E tolerate another brand; sizes l'to 9; widths AAA to EE.
Chief Zeller Protects Himsdf ; ' '
With Pe-ru*na Against W& \ VU-^ %
Summer Colds. loa^^il^, jh
Hon. Frank J. Zeller, former chief of iKSlhr ' ''¦ ~
ADVEBTISEMENTS.The Manhattan Oil Company has practically
decided upon the construction of five larK»
earthen reservoirs for storing oil above tb^
ground. One of these tanks will be built at
once or as soon a s the contract and other pre
liminary matters can be arranged for •"'• The
first will be built on the Manhattan
Oil Company's land, block 22. Iowa colony
This tract, which Is owned by the Manhattan
Company, contains ten- acres and it is th-»
present plan . to make the reservation, cover
the entire, ten n acres. The dimensions of the
tank be 930x468 feet. If will ~ be eleven
feet below the surface of the ground and the
levees- wlir be sixteen feet above the: ground
and the whole tank will ba covered with a
roof of some • suitable material which has not
yet been definitely decided upon. The tank
will cost in the neighborhood of $40,000 or at
the rats of about 3^4 cents per-. barrel' The
cost of steel tankaee Is about 24 cents a bar
rel and the same' storagre capacity made of
steel would cost in the neighborhood of $275 000 '
The tanks will-not be walled, with 'brick nor
will there be. any material on the inside of the
tank: It is the intention to simply dig In
the t'round eleven feet deep and- with the dirt
will be thrown up levees sixteen feet high <
The National Oil Reporter describes a
cheap earth tank for the holding of oil
which a. Texas company built, the par
ticulars of which follow:
Finding Earth Tankage:
Thirty acres in the Sunset district have
been leased by the Monarch Company In
two tracts, respectively, of; ten . and
twenty acres, the latter going to a com
pany composed of Chicago people. In ad
dition to these a twenty-acre tract has
also been leased to J. E. Graves.
The oil companies in Kern County
are strongly objecting to having their
lands valued for purposes of assessment
for taxation on the basis adopted by the
County Assessor. The rolls of the county
have been increased nearly $5,000,000, the
increase being due to the taxing of oil
lands. Suits have been brought by the
Elwood Oil Company and the Bakersfield
Oil Company to recover sums paid for
taxes, the ground being that the title to
their claims rests' in the Government and
the possessory interest is not liable to
taxation.- •¦¦•• . • - ¦ . "¦
recent transfers of land in Ventura, be
tween California and Chestnut streets, has
some relation to the Standard Oil Com
pany, a rig has been installed and'drill
ing has begun. The drillers claim to know
nothing about the company employing
them and the mystery has been Increased
* > \ tl l e . l rection °f a board fence twenty
feet high, around the derrick. The well
is on the beach. During the past two
weeks, according to the same authority
searchers from Los Angeles have been
in \entura looking into the title of the
Union Oil Company's holdings. The
search involved 35,000 acres in Ventura
County.-
The Los Angeles Herald, reviewing the
.operations in . the California oil field dur
ing the month of August, finds that there
is a continued reduction in new work with
an Increase In the number of new wells.
The Herald says:
In summarizing the work in the oil fields of
Caltlornia during August there are few im
portant ixalnts to chronicle. -Work has been
at a standstill almost in several fields, ' t£ouj;n
it ig now at the turning point and something;
of a revival of work is looked for: The com
pletion of pipe lines to the Midway field has
made poenlble the extensive .work which has
been expected, while the. Sunset railroad- Is
now nearing completion and is expected to
open the way for extensive work in the Sun
tet field. In the Kern River field the great
topic o? Interest has been the project on foot
for consolidating the producing companies and
fcr'beveral days a board of appraisement hag
been at work placing- values on the assets of
the various companies which are planning, to
enter the combine, though as yet no definite
Information Is given out to the public. In
that field several companies are preparing ; to
set a number of ries at work on new wells
and work on many wells which has been sus
pended for some time will soon be resumed.
The position of the Standard OH Company
in the Kern River field is not yet defined,
though the company now has thirteen 35.000
barrel tanks filled with oil and Is still work
ing toward the 1.000,000 barrels on storage
which !s esid to be the objective
In the coast district there has been but one
Important development during the month. ¦ It
is reported that the Western Union Oil Com -
pany's second and third' wells on the Carreasa
ranch. In western Santa Barbara County, > are
both !n oil, with.. Indications that ' each will'
prove a' eoo<3 producer.
The Ventura; Free Press surmises that
Operations in August.
Stored for some years. It will not be dif
ficult for the great corporation to effectu
ally control the oil situation at the proper
time. While the producers are trying to
make their combination having primarily
4n view the raising of the price of oil to
a paying basis, the Standard Company is
making the lowest offer that has yet
come from it The two programmes of
low-priced oil and high-priced oil . are so
diametrically: opposed that the oil men
believe that the move of the Standard
Company will strengthen them, in their
attempt to get together.
The Los Angeles OH Producers' Asso
ciation began operations on its own ac
count last week, making its first deliv
eries of oil. The policy of the executive
committee appears to be one of secrecy.
The Los Angeles papers say that the
committee delayed the beginning of sales
pending the completion of negotiations in
which there were some outside factors.
The executive committee has absolute
power in the sale of oil and^the general
management of the affairs of The associa
tion. .
The interesting news of the week to oil
producers, apart from that concerning the
progress of tho combine which is beingr
promoted by W. ~S. Porter of L03 An
geles to include all the producing com
panies of the Kern County district, re
lates to an offer made by the Standard
Oil Company. The two pieces of news
practically fit together, one Illustrating
the necessity of the combination In which
bo many producers are directly concerned.
The Standard Oil Company has ' made
an offer to the producers of the . Kern
River district to give them .15 cents per
barrel on a contract for three years and
is willing to take from 5000 to 50,000 bar
rel* per month at that price. Some time
Eince the Standard Oil Company began to
remove a part of its storage plant from
the Lima oil fields to this State, and the
indications have been In the direction of
an intention to repeat In California the
storage campaign which the company has
carried on in the East. - .
The opinion of the California/ oil pro
ducers is that if the Standard Oil Com
pany can secure a large amount of oil,
reckoned In millions of barrels, to be
STANDARD OIL COMPANY SEEKS CONTROL OF THE MARKET.
A leading physician says that too many
children are wearing glasses. His view is
that time would cure a majority of the
defects if given a chance.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 7.— Judge Mar
tin to-day handed down his decision In
the long pending case of British Columbia
vs. Theodore Ludgate, a Chicago capital
ist, over the title to Dead Mans Island,
opposite the city front of Vancouver,
where Ludgate wanted to establish h
sawmill. Ludgate'a claim was qua3hed
by the court, which held that the title to
the land was vested in the King, on be
half of the province. An injunction was
Issued restraining Ludgate from trespass
ing on the land.
Ludgate Loses Bead Mans Island.
THE football season Is on and the
youth with the chrysanthemum
bangs will soon be a feature on
the public thoroughfares. V Dr. F.
W. Simpson, head coach of the
Berkeley team, has begun the task of
whipping a team into shape that may or
may not bring victory to the blue
and gold on Thanksgiving day. He is be
ing assisted by "Jimmy": Hopper and
within a few weeks many of the old foot
baH men will return to their alma mater
to assist in . bringing .the team up to- a
winning standard. ¦ . , . ..
Dr. Simpson was a star ; tackle in his
day. He made the - Varsity In '95-96 and
'97, In 1S98 he was chosen. coach by the
Oregon University and had the/satisfac
tion of seeing that eleven win the inter
collegiate championship during that and
the • following year. . Hopper, who' will as
sist him, played quarter and end for the
blue and gold and later coached a north
erjp college team. - - . - •
The head coach discussed the prospects
of freshmen and Varsity elevens yester
day. He was pleased to say that there,
was plenty of good material and - there
was every indication that the college
would put forth two elevens that would
bring success to their university.
Dr. Simpson Is delighted with the spirit
manifested, by the student body, which,
he says, means half. the battle. "It is the
intention of the eleven to win every game
they go into," said the coach. "We hope
to finish the season with a long line of
The Olympic Club Is by no means ne
glectful of the moment. They are organ
izing a team in the Post-street building
which will give either of the college elev
ens a rub. What will be a surprise to
many fs the announcement that George
Cadwallader will captain the Olympic
eleven and that the best of the ex-Var
sity players now In this city will be found
in the ranks.
victories to our credit. We have done very
little work. I believe In giving the men
lig-ht work at the outset of the season.
The. trouble has always been, that the
football candidates have done too much
playing at the start and this has had a
tendency to* take all the snap out of them
and make them grow stale. We are going
to try and avoid that thl3 year.
"We have eight of last year's Varsity
.men and we -have' divided them Into
squads. The ends are coaching ends, the
tackles are teaching the green material
the inner points of the game and the oth
er veterans are doing likewise. . The fresh
man material as a whole looks good. More
or less have played on preparatory school
teams, but none come with great reputa
tions, which is better for all concerned.
If a man is big, strong, »fast, willing and
heady he is better than a man who comes
to college thinking he knows pretty near
ly as much as the veterans.
"We expect great things from our men.
We have in Walter Christie a trainer who
thoroughly understands his -work and who
is well liked by the men. The first game
of the season will be played on Septem
ber 28. We will have the first line-up prob
ably-a week or ten days before the game.
We will play good, straight football. Of
course the team will have a few trick
plays, but it is my belief that no team can
carry out a trick, unless it has the ability
of playing straight- football. While we
have many old players with us. they are
not certain of places onthe eleven! ' Every
man-must try for his position, and it will
be a case of the best man winning out."
Among the veterans who will probably
play -on this year's eleven are: "Wreck"
Womble, ¦ who has been elected captain :
Albertson and Clay, who played guard. in
former years; Duden, fullback: Johnny
More, quarter and kicking full; Harry
Hudson, end. and Overall and Stow, who
wllltry ! again for the line.
Lutz was a member of the Order of OM
Fellows at Orange, and the funeral nil 1
be held on Sunday afternoon under th»
auspices of that lodge. .
SANTA ANA, Sept. 7.— A Coroner's Jury
this morning found that Fred Lutz camo
to his death, from a knife wopnd. Infligt^!!
by Atwood P. SrjrouL. The autopsy sliowtd
that - the point of ¦SprdtU's* KriiftH-had
pierced the right auricle of the *heart
three-quarters of an Inch, causing f in
ternal hemorvhage. It is considered re
markable that Lutz lived fourteen' hours
after his heart was pierced.
Santa Ana.
of a Stabbing Affray in
Remarkable Vitality of the Victim
LIVES FOTTBTEEN HOTTES :
"WITH WOTJITD IN HEAR?
The following pensions have been
granted: California— Original— John She
more, Veterans' Home. Vapa. $S. War
with Spain — Edmund C. Southwick. "Cot
ton, $$; George W. KIrker, Selma, ! $!•».
Widows— Mary A. Ecklef, Tiilare. £8;
Louisa Ruhland. San Francisco, $3f Dell»
Morrison. Woo-Jland. $8. Jessie Brewster,
SierraviHe, $8. Mexican war widows—
Bridget McGinn, Stent. $S.
Oregon — Rebecca P. McArthur, S'letz.
Appointed, California— H. Kite.
Washington— Nevada County, vice T. P.
Redmayne. resigned.
Oregon — E. Hanberg, Hopkins, Klatso:>
County, vice William H. Miller, resigned:
S. J. Allison, Point Terrace, Lane County,
vice L. S. Ogden, resigned.
Washington — J. B. Courtney, Cle\*elancL
Klickitat County, vice Mrs. P. Vamer.
removed. ¦ %
Postoffice established, California— Rodeo,
Contra Costa County, previous order dis
continuing this office rescinded. Xvima
changed, California — Los Berros, San Lui>
Obispo County, to Berros. Elma Cesmat,
Postmaster. Postmasters commissioned.
California— Franklin R. Lcve. Palo Cedros
Howard McCaaghey. Smiths Ranch.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The Postofflc*
Department to-day issued the follow ing t
and More New Pensions
Issued.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal S«rvica
It la the belief that when Mrs. Fay
reached home she was unable to get Into
the house by any of the doora and placed
the ladder to the window and In that
manner gained an entrance. The exer
tion may have affected her heart and
caused her death.
Some of the neighbors, who did not
know that Mrs. Fay had returned home
and who did not know that the doctor
was out of the city, yesterday afternoon
noticed a ladder leading to one of the
upper windows cf the house. They sur
mised that burglars had been in the
house and proceeded to make an Investi
gation. Upon entering the room to which
the ladder led the neighbors were horri
fied to find Mrs. Fay lying on the floor
In an unconscious condition, her death
following a few hours later.
- Mrs. Fay had been spending the sum
mer at Lake Taboe and returned home on
Thursday afternoon. Dr. Fay waa out of
the city at the time of her home-coming-
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 7.— The wife ". of
Dr. Franklin G. Fay. a member of the
State Board of Hpalth. died at 11 o'clock
last night at the family rrsfdence. 1723 C»
street, under peculiar and distressing cir
cumstances.
A smelting plant on Yreka Flats would prove
a profitable enterprise In: treating ores from
all sections of the county and | especially from
the- Humbug, range .- of mountains west of
Yreka. >. -There are many ledges on Greenhorn,
Humbug, , ¦ McAdams, ¦ Deadwood. and Cherry
creeks, as well J as j the numerous /Srulches in
Yreka. Hawkinsville, Humbug, and
Cherry ' Creek districts that - could furnish
quartz ¦ In the. greatest abundance. Owing , to
the presence ; of . sulphurets and other sub
stances in the quartz it is difficult to work
with: success except, by.: thelsmelter process
although showing rich prospects of gold. MiN
lions of tons of quartz of this kind are available
without much difficulty In delivering and rail
road connection from the various districts could
be made at no great cost. I even | from Humbug
over the old trail via 'Humbug "Gulch. This
enterprise .will- some' day be established by
capitalists who take the trouble to investigate
the 'chances of' fortune making in working, up
theiquartz of this county In a. successful man
ner.' ¦ 'i ; . \\ - •; ••; v ¦>-¦¦ ; ' ¦ : ¦ ¦: . .• .
The Yreka Journal says:
The Stanislaus Milling and Power Com
pany, will establish an electric line from
the plant at Knights Ferry to the Wright
& Lane' mines. The motors will, be put
in at the mine to run the 'machinery and
for other, purposes. 1 'Water power will be
applied in crushing, which will: be .con
veyed through l an eight-inch^ pipe a dis
tance of , seven miles, from Littlejohn
Creek, across which an "immense dam has
been constructed. • , .
The Sonora Union-Democrat reports
that Boston capitalists who hold a bond
on the Starr. King mine are about to make
a payment upon it. The Starr King is
southeast from the Providence mine,
which is being operated under a bond. '-.
The Colfax Sentinel says that the Girard
Gold Mining Company has added four
stamps to the outfit near Cisco.
Five dredges will probably i be working
soon at South Thermalito for the Feather
River Exploration Company. This com
pany built the first successful dredge 1 on
Feather River land and is now .operating
three machines. .. •
More Eastern Capital.
The report that Phelps, Dodge & Co.
would build a smelter at either El Paso
or Deming is denied. The building of the
Pacific Union Smelting Company's plant
at Lordsburg has been indefinitely de
layed by the Eastern labor troubles.
The Yreka Journal says that an exten
sive copper deposit has been discovered by
McVey on the western side of Siskiyou
Mountains in Siskiyou County, about five
miles south of the Oregon line of Joseph
ine County^ and twenty-four miles from
Jacksonville, Or. The nearest point for
supplies is Jacksonville. The Journal sur
mises that other valuable copper locations
will be found in the Siskiyou range and
says that a very valuable deposit exists
in Siskiyou County near the Del Norte
County line at Preston Peak, while rich
cinnabar lodes have been worked for years
past at the head of Beaver Creek.
. The Scott Valley Advance reports that
a deal is on for the purchase of a gold
ledge on Scott Mountain for the cinnabar
company for $20,000. . •, -
. According to - the San Diego Uniri .the
new smelter at San Diego is almost ready
to receive ore. The masonry work is done,
the iron stack which goes up above the
masonry chimney Is yet to be put In place".
The capacity of the furnace Is. claimed to
be from thirty to fifty tons of iron daily,
according to the ore used. The smelting
will be done by the radiation of heat and
not by direct application to the ore itself.
The Union says that the furnace is only
a small part of the plant which will be
eventually built. As soon as the demon
stration-Is made that the best of iron can
be' supplied with this furnace work will
begin on a" plant capable of producing
from 400 to 500 tons of iron a day.
Growing out of the large sweepstake
deal in Trinity County are benefits to con
tractors of various kinds. The sum of
$35,000 . goes to one contractor for haul
ing in between 1000 and 1200 tons of freight.
The same contractor, William M. Welsh,
has also a contract for hauling to the
Bully Hill mine, from which, according
to the Redding Free Press, he received
from $S0O0 to $10,000 per month. '
Contractors Reap Profits.
A mineral map of. Inyo County has been
completed in the drafting department of
the State Mining Bureau. The State Min
eralogist will have a inineral map, with
accompanying register, prepared for each
mineral producing county in the State,
the same to be revised yearly as develop
ment .progresses. Each .mine producing
mineral deposits is located as accurately*
as possible on the map with a number,
and the register furnishes a description
of the same, with information, of a gen
eral character. The Mineralogist has sent
out a circular letter referring to this mat
ter, in which he says: •
Some changes will be made in the character
c£ the registers, which it is hoped will -be an
improvement on those, previously Issued. A
plain statement of facts will be Kiven and all
mines, will be treated alike, , as under this sys
tem- it will.be impossible to "boom" or- favor
one property more than another... The Miner
alogist has instructed his assistants .to furnish
facts and . not theories, . so ," that any literature
that may. be iesued by: the bureau, will , be ac
curate and beyond question. .. ' ; . . \ .
¦ Tho Pioche Consolidated Mining Com
pany, which owns practically all the min
ing property at Pioche, Nev., is about to
resume active work.
The Redding Free Press says that the
Moore group of mines,' next to the Bully
Hill mine, .has been sold to a company of
Leadville, Col., people for $8000.
The Trinity Journal hears that the Al
toona quicksilver mine at Cinnabar, Trin
ity County, which has been working for
several years, will soon suspend opera
tions. The management has taken the
water pump from the mine and has dis
continued taking in fuel.
The Stockton Independent says that the
dredger to be installed upon the Oalave
ras Itiyer to rescue gold lrom the bottom
and sio.es of that strearn will have a large
field for operations. The projectors have
secured nearly all the rights from the
poinz near Jenny «L.inc to a place near
Hunts Landing, this area being . nearly
three miles long. The <:alavcras Prospect
is of opinion t'nat this particular section
of tho Calaveras River ought to prove
very profitable for: dredge mining, as
many of the tributary streams li-iad in
the rich gravel and placer claims • on
either side of the river. - ..:....
Dredging the Calaveras.
The sale price In San Francisco has been as
high as $118 55 and as low as $26 25 per nasic.
The present price Is $46 to $47. Up to the close
of 1S99 the 1,831,022 flasks produced probably
sold for $88,000,000. In 1887 Oregon was credited
with a product of sixty-five flasks. There are
a number of deposits there. More recently a
deposit of. this ore has been found in Nevada,
but whether of sufficient value to be worked
is not known. In 1893 there was a deposit
reported discovered at Terllngua, Tex., which,
it is claimed, has yielded about 1O0O flasks.
: These assistants will begin this month
to -examine the various deposits and con
struction work for the purpose of gath
ering data for the forthcoming bulletin.
Some companies have declined to . accede
to this request. The Mineralogist says
that all Information wlil be treated with
the strictest, confidence by the bureau. It
is his intention to obtain information of
§ general character which will aid and
e of practical value to the miners
throughout the State,
i California has furnished nearly all the
quicksilver produced in the United States,
and there, are twelve counties In the State
where quicksilver . deposits have ' been
found, these being Coiusa, Lake, Napa,
San Benito, Santa Clara. San Luis Obis
po, Sonoma,. Trinity, Monterey Mendo
cino. Huinboldt and Siskiyou. The Min
ing and Scientific Press says that Califor
nia quicksilver mines have produced in a
half-century 1.831,022)fiasks of quicksilver.
The same paper furnishes the following
facts:
.. The first step toward securing informa
tion nece&sary for. the bulletin to be'is
sued by the State Mining Bureau relative
to the quicksilver resources of the State
has been taken. The State Mineralogist
has during tlie past week addressed let
ters to the owners 6r superintendents of
all the :produr;lng quicksilver mines, re
questing them to give the field assistants
of the State Mining Bureau acces3 to
¦their mines.
Exertion of Having to Enter
Dwelling by a Ladder
Proves Fatal.
Gold Dredging Plants Are
About to Enlarge Their
Field.
Mrs. P. G. Fay Expires
\ After Reaching Home
From Tahoe.
Mobile Quicksilver Next
Metal to Receive
Attention.
Dr. F. W. Simpson^Head Coach at California, Speaks of Blue
.and Gold Chances— -Olympic Club Will Organize a
Team, Which Will Be Captained by George Cadwaltader
SUMMER OUTING
ENDS IN DEATH
BUREAU SEEKS
MERCURIAL ORE
ELEVENS PREPARING FOR
SHORT FOOT BALL SEASON
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL, : SUNDAT^EPTEMBEK 8, 1901
EXPERT WHO WILL COACH THE
ELEVEN OP CALIFORNIA UNI-
J VERSITY.
16
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free \This Week.
. TN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED
.^f^^P^ffl^'^V the value of CORRECT DIAGNOSIS in the cure of Deafness, Catarrh
i!lP!^P^ arui a11 forms °^ Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases. Drs. Shores have
• «w!$iWp ( '- arranged to examine absolutely free of charge all who apply before September
J} M>M J 5- T)T "'- Shores will tell you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer,
the " eA USE" of your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be
/^^^^^^' . • \ This grand special offer goes into effect AT ONCE and holds $rood every
lllliii^ "-*«* fIay * nis .. week U P to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK. SEPTEM-
wr^l^ ' /*^^v fgfrl 5 BER 14; to all who apply. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited: Ap-
Wi» A^^ <«^*<v ' V \ ' P' y any a^ ls wee k-
|S a^ TE5T DR5. SHORES' SKILL
W ||M| AT DRS. SHORES' EXPENSE
A^^MV •* y ' Th * s free eT P ert examination te given by Drs. Shores fpr the special benefit of those wh*
•V v >r 11^^^^ \,*»'" S Bre '" r>ou;B ' r as to what their ailment really ts It will also allow the- -public to test
— .^-..-^^^Sgrss^^*. • FREE, Dr. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists " at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs!
-¦'¦¦x •:'. .iSa^jr^-s^tSr # Shores court the fullest investigation. This expert examination is absolutelv free to all
-flrifflR^^S&C^ OP- 'T\^w. wh0 arrI >' t>^fore September 15. YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE TREATMENT
JmffiMkVp^^ ii^ft "J^"^TOB^ OR PAY DRS. SHORES ONE CENT. w*^ i.^r. u.lai.uL.m
* WIK^S^tV^^_^*y^r+t<<^&G88B*- Drs - s J ores know there are thousands of sick people with Catarrh or some OBSCURB
T^^a^,^'S7:7r^^%i>V 5C^ N S?yS US^°. R C °^ P^ I ? ATE . D CHRONI^ DISEASE who blindly doctor year after year
"\S»*1T'*^U ZljifVr'^ wlth this doctor and that, and spend -hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATENT MED!-
• \^y%V>5^A?U' CIN ? S C7 T ™ ba . ve J 1 ? co , rr , ect or. definite idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT REALLY 13
r: ->-</.V3t 1 ' V^ or the CAUSE of their sickness. It is to this class of sufferers that Drs. Shores' free ex-
- •.,_..¦ 'V . p er t examination will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT
-..„,„ ., MRS. LENA NIERENCE, • If you are a "Doubting Thomas" as to Drs. Shores* skill; if you are deaf- if you hiv*
1409% Harrison street, San Francisco. Cai Catarrh;, if you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are in DOUBT as to tne CAUSK
'¦¦"¦•¦'¦¦ /\GlTri-I /Vl £% ? f vo " r """itl'^Sl^t, 8 "^ 8 , especlally lnvlte vou to ««» This rrpe expert examination
¦^»>^ ¦ IMJJ\J-\». • is made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS. SHORES ARE" "IN FACT"
MRS. NIERENCE,; says:- I have been a WHAT THEY ARE IN NAME, SAN FRAXCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS * IN THS
great sufferer from asthma' and catarrh. My TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS. CATARRH AND ALL FORMS OF" NERVOUS ANt>
athma, since February, has been so bad it in- complicated chronic diseases. DR&. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS EACH
terfered with my sleep. ' I would have to SIT WEEK POINT THE WAY.. If you apply this week Drs. Shores will tell you free what your
UP IN BED TO BREATHE and I feared I ailment is and If you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK,
•would SMOTHER. ¦ I would also COUGH ALL ; After you have had your, case diagnosed, FREE, if you want to be CURED. Drs. Shores'
NIGHT. I have tried eight different doctors prices and terms are within easy reach of all. $5 a month for all ratarrhal chronic diseases,
for my, trouble, but got no relief. I became medicines free. _ _
very weak and run down because of loss of . rxi-' * r\rr>r>^
rest. This was my condition when I r'ainelto I.) fci AH IN fcSS . •• //Ws207<>P%F i^3i> l
? r c-an S ; h 8 °ay S ££%i££^t^Md£& *?** th * jf-tj™" 7 ° f S 1^ 1 B " ReCd ' the /HWHI
ME from the start. In EIGHT DAYS, under we »- K^ 0W " M T r - r Repd s *vs: l'&M&fi^&^
their treatment, I COULD SLEEP GOOD at l HAVE BEEN TOTALLY DEAF in my fW«W^ A
rJ^ht, and now, after three weeks' treatment.' left ear for two antl one-half . years, and my I'M^siSr \
I SLEEP ALL NIGHT. LONG. My eough does hearing in the other ear was also affected. I #fflg/W3§F \
not hoihpr me any more, my CATARRH IS- HAVE ALWAYS HAD CATARRH in my head; iFsfes^l
MUCH BETTER and I can say I feel good mv nose would run, and I would HAWK and iW-%$siV% \
now. and stronger and better in every way. SPIT a great deal, especially in the morning. fcSMSSiJ'' ' -»*
I heartily recommend Drs. Shores' treatment This was my condition when I came to Drs S^SS?*v**/* f ' ~^Sf^
to all sufferers from asthma, for they have Shores & Shores JUST ONE MONTH AGO I ¦^P&ZgM.fi ii^StSsf " l^r*K
done wonders for me. - ' ¦':¦ ¦.;; can say Drs. Shores' treatment helped me /J^vyMHi ¦<2jZL3 ! £r°r
(Signed): MRS., L. NIERENCE, FROM THE START; MY HEARING BErtAN \WW < s£3
14O9V4 Harrison St., San Francisco Cal. TO IMPROVE "FROM THE'FIRST. I CAN W« * 1
',".-¦¦¦¦ -¦ -" ¦'¦¦: .. NOW HEAR MY WATCH TICK. FROM THE YvVv. s'V" .» \
Home Treatment Cures. : 1 * AM getting bettek \V*. . /SsfekA "
No one deprived ' of the benefits -of Drs. I TAKE PLEASURE TN RECOMMENDING nLa " .rfffifffiSX
Shores' treatment because of living, at. a dls- DRS SHORES' TREATMENT TO ALL SUF^ itfSsTlS ,im''WS^m ¦
tance from the office. : The same wonderful and" FERERS FROM CATARRH AND DEAF- \ JfiS»K*~$^8P*'
uniform success Is found In their Home Treat- NESS. FOR THEIR TREATMENT HAS I "" -*w*^ a^^g? '"'/
ment by. Mall. , By the use of a symptom blank DONE WONDERS FOR ME : * • *-H "^ ' / •
they are able to diagnose- diseases correctly and Any one. doubting this testimonial is at per- A '%- /
prescribe for. them, and by their system of re- feet liberty to call on me and I will gladly J0 \
ports they keep a close. watch on each case>.' verify the truthfulness of th<? same. • M X '^yh.
W^rlte for symptom blank and. have your (Signed) . SAMUEL B. REED. >TK> \. -«sS^/ V
trouble properly diagnosed, free. - ;¦¦...;..¦. ¦; .. ¦. K28 Otis Street. Berkeley, Cal. >f(|l™ >&>^^ hi.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists W Mm
Ifer-HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKEr ST. ?*Mm S^£F^^
P-- 1 : 6 — 0U "~^-* ee^ JP ay f '..?>*; ?r5®,i ?: m> 3 E y* nlnss> 6 to 8 * -Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon. • - 23IS Otis Street. Berkeley* r+t. -*r^*'
| TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER ioth. |
We will start the Fall selling season on Tuesday with THE MOST NOTABLE ASSEMBLY OF 3
SH VALUES ever advertised at this time of the year. NEVER BEFORE have such up-to-date and splendid- US
ly stocked departments been so ready for an aggressive and enthusiastic Fall trade. Every section of tins ' -^^
m~ departments should be filled with customers on Tuesday. "... —•
g PRICES LIKE THESE WILL CREATE A VERITABLE SENSATION. %
i NEW SATIN- $ kb Eft $1.50 BLACK 4% g% flf ¦" i
g FINISHED VENETIANS.^ # K 0U PEBBLE CHEVIOT |||Jlj.^
S= A TREMENDOUS BARGAIN FOR S **&** ThP genuine English Cheviot, the fa- W 1 jsffljk ¦** ". .
u... , J3 A •¦ vnred black material for skirts: strictly. S KB fie w ¦ •• —
m^- It> an introductory pricp. for the rf>cu- Bd VlMT a " '•' r>o1 - a heavy and KPo.l-wparincr qual- m 3 m B V fff Z£
•T- lar vaJuc is positively $10 .i0 a s=u?t. Hich- KJ «\I]I1 itv 52 inches wide; sells regularlv at XgLjH vLJ3 I li ~"~«
J5= class imported Venetian Suiting, fully b2 tA WUIl j f jo tv r an introductory offer. O©/-' I Ul —a
•»- inches wide, of a brilliant satin flnish. the , on Xuesdaj- Yard C?OW ZZ2
•»— most correct fabric for a tailor suit; in ' • -—
S^ ehades of Cardinal, Garnet Tan. Brown, Castor, Royal. Na.vy, * QA! C AC UlAU.PI ACC ¦¦ '-jg
•»_ Cadet. Reseda and Gray. Great value at g 1 ? 60 ** Otf*l-Ci \J I" n(wri B V/LiA9O 23
S- Prono BlhatrncC AAP Yarrf Tempting prices for Tuesday that BLACK. BRUADCLOTH.
g; Ul fcpc RIUdilUMW IfilU, <j 0 a mighty business. All t<J fifl nnalitu A magnificent quality.* made by Bradford's
•>- RPClllSr VSltlfi BDn Wo01 Cr *P e Albatrots, the regular 9*iUU yuaillj leading mill, of a very exceptionally fine satin ~2
«_. IIC5Uiai IUIU6 wwut go,, QUa ,nty. in shades of Pink. *i nc Varrf finish and very finest fast black dye; guaran- r3
Llrht Bine. Old Rose, I>vender. Cadet. Tan. Brown, Gray. Re- iJlidJ IQlUi teed to g^lve perfect satisfaction; cannot be — •
m^— eeia. Royal ani Xavy. For Tuesday only duplicated elsewhere under |2. Here Tuesdav for <j» t as -^
g" ~ Yard ****V* -, Tar<1 Cp B =5
1 NEW BLACK SILKS AT SPECIAL PRICES TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY. |
•»• A very gpecial Bale of Silk a. is planned for Tuesday, of the most popular -weaves for Fall— BLACK =2
S PEATX BS SOIB and BLACK TAFFETA. ; .-We have often given you some remarkable values in Silks, but =3
. «£= vre never liad a Silk side that could equal this for values and cheapness. , i .- US
g Peao de Sole gsrjfflr J3r--?"Swt Guaranteed Taffeta, EXTRA SPECIAL. 3
fc 69c Yard. gS |P - £ I W«SSJ ft 27-Inch, $1.10 Yard .ttS&rr^SS NEW L'ECUTANT SILKS Ci 0(1 -3
• & t"SSi. %SZ" J?' fi*S$J "* warra^A "S I ' Y.rd 2
Z: «| 95 POSH dB Sole A =a*nlflcent qua!- On special sale Tuesday 91.10 yard £ d ar **$£*. a wa^ d ed „,£ ¦ Y « 4
m- yli4J rCOU UB OUIC ny for the money; Qfi. np.h TaffPfjl Unquestionably the finest for dresses or waists; in shades of Pink
ZZ QOp Yard extra heavy. very OU IIIUH 1011610 value in thhs city; fully 36 Light Blue, Rose, Reseda. Turquoise. Tan
gS 3*U ICIUi lustrous black; eplen- CI r»T Yard Inches .wide; a Taffeta New Blue,- Navy, Cream and Black For ~Z2.
flld for sMrte or complete suits: worth WliWI IOIUi that sells re»rularly at a special introductory offer fl> 1 OO
«g— |1 25. Special at 92c yard ?1 60. Tuesday and Wednesday.. ?l.O7 yard y ar 'd O « — - -^
•^* • ¦ ¦ ' <w
fc MOST EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
| NEW FALL SUITS, SKIRTS AND WAISTS, i
y This is the rarest bargain happening of the . y^^^S canceled order of an Eastern house, consisting — S
«^- year, and before Tuesday night this sale will g^^^p of 150 New Fall Tailor-Made Suits, at actually — m
•^ be the most-talked-about trade event that has £Jr • ' e8S t * ian e cost of production. Beyond all \^»
taken, place for a longtime. A New York man- &m£> doubt, this will be the foremost offering of the
ufacturerer, whose conceptions are noted for /^^/ \ season. ~^g
style, elegance and exclustveness, sold us the XBaVv \ ; "^
I $20.00 Suits Iv^iKS M\- $27 - 50Suit s «re|
tin 7R Each sS"i-°i«lS I $8.50^' «#is£?ti
oIIIh I U CdCn nf hL5 i n^ / 1 WIUlUU feet, with full ;^»
yiUI I W of black and J \ \>, flarinff circular
navy. These suit3 Sl\ . Ujfe^ flounce skirt; trimmed with neat satin folds -^
«T are beautifully tailored, very nobby and consid- gJ ?£$£&& and fine stitching; jacket lined with best qual ty =?
fc ered elegant value at ?20. On Tuesday. J10.,j / ::^S^ sl 'k: a very high class suit; grand value at -•
each. -^^* J27.50. On Tuesday, $18.50 each. =^
£ New Silk Dress Skirts t-JSSS^TSS: CR J^I r s i L c K H W^!»5T^ LE 50 m PETTICOATS $r nn |l
Sneclal $22.50 Each A? 1 t re . m^% ?* S3-75 Each, Worth $7.50. our petticoat Ba i es are the vhiUU 3
.IS »..t ,?- S^T h««5«^SLTJi?vi!J We are constantly planning for sen- talk of the town, because U r«h
S= 1 U a FV?\S~^ ?'J5?£ d s °f el 5L tuc^ ed sational waist sales, and here is an- our values are the biggest. .
ZZ tSf^,^J iSrf^i' fEiV?. »r,J ?* ' } other one - Thls season's finest Taffeta We announce another sale for Tues- ==5
2= ¥~£ &^J£?t?£j^3~t .£.2T2£ S£ Waists; were made to sell at $7 50. but day These Petticoats are made of =—
SI ct^'ii? *^f,^ way p e^|^t S22 >5 ° we closed them out at our own price. S°od wearing Taffeta, with a deep ac- =3
y Special value Each v <*»-*• — Made In tne i ate8t fashion, in all the cordion-plaited flounce and ruche bot- --¦
leading colors and sizes. On CQ.75 tom ! ln a^ the best colorings CK.00 -^
B REMARKABLE OFFERING GER- ffjT "' " " " ' " E^ J^ 7 "' "^
£ MAN EIDERDOWN FLANNELS B^ r b %* L * S £L -S^I^n C A| r nr «r W , .„„ ¦
£ 15c Yard. SS^&^SL^^ SSS £S?£ 1 bALE °/ NEW T LABES « 3
S= 300 pieces will be placed on sale, the J' 0 " Tuesday . for less than import Uar new ¦ .L.aces, Trimmings and ' z£i
g— grandest collection of designs and col- P rlce - - Allovers are here — they outrival in """•
»- orlngs ever gathered together. Heavy 100 pieces 17-lnch Silver Bleached beauty of designs and clever work- — 5
fc and soft Wrapper Flannelg in exqul- Russian Crash, a regular 10c £\l n man ,^; n anv „„,,•... c u n ,J nrr c
t= site Persian stripes, dots and scroll de- quality. Special Yard "4C mansnip any. previous showing. Spe-
g— si&ns, exact copies of the. French: in 100 pieces 18-lnch All-LJnen- Crash, c 131 ior 1 ue?dav. •-••-•: " • - "'US
Red, Blue, Green. Tan, Lavender, Pink in Blue and Red Checks; regu- 50 pieces new Fren«h Chantillv Gal -^»
and Black tnd White grounds. \GL r lar value 16 2-3c yard. Special.. 1 t n loons, the most beautiful pat- C%=~ ' ~~Z
»- Great value at Yard ¦Ow Yard »* ** terns. Special at Yard -4OC ,?S
I 1 IMMENSE PURCHASE OF LADIES' GLOVES. 1
g 2400 pairs $1.50 Gloves on Sale, beginning Tuesday, 98c pair. Fitted and Guaranteed, 3
"VTe announce for Tuesday another of thoee Btirrins:''bar8*ln ealea that have done so much to build ud our Immense — "ft
business — a day when our patrons will reap the benefits of astonishingly low prices on high-grade and g-ood-wearinir HZm
tm- gloves. There were 24©O PAIRS in this big purchase, which we secured from a New York Importer at a big loss because -5
g** «¦ large Eastern Una had canceled them owing to delay in voyage. These Gloves were always retailed at $1.50 a pair Tho "TJ
c*- fit, finish and workmanship are unsurpassed. Made of the finest French kid in pique and overseam style with 2-clasn Z2*
g~ fasteners and latest stitched backs; in all sizes and colors of tan, brown, red, mode, gray, white and black. — ¦"
THE GRANDEST GLOVE OPPORTUNITY OF THE YEAR. $1.50 GLOVES FOR 98c PAIR. =5
S£= -I COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. '
E VELm T KBBON A M w E q N m ALE *
«^— Yard. Piec*. -' ir*?1?y^ Pisces best qual- n
j^ No. 1. 4c 3Hc .^t^tfSKai^* ity Silk Moreen, In — ¦»
No, 7.16c $1.5O — — — — — — — — ____ __^_«____^^^_____^__ . riety: former price, -*«
2TT . . ,75c; Tuesday.. 3<ic yd — «g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
b^ ff'ft'W" E^^^^ 'SPBBE 11
If j-on heTen't a regular, healthy morennt of the
bowel» erery day, you're ill or will be. Keep your
bow-deepen, and be wdL Force, in tho eliapeof vio-
lent physic or pill poison, f s d&nscroue. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
dear and clean is to take
Jfi^Jj CATHARTIC
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Ifever fiicknn, WeaUen, or Gripe, 10, £». and M cent*
per box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
heilit. Address ,. CZ
LJCCUSa CXXEDT COKFAKT. CBICACO «r SEW TOSK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEANThe steamer Umatilla, which Is sched
uled to sail from this port to-day, will get
away on time. There were more teams
hauling freight to Broadway dock, where
she Is berthed, yesterday than have been
seen on the front for many days. At 2
o'clock in the afternoon a long line o£
heavily laden drays, extending from tha
chief wharfinger's office to the Broadway
dock, awaited an opportunity to get on tho
wharf to unload the freight consigned to
the Umatilla., - ¦ . - ¦-• -
The steamers George .TV. Elder and Co
lumbia, which shortly after the com
mencement of the strike were laid up at
Portland by the Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation Company are to be put back on
the route, and within a few days will com
mence making - their regular trips. Tho
officials of the company feel confident
that laboring men and sailors enough to
load and man the vessels can now be se
cured.; The Elder is expected to arrlvo
here September 10.
The steamer Coronado got away for
Grays Harbor with a full non-union crew.
The Coronado was one of the llrst vessels
tied up by the strike. She was fully load
ed several days ago, but could not get out
until yesterday because of the scarcity of
sailors. The steamer Robert Dollar suc
ceeded in getting away for Seattle, man
ned with non-union sailors, after belnx
tied up here for more than four weeks.
A number of vessels cleared at the Cus
tom-house yesterday and -will probably
sail to-day. They were the steamers San
Jose for Panama, Umatllla for Victoria
and the Pomona for Eureka. The bark
Amy Turner for Hilo and the German ship
Wandsbeck also cleared.
More than 500 union men joined the
ranks of the strikers yesterday, notwith
standing that on the vessels on which
they came into port special inducements
were offered them to remain with tho
ships. Ten vessels of the salmon fleet ar
rived and their crews quit them aa soon
as they had dropped anchor. These men
will pay quite a sum into the strike fund,
as they are all in arrears for dues, which
they usually pay at the end of each fish
ing season.
Hen to Strikers.
Arrival of Salmon Fleet Adds 5OO
KOBE SAILORS LEAVE SHIPS.
Frank Evans, who says he/i3 a striking
teamster, is under arrest, charged with
robbery. He Is accused of knocking down
and robbing Jacob Johnson, a sailor, at
Hubbard and New Montgomery streets
last evening, of a watch and chain and
$3 In silver. The timepiece was found In
his possession. .. . .
Silva was found lying: unconscious on
the street and was conveyed to the Cen
tral police 1 station. /To Captain Wittmai.n
he said the men were strikers and that
they had been following him for several
days, evidently awaiting a favorable op
portunity to beat and rob him. At Iu3
own request he was given temporary
lodgings in the City Prison.
Thomas Bird, a striking teamster, while
under the influence of liquor last night,
fired two shots in the air at Third and
Howard streets just to show what he
could do, as he expressed it. He was ar
rested by Police Officer Fraher and
charged with discharging a firearm with
in the city limits and carrying a concealed
weapon. i
W. H. Kerr, a non-union teamster, was
attacked by a gang of strikers near tha
Hall of Justice last night and severely
beaten. He claims that he will be able .to
recognize the men In case they are ar
rested.
the one with the pistol, "or I'll blow your *
heafl off."
Scarcely had Silva obeyed the command
when the other man struck him ¦with
brass knuckles, knocking him down.
After kicking their prostrate victim tlmy.
went through his pockets. !
report until they have received your reply at
noon to-day. Yours respectfully,
"P. J. CURTIS. Chairman.
"117 Front st."
Desired Conference Not Granted.
On September 7 your committee received its
final answer from the board of directors of th«
Employers' Association, which reply reads aa
follows: ¦ -
"SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 7. 1901.
"Peter J. Curtis, Esq., Chairman Committee
Board of Supervisors, New City Hall, San
Francisco: Dear Sir — The board of directors of
the Employers' Association, after a. careful
consideration of your communication of Sep
tember 2. 1901. have instructed me to advise
you that it is their unanimous opinion that the
conference suggested in your letter would under
existing conditions be inadvisable.
"The vital principle involved In the present
controversy is that of non-interference » by
labor unions or their representatives with the
conduct of the business of employers. No ques
tion of hours or wages is involved directly or
indirectly. The present controversy between
the Draymen's Association and the Brotherhood
of Teamsters arose from an unlawful attempt
on the part of the employes to dictate as to the
persons for whom their employers should do
business. In the attempt to support this en
tirely untenable position, the teamsters have by
means of the so-called sympathetic strike
caused employes In other branches of industry
to violate the obligations of contract and to
plunge the city and the State Into an Industrial
warfare which has seriously affected the means
of livelihood of thousands of innocent persons.
The principles thus involved may be surren
dered by the employer, but it cannot be com
promised, and the members of the Employers'
Association believe that a. surrender of the
principle would be the beginning of the end of
San Francisco's industrial welfare.
"The members of the Employers' Association,
while distinctly applauding the attitude of the
draymen in this controversy, are nevertheless
not active participants in the struggle, although
their Interests, like those of others, have been
affected thereby. Ever since the strike began
the association has been, for the most part,
occupied and concerned with the problem ot
enabling its members and the other merchants
of this city to carry on their business In the
normal fashion. They have been endeavoring
to maintain the right of peaceable citizens to
move freely throughout the city without fear
of Intimidation or violence. Not being parties
to any of the existing labor contests, they have
nothing to compromise and nothing to arbi
trate. They are standing simply upon their
rights as American citizens, and they will re
sist to the utmost any and all attacks upon
those ,right3. '
"As the question of interference by labor
unions or their representatives Is thus the ex
clusive issue In. the present controversy, every
thing else being non-essenflal and of minor im
portance, "it is plain that a conference such as
Is suggested by you would be entirely futile
and barren of results. It would end as it be
gan and would serve no purpose whatsoever,
save, . perhaps, to inspire In the minds of those
actively engaged In the struggle the delusive
hope of some settlement of the present un
fortunate conditions, and its only result, there
fore, would be to . prolong the contest Instead
of ending It. - ...-.-•.-
"The Employers',, Association has never been
and Is not now opposed to conferences between
the employer and his employes. On the con
trary, they have always approved of such con
ferences, and believe them the only legitimate
way in which differences between the Individual
employer and his employes can be satisfactorily
adjusted.' If your committee can arrange for
any such conference I am instructed to assure
you of the hearty support of this association
in every attempt made by you In that direc
tion. Very truly yours,
• , s . "M. - F. MICHAEL."
Employers' Position Untenable.
-Your 'committee • submits to ¦ this honorable
board that the position of the Employers' As
sociation as expressed to Its officers Is an ab
solutely untenable one. While . your commit
tee does not attempt to pass upon the other
questions at Issue between the Employers' As
sociation and the labor unions it expresses In
unqualified terms, Its sanction- of the right of
the .representatives of the labor unions to meet
the representatives of the. Employers' Associa
tion in conference. ' ;' {
Your committee, -as can be Inferred from Its
written utterances set forth above, is of the
firm conviction Ahat the. gravity, of the eco
nomic issues Involved 'In the controversy and
the vast significance of the proper solution of
those issues "to the happiness of a larffe pro
portion of. our community demand that they be
explolted'by a direct conference between the
representatives of the contending parties with
out the interference of any intermediary. .Re
spectfully submitted,
PETER J. CURTIS. Chairman.
Members of committee: P. J. Curtis (chair
man). J. S, Tobin. H. U. Brandenstein. Charles
Boxton, L,. J. Dwyer.
ROBBED AND BEATEN.
Were Strikers.
Non-Union Man Says His Assailants
Manuel Sllva, who is employed by B.
P. Flint & Co.. wood dealers, at 426 Town
send etreet, was held up by two men, who
he says were strikers, at Commercial and
Battery streets last evening, and after
being frightfully beaten about the face
was robbed of $16 and a silver watch.
Sllva, who is only 22 years of age, was
walking along Battery street, when he
was suddenly, conf ronted by two men, one
of whom thrust a pistol in his face.
I "Throw up your . hands." ! commanded
."M. F. Michael, Esq.. ' Secretary. Employers*
Association,* Mills Building. ,' City: - Dear Sir—
Your ¦ letter : of - yesterday , reached me after . of
fice hours and too late I to submit > to my :com
mittee.for a reply.;- 1 have since shown the let
ter, to the members of the commltteeiand they
axe gatts&ed to postpone the publication of the
$ "Peter- J.' Curtis Esq., Chairman Committee
Eoard of Supervisors, New City „ Hall, . San
Francisco— Dear Sir: I .am Instructed by the
board of directors of the Employers' Associa
tion to advise you that they | have in prepara
tion an answer to , the , communication , of your
committee, under dati of September 2, 1901.
It will be Impossible, however, c to comply with
your request for the delivery of this answer by
5 o'clock this afternoon;. but the answer can bo
delivered to : you ¦ not : later than • by noon to
morrow. In . view- of 1 the importance of the
subject, I am instructed to request you to
grant ¦ this small Indulgence in time. - Yours
very,' truly. . . >-. "M.-F. MICHAEL." .
' To which letter of Mr. . Michael . your commit
tee made the' f ollowlnc reply:. . ' - ~"
1 "SAN FRANCISCO. , Sept. 7, 1901. -
"CHARLES BOXTON. ,
','.^:'-: :¦:. -"L.-J. DWYER."; ••;.,'.¦
In answer to that letter the following , reply
was received: -¦- .-.'¦- -' . ..- *--- -¦- .. - ~- ...
"SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. «. 1901.
"We have, in the .interest of the partita con
cerned in the controversy and in the interest of
the entire "community, .withheld all information
of our proceedings, but we feel that -we have
no right to withhold any longer the history of
the proceedings undertaken by us as public of
ficials with the duty to . report back ¦ to the
Board of Supervisors. --¦ .... .. -, .¦ • - ¦
¦ "We,- therefore, most respectfully request you
to send us a written reply to our letter of the
2d inst - not* later than -5 o'clock to-morrow
evening. Yours respectfully. \_
"P. J. CURTIS, Chairman.
. . "JOSEPH S. TOBIN.
¦ . '.'HENRY "U. - BRANDENSTEIN.
"At an interview that we had with your
secretary to-day we .endeavored to impress
upon him" the necessity- of a prompt reply to
our letter to you. We do not wish to urge you
unduly but you have had j now two days' time
In which to consider the contents of that letter
and we deem It our positive duty to make a
report in full of all proceedings to the Board
of Supervisors by j next Saturday morning.
"To the Directors of the Employers' Associa
tion, care M. . F. Michael Esq., Mills 'Building.
City — Gentlemen: . We aro obliged to ask you
for a rawly In writing to our letter of the 2d
inst. which was delivered Into the hands of
your secretary on the morning of the 3d lnst.
at 9:3Q. o'clock. . „¦ : • • .
¦¦ After -waiting several days -for a -reply to
that letter the following communication was
sent by your committee. .,
. "SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 5. 1901.
."" And In reply to that communication your
committee . received a letter from Mr. j M. F.
Michael, reading as follows:
"SAN- FRANCISCO, Sept. 3, 1901..
"Peter J. Curtis Esq., Chairman Committee
of Supervisors, Mew City Hall, San Francisco,
Cal. — Dear Sir: Owing to the fact that your
communication of September 3 was received by
me only this morning I regret/that it will be
Impossible to hold a meeting of tne directors
of the ' Employers' Association,' and to return
an answer to the propositions contained In your
letter within the time therein limited. I will
present your letter to the board of directors at
the very earliest opportunity. Very truly youra
.- . ¦* . "M. F. MICHAEL."
Answer Is Delayed.
"P. S.— As the Board of Supervisors meets
to-morrow, (Tuesday) afternoon and we will be
obliged to make some report- of our proceed
ings, we bee: -that you will favor us with a
reply some time in the forenoon of that day."
"HENRY U: BRANDENSTEIN,
"CHARLES BOXTON. :¦
"L. J. DWYER.. .
• "We submit this with the earnest hope that
the conference that we pleaded for will be
granted. , Yours respectfully, ... • -
"P. J. CURTIS (chairman), • ¦
. "JOSEPH S. TOBIN. .
"We pointed out to .you at out conference
that we believed" that public sentiment was
crystallizing, against your organization and we
confirm' our statements then made to you that
that public sentiment is not abating. We do
not hold over your heads as a menace the ex
istence of an - antagonistic public sentiment,
but we Doint' to that sentiment to . convince
you that' your course- is wrong.-. The. public
sentiment is not based upon the outcries of
either party, but is the intelligent view of the
situation of the disinterested .element of Ithe
community. That SBntiment cannot be ignored
because it Is widespread and prevails among
all elements of our community.
. "We as officials of this community urge you
as public-spirited and- wise ' citizens of 'this
community, interested in the preservation of
Its commercial prosperity and fair, name, not
to let so small a matter as a conference be
tween-your organization and the representa
tives of the labor unions stand In the way of
a possible termination of the present labor
troubles. We appeal to you, not as advocates
of labor unions, not as advocates of any side
of the issue, for with- those matters we feel
that we* have , at the present time no right to
interfere, but solely as advocates of the right
of audience and conference, as advocates ever
of the sacred right to be heard.
• "Whether or not a labor union- has a right
to treat, with your organization the way of
exacting articles of understanding or agree
ment is a matter 'that we do not touch upon
now. In the present inflamed condition of. the
mind of the community it- Is not easy to
secure a cool, calm and fair determination of
that issue. That - Issue we believe can safely
be le't to a future time when the labor ex
citement and the turmoil of strikes are not
raging. ' • ' ¦
'"You say that they shall riot interfere with
your relations to your employes; that you will
not submit to, their dictation In those relations.
In answer to that, and 113 advocates for neither
party, but in the interests of the community,
we say that the right of conference is not an
interlerence nor a dictation In your affairs. You
have already expressed your willingness that
they should meet your attorney, M. P. Michael,
and you have already presented various articles
that, you are willing to abide by in your atti
tude toward these unions. We say that al
though you deny that Mr. Michael was to meet
them as your representative, and insist that he
was to meet them only as your attorney and ad
.viser, that we are not equal ¦ to - the metaphys
ical distinction that you insist upon. ¦ If he was
to meet them as your attorney and adviser, he
was to meet them in a representative capacity.
You have already therefore In our humble judg
ment expressed a willingness to. meet the rep
resentatives of the organizations, through Mr.
Michael, a representative. They ask only one
further concession— that . is, that they meet the
immediate representatives of your body; that
there be no intermediary ! between them and
you. We do not ask for them that you make
any articles with them, articles even of the
kind that you yourselves have submitted to
them. We ask only that they be given the op
portunity for peaceable conference with you;
that this opportunity . for - a way out of our
present troubles be not neglected. .In our judg
ment you have already treated with these unions
and we say it is less for you to meet them than
to treat with them, and we ask now not that
you treat with- them but that you meet them.
"We are of the opinion, though our opinion
Is no certainty, but one based, upon what we
believe to be reasonable inference, from our
conference with the leaders of the labor or
ganizations, that if the conference resulted In
nothing more than the mutual expression of
good will toward each organization the.pres
ent strike would end.
or pledge yourselves to any course of action to
ward them. We ask at this time only that you
grant them the right of audience, to. present to
you the cause of- the labor unions, and of the
members thereof, who constitute a very consid
erable proportion of our community. We are of
the conviction that if this right is granted to
them, this right of meeting you in open, fair
and genuine conference, a very decided advance
will have been made in the direction of the so
lution of the difficulties. : . •
MEASURED by positive results,
the settlement of the strike -is
no nearer than two days ago,
if. Indeed, as near as It seemied
to be then. The terms' of peace ;
proposed by the committee from the Mu
nicipal Federation of Improvement Clubs
Is still under consideration by the execu
tive committee of the Draymen's Associa
tion, but the efforts of the conciliation
committee of the Board of Supervisors
have resulted in complete failure..
The Employers' Association, through
its attorney, sent its final reply yesterday
to the request of the Supervisors commit
tee that a direct conference be granted
the representatives of the labor | unions.
The request was denied In unequivocal
terms, and the committee has given out
for publication a full report of its ertorts,
which is given below.
George Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, said yesterday that
the executive committee considered at its
morning meeting the terms ot peace laid
before it by the Improvement Clubs peo
ple, but that no action was taken, nor
would any action be taken to-day or to
morrow. He said that after the double
holiday interim there might be results
and that the prospects for a settlement
seemed- brighter.
The beliet is quite generally entertained
that the draymen will consent to recog
nize the Brotherhood of Teamsters in
questions relating to hours and wages
and that Tuesday will see the beginning
of the end. The representatives of the
labor unions are anxious to have inserted
in the terms of peace this particular form
of recognition, as the teamsters fear that
the draymen will cut wages in the effort
to make good the losses occasioned by the
strike. The draymen say- they have no
intention of doing so, as they are satis
fied to let wages and hours stand as un
der the old agreement.
SUPER VTSOBS FATL.
of Its Efforts.
Conciliation Committee Records Story
The conciliation committee of the Board
of Supervisors records the failure of its
efforts in the following report, which will
be submitted to the board Tuesday night:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco—Gen
tlemen: Under the provisions of resolution N r o.
1817, adopted at a meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors held on August 12. 1901, a special
committee was appointed by his HoDor the
Mayor, charged with the duty of bringing
about a conference between the representatives
of the Employers' Association and of the labor
unions and to take such other means as the
committee might deem wise to effect a ter
mination of the present labor difficulties.
The committee appointed by his Honor the
Mayor was constituted of Supervisors P. J.
Curtis, Joseph S. Tobin, Henry U. Branden-
Etein. Charles Boxton and L. J. Dwyer.
The committee so appointed now submits to
this honorable board the following report:
Your committee determined . that in the be
ginning it was Its duty to .make Itself thor
oughly familiar with the Issues involved In the
controversy, and that after It had possessed
Itself of full and accurate information of those
issues to outline its course of proceeding.
Your committee therefore Invited the repre
sentatives of both sides to meet it separately
at different hours of the same day, to wit, on
the 26th day of August.
Your committee sent the representatives of
the unions and cf the Employers' Association
the following communications, to wit:
"Ed Rosenberg, Secretary of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, San Francisco— Dear Sir:
At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors
held on the 26th day of August, 1901, the un
dersigned were appointed a committee for. the
purpose of meeting representatives of your or
ganization and the Employers' Association,
with a view of reconciling, if possible, the
present labor difficulties.
"The committee, to the end that It may act
Intelligently In the matter, desires to be put
In full possession of the facts of the contro
versy. For that purpose we, the undersigned,
constituting the said committee, do most re
spectfully request you to meet us this Wednes
day afternoon, August 28, 1901. at the hour of
1 o'clock, at the office of Joseph S. Tobin,
Hibernia Bank building.
"In order to effect freedom of discussion we
deem it wise that this conference be executive
and that no one be present at the meeting
other than your representatives and the mem
bers of this committee.
"You will do us a favor by sending your
written reply this morning to the office of the
chairman of the committee as to whether the
time hereinbefore stated is -agreeable. Re
spectfully, PETER J. CURTIS,
"Chairman of the Committee*.
"117 Front street
"Members: P. J. Curtis (chairman), J. S.
Tobin. H. U. Brandenstein, Charles Boxton, L
J. Dwyer."
Committee Asks for Meeting 1 .
"SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 28. 1901
"To the Executive Committee of the Employ
ers' Association, San Francisco — Gentlemen: At
the meeting of the Board of Supervisors held
on the 26th day of August. 1S01. the under
signed were appointed a committee for the
purpose of meeting the representatives of yoor
association and of the labor organizations, with
a view of reconciling, If possible, the present
labor difficulties.
"The committee, to the end that It may act
Intelligently In the matter, desires to be put
In full possession of all of the facts of the
controversy. For that purpose we, the under
signed, constituting the said committee. d6
most respectfully request you to meet us to
day. Wednesday afternoon. August 28, 1901, at
the 'office of Joseph S. Tobin, Hibernla Bank
building,* at any hour after 4 o'clock that you
may designate. . .
"In order to effect freedom of discussion we
deem it wise that this conference be executive
and that no one be present at the meeting other
than ycur representatives and the members of
this committee.
•••ycu will do us a favor by sending: your
written reply this morning to the office of the
chairman of the committee as to the hour that
will be agreeable to you. Respectfully,
"PETER J. CURTIS,
"Chairman of the Committee.
"117 Front street.
"Members: P. J. Curtis (chairman), J. S.
Tobin, II. U. Brandensteln, Charles Boston, L.
J. Dwyer." " '
In answer to that letter your committee re
ceived a reply from B. R. Rosenberg, the sec
retary of the San Francisco Labor Council,
reading as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Auff. 2S, 1901.
"Hon. Peter J. Curtis. 117 l^rant street, San
Francisco Col. — Dear Sir: In reoly to your
favor of the 28th lnst.. requesting that the
representatives of the San Francisco Labor
Council meet the committee of the Board of
Supervisors to reconcile. If possible, the present
labor difficulties. I desire to state that Messrs.
A Furuseth, M. Casey, W. H. Goff and Ed
Rosenberg will be at the hour mentioned in
your communication at the office of Joseph S.
Tobin. I am, very respectfully yours.
"ED R. ROSENBERG,
"Secretary San Francisco Labor Council."
And from M. F. Michael, the attorney for the
Employers' Association, reading as follows:
•August 28. 1901
Sole Duty to Secure Conf erence-
"Hon. Teter J. Curtis, Chairman Committee
cf Supervisors, 117 Front street, San Fran
cisco, California— Dear Sir: I find It Impossi
ble to bring your communication of August 28,
1901. before the executive committee of the
Employers' Association to-day, but will en-
THE officers of the Harbor Police
station resorted to strategy last
'night to find out if the acts of
violence committed on the front
; . were done by union 'men, and
found that, the pickets stationed along
the front were in some cases at least the
ones-who committed the assaults.
Ofticer Pat Herlihy, wearing the clothes
of a sailor and made up as a water-front
roustabout, walked up and down East
street for several hours, putting himself
in the way of the union pickets. Several
times pickets stopped himrand asked him
if he were at work along the front. Her
lihy replied that he was and named a
dock where it was known that non-union
men were employed. Hardly would his
answer be given when he would be sur
rounded and attacked, and if he had not
been, armed he would have joined the
ranks of the men sent to the Harbor Hos
pital. .As it was, Herlihy's club played
an Important part in all the .scrimmages,
and pickets and union men to the nymuer
of eight' were placed under arrest. Lieu
tenant Price and Sergeant Blank trailed
Herlihy on his ¦ rounds and prevented his
being overpowered by numbers.
The fact that the other officers on duty
along the front were not informed of the
ruse cost Herlihy a clubbing at the hands
of his fellow officers. He was accosted at
the corner of Kast and Mission street by
a picket, who on being informed by Her
lihy that he was "scabbing" started to
beat him. Several other union men joined
in the attack and 'the disguised officer had
his hands full warding off their vicious
blows. Lieutenant Price arrived or> the
scene and commenced using his club. (71
ticers Edna and McGowan saw the mix
up and came running to the aid of the
lieutenant and not knowing that Herlihy,
disguished as a longshoreman, was in the
crowd plied their clubs indiscriminately.
Edna centered" his attack on the roughly
dressed individual who was armed with
a club and managed to raise several welts
on Herlihy's back and shoulders before
he recognized him.
One of the men arrested through the
ruse of the officers, Henry C. Johansen,
carried a revolver and was charged at the
Harbor station with carrying a concealed
weapon. The other seven were John
Freel, James Fitzgrerald, William Hub
bard, Thomas Spence, J. M. Johnson, C.
Lowe ana C. Nelson.
deavor to lay the matter before them to-mor
row and hope to be able to send you a reply
not later than that date. Yours very truly,
"M. F. MICHAEL.."
Thereafter, on the 28th day of August. 1901,
at the hour of 1 p. m., at the office of Joseph
a. Tobin, at the Hibernla Bank building, your
committee met Messrs. A. Furuseth, Michael
Casey and E. R. Rosenberg and secured from
them a statement of their side of the contro
versy. They at that time expressed the stiong
est desire for a conference between then 1 or
any other representatives of the unions and the
representatives of the Employers' Association.
After a conference extending over some time
and proper deliberation, your committee' con
cluded that the main object of its efforts
should be to secure a' conference between the
representatives of the two bodies.
Your committee determined that It was not
its proper province at that time to go into
the details of the basis of settlement of the
matters In dispute, but that its sole function
then was to secure the conference stated. .
Your committee believed at that time Its
function was not to espouse the cause of either
side, not to inject Into the controversy the
opinion of the committee as to the rights of
the contending parties, but to bring about a
meeting of the bodies that by friendly confer
ence and discussion the difficulties might be
allayed. - . ., •"'
The committee was of the absolute convic
tion that nothing could be achieved unless the
representatives of the two contending parties
were brought face to face in open conference:
that the definite formulation of demands and
counter demands must be postponed until that
conference.
Your committee, with that end In view, de
termined that the proposition for a conference
must be laid not before the attorney or .legal
adviser of the Employers' Association, but be
fore the immediate representatives of that"
body. ?
On August 29. 1901, your chairman received
a telephonic communication from Mr. . M. F.
Michael, asking the chairman to meet Mr.
Michael at his office at 3 o'clock of that day
and at the hour named the chairman of your
committee called at the office of Mr. Michael
and had an extended conversation with him.'
At that interview Mr. Michael stated that'
the request of the committee to meet the rep
resentatives of the Employers' Association
would be denied, but that he himself was au
thorized to give any Information concerning
the controversy which the committee might
dtsire to have. Mr. Michael explained at
length to the chairman the position of the Em
ployers' Association . throughout the contro
versy.
The chairman stated that at this time hf:
would not discuss the merits of the contro
versy; that the committee was charged with
the duty of bringing about a 'conference be
tween the parties and for that purpose he
deemed it necessary that the committee should
meet the representatives of the association.
Employers Consent to a Meeting.
Mr Michael stated that this matter had been
gone' Into so many times by different concil
iatory committees that he could not see that
an Interview would be of any avail. He dis
claimed any intention to show disrespect to
the committee of the Board of Supervisors and
that he was of the belief that no good could
come from any further discussion, but, out of
respect for the committee and Its official mis
sion he would lay the matter before the rep
resentatives of the Employers' Association and
that he would advise the chairman on the fol
lowing mbrnintr as to whether or not the con
ference would be granted.
After the chairman's interview with Mr.
Michael, on the same day, the 'committee was
reconvened and at that meeting the chairman
reported In full the interview he had had with
Mr. Michael. . -
The committee after some deliberation caused
a communication to be sent, to Mr. Michael, as
secretary of the Employers' Association, which
communication read as follows: '• • U ¦ i
"SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 29, 1901.
"M. F. Michael Esq., Secretary of the Em
ployers' Association. San Francisco, Cal.— Dear
Sir: After our Interview to-day I presented
the substance of that Interview to the com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors. The com
mittee carefully deliberated upon my report and
earnestly advocated the views that I presented
to you looking to the conference between the
committee and your executive committee.
"The committee Is further of the opinion that
If for any reason It would be tnore agreeable
to your association that the conference should
take place between- the. board of directors of
your association and our • committee such an
arrangement would be entirely satisfactory. .
"The sole object ot our committee Is to leave
no stone unturned to secure an adjustment of
the present labor trouble. . :'¦.. . .
"I submit to you asaln that the request of
the committee is an entirely reasonable one
and one that must recommend itself to the
sense of Justice and fair dealing of your as
sociation.
I ."Nothing can be lost by the conference that
I ask and much may be gained. Very respect- •
fully. PETER J. CURTIS,
"Chairman of the Committee."
After the receipt of that communication Mr.
Michael telephoned on the following day to
the chairman of the committee that a com
mittee of the Employers' Association would be
prepared to meet this committee at 11 o'clock
of the morning of the 31st day of August, 1 1S01;
with the understanding that the meeting would
be held in executive session. ¦ -
The chairman of the committee then wrote,
so that there would be no mistake as to time
and place of meeting, the following letter to
Mr. Micheel:
"M. F. Michael Esq., Secretary of the Em
ployers' Association, San Francisco— Dear Sir:
I will notify my committee to be present at
the office of Joseph S. Tobin. at the Hibernla
Bank building, to-morrow morning, August 31,
1901. at 11 o'clock. I presume "it will be agree
able to both committees to meet there, which
is the usual place of meeting for conference
by the committee. Very truly,
"PETER J. CURTIS."
Purpose of Committee Stated. ¦
On the presentation of. this letter by the clerk
of the committee to Mr. Michael, Mr. Michael
said that he had notified the chairman that
they desired to have the meeting- at his own
oflice. As the place of meeting was of minor
importance and the actual meeting of vital im
portance the chairman of the committee upon
receipt of this message advised Mr. Michael
by telephone that the committee would be on
hand at his office at the hour named.
Your committee met the committee of the
Employers' Association on the following day
at 11 o'clock at the office of Mr. Michael. Be
fore the conference was formally begun your
committee requested that It be informed how
far It was desired that the proceedings should
be executive. Your committee stated 'that as
it was constituted- of public 'officials, charged
with a public duty and under an obligation to
report publicly all Its", transactions it mast
give all the proceedings of the conference.
Your committee' after this statement was
asked to withdraw temporarily- for the pur
pose of enabling the members of the commit
tee of the Employers' Association to deliberate
before giving their answer. Your committee
thereupon withdrew and in a few minutes
thereafter .was invited to return to the session
and was informed that the committee of the
Employers' Association would agree -that the
proceedings should be reported in full, but that
they desired the names of the committee to be
withheld from publication.
Your committee expressed itself as satisfied
with that arrangement, and the conference be
gan.
Your committee represented that the object
of the meetine was to secure if possible an
amicable settlement of the. labor difficulties,
And in order to accomplish that end your com
mittee deemed It necessary that there should
be a conference between' the representatives of
the Employers' Association and the. labor
unions, that, the two contending elements, or
organized wealth and organized labor, . might
meet in open, fair and free discussion and con
ference.
Your committee further stated that it did not
occupy the position of advocate of either side;
that it was offering no plan of compromise or
agreement, but asked only that a conference be
held for the purpose of arriving, if possible, at
some decisive agreement. ;
No Becognitiori ; for .Unions.
Your committee insisted strongly that the Is
sue involved was of vast ecoqmnic importance,
touching the very life and happiness of ! a
great proportion of the community, i .The posi
tion of the Employers' Association was there
upon expressed by Its representatives to be that
the Employers'- Association,' while disposed to
give labor unions entire and fair recognition
as between employer and employe, would not
have any dealing with the representatives of
those unions. They would hot recognize" the
right of the representatives of a union either
to . treat with ¦ it or to meet it for the purpose
of conference. They would submit to no in
terference of any kind whatsoever by a union
in its relations to its employes.
The committee of the' Employers' Association
also stated, however, that its attorney and sec
retary, M. F. Michael, was at all times will
ing to meet the representatives of these unions,
but not as the representative of the Employ
ers' Association, but simply in his capacity of
legal adviser and counsel of that association;
that the Employers' Association would not
Itself or by representative meet the representa
tives of a union.' '' , • ...,.,
Your committee. In reply, stated that what
the labor unions then desired, - so far as your
committee had been able to determine from
its meetings with their leaders, was a confer
ence between their representatives and the
representatives of the Employers' Association
and that in the Judgment of ' your committee
that conference should be granted. They urged
that the great issue Involved in | the contro-'
versy | imperatively exacted a direct meeting
between the immediate j representatives of | the
Employers' Association and the representa
tives of the labor unions; that . economic issues*
of such vast consequence to a great ' proportion
of this community could not be fairly and ade
quately passed upon and disposed of excepting
by such a conference. . .
• Your committee assured the members . of the
association present that It did not appear be
fore them .as the advocate of the cause of
either side, but that in all justice and fair
ness it was the right of the labor unions to
meet the Employers' Association, and that In
the opinion of the committee it would be fruit
ful of results that would effect a settlement
of the labor troubles. .
The conference lasted* about two hours, and
your committee was told that Its suggestions
would be taken under advisement and deliber
ated upon, % and that it ¦ would be advised of
(he conclusion, of .the Employers' Association
; Your committee then retired.
In order that v nothing should be left undone
to bring about- the conference for which ydur
conrnittee had so strongly pleaded, your com
mittee met . again on September 2 and caused
a communication to be . sent to the board of
directors of the Employers' Association read-
Ing as follows:: ¦.-. • - .
Direct Conference Urged.
'•<- "SAN FRANCISCO, September 2," 1901.
"To the Directors of the Employers' Associa
tion,'San Francisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: Though
at the conference that we held with your com
mittee on Saturday last we I presented In . full
the reasons why, we deemed it the part of wis
dom ¦ for • your association, or some . representa
tive thereof other than your "attorney, to meet
the representatives of the labor unions, yet, as
your arguments . all ; led us to believe- that the
thing that we demanded • would * be denied in
the end, -rather than omit any step that might
lead to a solution of the present labor difficul
ties, we beg. again to submit to you succinctly
our reasons for .urging you to grant this con
ference.- -'-'* •; -—¦..¦.,-¦¦¦-/¦:...-:.; i ;: '_. ; -. . ¦ .
!.*We believe that this conference would allay
the discontent ¦ of the labor ¦ organizations In a
great measure, which has i been excited to a
fever heat by your attitude,' which denies them
the right of petition or of audience. Youttll
them: - 'We will, recognize your' labor unions
and • do nothing antagonistic : to . them, • but we
will not meet nor. will we treat with them.'
. '.'This, as was . stated at your, meeting, is in- :
dulging the labor unions in an abstraction.- -We
do not say. that you shall , treat ¦ with them* or
that you. shall make any. terms at all with them
that are; not entirely agreeable to yourselves
We ¦ do , not ask . that you ; make l any contracts
, with those ' organizations. , or in any ¦ way bind
FRED HUFFERNAN, 'a non-union
engineer, was fatally injured last
evening by three strikers, who
beat him with an Iron-bar. . /
Huffernan, who is employed by
Healy, Tibbitts & Co., was about to en
ter his .home at Green and Larkin streets
when he was suddenly attacked. He had
a revolver ¦with him, but he was unable
to use it, as he was knocked senseless by
the . first" blow. After repeatedly kicking
their helpless victim • the strikers threw
away the bar and ran down the street.
Huflernan was picked' up by two citizens
who witnessed the assault and carried
into his house. An examination 'disclosed
that he was suffering from a fracture of
the skull, besides a broken nose and ¦ a
number of contusions about the face end
neck. The doctor who attended him gives
as his opinion that he is fatally injured.
Hulternan has been employed by Hcaly,
Tibbitts. &. Co. since tne Inauguration of
the strike. Shortly alter 5 o'clock last
evening. he started for his home, accom
panied by Serg-eant Christiansen. Tne
latter, thinking ttuffeman would not be
molested, left nim at Jackson and LArkin
streets to take- several other non-union
men to their homes. Huffernan's assail
ants were concealed. In a -yard, and as
tneir victim approached he was suddenly
assailed and oeaten into insensibility. A
young man who was passing at the time,
seeing a 1 revolver sticking out of Hufter
nan's pocket, promptly seized it, intend
ing to nre at his assailants, who were
running along the street.- By the time
the young man, who was unaccustomed
to the use of firearms, managed to raise
the trigger the trio of thugs had disap
peared, iv" ; ¦ - .......
As soon- as the brutal assault was re
ported to Captain Wittman he detailed
Police. Officer Cayot to find the assailants
of the. engineer. Accompanied by Special
Officer William Cooke, Cayot went to the
water front, where he arrested two strik
ers, who, it Is claimed, threatened to put
Huffernan .out of the way. They were
confronted by a witness to the assault,
and as he was positive that they were not
the men they were given their freedom.
Conciliation Committee of Supervisors Reports Failure of Its Ef
forts — Draymen Continue the Consideration of Terms In
volving Recognition of Union in Questions of Hours and Wages
RUMORS OF PEACE PERSIST
THOUGH EMPLOYERS REFUSE
REQUEST FOR CONFERENCE
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL;' SUNDAY^ SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
The Park Band will play the following
programme to-day: •
March, "Stars and Stripes Forever" Sousa
Overture. "Tannhauser" Wagner
"Song of "War" James H. Hows
Solo for barytone. "Walter H. Colverd.
"Invitation to Dance" Weber
Melodies from "Lucia dl Lammermoor".... ¦
Donizetti
"American Fantasle" .......Herbert
"Caxanetta Felice'.* O'Langey
Finale second act "Aida" _ Verdi
"The Arkansaw Traveler." with variations
; ; '. Reeves
March. "Merry American" "Wheeler
Music in the Park.
Should nominate Dr. C. C. O'DonneU for
Mayor, as he would give great strength
to the ticket. ,^*
Among the arrivals yesterday were tha
steamer Pomona with freight and passen
gers, * the ship Empereur Menelik from
Newcastle. Australia, with 2727 tons of
coal, and the steamer "Westport from Bear
Harbor with 280 cords of bark.
17
The Labor Unions
. COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IROX
J C WILSON & CO «X> 'Battery street.
4* V- nlLOlM O. \AI-t Telephone Main 1861
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
J AD> UV li/Jtt Vtf- clay. Tel. Main 1284.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
411 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1718.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 2Z Sr>ear St.. S. F. TeL Main £320.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
I f DAM A INF M0 GOLDEN GATE AVE
i- I/- llUfllAMC. . Telephone Howard 191S.
_ PRINTINO.
F C RnfiHFS printer.
C« t« OUUDbOt nil Eansome st.. S. F.
Pioneer. Dry Goods Store.
Bells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 3ic; Men's Fine Dresn
Ehlrts, worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
tEE HICKS-JT7DD CO..
S3 First street. Sam TVinrl —
BT ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Referee's Auction Sale
12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesrooms of
Crooks 1 Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, 1901,
G. H. UMBSEN & GO,,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent Third-Street Comer,
200 feet of Market Street. Larg 9
frontxgres on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the c ty. Offered in three
subdivisions—
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 63 ft.
on Third st.. S3 ft. on Jessie et. Stores and
offices; rents i:.2T0 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st., 07 -6
ft. east of Third St.. and fronting 27:6 ft. on
JesFi*.
3. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 117:6
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jesrie et. Annual Income from these last two
pieces $4000; cs.n be separated and increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
Nos. 910. 912 and M4 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Paciflc. extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages, 49:6 feet
on Kearny and €0 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Bfctween Washington and Jackson: lot 47:8
feet by 137:6 feet; best location In Chinatown;
present rente! $133 per month.
Nos. 832-834 Washington street.
Large, centrally located coriier brick build-
Ing In Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
Inrton etreet and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; rents
$360 per month.
Three Lar^e Pieces of Property in
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing ©enter of the city;
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by ISth and
19th. Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
. Nineteenth street. S. TST. corner of Wisconsin,
t*:10 feet on ISth by 85 feet on Wisconsin st.
8ee diagrams for further particulars, or the
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. UMBSf \, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrolt Building.
AUCTION!
j^*\ Rupture Cured;
l\ £K The celebrated California In-
/ v >^^-4fi§J veator ! r - Kerce, dierovcred
Fk that tb* onW remedy for Bnp-
\> jJZmSJgi tare * s Electricity, »nd In per-
y L V- "j^S feciing his wonderful El ertro-
ife»«\' t '*' 1^F *s\ llagnetic Truss and estab-
fc^&^&V*^ listing ita tale throughout
i»^^"V&*Jaal*?k the wor ' d . te E kTe to suf-
V*iw^S«3S§S! fererairomthiitdangeroiw
*tt%3i$£2w*«Jfelt2 malady the relief and se-
>W«7c^aBjM3T enrity TalnK sought for
elfewhere. Tnisrenotrafd
Vfl^ ' appliance la radicilly dif-
ferent from all others and Its action on the
raptured parte Is quick and effective Cures
accomplished by its tise are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured inrestlgate kt one*. Call
or fend a 2 -cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1."
address Maonetlc Truss Co., 1U5 Broadway (near
26th St.). Ke wYork. or 206 Post St.. SanFrancisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
<r«at Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to aexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
DIRECTORY
Et. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
A Co. (tifd. 1852), 409 Market et ° uoon In?
¦tallment or rented; alao beer apparatus.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
CataJojrues and Price Lists Mailed
|;Gn a grander Scale than ever before g
m Begin Tuesday, Sept. 1 Oth. M
H See particulars in full page announcements
||) Tuesday Daily Papers *** *? *? , *P Mi
(@/ . CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ((Sffl
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOEITJM.
A TtVTTR.TTRTTM'TrTTT^
SUMMERFIELD & RQMAK
~ greaT^
alteration
SALE.
Store will be close! from
Saturday night until
Tuesday Morning 9 a. m.
To prepare and marK
down goods for the
SALE.
Do not forget the place. THE
OLD RELIABLE HOUSE -THE
LARGEST IN THE CITY.
MARKET and FIFTH STS.
SUMMERFIELD & M
I FREE FOR WEAK MENll
J-T"^^*^ ljr._ n.n flat PROP. HUDSON'S PIIXS FREE. M
>gSdl men U8n ""J PROF. HUDSON'S SUSPENSORY FREE. ¦
KfWd Th'ss Fr«3 ! prof, hudsows compound free. 1
•£ *2J f^VERY MAN .WHO BEADS THIS NOTICE CAN GET A I
f v ; ¦¦ > *¦* complete outfit free. • < ' . . ¦ . El
A Vf All you have to do la to write for what you want free. « You „ W
»• /v '3q^.- can now give these remedies a good trial at no coat to yourself. M
/ VT^S|S^~"5V SEND FOR FRHE TRIAL. . 0§j
)S A^iE-?/ ivK PROF. HUDSON'S PILLS cure prematureness of dis- M
<\V " sl -^^ k W charge in ten days. PROF. HUDSON'S PILLS AXD 9
W&kT'^P'/ COMPOUND cure VARICOCELE, ATROPHY, SEXUAL, DE- M
XWggk^rzJr/ CAY and victims of early errors. You can stop your NIGHT M
•'¦ircCtiS**^^ IX)SSES. EMISSIONS. BAD DREAMS and LOSS OF POWER. H
nnnn » ' - Yon can iret these Hudson goods I ree. , Send for them. ---Ej
wV^XJJE;.. 11 !? 11 * 0 *' 8 PI^LS cure pain In the back, side. face, limbs. PROP. I
"J^r?.^ S *t£ ILLS cure LOSS OF APPETITE, LOSS OF ENERGY, NIGHT B
f^T^f'r. N1GHT VISIONS. MELANCHOLIA. QUICKNESS OF DISCHARGE, 0
FAIN TINGS. BLUES. SPERMATORRHOEA, NERVOUS DEBILITY.' EXHAUST- B
ING DRAIN'S. INSOMNIA, SEMINAL EMISSIONS, UNFITNESS TO MARRY. El
# STOPS ALL LOSSES by day or night. You can get a complete, trial outfit free. • K
I Young, middle-aged and. old men suffering, from the bad effects of GLEET, lm- H
properly treated. STRICTURE. VARICOCELE. HYDROCELE and LOST MANHOOD U
will find PROP. HUDSON'S PILLS. PROF. HUDSON'S COMPOUND AND H
SUPPORT Just what Is needed for a cure. PROSTATITIS and disorders of the If
prostate glands are quickly cured by PROF. HUDSON'S PILLS. Send for a free H
and complete, trial outfit free. You can ret this trial free, so .when you are cured you- H
may speak a good word for PROF. HUDSON'S GOODS.' .. •• - M
You can have a free and entirely ¦ complete trial outfit just by writing for them. §Q
Only one set will be sent to each man. and no man can get but one free. ¦ • la
Write to-day. Address PROF. jr. H. HUDSON, 4O Ellis street, San I
Francisco, Cal. - •-•'.•'¦¦.I
¦|liH ' ¦"'¦¦- - : " ¦¦¦''¦'' ' ¦'':'¦¦". " r - : '- ' ' ' ' 1
t>We furnish homes/ flats, _
? hotels and rooming.- houses ff^vjp^^
Sj» complete. We have ?¦ all the | f I J
jN| latest designs in furniture, • car- *f . jPi'.";
m« E?2^d~l , pets," curtains an$ ; draperies
**Lj ; feSt- Jjf*- '*' ' .'"*j i ¦ « ••• 111 • ' " Graceful ma-
Ir^yiiii^ 35 * and wilLgladly give you an es- nogany -comer
¦^T^^-^^r . . chair. uphol-
Dalnty little dresser tirnatP *-^-#-' stered in ve-
with three roomy -"¦?¦/•* ¦ Iour 'biscuit,
drawers and G«>r- tufted. $2.75. -,
man • plate mirror. ;' '.""-•'•
* 5J5 ° ' .' ' '• ''^W&M Credit if you wish it, and free, f
delivery within ioo miles. We
close at 6 except on Saturday. . *
fitpip ¦|'..-- ; T. Brilliant
F-,11 _,i«_»^_ . - : , i* u nil 1 1 u Wiii L.U11 ,
ull quarter, sawed oak -exten-' ' ~ ,..,.. . . . J - . ¦ J
t'op" ble he^ no flu fl t n el 1 sh i4i ln e C xV : " S3S-342 POST STREET, . , j
tends to six feet, $8.75. ," . ''Opposite tJnlon Squarew'.By Blanche Partington.
BELLINI'S DEATH PROVES
Truth of an Old Prophecy
THAT GENIUS DIES EARLY.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ' . .
SUNDAY ;..;;;;;;;•;;:;;;;;;;•;;.:.;;:;;;;;;:. \ ............ „;.;.;-. : ;;;, V :: ; ;;:;;;;::; ;:; .SEPTEMBER 8. -I90I
Publication Office /. ........:.-....... <*l||j||p^> .; ....V.K ....... ..V. .... Market arid Third, .S". F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
POPULAR YOUNG ACTRESS WHOSE WORK IN THE BIO PRODUCTION
OF "A VOICE FROM THE WILDERNESS" AT THE CENTRAL THEA
TER GIVES PROMISE OF A BRIGHT FUTURE
CALIFORNIA MUSICIAN WHO
HAS RETURNED AFTER SUC
CESS IN EUROPE.
American Exposition, and the beat way to
get to Buffalo is; by the comfortable trainj
of the Nickel Plate Road, carryins Nickel
PUU Dining Car*. In which are .erved Amer
ican Club meals from 33o to Jl each. Boole
free, showing pictures or exposition boOdlata.
Hotel acconmodatlons reserved. JAT W.
ADAMS;, P. c. , P. A., xt ,-. Crocker, buildta*.
Baa Franclaca, CaJ. _, . , - .
Everything pertaining to th» New "World
may ba easily and cheaply Been at the Pan-
Are Yon "Of the Old World"?
Auto cars are to be utilized by the po
lice in Paris to overtake cars driven at
excessive speed. Several policemen ara
now beine trained to drive the motor cars.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel"
"Drummer, isn't he?"
"Yes; confirmed. Why. he has been ort
the road so long that when he gets home
and his wife hands him the biscuits at the
dinner table he immediately begins to flirt
with her."— Puck-
At the Central Theater they are cutting,
polishing, reshaping and generally mak
ing over to its entire advantage Edward
Eisner's play. "A Voice From the Wil
derness." Its own father will not know it
when they are through with it up there,
and what Is of considerably more Impor
tance we shall hardly recognize it our
selves. With the wealth of picturesque
material at hand Eisner certainly could
hardly escape finding useful situation for
his drama, and has also been happy
enough to hit upon a dramatic central in
cident, but further than that he has not
gone. His play is no play. There Is no
dramatic sequence, no connected story,
simply a series of splendid, thrilling pict
ures and Incidents. His English is flat,
vulgar and hopelessly commonplace, and
the marvel is that It passed the censor at
the Central at all. But "A Voice From
the Wilderness" has again amply demon
strated among other things the gorgeous
ly picturesque quality of biblical history,
and Its adaptability to dramatic treat
ment. It has further demonstrated that
we have in Messrs. Belasco and Thall
managers with the courage of their con
victions, and a grit and enterprise that
will carry them on to big things for them
selves and us some near day. Again we
have found that the local artist In scenes
has all the necessary genius for mounting
a big production, and that we can dress s
play Just as well as the next town, even
if that happens to be New Tork.
There is a larga diversity or opmion
about Mr. Downing^ John tho Baptist,
and certainly appearances are against
him. Even to the most imaginative her
can hardly suggest John's diet of locusts*
and wild honey, but I still claim for him a
certain dignity— intermittent, and con
siderable sympathy for the part. Bnt tha
gladiator habit still sticks, and he 1st
occasionally brutal where h© should b«
merely firm, noisy where ho should bs
gentle, harsh where he shonld b« mild,
until one can get up quite. a> respectable
sympathy for the rather badly berated
Herodlas.
In Miss Marshall, who plays Herodlas.
there is another discovery. She. Is a new"
comer her*, but has already made a
mark. She has a striking presenc© and
personality, temperament and truth of
Inspiration. Her Herodlas Is an almost
completely convincing performance, lack-
Ing only in shading and subtlety.
Mr. Downing's daughter, who is cast aa
.Huldah— a too small part— Is another
pleasurable surprise. Miss Downing mada
her first appearance this week and mada
a gratifying success. She has an elocu
tionary finish most grateful to th© ear Is
dramatically talented and Is & graceful
pretty girl besides. Oza Waldrop Isa
charming Salome and enould have been
brought in earlier In the play. The Dlav
is crowding the house In a most encourag
ing fashion and there Is every prospect
that the management will not lose by its
ing better than this. Miss Sanford. a for
mer Oakland girl, and Mabel Morrison
also add to the felicitously high-bred at
mosphere that reigns, and the settings
and costumes are alone worth the price.
It is announced that a. Nevv- York- publishing house intends to issue 100,000 copies as the
first edition of a ; new -hovel; so it looks now as if we/Have reached the enTof big things even hi
.' It is.stated that the King of Belgium is desirous of resigning his throne so that he can go
to Paris and lead -a quiet life, but there are 1 people who believe he would not live so very quiet
If Kitchener had anything like Cleveland's command of language he would have a splen
did opportunity now to denounce the Boers for pernicious activity and warn them to get them
selves into innocuous desuetude. : ' s ''"
On the 17th of. this month New York is to hold a primary ' election . under a new primary
law, and the papers have begun to urge goocTcitizens to pay attention to it, but the chances are
the result will be much the same as it was in San Francisco.
IT is time to put an end to lawlessness in -this. city. IVIen must not any longer be held prison
ers in union headquarters, and then taken out and be beaten and robbed. If the executive
authority of San Francisco will not or cannot protect men engaged in lawful pursuits, a
power will be found that will protect them. Patience is exhausted. The law must be vihdi-
LAWLESSNESS MUST CEASE.
. We have another duty, and that is to starve back into the gutter/whence it crawled, the
journalism which is the advance guard of such crimes. The citizens of Hanford in this State took
the right view when they smote such' journalism by burning Hearst in effigy.
In his cooler moments Senator Platt will acknowledge his mistake and recall his unfor
tunate speech. // v :¦ , ; ¦ - : .-: :
If the President die, let the law take its course and this assassin go to' the electric chair
and die as the lightning sears his black heart, just as if his victim had been a laborer on the Ex
position grounds instead of the President of the republic. Then let the experience apply to the
safguarding of our national honor and life/ Let us declare that this country' must cease to be an
asylum for these anarchist murderers who spell their names with consonants. Here is liberty,
but not liberty to incite murder and do bloody deeds. Let the nests of anarchists in our large
cities be- cleaned out' Let these cold-blooded serpents be hunted from the country and refused
shelter of laws ' they come here to destroy. *The legal hanging of a good lot of them in Chicago
had a deterrent effect that was unfortunately changed when an anarchist Governor, Altgeld, par
doned those of the gang whom a mistaken mercy had favored with life imprisonment. But let
us have no lynching. Let us show the world that American law carries a remedy for every
wrong. " - .• -
IN his comments on the work of the assassin against the President, Senator Platt committed
a great mistake in saying it was, a case in which lyjiching- is justifiable.
Americans are shamed and humiliated by the occurrence. It is the lifting of the hand
of murder against government and law. Men bow their heads in sorrow that, the republic
can be the scene of such a crime. The person of the President is the symbol of lawful, consti
tutional government. The bullet aimed at him is aimed at law and liberty. Let these vindicate
themselves in line with their high purpose. Lynching is a blow aimed at the law. To lynch this
miscreant would add to the shame that is upon the country. Let us learn from the high restraint
shown by the Government of the kingdom of Italy. There death is not the penalty for murder.
It would have been easy in the uproar of passion that followed the murder of King Humbert ' to
have wrenched the law so as to have executed his assassin. But this was not done. The defiant
wretch was sent to the galleys exactly as if his victim had been a peasant and not .a king. So let
it be here. .
SENATOR PLATT'S MISTAKE
After the long silence of the summer
vacation the concert season begins with
two good programmes to, be given Tues
day and Thursday evenings of this week.
With the valuable attraction of the Tiv
oli's fine barytone, Salassa, also their good
tenor, Castellano, and the Knickerbocker
Quartet, In addition to the college or
chestra, a concert will be given at St.
Ignatius Hall next Tuesday evening under
the patronage of the San Francisco Relief
Society and the Training School of St. Ig
netius Church. The concert Is In aid of
the Christmas charities, of the church:
-On Thursday evening' a programme of
much interest will be given at Sherman-
Clay Hall by Herman Genss.'at the piano*
Harry Samuels, with his violin, and Miss
Teresa Ehrmaa as accompanist. .
There Is a pleasant welcome to Dr. H.
J. Stewart to his new position as organist
of the Trinity Church. Boston, in the Bos
ton Evening Transcript of August 29. The
Transcript devotes a half-column to Dr.
Stewart's history. The California organ
ise (for so he may be regarded, having
seen fifteen years' service as organist in
California) succeeded Professor Horatio
W. Parker in Boston, who goes after eight
years at Trinity Church, to devote himself
entirely to his work, at Yale University.
It was at the instance of • the rector of
the church. Rev. E. Winchester Donald,
D. D., who heard Dr. Stewart play at the
Pan-American Exposition, that the.organ
ist was invited to assume the post of mu
sical director of Trinity's forces, and that
California lost another gopd musician. I
see that the Boston churches "go in" for
summer vacations and Dr. Stewart will
not therefore enter upon his new duties
for some weeks to come.
• • •
I am In doubt as to the kindness of ad
vising: the public of Miss Marie Withrow' s
return to San Frandscip, as the gifted
tether is busily occupied in completing
a trcnual of singing. But Miss Withrow
has already had a few quiet weeks with
her book, which she expects to finish
v'ithin the three months' limit of her stay,
and meantime there are not a few musical
folk still in Ignorance of her return. It Is
four years since Miss Withrow left San
Francisco for London. Since then she has
been doing all kinds of good work in the
English capital, teaching, lecturing and
penning things about her art Among her
pupils is Mrs. Randegger, wife of the
famous vocal teacher; Marie Tempest,
•who gratefully accords her Instructor the
credit of having restored a voice that was
all but completely ruined; W. Talleur An
drews, the clever Californlan, who is earn
ing nattering reputation for himself in
London, and many others that have been
worthily heard from. It is even amusing
to think of a teacher from far California
acquiring such place in the English me
tropolis as Miss Withrow has now, but
surprise at such happenings ceased Ions
ago.
The modest and enthusiastic little band
of clever young women who .have ap
peared for some seasons under the title
of the Saturday Morning Orchestra will
shortly take up their work again. Mr.
Weil, their able leader of last year, has
called the girls to order, and a first meet-
Ing was held yesterday at Sherman &
Clay Hall. By some accident— it has been
laid on the cat— last year's list of the
young ladies' addresses has been lost, and
some therefore have unavoidably been
left without invitation to the new course.
If they will kindly consider this as a pre
liminary notification and apply for later
news to Oscar Weil, at Sherman & Clay's
music store or at 1514 Sacramento street,
their conductor will esteem It a favor. The
first rehearsal will probably be held next
Saturday morning, and I should advise
any girl with a reasonably good technique
and a reverent desire to know something
of the great domain of orchestral music
to become a member of the modest little
coterie.
• • •
Collamarinl's Carmen comes this week,
beginning Tuesday, and "Faust," with
Agostlni, Montanari and Dado, will be the
alternating bill.
courteous request of the management to
the contrary. The ladles to a man seem
to have denied themselves the tempting
Indulgence.
What a persuasive Illusion of the com
edy Is that of Annie Russell's relationship
to Mrs. Gilbert! There Is really a re
markable "family" likeness between the
young star and the veteran genius who
plays: her queenly grandmother In the
story, the .; same delicate, • pointed chin,
clever, rather, melancholy nose, luminous,
deep eyes, and utmost mobility of. coun
tenance. And what a princess and queen
are these!. A princess every lissome inch
of her is Annie Russell, and the very
spirit of winsome,. Ingenuous girlhood. It
is a gossamer-delicate picture, gay and
tender, fanciful and . exquisitely dainty.
Her voice lends rare charm to the > part,
fine,": sweet and flutellke, and her move^
ments are grace ' itself. She reminds of
flowers and. birds and, fair May mornings
and ' all the ; glorious, ridiculous realities
of youth's springtime. Mrs." Gilbert ha*
the * piquant, vivacious note by way of
contrast. She Is tho Dowager Queen, a
royal figure, dignity Itself, ; and. with a
quaint pathos in her situation of .deposed
authority. ; Mrs. Gilberts of those who
do all things well/and she has done noth-
• • - •
Both Mr. Marshall and Mr. d'Orsay suc
ceeded admirably in enlisting sympathy
for the man ¦who happens to be king and
In impressing one with the undeniable
fact that he has troubles of his own, in
spite of a life position at an assured in
come. ¦ Orrin Johnson's lover, the Prince
of Kurland. is also pitched in- happiest
key, a model of ardor, refinement and
good taste. He is also conspicuously bet
ter looking than the average scion of roy
alty. The young priest of Richard Ben
nett also falls gracefully into the picture.
The modest Mr. Frohman announces
the organization as "Annie Russell, with
a supporting company," but it is what the
circus folk would call a "stellar organiza
tion," and the Dunne & Ryley manage
ment an "all-star cast." The players
have been cast for their part3 with aptest
Intelligence, with a result of absolute sym
metry, and vraisemblance. . "Who could
imagine, for example, that Mr. Thompson
is any other than the genial, politic, wise
old Cardinal he plays so brilliantly? He
reminds one of Coquelln, both in manner
and method, has the same marvelous
facial play, the same eloquent humor, the
same finish, and complete identity with
the character. Laurence d'Orsay, too,
debonair and gracious, is a most kingly
King of Arcacia, looks, in fact, as If he
had never done anything else. Mr. Mar
shall's illumined lines . are delivered with
superb ease and tact and the whole Im
pression left is of a kindly, court'y, decent
sort of fellow, who Is trying manfully to
do his duty by the country of his In
heritance, and finding said duty- something
of a bore at times,, as we all do.
I HEAR there has not only been stand
ing room at the Columbia Theater on
occasional nights this last week, but
also that some chairs have been va
cant, and that at the best play of the
day we have had here." This 'could be un
derstood if Mr. Marshall's comedy were
of the kind that is caviare to the multi
tude, but, on the contrary, Its appeal Is
universal. Children cry for it and the
aged grandame dreams again after seeing
"A Royal Family." The litterateur affects
it and its brilliant English is no bar to
the enjoyment of its limpid story by the
unlettered. The man of the world gloats
on the delicious political predicaments of
the royal family and the young girl— and
every one with her— revels In one of the
sweetest, prettiest, wholesomest love
stories that was ever told. Wise parents
delight In the gentle Machiavellian tactics
of the worthy Cardinal, and daughters are
encouraged ift obedience by learning that
it Is the royal road to their own sweet
way. The actor joys in the incredible
cleverness.- of the acting and the play
wright wonders at the play's balance,
poise, characterization and crystalline
clarity of construction. There Is satire
for the cynic, illumined with brilliant
kindliness for the good of his mind and
heart. There is poetry, there Is philos
ophy, there is wit. In short the play
makes appeal to almost every worthy in
stinct one possesses. It Is true the rival
attractions have been more than usually
numerous and worthy this week, and that
the later days have seen better houses
at the Columbia, but every empty seat
betokens a particular and peculiar delight
lost 3 to all play lovers that had the neces
sary penny to see the fine show and I'm
sorry for them. . . •
There is a placard in some public con
eervatory . that the Tivoli management
would do well to plagiarize, in this fash
ion: "Gentlemen will not smoke here dur
ing the giand opera season; other persons
must not." For the perennial - callow
youth, dependent for his reputation as a
male on a cheap cigar, still invades even
tb« grand opera precincts with his char
acteristic odor, and the occasional man
careless of the rights of singers still as
saults their vocal apparatus ~ with the
«ough-provoking fumes in spite of the
We have heard again during: the last
week at the Tivoli the principal work of
this rosy-pal« young genius, "Norma,"
¦with tta broad and dignified melodies and
thin, bald, weak harmonies and orches
tration. And "Norma" has much life yet
to live. The name role is a tempting one
for dramatic sopranos in spite of its ardu
ous and exacting nature. Barbareschl
exhibits in It both her strength and weak
ness. Eh« has both power and presence,
and her phrasing is always delightfully
artistic, but the upper notes are rather
out of her range and become sometimes
thin, sometimes harsh, and her tone in
the mezzo voces has a wavering quality,
that approaches the Insidious tremolo.
¦Where Is it one reads in Thackeray of
Venus in high-heeled scarlet shoes and
French corsa&e? I can add a chapter
from the Tivoli on Druid priestesses in
corsets, with tight brass belts to accentu
ate the anachronism. Much better than
that was to be expected of Barbareschi
after her thoroughly artistic Aida make
up, end Pollettlnl (whose name I am
proud to have at last learned how to
Epell) has no comparable preceding sin. It
completely robbed both figures of their
natural grace and the opera of a, large
part of its illusion. PoUettinl's Adalglsa
was a sweet and sympathetic effort oth
erwise.
"You see, we cannot answer affirmative
ly when any one asks us such a question
about our own sex. He had a tall, slender
figure, which moved In an elegant, I
might say coquettish, manner; always a
<iuatre epingies; long, regular face, with
a pale roslness; very fair, almost golden
hair, put into small curls; very high, no
ble brows, a. straight nose, pale bjue eyes,
a. beautifully chiseled mouth, a round
chin. His features had something vague
and characterleGs; something like milk,
and in this milk face often mingled, hair
Eweei, half bitter, an expression of sor
rcw. This expression of sorrow compen
eated for the want of soul in Bellini's
face, but it was a sorrow without depth;
it glistened in the eyes •without poetry, it
played passionless about his lips. The
young maestro seemed anxious to make
this fiat, languid sorrow conspicuous In
liis whole person- His hair was curled in
Euch a fanciful, melancholy way, his
clothes sat so languidly about his frail
body, he carried his little Spanish cane
In so Idyllic a way, that he always re
minded me of the affected young shep
herds with their beribboned sticks and
bright-colored Jackets and pantaloons
that we see in our pastorals. And his
rait was so young-ladylike, so elegiac, so
ethereal. The whole man looked like a
sigh en escarpins. • • • Later on, when
I had known him a long time. I felt some
liking: for Bellini. This arose after I had.
observed that his character was certainly
thoroughly noble and good. His soul was
certainly pure and unspotted by any hate
rul contagion. And he was not - wanting-
In that good-natured, childlike quality
•which we never miss in men of genius,
even if they do not wear it as an outside
chow."
"He was not ugly."
'V T Is oiring to a prepossession that peo-
I pie say genius must die early. I think
1 that from the thirtieth to the thirty
1 fourth year has been InGicated as the
¦'¦A most dangerous period for genius.
How often have I bantered poor Bellini
on this subject and prophesied that, be
ing a genius and having reached that dan
gerous age, he must soon die."
It Is Heine speaking to the white, love
ly, dream-friend of the "Florentine
Nights." Maria. Bellini i3 Just dead at
22, and Rossini, the "Swan of Pesaro,"
has been mysteriously silent for ten
years.
"Singular! In spite of the playful tone,
"he tormented himself about this proph
ecy." Heine dreamily recalls. "He called
me his Jettatore, his evil eye, and al- ,
ways made the jettatore sign. He bo
"wished to live, he had an almost passion
ate hatred of death; he would hear noth
ing of dying; he vrzs frightened of it as a
child who Is afraid to sleep In the dark.
• • • He was a good, dear child, often
•rather naughty, but then one only had to
threaten him with an early death and he
would -immediately draw in and retreat
and make with his two fingers the Jetta
tore sign. Poor Bellini!"
"So you knew him personally? Was he
handsome?"
In no sense does newspaper rivalry enter into the spirit in which we find it necessary to
state these facts. Nor is partisan opposition a part of it. The political party which has such an
advocate is to be pitied and commiserated. It is the victim of a misfortune the most serious
that can befall an organization. When President Cleveland was asked to appoint to office a
newspaper man who by defaming Blaine had attacked the character of Mrs. Blaine, he said: "I
will hot appoint that man. He deserves only my. contempt. He attacked the character of Mrs.
Blaine, a lady and a mother. The party was' not responsible, Wand would be disgraced by his
recognition." .;..-"'"
That uttered the proper and manly spirit of wholesome partisanship. - .
In this community the blackguard, murder promoting, riot exciting policy of the Exam
iner will not be condoned, . though it snivel never so tearfully.
Mr. Hearst has industriously used his three pernicious papers to represent the President
as the opposite of its fervid characterizations of r Saturday morning. Mr. Hearst has played upon
the passions of the ignorant, has represented the President as standing between the people and
their happiness and^welfare, the arch enemy of liberty and prosperity, and has invited the cowardly
assassin to the bloody work that was the logical and necessary outcome of such teaching.
The connection was made apparent between its characterization of the President and the
potent passions incited by the labor strikes here and in the East. The Examiner, by all the chem
istry of hatred and falsehood, created an atmosphere of lawlessness and murder. It pointed the
finger of rancor at the victim, and when an imported assassin, breathing that atmosphere, exe
cuted the purpose which has been in all that Hearst has hired to be written and pictured, he pro
fesses to deplore what he encouraged and weeps crocodile tears over the victim. The sequence
and connection of events prove Hearst to be a coward, and his papers to be the enemies of Amer
ican institutions, of law and order. It is not pleasant to have to say these things, but they are
commanded by loyalty to the truth. This man is not admonished by events. He is. ready to do
the same thing over again. The shameless Examiner and its two Eastern promoters of assassin
ation cannot change. Their habit of pandering to the lowest passions of man is fixed in those
papers. It is their hideous and disfiguring birthmark worn where all men must see it.
That vicious sheet may take either horn of its dilemma. It, is either a craven and lying
coward, or a feculent slanderer, with the instincts only of the ape, which has no reason for its
rage. ..
The reader will ask why, if the Examiner uttered its real sentiments on Saturday morn
ing, has it for months maliciously maligned' the President? • Its cartoons, over which was the
line, ostentatiously displayed, "Copyrighted by W.R. Hearst," have sought to identify President
McKinley with every sinister and sordid scheme which could be thought of to oppress and dis
tress his fellow-citizens. The Examiner a pathetic ' figure \o represent the "common
people," and then beset that effigy with every kind of affront, wrong and oppression, and accom- "
panied it with a caricature . of the President rapturously applauding the sad plight of the victim.
Its Saturday editorial was the result . of a fear of popular vengeance, for maligners are always
base cowards— or it was a sincere expression. If the- latter, it was a confession that for months it
had vulgarly lied about and maliciously incited the murder of the man, "loved by. the people, de
voted to their interests, who honestly sought to obey the popular, will."
We predicted that the Examiner would attempt by. sniveling hypocrisy to condone its in
citement to the President's' murder, which it has continued ever since his last election. True to its
instincts that noisome sheet vindicated our "prediction. On Saturday in a cringing editorial it
said: "William McKinley is loved as an American citizen, an American soldier, a simple man
earnestly devoted to the interests of the nation. Honest effort to obey the will -of the^peoplc, a
life devoted to that noblest of humniv pursuits, the duties of government, is rewarded by the
bullet of the assassin," and so on through black letter and light runs this hypocritical expression.
y^-^C N Friday morning the Examiner, reproduced from its. Eastern twins, the Journal of
¦'¦/ I New York and American of Chicago, a coarse and vulgar cartoon, representing Presi-
V J dent McKinley as a negro minstrel with blacked face, singing a coon song in which he
"*r was made to avow bitter enmity to the common people. .Within seven hours after
that libelous attack appeared, a viper, professing that his fangs were poisoned to strike for that
same common people, had struck the President down.
BRAZEN HYPOCRISY.
By Guisard.
BEST PLAY OF THE DAY
Tells a Pretty Love Story,
WRITTEN IN HAPPY VEIN.
18All work and no plagiarism is apt to
make a dull sermon. - -
SANTA FE, N. M., Sept. 6.— The United
States Grand Jury to-day returned indict
ments on two counts each against Pedro
Sanchez, Census Supervisor for New Mex
ico, for signing false accounts and re
turns, and against his chief clerk. Maria
Senna, for signing fraudulent accounts
and vouchers.
Indictments Against an Official
DENVER, Sept. 7.— A fire which started
in the basement of the Halleck block on
Market street about 11 o'clock to-night
gutted that portion of the building occu
pied by the Humphrey-Jones Mercantile
Company, wholesale paints. 1825-9, and the
Sauer Manufacturing Company, manufac
turing confectioners, 1S31-7 Market street.
The loss on building and goods is $150,000,
mostly covered by insurance. Two fire
men were overcome by smoke and another
was cut by falling glass. All •will recover.
Fire Destroys Denver Property.
It was some time before Allen was dis
covered, and Leonard, making a hasty de
parture, got a good start on the Sheriff's
posse which is now searching the' coun
try for him. It is believed he will be cap
tured.
Allen was sleeping In his wagon. At 5
o'clock this morning Leonard crept up
stealthily to the wagon, and putting his
weapon to Allen's face, llred. The ball
carried away part of Allen's skull and
came out at the back of his neck.
PHOEXIX, Ariz.. Sept. 7.— Fred Leon
ard shot and fatally wounded Willard Al
len while the latter was asleep, in Pres
cott early this morning-. Allen Is a driver
on the McCabe stage line. He quarreled
with Leonard yesterday, the nature of the
altercation being unknown. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cowardly Assassin At
tacks an Enemy at
Night.
F ATALLY SHOUTS
SLEEPING MAM
Have you .been ,to .the State Fair? The
Southern Pacific sells up to and including
the" 14th round ! trip tickets | to Sacramento
for- $3.75, -.for; the -, State , Fair. | ex
hibit i and fine races. Seven trains daily.
Further, information 613 Market street and
ferry deDot^' . . . ,-•>--;
Prompted by the feeling that lt was his
duty, a well-known Bishop once remon
strated with one, of his clergy, for attend
ing the meet of a local hunt.
?'Well, your lordship," replied the of
fender," "I really do not see that there la
any more harm In hunting than in going
to a ball." ;
"I : presume ,*' answered his Lordship,
"that you refer to having seen my name
down among those who ¦ attended • Lady
A 's ball; but. I assure you, throughout
the whole evening I was never once in the
same room as the dancers."; » .
"That, my Lord, is exactly how I stand
—I was never once in the same field as the
hounds."— Tit-Bits. ¦ :
One to the Parson.
"Yes, I lost . that dog at last. I had
been hoping against hope that somebody
would steal him, and after that chance
Deemed exhausted I happened to think
that it was. wrong to hope that a fellow
jnan might commit. a crime, and so I de
sisted. And then one day he walked
away deliberately and never came back."
"How did your wife feel about it?"
"She was all broken up. She made. me
advertise him. I did. I named a reward,
too." \
"And you didn't get him. back?"
"Not much. . You see I worded it like
this: . "Dog: lost. Please return to owner
and receive $5 and no questions asked.'
Then I gave the street and number of the
home of a man 1 don't like." , ,
"Did the joke work well?" •
"Work well! I should say it did. The
last time I saw him he said he'd give $50
to find out the name of the scoundrel who
worked the infernal sell on him. ' But he
could well afford it."
"How so?" '.
"Why, he picked out half a dozen of the
dogs that ¦ were . brought : to ' him ' and sold :
'em for an average of $20 a piece."— Cleve-'
land Plain Dealer. '
Not Such, a Joke After All.
The busy bee is a captain of industry
who is much admired at a respectful dis
tance. Be© hives look very picturesque
behind a farm house in the country, but
bee hives in the. city are regarded doubt
fully. The Rochester Common Council
receptly adopted an ordinance prohibit
ing the keeping of bees within the city
limits except with the consent of all own
ers of real estate within 100 feet. ¦ ¦ A
woman ;who kept/ bees and .had no such
consent was arrested. The case attract
ed attention from almost every section
of the United States, .and it was taken
up by the National Association of Bee
keepers, ¦who -engaged attorneys to help
fight the case. The Justice held that the
council, by its action, had virtually grant
ed I administrative powers to Individuals
and had, therefore, exceeded Its authority.
In Rochester, at least, they will thus be
compelled to let the bees be.— Utica Press.
Bee Keeping in Town.
NANAIMO, B. C, Sept. 7.— By advice of
the San Francisco strike leaders, the min
ers here to-night decided to go on work-
Ing and to forward money. Five hundred
dollars goes down at once and other large
sums will be sent later. , N
Money From Nanaimo.
"The period of exclusiveness is past.
The expansion of our trade and commerce
is the pressing problem. Commercial wars
are unprofitable. Advocacy of good will
and friendly trade relations will -prevent
reprisals. Reciprocity treaties are in
harmony with the spirit' of - the. times;
measures of retaliation are not."
The reading of President McKinley's
remarks brought forth loud applause.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— A stormy meeting
of the Ecumenical Methodist Church con
ference resulted yesterday from the read
ing by the Rev. W. C. Smith of Pittsburg,
Pa., of . a paper on "The Influences of
Methodism in the Promotion of Interna
tional Peace." The five minute rule was
adopted and the pastors made speeches
for and against the war in South Africa.
The campaign came in. for a lot of
criticism and finally the chairman ruled
reference to It out of order. Many Ameri
cans took part in the discussion, but none
of the more prominent bishops spoke. The
speeches were punctuated by frequent,
noisy interruptions and cheers and
counter-cheers. There was a scene of
considerable disorder and the discussion
terminated without any conclusion being
reached.
The Rev. George Elliott of Detroit,
Mich.,. saying he had often been called a
little American, bitterly denounced the
war. The Rev. R. J. Cook of Chatta
nooga defended the necessity of hostili
ties to vindicate a principle. The Rev. J.
M. King of Philadelphia said the I best
solution of the question was in President
McKinley's sentences', uttered at Buffalo,
as follows:
Discuss the "War in South
Africa.
Members of the Ecumenical Council
METHODIST DELEGATES
HAVE STORMY MEETING
Fred Brooks, a dishwasher in a restau
rant at 315 Grant avenue, reported at po
lice headquarters yesterday morning that
he had been locked up in the teamsters'
headquarters from 8 o'clock Friday morn
ing till 7 o'clock that night. He said he
had gone to Berry street to see a friend
and while there two men came up to him
and each grabbed hold of an arm. He
struggled to release himself and one of
them' made a slash at him with'-a knife,
cutting the sleeve of his coat. They drag
ged him alorig to the teamsters; head
quarters, where he was denounced as a
"scab." He protested and said he was a
dishwasher and told where he worked and
that he was a union man. They did not
believe him and .kept him there till 7
o'clock at night, when he was released.
As he had to go to work at 6 o'clock that
night he had lost his job. He was ad
vised to apply for a warrant for the ar
rest of the two men on a charge of false
imprisonment. He did so, but It was not
issued, as he had no witnesses to corrob
orate tyis statements.
Held Prisoner by Teamsters.
Henry McGucken, a striker, who was
arrested Friday night on Third street by
Policeman Fraher on a charge . of rob
bery, appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday. He was instructed as to his rights
and arraigned and the case continued till
next Thursday. He is alleged to have
knocked down* and robbed Charles Hyl
bon of the Hobson House, Kearny street,
of a silver watch and chain valued at $30.
E. Thomas, one of Curtin's special offi
cers, who was arrested for battery upon
J. Donohue, a laborer at the quarry in
Golden Gate Park, last Tuesday during a
discussion about non-union men, was con
victed by Judge Fritz yesterday and or
dered to appear for sentence Tuesday.
Thomas admitted that he was under the
influence of liquor at the time.
Frank Wilson and "William Hill, strik
ers, who were convicted by Judge Ca
baniss of battery upon Thomas Riley, a
non-union man, appeared for sentence
yesterday. As they had been In prison
for three days the Judge sentenced them
to pay a line of $10 each, with the alter
native of two days in jail.
Strikers Fined for Battery.
On the other hand, should Schley be
exonerated from the allegations made
against him, the vindication can give him
no higher place in popular esteem than
he holds and has held since that smoke
blown morning off Santiago which gave
"glory enough for all!"
Actually, there can be no substantial
result, nothing that one can lay one's
finger upon and specify as a concrete
finale. Rear Admiral Schley might be
found guilty of every one of the allega
tions embodied in the ten precepts, and
for all practical purposes remain just
where he stands to-day. For the law
specifically states that every person In the
navy who is amenable to court-martial
must be brought to trial, before the lapse
of two years, or not brought to trial at
all. It now is, aa every one knows, more
than two years since the charges of "rep
rehensible conduct" were filed against
him.
The whole navy is preparing for trial
now, one more momentous, it would seem,
than was that other contest at Santiago,
for in this the honor of the service is in
volved, and so Intricately involved that
whatever may be the outcome, black
stains will be left.
This controversy, the deplorable Samp-
Bon-Schley imbroglio, had its origin In
the war with Spain, and In it are involved
numerous officers whose names the war
made household words.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.-In a dingy
room of an unpretentious building in the
Washington navy yard there •will com
mence next week the greatest naval bat
tle since those of Manila and Santiago.
The victor of Manila will be there, as
also will be men who fought at Santiago.
Dewey will be present as judge, and It
will be his duty to decide upon the merits
of a controversy which began in the last
century and which may not end in this.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Schley-Sampson Contro
versy'Will Leave
Stains.
NAVY PREPARES
FOR INQUIRY
FINDS BOMBS
WITH HIS PICK
Startling Discovery Is
Made by a Workman
in Chicago.
CHJCAGO, Sept- 7.— Burled close to
the Haymarket monument stood,
facing Randolph street, a city laborer to
day found two large dynamite bombs.
\Vord of the discovery spread rapidly and
e. crowd soon gathered around the exca-
Vatlon and gazed curiously at the explo
sives. They were taken to Inspector
Fhea'e office in the Desplaines-street sta
tion. The inspector ordered them de
etroyed.
Street laborers began work early in the
fiay tearing up the pavement around the
epot where the monument to the victims
of the Haymorket riot stood.
They had dug down about a foot when
one of the men who was using a pick
turned up what appeared to be two old
sections of iron pipe. He was about to
throw them aside when he noticed thai
the ends were plugged. He examined them
again and then set them carefully on the
ground and stepped back.
Two city detectives noticing the crowd
that gathered quickly forced their \ray
through the throng and took the bombs to
the Desplaines-street station.
A superficial examination convinced In
spector Shea that they were loaded with
dynamite. The police axe at a loss to
explain how the bombs were burled in
the street.
Progress en Manchurian Kail-way.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 7.— Dispatches
f-om Vladivostok report the progress on
the Manchurian Railway. All the rails
are down on the Port Arthur branch and
immense quajitities of material have been
forwarded up the river for the ¦western
branch. Connection with the Siberian
Railway vdll, it is expected, be made this
autumn.
In the great city of London, the Lancet
says, there must be about five hundred
tnoiif;a!iu people who cannot afford to pay
a Mifliciently high rent to secure healthy
be uses. l
"There is no question, concerning the
availability of labor when we get to grow
ing our tea on a large scale. There Is any
number of young people who will seek
employment as pickers of the tea leaves,
as wagies will be good. We are now Im
porting plants from China, Ceylon and
Japan, and we propose raising the high
est grade -of the product in this country."
—Chicago Journal.
The Secretary of Agriculture, speaking
of the raising of tea In this country, re
cently said: "We are now succeeding ad
mirably An the. production of tea In the
United States. It Is only a question of a
short time when we will be able to raise
all the tea demanded for use in this coun
try. The two tons of tea grown at Sum
merville, S. C.last year so wall satisfied
the New York investors interested in the
industry that they immediately formed a
syndicate and bought 6000 acres of land in
the State, upon which Tea will be grown.
"This department last year sent tea
plants to every gulf State in the Union,
from the Carolinas to California, for ex
perimental raising. We have just heard
from South Carolina that imported ma
chinery in use there is able to make green
tea from the black product in one hour.
We do not yet manufacture such machin
ery In this country, but we will get to
that later. ¦ .»
American Tea Growing.
I It is explained at the legation that it is
I feared the Ecuadorean expedition, aided
I by Nlcaraguans; will attack Panama
while Venezuela assails Colon.
' ' The legation also received a dispatch
! from the Secretary of State at Bogota
I saying that Colombia accepts the friendly
! mediation of the United States.
U WILLiBMSTADT, Island of Curacao,
I Sept. 7.— The cable between Curacao and
! Maracaibo is broken. This is the cause
i of the absence of news from the Venezue
j Ian frontier, which can only be obtained
| by letter. Under date of September 4
I mail advices say that the Venezuelan
troops have not made another attempt to
1 invade Colombia. President Castro abso
lutely refuses to entertain the idea of ac
cepting the good offices of the United
States.- ¦
CARACAS, Sept. 7.— It is understood
that the United States legation will make
1 no further attempt to effect a settlement
1 of the Venezuelan trouble.
"WILLEMSTAD, Curacao, Sept. 7.—
"Venezuelan fleet is bombarding Rio
Hacha.. - . BECERRA."
Dr. Becerra was formerly Colombian
Minister in Washington.
The Colombian legation to-night re
ceived the following telegram from the
acting Governor of Panama:
"We are expecting simultaneous at
tacks on Panama and Colon."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The Colom
bian legation has received the following
cablegram: «.
A report of the proposed visit which
reached New York this afternoon is said
to have been carried at once -directly to
Mr. Morgan by Mr. Schwab, and the de
tails were approved by him. It was an
nounced to-night that the corporation had
made no change In Its original proposi
tion for a settlement, and the only gain
that the Amalgamated men could make
by. coming. to New York would be the per
sonal explanation of all the points of the
agreement and the signing of the agree
ment with the officials of the corporation.
It Is learned late to-night that Presi
dent T. J. Shaffer a«d the members of
the executive board of the Amalgamated
Association will start for New York Sun
day night unless there is another change
of plans in the meantime. The represen
tatives- of the organization go to the me
tropolis for the purpose of conferring per
sonally with President Schwab of the
United States Steel Corporation.
Continuing, he said: "President McKin
ley Is a great and a good man. I could
scarcely believe that an attempt had been
made on his life when I first heard the
news. It seems almost Impossible that
such a man as he is could have an enemy
among any set of men."
President Shaffer's remarks were echoed
and re-echoed among the mill men about
Amalgamated headquarters during the
day. .
"The foul deed of that man is too hor
rible to be permitted to enter into any
discussion of this kind. We need no such
incentive to settle our difficulties."
In the offices of the Carnegie building it
was said there was no change in the
strike situation. The officials of the com
panies interested were making every ef
fort possible fo start the plants. Presi
dent Shaffer said in connection with the
talk of a settlement of the strike that
there was a general impression going
abroad that-the Amalgamated Association
was beaten in this contest. This was far
from true. He said that he did not re
gard the outlook as any more changed
than before the meeting. He deplored the
story that had gone out that the attempt
ed assassination of President ¦ McKinley
would have the effect of hastening settle
ment of the trouble.
All the executive board of the Amalga
mated Association remained in session to
day. Shortly before 6 o'clock this even
ing President SJhaffer came out of the
meeting and announced with' much posi
tiveness that nothing^would be given out.
From the earnestness of the discussion of
the board it was apparent, however, that
some unusual' effort wes being made to
reach a. conclusion ' of the disastrous
struggle and it is again confidently re
ported that Shaffer and his board will be
in New York Monday morning.
The 'only thing that was stated in the
proposition was that the longer the strik
ers l?eld off from the' peace negotiations
the more idle mills would be started and
the less union mills would be found on
the list when final steps were taken to
end the struggle.. Every union mill that
the trust has thus far started since the
strike began is to. remain non-union, while
thooe still idle when , the agreement is
reached will be allowed to remain union
and under Amalgamated influence.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 7.— A settlement of
the steel workers' strike against the
United States Steel • Corporation ' was
looked for to-day. It did not materialize,
but that it is near at hand is generally
conceded. The report that President
Schwab had put a time limit on his prop
osition to the Amalgamated men was de
nied in "official circles to-day.
A Simultaneous Movement
Against Panama and Co
lon Also Expected.
¦ > :¦
President Shaffer Deplores
j the Shooting of Mo.
. Kinley.
Prospect of an Early
Settlement Is Now
Brighter. .
Venezuelan Vessels Said
to Have .Attacked
Rio Hacha.
CASTOR'S FLEET
IS BOMBARDING
STEEL STRIKE
NEARLY ENDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
19
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
After years of patient study and delving into
the dusty record of the past, as well as fol-
io-wing modern exoeriments in the realms of
medical science, Dr. James W. Kidd. 1509 First
National Bank building, Fort Wayne, Ind.,
makes the startling announcement that he has
The Remedy Is Free to All Who
Send Name and Address.
Wonderful Cures Are Effected That Seem
Like Miracles Performed— The Secret
of Long Life of Olden Times
. Revived.
Marvelous Elixir of Life Discovered by
Famous Doctor-Scientist That Cures
Every Known Ailment.
SICK MADE WELL,
WEAK MADE STRONG
B AH/WAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, foot of Marfctt St
San Fransi«-o to Saa Kaiaal.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:0O. 11^0 a. m.: ilia.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at ll:S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips fct \:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:», 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, t:tt.
6:00, <:20 p. m.
San Rafael to &mr» Franc'iscn.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:41,
8:40. 6:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Si
and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:49. 1:40.
6:08. 8:25 p. m. ' '
~~, Leave I In Effect j Arrlv»
San Francisco. | April tt. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I \ -;| Sun- I Week
¦ Daya. ( days. | Deatlnatlon. : daya. | Daya.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 13:40 am 8:40 am
1:20 pm) 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
t:10 pm[ 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ( 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am 'Windsor, 10:t5 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm (:20 pm
7-30 ami 5:00 pml Bopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pmj 8:00 am] and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7: SO am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm . C:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and |
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. [6:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:S0 pmf 6:00 pmf Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at ' Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. HlKhland Sprints, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin • Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's _Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. Willlts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
6aturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duoed rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronltla
building.
B. C. WHITINO. R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manuager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
I>ave Market-street Ferry Depot.
: Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lt San Fran 7:20 a »:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:11 p
" Merced... 13:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a »:11 p
" Fresno 8:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 8:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•'. Vlsalia... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p ,7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:*0a
*' Chicago 8:15 p 9:00 p
a for' morning:, p for afternoon.
•9. a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palac* Sleeping Cars and Dlninff
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for' accommodation of local
flrst-claas passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
«:00* i> in; Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld -Local, stopping; at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corra-
' eponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
' Office*— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Via Sausallto Ferry— Foot ot Market St.
Leave San Fran. Arrive San Fran,
9:30 A.M.') WEEKDAYS 3:35 P. M.
1:15 P. M. Star over nitht at the 6:55 P. M.
4:15 P.M.) TAVERN. 8:45 A.M.
8:00 A. M.1 MONDAY, Sept. 9, f 13:15 P. M.
9:00 A. M. trains will run on 1:15 P. M,
10:00 A. M. Sunday time. J:30 P. M.
11:30 A.M. SUNDAYS — ¦ 4:80 P. M.
1:30 P.M. " B:8O P. M.
2:30 P. M.J . . . I 7:10 P. S5.
Fare, San Francisco to Samattt and Return,
SIM.
Ticket Offices, d Market St. and SassaUtd
&, - Ferry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
SOUTHERN PAOTFTO*
Tmlaa r«»*« mm* ar* da«*l« arrTf • »« r
man rnjuHVimv**. t
(Mainline, Toot of Market Street)
ii.KA.-rx — Jbom Jtjxt li, 1901. — Asarrt
l--. ¦ » ¦ ii i ¦;
7«00a Beoiela, Suiaos, Elmlr* and flacrv ,
Etenw ii i !¦¦¦«» ¦wt tftstt
7:<M»a VaciTiU*. "Winters, Baaumy ttS*»
;itotH u Uimx, Su Hamon. Vfcliejo. Xapa,
C»ll«togm »od Santa Ron «i3S*
8:«o a Dvrla, Woodland, KnigUi* Laadiai,
MwjtsT)U«. Orotills , TiSfy
8:«0i Atlantic RxoteM-Ogdan and E»rt U»*«A».
S.OOa miw, l*throi>, Stockton...... 7i*i»
¦:«Oi NDm, Mendota, Haniord. Viealla,
S:»OABh»«UExpres»-D»»iA_Wmi»in«(fo»
Bftrtlott SprlngB). WlUowi, R»d
Bluil, Porsland,. T>99p
• iSOa Bau Jo»o. UterraoTo, Btooktoo, :
lone, Sacramento. Flaoeriiltah
M«<7»»Dle, Chlco, Rod Uluff «i33*
ItStA Oakdale. Chlaeia (TowmiteX Bo- T|
nor»,Carten «>S9*
•:OOa H»jwMtl, JilkB and Way StaUooa.. H«ft9£
»]»«ATajie]o xatsay 1
»:»»Alx» Aogol«« Rxwrm — M«»tln«L <
Tney, Lathrop, atocktou, Meroe4
Vresuo and Loll Asgelea 7iMM
•i3«a Vallnjo, Martinec aud Way Stations ' TtOa»}
l»t««A The Orerlaud Limited— Ogden. D«n- i
rer. Omaha. Cblca<jo •«9»*
tl:l)»f 8mihh<iuU> Kit«8U!»m«tt..., 19**44:
8i30p Hay w»rd, Uflrg aod Way BUtiofli^ f MUM
4t«*r Braiela, WJat«», tUeraineato, A
WootUand, KnigbU Landlni. i
MaryiTllle, Orortlls l«:33j^,
4i»»r Maxtluex. Han ltaraon. YaUsJo, .
Nua. (Jallatocs, Hantn Bon ""WlA
4tO9t Nfiw, lirennore, Stoekton, Lodl.. . 1 »¦«*
4iat»pH»Tward,NlI««,8»a.Jo«e, Llrtnnor* t*iSd A
««»•» Port Ootta. Timer. Lathrop, 8*ocktea 1MMU'
SiWttp The Owl limited— rmuo, Tal««.
Bakecsfleld. 8»n(ns for 8ant» Bar. -/*
baia, L«c Asgelea... .....* &t33Jk,'
0:«0p M»rtinf z, Antioeh, Stockton, Met*
eed.Fremo !*:«*»
St*«r YosemlUi IltaM*
OiUOp Hew Orleans Exprc— Mwndota. - :
Fresno, Bakersflaid, Loa Aaf eiaa, , - *,, X ',
Demlog, £1 Paao, Sfew Orieaaj
and East 7OSL
«:00p B*; ward, and S*n Joie Ti33*
?•¦O«rVa)l»i« li>M4^
• ¦O«p Oriental Mall— Ogden. GbejeBMt
Omaba. Cbicmgo _». XStitSy
••••rOrlanjsl Mali— Ofdan, VmttK.
Bt Louis, Chl««o. <it«f
, 7iO4r Orofou and Calilorala ICxprna, ¦*».
ritmentu. MarysiHI*. n«iMli)|,
Fortlaurt, Pngak Sound and Ka«k SsSS*
•i«8r Saa Pablo, Pork Coata. .Maittnea
and Way Stations UilSi
t8;«gyTaH*jo..... ,.,. 7i5a^
COAST L.INE (Harroir Gaigt).
(root ot Market Street.) '
ITrMA Baato Ornz Ezeonioa to 3ant» Cm~ - *:
and Prlndpal Way SuUon» |Stt9*
• U5A5ewark,Cant«rTlU<v1auJoa«.Feltoo,
BoaW9rCx«*.S*«t»0«i»aadWay _^ .
BteUoaa •«•»
fail Or Kewazk, CenfcorriUe. Ban Joaa, New
Almaden. Teltoii. BoulderOreek; - ,
Saute Vm aad Fdnoinal Way
StaUoni l«*»i
4i1Sp Tfowark.'S** Joaa, Lm Oatos t«i«»4
«4;iay Qlanwood.BonldarOreek.Bea t*Cnm «#»g*^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma 311 miCISOfr-Jirt «f lukit Btraet (ffij »V- "¦
tl:15 9.Q0 ll:00A.». l;N 1)00 KlSrA
rr«« Oi CU It— F»»»»f !»•••»» j.— 18:00 tS;OO tS;Cl
18.00 a.m. 13:00 tt:03 4:08 r.M.
COAST LJNE (Broaa flasgt).
(Third and Tow ntond 3U.)
1 iJti«A8anJoi-andW»y»UUon*....».«* ••a^A
47i«*A Baj» Joaa mn*. W»» BtoUe— J^iVL
/TiO»A Ifew Al-«d«u.. ..;... „... f*tl»7
!?>»•? Sunday Exounrfon tar Ban Jos*.
8ant» Cms, Ptdfio ureT* tad
PxtndptJ Way SUUodj. JS:»t»
«it*A Ua Joa*. EoObter. Baai» Onk
faetOa Srove. BaUaaa, 9aa taJ»
Obispo. 8ant« Bwixara awl Prla-
dpal lutaxBMdlata SluUana..^.... T»»*»
l»i»«ABanJoeeandWay8t»tlotu....«..^ «»»0>
1 1 j»«a Ban Joae aad Way Stations ....«,. *•*•»
fSt4»pS*n M»t«o. lUdweed. Mento Put "
Palo Alto. BaoU Clara, Baa jeae.
EePicter. Santa Onm. Baftaaa.
MoateTerand PaelBo GroT» , »Ml«TI^
_ StSffr Ban Jose, Twa Plnoa. Buti Ore* ¦
PMiflo Gran «a4Way SkattoA *x\H
H«1»P San Joie and Prin«ip»J Way 8tatlo*i O»4aJ»
t5t*«pSaa Joee, Loa Gatoa aad PziB«t*al _^_
Way StaHa— , !•«??*
BiSvr SaaJoeeandPrlaolBalWarStaUotiai i33«A
OiUOr Bed\rood, fiaa Joeo. GQray, ptttutt, ',
BauU Barbara, Lot Ang^.tU l#t«9&
6:»0r 8an Jose and Way 8Ut»otis.^^«» tfj«H
¦Ht4Hr Saw JeeBtM'Way ttja»jeBa,. WMt , TQ*\
A for Mornipf. P fj» Afttcaoofa.
t Snnday e jo«pt«d. % «hj»da» oniA
• Batnrdky only. • Monday,
«Btard»ytaA&uid«a>. ITumAtamtJXUq^
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
..EASTERN POINTS.
E. 8. BLAIR. Gen. A*t.. *33 lXaxk* rt.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY,
Bally Palace and Tourist Sleeper*. J ? I
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. J*']
Library Observation Car. . ~* ~
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Partial , paralysis, locomotor ataxia, dropsy,
gout, scrofula and piles are auickly and per-
manently removed. It purifies : the , entire • sys-
tem, ' blood and tissues, restores ! normal ' nerve
power, circulation and a state of perfect health
Is produced at once. : To the doctor all systems
are alike and equally, affected by , this great
"Elixir, of Life." Send for the remedy to-day.
It; is' free • to every sufferer. ;¦' State what you
want to be cured of and the sure j remedy for
it will be sent you ¦ free ¦ by . return mail.
surely discovered the elixir of life. That he is
able, with the aid of a mysterious compound,
known only to himself, produced as a result of
the years he has spent In searching for this
precious llfe-glvlng boon, to cure'any and every
disease that Is known to the human body.
There Is no doubt of the doctor's earnestness In
making- his claim and the remarkable cures
that he' is daily effecting seem to bear him out
very strongly. His theory which he advances
la one of reason and based on sound experience
In a medical practice, of many years. It costs
nothing to try his remarkable ."EHxlr ot^Ure,"
as he calls It, for he Bends it free, to any one
who Is a ¦ sufferer.- In sufficient quantities to
convince of its ability to cure.* so there is abso-
lutely no risk to run. Some of the cures cited
are very remarkable, and but for reliable' wit-
nesses . would ' hardly be credited. The lame
have thrown away crutches and walked about
8fter two s or three trials of the remedy^ The
sick, siven up by home doctors, have been re-
stored to their, families and friends In perfect
health. ' Rheumatism,, neuralgia, stomach,
heart, ' liver, kidney, blood and skin diseases
and bladder troubles disappear as by magic.
Headaches, backaches, nervousness, fevers,
consumption, j coughs, colds, , asthma, catarrh,
bronchitis and fall; affections of the throat,
lungs or any vital organs are easily overcome
in a space of time that is simply marvelous.
DR. JAMES WILLIAM KIDD.
Weak Men, Arouse Yourselves, Feel the Exhilarating Soark of Vigor In
Your Neryes. Recover the Power You Have-Lost.
Would you not like to have your friends point to you
r^s^ i^^ as they used to do and say, . "There goes a strong man"?
¦f^jft J\ **8M' Do you not wish your eye to be so bright, your step so
ffY* f **\ \-- / 3r rm a11(^ y° m ' so erect that men and women will *ad-
ytp& \ ft f mire you and remark at your manly bearing? These are the
jifc. J^/ \ thoughts uppermost in the minds of modern men — physical
2^35J»^ ~s*"^ f \ and mental perfection, strength and manly power.
f \ N^ a ) Who docs not like to be strong, to feel that he is equal
fegggago s ' ** • s, \' •* / i n strength to any map of his age? You can be if you will obey
£&j£cg|«£ "V>*Ir v-", ~% sf the appeal-here made to you. Despond no more. Be up and
K-G^J-a '+./•• r * ,^h^~. S'i&y acting. Infuse into your body the life-giving power from
Egg^Khgis /^k&sj"'"'x^ ' y^- ' " 'Ir^'x' *- ,^_» lms appliance and you will soon feel tht: grateful nerve, force
B^wB^ ' -^ J- f" 't_£>^{§» jumping through your veins; your carriage will then be erect
' * V^"' - y^^^^k anf ' your c ' ance a s P^ r^ le nt ' gladsome friendship. Your
- *" . - - ')§&gsJ£&&L brain will become clear and your heart light, and all the
rt¥j^ ~-* — v ~'^^S^^^_S world will seem to you again what it is a pleasure to know, a
B8t' ¦§^""^-W= Jl " MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
B^^^S/ " *^ >J^s» -Y\ " 7 / as ma^ e thousands of lives happy during the past six
rfejv~¥ "^ % , • \A i // months. You have heard your neighbor speak of it. In
r " '. ' * V \ *ij *\ every locality some one speaks well of Dr. McLaughlin's
V\ A Electric Belt, because every town has one or more cures bv
V'A jl it. The delicate nature of the matter prevents the public
¦?' mention of its effects by those who have benefited bv it. If
J5 were not for this fact there would not be space in this paper to print the gladsome tidings which would
be produced.^ It is a remedy born in nature, and is the only natural means of regaining'vital force; therefore it
is. the only sure means of regainine it. Drugs have been tried and have failed. You know that: but Dr. Mc-
Latighlms Electric Belt cannot fail; it is Electricity, and "Electricity Is Life." It gives j'ou the oil with which to
set the machinery of your body in motion, and a* few months' use of it will assure you health and happiness for the
rest of your life. "It is worth its weight in gold to me," says a recent letter. "I would not sell it for all the gold
m this State, writes another crateful patient. It will cure all Nervous and Organic Weakness. Rheumatism. Lame
Back, Kidney and Bladder Troubles. Indigestion. Dyspepsia and all ailments following the effects of. dissipation.
It will prove of great value to any man who suffers from these ailments.
T iTF CITBF^ "Tour belt 1e the only cure I hav» ever found. I have .gained 15 pounds since I begran wearing It. I can work now and am
L.A1E VLAE.3. fuU or e nerrr."-C. H. DREWRT. Korbel. Cal.. June S. 1901.
1 was an old man of 79 before I got your belt. Now, after wearing It three month?. I feel like a young: man of 35. The years are
there, but my step 1» as flm as at 35, and I feel just as vigorous."— A. CRAWFORD, Tokegama. Or., June 18, 1901.
TPRTATN rm?F OU ta -^ c no c^ ance s on the McLaughlin Belt, as a cure is guaranteed in every case. Dr. Mc-
vEIllAiil VUHC. Laughlin has written a book which should be in the hands of every young, middle-aSfcd and old
man. It should be read by every man who does not feel himself equal to his fellow man in strength. It will be sent
fre.e, closely sealed from observation, to any man who wishes to know'of his own weakness, and the best means of
curing it. Send for it to-day. It has full information and price list. Address, enclosing this ad,
DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 702 Market Street, Cor. Geary, San Francisco.
Office Hours: 8 A. At. to 8:3O P. M. Sundays, IO to 1.
Los Angeles Office, 131 W. Second Street. Seattle, 105 Columbia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.HALL'SREINVIGORATOxRBraW
Five hundred reward for any |k2_iB_i
case we cannot cure. This secret SjS— I — BWj
remedy stops losses In 24 hours, • g 3
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vart- BSH WBH
cocel-?. Strictures, Gleet. Drains, nTW Rffl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- UlLJ LxJ
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- ESci
es. Sent sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles. hSBmmBEa
S5; guaranteed • to cure any case. Aaoraaa
HALL'S MEDICAIj INSTITUTE. 8» Broad»
way, Oakland. CaL Also for salt at 1073**
Market st., 8. F. All prlvaU dtauw auicil/
cured, Sosd tor' tx99 bookk ( - - —^_
g> ¦ pp • f> nil I I Corner Fourth and
I ! 1 I li II I I If II I Market. S. F. Try
I l\ r r K 1 1 1 II I <""• Special Brew,
~Fiist ¦¦ mm^j ¦¦¦¦¦t-^ Overcoats' and
%$ffi& valises checked trmm.
Via Ferry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAIXBT
AND SAN RAFAEU
¦WEEK DATS— «:55, 8:30. »9:30. U a. m_
12:45 *1:4S, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. *6:tS, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday!
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00, n0:00, U:00. U:S0
a m., 12:45 »l:3O. 2:30. *3:45. 6:00, 8:00. 7:«0
p. .m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL.. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25, 6:27, 7:47. - 8:35. 10:15
a. in *12:25 1:15. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, *8:00, 9:45, »ll:00 a. m., «U
m.. 1:00. 2:15, •3:30, 4:30, •5:45. 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
P> 'Tralns marked (•) start from San Quentln. .
FROM MIL— VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK. DATS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. -2:45, 3:50. 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at. 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ¦ .
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15,
1:20' 2:30. -3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
, ' < THROUGH TRAINS. ,
•' 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions itJM>wimft^wmj^owl^flP a *tej?. < 'rw*it!
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and -way sta-
tions. . . ¦ ¦ •¦ - ¦* !!i>-HIGP^!U4'l l • * : -
~-8:00 a. xn. . Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ;¦¦¦-.:¦ ; .- ¦ ¦ •--'-- : ¦ ¦
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions, • ; v._,.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
MISCELLANEOUS.
.RAILWAY TBAVEL.
jBSB^^^^^ gBM^pjgiffpjpffSfff / I'll
m % 1 I ' '^fiilpniiitcriBf
' S "Wonderful Pain Remover^-rab
THE HEALTH OPWOBK WOMEN. I *&\^\£\^%f£ *,$$£.
_, . , -,- - ~_ „ immediate relief.
How the Manag-er of One Concern "Women -who have to stand tip
Prevents Suffering Among aH day^efore ggj-ggj-
JUS Help. , selling goods, sweeping, baking 1 .
The manager of a large establishment "KS%,^_S? l __. < SS^__?^SSJ
where several hundred girls are em- en must do, ought to use Hal-
ployed at various kinds of work said ; - g^J^SgfSJ^jgJ
that Halpruner s Pain Remover was a backs,
sodsend to working women. _&tVS£t. t S f SSu^ j
Ninety-nine out of every hundred and give your back strength to
iroung women who compelled to ¦ t __L t St 1 _55SK^ t Sf-i_b It on
work for a living suffer with . dreadful .the outside on the aching parts i
hnrWarlips " caiH th* manacrpr "T Viav#» ( —there is nothing Injurious
backaches, said the manager. 1 have j about It _ nothln - but heal J th
seen bright, rosy cheeked, energetic strength, and that Is what you
young women grow dull, wrinkled and ought to _ave.
rnrewnrn heran<:#» r»f thfq*» minfiil tirpH A11 drugrglsrts sell it, but yoo mu«t
careworn Decause 01 tnese painmi, tiren Jns)st on Ha i prrmer , g Paln Re _
backaches. ' Every line in their faces mover— don't take anything else, tor
shows the pain they are suffering ' "i» t t£JF$L£ a !£* *ZZ
We've stopped that thing pretty much ££ " r^t^ k iF S &S
in our factory. Most of our girls use T^ 0 ?' 1 . 8el1 lt to y" 1 8end «i««t to
r»- tr^i-.-.,-,*-',. T>^;-. !?.«-».»«- TU~* r Halpruner Medical Manufacturing
Dr. Halpruner S .rain Kemover. I nev Company. 28 California, street.
rub it on their backs at night and it •¥ k
o-i'vac tViPtn cfrpncrfh onri vitniitv fnr th«> have nae(1 many different '
gives tnem Strengtn ana Vitality lor me medicines and Unlmenta for Ured
next, day's work. ' and lame back, but none of
Tt'c a wrvnrfprfiii rrmeriv that nene- them ever save me any relief
its a wonaermi remeay inai paie untu j trled D _ Halpruner*«
trates deeply, increases the Circulation, Wonderful Pain Remover and I
creates heat and removes all pain and waa SUS^S^S™"*--*
aches. Air druggists sell it at soc and 251 second at, Oakland, cal.
$1.00 .a bottle, or send direct to Hal- * ¦"*
pruner Medical Manufacturing- Com- * _jpfKj«qpig»"gg*"pwB___pa-_B^ r
nam- Paiifnrnin cfrppt .9 P Cn] Tj;ggJB__k__^ ¦¦¦^ wm ¦¦^¦— ¦
§ Friedman's Furniture §
I Store News I
A Don't wait rill you need something but come at any time; look at i
g the beautiful things — you'll enjoy it. Ask the salesmen questions; H
ff the more you know about our store, goods and methods the bet- §!
fej tcr we will like it — and the better you will like it, too. g
H f)nf10 PrtrtlDPOC New effects and combinations In O AA a
| KUIK5 lUI lltfl TO those best of all decorative por- 3-vU' |
fj tleres. Others, 4, 5, 7 to 10. Come and see examples in draping and color If
M effects In our Drapery Department display — helpful suggestions for you. ||
§ AvmiriCfOP DflftC High pile, Blge'low Axmlnsters. C AA 1
H /tAlllllloli/l IllllJO The rich, delicate coloring, deep, U.VU H
fa velvety body and artistic patterns makes an ideal piano or drawing - room i
p rug; a most durable rug, too.* 36x60 inches. Usually sold for 9.50—6.00 g|
I Cmi/ma DffflC Big, all wool, two-sided, of a peculiar I *>C |
I OtlljIllU KUyo mottled effect 36x72; fringed ends ¦¦W |
I High pH6 CSPpCtS These standards in choiec 1
I patterns, sewed, lined and laid in S. F., °™rL£l£- 1
I 4 patterns of Wilton Velvet, worth 1.25 for 1.00 a yard |
1 3 ' ' High pile Axmlns. worth 1.35 for 1.10 a yard 1
\\ 3 «' Savonerrle Axmlns. worth 1.75 for 1.25 a yard I
| 3 * * , Bigelow Axmlnster worth 1.75 for 1.25 a yard I
|| "The Credit House." Six Stories High. «
[« ' •"' * rfTT^IIin i«A ¦ H
15 £Q± rt»r»fc fir t^^&iqtQzErw /\ El
P 233-235-237 g ftjU Goods Marked |n Pfa« Ti^af^M Private Exchange RSpecial- Trips.
•To accommodate j patrons on -Admission ¦
day, trains " on the' Mount • Tama'Ipats
Scenic Railway .will berrun 1 - on Sundav
schedule.- ¦ ". , -. •
'OAKLAND. Sept. : 7.— The Railroad
Traffic and the White Star Laundry clubs
will I play . a • game • of baseball to-morrow
at.GoIden Gate Park/Oakland, game to
be called at 12 o'clock. It will be a fight
for supremacy, as the ' White Stars have
already beaten their rivals once.' : ¦ ;¦ r^ >¦:,
Amateurs to Play Baseball.
To-morrow there will be a handicap
tournament against* bogey over eighteen
holes, match play, .for -which two prizes
are offered. Robert Johnstone, '-. the club
professional/will handicap the contest
ants, and the first eighteen holes i played
during, the day -will be counted for -the
score. The contestants will i be drawn in
couples, the weaker player receiving from
the stronger, the difference between their
handicaps, sr-. ¦¦:¦¦. ~
' There was • a good attendance of mem
bers of the San Francisco Golf Club at
the Presidio links yesterday, among those
who went round the. course being J. W.
Byrne, Lansing O.- Kellogg, W. J. Dutton,
Major | Charles Christensen, L. - B. Ed
wards, Worthlngton Ames and Leonard
Chenery. . The .tie for , first \ place in - the
Labor day handicap against bogey be
tween J. W. Byrne and L. B. Edwards
was played off, the latter, who received
a handicap of twelve holes, beating the
former, who had a handicap of four holes.
The winner halved- two ' of the eighteen
holes with bogey, and so finished 16 down,
lees 12, or 4 down. •
Handicap Against Colonel Bogey
Will Take Place at Tresidio Links
\ on Admission Day. . ',',
GOLFERS PLAY OFF TIE
IN LABOR DAY TOURNEY
Southern Pacific will sell tickets Sep
tember 6, 7 and 8. good on any train, re
turn limit Tuesday, September 10, to Lake
Tahoe and return for $10.80. Stop at any
lake resort. Fine fishing, boating,.moun
tain climbing, hunting, etc. Best time to
be In the mountains.'. Ask for folder 613
Market street. .
Excursion to Lake Tahoe.
W.*B. Collier, a bye; C..G. Kuehn vs.
R. G. Hunt, M. Johnson vs. P. Murdock,
C. Gooding vs. F. Brown; H. H. Braley
vs.C. C.Braokln. . . •
:•• The drawing for 'the consolation singles
tournament, to be played Monday morn-
Ing, resulted as follows: ' .
• In the morning Alfonso Bell, the cham
pion of Southern California, by beating
Bob Whitney in the finals of the singles
tournament won that event and earned
the right to play George Whitney on
Monday for the championship of the
coast. The . score In "Bell's favor was 6-1,
6-8, 6-1, 6-3.
• While the majority picked Whitney lo
win, still those who know him best were
very much afraid he would lose to Bell.
When up against a stranger Whitney
loses self-control and becomes very nerv
ous.—At times he drove beautifully, but
his nets and outs were very . numerous.
Bell played a fine game at the net. but
was rather, weak in the back court. His
service worried "Whitney considerably, the
bounce being too high. to driye. ¦
"The championship match in singles will
be played Monday 'afternoon, at ¦ 2:30
o'clock, when ¦ Champion George Whitney
will be, called upon to defend his title
against Bell, the winner of the tourna
ment. ;
Smith ¦ and. McGavin came very near
winning. both the second and third sets.
In the second they had a lead of 6-5 and
in the third they led at 3-0 and 4-2 van
tage in v their favor. Robert' was rather
tired from his match In the morning and
Gecrge was a trifle nervous. The losers
both played their hardest, and although
beaten were not disgraced. Their show
ing of ' yesterday" was better than . that
made by the Hardys a year ago against
the same team. There was an unusually
large crov.-d of spectators present and ex
citement ran high at critical moments.
The Whitney brothers — George and Rob
ert — by beating . Smith and McGavin yes
terday in the challenge match on the San
Rafael courts are the champions of the
coast in doubles for the coming year.
They were expected to win with little
trouble, but their opponents put up a
game fight. The score in favor of the
Whltneys was 6-3. 8-6, 7-5.
NETV YORK, Sept. 7.— Two fixtures
were decided at the Sheepshead Bay races
to-daj'. One was the Great Filly stakes,
worth $28,750, the other the Century stakes
of $10,000, at one mile and a half. , Blue
Girl, William C. Whitney's filly, was
beaten a short head for the first named
in a sensational finish with Leonora. Lor
ing. Blue Girl was coupled with Gunfire
and Rose of May as the Whitney entry
and was a 3 to 5 favorite. Leonora Lor
ing jumped to the front at tho start, and,
with Hatasco and Lux Casta in close.at
tendance, made the running tp~ the" bend
for home. Far back Blue Girl was strug
gling along with the trailers. -At the last
furlong pole Blue Girl was eight lengths
behind. Shaw at this point got to work
on the , favorite and with a phenomenal
burst of speed Blue Girl flew past the
others and on to the post just a head-be
hind the winner, Leonora Lorinp lasting
long enough to win by a head. Mr."Whit
ney after the race asked the stewards to
make an official investigation of Shaw's
ride on Blue Girl. .
• In the Century stakes Water Color, sec
ond choice in the betting, galloped' in
front all the way and won easily by three
lengths from Rockton In 2:32. Blues was
favorite in this race at even money. Re
sults: - ¦¦ ' - . ' '?¦
First race, five furlongs Belling — Prophetic
won. Honolulu second, The Referee third. Time,'
1:00 2-5. - ,
Second race, six furlongs— Lady. Uncas' won.
Unmasked second. ¦ Cervera • third. , Time,
1:13 ? 6. . .
Third race, the Great • Filly stakes, six fur
longs — Leonora .LorlnE won. Blue Girl second,'
Bunshower third. Time, 1:14 4-5. . , . ,
Fourth ' race, the Century stake, $10,000, one
mile ' and a half — Water • Color won; Rockton
second. Terminus third.. Time. 2:32. - . \. ¦¦.'.
Fifth race, about two miles and. a half, steep
lechase— Bulllngdon won, Zanzibar second, Sir
Hubert third. Time, 5:17. : • v ¦-,:¦¦ ¦¦ ¦-
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth on the
turf, selling — Intrusive won, Bowen. second, An
nie Thompson third. Time, 1:47 3-5. .
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Harlem summary:
First race, 'six furlongs, - selling— Mondoro
won. School for Scandal . second, Andes third.
Time, 1:12 4-5. ¦ • •
Second race, five furlongs — Henry . Zltt • ¦won.
Rag Tag second, Julia Junkln third.. Time,
1:011-5. ¦ \
Third race^ one mile,' selling— Synia won. Es
pionage second. Laureate third;- Time, 1:49. . •
Fourth race. Garden City stakes, six furlongs
— Maggie Davis won. Headwater second. Master
Mariner. third. • Time.; 1:13 1-5/ ,
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth— Argregor
won. Strangest second, Leo Newell third. Time.
1:53. '" •.'.,-¦-< -- " ' - ' ." ¦
1 ¦ Sixth race, one mile— St. - Marcos won. > Six
Shooter second, Denman Thompson third. Time
1:40 2-5. •: . ., . - • : ;
Seventh race, one mile — Alee won, Vernetta
Singles Tennis Tourna
ment Is Won by-
Alfonso Bell.
Sensational Finish for
the Great Filly
Stakes.
Gillespie Held for Murder.
George D. Glllespie, who shot and killed
XV. F. Griffin, one of his roomers, in his
loflgring-house z.t Xlnth and Minna streets
August 20, was held to answer before the
Superior Court *y Judge Conlan yester
day on the charge of murder. An appli
cation was made to release the defendant
on Ixmds, but the Judge said he would be
l>eJd without bail.
Reception Postponed.
The Pioneer Women's entertainment
and reception Arranged to be held at
Golden Gate Hkll on Monday afternoon
has been indefinitely postponed on account
of President McKinley's precarious condi
tion.
WHITNEYS HOLD
CHAMPION FORT
second, Ida V third. Time, 1:41 4-5.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. . 7.— Delmar summary:
First race, one mile — Syncopated Sandy won,
Domlnis second. Nellie Helmuth third. Time,
.1:42%. . . • . -¦ •
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth—Men
ace won, South Breeze second. Wine Press
third. Time, 1:<S.
Third race, five furlongrs — Dean Swift- won.
Bart Howe second. Leviathan third. Time.
1:03.
Fourth race, one mile— Peaceful won, Van
Hoorebeke second, Pryor third. Time. l:«Hi.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Sambo won. Rose of
Red second," Huntressa third. Time. 1:15%.
Sixth race, one mile — Nekarnis won, Diaz
second, Fairy Day third. Time, l:42H."j
Seventh race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Sweet Dream won, Ethel Wheat second. Re
voke third. Time. ::20',4.
FORT ERIE. Sept. 7.— Results: -
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
The Laurel won, Ordeal second, Jim Nap third.
Time. 1:08.
Second race, selling, five furlongs — Lemuel
won. J. Patrick second, Viviani third. Time,
1:02%.
Third race," six furlongs— Sprlngwells won,
Doyle's Commoner second. Meditation third.
Time, 1:13%.
Fourth , race, steeplechase, short course — In
terference won. Lord Farondale second. Snow
Storm third. Time, 3:46*4.
Fifth race, handicap, one mlie-^pry won,
Edith Q second, Talala third. Time. .1:41.
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Loone won, L.
W. second. Chairman third. Time. 1:41%.
Knights E«turning.
The members of California and Golden
Gate command* ries who went to Louis
ville, Ky., to a :tend the conclave" of the
Knights Templars are returning from
their pilgrimage, but not in a body They
are coming back as individuals, several
of them having already returned. Mem
bers of the com nanderies who did not go
to the conclave are making arrangements
to have one or more receptions to show
their appreciatljn of the good work of
California and Golden Gate commanderies.
Grace Gates, who was divorced from
William C. Gates (Swlftwater Bill) on
July fii 1898, has petitioned the Superior
Court for leave to c&ange her name. Th«
petitioner states that her present name
has rcBUlted in her persecution by detec
tives, and her former husband has re
sulted in her being paraded In the news
papers as the former wife of the notorious
Bwiftwater Bill and through his actions
has ' become obnoxious to her and her
family. She asks the court to permit her
to take the name of Grace Vandelor
Keane. '
Swjftwater Bill's Name Obnoxious.
Charles Fuchs, A. Pollack, 6tto Lans. ' W.
Kaiser, Gus Hagerdorn, H. Ohlandt, Joe Trask,
Otto turn Sudan, O. Finke, C. Schulz, Jake
Joseph, L. C. Wunder, F. Hammersmith,
Charles Rosenberg. A. Hermann. L. Jockers,
Isador Zellerbach, William Wolf. Emlle Dlngel
E. L. Wagner. G. Guy. H. Frledlander and
Hans Veronl. j : .
and Elelke, G.- Sokoloff, W. Starke, R. Stock
mann, A. Sutkamp. Dr. ' Emll Steltzner, Harry
Samuels, Henry Strelltz, Sig. Solomon, Alfred
Schindler. Oscar A. Tolle, G. A. Trost, H.
Thode, George F. Volz, E. Wallach, B. Wallen-
Fteln, W, Wankowski, August Messell, R.
Wier.ecke, Emll Woenne. Alfred TVollpert, M.
Zacharias, Charles Zlnkand, ¦ J. C. Zellerbach, I
OFFICERS OF HARMONIE SINGING SOCIETY, THE MEMBERS OF
WHICH LEFT YESTERDAY ON EXCURSION TO BOULDER CREEK.
WHERE THEY WILL ENJOY THREE DAYS' OUTING.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Ju
lia A. McLeod against John N. McLeod
for cruelty, Frederick F. Baker against
Kellie K. BaHex^ for infidelity, Rose
Meacham against Carl S. Meacham for
desertion. Sophie Beller against Sydney
Bellor for cruelty, Joseph M. Marion
against Celine Marion for Infidelity Kati-»
Huessmann agiinst John C. Hues'smann
for failure to provide, Leona R. Lester
against Joseph M. Lester for statutory
grounds and Mrs. E. Bayer against C
Bayer for failure to provide.
Divorce Suits Filed.
A. Schilling-, attorney for M. Escarde,
who obtained judgment against L. Tamm
for $130, made application yesterday to
Justice of the Peace Joachimsen for an
order to show cause whv Henri Dalle
magne, the French Consul, should not be
punished for contempt of court for refus
ing: to obey a summons to appear as a
witness. Tamm is the Consul's secretary
¦and Schiliinp has been given until next
Tuesday to furnish authorities that Con
fuls are not exempted by virtue of their
office from answering summons. Tamm
was up on an order of examination, and
testified that he could not pay the judg
inent-as he had no resources.
Wants French Consul Punished.
Supervisors jWill Not Sue People's
Mutual Concern to Force Surren
der of Privileges.
The Board o!f Supervisors will receive a ,
report from the Judiciary Committee at
next week's meeting In which it will be
recommended (that no suit be commenced
against the People's Mutual Telephone
«?uZ*?Z toward the forfeiture
of its franchisk A resolution was adopt
ed recently bj>- the board accusing the
o? m s??nft 0 iuft havIns expended the sum
of J2o,000 within a certain period and
asking the City Attorney for his opinion
as to the mode of procedure to compel
th ®. co ™P an >l ty surrender its franchise.
The City Attorney held that if the as-
Bertjons madel in the board's resolution
were facts and that none of the requlr-e
ments and conditions imposed on the com
pany had beeh complied with, then the
board should make demand upon the com
pany for $10,000— the amount of its bond.
James L. Crlttenden, president of the
company, appeared before the committee
and stated that the concern was proceed
ing in good fai|;h to install its system.
LEONORA LORING,
NOT BLUE GIRL
E. "W. Armstrong. J. Augustlny, George H.
Bahrs. A. Becker, J. Blumenthal. William Bo
gen, FhH Bohr, Arthur Brand, Adam Brehm,
Joseph Budde. Henry Bohls, H. M. Branden-
Rtein, E. Barthels, L. Bauer, John Constantine,
Charles Dechart, Charles Drescher, H. C. Dro
per. Max Dunow, William Ehrenpfort, Alfred
Esberg, Ernest Essbach, Charles Erken, F.
Fenstel, F. Franz, ' Valentine Franz, O." C.
Groesinger, Joseph E. Greppin, Robert Gelsen,
F. Hagemann, Charles Hahn, C. R. D. Stan
sen, Peter Harder, Otto Helkenberg, Theodore
Herbert, J. Herbert, Otto Hess, Henry Hock,
Max Hoeflich, Charles E. Baneen, F. Holtum,
B. Hauechlld, F. Hansmann, B. Jaubus, Henry
Jordens. ¦William Kahn, Ed Kalben, R. Kess
ler, Ph. Kiefer, F. Kistenmacher, H. Kisten
macher, John L. Koster. Carl Krecker, Henry
Kuhls, A. Koster, J. Lerner, Bam Levl, Charles
Ixjesch, William G.'Loewe, B. Lorentz, Augrust
Lang. A. B. Lang, M. A. Lang. Ben Lillenthal,
G. E. Lamont, M. Levy, Dr. M. Magnus, R. Mohr,
J. S. Matheaon, Phil Mueller, Richard Munk,
Carl Marx, C. Meir, A. Meyer, Fritz Mueller.
Charles Nlgnet, O. Normann, Harry Newhoff,
N. Ohlandt, H. - Pankow, Henry Plagemann,
William Plagemann, J. F. Plagemann. William
J. Plagemann, Robert Palsberg, John Quadt,
Henry Raschen, Martin Raschen, Charles Rehn,
A. Relfenetein. M. Remmensperger, Louis
Roesch, Charles Roller. H. Rosenbaum, E. M.
Rosener, Chris Ruhl, Peter J. Rock, A. Rep
sold, Professor J. R. Riegger, George Schafer,
H. Schaefer. Henry Schmidt, F. Schoettler,
William Schroeder, I Henry Schroeder, Carl
Schritt, Joseph Schwarz, F. C. Slebe,-*Ferdin-
The members of the Harmonie Society
who will take part in the festivities are
the following named:
Arrangements — Henry Plagemann, president;
George Volz. chairman; George Schafer, Philip
Bohr, J. Bluraenthal, Charles Rehn, John
Plagemann and Philip Kiefer.
Amusements— Professor E. Riegcer. Max Du
now. Robert Lorentz and 6. Levl.
The following committees have been ap
pointed to have charge of the three days'
outing:
"Aunt Borrow." These will be placed on
a funeral pyre and after ceremonies pecu
liar to the society the members will all
chant Chopin's funeral march while the
flames destroy the figures.
TELEPHONE COMPANY WILL
BJETTADf ITS FRANCHISE
Mrs. Kenny, who has been again mar
ried 6lnce the divorce, stated that she and
Stevens were married In April, 1892. A son
was born to them, James Stevens, who is
now S years of age. In October. 1899, she
secured a divorce for willful neglect. She
had property on Bush street in her own
right worth several thousand dollars.
Pending the divorce Stevens pretended
that he was anxious for the boy's wel
fare, and wanted money deposited in
bank to be held in trust for him till he at
tained his majority. She agreed to de
posit flOOO In the Hibernia Bank after the
divorce was granted and she had sold her
property. She. Stevens and the boy went
to the. bank and she wanted the money
deposited in their three names, but the
bank would only accept two names, and
Stevens insisted upon his and the boy's
name being selected, to which she con
sented. He promised to pay $15 per month
for the boy's support, but she has only
received $20 through Stevens' mother.
On October 6 of last year Stevens drew
the interest on the deposit. November 1 he
drew 543 and December 5 the balance of
$S60. He went to Honolulu with the monev
and returned a lew dave ago.
Mrs. Mary A. Kenny, 2206# Leaven
worth street, Becured a warrant from
Judge Cabaniss ' yesterday through her
attorney, W. H. "Wascerwitz, for the ar
rest of her divorced husband, James C.
Stevens, a cement worker, on the charge
of felony embezzlement. The amount al
leged to have been taken Is $960.
Wife, Swears Out Warrant for
HiB Arrest.
Sirs. Hary A. Kenny, His- Diverted
BTEVEITS WANTED FOB
Everett St. John, the former president
cf the Seaboard line. Is still a guest at
the Palace. He is still very reticent as
to the objects : of his visit here. Many
of the old railroad officials state that they
think St. John has come to take Fitz
hugh's position.
On the other hand the guests of the
Hotel Rafael tell quite a different story.
They claim that Fltzhugh came over to
the hotel on- Friday nigrht and 'that with
in two .hours all his belongings had been
packed; that Mrs. Fltzhugh , went around
the hotel bidding everybody good-by and
eaylng that she was going East and might
never see them asrain.
Fltzhugb's secretary was seen last even-
Ing. He became very confidential and
paid that the president's assistant had
pone East on a pleasure Jaunt. He said
that he expected that Fitzhugh would be
gone some time, but that he would surely
return. '
Under the regime of President Hays
the •policy of the company and the move
ments of his most prominent officials have
been hard to ascertain. The departure of
Fltzhugh was not generally known in
railroad circles until late yesterday.
When It became general gossip no motive
for his departure could be given.-
H. E. Fltzhugh, who has -acted as as
sistant to President Hays of the Southern
Pacific Company -for a brief period,
packed up bag and baggage Friday and
went East. He took his wife and family
with him and now all the railroad men
around the yellow building are guessing
whether he Intends to "return or whether
he has resigned his position. .¦
. **• -A-- Wagner, the young- woman's
father, came with his daughter from
2£?- ! t y £ ou 5 ty L mmedIatel y a «er the ao
?l A >,? e has been at her slde constant
ly and his presence has done much in al
i^ y * n »F h^ recurring fears. Ho has had
£ °. thought of taking her to an asvlum
Kid 1 r oT$? ££ her as Ion * as * he §
TV* should have feared for Miss "Wagner's
sanity had it not been that medical treatment
brought her out of her convulsive epells. Bhe
has been rational for several days and has at
tended her meals regularly. No one to talk
to her would know that she vaa ill. She is
kept very quiet and is allowed to see only a
few of her most Intimate friends. Her father
and mother are with her constantly and are
greatly encouraged over her improvement.
W. Schmidt, Miss Wagner's brother-in
law, and at whose home the young lady
Is now staying, said to-day:
Miss Wagner's condition is due to shock from
frlgrht and strain frpm holding- th« runaway
horse. The fever eettllng in her brain has
given her a form of dementia at times, but
aa 6oon aa the fever ia cured her recovery
may be hoped for. Care and quiet is what
she needs. She should rest in seclusion for
eome time.
Miss Wagner's condition has been,pecu
liar. In her weakened state fear of the
panther would come over her again and
then the fever would settle in her brain,
bringing on violent spells of half an hour's
duration. By applying ice to her hoad
and hot applications to her feet the blood
would be. drawn from her brain and her
normal condition restored. This and
other treatments have succeeded in les
sening the number and violence of her
convulsive spells and in reducing her
fever. Every hope Is now entertained for
her complete recovery.
of Miss Wagner's . condition,
Dr. Miner said:
Miss Pearl "Wagner of Berkeley, who
was prostrated from fright by having a
panther pursue her in the Trinity County
mountains six weeks ago, is recovering
from the terrible experience she under
went. For nearly a week she has attend
ed her meals regularly and has had none
of the violent convulsions and spells of
unconsciousness to which she was sub
ject for a number of days after her fright.
Sh« still has a fever into which the shock
threw her, but this is being gradually
overcome. Dr. H. N. Miner, the attend
ing physician, believes that with the con
quering of the fever complete health will
be restored.
Everett St. John Will Not
Talk Regarding His
Visit Hera
Her Mind Is Clear Again and
Her Appetite Has
¦ Returned.
Wife Bids Farewell to
Her Friends at San
Rafael.
Panther Scare Brought
on Attack of Brain
FITZHUGH GOES
EAST SUDDENLY
PEARL WAGNER
WILL RECOVER
SINGERS MEET AT BEN LOMOND
TO PASS DAYS IN MERRY FETE
German Harmonie Society Will Perforn Its Peculiar Rites on
the Banks of Boulder Creek, Where "Uncle Care" and
"Aunt -Sorrow" Will Be Consigned to the Flames
Dr.'E. P. Zeltiieck and John V. Zimmermann.
The invited guests are: f -
W- Stiiwon, E. Dreyfus. W. HInz. S. Gold
stein. Theodore Gier, M. Stein, Max Schulze,
x "^2 lfc - R - ci PelIe. Charles Thlerbach. W.
Ohn, Theodore Steiner, John Mues, Charles
Bier. Charles Simon, Al Furth. L. Levingaton,
H. JUsvlngston, H. Miller, H. Meyer, L.. Rapp
E. Fleischer, R. Kalmuck, L. Kalmuck, h!
Lester, A. Krug, Theodore Reinike, "W.
Bchmitz, Colonel Schwesinger, Leo Metzger,
.Charles Ehret, A. McLaughlln, L. Lang M.
Solompn, M. Wallcnpteln, W. Knapp, J. Bull
winkel, Albert Hofllch, A. Berge, August Han
sen, Captain F. Attinger, E. Schraubstadter
M: Bauer, Oscar Hocks, Joseph Schmidt Au
gust Lohbaum, Gus Llebold L. Westerfeld H
H. Young, Henry Kunst. Albert Kayser. Dr.
Gutach, M. H. Lang, Henry Wreden, F.-Veeu,
Captain Spiegel, R. Barth, Dr. M. Solomon.
Dr. G. Baum, John Hermann. W. Goetze, E.
Goetze. L. Schoenfeld, A. Winterberg, Henry
Elchhoff, Emlle Lange, Max Waizmann,
PAVILION SITE
WANTED BY CITY
PORTER STEALS
FROM HIS FIRM
Members of the Institute
May Sell but Will
Not Give.
Charles O. Cole Arrested
on Charges of Grand
Larceny.
T
Accused of Robbing the In
dianapolis Furniture
Company.
Change of Constitution Re-
garding Residence of
Trustees.
Charles C. Cole, a porter in the employ
ment of the Indianapolis Furniture Com
pany, 750 Mission street, was arrested in
the store yesterday afternoon by Detec
tive Ryan and booked at the City Prison
on three charges of grand larceny, iiv'-
About five weeks ago the fact was pub
lished in The Call that about $2500 worth
of carpets, portieres, lace curtains and
blankets had been stolen from the store of
the furniture company and a search war
rent had been procured to recover tha
goods. It was suspected at that time
that Cole was the thief and since then De
tective Ryaiv has been working on the
case and claims that he has absolute
proof of Cole's guilt.
Cole the detective says, had been em
ployed for two years. AUout a year ago
rolls of carpets were missing and in tlma
more rolls went astray, besides quanti
ties of other goods. It was discovered by
Ryan that Cole, whp had a key to the
store, was, in the habit of going there
early in the. morning before any one else
arrived and taking the stolen goods to
the rear entrance on Jessie street, where
they were carted away by a confederate,
who has not yet been arrested. Ryan al
leges that Robert Hegerty. who was one
of the proprietors of the Pabst cafe, and
is now in Nome, was the "fence."
Hegerty offered R. J. Graf, son-in-law
of Jake Rauer, ten rolls of carpet valued
at $500 for $250.. The rolls were sent to
Graf's house, but when Kauer saw* them
he told Graf to have nothing to do with
them and they were returned to Heg
erty, who subsequently sold them to T.
D. McCarty, furniture dealer. 764 Mission
Btreet, and there is a civil suit now pend
ing for their recovery /rom McCarty.
Ryan says he has located some of the
other rolls of carpet and expects to be
able to recover them and the other goods.i
Hegerty would have been arrested if he
had not gone to Nome. The Indianapolis
Company says it will lay the whole mat
ter before the Grand Jury. Cole Is a
married man and lives at 320 Turk strtet.
SEVEN FELONY CHABGES
MADE AGAINST COLLECTOR
The members of the Mechanics* Insti
tute held a quarterly meeting last night,
at which an important article of the con
stitution was amended and Mayor Phelan
submitted two propositions relative to the
Carnegie library- gift. One proposition
was received with a smile and dismissed
without a thought. The members will
think about the other..
The Mayor's first proposition was that
the Pavilion site be turned over to tha
city aa a gift. There might b© conditions
attached to the gift er the trust as it was
referred to and the dictation of these con
ditions was to be the compensation of tha
Mechanics' Institute for its $700,000 block
of land. .The Mayor was told to "try,
again."
His Honor explained that the Pavilion
site was worth probably $700,000 and that
the city could not afford to pay that much.
Both the Supervisors, he said, and tha
City Library Trustees had made up their
minds that the present site of the Me
chanics' Pavilion was the proper place
for the Carnegie library and they wanted
it They would pay a reasonable figure
if they could not get it as a gift. He pro
posed $600,000 aa about the proper amount
With this sum, he said, the institute
trustees could put up a new building on
their Post-street site. This is the offer
the members will consider. A decision wlil
be given at an early date, as, under the
charter, all purchases of land by the city
exceeding $50,000 have to receive- the sanc
tion of popular vote. An early decision,
will be necessary if the people's sanction
is to be asked at the next election. (.
The constitution was so amended that
trusteeship is no longer limited to mem
bers residing in the city. No member,
however, of less than one year's standing
will be eligible. .
The election of George D. Clark as trus
tee in place of W. A. Beatty. resigned,
was confirmed. :
The California Association of Stationary
Engineers No. 3 has affiliated with tho In
stitute and a proposition for similar as-,
sociation -with the Technical Society 13
under consideration.
With the view of finding out Jttst how
the 3500 members stood on the questions
involving steps to be taken in the future,
a list of questions was sent to each mem
ber. There were received 1621 answers, as
follows:
To sell Mechanics' Pavilion, 1275; to give
It to the city. 223: in favor of selling Fol
som-street lot. '1515; " against selling, BO;
in favor of selling portion of Pavilion. IS;
for new building on Post street, 1173; new
building to replace Pavilion. 23; new
building elsewhere. 292; no new building,
32; improve present building. 8; referred
to trustees. 9: various ideas. 8.
BUILDING TEADE3 COUNCIL
GIVES SUCCESSFUL BALE
Long Term, of Imprisonment Staring:
George W. Bobinson in
the Face.
George "W. Robinson, the young man
¦who was arrested Thursday for embez
zling $97 75 which he had collected for
Charles A. Worth, boss drayman, 31S Mar
ket street, had a charge of burglary and
five charges "of grand ' larceny booked
against him by Detective Harper yester
day morning. The burglary charge is for
breaking into the office of Attorney Reu
ben . H. Lloyd, in the Nevada block, on
August 17 after office hours and stealing
a typewriting machine and some other
articles. t •'
The grand larceny charges are for steal
ing bicycles, which he sold. August 12 he
stole a bicycle from the Academy of Sci
ences building belonging to J. C. Dean.
August 16 he stole a bicycle from 1104
Market street belonging to Mrs. W. A.
Fink. August 26 he stole a bicycle from
the Murphy building belonging to James
J. Robertson, and the following day from
the same building a wheel belonging to
P. J. Racine. The last wheel was stolen
from The. Call building on August 31, and
It belonged to John Verdernal.
Dr. 'Wood-worth a Counterfeiter.
Dr. Orrin L.' "Woodworth, accused of
stealing $29,000 from Mrs. Kempley at
Long Beach on the 5th inst. and who was
arrested in Redwood City the next day
by Sheriff Mansfield, will be tried also for
having in his possession hubs and dies
for the manufacture of counterfeit dol
lars. The contraband articles were found
in his trunk by the Sheriff, and United
States Secret Service Agent Hazen was
notified of that fact yesterday. The pris
oner was formally turned over to Mr.
Hazen yesterday and will be taken to Los
Angeles on the larceny charge, after the
disposal of which he- will be prosecuted
in the Federal courts for having the coun
terfeit dies in his possession.
. A mass-meeting will be held to-night
at B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, at 8
o'clock for the purpose of organizing a
Hebrew relief society. Admission will be
free and there v/ill be no collection taken
up. A Hebrew performance is advertised
as an attraction.
Will Give a Hebrew Performance.
"Wednesday evening next D. M. Delmaa
will lecture before the Men's Club of the
Cathedral Mission, formerly the Good Sa
maritan, at Second and Folsom street?,
on "Combinations of Labor and Capital."
All worklngmen are invited. The lecture
will be the first of the course the club Is
preparing for its friends.
Delmas on Trades Unions.
Many Prizes "Won at I*abor Day Cele-
bration Are Distributed Be
~ tween Dances.
As a fittins climax to It3 celebrayon of
Labor day the Building Trade3 Council
last night gave a ball at Odd Fellows'
Hall, at which the prizes won at the
games and gate were distributed. There
was a large attendance of the members
of the unions composing the council and
their lady friends, and the hours were
passed merrily in the enjoyment of a lone
programme of dances.
The committees who had charge of the
successful affair were as follows:
Arrangements— John P. Horjran (chairman),
Charles Keller. John Sparjro, C I>. Parson, C.
Weber. Eugene Clancy. George T>. Keely. T.
C Hunter. A. Hennings and W. J. X. Robin
son. ¦ .
Finance— O. A. Tveltmoe (chairman), Ocrse
Baron. J. Coefleld. Louis Chester, M. Norton.
T. P. O'Brien. B. E. Powers and Henry Thleler.
Reception— P. H. McCarthy (chairman). J. E.
McDougald. E. J. Brand'on. P. J. Johnston.
P. H. Farley. William Marble. M. J. Kelley,
T. J. Parkinson. George McLaughlln, H. V.
Bieg. "W. C. French, L. R. Boynton, James
Clsrk and Henry Neidlinger.
Floor — r. g. Alexander (manager), John Mad-
Igen (assistant manager), E. F. Bailey. J.
Swanson, W. H. Bemlss, E. Parsons, Georgra
Robinson. B. E. Powers, B. M. Philpot, Henry
Ostoff, John Twyford. J. M. McGrath, Walter
Reed. John Dhue. P. Lauray. George M. Miller.
E. J. Collins. L. Gramvell. J. Hammersley. J.
J. Joell, Dan Danlnlene. D. McDonald. "Walter
Hamilton. Harry Zltsch, Charles .Morrison, T.
O'Brien and J. Holland.
During the Intermission prizes to the
value of about $3000 were distributed un
der the direction of the committee on
games.
Jockey McClathy Killed.
CARBOXDALE, 111.. Sept. 7.— Frank
ilcClathy. jockey, was killed yesterday
in the last race of the Jacksonville
County Fair at llurphysboro. He was
one of five who were riding in a bunch.
His mount fell and two other horses fell
upon the' boy and horse. McClathy was
buried beneath the two and sustained in
juries from which he died two hours later.
20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, BUlSUAr, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
heard yesterday morning as they
boarded the ferry-boat on . their way to
the narrow gauge depot on the other tide
of the bay. The jolly excursionists were
soon on their way to tne valley in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, through which
flows Boulder Creek, where they will have
three days' enjoyment, to consist of vccal
music, games, races, prize shooting, danc
ing and banquets, to be supplemented
with the cremation of care and sorrow.
This will consist of a procession led by
twelve members of the society attired in
long robes and hoods, six In white and
six In black, carrying, a male and a female
figure representing "Uncle Care" and
©N to Ben Iiomond," expressed In
German song by the members of
the Harmonle Singing ! Society
atfd their many friends, was
William McGrath. .48 Gullford St., Buffalo.
N. Y., says: "I am a well man to-day, where
a year ago I was a' total wreck. Several doc-
tors had: failed to cure me of. syphilis. I was
rid of my sores ami ray skin became smooth
and natural in two weeks, and after complet-
A celebrated Fort "WajTKS Physician has dis-
covered the most wonderful cure for Syphilis or
Blood Poison ever known. 'It. quickly cures all
such Indications - as mucous patches in the
mouth, sore throat.' copper-colored spots, chan-
cres, ulcerations on the body. • and in hundreds
of ¦ cases where the hair and eyebrows had
fallen out and the- wh*le : skin was a mass of
boils, pimples and ulcers . this wonderful spe-
cific; has completely changed the whole body
into ' a ' clean, perfect condition of physical
health. - . . r
Every railroad running- Into Ft. "Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and mar-
velous cure, and to enable those who cannot
travel to realize. what a truly marvelous work
the doctor Is accomplishing they will send free
to every sufferer a free trial package of the
remedy, so that every one can cure themselves
In the privacy of their own home. This la tho
only known treatment that cures this most ter-
rible of all diseases. Address the State Medical
Institute. 2696 Elektron Building, Ft. Wayn*.
Ind. Do not hesitate to write at once and th«
free trial package will be sent sealed In plala
package. - - .,
lnff the treatment there was not a'sore or pim-
ple on my body, and to-day I am absolutely
well. ' I give you permission to nse my nasi«
and I will answer all Inquiries from safferln*
men."
Ml. JmL ML xlX
Thz Illustrations flbove Plainly Sbow what this Grand Discovery will do.
The Remady Is Sent Absolutely Free to Every Man or
Woman Sending Name and Address.
I STRAIGHT FRONTSb i
1 GRAND OPENING OF OUR FALL SHAPES FOR 1901 I
H Never have we shown such a variety at such small prices as I
I »s shall this season.' Our Straight Front Shapes are accurately j
9 graded and perfectly finished to produce the result sought for in
|j the new models in low, medium and high bust effects. *
1 ALL CORSETS FITTED AND ALTERED FREE OF CHARGE
| NEWPORT. . | ALICIA.
M cut straight front corset sold < ®"M05s^h e latest shape out. ex-
H al the price: medium waist K^SM tremely low bust, medium
H low bust; white, black and atSBPlSSfS '°nST hips, full gored, bias
M drab. cut - boned with rUFt proof
W Sizes IS to 28. W-*i£3' madej of black satesn, gray
I Price 50c per pair. WT T- r 1^"" 1 -
1 nFRIITA\T <W J^s. per f>3lr '
M One cf our extremely low JtS&Zsg&gSE&t nl* t £ /-%•
B $2 "and 1 f h u?l e S' idSlliffiraSS*! Stra^ ht front - ith ™*«-
8 6ateen - El2es u t- .. E«l*Mfc8EiiKfc3p^ gored - blas cut i b °ned with
I Price 51.00 per pair.^^jggg^^gf Prica $2.00 per pair.
E rraxy • Etyles cf straight ' SWB&wSStPlSQ Thi ? lB one of our latps t
R fronts at thle price, medium WBwKSSSSr** creations in straight frontB.
j3 and low buet, medium and J rlHI 111^ mad* of black Italian and
3 long: hips, boned with ruel e£E!s3XmHVU" white coutil. ribbon trimmed
rj procf. black, white and drab 1E3B?- jg^TwJBI top axul bottom, boned with
i . Dr'.ra ci An • ' f ro] ff K mf)l!raflPHr r" 81 proof, low bust..
I Price $1.00 per pair. e=r—«™ep Pf . ce S25Q per p -.-
If. ; W veto a specialty of Conet Conr$. Han you seen our lin%? We
a buy and sell more than any house in tht city. We also make a specialty of
I Silk Waists. Ask to see our $5.00 Waist, button in back' or front; large 1
H assortment of colors.
I Crescent Corset Co^
I 742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to ; i ... ':'||57 BROADWAY, I
1 SAH FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL. |
ADVEE/nSEWCEdS'TS.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
From many pulpits to-day ministers of
all denominations will dwell with sorrow
during the .course of their sermons upon
the calamity that has befallen the nation.
The pastors will call upon their congre
gations to prav that the chief executive
may be spared, that he may continue the
¦work of his official " position. Many will
call^ attention to anarchy and appeal to
the people to wipe out this terrible can
cer. The serrr.ons will be fervid and
should appeal to the reason of citizens.
, The Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller, who is a per
sonal friend of the President, will tell hl3
congregation of his good deeds and Chris
tianlike ; fortitude. This evening will be
the last on which Dr. HutslnpiUer will
address the congregation of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church. He leaves
for Ohio soon to take charge of another
congregation.
The Right. Rev. Ethelbert Talbot, L>. D.,
LL.D., Bishop of Central Pennsylvania,
will preach \ at the morning service In
Grace Episcopal Church.
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of
the First Unitarian Church, will preach
this morning on "The Two Great Difficul
ties In the Way of Moral Movement—In
difference and Sectarianism.".
The Rev. T. Brown, pastor of Zlon
Methodist Episcopal Church, will preach
this morning on "Job and His Three
Friends,"' and in the evening on "The
Triumphant March of Truth."
The Rev. W. E. Dugan, pastor of the
Stewart Memorial United Presbyterian
Church, will preach this morning on
"Life's Unfinished Letters and Their
Eternal Postscript," and in the evening
on "The Claims of the Church Upon So
ciety."
The Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church will preach this mqrning on
"What God Is to the Server." and in the
evening on "Whatsoever a Man."
The Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westmin
ster Presbj'terian Church will preach this
morning on "What's the Use of Pray
ing?" and in the evening on "Whom Shall
We Follow?" ¦ - .
The Rev. John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Secret of Success," and
in the evening on "The Preliminary of
Charity."
The Rev; William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church • will preach this
morning on "The Manifestation of God,"
and in the evening on "The Shooting of
President McKInley."
The, Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Paradise of the Pacific."
"Substance" will be the topic of discus
sion at the First Church of Christ, Sci
entist, this morning.
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this morning on
"Faith a Source of Power," and in the
evening on "When to Say No."
The Rev. Dr. Wilson of the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "The Lord's
Prayer," and m the evening Bishop Mc-
Cabe will occupy the pulpit. j
The Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Church will preach this evening
on "From Simon to Cephas." " ..
The Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Why Join the Church?",
and in the evening on, "The Power, of Per
sonal Influence." . --.-'.'*..."
' The Rev. A. C Bane, of the California
street Methodist Episcopal Church - will
preach this morning on "The Only Name,"
and in the evening on ''What Makes a
Successful Year."
The Rev. Sebastian Dabovlch will lec
ture in the Russian Cathedral this morn
ing. His subject will be, "Historical
Sketch of the Eastern Apostolic Church
and Her Relation to Other Churches."
The Rev. William Guthrie will preach
at the First Presbyterian. Church this
morning. In the- evening the Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie will preach.
The address by the Rev. John Ker, D.
D., at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation. Mason and Ellis streets, to-day
at 3 o'clock will be of special Interest to
all young men. Excellent music has been
arranged and young men in general are
invited.
the height, of tide Is the same at both places.
Wlllway Treadwell, the Hebrew scholar,
will show why all the Christian divines
have cut the holy name of God out of his
word and have displaced it with names of
their own. He will also tell the real hid
den meaning of God's chosen name —
Y'howah. All Jews are respectfully In
vited to the Bush-street Chapel, between
Hyde and Larkin streets.
Prayers to Be Offered Up for
the Recovery of the
Nation's Ruler. %
Pastors Will Discuss the
. Shooting of the
President.
GREAT TRAGEDY
WILL BE NOTED
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc .Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
¦ chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
September 7, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I; e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at ' 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich . time. -
' - C G CALKI 1 **^
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge
Sun, .Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance . to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column Elves the last tide of tho
day, except when there are hut three tides, an
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
ulgn precedes tho height, and then the number
plven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference 13 the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦
Large Cargo on the Panama Steamer.
'The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday 'for
Panama and way ports with. a. general cargo
valued at $78,837, exclusive of what was
shipped in transit, . manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $7960; Central America,
$68,597; - Panama. ' S22S0. The principal exports
were aa follows: - . . > ; ¦ ', .-,
To Mexico— 112 sals • wine, 40 era potatoes, ; 10
crs onions, 25 ' pkgs paints and ; oils, 140 bdls
laths, 700 ft lumber, 100 flska quicksilver. 5
pkgs groceries and -provisions, 420 kegs nails,
.->¦ • • ¦-.-.-• «* .
News From the Codfishers.
The barkentine City of Papeete arrived
from Bering Sea yesterday with a catch
of 151.000 codfish. This is 20,000 fish be
hind the catch made by the Freemont,
but nevertheless it is a splendid starter
for the Papeete. This was her first voy
age as a fishing boat. The brig Harriet
G also arrived with a catch of 81,000 floh.
The Harriet G reports speaking the
schooner Stanley on August 10 with 108,000
fish. The captain says he saw nothing of
the schponer Arago since July 10. •. -The
captain' of one of the fleet that arrived
two weeks ago reported that he thought
he saw the Arago on the beach, but, the
owners ¦ do -not put any credence In the
story.- •- . ¦¦¦;„¦ .-.-. ; >. : .
Shipment of Grain.
The German ship Wandsbek was cleared yes
terday for Lelth with 22,930 ctls wheat, valued
at $22,360; 68,008 ctls barley, valued at |.~,2,210,
and 1 25,000 ft. lumber as dunnage, valued at
$375." - . ¦ ¦.¦¦;¦¦
Shipping Merchants.
JCatters of Interest to Mariners and
The A. O. Ropes will load wheat here for
Europe, S2s 6d. chartered prior to arrival; the
C. P. Crocker, lumber on Puget Sound for
Valparaiso for orders. 55s, if Callao direct, 42s
6d, prior to arrival; the City of Hankow, lum
ber on Burrard Inlet for Port Pirie, 67a 6d,
prior to arrival; the Mary Winkelman, lum
ber ». at Eureka for Adelaide, 65s; the Mary-
Dodge, lumber at ; Eureka '¦ for Honolulu ; ¦ the
Transit, lumber at Eureka for Melbourne, 61s
3d. . ,:¦>:"•."":'¦ ¦ . • ¦ . ¦ . • ¦
Salmon Fleet Makes Port.
The brig Geneva and the ship Luclle ha>l
a neck and neck race from Ugashlk. The
former with 4000 cases of salmon aboard
made the run in twenty-one days, while
the Lucile with 8450 cases aboard made it
in twelve hours less time. The ship Mc-
Laurin with 17,500 cases from the same
port made It in nineteen and a half days,
while the ship Columbia came from Nush
agak In sixteen days with 24,903 cases.
The schooner Zampa with 13,429 cases
came from Klawack in thirteen days and
the Bchooner Solana with 8211 barrels from
Bristol Bay In seventeen days. The
schooner Premier brought 525 barrels
from Nugashak, while the bark Agate
made a splendid run of sixteen days from
Ugashik with 7560 cases and thirty bar
rels. The cannery tender Equator arrived
from Kodiak in ballast.
The captain of the Equator reports that
the schooner Maid of Orleans would Ket
away from Kodiak about August 30 and
the bark Ferris S. Thompson about Sep
tember 15. The ship Star of Russia was
to leave Karluk about September 1 an<l
the bark Harvester about September 17,
all loaded with salmon, r . .
SANTA ANA. Sept. 7.— Fred Lutz, who
was stabbed here early yesterday by
A. P. Sproui. died late this afternoon
without regaining consciousness.
Illegal Timber-Cutters, Smugglers
and Embezzlers Appear Before
the Bar of Justice.
In the United States District Court yes
terday L. B. . Cook, indicted for cutting
timber on Government land In Shelter
Cove, Humboldt County, and for remov
ing the same therefrom, pleaded guilty
to the first count in the indictment and
not guilty* to thek second count. The sec
ond count was thereupon dismissed. In
the s same court Charles L. Clayton,
charged with embezzlement, submitted a
demurrer.
The indictment against A. Burna,
charged with attempting to smuggle a
quantity of silks off the transport Meade,
was quashed on motion of Bert Schles
fnger for the reason that the Christian
name of the accused was not mentioned
in the indictment and that there did not
appear to be any reason stated in the in
dictment why the name had not been
given. Burna's case will be resubmitted
to the Federal Grand Jury.
FEDERAL CBIMINALS
BEFORE JUDGE DE HAVEN
Profits in Gas.
Take advantage of gas while It's down.
We offer inducements with special prices
on two-burner nickel-plated gas stoves,
with remova.ble and cleanable burners, for
jl 85; three-burner size. $2 90. Complete
line of all gas heating and cooking appli
ances. C. Brown & Son, 807 Market
street, near Fourth. ; ; " . ' . •
Francesco Ciampa Sprung a Leak and
Empereur Menelik Nearly Went
Ashore.
The Italian ship Francesco Ciampa nr
rived from Newcastle, England, yesterday
after a run of 186 days, via Gibraltar 143
days, with a cargo of firebrick and pig
Iron. She sailed from England on March
18 and when 300 miles northwest of Gib
raltar a terrific gale was encountered. The
vessel labored heavily and several plate*
on the starboard bow were started. Cap
tain Cacace put Into Gibraltar and re
paired damages, sailing again for San
Francisco April 18. The remainder of
the voyage was uneventful.
Water Front Notes.
The Empereur Menelik left Newcastle,
Australia, on June 29, ror this port with
2727 tons of coal. AH went well until last
Friday at 7 p. m., when Captain Turlie
found himself about two miles from Point
Reyes. There was a dense fog and no
wind. The bark was rapidly drifting
ashore, so the anchor was let go. Soon
afterward a steamer which Captain Turbe
thinks was the Grace Dollar came along
and offered assistance. It was gladly ac
cepted and the Empereur was towed clear
of Point Reyes and given a good ofllng.
The Grace Dollar then proceeded north
and the bark getting a slant of wind
made port yesterday morning.
The bark Roderick Dhu arrived from
Hilo yesterday after a goodfrun of seven
teen days twelve hours. Captain Johnson
says the people on the island are expect
ing- another outbreak of the volcano, j
The barkentine Gardiner Ci.ty had a nar
row escape Friday night. She came in
with a load of lumber, and while coming
to an anchorage off Meiggs wharf the tide
swept her down toward the breakwater
at fishermen's wharf. Luckily she took
a sheer and went Into the basin, where
the anchor held.
Captain Rivers of the ship A. G. Ropes
had a hard time of it coming here. He
left New York with a Japanese crew and
without any mates. About that time the
law went into effect which made it neces
sary for all mates to hold licenses. The
men on the Ropes had no certificates" and
Captain Rivers had to sail without them.
From New York to Yokohama and thence
to San Francisco he. navigated his vessel
alone and was completely worn out when
this port was reached.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Outlaws Capture Two American Wo-
men, One Being Miss Ellen H.
Stone, a Noted Missionary.
washixgtox, Sept. 7.— The State De
partment has received information from
the United States legation at Constanti
nople confirming the press report of the
capture of an American 1 missionary by
brigands. The dispatch from Minister
Leishmann reports that brigands cap
tured Miss Stone, an. American mission
ary, who was traveling ¦with a. lady com
panion In the villayet cf Salonica_ The
department adds that the matter ha6 re
ceived the Immediate and earnest atten
tion of Minister Leishmann.
BOSTON*. Sept. 6.— The American Board
of Foreign Missions . has received a. cable
message from Rev. J. H. House, one of
the missionaries at Salonica, in Macedo
nia. Baying:
"Brigands took Miss Stone and compan
ion between Baneko and Djoumania."
These places are situated about 100 miles
northeast of Salonica, in a country long
familiar to the missionaries of the Ameri
can board.
Miss Ellen H. Stone is one of the tried
missionaries of the American board, hav
ing been In this mission since 1878. It has
been a part of her duty to tour among
the people with a Bible woman as attend
ant- Missionaries now In Boston fr<>m
Bulgaria are confident that no Ill-treat
ment will be given these ladles, but think
It is simply a case in which ransom is
sought for by robbers.
TWO VESSELS IN DANGER.
IN THE HANDS OF
TXTBKISH BBIGAUT3S
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 7.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Equator, Walker, 8 days 20 hours from
Kodiak. - -- -.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgrett. from Ventura.
¦Stmr ' Santa Cruz, H Inkle, 2S hours from
Cayucos. ' • <
Stmr Weetport, : Ericsson, 13 hours from Bear
Harbor. •¦::,¦¦• • * • "
• Ship -Columbia. P Mattson, i 16V4 days . from
Nu8barak. ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ .: ¦¦',.::' i* .
: Ship McLaurin, Courtney,; M 1^ days from
Uraahik. • \ ;..; -; ; ....
: Ital. ship Francesco- Ciampa. Cacace, 210 days
from Hull. -l.via: Newcastle, . England, 186 days,
via Gibraltar. •:-:... ¦-¦..-¦* *
.-. Bareer? e«ntjr*2r*»«tt>«K sMcOovenys 34 hours
from Ventura.-.A-vjJ ¦.;», }¦ '.*
Bark ABate,.*" Bergman, 16 days from Ugas
hit: --... >,* ¦>-: ; .--:¦•
¦ Bark j Ttoderlck Dhu, -Johnson, 18 days from
Hilo. . . • . • ¦ : .
Fr bark Empereur Menelik, Turbe, 70 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
,'Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, 10 days from
Berlns Sea. " - *
Brig Harriet G, Stangreland, 15 days from
Bering Sea.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Zaznsa, Petterson, 13 days from Kla
wark.
Schr Solano, Rcslch, 17 days from Bristol
Bay.
Schr Premier, Olsen, 21 days from Nusha
gak.
CLEARED.
SAILED.
Saturday. September 7. -
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama; P M SS Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. S
Ger ship Wandsbek, Todscn, Leith; Balfour.
Guthrle . & Co.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Saturday. September 7.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Tamplca, Jensen, Seattle.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen. Seattle.
Stmr Coronado. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, Oyster Harbor.
Br 8tmr Lennox, Williamson, Manila, via
Moji:
Schr Mary E Foster. Thompson. Honolulu.
Schr Louisa D, Moore. Murshalls Islands.
SPOKEN
Per schr Zampa— Aug 31. lat 49 19 N, Ion
134 10 \V— Br stmr Indrasura, from Portland,
for China.
MEMORANDUM.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Ital ship Francesco Ciampa — Sailed from
Hull Feb 8, ' from Newcastle, England, March
5. On March 19, 3C0 miles W of Gibraltar, had
a heavy WNW gale, starting the plates on the
starboard bow above the water line. Put back
to Gibraltar for repairs on March 23, which
were made, and sailed on April 17. July 29,
lat 7 14 N. Ion 117 30 W, spoke Br shio P W
O M. Aug 8, lat 21 05 N, Ion 122 W, Danl3h
bark W Q J H. ¦
Per Fr bark Emcereur Menelik — SeDt 6, . 7
p m, was anchored within two miles of Point
Reyes In a fog and calm; Hailed a passing
stmr, supposed to be Grace Dollar, and got her
to tow. the bark off shore and clear of .the
point. : Steamer proceeded north: ¦'
Per bark Aerate — Auk 27, in Unimak Pass.
saw a 4-masted schr ashore. (Probably i Jam? s
Sennett, I previously reported.) Aug 10, schr
Stanley had 108.000 : codfish. On July 10 saw
schr Araco, but not since.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Sent 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaguay. -
Sailed Sept .7 — Stmr Dolphin, for. Skaguay;
stmr Santa Ana,' for Nom*»j3tmr Farallon, for
Skacvay. . .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Irene,
for Honolulu. . ¦ -
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Eva. for Hllo.
Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Eureka, hence Sept 6.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Sept 7-Fr bark St Don
natien, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Sept 6— U S stmr Philadelphia, for
; and a losr raft. • • . '
PORT TO WNSEND— Passed in Sept 7— Stmr
City of Seattle, from Skaguay, for Seattle.
CHIGNIK BAY— To sail ¦: Aug 30-Schr Maid
of Orleans, for San- Francisco. Sept 15— Ship
Eclipse and bark Ferris S Thompson, for San
Francisco.
KARLUK— To Bail Sept 1— Ship Star. of Rus
sia. Best 17— Bark Harvester, for" San Fran
cisco. .¦'•'• - . ' ¦ ¦ .
FOREIGN PORTS.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Sept 3— Nor Btmr Thyra,
from Oregon. ' .
BARRY— Sailed -Sept 6— Fr bark General de
Boistleft're, for San Francisco. ¦¦"¦
AUCKLAND— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Sierra, for
San Francisco. ¦' • /. , . . •..-.,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived , Sept 6— Fr bark
Commandant Marchand, hence May 7.
ISLE OF. WIGHT— Passed Sept 5— Br Bhip
Ben Lee, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
LADTSMITH— Arrived -Sept 6— Br bark Kin
ross, from Honolulu. •
MELBOURNE— Arrived SeDt : 6— Bktn " Omega,
from WllUm Harbor.- . . <
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept 5— Blttn
Jane ; L Stanford. % for Honolulu. . , . :
..' OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Frlesland,
from New York. v . , ..-,. -
Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Zceland, for New York. I
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York; stmr Northwest
ern, from Chicago, via Antwerp."
' LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Etruria,
from New. York. '•'.., ¦ ¦ -•
Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Cevic. , for New York;
stmr Lucania. for New York. ¦ - - ¦ ¦
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 7 — Stmr
Grosser Kurf urst, from New York, for Bremen."
GREENOCK— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Pretorian.
for -' Montreal. " * ' . .. ->
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Frlederlch
der Grosse, for New • York," via Southampton.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York. -• - - ¦• . . .
¦CHERBOURG— Sailed L Sept 7— Stmr St Paul,
from "Southampton, for -New York. V'' •
i ST • JOHNS. N F— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Car-
SAYS HE WAS ABUSED
BY THE VENEZUELANS
American Announces That He "Will
Department.
Make Complaint to the State
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Hippolyte Lam
bert, a naturalized American, who says
he for years has been traveling through
South America organizing socialJstlc
clubs. has returned on the Clyde line
steamship New York. Lambert told a
story of alleged cruel treatment by
Venezuelans and says his case will be
brought to the attention of the State De
partment at Washington.
According to his story, Lambert arrived
at Caracas on May 20 last and registered
at the United States Consulate. On July
li> he obtained employment in a private
family at Caracas as cook. On the day
following he was arrested by a squad of
police. He protested that he was guilty
of no wrong, but was locked up and his
effects were seized. Among them, he says,
were the notes he had made for year.s
concerning socialism and the condition of
workingmen in the different countries he
had visited.
He charges that his captors beat him
and that he was strung up. On another
occasion, he asserts, he was doubled uji
like a Jackknife by his guards, a wooden
stave v.as placed on his knees and his
arms were bound to the projecting ends.
He was kept in this position, with ten
rifles lying across his back, until he
became unconscious. He was afterward
taken sick with fever and on July 22 was
released and placed on board a steamer
for Santo Domingo, from which place he
arrived here to-day.
THE British bark Baroda, which
went ashore nine miles below Cb
quille on August 29. will probably
. be a total loss. She is hard and
¦ fast on the j beach and ? sits up
as straight as if she, were in a
drydock. Tugboats cannot get near
her. and' after- standing.' by her for
two days the. Defiance had to come
back to San Francisco without having
accomplished anything.- The underwriters
are now trying, to have her' taken off on
a percentage basis. . Tenders are asked for
cn the "no cure, no pay" plan. If the
wrecker succeeds he is money in pocket;
If he fails the loss is his.
The Baroda is now lying broadside "on
to the ' beach with her bow pointing
toward Coqullle. At low water sightseers
can walk right around her.. There is a
nine-foot tide and at high water she does
not float. When the Defiance first went
to the scene Captain Trewren anchored in
six fathoms of water, but at low, tide
there was a break all around the tug, so
he quickly took his vessel out into deepsr
water and stayed there. Captain Greijf,
Lloyd's representative, who went 'up on
her, was taken ashore in the life saving
boat and had to remain there, as he could
not get back to the tug on account of the
weather. : --. .-.'•;.¦ . ...;
"The Baroda seems to be resting as,
easily as if she were in the . drydock,'' '
said Captain Trewren yesterday., "Cap
tain Marr and his men are livlng^bn.the'
beach in a tent made out of vthe'sail^.
They, were taking the yards ' off -hetrwh«m
I left and will probably take everything
they can out of her. She has about: 400
tons of ballast aboard and that"wlll'have<
to be taken out before any attempt' can
be made to. move her. Tugs cannot got
near the stranded vessel and the work of
salving her will have to be done from .the
land." ¦
The Baroda was on her way from Cnl
lao for Portland when she went ashore.
On August 25 she was spoken by the
steamer St. Paul in a dense fog, and Cap
tain Hays gave the master of the bark
his bearings. Four days later the Baroda
went bow on upon the beach. The chances
are that no one will try to take her off on
the terms offered by the underwriters,
and then she will be sold at auction to
the highest bidder.
38 cs hardware, 10 pkgs beer, 135 lbs dried
fruit,' 87 pkgs fresh fruit. 7cs drugs...
To Central. America— 3175 • bbls flour, 7 cs
arms and ammunition, 10 pkgs beer, 1 colls
cordage. 11,300 gals coal oil. 3S.C00 lbs cement,'
48 cs car wheels, 63 tons coal, 13 cs canned
goods, 25 cs drugs. 110 bales domestics, 87 bales
'drills and sheetings, S06 pkgs dry good?, D50
lbs dried fruit, 7 cs electrical supplies, 53 pkga
fruit, US pkgs groceries and provisions, 67 cs
hardware, 172 lbs hops, 5 cs leather, 14.418 ft
lumber, 600 lbs lard,- 2400 lbs millstufts, 100 pkgs
machinery, 71 crs onions, 130 crs potatoes, 9
pkgs paste. 171 pkgs paints and oils, 4480 lbs
powder, 78,135 lbs rice, 23.259 lbs rosin, 4003
lbs salt, 1120 lbs soda, 13 cs soap, 30.276 lbs
sheet lead, 6820 lbs sulphur, 35 cs stationery
and, ink, 36 pkgs ship chandlery, 61,118 lbs tal
' low, ' 46-1 ) pkgs tank material, 1(35 lbs tea, 156
cs CO gals whisky, 4 cs 4223 gals wine.
To Panama — 1000 cs soap. 95 bbls flour, 30 cs
salmon. 6SS lbs bread, 20C0 lbs dried peas, 1649
lbs beans, 200 crs garlic, SO crs potatoes, 60
crs onions.'. :;" ' :-
Everything in the National Guard is
more quiet than It has been for many
months, there not being anything to oc
cupy the attention of the officers and men
but the rifle practice.
The members of the Seventh Regiment
of Infantry belkve in target practice as
one cf the best means of improving the
quality of the soldier, but they also be
lieve that as members of the National
Guard they ought to have their conve
nience consulted as to the time when they
shall be called upon to shoot at figure tar
gets. In the past they have been permit
ted to have shoots on Sundays because
that did not Interfere with their business
engagements, but recently Lieutenant
George C. Thaxter, rifle Inspector, gave
notice to the several companies of the
regiment that he would not inspect any
rifle shooting on Sunday, and now the
men are very much put out. They say
that to compel "the men to do on a. week
day that which can be as well done on
Sunday is imposing a hardship on them,
as it will interfere with their employment
and business, and that if shooting on Sun
day is to be discontinued many of the
men will drop out of the companies. There
are others who think it would be easier
to apply for another rifle inspector, and
that it might be more beneficial to the
guard to please several hundred men than
to submit to the whims of one man.
The officers of the Second Brigade will
meet at brigade headquarters on Wednes
day evening next to perfect arrangements
for the reception to be tendered to Gen
eral James F. Smith upon his return from
the Philippines.
When Captain James retired from the
command of the naval militia he was di
rected to turn over to Captain Nerney,
his successor, whatever funds he had be
longing to the organization. For some
reason best known to himself he did not
do as requested, but turned the same over
to Adjutant General Seamans, who has
notified Captain Nerney that he is ready
to account to him for /what he has re
ceived.
Orders have been issued for the cruise
of the naval mlhtia on the U. S. S. Phila
delphia. Owing to the limited accommo
dations for naval militia officers and war
rant officers on that vessel, during the
cruise the attendance of officers will be
limited. • The first, second and fifth divi
sions and that portion of the engineer
corps located at San Francisco whl em
bark on the Philadelphia at San Francis
co on the 15th inst. The fourth division
will board the • vessel at Santa Cruz on
the 26th, the sixth division at Santa Bar
bara on the 27th, the engineer division of
Los Angeles at San Pedro on the 28th and
the third division at San Diego on the
29th. The orders, after giving instruc
tions for the cruise, say that subsistence
will be furnished by the State, that no
leggings, arms or equipment are to be
taken, that no matches except safety
matches in boxes will be allowed and that
no spirituous or malt liquors ¦will be al
lowed on board.
Following is the routine for each day's
drill of the cruise:'
First working day: 9:30 to 10:30 a. m. — Quar
ters, muster at stations, settlns up exer
cises, great gun drill, with instructions about
training; elevating and sighting. 11 to 11:30
a. m.— Instructions in care and mechanism of
guns. 1:15 to 2:15 p. m.— Secondary battery
drill, with Instructions reeardirte care and
mechanism of same. 8 to 3:30 p. m. — Signals.
Second day: 9:30 to 10:30 a. m.— Quarters,
infantry drill and bayonet exercise. 11 a. m.—
Sighting drill. 1:15 to 2:15 p. m.— Single sticks
an.i pistols. 3 p. m. — Sighting; drill.
Third day: 9:30 to 10:30 a. m. — Fire quarters,
collif.ion drill, abandon ship. 11 a. m.—Sub
caliber practice. 1:15 to 2:15 p. m.— Artillery
3-lnch and Colt automatic: sub-caliber prac
tice continued till all hands have fired shots.
Fourth day: 9:30 a. m.— Ciear ship for ac
tion, reneral quarters, with target practice
great guns. 1:15 to 2:15 p. m. — Instructions at
battery, main and secondary. Email arm tar
get practice from ehip.
Fifth day: 9:30 to 10:20 a. m.— Great min
drill and instruction. 11 a. m.— Lead line,
compats. steerine, greneral duties. Afternoon —
Boats, small arm target practice from ship.
Sixth day: 9:30 a. m.— General instructions
In duties. 1:15 p. m.— General instructions and
Inspection of internal arrangements of ship.
Cantain W. W. Mead. U. S. Navy, com
manainf; Lieutenant. Commander W. S.
Hugb*s, U. 6. Navy, executive officer; Cap
tain Thomas A. Nerney, commanding Naval
Militia of California.
Lieutenant Harloe has been relieved as
executive officer of the Marfon to enable
him to return to his division for the
cruise. Lieutenant Kammerer has been
assigned to duly as executive officer.
BERLIN. Sept. 7.— The papers this week
have devoted a great deal of space' to the
Chinese mission, headed by Prince Chun.
It is characteristic of the secrecy pre
served by the Government regarding the
Easle hitch that r.o'oody knows just what
the controversy was about, and the most
divergent views still prevail. The most
influential papers, however, admit that
Germany managed the matter badly by
not having all the tjuestions regarding the
ceremonial detail arranged before the mis
sion left China.
While the gereral opinion is that Prince
Chun stopped at Basle voluntarily, it is
also said with great positiveness that or
ders were sent from Berlin for the mis
eion to wait on the border until all the de
tails of the expiatory act were settled".
Some of the papers assert and others
yeny that the Emperor demanded a modi
fled kowtow, and the former seems to be
the correct version.
The Hanover Courier admits that Ger
many yielded to the Chinese demands.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung finally admit3
that Germany suffered a humiliation.
Nevertheless all the papers agree that the
Potsdam ceremony was fully satisfactory
to Germany's honor.
The population of Berlin shows much
curiosity to tee Prince Chun. Great
crowds form In the streets where he is
expected to pass. It is said that Prince
Chun will remain in Germany for a fort
night and that he will be present at the
maneuvers next week.
The letter of Emperor Kwang Su to
Emperor William is described as a work
of art in the highest Chinese style, and
also as being of extraordinary beauty.
It is en a strip of the finest sll«c four
meters long, folded up in an envolope
richly ornamented with silk and gold em
broidery.
The quarrel between the agrarians and
the manufacturers continues., and If be
gins to be seen that it endanpers the pros
pects of the tariff bill. The Kreuz Zeitung
renews its argument for a trade agree
ment ¦with the f nited States as a means
of avoiding- a tariff war with Germany's
European neighbors.
The Sultan of Turkey has ordered that
the service regulations of the German
army be translated for the use of the
Turkish army.
Routine Drill fcr the Cruise
of the Naval
Militia.
German Editors Are Scoring
the Emperor for
Mistakes.
Mission Considered^
Foolish.
Treatment of Chinese
Rifle Inspector Will Not
§ Attend Sabbath Tar
get Practice.
SUNDAY SHOOTS
ARE IN DISFAVOR
BAD BLUNDER
OF THE KAISER
m*mrnmm%£m«**m&< ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦"•¦¦¦¦- ¦ ¦' -. • - ¦¦.........-. . ... ,-...-•.
THE SAN 1TRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8j 1901.
Chances of Floating Her Are Not Good— -Underwriters Want
Wreckers to Try to Get Her Off on "No-Cure-No-Pay 'VFlan,
but the Wreckers Do Not Seem to Take Kindly to the Offer
BRITISH BARK BARODA LIES
HIGH AND DRY AT LOW WATER
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
thagenian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for
Halifax and Philadelphia.
i NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg-, via Boulogne; stmr Philadel
phia, from. Southampton, via Cherbourg; Btmr
Celtic, from Liverpool; stmr Umbrla, from
¦Liverpool. .
: Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Amsterdam, for Rotter
dam, via -^Boulogne; Btmr Minneapolis, for
London; stmr Hohenzollern, for Genoa and
Naples; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr
Graf Waldersee, for Hamburg, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg; stmr City of Rome, for Glas
gow; stmr Taurlc, for Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 7 — Stmr Minnehaha, for New
York.
THE STRANDED BRITISH BARK BARODA. AS SHE APPEARS ON THE BEACH NEAR COQUILLE RIVER. THE
DRAWING IS FROM A SKETCH MADE BY CAPTAIN JOSEPH TREWREN OF THE TUG DEFIANCE, WHO
WENT NORTH TO TRY TO TOW THE VESSEL INTO DEEP WATER. "
21
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBElt 8.
Sun rises 5:4.".
Sun sets 6:31
Moon rises 1:26 a. m.
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LW HW
S .'.. 1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7 1:43 2.7 7:54 S.5
9 .. 2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 2:46 2.3 8:16 5.5
10 ... 3:26 0.0 10:19 5.2 ¦ 3:36 2.0 9:51 5.5
11 .. 4:05 0.2 10:55 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5.4
12... 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 5.2
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1
H W L. W H AV L AV r ,
14 ... 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:28| 1.0
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
"Wellington Oyster Harbor Sept. 8
Progreso Tacoma Sept. 8
South Portland Coos Bay Sept. S
Mandaluy Coqullle .River Sept. 9
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. !»
Arcata... Coos Bay Sept. 9
Matteawan — Tacoma Sept. 10
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Sept. 13
Ccrona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Asuncion Seattle Sept 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacom.i Sept. 11
Banta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
l'tmora Humboldt Sept. 12
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Point Arena..: Point Arena Sept. 13
Doric China and Japan Sept, 13
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept 14
Walla Walla.. Pujfet Sound Ports Sept. 14
Eureka '. Humboldt Sept. 14
North Fork Humboldt ... : Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
North Fork...
Santa Rosa...
Umatilla.....
Pomona..
Point Arena.
Leelanaw.... •
St. Paul
Kureka
Arcata
Curacao
Australia
September 8.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Puget Sound . Ports j
September O. !
Humboldt
Point Arena
September 10.
N. Y. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ....
Tahiti direct
September III.
Redondo & "Way...
Hamburg & Way..
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Portland & Astoria
Pufjet Sound Portal
September 14.
Humboldt
September 15.
San Diego & Way
9 am|
9 urn
11 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
9 am:
2 pm
10 am
10 am
i
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 10
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Corona
f-crapis.... ...
China...
Ventura
9 am
12 m
'1 pm
10 am
Pier 11
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 7
G. W. Elder.
City Fuebla..
11 am
11 am
Pier 24
Pier 9
Tomona
11:30 p
Pier 9
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle Skagnay & Way Ports. Sept 8
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & TVay Ports Sept 9
Portland...;...' Nome & St. Mlchatl.; Sept 10
Bertha... Valdez & Wav Torts... Sept. 10
Dlrlgo V.... Sltaguay <fc Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct. Sept 12
Cottagre City... Skaguay ft'Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 1,3
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 13
Al-Kl... Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept 16
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
"Wellington Oyster Harbor Sept. 8
Progreso Tacoma Sept. 8
South Portland Coos Bay Sept. S
Mandaluy Coqullle .River Sept. 9
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. !»
Arcata... Coos Bay Sept. 9
Matteawan — Tacoma Sept. 10
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Sept. 13
Ccrona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Asuncion Seattle Sept 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacom.i Sept. 11
Banta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
l'tmora Humboldt Sept. 12
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Point Arena..: Point Arena Sept. 13
Doric China and Japan Sept, 13
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept 14
Walla Walla.. Pujfet Sound Ports Sept. 14
Eureka '. Humboldt Sept. 14
North Fork Humboldt ... : Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
North Fork...
Santa Rosa...
Umatilla.....
Pomona..
Point Arena.
Leelanaw.... •
St. Paul
Kureka
Arcata
Curacao
Australia
September 8.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Puget Sound . Ports j
September O. !
Humboldt
Point Arena
September 10.
N. Y. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ....
Tahiti direct
September III.
Redondo & "Way...
Hamburg & Way..
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Portland & Astoria
Pufjet Sound Portal
September 14.
Humboldt
September 15.
San Diego & Way
9 am|
9 urn
11 am
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
9 am:
2 pm
10 am
10 am
i
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 10
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Corona
f-crapis.... ...
China...
Ventura
9 am
12 m
'1 pm
10 am
Pier 11
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 7
G. W. Elder.
City Fuebla..
11 am
11 am
Pier 24
Pier 9
Tomona
11:30 p
Pier 9
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle Skagnay & Way Ports. Sept 8
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & TVay Ports Sept 9
Portland...;...' Nome & St. Mlchatl.; Sept 10
Bertha... Valdez & Wav Torts... Sept. 10
Dlrlgo V.... Sltaguay <fc Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct. Sept 12
Cottagre City... Skaguay ft'Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 1,3
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 13
Al-Kl... Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept 16
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBElt 8.
Sun rises 5:4.".
Sun sets 6:31
Moon rises 1:26 a. m.
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LW HW
S .'.. 1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7 1:43 2.7 7:54 S.5
9 .. 2:40—0.1 9:36 5.0 2:46 2.3 8:16 5.5
10 ... 3:26 0.0 10:19 5.2 ¦ 3:36 2.0 9:51 5.5
11 .. 4:05 0.2 10:55 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5.4
12... 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 5.2
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1
H W L. W H AV L AV r ,
14 ... 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:28| 1.0
REV. PAUL WELLER.
In answer to a personal letter from an
intimate friend, asking If It were true that
he (Rev. Weller) had become a firm be-
liever in Personal Magnetism and Hypno-
tism, Rev. Weller wrote:
"The facts are: The subject of Person-
al Magnetism or Hypnotism, to which I
have devoted many years of study, was
recently more forcibly than ever called
to my attention through reading a scien-
tific work on the subject, now being circu-
lated by the New York Institute of Sci-
ence of Rochester. N. Y.
"I am a minister of the Gospel, but I
do not hesitate to say that the reading:
of that book and the subsequent study
of Its contents have worked an all-power-
ful, important and good influence over me.
My recommendation of Personal Magnet-
ism, a subject which every man and
woman may study with profit, 13 made
after thorough investigation and with
complete knowledge of its great value. I
make this statement deliberately. Tha
study of Personal Magnetism, as set forth
in the admirable books I have mentioned
above, should be next to the study of the
Holy Bible.
"Personal Magnetism embodies all th«
laws governing- man's influence over man.
It. is the power that makes men mold the
minds of men. It turns llfe'3 failures into
successes. It develops the latent powers
of the will and makes one capable of tha
accomplishment of great deeds. I have
received .many letters on the subject and
to all writers I have answered: 'Writa
to the New York Institute of Science.
Rochester. N. T., asking for their sclen-
tiflp work on Personal Magnetism and
Hypnotism. It will be sent to you free of
charge. If its perusal does as much for
you as it did for me. you will thank me,
the longest day you live for having called
your attention to the book.' Yours truly.
"(Rev.) PAUL WELLER." *
It will only be necessary for you to send;
your request to the New York Institute
of Science. Dept. 11TW. Rochester. N. Y..
and you -will receive the volume Rev. Paul
Weller recommends by return mail. ITV
IS FREE. A postal card will bring it.
Man's Influence
Over Man.
ReprkaMe forfls on Personal
¦ Japetism From an
' Mint Divine.
No subject has excited so much Interest
or awakened so much discussion amongf
thinking people of late aa that of Per-
sonal Magnetism. It is worthy of nbta
that clergymen, doctors, college presidents
and men of science everywhere are giving
it deep thought. Many of them have open-
ly certified to Its wonderful powers. Tha
outspoken words of the Rev. Paul Weller
of Gorham, N. Y.. in this connection will
call forth no little additional comment.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
FLAMMARION,
OF»EreyV MIND RACE
€^_^ P - »
Made under the supervision of the cele-
brated astronomer.
Quick Repairing. - ?»otory oa pramiMC. '•
Phone^Iain 1O.
._—..¦ rHOlu " Scientific
642 Market 5t. instrument*
! ': uHDia chrohicu eunoiMfr. Catalogue Fril
.Eczema, Tettejx.', Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Acne and a great many other
diseases of like character arc classed as skin diseases, when they could just as
properly be called blood diseases, for they undoubtedly originate in the blood, like
Cancer, Catarrh, Scrofula, Rheumatism, Contagious Blood Poison, etc. ; the only,
real difference being in the intensity and nature of the poison. The more serious
diseases, Cancer, Catarrh, etc., are caused by some specific poison or virus, which
is either inherited or in other/ways gets into the blood and attacks certain vital
organs or, appears in the form of terrible sores and ulcers, while the milder and
less dangerous skin diseases are caused by blood humors or an over acid condition
of that fluid. These acid poisons, as they ooze out through the pores of the skin,
cause great irritation, with intense itching and burning. The eruption may be of .
a pustular kind, with excessive discharge of thick, gummy fluid, or the skin may
be hot, dry and feverish, swollen and fissured, j Skin diseases, whether they appear
"- V ¦ ; as sores, blotches or pimples,'
'I can cheerfully and most sincerely endorso become more deeply rooted
yo-or specific as c, euro toy Eczema, the most and intractable the longer
irritating: and annoying disease, I think, that neF i ec t e d the skin in timo
flech is heir to. I was troubled » with it fcr £?f £^V J£t S £^ JSi
twenty-five yoara, and tried many remedies having a thick, hard, rough
with no pood effeot. After, usine your medicino and unsightly appearance*.-
a -short "ti:no I think I , an ; entirely relieved. You can hide the blemishes'
You can pive this statement any publicity you for a time with ! cosmetics ;
may desire, as it is. voluntarily made, more for. and washes, lotions, soat»
thOBO afflicted than notoriety for myself. powders may relieve
. Vej T.^^Hghj BIi :-; temporarily the itching and
313 West Central. . , Wichita, Kana. burning, but eventually the
. . ,. > .¦¦"¦ v - pores of the skin become so
clogged up by this treatment that the poisonous matter thrown off by the blood
cannot pass out of the system, and settles on the lungs, heart or some other vital
organ and endangers life. " ' - • ".;;.;'>:;
To purify and ,build ; tip the polluted blood is the right treatment for skin
diseases, and for' this purpose no other medicine is so deservedly pojnilar as S. S. £.
It is a perfect antidote for all blood humors, and when taken into the circulation,
gently but thoroughly^ eliminates' all impurities and puts the blood in a healthy,
normal state. -'The skin can't remain in ; an irritated, diseased condition when
nourished with" rich, new blood: S. S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable
remedy; and the safest and best skin beautifier. ; Write our physicians if you have
any blood or skin • and they v 'will cheerfully advise you without charge.
THE SWIFT,SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATUANTAiQA;
KNOWLEDGE OF FOOD.
Proper Selection of Great Impor-
tance in Summer.
The feeding of Infanta is a very ser-
ious proposition, as all mothers know.
Food must be used that will easily digest,
or the undigested parts will be thrown
into the Intestines and cause sickness.
It is important to know that a food can
be obtained that Is always safe; that is
Grape-Nuts.
A mother writes: "My baby took the
first premium at a baby show on the 8th
inst., and Is in every way a prize baby.
I have fed him on Grape-Nuts since he
was five months old. I also use your Pos-
tum Food Coffee for myself." Mrs. L. F.
Fishback, Alvin, Tex.
Grape-Xuts food is not made solely for
a baby food by any means, but is manu-
factured for all human beings who have
trifling, or serious, difficulties in the
stomach and bowels.
One esi>ecial point of value is that the
food is predigested in the process of man-
ufacture, not by any drugs or chemicals
whatsoever, but simply by the action of
heat, moisture and time, which permits
the diastase to grow, and change the
etarch into grape-sugar. This presents
food to the system ready for immediate
assimilation.
Its eepecial value as a food, beyond the
I fact that it Is easily digested, is that It
.supplies the needed elements to quickly
rebuild the cells in the brain and . nerve
•enters throughout the body. . *>-. r
RUPTURE CURE,
The benefit of our large ex- Jgj**^
perience in fitting and curing /^*^»3^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method (Ct- irvrJlri
is secured in this office. We j^l^i'^WJ
pert fitting &ad^^^^^^^W
TRUSSES FRElH|l§!l
We can cure reducible wS^rptS' (S3
ruptures in 60 days by our gSHjAwjl E&
method without pain or loss |{S#tcA J^f
of time. Over 20.CCO cures Svislll^y
in 10 years. The fee may fiM^K^T
be deposited in a bank, pay- yS^rji»fl^'
able to your otto order, to be *3*«iii
handed us when cured; NOT f&gr fEfcl
BEFORE. Successful on k2[ q£3
men, women and children. |S |?a
Branch offices in all large f'^3 «cj
cities. Consultation free. Uf K3
Fidelity Rupture Cure. JR. %
Rooms 4, 5 ft 6, Ho. 26^ Keirny St., S. ?.'
Pleasant
nouns
Swiftly Flying- —?
Those spent on the z
California Limited
as it rushes and races
across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
¦ ; .9 a. m. every Monday
¦" - and Thursday on tha t
Santa Fe
ADVERTISEMENTS.Morgan Smith was the only witness
called, and he declared that the husband
•was always under the Influence of liquor
Dorothy told on the stand of the awful
mental misery she had endured^ on ac
count of the very Intemperate habits of
the man she had promised to honor and
obey. She declared that, as far as she
knew, McKeown had no property and that
there was no offspring of their union. She
stated that her private Income was $800 a
month, and that her profession yielded
her $700 every four weeks.
It took Dorothy Studebaker-McKeown
Just five minutes by the courtroom clock
to have the hateful bonds that bound her
to Scott McKeown legally broken. Mrs.
McKeown's prayer for divorce came up
before Justice Kerrigan yesterday at
noon.
Get a Divorce From Mc-
Eeown.
It Takes Her Just Five Minutes to
DO BOTHY frt'i'H htvba k t-'H.
IS NO IjONGEB A WIFE
' J. J. Lloyd of 216 Eddy street reported
at the Morgue yesterday the disappear
ance- of Mrs, Gertrude Humphrey of 113
Silver street. He said that she had besn
missing since Friday. She had $100 in cash
with her and a gold watch with her own
picture on the inside of the case. . Mr.
Lloyd declined to give any information
beyond a description- of the woman.
Mrs. Humphrey Reported Missing.
A receDtion was given last evening at
the home of Mrs. John Pettee on Leaven
v-.'orth street for the benefit of the Uni
versal Society. Music and dancing were
the features of the evening. The fortune
telling booth, presided over by Mrs. Ada
Bryant and Mrs. Allen, was well patron
ized. Mrs. Pettee received the guests, as
sisted by Mrs. Ramsdale, Mrs. Bryant and
Mrs. Sutton.
In Aid of Universal Society.
and consequently unable to attend to busi
ness. .
As McKeown did not appear to contest
his wife's plea the case went by default.
i' Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
r M ,»i.t.'u a fluk. lUcharda ft Co.. 106 Clay. ?
Poor;: baking..: waste of r fuel, ..delayed
pieals, ; ill-tempered' cooks, all are', caused
lay an Inferior or worn-out stove ; ; all *. will
beovercome by getting an improved Win
throp Range, fully , guaranteed, from : J12
upward. : r C. - Brown • & Son,' 807 Market
street. ,*ear Fourth. : . - ¦'¦-. : . " ¦ • • :
Trouble Caused - by a Kitchen Stove.
James J. Jeffries and GusRuhlin wtl!
appear in four-round- i boxing \ bouts on
Sunday afternoon, !' September ¦. 15,' at
Armory Hall, for the benefit of thestrik.
ing machinists. Ruhlin will box with 'Ed
Martin and - Jeff ries '• with hls-brother
Jack. . Tbe original notices : had the place
of entertainment at the Alhambra-Thea
ter, but since then the change to 'Armory
Hair has been made. " -•¦ • v - r .¦..¦
Benefit to Strikers.
Mr.J.W. Hull, long Identified with the
fur trade-in this city; Is now associated
with the well known furriers,. Berwln &
Gassner Co., ' HO.-.Kearny st., opp ¦ *he
White House. The reliability of this flrm
will assure the ladles of cordial attention
and good furs properly made. . ' - ¦¦
News for the Ladies.
The Celtic Union celebration .to be held
to-morrow at Glen Park' promises to be a
big success. The most interesting. feature
of the entertainment provided will be the
Irish dances. Among the dancers will be
Will Murphy, jerry Carroll, Dave Ready
Micnael Cahill; J. Lynch. Misses Lizzie
Egan, Josle Egan. Maggie Shea, Mary
Murray, Kate McCarthy. Minnie Demp
sey and Hannah Welsh. These' and a
number of others have been rehearsing
under the direction of Messrs.: O'Connor
and Kelleher, There will be a final re
hearsal at 3. o'clock this afternoon in
Knights of the Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mis
sion street. . . , . . .; ,
Promises to Se a Big
* Success, i^'v
Celtic Union Celebration at Glen Park
HOLD FINAL REHEARSAL
FOR IRISH DANCES
Their -millinery v department Is reached
from ;the, first 'floor by: a modern and effi
cient elevator service. *" - •••
v The fact that Kohlberg, Strauss & Froh
man have made a .big .success of this
method of selling. millinery proves the ac
curacy "of the theory so long held : but
never attempted , by the brightest milli
nery people in the country.- .
'Their ready made^ suit and silk waist
department has also:' been moved upstairs
adjoining the millinery, giving It more
room, better light and more fitting rooms.
Never. before have the Kohlberg,. Strauss
& Frohman stores made such strides , f or-,
ward as they, have made during the past
few months.-.: ;,.-r; •-;¦' .-' ../*„-.,.
Kohlberg, Strauss &Frohman have been
the flr«3t concern in San ¦ Francisco to
adopt it. They leased the entire building
In which their Post-street business was
situated and gave up the larger part of
the second floor to the selling of millinery.
No trimmed hats will be made to order
under any circumstances, consequently
nobody is obligated to purchase. If a hat
does not suit the , buyer ¦ alterations are
not made and no sale is effected. Conse
quently every one is bound to be pleased.
They have now on exhibition nearly 500
hats, priced between $5 and $15, which
seems, to be tho» popular, amount people
Irl San Francisco are willing to pay fbr
millinery. The, department being, a, new
one, the styles are -naturally up-to-date
and the 'assortment Is. so. large that "to a
casiual observer, it- Is ; almost- bewildering.
Customers giving their ideas of what they
want can. in most instances be shown a
hat exactly along the lines of their ideal.
They, can then try It on and If It does not
suit something; else can be. tried on.". /:•
• It is very difficult to tell just what a
hat will look like until it is made and
tried on. The only, remedy for this seem
ed to - be- to ¦ carry- a large and varied
enough stock of ready made hats to suit
every demand. This necessitated such a
laige amount of capital- and the change
in styles We» so uncertain that merchants
hesitated at purchasing a sufficient quan
tity of ready made hats to make, the plan
a success. . • ¦ ..-. ; ¦ . . ..
From time immemorial women have
found It necessary, to have their hats
made to order, by milliners in order to
get a style to suit them. This method of
purchasing hats has had many disadvan
tages, the most prominent of which is the
necessity under .which a purchaser Is
obligated to buy whether the hat, after
being made to order, satisfies or not.
Which Has Made a Big: Sv ccess. '
A New v Way of Selling Millinery
As . soon as the certainty exists that
these pests have been utterly extermin
ated dynamiting will cease altogether,
and the lake will be restocked with black
bass and trout. The bass are already in
the Berkeley reservoir awaiting trans
planting to their new abode, and the
United States hatchery at McCloud has
undertaken to , furnish all the trout re
quired. The water from the lake shows a
decided Improvement over its former
murky condition, and for its drinking
qualities will leave nothing to be desired
as soon as the lake is allowed to settle
down' Into Its normal .quietude.
F. W. King of Berkeley has successfully
accomplished his task of ridding Lake
Chabot of the carp that have Infested its
waters and clogged • its aqueducts. .The
means employed was the explosion of
large quantities of dynamite, and Mr.
Adams, the superintendent of the Contra
Costa Water Company, gave his personal
supervision to the operations. It Is esti
mated that no less than 50,000 carp have
been killed, at an expense of probably
about, $5000. .
Soon /as Water
Clears.
Lake Will Be Stocked With Trout as
DYNAMITE DESTROYS
CARP IN LAKE CHABOT
-The twelfth' annual'statement of ' the
Pacific States' Savings. Loan and Build-
Ing Company. has: just been issued. Frrfm
this It appears .that the company's assets
have' increased' $38.636 .70: during the last
year. V notwithstanding that the sum of
$335,575 was paid for matured shares ana
those 1 withdrawn. .The ¦ amount , loaned
during the year was $406,170, which Is $103,
500 in excess of tithe loans repaid. The
shares matured. in thayear amounted to
$103,472 and of this amount $39,896 was prof
it. -The real estate taken -under foreclos
ure, amounting in value to $9S, 411. will be
sold by the management as soon as " pos
sible. . .The rentals have increased $1000 on
real estate held.'
¦'Ferdinand E. Hesthar has- given a mort
gage to the' Hibernia , Savings 'and ' Loan
Society for $300,000 on properties in ; vari
ous parts of the city. V ¦
The Society of California Pioneers has
released to Jeremiah Lynch. In consider
ation of the -payment, of $}S0,CO0. the prop
erty on. the northwest line of / Market
street, 202 feet from Golden Gate avenue.
• A handsome residence* will be p!aceti:by
Squire Varick Rooney on the ¦: northeast
corner of Broadway and Pierce streets on
plans" by B. J. S. Cahill. .
Henry E.Bothin'snew building for '.he
southwest corner of Eighth and Tehama.
streets will cost $10,000. It wfll be three
stories high and will be built of brick; "
Tiny anil- Morris Freud have .sold to
Mrs. Byron Jackson • for $23,000 75 by V3)
fee ton the, north line of Hayes street, it)
feet west from Octavla street. . . •
A two-story frame building with brick
basement to contain flats will be erectort
by Mrs. Margaret Walsh on the west Hum
of Webster street, 72 feet north from Her
man street.
George 'F: Conway will erect < a two
story frame building on the east lino of
Eighth avenue, 201 feet south from Ckim
ent street. . " , . ¦
The Marin Western Real Estate" Invest
ment Company has leased to Elizabeth H.
Dunn the premises on the south line of
Pacilic street/55 feet east from Stockton,
for flve.years, for $30,000 :n total.'
• Herbert E.- Law has let the contract for
excavating, grading and cribbing his lot
on the south corner of Mission and Mont
gomery streets to Charles A. Warren.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.-The State De
partment has received a telegram from
Mr. Conger stating that the protocol witli
China provides that all duties on Import,
ad valorem, shall be converted as soon as
possible Into specific duties. The con
version. Is tobe made in the following
matter: Average value'' of merchandise at
time of landing during the three years,
1897, 1898 and 1899— that Is to say, the mar
ket price, less the amount of import duties
and incidental expenses— shall be taken as
a basis for the valuation of merchandise.
Pending the result of the work of con
version the duties shall be levied aJ
valorem. No plan for the work of con
version is provided by the protocol, aor
has one as yet been agreed upon on the
part of the powers. :
two-story frame dwellings, $104,040; sixty-eight
one-story frame dwellings, $77,815; six two
story flats, $23,750; one three-story frame hotel,
$7000; one planing mill, $20C0; eight one-story
frame stores, $10,000; one blacksmith shop and
one greenhouse, $300; twenty-three sheds and
stables, $4713; sixty-seven alterations and ad
ditions, $43,354; fifteen removals, $1420.
Change in Chinese Import Duties.
The master of the bark Homer, arrived
from northern waters, reported yesterday
at the Custom-house a cargo of 22.672 seal
skins, consigned to the North American
Commercial Company. The royalty to be
paid to the Government cm the cargo is
$45,344. - '
Big Royalty on Sealskins.
The case of Mrs. Alice A. Bennett, 711%
Bush street, charged with felony embez
zlement by -P. Bagnasco, a retired pho
tographer and now an inmate' of the
King's Daughters' Home, was dis'missed
by Judge Cabahlss yesterday. Mrs. Ben
nett was accused of embezzling $380 which
Bagnasco alleged he gave her to deposit
in his name in the Hibernia Bank. For
the defense it was shown that Bagnasco
was owing Mrs. Bennett more- than the
ainount for nursing him.
Mrs. Bennett Acquitted.
CAPITOLA, Sept. 7.— Capltola has been
captured by the "best people on earth."
Sufficient it Is to say tHat members of the
Benevolent Protective Order of Elks
from Central California lodges have taken
possession; to add that there will be
"great doings" while they continue to run
the town would be a waste of words.
.The occasion' of this gathering of an
tlered knights— Elks gray and gaunt, and
Elks just sprouting horns — Is the annual
reunion, for .which the local herd has. been
preparing for weeks. Not In many moons
has there, been so much life, about this
seaside resort. Bay. .lew avenue, leading
from the station to ¦ the . hotel, was to
night outlined by r-yriads of lanterns. At
the statlqn and at Hotel Capitola purple
and white bunting had been used very
effectively in the 'decorations.
: The special train bearing Elks from
Oakland, San Francisco, San Jose and
Stockton arrived at 6:30 o'clock. A recep
tion committee from Santa Cruz, consit
ing of H. E. Irish, M. C. Hopkins, D. C.
Clark. J. J. C. Leonard, F.. "W. Swanton
and- C. E. Lindsay, met them at the sta
tion. With the Second Regiment band
from Oakland playing "There'll Be a Hot
Time," the procession marched to Hotel
Capitola, where after a short open-air
concert dinner was served. The dining
room and parlors were elaborately deco
rated, elks', heads being conspicuous. The
lamp globes were shaded with purple.
After-dinner speeches were indulged in.
and then came the ball, given in honor of
the lodgemen by R. M. Biare. The dance
hall presented a brilliant spectacle. The
music was furnished by Callaghan's or
chestra. Dr. J.- A. Colegrove was floor di
rector and Dan J. Hallahan assistant.
To-morrow is to be^a "big day," and the
banquet will be a Joyous- affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Elks Take Possession of
. the Hamlet at the
„ Seaside.
ANTLERED BANDS
STORM CAPITOLA
Three three-story brick buildings, $50,000; four
one-story ' brick buildings, $13,215; thirty-seven
THE LADIES WERE PLEASED.
During the last month 235 building: per
mits and removal permits were issued In
Los. Angeles,, the total .value represented
being $337,607. The permits are classified
as follows* . .
Los Angeles Buildings.
Lot and cottage on the west line of Nevada
avenue, 50x70. near Cortland avenue, for $1000;
five unimproved lots In the Alvln tract. Elm
hurst, for $50 each: two lots in the same tract,
with cottaee, for $750... , • . . ¦ ' -¦ ¦
Residence and lot 65x117:6 feet on the west
line of Dolores street, north from Twenty-third,
$7500; house and lot 62x114 feet, northeast' cor
ner of Eighteenth and Church streets, $6000;
northeast corner of Pine and Baker streets,
six houses and lot 57:6x82:6 feet, terms private;
southeast corner i of Howard ¦ and • Eighteenth
streets, 130x122:6 feet, $16,500; lot on the south
line of Hayes street. "165 feet west from Web
ster. 21:10x137:6 feet, $2750; lot on. the south line
of Waller street, 90 feet west from Buchanan,
27:6x112:6 feet, $2250; lot on the north line of
Hermann street, 106 feet east from FlHmore.
25x120: feet, r$2000:* lot on the west line ot Pond
street. 96 feet north from Seventeenth, . 25xS0
feet. $1000; lot on the west line ot Vermont
street, 66 feet north from Twenty-third, 83x100
feet. $S00; lot on the south line of Green street,
112:6 feet west from Hyde, 25x137:6 feet. $1500:'
lot on the south line of Clay street. 125 feet
west from Spruce, 25x127 :8U feet. $1550. . ,j
: Properties at Auction. : 1 M
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will sell at .their
auction room, next week the . , following
properties: - ' .-. :
Modern residence and lot, 25x100 feet, on the
south side of Fulton.- street. No. 1571. 96:10%
east of Lyon street; 'improved lot, 45x65 feet,
on the north side of Twenty-third street, 77:6
west of Folsorn; house and lot, 25x101:6, on the
north line of Twenty-second street, 55 feet west
of Noe street; a three-story house and lot,
23x60 feet, on the east side of Powell street.
No. 1018, 83 feet south of Washington ; .lot,
60x60, with a twelve-room house, on the north
side of Nineteenth street, 122:6 east of Mission,,
renting for $660 per annum; a number of choice
building lots on the north side of Chestnut ¦
and on the south side of Francisco streets,
124:3 west of Van Ness avenue; property on the
west line of Forty-fourth avenue, 200 feet south
of J street, near the Ocean boulevard and the
Park; lot, 23x100,; with cottage. On the east line
of Hampshire street. 219 feet south of Twen
tieth; lot. 37:6x96:10'/4, on the southwest corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Baker street, and
a lot and cottaee on the west side of Octavla
street, 75 feet south of Union.
The Jacob Heyman Company has sold
the following properties:
!Lot on the north line of i Sixteenth J etreet,
EO feet west from Church, 50x95, for Alexander
Weill to Peplow Forwood for $4100; lot and
improvements on south line of Twenty-first
street. 203:4 feet west from Church, for Mur
phy, Grant & Co. to Mrs. W. H. Bagge for
$1850; No. 1060 Seventh street, Oakland, through
Laymance & Co., for Mrs. Wright for $2300,
the lot being 52x100; the southwest corner of
Main and Sixth streets, Los Angeles. ; 66 .'5x143:6
feet, for . the heirs of Mrs. Julia A. Crocker,
through W. M. Garland & Co., for $25,000, to
W. M. Schweppe;-lot in Palmer's subdivision
in San Bernardino County for Mrs. E. ¦ b.
Crocker, through Bassett & Smith, for. $2300.
F. B. Surrhyne reports the following- re
cent sales: , '. ¦ • .
'¦' Shalnwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold for
H. E. Law residence and lot on the east
line of Van Ness avenue, between Vallejo
and Green streets, to M. A. Newell for
114,200. The lot is 39:7 by 68 feet. The same
brokers report the sale ; of. the following:
Some Recent Salees.
The records of transactions for the month
just expired are wonderfully large considering
the check that has been given to all line? of
business, .' including: that of real estate. De
ducting from the total consideration that of
$1,050,000 for. the eastern half of the Blythe
block (which was a sale so far out of the a&r
mal as not to.be considered in judging of gen
eral conditions) there yet remain transfers dur
ing. August amounting to the sum of $1,358,894.
While this Is considerably less than for many
of "the previous months of this year, .which
for the first six months was an abnormal one,
still It Is one that would give gratification in
ordinary times— and these are extraordinary
ones. No doubt ¦ much, of the business that
has . gone of record took place before the con
troversy between capital and labor . reached its
¦intense - state and that from- henceforth ; until
a settlement is reached the market will be very
dull. ' Still the- showing is gratifying as prov
ing .the latent . vitality of real estate, and
gives promise that with the resumption of nor
mal condltiona-.there will be a strong demand
for property. ¦ ¦¦ \'
i The sales s of .' realty In San Francisco
during the month of August were dis
tributed as follows:- "*
, Western Addition .. 55, Mission '26, Homer's
Addition 4, fifty varas 18, 100 varaa 13, Potrero
10.-: , ¦¦ - : ; . - .',.•¦¦ '
The Rear Estate Record takes a hopeful
view, of the future, also, having the fol
lowing editorially:. !
Magee's Real Estate Circular, review
ing existinz conditions that have an ef
fect upon the realty market, says the real
estate business, so far as downtown prop
erty is concerned, has nearly ceased," ow
ing;, to the depressing influence of the
strike; but that there is no reason for this
ejecept that large buyers believe real es
tate is not' going, to advance during the
strike and may decline if it lasts and so
have decided not to —buy at present.
"Small buyers are as conspicuous in the
market as ever and small transactions
generally have not decreased very much
in volume. No owner has receded a dol
lar from his asking price because of the
strike and - none is likely to," continues
tho circular. 1 .": ' • . . . - • ¦
Brokers Think the Situation
Prophesies Well for
\Future v -
Transactions Few While
Prices Continue Sat
isfactory.
BUYERS ACCEPT
REALTY OFFERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
22
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
1236 Market street.
.'Actual business bookkeeping; only expert *c
countants and reporters as teachers- Oren
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. • Day and evening. , FULi. COURSE, iso.
LEASING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE .WEST
- 24 Post st., San Francisco. Cal.
Establl?hed Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
Ill-shaped noses, " double chin, saggy- cheeks,
drooping mouth,- puffy, baggy, eyelids corrected.
Freckles, warts, moles, hair, scars.. large, pores,
red nose and all mark* and blemishes removed.
. Call - or address N. > Y ; Institute of i Dermatol*
ogy, 916 Market St.. Columbian bids, (opposite
Emporium); San Francisco. • ' '.'-- J
' • Take elevator to 5th floor. "-'..:••¦• •
343 ladles of this" city and State
have nad tnelr wrinkles removed
y^^Xaf Rt the New York Institute of
YVtV_ ~^^ Dermatology since Us location
*-*xVY^ ;?\ in S2n Francisco • five months
V ago. The method of treatment
Is absolutely lasting In results, no matter how
deep the wrinkles arc or of how long standing,
it beins the same treatment by . which Mrs.
Langtry (the Jersey- Lily) recently had her
wrinkles removed, , as' reported In recent fssues
or this and all the other leading American and
European papers, showing her latest photo-
graph with her youthful \>eauty restored. To
slww just. what this treatment. wl?Kdo one side
of a badly wrinkled lady's face has been made
smooth and youthful in appearance* leaving the
other side as it was. 'The difference in the two
sides is almost beyond belief,' astonishing the
er6wds of ladies who call dally to see her. Con-
sultation fres — Etrictest confldsnee . observed.
Lady : in reception at parlors to show demon-"
strator. -- ' •
I MOSS'
! KID GLOVE
I BARGAINS.
I This Week.
® Off/-
A REDUCED FROM $1 and $t 23.
X MISSES' FINEST QUALITY KID and
** . SUEDE GLOVES In small si£es.
® r*Q&k A"3\ /"*
31 REDUCED FROM $1. . . '. ',
© LADIES' TWO-CLASP REAL KID'
® GLOVES in Red, Brown and Black. '
©' Sizes 6\t,, 6%. 7. 7Vi, 7H, 7% and 8.
© FORMERLY SOLD AT $t and $1 13.
A LADIES' TWO-CLASP EXTRA QUAL- I
©ITY REAL KID GLOVES In Black. ,
~. White, Tan. Brown. Mode, Gray and '
© Red. Exceptional value."
I 6'5c
® REPITCED FROM \l. !
W LADIFS 1 FRENCH WASH CHAMOIS
© GLOVES with patent fasteners and '
A latest stitchlncs. The best glove mado I
q for shopping and country wear. ,
1 MOSS GLOVE STORE:
I 1210 Mark-t St.,
© Between Taylor, and Jonea- Streets.
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
and County Hospital.
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For UQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
Twenty Years' Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building,
105 Elils st., near PowelL Hours, 10 to 13
a. m.. 2 to 4 p. ro.
RPTTQT-ri?Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJXlU OXlJLiO ers bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brrwer* bookbinder^, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, fiourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hansers. . printers, painters, • shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramento St
fc tgATENTS!' if
The Greatest of. AH
"Ihick ¦Silk Sales
We inaugurate it on Tuesday, September 10 — Months ago we made preparations'
to make this the most remarkable Black Silk event San Francisco has ever witnessed.
We placed orders for 30,000 yards of silk direct with the, manufacturers, andwe
are now able to offer New, High Grade Imported and Domestic Black Silks at
prices such as have never been quoted before.
Similar silks were selling at full price in our stock on Saturday; and will
continue to be sold in all first-class stores at regular prices, for no store can be with-
out them and have a complete stock. . *
This is illustrated by the fact that a large part of the purchase consists of ,
Plain Black Taffetas and Plain Black Peau de Soie,
Silks that never lose their value, are always staple and wanted by every lady.
Following are the styles and prices, upon investigation of which we are positive
you will agree that no similar opportunity has ever been offered in this city. . s .
Black Taffeta Black Satin Duchesse
19 in.w«'*i worth S .65 sale price $ .45 yd 19 in.wide worth $ .75 sale price $ .50 yd
21 in.wide worth .85 sale price .65 yd .23 in.wide worth 1.25 sale price .95 yd
19 in.wide worth .95 sale price .70 yd 22 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.00 yd
22 in.wide worth .95 sale price .70 yd 22 in.wide worth 1.75 sale price 1.25 yd
19 in.wide worth $1.00 sale price .75 yd 27,in.wide worth 2.00 sale price 1.25 yd
27 in.wide worth $1.25 sale price .85 yd 22 in.wide worth 2.00 sale price 1.40 yd
Black Taffeta Black Gros Grain
(Superior Qualities) in#w j de worth sa j e pr j ce g I>lQ yd
23 in.wide worth $1.50 sale price $1.00 yd 25 in.wide worth 2.00 sale price 1.35 yd
27 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.00 yd
36 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.15 yd Black Satin De Lyon .
56 in. wide worth 2.00 sale price 1.35yd 2O in.wide worth $1.25 sale price* .85 yd
Black Peau de Soie 21 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.00 yd,
., .. . , . „ . 22 m. wide worth 1.7c sale price 1.25yd
19 in.wide worth $1.00 sale price $ .75 yd 7> r ,
19 in.wide worth 1.25 sale price .90yd Black Surah "
21 in.wide worth 1.35 sale price 1.00 yd . .
24 in.wide worth i. 5 osaleprice 1.00yd 24 in.wide worth $1.25 sale ; price $1.00 yd .
22 in.wide worth 1.45 sale price 1.10yd . .
21 in.wide worth 2.00 sale price 1.30 yd rJlack oatin .Lumineaux :
24 in^vide worth 2.00 sale price 1.35 yd 21 in.wide worth $1.25 sale pirice 61.00 yd
• Black Faille Francaise Black Armure
20 in.wide worth $1.25 sale price $ .85 yd 19 in.wide worth 1.00 sale price $ .75 yd
20 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.00 yd 20 in.wide worth 1.25 sale price .80 yd
21 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price 1.00 yd' 21 in.wide worth 1.50 sale price i.eo yd
Fancy Black Silks ,"
Patterns small and large— dotted, striped, fern and floral— demure designs and
neat. All latest productions. .;-..-.: ¦"-'"' '"' : '¦'¦¦. ¦¦¦¦¦¦. ¦
Black Pekin Stripe Taffeta >' Black Brocaded Satin
22 in wide worth $1.50 sale price $i.ooyd 22 in wide worth $2.00 sale price $1.50 yd
-Di 1 r> j j atv rr " ' r 22 in wide worth 2:50 sale price 2.00 yd
Black Lorded lafleta /. ; 22 in wide worth 3.00 sale price 2:50 yd
19 in wide worth $1.25 sale price $ .75 yd : : ,.
;^: : 4 C ,'• Black Moire- Faconne
Black Lace Stripe Taffeta T : 22 i nw ide worth $2.00 sale price $1:50 yd
20 in wide worth $1.50 sale price $1.00 yd 22 in wide worth 2.50 sale price 2.00 yd
Black Crepe de Chine Black Striped Grenadine
24 in wide worth $1.35 sale price $1.00 yd 45 in wide worth $1.35 sale price $1.00 yd
===== Kearny and Suffer Streets \\
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
THIS WEEK
WE WILL HAVE ON SALE -
COMPLETE LiNES OF THE FOLLOWING
INEIA/ GOODS.
GLOVE DEPT.
We have just opsned a lame shipment of
i&e celebrated Reunier Gloves, in loth Glace
and Suede. Theu are in the latest Parisian
colors, also White, Black and Opera shades.
TRIMMING DEPT.
New Trimmings in Black, White and Colored
• Silk Appliaue, full assortment Persian Trim-
mings, and Black Silk and Renaissance
Trimmings in great YarletUi
ij ACE DEPT.
'/ Fallopening of New Laces, ih Edgings, In-
sertings, Galons and Alloyfirsj New Ap-
pligue, Mousseline de Sole and Taffeta
Frontingsj* Face Veilings and Chiffon Trim-
HOSIERY DEPT.
A large stock of New Black, and Colored
Ladies' Lisle Hose, Ladies 1 Lhce Hose, hoth
plain Black and Embroidered, and great
varietu of Children's Hose in Cotton and
Cashmere? ;Men's and Women's Underwear
in all gualities.
SPECIAL SALE.
; "30 pieces Genuine Camers-Hair Homespuns,
all wool and 52 inches wide, formerlu sold
hu us at $1.00 and $1.25 per yard cftp
—special price for these two cases JUu Yard
9 .^m ' '
III. 113. IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
¦ - • . ¦ • I* . --. . ; - - . . -•.'''¦ . •
and Brain.
' MR. GEORGE MATERLE, German Expert
Optician, 1071% Market St., S. P.-Sir: The
glasses - you fitted for my eyes are excellent,
and give perfect satisfaction. I have been using
glasses for the last twelve years, and I must
say that yours are superior 'to all others. Re-
spectfully, ¦ ¦ /¦ > J. W. SHIELDS,
- . Serseant of Police.
MAYERLE'S Glasses Strengthen the Eye
ffieWPolice Offite
CUT THIS OUT.
See City Directory for German Eye Spe-
cialists and Graduate Opticians. \
German Eyewater £Oc.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age, also whether glasses are wanted for
reading 1 or distance, or both, and what price.
— Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open evenings until 9. Telephone South 572.
German Expert Optician,
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Also GRADUATE of the AMERICAN COL-
LEGE OF OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians.)
/ 107 1| Market Street
(Opposite Htbernla Bank, San Francisco, Cal.)
GEORGE MAYERLE,
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
§^^ a j^^{^ l^ - W%C/l or 'til tie,
METAL BEDS
$4.00 up.
Just received, a beautiful line of
Metal Beds in green, cream or white,
all with heavy brass trimmings; the
very newest and latest designs. Metal
Cribs, too. Everything to furnish
your house at equally low figures.
We pay no rent. You make that
profit. It's worth having, too.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
, . " (Incorporated),
1017*1023 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, San Francisco.
We close at 6 p. m- every day but Saturday.
j§ Is the all-important thing in producing . B
gj good shoes. Whatever the material, it »
p must be placed in the most skilled hands Bj
h in order that the finished product H
u may have the shape that means styl- i
D ish, beauty, comfort and durability. 1
i In our $3.50 DEPARTMENT we -i^'^Bto. *h
g have a line of footwear that com- Jp| J*Kp| 1
j| prises every new form and mate- g||| ' I]
|f rial that fashion decrees for Wt j|||l||||5it |j
p shoes. Our exclusive shapes can- t H
| not be duplicated, nor . can the * I 1
H materials* and workmanship be \ V^^^^^^^k If
S equaled in any other $3.50 shoes. 1111111*11111
1| We can fit any foot and satisfy t4gf8wrlllla flf
I any taste at prices low enough /^^^^^^^|
. A^VE^TISTjMENTg^ , _
AP TreBTISEBCBlJTS.;denlal be made that he had sent a mea
*sage to his son, Dan R. Hanna, ! stating
that President McKinley's condition was
alarming. "
BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— Senator Hanna
was seen by a newspaperman a few min
utes after he left the bedroom of the
President. The Senator requested that a
HANNA MAKES
STRONG DENIAL
"To unionize all capital and to bring all
labor into a tingle trust Is to destroy
democracy by destroying individuality in
labor and commerce. The endeavor to do
this on either or both sides does great
wrong to the millions of Americans who
belong to neither band and are trying to
live their own lives and earn their own
bread as freemen in. a free man's own
fashion. DAVID STaRR JORDAN."
"The republic can recognize but one
method of political reform— the ballot.
Those who would divide our people into
warring bands, yielding unquestioned con
trol to feudal Jeaders, are not friends of
democracy.
"Tne immediate act of yssterday is
an outcome cf the strife between
classes, imported from the Old World,
fomented by unpractical or conscience
less agitators, and abetted by that
section of the press -which values
a sensation above truth or peace or
justice. We cannot suppress ths
agitator or the journal, for force only
increases the danger. But we have a
moral duty to stand against all move
ments of whatever kind -which seek
to accomplish their ends through in
timidation or murder.
"It was once the boast of a Duke of
Wurttemberg 'hat though his country was
poor and humble it possessed^ one Jewel.
He could' safely lay his head in the lap'of
any of his subjects. \ Such a glory should
belong to free America. However high
political discussion might arise. It should
carryno danger to life or property. Our
servant, the President, should safely lay
his' head in the lap of the people he
serves. Our Presiden; should need no
bodyguard. The deaths of Lincoln and
Garfield were exceptions, which only
proved, the rule.
"The feeling of the American people to
day Is a compound of horror, indignation,
sympathy and shame. The man, if there
be one, who does not share in all this is
not an American, and the word 'traitor'
is one which just fits him.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
7.— President David Starr Jor
dan gave out the " following
statement to-night touching on
the attack upon President Mc-
Kinley and the causes responsi
ble for such an assault upon an
American President:
Continued From Page Thirteen'.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S CONDITION IS NEARING THE CRISIS.
PRESIDENTS OF TWO GREAT INSTITUTIONS OF LEARNING WHO DECLARE THEIR. BELIEF THAT UN
SCRUPULOUS JOURNALISM IS RESPONSIBLE FOR CONDITIONS RESULTING IN THE ATTEMPT UPON
- THE LIFE OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED' STATES. .. . *
MOBILE, . Ala., Sept. 7.— Fritz .Hutt
mann, the Wichita, Kans., reporter,- who
says he r was told last* March ; by Antonio
Maggio, a , cornet player of the Andrews
Opera Company/, that President" McKinley
would be .assassinated : before '; October 1,
was with the Andrews .: Opera : Company
here" as ; a . tenor singer! until a few weeks
ago, 'when : the ' company 'and; a'
portion of 1 the', members j left for \ Kansas
;Clty. "Several of the company remained
in Mobile, • 1 ' tr ;^
Theatrical People Tell of the Conduct
of an Alleged Anarchistic v
• Musician. ; . ;
ADVISES CRIME
ON THE TRAIN
The members of the Building Trades, Council
are good, , hard-working, law-abiding, American
citizens. .'. ..They will never countenance such
a dastardly sentiment,
ttt the same time they owe It to themselves
and to their Americanism to : publicly voice
their abhorrence of Eaton'* expressions, 'and to
kick him out' ia disgrace from among them;
. The man t who gave utterance - to this • senti
ment in the nation's hour of . grief and horror
was an Is W. T. Eaton, and he Is the walk-
Ing . delegate of " the Building Trades Council
of Sacramento. ,.,-¦. . ,
Speaking of the incident editorially, the
Bee says: V
early yesterday afternoon. • when a third party
approached with the shocking news that Presi
dent McKinley had been shot down by an as
sassin, and that he was perhaps fatally
wounded. The man- received \the news • with
the remark: .
"He ought to have been shot In San Fran
cisco!" •' ' ¦ ••' ' "' ' -
j r the speedy recovery of the President
Tfci many instances the rabbi mentioned
the catastrophe In his address and dwelt
on the life of the President.
Prayers in the Synagogues.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— In all the Jewish
pynagogues to-day prayers were offered
paper here publishes an interview with
TTnited States Senator George L. Welling
ton, given In Cumberland upon the re
ception cf the nc-ws of the attempt upon
the life of President McKinley, in which
Wellington 5s quoted as saying:
"McKinley and I are enemies. I have
nothing good to say about him and under
the circumstances £0 not care to say any
thing bad. I am indifferent to the whole
matter."
The attention of . the Senator was di
rected to the matter this morning with a
request fcr a. denial or affirmation of "the
wor-Js attributed to him. He flatly de
clined to give either.
Senator Wellington Hakes No Com
ment on Reported Remarks
About the President.
BALTIMORE, lid., Sept 7.— A morning
RARSH WORDS
NOT RETRACTED
the forenoon and well into the afternoon
it held at 102 degrees, and then began
to increase slightly. At .3:30 it : was
at 102.2, and three hours . later it had
risen to 102.5, but even at the latter
point it was not viewed with concern.
The respiration of the wounded Presi
dent was looked upon as being quite
satisfactory.
VICE PBESIDE2TT
• BOO SE VELT ARRIVES
Vice President Roosevelt reached
the Milburn residence shortly after 1
o'clock to-day, after traveling con
tinually since 7 o'clock last night, when
he left Burlington, Vt. He was escorted
from the station as far as the Hotel
Iroquois by a squad of mounted police,
and the remainder of the ; way bv a
squad of bicycle police. He expressed
his deep distress at the tragedy, but be
yond that declined to make any state
ment. He ; remained at the residence
about half an hour and then went to
the nearby home of Ansley Wilcox.
whose guest he will be during; his stay!-
By evening all the -members of the
- The man was standing with another on the
weft side of Second,* between J and K streets,
In the midst of the sorrow which was every
where felt in Sacramento over the announce
ment that President McKinley had been shot
down by a vile assassin,' there stood one man
who was- not moved to denounce the craven
assault w^iich had been inflicted, not alone upon
the chief! magistrate of the- nation, but upon
the heart ot the American people as well. -
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— The Bee to
night contains the following:
Eaton.
Serious; Charge Tp Made *A gainst
Walking Delegate W. T.
APPLAUDS ACT
OF ASSASSIN
The doctors issued five bulletins be
tween 6 o'clock this morning and 6:30
this evening, and because they showed
an absence of unfavorable conditions
they were "generally regarded . as
very hopeful. The record of pulse
showed a wide variation during the
day, but any alarm occasioned on that
score was minimized by a statement
from Dr. Rixey, the President's physi 1
cian, that Mr. McKinley's pulse under
normal conditions was inclined to be
erratic and that he was not unfavor
ably impressed by the circumstances.
The physicians were not concerned as
to the patient's temperature. During
No medicine except digitalis has teen
given, and that was administered to
quiet his pulse, which mounted this
morning to 146. Both his respiration
and temperature, although they varied
much during the day, were considered
satisfactory.
given to him at intervals, but no food
of any kind as yet. • His physicians say
he has plenty of reserve strength to
draw upon, and for the present neither
nourishment nor artificial stimulants
are necessary.
BUFFALO. Sept 7.— In many
material points, and particu
larly In the utterances after
the President was shot, the
witnesses of yesterday's trag
edy at the Temple of Music
fail to agree. The action of
the tragedy was very fast and its com- '
mission was followed by a scene of confu
sion. In which it was difficult to either see
or hear -rrith accuracy, however close one
stood to the President and his assailant.
It is now conceded that the President
did not say "May God forgive him." after
he was shot, and it Is agreed that his first
audible speech was a reference to his
wife: "I trust Mrs. McKinley will not be
Informed of this. At least, I hope it will
not be exaggerated."
A newspaper reporter who stood just
behind the President when the shooting
occurred gave cne of the clearest ac
counts related so far. He Eaidi
"I stood about ten feet from the Presi
dent and saw Czolgosz approach him. .me
latter had his right hand drawn up close
to his breast ar.d a white linen handker
chief wrapped about it bore the appear
ance of a bandage. He extended his left
hand, and I am quite sure the President
thought he was injured, for he . leaned
forward and ?ool:ed at him In a sympa
thetic v.-ay. When directly in front of the
President Czolgosz threw his right hand
f orrrard and_ fired. I saw the flash and
smoke, followed* by the report, and then
I heard the second shot.** '" ¦ :
Locks of the Assassin. .
"Instantly John Parker, a colored man,
ar.d Secret Service Agent Foster were
upon Czoljrcsz and they bore him to the
floor. Czolgosz, lying prostrate, still re
tained a hold on his revolver, and seemed
to be trying to get his arm free to flre
cprain.
"The President did not fall. He raised his
right- hand and felt of his breast and
seemed to be maintaining his upright po
sition only by wonderful effort.
"I am sure he did not sp3ak at that mo
ment. He gazed fixedly at his assailant"
with a look which I cannot describe, but
which I shall never forget, and In a mo
ment reeled back into the arms of Secre
tary Cortelyou. Czolgosz's' revolver had
by that time been knocked from his hand
and some one had picked up the burning
handkerchief which lay at his feet. Czol
gosz was picked up, forced back and
again knocked down. Mr. Cortelyou and
Mr. MUburn supported the President- and
led him to a chair. I heard him ask that
' the news be kept from his wife, and a
moment later, when" Secretary Cortelyou
asked him if he felt much pain, he said:
" 'This wound hurts very much.'
"He seemed to be fairly easy as he
rested In the chair and some of the fad
ing color came back to his face. He
reached his right hand inside of his shirt
and when he withdrew It his fingers were
tipped with blood. He paled again at the
Bight of the blood and I think he
fainted."
Alarm of Mexican Minister.
Senor Azpir^z. the Mexican Minister,
broke through the crowd and rushing up
to the President cried:
"My God, Mr. President, are you shot?"
The Minister seemed about to throw
himself at the feet of the President, but
was restrained. The President's answer
came very slowly, and In a halting, sub
dued voice he said, "Yes, I believe I am."
The President was attracted by the scuf
fling of the officers who were dragging
the would-be murderer away, but he did
not speak. His head rested on the arm
of Mr. Milfcurn, and he seemed only part
ly conscious. His courage was superb,
and while he was conscious he was the
master of the pain he suffered. When the
ambulance came and a stretcher was
brought in he started forward and partly
regained his feet unassisted. I heard not
a word from the assailant of the Presi
i f'ont. He was struck down the moment
he fired the second shot, and If he did
speak It was probably In exclamation at
the very rough treatment he was receiv
ing."
Authentic Version of What
Occurred After Shots
Were Fired. ,
Hopes Firs. HcKinley
Will Not Be
Told.
True Story of the
Thoughts of the
President.
ACTION
FAST IN
TRAGEDY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S FIRST WORDS
ARE CONCERNING DEVOTED WIFE
DAVID STARR JORDAN CHARGES YELLOW
PRESS WITH FOMENTING ASSASSINATION
Says the Buffalo Tragedy Is an Outcome of Strife Between Classes Brought About by Con
scienceless Agitators and Sensational Newspapers.
Pages 23 to 32
Day of Prayer in Nebraska.
; LINCOLN, Nebr.. Sept. 7.— Abn$r Mc-
Kinley passed through Lincoln this after
noon on his way from Denver to Buffalo.
Governor Savage, other State officers and.
prominent citizens met him at the station.
Governor Savage this afternoon Issued a
proclamation setting: apart to-morrow as
a day. of ; prayer for the recovery mt the*
President.
Some laymen, fearing that Czolgosz has
a chance to escape with only a few year3*
of imprisonment, have raised the ques
tion whether he can not be tried upon a
charge of treason. Chief Justice Beatty
said last evening that could not be done,
in hla opinion. The country Is not at war
and it cannot be alleged that Czolgosz has
helped the enemies of his country. When
President Lincoln was assassinated.
Payne, Herold, Atzeroth, Mrs. Surratt,
Mudd, Arnold and O'Laughlln were tried
before 'a military court, 'but the crime
was committed within the lines of . the
army and the war was ttfen going on.-
Under ordinary conditions theirs would
have been simple murder cases to be tried
by the civil courts. In the ! case of
Gulteau, who assassinated President Gar
fleld, the trial and conviction were for
murder.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court of California says that Czolgosz
will be tried under the laws of the State
of New York, the attempt to kill Presi
dent McKinley having taken place within
the boundaries of that State. If the *
President shall survive, the charge
against Czolgosz will be assault with at
tempt to commit murder.
Should President Survive Assault to
Murder Would Be Charge
Against Anarchist.
LIGHT PENALTY
FOR CZOLGOSZ
NEW YORK,Sept.7.-At the telephonic
request of Secretary Cortelydu, Thomas A.
Edison , thl.<* afternoon* shipped by, the 6:30
p.m.' Delaware.lLnckawanha'and Western
train an .X-ray api>aratus to ' be *used to
locate the bullet J remaining r In President
McKinley' s body. The train J is fdue in
Buffalo' at 7 a.m. to-morrow. '¦• Dr." Knoll,
superintendent of the House of Relief in
this city,; who is an expert in "the use of
the apparatus, and several of Mr. Edison's
assistants were on the train.
Thomas ' : A.'*Edison~ .• Sends an X-Ray
Machine for President's
APPARATUS TO
LOCATE BULLET
Leon Czolgosz. the self-avowed dis
ciple of Emma Goldman and the other
radical anarchist leaders, who shot Pres
ident McKinley, insists that he alone «s
responsible for the crime. He says that
he talked the matter over in advance in
a general way with his friends, but that
he was not advised by them and that
there was no plot or. conspiracy to take
the life of the President in which any
one else had a part, i. He .declined to
furnish the names of the men with
whom he discussed the crime.
Other members of the Presidential
party who have been quartered in the
Milburn residence will temporarily
withdraw to further aid the plan of se
curing perfect quiet for' the wounded
man. The public shows its truest ap
proval of the " plan by keeping away
from the locality, and neither the sen
tries nor the police have encountered
any opposition. Those whose presence
is necessary move about the house and
grounds in the quietest manner pos
sible.
McKinley, and should there be a se
rious change will return here.-
./They stated that Magglo was a member
of the Italian branch of the anarchist so
ciety and that on"- the trip : from ; Abilene
to Paris, Tex., as spoken of by Huttmann,
Magglo on several occasions went through
the train delivering anarchist literature.
He >wa? remonstrated • with by 5 Andrews,
the manager of the company, whereupon
he threatened to kill; 'Andrews. This
brought about? an embittered- feeling be
tween them. Some time later, the trouble
was - renewed and' Magglo left .the train.
This was In the latter part of April and
at . last accounts ¦ he was I still at Sliver
city, n;m, ' : •'¦ ¦- .¦ '.-• ¦¦ ¦ .- ¦
; A reporter to-day interviewed the mem
bers here, who stated that they were well
acquainted with both Magglo and Hutt
marin and that the statement of Hutt
mann telegraphed from Wichita last night
is correct. In every detail. , , .
Department of the East, who came here
this morning from New York, assumed
personal charge of the military, and un
der his direction the. picket lines were
extended 'in every direction.. Aided bv
the city police the soldiers roped off the
streets which- intersect Delaware ave
nue near the Milburn residence, and
both teams and pedestrians were kept
out of the district. The telegraph office
established in the Milburn stable was
removed to a tent pitched on a lawn on
the opposite side of . the avenue. An
additional. tent for the use of the news
paper correspondents is . also placed
there. The White House clerical
force, which J had established an office
in the main drawing-room of the-.Mil
burn residence, was moved to the
GlennyT residence, which adioins the
Milburn home and which had been ten
dered to Secretary Cortelyou for . the
purpose. Mrs. Duncan, sister of the
President, and; her son, and the -Misses
Barber," nieces of the President, also left
the Milburn residence, and at midnight
departed for Canton.' "They are to be
closely advised of the condition of Mr.
CHARGE OF MILITARY
A plan to insure absolute quiet for the
President has been put in operation.
and the safeguards are now such that
it will be practically impossible for', him
to be disturbed in any way. - ¦ ¦' ¦
General" Brooke, commander of the
Cabinet except- Secretary Hay and
Secretary Long had arrived. The
Secretaries came as fast as steam
and ; steel could carry, them. Both
the Secretary, of State and the Secretary
of the Navy are expected to-morrow.
Secretary Wilson and Secretary Root
spent most of the day at the Milburn
residence. Air the members of the
Cabinet will remain here until the
result of the wound . is deter
mined. It is probable that after they all
arrive a Cabinet meeting, will be held.
Informally they have discussed the pos
sibility of Vice President Roosevelt be
ing called upon to act as magistrate
during the disability of the President.
But all precedents are against such a
course while the President lives.
GENERAL, 3B0OKE TAKES
It is not believed here that Roosevelt
will exercise any of the duties of the
Presidential office until something should
occur urgently requiring the personal at
tention of the chief executive, and" tha
President should be in such condition- as
to be utterly unable to act. In that event
it will be made clear to the country that
the Vice President acts on the earnest
solicitation of the Cabinet.
Former Senator Trumbull held that the
Vice President was authorized' to act In
case of disability, mental or physical,
which was known to the Vice President
when so open, notorious and indisputable
as to be recognized by all as existing.
Davis, after discussing the various views,
agreed substantially with former Gover
nor Butler that the Vice President him
self should decide when a constitutional
inability had arisen and should thereupon
enter upon the discharge of the Presiden
tial duties. . .
Professor Dwight contended that it wag
necessary for Congress to prescribe th»
manner in which' proof of inability should
be established, something that Congress
has never attempted to do.
Vice President Must Decide.
Morse referred me to a pamphlet pub
lished by Henry E. Davis of the District
of Columbia bar, reviewing the discus
sion of fhe subject that was carried on
at the time President Garfleld lay wound
ed. In this pamphlet former Judge Dit
tenhoffer of New Tork is quoted as main
taining that a disability which would
justify the Vice President In acting must
be one which would completely dlsabla
him for the remainder of his term, on
which the Vice President, on his own
decision of necessity, shall become PresK
dent.
"But," he continued, "no Vice President
would think of acting In such capacity
without being requested by the President
or "Cabinet, if the President were not in
such mental. and physical condition as to
enable him to make the request."
*Will Await Cabinet Bequest.
Lander Porter Morse, a leading author
ity, said this afternoon that in his opinion
the Vice President was the judge, and
that when he believed that inability with
in the meaning of the constitution ex
"isted it was his duty to discharge the du
ties as acting President until the Presi
dent should be able to act.
The constitution says that they shall
devolve upon the Vice President, but the
constitution is silent as to what shall con
stitute "inability," and it ia silent as to
who shall decide when such inability ex
ists. "
a nature or whether the con
dition of public business is such as to re
quire him to assume the duties of the
chief executive as acting President. This
is the opinion of many excellent lawyers
who have considered the question, though
it is not the unanimous opinion of tho
profession. Until the shooting of Presi
dent Garfleld the question of what was
the proper procedure In case of the in
ability of the President to discharge the
powers and duties of his office never
arcse.
' y^g ALL BUREAU, 1406 O
£ T STREET. N. W.. "WASH1NG-
I ] TON, Sept. 7.— Vice President
J Roosevelt mast decide for
himself whether the Presi
dent's disabilities are of such
Special Dispatch to The Call. -•¦•—
Cabinet Request.
tiveship.
• <?
Roosevelt Would Not Act
as President Without
. -m
Must Decide f or Him
self on Chief Execu-
Vice President to
Be the Sole
Judge.
TO ACT
AS THE
LEADER
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
"To forestall " any report that may ob
tain circulation I -wish to state now," the
Senator continued, "that no one Is to
blame for this terrible affair. The exposi
tion officials, the officials of the Govern
ment and the local officials did everything
in their power to guard the person of the
chief executive and no one is responsible
in the slightest degree."
"Has there been a meeting, of the Cab
inet, Senator?"
"No, there has been no meeting of the
Cabinet, informal or otherwise, and I
sincerely believe that no emergency will
arise that will make such a thing neces
sary."
"L have sent no message to Cleveland
or any other point In the country regard
ing the condition of the President, othar
than the official' bulletins issued by the
physicians,", the Senator said.
Pages 23 to 32MILBURN RESIDENCE. BUFFALO
Sept. S.— Mr. Cortelyou announced at id
o clock that there was no change ?n the
President's condition. He said a formal
bulletin would be issued later
th?^ AL<5 i Sept - 7 - The s " ne about
the Milburn house at midnight was cheer
less. A westerly windstorm blew up dur
ing the night and with it drifted light
clouds of fog. The temperature fell ma
terially and the sentinel who was on duty
had to muffle un to keep warm. In addi
tion to the regulars a ccrps of police were
also, on guard, but they paced deserted
wn£ S " A v few shaded lamps burned in the
Milburn home, one marking the room
where the President lies. It was the
opening of the day named as ths critical
one for the victim and*the watchers were
keenly alert for the expected change,
inose. in the sick r^om reported that the
patient was still doing well
MILBURN HUUSK. BUFFALO. Sent
7.-At midnight it was stated that the
President's condition was unchanged
M1LBUKN HOUSE. BUFFALO Sept
Ir K°," g the c ? llers at the Milburn home
to-iughf were Vice President KoosevClt
benator Fa.roanks of Indiana, who ar"
rived to-night from New York; Secretary
Hoot. Secretary Wilson and Postma"!?
General Smith* They left the house snor't
ly after lo o'clock, leaving Secretary c"
teljou with the President. Secretary cCr
telyou has taken.no rest since the Presi
dent was shot, and has practically been
in charge of affairs. He refuses to lelv"
thf> r«u. nf his wounded chief iea\e
MILBURN HOUSE. BUFFALO SeDt 7
-li:iv p. m.— uts. Kixey and Mynter arp
to keep the night vigil at the bedside of
the President, and me other pnysicfans
have left the house. A very close watch
is being kept on the patient, for if there
arc to be unfavorable symptoms tbey are
expected to manifest themselves in a few
MILBURN HOUSE. Sept. 7 —The f ol
lowing bulletin was issued by the Presi"
dent's physicians at 9:30 p. m • r esi-
continue much "the samp
The President responds well to med£fi
attention. Pulse 132. temperature 10^5
respiration 25. The physicians in attend:
ance.wish to say that they are too busilv
engaged telegram?
-KOSWELL PARKE.
"H..MYNTEH,
¦¦EUCit'NEWASVIN,
GEORGE B. CORTELYOU i
"Secretary to Presidpnt ••
£ MILBUHN | HOUSE. Sep{. T^Mr Mil
burn came from his house at 10:40 "pm
and joined the newspaper men ¦ at {press
headquarters. He was in good spirits anri
taid that the last advices from the dot
tors were very pleasing. ~ ."
"Everything is proceeding satisfac
tory" he continued.- "If th! President
maintains his strength for twenty-foSr
hours more we feet that he will surelv re
C °m^-A^ M S °? a1ly - SSft qu!te hopeful."
BLFjj'AjLo. Sept. tf, S:SO p. m — All i«
quiet at the Milburn residence Seeretarv
of Agriculture Wilson has been abou' thl
only ..carter. President's condition un
channed. ¦ . .- . "
BUFFALO. Sept. 7.-The following bul
let n was Issued -by the President's phy
sicians at £:30 n. m. : v y
"There is no change for the worse since
last bulletin; pulse, 130; temperature lf)2?.
degrees; respiration. 23. . ;-•'¦*
, "P. M. RIXEY m n
"GEORGE B. CORTELYOU. Seeretarv
• to the President.- secretary
¦ BUFFALO. Sept. 7.— At 5:20 p. l m . the
President was reported to be resting will
and Dr. Rixey had left the sickroom Ind
was asleep.
During the Night Are
. Encouraging.
Bulletins Sent Out by the Physicians
•Another reason makes, me wish him here.
An honored member of this society from tha
commandery of Ohio.- a gentleman at all times
and to all people, a home-lovins-, kind-hearted
man,: the President of.' the United - States,? and
therefore the equal. of klnys,- lies stricken by
the- hand of i an -assassin. •¦ I -would that'Com
panion Barnes were here, that hemieht'-wtth
all -the.- force and ' skill - and the fire and -love
of country that ever .lie smoldering within
him. give words to the thoughts that struggle
within me when I try to express my horror at
Mr.' Ccmmandpr and Keliow Compnnlons:
t/lke yovrselvc-s, I had looked forward with
eagerness .to the entertainment which 'General
Barnes was to have- given us. I know . that
his inability to be with us here to-night Is as
disappointing; to. him as - it. is to ourselves.
He had obtained much Information concerning
the subject matter of this evening's discourse,
and was to have presented us with a fac slm
ille of "the original of- the captain's commis
sion eiven I by Congress • to Paul Jones, and
which for a lone time has been lost. I can
piomise . you, however, that there. • will be'
another ' occasion .when he will address ' you,
and what he has In - store for you will lose
nothing by the keeping. ; .
In the absence cf General Barnes Archi
bald Treat was. tho principal speaker,
lie prefaced his- remarks on the Paul
Jones memorial with the following: .
The companions of ' the California Com
mandery of the Society, of American
Wars met at the California Hotel lost
evening for. the purpose of discussing tho
proposed monument to the. memory of
Paul Jones. The matter of the monument
was taken up, but , the interest of the
gathering wa3 larjrsly absorbed in the
anxiety over the I President's condition.
Resolutions of sympathy were adopted
and a telegram tolling of the command
ery's action was sent to Buffalo. .
That Endangers the ~ Presi
• ' dent's Life. V
Sorro-wing Wcrds Over ths Tragedy
TRIBUTES PAID
BY LOCAL MEN
The Pope has directed Cardinal Mur
tinelli. papal delegate to . the United
States, to express to tho Government the
feeling of deep Indignation of his Holiness
at the attempted assassination of the
President and his earnest prayer for Mr.
McKinley's recovery;.
The press strongly condemns the out
rage and demands the stringent suppres
sion of anarchists. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
• There can be but one suggestion- in all this
—the need of. eternal vigilance arid that ex
alted patriotism and* devotion to our Govern
ment that, shall frown drtwn and render unrAfe
all Journalism and over acts to our
free Institutions.-'
the Italian Embassy ..at "Washington to tx
press the deep execration of the crime felt
by the Italian Government.
Our beloved President lies In agony. We ex
tend our heartfelt sympathy to his stricken wife
and pray that the life of our esteemed chief
executive be spared for many yeare.
Garfleld; Lincoln and'McKlnley! What a'sac
rifice . to brutality and anarchism.
Great sorrow has- fallen upon our nation,
caused h^ the ¦ attempted assassination . of our
beloved President, * William McKInley. The
ehots were -fircl by the concealed hand of. a
supposed friend In the act of greeting him. :
' SAN, JOSE, Sept. 7.— The San Jose
Grange, at a largely attended meeting tq
day. adopted the following resolution of
condolence on the attempted assassina
tion of President McKinley:.'
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
San Jose Grange on the
Duties of American
Citizens.
5HOULD FROWN
DOWN UNSAFE
JOURNALISM
.EARLY -MORNING. : SCENE IN
."FRONT OF THE -CALL'S BUL
LETIN BOARDS.' \ *
LATEST NEWS
FROM BEDSIDE
Dr. Frank A. Bristol of Washington.
President McKinley's pastor, whose emo
tion made speech difficult, alluded to his
personal relations with Mr. and Mrs Mc-
KInley. Dr. A. Stewart of Manitoba, for
the Canadians and others, spoke. After
a special silent pr^ver for the recovery of
the President the resolution was adopted
by a standing vote, many of those present
weeping.
dlgnation at the dastardly attempt made upon
the President of the United States and its pro
found sympathy with the nation in its deep
anxiety over the deed and- directs that a mes
sage of respectful. sympa thy be sent at once to
Mrs. McKinley.
This was amended to send one also to
President McKinley. . '
MADRID, Sept.' 7.— The newspapers here
comment briefly on the attempted assas
sination of President McKInley; and none i
of them fail to remember that it was un
der his administration that the war with
Spain took place. !
, The Globe, Ministerialist, says: "Presi
dent McKinley, yielding to popular am
bitions," wrought much ill to Spain"; but
the paper condemns what it describes as
a brutal outrage. ' • : . ' .' " • '¦
¦ The Imrsarcial observes: "It would be
premature to pass judgment on the per
sonality of the Presidpnt- and still more
so en hi3 policy, but tho. day is perhaps
not far distant when Ihe United ¦ States
will see in him the primary cause of the
decadence of the North American repub
lic." :¦ ¦ ¦-,- ¦ : ¦'-. ' .¦ - .- ¦ -¦¦:¦¦. ¦- '¦.'..:
The Liberal protests against the crime,
"irrespective of injury done to Spain"- by
President McKinley. '¦¦ :::•'.•-: J
The Correspcndencia says:. "If the Mon
roe doctrine did not already^ exist there
would be no McKinley doctrine. His ad
ministration has been disastrous to Spain.'
-The new imperialist policy of the United
States will not die with President McKin
ley, for imperialism is an idea rooted'in
the minds of the American people." • - ¦
ROME. Sept. 7.— The Premier, Senor
Senardelli. called, at the United States
Embassy this morninj; to express his sym
pathy with the "United States in its sor
row at the attempted . assassination - of
1 President McKinley. He, has instructed
Spain Yet Remembers the War.
CITY OF MEXICO. Sept. 7.— Much sym
pathy with President McKtnley was ex
pressed by President Diaz and Cabinet
and all the members of the diplomatic
corps. On the first receipt of the news
President Diaz sent, an aid to inquire at
the American Embassy. Later, on con
firmation of the news. President Diaz
called personally upon General Clayton.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 7.— The Danish
newspapers express the deepest sympathy
for the American people. Emperor Nich
olas, King George of Greece. King Chris
tian of Denmark and other royalties sent
messages of sympathy to Washington,
and many court Dignitaries called at the.
United States legation to- make. inquiries
and express their horror of- the crime.
HAVANA. Sept. 7.— At a meeting of the
constitutional convention to-day -it was
decided to ask Governor General Wood to
send a message of rympathy to tho Amer
ican people in the name of the convention.
All.ciay long the Governor General has
been receiving telegrams from Mayors,
expressing sympathy with President Mc-
KInley. - .... • ' .-¦_';¦
COLON, Colombo. Sept. 7.— The new3 of
the attempted assassination 6t President
McKInley was received here last evtning
with profound sorrow. » ' ' i
PANAMA. Sept. 7.— The attempted as
sassination of President McKinley hai
caused a profound sensation here. . All
classes of society sympathize with the
Americans sincerely and hope for McKin
ley's s=t>eedy' recovery. There is ¦ great
anxiety and news- of the President's con
dition is anxiously awaited.
VIENNA, Sept. 7.— Count Goluchowski,
Austro-Hungarian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, to-day cabled through the Wash
ington. Embassy: . . ..' ... .
"Heartfelt sympathy. Warmest wishes
for recovery."
He also ordered the departmental coun
cilor at Carlsbad personally to express
his sympathy to .the United States
Charge d'Affaires. who is staying at that
place. Dr. von Koerber, the .-. Austrian
Premier, and the members of the Cabinet,
called at the American legation and left
their cards.
Austria Cables Sympathy.
STOCKHOLM, Sept. 7.— King Oscar has
telegraphed ; to President McKinley his
regret and sympathy.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Sept. 7.—Presi
dent Zelaya and the people of Nicaragua
express great sorrow at the attempted
assassination of President McKinley.
The German press in Its reference to
Vice President Roosevelt recognize his
ability and his civil service reform work
and the Germans. who know him highly
respect his character, energy and inde
pendence.
LIMA, Peru. Sept. 7.— The Senate this
afternoon unanimously approved a motion
made by Senator Felipe Torrebuno, to
cable .United States Secretary of State
Hay a message of condolence upon the.
attempt on the life of President McKin
ley. . ,
Presldent McKinley's personal purity and
frequently -within the past year or. two
recognized him as the friend of peace, as
favoring, good relations of the other na
tions and as being a check upon the jingo
element in the United States. The Ger
man Government entertains a warm re
gard for the President and his latest ut
terance .was regarded as opening a still
more pleasant chapter in the relations of
the two ¦ countries. ...
.LONDON.Ont., Sept. 7.-— The Ecumenical
Methodist conference gave up the first
hour of its session to-day to prayers for.
eulogies" cf and resolutions respecting
President McKinley. ' It/, happened j that
the bishops and ministers of the colored
Methodist branches were in charge of the
opening \ service. Bishop Arnett of Ohio
presiding. I The-Rsv. P.- A. Hubbard, D. D.,
of Washington, • offered prayer ' for the
President and his wife, and Bishop Arnett
delivered an address in which he spoke
of. the high qualities of thePresident as a
statesman, Christian and gentleman. ' •
The Rev. Dr.,W. T.; Davison of the
British Wesleyan Methodists, president of
the, conference; moved:
That this conference expresses Its Intense in-
Clergymen cf^thc Ecumenical Metho
dict Conference Iteplore the'At-
» • tempt r.t Assassination.
OFFER PRAYERS
FOR McKINLEY
But there Is, work to be done, and we, the
sons of fighting sires, would be falstf to our
selves and the mission of our society , if we
chirked it. The sluggish stream of public
sentiment must be stirred until all men shall
know that license, must be divided from-lib
erty, that freedom of speech. and thought does
not mean the speech and thought of ¦ the an
archist, and first and last and forevermore
that this beloved land shall not be the nest
ing-place of the vermin of other countries.
Mr. Treat then gave a sketch of the life
of Paul, Jones and before adjourning the
commandery appointed a committee to ar
range for the erection of a local monu
ment. :
"At the Bush street synagogue yester
day morning during the regular, service
special psalms were recited and a fervent
prayer was offered by Rabbi Isidore My
ers' for the speedy and perfect recovery
of x the President. Subsequently Rabbi
Myers preached' an impressive sermon,
taking for his text Lamentations, iv:20.
"The breath of our nostrils, the anointed
of the Lord, has been caught In their
snares, he. of whom we said. Under, his
shadow shall -we live among the nations."
He said In part:
The weight of a great ! sorrow has fallen on
the people of the Unitri • States, a sorrow
shared by the whole civilized world. A das
tardly hand, ¦ with murderous intent,- has as
sailed "the breath of our nostrils"— that is. the
very life of the state." the' symbol of Govern
ment and of the majesty of law and order, the
chief executive whose dignified and responsible
position carries with it all -that is great and
nrble in- a great and noble people: a man who
has justified the choice and confidence of the
p«ople of this land by steering the ship of state
with remarkable skill and wisdom, and under
whose shadow America has come to be consid
ered pre-eminent among tne leading nations of
the world.
Mr. McKInley has proved himself a true serv
ant of God. "the anointed of the Ix>rd." by
his generous and broad sympathies, by his de
sire to promote International amity and con
cord, by his integrity and honesty of purpose,
by his sor!al and domestic virtues and by his
manifest love for the people, qualities which
have endeared him to the hearts of all sorts
and conditions of men. This great and good
man has been "caught in the snares" of the
foes of society, those misguided miscreants,
those inhuman monsters, whose dreadful d»eds
from time to time send a shudder throughout
the, civilised world, whose nature is so per
verted that they can" actually glory- In heinous
crirr.es as If they were righteous acts of hero
ism. ' ": ' '
'"\\>. Jews especially are filled with loathing
and indigatnon at any attempt that is made on
the life of the' heed, of a state, trained as we
have been for thousands of years to regard as
an essential part of our religion our solemn
oblientir.ii to manifest loyalty and devotion for
established "authority and to show respect and
reverence for tho sacred majesty of law and
order. Our hearts' deepest sympathies go out
to cur beloved President and his' grief-stricken
wife; a::d we- earnestly Join in the universal
prayer expressed in words or in tsars that the
rays or divine goodness and grace may descend
upon Mm and by their warmth restore him
Eocn to health and vijor.
The following self-explanatory telegram
was received yesterday by Mayor -Phelan
In answer to the one he sent expressing
the sympathy of this community for the
d?s*ard]y- attack on the life of Prestdent
McKir.ky: , .
, WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. 7. 1901. -
Uio' Honor Mayer Phelan.* FVancls^o.
Cal.: In Mr. Hay's absence I Have great grati
fication In acknowledging your touching mes
rage of sympathy.' ALVEY A. ADEB.
..',.' . . ; ¦' ' ¦ ¦¦ Acting • Secretary. .
the vile work of yesterday. ' I am no stranger
to mere words. l but • in my detestatlonrof • a
crime, so: foul, so black and. so useless-, they
come tumbling upon me . without coherence,
and I can only say like Shakespeare's be
wildered Moor, "Oh, the pity of It; the pity
of it." . - • ¦¦ ¦ •
BERLIN. Sept. J.-The tragedy in Buf
falo has made a deep impression. "While
the Germans first knew President Mc-
Kinley as the author of the McKinlev
bill, which they regarded as especlallv
aimed at Germany, and therefore disliked
him. that dislike has latterly given place
to a more friendly feeling and during tho
past few years the papers have said many
pleasant things about him. It is a strik
ing fact that the German press, althoue-h
generally ready to impute corruption to
every American statesman, never assails
Sentiment in Germany.
Throughout the Government offices the
.same sentiments were echoed. I In Wash
ington itself the assailant could not have
been more bitterly execrated
You cannot use terms too strong in expressing
our indignation at the outrage and sympathy
with the President. It Is terrible. If Mr.
McKInley. dies, -which we sincerely hope he will
not, the whole world will lose a man of great
er Integrity and statefimanship than it even
at present realizes. Thin latest- attempt may
load to an international arrangement by which
anarchist* may be dealt with according to
their deserts and this canker of civilization be
suppressed. Certainly England would favor
euch a plan. We and America are blamed on
th* continent for harboring anarchists
We are deeply relieved to hear the oncourae
ing reports about the President's condition, but
remembering keenly how President Garn>l<l lin
gered, we dread the possibility of complications
until the second bullet la found. If the worst
comes to the worst, which I dislike to con
template, it 13 some sllsrht satisfaction to
know that the Vice President In such an up
right, level-headed man. I don't think Euro
pean statesmen would feel a bit nervous about
his direction of affairs. We sincerely trust
however, that such a coptingency will not o~
cur.
In the absence of Lord Salisbury and
the Marquis of Lansdowne from London
Schomberg McDonnell, principal private
secretary to the Prime Minister, caid to
a representative of the press:
I have heard with sorrow and detestation of
the atrocious, cowardly act of which the Pres
ident of the United States is a victim. Every
Englishman dee»ily symrathiz-s with the peo
ple of America and v.-|th the family of the
President, vhose hleh character is well ap
preciated on this skis.
It is understood that the American po
lice are communicating with the police of
the various European capitals with the
view of learning whether. Czolgosz had
relations with foreign anarchists recently.
By night the embassy had received tel
egrams from almost every city in the
United Kingdom, besides countless in
quiries from- individuals, including the
Duke of Cambridge, the Bishop of Ripon,
the foreign Embassadors and the Argen
tine Minister.
Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial Secre
tary, wired from Birmingham:
The Sun says: "The abhorrent crime
was committed for mere -wantonness."
- The Evening News says, "That he may
be spared is the prayer of every English
man throughout the empire," and the pa
per mentions the curious resemblance in
the circumstances surrounding the crime
in Buffalo and those of the murder of
President Carnot, whose assassin climbed
to his victim's carriage for the ostensible
purpose of shaking hands.
The Echo eulogizes the personal traits
of President McKinley as those on which
Englishmen can dwell with unaffected
appreciation.
"England Prays for McKinley" is print
ed in great black type across the front
page of the Evening Star, and all the
journals express the hope of the English
people that the President will recover.
KIEL. Sept. 7.— Please send at once to tho
American Embassy to offer my deepest sym
pathy at the dastardly attempt on the Presi
dent's life. I have telegraphed direct. Please
keep me Informed of his condition.
The following Is the text of King Ed
ward's message to the Foreign Office:
King 1 Edward's Message.
The United States embassy received
many telegrams and telephone messages
from distinguished persons inquiring for
news and expressing anxiety and regret
at the attempt: of the would-be assassin.
Lord Pauncefote, the British Embassa
dor to the United States, accompanied by
his daughter, was one of the earliest call
ers at the United States embassy this
morning. He expressed 'the greatest sym
pathy and anxiety regarding President
McKinley's condition. Other callers at
the embassy included Judge Gray of Del
aware, Professor Saunders of Harvard
and practically all. the leading Americans
in London. The telegrams of sympathy
and inquiry received at the embassy from
all parts of Great Britain Include mes
sages from the Mayors of Liverpool,
Birmingham and Portsmouth. i
lency their sincere sympathy with your country
in this melancholy event and they trust that so
valuable a life as President McKinley's may
be spared for the. welfare of the American
people.
Foreign Editors Unite in Praising Personal
Character of Man Whom an Anarchist
Has Stricken Down.
Attack Upon fir. flcKinley May Lead to an
International Movement for the 5up=
pression of Anarchists.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— Th«
Department of State to-day
made public some of the
messages that had been re
ceived. These messages
come from crowned heads,
from foreign Ministers,
from resident Ministers of foreign coun
tries in the United States and from Indi
viduals of distinction. Some of them fol
low: -..
From the President of Guatemala to
Mrs. McKinley:
GUATEMALA. Sept. 6. 1901.— My Government
and I most heartfully learn of the unhappy
event. Be please to receive our profound sor
row. M. ESTRADA.
From the Lieutenant Governor of New
South Wales:
SYDNEY, Sept. 7, 1301. — The Government and
people of New South Wales join with me In
expressing our deep sympathy with you In your
sufferings and our sorrow at the crime which.
has been committed. We pray that the Al
mighty in his infinite grooflne«3 may spare you
to your people. FREDERICK M. DARLEY.
From the Italian Ambassador to the
Secretary of State:
ROME. Sept. 7. 1901.— Deeply grieved at ter
rible crime. Trust President will be- spared to
his country and friends. BARON FAVA.
From the German Embassatfor to the
Secretary of State:
BREMEN. Sept. 7, 1301.— Please accept the ex
pression of my most sincere and hearty regret
; on account of the dreadful accident the Presi
dent met with. Please convey this message
if possible to President and Mrs. McKinley.
HOLLEBEX.
From the Mexican Embassador to the
United States to the Secretary of State: , j
BUFFALO, Sept. 6, 1301.— The Mexican Em- ¦
bassador expresses to the Government of the
United States his deep regrets for the atrocious
attempt against the life of his Excellency, Pres
ident McKinley. The diplomatic representa
tives of Ecuador. Spain. Japan, Peru.* Colom
bia. Korea. Turkey. Russia, Venezuela. Brazil
and China at present in this city have request
ed the Embapjador to express In their names
the same sentiment. M.DE AZPIROZ.
From the Ecumenical Methodist Con
ference to the Secretary of State:
LONDON. Kent. 7.— In accordance with ac
tion taken on this 7th day of September. thU
Ecumenical Methodist Conference, assembled
in Wesley Chanel. London, expresses through
you to the American people Its intense indig
nation at the dastardly attempt en the life of
the President of the United States of America,
and its profound sympathy with the nation in
its deep anxiety. ¦ .
JOHN BEND and JAMES KING.
Secretaries.
From the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
France to the Secretary of State:
PARIS/ Sept. 7.— I beg your Excellency to
accept the expression of profound horror in
spired in the Frencl» nation and Government.
ever ready to share the sorrows as well as the
Joys of the people of the United States, by the
attempt on President McKinley's life, and our
ardent wishes for the early recovery of the
noble chief of the great American republic.
DELCASSE.
Other telegrams of sympathy sent to
the State Department were as follows:
The Klnr of Portugal to Mrs. McKInley:
Accept, madame. the expression of my full
sympathy on this so grievous occasion.
KING OF PORTUGAL.
BERLIN— Accept the exnression of my
warmest sympathy with the deep sorrow which
has fallen on the Government and T>eoDle of
the United States by an execrable crime. God
save the life of the President, so grievously
endangered. COUNT VON BULOW.
Chancellor of the German Empire.
CARACAS— The Government of Venezuela
execrates Buffalo attempt and makes wish for
the life of Prestdent.
MINISTER FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Venezuela,
LEON, Nicaragua.— The cable has Just ad
vised us of the attempted assassination nuds i
upon President McKinley. The Government I
and people of Nicaragua, bound, as it is. to
this great nation, with whose friendship it la
honored, deplores the crime and trusts that his
Excellency. Mr. McKInley. may recover from
the wounds which the treacherous villainy has
caused him. FERDINAND SANCHEZ,
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The following cablegrams were received
at the War Department to-day from Gov
ernor Taft and General Chaff ee:
MANILA. Se D t. 7.-Secretary of War,
Washington: Greatly shocked by report that
President has been shot. Anxiously await ex
act information. TAFT
MAXILA. Sept. 7.— Adjutant General. War
Department. Washington: Synmathy and so
licitude for President from army of the Phil-
In^ines. CHAFFEE.
Woodruff Hears of Tragedy.
lake KORA. N. Y., Sept. 7.—Lieuten
ant Governor VVoodruff received informa
tion of the assault on President McKIn
ley early this morning as he was coming
down the mountain near his camp. Mrs
Woodruff, who had received the telegram,
gave her husband the information. Upon
receiving verincation of the news the
Lieutenant Governor made the following
statement:
"I cannot reconcile mygelf to the possi
bility of such a misfortune, but if it be
true and we must lose him we will lose
one who has combined. in his private life
and public service more loveliness of dis
pesitien and grandeur of character than
any other President of the United States.
In Theodore Roosevelt, with whom it was
my privilege to be closely associated f or^
two years In the administration of the
government of our State, our country— a
great world power largely through hi3
loyal efforts— will continue to prosper and
to be guided, as it always- has been, in
American character, courage and excep
tional civic virtue."
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.-Former Con
gressman Charles A. Towne In an inter
view upon the attack upon President Mc-
KInley said:
"I am shocked by the news of the at
tempt upon the President's life and with
all Americans feel great grief. I know
Mr. McKinley intimately and appreciate
his lovely character. The event comes as
a great sorrow to the nation. I should re
?J et^ x £- e . edlng1 / to hear of the de ath of
Mr. McKInley. from the fact that I do not
feel that the country would be as safe
under Colonel Roosevelt as under the
President."
DENVER Sent 7.-Followinjr the re
ceipt of the last and most favorable bul
letin last night Senator Patterson sent the
following telegram to President McKin
ley at Buffalo:
We are nil -unspeakably rejoiced that God
will nave you to the nation. The latest tele
grams from your bedside fill all the moun
tains and plait 3 with supreme rrladness
T. M. PATTERSON.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 7.-James Gary, for
mer Postmaster General, was shocked be
yond measure by the news.
j "I am almost prostrated." said Mr.
Gary, "and I cannot find words to ex
press my feelings."
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.-The following
cablegram was received to-day by the
New York Chamber of Commerce:
. London Chamber of Commerce desires to con- '
yey to New York Chamber of Commerce an «c-\,
l>ressicn of the utmost horror and detestation *
at the attack upon President McKInley. and
fervently hopes for his recovery.
The people of London have received with
profound regret and great indignation intelli
gence pf the dastardly attack on the life of
the distinguished President of the United States
•uxd they desire to convey through your excel-
LONDON Sept. 7.-Passengers booked
tp sail for New York on the steamer St.
Paul to-day gathered at Waterloo station
en route for the steamer were tremen
dously eager for further news of the
President's condition, many dreading the
week of suspense with which their pas
sage will be marked. The 1 o'clock bulle
tin was hailed with the greatest relief
At Euston elation, when the Lucania's
train left, there was a scene similar to
the one witnessed at Waterloo station
The passengers hung about the platform'
inquiring for the latest information and
apparently reluctant to put themselves
out of communication with the news
about the President's condition, even for
a few hours.
Richard Croker, John Fox of the New
"Fork Democratic Club and Andrew Freed
inan were among the travelers. Mr
Croker said he was very sorry about
President McKinley and" he anxiously in
quired for the latest news regarding the
President's condition.
The". Lord Mayor has addressed to Em
bassador Choate the following communi
cation:
PABIS, Sept 7.— The Americans
In Paris and the French people
learned the new* of the at
tempt on the life of President
McKInley when they opened
their newspapers at the break
[ fast table this morning:. Even
. the United States Embassa£or, General
\ Horace Porter, was not aware until
; to-day of the tragedy that had . been
. enacted In Buffalo. He retired early last
; evening:, being fatigued and not feeling
¦ well, and he was not disturbed In the ab
sence of ah official dispatch. '¦..'.
A. dispatch was sent to President Lou
' bet. vrno Is at Ramboulllet. late last night
• and It was not delivered until to-day.
The news epread through Paris with the
rapidity of a whirlwind and It was dis
onssed to the exclusion of every other
; topic, not merely by Americans but bv
the Parisians. There are many Americans
¦topping In Paris for a few days on their
way home from other European countries,
and every hotel courtyard had Its group,
earnestly discussing the news. The United
States embassy and consulate were be
sieged by callers seeking information,
while In front of the New York Herald's
office was a great crowd awaiting bul
letins of the latest condition of the Presi
dent.
Expressions of sympathy from French
men are emanating from every side. From
the highest to the lowest every one io
anxious to express deep regret and ab
horrence at the crime. President McKin
ley's name and character are quite famil
iar to the Parisians. His honorable ca
reer and democratic character have fre
quently been dwelt upon by the press and
have made him popular here. A majority
of the newspapers published portraits this
morning of Mr. and Mrs. McKInley.
Czar to Be Well Guarded.
Everywhere In Paris Americans congre
gated at hotels, cafes and other public
places to-night and the sole subject of
-conversation continued to be the attempt
•upon President McKinley. The more re
assuring cablegrams received this even
ing, when they became known, caused the
liveliest satisfaction. United States Em
bassador Porter's latest advices Inspired
him with hope that Mr. McKinley's robust,
constitution would pull him through. Dis
patches from the provinces show that the
news of the crime created a profound im
pression throughout the country.
Many points of resemblance are found
In the manner In which yester
day's crime was carried out and
the assassination of President Car
not- Parisians are now discussing the
effect the outrage will have upon the visit
of Eraperor Nicholas and it Is universally
realized that the crime will have an im
portant bearing upon the arrangements
for his reception. Whatever might have
been the possibilities before, it is now con
sidered out of the question that. the Czar
will come to Paris, while during his stav
In France he will be surrounded by a
hedge of steel, so that any attempt upon
his life is already doomed to failure. The
ordinary public will not be allowed to get
anywhere near him, and the number cf
tickets issued by the Ministry of the In
terior, which will pass the holders into
the various inclosures where they wlli be
able to approach the Czar, will be cur
tailed. Photographers will be kept at a
cafe distance.
The Temps publishes a dispatch eaying
that the outrage will cause the precau
tions for the Czar's safety to be redoubled.
The police, the dispatch says, have
already refused to allow the municipality
of Bheims to erect spacious tribunes along
the route over which the Czar will pass
for the use of the councilors of the de
partment and the ordinary public and it
is feared the police will refuse to author
ize the erection of similar projected stands
tipon the streets of Compeigne.
Crime Was Without Excuse.
The Journal des Debats says of the
Buffalo eh^oting: "The crime was sense
less. It is sufficient to say that it was
the act of ?>n anarchist. We do not for
get that President McKinley In his second
Inauguration speech extended to Frapce
the favored nation treatment. Our sym
pathy goes &ot to J£r. McKinley, not only
because bejs the G^ad of a friendly na
tion, but uscausg we consider him a
friend."
The Tenr=^ r«Jiws President McKin
ley's imperXIirito policy and then speaks
of his recent au'urfions to reciprocity, say
ing: "We da act know whether the Sen
ate would have supported him or not. or
¦whether the trusts and syndicates would
not have raised the standard of revolt
As to the conquests of the Philippines,
Cuba and Porto Rico, it is certain that
every day reveals more contradictory and
tmsolvable embarrassments, and the role
of Mr. McKinley has been far from en
viable."
General Porter said: "It is appalling to
think that this miscreant should strike
down such a man. whose high moral char
acter and political Integrity endear h!m
to all his fellow countrymen. Something
must be done to disarm the dastardly as
sassins. The system by which the Presi
dent of the United States is allowed to
•.-ontinually expose himself to the hand of
ihe assassin must be modified and greater
protection given him."
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts arrived
In Paris yesterday from a trip to Russia
and Germany. He heard the news this
morning and said to a correspondent:
• "I am aghast. It seems incredible that
he. the representative of a free country
and himself so deservedly popular, should
be chosen for the sacrifice by these an
archistic fiends. I agree with General
Porter that our Presidents should be sur
rounded by greater protection and the
severity of the laws against anarchists
fehould be increased."
.Anxiety of Americans in London.
Foreign Diplomats First
to Give Expression
to Their Grief.
Press Is Unanimous in
Denouncing Cowardly
, Assault.
Sympathetic flessages
Pouring in Upon the
White House.
King Edward Eagerly
Seeks the Latest
Bulletins.
Statesmen Send
Expressions of
Regret.
Prayer Goes Up
That Chief Be
Spared.
NATION
AWAITS
IN HOPE
SORROW
OF ALL
EUROPE
SINCERE GRIEF IN CHRISTIAN LANDS
THE SAN: FEANCISCO7 CAXiti, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901,
24THE PROFESSIONAL ANARCHIST
WHOSE PUPJL ATTEMPTED TO
ASSASSINATE THE PRESIDENT.
Continued on Pag£ Thirty-two*
Will Pray for His Recovery.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Sept. 7.— Governor
John Walter Smith this "afternoon issued
a proclamation calling upon good citi
zens of Maryland to join in giving thanks
for the escape of President McKinley
from Immediate death at the hands of an
assassin and praying for his restoration
to health. Tuesday of next" week . is . the
day appointed by the Governor.
"I am in correspondence with the stats
authorities of three European countries,
who have written to me saying that their
secret service men have found that plans
to assassinate conspicuous political fig
ures in their respective countries have
recently been hatched In Paterson. I will
•not give the names of the heads that are
supposed to be thus- threatened, for- that
would defeat my scheme to ascertain
whether the murderous, plots were really
originated inr New Jersey. But I am de
termined that- the name of ¦ New Jersey
shall no longer be associated abroad or at
home with such dastardly plots."
"Certainly the time has come for us to
call a halt to anarchy and all anarchists
in this country. This incubation of red
handed a*ssassins and king-killers on
American soil has gone too far. It will
be stopped in New Jersey. I can give
that assurance here and now.
"A law is being prepared and will be
enacted by the next Legislature beyond
the remotest shadow of a. doubt that will
till the bill completely. It will allow us to
prosecute participants in any conspiracy
in New Jersey that results. directly or in
directly in the assassination of any ruler
the world over, or the murder of any
person In or out cf Xew Jersey. The
conspirators will be treated as accessories
before the fact and the charge will be
murder. If convicted they will suffer Just
the same punishment as if they were con
victed of aiding and abetting In any or
dinary case cf murder.
NEW YORK, Sept. ".-The World to
morrow (Sunday) will print a statement
from Governor Foster M. Voorhees of
New Jersey, in which he says:
the Activity of An
archists.
Law to Be Passed Which Will End
GREAT WRATH
IN NEW JERSEY
"The fact that the wtound was received
as late as 4:10 p. m., probably some hours
after lunch and before dinner, the stom
ach being comparatively empty, is in his
favor. It is difficult to find statlstk-s
based on a large number of cases with
wounds of this character, but in a gen
eral way it may be said that recoveries
average about 50 per cent. With a ma:i
like -President McKinley. it Is safe to say
thafthe percentage of chances in his fa*
vor are much greater than this. Cases
with numerous perforations of the stom
ach and intestines, even accompanied by
wounds of the liver and kidneys, have re"
covered." •
In response to a request from the Asso
ciated Press for an "opinion as to the
probable result of the President's wound.
Surgeon General Wyman of the marine
hospital service said:
"The fact that the President was in
such good health: that skilled surgical
assistance -was immediately available*
that the necessary operation was net
postponed, and the fact that the percent
age' of recoveries in similar cases is large
all give ground for anticipating a favora
ble result.
BUFFALO, Sept. 7. — The operation upon
the President last night lasted almost an
hour. Ether was administered. A five
inch incision was made where the ball
entered the abdomen and Its course -was
followed until the physicians became sat
isfied that the kidneys had not, been
touched or -the intestines perforated and
that It had lodged probably In the muscles
of the back, where it could do no harm
for the present. The Intestines were lift
ed out through the incision and carefully
examined, and the utmost confidence ex
ists that there was no Injury. The physi
cians were exceedingly gratified at the
result and pronounced the operation a
complete success. '
Recovery of the Chief
Executive. ,
* Chances Seem to Be in Favor of the
NO INJURY
TO INTESTINES
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— President Mc-
Klnlcy's recovery would mean that his
would-be assassin could be confined In
prison for ten years, the maximum pen
alty of the Penal Code of New York
State. Two methods of procedure could
be adopted. The prisoner could be ar
raigned before a justice of Erie County
and could demand an . examination and
would have the right to counsel and time
to prepare his defense. The prisoner
could waive these formalities and elect to
go before the Grand Jury of Erie County.
The Grand Jury could then find an in-
Fate of the Assassin.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Chicago anarchists,
In response to a call issued three days
ago, held a meeting last night in a saloon
on West Chicago avenue and discussed
the attempted assassination of the Presi
dent. Men and women known to be as
sociated with the anarchists' movement
In the city were in the barroom. The at
tendance at the meeting showed that it
was no impromptu gathering. Over . 200
persons were gathered in Jthe hall. Three
daye ago the members of several societies
were notified that a celebration would
take place last night. The reason for the
issuance of the call for the meeting could
not be learned from those present. They
made no secret of the fact that they an
ticipated something of which they might
talk, however. Not a word of sympathy
for the man who was near his death was
heard at the meeting last night. Instead
there were speeches in which the name of
McKinley was mentioned only to bring
forth cries of condemnatidh. For the
name of the President's assailant there
were cheers.
All the speeches were in German, al
though at times some members of the
audience would give vent to their feel
ings in English. It was not until early
this morning that the meeting, broke up.
Chicago Anarchists Meet.
The family is Polish and evidently very
poor, the father having left home Satur
day morning looking for employment.
The stepmother cannot speak English,
but gave out the following interview
through the medium of an interpreter:
"Leon left home about sixty days ago.
We heard from him a few weeks ago. He
was then in Indianapolis and wrote to us
that he was going away, stating that In
all probability we would not see him
again."
The stepmother failed to recollect the
name of the city from which the letter
was received, but states that it was some
place in Indiana. The family had not
heard from him since. The stepmother
denies that Leon was a disciple of Emma
Goldman or in any way interested in her
doctrines. She said he was not interested
in such matters, and was scarcely Intelli
gent enough to understand them. They
had always considered the boy partially
demented. Up to three years ago he had
worked at the Cleveland Rolling Mill, but
had to quit on account of poor health.
Since that tima he has been Idle. While
living on the farm near Warrensville his
father had not asked Leon to work, hav
ing always considered him too weak for
manual labor. Regarding the shooting
of the President, Mrs. Czolgosz said:
"I can't believe that Leon is the one.
He was such a timid boy— so . afraid of
everything. Why, he was the biggest
coward vou ever saw in your life."
She also emphatically disclaims that the
boy everr displayed any anarchistic ten
dencies whatever. He was an admirer of
his brother, the Philippine soldier, and
liked his country, never showing the least
sign of discontent. Mrs. Czolgosz is an
intelligent looking woman, Lut failed to
show any decided emotion when confront
ed with the account of Leon's horrible
crime. The home is neat and cleanly, but
P paiil Czolgojz, the father, moved- Into
Cleveland two weeks ago to secure em
ployment. He has -not yet heard of his
son's crime. Two uncles also live in
Cleveland, one of them residing at 12
Hosmer street.
Statement of Stepmother.
who Is on his father's farm, located on
the Chagrin Falls suburban line, and Ja
son of Marion avenue.
' BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— The members of
.the diplomatic corps who have been in
the city, since- Wednesday started for
Washington on a special train to-night.
Diplomatic Corps Depart.
Paul Czolgosz, the father of Leon, was
seen at his home at 3?6 Fleet' street to
day. He did not appear to be deeply con
cerned ' over the enormity of his son's
crime and . was calmly stropping a- razor
with which he had .lust shaved himself.
His wife was busily engaged in her
household duties, from, which she de
sisted-to'aid in directing an officer to
the home of Waldak Baudurskl. Bau
durski Is said to be prominently identified
with a Cleveland, socialistic organization
and is a brother-in-law of Leon Czol
gosz. Baudurski .is employed at" the
works of the Cleveland Frog. and Cross
ing Company. Detective Sersreant James
Doran of the Cleveland . Police Depart
ment stated to-nlKht that rigid examina
tion of a couple of friends of Czolgosz to
day faileti to- reveal any Indication of a
plot to kill the President. Serareant Doran
said . he was still working hard on the
His recent letters to his family indicate
nothing unusual in his line of thought.
Recently the farm which his father
owned a few miles southeast of this city
was cold ar\d Leon's share of the pro
ceeds is still retained by the father, wait-
Ing for the. money to be claimed by the.
son: ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ -.
He has a brother, Jacob, who was In
jured by an explosion at the Sandy Hook
Navy Yard two years ago, and who has
since been retired on a Government pen
sion.' ) " ¦
The idea of a plot being hatched in this
city to kill the President Is not given
serious thought by the police nor by those
who • have known Czolgosz for the past
ten years. They regard his desperate
deed as the result of a sudden Inspiration
to do something to attract public notice.
Among his own brothers and sisters he
was considered "strange," and a sister
in-law not long ago commented upon his
childish conduct. ¦ ,
Shortly after coming to this city, fifteen
years ago, Leon's father started a saloon.
In the rear of which was a small building
used as a rendezvous and meeting place
for a dozen or fifteen" men who called
themselves anarchists. Leon was too
youngr to be a member of that' gang, but
he was a great listener to the harangues
that these men indulged in. and they
probably had some effect on his youthful
mind. • • ¦ ¦
Leon worked in a rolling mill for several
years, but the work was too hard for
him, and he left to so on Tils father's
farm. Then lung trouble developed, and
he finally became more or less of an idler,
his hefrith never gaining robust condition.
His effeminacy was the cause of more
or less comment among his acquaintances.
Finally he, left home and became a wan
derer. The last definite information from
him was a letter received from West Sen
eca, N. Y., written on the loth of July.
That letter was written to the secretary
of a fraternal society in Cleveland and 'was
for the purpose of paying his monthly
assessments. So far as his relatives and
friends know, he has been nowhere else
than in West Seneca since that date.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 7.— Perhaps to no
one else Is the would-be assassin of Pres
ident McKinley more a surprsle than to
those who knew Leon Czolgosz during
his residence of a half-dozen years or
more in the southeastern end of this city.
The unhappy inmate of a home from
which his mother had been taken by
death, he never got along with his father's
second wife, and acted more or
less the stubborn boy in his re
lations with her. During this time
his father lived on a .farm with his
large family of seven boys and two girls.
Leon was not active in farm work, seem
ing to despise it as the drudgery incident
to life. '
Weak Youth of No Im
portance.
Known at His Father's Home as a
CZOLGOSZ'S ACT
CAUSES SURPRISE
"If the President should be spared to
the American people it is to be feared the
assassin can be convicted for no higher
crime than an assault with intent to kill.
Having regard for the immense conse
quences which follow the assassination of
a President, an attempt upon his life,
whether successful or unsuccessful, ought
In my judgment to be punished as. high,
treason ¦with death."
CALL BUREAU. 140S G STREET, N.
W.i WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Plunged In
bitter grief by the dastardly crime In
Buffalo, one clear note in Washington's
general discord of woe Is the demand that
assassins banded under the name of anar
chists be crushed as ruthlessly as one
crushes other venomous things; that every
"red" now blotting this land be tounted
from It!
Discussing the punishment provided by
the statute for an attempt upon the Ufa
of a President of this republic, James M.
Beck, acting Attorney General, said there
is no statute which makes an attack
upon the President's life any graver of
fense than such an attack upon any other
citizen.
"'It is passinsr strange," said Mr. Beck,
"that notwithstanding the fact that two
Presidents have been assassinated and at
tempts have been made upon the lives of
two more no ".aw has ever been passed to
place an attempt on the life of the Presi
dent on. the same plane as high treason.
Where such an attempt had no reference
to the Presidential office and was commit
ted within the territorial limits of a State
there might be some question as to the
power of Congress to legislate, but where
it is clear that the attempt has been made
not upon the individual, but upon the.
President, for the purpose of promoting"
anarchy and thus subverting government,
the right of the Federal Government to
protect its chief executive seems to be too
clear for question.
the President Should Be
Treason.
Suggestion Is Hade That Attack oxs
WOULD CRUSH
THE ANARCHISTS
"Seme of the men, 1 learned,- have
served terms In prisons in their native
countries for attempted crimes, inspired
by their anarchistic beliefs. • The Free
Society, published by Isakk, I have
learned, was formerly issued on the Pa
cific Coast, and it was only recently that
IsaKk opened an orflce here.".
Captain Colicran said the prisoners
would be held pending a further exam
ination to-day. •
The examination of the prisoners lasted
until early this morning, but the police
refused to make public what information
had been secured. Captain Colleran,
chief of the detective bureau, however,
gave out the following:
"The raid was made In consequence of a
telegram from secret service officers in
Euffalo asking us to investigate and learn
the whereabouts of the headauarters of a
paper known as the Free Society. We
traced the owner to the house at 515 Car
roll avenue, and there found the persons'
arrested, apparently in the midst of an
important meeting. All of the prisoners
admit tliey are anarchists, and do not
hesitate to say that they have no regard
lor the laws as now enforced. , ¦
CHICAGO. Sept. 7.— The names of the
men arrested last night on the charge of
being implicated in the plot to assassinate
President McKinley are: Abraham Isakk,
Abraham Isakk Jr., Nippolyte Havel,
Henry Trcvegilo, Clemens Pfeutzner and
A'fred Schneider.
dictment for assault in the first degree,
act of Congress prescribing a penalty
for offen&es against the person of the
President or other United States officials
would, according to legal authorities, take
precedence of the Penal Code of 'the State
of New York in the case of the man who
made the attempt on President McKin
ley's life. A search of the enactment
has been made by Congress. It would
not be impossible to inflict any greater
punishment on the anarchist Czolgosz by
any act of the Legislature fixing a more
severe penalty for an attempt on the life
of the President. The death of the Presi
dent would result in the trial of the as
sailant for homicide, and his conviction
would mean death in the electric chair.
Moran Is not inclined to believe that the
shooting of President McKinley yester
day was the result of a conspiracy. He
believes it was the individual act of
Czolgosz. At the same time he is tak
ing steps to have the secret service men
co-operate with the local detective and
police forces at all cities where Czolgosz
has lived with a view to ascertaining
whether any anarchistic organization was
involved in the crime.
Chief of the Secret Service Wilkie was
at his summer home in Wisconsin yester
day when the President was shot. Mo
ran telegraohed him at once, and he left
on the next train for Washington, where
he will arrive to-morrow or Monday.
Major Richard Sylvester, superintend
ent of the Washington police, and Presi
dent of the Police Association of the
United States and Canada, took the first
steps to-day designed to bring about the
co-operation of police officials to securs
the enactment of laws which will ena
ble anarchistic societies and Individuals
to«be dealt with more effectually. He sent
a letter to the board of directors of the
association to-day urging- that members
give this matter close and careful con
sideration, and offer such suggestions aa
will enable the association to act ef
fectually.
FAMILY PHYSICIAN. OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY, WHO IS AMONG
THE NOTED DOCTORS IN CONSTANT ATTENDANCE UPON THE
WOUNDED CHIEF EXECUTIVE AT BUFFALO. '
"It is incorrect, as has been stated, that
the least fear of an assault was enter
tained by .the Presidential party. It has
been my custom to stand . back i of the
President and just to his left, so that I
could see the right: hand of every .person
approaching, but yesterday. I was re
quested to stard opposite the President
so that Mr. Milburn could stand at the
left and introduce the people who ap
proached. In that way I-was unable to
get a good look at ; every one's right hand.
"A few moments before Czolgosz ap
proached a ir.an "came along with three
fingers of bis, right hand tied up in a
bandage and he had shaken hands with
his left. When Czolsosz came up I no
ticed he was a boyish looking fellow with
an Innocent ¦ face, perfectly calm, and I
also noticed that his ..-. right hand was
wrapped in v/hat appeared to be a band
age.- I watched hrfn closely but was in
terrupted by the man in front of him,
who held on to the .President's hand an
unusually long time. This man appeared
to be an Italian and wore a short, heavy
black mustache. He^was persistent, and
it was necessary for me to push him along
so that the others could reach the Presi
dent. Just as he released the President's
hand and as the PresidenUwas reaching
for the hand ; of the assassin there were
two quick shots. Startled for a moment,
I looked and saw the President draw his
right hand up under his coat, straighten
up and pressing his lips togethei give
Czolgosz . the most scornful and con
temptuous look possible to imagine.
,-VAt the- same time ,1 reached for the
young man and caught his left arm. The
big negro standing just back of him, and
•who would have been next to take. the
¦'¦•¦¦* ¦' ; * ' . ¦'- ¦ » ¦
Method of the Assassin.
In an interview Secret Service Detective
Ireland, who with Qfiicer Gallagher was
near the President when the shots were
fired, said:
"This man has admitted shooting the
President. He says he Intended to kill;
that he had been planning to do it for
the last three days— since he came here.
He went to the Temple of Music with
murder in his heart, intending to shoot to
kill. He fixed up his hand by tying a
handkerchief around it and waited his
turn to get near the President. When he
KOt directly in front of the President he
fired. He says he had no confederate
that he was entirely alone in the plarr*
ning and execution of this diabolical act.
He says he is a believer in the theories
propounded by Emma Goldman, whom he
heard several times. He does not believe
in our form of government, and therefore
he deemed it his duty to get rid of the
President."
To a reporter. District Attorney Penney
gave the substance of Czolgosz's confes
sion, as follows:
The prisoner was kept secluded to-day,
and as a result of a suggestion from Sec
retary of War Root the police inquiry
will be as soon as possible. No one is
permitted to see the prisoner other than
his immediate rustodians, and his confes
sions, taken down in writing, will not be
made public, for the present at least. The
prisoner has not retained counsel, and
when the subject was mentioned to him
to-day he said he did not desire a lawyer
to defend him. The police said that when
he got over, the idea that he was -& great
hero among his fellow anarchists he
would very likely resort to the usual
means to avoid punishment for his crime,
whatever time shows it to be. No one
who ever knew him made application to
see him to-day, and no word came to
him from his relatives. He had a couple
of dollars when r.rr^sted. and to-day
asked that it be expended for a new
shirt. His request was granted, and he
spent some time in rearranging his dress.
The police made another search of his
room and effects but found nothing that
would throw any light on the crime.
The police said to-night that they had
made no other arrests and that they had
none In contemplation. It is evident that
they have not made much progress to
ward the establishment of their theory
with material evidence, and that their
chief reliance at present is on a confes
sion from the prisoner. Czolgosz's trail
has been taken up at Cleveland and it is
expected that inquiry there will let in
some valuable 'light as to his companions
and possible fellow conspirators.
The general theory now held by the de
tectives is that a circle of Czolgosz's as
sociates plotted the murder of President
McKinley. and that he was picked by lot
or induced by persuasion to carry out the
conspiracy. They say that he lacks the
shrewdness to have planned and executed
the crime as he did.
In addition to the examination to which
the prisoner was subjected city and Fed
eral detectives spent the day in scouring
the city for some trace of possible con
federates. They took up the trail of the
prisoner from the day of his arrival and
partially completed an outline of his
movements up to the commission of tne
crime. They did not succeed in connect
ing him with any of the socialists who
make their home here, and by nightfall
had about abandoned the theory that he
was assisted by any. one.. here._ They also
showed an inclination to give up the be
lief that a confederate preceded the pris
oner In the reception line leading up to
the President, but work along that line
had not been abandoned.
Search for the Confederates.
The admission that he had discussed the
crime In advance with friends was finally
drawn from him, but there he stopped
and could riot be 'moved.' He was In the
hands of a group of shrewd examiners
and they set trap upon trap. to catch him,
but the effort to break him down failed.
The police say that in the end, when he
comes to a true appreciation ot his posi
tion,' he will break down and confess. In
reviewing his confession he made open
avowal of his belief in anarchy and said
that he had merely' done his duty as he
saw it.
When he was first brought before Su
perintendent of Police Bull and District
Attorney Penney he was not disposed to
talk very freely, and when a.question was
put to him took ample time to weigh his
answers deliberately. He mixed, with his
answers some philosophy of the desperate
political sect to which he belongs and
seemed to be posing. Later his tongue
loosenea somewhat and by the close of
the afternoon he talked freely.
• . his cell and locked him up for
the night. The lengthy examination of
the prisoner was fruitless, save in so' far
as his own individual fate Is concerned,
for while he told nothing that would im
plicate any one else in his crime, he went
over the scene' at the Temple of Music
when he shot the President again and
again, completing a confession as ample
as the law ever exacted. . He even- went
to the extent of illustrating to the officers
the manner in, which he shot the Presi
dent and told with manifest pride how he
deceived the President and his protectors
with the bandaged hand that held the re
volver.
- . UFFALOl Sept. 7.— Leon Czol
§ ' - J gosz ' underwent six hours of
. t^^^^ examination . and questioning
I . at the hands of' the police offl
fflii i to-day and was tired out
when they led him back to
Officials Compel Man to
Give an Account of
Himself.
Declares That He Is
Great Admirer of
Anarchy.
Feared He Might Miss Him.
"I tried to grt near him, but the police
forced me back. They forced everybody
back so that The. great ruler could pass.
I was close to the President when he got
into the grounds, but was afraid to at
tempt the assassination because there
were so many men in the bodyguard that
watched him. 1 v.as not afraid of them or
that I should get hurt, but afraid I might
be seized and ihat my chance would be
gone forever.
"Well, he went away that time and I
went home. On Wednesday I went to the
grounds asid stood right near the Presi
dent, rig-lit uncVr him near the stand from
which he spoke I thought half a dozen
times of shooting while he was speaking,
but I couid not g-ei. close enough. I was
afraid I might miss and then the great
crowd was aiwayp jostling and I was
afraid lest my aim fsli. I waited Wednes
day and the President got into his car
riage again and a lot of men were about
him and formed a cordon that I could not
fet through. J wes tossed about by the
crowd and my spirits were getting pretty
low. I was almost hopeless thai night as
I went home.
"Yesterday morn'rg I went again to
the exposition gro-jnas. Emma Goldman's
speech was still burning me up. I waited
near the central entrance for the Presi
dent, who was to board his special train
from that gate, but the police allowed
nobody but the President's party to puss
where the train waited, so I stayed at the
grounds all day v.aitir.g.
Treabled Before Crime.
"During yesterday I first thought of
Wdir.g xny pistol under my handkerchief.
I was afraid if I had to draw it from my
pocket I would b<? seen and seized by the
guards. I got to the Temple of Music
the first one rnu waited at the spot
where the reception was to be held.. Then
he came— the President, the ruler— and I
got in line and trembled and trembled
until I got right up to him and then I
chot him twice through my white hand
kerchief. I would have fired more but I
¦was stunned l.y a blow in the face, a
frightful blow that knocked me down,
and then everybody, jumped on me. I
thought I womc! be killed and was sur
prised the way they treated me."
Czolgosz en led his story in utter ex
haustion. When he had about concluded
he was asked:
"Did you really mean to kill the Presi
dent?"
"I did," was the cold blooded reply.
"What was your motive, what good
could it do you?" he was asked.
"I an an anarchist. I am a disciple of
Emma Goldman. Her words set me on
fire," he replied, with not the slightest
tremor. "I deny that I have had an ac
complice at any time," Czolgosz told Dis
trict Attorney Penny. "I don't regret my
act, because I was doing what I could for
the preat cause. I am not connected with
the Paterson group or with those anarch
ists who sent Bresci to Italy to kill Hum
bert. I had no confidants; no one to help
me I was alone absolutely."
Emma Goldman's Malevolence.
Emma Goldman, the prophetess of the
"Reds." the woman who was sentenced
to serve a year in prison for "inciting to
riot" In 1S33, who has written books an-I
lectured in all the large cities of the Un
ion and who is even more rabid in dell
enee of the Government than Herr Most,
is an insignificant person In appearance.
She is below five feet in height and slen
der In build. She would be passed with
out notice in an ordinary throng. But
k. "when she mounts a platform to speak she
" trains attention at once. Her voice Is.
strong and clear, and her sincerity Is be
yond question.
Not only does she attract true anarch
ists but many rocialists to hear her ex
pound the principles of their faith. She
is fearless in denunciations, not stopping
short of sacrilege in abusing all forms of
government. In a recent speech she al
luded to the Diety as "the old gentleman
¦who employs full stomached idlers,
priests, rabbis and ministers to mind his
business." She attacks the press at every
opportunity and charges it with responsi
bility for most of the evils of society.
She has spoken mockingly of President
McKinley. as of every other head of a
nation or a government. Her hearers she
**alls "fools and slaves." and tells the
•workingman that he ought to be shot
down for not asserting his rights by force
if every other means fails. "Freedom,
freedom!" is her cry. and she figuratively
•waves a red flag and firebrand as she
pays it.
It was in October, 1S93. that Mis3 Gold
xnan was convicted in New York for in
citing to riot. She was sent to Black
wells Island and her term of imprison
ment was reduced to ten months on ac
count of good behavior. When she was
freed she wrote and sold an account of
• her Imprisonment and the manner in
¦which prisoners are treated on the Island.
Then she made a lecture tour, visiting
*>very large city from Boston to San
Francisco.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 7. — Later Informa
tion concerning the Identity ofCzolgosz
develops that he is the son of Paul Czol
poez. who it i* said now lives at 306 Fleet
street, this city. Other members of the
family are John, who lives at home with
his father and stepmother: Mike, a soldier
/ now cervine in the Philippines; Vladiolan,
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.-A special 13
the Daily News from Buffalo
says: The statement of Leon
Cscij-ot-s made to the police,
transcribed and signed by the
prisoner, i? a«? follow?:
"I was born in Detroit nearly
twemy-rJne years ago. My parents were
Russian Poles. They came here fcrty
two years ago. 1 got my education in the
public fchonip of Detroit and then went
to Cleveland, where I cot work. In
Cleveland I read books en socialism and
met a great many socialists. ,1 was pretty
jwell known as a socialist in the West.
After being In Cleveland for several years
I went to Chicago, where 1 remained
peven months, after which I went to New
burg, on the outskirts of Cleveland, and
went to work In the Newburg wire mills.
"During the last five years I have had
us friends anarchists in Chicago, Cleve
land, Detroit and other Western cities,
iind Lsuppcse I became more or less bit
ter. Yes, I know I was bitter. I never
had much luck at anything and this prey
ed upon me. It made me morose and en
vious, but what started the craze to liill
was a lecture I heard some little time
ago by Emma Goldman. She was in
Cleveland and I ar.d other anarchists
went to hear her. She set me on fire.
Her doctrir.e that all rulers should be ex
terminated v/as what set me to thinking.
t"o that my head nearly ppiit with the
pain. Miss Goldman's words went right
through me, and when I left the lecture
3 made up my mind that I would have to
do something heroic fcr the cause I loved.
"ElETht days ago, while I was in Chi
cago, I read in a Chicago newspaper of
President McKinley's visit to the Pan-
Ajnerican Exposition at Buffalo. That
oay I bought a ticket for Buffalo and got
here with the determination to do some
thing-, but I did not know just what. I
Thought of shooting the President, but I
bad not formed a plan. 1 went to live at
1078 Broadway, v.hich is a saloon and ho
tel. John Nowak. a Pcle, a sort of poli
tician, who has led his people here for
years, ojkns it. I told Xowak that I came
to see tne fair. He knew nothing about
what was ceiling me crazy. I went to
the exposition grounds a coujile of times
a. day.
"Not until Tuesday morning did the
resolution to shoot the President take
hold ot me. It was in my heart; there
was no escape for mo. I could not have
t-onquered it had my life been at stake.
There were thousands of people in town
on Tuesday. I heard it was President's
day. All these people seemed bowing to
the great ruier. I made up my mind to
kill that ruler. I bought 1 a 32-caliber re
volver and loaded it. On Tuesday night
I went to the fair grounds and was near
the railroad gate wherr the Presidential
party arrived.
The attendance af these meetings on
Sunday runs usually from fifty to a hun
dred persons, and the doctrines. of anar
chism and communism are freely dis
cussed. Strangers" are invited to attend
these meetings and participate in the de
bates with a view of making, converts.
Several rallying places are located about
the city, where the anarchists meet: at
odd times in small groups, but investig:i-
Uon fails to reveal any place other than
the foregoing where, the anarchists will
admit they meet a3 an organized body.
The local anarchist colony has been re
cruited mainly, from .European sources.
Many .who have: been forced to flee from
France. Germany, Russia, Italy and other
European countries have so far found a
safe haven in thlsv^dty.' The Eastern
States have furnished , a : small . qucta,
mainly of subjects that have been driven
from the, larger cities, at least fifty hav
ing come from Chicago -when. the polJca of
that city made it too hot for them. No
disturbance has so far been traced to the
anarchists here, as they have seemed sat
isfied tcrputiup with "present conditions,
rather than trifle with the -temper of the
people. . ¦ ¦"'.-.. ¦ ¦¦•¦;¦'-¦ — •. • . • , -.'.¦¦
President s hand, - struck ¦ the young man
in the 'neck with one hand and with, the
other reached for the revolver, which had
been discharged through the handker
chief."
"San , Francisco— Independent Debating
Club meets every Sunday, 2 p.m., at &J0
Market street. Free discussion."'
"The club has no regular officers or or
ganization, for we do not believe in that.
The chairman is drawn from the body of
the people, by the people themselves. Tile
meetings are open, and any one can com*?
and listen to our debates. Here we know
nothing of the plans. of other bodies of
so-called anarchists: We are anarchists?
who are studying the philosophy of our
doctrines and are satisfied that our theory
of government is the 'correct one. \Vo
eannot be responsible, for the actions of
an insane man, and we feel it is an in
justice to blame anarchists for all the
political 'crimes of a century.".
In the list of meetings of the recognized
anarchist- organizations that appear in
Free Society is the following:
"In San Francisco," said Rieger last
night, "there ire between 200 and 500 an
archists. ., We' have had that many to
gether at the times we celebrated the an
niversaries of the executions of the Hay
market martyrs in Chicago, and en the
occasions of the visits of Emma Goldman
and Herr Johann Most. We have no reg
ular organization in San Francisco, but
on Sundays the Independent- Debating
Club meets in Pythian Castle, and there
you will hear a j true exposition of an
archism.
Rieger is a small man with a tawny
beard, who .does not attempt to deny that
he is an anarchist, but rather glories in
the fact, claiming that Herbert Spencer
was the greatest anarchist the world ever
knew. .
At 232 Larkin street Richard Rieger con
ducts an unpretentious bookstore, where
all varieties of literature are dispensed.
He is the collector for a number of an
archist papers throughout the United
States, and especially for Free Society,
formerly the Firebrand, of Chicago, which
publishes hisr name among the list of its
agents who are authorized to receive and
receipt for subscriptions. There are other
journals of the same character for which
Rieger collects, and he says that during
the year he collects from about 200 per
sons.
Within a stone's throw of the City. Hall
is located the headquarters of the anarch
ists of San Francisco. It is In a little
bookstore, and its proprietor is as mild
mannered a man in conversation as ever
embraced the tenets of an organization
that makes murder its motto and Em
perors, Kings, Presidents and minor of
flcia's its subjects. Police officers pass the
place daily but as yet have not had cause
to descend upon the place whence the in
flaming literature of anarchism is dis
tributed.
Their Agent Disclaims All Connec
tion With the Plots to Com
mit Murder.
ANARCHISTS OF
SAN FRANCISCO
"Undoubtedly something could be done,
but I believe that the secret service should
be grreatly enlarged and given 'supervision
over groups-or bodies of men 'who plot
against the form of our gdvernment and
against the officials of the Government."
Acting Chief of the Secret Service
Assistant Secretary Ailles of the Treas
ury Department, when asked whether he
thought Congress could enact laws that
would reach anarchists in this country,
said:
Need for More Officers.
"Every one attending anarchist meet
ings should be taken out and, if aliens,
deported. If citizens, .they should be
promptly tried for their offense, but in
any event the authorities should prevent
the assembling of such characters. They
do not advocate- reform nor redress of
grievances of any kind. They applaud
murder, and the man who applauds mur
der is himself a murderer at heart and
should be punished."
"Immigration laws," he said, "can be
amended to exclude from landing in. this
country any one known to be an anarchist
and every immigrant should be obliged to
present a certificate from the municipality
in which he resides at home to the effect
that lie was a respectable, law-abiding
man, that he was not in any way identi
fied with any anarchist organization and
that he was of good character. In order
to make such a law effective representa
tives of the immigration bureau should be
stationed in foreign countries from which
immigrants come whose duty it should be
to examine carefully into the character of
immigration tending toward the United
States.
¦ "I recommended in my annual report
for the fiscal year 1900 that all persons
landing in this country be liable to de
portation during the term they reside here
before becoming naturalized, » or for the
period of five years. The law should be
so framed as to enable the authorities to
place the strong hand of justice upon
every anarchist who breeds / such senti
ments as Emma Goldman gave expression
to and deport them at once.
Greater Care Will Be Taken.
CALL BUREAU, -1406 G STREET, '
N. AV., WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.
¦ —Strong, efforts have " 'been
made to, induce Congress to
enact law* to v prevent - anar
: I ehlsts ' from coming Into the
j United States, but thus far
without success. . Probably the' strongest
movement in that direction was made
when . Governor : Stone ¦ of Pennsylvania
was a member of the House of Represen
tatives. A measure . advocated by him
specifically excluded anarchists as such
and provided various safeguards for iden
tifying them. . The measure was vigorous
ly opposed, some of the 'most* prominent
men in Congress identifying themselves
with the opposition, .on the ground that
the term "anarchist" was a general char
acterization. /•
Mr. Powderly, Commissioner of Immi
gration, in his annual reports, has asked
Congress to give him power- to exclude
anarchists as such, spying men prominent
In the anarchist groups of Europe had ar
rived at American ports from time to
time and that there was no means of
turning them -back as anarchists. The
only means of excluding them was under
some of the general provisions of the ex
clusion laws, as criminals or paupers, etc.,
•and as a rule it was impossible to fasten
crime or pauperism upon them. . -
Commissioner Powderly to-day was
asked if he thought the immigration laws
could be amended so as to reach those
who associate themselves with anarchistic
groups. .' ¦ • ' . -¦;•'.- : :
Czolgosz Tells the
Police of His
Crime
Be Ma de to Prevent the
THINKS
HE DID
A DUTY
ANARCHISTS FROM EUROPE
MUST BE REFUSED LANDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
Young Criminal Declares He Was Incited to Do the Deed
He Committed at the Buffalo Fair.
ANARCHIST SHOWS NO REGRET
FOR HIS ABOMINABLE CRIME
ASSASSIN IS NOW REJOICING IN JAIL
25FORM CHART OF FUTURITY STAKE;
Class Reserve stake, first round — Star Ken
nels* Blackhead beat VT. Creamer's Lily Wright,
6-2: George Sharman's Bowery Boy beat P.
Reilly's Lady Granard. 5-2: W. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurlick beat Pasha Kennels* Snapshot.
4-0; J. M. Halton's May Hempstead beat J. M.
Carroll's Cascade. 4-1: J. "Willis* Half Moon
beat W. J. Leonard's Daylight, 3-2; A. Vander
berg's Naughty Girl beat M. Nealon's Agamem
non, 3-1; M. Nealon's Aeneas beat F. Jones.
Galivant, 6-0; F. Schou's Xora Lawrence beat
Pasha Kennels" Rude Awakening:, 12-9: J. Ker
rigan's Adamantine beat Pasha Kennels' Ben
Klrby, 5-4; H. Perljfo's Controller beat J. A.
Klein's Coronado, 3-1; Chiarlnl Bros.' White
Hat beaf F. S. Price's Brutus. 4-0: Star Ken
nels' Fontenoy beat J. Kerrigan's - Barbara
Fritchle. 5-2: Chiarlnl Bros.' Master Workman
'In the class reserve stake the goes were
good. Sacramento Boy made his reap
pearance and <?!d well. "Wild Tralee re
turned to the game and did credit to him
self. The results of the reserve stake fol
low: . -
Tame Tralee and others of that litter
are strong candidates. Sir Pitt, too, is in
line and .quite a few tickets, bear his
name. Predictions, are that the finals will
be close, and hard fought. •
was .'against .the .big white dog. The re
sul't at the go sent the Aeolus stock up a
p£gf_and forced h'm a good strong choice.
The»fo««ten- one made a; great Impression
by his willingness and will have plenty of
backing the next time out.
i'u Th i r ?,^ 3 an un P r ecedented activity^ In
the building of churches In Chicago.
Dr. C. C. O'DonneH'3 name at the head
of the Union" Labor ticket would guaran
tee success to that party. . •
The Logical Candidate.
I ' Great celebration Admission day. Grand
parade, barbecue .and., .receptions.." $1.50
round trip,\ going Saturday afternoon",
Sunday and Monday morning. ; Everybody
will go. Informayon 613, Market street'.
Native Sons at San Jose.
The , preparations for, the Los Angeles
bench show are, proceeding with satisfac
tion to the managers. The show promises
to be the largest ever held in the south of
the State, and the selection of Charles
Sumner to judge, tho fox terriers. will un
doubtedly bring" out the banner entry. In
that ' breed. N. H.. Hickman will, it 'la
understood, send duwn his prize winner,
Norfo'.k Truman, and this will be the lat
ter's-first v appearance^ on the bench since
he passed into Mr. Hickman's hands.
Among other noted ~~ dogs, will V." be "John
Love Cunningham's great : Danes, Cham
pion Juanita, and Champion Ivan II, and
Charles .'Dresser will .compete against
these .with his- Bluebeard and Orchard
Trilby. / Mr. Dresser will also show a
couple of eight months old -puppies by
Bluebeard' out of Trilby, and .will; prob
ably exhibit a Harlequin. . C- A. Stod
dard.'.who was chosen, :o award the rib
-bons in the setter and pointer classes, will
be unable to serve, and Alec, Truman, the
well. known breeder of Irish setters, wit!
probably. act; in his stead. :; : -. --,
Los Angeles Bench Show.
The last semi-monthly ladies' night of the
Lurline Swimming Club was well attend
ed, the events being two heats of the 500
yard swimming' race, a water polo game
and fancy diving. E. O. Bozio won- the
first heat of the handicap swimming race
in 6:59, E. -C. Bonifield being second and
H. Seebach and. J. A. Jackson" also con
tending. In- the second heat the con
testants were E. C. Stolle, W. P. Stock
ton, P. Sunburg and H. Heinze. Stockton,
with sixteen seconds handicap, • won • in
seven seconds, Stolle being close up.
The water polo game, which was the
ninth of the tournament, was closely con
tested, the best play of the evening being
when E. L. Smith, s»e4ng that Goalkeeper
J. A. Jackson had : fallen into the tank,
stepped between the goal posts" in time
to prevent P. W. Huntingdon from scor
ing. Kennerson's- team. Including E. . L
Smith. J. A. Jackson, W. P. Stockton, E.
O. Bozio.- J. - A. Gedde3. T. C. Loomls. G
Harris, J. Barriclaw and H. B. Kenner
son, proved the winner.- The -next game
of the polo tournament and the final heat
of the 500.yard handicap swimming race
will bo held next Tuesday evening. .-
Lur lines Swim and. Dive.
Next Sunday the San Francisco Yacht
Club will hold a clam-bake at some point
on. the upper bay. As the festivity is in
tended for the benefit of non-ownln<*
members of *he club, all who intend to
go. are requested to notify Secretary W
M. Edgell so that room may be assigned
to them on one of the yachts. The fleet
will start next Saturday afternoon from
Sausalito. the dance scheduled for that
evening having been called off. W N
McCarthy's Ramona. has' not
yet returned from southern waters, aa
the.wlnds are light. The yachtsmen who
made the trip down to Santa Catalina re
turned to the city some time ago, and the
Thfqfol? P ein & br ? u^ht up by the crew
The Short Brothers' sloop. Emma, which
was injured on the day of the Perpetual
Challenge cup race by the tug Sea Queen
has been repaired, but will be unable to
enter he annual regatta to-morrow as
her , f£ 113 ,«""«* 'be made ready in time
and the old suit of the sloop Queen, which
it was Intended to; use. does not ht
W. Humphreys took a party of ladles
out for a cruise yesterday in the sloop
Mischief, making the moorings at Sausa
lito at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The
schooners Aggie, Chispa and Wave were
also under way, and the sloop Nixie start
ed on a cruise to include Admission day.
H. H. Jenness put a new boom on the
sloop Dewey yesterday, the old one hav
ing been snapped recently in. a hard blow
off Hurricane Gulch. He started yester
day evening on a cruise in the upper bay
and will return to Sausalito this after
noon.
The cruise of the San Francisco Yacht
Club to' Drakes Bay promises to be a
pitasant one. though the number of boats
taking Dart in it is smaller than was ex
pected. The yawl Royal left her moor
ings at Sausalito at 10 o'clock yesterday,
morning and dropped out of the heads on
the ebb tide. In the afternoon the sloop
Pactolus cruised over from Oakland Creek
and dropped anchor inside Point Bonita,
whence 'she will sail out Into the broad
Pacific when the tide turns at 9 o'clock
this morning. The sloops Cygnus and
Thetis will also sail out on the ebb tide
this morning:, and possibly the schooner
Chispa. On board the yawl Royal are W.
M. Edgell. "W. G. Morrow and two friends.
On the sloop Pactolus are Allen M. Clay,
R. L. Eames and othera.
Other Boats Will Drop Out on
Ebb Tide To-Day.
Yawl Royal Sailed Yesterday and
YACHTSMEN START ON
DRAKES BAY CBXJISZ
Again In the six-furlong run following
Ransch was very much In evidence. He
had the mount on Caesar Young's Eonic
J. Ransch finally managed to leave the
rr.r.ideii class, getting home first on Lap
idus, second choice in the first running
event at six furlongs. Ransch got away
first and. leading throughout, beat Lou
Clleveden a length. Burdock finished
third, with the favorite, Catherine Bravo,
b&ck in the ruck. Lost Girl and Clarando
•were left. ' . ¦ '
The favorite, ably handled by Jack
Groom, made short work of it, passing
off three pretty heats, always In the lead,
in 2:11J£. 2:10?; and 2 :10Vi. His faultless
p.ction. going without hobbles or other
paraphernalia with the exception of skin
boots, waa greatly admired, and he was
easily the star of the day.
W. G. Layng, who thinks he has in Sir
Albert S a coming two-minute horse, fell
heir to the $800 purse for the pacing num
ber, there being nothing able to dispute
the prowess of the Diablo horse. One or
two pools were sold, and that was all.
Neither did the Futurity, valued at
$2250, cause much excitement. Five very
ordinary two-year-olds lined up, the play
being confined chiefly to Ab Stemier'R
Divina, the 1 to 2 favorite. For a short
season only Royalty, the Sink entry, sput
tered out in the lead and then faded
away. When Russell on the favorite got
ready he assumed the front position,
beating Waterscratch and Doreen in rag
time.
A very tame affair was the Vinctor
stake, for all ages, at a mile. Only four
answered post call, and Vesuvian, carry-
Ing Kanscn and 122 pounds, had a 4 to 5
call in the ring. To a pretty start Hey
Dare and Vesuvian went out and made
the running for three-quarters of the trip.
When straightened out for the wire
Ransch let the favorite down and he
romped in the easiest sort of a winner in
1:42. two seconds slower than the time
made by Vinctor. Rey Dare, of whicn
much was expected, tired perceptibly, loa
ing the place to Byron Rose. Grafter and
Wardman were never in the hunt. .
As on previous days, the fields were
evenly balanced, furnishing very ' few
actual . contests. The pacing ¦ stake was
declared off, and Sir Albert S took the 2:17
class pace in a hop, step and jump, ut
terly outclassing the other starters. To
fill out six running events were placed on
the programme, of which number favor
ites won four and the books received a
slight touching up. J, Ransch finally
played in better saddle luck, finishing in
front astride the first three winners.
honored and a big howl went up from
some of the life members. One overzeal
ous holder of a membership attempted to
force his way through the gate and was
floored by one of the track police. It
would appear that holders of life member-
Khip tickets had been told to present the
eame at the F-street gate, where they
would be honored, but forgot to do so.
Thi« neglect caused the confusion.
SACRAMENTO. S*pt. 7.— Because
it wa3 "pay day" at Agricultural
Park this afternoon the attend
ance did not come up to expecta
tions. Compllmentarles were not
Knickerbocker Quartet.
Violin solo, andante et ellegro,' "Carater
isque" Allen
Melody In V ..'....Rubinstein
¦ . • ¦ Orchestra.
"Romar.za dl Azraeli" (The Prodlea! Son)
;... Ponchlelll
¦ < fciznor Castellano.
1 'A f rlcan Reverie' ' . ..... Newbor
Orchestra. '
"In Silent Mead" '.. Emerson
Knickerbocker Quartet.
Cornet solo, "Souvenir Waltz".... Head
"The Wedding of the Winds". Hall
• Orchestra.
PART II.
Intermezzo, "Haldec' ' .' .'.Loraine
Adagio "Sonata Pathetlque" Beethoven
Orchestra.
"Bolero" Geitle
Knickerbocker Quartet. . ¦ •
Violin solo. "Faust" Sintrler
String Quartet. '"Serenade" Schumann
"Angell Dei" .' Spettrino
Si;nor Kalassa.
"The Dream" Czibulka
, ' ' Orchestra. . ¦
Sextet! "Lucia di Lammermoor" Donizetti
"Le' Secret".... Ganter
Orchestra. ¦
"Good Night" ..:.. Buck
'\ ' Knickerbocker Quartet.
Finale Orchestra
Organization. _
The programme to be given at the ben
efit concert of the Francesca Relief So
ciety, to be held Tuesday, September 10,
will be as follows:
"March Pontificate" Hardy
'•While 1 Have You" Perks
Interesting Programme to Be Given
in Aid of Local Charity
BENEFIT CONCEBT OF THE
FE.ANCESCA RELIEF SOCIETY
INCIDENTS OF THE DAT AT THE STATE FAIR AT. SACRAMENTO.
WHERE THE HORSEMEN AND STOCK RAISERS ARE DIVIDING
THE DAY WITH THEIR OWN SPECIAL PASTIMES AND SHOWS.
full. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. K.
Detroit 9 9 1
Baltimore 2 10 2
Batteries— Seiver and McAllister; McGlnnlty,
Nops and Bresnahan.
CLEVELAND, Sent. 7.— Crystall'* wildneiis
lost the game for Cleveland to-day. Attend
ance, 3000. Score:
R. II. E.
Cleveland 4 9 2
Philadelphia 7 10 2
Batteries— Cry»tall and Wood; Plank and
Powers. .
' . nity Is Knocked Out of
the Box.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON", Sept. 7.— Boston won two iranws
to-day. In the flrst the Cincinnati)! could do
nothing with Dlneen's pitching. Hahn's wild
ness was responsible for two of the Boston's
runs. Btlmmel pitched wonderful ball for the ,
eecond game. After two were out three suc
cessive hits scored the winning run for Bos
ton. Attendance, 5500. ¦ Scores:
First Game— R. H. E.
Boston '....4 "• ¦¦ 1 2
Cincinnati 1 2 2
Dlneen and Klttredge; Hahn and Peitz. I'm
pire—Brown.
Second Game-j-' . R. . H. E.
Boston ;....'...,. 2 . 4 ; 0
Cincinnati — 1 6 2
Plttlnger and Moran; Stimmel and Feltz. 1
Umpire — Brown. . . . ; ' . ¦
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— New York. won to
day's game from St. Louis by. timely batting.
Attendance, 1EC0. Score: , . '*
•. ¦ R. H. E.
New York .' •• » 13 .3
St. Louis ¦ 2 6 0
Taylor and Bowerman: Powell, Ryan and.
Nichols. Umpire— Snyder.
¦ BROOKLYN. Sept. 7.— Brooklyn took both
games from Chicago to-day by superior play-
Ing. Attendance, 25C0. Scores:'
First Game— ,-'¦-- ¦ .R- H. E.
Chicago — 0 ¦ 2 ; X
Brooklyn ..., 3 9 °
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; Donovan and
McGuire. " • . -
Second Game— ¦ ' ' R. H. E.
Chicago • ...........2 14 -,- 4
Brooklyn .. 8 16 , --1
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; Newton and
¦ Farrell. Umpire— Nash. • ¦
PHILADELPHIA,' i Sept. 7.— The PhlllWs
pourded Philllppi In the first Inning and made
enough runs to .win to-day's game.. After that
he settled down and the home team couM do
nothing with him. Attendance 13,000. Score: .
R. ?H. • e.
PIttsburg .*.:........... 1- "- ''4 ¦• 0
Phila<lelphia ••¦? ' • 10 °
Batteries— Phillippl and Connor; Qrth and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslie. . .; . .
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
j CHICAGO,- Sept. 7.— The locals won to-day's
game by hard hitting, Callahan keeping the
visitors guessing all the time. . Attendance,
430O. Score: . : . . ; .
¦R. H. . E.
Chicago 4.r 12. 1
Boston .'..... ..:..... 1- » , .1
Batteries— Callahan and Sullivan: Lewis and
Criger. . /. .' . : ; '"_ ¦ , ' ,. „ ' .- .
V MILWAUKEE. ', Sept. : . 7.— Washington .^won
easily to-day, hitting Sparks and. Hustlng at
will.- The game was called at the end of the
seventh inning on account cf darkncs3. . At
tendance, 500. Score: .. - : .. . -. . ,
" .'¦¦:, -': '. ¦ ¦ ¦-.- : '"..,- XR:"-,H. .E.
Milwaukee .... l 8,i.- 10 -. ... 7
Washington' :............ 20 •; 15 2
Batteries— Sparks, , Hustins: ¦ and Maloney;
Lee ; and Clarke. ¦'¦;¦'.'. ; - . / "
• DETROIT, Sept. 7.— Detroit knocked Mc-
Ginnity out of the box' in " the | sixth inning,
when Dillon hit along double with the bases
Boston Wins Double-Header— McGin-
SCORES OF BASEBALL
GAMES IN THE EAST
IF their work in the rundown is a cri
terion, the dogs that are .-still, in the
Futurity. stake?, which. Is now.In pro
gress at Union Park, will make the
finishing louhds of the event more
than interesting, to say the. least. The'fa
vored ones, with few exceptions, came up
to expectations. True, Amadee, one of
the strongest in choice, was put out, and
a course or two went wrong for the wise
ones, but as a rule the' odds were figured
about right.
¦Freeze Out. the stake favorite, did not
.run with that dash which has character
ized her previous performances, and
though explanations were freely offered
the tendency of her backers to break
away was manifested after her showing.
It was given ou.t that because of having
nothing to beat in the rundown she was
eased up in her work, but will be fit and
ready to-day. Cold Shivers, her brother,
has gained a following and is a good sec
ond choice.
Probably the most interesting of the
goes was that between Aeolus and Royal
Archer. The brindle youngster was choice
at 4 to 1, but there was enough Archer
money to maku the talent cut the price
a bit. Though Aeolus showed fast and
clever, what luck there was In the course
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth, selling,
purse $250— J. McGovern's ch. m. Torsida. a,
by Torso- Judith (Russell, 105). even, won;
Pilot, b. g., 4. by Morello-Adelalde (Burlin
game, 100). 8 to 1. second; Miss Vera, b. in., 3,
by Amigo-Famc (Howson), 2 to 1, third. Time,
l:4SVi. Alicia 85, Frank Duffy 103 and Rinaldo
98 also ran. - . • ¦
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling, purse $200—
H. Whitman's rh. g. Fine Shot, 4. by Foul
Shot-BalKOwan-Dlgnity (Burlingame, 105). 7 to
2. won; Toribio, ch. ,g., 6, by Apache-Marlon
(Russell. 105) 4 to 1, second: Klrst Shot. b. g.,
4 by Foul Shot-Gratitude (Ransch,' 105), 7 to
5, third. Time, 1:01 V4- Swiftwater 105. Gold
Baron 105, S<?a Spray 105. Pegalong 99, Nettie
Clark 105, Blue Bell 105 and Galene 105 also
ran. ; f.i |
Fifth race, six furlongs. Futurity stake for
foals 1809. value $22iO— A. J. Ptemler's b. f.
Divina, 115, by Bassetlaw-Angelete (Rupsell),
1 to 2, won; Waterscratch, br. g., IIS, by
Watercress-Helen Scratch (Foucon), 7 to 1,
second; Eoreen, b. f., 115. by Torso-Decoy Duck
(Ranpch). 5 to 2, third. Time, 1:14. Royalty
115 and Torso Maid 110 also ran.
Fourth race, Vlnctor stake, mile, value $660 —
W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. h. Vemivlan, 4, 122,
by St. Andrew-Hot Springs (Ransch), 4 to c,
won; Byrpn Rose, ch. g., 3, Vfl, by Ducat-Rose
of Magenta (Logue), 4 to 1, second; Rey Dare,
br. g.. 3. 107, by Kl Klo Rey-Lady Dare (Kus
tell), 3 to 2/ third. Time, 1:42. Grafter 107
and Wardman 107 also ran.
Third race, r\x furlongs. Felling, purre $2.W—
C. Young's ch. f. Eonle, 3, 99, by Eon-M<?rmald
(Ransch), 2 to 5, won; Mamie Hildreth. b. f.,
3. SB, by Thornhlll-Mamie H (Howmn), 6 to 1.
pecond; Mike Ktrausx, br. g., 4, 105, by Iro
quofs-Gyj sy (McUermott), 5 to 1, third. Time,
l:li%. I'h>Kon 105, Kitty Kelly 1C2, and Gusto
105, also ran.
Second race, six furlong's, selling, purse f22"i:
W. B. JennlngH & Co.> b. c. Lapldus, 100, by
Star Ruby- Pearl V (Ransch). 5 to 2. flrst; Lou
C!fev<vlen, 100. ch. m.. by ClIeveden-MiHts Lou
(Ho-»-son), 6 to 1, second. Time, 1:14*4. Mike
(Howsor.), 6 to 1, second; Burdork, 102, br. %.,
by Nat. Byrn*h-Abra Daly (Ashley), 20 to i.
third. Time. 1:14V4- Mike Rice 115, Lost Girl
105, Catherine Bravo 102. Sol 90, Little Sinter
V) and Clarando 108. also ran.
(Groom) 1 11
Kl Diablo, ch. ?., hy Diablo (Farrar) 2 2>2
Our Boye" Sister, ch. m., by BaywooM
(Bunch) 3 3 3
Gaff Topsail, ch. h., by Diablo <Smlth).4 4 d.
Diobleta, b. m., by Diablo (Dwaln) 5 din.
Time— 2:11%, 2:10%. 2:1014.
Backers of Torsida. favorite for the
closing mile and a sixteenth run, had a
clore call. Pilot, with Burlingame In the
s.'iddle, cut out the pace, and it was only
on the last couple of strides that the out
sider was nabbed and beaten a head. Miss
Vera. second choice, ran Into the show.
Summary:
First race, pacing, 2:17 class, heats 3 in 6,
purse $S0O:
Sir Albert S, b. g.. by Dlablo-Effle Logan
Fifth on the menu was a : five-furlong
scramble for which ten iaced the barrier.
First Shot, the mount of J. Ransch, held
the honors of favoritism, but after lead
ing to the stretcb, blew up. Burlingame
brought Fine Shot along on the putside
and. ridden out, downed Toribio more
than a length in 1:01%. The favorite ran
third.
a 2 to 5 chance, and the filly simply
breezed in first. Mike Strauss, the run
ner-up, tired In the stretch, losing the
place to Mamie Hildreth. " Kitty Kelly did
nor cut much of a figure.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reltz, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 '3 • 0
Hutchlnson. lb ..... 4 1 2 0 It 10
Atherton, rf ......... 4 10 0 0 0 0
Householder, cf ~i. ..-*'— 1 0. .i © .' 3 0 :.-r.O
C. Reilly. 3b 2 0 10 0 6 1
Bowman. If 4 1 0 0 0 0 .1
Kelly, ss 4 0 2 0 3 1 0
Spies, c '.'. 3 0 10 5 10
Hale, p 3 0 0 .0 0 3 0
•Moore 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0
Totals .'..32 4 6 0 27 15 2
•Batted for Hale in the ninth inning.
SAN FRANCISQO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, cf 4 110 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 110 3 0 0
Pabpt. lb' 4 0 0 . 0 • 11 - 1 .. 0
Schwartz, rf 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hildebrand, If 4 0 0 0 3 o o
Shay, ss 3 0 .0 0 3 5 0
Krug, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 11
J. Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Iburg, p 3 11 0 1 3 I)
Totals .33 3 4 0 »25 13 2
•One out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .0 0 0 00000 4-4
Base hits 100 0 1011 2— C
San Francisco 1 0 1 0 0.0 0 1 0— i
Base hits 10200001 0—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 1. Home run—
Ibursr. Three-base hit— Spies. Two-base hits —
Hutch1n«on. Wilson. Kln»t base on errors— San
KranclFco 2, lx>s Angeles 2. First huge on
called balls— San P'ranclsco 1, I. oh Angeles 3.
I/Oft on bases— San Francisco 4, Lor Angeles 7.
Struck out— By' Hale 4. by Iburg 2. Hit by
pitcher— <:. ncilly. Double play— Shay to Pabst.
Wild pitch — Hale. Time of Kam«" — One hour and
thirty-five minutes. Umpire — Hardie.
LOS ANGELES.
' LOS ANGELES. Sept. 7.— Los Angeles made
a ninth Inning rally to-day and pulled an ap
parently hopeless game out of the fire. Iburg
went in the air after two hits and two errors
were made, behind him, hitting a batsman and
forcing the, winning run home with a base on
balls. • Score:
Los Angeles Wins.
Rearranged Oakland seems to be a
stronger team. With Mohler. the latest
adjunct, at second and Arrellanes in the
left garden and Eagan covering the initial
sack, harmony, prevails. Ashenbach was
on first for the Senators yesterday in place
of Hanlon, whose batting work of late has
been below even his own average. Score:
OAKLAND. *
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt. 3b 4 0 10 0 2 0
Mohler, 2b 1 0 0 14 3 0
Streib, r. f 4 1 1 0-4 0 0
Eagan. lb..; 4 0 1 0 12 0 0
Drennan, c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Francks, sa 2 0 10 3 6 .1
Moskiman, p 3 0 2 0 0 3 .1
Arrellanes. 1. f 20 0 0 3 00
Hansen, c 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
. Totals 27 ~1 7 1 27 14 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. ss 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
McLaughltn. 1. f.... 4 0 0 0* 1 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 6 1
Doyle, r. f *. 4 0 2 1 2 1 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
Stanley, o 3 0 0 0 5 5 0
MeGucken, c. f...... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Ashenbach, lb 3 0 0 0 10 0 1
Strlcklett. p.......... 3 0 2 0 2 3 J>
Totals 33 0 6 1 27 21 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland' 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 12010012 0—7
Sacramento 00000000 0—0
Base hits }... 1 10 1111 0 0—6
SUMMARY.
i Two-base hit— Drennan. Sacrifice hits—Moh
ler 2, Francks. Arrellanes.' Stanley. First base
on errors — Oakland 2. Sacramento 2. First base
on called balls— Oakland 3. I-*ft on bases-
Oakland 6, Sacramento 7. Struck out— By
Stricklett 4.' Double play— Mohler to Eagan.
Time of game — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire
—Levy. Official scorer— McFarlin.
The third game between Oakland and
Sacramento resulted In • another victory
for the Dudes, who are just at present
floating* about on a wave of prosperity.
The score was as close as it could be, and
after the first inning remained unchanged.
Strlcklett was In the box for the Sena
tors and although he was not hit hard
and the Dudes scored but a single run the
tally list of Oakland ¦ would have been
large if the Dudes had not displayed such
a fine quality of stupidity In base-running.
In the first Streib made tne initial bag
on Courtney's error, went to second when
the play was between first and third to
catch Babbitt, and scored on Eagan's hit.
After that there were no runs on either
side.
Oakland 1, Sacramento 0.
Close Score and Good Fielding
Mark the Third
r- Match. .
Dudes Surprise All by
Sustaining Winning
Streak.
. on the Card in Order to Fill Out — J. Ransch Finally Reaches
His Luck, Finishing Astride of Three Winners— State. Fair Notes
Stake Number Was Declared Off and Six Running Races Were Put
NOTHING BUT SIR ALBERT S
IN THE CLASS PACING EVENT
YOUNG COURSERS IN FUTURITY
STAKE ARE FAST AND CLEVER
Fashionably Bred Performers of the Puppy Class Show to Advan
tage in Their Efforts for the Rich Prizes of the Big Event at
Union Park— /Eolus a Likely Candidate for Stake Honors
t w , K * vanan * ll 's May Be Keen. M
«t a5"£ ", faraway beat B\ S. PricVs For^
PViifc, r & f Knowl e8 - sie»ty MUt.a bye:
hill iv r^ • *%? beat . T - *. Creator. Thorn-I
hill. 6-1: George Shaman's 8t. Ives beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Miss BrummeU 5-orOeorit
Shannan's Chicago Boy beat J H MeVeir*
Blackhawk. 6-3; D. Welsh's S&cramentr? Boy
r£f£ 2W Ima - *l\ ; J - Markland's The
Grafter beat J. McCormack's Black. Daisy 14-0-
n" PV\ tV^ B T est Bar & al n beat D. Walsh's
Gallant. 3-2: T. J. Mclnerney's Regina. R beat
J. Rock's Ladles' Choice. 4-0; r>.' J. Healey's
Tlburon beat T. Cox' a Crockett Hill. J2-10; E.
»'ii?it 08s 8 . Mw3est Lad beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollickins Airs, 3-0; F. Schou's Lady Glenklrls
beat D. J. Healey's Fine Form. 5-0: T. j. Cro
nln s "Wild Tralee beat Star Kennels' • Pick
pocket. 5-0; Sterl & Knowlea' Ripple beat J.
Kerrigan'* Prometheus. 7-0; M. Nealon's Achil
les beat F. Schou's King's Borderer 8-fi* T J
Mclnerney*g Annie Hall beat H. Lynch's Game
Cock. 6-4; E. M. Kellogjr*s Modest Girl beat F.
Jones' Lovina. 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Risky At
tempt beat P. Koran's Lady LUbet. 4-0: P.
Jackson's Golden Russet beat Ed Neave'a First
Foot, 3-0; Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat P P
Clark's Glen Roy, 4-3; C. O. Peterson's Hap
hazard beat Pasha Kennels' Flyaway, 4-0; J
Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat I*. -J\- Barters
Banner Bright. 8-0; P. Jackson's Honor Bright
beat E. M. Kelloggr's Crawford Belle, 4-1; Cap
tain Clarkson's Sofala beat A. Vanderwhltc's
Lear King. 8-4; Captain Clarkson's Prompt*
beat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget. «-0; Ed
Neave's Castaway beat K. Schaffer's Fair Glen,
6-1. • ¦ ' - •' .
THE ABBOTT DOES HOT
BREAK TBACX BECOBD
Besults of Grand Circuit Trotting
Races on the Hartford
Track.
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 7.-Graad circuit
summary: • .
2:1S trot. purs« $1500— Haowiud won th«
third, fourth and fifth heats. Best time, 2:I2U.
Pug won the second heat In 2:14H. Martqua
w?" , the T , flrst h « a t in 2:"li. Sallle 8lmpson,
Minnie B, Tattler, Enoch. Oneonta and Vic
Shiller also started. ¦. ¦ ¦
2:19 pace, purse $1500— Teddy T won three
Cuna^a^o'stlrt'ed^' g& <*«* *."*
The Abbott was driven by Geers to break th«
track record of 2:04%, but went in 2:05.
Nelson's Leg Amputated.
I*EW YORK, Sept. 7.-Johnny Nelson,
the bicycle rider Injured at Madison
Square Garden, had his leg amputated at
the thigh thla afternoon. At one time it
was thought he would not live through
the operation, but an hour later he was
conscious and resting easily.
A CURE FOE ASTHMA.
Asthma sufferers need no longer leave home
and business In order to be cured. Nature has
produced a vegetable remedy that will per
manently cure Asthma and all diseases of the
lungs and bronchial tubes. Having tested its
wonderful curative powers In thousands of
cases (with a record of 90 per cent, permanently
cured) and desiring- to relieve human Buffer
ing. I -will send free of charge to all sufferers
from Asthma, Consumption, Catarrh, Bronchit'»
and nervous diseases, this recipe in German.
French or English, with full directions for
preparing and using. 3ent by mail. Address
with stamp, naming this paper. XV. A. Noyes,
347 Powers block, Rochester, >'. T.
OAKLAND TAKES
ANOTHER GAME
SPORTS: COURSING, RUNNING, TROTTING RACES AND TENNIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901
26
DESCRIPTION OF COURSE.
I Score. I Time
Odds GREYHOUND.
BREEDING.
OWNER.
I
3 Fun,ton....- For Freedom imp.-Daisy Hill G. Graham [^erJl^Tour^bialenVgo^'tria'L 0 .."!'..! 3 ::
1 Red Ace.. Firm Friend imp.-Annle" Laurie..... J. ¦ H. Rosseter Scored last tour, peacen m goou
18
4
SO
*""•"¦""•• i-iim i-liciiu lui|<.-ni. U |7.«u..« - ! _ . — ¦
1 & 5-..t^^..A.ior.^^;.^^ h,., fc^-gggaa isa.^'ajygagajsg?..^::
33
3
4 Ruby Sankey Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass... E. Geary
1 Melrose Lad....... Hughie imp. -Mystic Maid.. E. M. Kellogg.
....iRan good race ' - *5
'.'..'.'..... Was against better dog
:33
3 Minnie Depend on Me-Fairy : T. J. Cronin «?n f^fl^^ifj"-
5 IMarvo.... Emin Pasha-Moonlight E. H. Haley a trine wiia...
S
3
43
! SS^::::::::a r^S;s,^,rfe::::::::. &S S^.^-diajyA'&rg SSfgba:::-
4
1
*
:H
2 Bonus! For Freedom imp.-Bona T. Humane J^m*^ SHn" 1011 ' "^ Z!^^
1 Mrs. Fiske Cavalier- Vanity Fair imp P. M. Curtis .Could net get in
12
:3t
? £n^K&::.^^ geo^Nether C ott : . : ..J^«rs,^;ln ; a aA MlL..^ ::::::;:
«
5
:32
2 Jennie G Candelaria-Rosie B T. Cronin Iv^w.'^ihJ m?x m™"
1 Kenilworth ...Emin Pasha-Moonlight.... F. Jones {Made his in the mix-up
I
:»
6 UlnnieSankey.... Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass... E. Geary.... Well-run course; best do S won
1 Merrlmac Hughie imp.-Mystlc Maid H. Lynch |
10
44-
rtO
1
4
Iceman
Roy Hughie
For Freedom imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles |Ran a good course... ................ ......
Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass E. Geary ,Had speed, but would not near his hare
7
4
?<
20, Freeze Out........ For Freedom Imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles ™&3°\ run "£, tO her re P utat!on
1 Clarice Hughie imp. -Mystic Maid H. Lynch Killed too soon •
~~T Black Bart.. Hughie Imp.-Mystic Maid H. Lynch Had best of course between two green onea....
2 Rich Argosy Royston-Flery Face imp J. H. Rosseter _
-
7
S
ID
. S
7
3
:37
•37
:S1
1 A. J. Martin Hughie imp.-Mystlc Maid H Lynch Led well; took turn: drove hare to her for kill..
8 Amadee For Freedom Imp.-Bona T. Barre *
3
2
M3
10 ' For Liberty.... (For Freedom impi-Bona... Sterl & Knowles Had better of course throughout
1 Lothario .JSt. Lawrence-Lightfoot...... Dr. A. T. Leonard No chance
S
1
:23
10 Tame Tralee.... Jwild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp ..Chiarinl Bros Ran rings around his opponent
1 Doc Sweetman....'Shylock imp.-Santa Inez Dr. F. P. Clark Showed no quality
6
0
:1?
10 Red Rock Rochester-Little Wonder George Nethercott Cleverer dog won
1 Fair Oaks Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass.-. .". E. Geary Ran fair course -~
I
:«3
10 Cold Shivers For Freedom imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles Ran the better dog:.........
1 Rambler... Candelarfa-Rosie B... T. J. Cronin > ;...;...
_LL
:25
"* 7 Bonnie Hughie.... Hughie Imp. -Bonnie Lass E.Geary Showed superiority 13
1 Master.Harold Hughie Imp. -Winning .Style Dr. Christensen _ 5 ,
4 Wild Eclipse Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp Chiarinl Bros Had long trial; won on merit - 14
5 Emin Bey Emin Pasha-Moonlight G. Graham 5 .
5 Real Aristocrat... Royston-Flery Face imp J. H. Rosseter Fine course; best dog won
3 Becky Sharp Cavalier- Vanity Fair, imp P. M. Curtis 1 ¦
I :«S
~
:«
J H Rosseter..... Fine course; best dog: won.....
p". M. Curtis
=
•!
¦to.
4
1
Harvey M....N... Hughie imp. -Mystic.*Maid t.. H. Lynch Score tells the story
I Sea Flower St. Lawrence-Mountain Belle '... w. J. Browning
33
0
Mm
5 [Regal Attire Royston-Fiery Face Imp... I J. H. Rosseter*.... Ran true coarse .......„.;... I
4 Dorothy Belle Emin Pasha-Moonlight......... F. Jones Placed several times; conld not hold position..!
h— •
%
3
m
4 Eeolus... ...For Freedom imp.-Golden Russet.... G. Malcolm Led; took turn; made first three................ g-
1 Royal Archer For Freedom imp. -Daisy Hill. J. H. Rosseter One in mlxup: killed 4
rss
3 Merrlwa Rochester- Wattlebloom Imp.*...." w. H. Koeker Best dog won.
1 Best Bower . Hughie imp. -Winning. Style W.J.Browning
¦¦•-—--— ---.I
5
1
•«
5 Killarney Candelarla-Rosle B.'. .- T. J. Cronin Made his points against a poor on».. .......... •
1 St. Laurie..: St. Lawrence-Mountain Belle W. J. Browning." I ¦%'
h—
II
1 Kitty From Cork. Depend on Me-Falry
3 Faugh a Baliagh. Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp
.. T. J. Cronin Did the bettor work
.. P. J. Horgan ... j ; „
,1
\m
: 3 Lady Newark 'Emin Pasha-Moonlight G. Graham.... .Outworked the favorite ,,
5 Betty Martin Cavaller-Vanlty Fair imp P. M. CurUs [ l.""'"'lT. I
10 Partial Eclipse Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed Imp P. J. Horgan Showed to advantage to
1 Roped Arena..;... Emin Fasha-Armagh Lass J. H. Rosseter im • ?
h—
.«
:«
13
1
Sir Pitt Cavalier-Vanity Fair imp P. M. Curtis.. Ran a good course ~
Pasha Belle Emin Pasha-Moonlight P." Steinhoff *.**.*.".""*.*".*"""
12
3
45
10 Peerless.. Wild Tralee-Just Ecipised .imp..: P. J.Horgan... Showed speed . •
1 Hod .....". St. Lawrence-Mlladi: ; Ij; D. Cardinell. ....'.. ...I..; „ I
¦ ; •••••••••••...4....... |
4
0
•1
DESCRIPTION OF COURSE.
I Score. I Time
Odds GREYHOUND.
BREEDING.
OWNER.
I
3 Fun,ton....- For Freedom imp.-Daisy Hill G. Graham [^erJl^Tour^bialenVgo^'tria'L 0 .."!'..! 3 ::
1 Red Ace.. Firm Friend imp.-Annle" Laurie..... J. ¦ H. Rosseter Scored last tour, peacen m goou
18
4
SO
*""•"¦""•• i-iim i-liciiu lui|<.-ni. U |7.«u..« - ! _ . — ¦
1 & 5-..t^^..A.ior.^^;.^^ h,., fc^-gggaa isa.^'ajygagajsg?..^::
33
3
4 Ruby Sankey Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass... E. Geary
1 Melrose Lad....... Hughie imp. -Mystic Maid.. E. M. Kellogg.
....iRan good race ' - *5
'.'..'.'..... Was against better dog
:33
3 Minnie Depend on Me-Fairy : T. J. Cronin «?n f^fl^^ifj"-
5 IMarvo.... Emin Pasha-Moonlight E. H. Haley a trine wiia...
S
3
43
! SS^::::::::a r^S;s,^,rfe::::::::. &S S^.^-diajyA'&rg SSfgba:::-
4
1
*
:H
2 Bonus! For Freedom imp.-Bona T. Humane J^m*^ SHn" 1011 ' "^ Z!^^
1 Mrs. Fiske Cavalier- Vanity Fair imp P. M. Curtis .Could net get in
12
:3t
? £n^K&::.^^ geo^Nether C ott : . : ..J^«rs,^;ln ; a aA MlL..^ ::::::;:
«
5
:32
2 Jennie G Candelaria-Rosie B T. Cronin Iv^w.'^ihJ m?x m™"
1 Kenilworth ...Emin Pasha-Moonlight.... F. Jones {Made his in the mix-up
I
:»
6 UlnnieSankey.... Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass... E. Geary.... Well-run course; best do S won
1 Merrlmac Hughie imp.-Mystlc Maid H. Lynch |
10
44-
rtO
1
4
Iceman
Roy Hughie
For Freedom imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles |Ran a good course... ................ ......
Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass E. Geary ,Had speed, but would not near his hare
7
4
?<
20, Freeze Out........ For Freedom Imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles ™&3°\ run "£, tO her re P utat!on
1 Clarice Hughie imp. -Mystic Maid H. Lynch Killed too soon •
~~T Black Bart.. Hughie Imp.-Mystic Maid H. Lynch Had best of course between two green onea....
2 Rich Argosy Royston-Flery Face imp J. H. Rosseter _
-
7
S
ID
. S
7
3
:37
•37
:S1
1 A. J. Martin Hughie imp.-Mystlc Maid H Lynch Led well; took turn: drove hare to her for kill..
8 Amadee For Freedom Imp.-Bona T. Barre *
3
2
M3
10 ' For Liberty.... (For Freedom impi-Bona... Sterl & Knowles Had better of course throughout
1 Lothario .JSt. Lawrence-Lightfoot...... Dr. A. T. Leonard No chance
S
1
:23
10 Tame Tralee.... Jwild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp ..Chiarinl Bros Ran rings around his opponent
1 Doc Sweetman....'Shylock imp.-Santa Inez Dr. F. P. Clark Showed no quality
6
0
:1?
10 Red Rock Rochester-Little Wonder George Nethercott Cleverer dog won
1 Fair Oaks Hughie imp.-Bonnie Lass.-. .". E. Geary Ran fair course -~
I
:«3
10 Cold Shivers For Freedom imp.-Amarosa Sterl & Knowles Ran the better dog:.........
1 Rambler... Candelarfa-Rosie B... T. J. Cronin > ;...;...
_LL
:25
"* 7 Bonnie Hughie.... Hughie Imp. -Bonnie Lass E.Geary Showed superiority 13
1 Master.Harold Hughie Imp. -Winning .Style Dr. Christensen _ 5 ,
4 Wild Eclipse Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp Chiarinl Bros Had long trial; won on merit - 14
5 Emin Bey Emin Pasha-Moonlight G. Graham 5 .
5 Real Aristocrat... Royston-Flery Face imp J. H. Rosseter Fine course; best dog won
3 Becky Sharp Cavalier- Vanity Fair, imp P. M. Curtis 1 ¦
I :«S
~
:«
J H Rosseter..... Fine course; best dog: won.....
p". M. Curtis
=
•!
¦to.
4
1
Harvey M....N... Hughie imp. -Mystic.*Maid t.. H. Lynch Score tells the story
I Sea Flower St. Lawrence-Mountain Belle '... w. J. Browning
33
0
Mm
5 [Regal Attire Royston-Fiery Face Imp... I J. H. Rosseter*.... Ran true coarse .......„.;... I
4 Dorothy Belle Emin Pasha-Moonlight......... F. Jones Placed several times; conld not hold position..!
h— •
%
3
m
4 Eeolus... ...For Freedom imp.-Golden Russet.... G. Malcolm Led; took turn; made first three................ g-
1 Royal Archer For Freedom imp. -Daisy Hill. J. H. Rosseter One in mlxup: killed 4
rss
3 Merrlwa Rochester- Wattlebloom Imp.*...." w. H. Koeker Best dog won.
1 Best Bower . Hughie imp. -Winning. Style W.J.Browning
¦¦•-—--— ---.I
5
1
•«
5 Killarney Candelarla-Rosle B.'. .- T. J. Cronin Made his points against a poor on».. .......... •
1 St. Laurie..: St. Lawrence-Mountain Belle W. J. Browning." I ¦%'
h—
II
1 Kitty From Cork. Depend on Me-Falry
3 Faugh a Baliagh. Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed imp
.. T. J. Cronin Did the bettor work
.. P. J. Horgan ... j ; „
,1
\m
: 3 Lady Newark 'Emin Pasha-Moonlight G. Graham.... .Outworked the favorite ,,
5 Betty Martin Cavaller-Vanlty Fair imp P. M. CurUs [ l.""'"'lT. I
10 Partial Eclipse Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed Imp P. J. Horgan Showed to advantage to
1 Roped Arena..;... Emin Fasha-Armagh Lass J. H. Rosseter im • ?
h—
.«
:«
13
1
Sir Pitt Cavalier-Vanity Fair imp P. M. Curtis.. Ran a good course ~
Pasha Belle Emin Pasha-Moonlight P." Steinhoff *.**.*.".""*.*".*"""
12
3
45
10 Peerless.. Wild Tralee-Just Ecipised .imp..: P. J.Horgan... Showed speed . •
1 Hod .....". St. Lawrence-Mlladi: ; Ij; D. Cardinell. ....'.. ...I..; „ I
¦ ; •••••••••••...4....... |
4
0
•1
Specialists
4r) for
Y^WT%' WITHOUT
WEAKNESS.
There is no such condition as weakness in a
man under fifty years of age, other than gen-
eral debility. Prematurenes*. loss of vitality,
etc., are but symptoms of some damage to the
reproductive system. In looking for the loca-
tion of this iamace we generally find an en-
larreo, swollen and inflamed prostate eland.
Ae this pland is the very center ot th» repro-
ductive rystem it can readily be understood
that inflainmation of it must cause disordered
function. These cases are promptly benefited
by prcper treatment, otherwise the patient
jroes firm bad to worse. The essential point
in all of them is the necessity of the cure of
the locus of the trouble in the prostate. Many
men ha\e unsuccessfully treated for a weak-
ness and become discouraged, when If an anti-
phlogistic plan of treatment had been adopted
instead of tonics, a cure would have been the
remit. In our experience there is no drug in
She Pharmacopeia, taken Into the stomach
that will even benefit this class of cases. Our
plan of treatment is entirely a local, one and
prompt results are obtained, as Indicated by
Jncrea«e<l circulation and return of natural
vigor. Our colored chart, which we mail on
epplication. IS Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
Contracted Disorders.
Unfier the treatment pursued before irriga-
tions were established, six weeks was deemed
the duration of an acute contracted disorder.
If It proceeded beyond elr weeks it was con-
*l<Jered to have gone Into chronic condition,
i'rorr. statistics compiled from our practice In
the past five years, covering over 6500 cases.
•we can show that 90 per cent of our patients
¦have recovered In fourteen days or less. It Is
th-refore. - equally proper to hold that a ca*e
not entirely cured within two weeks must be
considered a chronic one. and some complica-
tion ha» arisen, for which the patient should
tee a nwciallst. We invite free consultation
on this subject, and offer aa experience of over
twenty years; in fact, we can positively assert
that w« have never failed to cure in a single
Instance.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
y 2d band wheels all makes.
|j . fitted up just liks new.
y -. ¦¦-'"'•.
I $5, $10, $15 and $20
u Send (or printed
H Bargain List. . .
1 Le avitt & Bill
I • 309L^rkinSU,-
ji Sa.rx Jcse . ' .VICHY SPRINGS-Reglstered at Vichy
Springs during the past week were: San
Francisco — Mrs. F.' A. Bacon, Mrs. H. C.
Conrad; Mrs. B. F. .Tuttle, George E.
Bushnell, E. G. Knapp, J. L. Milton and
wife, F. L. Chase, D. R. Norris, A. C.
May, L. T. May, G. T. Norris, W. R. Nor
way, O. L. Blackman, H. Mepham, E. H.
Hageman and wife, J. H. Ishain, J. W.
Curry, W. H. Heyer, William M. Kllnger,
D. R. Conniff, J. R. Meyer, Mr. and Mrs.
Holman. E. Cadogan, Martin Stevens and
wife, Amy E. Smith, George O. Smith,
B. Brilliant. L.' Sturgill, A. Block, Mr.
Clarke, M. P. Gleeson, T. J. Duncan, John
Menahan, John Bayle, Mrs. G. Cainy, Dr.
George H. Evans and wife, C. C. Quinn
and wife, C. H. Robinson and wife, Mrs.
J. Clarke, Mrs. George H. Ismon, A.
Bishop, A. Kaufman, 1 Mrs. A. Passavant,
J. S. Spear and wife. J. H. Mulcahy, C,
Cassasa. Miss J. B. Hogan. May belle Ho
gan, James de Bois, John A. Enos, F. W.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Late arrivals
at Gilroy Hot Springs include: From San
Francisco — Phillip Fay, Mrs. Sargent,
Miss Jones, Miss Florence Lloyd, M. D.
Bowers, F. S. Duncan, Mrs. S. M. Wil
liams, Miss Bettie Jacobsen, M. Jacob
sen. M. Perry, John J. Foley, F. W. Hol
land, Ed G. Armstrong, P. S. Farley,
John Clarke, F. G. Winters, Thomas J.
Byrne, P. M. Feldt, A. F. Scharff, J. D.
Burke, Miss s F. M. Button, D. M. Ste
vens. E. L. Ridley, J. T. Turner, J. F.
Kaufeman and son, E. S. Mayer, William
Colton, Miss E. C. Downing, James D.
White, H. J. Jensen, Thomas F. Hunter,
B. F. Wilson. From Berkeley— Mrs. K.
Reeve, M. L. Hollman. From San An
dreas—W. H. Sterner, J. S. Stone. From
Nevada City— Mrs. A 1 . -M. Lester. J. M.
Powers. From New York— H. M. : Ladd,
M. F. Du Rose. From Canada de ios
Osos— Dan P. Regan, C. B. Scully. From
Gilroy — Fred B. McComas. Miss A. Ladd,
John Clark, Miss H. Ladd, S. E. Daves.
From Irvington— Mr. and Mrs. T. dish
ing, B. Enos. From San Jose— Richard
Donovan, P. G. Browne. From Oakland—
M. Adelina, W. H. Wilton, T. M. Palmers.
From New Mexico — Mr. and Mrs. Edward
J. Cummines.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Recent arrivals
at the Hotel Metropole from S/m Fran
cisco and northern towns are: J. Alex
ander, Homer A. Bonshey,, P. Luce, E. J.
Waugh, F. A. Valentine. Mrs. M. W.
Newberry, G. P. Lanniger and wife, E.
H. Fltzhugh and wife, ,Miss Fitzhugh,
Earl Fitzhugh, T. D. Connelly and wife,
Miss MaLoney, Mrs. F. C. Garret,t, Miss
Edythe Hensliaw, Frank Gassaway. From
yacht Ramona — Mr. and Mrs. Fred J. Mc-
Williams,' Mrs. Ruby Bond, Miss Louise
Hoffacher, Werner Stauf, K. H. Morrow,
Qarl Westerfeld, J. F. Blgelow and wife,
William H. Morrison and wife, Edmund
Baker, A. L. Kruger and wife, John A.
Hooper, Harry E. Wise, Mrs. Charles
Christensen, Miss Elizabeth Bergln, Mau
rice Block and wife, Mrs. E. M. Smith,
C. H. Johnson, Seymour R. Church, P. C.
Schmidt, Edwin Mohrig and wife, Charles
J. Collins and wife, Percy H. O'Brien.
San Jose— J. M. Bellew, Mrs. D. Goodsell,
D. Goodsell Jr., R. F. Maclaren and wife.
Oakland — John A. Britton and wife, H. L.
Cunningham.
At the Resorts.
Miss Maud Tobin sailed on the Sheridan
last Saturday as the guest of Mrs. Elliott,
wife of Captain William Elliott, stationed
in Manila, P. I.
Mr. and Mrs. Alvin Liebes, prior to their
departure for Alaska, will be pleased to
see their friends at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. I. Simon, 1308 Hayes street, to
day, from 2 to 5.'
v Mrs. William Wolff of 1315B Ellis street
has returned from Portland, Ore.
Mrs. J. Bamberger is spending a few
veeks at Hotel Vendome, San Jose.
Mme. B. Biber has returned home from
her trip to New York..
Mrs. Theodore Eisen of Los Angeles is
in the city. Mrs. Eisen Is diocesan presi
dent of the Los Angeles branch of the
Woman's Auxiliary to the Board of Mis
sions of the Episcopal church and cornea
as a delegate to attend the triennial meet
ing to be held in October.
Frances Graham finished her winter's
engagement on> June 8 . with the Castle
Square ! Opera Company in Brooklyn, N.
Y., and since then has been filling a
month's engagement in Denver. She ar
rived In San Francisco last Wednesday
ana is taking a much needed rest at her
father's honfe in Napa County before re
turning East in October next. ,. . • „ •¦"
Mrs. Elizabeth Thompson of Eugene,
Oregon, accompanied by her daughter.
Miss Ermine, arrived here this week and
will spend the winter at the Colonial
Hotel, where Mrs. Thompson's married
daughter, Mrs. E. C. Lefiingwell, resides.
After an extended tour through the
Eastern States and a visit to the Pan-
American Exposition, Mr. and Mrs. R. C.
McClure (nee Sawyer) will settle in' their
new home in Syracuse, New York, where
Mr. McClure has large interests.
A party was given to Albert Finn Jr. in
honor of'lJis twenty-first birthday Satur
day evening, August 24, at.his residence,
1S84 McAllister street. The house was
artistically decorated with . flowers and
greens. Selections were given on the
graphophone . by Professor F. Wllstrup.
At the supper which followed the festivi
ties of the evening Duke E. Cannon acted
as toastmaster. The guests were: A. VV.
Finn, Albert Finn Jr., Professor Fred
Wilstrup, WilliE. Palfreeman, George L.
Baccus, Eugene I-I. Edwards, Dr. Walter
Douglas, \V. L. Quinn, Richard H. Fant,
John Smithlin, P. T. Cavanaugh, Duke K.
Cannon, Rosalind M. Elliott, Ruby M.
Finn, Georgie Ricketts, Hattie Viers,
Ethel Deane, Pauline Schleuer, Mae
Ekblom, Pearl Schleuer, Cora Moore,
Margaret L. Drake. ~ ,
Miss Hannah G. Murphy has returned
from an extended trip to Shasta Springa
and Sisson.
A surprise party was tendered Miss
Hilda Holtermann at her residence, "523
Bryant street, Saturday evening, August
24, by Miss Dora Stelling. The evening
was spent very pleasantly in music; danc
ing and games. Among those present
were: Miss Hilda Holtermann, Miss Dora
Stelling, Miss Hazel Aubry, Miss Elsie
Bullwinkel, Miss Alice Brorsen, Miss
Elsie Gerken, Miss Grace Steineau, Miss
Cressey Collins, Miss Gabriella Dainely,
Miss Mabel Young, Miss Addie Panlcls,
Percy Field, Fred Ritter, Arthur Parent,
Hobart Cavanaugh, Charles Dibert, Joe
Murphy, Walter Anderson, Allen Olinger;
Rudolph Holtermann, John Stellmsf,
Alfred Holtermann.
William A: Limbaugh of the United
States Custom-house, with his wife and
little daughter, is spending a vacation
with his parents at . their home near
Stockton. Upon their return to the city
they will stay at a downtown hotel tor
the winter. - ..
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Albert
Schmidt, 120 Clipper street, their only
daughter, 1 Rose, was united in marriage
to George William Hummel by. the Rev.
Dr. Hemphill at high noon Wednesday,
September 4. Only relatives of the family
were present. The bride was attired in a
handsome traveling , gown. An elaborate
luncheon was served, after which . the
happy, bride and groom left amid showers
of rice and good wishes for Del Montt\
where they will spend the honeymoon.
attendance were Thomas Morris, Jack
McGrath, Charles Kuhlman, Henry Rlcke,
Tom Griffin, Peter Pentz, H. C Drewes,
J. Cordson, Thomas Thornton, Billy Kas
tenschmldt and D. Hagan. The cooks did
excellent service and the club's band furn
ished the music. Preparations are being
made for a grand ball at Eintracht Hall,
on Twelfth street.
Society Events
Last Sunday the Mission Pretzel Club
gave its second outing and clam-bake of
the season near Baden. The members
were driven down in a commodious con
veyance by Brother W. H. Bowe. The
affair, was a pronounced success and was
under the immediate charge of President
L. P. Meany, Secretary Rudy Reck : and
Treasurer Charles Wachter. Others in
A most enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mrs. C. Munroe at her residence,
404 Golden Gate avenue, on Tuesday even
ing, September 3. Singing, dancing and
music were indulged in, after which re
freshments were served. The following
programme was ' presented during the
evening: Vocal solos by Mrs. C. Munroe,
Mrs. M. Williams, Mrs. F. Myers and
Miss Elma Williams; banjo solo and coon
selections, Tim Crowell of Stockton; man
dolin and guitar, Mrs. C. Munroe and
Mrs. M. Williams; vocal duet, William
J. Hennessy and Miss Elma Williams;
cornet solo. Miss Hazel Bowen; selections
from "Faust," Miss Elma Williams; banjo
and coon songs, Tim Crowell and Mrs
M. Williams; cakewalk dance, Gasper
Lacerro and Miss Elma Williams; Golden
Gate quartet, songs, Mrs. C. Munroe,
Mrs. M. Williams, Mrs. F. Lewis and
Mrs. F. Myers; recitations, Miss Elma
Williams. Those present were: Mrs. C.
Munroe, Mrs. M. Williams, Mrs. F. Lewis,
Mrs. Miller, Mrs. Guerin, Mrs. Myers,
Mrs. Bowen, Mrs. E. Osbourne, "Mrs. No
lan, Mrs. Osbourne, Mrs. K. Lacerro, Mrs
Mary, Crowell of Stockton, Mrs. Hen
nessy, Mrs. Charles Geer, Miss Elma Wil
liams, Miss Grace Munroe, Miss Pearl
Nolan, Miss Hattie Geer, Miss Hazel
Bowen, Miss May Hennessy, Miss Edna
Osbourne. William J. Hennessy, D. Vin
cent, Joseph Lacerro, George Bowen, F.-
Lewis;' Gasper Lacerro, William Crowell,
F. Myers," James Guerin, Tim Crowell,
William Trancill, J. A. Callen, Thomas
C. Williams, Robert Geer, Charles Geer,
James Woodman, Frank Swift and Col
oner Tim Crowell. ••¦ ',''. - - ¦• .
Last Friday evening the home of Miss
Sarah McLean, at 1218 Mission street, was
the scene of a merry gathering, , when her
many friends gave her an old-fashioned
surprise party. The large parlors and halls
were tastefully "decorated with "trailing
vines and beautiful flowers. Mrs. Susie
Pracy, presiding at the piano, furnished
delightful music for those wishing to
dance. Several Scottish dances were very
much enjoyed. Refreshments were served
in the dining room, where many toasts
and speeches were made. . Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Hlbbitt, Mrs.
Sheen, Mr. and Mrs. John A. McDonald,
Mr. and Mrs. A. McLeod, Mrs. McNeill,
Mr. A. McKay, Miss A. B. McKay, Mr.
and Mrs. F. McDonald. Miss McDonald,
Mr. O. Reynolds, Mrs. Katie McDonald,
Dr. F. F. Knorp, Miss Lucy Campbell,
Captain Gordon, Mr. J. Shambeau, Mrs. L.
McLeod, Miss J. Watt.*Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Pherson, Miss Alice Murchison, Captain
W. McLeod, Mr. John Wise, Miss E. H.
King, Miss C. E. Gay, Miss Forbes, Mr.
Neil Stewart, Miss M. Cantlo. Miss
Helen McDonald, Miss S. McLean, Mrs.
S. Pracy, Master Lloyd and George Hib
bitt.
The Country Club held its opening meet
ing at the home of Mrs. V F. Hudson at
Niles on Tuesday, September 3. The usual
basket lunch, was served at 1 o'clock and
fully enjoyed. The annual election of of
ficers was held, resulting as follows: Mrs.
E. Thane, president: Mrs. Helen Turner,
vice president; Mrs. E. M. Mowry, record
ing secretary; Mrs. G. Huxley, financial
secretary; Miss Charlotte Emerson, treas
urer.
A reception was tendered to William J.
Saliceti of Troop K, Fourth Cavalry, at
the residence of his sister, Mrs. Charles
Cavanaugh, 2811 Harrison street, Tuesday
evening, September 3. Many friends gath
ered to welcome the soldier on his return
after three years' service in the Philip
pines. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph A. Saliceti, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Cavanaugh, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Cavanaugh, Miss May Kehoe, Miss May
Lowney, Miss Birdie Peterson, Miss Flos
sie Samuels, Miss Lizzie McCIatchy, Miss
Olivette Baric, Miss ' Carrie Thompson ,
Miss Jennie Olsen, Miss Sadie McCIatchy,
Miss Alice .Cavanaugh, Miss Hannah
Linehan, Miss Genevieve Cavanaugh,
Miss Lilly Penny, Miss Eva CaVanaugh,
Miss Nettie Marcey, Miss Margie 'Mc-
Clatchy, William Saliceti, Sergeant Mar
rlet, Corporal McGowan, Corporal Gor
don, Corporal McGarvey, William Cava
naugh, George- Peterson, Frank Smith,
Bart Foley, Chris Cavanaugh, Albert de
Witt, Bert Sutcliffe, Bert Cavanaugh.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Miss Josephine Christensen at
her residence, 1924 Taylor street, on Sat
urday evening, August 24, in honor of her
birthday. Among those present were:
Miss Anna Fisher, Miss Eva Wolff, Miss
Margaret Thomas, Miss Lizzie Haub,
Miss Margaret Morgan, Miss Montana
Nickel, Miss Marie Krei, Miss* Josephine
Christensen, Mrs. J. Adams. Mrs. C. Ew
ing, Mrs. S. Nickel, Mrs. M* Loh.-E. J.
Fisher, C. A. Johnson, C. T. Qulncy, J.
Fisher, J: Dagmund, John P. Christensen,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Klotz, Mr. and Mrs. R
W. Emerson, Mr. and Mrs. P. Eggerling
and Mr. and Mrs. J. Christensen, and the
Original Mandolin Club, consisting of W.
P. Warren. A. Nickel, M. Flores, T. Cu
neo, William Alpers and Mr. Basso.
The wedding of Adelaide Edith Rodust
and. Dr. John F. Laughlin will take place
from the residence of the bride's parents
on Washington street Wednesday. - Sep
tember 18. It will be a very quiet affair
and only the immediate friends will be
present. Dr. McLaughlin Is a well-known
dentist of this city, a graduate of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, and
has been pursuing his profession here for
the last nine years. A wedding tour of tha
south will follow, after which the couple
will occupy a home which has iust been
completed at 3253 Central avenue, Ala
meda:
Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Blankenstein cele
brated . their silver wedding 1 on the ¦ 6th
inst. at their residence, 1033 Laguna street,
and were the recipients of numerous pres
ents. Mr. and Mrs. D. Jacobi of Golden
Gate avenue tendered them a luncheon
and in the evening their son,. Milton a.
Blankenstein, gave a dinner in their
honor. >
A most pleasing event took place Sun
day, September 1, at the home of Mrs. H.
Hart of 2186 Sutter street in honor of the
crystal wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Nyman
Levy of Fresno. Many congratulations
and handsome presents were received. A
grand dinner was spread for thirty peo
ple.
The marriage of Victor Boiaselier of
Buffalo, N. Y., and Miss Hermine Mengel
was solemnized at St. Barnabas Church
in Buffalo at noon on Wednesday, August
14, in the presence of the immediate tam-
Ily and a few friends. The Rev. H. E. t>.
Somerville officiated. The groom was in
tended by his brother, George E. Bois
selier. The bride was given away by her
mother, Mrs. Wilhelmine Mengel. The
matron of honor was Mrs. Reitz. The
bride was attired in white organdie and
carried a bouquet of lilies of the valley.
The engagement of Miss Culver of St
Louis to L)r. (ieorge Preston Wintermute
of this city has oeen announced. Miss
Culver is tne daughter of the late H. 11.
Culver, the well known St. Louis million
aire and philanthropist. Dr. Wintermute
is a prominent young physician and clin
ical professor of neifrology in the Collegu
of Physicians and Surgeons of this city.
The couple met two years ago in the
Orient. The marriage will take place, in
St. Louis on Septemoer 9.
The engagement of Iviiss Mae McCarthy
and G.- E. Hesseler was announced, a i a
luncheon given in her honor. The tables
were profusely decorated in sweet peas
and smilax. Those invited to meet ivlisa
McCarthy were the Misses Margaret' Hisj
gens, Mae Murphy, Margaret Brady,
Esther James, Keya i<'enx, Maud von
Ploennies, >largaret/«- Moran, Rose Mc-
Devett, Alice Perkins,' Amy Crowe, Hettle
Donahue, Margaret byrue, Alice Alorton,
Kitty Byrne, Annie Tireman, Kitty Co
hen, Emily McDonald, Mae Carmaray and
Tiliie Musil.
Mr. and j Mrs. Joseph T. . Poheim an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Katherine Helen to Leo Ludwig Pockwitz.
The marriage will take place in October.
Mrs. C. Gensjer announces the engage
ment of her youngest daughter, Lena, to
Louis Lefcovitz.
An interesting engagement
announced last week was that of Miss
Alice Blanche Wheeler and John Ross
Smith. The wedding of the' young couple,
which Is going to be a very quiet onje,
will be solemnized at the cathedral on
the evening of September 19. The bride
will be attended by her sister. Miss Anna
"Wheeler, who will act as bridesmaid. Paul
Cowles will be best man. Mr. Smith and
his bride will make their future home at
Menre Park in the home that is a wed
ding gift from the bride's father, Judson
Wheeler.
. BADUALLT the Bet that does
/T^j^ things and keeps things so
/l V^-^TN clally going: is coming back to
IV I y town and by the first October
XjvL^ days society will again be in
"^ full swing. .
Longee, William J. Dutton, Charles Stout
eborough, William F. * Herrin, John C.
Lynch, R. Bliss and wife, W. 'A. Root,
Mrs/ W. A. Root, J. Dyer, P. A. Ziegen
fuss, M. Joyce, Mr, and Mrs. Neudeck, F.
C. Clancy, F. L. Welsh, J. J. \ Mitchell,
P. C. Mills, John Armstrong, E. I* Johns
ton, Captain Charles - Potter, Mr. and
Mrs. Overton, Mrs. F. F. Stone, -Theodore
L. Lawler, E. L. Simons and wife, George
L. Reynolds, 'Mr. and Mrs. Jansen and
son, Mrs. Flanagan and daughter;/ Oak
land—D. D. Crowley and wife. Basil ajid
Robert Crowley and nurse, William F.
Wehr and wife, Mr. and Mrs. George
Sweeney, Miss Belle Case, Mrs. Colvin,
Captain Wallstedt and wife; Petaluma —
Mrs. Turner, Otto Peterson; Colfax — Mr*.
Hendrickson. .
THE GEYSERS-Late arrival* at the
Geysers include: Dr. T. D. Maker,
Arthur G-. Fisk, O. P. Downing, Miss Etta
Hall, Miss Lucy Hall, Victor F. Seawftll,
Mrs. J. M. Seawell. E. H. Cliff, Thomas
F. Brown, Mrs. B. Heine, Fred Heine,
Will Heine, F. Hillman, W. H. Hoyt, E.
Fornlck, Mr. and Mrs. B. Ehrhorn.A. L.
Adams and mother, Mr. and Mrs.H. Die
bels,; San Francisco; Miss Alice J. Gar
tren, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. D. L'.
Beard, Napa; Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Mc-
Clure, Miss Annie Crump, Lakeport; O.
O. Webber, Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Home,
Mrs. Dr. A. B. Hench and son, Santa
Rosa; J. Burt Corson, Pennsylvania; Lil
cus Allen and wife, 'Cloverdale; Edward
Pierce, George H. Hoadley. Oakland;
James C. Peterson and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Word, Alameda? Edgar R. and Clar
ence Fuller, Bakersfleld; John C. Duff,
Henry C. Weatherley, Napa. "
LAUREL DELL— Among .the recent ar
rivals at Laurel Dell are: 'Mr. and Mrs.
Dutton, Miss . Gertrude Dutton, G. W.
Meyers. Miss E. -Short, 'J.-J.-' Collins, Miss
Birdie Burke, G. F. "Mason; Alice White,
L. - Mitchell. O. Alexander, Mrs. C.
Smead, L. Smead, F. D. Teller, J. M.
Rademaker.
PARAISO SPRINGS— Among: the: late
arrivals at the Paralso Springs are: From
San Francisco — Charles Hurry, ; Wil
11am Markleln J. Campbell, Dr. Gardner
P. Pond, Mrs. M. Fay, Miss Oda Peterson;
from Washington. D. C— W. H. Heilman,
M. H. Lapham; from Portland, I. Gearin;
from "Watsonvllle— Joe Oliver, J. J. Silver,
J. J. Morse, John Roast: Mrs.. F. Porter
of Santa Cruz and F. F. Porter from
Honolulu, Dr. Page from Soledad, Rev.
V. Closa, San Juan.
THB8AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8,;190I.
27
Call on L. D. CRAIG, 218, or Traveler Ottoe,
20 Montgomery st., or MRS. KATE J. WIL-
LETTS. room 64, Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIG & WARNER, man-
agers. Highland Springs. Cal.
The months of September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days, cool nights. Hunting, Fishing, Riding,
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement
Rates from September I to May I,
$10 and $12 per week; $35, $40
and $45 per month.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS:::
BAY AND RIVES ETEA3HEI13.
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing Ihis Afternoon, Sept. 8.
Special Matinee Monday, Admission Day
'Red Letter Week I .
New Faces, Features, Acts!
First Vaudeville Appearance of
GEO. W. LESLIE & CO.
In the N. T. Herald's $1000 Prize Play,
. "Chum."
. The Unbleached American,
ERNEST HOGAN, ,
Colored Comedian and Song "Writer.
LIBBY, TRAYER % GILBERT
In "The Debutante." New Songs and Spe-
cialties.
MLLE. LOTTY,
The Parisian Sensation.
LA VALLEE TRIO,
Brilliant Instrumentalists in New Selections.
FIVE SUNBEAMS,
English Singers and Acrobatic Dancers.
Talkative MISS NORTON
In a Change of Chatter.
THE.BIOGRAPH,
With th9 Latest Novel Views.
Farewell Week of the Great -
POWELL,
Premiere Magician and Illusionist-
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved. -A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of Balcony, reserved, 25c. .
LAST MATINEE AND EVENING OF
''kO5EDALIi."
Starting ADMISSION DAT ;¦ MATINEE To-
" ¦•— morrow. • . --/
Matinees 2 j sharp. Evenings 8 j sharp. '
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In an Elaborate Production • of ! Stanislaus
Stange's Dramatization of -
'•<P-U-O A/-A-O-1-S"
First presentation: of this version at Popular
Prices — 10c, < 15c, 23c, ' 5Cc, 75c. - -
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25o.
. . , Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
. . ¦ FAREWELL WEEK — .
To-night— To-morrow > Evening. •
Extra Matinee To-morrow— 25c • and Me
MR. JAM5S ANDTHi
¦—^PRESENTING- •'.¦ . . '/.
BARBARA TRIETCHIE
Tuesday * Evening. '..:'.'.... ... .THE JILT
Wednesday Ev'g.. A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee ."...:.. ::.... THE 'JILT
Thursday Evening....^.:... A ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell). ..THE LOTTERY.OF LOVE
. ; SEATS NOW READY. -.'
COMING— Hoyt' s Very Best, \ "A TEXAS
steer." :* : . . ;••; • ,
SUTRO BATHS. V
OPENINIGHTS.
. . OPEN DAILY "from 7 "a. • mj to 11 p. ra. - *
.Bathing from 7 a. m.- to 10:30 p. m. 1 - ¦•:
'ADMISSION. , 10c. CHILDREN." 5c.
Bathing, lncludins admission. 25c; children, 20c,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
And CIA 6UO AMEKICA.VA OS VAPOaE/
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,* Central
end South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 sn.
COLOMBIA...- Sept. 14IAREQTJIPA Oct. 12
TCCAPEL Sept. 2SILIMARI Oct. 2i
. These eteamexs ere built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger aervice.
(\ o change at. At-apulco or Panama.) Freight
and pamenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTKRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
MARK WKST SPRINGS— Registered at
Mark West Springs during the past week
were: F. Kiner and wife, Mrs. Mason,
Miss Mason, Miss W. Mason, R. W. Ma-
son, J. E. Bell, L.. E. Van Winkle, Mrs
A. Smith, Mrs. J. P. Atkin, Mrs. H. Van-
denburg, Thomas O'Dowda and Harry
Wicks of Honolulu, Henry J. Stafford
Mrs. Henry J.. Stafford, Frank J. Bayer
C. F. Schultz. Mrs. C. F. Schultz and
child. Henry Marquard, H. Hackfeld, Miss
E. Hollonauist, Miss Mary Shea, Miss
Agnes McVerry, Samuel Perkins, O.- J.
Norton. Charles M. Wilton, J. O'Reilly.
Mrs. S. R. Cusack.
8:45 a. m., 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except' Sun-
day. Eunday. 9:45 a. m., 8: JO p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:20 noon. • p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:16 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1&08. Landing and of-
flc«. pier J. Mlsslon-«t. «Jock. HATCH BROS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
COKFIGHIE GEKEKALS TBANSATLANTIQUS
DD3ECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Bailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42,' iranaMwat
JJorth River, foot of Morton street; 'La Savoie,
September 12; •L'Aquitalne. September 19; La
Bretagne, September £6; La Champagne, Octo-
fer 1.
First claes to Havre. S70 and upward. Second
«la*s to Havre. $45 and unward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. S2 Eroadway building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ag«nta, E Montgomery avenue. Kan Francisco.
•Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FftEEJ FHEEI
mXi&MKWin. ts permanently removed by DR.
a85^^H ir.d MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE.
SK\5SSS5«K* Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
Ss'-£-3«2rV!\eJ wltl1 he cl cctrtc nreclle. without
&i3?S3S 'AS pain or scar. First sitting free.
'f^ctM^I Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
fsSS^^Jl Toilet Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth
r*M[ """w Powders, 25c. ' All druggists.
flMMifaMaBB ' Large stock always at J. S. Potts
w'SpftlGKB'Sr Drug Co.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
¦vrith trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
eenger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by . Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
Cabin. J105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Lcelanaw sal's Tuesday , Sept. 10
6. S. Argyll sails , Oct.
6. £>• Leclannw eails , Oct.
From Howard-Etreet Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 3S0 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Aeent.
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA j PANAMA 013EGT,
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Klnps Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
II per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, Lessee.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
8S. HEBAPIS. 6000 tons, sailing Sept. ttth.
carrying passengers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burg. ?!* Mexican port*. Central and South
America. SS. SESOSTRIS. sailing about Nov. L
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. 643
Market «t. Pier No. 7. Freight Office, 327 Mar-
ket et.
KOSMGS LINE.
The only place In the United States where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths: Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
Proprietora.
VICHY SPRINGS.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and winter re-
sort In Lake County. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan 160 feet long. Write for cir-
cular. EDGAR DURNAN, Laurel Dell, Lake
County. Cal.
J. D.SFRECKELS 8c BEOS. CO., Gem tents. 327 Kartet SI
to'! Passenger flffia, 643 Harkel St., Pier Ko. 7. Paclfia St
R.B. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Famoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Sept. 12, 10 a. m
6. E. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
About Sept. 18
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Best. 21. 2 n. m.
oceawas.co.ssi?
BIG OAK FLAT,
TOSEMITE VALLEY.
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2\i hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Yoseznite Valley 5 p. m. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE, Gen.
Agent, 630 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F.; tel. Black 357L
_ CHicMcjrrcifs English
f^YROYAl PILLS
"tK = . — OHminml «n.l Only GcanlaeT •
d^ln BED «« Grid 1 meUUto U,^^^
* j& I / B "»*erf,u8 8«;»iUtnaoa« aad Imlta-
A _ •"•"•.I lO,«<'«T,.tlmo«i«ll. Soldi! J
L'eat.oaftUp«p«r. Mndlw, *<„«„,. I'nOJU 1*2
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
i ift' Steamers leave Broadway
¦W^ Wharf. San Francisco:
Bfffg For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
B?£aMk Sept. 4. S. 13. IS. 23. 2S. Oct.
: KBr*rS»iVHli *• Change ¦ to company's
FX™JWn 6te»mers at Seattle.
fflkJZjS %kf For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
SBKrjfml C) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
Taecma, Everett and Xew
*^ — «HJflt>^| Whatcom «"C\"ash.)— 11 a. m..
¦* Sept. 4, 8. 13. IS. 3. 28. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for thlt
compeer's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
*X Baattl* or Tacoma for K, P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver t» C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4, *, 14, 18. 24, 29, Oct. 4.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Ang-eles and Redondo (Los An-
peles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra. :
cte&mer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
au m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey, Ban Simeon, Caynco«. Port Harford
<San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura,, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and "Newport f'Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tues-
tfars, 8 a. m.
For Ensenada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jose d"l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Oturnu (Mm.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the ripht to change
eteamere. ealllnff days and hours of sailing.
Vlthout pr*rlor« notice
TICKET OFFICE- 4 Xew Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hot*l).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., On. Arents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R- & /V. CO.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points Fast and In the North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Euperlor Penic*— Quirk Time.
THE SHORT LIN'E TO
TCalia Wa.Ha and Spokane, and the Baiter City,
Lewlrton. Ooeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mlninjr Districts.
D. 17. HITtHCOCK, General Apent.
JTo. 1 Montgomery st.. Pan Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIT TORr. EOTTTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAB11
BtoDPing at Cherbourg, westbound,
yrom ICew Tork WV*ne*fl«jn, at 10 a_ m.
$L Paul Sept. 5'-! Philadelphia Oct. 2
Haverford Pept. 2" | «. Paul Oct. 9
St. Louis Pent. T.'.St. Ionf»= Oct. 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
JTrom New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Eanslngton Sept. J't Oct. 9
•Zeeland S»pt. 2'J'Vaderland Oct. 18
TVlesland Oct. 2lKensfnston Oct. 23
•Step at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAB. D. TAYT/3R.
Gen«ral Arent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery rt.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner Flrrt aad Brannan etreets. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOKGKOXG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connactlnc «t Hongkong with Ftearaers for
IniiliL. eto. Ko cargro received on board on
t*T of ealltncr.
BS. NTPPON* MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1901
68. AMERICA MARU
'We'lr.epday, October 23, 1S01
BS. HOKGKOXO MARU
Saturday,
Rounfl-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
frelrht and passage apply at company^ office.
421 Market street, corn«*r First.
TV. H. AVERT. General A (rent.
Novemlwr 16, 1301
¦¦HBiBEBiBBBmiiBuiHiEHBummnmNma
I CITY of PARIS 1
[ Dry Goods ¦ «^^^^ Company, f
j ...CLOAKS^AND SUITS... |
1 LATEST NOVELTIES. |
H E
£ Ladies' Novelty Suits, •. 5
| Silk, Velvet and Cloth Skirts, J
| Ladies' Three^Qnarter Coats and Box Jackets, |
| Ladies' Velour Jackets and Capes. §
I I
1 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS. §
I? A variety of styles, with Eton Blouse and Jacket effects — S
g tome are trimmed, others are made plain. S
g These garments are reliably made and man-tailored — the fit
E *nd finish cannot be excelled, as they were ordered with the special g
D intention of being sold at the exceptional value of E
I TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS. |
¦ * * a
¦ R
§ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, S
a SE. Corner Geary and StooHoa Streets, San Franoisoo. j|
Kl UNION SQUARE. R
H MAIL AJID EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION H
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BllBIlBMBBBglBIMBlBaiMaiBBIMlllBlM
! GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK andSUIT HOUSE
J"u.st Reoeiyed
ADDITIONAL NOVELTIES IN
TAILOR SUITS,
RAjGLANS, CAPES
arid SILK SKIRTS
Never before were such novelties offered at the commencement of the
. season at
'SUCH LOW PRICES. J
I TAILOR SUIT $10.
© : Pure Wool Black Venetian Tailor Suit, new Eton effect, a perfect fitting
© - garment, latest cut skirt, with 20 rows of silk stitching, positive value
g $15.00. OUR LOW PRICE..... ..:............•. ..?1O.OO
f TAILOR SUIT $20.
' High Grade 7 Navy Blue Venetian Tailor Suit, novelty Eton jacket, with
silk and velvet trimming, skirt is the very latest, elegantly silk and
velvet trimmed, lined throughout with silk moreen, excellent value
$27.50, OUR LOW PRICE $20.00
PEDESTRIAN SUITS $12.50
Made of pure wool, plaid back golfing .cloth, the new, graceful flare
flounce/ skirt excellent material and perfect fitting. -^
Novelty Tailor Suits, rich and exclusive styles; at.
.$25.00, $30.00, $32.50 and $35.00
FUR DEPARTMENT
¦: MORE VARIED AND ATTRACTIVE THAN BEFORE.
ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, with Astrakhan yoke, at. •*— «
$6.5O $7.5O, $1O.OO, $12.50, $15.00 1 AwrcT
RIVER MINK CAPES at ...•..;.......: Lwnwi
% ...$s.5o, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00. $20.00 MARKET
• NEAR SEAL CAPES at..... $20.00, $25.00, $30.00
• FUR JACKETS at... rKllE3.
• $i7.5o, $20.00, $25.00, $35.00, ysftfto jr - ¦ J
I 1230, 1232/1234 Market St.
©
No Dandruff.
SOFT, GLOSSY HAUL
It Can Only Be Had Where There Is
Any man or woman who wants soft,
glossy hair must be free • of dandruff,
which causes falling hair. Since it has be-
come known thJit dandruff is a germ dis-
ease the old hair preparations, were
mostly scalp irritants,' have been aban-
doned, and the public, barbers and doc-
tors included, have taken to using New-
bro's Herpicide, the "only hair prepara-
tion that kills _the dandruff germ. E.
Dodd, Dickinson, N. D., says: "Herpicide
not only cleanses the scalp from dandruff
and prevents, the hair's falling out. but
promotes a new growth. Herpicide keeps
my hair very glossy." ¦ < • • '. .
AMUSEMENTS.
I B| Saa'E
... EVENINGS AT- 8 SHARP.
MATINEE " SATURDAY 'AT 2 SHARP. . j
Continued Enormous Success of
GRAND OF*ERA
¦¦'¦ Musical Direction of Paul Stelndorff.
is" MIGNON
Week of Sept. 9th— The Two Most Popular
Operas Ever Written!
Monday, "Wednesday/, Friday/'""- Saturday!
. • Gounod's Immortal ¦ . - .^
1 SLflUHI MONTAVARI,
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and
¦« Saturday Matinee!
Bizet's Great Work! j —
REPETTO, gl .^ .
C0LUMAR1N1! M " -IIIUJI
LOOK AT THE GREAT CASTS!
UNEQUALED IN BOTH OPERAS!
POPULAR PRICES — 25c, 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Uyi»yifl»lM LEADING THEATRE
Beginning TO-MORROW.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE BRILLIANT SUCCtiSS.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
ANNIE
RUSSELL
In the Comedy of Romance,
"A ROYAL
FAMILY."
By R. MARSHALL*
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
n a n i? ft SEPTEMBER 16
Opening: of the fall and winter season, during:
which time the REGULAR PRICES will pre-
vail, as follows: $1 50, $1, 75c, 50c. 35c and 25c.
Seats ready next Thursday for the Inaugural
attraction. i ¦
THOS. Q.
SBABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Comic Romantic Play,
A MODERN CRUSOE,
J Wlth an Admirable Cast, Including
MISS ISABELLE EVESSON.
' ! - MATINEE • TO-DAY— 10c, 15c; 23c .
SPECIAL SOUVENIR MAT. TO-MORROW.
MONDAY (Admission Day).
TO-NIGHT and . Every Evening Next Week,
TRANSCENDENT TRIUMPH of Edward Els-
: ; ner'a , Spectacular "Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of . the Eminent ; American. Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING.
' 200 People on the Stage — A Great Cast.
PD IC US " KveninBs..".../..10o 1 15c. . 25c, 35c, ; EOo
• IHlWCiS Matinee*.............. 10c. 15c. 25o
Call,$1.00 per Year
A BTU Sr.MT.TTTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slippar
SUNDAY and MONDAY
SEPTEMBER 8th and Oth.
THREE GREAT
COURSING EVENTS!
- ¦"•." * - -
: CALIFORNIA
Futurity Stake
CLASS anfl
164— NOMINATIONS-^164
$3500-Total Purse-$35OO
MUSIC BY VON DERMEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Sunday— Leaves Third and Townsend streets,
10:13 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1p.m. Return-
ing at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
Monday— 10:30 and 11:30 a. m.; returnlruc after
the last course. San Mateo electric cars every
six minutes.
Admission 25 Cents.
TO-NIGHT.. 11L . 1NGOMAR
Extra Matinee Tfr-Morrow— Admiasion Day.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET,
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy.
The Taming of
the Shrew.
' EVERT NIGHT AT 8:15.' ''; * t'
CHUTES>d ZOO
Superb Vaudeville Bill!
— rNCLUDING—
Sisson, Wallace and Company, Tho
Standard Quartet, Ameta, Ink Al-
len, The Esmonds, Robert Nome,
Moving Pictures.
TO-MOSBOW — BIG ADMl^IOIT
DAY CELEBRATION. : :
.^FIREWORKS AT NIGHT . . -
: '¦ ; - . Telephone for Seat»— Park 23.
FTSCHFR'S concert house.
riOtnEAO Admission 10c.
Von Suppe"s . "BEAUTIFUL GALATEA." 1
Mao Tunlson, Wren and Linden. Merte Stantoa.
June Mathias, .Sam Holdsworth and our un- .
rivaled orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE
' •_ The«e hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
t****' 1st 8 and • travelers ap-
fiRANTi predate-^central loca-
UIVAllii , tlon. liberal manaye-
uatct e ment. modern - appoint-
nil 1 ULCj, nsents ¦ and perfect out*
tine. ¦ - V'
San - American aad Stun*
pean Diana, -
Francisco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MRS. NBTTIc HARRISON'S
4-Day Hair Restorer
Is a harmless preparation that restores
gray or faded hair to its natural color,
without any inconvenience or disagree-
able after effects. Not a dye; cleanly
to use; free from sediment or sticky
matter. Price $1.00 a bottle. All drug-
gists.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Geary St. San Francisco.
before it spoils your beauty, and puts
the seal of age on a youthful face.
Stops
Gray Hair
ADVERTISEMENTS?
*sy^. <i%,-«-^b- —^.
/? : \ I Face Powder
Is the purest made; it removes freckles
and blemishes and keeps the skin soft
asa rose. All ladies use it. Sample'
. aud booklet free. - . ; /• ¦'¦ : .
J. A. rozzbai Co., Stl LouisiTMo.
AJDVEB.TISEM1INT3.
AI7V13BIFISI5BO3NTSLTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SXJND AT, SEPTEMBER^ 8, 1901.
28
WANTED- Twenty reliable men to act as
guards; ex-soldlers bring discharge; other
references. Apply to-day (Sunday) between
10 and 12. H. F. McGURREN, 4183 Twentieth.
WANTED— 250 able-bodied men, ex-soldiers or
marines preferred; bring discharges or recom-
mendations. Apply room 10, 325 Montgomery
St.; wages S3 per day and bonus.
MANAGERS In each State; wealthy co— >ora-
tion; salary J18 weekly and expenses: Inclose
self-addressed stamped envelope. Manager
305 Caxton building. Chicago. s '
WANTED— By manufacturing house, resident
manager for general sales agency; salary
$1500 and commissions; offlce duties; must
furnish $2000 and references. District Mana-
ger, 722 Union Trust Bldg.. Cincinnati, O.
WANTED— Bill clerk: must be" a good pen-
man, rapid and accurate at fl-ures. Apply
Tuesday before 11 o'clock, superintendents
offlce. The Emporium.
WANTED— Young man for general offlce work-
must be quick and accurate at figures and
able td operate typewriter; age about '0
years. Box 212. Call offlce.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union: no office fees. Mechanics' Rogls-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st., room 24.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen help: also experienced restaurant
steward; offlce open Sunday. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Apprentice over 18 In electrical or
mining engineering, assaying; no salary first
year. Address box 152. Call offlce.
WANTED— Cashboy 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
Address box 192. Call offlce.
YOUNG man about 19 In offlce of whol<»sal»
house; must be quick at figures and write a
good hand. Address box 191, Call offlce.
GOOD steady man to drive milk wagon. Apply
239 Seventh st. . _^^
WANTED— A first-class packer. Apply Tues-
day morning at superintendent's offlce. The
Emporium.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years old for broker's
offlce. Apply In own handwriting, box 213.
Call offlce.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and help wait at
counter. 1201 Flllmore st., corner Turk.
GOOD strong errand boy about 15; $3 per week.
543 California at. ; call Monday.
STEADY, willing boy to learn trade: good op-
portunlty.. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
COMPETENT stove man as stock clerk; also
strong boy in wholesale, house. Box 194. Call.
BOY wanted. HENRY RAHN & CO., «42 Mar-
ket st. - "1
¦WANTED— Boys to work in paper can factory.
Apply at 434 Jackson st.
WANTED—Blacksmlth. JOSEPH PIEROTTX,
Second and Franklin sta., Oakland,
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franciaoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open until 9:50 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; open until 8:S0 p. xn,
1941 MlESlon street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op*n
until 9 ix zo.
106 Eleventh street; opes until 9 p. m.
IMS Valencia ctreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-seoond and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p.' m.
2200 Flllmore Btreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
A— CHURCH of St. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal), corner Stelner and Union sts. — Union-
tt. cars pass the door; high mass at 11 a. m. ;
masses of the masters, arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind Instrument
accompaniment ; solemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 In the afternoon; "Ave Maria, '
"Gregorlans," ""O Salutaris" and "Tantum
Ergo," arranged for 'St. Mary the Virgin;
John Haraden Pratt, F. C. M.. director of
the choir; mass said dally at 7:30 a. m.; ves-
pe— dally at 5 p. m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.,
rector. Holy communion, 7:S0 and 11 a. m.
Morning eervice, 11 o'clock. Evening service,
4 o'clock. Friday service at 11 a, m. for
army and navy. The rector will preach.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St..
near Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson,
pastor. Morning. 11 o'clock, preaching by
Rev. EL R. Bennett. "Mission Churches of
California"; solo by the pastor, "Far, Far
Away" (McGranahan). Evening, 7:45 o'clock,
preaching by Rev. J. George Gibson, "Will
Ye. Also Go Away?" Barytone solo by the
pastor, "Come" (McGranahan).
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. corner of
O*exy and Franklin sta.— Rev. Bradford
Le&vltt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minis-
ter en_ rltus. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock; the mot— .ng service at 11. Rev. Mr.
2>>avltt will preach; subject. "Two Great
XHtncul tiee in the 'Way of Moral Movement—
Indifference and Sectarianism." All are cor-
dially Invited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth eta Rev. E. F. r>in-moro. minis-
ter. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. The
morning theme will be "The Blessing of
Hunger." There will be no evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason eta. — R«v. George C. Adams. D. D.. ;
pastor, has returned and will conduct all ser-
vices. At 11 a. m. t communion and reception
of members. At 7:45 p. m., an address by
the pastor, "The Paradise of the Pacific"
All are cordially invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement St.— Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 341. Jackson st.,
telephone Pine 447E. Services at 11 a. m.
Sermon by the Rev. J. A. Crazan. Services
at 7:45 jk. — _ Sermon by the pastor on
"Our Beloved President and the Anarchists."
6IMP6ON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ; topic of evening
sermon, "From Simon to Cephas," with pre-
lude on "Anarchy and the Tragedy at Buf-
falo." Music by large choir under the direc-
tion of I. E. Blake. Seats free. All invited.
Sunday-school at 9:46 a. m. Ep worth League
at 6:45 p. ra.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion Bt., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. Hutainpiller will preach at 11 o'clock on
th« topic, "The True Gospel for the Pins and
Sorrows of this Wounded Nation To-day."
At 7:45 Roscoe Warren Lucy guides a holy
musical service and the pastor speaks appro-
priately to the closing service of his pas-
torate here.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church— Services in
Bt John's Church, corner California and Oc-
tavia 6ts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D. D., pas-
tor: Rev. George C. Eldredge, associate pas-
top-elect. Mr. Eldredge will preach at 11 a.
— .. service; topic, "Secret of Success;" Mr.
Eldredge will preach at 7:45 p. m. ; topic,
"The Preliminary of Charity." Sunday school
after the morning service. Christian En-
deavor Society, 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting,
• Wednesday evening, i p. xn.
BEVEXTH Day Adventist Church, 914 Laguna
et., bet. McAllister end Golden Gate ave.—
Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by the
pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler. Subject, ''The
Imagination as a Cause of Sickness and Suf-
fering or Mind Cure." All are cordially In-
vited. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 2_S Sutter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. ; subject. "Substance." Sunday
echool for children at the same hoar. Wed-
needay evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free
reading-room, 206 Kearny St., room S10. All
are welcome.
DIVINE services will be held on /<¦%>* •"I"^
the cb—ing holidays by the __! ' | | | |
cantor. S. Goldstein, with a choir at the Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market sts.
Tickets can be had Sunday, the 8th and Fri-
day, the 22th, and all day at the hall.
THE First Mental Science Temple of San
Francisco meets every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock in Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter St.;
new thought subjects presented. The public
cordially Invited to attend. This morning
Mr. J. Adams Rollins will lecture on "Self-
development." Seats free. Collection will be
taken.
rKE Tbeoaophical Society— Free public lec-
tures every Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood build-
ing. 809 Market St. Subject to-night, "Evolu-
tion %-s. Revolution," by Miss Marie A.
Walsh. Questions solicited. Bible class Sun-
day at 11 a. m. Students' class, T. S. princi-
ples, Thursdays, 2:30 p. m. Public cordially
Invited. Library now open.
rHEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night in Odd Fellows' building at 8 p. m.
by the Rev. W. E. Copeland. Subject, "New
light from the Pyramids." (Of special Jnter-
est to Master Masons. >
MEETINGS SCXDAY.
AAp-DR, 3. A. KERGAN lectures this evening
at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 3C9 Market
B_: subject. "The Skin. Its Functions and
Diseases"; magnificently illustrated; those at-
tending this lecture may procure free tickets
for wonderful X-Ray exhibition at Sanita-
rium, Tuesday evening: remember the ques-
tion box; Etran_i— rs welcome; open 7:30; lec-
ture S:15 sharp; no collection.
OAKLAND Maecabee Temple. 11th and Clay
rtsu— Sixth annual convention Cal. S. S. Ass.;
10 a. m., conference; l:S0, short speeches.
Rrosle, inj-tru— ental and vocal; 7:30. piano
recital and short address by Mme. Jeanette
Crawford, vocal music by Miss Fannie Ray-
mond, Miss Marian Trade and Miss Maud
Campbell and presentation of the spiritual
philosophy by MRS. R. S. LILLIB.
A PROOF positive test Beance— Brockway. the
peycblo, will give his wonderful test seance
to-night. Tuesday and Thursday nlghtp at
S:l_ o'clock, under full glare of the gas light:
•very one will receive a communication; full
names; 108 communications given last Sun-
flay night; admission 25c. 299 Hyde, cor Eddy.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Eon., Tuee., Fri.. 8 p. m.. 60c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give name*; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st.; tel. 2275 Larkin
EPIRITUAL test meeting. 909 Market, rear hall
— U, free; 2-8, 10c Mrs. Swan. Mme. Max-
welL Stoddard, Kotter, Le6ter, Harrison, Mc-
Kee. inspiration singer; others.
JOHN HULTHEN. clairvoyant, palmist and
card readers: reveals past, present and future-
>0c. 1007^ Market, near Sixth.
A— I. F. T. Bible S. S. and church. 909 Miu>
ket: U. free; 2-8, 10c; Seely, Wilton, Hale
Heusman, S o'clock.
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting to-night, 10c: also
Monday, 8 p. m. 148 Sixth et.. room 82- sit-
tings daily.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD— Convincing test: all circles
10c; Sunday. Tuesday; readings dally. 278 9th.
KATIE HEUSSMANN— Sittings daily circle
Monday evening. 136 West Mission, nr. lith.
VAN ANKKN— Free palmistry lecture with
free readings, 8 o'clock this e\-e. 423 Ellis st.
W. G. KEEGAN hold7 6 pl ritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth «t.. 2d floor.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, 305 Larkin— Daily except
Wednesday and Saturday; hours 1 to 6 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S Fpirltual test meeting,
32G0 224, bet. Mission & Valencia, 8 p. m. ; 10c
A SPIRITUAL Beance this evening. 7:30 10c-
read, daity. 50c MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak!
C. V. MILLER'S materializing eeance, 1084
Bush, near Leavenworth, 8 p. m. ; 60c.
EDWARD EARLE'S grand seance to-night 32?
Ellis St.: names In full; messages.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
MCCTI\GS---Unlvfrgal Brotherhood,
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society, 210 O'Farrell et.— Entertainment and
Greek symposium, "The Wisdom of Hypatia,"
Sept. 13, 8:15 p. m.. given by members ol
Lodge No. 7. To-night, members' meeting.
HEETIXG NOTICES.
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special .&>
party excursion, leaving San Fran- j. TR^
clseo . S a. m.. Sept. 11; returning. *i3<v__«
leave Sacramento Sept 12, S:20 a. m.
D. O. K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to H. SCHAFFNER, C Eddj
et. (phone Bush 6), or E. ULMAN, 909 Mar.
ket rt. (j'hone South 372) not later than 9tt
lost.
CARPET ' BEATING AIH) jj CXE ANINO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work;
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid.l05 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid 3o per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 1511H Market St.; phone Mint 1093.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
, tel. Main 894.' GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. ' G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and' Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et. ; tel. Mission 74.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
_^ _i ' ' ____
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 60;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without. plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
havrs your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowrts,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co:. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
_on weekly installments: lowest rates.
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
st.; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fllllnga, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1E41 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 813% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 3135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor, Ex-
, amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low. tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Maaon
and Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments — Art, business, clvJ! service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.. .
ATBES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,"
spelling, Sapnish, etc.; experienced teachers;
j new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency seouring
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bids:.; individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis booltkeeplng and the
Gregg shorthand costs/only $60.' San Fran-
"¦""ciyeo Busfne-s College. 1236 Market St." - - : ..- '
SPANISH school— Dally, 4 to 9:30 p. m. with
MeYrill-Mlller College, room 42, Parrott bldg.
SPANISH— Conversation, letters: rapid method;
classes daily; $3 mo. Prof. Maya, 210 Eddy st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandoiln. guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-pagre catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426. .
SAM KEE & CO., employment office — Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California st.; tel. R«>d 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8. i
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
REFINED middle-aged "Eastern lady wishes
position as matron, managing housekeeper or
companion; best of references; city or coun-
try. Box 176, Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day.
Address, M.S., 128A Eighth St.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York, '
wants engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST, 509 Kearny st.
WANTED — A. position as saleswoman In mil-
linery store; references. : E. H., 603 Pt. Lobos.
.A COMPETENT nurse desires position ; $1 a
day. reference given. Apply 767 Folsom St.
WANTED — Position -by trained nur«=e: rrad"-
nte from one of the largest training schools
and hospitals In tho East; 6 years' experience;
best . rtferencf-s. Box 221, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and ladles' tailor
wishes work by the day In families; only
$1 75. Telephone Sutter 1873. . I
YOUNG woman from the country desires posi-
tion as housekeeper or to travel for. a house.
Box 60, Call offlce. ¦„
DRF.SSMAKING, rapid, reliable work; guaran-
tee perfect fit; $1 50 per day. Call or address
22 Page st. .' ' : ' . - . -
RELIABLE, competent woman wants work by
the day; good reference. 937 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. MRS.' G.,
134 .Erie fit. ; ' .
A WOMAN wishes position to do janitor work;
can furnish best of personal reference. Box
215, Call office. ¦ '
WOMAN wl?hes situation as working house-
keeper or lady's nurse; city preferred. 523
Howard st. - - ¦
YOUNG German girl wants position for up-
stairs work. 17 Hollis.st.
REFINED young woman; good sewer and read-
.. er. wlllwait on, invalid or make herself use-
ful In capacity of nursery governess; coun-
.. try references. Box 210. Call ; of flee.
A' LADY of middle age wishing to go East
would like 'to chaperon young ladies or inva-
lid. Box 2307, Call offlce., Oakland. ;
AN Al. milliner "will make up', ladles* own; ma-
terials or furnish, material and do the work
well at . reasonable prices. .'Box 141, Call. .;¦ .
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; -refined and trustworthy;
¦light work; moderate wages. '.Box 138, Call.
JAPANESE, honest, faithful girl, wants situa-
tion to do help In a family. Box t68. Call; ¦
"WINCHESTER House, 44. Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c, to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient .and respectable; free
'bus and, baggage to and from ferry. ' ¦' ', •
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
..subscriptions has been established at • 1096
•¦"-Valencia Et. ../.;• '¦:.¦.;."'.;?¦; '•':,,. ; : ..;. ,.»: • - ; -; ', -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200' Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S newnfor 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing; $1 per year.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY. \ ,
Carpenters. . ; -^
Experienced Piledrtver Hands, "
Experienced Raftsmtn.
For work in this city at China Basin. Potr*ro>
and for various Jobs along the water front,
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunter.
¦ Point drydocka.
Steady work at regular wage's.
We are starting new Jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN..
Room 13, 4 California _u
. EMPLOYMENT WAifTEP MALE.
TO master bakers— An energetic, steady Scotch-
man; 23 years' experience; biscuit, 'bread or
i pastry; machine or hand; can take full man-
agement if necessary. J. DOUGLAS. Brook-
lyn Hotel, city. - ¦
YOUNG, experienced winery man and distiller
wants position; Is also rood -fireman and
- handy about machinery; reference. Box 185,
i Call offloe. . -__ *
YOUNO man wants situation as nurse or valet.
Box 188, Call office.
WANTED— A steady, sober man with $75 for
'.¦a plain e very-day business: will pay $15 to
$18; hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; place per-
v manent. California Business Exchange, 78
Third St., room 2. [ ' ' .
MAN wishes a position in hotel or store; Is a
good cabinetmaker; non-union man. Box 190.
Call office. _^ ¦ .
WANTED— A position as man about place;
competent gardener and good all-round man.
Address E. C, 207 Montgomery ave.
YOUNG man, well educated in German and
English, desires position: best of references
and recommendations given; country pre-
ferred. Box 184. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man 'wants a position in pri-
vate place; can handle horses and cows; state
wages. Address D. E., general delivery, Han-
ford, Cal. ' -
FIRST-CLASS bootblack would like a situa-
tion. Box 180, Call office. - .- - • ¦¦
GOOD all-around man wants position in pri-
vate, place; understands the" care of horses;
•good driver; can milk and attend to garden;
good references. Box 199, Call office. •
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situation; pri-
vate residence; the care of flowers, lawn, veg-
etables, horses and milk; useful and obliging;
city or country. Box 198, Call office.
MAN and wife wants position together in
first-class country hotel; man as manager,
clerk or bartender; Is a first-class mixer;
wife as housekeeper, waitress or chamber-
maid; both thoroughly experienced in hotel
business; first-class references. Address
P. O. box 674, Oakland, Cal.
MEN'S furnishings, hats advertiser wants sit-
uation; view partnership; 15 years' experi-
ence; window dresser; adv. writer; good, all
round; reliable. Box 200, Call.
EXCELLENT reliable business man requires
situation; view to partnership: Al worker;
good references. Reply In confidence for in-
terview. . Box 160, office.
AMERICAN and wife wish situations on
ranch or dairy; man la a good ranch hand;
, also first-class butter and cheese maker; wife
is 'a good cook and housekeeper. Address
214 Fifth st.
YOUNG man, well educated and experienced In
railroad and newspaper work ¦would like any
position for which above knowledge would
qualify him. Address box 207, Call.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by married man with
a business experience and possessing a moder-
ate income; collector, office work or any posi-
1 tlon of trust requiring intelligence, accuracy,
1 integrity and faithful service; unexceptionable
; references furnished. Box 209, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; neat appearance; sober; use no to-
bacco; willing and obliging; good horseman
and driver; fine all-around man; many years
with same employer; undeniable references;
wages $45 and found. . Address this week,
M. M., 221 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS teacher wishes to teach morn-
Ings and evenings for room and board. Box
213. Call office.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 216. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man and wife. German speak-
ing, no children; man good driver and handy
about place; wife good cook or housework;
best references. Address HENRY, room 12,
867 Clay st., Oakland.
WANTED by a first-class baker — A position in
country; working alone preferred. Address
box 83, Call office. - .
COOK— A' middle aged, man would like to get
a place to do plain cooking in a small coun-
try town. Please address Cook, 549 Howard.
JAPANESE dentist wants situation as me-
chanical assistant at dental parlor. Address
TAKE, 105 Prospect place.
A PRACTICAL ladles' cutter and tailor wishes
position at once. Box 121, Call office.
Al MARRIED man wants charge orchard,
stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6, San Mateo.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, do housework,
wants situation in city or country; have best
references; wages $7. O. NAKA, 423 Steven-
eon st. .
WANTED — By first-class barkeeper, situation
¦ in city or country. . Box 148. Call office.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants to work In store
or office; best reference. Box 119. Call office.'
SOBER business man wishes position in office
or store; can drive business wagon; speaks
French, German and English. Address box
2305. Call office. Oakland.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange — A beautiful home in San Jose
for Income San Francisco property; place con-
tains about 3 acres full-bearing orchard, all
varieties fruit; an elegant 8-room house with
, large basement; fine well, windmill and tank;
flowers and lawn; modern Improvements;
worthy Investigation; good income property.
Adress box 4999. Call office. '
FEATHERS REyOYATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated."E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2682.
/ . ' FINANCIAL. - '
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (lnc.)-^We
have 43 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
$65—931 EDDY st., near Franklin; a beautiful
new upper flat just completed, containing all
modern conveniences, 10 rooms and bath, sa-
loon, reception hall, etc. ; can be rented with
' carpets If desired. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE
' & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
A NEW flat, 411 Cole st. ; sun in every room ;
tiled bathroom; beamed and frescoed ceilings;
' marble steps and vestibule; looking out. on
Park; almost every room a bay-window; can
be seen between 10 and 4 o'clock every day.
$16—3711 SEVENTEENTH St., 5 rooms, bath;
$16 — 226 Thirtieth st., near Church. 6 rooms, \
bath, high basement. PATTERSON & CO..
11 City Hall square. •
EDDY. -95i4, north side, between Franklin and j
Gough— Elegantly decorated flat, 9 rooms; all |
modern Improvements. !
LOWER fiat, 7 rooms, bath; 2 patent closets;
high concrete basement; modern Improve-
ments; $23. 130 Second ave., near California.
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick st». —
Fine rew sunny (lets. 7 . rooms and bath:
rent reasonable.
MODERN' downtown cozy flat, sunny; rent rea-
sonable: sec owner. DAKIN, 104 Sutter St..
corner Montgomery. r .'
A CLEAN, sunny, newly papered; 1 month
free. > 250 Teiama- St., near Third.
ALJPINE. 173 — New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern improvm'ts: sun every room; $25.
• BRODERICK st.» 1603, cor. Sutter— Beautiful
sunny modern flat;. rent reasonable. .
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth. .
FLAT 5 rooms and bath. 30 Bluxome St., near
.Fourth ; rent • reasonable.
FLAT, 5 rooms, 911 Filbert St.. with all mod-
ern im:>rovemenls: rent $13.
HOWARD,' 1133— A flat of 4 nioa sunny rooms;
a large cellar; cheap rent..
NINETEENTH," 4036— Sunny cor. flat," 4 rms.,
bath: modern Improvements; rent reasonable.
BUCHANAN, 1920%— Sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath; ?17; no children or dors. " .
TO let— 2 new flats of 6 and 7 rooms. SE. cor-
ner Twenty-second and Harrison sts.
MCALLISTER,. 2 02— Upper flat; $23. -
MODERN flat of 3' rooms. Inquire at 310 Wal-
ler st. ¦-¦
NINETEENTH.' 4052— Sunny corner . flat, -five
rooms and bEth. ¦¦ '
I O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
STEVHNSON, 413,- near Fifth— Upper i flat. > 5
. rooms; rent $13; water free.v
TO ' LET — Sunny flat of 4 .rooms. Northwest
I corner Brodorlck and.Post sts.; rent $10.
MODERN, sunny 5-room flat. 916 CaDD St..
' near . Twenty-fourth. - ¦*
$17 50 — FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; 571 Hayes
< st., : near Laguna; no small children.
$13— LOWER flat 4 clean rooms and hall ; yard.
430 Seventh st.." near Harrison. : ,
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
CLAYTON, ." 764— Completely furnished sunny
upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; close to park;
. rent $40. 7 LYON & HOAG. 114 "Montgomery.
FINELY furnished flat of 4 large. sunny rooms;
bathroom; beautiful grounds; most desirable
•. .place. 1 ' 7C6 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
NICELY furnished upper j fiat of 7 rooms and
.' -bath. ¦ 21 Belcher > St.. between Sanchez : and
¦¦ Church, > Thirteenth and Fourteenth. ' »' - ¦ - ,
NEWLY " furnished sunny flat, '. 7 rooms- and
bath, to let. 430 Eddy; st.
. . F1_-.TS WANTED.
• Powell; no children; state price. Box 217, lau.
WANTED-A sniaH flat of 4 rooms north of
Market at. Box 196^Call office.
FRAMES AND^PICTURES.
§^,fc™_ffi_Mg_pSgS=:
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
$17 50^smJD^ak~bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1-Solid oak chair; factory g, rl . ce -_,«i.«m 1T>8
J2-Enamel beds, all sizes L , F n ols ° m _jr_'
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. lOta.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. ~ Ith _.N_- *
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 123 & "2 Ellis.
S000 yds carpet. 2 silk plush sofaa. "J? 3 ?, 1 !*!^!"
nut ext. table. P. Greenwalt. 708 Valencia st.
HARDWOOD • bedroom sets, kitchen table.
writing desk cheap. 917 Gearv at.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction" Co., lwiliarket— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; 'phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
, ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bougnt.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. wollpert, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
, D. & F. new $1 gloves-retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN .& CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 head waitresses, city and country $30
Waitress, south, fare advanced $25
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels....
$20. $25
Waitress, Marysville $20
Waitress, Sausallto $20
Waitress, Red Bluff $20
Waitress. Watsonville $20
Waitress. Antioch $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls
can secure positions by applying to
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO..
' 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 head waitresses, city and country $30
• Waitress, south, fare advanced $25
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels
• $20 and $23
Waitress, Marysville $20
Waitress, Sausalito $23
Waitress. Red Bluff, arm work $30
Waitress. Watsonville $20
Waitress, Antioch $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks and housegirls, second glrl3, nurseglrla
can secure position by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress. $30; 5 chambermaids
and seamstresses, $25, private families; 2 par-
lormaids and waitresses, $25; German second
girl, $20; 7 second girls. $20-$25; hotel cook.
$35; Protestant cook for men. $30; cook for
miners, $30; man and wife, $35, as dishwasher
and chambermaid and waitress ; hotel wait-
resses, $20 and $23, city and country; 3 res-
taurant waitresses, $7-$8 a week; working
housekeeper. $20; laundryman and wife. $60;
3 first-'class nurses, $25; seamstress and cham-
bermaid, $25; lots of other situations to be
filled; call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter St.
5 cooks, German style, $30; cook and second
. girl, city, $30 and $20; cook and second girl,
Oakland, $25 and $20; chambermaid and
seamstress, $25; nurse for invalid, $25; board-
ing house cook. $30; 8 second girls, $25 and
$20; housegirl, 2 in family, $25; 20 young girls
to assist, $15 to $20; several other places.
WANTED— Refined, Intelligent woman to act
as matron and superintendent of a training
school for little girls; must be good cook and
thorough housekeeper, of gentle, patient dis-
position; hours 1 to 6 p. m. daily and 3 even-
ings weekly; salary $30 month; references.
Box 219, Call office.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed; 5 ladles and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
WANTED— A bright, ntjat, accurate young lady
copyist and do some collecting; wages $6 per
week: hours 7 a. m. to 3 p. m. Box 156,
¦ Call office.. . . 1 ; . .. . .. ;
WANTED— Operators on laundried and negligee
shirts; a toy inexperienced taught. Apply
THE L. ELJCUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED — An experienced art goods saleslady:
one who understands stamping. Apply at
HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Young lady to be developed as a
medium: willing to travel when taught. Box
' 195, Call office. | .
GIRL to assist in light housework; 2 in family;
no washing. Call Tuesday forenoon, 1824
O'Farrell st. —
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. O.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st.
GERMAN girl for 8-year-old boy and assist In
light upstairs, work. Call Sunday forenoon, 502
Fulton st.
WANTED— Healthy woman with common
school education for position as commercial
traveler. Box 202, Call office. .
GIRL for general housework In flat; wages $20
to $25. Apply Monday 901 Taylor St., corner
Pine. -
YOUNG apprentice in glove factory. F. G.
CONKLIN & CO., 413 Sacramento St.
YOUNG German widow wants a girl for house-
work. Call after 1 p. m., 602 Minna st.
WANTED — Young ladies to train for nurses.
Apply between 6 and 7 p. m., 1609 Jackson st.
GLOVE makers: driving and Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co., 25 Market st.
EXPERIENCED sewers on ladies' waists;
good work. NEWBAUER BROS.. 507 Market
OPERATORS on children's coats; good wages.
656 Mission St.. fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to take
' work heme. 656 Mission st., fourth floor.
I WANTED— Good trimmer. MRS. S. THOMAS.
j 114 Grant ave. _^
' A GIRL to assist in housework; wages $12. Call
1259 Octavia st.
NOON waitress. Call early Monday and Tues-
day at 513 Brannan St., near Fourth.
LUNCH waitress wanted. Apply 631 Clay
street. •
GIRL for general housework. Apply Monday
or Tuesday before noon. 1810 Gough st.
WANTED— Woman to assist in housework and
plcin washing; no objection child. ¦ 137 Carl.
WANTED— Operators on gloves. O. W. NOLL
& CO.. 431 Fulton st.
WANTED— 25 pretty girls for "Carmen." Ap-
ply at Tlvoli Monday. 1 p. m. ' - .
WANTED— A young lady to assist in printing
office; clerical work. Box 220, Call office.
LADIES! LADIES! LADIES!
Visit the McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School; now is the time to enter; thor-
ouph course given In dressmaking and milli-
nery; competent teachers: ladies make their
own dresses; perfect fit guaranteed: the lat-
est French books; patterns cut to order; spe-
cial class rates; call or send for circular.
MCDOWELL'S, 1019 Market st.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levi Strauss &
Co.'s factory, 32V6 Fremont St.; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR
DAVIS.
i HAND SEWERS WANTED. "
; LEVI STRAUSS Ar.CO..
36H Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Hindshaw.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on panta; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
. Ml Market st.
, HAIRDRESSING. dyeing, bleaching, massage
. manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; employl
mer.t guaranteed. College. 143 Stockton, r. 15.
EXPERIENCED hands on skirts and waists-
steady work and best pay. MME LUCIE
PILGER, 8 and 10 Kearny st. . "
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
: self-assertion; good opportunity to rleht nar-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott buildSg.
WANTED in an American family of four
adults a girl for general housework: wages
$20. A p D iy 2822 Pine st. g »"» wages
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles'. silk and wool
waists;. also apprentices. S. F. Mfr. Co B23
Market st. *?_.. T
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer wanted
MISS RICHARDS. 962 Valencia st. wanceq -
i YOUNG German girt to do light housework
and care for children. 528 Potrero ave..- .
; WANTED-Tailoress; also apprentice on vests.
. O. SIEGELER. 461 Jessie st. -
. HAND i sewers, ¦ crocheters and t apprentices
I GANTNER & MATTERN, 1017 Hy^Jl; "w
California.
HELP WAOTEP— - FEMALE — Com. (
xr ANTED— Students to learn balrdresming.
bleaching and dyeing. In two
weXfo? $5. Boston Hair Dressing College.
E20$a Taylor st., near Post
OPERATORS on overalls. Apply HETNB-
MANN & CO?. % Hill st.. off Valencia, b^
mien Twentyflnit and Twenty-second.
FXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negll-
Market st.
EXPERIENCED «lrl» wanted; bookbladery.
536 Clay at. ,
WANTED-A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st.
GIRL or woman for light hoaaewoiic and car*
of 2 children. 728 Ellis st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; references,
reQ u tred. 1101 Green st.. corner Leavenworth.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coata; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market st. '
WANTED-Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folaom st.
A BRANCH office for Call ¦* r «ffJ s «™ e _£ «£*
subscriptions has been established at 10»#
Valencia st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
It Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore *.
HELP WAXTEP— 31AXE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 534J
...Leading Employment Agents
...634-636 Clay st
I!**."Offlce open to-day, Sunday. 1 a, m
.TO-DAY, SUNDAY
'".'.'.'.. R R men. ship to-day, Sunday.. ......
50 teamsters. Ukiah Free far.
wages $2 to $2 50 day
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK
175 laborers to work on section, steel ballast
and extralangs at Stockton. Fresno. Bakers-
fleld and Merced districts JKJL*7_fnI_
Free Fare. • shl ? D* 11 *
MECHANICAL .................
Blacksmith, sawmill company... $60 and found
Blacksmith, vineyard, easy *°*- •^ a °* '°£ n< _
Blacksmith helper, ranch. $35 and found, a
other blacksmiths; plasterer for an institu-
tion $3 per day and found; carpenter, city
Job $3 day machine blacksmith, $3 aO; en-
gineer and 'handy mechanic around prtvata
Place, see party here. $50 and found; black-
smith and -run engine, ranch; 2 stonemasons;
cwenter \ fa M &;-QiJXRkiEs:::::::::::::::
".'" LABORERS. ETC £_— *_
25 single-hand miners, different mines $75 and
$55 and found; 6 miners, $60; 2o drillers ana
hammersmen, quarry, $60 and $87 50; it*
laborers for gold and silver mines, north and
gouth $30 to $T5 and found
250 men for quarry work. .$2. $2 25 and $40 & fd
10 laborers. Santa Clara Co $34 and found
10 laborers for a salt company $175 day
350 laborers for different Jobs, city and coun-
try ,..wa_e8 $175 to *4 day
S^. L^ E .^ S FXRMsVDXiRiE9."ETC:
3 choremen fdr private places, $30 and found;
13 deck hands, $40 and found; 3 sailors; 8 sta-
blemen, hostlers and buggy washers, $60; 87
farm hands, steady Jobs. $23 to $35 and found:
23 choremen and boys. $13 to $30 and found : la
milkers, different dairies. $30 to $40 and found;
6 canwashers. city jobs, $30 and found •
10 lumber pilers, north, $60; 15 men to work
around sawmill. $2 day: 10 laborers, sawmill.
Sonoma Co., $30 and found; 5 croscut saw-
yers, $45 and found •
HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT -
Second cook, mine company boarding-house,
fare paid, to go to-day. Sunday, $10 and
found; 3 camp waiters, mine. $30 and found:
2 dishwashers. ranches. $25 and found; 18
cooka, hotels, restaurants, city and country,
$30 to $60 and found; 14 waiters. $25 to $33 and
found; 15 kitchen hands, dishwashers and reg-
etablmen: 3 butchers; 3 porters: 3 elevator and
bellboys; cook, small boarding-house, country.
! $35 and found, and 500 others too numerous to
mention; call and read our bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FRUIT PICKERS LOOK HERB
MEM AND STRONG BOYS.
25 men and boys to pick fruit and work in all
kinds of fruits for a lay company orchard, $30
and found, $1 25 fare, no experience required,
anybody will suit on this job; 25 hop pickers,
$1 per hundred. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY
TO-DAY, SUNDAY
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fara
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers .....$_ a day
FOR NEVADA
10O teamsters ......$_ a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers $175 to $3
100 laborers $1 73 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
ICO drillers and headers $2 23 to $3 50
100 muckers and laborers 12
FOR SANTA FB SYSTEM
60 laborers, section work SI 75
Free Fare Ship to-day Free Fare
C. R. HANSES & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third 3t.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
UKIAH! UKIAH!
FREE FARE!
50 R. R. laborers. Ukiah $2 per day
50 R. R. teamsters. Ukiah.. $2 to $2 23 per day
50 axmen. Ukiah .$3 per day
Free fare to Fresno. Merced and Bakersfleld
50 shovelers for Santa Fe R. R.: 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R. $175 per day
10 lumber pilers and yard men $2 a day
10 laborers, country $2 per day
Mexican to make tamates. Seattle.. Free* fare
Experienced pot washer, city, 6 days week $8.
10 quarrymen, $2 per day, board 60c per day.
3 men, same ranch $30 per month
Cooks, sailors and deckhands for England.
Honolulu or Japan: green or experienced....
$40 per month and found
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market' st., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 ROOMS on O'Farrell...................... $426
M rooms on Geary St.... 1900
100 rooms; clears $360; payments to suit.. 6000
18 rooms; transient; only $400 cash........ 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
86 rooms; on Market st -. 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st ".... 450
48 rooms; clears every month $300........ 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall........ 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80. 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1600 .
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 ..800
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150.......... 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home.. ....' 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st.; new........ 750
82 rooms; of flees; clears $250 3500
91 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN. , .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
6-room flat, new furniture $32?
15 rooms; full of steady roomers.... 850
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
17 rooms, $700; 12 rooms BOO
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth 175
40 rooms; on Third ; .....1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
B0 rooms: rent $100: clears $250 150O
100 rooms: grand corner; clears $400 6000
8 rooms; on Ellis; clears $.35 650
28 rooms; on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $160 2350
MONEY LOANED Phone Jessie 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st, and 8 Stockton St.,
. Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S28.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices, gee list of bargains.
, 86 r.; rent $550; elegant furn.; good location.
60 r.; rent $280; country; tran.; pays well. $6500
27 r. ! rent $140: oak furn.; Al location... 2200
20 r. : rent $80; residence loc.; apartment. 1100
# Money loaned on deferred payments, l^t p. c.
14 r.; rent $40; elegant fur.; boarders... $1000
10 r.; rent $47 50; oak furn. brussels carp. 550
9 r.; rent $33; oak furn.; housekeeping... 350
Over BOO houses listed. Call before buying.
U ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets: Bush st S00
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
1C0 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.-
$650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st. .
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O' Fan-ell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room fiat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
$650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished: snap $1175
29 rooms; pays well; good location 1400
32 rooms; best transient in the city 2200
18 rooms: all on 1 floor; bargain 900
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand 1500
3 mortgaged house must be sold.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
84 r......$1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r...... 1150 20 r 800 14 r..... 450
IS r. 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r...... 650 6 r 225 7 r 225
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2,
Near Call bldg. - Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses for sale.
I have 4 salesmen employed.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth.
WANTED — Lodging-house, 25 to 50 rooms; state
price and full particulars. Box 189, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mallinz, $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAT, 25c ~ seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m.. lOo; meetings daily, EOc.
MOUSTAFA, Egyptian materializing eeance
to-night, 8 o'clock, 25c; singing. 1610 Bush
St.. rear Franklin.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J^
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— ISMAR THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go band in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future: if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess.
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
af proberb In thousands of homes made happy by
her aid and advice; Ismar can be consulted
daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays by ap-
pointment only, at her office. 1148 Market St.,
opp. Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to large number of inquiries
from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next. Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuahle advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE double tests, ladles free; readings
morning, free lesson; afternoon, full read-
Ings; $1 up from 10 to 6: closed Sundays; full
name; development In 90 days under •written
guarantee; proving Franklin's .ability as pre-
dicter teacher. 724 Post, 3 doors from Leaven-
worth; no circles; Is spiritualist; Franklin
on door. ( > - ¦ . . '
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; ha3 the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE. ~~^
Truthful prediction* In all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, flerures; gives luck: honest
predictions in love affairs; reunites separated,-
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
A-LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT. ~ ~
, HIGHPSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the- coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future; 25e. 148 Sixth St..
room U. ' v ¦ .
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant • and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astro-
loglcal palmist, reader of human destiny;
never falls; 25c & 50c; by mall. 50c. 1203 Mlssn.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader:
German spoken ; 25c up. 777% Market st. , room 18.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sunday3.
MRS.MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, nr."4th.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium:
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader -.palmistry;
, truth'or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 00c; readings dally. 132 Sixth %t.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst. 148
Sixth St.. room 23.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card, reader:
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. -5 Fourth st;
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, warts; pain-
lees cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.T., specialist on feet,'
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm.- 76. !
• COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLT'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st. '
MEETING XOTICE S— Cont— ned.
GRAND entertainment and dance, «. Vk.
Clan Fraeer No. 78. O. S. C. Scot- 3J, **_W
tish Hall, 107 Larkin Bt.. MONDAY
EVENING. September9, 1901. Ad-
dress, "The Scotchman." Hon. S. M. Short-
ridge. Admission 25c.
ALEX KING. Secretary Pro tern.
KNIGHTS of 8t. Patrick— The members of the
Knights" of St. Patrick are requested to aa-
eemble at Glen Park on MONDAY, Sept. ».
to take part In Admission day festival under
the auspices of the Celtic Union. Bring your
friends. • JAMES A. EMERY.
JAMES F. O'BRIEN.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth Bt. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Several persons of character and
good reputation in each StaU (one in this
county required) to represent and advertise
old established wealthy business house of solid
financial standing. Salary $18 weekly, with
expenses additional, all payable in cash each
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
and carriage furnished when necessary;. ref-
erences. Inclose' self -addressed stamped en-
velope. Manager, 306 Caxton bulld'g. Chicago.
AGENTS — Splendid chance to make money. Our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State In the Union, every country in world.
Also 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
maps and descriptive matter. Sells at sight.
Send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
RAND, McNALLY & CO., 111.
J3 TO $5 per day easily made for the next 90
days selling an attractive line of holiday
goods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES, Star bldg., Chi-
' cago, III.
AGENTS wanted in every town; wholesale
manufacturer of enameled letters, signs, house
numbers. BAKER LETTER CO.. 641 CaL St.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTUM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT I.A"tV.'
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lectlons;attachments; mortgages ;bll!s of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn -.fees low;open
eve's. THUSSTON. 1008>& Mkt.. r. 4. op. 6th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market st.
LEW B. DOUGLASS, 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS TVEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red, 2958.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission tt.
> f BOARDING, FOR CHILDREN.
A WIDOW would like 2 small children to
board; sunny yard. 731^ Folsom st.
GOOD home for children; $8 up; near school.
2127 Prince St., Berkeley.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & 'moth-
er*s care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR Bale— The furniture of an elegant 10-
roomed house. 3 blocks from City Hall; till
new furniture, 3 months old; piano, horse,
harness and phaeton; rent of house, $35; fully
occupied by roomers; owner going Bast.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
NEWTON & HARTER 759 - Market St.— 20-
roozn house, rent $32 50, $350, furniture clean
and new; 8 rooms and bath, central, 1^4
blocks of Market St., $250.
$100— REAL estate office and trade. NEWTON
& HARTER. 759 Market Bt.
$1700— CORNER grocery; best In Oakland for
the money; good-paying business and reason
for selling; call and examine. ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$900 — CORXER grocery and bar; fine location;
must sell. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
$250— PARTNER commission business; can make
$75 month. STRAND & CO.. ?09 Kearny st.
$250 — PARTXER wanted; great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market.
$7500— FOR want of necessary funds to expand
in an already established manufacturing busi-
ness that will pay 20 per cent dividend first
year will sell part Interest to reliable, ener-
getic man ; references given and required.
Address box 157, Call office.
$500— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; enap. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St., r. 12.
PATENTS— We buy and sell patents of all
kinds and furnish money to manufacture in-
ventions with merit. Pacific Coast Patent
Exchange, rooms 319-320. Parrott building.
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to $25 a week: no experience required: trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room 1.
$2 33 PROFIT each $10; 15 days ending August
31; safe, profitable Investment; send for clr-
_cular. WHITE & CO., 1118 Morton building.
New York. (Mention paper.)
MAN and wife with $1000 can find splendid
opening if they possess ability to manage and
push profitable business. Box 203, Call cffice.
WANTED— We will give a patent attorney of-
fice rent free; this Is a fine opening for the
right party. Address box 179, Call office.
$200— A PARTNER (lady or gentleman) in a
refined office business; fine Income; investi-
gate. Address box 3416, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; will sacrifice if sold
soon; In center of wholesale and milling dis-
trict. Box 214, Call office.
PARTNER wanted In boarding and sale sta-
bles; capital needed $1500. Address Stable,
box 171. Call office.
HOTEL— Fine hotel proposition for a good ex-
perienced man with $3000. Address Hotel, box
169, Call office.
I CORPORATION wants trustworthy baker;
must invest half to thousand dollars. Box
211, Call office.
A COUPLE wants well-equipped poultry ranch
on shares., W. W. McCLINTOCK, 1014 Mis-
sion St.
$4CC— LAUNDRY route with good ' horse and
wagon; good chance for right man. 3372
Mission.
CANDY and stationery business; 3 fine fur-
nished rooms; at sacrifice. 1933 Mission Et.
AN Income of $1000 per year can be secured by
any one who will take the trouble to Inves-
tigate our plans; no gold mine, oil well or
gambling scheme; simple, straightforward
business proposition. The Juniapa Co., 615-
C21 Fullerton bldg.. St. Louis, Mo.
A— CIGAR stand; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high-class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
selling account other large interests; an op-
portunity to buy a No. 1 stand at a low
figure; no agents. Box 60, Call office.
FOR rent — Fine place; has been run as a butch-
er phop and saloon for 30 years; 4 living rooms
outside of saloon and butcher shop. For par-
ticulars address H. J. McDERMOTT, Sunol,
Cal.
A SNAP — For sale account of sickness, a profit-
able delicacy store. Particulars on premises,
116 Seventh Pt., near Mission.
FOR SALE— On account of death a complete
tailor's outfit. Box 116, Call office.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket St., San Francisco.
FOR SALE — At Invoice price, the merchandise
store of CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each store sep-
. erate; disagreement among partners the cau«e
of Felling. For particulars' address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa. ' .
FIRST-CLAS8 opportunity for a good reliable
man as partner in old established business or
to take charge of office. Call 911 Broadway
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED Immediately— Good business part-
ner with capital to assist patentee financially
with an article of high merit; a big money
making proposition. Box ' 117. Call office.
PARTNER, active or silent, with capital ol
•not less than $20,000," wanted for wholesale
business of many years' standing; large pro.
fits. Address M., box 140, Call office.
FOR sale cheap; owner must leave - town at
once; stock, good-will and fixtures of fruit
and vegetable store. Apply 775 Washlngtor
St.. corner Free Market, Oakland.
$750-OLD-ESTABLISHED , candy store; lce-
cream and soda fountain; furniture and fix-
tures; doing good business. GEO. C YOUNG
Petaluma. , '
FOR sale— A good-paying candy, ice-cream an(!
notion business. In a lively • interior : town
$5000. Inquire of N. MEYER & CO., 420 FrontTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, PEPTEMBBB 8, 1901.
29
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
— - — -- - — .-¦-.-- ¦-----. — -- -<--¦
E ASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO..
...¦¦¦ 638 MARKET ST.
: . AUCTIONl .
• : AUCTION!
A TJCITIOjS' t
TUESDAY....... ............SEPT. 10. 1901
ft at 12 o'clock noon, ¦• I -
at our salesroom, 638 Market st.
HANDSOME ¦WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
. DENCE.
North side (No. 1571) Fulton it.. 8«:10H feet
east of Lyon, an elegant modern residence, 9
rooms, basement and attic;^ four beautiful'
mantels, porcelain tub: open sanitary plumb-
ing; all In tood condition; built by days'
labor by the present owner, a builder for his
own home; $3750 can remain on mortgage; lot
25x100 feet. • .
-MISSION INVESTMENT.
North side (Nc». 3116-3118-312O-3122J 23d Bt.,
77:8 feet west- of Folsom. store and three
rooms and three flats, 6-4-4 rooms and bath.
Modern and well built; rents $804 per annum;
could be easily Increased; sunny side of street;
lot 45x63 feet. , ¦
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North Bide (No. 3S06) 22d st, 55 feet west of
Noe. handsome, sunny, well-built house of 9
rooms and porcelain bath,' sanitary plumbing;
fine mantels and modern In every detail: only
one block from Castro st." cars: lot 25x101:8
feet.
POWELL -STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (No. 1018) Powell St., 83 feet south
of Washington, three-story ' house, 10 rooms;
rents $20 per month; , numerous sales in this
neighborhood testify to the rapid increase in
valuation of this property; lot 23x60 feet.
" MISSION i IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (Nos. 3364-3366-3368-3370) 19th St..
122:6 feet east of Mission, three-story house or
12 rcorns and two flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
each; sunny «lde of street; rents $660 per an-
num: lot 50x60 feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
w North side of Chestnut St., 124:3 fe«t west of
Van Ness ave., and south side of Francisco «t.,
121:3 feet west of Van Ness ave., 10 lots, 27:6x
137:fi feet each. These lots are all graded and
ready for building:, only a short distance from
-Van Ness ave and Lombard st boulevards and
Black Point Reservation. Beautiful marine
view. High-class flats and residences only are
being built in this locality.
SOUTH OF GOLDEN GATE PARK.
"West side of 44th ave., 200 feet south of 3
st., near the ocean boulevard and park. Prop-
erty in this vicinity is being rapidly improved
and there will be a wonderful advancement In
values In the near future; 25x110.
" MISSION COTTAGE.
East side of Hampshire 'st. (No. 821), 219 feet
south of 20th,- good cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement; rents $12 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
GOLDEN GATE. AVENUE 'CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner, of Golden Gate ave and
Baker st., fine large corner lot, level and ready
for buildins. Handsome Bite for stores and
flats. In a location where good rents could
be obtained. Lot 37:6x06:10. ' -
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE..
West side (No. 2763) Octavia St., 75 feet south
of Union, handsome sunny cottage, 6 rooms
and basement. "Well built and In first-class
condition. . Choice neighborhood and conveni-
ent to car lines. Lot 31x72 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.",
638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$70O0-^-A fine large modern house of 10 rooms and
bath and basement on the southwest cor-
ner of Scott St.; lot 25x106:3 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$5500 — A modern two-story residence of 8 rooms
and bath in the best portion of Presidio
Heights, near Clay and Laurel sts. ; mag-
nificent marine view; terms to suit; lot
25x107^4 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESI-
DENCE.
$5500— A handsome modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath on the east side of Lyon St..
overlooking the Park Panhandle. This
property cost over $9000 and will be sold
on very easy terms; lot 25x91:2 feet.
EIGHTEENTH-ST. HOME.
$2750— A two-story and high basement residence
of 7 roome and bath In Al condition; will
be sold on very easy terms.
¦- -MISSION COTTAGE.
$1250— A cozy cottage of 6 rooms and .bath; Dia-
mond st., near Twenty-second; will be
sold on small cash payment; balance
monthly payments same as rent; 20x115:9
feet. •
* A BARGAIN.
$600 — Southeast corner of California st. and
Eighteenth ave/. 53:4x96:1 feet; an oppor-
tunity for a quick turn.
'• -" ¦ INVESTMENTS.
$5200— Shipley St., near Fourth; rents $672 per
annum; lot 41:2x69 feet. J .
$4900— Morris ave., near Harrison st ; rents $792
• per annum ; lot 50x80 feet.
$3500 — Langton St., near Howard; rents $468 per
annum; lot 25xSO feet.
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
$5000— Southwest corner Pacific and" Larkln
sts.; 27:8*4x112 feet.
$3250— Larkin St., south of Pacific; 25x112 feet.
$3000— Pacific St., west of Larkin; 27:6x127:3%.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street.
MARINE VIEW.
SEE THOSE TWO NEW HOUSES, J
No. 2506 Green St.. near Scott, and
No. 2813 Scott St., near Green,
Just finished and for sale at bargain figures
and on easy payments If desired; unobstructed
marine' view; main floor beautifully finished
with hardwood floors; 7 bedrooms and 2 baths,
with porcelain .tubs; basement contains wine
room, storeroom and furnace; gas and elec-
tric fixtures throughout; houses planned by
Architect EDGAR MATTHEWS. Key at
owner's. 2310 Green St.
$760— HOUSE and lot : Mission; 8 rooms, barn,
well. Ask 656 Jessie st., near Seventh, rear.
NEW 4-room and bath cottage very cheap; your
own terms. 52 Prospect ave.
REJAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR lease— 6310 acres of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River,' Immediately south of the
Santa Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and one-half miles along the railway line
and for five miles on Middle River.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with
large and substantial levees and an exten-
sive system of large drainage and Irrigation
ditches. Have six good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground for
four more houses and tarns. ' >-
The railroad and river afford direct and
competitive freight and passenger communi-
• cation with San. Francisco and Stockton and
intermediate points, by railroad being only
a half hour from Stockton and three hours
from San Francisco. ,
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or In large tracts.
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offlags of the company up to
12 o'clock noon, Saturday, September 14, 190L
The company reserves the right to reject
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT .CO. ,
Room No. 6, Tenth Floor, " Mills, Bldg.,
San Francisco. ¦ ¦ \
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acrVs land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, short • distance from
... Marysville;all rich valley" land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich, valley land; good
' buildings; well fenced; short - distance from
Yuba City, Sutter County; wUl be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
• extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers -Will address box 4980. Call, office,
for Information a bargain will be given.
$6C00— IN Fresno; Investment; two houses and
¦stable, all in first-class condition: lot 150x150
feet; for sale on account of owner going
abroad; lease for three years; In first class
and central location; rents for $50 per month;
write for full particulars. " ¦ ,: •
v GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ : . ¦, • Exclusive Agents for This Property,
¦ • 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
5- ACRE lots on San Pablo ave.,
, Three miles' beyond Berkeley, . ¦' • •
& minutes' 'walk to station.
"Good soil, water and climate.
Electric road will pass property.
Cheapest and best acreage in State.
• McEWEN BROS..' 118 Montgomery St..
-FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO "
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; . location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., far pam-
phlets or information.
DAIRY land' to lease— 1000 acres; 60 miles from
8. F. : cheap rent; well equipped for dairy
purposes; 75 cows for sale s if desired. Ill
, Battery at.. S.~ FV-" ¦¦:; " ; " " • ¦ ¦ . ,' *
TO lease. very cheap; chicken ranch of 20 acres
' In Napa Mountains; horses, wagons, etc., on
. s placa, Box 178, Call office.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
l-Wooster, Whitton&; Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for Bale: .write for
' free list. C. R-WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
belvbdere"real"estate. •
BELVEDERE— For sale, a lot . well situated,
with a cottage of 7 rooms, at a bargain;, 530
" r California' st; room 30. . . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
qakt.*hd pp.*t. ESTATE !»
A SPECIAL OFFERING.
Take your choice of S elegant rwo-«tory, •».
room residence* Just completed; macnlooeitk
exterior and Interior arra—sement; location
right in the choicest location ot Oakland »
price 14000 to $4200; terma to suit; rp«cl_ bar»
gains for cash over mortgages et fSOOO Uft
53500 each.
LAT1TANCB REAL ESTATE) CO..
; 460-483 _gh— i st- Oa»l_n<1.
A MAGNIFICENT ruburban home, situated
near the beautiful hills of Berkeley; B acres
of choicest - fruit and shrubberies; specially
constructed residence; 10 rooms; all modern
appointments; premises have cost $25, 000 i
price reduced to $12,500; a great sacrifice.
LAYAIANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
- 430-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
m
A BANS SAX—.
$2300; $350 cash, $20 a month; near Telegraphs
ave.; beautiful new 2-story Colonial home; 6
rooms, porcelain bath, mantels, folding doon,
tubs. 2 toilets; street complete; nice neigh-
borhood; the bank don't want the house; sell-
ing: less than cost to place under Interest; 1— u>
mediate Dossesslon; in fine order. :
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st. Oakland. j
$20,000— UNUSUAL SACRIFICE—
— (ortgaffs 113,000, CH per cent, can remain.
Offer ¦wanted — Cash or trade.
Magnificent Lakeside District residence, 13
rooms, large lot; Interior of house handsome*
ly planned, expensively finished; must be seen
to be appreciated. Absolute sale. Our author-
ization Is for lmmedltae disposal. Offers
wanted. Full information at office.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
A SPECIAL little snap— $1450. for a modern,
cozy home. This cannot be duplicated; be-
tween 2 car lines In northern part of the city l
street complete; Dutch Colonial, 4 rooms, re-
ception hall, porcelain bath. gas. toilet, man-
tel; about 1 year old; 30-foot lot; $230 cash.
balance $1200 to the bank. See immediately.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth at. Oakland,
WILLIAM J. DrNGEE. i
"WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
Telegraph-ave. lots, near the University; tt*
feet front; only $15 per foot; big bargain.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$1000 each— Beautiful, lots on north side of
Twenty-seventh st, near Telegraph ave.; lota
"35x100; street work all done; cheapest lots la
Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$2200— Fine corner on Telegraph ave.. 40s
100; best location; on west side of street
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$S500— Choicest N."W. corner, east of Broad-
way; -100x100; large house of 9 rooms; el««
Kant grounds; plenty room for another house;
lot alone worth $10,000; Just the place fo»
physician.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
$600 each— Fine lots In Peralta Heights, E_rt
Oakland: 40x100; street work all done.*
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway.
Beautiful homes near Lake Merrltt and
north of Twelfth st.. fronting Madison and
Oak sts.; large lots; prices ranging from J60CO
. to $15,000; never such a chance offered to se-
cure a home In this district at these figures,
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903 Broadway.
ANY MAN i : '
with $100 to pay down
who can afford
say $20 per month
can buy this place.
Or $600 down
and $14 per month j
(including interest)
will answer.
Or We will allow a liberal discount for the
payment of the whole amount ($1600) spot «•¦¦>«.
The house contains:
Eight rooms and bath,
bay-window and hall; ; '1
on the sunny side, ' 7J
of the local train.
•Ton would pay
- . at least $14 rent
for this same house*
HERE'S A FINE PLACE.
$1800 buys this dace — In Piedmont; cozy,
modern, pretty Eastlake cottage of 5 large*
rooms, with bath, hall. 2 bay-windows, high
basement, brick foundation; ornamental pressed
brick chimney; solid walnut mantel; lot 50x
110 feet; note the size; on the sunny side; high
ground and right close to the cars. Th^ea
years' Insurance In advance free. Improve-
ments alone worth the price asked. Monthly
payment plan as above if desired. Send for
photograph of it if you can't call.
Here's a smaller place:
4 rooms and porcelain bath;
bay-window and large hall;
modern, pretty and nearly new;
street work all done:
close to San Pablo avenue.
Price only $1500.
and the same plan of payments.
As a small investment
This is choice.
$2750. Two cottaees of
4 and 6 rooms— and nicex
with a lot 65x130 feet;
fronting on main street;
through to rear street;
renting for $324 per year,
and well worth $3500.
This Is sure prospective
business property.
These are only a few of the choice snaps wa
have on hand.
Our list is so extensive that we are safe to
say:
"We have Just what you wantt
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. :
Exclusive Bargain Agents,
1008 Broadway,
Near Tenth st, Oakland.
$1000— HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, corner 20th
ave. and 20th st.. East Oakland; $200
cash, balance $11 20 per month.
$1000— House. 4 rooms; No. 1067 21st st. be-
tween 20th and 21st 'aves. ; $11 per month
will buy this place.
$1350— House, 5 rooms and bath; half .block east
of Piedmont ava., on Monte Vista ave.;
small cash payment, balance to suit.
$2500 — House of 7 rooms; modem In every re-
spect; 1 block from Piedmont car: on
Glen ave.: terms to suit
$2500— Lovely modern house of « rocms and
bath: 36th st, between Telegraph i ave.
and Grove St.; cash or installment plan.
$6500 — Large residence of 12 rooms and bath:
¦ . fireplace In every bedroom, also steam,
radiator: decorated gardens: large barn
and outhouses; lot 150x140 feet: ecrae?
18th ave.- and loth st; keys at property
every day between 4 and ip. m. ; -reason-
able terms.,
W. E. RUDELL.
223 Sansome st. San Francisco.
$2700— ORIGINAL COST J350O.
Almost new 6-room house; all the latest Im-
provements; lot 60x140; near bustness center,
cars, schools, etc.; in first-class condition in
every way; owner non-resident and must sell:
•" no reasonable offer refused: first come, first
served. J- 9. MYERS _ CO.,
. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
12500-CORNER LOT. A BEAUTIFUL COT-
TAGE OF 7 ROOMS. '
In the very choicest neighborhood in Oak-
land: owner moved to Los Angeles; our in-
structions are to sell without reserve within
10 days; see this property and make an offer.
. • J. S. MYERS & CO..
1C02 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
$2300— COST TO BUILD HOUSE. $2500. - ~*
Lot 40x120; 2-story 7-room house; first-class
condition: Al neighborhood; near cars, busi-
ness center: owner in Chicago and has tele-
graphed me to sell this property at the above
quoted price. ' J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
J1350— COZY cottage of 5 good rooms, bath, etc •
nicely located: this property is well worth
S1S0O. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$*5C0— BEAUTIFUL cottage of 6 rooms and at-
tlc, bath and lot 70x140; barn and driveway
and fine location; this place has been reduced
* from $5000 and. Is a snap. ALDEN CO., 111S
Broadway. . *"¦¦-.-« • '-\~- . ' - . . J
For Additional Classified AdvertiM*
ments See Pago Thirty,
RUDELL.
WKi.p TVAVrr,n — m * x.v. r«w.
FREE for man and wife. 2 fur-niched rooms
for taking care of 7. 86<H Mission st
ANTED— Boy to help In grocery itore. 700
Mason *t *
BA . R ?E R *'« nUf <*- 10 ° Market et; chop closes
at fe:3u j>. m.
WANTED— Boy of 16 in candy store, 319 Fill-
more et
BARBERS— A fine 2-chalr ehop with baths for
sale in rood country town. Address box 132
Call office.
BARBERS-A four-chair barber shop for sal-
cheap at 2S09 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Strevedores. eeamen. firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters: cood wages- per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf
where employes are boarded and lodged on
et^amer lying alongside; men working for
«^T;W R " y nd Blvl ?« -"station at this
time will be riven preference in future An-
ply to Pacific Coa*t Steamship Company
Broadway wharf. San Francisco. *~° mpan >-
1O f°»^ EN W6t!t <*- s «Uo-. stevedores, firemen.
laborers-steady employment; good wages!
bSldins De ~ lers Association. 2M Examiner
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push-
-T^'S^feT 1 "- F - PERSON -
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 60c. S63 Mission gt.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
""^"gD-^rst-ciass saloon porter; wages
FOR tale— First-class hotel barber shop in
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh.
WANTED— Active young man to drive milk
wagon in Oakland. Box 149, Call office.
".^'TED— A harness-maker. B. SAMMAN.
1238 Fillmore et
COLORED young man of good appearance to
work at soda water fountain; no experience
required. Call between 9 and 11 a. m. at
BLUM'S confectionery, cor. Polk and Sutter.
MAN as correspondent and office manager;
must have J250 to Invest; good wages. Box
SS. Call office.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock driller*, tunnel, brush
«nd phovel men to work on ditch line being
.constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal. : apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wage6 in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery et. room 25, Ean Fran-
ctsco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corpe. U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 85; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis ft.. Ean Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly;
•pedal Inducements this month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 6S5 Clay st. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Pfnvpr House. 217 Third st; ISO large
room?; 25c per r.lght; $1 to $2 per week.
GLASS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D. ~~~
BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO..
Fifteenth and Folsom sts.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery et.
"WANTED— A man that understands nursery
work and floraJ business. Call 500 Haight st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN trid boys to learn to make shirts; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg _ Co.. 27 Jessie.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOe up. 241 Third st
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st
2 FIRST-CLAFS cabinet-makers en wood man-
tels. MAXGRUM & OTTER. ESI Market st
WANTED— Men for light work en fruit 1731
Fclsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
Ean Francisoo Barber School. 741A Howard st
"WANTED— SCO men to buy new and 2d-hand
army ehoes. $1 \ip; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c right: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
HORSES AND 1VAGOXS.
W ANTED — Saddle horse not over 15 hands POO
to 1050; fine looking, short coupled, gentle.
eaFy loper; Spanish broken preferred; also
Spanish saddle, bridle snd spurs well made;
t=tate lowest each price. X. box 193, Call.
H. BRANDENETEIN _ CO. has removed from
€31 Mission st. to £18 Folsom st, with an as-
sortment of fiale horses; also livery and board-
lag; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
43 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
J27 Sixth «.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— A thoroughly gentle Shetland pony
broken to drive or ride. Phone or address
T. G. WATERMAN. Palace Hotel.
A BARGAIN in pood carriage, saddle, business
ar,d road horses. DALZIEL. C05 G. G. ave.
15« HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
_ CO., :5 Dore St., S. F.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacer?. 721 Howard et.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses: French stock. Box 68, Call office.
ONE milk wagon, business buggy, top . buggy |
and 1 glass parcel wagon. NE. corner Steiner
and Waller ets.
CTIEAP — New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he Fells too cheap. 54 Eighth et. r
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN _ EON. 2117 Mission st.
>X A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 522 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Dongla** st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
X— PRINTED list houses to let: Bend for cir-
cular. G. H. t'MBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE comer flat. 5 front rooms; gas fixtures,
etc • ?16 1.0 with water and ashman. Corner
Harrison and Oak Grove ave.. bet. 6th & 6th.
OAK 824 bet. Octavia and Laguna— House of 8
rooms and bath; large basement
BCOTT, 253, cor. Page — Modern house of 9
rooms and bath; reasonable to good tenant.
HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath, suitable for physi-
cian. 462 Geary st.
GUTTER, €30, near Leavenworth— House, I
rooms and bath; key on premises.
SEVENTEENTH, SS€3 — Six rooms; modern;
stable in rear.
HOUSES TO LET FURBISHED.
HOTTFE of 10 rooms, partly furnished: furnace;
rent $25. 1717 Wpbster St.. near Bush.
HOUSES "WANTED.
HOVEE, 4 to 6 rooms and bath, in Mission or
outskirts of city, near car line; suitable to
raise and keep 300 to 503 chickens; must have
!arg* yard: rent reasonable. Address box _3.
Cm.li office.
WANTED— Modern new residence in or near
the city; transit eaey: no Ineumbrance; real
name and location. Address box 175. Call.
WANTED— To purchase _ cottage of 5 or •
rooms on monthly Installments. Box 1S2. Call.
HYP.NOTISM.
f-AN Francisco School of Psychology; chronic
a^d nervous diseases a specialty; stammering,
1'quor and tobacco habits cured: practical In-
structions in hynotism, etc. Office 504 Par-
rott building. * __^__
LOST AA'IJ FOUS'D.
LOST— September 7. black cocker cpaniel dog.
with white spot on breast: answers to name
nT ¦N-ie. Return to Clack's ealoon, corner
Haight and Gough sts., and receive liberal
reward.
LOST— A passbook with the HibernJa Savings
and Loan Boci«-ty of Ban Fmnciaco. in the
nat" of DORA MARSHALL. No. 239-131. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On Powell st.. between Post and O'Far-
rell a h*avy black feather boa. Finder re-
turning boa to 404 Poet et. will be suitably
rewarded. '¦ •
CCC Shotwell st. brown leather purse contain-
Itir f« SS and keys. Return to 45 Shotwell st ;
reward.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE list of property that must be dls-
. posed of this week: .
If any of the following suit call and see us.
Terms arranged if desired. Just like paying
rent.
Fine 4 and 5 room cottages, large lots, from
$1000 to $1800
$2250 — An elegant 6-room ' cottage, corner lot,
good neighborhood; a snap.
$2500 buys a good two-story 6-room house;
lot 40x125; a great bargain.
$2500— Taken under foreclosure: a fln« 8-room
house; modern: lot 36x150. . ¦ , '
' $2800— New 8-room two-story house; lot 36x100.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
$100,000 to loan on real estate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings. ~
LOOK AT THESE FOR BARGAINS.
Some real snaps in elegant new houses. .Come
and see us and look at these beautiful homes.
We have two new 6-room cottases, conven-
iently located to trains and street cars.
Offer wanted on & 4-room cottage; lot 80x150.
Elegant 6-room cottage. Price $2500 on easy
terms. •
. We deal only in special bargains. '•
If you want to buy, rent or sell property call
and see* us.
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park st. Alameda.
Phone Grand 176. -
COTTAGE. 6 rooms. Park st, near st-tlon;
offer wanted. '
House of 6 rooms, all modern: Cedar «t,
near Clinton ave.; nearly new; modern; $2500.
10-room cottage, large grounds, near Park st;
offer wanted; must be sold.
Two-story, 9-rooms, nearly new; Central ave.;
must be sold.
$5500— Two fine water front lots, near Mor-
ton st.; fine properties for exchange. Improved
and unimproved.
E. D. JUDD _ CO.,
1424 Park st. Alameda.
LOOK— For sale; house and lot, 7 rooms, bath;
2 blocks from Pork St. in Alameda; a bar-
gain; must be sold at once. Key at 815 Wash-
ington st., Oakland, owner.
FOR rent, furnished— Beautiful home of 8
rooms in best locality. Apply 1315 San An-
tonio ave.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
$650— New cottage of 3 large rooms; fine lo-
cation; only 2 blocks from electric cars; city
water; easy payments. »
- $1075— Cottage of 4 rooms; 3 closets; high
basement; all cemented; lot 55x105; connected
with main sewer; only 4 blocks from Fruit-
vale station.
$1350— Buys this place; cozy, modern cottage
of 5 rooms on one floor; large hall; porcelain
bath; 3 rooms finished in basement: brick foun-
dation; summer house; fruit trees and choice
flowers; stable, rabbit, pigeon and chicken
houses; lot -75x108; all fenced; improvements
worth alone the price asked.
$1658— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken house, etc.; lot 75x200; fronting
on two streets; fine location.
For sale in East Oakland, $1050, $100 cash and
$12 monthly, will buy a pretty cottage of i
large rooms and bath; high basement; good
brick foundation: fruit trees; lot 35x100; good
neighborhood and a bargain.
Chicken range of 1 acre; house of 5 rooms,
etc.; barn, cowshed, pigeon house, 4 chicken
houses, - 1 brooder house and brooder: good
well, windmill and tank; water piped all over
place; 1 buggy, 1 incubator, good cow, 136
chickens, 6 dozen pigeons, geese, tools, etc., all
for $2200.
A lovely home; residence of 11 rooms with all
modern improvements; large corner lot, 100x209;
beautiful ornamental grounds; fine lawn; choice
fruit trees, etc.; located in the choicest part
of Fruitvale; price reduced to $4500.
For particulars apply to *
H. A, PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. CaL
$800— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; near Elm-
hurst; chicken-houses, barn and city
water; 2 blocks from car line; lot 45x145;
$11 20 per month; no payment down.
$1200— Two-story house. 7 rooms; almost new;
'large barn; lot 45x145; 2 blocks from car
line; $16 80 per month or $1200 cash will
buy this home; title guaranteed.
$1500— House of 5 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from
station; large lot; small cash payment,
balance same as rent.
$1500 — House of 6 rooms and bath; 1 block from
car line, 2 blocks from schoolhouse; no ,
• -payment down. $21 per month.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY, south
side of railroad track, Frultvale ave. W. E.
RUDELL.
$1500— 1*4 ACRES choice land all in fruit trees,
bearing; 200 feet to electric cars.
$2000 will 'take % of an acre; house of 7
rooms; barn, chicken houses, brooder house, 2
fine wells, windmill; this place is adjoining the
above; will sell either or both; one-third cash,
balance easy payments.
$2500 — 4 acres of as fine land as in the State;
on a prominent street;, near street cars; this
piece of property is worth $3500 any day," but
must be sold at once.
O. H. HULL. Fruitvale.
FRUITVALE BOARD ANP ROOMS.
LADY having a nice home would like elderly
lady to board; terms reasonable; references.
Address C. G. P.. Frultvale. P. P.. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this; fine house and lot, house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100;' etreet work all done;
only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds. »
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real' Estate, Berkeley Station.
$3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400— 5-room house, large lot, within
walking distance of university.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
$2500— A FINE new two-story house of 6 rooms,
large lot'; etreet work all done; near the new
high school.
$2000— New house of 5 rooms; lot 50x130; fine
barn, near high school.
$1400 — House of 5 rooms; lot 50x130; near
schoolhouse.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley.
BARGAINS In Berkeley— $250 to $350: sightly
. hillside lots; each lot 60x134; only 3 blocks
from cars. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley
Station. . '.''¦¦¦
$650— LOT 60x130: on Mllvla St., near Virginia:
street work done. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley Station.
$1300— COMFORTABLE cottage of 4 rooms;
, about 3 blocks from town hall, high school
and cars; a bargain. - MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley Station.
$3750— MODERN up-to-date home of 7 rooms,
etc.; large lot; near college; terms. MAY &
MORTIMER, Berkeley: Station. .
HOMES IN BERKELEY. ~' ~
$2200— 6-room cottage with large lot; decid-
edly a splendid bargain. $1850— 6-room house;
terms very easy In amount down and month-
ly payments. $2700 — New 6-room house, $200
down, $25 per month. . $1650^— New 6-room
house; eaey terms. $2000— 5-room, nearly new
cottage; no finer view In Berkeley. $4000—7-
room house; in a fine neighborhood; splendid
bargain; easy terms. $2650 — New 6-room house;
modern in every way; $350 down, $25 per
month.
If you would like to buy an established
grocery on a. fine corner. In a good neigh-
borhood, cheaper than you will get It again,
call on us. • ¦
SATOFF & WILLIAMS.
2121 Center st, Berkeley, CaL
NO. 114— $5700; beautiful ¦ 10-room house, large
lot, close to U. C. grounds; one of the finest
homes in Berkeley. •
No. 216— $1600; 6-room cottage, close to elec-
tric and steam cars; easy payments.
¦ No. 219— $2000; 7-room house, well, windmill,
- etc. ; large lot.
$500 — Lot 100x135; south front; cheapest lot
In town. ¦ ¦• • .
. . S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance.
. Opp. First National Bank.
HOMES on installment plan our specialty.
$16G0 — Modern ' house;- new; 6 rooms, bath;
brick foundation; lot 40x112; $200 cash, -balance
like rent. .
$1800— Special snap; fine new cottage of 5
large- rooms, bath, fine porch/ pantry, brick
foundation. ¦ high basement, tiled sink, porce-
lain bath, "gas fixtures; everything complete:
close to station and cars.
H. D.- IRWIN, Lorin Station.
Homes built to suit on easy terms.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; fine mantle' and
sideboard, porcelain bath, tiled sink, station-
ary tubs, tinted walls, gas fixtures, water
and sewer all connected ; : one ¦ block to train
and electric cars: $200, balance $20 per month
W. C. MORAN & CO..
• , • Lorin Station,
>."-.'¦; -- - /' Schmidt Block,
-,- ¦ ¦ . Berkeley. Cal.
NEW modern 6-room house, only 3 blocks from
. : station ; large lot ; price $1600.
j Must be sold— A new 5-room modern cottage,
I on large lot; central location; good windmill
and tank; price $1500. • - • •
HOME REALTY CO.,
' Successors to RUDOLPH, - PERKINS &
LYON and ' J. R: PERKINS," Lorin Station,
Berkeley, Cal: f Office east side of track. .
LOST AND FOU.VU Conflnned.
LOST— A lady's gold watch and pin. between
free library at City Hall and Larkin Bt; re-
ward. } <51 Franklin st. >\
LOST ~ Frlda >'- sold chain bracelet. Return
to Mies Repetto. Ill O'Farrell St.; reward.
LOST— Pair gold rimless eyeglasses. Return
to 317 Kearny st.; reward.
LOST— Mink boa at Emporium. Please leave
at Emporium office.
J25 REWARD for St Bernard. dog; sable and
white markings; name Emperor. 16 Third st.
IT will pay to "Remember"* that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.'
MATRIMONIAL..
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
fend 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
Etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell »t.;
tel. Bush 421. ¦
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DOXNELL, 1018 Market St.. opp. 5th.
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number, 1228 Market et.
HIXDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatraent; maternity home; home
in confinement. 11C6 Market St., S. F.
DH. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weakne?res and diseases of men. only. 997
Market st, corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN', 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies' Fp^-ctalist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, removed
from Market st. to 410 O"FarrelI st.
MRSr~b.~~'vVYETH'S~Mat«TnIty Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell st., near Taylor.
v MIXES AXD MIXING.
WANTED — Placer properties. Send full par-
ticulars to box 96. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
eecond-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
S0-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete. .$300
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.engine complete.$2S0
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $90
Also pipe, fittings, etc. H. S. WHITE. 516
Mission st
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-made
Fuits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and full dress reasonable.
Graphophones, Phonograph!!, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
$1 50; *2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, gells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear €t.
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business,
information about articles left with him can
be had at 14 Grant ave., room 28, 11 to 1 p. m.
$200— FURNITURE in 7-room flat ;" central : 4
rooms rented. Apply at once to J. T. GIB-
SON. 1204 Market st.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals,
jewelry bought, gold, exch,; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2^-H.P. Herculeg; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA, Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin Et.
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton for family or
doctor. Call morning at drug store. 1044 Va-
lencia st.
FINE counter, 60 feet, in four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & ' M.
ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
A— J3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
BUILDING lumber, tank closets, fire escape
and wrought pipe. Apply 64 Silver St., off 3d.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
6%-HORSEPOWER motor; first-clas3 condi-
tion. Inquire 128 Fifth st
GENT'S diamond and opal ring. $23; cost $50.
Plaza Loan Ofnce, 702-708 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Planing mill; good opportunity for
* the right man; good business. Bojc 204, Call.
COLLEGE Kennels has thoroughbred dogs and
pups of all descriptions. 115 Haight st.
NEW White. Wheeler & Wilson,- drop-head
sewing machine cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
PRINTERS— A fine tapeless 32x46 plate distri-
bution drum cylinder. Box 1S6, Call office.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery Rt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Theo- Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
- J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. ,H. S. White, 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 129 Beale Bt
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California 6t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
3IISCELLAXEOCS WAXTS.
WANTED— A good Remington, Smith or Dens-
more typewriter at reasonable terms to rent.
Box 200, Call office.
ALL stamped checks bought; documentary and
proprietary stamps. 1008 Call building.
WANTED — At once, old sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2522.
3IOXEY TO LOAJf. ~
A A—MA NHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgagee, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided intereet in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.....
Gtt my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery »t. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 6C3 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interest*; corporation loan?. R. 16, first floor,
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market st ; tel. Black 5471.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adarr.e, bldg., 206 Kearny st, room 314.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 'Grant ave., near
Geary Stj phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furnl-
' ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages -at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A<!ivances li/e Insurance policies: Army . and
Vavy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no .commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
« ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts:
221 Parrott building.
, PEIlSOSAIiS — Oontlnned. .
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold. Bilver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 317 Market st
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory. Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
PROPERTY WANTED. *
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? ¦ I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot.
Box 4414, Call office. ,;„.
UKAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE!.
A. Al. 6PECK & CO.. ~~ i
867 MARKET STREET,
Opposite Kearny St.,
Real Estate Agents.
Market st, near Sixth; 50 foot frontage; fine
brick building; rents $755. •
$100,000— Corner; 275X137:6; splendid improve-
ments; Market st.; rente $361; fine building,
$5l,0C0— Sixth-st. corner; Ui blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
$55,000 — One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net.
$42,000— Sutter-st. corner, east of Jones at. ; 3
frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; SO feet
front.-
$40,000 — Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130; rents
about $250; want offer.
$40,000— Devisadero-street business corner; ! two
stores and 7 flats; rents $305.
$37,500— Ellis st, close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2S00. .
535,000— Mission st, near Fourth; fine brick-
building; one tenant; rent $250.
$24,000— Cash invested In real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $3S0; one tenant.
$15,000 — Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district;
35 feet frontage; rents $110. .
$7500 — Four new flats; rents- $72; bon ton dis-
i trict ¦ residence^ within 130 leet just sold ior
$12,500.
$5800 — Corner; SW.,cor. Vallejo and Pierce sts. ;
45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific Heights.
14950— Two flats, only one-half block from Mar-
ket Bt.: rents $40; cost $7500. ¦ .
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market street
__________
PAY FOR IT
WITH RENT MONET !1
If you want to buy a home for your rent
money, as every rent-paying man should, you
want to be able to tell whether you are buy-
Ing a well-constructed house.. Examine our 5-
rnom house on 23d Et, near Douglass, Heyman
Tract, and see how a well-built house is con-
structed. Mr. J. -Cotter, the builder, our resi-
dent agent, 113 Hoffman ave., will consider it
a courtesy to show you the premises."
$1500 — Two 4-room houses and bath, now
building, on Lundy lane, opposite the terminus
of the Valencia-st. cars.
$850— 3-room house on Prentiss St., near Cort-
land ave.; $100 down; $12 50 per month.
$650 — 4-room car cottage and lot; Ocean
Beach, 47th ave. and I st. ; $25 down. $5 per
month. ' •
We -have park lots, boulevard lots. Mission
Iot3 and lots in Alameda and San Mateo Co.
from $50 upwards. Interview us.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.,
. , 117 Sutter St.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS!
"*' We have wonderful bargains to offer.
$75, $100 to $330— Best ocean boulevard and
level lots near Mission st. cars; $5 monthly.
t500 to $800 — Graded and sewered, beautiful
Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
Eunset branch office, Ninth ave., near H
street.
$400 to $800— Richmond lots; $10 monthly.
$3200— Two-story residence, 8 rooms and
bath, Larkin st, near Union st cars; 25x
105:9.
$l?00 to $3000— Elegant modern cottages,
Sunset and Richmond districts; easy terms.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
$9S00— RENTS $97 per month; 6 flats; lot 50x114;
Castro st, near Eighteenth.
$4800 — Rents $45 per month; new flats; corner
lot, 25x100; near Twentieth and Castro;
no fog or wind. . . ;
$6500 — Rents $60 per month; marine view; near
Hyde and Chestnut sts.
$4000— Rents $45; Hyde St., near Green; street
bltumtnlzed. ¦¦
$1900— Fine lot, v.-lth house of 2 rooms; Fillmore
st., near Waller.
$2300— Cheapest lot in Panhandle; Oak st, near
Clayton; 25x137:6. .
$1000— Fine- lotr 25x120; near Dolores and Eight-
eenth sts.
$5000 — Waller-st. residence, near Devlsadero; lot
30x110; sunny.
$350— A gift for a quick buyer; level lot; street
graded; close to cars; Crescent ave., near
Mission st.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
FOR SALE BY
JULIEN SMITH,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
420 Montgomery Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON CALIFORNIA
STREET, NEAR DEVISADERO.
: Lot 27:6x137:6
Store and Flat Above ¦
Nice business block; level; all street work
done; cross line of cars; stores of every class
around; one of the best business stations In
Wetern Addition; title Insured for $40CO; pol-
icy can be assigned to purchaser; price $4300.
KEY LOT AND COTTAGE.
A sweet cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc., on a key
lot; front, south side and rear facing sun all
day; Western Addition; just the lot for flats
when you tire of the cottage. Full particulars
at office. Price $4150.
$3,000—8 FLATS near Eighteenth and Mission
sts. ; lot 50x75.
$1,600— No. 9 Chenery st; 7 rooms, bath; lot
24x75. •
$1,550— House 8 rooms, bath; lot 50x114; on
. Twenty-first st.
$30,000— Eleventh st.; lot 100x100, with L 25x25,
and Improvements; fine Income.
$1,800— Larkspur; lot 150x100, L 25x75; house 4
rooms, bath; exchange for city property
Southeast corner Twenty-second and
. Noe sts.; house 6 rooms, bath, and two
flats. 5 rooms and bath each; a great
sacrifice;. 'lot 26:6 by 110. .
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall sq.
$4,500— TWO flats of 5 and 6 rooms - at the
park; lot 25x137:6.
$375 — Almost given away: lot 25x100; north
line of 23d St., east of Potrero ave.;
street sewered; lot ready for building.
$7,000— Two new flats of 6 and 7 rooms at the
park: rents $60 per month.
$10,000 — An entire block fronting on Point Lo-
bos ave.
• JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
RENT $54 50 a month; price ¦ $5000; 3 flats on
22d Bt.. near Guerrero;
Hartford-st flats on easy terms.
Bryant st, near 9th; lot 28x85 and 5-room
cottage. - .
6 rooms and bath; Hoffman ave."
5 rooms and bath; San Bruno ave. and 24th.
9 rooms and bath; 23d st.
• OSCAR HEYMAN,
. ' 14 Post St.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance.
¦ - • 304 Montgomery st.
$22,350— Inside investment; rents $1980 year.
$18,000— Pacific Heights, stylish home; 13
rooms; view. • ¦ j
$6000— Sunny home, 10 rooms; Washington st. ;
$2000 cash, balance at 6 per cent.
$580—30x120; Twenty-first ave.; Richmond;
I view. . . •
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; -substantially .built:
finished by day work; every possible latest
impts.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
windows; marine and-park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x53x100.
¦Apply Fulton; St.. near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to 5 p. m.
$5500— GREATEST bargain in Presidio Heights;
3942 Clay st. ; substantial 9-room sunny house,
perfect condition; latest plumbing; large lot,
29x127:8; improving neighborhood; easy in-
stallments; terms; house open for inspection
JOSEPH NASH, 11 Montgomery st.
AN Up'toTdATE "hOUSE~~ i ~~'
$3250— $500 cash, $30 monthly; 1555 Ninth ave..
. near. J sR, two blocks south of the Park; con-
' ' tains fine large parlor, pleasant dining-room,
reception hall, 3 bedrooms upstairs, porcelain
bath, etc.; good neighborhood; take blue<elec-
trlc cars to Ninth ave.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde aa far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who waftt to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st, S. F. Sav-
ings Union buildinsr.
FOR SALE. ~~ . ' ¦ - ¦--•¦¦ . . .
Artistic house faclnjr Golden date Park; 8
large rooms, bath, ; finished basement; easy
; terms; apply on premises. 1033 H st, between
Eleventh and -Twelfth, aves., Sunset Heights.
SIX, seven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts. ; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st cars. F. NEL-
BON. builder. -- . . y
¦ — - 1 ~ . ~~ ; ¦ —
WANTED— A" good residence; also several lots;
Western Addition; marine view; no agents.
PHELPS-LEWIS CO., 702 Market st. '-.-.'
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy it for
you, erect a house to suit and sell it to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st' '¦-..-¦*".¦ ¦ '¦¦>.¦¦¦..¦¦ ...
FOR SALE — As a whole or in subdi visions, 50-
¦ yara lot, : south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
, 'of Pieroe. Lot. northeast corner Green and
¦'•Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 .feet. I Inquire- of
' CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
» 324 Montgomery, st. ' /• ¦ ¦ '. ¦: • ~ • •
IF. you want to ; sell your. real estate, city or
i country, bring It to ¦
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO..
- ¦> -.'-;.'¦.: 702 Market st; S. F v
B^°T E y.^?^J^?^^rT^5l!l*?"° ed> . -.¦
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. \V. J. HESTHAL. 10 SixtU;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
J25.OCO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned ealarfed people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 41, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 -Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.-
MIJSICAL ISSTRUMEXTS.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good upright 555; 1 better. $85.
2 good grands. $175. $195.
& uprights, $135. $155, $180, $190, $198.
Also Conover, Steinway, Weber. Vose, Curtaz,
Decker Bros., Pease. Standard, little used, j
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stop, $44.
1 7-stop, $4S; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop, Liszt style.
Mason _ Hanilln, very line, $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng Agency.
14,000 sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased of SHEKUAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright ulanor, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4* and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San* Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland. . J
i OUR "special price". Bale during the past
week has been a most wonderful one. Many
people have been surprised and delighted with
the bargains we have given them. -You may
have Just as good a chance if you'll come
now and let us tell you the price and show
you the goods. Seeing is believing.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market Pt.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
| sole agents for famous and oldest American
make?, incli:dln;: Hallet-Davis; great bar-
C8in list, $50 up: Steinway. $185 up; Fischer.
$U«; Chlckerlnp. ?16."i: 20 others, rents $2 up:
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary at
ANT piano sold by us taken back any tlm;
within S years and. full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLF.R f CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
rt.: established 1SS0.
A FIRM'S failure . to realize on account of
etrike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
torv prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS— Steck, Everett, Hardman, Packard,
Ludwlg and others: 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. fopp. Mason):
branch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
______________________
Fohmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Pplelman planes to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZT'S. SOS. 310. 31? Post.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright. $37: Steinway
upright, $165. Room 38, 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal up-
right piano: leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100: elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano a* good ?s new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's 215 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk ?t. near Market—
Phoninger. Schubert and Eteinway bargains.-
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE" 5
Piano Factory, Market, 14th and Church sts
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for ST75.
BRUENN. 208 Post st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. *3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 5C0 Hayes.
STTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
' MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD re^ond-hand upright for sale cheap.
P<-~MTT7.. 16 McAllister st.
OIL.
* — — ¦
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
glrey cheap. TT. S. WHTTK. B18 Mln^inn «»¦
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOUR unfurnished rooms; three * connecting
parlors; gas, bath, etc.; all front rooms; suit-
able for a doctor; private house. 1429 Van
Ness ave., southwest corner Pine st.
FINE corner: new plate-glass front;* rooms in
rear: suitable for druggist. LYON _ HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
HYDE and O'Farrell— Fine large corner store:
rooms in rear; low rent. LYON & HOAO. 114
Montgomery st.
A — ONLY $10 for modern offices at 410 Kearny
st. including light and service.
PAIXTEHS A?in DKCOUATOHS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
PALMISTRY course by F. C. GERMAIN at
609 Van Ness ave., begins Thursday, S p. m.,
Sept. 12; lecture, 20c; course, $1.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones st.
PHYSIC1AAS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. . C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. E11U.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st., opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
" PERSONALS. ~ "
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural 'color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists, hairdressers or our office, 3S5 Geary st.
. S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4S95.
REFINED lady of high social standing, excep-
• tlonal business qualifications, desires position
of trust with responsible concern in this city;
highest references, securities or bonds, any
amount. Address box 125, Call office.
IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st, and
you will not be disappointed ; this remedy Is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ALL scalp diseases cured; hair grown; gray
restored: shampooed hair dried by sun; facial
massage; superfluous hair removed with elec-
tric needle. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny
and 47 Poet St. ,
CULTURED widow desires acquaintance of
honorable gentleman of means to assist her
financially; object, matrimony; no triflers.
Address box SO, Call office. ¦
YOUNG widow, 30 years old, would be pleased
to meet gentleman 50 years of age with pleas-
ant home; object, matrimony. Address L
F. P.. Vallejo.
RAG carpets wove ,to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
WANTED— A rich young lady who is the onU'
child In family to wed a rich young man who
13 also an only child. Box 137. Call.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st. N. Y. . -
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
Ohio. ¦ . • ' .
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
2Ec to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES— Secret to enlarge bust 6 inches free;
cannot fail or injure 'most delicate. LEON-
ARD Medicine Co., Kansas City, Kan. :. j
TURKISH baths & scientific massage given by
a Swedish nurse; ladles & gents. 234 Taylor
' et, over, fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double,. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st,. near Broadway.
SEND stamp for list books which can't be
bought elsewhere. Books, 406 East 75th, N. Y.
MATERNITY villa— Strictly private; terms rea-
eonable. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 8th, Alameda.
SANITARIUM, Turkish baths and massage;
select patrons. E. RALPH, 156 Eddy , st. .
BOWLING — New .Fourth-st. Bowline, Alley ;
open day and night. 30% Fourth st. J : . ••
LADIES— Get free trial Dlxon's Hair Remover;
permanent - 935 Market; sample mailed 25c. ..
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia st. bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUM8 Egyptian Henna;' restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS «alr and mui«-s oe»troyea with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter stImp roved Order of Red Men.
On the evening of _ the 6th Inst. Bald
Eagle Tribeof the Improved Order of Red
Men tendered a reception in the social hall
of the- Alcazar building to Thomas Roche,
one of its members, in honor of his election
as great senior Sagamore of the order.
There were about three hundred persons
present .and in a .few well-chosen words
I. Meyers. -. chairman : of the evening, who
presided at the banquet that had been
prepared; extended the congratulations of
the ¦ tribe to the < guest of honor. - During
the evening , there . was a '¦ piano selection
l<y W. J. . Bossert," an address -by James
Boyes, great sachem /selection by a quar-
The Eastern Star.
Last Wednesday night King Solomon
Chapter of the Eastern Star, had a • very
successful party after the business, which
included the Initiation of a candidate and
the presentation of two petitions. Under
"social hour" there was presented «. beau
tiful Japanese drill by .1 sixteen young
ladles, a recitation by Mae Keeffe, vocal
selections by Miss Morris and several
other > numbers, , after which all present
were treated to a dainty collation, lnclud
lng:bcuillon en tasse. There were present
One day. In u town ¦ where he was ¦ to
lecture, - Henry Ward Beecher went. Into
a barber shop to be shaved. The barber
not knowing him, asked him whether he
was going to hear Beecher lecture. v- "I
guess so," was the reply. "Well." con
tinued the barber, "If. you haven't got a
ticket you can't get one.. They're all sold
and you'll have to stand." "That's just
my luck," said Mr. Beecher.' VI always
did have to stand when I've heard^that
man talk."— Ladles' Home Journal.
At the last held meeting of the Sons of
Exempt Firemen the following * named
were elected for the current -term: li. 8.
Graves, president: W. A. Clark, vice pres
ident; William G. McKibbin. secretary;
P. J. Figel, treasurer; G. Fenstermacher,
marshal; G. W. Smith,. Fred W. Lees.'Ai
Traube, W. L. Humphries Jr., G. Grief,
M. H. Kentzel and W. Rosekamp, direc
tors. At the meeting nine ' names were
added to the membership . roll. ". After the
meeting there was a social hour that was
enjoyed by at least thirty, members.
Sons of Exempt Firemen.
On the' night of the 30th of August
Golden Gate Lodge No. 1, Independent
Elks of America, and trie ladles', auxiliary
of the same lodge had a joint social even
ing In the Albion hall of . the Alcazar
building.' There -were various , games of
cards progressively played, and a number
of handsome prizes were awarded to those
who made the best scores. Refreshments
were served during the evening. The aux
iliary. - which is the attractive feature of
the lodge. Is, as well as the lodge, still
growing in numbers.
Golden Gate Auxiliary.
At the last held review of San Frandact*
Tent of the Maccabees State Commander
Hall paid a visit and spoke encouraging
ly of the rapid growth of the order in this
State and in the United States. He also
praised the tent for its excellent work.
The Increased attendance at the reviews
of this tent speaks well for the efforta
oi the new officers, who have decided to
have at each session something that will
wlf-iest the sir knights. They have en
tertainments, socials in conjunction with
the Ladies of the Maccabees and whist
parties. The degree team, under the lead
ership of Captain F. Shaw, is doing good
work with the candidates that are being
brought in try Special Deputy Greenbergr.
1 he team is perfecting Itself so that IV
expects in a very short time to equal, IX
not surpass, any team In the Union.
» :
Knights of the Maccabees.
On the 1st inst. there was a Jolly crowd
of the Old Friends at a 1 -wayside hotel on
the old Mission road to enjoy a bullshead
breakfast. A tempting repast was served
to about two hundred and fifty under the
shade of numerous fruit trees, and all
who gathered at the festive board en
joyed the deliclously prepared ox heads,
th« tasty chickens and the grape juico
provided in addition to the other delica
cies. Charles Luttringer. the purveyor,
saw to it that none wanted for anything,
and Harry Niemann, the master of cere
monies, entertained with songs, whila Dr.
B. H. Baumeister with witty remarks in
troduced the victims selected to entertain
with story and song.
Old Friends.
The Knights of San Francisco and Ala
meda counties are endeavoring to secure
a certain number to go to Sacramento to
attend Pythian day at the State Fair.
The committee in charge* of the proposed
excursion has secured a very reasonable
rate for a round-trip, and adds In its ap
peal to Knights to "bring your -wife along
if you so desire, as many others have
agreed to do." . : .
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Chancellor. Calkins, announces
the following visitations for j the latter
half of the current month: September 17,
Santa Rosa No. 87, at Santa Rosa; 18th,
Uklah No. 213, at Ukiah; 19th, Friendship
No. 91, at Healdsburg; 20th, Petaluma No.
100, at Petaluma; 23d, Selby No. 192, at
Crockett; 24th, Fidelity No. 23, at Napa;
25th, Pluto No. 130, at St. Helena; 26th,
Washington No. 7, at Vallejo; 27th, Beni
cia No. 99. at Benicia (special); 28th, Sui
sun No. 111. at Suisun (special).
The entertainment on the night of the
2d inst. that was. given by Aurora Lodge
of the Knights and Ladies of Honor In
celebration of the institution of the order
was a very. entertaining affair, which will
long be pleasantly remembered by all who
attended. The programme was worthy of
special mention, not for Its -length, but
for the excellence of the numbers pre
sented. There was an overture by Mrs.
Fannie Igo, vocal selections by M. O'Brien
and G. Walker, an address by Z. T. Whit
ton, grand protector; vocal selections by
Mrs. Igo and remarks for the good of the
order by Supreme Representative Mrs. L.
J. Wheelock. Then followed refreshments
and dancing. Among those who were pres
ent besides the grand and supreme officers
named were Grand Secretary Quitzow, Su
preme • Deputy Mrs. Emma Quitzow,
Grand Treasurer A. Gompertz, Protector
Mrs. S. Fahrenholz and Past Protectors
Mrs. Kreps,' Mrs. Gompertz and 'Mrs.
Nussbaum of Martha Lodge.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Sempione Grove of Santa Rosa Is mak
ing a s*rr>ng effort to secure one of the
prizes offered by the noble grand arch.
It has already initiated eighteen strangers
and wlU'have six more for the next meet-
Ing. I- - -.-: ' * "•' '• '..•'-..¦ - .- - -¦ .
i : Laurel -¦ Grove of. this city received two
applications at its last held meeting. -
A committee of the big initiation com
mittee commenced . visiting the local
groves last week in the interest of ¦ the
movement for the purpose of creating an
enthusiasm in ¦ the \, matter. * Hesperian
Grove was visited on the -3d,' Eureka and
Manzanita were visited - on the . 6th and
Norma, Grove on the 6th..
On the night of the 3d inst. Noble Grand
Arch Julius S. Godeau, accompanied Z_ by
Supreme Herald James F. MartinonI,
Grand Secretary John M. Graves, Grand
Treasurer F. J. Horn, Grand Trustee A.
M. Armstong and Past Arch L.A. Wolff,
editor of the Druids' Magazine, went to
Vallejo, where Vallejo Grove No. 131 was
instituted by the head of the order and
those who accompanied him in the pres
ence of Past Arches W. W. Johnson, Ed
Glse and J. B. Devlin and twelve other
members of Benicia Grove, Past Arch A.
Grantz, Noble Arch Acguistapan and ten
members of Fraternity Grove, eleven
members of William Grove of Napa and
delegations from other groves. The in
stituting officers were Noble Grand
Arch Godeau, James F. Martlhoni as dep
uty grand arch; F. J. Horn, grand treas
urer: • J. M. Graves, grand secretary; L.
A. Wolff as grand marshal; W. W. John
son us grand guide, and Ed Glse as grand
sentinel. After the institution the de
grees were conferred In an impressive
manner/ Grand- Secretary Graves : and
Grand 'Trustee Armstrong alternating in
thecfnce.of noble arch. The twenty-five
who are on the charter roll are among
the best known citizens of Vallejo. After
the ceremonies Noble Grand Arch Godeau
delivered an address that -was listened to
with marked attention, and then there
was a banquet, music, songs, jokes and
speeches. . . •
The Druids.
Sherwood Circle has taken quarters la
the Shlels building, holding its. first meet
ing there on the 5th inst. The circle gave
Us seventh monthly meeting in the Laurel
Hall of that building on the night of the
7th Inst. and it was well attended.
Loyal Circle recently gave a social in
the social hall of the Foresters' building
which was well attended and was a pleas
ing affair for the lovers of dancing.
Deputy A."U. Field visited Stockton re
cently and in two weeks had thirty-two
strangers initiated Into the court there. -
The high chief ranger was in Denver,
Colo., on the 3d inst. He paid a visit to
Court Robinson and on the 8th was to ba
tendered a. reception.
Another court was recently organized
at Yerrington, Lyon County. Nevada, it
will be known as Court Walker River.
A new court of the order has been hv»
stltuted at Cottonwood, Shasta County,
with thirty charter members, all but nva
being present at the institution by Per
manent Secretary Falconer in the absence
of tha high chief ranger. A. E. Hesketa
was the organizer.
Ancient Older of Foresters.
The report of the supreme reporter,
dated September 1, announces 134 deaths,
and that all claims under those deaths
will be paid by the 10th of the current
month. Up to that time the order "will
have paid $74,000,000 in liquidation of 38,277
beneficiary claims. .
San Jose announces that it 'has secured
a large number of applications and that
it expects to have work for every meeting
for the next sixty days. The officers of
this lodge are very efficient and none has
ever used the ritual In conferring de
grees.
Norman Lodge will have a class of can
didates to initiate at its meeting next
Tuesday night.
Liberty Lodge is receiving applications
from strangers right along and will have
candidates to . initiate at every meeting
this and next month. Ben I. Salomon, a
prominent member of this lodge and Su
preme Lodge representative, one of the
most wideawake fraternal men in this
city, will be a candidate before the Re
publican convention for the office of Tax
Collector.
Eureka Lodge has swung Into line and
Is once more marching under the banner
of progress. Its meetings are being well
attended, and at the meeting last Wednes
day three applications were presented and
more were promised.
J. G. Kelly, who for twenty years has
been the financial secretary of this lodge,
has gone to the springs for the benefit of
his health. -
The meeting of Saxon Lodge of the
Knights of Honor was j largely attended
last Tuesday and two applications for
membership were presented.
Knights of Honor.
The parlor of beautiful girls of. the
Western Addition,' Darina, on the 4th
Inst. celebrated the second anniversary of
its existence by a grand ball in Golden
Gate Hall, which proved to be one of the
most . delightful social functions ever
given .by ' this very - enterprising subor
dinate of the N. p. G. W. The hall was
tastefully but not extravagantly decor
ated. The beautiful * girls of the parlor
appeared more beautiful than ever in ele
gant gowns,. and the grand march; made
up of numerous fancy figures, was led by
Floor Manager Edythe Brown and her as
sistant, Daisy Nepp, , followed by First
Vice President Kathryn McGough and
Dr. J. F. Novltzky.' There was a well ar
ranged programme of the latest dances,
which was enjoyed by; all.' Thfe commit
tees were: "Arrangements— Edythe Brown
(chairman), Daisy Nepp., Minnie. Abrams,
Lulu v Aron, Lydla' Carroll; reception-
Pauline '.Unger. -Alma - Wobbery. Elizabeth
TIetgen; Emma Kuegler, Ida Kuegler,
A new parlor has been instituted in San
MateO' through the energetic efforts of
Mrs. George W. Bleil of that place,. who
for some time worked to • secure a subor
dinate in her home place of th«.only Cali
fornia organization that Is managed by
and for women. .The parlor was insti
tuted last week by-District Deputy Grand
President Mrs. . Julia A. Steinbach, one of
the most perfect and impressive deputies
In the order, assisted by a delegation from
Bonita Parlor of Redwood City. After the
installation of »the officers for the balance
of the current term, Mrs. E. C: Bleil being
Installed as president and- Miss Anna
Mead as recording- secretary, there was
a banquet and a very pleasant time. The
new parlor is to be known as Monte Ro
bles No. 127. • : . . .
Miss Leana • Fotheringham of Amapola
Parlor was married - a few days since to
Frank Payne, past president of Amador
Parlor, at Sutler Creek. Both are well
known in Sutter Creek, where they are
leaders in society ¦ and prominent -in the
orders of which they are honored - mem
bers. The young couple start married life
under auspicious circumstances and have
the best wishes of all who have the pleas
ure of their acquaintance.' •
Grand Secretary Ml^s Laura J. Frakes
left this city last Wednesday to spend her
vacation In Sutter Creek, her - former
home. On the Monday preceding she was
the guest of Past Grand President Mrs.
Mary E. Tillman at a reception and din
ner tendered her on the eve of her de
parture. The spacious parlors In Mrs.
Tillman's home were prettily arranged for
the occasion, and during the afternoon
there were music and literary numbers,
that were enjoyed by the following named,
who In addition to the guest of honor and
hostess were present: Past Grand Presi
dents Mollie B. Johnson, Belle W. Conrad
and Lena H. Mills: Grand Vice President
Eliza D. Keith, Mary Meyers, Josephine
Coddington, Mamie McCarthy, Miss Sher
idan and Miss Cavan. The function in
honor of j the grand secretary was well
planned and successfully carried out.
On the night of the 2d Inst. Miss Lillian
Hamilton, president of Darlna Parlor,
who to-morrow will become the bride of
Axel Ferdinand Anderson, was given a
farewell surprise reception in ¦ the .Red
Men's building, farewell to girlhood.
There were congratulatory speeches, a
collation and then dancing, for and by girls
only. Among those who addressed the
meeting was Mrs. Genevieve W. Baker,
the grand president. Miss Hamilton
thanked all the members of the parlor
for their kind wishes, ana also thanked
the visitors from Buena Vista and Orin
da parlors for their congratulations.
Alta Parlor took a vote on ' the propo
sition to pay the per capita tax out of the
general fund instead of allowing the
members to pay the same individually,
and it was lost by reason of a few votes
short of two-thirds required to carry
such a proposition.
Mrs. Genevleve W. Baker, the talented
and^eloquent grand president of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West, was
invited to lead the grand march, at the
Admission day ball of the San Jose cele
bration, but she was forced to decline the
honor, having . previous to receiving the
invitation promised to be in Grass Val
ley.
Native Daughters.
California Camp at its last held meet-
Ing initiated two candidates. On Tues
day night the Hayseed Band of this camp,
attired in full uniform, visited Alpha
Camp in Oakland and entertained tha
neighbors. The members of the band
were cordially received and all had a good
time. ¦ . .
The "hard times" party that was given
on the night of the 4th inst. by Redwood
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft was
attended by nearly 400 people, represent
ing the several circles of the. order and
members of the several local camps. Tha
members of the circle were all attired In
costumes that were evidence of the hard
est kind of times, but the dress did not "
Interfere with the enjoyment of the danca
and fun and frolic. One of the evidences
of "hard times" was the serving by beau
tiful young women of Icecream, pies,
cakes and coffee. The committee tha:
managed the function was Mrs. M. E.
Schweinhard, Mrs. A. H. Cornell. Mrs. A,
M. Wilder, Mrs. Hotchklss, Mrs. Lay ana
Messrs. Foster and Hall.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World at its meeting on the 2d inst.
initiated several candidates. On thet 15th,
inst. a number of the members of this
camp will go to Redwood City's ceme
tery, where there will be unveiled a mon
ument to the memory of the late William
P. Martin, who was a member of tha
camp.
Woodmen of the World.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will give a
minstrel show on the night of the 21st
inst. in aid of the hospital fund for the
Orphans' Home.
Last Wednesday night, after the busi
ness of Oriental Rebekah Lodge, Mrs.
George T. Shaw, P. N. G.. took charge of
the entertainment.' The feature was the
presentation of a drill by the awkward
squad by a number 'of the ladies of the
lodge under the captaincy of Past Grand
Frank Derby. This was provocative of a
great deal of amusement and when the
drill was declared oft the captain was
challenged to a prize contest by Captain
Allle Parker of Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2.
The prize was won by Mrs. S. G. Hinton.
It was expected that it would have gone
to the vice grand, Sarah Draffin, but the
judges^ decided that she had not been
awkward enough. This was followed by a
needle picking contest, each one who
entered being allowed fifteen seconds to
gather up a lot of ¦ needles with a mag
net. The prize went to E.jA. Wheeler of
Mission Rebekah Lodge. The members
then had a grape feast, the fruit donated
by Mrs. Shaw. Ne::t .Wednesday Noble
Grand Mrs. Harriet Beckley will superin
tend a dancing contest. The lodge is
getting ready to have a stereopticon exhi
bition of views of Oberammagau in aid of
the Orphans' Home.
Last Monday night Loyal Rebekah
Lodge conferred the degrees on three
strangers, and the manner in which the
work was done drew forth, under good
of the order, the statement from Past
President -Mrs. Butler of the Colorado
Assembly that she had visited more than
a hundred Rebekah lodges and had never
seen Loyal's work equaled but by two.
After the business there was a social hour
which was very enjoyable.
The Bebekahs.
The members of the local councils of
the Daughters 'of Liberty and those of
the councils of tbe Junior Order of United
American Mechanics, together with a
large number of their friends, will leave
by the 9 o'clock ferry to-morrow morning:
to spend • Admission day In Mill Valley.
It is to be a private picnic, and as these
people are socially and fraternally united
they will doubtless spend a pleasant day,
in the old mill town reservation.
Daughters of Liberty.
Empress Victoria Lodge No. 142 of the
Daughters of St. George has appointed a
committee to arrange for a grand literary
entertainment and dance in the Red Men's
building on -the night of the 24th Inst.
An invitation will be extended' to mem
bers of the army and navy to be present.
Daughters of St. George.
The quarterly social of Court Acme In
the Alcazar building on the 4th inst. was
attended by many members, their lady
relatives and friends, who had an enjoya
ble ¦ time until midnight. Entertaining
numbers were presented between dances
by James Hughes, J. McCormack, Miss
Starkwell and John O'Rourke. The fea
ture of the evening was the sweet singing
by James Hughes, who is blind. The af
fair was under the direction of J. L. Cal
lahan, L. J. Moran, Robert Renloison,-S.
Aldrich, A. Glover, C. A. Glover, Samuel
Sullivan and J. McCormick.
Grand Senior Woodward H. A. Gabriel
will visit Court Golden Eagle on the 19th
inst.
Court Ferndale, organized by Deputy
Grand Chief Ranger A. Gustafson, was
instituted last week by Grand ' Secretary
Cordy, assisted by officers and members
of Court Eureka. Hon. C. H. Boynton was
chosen past chief ranger, H. R. Davis
chief ranger and S. G. Aggeler financial
secretary.
Court Elmhurst will have an anniver
sary celebration on the 20th inst.
At the recent social given by Court Seal
Rock of the Foresters of America an in
teresting feature of the evening was the
presentation to Andrew Roberts, on be
half of the court by Charles Johnson, of
a past chief ranger's Jewel and certifi
cate. The recipient made a happy speech
In accepting the gifts of good will and ap
preciation. The entertainment was under
the direction of Edward Burrows, a mem
ber of the court, who made a great suc
cess of the affair. This court is moving
along in its quiet, easy way, continually
adding to ita membership. At the last
held meeting three candidates were ad
mitted and several applications were pre
sented. On other but social nights the
members after business engage in whist
playing and they are getting up quite a
whist club.
At the recent session of the Supreme
Court a new ritual prepared by Represent
ative "Wolfe was adopted and will shortly
take the place of the one now in use. The
next session of the Supreme Court will be
held In Providence, R. I. T. G. Donahue
of Rhode Island was elected supreme
chief ranger, W. H. Hogan of Massachu
setts sub-chief, H. W. Mace of Pennsyl
vania treasurer, E. McMurtry of New
York secretary .and Dr. W. M. Duge of
New York medical examiner. California
did not obtain representation on the su
preme board of officers.
Foresters of America.
The monthly open meeting of PlckwlcK
Lodge of the Sons of St. George on the 2d
Inst. was, notwithstandingr the fact that
It was a legal holiday, well attended, and
the programme, a scratch one, the sev
eral numbers being by those present, was
the equal of many that have required
many days In preparation. There weret
present several' members of other lodges
and a number of strangers, who wanted
to see a jolly English gathering. Several
of the strangers contributed to tho even
ing's enjoyment. Mr. Pope recited orig
inal verses, which were meritorious, and
these, with the recitations of Brandon and
Fisher, were pleasing features. The best
non-musical number was an anecdote by
H. Digby Johnston, L.L. IX, of his early
practice at the bar. It was racy, humor
ous and well worded. Messrs. St. John,
Walker, Gerrans, Fisher and Prior fa
vored with vocal solos, all excellent rendi
tions, but Mr. St. John, who Is a retired
English soldier who has served In all
parts of the world, was able to put a
great deal of feeling In "Tommy Atkins,"
and he was encored again and again. Mr.
Potter of Burnaby Lodge and Midship
man Wood also favored with songs, after
which Mr. Wood and four othep- middies
gave a "chanty" in fine style. During tha
evening the instrumental accompaniments
were by Messrs. Hughes, Gerran and
Brandon Jr., and the committee served re
freshments of the old English sort — ala
and brown stout, and to keep this com
pany there was bread and cheese.
Sons of St. George.
The. grand orator during the past weett
paid official visits to Mount Diablo Parlor*
Halcyon, Carqulnez and Winters. On tha
10th inst. he will visit Washington Parlor,
on the 11th he will bo with Eden Parlor
and on the 12th he will visit Piedmont
Parlor.
Native Sons.
Independent Foresters.
The bonbon party of Court Seal Rock of
the Independent Order of Foresters given
In r>evlaadero Hall on the night of the
2d Inst. was attended by about one hun
dred and fifty people, who spent a most
enjoyable evening in dancing. The affair
was under the direction of a committee oC
which Brother Cameron was chairman,
and It was most admirably conducted. 5
During the past week the special com
mittee of Companion Court paid a visit
to Court Southern Heights in the Inter-*
est of extending the work of Companion
Court in this city.
Martha Washington's grand entertain
ment and ball will be given in Union
Square Hall on the 24th Inst.
Pride of the Forest Circle, under the
watchful eye of Deputy S. Schweitzer, has
been taking on new life and hardly a
meeting passes but that some one is ini
tiated. At the meeting last week there
were two initiations and six applications
were presented. The meeting was at
tended by Grand Sub-Chief Companion
Mrs. ¦ H. Worms, representatives of Mar
tha Washington Circle and Mizpah Circle.
Loreley Circle will give a basket party
in the Alcazar on the night of the 12th
inst. ¦ /
Bay City Circle has taken quarters In
the Native Sons' building. It will have a
house warming on thelSth inst.
Sonora Circle reports four Initiations re
cently, with two applications. At a re
cent entertainment in aid of the fund for
the sick the circle cleared within a frac
tion of $50, a good result considering that
many were out of town on account of the
hot weather.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice Ti
coulet will officially visit Inter Nos Circle
on September 18th, Mizpah Circle on the
24th and Martha Washington Circle on
the 26th.
From the semi-annual reports that have
been received by Grand Financial Secre
tary Miss A. L>. Bremer the following In
teresting figures are taken: Number of
members January 1, 1901, 2002; initiated
and admitted by card since that date, 802;
total, 2802; withdrawn, died and stricken
from the rolls for non-payment of duesx,
402, leaving a net gain of 400 members dur
ing the first six months of the year. The
net gain In finances during the same pe
riod was $809 65, there being In the va
rious circle funds on the 30th of June
$5430 05.
American Companions.
A new canton of the Patriarchs Mili
tant was recently organized in Bakers
field by Frank W. Smith, formerly of
Redding, . who was so prominent in ar
ranging the details of the Grand Encamp
ment that was held there last year. The
new organization, which will work to
have the Grand Encampment held in
Bakersfleld in 1903, has elected" F.~ W.
Smith captain, Howard Healy lieutenant,
Dr. T. W. Helm ensign, G. H. Peters
clerk and L. B. Seabrook accountant.
Among those who attended was Nathan
Myer, the first noble grand of the lodge
and the only living charter member. After,
the' programme there was served an ex
cellent collation and light refreshments.
The affair was carried out to a successful
termination by A. Steiner, H. Newburgh,
S. Regensburgtr, L. Jones and C. S.
Wheeler.
Opening: remarks, H. Newburgh; zither duet
(selected), Joseph L. Regensburger,, Edward W.
Regensburger; soprano solo, "Merrily I Roam"
(Schleiffarth). Miss Dorothy Goodsell; alto solo,
"Sing On" (Denza), Miss Xenia Roberta;
reading, "A Tragedy" i (Coppe), Miss Jennie
Long; mandolin solo (unaccompanied) (a) "Old
Kentucky Home" (Adelstein), (b) "Miserere
del Trovatore" (Verdi-Bellenghi), Samuel Adel
stein: tenor solo, "Once" (Hervey), Herbert
Williams; soprano solo (a) "At Parting"
(Rogers), (b) " 'Twas April" (Nevin), Miss
Dorothy Goodsell; lute solo, "Romanza" (Bal-
Bimella), Samuel Adelstein; tenor solo, "Dawn"
(Somerset), Herbert Williams; reading, "A
Meeting With Royalty" (Anon), Miss Jennie
Long; alto solo, "Alia Stella Confldente"
(Robaudi), Miss Xenia Roberts, lute obllgato.
Samuel Adelstein; comedietta in one act, "A
Happy Pair," Miss E. Celler and W. A. Lyons,
accompanist. M. Dellepiane. • ¦"
On the 3d of September Bay City Lodge
No. 71 celebrated the forty-fourth'anni
versary of its institution by an entertain
ment in the Memorial Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. There were present
nearly the entire membership and a large
number of lady and gentleman relatives
and friends to enjoy the excellent pro
gramme by professional talent. The pro
gramme, which was under the direction
of Brother Samuel Adelstein, was as fol
lows:
On the nteht of the 2d Inst. Fidelity
Lodge gave another of its interesting and
entertaining socials in the Memorial Hall
of the Odd Fellows' building and, as us
ual, every invitation issued was honored.
The hall was tilled to its limit and all
were delighted with the programme "that
was offered. The committee that assisted
Noble Grand C. F. Phillips was W. A.
Rainey, A. G. Myers and J. J. Philipps.
The- entertainment programme Included a
piano "duet by Vera Fields and Dorilea
Lacey, vocal solo by Lillian Fleming, spe
cialty by J. Dunphy, fancy dance by Miss
SKumacner, piano selections by Miss Alma
Frauenholz and a farce in which several
members of the lodge took part. The pro
gramme was followed by dancing and all
left the hall with an exalted opinion of
the hospitality of Fidelity No. 222.
The first initiation by the new officers
of Apollo Lodge was had last week. The
ceremonies -were conducted In a most Im
pressive manner by the officers. The hon
ors of the evening were captured by N.
D. Slckels, the conductor. On the 6th Inst.
the degree /team of the lodge, in new re
galia and costumes, conferred the first
degree under the direction of Captain H.
D. Saville.
Farnsworth Lodge will celebrate Its
sixth anniversary, on the 6th of October
by a suitable entertainment In Memorial
Hall of the I/O. O. F. building. /
The lodges. of : district No. 55 of the I.
O. O. F.,r which are; Bay City, Abou Ben
Adhem, Apollo," Cosmopolitan and Excel
sior, will hold an open meeting in the hall
ofiExcelsior Lodge on the evening of the
16th inst. These lodges are under the su
pervision of H. f D. Saville, . T>. D. G.-M.
There will be dancing.
Odd Fellowship.
At a meeting of the board of Fraud di
rectors of the Young Men's Institute J.
B. Queen was elected president. Georg*
A. Stanly, the grand secretary, Is ex offl
do secretary of the board.
The following committees were appoint
ed: Finance— T. W. Kelly, Rev. J. W;
Sullivan. J. P. Sex and L. V. Figuelredo;
supplies— J. J. McCarthy, L. V. FlgTierie
do, J. F. Kenny, L. W. Mahoney and J.
P. Sex; law .and supervision— J. P, Sex.
Rev. J. "W. Sullivan, J. B. Queen, J. Mc-
Carthy and T. W. Kelly. This commit
tee was also named to serve in the sanw
capacity for the Grand Council. The com
mittee on state of tha order Is Neal
Power. J. T. Fitzgerald. P. J. McGaxry.
T. A. Cody, P. H. Ryan. The arbitration
committee is F. A. Myer, Rev. Father
McQualde, D. J. Long, L. &. Guldette. W.
J. Eagan, J. H. Ford and T. R. Curfl3.
The names of the new deputy grand
presidents will shortly be announced.
Young Hen's Institute.
a large number of- the past and present
officers of local chapters. I "--—. '¦> ' J .
Last Friday night Golden Geta Chapter
had work In the- presence of tha grand
patron, ruany visitors and a large, number
of the members. The work of the even
ing was followed by a pleasing hour la
the banauet halL
Next Thursday, a class of fourteen will
be initiated into Bay City Lodge of
Eureka.
Deputy Grand Master Barnes is visit
ing the southern part of the State in the
interest of the order. ¦'-...
Special Deputy Walter Malloy writes
from Downieville that he has a class of
six to initiate.
Grand Overseer Browning addressed a
public meeting at Tesla last week, and
his talk was followed by .the presentation
of twelve applications by as . many Indi
viduals who had been won over.
On the 4th inst. ex-Grand Recorder D.
S. Hirshberg addressed Valley Lodge on
the subject of the approaching celebra
tion, and in most convincing language
showed the members of the largest lodge
in the jurisdiction that it is their duty to
make a most excellent showing at the
celebration. The speaker, who is a mem
ber of one of the Oakland lodges, stated
that the Grand Lodge expecteit the San
Francisco lodges, thirty-two iir number,
to have on celebration night an aggregate
of 300 newly initiated members to receive
their certificates from the supreme mas
ter workman, and added: "There ought
not to be the slightest difficulty to ob
tain that number in sixty days. "Why if
the proposition was started in Oakland
we would get that number in less than
thirty days." E. C. Stock, past master
of Franklin Lodge, made some practical
suggestions, and after several others had
spoken the lodge gave a vote of thanks
to the ex-recorder for his eloquent and
enthusiasm producing address, and one' to
the past- master of Franklin for his earn
est, practical, common sense talk. All the
members who were" present, and there
were about fifty, pledged themselves to
present one candidate each and do his
level best U> make the celebration a suc
cess, i
Past Grand Master Workmen Snook
and Danforth addressed Unity Lodge dur
ing the week, each making entertaining
addresses on the subject of celebration
date. They succeeded in arousing enthu
siasm in the membership. On Friday
night Past Grand Master Young ad
dressed Golden Gate Lodge and Past
Grand Master Danforth spoke to Burns
Lodge. The last named spoke on Friday
to Franklin Lodge.
During the coming week • Olympic,
Golden West; Prosperity, Noe Valley, San.
Francisco, Fidelity, Friendship, St. John,
Excelsior, Bay View, Hercules and Spar
tan will be visited. - The speakers chosen
for "the week are Past Supreme Master
Jordan, Past Grand Masters Young,
Snook, Bahrs, Danforth and Hlrshberg,
Grand Overseer Browning and „ Grand
Medical' Examlner'Dr." Mayon. r r ¦¦".- x
The, Past Masters' Association, Major
Blackman president, has arranged for a
day and a night at the Chutes on the 26th
of October.
On the 2d inst. Grand Overseer F. W.
Browning addressed a good meeting of
the members of Bernal Lodge in the in
terest of the celebration. On the follow
ing night Past Grand Master Snook ad
dressed Unity Lodge, Past Grand Master
Bahrs spoke to Triumph Lodge and Past
Grand Master Edwin Lanforth had some
thing to say to Unity Lodge also on the
coming celebration, which it is proposed
to make the greatest the order has ever
known in this city.
Last Monday night Magnolia Lodge
clearly demonstrated that there need be
no lack of Interest in. the lodges of this
order if the right steps are taken to bring
the membership out: There was an open
meeting such as there is on the first meet
ing night in each month and every seat
in Ruby Hall, Red Men's building, in
which the lodge meets, was occupied.
There was an interesting address by Past
Supreme Master W. H. Jordan on the
subject of the approaching celebration of
the, order and then a few remarks on
what active work is being done in ! this
matter by Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer.
There were present a number of visitors,
including Deputy Grand Master W. _H.
Barnes. The programme that was * pre
sented for the entertainment of all was
high class and reflects credit on the com
mittee composed of N. Fallek, M. L.
Stern and C. S. Packard. There were
songs, recitations, instrumental music and
literary efforts presented by Master Joe
Cunningham, M. Samuels, Master Irving
Fallek, Messrs. Piatz, Walsh, Stern and
Fabian. Magnolia sandwiches and cigars
v/ere distributed. -
in Mangels Hall on the night of
the 10th. This will be the third of, a series
that have been inaugurated b'y these
lodges and they are growing In popular
ity. The entertainment Is billed for 8:30
and dancing for 10 o'clock.
THE combined lodges of the Mis
sion district will hold an open
meeting and give an"~entertain
ment in the hall of Alta Lodge,
-San Luisita - Parlor of San L.uis Oblspo
has appointed Misses Nell Thomson, Josie
Rosellp, Cecil Zedennan, Kathleen Hourl
han and Mesdames Almira Fielder and
Nellie Sauer as its good of the order com
mittee, -which, -after the last heldmeet
ingr, at which two strangers were received
Into membership, presented a very Inter
esting -.. programme of entertainment,
which Included music, literary numbers,
followed by games, and the serving of a
collation and light refreshments. .
Maud Jones, Barbara Hundrup; floor—
Minnie Abrams, Lulu Aron, Lydla Car
roll. . , -
tet,* . ft short talk by tha great senior
segarnore; then instrumental muslo by L
F. Klein, specialties 1 by Kelly and Mar
lowe; fancy dance, A. Velller; vocal se
lections by D. von Staden and "W. Bred
hoff, and short talks by J. H. Hutaff,
Charles Gay, Great Sannap E. Lastreto,
Past Great Sachem Fred .Brandt. V. F.
Northrop, G. W. Farrin. H. Guttstadt.
Professor Carl Sawvell, J. Samuels, T. H.
Sellers, J. Fowzer, S. H. Wilcox, C. A.
Kalghln, J. Hagan, C. Fowler, P. D.
Ritchie. L, L. Remey. G. 8. Graham. L
Schwartz. E. K. Hill, R. R. Vail, S. Gold
man and W. R. Hall. The committee of
arrangements was I. Meyer, 31. T. All
man H. H. Dilges, W. R. Ward and W.
J. Nodder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, 1 SUNDAY, ... SEPTEMBER 8, . 1 90 1.
Told in the Ante=Rooms
30
ROOMS A3TD BOARD.
California.' 801— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists,
THE Crocker. »15 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL, 80S (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite; splendid for gents; board.'
PINE. 783— Lovely sunny rooms; excellent
board; (20 to $30 per month.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. Bl»— Handsome furnished parlors.
all conv.. gunny suites; best table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWO or threw rooms: •unfurnished, except car-
pets; board; couple; north Market. Box 177,
Call office. ¦
By business lady; room and board; refined
family; fl.5 month; central. Box 187. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ¦
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
at.t. kinds bought, sold, ' rented, exchanged ; re-
palrtng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (20 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the offlce of the
company^ S27 Market et., on and after Tues-
day, September 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Wednesday, September 4, 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretory.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co.. room
36. second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
cisco. Sept. 3. 1901— Dividend No. 192 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the office of said company,
room 18, second floor. Mills building, on Sept.
15. 1901. Transfer books will close on Sept.
», 1901. at S p. m. . '.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 33, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia St.. San Francisco, on September 10, 1901.
* Transfer books close Sept. 3, 1901. at noon.
JULIAN SONNTAG. Secretary pro tern.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TY^WRITElC&^We
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Type writer
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines tlO up. 209 Sansome.
I>IARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George W. French, 45, 29 Guy place, and
May R. Bannister, 30. 29 Silver street.
Joseph J. King, 21, Oakland, and Mary A.
Cleir, 20, Oakland.-
Niels L. Hansen. S3, 14 Eighth street, and
Maren M. Jensen, 23, city. •
Edward H. Wobber, 23. 922^4 Folsom street
and Rose E. Snow, 23, 1632 Hayes street.
Frank L. Montgomery, 21, 127 Hyde street,
and Martha M. Richardson. 21. 1904 Market st
Paul B. Dithlefsen, 21, C18 California street
and Theresa Bryant 20, 11V4 Fair avenue.
Axes F. Anderson. 27, 640 Connecticut street
and Llllie J. Hamilton. 26, 540 Connecticut st.
John A. Mohler, 51. Woodland, and Mary E.
Cross, 32. Boston. Mass.
L»o Manlpck, 25, 1627 Turk street and Julia
Elken. 23. 226 Fulton street.
Robert B. Ojrflvie, 28. 610 Polk street and
Katharine G. Crllly, 23, 536 Jessie street
Martin J. Prendergast, 21, city, and Mar-
; sraret J. Temple, 18, city.
Donner H. Snedeker, 26. 35 Eleventh street
and Sadie Craig, 24, 35 Eleventh street.
Frederick W. Foley, 35, 406 Sutter street and
Margaret K. Klenck, 30, 333 Dore street
Ferdinand R. Rasmussen, 26, 1322 Rhode
Island street and Emma A. Henzie, 25, 2333
Mission street
James H. Breslin Jr., 28, Auburn, and Edith
Toung, 22, Auburn.
George A. David. 25. South San Francisco,
and Katie Matzinger, 22, South San Fran-
cisco. *
Charles F. Lengeman, 36, city, and Emma
Haarstrlch. 35, city.
Hau Hon. 42, 814 Washington street, and
Chan Chue, 25, 814 Washington street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the sublication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
BTJICK— In this city, September 8, 190L to the
wife of William Bulck, a daughter.
BTRNS— In this city. September 5. 1901, to the
wife of John Edward Byrns, a daughter.
CLARK— In this city, August 31. 1901, to the
wife of W. C. Clark, a daughter.
ELLINGWOOD— In this city, September 5,
1901. to the wife of W. C. Ellingwood, a
daughter.
FLEMING— In this city, August 4, 1901, to the
wife of C N. Fleming, a son.
GEIMANN— In this city. August 29. 1901. to
the wife of W. J. Gelmann. a daughter.
KENNEDY— In this city. August 1, 1901. to
the wife of William J. Kennedy, a daughter.
LETTICH— In this city, September 6, 1901. to
the wife of Antone Lettich (nee Rhein), a
daughter.
MANNING— In this city, September 7, 1901, to
the wife of P. H. Manning, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city. August 23. 1901. to the
wife of Joseph A. O'Brien, a daughter.
PICASSO— In this city, September 3, 1901. to
the wife of E. Picasso, a daughter.
j BILVERSTINE— In Oakland, August 18, 1901,
to the wife of A. Silverstine, a daughter.
STRAUSE— In this city. September 2. 1901. to
tbe -wife of M. Etrause, a daughter.
WALLACE— In this city, September 2. 1901, to
the wife of Captain J. W. Wallace, a daugh-
ter.
WINKEL-In this city, September 8, 1901, to
the wife of Captain George Wlnkel, a son.
MAKBIED.
ANTHONY— HOUSE — In this city, August 10
1901. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Ouy Lenord
Anthony and Beatrice Belanger House, both
of Ban Francisco. i
HULINGS— CALDER— In this 'city, September
4, 1901. by the Rev. Father Parrish, Burton
• Fisher Hullngs of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Dora
Calder of The Palms, Orangevale, Sacra-
mento County.
NOLAN— STEWART— In this city, September
6. 1901. by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Michael C.
Nolan and Bessie A. Stewart, both of San
Francisco.
O'CONNOR-* DOERMANN— In Ran Rafael,
AugUEt 7, 1901, by the Rev. Father Eagan,
William C. O'Connor and Ida Doermann,
both of San Francisco.
SMITH— GRAHAM— In this city, August 16
1901, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, John «mlth and
Mrs. Cathrine H. Graham, both of San
Francisco.
WINEHOLZ— CAIN— In this city. August 1,
1901. at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev
Father Collins. Joseph C. Weinholz and Jo-
sephlne A. Cain, both of San Francisco.
died! ~~~~
Barrett Catherine Johnson, George
Beeny, Theodore McGary, John
Brown, Augusta Muldoon. John
Carrington. Luman O'Callaghan, John
Chauveaux. Louis . Ornsby, Mary ¦ •
Driscoll. Walter Pierce. Mrs. Maria L.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County. * :
OFFICE 816 MARKET 6TREET.
- J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS. I
Funeral i Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
Any Other'-House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McKadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M.
J. McBrearty, with the 'same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, late with " J, C.
O'Qonnor & Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
tnth and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.-
107 POWELL ST.N f .«ELLlS 2SST5056
' OAEAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND RE AX ESTATE.
$500 CASH. $8 60 monthly; B-room cottage and
• high basement, water In house, barn. shed.
line nursery adjoining; lot 62x340 feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electrto car line
and Z blocks from a wide boulevard and fine
public school; grand view; well sheltered and
level; fronting on main county road: adjoin-
ing East Oakland; price all told. {1600. Call
or eend for circular, 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
WANTED— A bearing fruit ranch; must be a
bargain: buildings nc object: no trlflers.
Bend price and description to box 2304, Call
efflce. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE! FOR SALE.
JLN introduction to you from H. Bchellhaaa. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
— «i^°J? MS FOR UOCSE *£ E EPIXG.
CALIFORXIA, 1527— Sunny single and douMs
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
EDDY, 445— Large sunny rooms; newly fur-
. nlshed; privilege of kitchen; bath; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1622 — 3 rooms furnished complete for
' housekeeping.
FOLSOM, £20— Reopened, large rooms on first
floor for families with children; large ground.
FTJLTON. 1506. near Scott— Three eunny unfur-
clEhed rooms; bath; laundry; reference.
HAYES. ESS — S5; rooms to let; room, yard, use
of kitchen and parlor.
HOWARD. 1063—2 completely fur. sunny con-
necting rooms; running water; range: $10.
JACKSON, 1613-Honsekeeplng rooms, nicely
turn.; private; reasonable; ail conveniences.
JESSIE. 363. near Mint— Furniehed room*. 55;
housekeeping, $9. -
LANGTON. 212%. near Seventh— Three large
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; larg* sunny
yard.
LARKIN. 716— Two eunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
LASKIE, 27. between Eighth and Ninth, off
Mission — 3 sunny furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
LINDEN ave., 316, near Gough— 1 larre sunny
front room; also another large room; very
reasonable.
MINNA, B49— 1 large front room furnished com-
. plete for housekeeping; $8 month.
" OAK. Ill — 3 nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gag; stove and bath.
OCTAVIA, 1403, comer Geary— Partly fur-
nlshed suite, with stove, bay window, jlfl.
O'FARRELL. 917 — 3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and use of laundry.
l'OLK. IOC:— 3 and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SOLAR FLATS. 623 Turk — Fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room «uites for housekeeping;
J unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
BOUTH PARK. 1S4— 2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping-.
THIRD. C5 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; use of bath and washtubs,
2 NICE large completely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; north of Market; rent J15. Ad-
dress box ISL Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubecriptions bas been established at 1096
. Valencia «t.
CLASSIFD2D advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Unfnrn.
A — AN elegant front parlor suite; sunny; hand-
somely furnished, with running water; phone
find gss fireplace; to 1 or 2 gentlemen pre-
ferred; In private family; finest location In
city. 1242 California st.
ROOMS - TO LET.
A— FOR rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, eee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2234 Red.
AHLBCRN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave,— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, COc up 1 ; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
SDc to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AP.GYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUirter-st. cars.
A WELL-FURNISHED bedroom, bath. In
small private family; Panhandle district; ref-
erences. Address box 201, Call office.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
re-novatc-d; 25c to 75c, Tl to S3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, tl 60 per week up: elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
Jirst-class; quiet; central.
BETHEL House. E23 Mission— Furnished and
housekeeping rooms; day, week or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BCSH. 727 — Furnished single front room; also
others for gentlemen; gas; bath; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished Bunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT. 210— Xewly furnished single and double
rooms S6 uz>; centra! location.
J8W>T. C4— A large nicely furnished room;
rtrlctly private family.
ELEVENTH. 225^-Sunny front unfurnished
room for light housekeeping.
ELLIS. €39. corner Larkln— Sunny front room.
S12; bedrooms. {7 to $9.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. eunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
GLEN PARK AVE.. 6— Sunny furnished room,
rent $4; respectable lady; do not ring bell-
walk upstairs.
GREEN. Ull. near Laguna— Bay window front
room, large and light, for lor! persons; rent
HAYES, 225— Two sunny front bay-window
rooms: furniehed; bath, etc.; Is suitable also
for an offloe.
HOTEL 6T. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class-
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references -
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD, 1712, near Thirteenth st.-Nlce
furnished room for gentleman; bath; chean-
over store. fj*
JONES. S05— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
elngle rooms; bath and telephone.
LARKIX. 817H— Nicely furnished front room-
reasonable; gentlemen preferred. '
LARGE, desirable front room; easy walk to
Market and Kearny; private family. Box 206,
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, tl a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055. opp. Jones— Upstairs furnished
rooms; for transient; for travelers; baths.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; elngle rooms. »10 pp.
MASON. 107— Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
nlshed; also housekeeping rooms.
ailNXA, 6C7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. U per week; transient.
NET7 sunny qpper flat; 6 rooms. 407 Grove st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 317-Furnished sunny rooms; very
reasonable; with bath; private family.
OXFORD, 271 O-Farrell st.-Fut irtshed front
suite and emgle rooms. $3 week up; transient.
HAUSCH. 13A— 2 unfurnished rooms and hall
newly painted and papered; rent $5. '
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light-
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; roome, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
M; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor-
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st
near Market— Furnished or unfurnlthed.
EHOTWELL. 121. near Sixteenth-Furnished
front room. SZ 50 per month.
EPRDCE. 422—2 furnished rooms; sun all dar
in both rooms: desirable location; rent rea-
sonable to right party.
BTOCKTON. 832— Nice sunny clean suites and
elngle rms.: run, water; baths; phone; cheap.
TAYLOR. 106— Double and single beds. « SO
week; other rooms, 25c per night ,
TAYLOR. 238— House Just furnished new; choice
rooms from IS -up. , V*
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites -
elngle rooms; running water; transient
'TURK. 815— Nicely - furnished room; private
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 2 or S furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable: references given and re-
quired. Box 208. Call office.
A YOUNG woman would like two eunny unfur-
nlsntd rooms in Western Add. Box 154, Call.
' k r ANTED — 4 unfurnished rooms; north of Mar-
ket et. Box 197. Call office.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, under the auspices
of the Austrian Benevolent Society. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Ct^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
* (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krlecer Verein. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. P.
Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street. • .
TURETICH— In this city,. September 7, 1901,
George Yuretich, dearly beloved ; husband of
Mrs. Hannah Yuretich, father of, Peter Yu-
retich, and stepfather of George Melick, a
native of Austria, aged 65 years and 6
months.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SAND— In Lorin, Berkeley, September 7, 1901,
Thomas Joseph Milton Sand, eldest and be-
loved son of Thomas and May Sand (nee
Downey), and brother of Gerald Sand, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months
and 21 days.
EULLIVAN— In this' city, September 4, 1901,
John E., beloved son of Timothy and Rebec-
ca Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 1 month and 1 day.
WEISEL— In this city, September 4, 1901.
Philipp Weisel. beloved husband of the late
Katherine Weisel, and father of John,
Philipp, George and Karl Weisel, a native of
Oberhessen, Germany, Eged 54 years 6 months
and 18 days. A member of the German Krle-
ger Verein. veteran of the German army.
Verein Eintracht and Hessen Verein. (San
Jose papers please copy.)
E7 Notice of funeral . hereafter.
PIERCE— Interment of the remains of Mrs.
Maria Louisa Pierce will take place from the
receiving vault. Odd Fellows' Cemetery, to-
day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
REYNOLDS— In this city, September 5, 1901.
. Margaret S., dearly beloved wife of Horatio
J. Reynolds, a native of Mount Vernon, Rock
Castle County, Ky., aged 46 years 7 months
and 3 days.
E7"NotIce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
McGARY— In this city,' September 7, 1901, John
McGary, a native of California, axed 36
years.
MULDOON— In this city, September 7.* 1901,
John, beloved husband of Bridget A. Mul-
doon, and loving father of Mary Rose Mul-
doon, a native of Londonderry, Ireland, aged
51 years and 7 months. .
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city. September 7.
1901, John O'Callaghan, a native of Ireland,
azjed 35 years.
ORNSBY— In this city, September 7, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of C. T. Ornsby, and
dear mother -of May and Georgina Martin, a
native of England, aged 63 years and 9
months.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence. 3323 Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBS— In this city, September 7, 1901, Eph-
raim, beloved husband of Clara Jacobs, and
father of Zepbora Jacobs, a native of New
York, aged 52 years.
JOHNSON — In Napa, September 7, 1901.
George, beloved husband of Bridget Johnson
of Vallejo, a native of North Yaneth, Me.,
aged 70 years.'
(ETFrlends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1721 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HODNETT— In this city, September 5, 190L
Jeremiah W., dearly beloved husband of
Annie Hodnett, and father of William,
James, May, Kittle, Annie and Nellie Hod-
nett and Mrs. W. F. Pitts, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
(C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 417 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose other soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FOLEY— In this city, September 6, 1901, Stella,
beloved wife of Michael Foley, and daughter
of the late Susanna and William Crane, a
native of New Orleans, aged 27 years.
H. C. PUCKIIABER. Rec. Sec.
CHAUVEAUX— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, Septarr.ber 6, 1901, Louis Chauveaux, a
native of France, aged 66 years.
DRISCOLL— In Oakland. Seutember 7, iS5l.
Walter Driscoll, beloved son of Mary and
James J. Driscoll, and brother of William,
James, Edward and Reta Driscoll. a native
of Oakland, aged 8 years 1 month and 7
days. I
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite/1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1666 Fifth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FINNERAN— In this city, September 7, 1901,
Lawrence P., beloved husband of Kate Fin-
neran, and brother of Kate Flnneran. a na-
tive of New York, aced 45 years.
FLOOD— In this city, September 6, 1901, Rose
A., .beloved wife of Luke Flood, and mother
of Maggie A. Flood, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 47 years and 7 months.
ALEX SMITH. F. 8.
OFFICERS and members of 'Abraham Lincoln
Council No. 2, Jr..O. U. A. M.. are hereby
notified to be present at the funeral of our
late brother, L. H. Carrington, to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
Sarlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318
Cason street. By order of
E. W. RIVERS. Councilor.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral i to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, . from the mortuary
' chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Salem Cemetery, by carriage.
CARRINGTON— In this city, September 7,
1901, Luman H. Carrington, beloved husband
of Mary B. Carrington, loving father of
Blanche and Maude Carrington, beloved son
of Martha L. and the late Henry L. Car-
rington, and brother of Lyman L. Carring-
ton, a native of Ohio, aged 40 years 3 months
and 26 days.
E?" Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
OFFICERS and members of Court Twin Peaks
No. 7556, A. O. F.— You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother, L.
H. Carrinsrton, from the parlors of Charles
H. J. Truman "& Co., 318 Mason street, to-
morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock. By order
P. L. MOORE. C. R.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 280 Seventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BEENT-In MaryBVJlle, September " 6,_ 1901.'
Theodore Beeny, husband of Jennie Beeny,
and son of Mrs. Mary and the ' late George
W. Beeny. ¦ • / ¦f
BROWN— In this city, September 5, 1901. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Charles Brown, and
mother of Fannie Hinman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years 11 months and 12 days.
BARRETT-In this city, September 6, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Alfred
Barrett, and mother of Alfred, James.
George, Harry and William Barrett, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 68
years 6 months and IS days. (Jersey City,
N. J., papers please copy.)
Flnneran, Lawrence Reynolds, Margaret
Flood, , Rose A. Sand, Thomas J. M.
Foley. Btella Sullivan. John E.
Hodnett. Jeremlalx Weisel. Philipp
Jacobs, Ephraim Yuretloh. GeorgeA great falling off Is noted In the British
tin-plate trade. At the end 'of March 293
mills were running, "as against 413 mills a
year "apro, and the number of .workmen
•was 14,600, instead of 21,000 in March; 1300.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per ' lb for fancy
and 23@24c for seconds; dairy, 18@23c: store
Butter. 15Sl"%c per lb; Creamery Tub, : . IS® 21c •
Receipts , were 19,800 pounds of • Butter. V 536
cases of Eggs, 440 cases of Eastern Eggs,' 3000
pounds ¦ of California . Cheese and ¦¦ pounds
• Of Eastern .Cheese..-.-,- . ¦ ; . . ... • , ,, . ; :; ;
.The weakness in Butter continues. Receipts
and stocks are .both liberal - and the tendency
ts to sell, even at concessions. • ' *
Cheese rulesfflrm, as will be'seen by the
quotations. . ¦ > ' v '¦ • > ¦
' The slow advance In Eggs contlmjes, " all
grades participating. Stocks of fresh goods' are
moderate, and a steady demand keeps the mar
ket well 'Cleaned up of any surplus. .
Butter, Cheese a?tdEggs.
S. M. T. Moon's Phases.
~T"-S4 5 6 7 (J September Z. j
'- *&• Last Quarter.
_i _L H. il — — 2L A' Septemb"e71=7
15 16 17 18 13 20 21* New Moon.
• -jfc . September 20,
JL JL ii — — — JL -g FTst Quarter.
19 30 ' . . ; . . fSZ. September 27.
¦ 1 W- . Full Moon.
Old "."Wine's Become Starved
September. 1901
CALL CALENDAR.
ST. JOSEPH, Sept. 7,-CATTLE-Receipts
SCO. Natives. $2 75ig*: cows and heifers $l<?8
4 83: bulls and stag^t S2<53; stockers and feed
ers. $2®3 75; veals. $2 25@5 25. •
HOGS— Receipts, 4000. Market steady.' : Light
and. light mixed, $6 25@6 45; medium and heavy
$6 25<g6 35; pigs. $3 50^6; bulk- of sales, $6 35@
6 60. ¦ : - . . . ~ . -
SHEEP— Receipts, 87a Market steady to
strong.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5 60®
6 45; poor to medium. $405 50;- stockera and
feeders." $2 2504 25; cows ajid heifers, $2 SOffiS
canners. $1 50S2 25; bulls, $2 75@4 65; calves'
$3ip6 35; Texaa steers, $3 30@5 25; Western
steers, $4 10&5 25." . • ¦ • • . . ¦
-HOGS— Receipts to-day, 13,000; Monday 29-
C00;. estimated left over. 3000. Market 5@i6c
lower. Mixed and butchers, $6(5 G 85; good to
choice heavy, $6 35®<6 85; rough heavy, $6ff?6 30
light, $5 65(56 55; bulk of sales, $6 25(36 70. •
SHEEP-Recelpts, 1500. Steady. Good to
choice wethers. $3 75*94 25; fair to choice mixed
$3 40^3 70; Western sheep, $3 30@4; native
lambs, $3®4 85; Western lambs, $4@4 75.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Receipts of Poultry were Insignificant, as
usual on Saturday, and quotations were nomi
nal. Good Game was steadier. . ;
A car of Eastern Is expected Monday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9<ffl0c for Gobblers
and ll®12c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 20c ;•
Geese,- per pair, $1 50@l 75: Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks. $3@3 50 for old and $3 5003 for young •
Hens.- $3@4 for common and - $4 50@5 50 for
choice; young Roosters, $5ffl5 50; old • Roosters '
84ffl4 50; Fryers. $4(34 50; Broilers. »3@3 50 for
large and $2 25@2 75 for small; Pigeons, >|l 25®
1 50 per dozen for. ¦ old and .$1 25@1 50 for
("aME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; ' Hare, 75c
©$1: Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and Jl
for Brush. - ¦ . ¦ . '¦- ,
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 6Vi 5 7%
Closing ; 5 6%. 6 7T4
PARIS.
Wheat— . Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening ; 21 65 23 00
Closing ... /sfr j... 21 55 23 00
Flour— ff
Opening '....27 60 29 00
Closing 27 65 29 05
Alpha.... - 03 Justice 02 05
Alta - 03 05 Kentuck — C3
Andes ..: C2 ,' 03 Lady Wash 01 --
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 26 27
Best & Belcher 23 25 Occidental 01 C2
Bullion... 01 03 Ophlr W 91
Caledonia :...*.: 17 1R Overman 05 06
Challenge Con.. 17 20 Pctosi „ 00 07
Chollar :... 04 C5 Savage 05 C6
Confidence 63 " 70 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 So Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 27 28
Con New York. — deliver Hill 33 34
Crown Point... 04 C6.St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con 14 —Standard —3 25
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry. 09 10 Union Con 10 11
Hale & Nor 17 19 Utah 05 C6
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
SATURDAY. . Sept. 7-12 m.
Bir.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
700 Best & Belcher '24! 500 Mexican 23
400 Chollar P5|11C0 Ophir 80
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l 80il3*V) Ophir S3
13C0 Con Cal & Va..l S5J 5(10. Overman ....... W
GCO Con Cal.& Va..l 90 SCO Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Gould & Curry. C8| 2uO Sierra Nevada. ?¦>
20O Gould & Curry. 07J 200 Silver Hill 33
100 Mexican 22| 500 Union Con...... 10
100 Mexican Zi\ SCO Union Con 11
200 Mexican -3>
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlni: Session.
200 Best & Belcher 22( 100 Mexican 24
100 Challenge Con.. 17 500 Mexican 23
400 Con Cal & Va..l S3 100 Ophir SO
50 Confidence 66 SCO Sierra Nevada. 24
TOO Crown Point... 04 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Gould & Curry, 07 300 Silver Hill...... 30
100 Gould & Curry. C6 100 Union Con 10
200 Hale & Nor ISi 100 Yellow Jacket.. 14
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. lM<!i2 l ic; String
Beans. lffi;3Hc; Llmas. 2%!ft3&c; Cabbage, 6fxTi6ic
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@35p; from
\lameda. 355f-65c: Dried Peppers. lOiij^'-ic;
Green Okra, 40@65c per box; Carrots. 25<f?S5c prr
sack; Cucumbers, Bay. 25@35c; Pickles. itf^lVie
per lb for small and }i@lc for large; Garlic, 2®
3c: Green Peppers. 25©3."c per box for Chile and
20@40c for Bell: Egg Plant. 25©40c per box;
Green Corn.- 35@75c per sack; Alameda, 73c(ir$l
per crate; Berkeley, 50@65c; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 25@35c; .new Marrowfat Squash,
$20 - per ton. . ' , . .
POTATOES— ?1@1 20 In sacks and $1 ?5@1 65
in boxes for Burbanks. «i \-,@i 25 for Garnet
Chiles and 51 10<ffl 25 for Early Rose; Saiinns
Burbanks. $1 40{?l C5; Sweets. 60(g75c for Rivers
and 75c@$l for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, $1 10#l 30 ¦ per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 50@75c per ctl. ' ,
There was no further change worthy of note
In Potatoes. The feeling was weak. Although
the edge is taken off from the keen shipping
demand which has prevailed for a month bacK
dealers still report the usual 1 shipping ordeis
for this time of the year, hence the market
is by no means dull. Receipts continua liberal
though they have been falling off for several
days. ¦ ¦ •
Onions rule steady, as the Australian demand
consumes) much of the arrivals. .
There is nothing new in Vegetables, the mar
ket being well supplied with all descriptions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables:
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs J F Farraher. Cal
T L Miller, Belvedere
T T Williams. S Rafael
R E Crawford & w,
Texas
H Jacobs. Cincinnati
J T Archibald; N Y
T E Walsh & w. L A
H C Brown. Los Ang I
M Kovalevsky, Paris
G C Lacy & w. NY
C F Schwarzenborg,
Vienna
J M Leszynskl. N Y
F G Phelps. N T
H J Simmons, Aris
W L Vail, Los Ang
W L Cahn, N* Y
M Sprague. Stanford !
R G Theis. Stanford 1
S R Bennett. Stanford !
T W Bennett. Stanford
C M Hunter. Sta Cntz]
C F Kohl. San Mateo ¦
D S rt-senbaum Sc w, .
Stockton
Mrs D F McGraw ft §,
Stanford
G W Cromwell, Manila
W E Whittler. Stanfd
W Lehman. N T
Mrs E M Knight. N T
Mrs A S Knight. N Y
Miss Knight. N Y
P M Davii. Stanford
J S SchaeTer, Stanford
A T Comstock, N Y
M G Dodge & w.Stanfd
G H Curry, Benlcia
Mrs Massengrale. Ga
Mrs St John Moore. Ga
W L Boyce, Ga
Mrs Dumass, >« Y
Miss Dumass, N- Y
M P Snyder & w. L A
P L McDermott. N T
B W Lee, Los Ang
E O Cox, Sydney
A B Maclay, NY
J J Fox. >T Y
G W Kusted. N T
J J Taylor & w, Tex
GRAND HOTEL
J W Edwards, Rdlnds
M Blrbsc'-J, Redlands
T J James, Berkeley
H O Hollenbeck. Cal
J H Aram. Bldr Creek
T Maddock. Bldr Creek j
A F Johnstsn. Stocktn
G W Barr>-. Chicago
L J Losran, Boston
J T Klng&w. Portland!
J B Doueherty, Cal
G H Stewart, Los Angj
A B Dewey. Los Ang •
Mrs G D Marvin, Cal
C C Busby. Redding
W Vcn Cleft, New Yk
E B iJurns, Oregon
N A Goodwin, Cal
Mrs Tlbbltts. Ptaluma
C A Campbell. Rd Biff
J Weil. Sander
T W Edson & w, Cal
Lillian Nelson, Sacto
Mrs N Perrin. Crockett
Mrs E Freund. Crocktt
E E Titus. Cincinnati
Mrs H H Hewlett. Cal
Miss Read, Stockton .
Miss Fcrtnan. Stockton
E Riemenschnelder,
Milwaukee
H B Tubbs. Milwaukee
J E Janssen, Eureka.
Miss Harding, Minn
G H Anderson, 3 Josa
A H Prcctor, N Y
Jno Man. - Washington
P H Mullen&w. Cal
Wro Kocd. Sacramento
Dr A L Tibbstts. Cal
J J Lonccan, Lcs A
Mrs K M Duncan. Cal
Mary L Poajre. Berkly
Dr Rccher&w, Totnles
P M Narboe, Hanford
A L Harris, Sta Rosa
W D Burnslde & w.
Cripple Creek. Colo
E II Day. Minneapolis
S A Johnson. Topeka
W- Young, Stanford
R D Moore, Ney Jer3y
Jos Goldman. Merced
L S Obsar. St Louis
J Canaghlan. Colusa
B L Beardslee. Stkton
E A Smith Jr. Stnford
Roy W Scott, Philadsl
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
"To-day's . first hand stock consists of 9729
bags Costa Rica, 844 Nicaragua. 10,587 Salva
dor, 60,544 Guatemala, 1033 Mexican and 15.15
bags of other'klnds; In all 74,272 .bags, ,as
against 27,840 bags same time last year."
. We quote market quiet and about ste'ady, as
follows:- ¦ ,. ¦ ¦ • " ¦'¦¦¦ ' .' - " -. '¦
. Costa' Rica— 13@13%c for strictly - prime • to
fancy washed: 10%@HHc for prime washed: S%
@10o for I good ' washed ; . a*4@lH4c for •; good to
prime I washed -: peaberry ; S%,rg9\ic - for fair ¦ to
prime peaberry; 8H@10c for good to prime; 7@
8c for fair; 5%@6»,4c for common to ordinary., •
Sal vador— H® 12V4c for " strictly ; prime washed ;
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass. 7%®
7%c; local make,'%c less than Calcuttas: Wool
Bags, 33<?£35c: Fleece Twine, 7',4@Sc: Fruit
Baps. £%(?6V4c for cotton and 7®7M:C for jute."
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. J3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $5 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end. {9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15, per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
RICE— China, No. 2. $4 10; No 1. $4 70@4 90:
extra, $5 lfiifTS 50: Japanese, $4 7u@5 SO: Louisi
ana, $4 00®>6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS— California Castnr Oil, in cases. No.
1, 70c; pure, $122; Linseed Oil, in barrel",
boiled, £6c: raw. 54c; cases, 5c more: Lucol.
f.Oc fcr boiled and 4Sc for raw In barrels; Lard
OH oxti-a winter strained, barrels, SOc: cases.
83c' China Nut, 55«?72c per gallon: pure Xeats
foot Oil. barrels. 67V4c; cases. 72!4c: Sperm,
purs, fine; -Whale Oil. natural white, 40@4Jc
per gallon:- Fish Oil. In barrels. 37 ',4c; .cases,
4"i£c
COAL OIL— Watrr White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19c: Astral, 19c; Star,
18c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 21c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove sasollne. In bulk;- 15c: in cases.
21c; Benzine, in bulk. ]4c; in cases, 20c; SG-de-
Bree Oasoline. in bulk. 20c: in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels. • •
SUGAR— The Western Supar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:. ¦
Cubes, Crushed and . Fine Crushed. B.20c:
Powdered S.OoC; Candy Granulated, 5.05c; Dry
Granulated,. 4.95c; Confectioners' A, 4.9.ic; Fruit
Granulated. 4.95c; Beet Granulated, 4.85c; Mag
nolia A. 4.53c; Extra C. 4.45c: Golden C, 4.35c:
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels, 20c more: boxes,
50o more: 50-lh bags,' 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75' barrels or its equivalent. • Dom
inos. half-barrels. 5. 45c; boxes'. G.70c per lb.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at
231,725 bags, against 15S.373 during"-- tho same
time last year. The sales from first hands
were 153,439 bags, against 129.S93. The stock in
first hands September 1 was 72.103 bags, against
2S.S97. The world's visible supply August 1
was 7,534. 7S9 bags, against 5,817,859 bags August
1. 1900. The -circular says: . .
"Our last circular was dated August 7,- since
•which date a fairly active business has been
done.- more', particularly in low grado coffees.
Medium grades • have not commanded attention
at present prices. '.; Recent advices from Ham
burg dated ¦-, August , 2S . show an Improvement
there equal to per pound on mild coffees
due, it is said, to local conditions there and the
prospective diminution of. supplies 'from' Vena
zuela • and Colombia, - but ¦ dealers j here seem
content to * await f ujrther developments while
stocks in first hands remain so abundant. The
New. York market closes steady at %c .decline
during the past month' In the face of unusually
heavy . receipts at the ports . of Brazil. ¦ • . ¦
General Merchandise.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 50@3 60; straights,
$3(53 40; clears. J2 S0ST3 20: spring specials, $4 10
@4 20; patents. 53 40ft 3 70; straights, $2 8O@3 20;
No. 3 eprlng wheat. 67%(g69c; No. 2 red, 69 3 /4
(g'O^c; No. 2 corn. 55%c; No. 2 yellow, 56@
»6Hc; No. 2 oats, 34®34%c; No. 2 white, 36Va
@37C; No. 3 white. 36@37c; No. 2 rye. 55c; fair
to choice malting barley, 5&£>,~>8c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 39; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 40V4; prime tim
othy seed, $5 40; mess pork, per barrel, $14 65
@'14 70; lard, per 1C0 pounds, $9 30@3 35; short
ribs sides (loose). $S 45@8 60; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7>ri@7V4c; short clear sides
(boxed). $9 05@9 15; whisky, basis of high wines,
U 30; clover, contract 'grade, ?8 50.
Articles— . . itecelpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 10,600
Wheat, bushels 284, COO 162,000
Corn, bushels 351,000 405,000
Oats, bushels 253,000 59,000
Rye, bushels 8,000
Barley, bushels 143,000' 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market. was steady; creams, ll@19%c; dairies
13@17c. Cheese, steady, 9%<510%c. Eggs, steady:
fresh. 14%@15c.
Large White Beans sold lower again. Other
Beans stood about the same. No 'particular
activity Is expected until buyers take hold of
the new crop.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90^3: Small White. $4 90<ft
5; Large White, $3 15??3 30: Pink. $2 35@2 45;
Red. $2 75®3: Blackeye, f3 1503 35; Llmas, $6 40
©6 50; Red Kidney. $4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; 1 Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, J2 25(J?2 50: Canary, 3\i
@3%c for Eastern;. Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
@2%e: Hemp, 3%c perjb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles." « 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Mornlns Session.
Board— ' . .
1C0A Lion .., 09
o Hanford 118 00
20n Junction 27
100 Peerless 5 12%
SCO Sterling 137%
MINING STOCKS.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnc Session.
Heard—
250 Bay City !. 40
1G0 Home -3 75
100 Junction - 2*
SCO Lien 09
1 Lion ,. .;.... , 10.
S2C0 Petroleum Center 02
1000 Reed Crude .'.. 35
10 San Joaquln Oil & Dev -. 8 37%
so Sovereign 27
100 Sterling 133
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PORK— Live -Hobs, !00 lbs and und»r, 6%(?
dV<<", ever 200 lbs, 6c: feeders, — ; sows, 20 per
cent ofT; boars. E0 per cent off and stags 10
per cent oft* from the above quotations: dresseU
Hogs, 7V4@^c. . ........
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dcalprn
ere as follows:
1JEEF— 6fi6%c for Steers and B@5%c per II
for cows. . . ..'....
VEAL— Larsre. 7@8c; srrmll, 8@9c per lb.-
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6£6%c per
pound. '
I.AMB— 7<?73c per lb. x
All descriptions continue In sufficient supply
at unchanged prices.
San Francisco Meat Market
NEW TORK. Sept. 7.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shews:
Loans, ?SS:>,145,800; decreased, $10,040,800.
Deposits. $947.6S2.1C0; decreased, J2O.429.MX).
Circulation. $30,66$, 400; increased. $571,000.
I^egal tenders. $73,031,000; decreased, $3,145,001
Specie, $170,175,500: decreased, J6.656.300.
Total reserve, ?213,S3S,W0; decreased, JlO.llL
500. '
• Reserve required, £236,923,025; decreased, $5,
107.450. l
Surplns. $«,915,S75; decreased, $5,004,050.
The Financier says: Such a bank statement
as jthls, it is almost needless to say, may be
expected to have a marked Influence upon the
market for . money In the current . week, and
this. too. despite the preparations by the Clcar
lng-house committee for fjn.ellora.Ung the force
Associated Banks' Statement.
V S ref 2s reg 107^ Hocking- Val 4%s..lO6
Do coup 107V, L * N Unl 4s 107»;
Do 3s re? 10s% Mex Cent 4s SS
Do 3s coup 10S% Do 1st Inc 32
Do new 4s reg. .137 Minn & St L 4s. ..103
Do new 4s coup. .137 M K & T 4s 98'
Do old 4s reK 112 Do 2d3 83%
Do old 4s coup.. .113 N Y Cent lsts 105?»
Do 5s Te?\ lOrV* Do gen 3Hs ....lODVs
Do 5s coup 107»i N J Cent gen 53.130
Atchison gen 4s 103^4 Nor- Pac 4s ,. 104%
Do adjt 4s 96*4 Do Ss '. 71%
Balto & Ohio 4s... 103 N r &W con 4s 102%
Do 3%s 95 Reading Gen 4s.... 95^
Do con 4s lOJi.i SLftIM con 5s.ll6
Canada So 2ds....lO7 IS L & S F 4s 95
Central of Ga 5s..l05%iSt L. S W lsts 96%
Do 1st Inc 82 Do 2ds 75
C & O 4%s ...... ..103% S A & A P 4s.... 88
C & A 3%s ...."... 84% So Pac 4s 91^
C B & Q new 4s... 93 So Ry 5s 115%
C M & St P gen 4s.H0 Tex & Pac lsts.. ..119
C & N con 7s 136% T St L & W 4s... 84
C R I & P 4s 1G«% Union Pac 4s 105%
CCCiSLg 4s.lO3 Do conv 4s 103%
Chicago Term 4s.. 95 Wabash lfts 119
Colo & So 4s SS Wabash 2ds 110
D & R Q 4s ..]02<i Do deb B Cl
Erie prior lien 4s. 98ii West Shore 4s 113%
Erie Gen 4s....... 88% \V & L E 4s 91%
FIW&DC lsts. .103 Wis Cent 4s 88
BOSTON STOCKS AND. BONDS.
Montr- ¦ - West End 95
Call loans ., 4 Westlnghouse El... 73
Time loans 4%@5 Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
A T & S F 72% N E Oas&Coke 5s. 55
A T & S F pfd.... M% Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. .128% Adventure 27%
Am Telephone, 160 Bingham Mln Co.. 40
Boston & Albany.256 Amal£ Copper 112%
Boston Elevated.. .168 Atlantic 34
Boston & Maine... 190 Calumet & Hecla.730
Dominion Coal 40 Centennial 25%
Dom Co?.! pfd 114 Franklin 18%
U S Steel 41^ Humboldt 25
U S Steel pfd 91U Csreola 108
Fltchburir pfd 144 Parrot 50
General Electric... 252 3uincy 175 .
Mexican Central 23% Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Old Colony 208 Tamarack 342
Old Dominion 30% Utah Minine 26
Union Pacific 94% Winona 3V4
Unlcn Land 3 (Wolverines 65
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...» 20 Little'Chlef ........ 12
Alice 40 Ontario 9 75
Breece 1 40 Ophlr 70
Prunswlck Con — 08;Phoenlx 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 €0, Savage 01
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 75 Email Hopts 30
Iron Silver CVStandard 3 25
I,ead ville Con 06 1
NEW TORK BONDS
Clilc Ind & Louis 2.SO0 ?.« 2% 3«'i
Chic lr.4 & Louis pttl... SCO 71 71 71
Chic & East Illinois 500 125 125 121
Ch'.c & Or«it West 7.OC0 23U 22 22',J
Chic & Oreat W A pf«l ¥4>S
Chic & Great TV 3 r>rd .... ' 47%
Chic & Northwestern... STO 334 s i J52 1S1
Chic Rock Is k Pac 4.200 141 138 138%
Chic Term & Tran3 l.OfiO 20% M 20
Chic 'firm & Trans pfd. 1.200 33 2314 38*4
C C C & Pt Louis 400 S8«i £<J\j «»»;
Colo Southern 4,208 14 13'£ 13 1 *
Etock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 43.100 7«% 72* 72%
Atchison pM 16.290 66% H4 S<iji
Baltimore * Ohio 17.0C0 1H2 37 S7%
Baltimore & OhSo pfd... 300 92U 92 32
Canadian Pacific 6.700 J10% I09',4 1O9',4
Canada Southern 200 CS C7 C6
Chesapeake & Ohio 6.200 43% 42% 43Vi
Chic & Alton 4.200 2S 36% S7
Chic A: Alton pf'I.. 200 77 76% 76%
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
mitigating; circumstances in the eltuation. The
fn»T<ttii;m period allowed for preparation by
the occurrence of the traeiedy only shortly after
the close of yesterday's market and the added
Interval du© to the closing of the London Stock
Exchange to-day were hailed with eome de
gree of relief by the financial world. The great
powers in the financial world itot to work
ebortly after U»e news wae received yesterday
and have been in consultation and active ses
eion at intervals ever since. Assurances were
given, that the tanks were as one in their
re&dlness to meet the situation and protect
ttch other. It wu predicted that no solvent
or responsible borrower should lack credit to
meet his needs. This attitude and the fact
that the committee almost Immediately ad
journed had a marked effect In creating con
fidence. The first heavy selling of stocks was
therefore absorbed an<i the severe opening de
clines running from 3 to over 6 points were
quickly diminished. There Beemed to be a
feeling that it vu safe to withdraw eome sup
port from the market and not to attemot to
combat a moderate downward tendency, which
•was fully warranted by the actual situation.
The withdrawal of the support found the mar
ket vulnerable again, when the severe Inroads
upon th« eurplus reserves disclosed by the bank
statement caused a renewal of acute uneasiness
over tbe money situation. It was felt to be
beyond question that the banks were encroach
ing upon their legal re*erve, the reserve being
designed in fact to meet Just such a crisis.
But futur« curtailment of credits in recupera
tion of the reserve Is thereby made necessary.
As a measure of the sentiment caused by the
attempted assassination of the President the
cay 'e movement of prices was to 6ome extent
modified also by the news of the encouraging
condition of the distinguished sufferer this
morning. With the crisis. of tbe secondary ef
fects of his injury Etill to be faced the dis
position to anticipate further declines In prices
Rrew toward tbe close of the market. To-day's
losses were too cerseral to need specification,
but the grangers. Pacifies, Southwestern^, coal
ers. Amalgamated Copper and the like stocks
¦which have been the subject of recent specula
tion were naturally the severest sufferers. St.
Paul leading the active list with an extreme
decline of *!4 and a net loss of 8V4 points. .
Kallroad bonrfs have be*-n dull in sympathy
with stocks, but prices fluctuate more nar
rowly.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
Quotations.
to two hours of tradinic as a consequence of
tha Saturday's half -holiday wag one of the
JfEW TORK, Bept» 7.— The «hootin»r of
th« President at* Buffalo upset the etock
market completely to-day. Had It not been
for several mitigating circums.tancei It was
easy to ea.y that there might have resulted
a disaster to value of securities. As It was
severe loeses were Inflicted by the decline in
prices and the feverish and fitful closing of
the two hour*' market left opinion unsettled
and anxious for the future. This limitation
Nr<v York Stock Market,
Temperature at 7 a. m.. £2 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon; elsewhere on the
Pacific slope fair weather prevails. Light show
ers have oecuned in Washington and Oregon.
The pressure has rleen rapidly over the coun
try between the fclerra and Rocky Mountains
nnd fallen in the Missouri Valley.
The temperature has fallen over Western
Washington and risen over the Rocky Mountain
region ; In other district! the changes have
been eligtit.
Forecast m&d* at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September t:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
Southern Callfornia^Fair Eunday; llfht west
F».lr Sunday: light west wind.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
fresh we«t wind.
• C H. W1LLS0N. Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily In Charge.
Colo Southern 1st pfd... SCO 54 53% 63
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 2,100 24% 23% 23V4
Del & Hudson 1.600 164 161 162%
Del Lack & West 400 221 217 217
Denver & Rio Grande... 1.500 45% 44Vi 45
Denver & R Grande pfd 1.000 93 91 -»2
Erie 61.900 42 39% 40>4
Erie 1st pfd 16.600 71% 61% 68
Erie 2d pfd 4.600 57% 64 54
Great Northern pfd 1.500 184 180 ISO
Hocking Valley 300 51% 60 62
Hocking Valley pfd 100 75% 75% 74%
Illinois Central 1,600 144% 143 143%
Iowa Central *X) 36 85 34
Iowa Central pfd 100 70 70 65
Lake Erie & West 3C0 62% 62 61
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 400 123 123 123
Louisville & Nashville.. 13.SC0 lC3»i 100 1CO%'
Manhattan L 17,400 117 114% 114%
Metropolitan St Ry 3.300 165 . 162^ 163
Mexican Central 1.0C0 24 23 23
Mexican National r 8,600 12% 12>i 12%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 100 104% 1C4V3 104%
Missouri Pacific 13,700 104 100 100»*
Mo Kan & Tex 1.2C0 2S% 26% 26%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,003 55% E2% bt%
New Jersey Central 100 162 162 160
New York. Central 4,300 152 150 150%
Norfolk & Western 19,700 54 51 6U4
Norfolk & Western pfd 89%
Northern Pacific pfd 400 95% 95 94
Ontario & Western 16.200 35 32*4 32%
P C C & St Louis 70
Pennsylvania 37,700 144 141 141Vi
Reading 18,200 i\% 39% 4(Hi
Reading 1st pfd..: 7.1C0 75% 73% 74
Reading 2d pfd 3,900. '53 49% 50%
St L & San Fran ICO 42 42 42%
St L & San Fran 1st pfd '... 81 ¦
St L & San Fran 2d pfd. 200 67 66 66
St L Southwestern 500 31 ' 29 29
St L Southwestern pfd 59%
St Paul 40.3C0 161% 156 150%
St Paul pfd 2,000 185% 185 183%
Southern Pacific 79.100 56VA 63% 53T4
Southern Railway 37,900 31% 30% 30%
Southern Railway pfd.,. 3.200 87 85 S5>4
Texas & Pacific 7.6C0 43 40% 40%
Toledo S-t L & West 20~
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 33 33 32%
Union Pacific S3.8OO 97% 94% 95%
Union Pacific pfd 1,200 8SU ?7 86%
Wabash 2.900 21% -20% 20V4
Wabash pfd 7,800 39 37% 37
Wheeling & Lake Erie IS
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 28
Wisconsin Central 2,200 21% 20 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd. 200 43% 43 41
Express Companies—
Adams „" 150
American 190
United States 95
Wells-Fnrgo 160
Miscellaneous — •
Amalgamated Copper... 36.2C0 114 110% 111
A mer Car & Foundry.. 3,400 2$% 23 Zi
Amer Car & Fndry prd.. 400 85% .84. -*3%
Amerlcpn Linseed Oil 23
Amer Linseed Oil pfd • .... 67
Amer Smelting: & Refngr l«,500 46«4 . 44 44%
Am Smeltg & Ref g pfd 6C0 97 99 96%
American Tobacco 100 132 132 131
Anaconda Mining Co.... 3.200 45 43% 44
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 17.600 7» ' 65% 65%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 4.000 35 93 94%
Consolidated Gas 7,400 221 216% 217%
Continental Tobacco ; 65V4
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 111 116 115
General El»etric ., 200 254 253 253%
Oluro»e Pusar 1,200 £6% 65 to%
Hocking Coal ' .... 17
International Paper .... 1,200 23% 22% 22%
International Paper pfd COO 7»H 78 78
International Power .... 300 S7',i 96 95%
Larl*o> Gas S5
National Dlecult 400 43% 43 42V 4
National Lead 100 20 20 19%
National Salt 200 40% 40% 40
National Bait pfd 100 76% 7C% 76
North American 500 95 90 93
Pacific Coast - C3
Pacific Mall 1,100 40% 28% Z%%
People's Gas 8,100 110% 107% 107%
Pressed Steel Car 600 40 39 40
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 600 82 73 80%
Pullman Palace Car 700 205 205 205
Republic BteM 4,200 18% 17% 17
Republic Steel pfd 1.900 72 70 7UJ
Sugar 10.700 131% 128 12S%
Tenne«cee Coal & Iron. 8.100 62% 60% 60%
United States Leather.. 7.800 13 12 12%
U S Leather pfd 8.900 81% 79% 79%
United States Rubber... 600 19% 18% 18
U B Rubber pfd 100 65 85 65
United States Steel 70.300 43 41 41%
United States Steel pfd. 33,600 92% 91% 91V,
Western Union 8.200 92 90% 91<i
Shares iold .911,200
Local (Healers quoted a firmer market for the
choicer grades of Hay. owing to light receipts.
This condition is only temporary, however, and
In due .to. the scarcity of cam and the strike.
When these two drawbacks are removrd it Is
expected that receipts will largely Increase
and that a lower .market will . result.
There is nothing new in Feedstuffo.
BRAN— J20 Mign CO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$22(923 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $J«®17 60 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25<£?2A: Jobbing.
tiftbO; Coconnut Cake. *17«718; Corn Meal, *» 30
CT34; Cracked Corn, $34334 50; Mixed Feed, JIS 50
&19 SO.
HAY-"Wheat.|*@9B0; choice, |10®10 60; Wheat
and Oat. }6 50&9; Oat. $608 50; Darley and Oat.
(608: Alfalfa. tH KfaflO 50; Clover, $o 50&7; Vol
unteer, $4 Cf.igTi 50.
STRAW-25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S3 25#
3 E0 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, 12 M@2 75 per barrel for family and
V. "6«J* for bakers' ; .Washington bakers'.. |C 73
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, V, Corn Meal. $3 20;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
dH 25; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked
Whent, *3 50; Farina. $4 U>: Whole Wheat Floijr.
r. 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $G Sod* 35; in
racks, t$aO&8. Pearl Barley, $3; Split Peas, |5;
Green Peas, |6 £0 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Conditions remain unchanged. Hides are
steady, and some descriptions are firm. Wool
buyers are waiting for a fuller movement o£
the new fall clip. Into this market before taking
hold. The same may bo said o£ Hops, . . •
HIDES'ANl) SKINS— Cul)« and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy saltel
Kteers. 1014c: medium. 9%c; llcht, 3c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
eVic: Faiterl Kip, 8%c; Baited' Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, lBSlS^c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, lt>c: Dry Calf, 18c: CulM and Brandx, V,c:
Sheet '»klnn. shearllns*. l"i0>3Oc mcli; short
Wool. SiVfi .:oc each, medium, .'.¦K'lTac; Ions
Wool. fjcitU each; Home Hides, Fait, 12 Viitu
2 73 fcr'taree nnd tiff2ii for medium, Jl Mi?
1 75 for small and 50c (or Colts; Homo Hlrtex,
dry, $1 75 for lars*, ?1 25W1 50 for medium. $1 25
for umall and 50c for ColtM. Deereklns — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins,
20c: winter or thin skins, 20c. OoatHklns—
Prime Ancoras, 7»c; larce and smooth, COc;
medium. 3'c
TALLOW-So. 1 renderM. VA<3*K'c per lb;
No. 2. 3%<ff»c: urcate, 2%«?3e.
WOOL— Spring. lJofl or 1901-Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7ff8e; Oregon Valley fin?,
HiSj/lJc; do, medium and coarse, U©13o; Ore
gon. Fnntern. choice.' UfMSc: do, fair to good.
f«f/>llc: N«va'la. lOtfrlJc. Fall— San Jnaquln, CVi
jjs%c: Snn Joaauln Lambs', 7%^9c. .-**.
HOPS-New, 123Uc per lb.
'Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat No. 2—
September 6S',4 68% 69 65
December 70H 71 70% 7OV4
May WA 74* 73%, 73'/i
Corn No. 2—
September 6SH r.r.'.i 54% £5
December 67% 67% 6«H 67*4
May Vj\'h 59% • 68% 69
Oats No. '2— <• .
September 83% 83% 33U 23$i
December 35<i 36V* 84% S4T a
May 37'/4 37% 37'.i 37%
• Mess pork, per barrel —
September 14 47^4 14 £2^ 14 47>i 14 50
October '. 14 60 1167% 14 60 14 65
January 15 60 13 80 15 60 15 6"'/2
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 9 35 9 37% 9 30 9 30
October .....9 30 9 40 9 25 9 30.
January 0 05 9 17& 9 05 9 15
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 8 52% 8 57% 8 52% 8 57%
October 8 55 8 62V4 8 55 8 60
January 8 C2% 8 12% 8 02% 8 07%
CHICAGO. Sept. 7.>-The leading speculative
markets ruled quiet and slightly lower to-day.
No material depression of prices due to the
President's condition was noticeable, the lower
price level balng due to causes chiefly local.
The usual disposition to do as little trading
as possible pending the Sunday holiday was
noticeable in the wheat pit. The opening was
easy. December opened Vic lower at 70V4O
70%c under the Influence of liberal Northwest
receipts and lower cables. Covering- by shorts
sent the price to 71c early, but -feeling was
beariph and telling for the Northwest account
Influenced liquidation fur the local account.
December declined to 70Vi@7UHo und closed
weak %c lower at "OVfcc.
Favorable weather conditions induced selling
of corn throughout the curtailed Saturday sen
6lon. Private crop reports were bullish, but
the liquidation was too forcerul to allow more
than a temporary show of firmness. Decem
ber closed V4c lower at S7Uc.
Oats were quiet, .prices declining with corn.
December closed %c down at 34Tfcc
There was a fair demand for provisions, led
by packers. The nelllng preKEure was- quite
heavy at one time In sympathy with hogs, but
the tide was HtemmctJ by local suptwrt and the
clote was fairly steady. Pork cloR»d 2'.ic lower,
lard 2V4c hlchrr and ribs 5c down. , • •
The lcadtns futures ranged as follows:
COTTOLENE-One. half-barrel, 3Hc; thre*
half-barrels, 9\ic; one tierce, 9ftc; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure
llVJc. 10-lb tins, ll%c: 5-lb tins, ll%c.
CURKD MEATS- Baccn. 12c per lb for heavy.
12Vic for light medium. 13&C for light. 14V*c
for extra light and 16c for sugar cured; East
ern susar-cured i Hims, 14!ffl414c; California
Hams, 131,4c: Me?s Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess. M2; Family, &12 50; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mecs, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per round.
Previous conditions prevail. Most dealers
quote a very good demand for Hams and Ba
con, and a very strong market for Lard.
Provisions.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market was very dull 'yesterday
at unchanged quotations. Grays. $1 15@1 22 1 / 3 - ,
whites.- $1 15<gl 20; black. 97140®$! 05, and red,
$1 05©l iIVS Per ctl.
CORN— The Chicago market was lower, and
the only news from there was that Argentine
shipments to England had begun to fall otf
as anticipated, which means an Increased de
mand for the American product from now on.
Small round Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65: White. $1 75(51 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65.
RYE— Quoted at 75@80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal; none in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALE&
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls. *1;. 10.000, $1 00»i..
Second Session— December— 2000 etls, $1 OOJi-
Repular Morning Session— No sales.'
BARLEY— Stagnation still prevails In the
local market, whatever may be doing In the
country, and' prices are unchanged.
Feed 73vi@75c for choice bright. 72V4c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 7"Vi®S5c: Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
lower. •• ,
The attempted assassination of President (Mc-
Kinley unsettled the Eastern markets, and his
condition will be a factor, for some days at
least. Otherwise there was nothing new, the
markets being very dull.
This market shared the general dullness and
prices fhowed no change worthy of note.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. S6 l ,4c; milling. $1®
1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples, quiet. State common to
good, 5@Sc; prime, S'iSSftc; choice, 9c; fancy,
S%c. .
Califcrnia dried fruits, steady.
PRUNES— 3%S7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. S%@13c; Moorpark. 8@12c.
Peaches — Peeled, HlglSc; unpeeled, 6{j9VsC. -
PIGIRON— Dull; No. 1 Southern, $15<gl6 25.
COPPER— Dull; brokers', 164@17c.
LEAD— Dull; brokers', $4.
TIN— Quiet: $25 35@25 55.
. SPELTER— Quiet; domestic, $4. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; mild, steady. Fu
tures closed quiet, net unchanged. Total sales,,
4500 bags, including: October, 4.75c; December,
4.95c. Spot closed dull at 5 8-16c for Rio.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, eteady.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
1L92O barrels; exports, 23.031; market unsettled,
closed easy. Winter patents, $3 60@3 85.
WHEAT— Receipts, 9500 bushels; spot. easy.
No. 2 red. 76>/lc f. o. b. afloat: No. 2, 74%c
elevator;' No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76»4c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 6S%c afloat.
Options had a nervous, lower opening on
news that President McKinley had baen shot
but socn recovered. They tinally eased off,
closing easy at %@"ic net loss. May closed
il%c; September, closed 71%o; October li^ic;
December, closed 76?4e.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 S4V5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — 4 87"^
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V*
Sliver, per ounce ....: — 5S&
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 & 47j a
Exchange and Bullion.
New York Grain and Produce.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .113 113i4 Is qr c (new). 137 13S '
4s quar reg...H2 HZ'A'Js cuar coup.. 107% —
t . . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06»i — .Oceanic SS Cs.lCl —
Cal-st 5s 117 — ' Omnibus C 63.132 —
C C Water 5».lo* — Pac G Iran 4s. — 109
Ed L & P >ia..l23\il32\i Pk & Cl H 63.108 li2V4
Fer & Cl R 6s. — - Pk 4 O R 6s.ll7 —
' Oary-st 5s — — Puvrll-st P. 6s. — —
H C & S S^ia.lOttU — Sac fi G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s . — — b F f: SJV 53.122^123^
Los Ane R 5s.ll3 — •; Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 6s.H)lVi — « P cf A 6a
; Do Fntd 6S..10O — (1909) U2\i —
Do fintd as. .102 — (1910) 113%113%
L A & Pac 5S.102U — S P of C . 6a
Do 3 c m 5s. — — (1909), Ser A.109% —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 129 (1905), Ser B.110%110%
Do 1 c m as. — 123 (1906) 112?ill3
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 122 122% i
N R of Cal 6s.ll2 — S P of CaJ 1st
Do as 121*4 — c srntd JS....107 —
Nor Pae C 6s.Wl% — S P Br Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s IOSV'106 S V Water 63.11U4112
Nor Cal R os.lll — I Do 4s — 103&
Oak Gas fa.... 113^114 | Do 4s 3d m..l01 —
Do Trana 6s. — 120«VStktn Gas 6S..1C4 —
Do "Water 5s. 10214102% •
; ' WATER STOCKS.
i Contra Costa.. — 79 Port Costa 60 63
Marin County. 53 60 Spring Valley. 87 S7&
ga's and electric.
Cent L & P... 4 5 iPac Light — 47
Equitable 3Vi 4 (Sacramento .. — —
Mutual ....:... 4V, 514 S F O A E.... 41- 41".
Oakland 51% — Han Francisco. 4»4 <Vi 1
Pac Gas Imp. 3S 33V4 Stktn U <t t... b —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 217 •
BANKS. - ¦
AnKlo-Cal .... — — ,L P & A..:... — —
California 404 4C6 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..l0S — S F National.. 127^*129
First Natl 305. 312 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 19C0 — Bav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual- Sav... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
8TREET RAILROADS. .
California ....130 — , O S L & H 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio '— 40
Market 765i 77Vil .. :.. . * , ..
POWDER. .,
Giant — 7« I Vlgorlt ........ 3% 4
SUGAR. • . « ,,
Hana 6 — Kllauea 12 12',S
Hawaiian — £0 Makaweli ... .. 21>4 27
llonokna I2H 13>i Onomea 23 24
Hutchlnson ... 15 I5«i l'aauhau U ii\,
MI.SCKLI.ANKUl'a.
Alafka Pack. ,.135 — Oceanic 8 Co.. 36% 40
Cal Fruit Can. »3T4 — Pac Aux F A. 3 —
Cal Wine A«n. 94 95'/4 Pac C Borux, — —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 10 —
Mornlnr Scsalon.
Poard— •
10 Alcska Packers' AiiBoclatton 133 00
1 CatitornlA Wine Association 90 CO
r.o IMultnhlp Gax 3 K714
30 Hutchin^on S P Co 13 CO
5 Merket-mrpct Uallway 76 87%
J1M0 Oakland Trnntlt Co 6 120 62> s
tlCco Oakland Trunalt Co Ah ]20 W
tin<;.» Ot.Klmi'l Tiniihtl Co 6n \W 37Vj
$IOCO .Oakland Trnnait Co 6«. ....;. ..130 ISffc.
»20l 0 Oakland Transit Co 6a 120 00
20.1'auuhau 8 P Cn 13 CO
SO T'aauhau S P Co, ¦ DO 13 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 1.1 23
2) S V Gaa & KlectrlC Co 89 75
E0 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 4100 !
Street—
21 Ut'iik of California 403 60
STOCK AJH> BOND EXCHANGE
SATURDAY, Sept. ' 7—12. m.
To-Morrow a Holiday.
To-morrow being Admission day and a .legal
holiday business will be suspended throughout
vb» State,
Bank Clearings.
local be.sk clearings during the past week
were S20.S42.SE!. against $22.093.»44 during the
> linn w«tk laet year.
Weather Report.
C2Ctb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Bept. 7—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. tS; Mount Tam&lp&ls. 6S; Independ
ence, 64; Red Bluff. 80; Fresno, 86; Los Angeles,
T*; Sacramento, SO; San Luis Obispo, 74; San
Diego, 70. v^lN.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum, 50; mean. 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
Boston, 7S-6S; Cincinnati, 9<>-66; Jacksonville,
Jg-70; Kansas City, 92-72: Philadelphia, ES-72;
¦Washington, S&-6U; New York, S2-72.
THE COAST RECORD.
c s 2 n 2 %
g . « *.« SL 5 ;?— o
STATIONS. 3 Isl3<~ to S
3 i 3 i 3 F- 3 ? *
• • z xs
Astoria 30.04 60 fO W Cloudy Il4
Baker 30.04 52 3$ SW Pt Cldy .10
Carson 2y.9O 72 38 W Clear .W
Eureka 30.04 58 54 N Clear .00
Fresno 28. 84 86 54 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.02 74 40 S Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29.S6 76 3S S Clear .00
Independence 2S.S6 84 52 SE Clear .0"J
Lo« Angeles 29.S4 74 54 W Clear .00
Pho*nix 2S.7O 9S 70 XW Clear .00
Portland 30.02 64 48 N Rain .06
Red Bluff 29>8 M 54 SE Clear .00
Roscburg *...3U.(!2 70 44 NW Pt Cldy .02
Sacramento 29.88 SO E2 SE Clear .00
Salt Lake 2V.80 84 &0 SW Clear .0l>
San Francisco 29. S4 €2 52 W Clear .00
San Luis Obispo...29.92 74 46 W Clear .03
San Diego 29.S6 70 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.CC 58 46 £E Pt Cldy .02
Spokane 31. 00 66 42 S Cloudy .20
NMh Biy 30.04 58 50 E Clear .01
Waila Walla. 30.C4 60 41 S Cloudy .16
Winnemucca 25.85 70 30 W Clear .00
Yuma 2S.6S 100 €6 N Clear .CO
Fruits remain as before quoted. The demand*
continues good and ' there are no Indications
of a decline In anything. .
FilUITS — Apricots, bwlOc for Royals and S@
14V&C for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, . -7V4@S%c; sun dried.. 4©4i/sc:
Peaches, 6<gSc: 1'ears, 6^90; Plums, pitted, 4
(ftS'/ie; ur.pitted, l@2c; Nectarines. 6Q8V6C for
red and 6W6HC for white; Figs, 3»4c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the baslw of 3Hc for the four s,izes.
New crop are quoted on 'the basis of ili^Vic
for the tour sizes.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, I.'<^i2%c;
No. 2, SSSVic; No. 1 hardshell, 10©l0^c. No. 2.
6 1 /4@7^4c; Almonds. l£#14c for papershpll. 10?r
lie for BOftshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Xuts, 1^12'Jc;
Filberts, 12@12'Ac; Pecans. ll®13c; Cocoanut'.-*,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for brlcht and in®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5'4
@6c; light umber extracted, 4V4®3c; dark. 4<£p
4y 4 c •
BEESWAX-:5@28c per lb.
Regarding the threat of President Kearney
to sell Raisins at 2c, a local broker says: "Even
if he does, they will simply be gobbled up by
large ¦ buyers who will turn them over at a
round profit, eo the proceeding might not de
moralize the market as much as might be ex
pected.".
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Money on call, firm at
4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime mer
cantile paper, 6@5% per cent; . sterling ex
change nominal, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 8514 for demand and $4 83^4 for
sixty days: posted rates. $4 S4V£#4 87V4; com
mercial bills. $4 S2M<itt S2»i: bar silver, 5S%c;
Mexican dollars, 45^c; State bonds, Inactive;
railroad bends, weak; Government bonds
steady. *
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $181,150,079; gold. $113,716,994.
Condition of the Treasury.
TACOMA, Sept. 7.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 56c; club. 55c.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Sept. 7.— W^HEAT— Walla Wal
la. 543 hoc; valley, 56c; blue stem, 56c. _
Cleared— Bark Colgate with 131,033 bushels
wheat for Queenstown; British steamship
Oceano for Orient with 3,339,283 feet of lumber.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
weak were 41.S32 shares, valued, at $31,783, the
leading sales being as follows: Bear Flag.
1000 shares; California Standard, 2400; Inde
pendence. 1900; Junction, 7950; Lion, 2610; Mon
arch and Monte Crlsto. 10C0, each; Petroleum
Center, 13.600; Sterling. 2C5O< Oil City, 1700;
Peerless, 24C0.
The, California Wine Association has declared
a dividend of 60c per share, payable on the
10th.
The California-street Railroad Company will
pay a dividend of 50c per share on the 11th.
The exchanges will not be in session to-mor
row — Admission day.
Business was quiet as usual on Saturday and
the oil stocks were dull. On the Bond" Ex
change Gas and Electric advanced to $41. and
there' were further sales of Oakland Transit
6 per cent bonds at $120 62V$@120. .
London, Paris and American Bank was ei
dlvidend of tZ 10 yesterday.
¦ The Union Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 10c.
The Superior Oil assessment of lc was de
linquent in office yesterday.
Local bank clearings decreased last zveck.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat unsettled by the President's condition.
Sharp break in Wall street stocks.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay temporarily firm> under light receipts. -
Beans dull and weak. Seeds motionless.
Potatoes still in fair shipping demand.
Onions steady. Vegetables plentiful.
Butler weak, Cheese firm and Eggs rising.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply.
Dried Fruits still moving freely out of the State.
Poultry nominal, with light receipts.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Nothing new in Wool, Hides and Hops.
Meat market sufficiently supplied and quiet.
Light business on the local stock exchanges.
To-morrow a legal holiday.
FOR SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7.
Flour, qr sks...... 12,6371 Onions, sks 1.529
Wheat, ctls 62,243|Wool. sks 219
Barley, ctls 4.085 1 Shorts, sks 73
Oats, -cjls 3,$70|Wlne, gals........ 35,503
Sugar, ctls 4,476 'Leather, rolls.... 34
Tallow, ctls 24S|Pelts. bdls 119
Beans, sks 2.416 Hides. No... 161
Bran. sks... 3.1S0i Potatoes, sks 4,202
Middlings, sks... 840.1 -
Receipts of Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
?* .^ e hock t0 the monetary situation caused
b> the attempt, upon the life of President Mc-
Kinley. It may b<j observed, however, that
whatever monetary tension may incidentally
ft^n ? m the conse Quence of the attack upon
the President and from the surprising disclos
ures of conditions as regards reserve shown
by the bank statement will most likely ba
measurably relieved through imports of gold
from Europe, unless indeed the banks of Eng
land and France should seek either through an
advance on their official rates of discount or
by placing a high premium upon the metal to
prevent a movement of gold hither. Even in
that Improbable event, however, should our de
mands for relief become urgent, which condi
tion would be reflected In extremely high
rates for money at New York, this tension
would most likely be . sufficient to counteract
the efforts by the foreign banks to retard the
movement of gold hither and some of the metal
would undoubtedly be brought out Other
measures of relief to the situation, such as the
liquidation of loans and. If necessary, the issua
of Clearing-house certificates, which would
minimize the requirements for cash for the
Fettlement of Cleering-house balances, would
tend to restore confidence in case of any dis
turbance. ¦.
Builders' Contracts.
Dr. E. P. and Alic<% M. Hoyle (owners) witii
A. T. Spence (contractor), architect. D. F.
Oliver— All work txcept electric work, electric
and gas fixtures, finishing hardware, painting
and shades for a two-story and attic frame
residence on N line of Jackson street. 207:6 B
of First avenue. K 93 by uniform • width N to
•wall of Presidio Reservation; $12,1C6.
Ella L. and Nelson S. Whitney to Robert R.
Patterson, all interest In lot on N line of Chan
nlng way, 215 W of Dana street, W 50 by S
130, block 12, property of College Homestead As->
soclatlon. Berkeley: $10.
James B. and Annie M. Arthur to Henry N.
and Olive A. Murphy, all interest in lot on SW
corner of Oreson and Grant streets, W 40 by
N 100, block 5, State University Homestead As
sociation, subject to mortgage for $1200, Berke
ley; $10.
Mores Famuel to K. Erath. lot 33. block V.
portion of Sanfcrd Tract. Brooklyn Township:
5100. .
John Anderson (by William G. Henshaw. sur
viving truitee) to Union Savings Bank, lot oq
W line of Linden street. 100 N of Thirtieth.
N SO bv W 132, block 663, Glascock Tract. Oak
land: $lc73.
James Toofcis (by same) to same, lot on 3
line of Thirteenth street. 150 W of West. W
50 by S 100, block 1S2, Kellersberger Map, Oak
land; $5100.
Martin Walsh (by same) to same, lot en NW
corner of Twenty-fourth and Adeline streets.
N 7S by W 100, block P-642. Map" Northern Ex
tension. Oakland: $1100.
Robert McKilucan (by William O. Henshaw
and C. E. Palmer, trustees) to same, lot on
S line of Seventeenth street, 1S0.35 E of Saa
Pablo avenue. E.75 by S 105. block B. Map of
survey made for G. C. Potter. Oakland: also
lot on SE corner of Bay place and Telegraph
avenue, E l?0. S 04:8. W 118:10, N 94:8. lots 1
and 2, Lincoln Homestead Union, Oakland;
$7500.
Ransom N. Getchell to Elvina A. Wood, air
Interest in lot- on W line of Market street, 1S4:«
S of West Fifth. S 23 by W 123. Oakland; SID.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan to John P.
Scanlan. lot on E line of Center street, 233 3
of West Fifth. S 26 by E 158. block 472. Map
Double block 472. Oakland: $10.
Mary Taylor to William Taylor (husband),
lot on W line of Adeline street. 231:8 S of Third.
S 25 by W 128:3. block 443, Brfggs Tract, Oak
land; also lots 3 to 9. block L. resubdivided part
of Roberts and Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; gift.
James Tlerney and Mary Beatty (widow of
Patrick Beatty) to Charles A. Bailey, all blocks
A and B, block C except E 30 feet of lot S. and
all of lots 4. 5 and 6, all blocks D to S. Bryant
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mary A. Tlerney and Mary E. Beatty to
same, same, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $10.
Mary A. Howard to Ida E. Connor, lot on
E line of Regent street. 307 N of San Jose ave
nut. E 263:8. N 14«:3. W 128, 3 43:4, W 133:8. S
102 :t, portion of Map Survey, SE portion James
J. Foley Tract In Enclnal of San Antonio, Ala
meda; $10. - ¦ ¦
Foster Lophnm to Grant Lapham, lot on
NW line of Pearl street. «50 SW of Central
avenue, etc.. NW 272 by SW BO. block 10, Hay*
and Caperton prorerty. Alameda: also lot on
NW lire of Pearl street. TOO 8W of Central
avenue. NW 272. SW 149:«. BE 272. NH 187.
block 10. subdivided !_• acre lots, itmt, Ala
meda : $10.
Paul C. and Annlf R. McCourtney to Anni*
C. Johnnon, lot on N line of Forty-first street,
310 E of West, F. 30 by N 130:2, block 2089.
Paradla Plat. Oakland; $10.
Nann!f> P. Hook to Mathltde F. Kocnl* (wtf*
of A.), let on 8 line of Tenth str«?t, lCfl W of
Madison. W 50 by S 100, Mock 121. Kellers
bergfr's Mar, Oakland: $19.
Mountain Vl*w Otnet*ry Aiwoclatlon to Lena
I. Whltford (widow), l.'.o unuare fe«t, lot 23.
plat 4. Oakland Township: $1.
Lntits F. and Lydla Monteatl* to Ausruit
FVIlcsrrlnl. lot* i and S. blork K. Melrcse Sta
tion Tract. Brooklyn Townnhlp: $10.
Charles M. and Rarah A. Nichols ti> Emm*
I... Scott., lot on NW tine of Gordon avenue.
212.23 NE of San Leandro road. NE 1Q0 by NW
no. 43. block A, Fanny Davtrpcrt Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
E. U. and Elizabeth V. Varce to. S. A.
Vane*, lot on NK comer of Rattle avenue and
ltrpadwny, E 139:5, thence at right ancles 341
to E line railroad, SWto E Broadway, 3 16111,
Pancoxt Tract. Alameda: $10.
£arah G. Illltyer to Harvey F. Dana, lot on
N line of Central avenne. .142 W of Grand
street. W75 by N U7:6. block 7, Encinal, Ala
meda: $10. .
Richard and Elizabeth Crooks to David and
Catherine Upton, lot on S line of Pacific ave
i.ue. lfO W of Willow *trc?t. W 33 by S 150.
block 10. lands adjacent to Enctnal. Alameda;'
16=0. . .
Alameda County.
Robert M. and Mary A. Webb to Mary J.
Connolly, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 150 S
of L street, S 23 by E 120; $10.
Elizabeth Peterson to Elizabeth Flske. subdi
vision 19S. West End Homed tend; $10.
Emma H. Marsden to John Flgoni, lots 11 and
12. block 17, West End Map 2; 510.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Lulgt
Gendotti. lot on SW line of Eighteenth avenue,
100 SE of S street. SE 50 by SW 100. block 272,
O*N. and H. Tract: $10.
George and Elizabeth Davidson and Ernest
A. and Ella M. Leigh to Sarah A. Chandler
(wife of R. D.). lot on N line of Washington
street. 95 E of Drumm. E 60 by N 80; $10.
Mary A. Upton to Eliza M. Upton, lot on S
line of Pine street. 91:6 E of Powell. E 23 by
S 60; rift.
Hannah Barry to George de Urioste. lot on
NE line of Harriett street, 1C0 SE of Brannan.
SE 50 by NE 80: $10.
Mary and Margaret Meeley to Charles H. and
Amalle Brui-aber. V>t on W line of Tennessee
street, 341:8 N of Twenty-second (Sierra) street,
N 33:8 by W 100: $10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. G. W. Schulte and Charles Alpers (trus
tees Germania Savings and Building Union) to
Edward H. Perry, lot on W line of Flllmor*
street, 95:9 S of Waller, S 24:3 by W Sl:3; $10.
E. H. and Kate C. Perry to William Lemon*
same; $5000.
Martha M-, Abelardo- E. and Alfred H. G.
Cooper and Alice F. Dillon to J. B. R. Cooper,
lot on E line of Devisadero street, 40 N of Bush,
N 60 by E 82:«; $L
John T. Nott "or Knott to Lillle S. Miller,
lot on E line of Lott street, 100 S of McAllis
ter, S 25 by E 106:3; gift.
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to B. P. Oliver, lot on S corner of Colton street
and Colton place. SW 81:4% by SK SO; $10.
Antonia and Frederick W. A. Schoenemann
(by Mercantile Trust Company, trustee) to Jo
seph F. Dolan, 1660 D. 190, lot on E line of Flor
ida street. 132 S of Twenty-fourth, S 20 by B
10O, trustee's deed; $850.
Emma T. and Ira B. Fenton to Pierre O.
Somps, lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street,
100 E of Mission. E 43:6 by S 100; $10.
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 7.— Clearings, $368,779;
balances. $43,910.
• WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull, Cs 54d; No. l>Northern spring, quiet,
ss 8d; No. 1 California, quiet, 5s lltfd. Fu
tures, quiet; September, 5s 6l4d; December, 5s
7%d. ¦" :
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s H%d; do old, no stock. Futures. Inactive;
September. 4s lO^d; October. 4s lOVid; Novem
ber. 4a 10>,4d. .
CLOSING.
LONDON,". Sept. 7. -Silver. 26 15-16d; French
rentes, Wlf 83c. Wheat cargoes on passage,
rather easier; cargoes' No." 1 Standard Califor
nia, 2Ss Bd; English country markets, quiet,
but steady; Indian shipments wheat to United
Kingdom, 23.000; Indian : shipments wheat 'to
Continent. 11,000. . • .
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 7.— Wheat, quiet : No. 1
Standard California, 5s HV4<l@6s; ¦ wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; , French coun
try markets, quiet, but steady; weather In Ens
land, fine.- ',
COTTON— Uplands, i' 2G-32d.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Cotton futures closed
quiet and steady, net 5@7 points lower.
CITRUS FRUITS— Orange?. 50c<&$3; Lemons.
$1@1 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $l@Z50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50; Bananas, 75c<g'U 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50<g3 per dozen. 1 • . .
GRAPES— Larpe cpen boxes bring about "50
per cent more than email boxes and crate?,
which are .juuted as follows: Fontalnebleau
and Swectwatcr,-. 30@40c per box and crate;
Tokay, 4C(ff65c per box; Muscat, 4Q@65c; Seed
lets, 30@85c; Black, 40(5>63c; Isabella, 49c@*l;
Wine Grapes, $25@2t> per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 35@75c per box; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate; Watermelons, $5Q>
25 per 100. • •' :
PEARS— Bartletts, $l«j 1 £0 per box for No. 1,
50@90c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton; other
Pears. 2Ti&o0o per box.
QUINCES— 50@65c per box. —
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@6 for large berries. .
RLACKBEKKIES— $3#5 per cnest, -
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7<SS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 40c@tl for double layer boxes;
White, 15<@40c. . -.
POMEGRANATES— $1@1 50 per box.
- PEACHES — 25@50c per box and .- $15@20 per
ton for Frees and $20<fj,40 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, 50@90c, according to size of ¦ carrier;
Mountain Ptaches, 50©75c per box,
NECTARINES— White. per box: Red.
4C(?i75c. • '. .
• PLUMS— 25@40c per bos: Prunes,' 30@50c per
crate: ."WasMnGton Gages, $20 per ton; Egg
Plums. $20 per ton. ¦•..•¦
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35<g65c for ordinary. . .
CRABAPPLES— 60@73c per box. according to
package." : • •¦;;¦;
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Citrus fruits continue in good supply and
slow at about previous prices. ;
The market Is well -supplied with all season
able* kinds and is featureless. There are a
good many Plums' and Peaches : in bulk lying
around, and the demand is nothing extra. Sup
plies of Bartletl Pears are steadily diminish
ing, and they v/Ul? soon disappear. Figs are
not meeting . with much inquiry. Melons rule
firm, with. moderate receipts. Grapes are dull
and prices are generally weak. ! ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10V*@13c for prime to
fancy washed; 9@10c for strictly good washed;
8%@9c for good washed ; 7H<SSSHc for fair, wash
ed; 6%@7Vic for medium; 5<g6Hc for Inferior to
ordinary: 9@llc for good to prime washed pea
berry; 8Q9c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; 7 1 / 467%c for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to fancy washed;
8@10c for fair to strictly good washed; 7@7>ic
for good to superior unwashed; SU@S?ic for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
8'/4@10%c for good to prime washed; 7%®SV4c
for fair washed; 10@llc for good to prime
washed peaberry : 7*4@8%c for • good to prime
semi- washed; 7%@8c for superior unwashed; 7*4
@7%c for good green unwashed; 8',;(§i9c for good
to ¦ superior ¦ unwashed peaberry; 5Vi@4}2C, for
common to ordinary. •• .
Pickled Roll, 19@20c ; Keg, 18@lSc per lb. '
: CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old. nominal; Youn*
America. 12V&C per lb;. Eastern, 13#15c. ¦
EGGS — Ranch, 26@31c for good to fancy;
store, 20@25c per dozen; Eastern, 17@22*£c.
The, Imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the- port of New York for this week .are
valued at 112,305,962.
aggregate $506,845. The Imports of specie this
week were $76,537 gold and $73,008 silver. ; ;;••
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures',
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Sept .7.— The exports of silver
from this port to all countries for the week
31
In the famous cellars of the Hotel de
Ville, at Bremen, there are a dozen cases
of wine which have been preserved for 250
years. A merchant figures out that if the
cost of maintaining the cellars, paymont
of rent, interest upon the original value
of the wine and other incidental charges
are considered, a bottle of this choice Ma
deira bas cost no less than $2,000,000, each
glassful $270,000, and a single drop could
not be sold .without loss, under 1200. It is
probable that this very old wine 13 worth
less on account of "starvation." Charles
Bellows, our ablest authority on Madeira
says It becomes "starved" after feeding
upon its own lees for thirty or fort/ years.
—Columbus Press Post.
A REGULAR Auction Sale EVERY *v^
'^'TXJESDAT at 1140 Folsom street at 11 -*-*<\
a., m. of the largest stock of horses, wagons.
buggies, carts, harness and saddles that was
ever offered on the market.
SAM WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESNEW YORK, Sept. 7— A special litany
service was; held in St.' Paul's. Chapel-fat
noon to-day, at which prayers for. ithe re
covery of the President were offered. -St.
Paul's Chaoel ,was where : Georee Wash-
Services in St. Paul's Cliapel.
OAKLAND. Sept. 7.— Memorial services
for the late Ray McCargar. who died two
months ago in the City of Mexico, will be
held to-morrow morning In the Chester
street Methodist Church. The services
will be conducted by the Kev. J. E
Wright, W. S. Angwin and the Rev. M.
H. Alexander, pastor of the church. Ray
McCargar was a graduate of the Uigix
School and a member of the Cheater
street Church. ;
McCargar Memorial Services.
"Your wife will live another year — until
about next February ' or March,' but ¦ be
careful of yourself. You will' b^ r shot 'or
etabbed during the month of June or else
in September."
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Gustav Meyer,
who says he is an astrologer, living In
Hoboken. N. J., claims to have sent the
following telegram to President . McKin
ley when the. latter was in San Fran
cisco:
An Astrologer's Warning.
TACOMA, Sept. 7.— A stranger In front
of the Associated Press bulletin boards,
where bulletins "of the President's condi
tion were posted, remarked defiantly to
the crowd about hixn:
"That's good. Hp ought to hava l:een
Bhot long ago." s
An old man wearing a Grand Array
badge leaped out of th<» crowd and struck
the young man. He fell to the « ground
like a log and the aged veteran pounced
upon him. He beat the youns anarchist
: OAKLAND. ; Sept. ; 7.— Judge Ellsworth
made an ¦ order to-day . requiring. -Antonio
Gomes 'of 'San Leandro, whose wife Is
suing him /or divorce, to pay her $25 a
month alimony; MrsA Gomes charges her
husband with infidelity-; and names her
sister-in-law. Mrs. Jottn Borge, as co
respondent. Defaults, were 1 taken , In the
cases of, -Minnie Atchlson and Alfred
Atchison; and Ella : Holdsworth and
Henry Holdsworth. 1 the husbands failing
• to answer i their .- wives', suits for i divorce.
Mabel Smith asks i for ! a divorce ' from".
Thoma3 A. Smith on the ground of deser
tion. 'Nlnle' Houghtbn ..wants a v divorce
from E. 'F. Houghton for desertion '.,
Ordered to Pay -Wife Alimony.
, Mayor Van Wyck to-day issued a proc
lamation calling upon the people of Now
York City to meet in -their.: accustomed
places of worship to-morrow to join In
prayer for the President's recover. '. ,- )
Jnston, 1 while' President, /worshiped from
17MI to 1791.; . ' . . • > .
TACOMA, Sept. 7.— Only the interference
of the police saved a socialist agitator
h«ro to-night. He was haranguing a'
crowd on South Twelth street and refer
red szieeringly to the "full dinner pall."
Some one in the crowd took exception to
the remark and several hundred, persons
Immediately started for the speaker. A
friend who attempted to come to his res
cue was hustled out of the way, but the
police interfered to save, the agitator.
Under an escort of police he was taken
home, followed by several hundred per
sons.
Socialist Agitator Attacked.
Bishop and, Mrs. C. C. McCabe will be
tendered a reception • by - local . leaders '. In
.'church- work at the Pacific Japanese Mis
sion,. . 1329 Pine ~ street, .to-morrow even-'
'ing. ' Several interesting. addresses 'will be
delivered, in addition, to -which there will
be rendered an attractive ; musical -pro
gramme. 1 ' ; ".:.'":..-.. ••¦•-;•¦' •'¦ \ .: ;:;>.;' ¦-.
Bishop McCabe will deliver a sermon at
the -Howard < Methodist ¦ Church Sunday
'evening and 'will also. sing.. : ' ..
Reception to Bisflop McCabe.
. rOAKLAND.' Sept., 7.— IJcenses~to marry
were, issued to-day to -William C. Kabl
slus,.agcd 21. ¦, and Annie . M. Anton. IS,,
both of Oakland; William Trumble Glenn.
2(5. and Virginia Ping.- 21. -both ; of. San
Francisco: Eliza Thompson. 37, Oakland,
and Hupo -Meyer. 21). San '•- Francisco;
Henry Weathcrlngton. 21. . Santa Ros-m,
and -Myrtle . Nott, 1$. Dimond; William
Mathew-Bothmer. 26. Oakland, and. Ame
lia Tneresa '- Hupers. • 23,- Llvermore;
Charles Robert Briggs. SO. and Minnie Mc-
Donald, 29, both of. Oakland;
Vance /Roberts. 23. San Francisco, an J
Alice^ Margaret Hailipan, 21.: of Oakland;
Thomas J. Miranda, 50, and Mary Silva,
41,' • both - : of Alameda. .' - , -
Licenses to Marry.
Bishop Charles C. McCabc. who is in
attendance upon this conference, and who
Is a warm personal friend of the Presi
dent." said: "This nation has a rleht 'to
protect itself against these. dangerous men
who incite to crime, treason and murder "
t/ 1 ?? 3 eV !^- B U McN »»y. Pastor of St.
Patrick's Church at West Oakland, will
hold special services to-morrow • evenlne
which he will conduct in person. Prayers
will be offered for the recovery of th»
President, , and • Father McNally will
preach upon "The Ethics. of Government
and the Governed." which will treat upon
the enormity of the crime of those who
would supplant law with anarchy .
: Rabbi Frledlander, to-day offered special
prayers at the: First Hebrew Synagojrue
for the recovery of the President. -
OAKLAND, Sept. 7. -The feeling in
Oakland over the shooting of the Presi
dent is one of the greatest regret and sor
row. President McKInley's special trip to-
Oakland: to visit the school children Is re
membered as a specialcompllrnentlto this
city, for in the midst of all of his trouble
and the- sickness of his.. wife he found
time to cross the bay for that purpose.
The conference of the German Metho
dist-churches of California is In session at
the Twenty-third avenue German Metho
dist-Church. This conference to-day sent
si Ions telegram of sympathy to Mrs Mc-
Kinley and passed a resolution express
ing the hope that legislative bodies, both
State and national, would make the dis
semination of ana.rchistlc -ideas a penal
offense. * < ' . ;
tion of Anarchist Literature
Made a Crime.
German Methodists Want Dissemina-
FEELING OF SORROW AND
REGBET IN OAKLAND
Pummels a Youth 1 Who Re
joiced Over the Attack
on the President.
OLD VETERAN TEACHES
ANARCHIST A LESSON
anarchists were arrested here to-day,
charged with being implicated in the con
spiracy to assassinate President McKin
lej'. They were found in the rear of 105
"Kewbury avenue and were at once placed
behind the bars with the nine arrested
last nigrbt. They gave their names a<»
Martin Fox, J. M. Rozinski and Michael
Rose.
In the room was found a quantity of
anarchistic literature, pictures of Emma
Goldman and other noted anarchists, and
copies of "red" newspapers. The raid was
made by a dozen policemen under orders
from Captain Wheeler.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Three more afieged
POLICE SEND
MEN TO JAIL
MILBURN HOUSE^
Fuffa!o, Sept; 8.-rAt /
2 O'clock tjHS (Sun
day) mortiin^it was
announced that Pres
ident McKinley was
sleeping peacefully.
The physicians left
the bedchamber N to
.rest themselves and;
the nurses wers'i the
only * ones awake.
The sleep into which
President has
e f allenHyas ri^a r»<^ed
with favor.
-BUFFALO; tSspt. r ; 8. — The
follovring bulletin was issuea
¦ by ; the President's .physicians
at 3:20 a.; m.:
The President has passsd a
fairly good night. Pulse 122,
temperature 102.4 degrees,
respiration 24. "
• j ' ¦'"•¦-• P. M. BIXEY,
'-''¦ ' H. MYUTER.
, GEO. COBTTEIiYOTr,
Secretary to President.
Dr. Caspar Rene Gregory, professor in
theology in the University of Leipslc
will speak 'on Monday on "Theology To
day in Germany." and on Tuesday on
"Modern Social Movements in Germany."
Under the E. T. Earl lectureship of the
Pacittc Theological Seminary Dr. Gregory
will deliver two lectures at Stiles Hall.
On Monday evening he will speak on
"The Religious Condition of Germany."
and on Thursday on "Tischendorf and the
Sinaitic Manuscript."
BERKELEY. Sept. 7.— "The White
Man's Burden" is the subject of a course
of university lectures to be given next
week by G. Lowes Dickinson, the noted
Cambridge lecturer and writer on
economics and political science. The top
ics announced for next week are as fol
lows;
September 11— "The Government of Depend
encies. With. Special Reference to India."
September 12 — "Blacks and "Whites."
September 13 — "The South African Crisis, und
Its Historical Antecedents." , >
September l&-"Tbe English In America."
September 17— "The New Commonwealth."
I September 18.— "Imperial Federation."
Professor Henry Morse Stephens haa re
turned from his summer trip to Alaska,
and before returning East to. resume his
duties at Cornell University will deliver
the following series of university exten
sion lectures in Oakland In the common
school assembly hall. Eleventh and Grove
streets:
t September 10— "Sir Walter Raleigh and Ex
pansion by Settlement."
¦ September 12— "Oliver Cromwell and Expan
sion by War."
September IS— "Sir Joslah Child and Ex
pansion by Trade."
September 2Q— "Sir William Pitt. Earl of
Chatham, and Expansion by Conquest."
Three Series of Lectures Offered to
.Public by Distinguished Vis
biting. Lecturers.
FACULTY AND STUDENT
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
"I cannot yet fully realize /that such a
crime has been committed or was 'possible.
Insane or anarchist the person who fired
the ehots should be given" very little con
sideration. It seems impossible that any
human bein? should have the 'heart to
commit such a terrible crime. There has
been no other President since Abraham
I>incoln who has received the love and
admiration that the American people have
given to William McKinley. His whole
life has been devoted to their v/elfare and
happiness. The crime that has been com
mitted is barbarous beyond expression. I
rejoice that the bulletins now are so fa
vorable. The whole country hopes for hla
recovery." -' • •
GRAND -JUNCTION.-' Colo.. Sept." 7.—
Hon. Henry M. Teller, United States Sen
ator from Colorado; who is spending some
time here on his fruit ranch, did not learn
of the attempted assassination of Presi
dent McKinley until a late hoar last night.
To-day .he received a : telegram from the
New York. World, wanting to know the
sentiments of the people of Colorado on.
the crime. He wired the World that "All
classes of . our' people -were shocked
the occurrence and are anxious for ; tivo"
speedy recovery of President McKinley."
GREENFIELD, Mass., S«pt.
tary of the. Interior Hitchcock passed
through here this mornlner on a special
train en route to Buffalo. Speaking of the
attempted assassination of the President
Secretarr Hitchcock said: .'¦/
Hopes, for. Speedy. Recovery.
unmercifully, -while several hundred'inen
and women shouted approval. Finally.- he
arose and the young man got away. Intr
mediately tho, crowd took up the cry. of
"Lynch him" and .started in pursuit. The
man ran across the Eleventh street bridge
and Into »h©. country. and -finally escaped.
In the meantime- the old- veteran had
slipped away.'. • ... <
Army officiate have taken extra precau
tions since receiving news of the attempt
ed assasteailon of President McKinley to
have the soldiers at the Presidio ready to
answer at a moment's notice a call to
arms. Since the commencement of the
strike the soldiers have been practically
under waiting orders, as It was feared
that at any time the sen-ices of the reg
ulars would be needed. The murderous at
tack ' on the President made riot and
bloodshed seem more than probable and
to guard against the acts of crowds and
mobs of angered people orders were Is
sued forbidding troop commanders and
Officers at the Presidio leaving the reser
vation, and requiring- commanders to have
their troops in light marching order.
¦Orders Issued Preventing Officers
Leaving th.e Presidio
Iteservation.
TROOPS READY
FOR ANY CALL
SLEEPING
PEACEFULLY
"Secretary Cortelj-ou^telegraphed Direc
tor General Buchanan from Canton ¦;. to
make careful police arrangements to pro
tect the President during his -stay and
subsequently wrote him to the "name ef
fect. Instead of two secret service men
who usually accompany the President on"
trips of this character. Secretary : Cortel
you had-a third man detailed.'?-, . .
"It was wa'rni.'many people', were mop
ping their brows with their handkerchiefs
and the detectives who had been watch
ing diligently for a possible weapon in the
hand of a would-be assassin had no sus
picion of what lay concealed in what-ap
parently was the bandaged hand of Czol- ;
gosz. ,. ¦ • . ¦ : '
"All the secret service had been espe
cially cautioned. I desire to have tills
statement made public, -not-, only that- tb<*
people may understand . that the assault
cannot be attributed to earelessnesa. but
also in justice to Secretary Cortelyou,
who .with a faithfulness and loyalty sel
dom, paralleled has ¦ striven with all ilia
energy upon all =¦ occasions to . safeguard
the life of the President. : ;
"Wlth the. memory of this-cpnversalion
in his mind. Secretary Cortelyou yest'or
day took special 'pi ecautlons. '\ Detectives-,
guards and soldiers were ¦¦• employed.
Nothing . foresight could imagine, •:. was
omitted and.yet:the dastardly^ crime'. was
committedAv;-*"-'.- ,-'.:;*.-' ' " ' ' ; /.¦'';••
.. BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— Secretary Wilson
desires' the country -to .understand tliat
every possible precaution w^s taken to
prevent the awful tragedy of : yesterday.
The Secretary made the following state
ment to-day to a Call correspondent:,.- .•
-"Last, Thursday when the President
witnessed' the grand illumination" at- the
exposition I was impressed with the ease
¦with --which 'some evil disposed.' person
might have crept up in the darkness be
tween the flashes of. the -pyrotechnics and
have done the President bodily ; • harm:
Secretary Cortelyou was similarly'-.lm
pressed and .we talked the matter over at
great length and as we sat on the benc'acs
watching:, the display 1 confess \ that '•'¦.my.
pleasure was destroyed by the: dread: of
what might, happen. Secretary; Cortelyou;
and I went over carefully the precautions
which are , always, taken with the-'public'
appearance of the President, and ,he,»s'aitf
that. If any other precautions' could -be
suggested \ or devised he would- employ
them. ; -We spoke of the reception at the
Temple'of Music which had -,been«". hr
. ranged for the next day. We both agreed
that the only danger which ; mfgnt exl^t
would be from organized anarchists,^or
-sonie one ¦ actually demented.'; or- irri?
sponsfble, but the possibility of "just such"
a tragedy as occurred we could' not tint
admit. '." :f . V" ;¦:. \' : -
Caused Extra PrecauticmS ' to
Protect the President.
Talked .Cortelypu . andvBoth'
WILSON HAD
STRANGE FEAR
f: ''With, tears streaming ddwn our faces
we did likewise, and the prayer that, went
up .certainly 'must' have reached the
Father above, for the rainbow *ew wider
j' and.- brighter as we prayed,, and suddenly
i flared up as if assenting to. our supplica
i.tions." • . .'. .... ¦
¦'At first we aro speechless and tearl-ess.
Therrcame the torrent." From above' broke
forth the most astounding masses of
water— greet .sheets of it. The heavens
wept with us. There was a rainbow the
like of which few. men have ever seen.
It was- anarth of crimson and gold that
rivaled a noonday ¦-. sun. Mrs. McKinley
looked at.it in mute astonishment.
" 'It Is a} sign from God that he' will let
our : brother live," "was her remark, und
she "fell on her knees. ...-,.¦.. -
• "Between the crashes of heaven's artil
lery I read the message.^ McKinley put
his hand to his head and staggered. With
each step, almost, there was a terrific
crash from above. We called the rest of
the party together and plainly told them
the situation. . . . '.:
"As the telegram was handed to me,",
said Mr. Meek, "there was a terrible flash
of lightning, followed directly by a crash
that shook ¦ the granite mountains. I
glanced at the contents of the telegram.
I staggered into the car and called Abner
McKinley to one side.
DENVER. 'Sept.' 7.— A". dramatic story of
the circumstances attending the reception
by Abner McKinley and family. in^Platte
Canyon yesterday of the news of the at
tempted assassination of his brother, the
President, was told to-day by C. F:> Meek
of the Colorado and Southern Railway,
who. was In charge of the party's special
train.- " , ; i • • . • -
Interesting Story Told About theAr-'
• ri\al of Aimer McKinley in >
. • . ¦ r'^latte Canyon. .
GREAT TORRENT,
THEN RAINBOW
YOUNG LADIES OF; THE '"PRYTfONEAN; SOCIETY. OF, THE, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO HAVE DETER-;
MINED TO ESTABLISH A FREE" SECTION OF THE BERKELEY HOSPITAL FOR MEN AND WOMEN STU
DENTS. ' •.•¦•>: • i .-v'' : . .¦¦".;., ¦'•':''>:'¦ '-'.".V* ¦'• :"'•¦ ¦ .-.- •¦••• ¦¦¦'¦¦-
Continued from Page 25.
.In the meantime, however. Mr. Ver
woert and Mrs. Verwoert had had a dis
agreement- over something, which re
sulted' in a demand from *vlr. Verwoert
that" his property be returned to him ac
cording to agreement. This Mrs. Ver
woert refused .to do. -She had the prop
erty now, she said, and meant to keep it
The husband became frightened then and
threatened to take steps to recover.
But the suit instituted to-day by Cun
ningham & Pollteo promises to end all
controversy between husband and w'fe
for if the transfers are decided by the
courts to be illegal Verwoert will get his
property back. The chances- are In favor
of • a decision • for the architects, so Mr
Verwoert is not worrying -much s He
would rather • pay $261 than lose $50,00u.
, Oakland Office! San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 7.
' C. H. W. Verwoert of Oakland is sorry
now that he deeded all his property to his
wife and he would like to get it. back.
Since Verwoert transferred his possessions
to , Mrs. Verwoert two months ago in an
attempt to avoid the . consequences of a
Justice's^ lawsuit he. has had -ar falling out
with hls r wife, who refuses" now; to return
Jo';hirh ; what he, clairns to-. be his, amount
ing to r something like $50,000.' In' the course
of .'events, •however, Verwoert : Jmay again
come into possession* " of "the--, property, as
suit has been filed: to have'-.;the 'property
transfers set- aside on--the 'ground that
they were fraudulent.
'Anticipating a suit by-the architectural
firm. of Cunningham &-~Pbliteo for the re
covery of. money for services performed,
Verwoert. conveyed all Ms property on
July-11 last to? his wife.' with the under
standing that It" would be- returned to him
on demand. Then when suit was brought
against him Verwoert confessed judgment
In' the" Justice's Court for $261, the amount
of Cunningham & Politeo's claim. The
judgment was entered ; on'. September 5
and on September 7 an execution was is
sued against Verwoert's property. But
when . the . constable sought to levy tne
execution he found 'nothing upon which
he could lay his hands. The property
had taken wings.
Wife Refuses to Return
His Deeds as She
Agreed.
Sheriff Rogers says the chances for
catching the thieves is small, as they
have a start of at least ten hours, dur
ing which they could have made their
way to Walnut Creek or some other rail
way station and taken the train for Saa
Francisco. - *
.. Michaels, was unable to tell the officers
which direction the men took, but be
lieves they made for San Francisco In a
roundabout way. - .
Michaels told Marshal Smith of Liver
more that his assailants were two strik
ers from San Francisco, whom he had be
friended by sharing his home -with. them.
He gives the names of the men as Hill
and Howard, who told him they wer«
members respectively of . the Longshore
men's and Sailors' unions of San Fran
cisco. The' fellows landed in Livermore
a week ago in search; of work. They
struck- up an acquaintance with Michaels,
to whom they told their names and trou
bles. They told -him they -were -strikers
forced to work In order to support their
families.' Michaels found work for tho
men in an almond orchard and gave them
¦permission to sleep In his house.
"The men behaved" well. Michaels said,
until last night, when they suddenly set
upon him in- -his sleep. They bound his
hands and feet with ropes and then pro
ceeded to beat him until he was forced
to reveal the location of-the place where
he kept his money. The robbers found
$20. with which they made off. Michaels
was unable to move, and lay In agony on
the floor until found by friends.
Bound hand and foot, John Michaels,
an old resident, was found upon the floor
of his home in Llvermore this morning
by friends. He had been brutally beaten
about the head and body by thieves, then
forced to disclose the hiding place of his
earnings, amounting to about $20, which
the men took. The peace officers are
searching. the country for the men.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Sept. 7.
VERWOERT WANTS
PROPERTY BACK
Alleged Strikers Force
Old Man to Give
Up Money.
Parsons Is a carpenter and had recently
been employed on the new Athenian Club
building at Franklin and Fourteenth
streets. He Is said to be related to the
ararchlst Parsons who was in -the .Hay
market riots at Chicago several years ago..
Immediately thereafter the committee
took testimony from the members who
had witnessed Parsons' act. A report
was made to the union that he had dis
honored the flag. A motion that he be
expelled from the union followed. Of 54
votes cast 50 were for Immediate expul
sion and two of the four negative voters
explained that they only voted as they did
because they thought there had been too
gieat haBte in the proceedings. They in
dorsed the committee's recommendation
so far as it was a punishment for the of
fense. ; - -
During the debate in the union a mem
ber exclaimed: "Nobody but an anarchist
would do such a thing as is here charged."
'•1 am an anarchist," interrupted Par
sons, "and I don't ¦want any flag. "I won't
wear the flag of this country or any
other."
The act which led to this prompt and
dtastic move by the union occurred on
Labor --day, when Parsons ripped the
cicssed flags that are a part of the union's
bac'ge off the emblem and threw the In
signia on the ground. Several members
witnessed the act and favored immediate
action, but ¦were restrained.
The matter was brought before the
union at its regular meeting Friday
night. A committee, composed of C. F.
Murdoch. John Shea, S. W. Getchell. J,
Foster and "William Griffiths, was appoint
ed to investigate. •
Because he tore the flag: of the United
States from the badge he wore, Frederick
Parsons, an avowed anarchist, haa been
expelled by practically a unanimous vote
from the local union No. 36, United Broth
erhood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer
ica.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 7.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Carpenters Expel Mem
ber Who Tore Flag
From His Badge.
UNION ORDERS
ANARCHIST OUT
PBESIDENT NEARS A CRISIS.
From that moment a coolness sprung
up between Grand Secretary Long and
Grand Treasurer Dalton in the Modern
Trojans. Dalton tried to unseat Long-,
but the grand secretary haxl done much
of the organizing of the order and man
aged to hold the members and his place.
Since that time things have not gone
¦well in the order. The members became
«5ivl<Jed on political lines and some of
them began to drop out. The grand offi
cers have made an effort to rally them
but with little success. Efforts have been
made to get meetings of the grand offi
cers, but with indifferent success, and the
Indications are that the Modern Trojans
will find themselves wrecked upon the
rock of politics.
Members Divided Politically.
Things went well until last spring, when
tKe fight for control of the Republican
City Central Committee was in progress.
G-rand Secretary E. M. Long: of the Tro
jans was a member of the Republican
City Central Committee from the First
"Ward, placed there by Henry P. Dalton,
the grand treasurer of the order. The
Partlee-Dalton faction in politics had con
trol of the City Committee by a vote of
five to two. They lost the vote of T. TV.
LeBallister of the Seventh Ward, which
xnade the vote four to three in favor of
the Pardee-Dalton faction. Dalton
thought that Long would "stay pTit" po
litically and depended upon him to hold
the committee In line.
But suddenly Grand Secretary Long
clipped into the other camp and Pardee
and Dalton lost control of the City Com
mittee. Dalton accused Long of having
been bought, and the political excitement
that arose at that time is still remem
bered.
Order Grows Rapidly.
So the Supreme Lodge of Modern Tro
jans was organized, with S. G. Hilborn,
then Congressman from this district, as
jrraniJ president; E. M. Long as grand
secretary, Henry P. Dalton as grand
treasurer and F. K. Mott and B. A- Rabe
as grand directors.
The plan was a good one and organiza
tion of lodges went ahead quite rapidly
until there were ten in the field, all of
them located around the 'bay of San
Francisco. The high tide mark of mem
bers was about 1500.
When Congressman Hilborn died his
place was filled by J. W. Evans, at pres
ent School Director in Oakland.
The order of Modern. Trojans has
rtruck upon the rock of politics. It has
fallen before the opposing Greeks, and
¦while the directors and organizers are
making every effort to save it a suit has
been filed for an unpaid policy and there
Is a considerable disaffection among the
members. The suit was brought by Mrs.
Ann C Mitchell for a policy upon her
Jiusbend's life. She claims that he died
on March 24 of this year and that settle
ment has been refused.
But the Modern Trojans have proved
themselves unlike their ancient name-
Bakes. Internal dissension has rent them
In twain, and more of the troubles of the
order are due to local politics than to the
failure of the plan upon which they
¦worked. The ditferences between Grand
Secretary B. M. Long and Grand Treas
urer Henry P. Dalton, which differences
began •with local Oakland politics, have
•dampened the ardor of the members and
caused a partial paralysis of the organi
(*atlon. Some of the 'directors say they
liiave a good plan upon which to work,
,*nd they hope to be able to revive the or
•der by eliminating personality and put
ting it once more upon a firm basis.
" The Modern Trojans were organized in
.this city about five or six years ago. E.
JJ- Long, then a deputy assessor under
•Henry P- Dalton, was something of an
expert upon fraternal insurance. He had
rbeen connected with several societies and
Tcnew the systems upon which they all
•worked. Mr. Long advanced the idea of
.the Modern Trojans to his chief and out
lined a new plan that he said was better
than any in existence in the fraternal ln
eurance worlds He Bhowed how the or
ganization could be made to make money
by his plan. The principal feature of this
plan, different from other organizations
of dmUar object, was that when a death
claim matured and there was no money
•with which to meet it a certificate should
"be Issued by the order for the money
"bearing Interest and payable when money
should come Into the treasury- By this
means it was thought that the organiza
tion would never have to face bankruptcy
under any circumstances.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,"
1118 Broadway, Sept. 7. -
AIDS THIEVES
AND IS ROBBED
The child finally went to a friend of the
family. Mrs. Captain Lockyer, who lives
on Sixth street. Here It was noticed that
1 his throat was worse, and Dr. Gladding
i was summoned. He came Friday even-
Ing, and on examination pronounced the
case diphtheria. Strict orders were given
not to move the child to Its own home, as
the case was- deemed critical.
At this juncture Mrs. Ward returned
from the camp-meeting. She claims that
she found Mrs. Lockyer under the influ
ence of liquor and acting hysterically.
She was considered to be disturbing the
child, and Mr3. "Ward decided to disobey
the doctor and carry the boy on a mat
tress through the streets to his own
home. This was done, and Dr. Gladding
on his visit this morning found the child
dying. "While" working on the boy with
antitoxin death took place at 8:30 a, m.
Health Officer Rowell was notified and
placed both houses under quarantine. This
morning Mrs. Lockyer was found to be
breaking the quarantine and running
back and forth between the two houses.
-Marshal Kerns was notified and succeeded
in keeping hex^ in her house without ar
resting her. ••«"* ¦ .
At first Dr. Gladding: refused to sign the
death certificate, and Deputy Coroner
Streightif made an investigation. Mrs.
Lockyer charged the boy's mother with
having deserted him to attend camp-meet
ing, while the mother accuses Mrs. Lock
yer ¦ of Interfering in her family affair*
and of acting so as to make it impossible
for the boy to remain in her house. Mean
while both families are now under quar
antine. Dr. Gladding finally signed the
certificate. ...
The child Is the son of Mra. Matilda
Ward of Fifth street. West Berkeley. The
lad returned last Thursday from a visit to
Mill Valley and complained of a sore
throat. He was supposed to be suffering
from an attack of the mumps and was
treated for that complaint at first. His
mother had been attending the Spiritualist
camp-meeting. The neighbors charge that
she gave 'the boy little attention, claiming:
she would leave him in the morning and
not return until late at night.
• BERKELEY, Sept. 7.— Ignoring the or
ders of the attending physician. - the
guardians of little Harry Ward moved the
boy last night from one house to another
when he was dangerously ill with diph
theria, and in a few hours the child was
dead. The circumstances of this strange
night transfer have caused Deputy Cor
oner Strelghtlf to investigate the case.
Culmination of a Quarrel
Between Two Women in
West Berkeley.
Grand Treasurer Dalton and
Secretary Long at
Outs. ¦
Mother Disobeys Doctor
and the Result Is
Fatal.
The Order Is Sued for a
Life Insurance
Policy.
POLITICS SPLITS
MODERN TROJANS
CARRIES DYING
BOY OUTDOORS
PRYTANEAN SOCIETY IS STRIVING
TO ENDOW FREE BEDS IN HOSPITAL
Organization of Women Students of University of California fo
manent Quarters at Berkeley tor -Sick or \ Injured College Men and Women and Give* a
Number- of Entertainments /and Seek Contributions to jRaise the Amount of Monev
¦ .. • ¦ -. . ¦ ¦ : ¦ - . • ¦ ¦ : ...¦ :•-.,,, •¦•' -" . . • -¦¦¦'."¦, ¦ • ','?¦¦ <¦ ¦ ¦ . ' ¦¦ .-•- . ¦ ¦ • - ¦ ¦ - . #¦¦ ¦ ¦ *¦ ¦ . •*
BERKELEY." Sept. . 7.— The Pryta
nean Society, an organization of
women students of the Univer
sity of California, has taken up
.. .. ..the .work. of endowing ..quarters'
in the Berkeley Hospital for the free use.
of 111 or Injured college men and women. \
It will be necessary to secure $5000 for-
this purpose, and this the. society.has.un
dertaken with enthusiasm to do. Various
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1901.
entertainments will be -given this year
and next, and members, who are In a po
sition to do so- will contribute -from their
own funds from time to "time, -and Inter
est others who are In a position financial
ly to aid the student hospital fund.
The first entertainment the Prytaneans
will give this term will be a garden fete
In Co-ed Canyon, on one of the early days
In October. The fete will last from 3
o'clock in the afternoon until 10 o'clock in
the evening. Around the oaks in the can
yon will be booths of every sort, presided
over- by pretty ¦ college women. <In the
evening the place will be lighted with
Japanese lanterns hung in rows among
the oak branches and f. from booth to
booth.- . • ¦ • ' -¦¦ ;.
The Prytanean Society Is composed of
the leading members , of . other college
women's organizations. Each Prytanean
has got the members of , her original'so
ciety to furnish a booth for the fete, so
that each sorority and women's club will
be represented and will work for the stu
dents' fund. -.<
The Prytaneans have appointed a stand-
ing committee tc have charge of the "work
this year. This committee will lay the
original plans for all entertainments and
will . bear the brunt-o£ the labor which
air such, affairs bring. The committee
consists of the following named:
Miss Adele Lev.is. : chairman; Miss Grace
"Woods, Miss Elise Wenzelburger. Miss Mary
Jewett and Miss Annie McCleave.
The officers of the committee, who, with
Mrs. A. O. Leuschner and Miss Adele
Lewis/ compose the board of directors,
are as follows:. /
Grace Boggs, president; Mary Jewett, vice
president: Edna Wilde, corresponding secre
tary: Grace Moody, recording secretary; Annie
McCleave. treasurer.. . ....
The following named, are ' the active
members of the society. • each of whom
has pledged herself to work for the cause:
Grace Boggs, Mary Jewett; Eva Bramlet.
Lydia Dozier. ' Elise Wenzelburger, Ann Jen
nings, Eva Powell, Grace Woods. Evelyn
Baugh, Lillian Lowell, Elizabeth 'Herrmann.
Lucile Turner, Inez Shlppee. Alice Wythe. Lil
lian Janes, Adele Lewis. Grace Moody,, Annie
McCleave, Edna" Wilde. Edna Wemple.
32