PRINCE CHUN, WHO AP
PEARED. BEFORE EMPEROR
WILLIAM YESTERDAY.
"If is no joyous or festive occasion, nor
the fulfillment of a simple act of cour
tesy, which brings your Imperial High
ness to me. but a deeply melancholy and
very serious event. My Minister to the
court of the Emperor of China has been
slain in the capital of China by the mur
derous weapons of Chinese soldiers acting
under superior command— an unheard of
crime, which- is branded as Infamous by
international law and the usages of all
nations. From. the mouth. of your Impe
rial Highness I have just received an ex
pression of the deep "regret of the Em
peror.; of China. I readily believe your im
perial brother personally stood aloof from
this crimed and from such acts of violence
against^ " thej/ linviolable legations - and
peaceful foreigners.' All the greater is the
guilt resting on his advisers Govern
ment." .The i latter, must, not delude them
selves "with 'the belief that they are able
to obtain atonement and pardon for their
guilty expiation mission alone. I They will
be "judged by their'- future conduct in'ac
cordance with the laws of nations. If the
Emperor of China ¦ conducts the Govern
ment -, of 'his great "empire henceforth
strictly in the. spirit of these prescrip
tions then will his "hopes be. fulfilled and
the . results of the \ complications !. of the
Emperor William in reply said:
Emperor's Stern. Reply.
"I am in a position to assure your
Majesty that the Emperpr, my most gra
ciousjiiaster, stood aloof from' these com
plications . which brought misfortune
on China and; loss and care upon Ger
many. Nevertheless, in accordance with
the customs of thousands of years, the
Empercr of China has taken the blame
on his own sacred person. I have there
fore the task of expressing to. your Majes
ty the. most cordial; feelings of the Em-,
peror, my Illustrious master, toward your
Imperial Majesty and the whole imperial
family. I hope the passing cloud will ef
fectually intensify the succeeding sun
shine and the mutual friendship of the
two great empires when they understand
the value of each other better."
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
BRUSSELS. Sept. 4.— Ad\'ices from Ka
tanga. Central Africa, report a pitched
battle between twenty-five troops of the
Congo Free State and 200 slave traders,
well arm»d, resulting in the defeat of the
Klave traders and the capture of 150 rifle*
' a.hfi «» lnuneno* quantity of merchandise.
Slave Traders Are Defeated.
PARIS, Sept. 4.— The French , Govern
ment has decided upon the first coercive
measure against | the ¦ Sultan • of : Turkey. .
A decree has been drawn -up and will"
probably "be : signed ; to-morrow, .' expelling
a number of Turkish aerents whose'mis
sion • has been to • spy on the young Turks ;
LONDON, Sept 5.— "The Sultan wired
the Czar Monday," says the Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily , Telegraph, . "beg
ging him to Intervene in the, Constans
dispute.";
SULTAN BEGS THE CZAR
I TO HASTEN INTERVENTION
VALLEJO, Sept. 4.— The contract for
the new stone dock at Mare Island was
signed In Washington to-day by the Sec
retary of the Navy,\ and J notice "thereof
telegraphed to the ; Mare Island authori
ties. Tho statement telegraphed a month
ago that this contract-had been signed
was, an error of an employe of the com
¦pany, the Washington officials and the
dock pecple having , on that date arrived
at an aereement. - . -.
SIGNS THE CONTRACT
FOR MARE ISItA.NI) DOCK
Jerome O'Nei'il, a labor leader, who fa
vored Coler, made the announcement of
the result. With 'nine other ' Coler men he
left the -headquarters, saying they would
appeal to the city." convention 1 of the anti-
Tammany forces".' '_ :
in France. The." list .'• includes several
names well known'in Parisian 'society.:' It
is "also learned .'that I the Sultan-has'tel
egraphed to, Munir Bey. ¦ recalling I him , to
Constantinople^ ! . ; . -:' 7«' : •<-'¦ ':. O '}'/X-.^.\
¦ — /. • ¦
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The committee of
one hundred of the Citizens' Union met
to-night to consider the list of names pre
pared by the committee 'of twelve. at the
meeting last: Thursday. .The "committee
of one hundred finally,, voted on - candi
dates for Mayor and selected John Dewitt
.Warner, 1 : Seth . Low* : George L. Rives and
George F. , Peabody, leaving /out Bird ,S.
Coler, and F. , Morton Goddard as possible
nominees. V " '.'.'¦- ',
NAME THE CANDIDATES
FOR MAYOR OF NEW YORK
The ranch consists of 125,000 acres of
the best land In Montana, of which about
25,000 are under cultivation and upon
which Daly spent millions 'of dollars In
improvements. It is said that Senator
Clark's Intention Is to cultivate sugar
beets on the ranch.
The ranch has been famous the world
over as the former home of such noted
horses as Tammany, Hamburg, Montana,
Ogden, Lux Casta, Ponce de Leon and
many others.
BUTTE. Mont., Sept. 4.— The announce
ment is made that Senator W. A. Clark
is about to become the owner of the cele
brated Bitter Root ranch, -founded and
brought to perfection by the late Marcus
Daly, who was Clark's bitterest business
and political enemy. It is stated that
Mrs. I>aly Is anxious to sell the property,
and Senator Clark has sent an agent to
the ranch to examine it and make a re
port to him as to Its value.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
recommend to the Navy Department that
orders be issued to an officer he will des
ignate to make a final competitive trial
of the wireless telegraph systems in use.
The delay of the department in adopting
a system Is due to the representations
made by Marconi that he was engaged In
developing an invention which would
overcome the Interference of electric
waves, the principal objection raised by
naval experts to his system when experi
ments were conducted on the battleship
Massachusetts two years ago.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.— Action will
be taken by Rear Admiral Bradford, chief
of the Bureau of Equipment, in the' next
few weeks which will result In the early
equipment of American warships with the
wireless telegraphy apparatus.
Rear Admiral Bradford has decided to
Navy Department Will Be
Advised to Adopt a Sys
tem of Wireless Telegraphy
Montana Senator Will Soon
Be Possessor of Marcus
Daly's Bitter Root Estate
The shock- has nearly unsettled .his
reason - and he is held in the ' Pendleton
Jail for safe-keeping. He is 49 years old,
a gambler, and lost his speech after an
attack, of scarlet fever when a child. He
is still unable to hear. Physicians • ex-'
press the belief that his mental faculties
will not suffer permanent harm from the
shock. • ' , ¦ • t ¦
ATHENA, Or., Sept. 4.— Lester Rose,
who has been deaf and dumb for forty
five years, regained his speech to-day.
To tease Him two men crawled upon the
roof of his house and began tearing down
the chimney. Rage took possession of
Rose. He flung his arms about, beat his
breast and tore his hair. Finally he
screamed: "Damn you, come down!"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deaf Mute Suddenly Regains
Use of His Vocal Organs
After Nearly Half-Century
NEW APPARATUS
FOR WARSHIPS
"The Great Emperor of the Chinese Em
pire to His' Majesty "the Great German
Emperor— Greeting: ; *-
"Ever since the empires have been mu
tually represented by permanent legations
we have stood uninterrupted in friendly
relationship with one another, especially
since the visit of Prince Henry, 'whom I
had the privilege of receiving ( frequently
and treating \ with on intimate terms. Un
fortunately in the fifth month of last year
the Boxers \ rebelllo'usly penetrated into
Peking and the soldiers joined them. The
result was the murder of your Majesty's
Minister, Baron von' Ketteler, a man who
as long as he occupied his post at Peking
paid < careful attention to the interests of
cur countries, and to whom we are bound
to pay our special "acknowledgments. \ We
regret most deeply that Baron von Ket
telei met so terrible an end. The fact
that we were not in a position to take
due protective measures ¦. was painful to
our sense of "responsibility.' It was this
feeling of '.; responsibility which ' prompted
us to erect a monument on the spot as a
sign that the . crime should - not, remain
unexpiated. . Further, .we have sent to
Germany I with 'this letter the ..Imperial
Prince Tsun Tsai Song, heading a special
mission. Prince Chun,' our. own. brother;
will assure your Majesty how deeply the
events of. the past year have grieved us
and how deeply feelings of penitence and
shame still "-animate us. : Your^ Majesty
sent: your 'troops from a' far distance,"* put
down the Boxers' • rebellion, and : restored
peace for the welfare of , our. nation. '.We
have therefore commanded ; Prince Chun'
to express personally,to your Majesty. our
thanks for . your "efforts Jn .' promoting
peace. 'We^cherish ¦; the hope ; that' your,
Majesty's indignation will be replaced by
the" old friendship.'! That the , relations be-,
tween our empires will \ be even more ex
tensive and of a more Intimate and benefi
cent character ' than hitherto is 'our firm
assurance." -I; . . ;" . ,- ..'. .' .:'-.
Prince Chun .then aaid: , 'Jj>,(:A:'- ;\.
China's Humble Apology.
BERLIN, . Sept. 4.— Emperor .Wil :
Ham's reception of " the Chinese
mission of expiation, .headed, by
Prince Chun, which took place to
day at Potsdam, was : marked
with all the severity consistent with an
audience' nominally friendly. The Chinese
Imperial "envoy cm entering thiTpalace^was
not: accorded a!. salute'. by the' Garde _du
Corps'. • The • Emperor received _• him - seat
ed. 'The buttons and epaulets of his Ma
jesty's white uniform were enveloped in
crepe. . . . •" '-
Prince Chun bowed thrice on entering
and leaving. Emperor William remained
seated during the reading of the Chinese
address. Afterward, h6wever, he. relaxed
his stern demeanor and welcomed . the
envoy, courteously, and subsequently, ac
companiedby his adjutant, he called upon
Prince Chun at the Orangery. " Later in
the evening the . Emperor, Prince Chun
and a dozen members , of the expiatory
mission took tea- on'; ah island in the
Spree. .
The Emperor had evidently arranged
the .entire ceremony; with a. > view of im
pressing. Prince Chun with' the feeling
that the ceremony meant expiation for a
foul crime and that only through expia
tion had Prince Chun acquired the right
lo be .treated with princely honors. Not
until after the ceremony did the atmos
phere ! change. , "' Then, the troops outside
having saluted and the band having
played, huzzars escorted Prince Chun
back to the Orangery. - ;
The imperial "envoy seemed deeply im
pressed with the solemnity of the occa
sion, and when summoned to the throne
room he showed . visible , emotion. He
towed repeatedly ; while approaching the
throne and Ails voice was agitated while,
he was reading the Imperial address, as
follows:
vorable in tone. One of these came about
a week ago from Mrs. Sampson to Judge
Advocate General Lemly. the admiral's
wife having attended to certain corre
spondence owing to his indisposition.
Mrs. Sampson stated that the admiral
was considerably Improved. The official
reports from the Boston Navy-yard con-
CLARK TO BUY
FAMOUS RANCH
Information as to the condition of Ad
miral Sampson. Some private letters
have been received, however, rather fa-
tary Hackett to-day advised the admiral
that It he will furnish a list of those he
desires to come they •will be brought here
slb rapidly as circumstances permit
The Navy Department has no official
SPEECH COMES
WITH AN OATH
"In your issue of Sunday last there are
such gross misstatements of the condi
tion of Rear Admiral Sampson. that I feel
sure that you will be glad to correct
them. . The rear admiral arrived at Burke
haven Hotel on August 22. He has not
been secluded from, the public for a day,
has been present at every meal at public
table, has had no medical attendance
whatever, has received no call from Sec
retary Hay or the Postmaster General,
has been on the lake or driving several
hours every day since his arrival, has im
proved wonderfully In health and sits on
the hotel veranda smoking cigars and
conversing pleasantly with the patrons of
the house day and evening. He has re
fused to be Interviewed by reporters,
which, I presume, is the cause of such
statements as appeared in the Brooklyn
Eagle and New York Herald oh Sunday
last."
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— The Herald is in
receipt . of the following letter from
George H. Dana, Sunapee Lake, N. H.:
Sampson Is All Right.
- PHILADELPHIA. - 6ept:; : :-",' 4.— Captain
James M. : Fcr'syth," U. ,S. -N.,' re
ceived a letter from Secretary Long re
questing an explanation, of his alleged in
terview, upon the Sampson-Schley con
troversy, which was accredited to him by
a Kansas. City newspaper. The interview
quotes Captain' Forsyth as ' saying the
trouble in naval circles Is due to the fact
that Admiral Sampson was promoted over
the heads of seventeen capable officers
who were his seniors in rank. Captain
Forsyth admitted having received a letter
from the Navy Department, but declined
to speak further for publication.
tlnue to, bear his signature, except when
he is out of -the city.;
ATTORNEYS FOR REAR ADMIRAL.
SCHLEY WHO ARE PREPARING
FOR COURT OF INQUIRY.
There will be no race to-morrow, and'
while the yacht committee held a.meet
ing to-day • no announcement of future
races was made.
The tiandicap at the start seemed to be
due to a lack of smartness aboard the
Constitution" and also to ' the more able
sea jockeying of those in charge of the
Columbia. The Constitution allowed her
self to be forced on the wrong side of the
line and was compelled • to gybe around
short on her heel and then to take ' the
other end of the line, a deadly ; handicap.
This and the splitting of her' balloon jib
topsail certainly lost' her the race. Had
it not been for these mishaps the-Consti
tution would have beaten the Columbia
•by a small margin beyond the 1 minute 11
seconds allowance over the course. •¦ • '
tered In segments aloft, and all hands ha.'l
to do their best to • muzzle, it. -. On the
other hand, the Columbia hauled down
her balloon jib topsail in seamanllke style
and. smartly bending on the spinnaker
halyards, hoisted a reaching jib- topsail
in stops and, breaking it out quickly,
darted across the line a winner. In tak
ing in spinnakers about twenty minutes
before the " finish line was reached the
Constitution's sail got tangled in the
headstay*s and it took several minutes to
get it on deck. While flapping aloft the
balloon jib topsail' had no opportunity to
exert its utmost drawing power. ": At this
time the Columbia's ballooner was doing
most effective work. To smart handling
and excellent judgment the Columbia's
victory to-day was due._ There is no ques
tion that the old mainsail and the altered
headsails of the Constitution,, which' sho
carried to-day, had much to dp with the
improved showing she made.
In heavy puffs when close to the finish
line her. balloon jib topsail split in two
and caused a big tangle aloft. The Co
lumbia was compelled to haul down her
bajlooner at the same time, for the squall
carried away the cringle at the head of
the sail. But the big sail on the Consti
tution refused to be controlled and flut-
NEWPORT. R. I.', Sept." 3.— The Consti
tution sailed a capital race 'to-day against
the Columbia over a- course fifteen miles
to windward and back in^a* breeze whose
force averaged about ¦. eight' knots, Its
greatest^ power being . twelve*- -knots,"-* near
the "finish Hoe-* .V£ei.^liimM<i i .Wfep.;.by-J"f
seconds,-corrected time,; the Constitution
beating her rival boat for. boat over' the
course ori "elapsed" time of 54 seconds. This
does not include' the handicap of 21 sec
onds or more with which the Constitu
tion started. . Had she ¦ not been handi
capped she would have won. -.- On Jhe wind
ward work she gained on the Columbia
32 seconds and also 22 seconds on the run
home before the wind. . .' '.
count of .Bad Handling.
Loses Race With Columbia . on ' Ac-
CONSTITUTION'S POOR RUN.
Subsequently Mr. Nicholl said: "I don't want
any fuss made over this thins or over the cere
mony, and I know you don't You go right
down and order a tailor-made suit and new
bonnet and. some day I will- come for you Just
And I said: "Well, as I have no home, 1
think it would be as well for me to marry
you." and then he said: . (
"You will marry me?" and I said "Yes,"
and then he embraced me.
I said:. -"Yes; I had thought so for some
time, but as I had not ever thought of marry
ing in- my life and had not a dollar in the
world to bring a man, I had put the thought
away from me."
And Mr. Nicholl said: "Weil, what do you
think of it now?"
I replied ""What Is that." ar.d he said: "I
am going to marry you, that is if you will
let me," and I said "Yes."
He said: "Didn't you know that I wanted
to marry you?"
On November 10, 1893, Mr. Nicholl came for
me parly In the afternoon to go out to tails
over something. This was in. fulfillment of a
promise that. I had made to him on the pre
vious day. While -we were driving around
toward the hills Mr. Nicholl said to me:
"Jane, do you know what I am going to do
with you, that is. if you will let me?**
• Asks Her to Marry Him.
This lonely old man asked his sprightly
cousin to become his wife. He was in need
of a companion although his two unmar
ried daughters, Miss Mary Nicholl and
Miss Hester Nicholl, had been very good
to their father, trying to occupy their
dead mother's place at the . beautiful
home, 1351 Fourth avenue. The story of
the engagement was told by Miss Hodge
In the following narrative, a portion of
her testimony when she was called upon
to give a deposition before the trial:
"With the news of the settlement inter
est has been revived in the long fight
which waged between the contending pair.
The rich landowner who counts his acres
by thousands and his city blocks by a
score, being worth half a million, was 75
years old when he won Miss Hodge. She
was well along in life, having touched 48
years when the widower came to her
home and offered his hand In marriage.
"JIarry Mr. Nicholl now? No, indeed.
not after the way he made a fool of me.
"I am very glad of this opportunity to
make public the close of the litigation,
for with the end of it to-day I feel that
my friends will understand that I was In
no sense mercenary in my contest"
Attorney George W. Reed, when asked
about . the compromise, said: "I shall
neither affirm nor deny In the matter, as
it is a subject not within my province to
discuss."
V 'I instructed my attorneys so. to ar
range any settlement which might be of
fered by Mr. Nicholls. Yesterday I signed
the papers and that Is the end of it.
Did Not Want His Money.
• "I replied." continued Miss Hodge, "that
I had never sued him for the sake of
money. That* his money was not what I
wanted. It was a vindication of my char
acter that I sought, and this the Jury
had given in its verdict. I told Mr. Nich
oll further that if he desired to end this
contest he could the expense to
which I had been put and that would end
it all. Not a dollar would I receive from
him in any other way.
•."•Jane." said Mr. Nicholl to me, *I want
to end this litigation and settle up with
you.' " So said Miss Hodge yesterday aft
ernoon.
"Within two weeks the aged defendant
decided to make a personal effort to close
the chapter of lovemaking and lawing
that had been tangled about his wooing
of bis cousin. He drove over to her resi
dence at 21 lister avenue and was for
mally received. «
This termination of the celebrated case
of Hodge versus Nicholl has awakened
much interest in the affairs of the two
parties who fought to the end the trial
which ended in a Jury's verdict of $25,
000 In favor of Miss Hodge. Subsequently
Judge Ogden granted a new trial of the
case upon a technicality. From that de
cision Attorneys Reed & Nusbaumer, in
behalf of Miss"Hodge, started an appeal.
Aged John Nicholl, the wealthy • East
Oakland capitalist, has settled the breach
of promise suit in 'which he 'was made de
fendant by his spinster cousin. Miss Jane
Hodge. With an appeal hanging fire in
the Supreme Court, the rich landowner
and his relative yesterday compromised
the'Tltigatlon, closing the battle which
has been waging between them for nearly
three years. Miss Hodge declare* that
she has been vindicated, and that is all
the interest she has in the settlement.
The lawyers concerned, with professional
care, refuse to talk about this unexpect
ed turn in the case. The •plaintiff was
very willing, however, to announce that
she had settled upon a basis altogether
satisfactory to herself, namely that all of
the expense she had been under in seek
ing to have herself placed in a proper
light before her friends had been assumed
by Mr. Nicholl, and that she had not ac
cepted a dollar from her former admirer
as punitive damages.
It was. decided that there is not suffi
cient time left in which to' overcome what
they . term .. the Constitution's . "cranki
ness." .J .-.. *
The World is informed oh the same ex
cellent authority ¦ that . members of ' the
cup committee frankly believe the com
ing series of races with the- Shamrock II
will be very close, but the Columbia's im
proved form and the splendid work of her
crew inspire them with .confidence that
she will successfully defend the. cup.
The cup committee, after several days
of serious debate and after a most care
ful and critical analysis of all the facts
and conditions finally came to the con
clusion that it would be unsafe to choose
the Constitution. . .. "¦ : ."¦¦ .
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The World
says: 3Trom- a private source which
is» most reliable the -World learns that
the Columbia has been chosen to de
fend the America's : cup. In conse
quence of this decision there will bs
no race to-morrow. . '•'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nothing More Will Lady Accept and
Famous Breach, of Promise Suit .
Ends With Plaintiff Claim
ing Vindication.
It Is Frankly Believed That the Com
ing Series of Races With the Sham
rock" II Will Be, the Closest
Sailed for the Trophy.
Man Who, She Alleges, Broke
Promise to Wed Her
No Time Left to > Overcome
the "Crankiness" of the
New Yacht.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N» W.. WASHINGTON^ D. C,
Sept. 4.— Rear Admiral Schley i and
his counsel have determined upon
the course of. procedure they
will pursue during the hearing of the
naval court of Inquiry, which will begin
next -week. Already there has been pre
pared a. narrative of the campaign
¦which ended with the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet, comprising more than 50,
«» words. This narrative contains the
views of every officer who will be called,
eo far as known by the department and
by Schley,. Counsel for Schley will thus
be able to anticipate the statements that
will be made by witnesses, and to con
duct the examination or cross-examina
tion in such a way as to make a favor
able Ehowing for their client or minimize
the effect of damaging testimony.
Schley Requests Witnesses.
Schley has made a request of the Navy
l>epartment that a number of witnesses
vrhom he expects to call before the
court of Inquiry be brought to Washing
ton at this time in order to permit of
conferences between them and counsel.
In response to this request Acting' Secre-
Committee Decides It Is
Unsafe to Enter the ¦
Constitution.
Spinster Compromises
Mr. NicholL
Suit Against Aged
Prince Chun, China's Special > Representa
tive, Has an Audience With Emperor
William and Apologizes for Foul Crime
Decide Upon a Course of Procedure, Anticipate the Statements of
All the Important Witnesses and Prepare a Narrative of the
Campaign Which Ended in the Destruction of Cervera's Fleet
MISS HODGE
SPURNS COIN
OF DECEIVER
COLUMBIA
TO BE CUP
DEFENDER
ADMIRAL SCHLEY AND COUNSEL
PREPARE TO CONTEST DAMAGING
EVIDENCE AT COURT OF INQUIRY
MAKES ATONEMENT
FOR THE MURDER
OF VON KETTELER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 19012
VOLUME XC-NOi 96*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 4.— The case of
D. W. Martin, the merchant was was ac
cused of having sold poisoned wheat to
H. J. Tentholtz, who thereby lost a
number of Belgian hares, was dismissed
this morning by Recorder Murray. There
was no evidence to sustain the charge.
No Evidence Against Martin.
SEATTLE. Sept. 4.— The Southeastern
"Alaska steamship lines from Sezrttle, Van
couver and Victoria, entered into a com
bine, to be known as the Alaska Steam
ship Association, to-day for the purpose
of maintaining tariff rates between Puget
Sound and i British Columbia ports and
those of Southeastern Alaska,
Combine of Steamship Lines.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 4.— The Inves
tigation K into the loss of the steamer Isl
ander began to-day. A number of wit
nesses were examined. The pilot told
practically the same story as given in In
terviews, denying all reports that he and
the captain were under the Influence of
liquor. Mate Neurotsos, Watchman Ward,
Chief Engineer Brown^ee and other engi
neers. Purser Bishop and Quartermaster
Ferry gave evidence. Most of them de
nied the charges that the master and pilot
were intoxicated.
Islander Inquiry Begins.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 4.— The body of
Charles Brunty, a well known' musician
of this city, was found in the brush a
quarter of a mile northeast of the Ba
kersfleld Iron Works and east of Panama
Slough this afternoon by James Barton,
a laborer In the employ of the Sunset
Railroad Company. It Is believed by Cor
oner Buckreus, who Investigated the case,
that Brunty crawled into the brush six
•weeks ago, during the extremely hot
weather, and, being overcome by the heat,
perished. .
Found Dead In the Brush.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 4.— Ths
American Beet Sugar Company's factory
at Chino has closed down, throwing: ' 400
men out of work. The beet season Is at
Its height, but Superintendent Hamilton
of the sugar factory claims that it was
forced to close by the failure of the beets
to ripen. It Is generally believed among
the beet growers at Chino that the. reduc
tion in the price of sugar has reduced
the profits in the factory to a minimum
and necessitated economy. All of the beets
are now being shipped to the factory at
Oxnard.
Chino Sugar Factory Closes.
"If by any possibility the directors should re
fuse to act as instructed, I will call for volun
teers and will contribute my crop from a thou
sand acres of vineyard as a leader to smash
-prices. Without a strong association the raisin
market would, at once revert to Its former
wretched condition, a source of worry and loss
both to the grower and to the trade; therefore
no good can come by not fighting this question
out to a finish now."
There appears to be but one opinion In New
York uson the effect of President Kearney a
threat to make the price of raising 2 cents^ a
pound "in the sweat box. This opinion Is tnat
Kearney has demoralized the market for some
time to come. Trade here will look entirely
to the coast for guidance before taklnj hold of
the new crop. Kearney acknowledged tc your
correspondent that he had smashed the marKet.
and that to do so had been his Intention, ile
also states that he has little hope from nis
advices of the association continuing thla year.
• The following dispatch has been re
ceived from M. Theodore Kearney, presi
dent of ther Raisin Growers' Association:
The following will appear to-morrow morn
ln? In the Eastern t»ade papers:
"It has been teleeraDhed from Fresno that
the growers refuse to deliver a pound of rais
ins on a 2-cent basis*. There are a few pack
ers on the outside that make statement 3 and
are anxious to see the association go to pieces
so that they may secure business. But these
men are comparatively Irresponsible financially
and what they may say will have little weight
with those who know. The 'Independent pack
ers, members of. the Packers' Company, have
recently bousht some six hundred cars of old
crop and naturally they fear a less under the
present circumstances. - -
"It remains to be seen whether they will take
a broad-minded view of the case, and. by help
ing all they can to get the leases signed, save
themselves loss and put the Industry on a solid
foundation, or whether they will see only the
'Impending loss on this purchase and Join hands
with the enemy of the association. If they
choose the latter course It will not save the
market, for the directors have absolute power
to control more than half the crop under the old
contracts and can put a Sheriffs officer In every
vineyard to enforce the rights of the associa
tion. They were instructed by an almost unani
mous vote of the members at the last annual
election to cut the life out of prices if the out
siders refused to come In and they accepted tha
instructions in good faith.
FRESNO, Sept. 4.— A special to th© Re
publican from the Journal of Commerce,
New York, in regard to the raisin market
in the East says:
Has Little Hope of the Sur
vival of the Growers'
Association.
President of . the Raisin
Combine Smashes
Market.
KEARNEY MAKES
GOOD HIS THREAT
past year will be overcome, and between
Germany and China, as formerly,. peaceful
and friendly relations will again prevail^
In the sincere wish that this may be so,
I bid your Imperial Highness welcome."
Solemnity of the' Ceremonial..
The entire manner N of Emperor Wil
liam was calculated to impress Prince
Chun with, the solemnity. of the ceremo
nial. He spoke emphatically and serious
ly, emphasizing: particularly the word
'/civilized." .
The ceremony lasted only ten minutes.
In the meantime six Chinese dignitaries
of the highest rank, who were halted in
the anteroom, remained there perfectly
motionless ¦ and speechless,, awaiting
Prince Chun's return with evident anx
iety. Prince Chun retired backward from
the throne, bowing profusely.- ¦
According to the Lokal " Anzeiger the
Chinese envoy will •, breakfast to-morrow
with the Emperor and Empress. -
¦ TJiere ,was apparently, little public in
terest in the mission among the people of
Berlin. A small but undemonstrative
crowd watched Prince Chun driving in
the park. y
v Continued From Page One.
Carnegie's Gift to Riverside.
RIVERSIDE. Sept. 4.— Andrew Carnegie
has given this city $20,000 for a library.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 4.— E. C. Du
chesney, assistant general superintendent
of the Pacific division of the Canadian
Pacific Railroad, was killed this morning
by a falling rock at tunnel No. 1L The
timber In the tunnel had caught fire and
Duchesney was superintending the work
of putting out the flames. Duchesney
was 47 years of ape and is survived by a
widow and four children.
Railway Official Meets Death.
MAKES ATONEMENT FOR MURDER.
Before she came to Oakland . several
years ago Miss Hodge was a, telegraph
operator in the employ of the Western
Union Telegraph Company in Oregon and
in Nevada. Her home here has been with
an aunt, Mrs. R. A. Boyd.
He always insisted that Miss Hodge had
formally released him from his promise
after the • insistent objections of the
daughters were interposed. But the lady
as- solemnly declared that she had not
freed her fiance and had always been
ready to become his bride.
And they did not consent, and their pro
tests were strong enough to break the
match. So Miss Jane Hodge did not be
come the "Duchess of Richmond." Nich
oll owned many acres at the Santa Fe
terminal of Richmond and had long been
known, because of his possessions, as the
"Duke of Richmond."
The Jilted woman then sought the
courts. There was no denial of the en
gagement, but in his answer Nlcholl de
clared that the promise to marry Miss
Hodge was based upon the provision that
fhe should obtain his daughters' consent
to the union, and he added that his Ne
mesis had threatened to be revenged upon
him if his daughters did not give their
consent
Then Miss Hodge told about her aged
lover's refusal to wed her. when- a month
later sha asked him what day would be
set.
Daughters Make Protest.
as I have to-day, and we will go quietly away
to San Jose and be married."
Continued From Page One.
MONTEREY, Sept. 4.— News comes here
from Pleyto that three boys of the Bird
haven district captured a full grown wild
cat with a lasso on the road near the
Birdhaven Bchool house on Thursday last.
The boys are Rosamel and Dolores Sala
zar and Petronilo Nunez, and are all un
der 12 years of age. Dolores Salazar, who
is only 20 years old, threw the rope over
the beast's neck and held- it fast while
the Nunez boy fastened its feet with an
other rope. In this way they took the
cat back to the schcolhouse, where it was
killed. It measured two feet nine Inches
from tip to tip.
Boys Lasso a Wildcat.
MISSHODGESPB DECEIVER COIN
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 4.— It Is cur
rently reported that the new survey of the
International boundary line will leave the
greater part of the town of Blalne, Wash.,
on the Canadian side. Color has been
given to this story by the fact -that the
Canadian survey party at present defin
ing the boundary line is now working in
the Sumas prairies region, and some one
has discovered that if the Canadian divid
ing lines continued they would, show part
(i Blaine to be in Canada.
Canada May Gain a Town.
STANFORD UNI » jSRSITY. Sept. 4.—
The large pipe organ which Is to be placed
In the Stanford Memorial Church arrived
at the university to-day, and a force of
men under the superv -:ion of E. Spencer,
«prho superintended its erection in the Me
chanics' Pavilion In tan -Tancisco a few
weeks apo. began the task of unloading
It from the cars. The organ was the de
light of thousands who attended the Ep
worth League convention, and its fine
tones and exquisite workmanship drew
forth the praises of musicians and critics
on all sides. It Is of particular interest
because of its being a California produc
tion, having been made in Los Angeles.
The price paid for It was $15,500.
Stanford's Pipe Organ Arrives.
DOORSTEP WAIF FALLS
HEIR TO AN ESTATE
Toundling Is Remembered in the
Will of a Seattlo Hotel
Proprietor.
SEATTLE. r S«?pt. 4.— Three years" ago,
when a small baby, Melba Washburn was
deserted on a doorstep. To-day she is one
of the heirs of the estate of Oliver P.
Barker, the late proprietor of the Barker
Hotel on First avenue. Barker's death
occurred yesterday afternoon.
Oliver Barker found an infant on his
doorstep. - The little one was taken Into
the house and remained as one of the
household until the death of Mrs. Barker,
which occurred some time ago. The
Washburns adopted the little girl; but
she still remained the idol of Barker'3
heart. When he died yesterday afternoon
It was ascertained that he left consider
able property to the little girl, and pro
vided that she be given a liberal educa
tion. I
SAN JOSE,. Sept. • Newby,
who recently. \ brought suit to have the
California Cured Fruit Association ; en
joined from expending money to erect a
warehouse in Santa Clara, tq-day filed an
amended complaint. The court is asked
to restrain "the Cured Fruit Association
from using any money derived. from the
sales of prunes in erecting~a warehouse.
An accounting of all moneys received by
the association is asked for.
Files an Amended Complaint.
Electric Power for Marin.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 4.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day sold a fifty-year fran
chise for the erection of poles and wire
along the highways of its county to the
Central California Gas and Electric Pow
er Company. The company paid $250 for
the franchise. There, were no other bid
ders. To-day's developments mean that
this county will shortly be supplied with
almost unlimited electric power. The
company will begin work Immediately.
twenty years, and that it waa solely a
matter of administration.
The plan to be discussed at the forth
coming convention provides for the divi
sion of the country Into seven provinces.
Each province r.ill have an Archbishop at
its head, and the! Archbishops In turn will
elect a Metropolitan, who will be the.ex
ecutive and constitutional leader of the
Episcopal church in America.
The proposed provinces will be consti
tuted as follows: t
- New England and New York— Eleven dio
ceses.
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Mary
land, District of Columbia— Nine dioceses. •
Virginia, West Virginia, j North and South
Carolina. -Georgia, Florida — Eight dioceses and
two missionary districts. .
Alabama,- Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Ok
lahoma,; Arkansas. ; Tennessee and Kentucky-
Nine dioceses and two missionary districts. ,
Ohio'.: Indiana, Illinois, Michigan and Wiscon
sin — Twelve dioceses. y
Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska
(Including: that portion of - Wyoming lylngr in
the district of Laramle),' North and South Da
kota—Six dioceses and four missionary dis
tricts.
. Montana, Idaho, Washington, Oregon, Cali
fornia, Nevada. Utah, Colorado, Arizona, New-
Mexico and Alaska— Four dioceses and nine
missionary districts. .
The Archbishop, under, the new regime,
would be the tangible head in every sec
tion, but his powers, prerogatives and
duties would be, definitely set forth, both
by canon law snd by long precedent, in
the church at large, and in particular in
other : branches of the Anglican com
munion. The new plan aims to take many
ideas from the Church of England. If the
proposed plan is accepted by the conven
tion It is expected that the primate of the
whole American church .will be the ven
erable Bishop of Rhode Island, the senior
Archbishop of the church.
The convention will also discuss the
status of the Anglican church in Hawaii
and the duties of the church toward the
new American possessions. Bishop Willis
of Hawaii is expected to be present. He
was appointed by the Church of England
as Bishop of Hawaii, and since the an
nexation has remained at his post. His
supporters desire that he should remain in
Hawaii, while his opponents are anxious
that the diocese should be annexed to the
Episcopal church of the United States.
The matter is one that has caused many
heartburnings in .Hawaii among Episco
pal church members, and it is hoped' that
the subject will be amicably settled at
the convention. *
An important, matter to be settled by
the convention is that of selecting a new
name for the church. Its present title,
"The Protestant Episcopal Church of the
United States of America," is considered
by many to be unsuitpd, both inmeaning
and in length. ,In a recent issue of the
Living Churchman prominent clergy and
laity ot the church submitted their views
on the subject and also proposed names
for the one now in use. .
Expect Many Delegates to Attend.
It is expected that more than 600 dele
gates, lay and clerical, w,ill be present at
the general convention. ,
Among thosa who will journey to San
Francisco will be the Right Rev. Samuel
Cook Edsall. Bishop of North Dakota and
"diocesan-elect { to Minnesota. He is the
Grand Missionary Bishop of North Dako
ta and has achieved remarkable results in
his work in that State. He is by birth
and training a Western man. His father
was a prominent lawyer of Illinois and at
one time was Attorney General of the
State. Bishop Edsall was designed, for
the bar and studied law In his father's
office, but he abandoned the law and en
tered the church. He graduated from the
Western" Theological Seminary in 1886 and
was ordained a priest in 1889. His first
and only parisn was St. Peter's, In Chi
cago, which he founded as a mission, but
it soon expanded until it -became one of •
the strongest parishes in the State of Il
linois. His success as a clergyman marked
him for ecclesiastical preferment, and in
1898 the general convention appointed him
Bishop. of his present diocese.. The dio-'
cese is one of the largest in' the country:
He has built churches, schools, missions
and hospitals In every section of his vast
jurisdiction. The call to become Bishop
Coadjutor of Minnesota .was heard with
regret by the people of North Dakota,
but they realized that their beloved Bish
op was stepping upward in his calling.^ ,
Bishop Edsall ranks as one of the lead
ers of the younger generation -.of Bishops.
Accompanied by a large delegation from
North Dakota, Bishop Edsall is expected
to arrive in. San Francisco in the course
of a few days. - •, ¦ -."* -. i"t: . ..--;¦
A special I tram bearing a large) number
of Eastern Bishops and lay delegates will
leave New York City on September 20 and
arrive in this city on the morning of Octo
ber 1, The party will be in charge of C.
L. Hutching-s, secretary .. of - the General
Episcopal Convention. There will be 125
persons on the train. The route will be
via Buffalo, Chicago, Minneapolis and
Portland. 1 . The train will.be named "the
Bishops' special." and will include a bag
gage car, a diner and six. Pullmans.
Weds at Age of Eighty-Four.
SEATTLE. Sept. 4;— J. N. Perkins, aged
84, and Eloise Antoinette Volstette, aged
63, were, married here to-day.-,
masked men held up the guests of
Kaiser's Hotel at Eholt last night. Their
booty aggregated $400 in cash, three gold
watches, a diamond breast pin, a diamond
ring, and other jewelry. Eight persons
were robbed. The robbers also took four
bottles of champagne and some whisky
and beer. , \ :
Robbers Hake a Rich Hani in Cash,
Jewelry, Champagne and
Whisky. .
GREENWOOD, B. C, Sept. 4.— Three
HOTEL IS INVADED
BY MASKED BANDITS
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 4.— William Brown
of the Tamalpais Sportsmen's Club to
day appeared before the Supervisors and
asked that they repeal the ordinance
lately passed whereby the quail season
is not opened until the 15th of next month.
Mr. Brown wanted the season to open, as
provided by the State law, two weeks
earlier. If the season is to be 'shortened
it should be done at the latter end, when
the birds are hardly lit for food. Brown's
efforts were seconded by County Treas
urer T. J. Fallon, who said that the birds
matured much earlier here than in other
counties.
The proposed action will meet with
hearty approval by the people of this
county.
The board took the matter under ad
visement.
Club Appears Before Harin
County Supervisors.
William Brown of the Tamalpais
WANT EARLIER SEASON
FOR QUAIL SHOOTING
I Archdeacon' Emery explained ' yesterday
that the division of the country into pro
livinces had been. discussed- for the, past
Plan to Simplify '.Church Work.
. Another ' important question to ¦ be de
cided at the convention is that of . divid
ing the United States into provinces and
establish over each province an Arch
bishop as the head of the church in that
section. This natter has. not been urged,
by the ritualists,' as has. been extensively!
stated in the East in the.' past few
months. •
Marriage is a solemn contract and should be
so considered .; when - entered ; into. '¦-., The strict
letter of the marriage ceremony of our church
should be upheld and persons who marry should
realize that it is "for better. or worse, for
richer or for poorer, In sickness or in health,
until death do us part" '. (
It may be argued that the prohibition of re
marriage of divorced persons would work hard
ships in - many cases. I .do ' not agree with
those who argue that way. Prohibition of re
marriage , of divorced persons means a 'safe
guard to womanhood and the Episcopal church
is ready and , willing to place that safeguard
around women. Most divorces in this country
are due to hasty or ill-advised marriages. If
it were the universal : law that' no divorced
person could remarry during the lifetime of
the other party to the divorce It . would -have
the tendency to make parents hesitate before
giving their daughters in marriage to men
whose only qualification is the possession of
estate or money. : : -
The number of divorces In America is in
creasing and is appalling. The • ease i with
which divorces are granted robe marriage of
all solemnity. I have- heard a well-educated
young woman say previous to ! her marriage
that in the event of not getting along with
her husband she could easily secure a divorce.
Frank H. Miller will submit a minority
report, providing for the remarriage of an
innocent party to a divorce granted for
infidelity.
Rev. John A. Emory, venerable arch
deacon of the diocese of California, in
speaking of tue proposed "canon, stated
yesterday" that every right thinking man
and woman would favor the . prohibition
of the remarriage of divorced persons.
He said:
That, in their opinion, no successful action
can be had in amending the constitution of the
United States so as to make uniform the law
of marriage and divorce In the United States,
but the only practicable way toward securing
such uniformity should be sought through ! the
enactment of similar lawa by th© several
States. , . : .- '
With reference to the resolution re
ferred to the committee looking to an
amendment of the constitution of the
United States so as to provide for Con
gressional actipn making uniform the law
of marriage and divorce in the United
States, the committee will report as fol
lows:
TH vorces - Are on the Increase.
No minister 'shall solemnize & marriage be
tween any two persons unless nor until by In
quiry lie shall have satisfied himself that
neither person haa been or Is the husband or
the wife of any other person then living:,, un
less the former marriage was annulled by a
decree of some civil court of competent Juris
diction for cause existing before such former
marriage. ' -
No person divorced for "Cause arising after
marriage, and marrying again during the life
time of the other party to the < divorce, . shall
be admitted to baptism or confirmation or re
ceived to the holy communion, except when
penitent and separated from', the other party
to the subsequent marriage, or when peni
tent and in immediate danger of death; but
this canon shall not apply ' to the Innocent
party to a divorce for the cause of adultery.
Delegate Stetson of New York intro
duced the resolution at the last general
convention bv which' the special commit
tee was brought into existence. The pro
posed canon to be reported to the con
vention, after defining matrimony and
stating what marriages are prohibited on
the ground of Impediment of consanguin
ity, says:
The committee on marriage and divorce
that will report to the general convention
consists of Rev. Morgan Dix (chairman),
Rev. Drs. Hoffman of New York, Daven
port of Tennessee, Mann of West Mis
souri, Fulton of Pennsylvania, Eccleston
of Maryland, Messrs. Lewis of Pennsyl
vania, Stetson of New York, Miller of
Georgia, Stanley of Washington, Light
ner of Minnesota and Bradford of Dela
ware. Rev. F. Lobdell of 'Western New
York, wno died In the fall of 1899, was a
member of the committee.
The prohibition of the remarriage of
divorced persons has for some years re
ceived the careful attention of the lead
ers of the Episcopal church, and there
was but little opposition in the conven
tion of 1898 to the resolution calling for
the appointment of a special committee
to consider the question. The committee,
consisting of clergy and laity, after a
number of sessions, decided by a vote of
11 to 1 to report at the forthcoming con
vention in favor of such prohibition. At
the present time the Episcopal church
permits the remarriage of an innocent
party to a divorce obtained on the ground
of Infidelity, but the vast Increase in the
number of divorces in this country; for
many reasons has created alarm in the
minds of church leaders.
members of the general conven
tion of the Protestant Episcopal Church
of the United States that, meets in this
city next : m6nth.
The proposed canon will be submitted
by the committee on marriage and divorce
appointed at the general convention held
In 1898, the committee consisting of. thir
teen prominent members of the church.
POSITIVE prohibition of the re
marriage of divorced persons will
be the . most important subject
that will be discussed by the
Holmes Is about 35 years of age. When
brought to the Jail he had 70 cents in his
pocket. .. - *>~. ¦
Miss Fife's parents removed to Palo
Alto this week, but they had not been In
their new home more than a few hours
before Holmes appeared there. He en
gaged a room across the street and
watched night and day for the young
lady. As she failed to appear he called at
her home and demanded to see her. This
led to his arrest.
Holmes became madly infatuated with
Miss Fife, a granddaughter of Millionaire
Luning, in San Francisco. He followed
the young lady about and tried to obtain
an introduction.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 4. — Because of his mad
infatuation for a young lady. Dr. Holmes,
who claims to be a regular practitioner
and a man of means, was lodged in the
County Jail to-day to serve a term of
twenty days for disturbing the peace. He
Is believed to be insane and probably will
be committed to Agnews.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Cotton- Belt has offered a reward
of $1800 for the robbers and the express
company 10 per cent of all money re
covered. All the posses have been re
called to Texarkana and pursuit Is now
confined strictly to thi9 nlace.
TEX ARK ANA, Ark., Sept 4.-The six
men who^ held up the Cotton Belt pas
senger train at Eylau, "Tex., last night
are still at large. The robbers evidently
rode their horses up Aiken Creek and left
: them standing in the stream. They then
used a handcar and went five miles north,
as the handcar was found near where the
train was stopped. After looting the mail
and express cars the robbers returned to
the creek, mounted-their horses and again
rode down the stream, thus obliterating
their trail. It is said the entire haul was
$50,000.
To-night the posses returned here, hav
ing called the bloodhounds from the
track. - It has been discovered that the
robbers secured one bag of sold which
required the combined efforts of two men
to carry from the express car to the en
gine. The through safe was dynamited.
While the dogs were trailing it is said
was learned to place the guilty
persons, who are believed to be from
Texarkana, one being a man, the re
mainder boys. The arrest of the leader
is looked for hourly -. ¦ ¦.'
ONE OF THE YOUNGEST BISHOPS ;OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH
WHO WILL TAKE PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE GENERAL
CONVENTION TO BE HELD HERE IN OCTOBER.
San Franciscan Is Sent
to the Santa Clara
County Jail.
The Santa Cataiina Band gives concerts
in the pavilion afternoon -and evening.
To-morrow night the Tuesday Literary
Club will hold a reception in the pavilion.
Friday will be commercial travelers' day.
when the knights of the grip will take
possession of the exposition building and
greet their friends from all parts of the
State.
Surprising results are manifest in the
pavilion In the way of completing the dis
plays and the general effect of the expo
sition is striking. From now on a large
nightly attendance is looked for, and it
is believed that the receipts at the pa
vilion will far exceed those of previous
years. The Chinese exhibit, installed un
der the direction of Consul General Ho
Yow of San Francisco, is proving an at
tractive novelty. The general art display
Is up to the standard of excellence at
tained by that department under Artist
Stanton's management. The ambitious
efforts of amateurs have been somewhat
subordinated, It is true, but not to the
detriment of the collection as a whole.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Local parlors
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West held a reception at the pavilion to
night and the event attracted hundreds
of visitors, taking on the nature of a gen
eral reunion.
Pavilion at the State
Fair.
Pleasing Reunion Takes Place in the
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
GIVE A RECEPTION
Arkansas Robbers Are
Burdened With Rich
Spoils. -
BAGS OF GOLD
IN THE LOOT
Citizens of Guaymas have appealed to
the Governor of Sonora to send troops
back to the Yaqui country to hold the In
dians In check. The people of Santa Rosa
are thoroughly alarmed and expect an at
tack at any moment. This settlement Is
close to Guaymas and the Yaquis show
great boldness in going so near the center
of population- after the strenuous war
fare which was waged to drive them back
and hold them upon the lands in the
Yaqui Valley.
The Yaquis are .emboldened by the re
moval ¦ of the Mexican troops not long
ago. Recently storms in -the Yaqul/Val
ley destroyed the. homes of many Indians
and 'drove them to the**: mountains." A
large number • of. them were reported
drowned by floods which spread over the
valley. " •
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 4.— A renewal of
the -Yaqur warfare in Sonora, Mexico,
seems' imminent. El Correo de Sonora, a
daily paper Qublished in Guaymas, which
was received to-day, says that 100 Yaquls
were seen at Santa Rosa. They had
driven off cattle and horses belonging to
ranchers. . No outrages have been report
ed, but settlers are afraid that the Yaquls
are preparing for. an attack upon them,'"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Upon learning the news Mrs. Airolo
took a gun and tried to 6hoot herself, but
was prevented by her brother. A short
time afterward she asked for a glass of
¦whisky. While It was being procured she
mixed a powder In a glass of water and
swallowed it. She then told them she had
taken poison, but a physician was called
and succeeded In saving her life. ' She
now declares she will kill herself as soon
as she is able to get out.
ANGELS CAMP. Sept- 4.— As a sequel
to the accidental shooting and death of
Leo Cordes of Carson on Sunday after
noon Mrs. John Airolo, who wounded
Ccrdes while firing at a target, attempted
suicide last night. She had not heard of
the death of Cordes, which occurred in
San Francisco on Monday, night Yes
terday her sister learned of it and left
for the ranch to tell Mrs. Airolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DISTURBS PEACE
OF AN HEIRESS
SEATTLE, Sept! * 4.— The steamship
Dolphin* which arrived this morning
from . Alaska, had passengers aboard
whose aggregate holdings In bank drafts,
currency, etc., aggregated more than
$1,000,000. The Berrys, the Stanleys and
others of rich-claim fame were in the
list. The report at Skaguay'when the
train brought these Dawsonltes In was
that the aggregate of holdings in paper
would reach $1,500,000. The Alaskan
states that it was the richest load of
Klondikers from the interior this year.
Their number was small, but their total
wealth great.
There were fourteen In the party, in
cluding C. J. Berry, the "king- of the
Klondike": William Stanley, one of tne
first to bring wealth via St. Michael' to
Seattle and let the world know -of the
wondrous strike: S. L. Stanley and
wife: A. H. Stevenson and wife; C.
Dearing, J. B. Coates, William Gooa
. night, W. P. Murphy, J. P. Friend, . Miss
Odigard and Miss M. Smith. . .
Purser MeClinton. reports a bitter rate
war prevailing between Dawson and
White Horse. The steamers of the
White Pass and Yukon Company and tfie
steamer Clifford Sifton are the princi
pals In the competition, and have cut
rates to such an extent that there ¦ Is
scarcely any profit in the traffic. •
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
Declares She Will End Her
Life Because of the
Tragedy.
Tribesmen Are Emboldened
by Withdrawal of Mex
"• ican Troops.
Its' Aggregate Wealth Is Es
timated "at* a Million
and a Half. *
Rich Party of Fourteen
Returns From the
Gold-Fields.
Sonora.
in the State of
Fears of Another Rising 1
Woman Who Killed Leo
Oordes Attempts
Suicide.
REMORSE MAKES
HER SEEK D EATH
DOLPHIN LANDS
KLONDIKE KINGS
YAQUI INDIANS
AGAIN RAIDING
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
The General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church
of This Country Will Consider Some Very Grave Ques
tions That Bear Directly on the Sanctity of Home Circle
MAY PROHIBIT MARRI AGE
OF PERSONS DIVORCED
COPENHAGEN. Sept. 4.— Kins Edward
will arrive here next Sunday. ; Emp«ror
Nicholas is expected to stay until Tues
day. '¦-.-¦- > ¦ . • -
NAPA, Sept. 4.— Henry H. Thompson of
Napa and Miss. Maud Z. Scrlbner of Ber
ryessa Valley were married here. this aft
ernoon. Mr. Thompson i is Napa's City
Clerk, and his bride is a daughter of the
late T. S. Scrioner. •
Napa's City Clerk "Weds.
CONCEPCION, Chile, Sept. 4.— Later
information in regard to the British bark
Collesle, from Newcastle, N. S. "W., July
9 for Valparaiso, which was recently lost
off Coicoi Point, shows . that the captain
and five of the crew were drowned ami.
that the rest were saved.
Captain and Five Men Drowned.
2
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
..The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for ™ ~\Dt the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its owiraoerits.
NABER. ALiF3 & BROTJE. Amenta.
S23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars. >
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av«.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office* 1OO-+ Marlcst Str»«t.
Telephone — South 42O,
A WelManndered Shirt
Is on© or the slgma of a well-dressed man—
without It all other signs fall. Ton can
always carry this sign If you patronlza
the. United States Laundry. "W* launder
shirts perfectly, and all other linen as
well. You will find that your linen will
wear longer, also. If you send It to us.
Just try it.
No saw edges. .. I i
Positively cured by thes©
Littlo Pills.
They also'Telieye distress from_Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heart*
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They,
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. -Small Dose.
Small Price.
SIGOEADAGHE
Buy lota $10 op: cottages built by Meeksr. $21
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free-, saw*
mill, depot, store, post of See at camp: board
•nd lodging IS; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
OWN A HOME in t5& u -CAMP MEEKER
Tho most attractive summer and winter r«-
sort in Lake County. Boating; bathing bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan 160 feet Ionff. Write for cir-
cular. EBGAR DURNAN. Laurel Dell. La'«
County. Cal;
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
YO SEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT ANI> YOBEMTTEr STAGS
CO.— Running directly through the Tnolumn*
Big; Tree Grove. ¦ Lowest rates on tha market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staring
2% hoars first afternoon and 9 hours next*day.
arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. G«n.
Agent. (30 Market at., opposite Palaca Hotel.
8. F.: tel. Black SSTL
Call on I* D. CRAIO. S16. or Trm-v^ler Office.
20 Montgomery »t.. or MRS. KATE J. "WTL-
LETTS. room 64. Flood bulldlnr. San Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIO ft WARNER, man-
agera. Highland Springs. Cal.
The months of September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days, cool nights. Hunting. Fishing. Riding.
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement.
Rates from September I to May I,
SIO and $12 par week; $35, $49
and $45 per month.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS:::
Complete synopsis and Btory
of Hall Maine's latest . novel,
"The 'Eternal City," in next
Sunday's Call. ,./• ¦¦'¦'<¦•:
LAKEPORT ANT> BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via LaJcenort. carrying passengers for Lak»-
port and: Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Honland at
12:30: arrive at Lakecort at 8:30: arrtv* aS
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse M-paj«g
¦enger tourist wagons, made to order tcr tMsr^
•tage line; with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passenger* for LakeporVor Bartlstt
Springs call for tickets b/ Bartlett Springs
Etass Line.
MILLER & HOWABJ>, Proprietors
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
¦P. O. El* VEKANO. CaL.' Verana Station
(Kings . Crossing), on California. Northwestern
Railway. - Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
JJJPer day and upward. PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU. Lessee. V
san Francisco.
If you want to be a strong, husky fel-
low, with lots of steam in your pipes,
you ought to read my book on the sub-
ject of physical development. My busi-
ness is tnzking men strong, especially
those men who have throvrifaway their
strength by excesses, overwork and dis-
sipation. My electric belt is making
such men happy every day. My book
(illustrated) tells how. It's free. Dr.
M. E. McLaughlin, 702 Market street,
tr.w y . pUc * ln tt9 United States whew
£l ch £. W £ er ta » band aat. Th« only nttnnl
Electrto Waters; Champagne Baths: Sprinss
Numerons; Baths TTnequaled. Three mUes from
Uklah- -- J.A. RKDEMETER & CO..
VICHY SI-RINCS.
A ' ¦' • ¦ t ¦ :
fl2Hfl5M4£>fl&Mfi tn A E& Through the pores of the skin many poisons are
ir(l#ffOft^£W *JVmkK*. 9 absorbed into the blood, deranging the circulation
POf&QR! $\?Tf an(^ affecting the constitution as quickly and
¦*7.*T * ¦ ' ¦ 9 - ."..seriously as those generated within the system. Just
JEB JDDPD'C 'BTTS^t-S under the skin are innumerable hair-like blood .
¦"^¦"?^™"* *T ¦-,**-*. vessels, and connecting these with the skin
B C ABU jun ODJI9Q 1 are millions of small tubes or glands, through
fl.£#BJUP AND BXKMW which the poison is conveyed to the blood sys-
OnBC^BBBMBiTS Bi' ' M fi tern. Dunne the spring and summer, while
ff"g*«tiMLr«V#JVOT* BSm8%0m the skin is most active and the pores well
open, we are much more liable to be affected by Poison Oak aild Ivy and other
dangerous plants. Workers in brass, copper, lead and zinc have their health, im-
paired and the blood- supply poisoned through the absorption of fine particles of
these metals and the acids used in polishing and cleaning them. Inhaling the
s fumes of lead give paintersthat pallid, waxy appearance of the skin. Barber's Itch
is another disease that reaches the blood through the skin, and is a most obstinate,
one when it becomes firmly fixed in the system. After the poison has reached the
blood and been disseminated throughout the system it is too late to resort to local
applications. In many cases the blood is affected simultaneously with the appear
ance of the rash or eruption on the skin, and all efforte should be directed to the
purification and building up of the blood. Ugly eruptions and sores'will continue
tODreak'out ill spite of salves, -washes, soaps or other external treatment.
S. S. S. is especially recommended for poisons of this character. So com-
pletely does itdestroythe effects of the Oak and Ivy that there is'no possibility of
its reappearance, and it is equally as efficacious in brass or lead poisoning or Bar-
ber's Itch ; building up and purifying the blood and driving out of the circulation
impurities of every kind, and removing every blemish, sore or eruption from the
skin. There is no substitute for S. S. S. ; it is the only, purely vegetable blood
: purifier known, and the safest and best in all constitutional or blood diseases. -
< ;>;0ur Medical Consultation Department.— -If you desire any special information^
or advice about your case, write our physicians, explaining your condition, and
they will carefully consider what you have to say _£!Di_
and you will receive a prompt reply. Our physi- 4raP^^ res$*«l /pM&g^l
cians have made a study of blood and skin diseases, " Kg «iill^^$
and you can have the benefit of their experience 'XfiwSEw
and skill without any cast to you whatever. Don't fcv/^Ka W'^^B
hesitate to write fully about yourself, as nothing |f|* !! §j|il' Rg^BwP K^dUr
you say goes beyond our office. We have a very -%j^ggp^_ "
TRUSS FITTING
The beneflt •* our iixgs P^^Sk
experience in Cttinr and. Jr»
curing Ruptures by th* 3>svjam»
Fidelity Method la b«- ijrrfflrj]
ting and furnlth jfjrmfijk
TRESSES FREE. Wff%i
/We can cure r«- BE^Ia W
ducible ruptures In 60 tiaSSSSBL J9
days by our method K^^StaAJ
without p«in or loss of e&3^£»?S^
time. Over 20.C00 cures E&fii3>ir*2a*
in 10 years. The fe« SySB«^
may be deposited In a. Ea*?^l
bank, payable to your HsSraN
own order, to be handed E« fcja
us when cured; NOT gK& %sk
BEFORE. Successful on ¦ K2L jfel
men, women and chll- rS uS
dren.' Branch offices In |y§ vi5
all largre cities. Con- jSs «
sultation free. . JM . gj
Fidelity Ruptvrc Cvre, ly
Rooms 4. 5 and 6, No. 26}i Kearny St. S. P
1 ___^__^____^j^__ <8*'— — . ' \j
jff^kRTms 1
' AD VEBTISEICENTS.
ADVERTISEaEENTS.that It had been agreed that nothing was
to be said. President Schwab came out
later in company with President Corey,
Secretary Wj-en and Veryl Preston, and
all successively refused to talk. Presi
dent Gompers- said later that he would
be in New York to-morrow, and that
statement was taken as an indication that
he had not given up his effort to effect a
settlement.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 4.—
The registration of matriculated stu
dents closed to-night at 8:30 o'clock. A
count showed 724, as compared with 772 at
the close of the second day last year.
The difference Is explained by the fact
that the class of 1901 was the largest ever
graduated, thus diminishing the num
of matriculates. About twenty-flve, how
ever, were delayed by the tardiness of the
southern boat, having been compelled to
come on Wednesday's boat.
Stanford Registration Closes.
Nelson's left leg was badly lacerated
and he was removed to Bellevue Hospital.
The physicians who attended him stated
that Nelson would - be unable to ride
again for a year. Michael escaped the x
collision by riding up the bank. The race
was declared off. The management an
nounced that in the future single motors
would be used in all paced races.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Johnny^ Nelson,
the motor-paced rider from Chicago, was
badly injured at Madison Square Garden
to-night. He was scheduled to ride a fif
teen-mile motor-paced . ¦ race . . against
Jimmy Michael. The riders had traveled
a little over two miles . when ' a tire on
Nelson's motor exploded and the machine
and Nelson went to the ground along with
Michael's motor, which was trailing the
other. • : • .
Cycling Days May Be Over for All
Time for the Crack Eastern
Rider. v
JOHNNY NELSON INJURED
BY EXPLOSION OF TIRE
Another incident which attracted com
ment was a declaration of Sir Charles
Colton, formerly of Sheffield, who, in wel
coming the Americans, severely criticized
the war in South Africa, exclaiming,
"Hell islet loose In South Africa." He
appealed to the visitors to go back and
by preaching and example make such
wars impossible.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the
Most Rev. Frank Temple, D.D., and the
Bishop of London, the Right Rev. A. F.
W. Ingram, D.D., sent friendly messages.
The Bishop of London sent a. message
expressing the hope that some day the
Methodists will be reunited with the Epis
copalians. ¦ • .
'±he City Road Chapel, where the con
ference is being held, was built by John
Wesley in 1760. It is sometimes called tho
Cathedral of Methodism and is filled witn
memorials of all denominations tracing
their origin to Wesley. Marble columns
representing Methodist branches in tho
North and tiouth of the United States and
Canada are among those holding up the
gallery. They were presented after tde
rirst conference that assembled here ex
actly twenty years ago.
The most striking feature of the confer
ence to-day was an impassioned plea of
the colored Bishop Walters of Jersey City.
He declared that there was a systematic
effort on foot on the part of the white
Americans to destroy the good opinion
which the English people had of Ameri
can negroes. He recapitulated the lynch
ing figures for the year 1900 and declared
that, though ninety negroes were lynched,
in only eleven cases had assault on white
women been proved. The Bishop's state
ments about negro morality elicited loud
cheers from the English part of the audi
ence, and several of the many Southern
delegates went out, while others did not
conceal their disagreement with the
speaker.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— The Ecumenical
Methodist Conference opened in Wesley'3
Chapel to-day with a good attendance*.
In the devotional exercises King Edward
and President McKinley were prayed for.
Bishop Joseph C. Wartzell, Missionary
Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal church
in Africa, made the opening prayer, and
Bishop Galloway of Jackson, Miss.,
preached an eloquent sermon, setting
forth the aims of Methodists throughout
the world and emphasizing the value of
the tenets of John Wesley. Communion
followed.
Colored Bishop Makes a Plea
for the American
Ne^ro.
Methodist Confer
ence Meet.
Delegates to Ecumenical
GATHER AMID
WESLEY RELICS
The session lasted continuously for
more than six hours. No statement as to
the proceedings was made by any of the
party present. John Mitchell was the
first to leave the meeting room. He posi
tively refused to make any statement in
connection with the peace plan. Presi
dent Gompers and Ralph M. Easley. who
followed, were equally reticent and said
The conference was asked for in behalf
of President . Gompers and President
Mitchell, and the request reached Presi
dent'Schwab early to-day. He made fa
vorable reply at once, and at 12:15 o'clock
the two labor leaders, accompanied by
the other intermediaries who had partici
pated in the Pittsburg meetings of last
week, reached the office of the United
States Steel Corporation. _ - ¦- '
The participants in the conference were
President C. M.. Schwab of the United
States Steel Corporation, President W. E.
Corey, of the Carnegie Steel Company,
Veryl Preston of the United States Steel
Corporation. President Samuel Gompers
of the American -•'ederation of Labor,
President . Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers' Association, Secretary Henry
White of the Garment. Makers' Associa
tion, President Jenks of . the Industrial
Commission and Ralph M.' Easley, secre
tary of the National Civic Federation.
Several officials of the companies con
trolled by the United States Steel Cor
poration were called to the conference
chamber durlnjr the day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Terms of peace
in the steel strike were discussed - .at
length to-day at a secret conference, in
which sat officials of the United States
Steel. Corporation, leaders of union labor
and representatives of t-e civic organiza
tions which have* intervened. Unusual
safeguards of secrecy were resorted to in
order to preserve the "privacy of the pro
ceedings, but it was evident that no con
clusion was reached and that the decision
either to terminate or continue the strike
must be made by the strikers.
of Unions in Conference.
Corporation Officers and the leaders
TALK OF PEACE TERMS.
The steel officials are in a very confident
mood to-night and appear to think the
strike is broken effectually and that only
a few days more will be required to make
it a thing of the past. The return of the
400 tube workers at McKeesport and the
report that 150 or more went in at the
Pennsylvania Tube Works, and the pro
tection of Sheriff McKinley. and his sev
enty-five deputies at Demmler, where a
start will be made to-morrow, give much
weight to this belief. In addition to these
breaks the steel officials claim increased
numbers at the Star, .the Lindsay & Mc-
Cutcheon, the Painters and the Clark
mills, and say other plants will now be
put into service rapidly.
Organizer Schwartz of the American
Federation, who organized- the Pennsyl
vania Tube "Workers, called a meeting of
his men this afternoon, at which it was
decided, that none of the men would re
turn until President . Shaffer gave the
word. • . ¦
The above, together with the telegram
received by Shatter to-day from President
,Gompers of the American Federation;
denying that there was a meeting in Buf
falo to consider the charges made by
Hickey, would indicate that the charges
have fallen flat.
We. the members of the Crescent- Lodge of
the Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel
and Tin Workers, assembled, denounce the
statements made by G. D.- Hlckey, when he
Bays that the strike was instigated by Presi
dent Shaffer and Is not constitutional, as ab
solutely false, and as not worthy of any con
sideration by the members of the association,
and we deny the assertion that 72 per cent of
the mills of the United States Steel Corpora
tion are at work. : • v
STEVE DAWSON, Presfdent.
W. G. EVANS, Secretary.
The following was handed to newspaper
correspondents to-day without comment
by President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association: .
' "WHEELING, "W. Va.. Sept. 2.
President Shaffer's only remark when
shown the announcement of the adjourn
ment without decision was, "I have no
comment, to make."
PITTSBURG, Sept. 4.— Agitation and
uneasiness prevail in the ranks of the
strikers to-night, caused by the apparent
ly unfavorable '.developments of the day.
The leaders, however, profess to be satis
fied with present conditions and declare
that ultimate victory will be theirs. Much
was hoped for from the peace conference
In New York, but an announcement of
failure to reach a decision put a damper
on these hopes.
Failure of the Peace Confer
ence Has Depressing
Effect.
The Developments Cause
Fear, but - Leaders
Show Courage.
STEEL STRIKERS
ARE AGITATED
PHOENIX, - A. !¦, T.,*: Sept. * 4.— The i explo
sion of " a' gasoline" stove in the residence"
of i Chester Conger late this afternoon set
flre to the house. > Mrs. Conger, was fatally
burned. ¦ • The * flre • was j extinguished with
small property loss. : : > ; - v
Fatal Gasoline Explosion.
but Afterward Force Sale of
Cheap Frame.
Offer to I>o Crayon Pictures Free,
Several fakers are operating an ancient
swindling" scheme in the Western Addition
and Mission. It is generally known as the
"picture frame graft."
A solicitor visits various houses and in
forms whoever may happen to answer the
bell that he represents a big- h6use desir
ous of Introducing its new method of en
larging photographs into a beautiful and
truthful crayon production. They offer to
do this work free. Just to advertise It.
Scores of housewives, thinking 1 they are
to get something for nothing, hand the
solicitor the photograph of some dear rel-
JiliVG * '¦ " *¦* •'
A couple of weeks. later the crayon pic
ture, mounted In a . neat looking gilt
frame. Is brought to the home of the per
son who expected to get ¦something . for
nothing and from $5 to $10 is demanded.
The frame, as. a general rule,". is worth
hardly more than a dollar, 1 yet j the . swin
dlers force the deluded women Into pay-
Ins, their, demands. - - - -
SOUTHAMPTON,-; Sept. ',4.— The Ameri
can line "steamer \ Haverf ord, which sailed
f ronjp- this ' port at 3:30' p.,' m." to-day for
New-York on her maiden. trip, has among
her" passengers a number of Captain Bo
sanquet's English team of cricketers, who
are to play matches In the United' States.
Cricketers Coming to America.
FAKEBS ABE" FLEECING
UNSUSPECTING WOME^f.
FRANKFORT, ; ! Ky.^j Sept. 4.— James
Howard and ex-Secretary of State . Pow
ers, convicted ' ' as j Goebel murder , con-,
splrators, quarreled ;ln jail here to-day/
Howard threw a heavy, inkstand at Pow
ers, striking; him in the head. Powers
was knocked over ; and bled profusely.
The skull was not ' fractured,' but j symp
toms of • ¦ concussion developed, . and . a
slight paralysisiof the left ai?m and side
appeared. 'The men quarreled over the
division of ,a;sum of- money, raised in
Eastern Kentucky for their defense.; .
Goebel j Murder | Conspirators Figh c.
¦NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Pittsburg beat New
York In a double-header at the Polo Grounds
to-day. Better all-around work and timely
batting •won for the visitors. Taylor was
knocked out In the first grame, but Phyle could
not stay the hitting of the Plttsburga. Hick
rr.an lasted Just one Inning In the second game
and wan relieved by Van Sandt, who made a
fair showing. • Attendance, 6500. Score:
First game— • R. H. E.
New York 6 6 ' 1
Plttsbufg .:............'.....:.... 13. w 4
Batteries — Taylor, Phyla and Warner; Tanne
hlll.and O'Connor. ::•.;¦•
Second game— R. H. E.
PJttsburg 10 13 1
New York ". ;. S 8 4
Batteries— Chesbro and O'Connor: Hlckman,
yan Sandt and Warner. Umpire— Dwyer.
'BROOKLYN. Sept. 4.— The Brooklyns scored
two runs In the /first inning to-day and then
were blanked 'for seven Innings. 'In the ninth
they scored another run on three singles. Hahn
Cincinnati's pitcher, kept the hits well scat
tered. Attendance, 1400. Score:
¦ , R. H v E.
Cincinnati 7 12 0
Brooklyn , ; 3 12 '. 4
. Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpire — Nash.
BOSTON, Sept. 4.— Harper's wildness, com
bined with two passed balls and a wild throw
by Nichols in the third Inning, lost, St Louis
the game to-day. ¦ The visitors • evened matters
by hard hitting In the flfth and seventh In
nings. Attendance, 2000. "Score: •
- K. H. E.
-Boston 3 6 0
St. Louis ..."..; 2 7 2
"Batteries— Pittinger and Klttredge ;" Harper
and Nichols. Umpire— Etnslie.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 4.— The Philadelphias
took to-day's game from Chicago 'through their
"ability .-. to ¦ hit ¦ Hughes consecutively. Both
teams were a " little off in their fielding. -At
tendance. 2981. Score: • . .'. •-
¦• ..-' .- ' . : . -¦¦ ;>¦*-;.; 'R. -H.V--E.
Chicago .....;;: 4 3 4
Philadelphia ........................... 5 10 . J
'Batteries — Hughes a-nd Kahoe; Townsend and
Douglass. Umpire— Brown. . , -
Philadelphia Athletics Unable to
Solve Cronin's Curves — Hughes
• ; j Is Easy.. < .
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
PITTSBTJItG TAKES TWO
FROM THE GOTHAMS
following:
Postmasters commissioned: California
Hilda Miller, El Rio. Oregon— William
Harris, Black Butte. Postoffice name
changed : Oregon— Harris, Lane County,
to Black "Butte.' .
The - following pensions were granted:
California— Original: John Hopp, Glen
dora, "$6; Peter' Calder, 'Woodland, J6;
George C. Almy,- Mentone, $8.
War with , Spain— Daniel J. Filipponi,
Santa' Maria, $8. Increase — John Mc-
Grath, San Francisco, $10; Henry. Sauer,
Los Angeles, $10; Joseph L. Weaver, San
Diego. $8; John Fahey, San Francisco, $12.
Widows— Mary Ware, San DJego. \ $8.
Oregon: Increase— Oliver M. Sawyer,
Goshen, $12;' Jordan • Fuqua, Willamina,
$10; John Campbell, Salem, $S.
Washington: Original— Benjamin F.
Giiham, Castle ¦ Rock, $8; Edwin R.
Chllds, Spokane, $12.- •
Made in the Postal Service
and New • Pensions Are
-V Issued. •
¦ ¦WASHINGTON, D. C, . Sept. 4.— The
Postofflce Department to-day Issued the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
While she positively declares that the
girl Is only 14 years of age, Mrs. Gates
confesses to having passed her eigh
teenth birthday. Gates says that he and
his wife will shortly leave for the fro
zen north, where he expects to recoup
his lost fortune.
It was reported at police headquarters
late last night that Swiftwater . Bill in
tended to desert his bride and elope with
a young woman who lives in Oakland.
Gates says there Is no truth in the story.
"Prosecuting Attorney refuses to send
for Swiftwater Bill on the ground . that
the crime was committed in another
county."
As soon as the telegram was received
Captain" Seymour ordered the release' of
Gates . and his bride. The latter Is the
adopted daughter of Mrs. Boyle of Ta
coma, who is Gates' sister. !
To the surprise of the local police the
following telegram was received by
them last night from Chief Fackler of
Tacoma.:
W. C. Gates, better known as Swift
water Bill, of Klondike fame, was arrest
ed yesterday in his room in the Califor
nia Hotel on a telegraphic warrant from
the Chief of Police of Tacoma, charging
him with abduction. A short time after
ward his wife, whom he is charged with
abducting, was also taken to the City
Prison and given in charge of the ma
tron. Last night the couple were ' re
leased, as the Tacoma authorities re
fused to prosecute the man of many
matrimonial adventures.
Gates and his wife left Tacoma a short
time ago and came to this city.
Word was at once sent to Captain
Seymour- to arrest Swiftwater Bill and
hold him pending the arrival of an of
ficer from the north.
Arrest Here Now Refuse to
Prosecute Him.
Tacoma Authorities Who Caused His
"S W 1±T W ATEE" BILIj
•R.TYT/r,Aa-r:n fe,0M CUSTODY
The people. saw her body whirl down
ward. They saw It rest for a moment in
the balsam boughs and then disappear in
the midst of the dense foliage below.
Three men descended on ropes and found
the young -woman .unconscious. Physi
cians in ¦ attendance, however, said that
while severely bruised she would suffer
no serious consequences.
The water plunges from a precipice 2S0
feet in height, and on one side of the gorge
is a shelf rock jutting out, eighty feet be
low the summit. Miss Schroeder ventured
too near the edge of the gorge, lost her
balance and fell. . .
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— After a fall of
eighty feet Into- the gorge of iCaatersklll
Falls, in the Catskill Mountains, yester
day Miss Caroline Schroeder of Brooklyn
was found unhurt save for a few bruises.
Soon after the fire department had re
turned to its quarters another alarm was
sounded. Some sparks had been carried
by the wind to other buildings and soon
another block, including- the First Meth
odist Church, had been burned. Two fire
men were caught under the falling walls
of the church, but escaped with slight in
juries.
EMPORIA, Kans., Sept 4.-If it had not
been for the providential interposition of
the .wind the gTeater part of Kmporia
would have been laid in ruins by a flre
this afternoon. As it is, a large number
of residences, a planing mill and a lum
ber yard and the beautiful First Meth
odist Church lie in ruins, and the damage
will closely approximate $100,000.
The. fire was communicated by a spark
from a Santa Fe engine to the sheds of
the Crystal Ice Company. . This soon
burned, as did the planing- mill of E. S.
Sprague. There was a strong wind and
the water supply was short, and it seemed
as though the whole town was doomed.
An entire block was burned when the
wind suddenly changed and tho fire was
controlled.
. AMERICAN LEAGUE. ,.'
CLEVELAND, Sept. .4.— Cleveland landed on
Nops in the sixth for four successive hits, and,
aided by a base on balls and an error, scored
four runs. Catcher Bresnehan finished the
game and prevented Cleveland | from scoring
again. Attendance, 1000.' Score: ." • .
.' K. H. E.
Cleveland ......... :....:;...... 6 14 1
Baltimore 4 8 .2
i Batteries— McNeal and Woods; Nops, Bresne
han and Robinson. , .' ?
ST. PAUL. Sept. 4.— The home team took the
fifth straight game to-day from Minneapolis.
Score: • . ¦ ' >
R. H. E.
St. Paul ...:.U 13 ;4
Minneapolis .».. .....*. 3 '4 6
' Batteries— Cook' and Wilson; Wadsworth and
Mullane. ¦ ' •¦¦_.-.'¦. .
MILWAUKEE, Sept. / 4.—. Three singles, a
home run, three bases on balls and Staple's
error gave Milwaukee six runs In the^ second
Inning-, < which proved enough to win the game.
Boston outbatted the . home team, 'but Reidy
kept his hits well scattered. Attendance, . 500.
Score:
R. H. e.
Milwaukee ...6 8' "5
Boston ..:'.. 4 ; 11-
¦Batteries— Reldy and Maloriey; Winters and
Schreck. ' • * ' . ;j . •
DETROIT, Sept.' 4.— Cronln was invincible to
day-and would have . shut ; the Philadelphia
Athletics out but for Casey's error in the first
inning. Attendance, 23S8. Score: -
v . '.: . R. ' H. E.
Philadelphia ......'............'....... 1 ,4 1
Detroit ..*....... T..;.... ........ 9. 15 2
t Batteries— Plank and Steelman; Cronln . and
McAllister.', . , . ' • . ¦ .
Chicago, Sept. 4."— Chicago .won to-day's game
by bunching hits with the visitors. Katoll was
in good form except in the eighth Inning,' when
five hits and a base on bails gave .Washington'
their runs. Attendance, .1600. • Score: ¦ ¦
• ¦ '¦ ' ¦ : " ;¦' .-' ¦•/•¦ • . ¦ , R. ' H. • e.
Chicago ....'. '. 9 . 12 ,. 1
"Washington vri.V.w:^;... ....;;...... 5 -8 ":,. i
', Batteries — Katoll and Sullivan ; ; Carrick, | Lee
and Clarke. . , . * 7. ; ',
MANILA, Sept. 4.— Lieutenant Hazzard
of the Third Infantry has brought in here
Arthur Howard, the American deserter,
who was recently captured by the lieu
tenant while in command of some Maca
bebe scouts in the island of Mindoro. He
was placed in jail, and will shortly be
court-martialed. . ¦ ¦
Howard denies that, he was ever an
American soldier. He claims he was born
in Spain, that his father was English and
his mother Spanish; but that he espoused
the cause of the Filipinos. In 1896, after
peace was declared, he said he went to
Hongkong and returned in 189S r.s-Aguin
aldo's chief of artillery. While in chat
position, Howard, also says, he made
friends with many Americans before the
insurrection, including' General Greene,
He cast his lot with Aguinaldo at the time
of the rupture with the Americans and
he says that ho brought in sixteen Amer
ican prisoners, under a flag ; of truce at
Augeles, in September, 1899. ..
Howard denies that he commanded the
force at San Mateo which killed General
Lawton. He speaks like an educated Eng
lishman. Lieutenant Hazzard says he,
himself, saw Howard at Angeles in 1899.
Two former California volunteers to-day
identified Howard as a deserter from
their 'regiment named Wall ey, of "•' Com
pany A, I who | deserted in 1899.
Arthur Howard, Leader
of Filipinos, Taken
to Manila.
Change in Direction of
a Breeze Prevents
Disaster.
Young Woman Has Ex
traordinary Escape
in Catskills.
MUST ANSWER
FOR DESERTION
FALLS IN GORGE
BUT IS LIVING
gage a launch during the week to move
the Nemo and horse car ark from their
present anchorage.
AN EFFORT IS MADE TO MOVE
NOTORIOUS ARKS FROM
GREBNBRAE. ¦; ' ' -.-• ~ '¦*-
There is little doubt that the three lines
will soon be put under a traffic director
ship similar to the plan followed by the
Southern Pacific. Union Pacific and other
roads of the Harriman syndicate. Hill
said he was not fighting the Harriman
people, and that all the recent reports
about the extensions of the Great North
ern into Nebraska and Kansas were rub
bish. *-
CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— James J. Hill, pres
ident of the Great Northern, was in Chi
cago to-day conferring with President
Harris of the Surlington and other rail
road men and financiers. Hill said there
were no radical plans for the merger of
the three syndicates — the Burlington, the
Great Northern and the Northern Piicific
— but that the properties would be oper
ated conservatively and economically in
a way to produce the greatest revenue.
HILL KOT FIGHTING
HASRIMAN SYNDICATE
WIND SAVES
BURNING TOWN
Playing tugboat was not altogether in
the line of the young men, their strong
At all events there was sadness in their
eyes and tears furrowed the rouge on
their, cheeks as " they watched the efforts
of a number of young men about town to
muster, up power enough to move the
horse car. and Nemo arks to some spot
on the deep far from the madding throng,
modest mariners and their families and a
threatening Sheriff.
deep. They, may have been sou
brettes, except that the.ir peculiar bath-
Ing proclivities would place them In tho
nymph or mermaid class.
NYMPHS arrayed in tailor-made
raiment stood on the Greenbrac
shore yesterday afternoon and
gazed pensively out upon the
' They breathlessly.- thanked the Sheriff
for his consideration 'and promised to en-
In either event it must be said that
they scored a signal failure. They had
no,t muscle enough to muster sufficient
horsepower to pull^a sick duck out,of the
mud, .and abandoned the job* of 'moving
the arks upon the advice of the Sheriff,
who feared that the strenuous work
might give them locomotor ataxia. • ¦
The young men were not adorned with
medals even in rowing regattas, but they
took to the boats Wndly enough. It
seemed as if they were either bent on
showing Sheriff Taylor their high regard
for his advice of Tuesday or displaying
their prowess as oarsmen to the gather
ing of nymphs on shore.
suites being more properly the inward
storage of copious draughts of the bever
age that made Milwaukee famous, the
singing of ribald songs and the entertain
ment of "real ladies."
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— At the Colombian
legation here to-day it was said that the
1500-pounder cannon which was suddenly
taken from the Pan-American Exposition
at Buffalo, has been shipped to Colombia
and was being placed in position at Car
tagena. It was also said that, the muni
tions of war lost on the cruiser La Popa,
scuttled by the Insurgents, was not as ex
tensive as reported. It has been asserted
that five rapid-fire guns, 1000 rifles and be
tween 500,000 and 1,000,000 cartridges went
down on the cruiser.
Consul Malmore's reports that Bocas
del Torro is more exposed to danger
than any other point in his consular dis
trict. There are 150 rebels in the vicinity
of that town, which is defended by a Gov
ernment force of seventy-five men. The
revolutionists are awaiting reinforcements
before attacking the place.
Under date of August 26 Gudger states
that the Liberals were concentrating at
Chama, twenty miles from Panama. The
Government forces were then strengthen
ing themselves in Panama. He adds that
the decision of the United States to send
warships to Panama had a very good ef
fect upon the situation
Consul General Gudger's dispatch shows
that .troublesome conditions continue to
on the Isthmus of Panama. For
tunately there has been no disturbance of
railway communications, nor is any likely
to take place in view of the instructions
given by the leaders of the Insurrection
to their armed forces. Guerrilla bands
have committed depredations upon -Chi
nese merchants along the railway. Gudger
has in the absence of the Chinese Consul
endeavored to use his good offices in their
behalf.
Mail reports. were received by the State
Department to-day from Minister Bowen
in Caracas and Consul General Gudger in
Panama and Consul Malmores in Colon.
Minister Bowen transmitted a copy of a
note addressed by the Venezuelan Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs to the foreign Min
isters in Caracas explaining the attitude
of the Venezuelan Government in the dis
pute with Colombia.
Reports From Diplomats.
The negotiations with Uribe closed, it
is authoritatively stated, with the agree
ment of surrender, but the Colombian au
thorities are now satisfied that this was a
ruse by which his agents secured pass
ports through Colombia and went on an
ostensible peace mission, whereas their
real purpose was to act as spies and revo
lutionary propagandists.
. The Colombian Government is expected
to make an emphatic rejoinder to the offi
cial statement of Venezuela that armed
invasions by Colombian troops have been
crossing the Venezuelan frontier \ and
have been forcing war upon that country.
It will show In substance that Colombian
troops on the frontier are there to pro
tect the border and that any crossing of
the line has been by detached bands with
out the approval of the Federal Govern
ment. It has just been disclosed that
General Urlbe 'made a statement at the
Colombian legation in this city* to the ef
fect that the revolutionary movement of
which he is the head had the support' oJL
Venezuela, Ecuador and Nicaragua. The
statement was made during the pendency
of negotiations for the surrender of*the
revolutionists. •
An Emphatic Rejoinder.
Before his departure this morning for
Buffalo Dr. Silva. Colombian Minister,
cabled to Bogota the text of President
Castro's communication to the foreign
governments, explaining the causes for
the adoption by Venezuela of a bellicose
attitude toward Colombia. Dr. Silva
urged his Government to make a 'detailed
reply to the Venezuelan note.
At the same time administration offi
cials reiterate that if Colombia assents to
the exercise by the President of his good
offices, as she Is expected by a well in
formed Pan-American- diplomat to do,
the President and Secretary Hay will
open the matter with Venezuela and will
endeavor to induce her to permit the
United States to mediate in the interest
of peace.
Venezuela's response is regarded as a
polite rejection of the tender of American
mediation, and is accepted as establish
ing the purpose of President. Castro not
to deviate from his policy of precipitating
a foreign war so as to prevent Internal
revolt.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G ' STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Sept. 4.-Until for
mal reply is made by Colombia to the in
timayon of the United States Government
that its good offices are at her disposal
no further action will be taken by the
Washington administration".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The President remained quietly In the
house during the evening, retiring at an
early hour. To-morrow morning at 10
o'clock he will leave Mr. Milburn's house,
accompanied by an escort of mounted po
lice and cavalry, and proceed directly to
the exposition grounds, where ceremonies
will be held in honor of the day.
President McKinley, with Mrs. McKin
ley and John G. Mllburn. president of tha
Exposition Company, entered the first
carriage. It was with difficulty that the
police kept a passage way clear for the
carriages, which proceeded slowly toward
the Lincoln Parkway entrance. Cheer
efter cheer went up from the vast throng.
The President acknowledged the saluta
tion of the crowd by bowing and raising
his hat. Mrs. McKinley, who looked re
markably well after the tiresome journey,
also smiled happilv.
The carriages stopped on the Triumphal
Bridge to give the members of the party
a moment to take in the beauties of the
grounds. They were then driven rapidly
out of the Lincoln Parkway entrance, up
the parkway to Delaware avenue, to the
house of Mr. Milburn, whose guest Mr.
\and Mrs. McKinley and the members of
their party will be during their stay in
the city.
At 6:30 o'clock the blowing of whistles
in the factories north of the exposition
grounds announced the approach of the
train. A few minutes later President Mc-
Kinley. with Mrs. McKinley leaning on
his arm, and surrounded by the reception
committee emerged from the entrance
to the Terminal station. A great cheer
went up from the thousands who caught
a glimpse of the party and it was taken
up and re-echoed by the others farther
back, who, although they could not see
the President, knew what the cheering
meant.
The screeching of whistles and the
boominer of guns greeted the President's
train as it passed along the lake and river
fronts over the belt line tracks to the
grounds. As the train flashed past Fort
Porter fired a salute of twenty-one guns.
An immense crowd had assembled at the
railway terminus at the exposition
grounds to await the arrival of the Presi
dent. From the electric tower down the
west side of the Court of Fountains, as
far as the Triumphal Bridge, people
were packed so closely together that there
¦was scarcely room to move.
BUFFALO. X. T.. Sept 4.— President
McKinley, in whose honor September 5
has been set aside on the Pan-American
Exposition calendar, entered Buffalo to
night through the portals of the Rainbow
City. A few of the party left the Presi
dential train at the Central station, but
the President and Mrs. McKinley, the
Misses Barber and Miss Sarah Duncan,
the President's nieces, and the members
of the reception committee were taken at
once to the north grate of the exposition
grounds.
President McKinley Deter
mines to Follow Up Offers
of Mediation.
Visitors View the Exposition
From the . Triumphal
Bridge.
Venezuela Is Bent on
Going to War With
Colombia.
Nation's Executive Is
Greeted by Buffalo
Citizens.
CROWDS CHEER
THE PRESIDENT
UNITED STATES
AS PEACEMAKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
Young Men About Town Attempt to Obey Mandate of the Sheriff of
Marin Countyto Move Their Arks tp a Somewhat More Isolated
Spot, but- They :^re Woefully Lacking in Muscular Power
TAILOR=MADE NYMPHS LANGUISH
ON THE SHORE AT GREENBRAE
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DH. HALL'S 8EIK VIGORATORE^fSj
Five hundred reward lor any »Jpf^£3'
case we cannot cure, 'f bis secret Ep"* "¦£
jemedy etops lOBses In 24 hours, fij . ff
cures Emisfeions. Impotency. Varl- ra»J Wra
cocele. Strictures, tileet. Drains, f7H!\ crnfl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- UgiM SmJ
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- JwISLJkSu
<*. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 bottles, GSr^p"
)£i guaranteed to cure any case. Afldress
'HALL'S MEDICAL, INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way Oakland. Cal. AUo for sale at 10<3}4
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. 0 . *k-\
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great
$BUSEU£ OF ANATOMY
Q N*9 •"-• KA— ti« «.».t€t. £:i£<_, ...F.Cil,
y *~& le l-»ri»est Anatomical Museum in the
a rm uJ*£^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted
V fj~C jyj wiease p«kili»«-l}'r«rodl)y the oldest
Q JSQI Speoai'ss on «*« Coast. Esc 36 years.
A &<&£** DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
. ftiSSFbl* Consultation free and strictly prirate.
0 I iS/t£n Treatment personally or by letter. A
\ M If Tin ¦ / ' on ' lv * £"«"> every case unrtrr taken.
Anil II Ht Write for Book. PBItOHOPHV of
" ' II 1^ 9IAKUMCE, MAILED FREE. ( A
Jk Q /J. valuable book for mm)
9 mt. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P.
Robfert Wallace
' ¦ ...-¦• ¦ " • - - - > • - » ¦ • yr^'--:_
Magnificent Millinery'
The charm, richness, exclusiveness and
taste of our millinery appeal to every woman,
and the more critical she is the she
will be ¦ pleased, not only_:in the goods but
. also with the prices. How low they are 1
; Millinery Department: _*«§*•>
Trimmed Hats at trje lowest figures rf^SwEiliftl&i
ever namzd for sucb productions. .^^^^^^Si^^w?
We have ready-to-wear Hats, trimmed <P$£2ffi''/'*i&4&&$^\
with Breasts and Persian Silks, the JssffiV^S^SSfittW
best values ever offered, at $2 00 J^^^-^'i''^^^^^
Trimrrjings are sirople. but neat, stylish n^imji' / '/^^s^^^^
and of good quality. S^^>'^^^^^^^
Triroroed in Velvet, feathers, Birds or WS$i£S^S&B?£h\
Wings, from $6 50 to $12.00 l|F'$ii5 "*^$%M»
Thereare some of the jauntiest crea- lmt l ''^^M K^S%Z&
tions — each one specially trimmed to Sfo^^ii *»* i^^r
accord appropriately witrj '.its purpose. t***-^^. •'. jsp
We carry the WellrRnoWn Phipps Atch-
ison H Q ts, ranging <ir) price fro nj :... . •- *
Half way betwee/nTtbe formality of elaborate trirrjmiogs and the
unadorned shapes* are the (so-called) Stiff TrirQmed Hats: The
clever conjurjetiarj of a plume, a rosette: a bow of velvet ribboQ. a
pretty silKt g'ves them dash and individuality.
Hats :i o Beaver, •trimmed witbMirjK and Lace;.Fur Collar and
Muff to njatchl
A splendid line- of Black Ostrich Flumes at prices not to be ex-
celled. Few words ar> said. The value can hardly be measured
by ordinary selling standards. £V
Halr Orijamants for everjlng wear, from.. ...;. $2.50 to $3.50
Trimrrjings of all descriptions at exceedingly low prices.'. Our buyer and trimmer
secured fronj New York and Parisian roilllr.ers some of toelr latest Qoveltles—
magnificent In effect— wonderful In creation. >:; v ; ;,;
Our French n'oveltUs In Collarettes! for evening wear at prices from $20 00 to
$35.00.; Lovely In design, correct In style., Must be seen to be appreciated.
(\ stylish line of Mourning Hats and Bonnzts f ran)... '........'.. .$5.O3 to $15.00
So here are the/prices.. Try to duplicate tl)ero— or even approach
them— and vybu have an impossible* task- We are in full readi- ,
ness'fortbis week's; crowds, and will -give' every customer full
justice in attention and values. -Your dollar goes furthest here—
it buys'roost in quantity arjd quality.
; ;' ,'V- .219 Qraet Aveeme.
&§QP&e Sense.
"Any fool can take a horse to water,
but it takes a wise man to make him
drink," says the proverb. The horse
eats when hungry and drinks when
thirsty. A man eats and drinks by the
I clock, without re-
I a-ruHTzt"/- 1 -' 1 & ar^ to the needs of
f^ &*& nature. Because of
l*if£g^£j^£?£2 careless eating and
r IlllsiS' k trouble" is one of
SsfwT^ {& I commonest of dis-
lUlfc eases. Sour and bit-
fc^S* far*! risi^gSj belch-
iP^m Jref-*£-J unnatura l ful-
KjSKgl Hn&m ness . after eating,
R**5/tV fin *all dizziness, headache,
fegltlS flLeiil an( * man y other
kSESS p-'^c^^j symptoms mark the
gggfip ffipfnij beginning and pro-
9&tvM 1 ffjfefll gress of disease ot
|P*jg!s£ sr§Sl r * Pi. erce ' s Gold-
f*6* I«fc flaxfi en 03 ! Discov-
E-9 i^v^m e3 T cures diseases of
W {\3k r \Jl e stomac k an .d
m [NHi lYl °^ x& ] r org&ns of di-
¥ y/ V \ gestion and nutri-
j <ffi*f tion. It cures
S§^ \ ' * Qywi through the stom-
ft~s |J ',^^|NJ ac h diseases of other
Tfff if*?ro organs which have
J/yV their origin in a dis-
•^^^^Jj^igy eased condition of
— — ¦— ' the stomach, and
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
It strengthens the stomach, purifies the
blood, cures obstinate cough and heals
¦weak lungs.
« I was taken with Grippe, which resulted in
heart and stomach trouble." writes Mr. T. R.
Caudill. Montland, Allegrnaney Co., N. C "I
was unable to do anything a good part of the
I \rrote to Dr. Pierce about my condition,
having: full confidence in his medicine. He ad-
vised me to take his ' Golden Medical Discovery,'
which I did. Before I had finished the second
bottle I began to feel better. I have used nearly
fiix bottles. I feel thankful to God for the bene-
fit I have received from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. I can highly recommend it to
all persons as'a good and safe medicine.''
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets keep the,The Muir Tunnel and Consolidated Min
ing Company, filed a suit yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court against the
Boston-South Dakota. Gold Alining Com
pany, of West Virginia to recover $25 000
damages and the possession of 469 21 acred
Plaw^cf unty*!'- ln t cI - udin& a *?» n «.* a " i«
i« T Jif- P laintlff '-,a'"eges thaf while it was*
1^5^ Peaceable - possession ? of the . prop
erty the defendant forcefully and unlaw
fully; ousted it aad took cossesaiioru '
Suit to Becover a Mine.
Dr. Albert K. ' HappeVsberger. who
brought suit for. divorce on Tuesday, pro
cured j an order from Judge Sea well yes
terday v restraining his wife, Euphemia.
from visiting his offices at 41 Third street
and from interfering with his practice
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by Charles W H6
p«r against Rose Roper and John w'van
Luvanel against Rachael O. Van Lu
vanel. .
In ; the Divorce ¦ Court.
A Jury: was impaneled in Judge Lawlor's
court . yesterday, morning for.: the second
trial of Frank Mitchell, .grocer,-'on : ; the
charge of murder for shooting and killing
Frank J.'* McAuliffe in front of a '< gro
cery, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets
on the night of October 8, 1899. .The jury
is composed of ¦ James Humphrey; John
Brier, Frank Lltsch, * George H. Well
brock. Abraham Blumenthal, Herbert R
Stackhouse, ; W. C. ;.Mysell, .Albert :h!
¦Menne,i Henry -Sinsheimer, John P. Dig
nan, ; -Hermann Kahn and Paul Franke.
The taking., of s testimony will commence
this : mornlBue. - - ,, ¦ ,
Mitchell, MtCrder Trial.
Hilbert- Bros., Bielenberg & Weniger
and Michaelitschke Bros. & Co. filed a
petition! in r,the' United States District
Court yesterday "to declare F. P. Mattos
of: Alvarado, Alameda County, an invol
untary insolvent. • The petition alleges
that he owes $68158 and that he has Com
mitted an act . of Insolvency by turning
over his 'property to a preferred creditor.
.James F. Barkley, a butcher residing in
Tehama City,:' filed a petition in insolv
ency. . He awes • $11,235 and has $1287.as
sets. ...¦/¦:'.' ' ¦ ¦ \(
remarkably close to. the wind. '
V Ten minutes Mater the main sheet was
manned and rounded In smartly,- and then
tne great main ,boom swung across the
deck as. Captain Sycamore put the helm
up and gybed her. It was thought that
the. spinnaker, would be set again, but
instead 1 the bowsprit men were sent out
to;takeiln the small jib topsail. Thesail
was 3 down . and Btowed and another * one
put out on the bowsprit in two minutes.
In two minutes more the sail -was slapped
on its place and broken out.: -There were
exclamations of ; surprise and admiration
from- all: who! saw it, for it ..was -a 1 " big
reaching jib : topsail of white linen; its
cloths running up and down from a center
line dividing, the sail from clew t« luff. -
As scon as this new' sail filled, the yacht
seemed* to -jump •- away- •. with renewed
speed for the light material caught every
breath of wind going and pulled like forty
horses.- - . •¦ .. ., ¦ • : •¦ • , . • ¦ >-¦>.-• '
-. Traveling at a fourteen-knot clip" f'and
leaving all steamers but the'Erin in her
wake, •- the Shamrock entered Gedney
channel at 4 :05. The jib ', topsail came
x~Z~ , ?*¦ ' Vu° >, nd sn eeta s were trimmed
down 'for the close reach to the pointof
Sandy: Hook/., for, the I wind had I freshened
and .'shifted', now tolthe" southward. ?- - . ,
Two Insolvencies.
-Sallmaker Ratzy had remained on boa*rd
the' Erin, ; to obtain , a good • view of i the
Shamrock's sails, but the yacht had sailed
so fast on the way oufthat she was now
obHped to heave to and wait for the Erin
At 2:58, when, the steam: yacht -arrived.
Captain put the .Shamrock Jon
the. starboard for -several- minutes. Then
he let her; come around', and stood along
the Jersey coast for ten minutes. When
sne'.came about she swung: around from
"full to full" in Just twelve. seconds. ¦.-; It
,wa». also -seen that 1 the 1 yacht r was' lyins
! " ' - ' '•'¦:''-'¦ ' ¦ '•"¦>•• ¦"¦¦*.*¦*¦• - •-. - -'
The yacht .wast all* ready to make a
start by.i; o'clock this '.morning, but there
was not, a breath of "wind at that- time.
Shortly after noon there-i\vere indications
of.. a breeze coming In from seaward, so
the. Shamrock mooring .was; made. ready
to" slip. Sobn'after 10 /o'clock.,- a. fresh
breeze came from the southeast, and. then
a ¦; steam launch shot out i from 'alongside
the Erin. In it were Siri Thomas Lipton
Mr, Jameson. .Mr. Watson and Commo
dore .Halyard." The party had" hardly
stepped on>deck when the yacht's moor-'
ingwas slipped. Staysail, Jib and small
jib topsail ..were -broken' out simultane
ously. Her' sails filled and. she gathered
headwayin the freshening breeze. ¦ > ,
As soon : as the point off - Sandv Hook
was cleared sheets were, trimmed' down
for the port ftack and thei yacht slipped
through the smooth water 'at a gait that
must have been between fourteen and fif
teen knots, for in ten v minutes she was
entering Gedney Channel, and five min
utes after she had passed through it; She
had traveled nearly four miles in fifteen
minutes. The tide was fair.but there was
enough of it to cut more than a knot off
her speed. ¦ .. ../ ;•,,: _..,.;.«.,,
The yacht again" demonstrated beyond
question that she can. sail -when, reach
ing with the wind abeamj'sothat her big
jib 1 - topsail, can be. made 'to' draw, at a
spged varying from 14 to. 15 knots, accord-
Ing to the strength of the wind.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Although under
sail for_ only two hours to-day the Sham
rock II 'astonished those who followed her
by- her remarkable Bpeed and ability to
He close to the wind.
cident Just bejore the end of the race at
Harlem to-day. _, While.. warming up. the
gelding bolted Jn front of the grand stand
and running into an iron fence threw, his
rider, impaling him on the barrier. The
boy- was lifted unconscious from the fence
and was taken to a hospital, where his
Injuries were pronounced serious, if not
fatal. -Summary* ' • •¦¦--? . "-rr~ • —
FinK race, six furlonjrs— Huzzah -won. -Lucy
Locket -second. Tammany xhlrd. - Time,' l:H(-«.
Second race, six furlongs, selling-MaBter
CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— Jockey Willie Hen
nessy. on Foray, met with" a .serious ac-
- XEW YORK, Sept. 4.— William C. Whit
ney's J4O.OO0 colt Nasturtium, which ran
eucb a disappointing race in the Futurity,
•won the Flatbush stakes, of $5000, at
Sheepshead Bay to-day. Goldsmith, his
stable mate, ran second, beating, the
much talked- of Western fllly_ Endurance
By Right a neck. The Whitney stable
was favorite in the betting, backed from
6 to a to 9 to 10. Some disappointment was
felt that John E. Madden did not add the
' Futurity winner Yankee, and after the
race this feeling was increased,. as Nas
turtium galloped Jn front all the way and
won cleverly, almost easily, in track rec
ord time for the distance — seven furlongs
—1:25 3-5. Summary:
First race, one mile and three-quarters, hur
dle handicap — Semper Ira won. Kufa oecond
Mies Mitchell third. Time. 3:22.
Second race, .one mile, eeUing — Wild Pirate
won. Malcter second, Barbara Frietchie third
Time. l:» 4-5.
Third race, .eeven furlongs, the Flatbueh
SoOOO — Nasturtium. 115 <Turner). 9 to 10 won;
Goldsmith. 115 (Burns), » to .10. second; En
durance By Right. 112 (Woods), 13 to 5, third
Time. 1:10 3-5. Baron, Sir Oliver. Smart Set
Yly Wheel. Dixie Line and Hyphen also ran.
Fourth race, one mile and a furionB. the
» Dolphin— 'Watercolor won, Autolight second,
Little Daisy third. Time, 1:53 2-5.
Fifth race, flve' furlongs, gelling— Setauket
won. Fontenix second, Catssville third. Time
1:012-5..
Sixth race, bne mile and a furlong, on turf —
Kinnlkinnick won. Louisville second, Kallario
third. Time. 1:55 2-5. • •. - ¦-« —
RAT PORTAGE, Ont., Sept. 4.— The two
mile race for the sculling championship
of the world between Jake Gaudauer, the
champion, and George Towne, ' the Aus
tralian, which was to have • taken place
this afternoon, has been postponsd until
to-morrow. . •:-.-:.' - .
Eace Postponed.
Whitney's Colt Galloped
. in Front All the
Way.
Surprises All by Her
Ability- in; This
; Direction.
DENVER. Sept. - 4.— "Kid" Parker and
Corbett" signed articles to-day
fr»r a fight within sixty days before the
club offering the best- purse, the weight
to be 133 pounds at 3 o'clock in the/ after
noon.
Parker and Corbett Sign.
WAS ,- NOT THE FISHER ; ' " ,
N OP FOOTBALL FAME
Stanford's Football Captain Appears
on the . Stffcno and Gives the
Lie. to Rumor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept 4 -
Captain. Fisrier, captaJh 'of this year's
football team,? arrived from his home The
najtes, Or., last night. A report had
Ueen current among the students that
Fisher had died of heart disease. The'ru
mor originated in" an article In an Oregon
paper/ chronicling the death , of . a man
named. Fisher, who was, however mprelv
a man of the same name. "^reiy
Captain Fisher appears - very w>n
pleased with Stanford's football prospects
J Ie J? ta , ted to-day- that -.a meeting of all
football i men would be held on Monday
evening of ; next week and thaf the play
ers, would appear, on the field for the first
practice on Tuesday aftej-noon
Second race, pacing, for all horses eligible to
2:18 class, heats, three in flve, purse 14C0
Gaft Topsail, ch. h., by Diablo- Belle
(J. Smith) Ill
Richard B, b. c, by Woolsey (J. Dona
hue) .; ; 2 3 2
Time— 2:22, 2:25. 2:29%, 3:S0, 3:30.
First race, pacing, stake for three-year-olds,
heats, three in five, value $360.' .'
Osmont, b. c, by Altamont-Saturn
(H. Ward) :.. :...- 2 5 111
Pearl Sinclair, b. xn..' by Hanford- .
Medium (W. Tryon) .....'....3.2 2 r. O.
Jo Eviston, b. g., by Seymour-
Wilkes (CIncello). lid
SUMMARY:
cidlng of the final six-furlong dash. At
the start Canderos, the favorite, with
Ransch, did not break with the field and
was left. He is a four-year-old by Can
dlemas-Hulda Dwyer, from the stable of
Walter Jennings, and was a supposed
grood thing. Near the three-furlong pole
Heraldo, ridden by H. Brown, a colored
boy, fell, bringing down with him Mif
ford and Toribio. J. Brown, who piloted
Mifford, suffered a fracture of the collar
bone and the horse was so -hardly, injured
that he was destroyed. Hoar "was badly
shaken, up, but ¦ fortunately escaped se
rious injury. The winner turned up in
Miss Vera, an 8 to. 1 shot, played down to
2hi, ridden by Howson, which wpn gallop
ing from Phlegon and Ravino.
SHAMROCK LIES
CLOSE TO WIND
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The . interstate
military match, open to teams of twelve
men from each State and Territory in the
United States, was won at Seagirt, N. J.,
to-day by the New Jersey. State team
with a total score of 1074 points. The com
pany team match for. teams of
three men each at 200 and 100 yards, flve
shots per man at each distance, was won
by the men from Company A, Sixth Bat
talion, District of Columbia, who scored
127 points.
New Jersey Wins.
BICYCLISTS AND HARNESS
RACERS DIVIDE THE THIRD
DAY OF THE FAIR.
Clubs— Won, Lost. Pet.
Ban Francisco 60 44 .577
Los Angeles 47 48 .495
Sacramento 46 -49 i .484
Oakland 43 • 57 .441
The Oaklands are to have another se
ries of six games this j week. They are
scheduled for six straight at Recreation
Park against the Sacramentos, the extra
game being set for 2:?.O Monday (Admis
sion day). The Dudes .were unfortunate
last week, being in a crippled condition.
The Friacos are due in Los Angeles this
week and Morley's men expect to recover
a little lost territory on the homegrounds.
The line-up for to-day is as follows:
Oakland. Positions. Sacramento.
Lohman ."Catcher Stanley
Mosklman Pitcher Stricklett
Strelb ......First base Hanjon
Arrellanes..... Second base Courtney
Kagan . . . .' Third base Sheehan
Francks. Shortst o» Devereaux
Dunlea vy Left field McLaughlla
Drennan Center field ABhenbach
Babbitt....... Right field Doyle
Baseball To-Day.
STANDING OF THE TEAMS.
¦ Horse Review trot ' for three-year-olds, purse
$5000— Rowellan - won .three, straight heats in
2:16%; 2:16^4. 2:17. Hawthorne, Carrie Bell and
Grace Arlington also started. • . <
2:12 trot, purse $5000— Chain . Shot won : three
straight heats in 2:10%.' 2:11.- 2:10%. Whitewood.
Wauban,. a Lady Thisbee, Senator L, .' Phoebe
Onward, ¦ Prince of India and: Carlyle Came
also started. j^»tffi&aSiaggaiig>ataBa«a»>aM» ¦nil mi
I Free-for-all . pace, . purse $2000— Prince Alert
won three straight heats In 2:04%, 2:04%, 2:06%.
Anaconda and Connor also started. ;
2:09 pace, puree . $3000 — Shadow Chimes won
three straight heats in 2:07%,. 2:06%, 2:10. John
T. Carmlc, George, Stacker .Taylor and Pussy
Willow also started.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. * 4.— Charter Oak
summary: ,""•;'.¦; -rjr-j. •, . -'
Face, Beating Anaconda
.-- and Connor. ',
Prince Alert Captures a Free-for-All
Bookmaker Caesar Young's mare Good
hope made the acquaintance of. some very
moderate company^ in the thlrC running
recital and, at odds of-1 to 3, cakewalked
home. Howson, on Mamie Hildreth, came
from far back, leading out Catherine
Bravo for the place. The- latter mare
made the running to the stretch. Pres
tidigitator was left.- Ransch had the leg
up on Gusto, which performed poorly. ¦
A chapter of accidents marked the de-
RO WELLAN" WINS HOUSE
REVIEW TROT WITH EASE
Achilles, now owned entirely by Jack
Atkin and trained by Eddie Carey, won
the Shafter stake in impressive . fashion.
He had Johnny Hoar -on his back, and
after being played : down to 2 to 5 came
from behind, beating Divina and Royalty
just as he pleased in 1:14&
For the first running affair, six fur
longs. Roundhead and Chaste closed equal
choices in the \ ring. J. Ranech had his
first mount at the meet on Roundhead
and both horses ran as if they had been
off on an alfalfa expedition. ; Claude Bur
llngame succeeded in \ getting McFarlane
away from the barrier and the old geld
ing, well handled, beat San Augustine a
length, at odds of 4.tol.- Grady ran third
after beine cut down.
The 2:18 pace was a sort of special for
a $400 purse and" proved a mere travesty.
Gaff Topsail, the favorite, gathered the
coin in straight heats, but will have a
merry old time when next he meets Rich
ard B. ¦ . •• .¦¦•:
Unfortunately for backers of Joe
Eviston, favorite for the pacing stake, the
Seympur Wilkes gelding broke down and
was- distanced in the third heat, after
having two heats to his credit. In all
three , heats the first choice .was forced
along by Pearl Sinclair, the pair practi
cally racing themselves to a standstill.
Catching them very tired in the third
heat, Osmont, driven, by H. Ward, won
easily from. Pearl, the favorite breaking
down- and catching the flag. There being
no other starters, v the mare went to the
barn under the rules for not winning a
heat in three, and . Osmont enjoyed a
walkover.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 4.— Not much
could be said favorable to the har
ness events at- Agricultural Park
this afternoon, both the three
year-old pacing stake and the
scrambled up number for 2:18 class pacers
savoring strongly of "bush" racing. The
runners plalnljN^ad the call, furnishing
geme average sport for a fair sized
crowd. Gaff Topsail captured the 2:18
pace, scoring down a hot- favorite. Achilles
annexed the' Shafter selling stake and
Goodhope downed a cheap bunch of sprin
ters, which ended the reign of first
choices.
In the forenoon there was quite an at
tendance at the park to see the relay
bicycle race. The local or Oak Park team
carried off the honors, defeating the 'boys
from Stockton and \Villows_
DIableta, b. ra.. by Diablo <Dwaln) 3 2 S
Penrose. b. g., by Falrose (Maston) 4 a 3
Wilfred L, br. g.. by Bozer (Leeper) 5 4 4
Miramonte, b. m., by Diablo (H. D.
Brown) .......; d
Tlme-2:19H. 2:16. 2:18»4.
Third race, six furlongs, selling, purse $225.
D. Morgan's b. g. McFarlane, 105, by Mariner-
Moonlight (Burllngatae). 4 to 1 1
San Augustine, br.. g., 105. by Emperor of
Norfolk-Hook Blonde (Ashley>. 5 to 1 2
Grady. b. h.. 110, by Three Cheers-Gold Cup
(Russell), 3 to 1 ....'. 3
Time, 1:15!£.
Chaste 99. Roundhead 99, Pongo 105, Feut
Etre 102 and Little Gun 107 also ran.
Fourth race. Shatter selling stake, two-year
olds, six furlongs, value $390.
J. PI Atkins' b. c. Achilles, 10S, by St. Carlo
Moonlight <Hoar). 2 to 5 1
Divina, br. f., 105, by Bassetlaw-Angelique .
(Russell), 3 to K 2
Royalty, b. g., 105, by Cavalier-Empress of
Norfolk (McCarthy), 7 to 2 I
Time, 1:14%.
Evea G 105, Rublna 105 and "Waterscratch. IDS
also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling, purse $250.
C. Young's ch. m. Good Hope, 111, by Conole
Clark-Gratitude (McCarthy), 1 to 3 1
Mamie Hildreth. 104. b. m., 3, by Thornhill- '
Mamie H (Howson), 8 to 1.. .....;. 2
Catherine Bravo, 103, b. m.. 3. by Rio Bravo-
Catherine B (Logue). 8Ho 1 S
Time. 1:14%. .
Galene 104, Gusto 116. Pidalia 1C4. Lou Cllere
den 109 and Prestidigitator 114 also ran.
• Sixth race, six furlongs, selling 1 , purse J225.
Walter Maben's b. m.. 4, Mlsa Vera, 107. by
Amlgo-Fame (Howson), 5 to 2 . \
Phlegon, b. m., 4, 110, by Piccolo-Little Rose
(Russell), 4 to 1 j
Ravlno, b. g.. 3. 102. by Racine- Precious
(Bozeman), 15 to 1 j
¦ Time, 1:14.
Little Sister 103. Canderos 107, Heraldo 110,
Toribio 105 and Mifford 105 also ran.
The entries for to-day's races are as follows-
First race, road, pacing and trotting, three In
five-Baby Button. Pansy, Regina F. Monroe
B, Pio and Candy Joe.
Second race, trot. 2:14 class, three in flve—
Richmond Chief. Boydello, Claudius Anzelia
O3ita end Dan W. . '
Third race, flve and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling— Glendenning 109. Lapidus 103
Colonel Smith 93. Marello 103. Hainault 106.'
Ah 93. \ /
Fourth race, one 'mile. State Fair stakes-
Scotch Plaid 10S. True Blue 102, Sir Hampton
100. - ¦
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs, thre«
year-olds and upward, selling— Torsida 102 Llz
zella 112. Casdale 105. Artllla 1G2. Coming Event
102. Kastaine 112. Galantbua 97, Canejo lot
Nettie Clark 109. t V*
Sixth race, flve furlongs, all ages, selling—
Clarando 119, Katie Walcott 112, Lou Clleveden
119. Gold Baron 122. Almoner 122. David S 123 .
Gypsy Boy 96, Mike Strausa 129, First Shot 122.
Fine Shot 122. Blue Bell 126. ¦. - .- - ¦¦ . ' '
Graham's Tyrone' Prince.
Class Reserve stake, eighty entries— Star Ken
nels' Black Head vs. W. Creamer's Lily
W right; George Sharman's Bowery Boy vs. P.
Rellly's Lady Granard; Pasha Kennels' Snap
shot vs. .W. J. Leonard's. .Tom Hurley; J. M.
Halton's May Hempstead vs. J.< M. Carroll's
Cascade; J.- "Willis* Half Moon vs ; " \V7 ; J. Leon
ard's-'Daylight:: M.- Nealon'si Agamemnon, vs.
A. Vanderherg's Naughty Girl; F. Jones'-Gali
vant-vs. M.- Xealon'a Aeneas; Pasha Kennels'
Rude Awakening vs, F. Schou's Norah Law
rence; John Kerrigan's Adamantine vs. Pasha
Kennels' Ben Klrby; James A". Kline's Coro
nado vs. H. Perigo's Controller; F. S. Price's
Brutus vs. Chiarini Bros.' White Hat; J. Ker
rigan's Barbara Frietchle Vs. Star Kennels'
Fontenoy; Chlarini Bros.* Master Workman vs.
M. B.-.Kavanaugh's May Be Keen; F. S. Price'*
Forget vs. J. H. Perigo's Faraway; J. I.
0'Brl.en's Statesman ,vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist: J. Kelly's Governor Mac vs. T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill; George Sbarman's St. Ives
vs. Captain Clarkson's Miss Brummel; J. -H.
McNeil's Blackhawk vs. George Sharman's Chi
cago Boy: P. Doyle's Thelma. vs. D. Walsh's
Sacramento Boy; J. McCormick's Black Daisy
vs. J. Markland's The Grafter; L. F. Barters
Best Bargain" vs. D. Walsh's Gallant- J.
Rock's Lady's Choice vs. T. J. Mclnerney's
Regina R; D. J. Ilealey's Tiburon vs. T. Cox's
Crocket Hill; E. M. Kellogg's Modest Lad vs.
Pasha Kennels' .Rollicking Airs; F. Schou's
Lady Glenklrk vs. D. J. Ilealey's Fine Form-
Star Kennels' Pickpocket vs. T. J. Cronin's
Wild Tralee; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple vs. John
Kerrigan's Prometheus; F. Schou's King's
Borderer vs. M. Nealon's Achilles; H. Lynch's
Game Cock vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Annie* Hall-
E. M. Kellogg's Modest Girl vs. F. Jones' Lol
vlna;.T. Horn's Lady Llzbeth vs. Pasha Ken"
nels' Risky Attempt; P. Jackson's Golden Rus
set vs. E. Neave's First Foot; Sterl & Knowles'
Oleta vs. F. P.- Clark's Glen .Roy; C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard vs. 'Pasha Kennels' Flyaway
J. Dowllng*s Sir Lawrence vs. L. F. Barters
Banner Bright; E. M. Kellogg's Crawford
Belle vs. P. Jackson's Honor Bright; T. Ken
ney's May Boy vs. J. Brenjord (names) Moun
tain Beauty; A. Vanderwhite's Lear King vs
Captain Clarkson's Sofala; Captain Clarkson's
Prompto vs.- Pasha Kennels' Golden Nugget:
F. Schaffer (names) Fair Glen vs. Ed Neave's
Castaway.
Second^ race, six furlongs— Ermack * won,
4.?* Dlllon second. Glove third. Time, 1:16»4,
Third race, one mile and seventy yards— Eng.
thlrti 1 F ' D0Wey 8econd . v£ l Caney
Fourth race, six furlongs— Merlda won, Horn
second. Sing Sing third. Time, l:15'/4 '
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs-Miss
T?me 1-M° n " second, -Kittle ¦ G third.
raw. flve furlongs-Stella. Perking ¦'won.
Our Jessie second, '- Queen W third.- Time,
Sixth ¦ race, six furlongs— Mercer won, Ocle
Brooks second, . Pharaoh third. Time, 1:14 1-5.'
ST. IX)U1S. Ma, Sett. 4,-r-Klnloch Park sum
mary: ¦ .-• ¦ • ~ y .-. ;¦*¦:>,:.• ;¦_ ;
Third race.- one --mile and a sixteenth— All
Saints won,.,J.. H/, Sloan second. Montreal
third. Time. 1:4814/
¦ Fourth race, five '-furlongs— Meditation won,
La Crimae second. Dash third. Time, 1:03.
Fifth race, six" furlongs, selling— Racebud
won. Colonel- Ballentlne second, Ahamo third.
Time, 1:15%. •'.
FORT ERIE. Sent. 4.— Results: ;
First ' race. ' six and a half* furlonus— Little
Veronica won, L. W. second, Frandoo third
Time. 1:23. ¦ >
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Vivlani. won. Messena' second, Hattle
Davis third. Time, 1:10%. . . . -_.-»<.¦
Red Ace vs. G. Graham's Funston: J. H. Ros
siter's Rustic Arbor vs. \V. H. Carmichael's
Keller; II. Lynch's Melrose Lad vs. E. Geary's
Rubie Sankey; E. H. Haley's Mavro vs. T. J.
Cronin's Minnie: P. M. Curtis' Miss Pye vs. W\
J. Browning's Little Jack; P. M.. Curtis' Mrs.
Fiske "vs. T.. Murnane's Bonus; George Nether
cott's Hickory Dick vs. E. Geary's Fannie
Hughle; F. Jones' . Kenilworth vs. T. J. Cro
nin's Jennie G; E. Gearj^s Minnie Sankey vs.
H. Lynch's. Merrimac; E. Geary's Roy Hughle
vs. Sterl & Knowles 1 Iceman; II. Lynch's Clar
ice vs. Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out;* II.
Lynch's Black Bart vs. J. H. Rosslter's Rich
Argosy; H. Lynch's A. J. Martin vs. L,. Barre's
Amedee^ Sterl & Knowles' For Libertyvs. Dr.
Leonard's Lothario: Dr. F. P. Clarke's Doc
Hweetman vs. Chiarinl Bros.' Tame Tralee; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks vs. George Nethercott's Red
Rock: T. J.. Cronin's Rambler vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers; E. Geary's Bonnie
Hughle vs. Dr. H. M. Chrlstensen's • Master
Harold; George Graham's Emln Bey vs. Chla
linl Bros.' 'Wild Eclipse; J. II. Rossiter's Real
Aristocrat vs. P. M. Curtis' Beckie Sharp; H.
Lynch's Harvey M vs. W. J. Browning's Sea
Flower; J. H. Rosslter's Regal Attire .vs. F.
Jones' Dorothy Belle; J. H. Rosslter's Royal
Archer vs. George Malcom's .Aeolus; .W.' H.
Kocher's Merriwa vs. T. -W. Barters Best
Bower: T. J. Cronin's Killamey vs. W. J.
Browning's St. I-.aurie; P. J. Horgan's Faugh
a-Ballah vs. T. J. Cronin's Kittie From Cork:
G." Graham's Lady Newark vs.' P. J. Curtis'
Betty Martin; P. .J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse
vs. J. H. Rosslter's Roped Arena; P. Steln
hoff's Pasha Belle vs. P. M. Curtis' Sir Pitt;
J. D. Cardinall's Hod vs. P. J. Horgan's Peer
less.
Class stake, twenty-four entries— D. J. Hea
ley's Lady Clare vs. E. Geary's Ireland; George
Sharman's Black Flush vs. F. Jones' • Wedge
wood; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe vs. T. J.
Cronin's Vandal; Pasha Kennels' For Freedom
vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; Ed Neave's Spiteful
vs. Star Kennels" Mayflower: E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha, vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory; Chlarini
Bros.*" Santonin vs. O. Zahl's Homer Boy:
PaFha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. K. Jones'
Ilarlean Gladys; E. M. Kellogg's Frisco Lad
vs. Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire; Star Kennels'
Game Boy vs. Star Kennels' . Herschel's Pride;
I>. J. Ilealey's Slsquoc Vs7 T. J. Mclnerney's
Norah: G. B. Merrill's Warpath vs.. George
Mariner won, Andes second, St. Cuthbert third.
Time. 1:13.
Third race, one mile and flve eighths, over
Fix hurdles — Eva Moe won. Refugee second,
Mazo' third. Time, 3:07.
Fourth race, . one mile . and . an eighth— Star
Chamber won, Malay second. Strangest third.
Time, 1 :S3 3-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlonsrs — T^and
seer won, . Lingo second. Throstle third.- Time.
1:07 2-5. • ¦ •
Sixth race, one mile and • twenty yards-
Searcher -won. Adelante second. • Rascelas third.
Time, 1:42 2-5. . .
¦Seventh- race, one mile — F"ai-onlu« -won. Fly-
Ing; Torpedo second. Captain Hamm third.
Time. 1:40 1-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Sept. 4.-Delmar Park sum
mary: ;;-.-: ";-V
First race. Fix furlongs, selling— Hazel Hugh
lett won. Xekarnis second, Charles E. Bllllng-s
ley third. Time. 1:14»4. .
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Prosper Lai Gal won, Beana second,'
Hardly third. Time. 1M6U. '
Third race, six furlongs.' ptfrse — Huntressa
won. Sambo second. Rose of Red third. Time
1:15. . '
Fourth race, ' one mile, selling;— Ethel Wheat
won, Va Iloorebeke second. Revoke third.
Time. 1:42.. ... .
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, .free
handicap — Verify won. Four I-eat C second.
Judge Pettus third. Time, : 1:21U. .
Sixth race. <• seven - furlongs, selUAg— I^adas
won. Tickful second., Ignis third: Time. 1:2814.- '
FLATBUSH STAKE
FOR NASTURTIUM
¦ • " deep Interest last night at Pythian
Castje. Sixty greyhounds were entered in
pie rich stake. Last year there were nine
ty-six entries, but owing to distemper and
other ills known in dogdom the stake is
much smaller Ihis year. There are, how
ever, a fine lot of dogs, representing the
best bloodjn the State.
That this' stake Is an important one is
evidenced by the care taken in listing the
dogs and the size of the fees imposed.
The owners had to pay quite a sum for
the privilege of running. Upon listing'
their entries they had to pay $1 each.
Then there were three payments. The
first payment was $2 50, the second a like
sum and the , final fee amounted to $5,
which was handed over to Secretary
KleVesahl last night
In all the stake amounts to 52*81. The
sura, of 11500. was added by - the Union
Coursing Park management. The prizes
will be awarded as follows: Winner of
stake, $992; runner-up. 5496; next two, 5125
each; next four. $75 each; next seven, $24
each; winners of one course, ' $10 each;
breeders to receive $125. or $62 50 each.
Two other stakes will be run during the
three days' coursing. A reserve stake of
eighty entries will be run off on Saturday
and Monday. There will be a champion
stake of twenty-four entries run off on
Sunday. The feature of this stake is the
return of Sacramento Boy. This dog won
the -John Grace cup -last -year, and will
b« trained in this city for . the classic
e«ent. which will be. brought pff next
month.
Following is the result of last night's
drawing: ,. ¦ - v
Futurity stake, olxty entries— J. H. Ro«sJter'B
r*TJ"^ HE drawing of the Futurity stake,
;]| which is to be run off at Union
. Ml - Coursing Park on Saturday and
SJL Sunday next, was -watched with
_.j . . — — — — — . . . — ' —
AEOLL'% A FOR FREEDOM-GOLDEN RUSSET PUPPY, IS HELD AS THE STRONGEST CANDIDATE FOR FU
TURITY HONORS. THE YOUNGSTER HAS SHOWN GREAT SPEED AND IN A TRIAL WITH THE FAST
BEACON RECENTLY UPHELD HIS REPUTATION.
The drawing for the. singles tourna
ment,: which will commence to-day, will
be- heltfithis morning, at the Hotel -Ra
fael.- The ¦ following crack players -have
already, entered:. :R. N.'- Whitney, Bell,
Braley. >' Sinsabaugh,*- - Hendricks. Mc-
Gavin, Collier, Hunt, ' Brown, Johnson,
Murdock, Smith, Goodlng and Hoffman.
Many other lesser, lights^ wllll enter this
morning. -
The championship match in doubles will
be playe,d Saturday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock, when the present champions,
George and Robert Whitney, will - be
called upon to' play the winners of the
tournament, Drummond McGavin and
Grant Smith:
The winners and runners up will re
ceive handsome silver loving cups for
their . efforts.' . ,
S Before the tournament the southern
contingent were strong favorites for first
honors, and the victory of McGavin and
Smith came as a great surprise. The
showing of the winners is made more re
markable by the fact that this is the
first time they have ever played to
gether in doubles, while all the other
teams have been in existence for several
years. : : : .
The all-comers' match In the doubles
tournament for the coast championship
was played on the courts I of the Hotel
Rafael yesterday afternoon and resulted
In a victory for Drummoridf McGavin
and Grant Smith, the ' local men. The
runners up were S. Sinsabaoigh and T.
Hendricks, the Southern California ex
perts. XThe victory of McGavin and
Smith was a, well-earned one, as they de
feated the champions, ex-champions and
second best team of Southern California,
Many are of the opinion that Hendricks
and Sinsabaugh are fully as strong as
Bell and Braley, and- they certainly
played a better game than the latter in
this tournament. The score was 6—8,
6—3, 6— 2, 8— 6. ¦" \ .
The first set went to ¦ the losers after
some very exciting and fast rallies. . In
this set the southern men out-volleyed
their opponents, which turned the bal
ance in their favor. In the second and
third sets McGavin and Smith improved
very much in their • volleying and took
the sets quite handily. Sinsabaugh did
not play as well in these sets as in
the first one, but his partner seemed to
Improve as the game progressed. Mc-
Gavin was forced to do the lion's share
of the work on the opening day, but yes
terday Smith was in much better condi
tion and bravely held jip his end. Mc-
Gavin, while hardly as brilliant as in the
match against Bell and Braley, was very
steady, and his lobbing was particularly
good. Smith won many points\ by his
swift service and volleyed fast and
strong. Sinsabaugh was probaply the
quickest man of the four at the ftiet. but
he was somewhat erratic and failed
at critical times. . Hendricks, who was
slightly handicapped by a sore knee, was
particularly strong in overhead work,
winning many aces by his swift and ac
curate smashing.
In the last set the real struggle com
menced. The losers started off well,
taking the first two games, but their op
ponents soon made it 2—2. At this stage
of the game McGavin, and Smith began
to resort to lobbing, to which their vic
tory was undoubtedly due. The losers,
at 5 — 4. were . within a point of winning
the set twice, but the steadier play of
their opponents won the day. Sinsa
baugh and Hendricks tried hard to ward
oft .defeat, but their opponents took the
next two games and set, 8— <>.
Championship Doubles pome
to an End at San
Rafael.
Smith and McGavin De
feat the Southern
Team..
There Was a General Spill at the Close of; the Final Six-Furlong
"Dash, in Which the Rider of Mifford' Suffered a Fracture of the
¦¦/ GoHar-Bone, and It Was Found Necessary to Shoot the Horse
LOCAL MEN WIN
FIRST HONORS
RUNNERS HAVE THE CALL OVER
HARNESS HORSES AT STATE FAIR
SP0RT S ON WEASTERN AND EASTERN FIELDS, TRACKS AND WATERS.
Prizes Offered Are Far Above Those of Any, Preceding Like
Stake; — Three Days' Coursing Which Will Bring Out the Best
Hare-Chasing Material in the West— Fine Line of Puppies
RICHEST OF ALL FUTURITIES
WILL BE RUN AT UNION PARK
THE SAX FE AfrCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
4
What a luxury Pears'
soap is! x>
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
. All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
• . tell a, especially druygists.
¦DR.MFVERS&CO.
1SSL Consultation ffyf
and private book
free, at offlcs or by 't-jfl* 1
mail. Cures guar- [Mb l '-*%&££M
anteed. 731* Mar- \&m%3&W '
"vket street (eleva- JC** "t^^^'^5
tor entrance). San /4jN*7J*rp|g > 4L»
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Strike Cases in Court.
Henry Davis, tne Doy teamster who was
"attacked by a number of strikers while
going to his work at Ho ward -and -New
DATA FOB, GRAND JURY.
the Police Courts.
Stenographer Examines Records of
At the meeting of the Grand - Jury to
morrow the complaint made . by j . Attorney.
Joseph Corf ey that Police - Judges have
been discriminating in favor of the strik
ers by illegally continuing and dismissing
cases. and accepting ridiculously low. bail
for their, appearance in court will proba
bly be heard. • Charres R. Gagan, stenog
rapher for, the Grand Jury, was engaged
yesterday afternoon in . looking . over the
Police Court records and . procuring data
to be laid before that body. ~
Twenty Arrive From East and Enter
Employ of.tho Scotts.
The accessions to the working force at
the UnlonV Iron Works continue dally,
according to the .managers. Yesterday
developed the fact that twenty men' were
added to the payroll of the' company
during the morning, making a total of
52 men during the week. The machinists
and other laborers who went to work
yesterday v are recent arrivals from the
East, and will be protected by the com
pany.
The report that union machinists are
returning to ,the works is vehemently
denied by the officers of the Iron Trades
Council. They assert that the - strikers
are holding out bravely and that they
will not give in until their right to a
shorter workday is won. <
Notwithstanding this • denial . leading
machine firms claim that they are not
suffering materially for want of men.
The situation, they assert, is better
now than at any time since the strike was
inaugurated. . .
MOBB MEN AT IBON WORKS.
Federation Delegates Arrested onSus-
picion, but Promptly Eeleased.
Frank Johnson and Gus Helmgren were
arrested yesterday by Detective Egan on
suspicion of being concerned In the steal-
Ing of a bag containing the clothes and
$640 belonging to a sailor named David
Linden, who with another member of the
crew of the bark Highland Light was
forced to leave that vessel by union pick
ets last Thursday morning. The prisoners
were released by order of Captain Sey
mour last night, as David Linden, the
sailor who claimed he had been robbed,
failed to put in an appearnce, notwith
standing thfltt he had told Captain Sey
mour that he would appear and swear to
a complaint.
Linden had been hanging around the
Hall of Justice for several days prior to
the arrest of. the men. and his disappear
ance when he :iad an opportunity to press
the case against the members of the un
ion is looked upon with suspicion by the
police.
The men who left the vessel last Thurs
day passed their bags over the side of the
ship to the union pickets,* who patrol the
bay in a small boat. Linden claims that
he was taken from the Sailors' Union hall
and beaten/ and that the officials there
kept his bag, containing his clothes . and
money. .
Johnson and Helmgren are prominent
members of the Sailors' Union. They are
both delegates to the City Front Federa
tion and are known as strong union men.
When the matter was reported to Cap
tain Dunleavy, Andrew Furuseth, secre
tary of the Sailors' Union, was sum
moned and questioned concerning the al
leged robbery. Furuseth denied having
any knowledge of Linden or his bag. Cor
poral Egan was . detailed on the case,
and after making an investigation picked
out Johnson and Helmgren as the guilty
men. There was little evidence to show
that the two prominent union men had a
hand in the robbery, and when Linden
failed, to appear to identify them Captain
Sevmour issued, the order giving them
their freedom. . .
When the news of the arrest was made
known Attorney Hutton, who represents
PLAINTIFF DISAPPEARS.
Wttllam Hudnoll was arrested In Oak
land yesterday by Detectives Dinan and
"Wren and charged with stealing a cornet
valued at ISO from Curtaz & Sons, dealers
In musical Instruments on OTarrell
etreet. The cornet was found in a pawn
shop across the bay.
Caught in Oakland.
Stones With Bullet
Non-Union Man Answers Volley of
A non-union teamster in the employ of
McNab & Smith fired a shot in the direc
tion of a crowd of strikers yesterday aft
ernoon at the corner of Sixth and Bran
nan streets. The teamster, who was ac
companied by a special policeman, was
driving an empty truck to McNab &
Smith's wool shed on Brannan street,
near Townsend. Just as he was turning
the corner of Sixth and Brannan streets
a crowd of about a dozen strikers com
menced to hurl stones at him. The teams
ter immediately drew his gun and fired.
The shot was evidently meant only to
frighten^the men, as the bullet found
lodgment in the - sidewalk close to- the
truck. The crowd immediately dispersed.
The special officer took no part In the af
fair. • -- •
The teamster who did the Bhootlng, ac
cording to the strikers' story, has been
making himself especially obnoxious.
They state that he has worn a revolver
in a most threatening and offensive man
ner and that when he first went to work
for McNab & Smith he refused the.pro
tection of an officer, claiming that ha
could protect himself. This boast aroused
the resentment of the strikers and it Is
believed that it was instrumental in caus
ing the attack.yesterday.
Act in Concert.
Salinas Merchant Urges Farmers to
The following communication from a
merchant of Salinas has been received,
with the accompanying: proposal of con
certed action on the part of the farmers
of the State in the attempt to market
their crops: > .
SALINAS CITY, Cal.. Sept. A. 1301.
Editor Call, San Francisco, CaL— Dear Sir:
Believing that prompt, concerted action on the
part of the country, people Is all that will
rave this State from a financial panic I have
written the Inclosed call to them, and if you
will kindly print the same in the columns of
The Call which seems to be impartial ana
fair, and if this call is liberally ; responded to
I will give my best efforts to a carrying out of
the plans for the revival of our industries.
Yours for action, C. A. DAYTON.
To my countrymen: The time Is very short
now. in which to move the products of the
country before the setting In of the winter
rains. If they are not moved at once the low
•will be greater than we would sutler by the
total failure of crops. The time has come for
action. The crops cannot .be moved for the
reason that men are not given protection in
the unloading and loading of vessels. It is
not for us to inquire at this late day which
side Is right In the strike controversy. We
cannot afford to allow bodies of men to ruin
us while they ruin themselves. If they will
not handle our crops they must allow us to
do so. Me must furnish men and protection
to handle these crops, and It must be done
at once. Another month and it will be too
If you all feel as I do we can have our
crops moving in good shape inside of ten days.
Shall wo move them? An executive committee
consistlr.s: of one farmer of note from each
county In the State is needed to proceed at
once to San Francisco to manage our affairs
until our products are moved: the namei of
ten thousand good, able-bodied men that can
be available to the call of the executive
committee to handle our products; the names
of twenty-flve thousand men that are willing
to answer the call of the commutes to protect
the men that are handling: our products, and
th.p names of all persons that are wllllne to
assist in any way whatever . in putting this
season's crops upon the market. Don't con
elder yourself too little or insignificant to
answer this call. Your dally bread is Just as
Important to you as mine is to me. " Send In
your name to-day and state what you can do
to assist as a laborer, guard or with donations
to the executive committee to defray any
necessary expenses, and also give the name of
some trusty farmer in your county that you
would like to have act as your representative
on the executive committee, and if you act
promptly we will be saved from the immense
loss that now threatens us. Address
C. A. DAYTON.
Salinas, Monterey County, Cal.
Gilkey*s Blig-h.ted Affection Fails \ to
Disturb His Rich and Suc
cessful Kival.
Robert J. Northam, the husband of the
Los Angeles bride who Stanley r>. Gilkey,
a resident of the city of the angels. Is
eulns for $50,000 as - a recompense for
blighted affection, is now at the Grand
Hotel, where he arrived yesterday. When,
seen and questioned concerning the
trouble Northern said he was as much at
tea as any one. Northam has the reputa
tion of being both a good fellow . and a
man of the world, and he treated the
whole affair as any man of large caliber
would. He merely laughed at it and ex
pressed his contempt for any masculine
mind that Is so constituted as to make it
possible for Its owner to be a party to
Eucb an affair.
"I know nothing about the matter," Bald
Northam, "save what I have seen In the
papers since arriving here. If there has
been any suit filed it has been entered
since I left I>os Angeles. I'll not discuss
the matter seriously. No man would. I
do not know this fellow Gilkey, however,
and I'd not blame any girl for breaking
«.n engagement with him.
"No. I'll not do anything to Gilkey.
Gilkey Is making $50 a month as a clerk
In an overall 6tudlo on Spring street."
PLAN TO MARKET CROPS.'
COLONEL "BOB" NORTHAM
NOT AT ALL WORRIED
Solemn Ceremonies Over Remains of
Luther E.' Thrasher.
Services over the body of the late
Luther E. Thrasher, a gauger In the
United States revenue service, were held
In the Masonic Temple "yesterday after
non. They were simple but impressive
In their simplicity. The services were
held under the auspices of California
Lodge No. L Worshipful Master Walter
A. ticott read the ritual, and responses
were made by the members. ¦. ¦
The Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor, of
the Union-street Church. Oakland, who
was a classmate of deceased, paid a tri
bute to his memory.
During the services the choir rendered
appropriate music The pallbearers were
John Noonen, David F. Ewart, T. F.
Mock, F. H. Driscoll, Benjamin Asch and
R. J. Luttringer.
Five "Onion Men Return to Their
Wagons — Millmen's Troubles in
Hands of Committee. . ¦
TEAMSTER FIRES AT CROWD.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— William Osborne,
C. F. Bradley, F. Sprinkle, Edward Mc-
Feeley and G. F. Gould, union teamsters,
who were on strike, have returned to
work with the Merchants' Express Com
pany, each man having oecome a stock
holder In the corporation. Because of
that move the Brotherhood of Teamsters
has. boycotted the company.
The Building Trades Council has re
ferred to its executive committee for a
report Tuesday evening the matter of per
mitting union longshoremen and team
sters to handle lumber and coal dis
charged by non-union crews at Oakland
docks and yards. For ten days, under a
special agreement with the -employers,
this situation has obtained. The council
held a lengthy session last evening,
but reached no decision, leaving final ac
tion in the hands of the executive com
mittee. There is a strong disposition on
the part of the council to continue as at
present in order thsft contractors might
not be hampered for supplies, and .that
union mechanics be not laid off because
supplies are not to be had at the yards.
Settlement of the questions involved in
the planing mills' agreement as to union
izing of the mills has been placed in' the
hands of a special committee of the
Building Trades Council , composed of H.
E Hahn, R.~ Willeke, D. Anker and E.
Barbeau. The Mill Owners' Association's
committee is composed of A. Kendall, C.
L. Ingler and E. C Bridgeman. There
will be no trouble, as the compromise
signed six months ago that terminated
the mill operatives' strike • contains all
necessary provisions to meet the situa
tion.
In a number of mills union and non
union men are working together. The
mill owners claim that the Building
Trades Council has permitted its mem
bers to handle material from non-union
shops and has not afforded the agreement
signers full protection.
The entire subject will be placed before
President McCarthy of the San Francisco
Building Trades Council. <**
TEAMSTERS GO TO WORK.
INTERRED BY THE MASONS,
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger paid a beauti
ful tribute to the memory of the late Dr.
Gustavus Schiff, whose funeral was held
yesterday. The pastor of Temple Emanu-
El and the physician were warm personal
friends, and when the former spoke beside
the bier his heart was full of love and
sorrow for the departed.
The relatives and friends who crowded
the late residence of Dr. Schiff at 1S20
line street were moved to tears by Dr.
Voorsanger's words. The speaker told of
the warm bond of friendship that had ex
isted between the physician and himself.
He said It dated far back to the time
when the speaker was in Texas. He told
of the good deeds done by the deceased,
dwelt on hie charity and goodness and
praised him for his kindly acts to the
poor. Racol Voorsanger said the doctor
was born for humanity and the work im
posed upon him by the Omnipotent had
t>een fulfilled in every measure.
The rabbi told of the valuable services
performed by Dr. Schiff during the Civil
\var,« when as assistant surgeon he
worked incessantly among the wounded
In Isashville. Tenn. He dwelt at length
on the sacrifices deceased made for hu
manity. He said that during the cholera
epidemics of 1866 he boldly entered upon
the work of alleviating the sufferings of
the afflicted, and was spared to continue
his noble work. In 1873, he said, Dr. Schiff
once more entered the field to relieve the
Bufferings of the cholera stricken people
end passed through the epidemic un
ecathed.
The rabbi traced his history down to the
day of his death, and said that the life of
the deceased was full of acts of heroism,
charity and noble deeds.
An entire room was filled with floral
tributes from physicians, patients and
friends of the deceased. There were six
ty-two set pieces, that ranged from a va
cant chair to a pillow.
The pallbearers were Rudolph Sampson,
"Wallace A. Wls«. Morris Miteau, Henry
Frohman, Samuel Sternheim and Isidor
X*vy.
x ue remains were taken to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery and cremated. This was the ex
pressed wish of deceased, and his family
carried out his wishes.
C. C. Blodgett of Colusa, who came here
a' few days ago, and E. Donnelly,- a for
mer employe of the Del Monte Milling
Company, were attacked by a mob last
night at the corner of Fourth and Jessie
streets and . brutally kicked and beaten.
An attempt' was made to rob. them,' but
they succeeded in breaking away from
the crowd. Blodgett and Donnelly were
treated at ¦ the Central Emergency Hos
pital for numerous bruises. -
Mob Attacks Two Men.
Gus Magnesson, the striking stevedore
who assaulted Fritz Hock, 707 Mission
street, a non-union man, and was arrested
for attempted robbery, was convicted by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of
battery. He will be sentenced to-morrow.
Montgomery streets on the morning of
August 6, and who shot one of them, Sam
uel F. Cole, 57 Clara street, appeared be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday on the
charge of assault to murder.' Cole, who
has recovered from his wound, saw Davis
was his friend, ; and as he declined to
swear to the complaint the Judge dis
missed the case. , ¦ • .. .. . .
Edward Haynes, a striking teamster,'
was arrested yesterday .on a warrant
charging him with threats against life.
The complaining witness is William Mur
ray, one of Curtln's special officers, liv
ing at 796 Harrison ¦ street. Murray com
plained that Haynes .and other - strikers'
called at his residence and threatened to
kill him if he did not quit his job. ,
Charged by a Curtin Han.
By request of Customs Collector Strat
ton the Secretary of the Treasury has
given permission for the employment of
the sixteen- temporary customs inspectors
on strike duty at 53 per day to be contin
ued for an additional thirty days.
Customs Inspectors on Strike Duty.
HEARTY WELCOME AWAITS
/. GENERAL JAJVTES SMITH
The sum of $1000 will be required for the
reception,* exclusive of the banquet, and
Colonel McCarthy appointed the following
named as a finance committee: Colonels
Miles, Boxton. Burgin, O'Neill, McDonald
and General Dickinson. General Warfleld
was appointed treasurer.
Colonel O'Neill stated that efforts to se
cure a portion of the balance of. the-tnoney.
subscribed by the public for the reception
of the First California Regiment were (
unsuccessful. Mayor Phelan had informed
Colonel McCarthy that the majority of
the members of the committee that had
charge of the fund were out of the State.
The plans outlined last evening In
clude a reception and welcome on the bay
when General Smith arrives on the trans
port Grant. Bands of music and. refresh
ments will be provided by the officers who
will meet the transport with its distin
guished traveler. Governor Gage and
Mayor Phelan, together with prominent
business men, will be invited to take. part
in the bay reception. General Smith will
be escorted from the dock to his home by
his brother officers, carriages being pro
vided. A banquet will be tendered to Gen
eral Smith on an evening' to be, decided
upon •- when v he -arrives.-.. A public* recep
tion and review of the National" Guard
and the First California Volunteers will
be held at the Mechanics' Pavilion a' few
evenings after General Smith's home
coming. :
A meeting was held last evening of the
officers of ¦ the First California Regiment,
the First Regiment of the National Guard
and officers of the division, brigade and
staff. The meeting tpok place at the' ar
mory on Page street, when plans for the
reception of General Smith were out
lined.
* Colonel W. McCarthy, chief medical of
ficer of the National Guard, was. in the
chair, and those present were General
Warfleld, Colonel McDonald, Adjutant
Burgin, Colonel Miles, Colonel O'Neill,
Major McCrey, Major Robinson and Cap
tains Warren, Egert and Petty. Lieuten
ant Dowdell acted as secretary.
When General James Smith, late colonel
of the First California Regiment of "Vol
unteers, returns home this month, he will
be accorded a, hearty welcome, by his
brothers in arms, with whom he fought
against the wily Filipinos.
Veteran of Filipino War to Receive
Warm Greeting by Former
Comrades.
SEEKS FBANCHISES FOB
. ELECTRIC CAR LTNTES
Attorney E. Myron "Wolf of this city
has filed suit In the courts of Santa Clara
County to compel the Board of Super
visors of the' county to grant his fran
chises for electric roads from the Garden
City to Alviso and San Mateo. Though
Wolf put In bids higher than thoso of
George T. Dunlap, the franchises, were
awarded to the latter. Wolf claims that
he represents a syndicate of electric
road magnates, but declines to state who
they • are. The general opinion In San
Jose is that Wolf really, represents the
Southern Pacific Company, which Is de
sirous of .securing the franchises in or
der to shut off competition. When seen
yesterday Wolf positively declined to
state whom he represented. He would
neither affirm nor deny that he was work
ing in the interests of the Southern-Pa
cific Company, but stated that the men
he represented were prepared to build
the electric roads in question.
Against Santa Clara County
, Supervisors.
E. Myron "Wolf Begins Legal Fight
Luther E. Thrasher's Remains
Are Laid to Rest by
the Masons.
several labor unions, petitioned Judge
Dunne for writs of habeas corpus to se
cure the release of the prisoners. The pe
titions, which were sworn to by Hutton,
set forth that Johnson and Helmgren
were illegally restrained of their liberty
by Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
Dunleavy. The writs were made return
able to-day at 10 a. m. .r
MORE VESSELS PUT TO SEA.
Union Pickets Found in Crew, of the
Steamer Rainier.
Despite the efforts of the union pickets
to prevent the steamer Rainier getting
out of the harbor with a non-union crew
that vessel cleared yesterday afternoon
with every berth filled. She would have
sailed on time but for the fact that two
of the men shipped were found to be un
ion men placed aboard the ship to entice
the non-union men ashore. When the
two men were discovered they were or
dered off the vessel and the departure of
the steamer was delayed until two men
could be secured - to replace them. D.
Aylevich, one of the union pickets sent
abcard the Rainier, was arrested by Offi
cer Bean for refusing to obey the- cap
tain's order to leave the ship -and a
charge of drunkenness was placed against
him.
The Walla Walla sailed on time quite
heavily laden with freight. The other ves
sels that sailed were the Point Arena, San
Pedro and the Hongkong Maru. Each of
these vessels carried large cargoes.
The ' collier Manydown was towed to
Oakland yesterday and the collier Horda
was taken to the bunkers at the foot of
Beale street, where she will discharge her
cargo of coal.
James Lantry was arrested near the
docks of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company yesterday morning by
Officers Mullender and Mackey and
charged at the Harbor Station with bat
tery. Lantry, with a number of others,
assaulted Dennis Bowan on Spear street
yesterday morning as he was on his way
to work. Officer Mullender witnessed the
assault and ran toward the struggling
crowd. The men who were beating Bowan
broke and ran as the officers neared them
and they all succeeded in getting out of
sight with the exception of Lantry. Offi
cer Mackey, who was coming down to the
water front on a Howard street car,
jumped from the car and Joined in the
pursuit. After a chase of several blocks
they caught the striker and took him to
the Harbor Station.
a N effort is being made to bring
i\ about a conference at 10 o'clock
ZA\ this morning at the Palace Hotel
A. jX between the Conciliation Com
mittee of the Board of Super
visors, the officers of the Draymen's As-
Bcrciation and a committee from the Em
ployers' Association. If the meeting is
not held at that hour It will very prob
ably be held some time durine the after
noon or evening.
The conciliation committee has had sev
eral conferences with the labor leaders
and while its members are pledged to
secrecy they do not hesitate to say. that
the prospect of attaining results is good
and that they have hope of being able
to report within a short time some defin
ite plan of direct conference or settlement
by other means that will meet with the
approval of both parties to the labor con
troversy.
Charles L. Tilden. president, and George
Renner, manager, will probably represent
the Draymen's Association if the meet
ing be held. The Draymen's Association
approved at its regular meeting last night
the course of the executive committee and
continued the power of the committee to
act for the association in any negotiations
looking to the settlement of the strike.
This action is regarded as having direct
bearing upon the proposed conference to
day.
The Employers' Association has not lent
encouragement to the various efforts at
conciliation that have been undertaken,
and if it send a committee to the confer
ence this morning the significance will be
great, i The official character of the Su
pervisors' committee vests the approach
ing conference with an importance which
would not attach to a meeting with a like
committee from a private or quasi-public
organization. The fact that the Employ
ers' Association recognizes the committee
to the extent that It is willing to confer
with it relative to the strike and the best
means for bringing about peace will ap
pear to many to be a happy augury o: an
early settlement of the dispute. What the
committee of Supervisors has up its sleeve
no one knows, as its operations thus far
have been kept a close secret, but it Is
known that it now enjoys the confidence
of both sides to the controversy. .
M. F. Michael, attorney for the Employ
ers' Association, was out of the city last
night and could not be reached. Frank J.
Symmes did rot know of the proposed
conference and could not say who would
compose the committee if one were sent.
Members of the conciliation committee
fell back upon their pledge of secrecy
and refused to divulge the details of the
proposed conference. ,--
The second meeting of the Draymen s
Association since the strike of the team
sters was inaugurated six -weeks ago was
held at the Alcazar last night. About 100
draymen were in attendance and Presi
dent C. L. Tilaen occupied the chair.
Though it was not announced, the pur
pose of the meeting is understood to have
related to the conterence of to-day. • ;
Manager George Renner reported the re
sult of the conference with the teamsters
last week, which was the withdrawal of
the offer made by the executive.commit
tee of the association to the teamsters be
cause of its rejection by the representa
tives of the brotherhood. The report ex
cited considerable discussion. A few
draymen stated that they were Buffering
hardship in consequence of the strike and
they urged an early settlement of the dis
pute. The sentiment of the majority was
in favor of allowing the executive com
mittee of five to act in the premises as it
saw fit. .
Rabbi Voorsanger Re
calls Kind Acts of
Late Dr. Schiff.
EMPLOYERS AND SUPERVISORS
MAY HOLD IMPORTANT MEETING
Movement Is Set on Foot to Secure a Conference To-Day Between
the Conciliation Committee, Representatives of the Draymen ' % s
Association and a Committee of the Employers'- Association
PAYS A TRIBUTE
TO HIS FRIEND
BIBLICAL PLAY
WINNING FAVOR
Crowds Flocking to Cen
tral to Hear New.
Production.
"A Royal Family" Is Playing
to Capacity of the
£"•; Columbia.
The Chutes and Zoo offer as extra at
traction for to-night a "ladies basket-ball
contest." -With the wide Interest in tho
game this should prove a very popular
number. The usual good vaudeville bill is
included. .• " ¦ ¦ ¦ . .-~
This week's list of entertainers at Fisch
er's Concert-house includes the Paloma
Quartet, Sam Holdworth, tenor; Fred
Cooper and Georgle Woodthorpe, In "The
Midnight Visitor' 1 ; June Mathlas, William
Durant, the . "musical Chinaman"; Paul
La Crolx, juggler; Coleman and Mexia,
sharpshooters, and Davis and -De Heard,
colored comedians. Von Suppe's "Beauti
ful Galatea" will be sung next week.
This week's ¦ programme is attracting
the usual large audiences to the Orpheum.
J. Aldrich j Libby-, Katherine Trayer and
John D. Gilbert are especial favorites in
"The Debutante," while the La Vallee
trio is a pleasing novelty. The Five Sun
beams, talkative Miss Norton, Lucille
Saunders, Mile.- Lotty, Powell, the magi
cian, and the Cragg family "of acrobats,
In their last week, complete the show.
George W. Leslie, a San Francisco favor
ite, will open wi,th his company of come
dians on Sunday.
• * •
There is a, good old timer - playing at
the Grand Opera-house this week, "Rose
dale," with - Joseph Haworth as Elliott
Grey. The appearance of Mr. Haworth
is notable In that he is regarded as the
only living successor of Edwin Booth in
the line of legitimate tragedy. The actor
has practically no opportunity for the ex
ercise of his particular gifts in "Rose
dale," but makes, nevertheless, a satisfy
ing figure of Elliott: Grey. Next week
"Quo Vadis" will be put on, and Mr. Ha
worth will ¦ have a worthy part as Vini
clus.
Miss Florence Roberts will revive an
other Shakespearean play during'the com
ing .week; -"The Taming' of the-ShreW,
in which she will appear as Katherine and
White Whittlesey as Petruchlo. Mean
time "Ingomar" is proving a popular bill
and fllllng-'tho house comfortably at every
performance. j - . '
The Tivoli has an attractive bill this
week with "Norma,". the seldom heard,
and the -favorite "Mignon."' Barbareschi
is doing excellent work as the .priestess
in the former opera and Collamarini does
herself ample credit in the title role of
Thomas' pretty . opera. •-The men are
equally well crovlded for this week in
their roles— Russo as Wllhelm Meister,
Castellano as Pollio, Dado as the high
priest and Nlcolini as Lothario. Next
week comes "Carmen," with Collamarini
at her very best. This bill has been more
persistently redemanded than any other
in the Tivoli repertoire, and will certainly
be most popular. The alternating bill,
"Faust," will be effective contrast, and
will show Agostini as Faust, Montanart
as Marguerite and Dado as Menstofele.
The repertoire for the' good-by week of
the Nelll Company at the California has
undergone a j change from . the one • pre
viously announced. "Barbara Frietchle"
will be given on Sunday night, at a spe
cial 25 and 50 cent matinee on . Monday
afternoon (Admission day), and for a final
time on Monday night. The -first produc
tion here by the Neills of Dion Bouci
cault's famous racing play, "The Jilt,"
will be given on Tuesday night and again
at the "bargain matinee", on Thursday
afternoon. • An . interesting- coincidence
concerning this famous play has Just been
discovered. Fifteen years ago Bouclcault
gave the first production in the world of
this play here upon the stage of the old
California Theater. Wednesday night "A
Bachelor's Romance" will be given. On
Thursday night "The Royal Box" will be
the offering and on Friday night "The
Lottery of Love" will be given as the
good-by performance.
> Quite the best thing that has come to
town from every standpoint and for many
moons is Charles Frohman's production
of "A Royal Family,"; now. running at the
Columbia. Annie Russell as ths star of
the organization, the pretty princess who
has read "Romeo and Juliet" to good pur
pose, wishing to marry the Prince Charm
ing of her own choice, has won all hearts.
The -supporting company Is, without ex
ception, excellent, including as it does
Mrs. Gilbert in a wonderful performance
of the Queen Dowager's part, a richly hu
man and technically marvelous portrait
of the Cardinal by W. H. Thompson, a
polished and^ ' humorous . picture of ,. the
King of Arcaciaby;Laurence d'Orsay, and
a most convincing lover at the hands of
Orrin Johnson. It is playing to' the house's
capacity at every performance. '
The new Biblical spectacle at the Cen
tral Theater, "A Voice From the Wilder
ness," is undergoing rapid revision, with
the result of a marked Improvement at
every performance. The production has
aroused the widest j Interest ' and the at
traction promises to fill the house indefi
nitely. Nothing ao important has ever
been done . here before .from a scenic
standpoint and as a spectacle • it bears
comparison with the best Eastern work.
With further rehearsal the piece is also
going much more smoothly and the play
ers are finding their places in the picture.
There is only praise heard on every hand
for the splendid enterprise of the man
agement. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L.,^THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1 901;
5
EXPERT
EYE-GLASS
....WORK.
Oculists' Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
PHONE MAIN IO.
under chrohicli BuiLOiNfr. CATALOGUE fnC.
642 Market 5t. instruments
MENWANTED.
Hunters Point
Drydock.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Xrstfsu !••*«« nnil Mr* *nm to nrrlf* sta
MAN rtlA HVHCO.
(Main Iiiio. Foot of Market Strati)
MATS — F BOW JTJXT 14. 1901. — AJt*m
7i«O a Benlefa, Sulsra. Elinlra and 8*er»-
mento ti%a p
7:00a VtcaTiUe. WlntentBnajsey 7j33»
7«3Oa M»rtluei, SnolUmon. Vtilojo. U»[t«,
Oallstoga and Santa Kosa...'. CiSSr
S:O« a Darla, Woodland. KnlghU T-*"' 1 *-!'.
MarysTUl*. Urotlllo Ti»S»
8:00* Atlantio Kxpress-Ogden and But ia<S3»
•iOOa Nllea. Lathrop, Stockton...... 7<Ba»
¦iOOaNUm. Mondota. Hanfoid. VisalU,
Jporterrula 4>Sa»
•«*O a Shasta Express— DarkLWUllamsffc*
Bartlett BpringiX WlUow*. Bad
Bluff, Portland.. TlU»
Mlil«u Joae. Lltermore, 8 look ton.
Ion*. H»8T»mento, PUoerrUl*,
M»rji»lll«. CUoo. Ued Blnlt 4i»5»
6taT«* Oakdale. Chines* (Yooemite). S«-
nor*. CtoUin 4tZX*
ti«»* Hayward. Miles and T»j SUUoas.. • » »»«*
•t«tA VaUejo la«aa»
•••• a Los Angeles Exnrass — If utfass. '*.
Traoj . Lathrop, Stooktoow Usroed
Traano and l>oa Angelas .......... 7i*3»
»t»»A TaUeta. Martinet aud Way Stations 7i!»»f
1 arOOA She OrerUnd Limited— Ogdan. D«f>
*er, Om»h», Chioafu CiSSr
fliO»r Saeramento K1t«* Hie*m«r« {Si««a
t.tOr Baywaid. Kiln and Way BUllom.. »i*S#
**—r Benleta. Wlators. aaotamanko.
Woodland. Knights Landlnj.
M«rjri7llU,Oro?III» l*:39t
«tt«r Martiuex, Ban IUmon. V»1UJ*
Nspa. Uallstota. HanU Rosa «iS3a
4iO*» KUea. LlTerman. Btosktom. Lodl... Is)i»9r
4i8»p Haynrd. Nllea, San Jom, Umnan tSiSSA
«>SOr Port Costs, Tracy. Laibrop, Stooktoa IsxbSa
•lOttpTh* Owl Limited- frewo, Talwn,
BakenSeld. Bangns for 8»uU Bar*
bars. Los Angeles »i33t
•<••>• Martin? i. AnUoch, Stockton. Ms*- •
owl. Fresno l*i«a»
•t*«r Tosemlta lSKS*
•tNi Hew Orleans Express— Msndota*
Fretca Bakertfleld. Lss ?ogelesu .
i Demiog. El Fim, Me* Oimas
and Bast TsBS*
•ia>« v H ar ward. NUes and Saa Jos*....... t ¦»» a
?•¦oorV.ll.jo llit>«
•••op Oriental Mail— Ofden, Clwjenae,
Omaha, Chicago 13iS3r
•rOOr Oriental JUII-Oiden, DenTtr.
Bt Lonl». Chloaco. 4«S3»
flMrOnionaud C&UfuroIa Rxpr«H,Ha«.
rmiuantu, M«rj«»II!o, Redding. .
PortlaiHl, Pii»et Hound and East 9tO9k
•i«8f8»d P»blo, Port Cotta. Mminw
»»d Wa# Stations 11.53*
t»rt>3p Vtlli-lo 7i3>y
COAST LJNB (Harrow Uaa S t).
(foot of Market 8tresl.) ¦
|7»4Wa (Unta Crux ExearsJon to rtaau Cms
. and Principal W»y Stations tSt«a*
¦USAHewark.CeiiterTllle.8aa Jom. Vsiton.
Boulder Cmek.dau la Or us and Way
Stations •*••
!•»!»» Newsrk. CentetTille, San Jose. Hew
Almadea, Feltoa. Donlder Creek,
Santa Utas and Prlnoipal -' Waf
BUUoh* i«!««a
ItlSr Newark. Han Joie, l«s Gato* . t»» ( *»4
»4«1Bf Ole»wood.BonideT 'Creek, Santa Ctbs «a»a*4>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
•nsi 111 r&llCISCO— root *f auktt Stmst (JU» t>-
ri:l» ».00 11KM4.M. 1:09 >:0O 5:ISr.-.
r>iaOHU|l— n«l •( l(»4 w.j.—tn-.OO Sa.-*« tS98t
10:004.11. »:C0 8:03 i:CJrji.
COAST LJNTJ (Broad Oaste).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) -
••I va Ban Jos* and Way BtoUona.. ........ ••»««
' f7i004 Rao Jom and Wai 8UUons,^ liS**
/7i»ua New Aliaaden / 4ilO»
t7<**A Soodajr Exconloa for Baa Jet*.
¦ . Santa Cru*. Ptdflo Gror* aaa .
Principal Way Btacioas }»>*•*
•tMftSaa JgM. HoUtster. Raaia Oras,
Paeifle Orate. Halloas, Baa LaU
Obiipo, Bants, Barbara and Prla. r <¦'*'
ef pa! lutennediaM 8Utlona...... M TiSv*
!••••* Saa Jose and Way Station*......... •«SO»
llia«* Baa Jim aud Way HksUnu* a<>»»
i ts)i4«r8an Hates, Redwood, lS«aI» Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Jose. -
Bol'later. SauU Otiis, BalinaA. '
Monterer and Paeifle drove tl*t4S*
¦*>e>r Ban Joee, Ties Plnos. Bauta> Cms.
Pm«Jflo Gror* and Way Bkatloua «il*»
ftilSp Ban Jnto and Prlnoipal Way Stations . »«•*»*
i3ittp8an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
i WsySUUoo tttOvt
5il0»0an Jos* and Principal Waf Buttons •<**)•
•••Or Redwood, Baa Joes, GUmy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angelas iwiOSJa
sjisvr Ban Jose and Way atations. ........ f»<*"*
<lli4Sf Ban Jose and Way 8UMon 7t3>T
A for Moruinf. Pfor Afternoosk
f Baaday exoepted. t Bnndar only.
• Saturday only. « Mond*y.
J Saturdaj and Buaday. .J laesdays and Trjtfajta,
"GOLD DTXST."
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ¦
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
; Dally • Dally Dally
X.T. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:2n p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:XS p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. X:12 p 3:27 p 7:0(5 a
" Vlsalla.:. 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" KanClty 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. ...;..'.. 2:1 S n 9:00 p
a for morning. ¦ p for afternoon. . •.
•9 a. . m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving: Monday and 'Thursday on'y.
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlnjr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
j to Bakersfleld for accommodation ! of local
firFt-class . passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . •
4:20 p. m. " is Stockton and. Fresno local.
- Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.. - • '
8:00 p. m. r is the • Orwland . Kxpress with'
through < Palace ¦ and .Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
' Palace Sleeper, I which cuts • out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
flslly. - - ¦ '- - "¦" ¦ • ¦¦ i
• 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at.
all ' points I In * San Joaquin Valley. Cnrre-
Bponrtlng train arrives at- 8:40 a: m. dally.
Offlces-^-€41 Market ' street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-,
land. ¦-¦¦* --¦•¦-•¦¦-¦ .-.»...
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Fs>rry. J-oot of Mart;** «t
6an Francisco to ttaa imtuat.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00, 11:00- a. m.; W:J3.
S:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5t)
and 11: SO p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 1:30, 11:00 ¦ a, m.; 1:». 1:30.
6:00, 8:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Sun Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:60. »:». UOO a. m.: 13:45.
' S:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDATS-8:10, 9:M, 11:10 a. m.; l:(0. 1:40.
6:05, 6:23 p. m. ' ' -
Leav» I In Effect I Arrive ¦ -
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I" . . I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. ; days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. 13:40 am 8:40 am
3:20 pml 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm[ 6:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Pulton,
7:20 am ' Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdaburgr, 10:40 am
. - Lytton,
.. Oeyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am] and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
. 7:30 am r ~ -9 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm ¦ 1:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and 1
6:10 pm 6:00 pml Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ~~ 110:40 am|10:25 am
2: SO pmf 6:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs and "White Sulohur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skates, Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnrs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper > Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. ' Llerley's. Bucknell's,
ganhedrfn Heights, Hullvllle. - Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno ¦ City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, TJsal. WHUts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, • •= ¦ ¦ '
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office,' 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building. . -
H. C WHITINO. • R. 3C RTAJT. "
Pen. Manuager. Qen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
U»t •*¦ »¦** . : ¦ •. iknmm ujinu*,
Sg*-JJ:).....WBHK'DAT8..... J f:»J >Z
% 4oSJ:S:s«»-~-^- tt - TA ™l8^I:2:
8KXIA. u.\ '. . - : f 12:15 p. M.
»«0a. U. . 1:1ft r.M.
1130 A. m. i ••••••••»O«»*«-— — \ 4^o i». K.
120p.m. ' ' SjSOr.ac,
%&>r. M.J . . 7:10 r.u.
Fire. Bsa ftsMsw tt ttmm»ut Utm, tl.4>
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., ft Saosallto Ferry,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABXT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. I^Mt Manbood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
dkln Diseases. The Coctoreures'wlien
others fail. Try him.* Charges low.
Care* t uar»n !«¦«•*. Callorwtttft
Dr. JT. X*. mibso.\. Saa Francisco. CaJ.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS. .
Sally Palace and Tourist Sleeper*.
• Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. • .
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO .
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Axt.. 633 Market st '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto p«rry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, YALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
•WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:30. *9:30 11 a. m..
12:45,- »1:43, 8:15, 4:15. 5:15. *9:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, ¦Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00. »10:00, 11:00 11:30
a. m., 12:45. »l:30. 3:30. «3:45. 5:00. «:00, .7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25. «:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. «3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. »8:00. 9:43, »11:00 a. m.. *12
m.. 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. *5:45. «:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. .
marked (•) "tart from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:43, 7:55, 8:53, 10:30
a. m., 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m. .
EIXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13:13,
1:20. 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. 6:13. 7:13. W:$0 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.- . •• . . ¦
3:15 p.' m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . :. ;c*
8-00 a. rn. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. • :X,'-"» • ' -
Permanently cured In two months. We are
ir-rkinr for a rase of sexual weakness or vari-
wceetbt « cannot cure, NO MATTEK
FROM WHAT CAUSE. Old and young with
ivTrunken organs revived and all louses stopped
itonce^ We- have new and scientific sexual
orran appliance*. Never fails. £a» or write
end be convinced. Advice free. 7i» Third bU,
l oom 2. ¦- .
WEAK MEN
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for^over a quarter of a century.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Your grocer sells Fels-Naptha
soap, and your money back if
you want it.
Do humbugs offer your money
back?
a T^'P-F-q.T'Tg-prwr-irF^vs.
EAHWAT TBAVSZa,
A GALLANT YOUNG CAPTAIN
Restored From a Nervous Affection
by Pe-ru-na.
r55»C^»? '" ous prostration. It ¦was recommended to>
' / 1^ I^i^iitsSr^*^ me some two years ago when I was suf-
f& 0 "\^^^^ viiJrfcrvy^*^,^/ ferlng from nervous disorders and I found
" / >^iissaa»BBa»BBMfcJ* »V v Jt very excellent. I do' not travel without
• , - s^f^^^||^|^^^aL*''LVjOi5- : Oh a bottle of it now, and I find that an oc-
1 /I I 1 In'OL* — t((Zi)i casional dose when I feel tired and worn
/I IriVI JACT^C ou * rejuvenates the system and removes
I IX^^^^ tha t tired feeling."— Henry H. Roaer, KS
I I^JjbwALLI 1 1 vgSrSnl East Eighteenth avenue, Denver, Colo.
Ill -j m> XBL^av Mrs. Thomas J. Sharp, 320 North Sec-
l| BS^FW^iel^tS VrTCR ond street. Reading, Pa., writes:
I 1 ffffgp^^fflg^ \\ »8y "Your medicines have certainly done a
I fix^ilJailiriii^x V J\ great deal for me in saving me from nerv-
I yBsSeSSagSgfe % f-\ ous prostration and I sincerely wish that
Ell a X^sbbwh \l? \' all .persons, whether sick or well — sines
IS 1 1 «^» r?i^*i ' \\f'\ tnis medicine contains the qualities of an
E! ft » V 1 1 • \ efficient and Invigorating tonie— would
¦¦•'ill VI AnaX A !«'*\ glve Jt a tria^ ano - e convinced of its
II 1\ 'igw K R* ¦ F "Thanking you for all your medicm*
iii! \W. -• A rVJ") nas done for me, and hoping It may do
I ||C^^ : si I l^-^5 tae same f° r many other suffering people,
¦I MtehZr~"*ri I J remain, yours respectfully,
HyJsMnSajlNi&KV5'4L 1/ ' / Congressman H. G. Worthi'ng'ton. from
\4gl^^^$M^M^S^M.s II Nevada, ex-Minister to Argentine Repub-
¦SaS»Wsi#I^^B^^ \ t I "c. also at one time Collector of Port at
¦ "¦ IssHBBlfclP^li^lSi^pSffJffl K I Charleston, .was an Intimate friend of
I m^^^SlE®y^^P'p'*S^m/ i / General Grant and Is one of the two liv-
IHMEmBasgiKSSi^aMBawBar ¦ \J Ing pallbearers of President Lincoln.
IBP^laB sHB@I^K&^ / ¦ Congressman Worthlngton writes the fol-
I^^^KHmBS^^SP^ S "Allow. me to express my grati-
\ H. iude for the benefit derived from
s^ i> . __^2>^^- K Roscr. your remedies. I have taken one
;^~ ..-',.. J.^\ - bottle of - Peruna, and it has bene^
Captain Henry H-Roser! of the Na- fited immensely a case of catarrh of
tional Guard of Colorado Is well known m l'± mnnm^h*' ./..//i'm mmM I "mUL
In Colorado.*? He -Is Secretary National SOme months standing, and I C0r~
Executive Committee of ¦ the .National dially commend its US9 to all Simi-
LJberty Party, also' General Secretary of /-„/„ ~ta; n 4 a rl " U C Wnm*h;»~tnn
the U. a. Monetary, League, Secretary Wly afflicted. —H. b. WortningtOP.
EHreot Legislative' League of Colorado, Peruna never falls to prevent nervous
and Is Grand: Chief Templar, Indepen- prostration If taken in time,
aent Order of Good Templars for Colo- If you do not derive prompt and satla-
rado, Wyoming and New Mexico. factory results from the use of Peruna,
In a recent letter to The Peruna Medl- write at once to Dr. Hartman. glvinf; a
cine Co., Columbus, O., Mr. Roser speaks full statement of your case, and he will
of their remedy, Peruna, in the following be- pleased to give you his valuable ad-
words: '¦¦.-: . ¦ vice eratls.
As a public speaker, I am a good Judge Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
or the merits of Peruna In cases of nerv- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
u-S r£l3 t^li 'I* *S{ V/4 RJt5s> BIh
gf ml \s Fffij C>?S El VBBm t% »tws*A
zi^'O n hH Esz2 uj SS3 ¥1 bTbB c
H "lot the QOLO DUST twins do yaw vmrkl" if
kjg9 ¦ ' - • Boh
\ There qre~ more clothes rubbed out I
m by using soap than are worn out. m
nM i bbbHbHbsbW flflsssissV^ ' OBSbBF ¦ ¦ssW sKj3
H .washes clothes better and is much less expensive than soap. It does not ; I
I injure the most delicate fabric and requires only half the labor that soap does. H|
PR It will dean pots, pans, dishes, floors, furniture— -anything about the house. 1 R|
EJe Send for our FREE booklet. " Golden Rules for Housework." / Rg
THE N. K. FA1RBANK COMPANY, Chicesro. St Louis. New York. Boston. Kji
ADVEKT1 SF.TM Hi N Ta.
AD VEKTTSEMENTS."Because it doesn't look as if it ever
had been used."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Why, they sent over to borrow our
Bible. Said they had forgotten theirs
when they moved. And I'm almost sorry
I let 'em taxe it."
"How?"
"Those new neighbors humiliated me
dreadfully to-day."
Ascum— What are you so down upon the
Enslish for? ~
Cassldy— Why shouldn't I? Look at the
storlestthey do be tellln' about thim.
Ascufh— Yes, but they tell stories about
the Irish, too, which you say are lies
Cassidy— Aye! but -all the lies they tell
about the English are true.— Philadelphia
Press.
"I don't believe you love me a bit,"
sobbed his wife.
"But I do, my darling. I— '-'•
"Don't tell me. It's unnatural you
should. No man could love a woman who
wears such old hats as I do."—Philadel
phia Times.
Patient— I tried to, doctor, but I was
unable to keep it up for more than five
minutes at a stretch. — Cleveland Leader.
Doctor— What! Your dyspepsia no bet
ter? Do-you follow my advice and drink
hot water an hour before breakfast? -
"Huh!" said little' Johnny. "Teacher
kep' me workin* an hour on a ole exam
ple when she might have told me the an
swer any time."— Montreal Star.
."A woman," said Mr. Plattitooa, "can't
keep a secret." ~ ; ,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dp.
Biegert's Genuine ImportedAjjjrostura Bitten.*
There is a rumor that Bryan w>ll take the stump in
Icwa this fall, but that is not expected to affect the
Pecublican walkover. ' ,
The concluding: ; arguments^ in Fair
will contest .were heard :. before J;the Su
preme Court* yesterday; j The case was or
dered submitted on* briefs. A speedy de
cision is expected. * ;; ' .
Arguments in Fair Case Close.
It is announced that in proportion to population
there arc more newspapers published in Iowa than in
any other State in the Union," and yet Mr. Conger
would rather live in China than be Governor of such
a State.
- Special information : supplied daily to
business houses' and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
comery, street. • Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candies. Town-BOTi'd'a. pai ace Hotel*
Russia has decided upon the construction of a
canal to connect the Baltic Sea with the Arctic
Ocean, so should there ever be any battling among
the nations for possession of \the north pole she will
be in a commanding position.
gj WASHINGTON,, D. C.; Sept. 4.-The fol
lowing Calif ornians j have j arrived ! at the
hotels: Nationalf-J. Emmett Hayden, San
Rafael ; St. James— O.'- H.* P. Sheets and
wife, San Francisco. '
Calif ornians in Washington.
At first this looks fantastic, bufe in it is an admir
able spirit. Chun was in the power' of Germany and
could be compelled to'submh to any humiliation the :
Kaiser might decree. But he could whiten his, honor
and self-respect in his own; blood, and when shed it'
would be upon the head 'of- the German Emperor. .
William never, encountered just such a case of passive;
resistance before and was compelled, to »7retreat: from:
his barbaric position and accept the apology for his
THE civilized world is relieved that the Kaiser
withdrew his demand that the Chinese Prince
_ Chun, sent to Berlin to apologize for the mur
der of the German Minister, should bump his v shaved
head on. the. floor nine times in frontof the imperial
throne. Prince Chun gave notice that gentlemen of
his standing in China were "not accustomed to bump
their heads on the floor before foreign potentates, and
that if he were compelled to do it he and his exten-.
sive suite would immediately commit suicide. •
WILLIAM AND CHUN.
There is no power in Europe that can interfere be
tween France Turkey and say "arbitration" irTex
actly the same tone Uncle Sam used inlaying it to
Great Britain and Venezuela, but none the less in a
quiet sort of way the concert of Europe will prob
ably get in its work and keep the peace.
As a woman who went to theJVanderbilt mansion
in New York and asked for $3,000,000 has been ar
rested and charged with insanity, it seems fair to in
fer that the New Yorkers believe a rational woman
having a request of that kind to make would have
applied to Carnegie. . -
¦ Oakland— E. T. Erlkson, at ; the Grand
Union; Miss E. Whitney, at the Albe
marle. . \. ' ..;',,. .
NEW >YORK, Sept. 4.— The following
Callfornians have "arrived: San Francisco
— H. P. Bancroft, F. W. Sumner, at I the
Imperial; Mrs. Danskin, G. H. r>yer, W.
Frank, J. A. Marsh and wife, Gl F. Neal,
at | the Hoftman ; C. P. Freeland, at the
Herald Square; C. H.Phelps and wife, at
the Pabst; the Misses Dore,|at the Grand;
H. Doyle,- at the Holland; W. Ellery, at
the Astor; T. M. Grant,"at the New Am
sterdam ; W. • B. Peck, ¦ Mrs. W. B. Peck,
at . the Manhattan; . H. Schumaker, at ' the
Normandie. . - . • .* . . ' \ :«>
Calif ornians in New York.
SQUARING THE CIRCLE— Reader of
The Call, Berkeley. This department has
on a number of occasions announced that
it does not answer questions in arithmetic
or solve arithmetical problems. If you
desire to ascertain how many square
Inches there are In a circle of a given
size consult McCarthy's Statistician for
the rule for squaring a circle.
The Arctic terminus of the canal is to be,at Alex
androvsk, a port which has been recently constructed
at Kola Bay, on the Marman coast. It is said the
Russian authorities have found the port to be almost
free from ice, and that they have constructed" there a
safe harbor for the largest war vessels, with ample'
accommodations for a considerable fleet. The ter
minus'of the' canal in the White Sea will be at
Sorozkaja. By the routes of the canal the distance,
from'St. Petersburg to Sorozkaja will be'very nearly
600 miles; and to Alexandrovsk 1090 miles, while the;
present route around the Scandinavian peninsula is
2870. • . V
It is estimated the cost of the canal will not be
great when the length of the route and the advantages
to be gained are taken into consideration. -Between.
St. Petersburg and Sorozkaja the route will traverse
rivers and lakes for almost the whole distance, so :
that little will have to be done on that part of the
line further tha^ to deepen and regulate the natural
waterways. The -remainder of the route will also
be easy of construction, for the surveys have disclosed'
the fact that at a former age there was a natural,
waterway connecting the northern end of the Baltic
with the Arctic, and a belt of shallow lakes situated
among low hills still marks its former course. - .
The strategic value of the route in qase of a war
with" Germany or Great Britain will be great, for at
present either., of those powers could virtually cork
Russia up in the Baltic and : prevent her fleets from*,
operating: on the ocean. When the canal has been
opened a 'different situation will present itself.- Rus
sia will have two avenues to the ocean, and it is not
likely both could.be closed against her. „>
It does not appear that the Russians expect much ¦
of the canal, in the way of commercial advantage,' but
of course something. will be; gained in, that" direction
al so. f It will be seen "that the great inland empire is
rapidly making its way to : the -seas. - It has now" an
ample frontage on the Pacific. By the ¦ recent treaty
with Persia it obtains a virtual control of the best
ports on - the Persian Gulf and has thus gained . ad<
mission; to the Indian Ocean. / When the new. canal
to the Arctic has been opened there will remain";' but
one avenue more to be provided, ithat of admission to^
the Mediterranean,- and even that may be acquired ;
.™H c -k s °? ner than 'now seems : , likely or ; even : pos-^
\ A 7 HILE tlle wcrld ha * been /watching Russian
\j\/ efforts in the direction of obtaining a, port
V V on the 'pacific better fitted for * commerce
than Vladivostok,, and has been noting carefully her
movements to effect a lodgment in Manchuria, the
Russians themselves have turned a portion of their
energies westward and are now preparing for the con-"
struction of a deep water canal from the Baltic to the
Arctic Ocean, so that in case of European complica
tions their fleets and merchant vessels could. get into
the Atlantic without having to run the gauntlet of the
Baltic. 1 :.'. y
SPANISH DISHES-S. C, City. This
department caunot find any recipes for
the preparing of_ the several Spanish
dishes named in the letter of inquiry.
Possibly some of those who sell them on
the street corners might give such pro
viding you give a sufficient compensation
for the information.
RUSSIA'S NEW PORT.
THE PHILIPPINES— Evangellne. Rich
Gulch, Cal. The war In the Philippine*
was concluded when the treaty with Spain
was signed, which was December 10, ISO?,
but since then natives of the islands have
created trouble and it has required an
army to keep them in order.
It is said that the Photographers' Association
which recently met" in Boston "took the town," but
it is safe to say they left it where they found it, for
the kind of art that flourishes there is not permitted *
to photography anywhere else.
FRIGATE PRINCETON— C, Walnut
Creek, Cal. To ascertain who was "cap
tain of the United States frigate Prince
ton in the forties'^you will have-to direct
a letter of inquiry to the Secretary of the
Navy, Washington, D. C.
GENERAL . THOMAS— A. O. S.. City.
General Georg? H. Thomas died in San
Francisco March 28, 1870. Hia remalna
were taken to Troy, N. Y., for interment.
WAR WITH MEXICO— C, Walnut
Grove, Cal. War with Mexico was. de
clared June 4, 1845 and the treaty of peace
was signed May 19. *1848.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
According to the latest reports Kitchener has a
force of something like 200,000 men, of whom up
ward of 50,000 are organized as mounted infantry.
These carefully selected horsemen are divided into
three main columns and are supposed to be in vig
orous pursuit of the Boers at all times. On the other
hand, British authorities estimate the total number of
armed Boers in the field at not exceeding 17,000. It
is'with such odds against him that Dewet has issued
his ultimatum of defiance. Such being the case, if
the report of his threac to kill every British soldier
taken in Orange River Colony be true, it will hardly
be regarded without sympathy. It is not the procla
mation of a commander of a great army threatening
with death all who resist him, but that of the heroic
leader of a small band of patriots meeting the threat
-of his powerful foe with an eagle scream of defiance
unto death.
Such a struggle among men above the. grade of bar
barians is appalling. It was with the hope of putting
an end to it that Kitchener issued his famous procla
mation warning the Boer leaders to surrender be
fore September 15 under a penalty- of exile for life
when captured. The proclamation was responded to
at the time by letters from Dewet and others re
asserting their oft declared intention of fighting so
long as they were able to carry arms, and now comes
the report of the further declaration that since they
have no way of guarding prisoners they will take
none. Should the report prove to be true and the
, evidence be forthcoming that the Boers" do indeed
intend to make it a war of extermination against their
invaders, the process of staggering humanity will
have been brought to a fearful consummation.
Whether the report of the proclamation be true or
not, it is evident the struggle in South Africa has
reached the stage that "staggers humanity." It is no
longer a campaign of armed and disciplined combat
ants fighting according to the established rules of
civilized warfare, but a struggle which appears to have
for its object something like the extermination of one
side or the other. The British troops have raided
and harried the country until it has become but little
more than a desert. Women and children have been
carried from their homes and herded into camps,
while farmhouses and barns have been looted and
burned. On the other side the British have reported
several instances where their wounded taken prison
er by the Boers have been shot.
DISPATCHES from Capetown arc to the
effect that General Dewet has issued a procla
mation declaring he will shoot all British
troops found in Orange River Colony after Septem
ber 15. It is not likely that the dispatch is strictly
accurate, but it is quite reasonable to suppose the
Boer leader has deemed it proper to meet Lord
Kitchener's proclamation with a counter proclama
tion of his own, "and to manifest to the world his de
fiant determination to fight the war for liberty so long
as life remains with him. .
DEWET'S PROCLAMATION.
George W.. Scott and wife, of Madison,
Yolo County, are at the Grand Hotel, pre
paratory to a trip East. , For. forty-seven
years ; the . Scotts have lived ; in }. Yolo
County, where he has '..been prominent
in business -and political ..circles., The
couple will leave > to-morrow for their old
( home in New York. ; y' ' :
H. Levinsky, the Stockton attorney, and
II. B. Gillis, a lawyer and politician' of
Yreka, are at the Grand. ¦ '<-"-.'_-
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Johnson, prominent
society people of St. Louis, are among
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
H. H. Knapp, the Napa banker and cap
italist, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace. ¦ ¦¦ . , ,
P. Humbert Jr., a mining man of Grove
dale, is at the Occidental accompanied by
his wife. , : - ¦
Mr. and Mrs. James-Wilson . have .- re
turned from. Alaska and are. at the-Occl
dental. . ' ' ¦•
W. H. Reynolds;": U. S. N., is among
those who registered yesterday at the
Palace. '-'¦-'._ .-. ¦. •
'Marlon Biggs^Jr. has comeldotrn from
his home in Orovllle and Is staying at the
Grand. ¦ .
R. J. Northam, a Los Angeles capital
ist, is a guest at the Palace. -
I. Minor, a wealthy lumber man of Ar
cata, is a guest at the Lick.
Charles H. Roeder, a mine owner of Al
bion, is a guest at the Lick. ,-,
W. E. Duncan, . a fruit grower of Oro
ville, is a euest at the Lick.
Sam Longabaugh, a lumber man of
Ophlr, Nev.. b Is at the Russ.
Mrs. • Frank Mclaughlin, accompanied
by her daughter, is at the Palace.
J.'B. Alexander, a well-known merchant
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. H. K. Macomber of Pasa-"
dena are registered at the* Palace. ¦
Ben Morgan, a wealthy mining man of
Arizona, is a guest at the California.
John Finnell, . a well-known rancher of
Napa, is at the Palace for a few days.
¦ L. Hilbron, a Sacramento merchant, Is
one of the late arrivals at the Palace.
Sheriff W. Harkey of "Tuba Is a guest at
the Russ.~v ._/ ¦ .; .
E. S. Hadley of Sacramento la a guest
at the Lick. , ' ''
Georg-e E. Goodman, a banker of Napa,
is at the Palace.
B.J. Wilson, a merchant of Courtland,
Is at the Grand.
D. ¦ McCotmlck, a popular hotel man of
Salinas, is at the Russ.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judges Gilbert, Morrow and Ross -will
Bit as the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals -In Seattle next Monday. On the
16th the court will sit in Portland and on
October 1 in this city.
Court of Appeals in Seattle.
WELL-KNOWN NEWSPAPER WOMAN WHO HAS JUST RETURNED
FROM OUR NEW POSSESSIONS AND THINKS THAT MILITARY
RULE WILL BE REQUIRED ON ISLANDS FOR YEARS TO COME
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 5, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
AUtttt All Cecistmicztirei to W. 8. LEAKS, K&ntgtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. .'. Telephone PreM 204
I'L'BLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered liy Carrier*. 15 'Cent* .Per Week.
Sfngrle Copies. Ti Centn.
Terms by Mall. Including Postages
PAILT CALL (lneludinp Bunday). one. year. $1.00
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
r>AILT CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 1.30
DAILY CALL— By Single Month i 65c
FUNDAY CALL Od» Tear '. , :.. 150
"WEEKLY CALL One Tfir 100
All po«(mai(rrn nre Authorized to receive
ffnbncrlption*.
Sample copies w!!I be forwarded when requested.
Mail rabscrlbers In onJerfnr ehansre of addreea should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ln»ur« a prompt and correct rctnpliar.ee with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE ~kROG?rESS.
Yt&tgtr Foreign Advu-tirisg, Ktftaetts Building. CMoi«ji.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central I61S.")
XETV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX t Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: * /
STEFHEJT B. SMITH. 3O Tribune Ball dins
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf- Astoria Hotel; A. BrenUno. SI Union Square:
Murray HOI HeteL
BRA5CH OFFICES OT Monteomerr. corner of Clay, open
until t:38 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock.. 633
McAllister, cpen until «:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:» o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until » o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
KOD nilmore. open until ?. a? m.
T T TlTH the coming of cooler weather in the
yy East Washington correspondents - have
y.\ dropped their "silly season" discussions of
Presidential booms and are now gathering informa
tion concerning the business to be undertaken at the
next session of Congress. ' A great deal' of legisla
tion is under consideration, and as usual, our states-'
men will have plenty of work before them when they
meet. Many important measures remain from the
last session, and in addition there are several new is
suesjo be dealt with. £ -
It is expected the House will'- organize with.un
usual promptness and get ready for -business before
the holidays. ' Speaker Henderson,- it is said, has been,
assured of his re-election and will Return to' Washing-!
ton early and set to work assigning the committees of
the House,* so that there will be no* delay, on that
score. It is believed there will be no important
changes in the committees, and consequently, as soon
as the House organizes all will, be ready to enter at
once upon the active work of legislation.
The Washington correspondent of. the New -York
Tribune states that men at the capital who are
familiar with jj public affairs \ are of the opinion that
the coming Congress will deal with a greater volume
of business at its first session; than any of its pre-
decessors for twenty-five years.' Among the more im
portant matters that demand attention are the
problems of insular government, the application of
American law to cur new. possessions, the ; re
enactment of^the Chinese exclusion law, additional
immigration legislation, restriction of representation
in the Southern States which adopt constitutional
amendments depriving the colored race of suffrage^
the lengthening of the Congressional and Presiden
tial terms by a few weeks to enable the
of President and Vice President to occur in clement
weather, and to provide for the assembling of Con
gress earlier after its election.
In addition to those measures, which are essentially
new, there will be the merchant marine bill, the Ni<>
aragua canal bill and the pure food bill, which have
now been under consideration for a long time.
Doubtless also something will be attempted in the
way of providing"; for irrigation of arid lands, the
preservation of pastures and of forests on the national
domain, and possibly an effort will be. made in the.
direction of revising the tariff in some particulars.
Secretary Root, it is said,' will recommend legisla
tion for the purpose of increasing the efficiency of
the National Guard and Tendering it more service-'
able to the Federal Government in time of war or in
any emergency requiring; the prompt co-operation of
the guard with the regular army. Secretary Long
desires legislation of n similar" kind affecting the State
Naval Reserve, and it is;said he'will recommend that
the reserve shall be composed of men who on occa
sions may be transferred to the navy and perform
all the duties that are required of officers and men on
ships of the line. _ . ¦'/ '
Of course not all of the legislation now discussed"
will be 'enacted,, but it, is believed that much in the
way of beneficial work will be accomplished. The
forecast is that not only will Congress organize
promptly and' get to work in Decemb'er, but that it
will not adjourn until late in the summer.
TALK AT THE CAPITAL.
Previous to Mrs. Dean leaving Manila
she had a talk with the Commissioners
there and they told her, she says, that no
more women teachers would be allowed
to come. "The women," said Mrs. Dean,'
."have absolutely no idea of the awful
hardships they will have t<r face In that
new land. .They are sent off into the In
terior far from all military protection
and in places where it is absolutely dan
! gerous for a woman to be! alone. They
never see any of the luxuries of life and
positively suffer for many of the necessi
ties. Milk and butter are unheard of, and
letters from home are many months be
tween." ¦. . .. ,
Mrs. Dean's descriptions of the social
life of Manila are most ¦ ali uring. There
is a continual round of gayety there, and
brave mqn and fair women make a circle
that any\ metropolitan * city might be
proud of.
Mrs. Dean declares that the foreign ele
ment in Manila is America's worst enemy
there. In this foreign element the lady
ranks the English first, the Spanish sec
ond and the Germans third. She also con
tends that they encourage the insurgents
and look with favorable eyes on all dis
turbances calculated to disturb the peace
of the nation, for war means to them
profit. \ , ' • : i
"Wherever civil government ha* re
placed military government," said the tal
ented writer, . "disastrous results ; have
followed. Bullets went flying and blood
was shed, and only the presence of the
military | could restore peace and jj order.
Batangas," Cebu and Bohoe reveled for a
while in the uncertain conditions of civil
government, but are' now again under the
strong, hand of the military man."
According to this lady, who has studied
and . observed, it is going to take a full
half-century crammed to the full with
American brain, American perseverance
and American tact to civilize and edu
cate the new people who are going to find
protection where the stars and stripes
wave. And It is not going: to be accom
plished under the soothing Influence of
civil government., Military government,
according to.Mrs. Dean, : is the only mode
of government for the Filipinos.
Mrs. Dean made a five months' stay in
Manila. During that time she made a
close study of. the people and the condi
tion, of 'affairs there, and while greatly
impressed wUh'our new possessions and
keenly alive to "the wondrous possibilities
of- the ! islands . she is not enthusiastic
about the Philippines as an American
country for American people. ; ** i
''writer in America, is at the Pal
ace after an extended trip. to North China
and Manila. Mrs. Dean went to China
and Manila to report for Town Topics the
exact state of affairs in those two per
turbed countries. Her letters to the paper
.¦which • she ' represents have been widely
read and are said to have exerted a tre
mendous, influence with those in position
to do and undo things.
MRS. TERESA DEAN, the well
known ' 'Widow' ' o f New York
Town .Topics and ' probably the
«,most lrilllant newspaper woman
We have not at disposal in one issue the space. to
give even brief mention to all the like expressions of
the country press. With them is an undertone that
bodes no good to the plans of the designing leaders
and evil advisers of union labor, who have taken from
it the last vestige of sympathy and respect among the
country people. If that labor find itself deserted by.
a powerful class of allies, whom it has hurt as if. they
were its bitterest enemies, let it r remember that The
Call warned it in time^to have avoided what will fol v
low.
The Livermore Herald says great damage has been
caused to the farmers by the strike, and worse will
come.
The Stockton Independent accuses the Examiner
of inciting riot. The •Bakersfield Californian ~ ac
cuses the Examiner 1 of preventing a settlement and
injuring the whole State. * ' »
The Calaveras Prospect denounces the sinister and
disorderly course of the Examiner. The San Ber
nardino Times-Index says: "San Francisco is dis
gracing herself with the scenes of violence permitted
in connection with the strike. If the law-abiding 1 ele
ment predominate there it would, better keep order;
if that element do not -predominate it is a good, place
to stay away from.",
The Santa Barbara Press commends the boldness
and truthfulness of The Call, and says: "The city
and country have suffered greatly already from the
effects of business stagnation, but this is not the worst
feature. Business is being restored at great cost in
protecting workingmen."
The Marysville Appeal declares that: "If the grain
growers will call a meeting at Sacramento, each mem
ber to bring. his gun, enough volunteers can be had
in fifteen minutes to raise the Port Costa blockade
in another fifteen minutes after they reach the ground.
The warehousemen will be only too glad to furnish
subsistence v and there are enough ex-soldiers. among'
the farmers to properly officer and direct the move
ment. The entire proceeding can be administered at
a cost inconsiderable as compared with the cost of
housing the grain now on the river banks.''^
The Los Angeles Times says: "Of course the Ex
aminer, is merely seeking nickels, and as a matter of
fact and finance is employing numbers of strikers "to
solicit subscriptions among their fellows by pleading
that the Examiner is supporting them and must be
itself supported."
The Livermore Echo severely reprehends the Ex
aminer's e'neouragement of .lawlessness and its agency
in the distress of the farmers by the ruin of their
crops.
The Winters Express says: "It is a pleasure to
find one San Francisco paper taking^ a stand for the
right, irrespective of the counting-room or the fear
of boycott. The Call puts the situation* rorcefully,
plainly, temperately and honestly. In contrast with
the intemperate utterances of the Examiner, the
daily misrepresentation and abuse heaped upon the
good name and best interests of the State by that
journal, The Call's sersible utterances are like a
beacon light to a storm-tossed ship."
The Napa Register says that in view of the riots
and assaults by strikers Jhe Examiner will protest in
vain against more adequate police protection.
The Alameda Argus says: . "We are somewhat sur
prised that The Call discusses the strike in such ex
cellent temper. ; Its owne'r is a large employer of
labor and has always conceded labor's demands. But
the strikes have particularly hit him, though he is in
no way at fault. That he can suffer the loss and an
noyance without resentment proves that he is more
even tempered than most men."
The Santa Cruz Sentinel approves- the attitude of
The Call. The Record-Union says the Examiner has
ceased to be a newspaper and prints .only such mat
ter as suits its designs, to carry out its purpose, and
that it is preventing a settlement of the strike by" its
evil course, and "is a curse to the city in which it is
published." *
The Tulare Register says: "The strike -is based on
the proposition that all labor must be unionized, and
if men will not join the unions and surrender their
personal liberty by persuasion they must do it by
compulsion — must be starved to it. This contention
is not just and public sentiment is not bound by it.
There is but. one thing for farmers to do and that is
to take their men and go to Port Costa and load
their grain themselves. If strikers keep their distance
no one will be hurt. It is probable that an appeal
should first be made to the Governor for militia to
be sent to Port Costa to protect the lives' and prop
erty of the farmers and warehousemen, and if the
Governor does not order the militia the farmers will
be justified in taking their Winchesters along and
throwing out a picket line to keep the strikers at bay
until the work is completed and every ship in port
is loaded and sent on its way." ¦
With only 'occasional and unimportant exceptions
the country press is clear in its conception of the re
sponsibility for. the waste of a year's crop by^ the
strike. The statements of the strike leaders and the
Examiner are denied and denounced. The sympathy
asked for by the several "appeals" bf-the strikers 'is
refused, and every florid statement and claim put for
ward to excuse their active agency in the injury of the
farmers is punctured by counter statement of the
cold facts.
THE^country press of California is very out
spoken on the subject of ,the strike. " The coun-;
try editor is an independent man/intelligent, an
observer of the rural conditions around him/ and a
true interpreter of the public opinion of the ranch
ers and country. business men. -
NOTED NEWSPAPER WOMAN TELLS
OF HER EXPERIENCES IN MANILA
It is well that the incident ended in this v'ay and
that China was not taught that her own System of
kowtowing- and head-bumping is 4 alsoan Occidental
institution.' - ./
Minister's murder in such form as any, self-respecting
gentleman. could'express it. Wheirhe began to back
out he retreated into a show of .cordiality by inviting
Chun to stop over, night with him in the palace.
STATE PRESS AND THE STRIKE.
THE SAN ERANCISqO ciLL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER o, 1901.
"But why?"
6
renlAeziee dnrlDgr the rammer months oa.n ksr*
<hrtr paper forirmrelcd by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Thin pc/icr vrill also be on sale at ail inmatr
renorta and la represented by a- local affast la
•xll toimi «n the coast.
Cull subscribers contemplating t* chance •!
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWI FOR THE SUMHEB.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheam— Vauflevine.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Central — "A Voice From the TVtldemees."
Alcazar — "Ingomar."
Grand Opera -house— "Rosedale."
Tiroli— "Mlgnon."
CaHfornla— "An Ideal Husband."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Bath*— Swimminr.
CALIFOR-
PRICE 5 CTS I OXJD " I
1 ADMISSION
1 MiJlViRrD 1They were of mixed nationalities . and
presented quite a picturesque appearance.
Antonio Knaplch Is a Hungarian, Hans
Nilsen a Norwegian, Richard Ruscher and
Harry Wucherpfennlg Germans, Giovanni
Arvanitopolis, a Greek, and Rednan Ha
med ' and Mohamed-Mohamed El Seguir,
Arabian negroes and Musselmen. The
two last wore the red fez that distin
guishes the true believer and they went
into spasms of delight on beholding the
crescent and scimetar of the Mystic
Shrine in the coat lapel of Marshal Shins.
But he locked them up all the same in
the dungeon of the Giaour 1 .
Two of Them Are Mohammedans and
"Wear the Had Fez of the
Mystic Shriners.
> Seven members of the crew of the Aus
tro-Hungarian ship Klek attempted to de
sert' yesterday and join the striking sail
ors, but they were captured and turned
over to the United States Marshal. .They
were taken before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday after
noon and interrogated for the purpose of
ascertaining whether they were United
States citizens. They were all foreigners
and were ordered into the custody of
United States Marshal Shine pending- the
sailing of the vessel.
SEVE1T STKEKING SAHX)ItS
PUT INTO THE DXTNOEON
FROM SEATTLE.
Now Is the time to visit Lake Tahoe.
Friday to Tuesday tickets via Southern
Pacific 510.80; ten days $13.80. The scenery
is now at Its best.
Time Sail. -
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, '¦ Cal
' September *, 1901. ¦'.
The time ball on the tower of the new' Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.,' at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
o'clock p. in., Greenwich time.
;•• , <; „ c - G - calkins.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
A first-claaa can. buoy, with red and black
horizontal stripes, has been moored about 650
feet ESE. of Point Blunt, Angel Island, San
Fraicieco Bay. California. The buoy is in
60 feet of water and Is about ZOO feet east of
a sunken rock off the point, upon the follow
ing bearings: Alcatraz Lighthouse, S. % E.,
IVi ' miles. Lime Point, SW. % V« r . Quarry
Point and Red Rock, in range, NNW. M XV.
Invincible Rock buoy has been changed trom
a second-class can to a first-class can buoy.
The buoy Is in 60 feet of water and Is about
200 feet AVSW. of Invincible Rock, with 8 feet
of water on it, on the following bearings:
East Brother Lighthouse, NNE. % mile.' llo
late Point, ESE. % E. Red Rock, SSE. % E.
Whiting Rock buoy has. been changed from
a second-class to a first-class can buoy, painted
with red and black horizontal stripes. This
buoy is about 300 feet WNW. of Whiting
Rock, which has 12 feet of water on H. The
buoy Is In 78 feet of water on the following
bearings: East Brother Lighthouse, NE. %
N.-, % mile. Molate Point, SE. by E. *i E
Point San -Pedro. NNW. • % W.
The San Pablo Bay buoy No. 2. Just above
San Pablo Point, near East Brother : Light
house, has been changed from a second-clasS
nun. to a first-class nun buoy, painted red.
¦ The San Pablo buoy No. 7, about 6-16 mile'
to southward and eastward of Mare Island
Lighthouse, has been moved to the southward
and eastward about 300 feet, and changed
from a second-class can to a first-class can
buoy, painted black and numbered 1/ The
buoy is now in 18 feet of water on the following
bearjngs: N. side of Carqulnes Strait, E. K
N. Mare Island Lighthouse, NW. by W. % \V
5-16 mile. SE. end Mare Island and end of
magazine wharf in range, N. % W. .
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
•* U. SEBREE, Commander, U. S N
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SAN FRANCISCO BAY— CALIFORNIA
Notice is hereby given . that the Mare . Island
straight shoal beacon, a three-pile structure
surmounted by- a fixed white lantern light,
marking the shoal at the entrance to Mare
Island Strait, San Pablo Bay/California, was
destroyed by a collision last night and the
llgrht extinguished. The -beacon will be rebuilt
and the light re-established as soon as prac
ticable.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 1901, page 16, No.
38, and the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1901, page 25. . ' - t • ' ¦ .
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
•.-- U. §EBR,EE, Commander, U. S. N.,
Inapecter Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABLO EAT— CALIFORNIA.
Judge Coffey entered a decree in favor
of the child Ethel and under the decree
of distribution she receives more than
$30,000. . „ ¦ - ¦
John Ross died In 1898," leaving a will In
which -he bequeathed the bulk of his es
tate to two daughters, Meta F. Frear
and Mary E. Hallett. Two sons, Joseph
L» and John M. Ross, were cut off with
$10 each.- John M. Ross went away to sea
twenty years ago and has not been heard
from since. Joseph L. Ross, father of
Ethel Ross, the contestant, likewise dis
appeared ten years ago. His wife, mother
o£- Ethel, long mourned him as dead' and
finally, after seven years had elapsed
and he had not returned, the law pre
sumed him dead and Mrs. Ross married
again, her name now being Sophie Jen
sen, i ¦ ¦ '¦
"When the . will of John Ross was pre
sented for probate a contest on- behalf of
his grandaughter, Ethel, was filed by At
torney I. I. Brown. It was pleaded in her
behalf that at the time John Ross made
the will, disinheriting his son, Joseph L.
Ross, this son was already dead in the eye
of the law. ThereforeHhe bequest of 510
in favor of the son lapsed and his daugh
ter became an heir-at-law of her de
ceased grandfather. The law of this State
permits a testator to disinherit his heirs,
but when the testator neglects to make
mention of an heir, the omission is con
strued' as 'accidental and the omitted
party , occupies the status of a preter
mitted heir. ' -
One-third of the 5100,000 estate left by
the late John Ross is now In the hands of
his granddaughter, Ethel Ross, aged 14
years. Judge Coffey signed the decree or
dering the distribution of the estate yes
terday morning, thereby closing a con
test of unusual interest. .
Judge Ooffey Signs Decree
of Final Distribu
tion.
Court Gives Her Third
of Grandfather's
Estate.
MISS ROSS WINS
SMALL FORTUNE
NOTE— The high v and. . low watera occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ,- about
twenty-flve minutes later than . at > Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Francisco Bay, Published , by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights - of High and Low
" Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon * and Tide.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 5, 1:15 a m— Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, from New York, for Ply
mouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg. - ..
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York, via Boulogne, Sur Mer.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston, for I Liverpool, and
proceeded. '
MARSEILLES— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Cala
bria, from New York, via Naples.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Sept 4— Stmr Glen
esk, from, Tacoma, via Yokohama, Hlogo,
HonKkong and Singapore, for London.' ;
Arrived Sent 3 — Stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver and Victoria, B C, for Naga
saki, Shanghai and Hongkong-.
BOSTON— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Ivernia, from
Liverpool.
ST MICHAEL— Passed Sept 4— Stmr Werra 1 ,
from Genoa. Naples and Gibraltar, for New
York. -
BROWHEAD— Passed Sept 4— Stmr * Cymric,
from New York, for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Maa«
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and
proceeded. -
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed. Sept 4-Stmr Lahu,
from Bremen, for New York; Btmr Haverford
(new), for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Ser>t 4— Stmr North
roan, from Chicago, via Sydney, C B.
Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Lake Champlaln, for
New York. r*
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 4— Stmr
Duke of Fife, from .Tacoma. via Yokohama.
Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Bremer, for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Clavering,
for Victoria.
Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Southwark, for Antwerp;
Ftmr St Louis, for Southampton; stmr Mongo
lian, for Glasgow; stmr Germanic, for Liver
pool.
NEW YORK— Arrived^Sept 4— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from Glasgow? and Movllle; stmr
Nord Amerika, from Genoa and Naples.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 21— Br ship
Orontes, for San Francisco. Sept 3— Br ship
Clackmannanshire, for San Francisco. Sept 2
—Ship Invincible, for San Francisco.- •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 3— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco.
MO JI— Sailed July 16— Jap stmr Toza Maru,
for Hongkong.
IQUIQUE— Cleared July 20— Ger bark Favor
ita for Astoria.
HULL— In port Aujr 22— Br ship Arctic
Stream, for Port Los Angeles.
CENTRAL AMERICA— Sailed Auk 1&-Ger
stmr Hermonthis, for Hamburg.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Aug 24— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 31— Br stmr Ching Wo,
for London, from Seattle.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 18— Danish uhlp
Jupfter. for Tacoma. Aug 30— Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept 3— Br Btmr Brae
mar, for Tacoma, Aug 31— Stmr Peru, for San
FranciBco. Sept 2— Ship Sea Witch, for San
Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Aur 20— Br ship
Thornliebank, for Astoria.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Sept 4— Ger Btmr
Kambyses, for Hamburg. - ¦ " "
GUAYMAS— Arrived Aug 18— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
HIOGO— Arrived July SO— Jap stmr Kama
kura Maru. from Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Sept 3— Br stmr Claver
injr, for "Victoria.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Sept 8— Br bark
Aberystwith Castle, from Eureka.
SINGAPORE— In port Auk 6— Nor stmr Hero,
for Tacoma.
HAMBURG-Sailed Sept 4— Ger Btmr Nic
aria, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
WHATCOM— Arrived Sent 4— Bktn John
Smith, from' Honolulu: ship Hecla, from Port
Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
ELEELE— Sailed Aug 18-Schr Oliver J Ol
een, for Pueret Sound.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept 4— Stmrs
Dolphin and Farallon, from Skasuay, for Se
attle; stmr Tacoma. from Hongkong, for Se
attle. ¦ . .• ¦ „
. Arrived Sept 4— Bark St James, from Hono
lulu.
Passed out Sept 4 — Jap stmr Tosa Maru,
from Yokohama.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Annie Lar
een, from San Pedro.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 4— Barge
Sar.ta Paula, in tow of tug Rescue, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for Santa Cruz and Grays Harbor.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Sept 4-^Bark Ru
fus E Wood, from Honolulu.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Lakme,
from Seattle. ¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 4— Strm
City of Para, hence Sept 2.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 4— Nor • Btmr Tyr,
from Vladivostok.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Brunswick,
¦for Unlmak Pass.
BALLARD— Sailed Sept 4— Schr Martha W
Tuft, for Yakutat.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Fanny Du
tard, from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 4 — Stmr Asuncion,
hence Aug 31; stmr Dolphin, from Skaguay.
Sailed S*pt 3— Stmr Humboldt, for Skaguay.
Arrived Sent 4— Simr Farallon, from Skag
uay: Jap stmr Tcza Maru. from Yokohama.
Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Cottase City, for Skag
uay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 4, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S\V, velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Aus 15, lat 29 N, Ion 19 W— Ger ship Alice,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Aug 28. lat 48 N, Ion 22 W— Br ship Forrest
Hall, from Portland, for Queenstown.
Auff 25. lat 37 Ni Ion 16 W— Fr bark Duch
esso Anne, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Aus: 30, lat 49 N, Ion 10 W— Br bark Dal
blair, from Portland, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka. \
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, . Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong.
Bktn Coronado. Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Point' Reyes.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Wednesday, September 4.
Btmr G«o Lioomls, . Bridgett, Ventura. , '
8tmr B&nta Cruz, H Inkle, southern coast.
6tmr Walla, Walla. Hall, Victoria, etc.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 4. >
Stmr Walla. Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend; GDOdall, Perkins & Co.
Jap ttmr Hongkong Maru. Filmer. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery. •
¦ Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. '
• Br stmr 'Oak Branch, Scheel, 8t Vincent;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Luisa D, Moore, Marshall Islands; Wil
liams. Dlmond & Co. '
Tuesday, September 3.
Br ship Mayfleld, Roberts, 65 days from Val
paraiso, arrived off port, and was ordered to
proceed to Portland, Or.
Wednesday, September 4. \
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 82 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig-, S3 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stjnr Crescent City, Payne, 3SV4 hours from
Crescent City.
Nor stmr Horda, Svendsen, SH days from
Ladvumlth.
Br bark Brussels, Ceraiz, 62 days from Lyl
tleton.
Br bark Iibrd Templeton, McCracken, 81 days
from Newcastle, Aus. I
Schr P.ainbridge, BaumanAll days from Fort
Blakeley.
Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
£84 crs onions for Brisbane, Aus., valued at
J1968, and 883 cs canned fruit for St. Paul,
Minn., valued at $2469."
4000 lbs dried fruit, 65 cs bottles, 69 pkgs dry
goods. 2000 lbs shot. 32 pkgs machinery, 605
lbs cheese. 7- rolls leather. 650 bxs paste, 1095
pkgs fruits and vegetables, 2 cs rubber goods,
31 cs arms and ammunition, 50 gals wine, 103
pkgs groceries and provisions, 18 cs hardware, 1
S cs paints" and oils, 20 pkgs raisins. 27.310 lbs
malt, 230 cs canned goods, ; 6 kegs naile, 947
lbs leaf tobacco, 120 cb chocolate, 3 cs drugs,'
11,275 lbs rosin, 16 cyls gas, 50 cs whisky, "i
cs hats, 200 lbs beeswax.
The eteamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with the following merchandise,
valued at 19915.
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
To Korea— 25 C8 whisky, 66 cs canned goods,
62 pkgs groceries and provisions, 5 cs dry goods,
4 bdls wire, 350 lbs eugar, 1 cr bicycles, 4576
lbs butter.
To Vladivostok — 4 pkgs machinery.
To Siam— 7 pkgs household goods, 2 cs hard
ware, 1 bale dry goods, 1 cs crockery.
To East Indies — 175 cs canned goods, 2 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1000 lbs dried fruit,
3600 lbs lard, 350 cs salmon.
To Japan— 75 pkgs beer? 8470 lbs butter, 31 crs
bicycles and sundries. SI cs canned goods, 200
bales cotton. 10 cs boots and shoes, 7 cs drugs,
1750 lbs dried fruits, 6 cs electrical supplies,
70 pkgs fruit, 495 pkgs groceries and provisions,
140 cs hardware, 397 bdls Iron, 34S5 pigs lead,
101 rolls leather, 12 pkgs machinery, 574 kegs
nails, 2l flasks quicksilver. 6 cs rubber goods;
35, SI 3 lbs sugar, 56,000 , lbs soda, 142,182 lbs
tan bark. 7 ca whisky, 386 bdls wire ehorts,
17 cs, 1405 gals wine. ,
To Manila— 100 cs canned goods, 4295 lbs
bacon, 50 crs potatoes. S3 pigs lead, 16 cs hard
ware. 57,400 lbs malt, 8 cs stationery, 261 gals
wine, 6 bbls glassware.
To China— 17&2 lbs beans, 12 ca boots and
shoes, 123 pkgs beer, 3519 lbs cheese. 210 cs
canned goods, 49 cs drugs. 1250 bales drills
and sheetings. 106 bales dry goods, 14 bales
domestics, 18.375 bbls flour, 717 pkgs fruit, 1036
pkgs groceries and provisions, 6 csks ginseng,
tr.it lbs hops. 1424 lbs bam. 6558 lbs malt, 250
bxs nut oil. 1000 lbs peas, 2500 lbs pearl barley,
27 cs rubber goods, SUO lbs sugar, 527 bdls wire
rods, 2577' gals wine.
The Japanese line steamer Hongkong Maru
sailed yesterday for the Orient with a general
cargo valued at $212,076, manifested and des
tined as follows: For China. $132, CSS; Japan,
$67,710; Manila. $&02; East Indies. {2520: Korea,
«:003; Vladivostok. $7W>; Slam, $293. The fol
lowing were the principal eiporte:
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
Th» Celtic Chief will load wheat here for
Europe. S8s 9d, prior to arrival; the Charles
E. Fa'.k. lumber at San Pedro for Honolulu;
the Compeer, lumber at Tacoma for Hilo; the
Nantes, wheat at Portland for Europe, 33s 6d,
prior to arrival; the St. James, salmon on
Pug-et Sound for Xew York (lump sum); the
IXufus E. Wood, lumber at Chemainus for Syd
ney, 42s 6d, with the usual options, prior to
arrival.
2TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer will be named Santa Moni
ca, and is a little larger than the Samoa,
which she has been built to replace. She
is 178 feet long, 36 feet 6 Inches beam and
12 feet 6 inches deep. She will use oil for
fuel, and in consequence two tanks have
been placed forward and two amidship.
These have a capacity of 20,000 gallons,
or enough for a round-trip on the' coast.
Some time ago Hanify & Co. sold the Sa
moa to A. \V. Beadle & Co. and then
placed an order for the Santa Monica.
The latter vessel would now have been
in commission had it not been for the
machinists' strike.
Two new vessels for the coast trade are
now nearing completion at Harbor View
for J. R. Hanify & Co. One of them is a
four-masted schooner and the other a
steam schooner. The sailing vessel has
not yet been named, but she will be 225
feet long, 41 feet 6 inches beam, 14 feet 8
inches deep and will carry over 1.WU.000
feet of lumber. »
Vessels, tot Coast Trade.
Shipment of Grain-
The British steamer Oak Branch was cleared
r«terday for St. Vincent for orders with 10 431
ctls wheat, valued at 510,170; 96.S24 ctls barl«y
valued at JST.HO, ar.d rs.OOO ft lumber as dunl
nage. valued at $390.
THE Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Hong
kong Maru was a half-hour late
getting away yesterday. She was
ready to sail on time, but some
mail matter delayed her. She took
away every ounce of freight she could
carry and was in splendid trim for the
run. She will stop at Honolulu to pick up
passengers. Those who went'away in the
cabin of the Hongkong Maru were:
For Yokohama- Mrs. S.' K. Adams, A. Busch
el, wife and two children; Dr. D. Dupuy, T.
Kurachi. S. Onoraka, S. Segawa, Miss Emma
"Wlllard.
For Kobe— F. J. Neill.
For Shanghai— Mrs. B. Dunn. Miss A. Hagrer,
Miss E. Haser, Rev. R. A. Haden, wife and
three children; Dr. Gertrude Taft.
For Hongkong— S. D. I Bradbury, H. Burke,
infait fend maid; Dr. E. Crook and wife, Mrs.
E. D. de Gauti, lire. E. F. Earl. G. T. Ford
and wife. Mrs. C. M. Johnston, Mrs. L.. John
stone Mrs. B. M. Lament, Mrs.' V. Latham,
M. de Montille, E. P. Schnutenhaus and wife.
A. H. Whitney, George Woodward Smith and
wife. i,
To join at Honolulu— H. F. Dutton. O. H.
Eddy. Dr. P. Krieg- and wife, E. V. Meeks,
Walter M. Manuel and wife, V. L,. Ourdan and
wife, A. Simons and J. L. Upham.
STEAM SCHOONER SANTA MONICA AND A NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER NOW NEARING COMPLE
TION AT HARBOR VIEW. THEY ARE FOR THE COAST TRADE AND WILL PROBABLY GO INTO COM
MISSIOX THE LATTER PART OP THE MONTH. THE STEAMER IS BEING FITTED TO BURN OIL.
All over the Aleuts* last abiding place
were scores and hundreds of crickets
every one of them full of life and ready
to jump briskly at a shadow or to s=it
«£ W^ a J 1<1 , tune up lts cell ° *»' scraping its
f£T^*t2 le^, sl >arply together to charm
*£* <? os - Prett J *<>on visitors began to
crop in. attracted by the unusual sound.
The occupants cf the offices of the Com
mercial Museum, adjoining heard the
£V^£?V n y Itatlo £ to caI1 and accepted it.
™« £ » r i Cm , Berk f lev in to make
notes on Alaska and were diverted to the
study of the crickets, which kept un a
Pi?* 1 "! quite as unique as unexpected.
? * r- y . lo "(^ thIs Pains' w as heard in
the Ferry building, but it was confined to
one room V.'hen the doors were closed
for the night the concert still proceeded
without interruption. Miss Furlong care
f riit<S aUtl -?2 ed the vIsitors not to kill the
< rickets. They sang to her merciful dis
position their hymn of praise all the day
W here the crickets came from and how
thpy got into the museum and whv they
selected a room in which there is nothing
more attractive to eat in the exhibits
than a mummy are questions over which
may puzzle themselves
J h 5 crlc . kets ¦*"' Probably be at their post
to-day if they do not perish of hunger
and thirst sooner.
A shrill piping noise greeted Miss E. M.
Furlong when she arrived yesterday
morning from Berkeley to open up for the
cay the Alaskan curio exhibit in charge
of the University of California and lo
cated in the Ferry building. There are
in the room remains of ancient Aleuts,
%£* A ? f . walrus es. the figures of long
%& -^affcf 11 seals, canoes manned by
efflgles of defunct natives of the Far
isorth and other inanimate objects.
E\ery thing in the room for exhibition is
a f X^ ad M a door nail « and there was no
visible cause at first to account for the
noise; but soon there dropped from the
ceiling of the room to the floor some
thing black. Another and still another
black object followed. All the time the
piping noiso pervaded the museum.
r»ot startled, but much surprised. Miss
Furlong- began an investigation. A super
fl~w £ iew i °* the apartments brought to
light hundreds of live crickets that were
£^?/ n *V < * wU y as If they were in the
nuast of flowering meadows In the cool
or evening.
h^feffiK saW^. c ? cket volce t0
«!!££"*£ "iP*..**** 1 " up «" responded another
voice, pitched a sixth lower and seeming
ly aimed at the figure of the most forlorn
of all the dead Aleutians, which looked
just as Bad and forlorn as ever in Us fun
1^%f fie?!*' notwithEtan «5ing the mu-
Curios They Make
Brave Music.
All Day Amid the Rows of
Hundreds of Insects Are
Tuneful Invaders of
Museum.
CRICKETS SING
ALEUTS' DIRGE
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,' SEPTEMBER 5,^1901,
Smuggled Goods on the Guatemala.
Nine costly*"llama robes and 500 cigars
were found by customs Inspectors yester
day secreted in the cook's quarters of the
steamer Guatemala.
AIDS A COOLIE TO
ESCAPE FBOM A SHIP
Toy Tay Tries to Pilot His Trhntma-n
to Liberty and in Consequence ¦ , ,
Is Jailed.
Toy Tay, a wily Chinaman, wag ' ar
rested yesterday by Customs Inspector
Richardson on a charge of illegally aid
ing and abetting the escape of Toy Hoo
from the Japanese steamer Hongkong
Maru last Thursday.
On that date at a Quarter before -..-1
o'clock in the afternoon Inspector Rich
ardson saw a Chinese passenger jump out
of the forward port and run up the dock.
Toy Tay was standing behind a pile I of
sacks of rice and beckoning to Toy Hop.
As the fugitive approached Toy Tay
dodged among the pllea of merchandise
on the dock, piloting his escaping kins
man, v ! = ...-.-.,
Richardson ran down Toy Hoo and cap
tured him, but Toy Tay escaped. He ap
peared on the dock yesterday Just before
the steamer sailed to bid his relative
g-ood-by and was immediately arrested.
Toy Tay will be vigorously prosecuted.-
HONGKONG MARU CARRIES MANY
PASSENGERS FOR THE ORIENT
5J" d . column and the successive tides of th<
t y .? i ne order of occurrence as to time- th<
fourth time column irlves the last tide of th
day, except when there are but three tides a
sometimes occurs. The heights given' are f
addition to the sounding on the UnUed State'
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus i (— '
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
7
Bun r
Sun b
Moon
¦ises
iete.. r ...'....
rises (third quarter]
V. : .".V.V.V.'.V.Vl:24 ']
.5:42
,.6:35
>. jn.
Date
5 ...
( ...
Time ; Time
Ft. Ft
HW'.'.LW
5:29 4.2 10:09 ll
6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1
L Wl IH W .
0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4
1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7
2:40—0.1 9:86 5.0
8:26 0.0 10:19 5.2
4:05 0.2 10:55 ; 6.4
Time • . Time
Ft.
H W ;.~ir^W
'4:26"T6 11:41
6:34 5.6 .....'.
L W H W
12:41 3.0 : 6:43
1:48 2.7 7:54
'2:46 2.3 8:56
3:36 2.0 9:51
4:22 -1.6 ,10:41
Ft --'
±
7
9 ".".
10 ;-:. |
11 :.
6.5
5.5
5.5
5.5
5.4
' NOTE — In ' the ' above ' exposition of '. the . tides
tbo early morning tides are given . in the left
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Australia Tahiti
Bonita Seattle ,"" "
Bnnta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts'
A\ashtenaw Tacoma j * <•=.
Point Arena... Point Arena"!!'. *"""
Pcmoi-a Humboldt ....
Progreso — ... Tacoma . •-¦•""
South Portland Coos Bay '¦
Mandalay Coquille River!!!!!
Eureka Humboldt
V • Redondo & Way p'orti!
lor n, bla -,- Valparaiso & Way Pts
City Puebla.... p uge t Sound Ports ¦
a f lna Seattle & Tacoma.!.!!!
?° rI 5, v China and Japan
San Bias Panama & Way Ports
w e n Ph w""— Hamburg & Way P?|.'
A\ alia Walla.. Puget Sound Ports"!!
Sept 5
Sept. 5
Sept. 5
Sept. 5
(Sept. 6
Sept. 7
Sept. 7
Sept. 7
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
'Sept. 9
I Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 11
Sept. 13
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
September 5.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo t& Way..
_. v September O. ¦
Kureka Humboldt
_ September 7.
Curacao Mexican , Ports :..
San Jose Panama & Way.
frerapls Hamburg & Way..
¦vr ' '.,_ „ , September s.
North Fork... Humboldt ....
Santa Rosa... San Dlcgo & Way!
Lmatllla..... Puget Sound Porte
_, September O. I
Pomona Humboldt
Leelanaw.... N. T..vla Panama
Point Arena. Point' Arena
c . „ ••», September 10.'
st - Paul Nome & St Michael
»¦ „ ' September 11.
Australia..... Tahiti direct... .
—,,„ September 12.
? r hln , a China and Japan..
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts
r>, t „ I September 13.
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Pori
12 m
9 am
9 am
10 am
12 m
9 am 1
9 am
11 am!
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier II
PMSS
Pier 27
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
1:30 p|
2 pm
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 2
10 am
Pier 24
1 10 am
I
Pier 7
1 pm
10 am
PMSS
Pier 7
111 am
|pter 9
mer.
Destination.
Sails.
£{|£ all <> n - Skaguay & Way Ports Sent 6
Dofnh£ D " |b aKUay ' & Wa * FoTt '- Sept." 5
iJoiphln Skaguay & "Way Pnrf> q.^ t £
and Nome & St. Mtoha-1.. Sept 10
Rff, 1 ] 1 * VaMez & Way I>ortB.. Sept! 10
oiro^ie " K^ aEUa J , & Way Ports - Se^ M
oaronnej.. Nome direct ReDL T>
Cottaee City... Skaguay. & Way Pom sSpt. 14
•••,•¦; Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept Al
Centennial Nome & Teller SeptllS
earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
September 5.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo t& Way..
_. v September O. ¦
Kureka Humboldt
_ September 7.
Curacao Mexican , Ports :..
San Jose Panama & Way.
frerapls Hamburg & Way..
¦vr ' '.,_ „ , September s.
North Fork... Humboldt ....
Santa Rosa... San Dlcgo & Way!
Lmatllla..... Puget Sound Porte
_, September O. I
Pomona Humboldt
Leelanaw.... N. T..vla Panama
Point Arena. Point' Arena
c . „ ••», September 10.'
st - Paul Nome & St Michael
»¦ „ ' September 11.
Australia..... Tahiti direct... .
—,,„ September 12.
? r hln , a China and Japan..
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts
r>, t „ I September 13.
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Pori
12 m
9 am
9 am
10 am
12 m
9 am 1
9 am
11 am!
Pier 10
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier II
PMSS
Pier 27
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
1:30 p|
2 pm
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 2
10 am
Pier 24
1 10 am
I
Pier 7
1 pm
10 am
PMSS
Pier 7
111 am
|pter 9
mer.
Destination.
Sails.
£{|£ all <> n - Skaguay & Way Ports Sent 6
Dofnh£ D " |b aKUay ' & Wa * FoTt '- Sept." 5
iJoiphln Skaguay & "Way Pnrf> q.^ t £
and Nome & St. Mtoha-1.. Sept 10
Rff, 1 ] 1 * VaMez & Way I>ortB.. Sept! 10
oiro^ie " K^ aEUa J , & Way Ports - Se^ M
oaronnej.. Nome direct ReDL T>
Cottaee City... Skaguay. & Way Pom sSpt. 14
•••,•¦; Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept Al
Centennial Nome & Teller SeptllS
Bun r
Sun b
Moon
¦ises
iete.. r ...'....
rises (third quarter]
V. : .".V.V.V.'.V.Vl:24 ']
.5:42
,.6:35
>. jn.
Date
5 ...
( ...
Time ; Time
Ft. Ft
HW'.'.LW
5:29 4.2 10:09 ll
6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1
L Wl IH W .
0:51 0.0 7:56 4.4
1:49 —0.1 8:51 4.7
2:40—0.1 9:86 5.0
8:26 0.0 10:19 5.2
4:05 0.2 10:55 ; 6.4
Time • . Time
Ft.
H W ;.~ir^W
'4:26"T6 11:41
6:34 5.6 .....'.
L W H W
12:41 3.0 : 6:43
1:48 2.7 7:54
'2:46 2.3 8:56
3:36 2.0 9:51
4:22 -1.6 ,10:41
Ft --'
±
7
9 ".".
10 ;-:. |
11 :.
6.5
5.5
5.5
5.5
5.4
' NOTE — In ' the ' above ' exposition of '. the . tides
tbo early morning tides are given . in the left
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Australia Tahiti
Bonita Seattle ,"" "
Bnnta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts'
A\ashtenaw Tacoma j * <•=.
Point Arena... Point Arena"!!'. *"""
Pcmoi-a Humboldt ....
Progreso — ... Tacoma . •-¦•""
South Portland Coos Bay '¦
Mandalay Coquille River!!!!!
Eureka Humboldt
V • Redondo & Way p'orti!
lor n, bla -,- Valparaiso & Way Pts
City Puebla.... p uge t Sound Ports ¦
a f lna Seattle & Tacoma.!.!!!
?° rI 5, v China and Japan
San Bias Panama & Way Ports
w e n Ph w""— Hamburg & Way P?|.'
A\ alia Walla.. Puget Sound Ports"!!
Sept 5
Sept. 5
Sept. 5
Sept. 5
(Sept. 6
Sept. 7
Sept. 7
Sept. 7
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
'Sept. 9
I Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 11
Sept. 13
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
So**' SL_B S3 ff\ "T JTV t& , rjA ak
. EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. .
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
i In a superb production of
WITH ALL NEW SCENERY.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS,
"THE TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Extra* Matinee Monday— ADMISSION DAT!
VAUDEVILLE'S
BRIGHTEST PHASES!
LIBBY. TRAYER AND GILBERT. THE FIVE
SUNBEAMS. THE LA VALLEE TRIO,
MLLE. LOTTY. TALKATIVE MISS NOR-
TON. THE GREAT POWELL AND HIS
- COMPANY AND THE BIOQRAPH. LAST
TIMES OF LUCILLE SAUNDERS AND
THE CRAGG FAMILY.
Reserved Seats,' 25c;' Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. ' .
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. -f.< .
MATINEE AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT, Sunday Night, Saturday Matinee.
MiGNONjSsr'wKsr
Friday and Saturday,
£l'ifoWa_NORMA
"CARMEN"--»Neit Week--~"FADST"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
•' v Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
TO-NIGHT -AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Lester Wallack's Great Play.
"ROSEDALE."
¦ Joseph Haworth's performance of Elliot Gray
Is a masterpiece of love, comedy and pathos.
• POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c.' 25c, 60o, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket .Office, Emporium. ""'
NEXT WEEK— -
JOSEPH HAWORTH IN "QUO VADIS." '
GHUTESv and ZOO
Superb Vaudeville Bill!
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
. —AND A—
FAT LADIES' BASKET BALL
CONTEST.
1 x ; Telephone for" Seats— Park IS.
Actual bDEiness bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countant* end reporter* a* teachers; Grecz
*honhand. tbe eail»st, fastest and Jnort read-
able. Pay and evenlnj. FULL COURSE, J60.
SAN FRA^¦CISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 .Market Street.
- a «Qm I n V^m B k9k.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Po«t et.. Ban Francisco. - CaL
Est&blisbed Nearly W year*. Open Entire Tear.
¦Write for 80-paee catalogue (free).
[BARGAINS! I
¦ ' • V H _ . v^ ¦ . . . • . # • ' : ':¦ a
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦,. . * ' ; ,-. v ; : •¦ ¦
¦ / We respectfully call attention g
g to the following reductions: g
g 200 LADIES'. COLORED, SILK WAISTS, 0 A hf% m
| value for $5 and $6, will be offered at. . .... Jk'/. H II 1
3 ; - ¦ -¦•¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ :: " \ V^ !V " ¦
a LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor- Q r« •"¦
m made, value for $12 50, will be offered at.. UqOII m
S LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor- |> f%k §
a made, value for $20, will be offered at. . ... I j; 1 1 11 M
I LADIES' RAGLANS will be offered at...... T^rft I
B :...-.,.. ... I fill H
¦ . \ y' ¦ iW W B
| ( LADIES' RAGLANS, 56 inches long, value for g A flfl §
B $15, will be placed on sale at ...... ... . . . . ||J , (J |J g
¦BJ ' ' - ¦ *' ,n ¦ , ' . ...''-¦'-- JTI
g, LADIES' RAGLANS in Brown, Black and Tan, g
m new samples, 56 inches long, value for $40 A f\\ A | A I
I ¦ • and $50, will be offered at. . '.". . . ..... ... Jtf IJll S
-.'•. ' ¦ ¦"¦¦'".¦"¦ "" - ¦ ¦' - ¦ . BIB I PB
g .• : W) ' — — — — . :.: :::-:• ¦ /:; §
|= WHITE FEATHER BOAS will be offered : ft Cft ¦
g at. v ,....;..;..... : . . . . ... ... D.UU g
g . '• . y*vv g
I .MISSES' PLAIN and PLA ID GOLF CAPES, : 7 A f\ h
Ei 22 and 24 inches, will be offered at. .$5, $6, I ,110 S
|j O'BRIEN & GO, I
g 1146 -MARKET StRffiT. |
BHBBBBBBBBflBBBHBBBBBBflflBBBflBBBBBBBBflBflBBflBaBB
j^S^jl^fc^^'
ADVE2,TISZ3irEl^T3.
MONDAY.
f* ' " IT all depends upon what you want in a soap.
If you require simply a dirt remover, almost
any soap will do. But if you care at all about
, i - 7 . 1 the thing which is to be washed, you must
think twice before you act. Any soap will clean linens
arid muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white as
snow. Any soap will clean sheets and table cloths, but
Ivory Soap leaves no coarse, strong odor. Try it once I
IT FLOATS. ,
" . MPYinaHT 1M* IV THI PROeTdt « «AK*LE CO. CINCINNATI .
GOLD CliOWN«
fit for a king are put upon your
TEtTli
in a manner which gives results beyond
your greatest hopes. Everything that
skill and care can do to save the teeth
is done and cur method has preserved
for years teeth Vhich were . apparently
past usefulness and beyond redemp-
tion.
When they must go we supply
ARTIFICIAL TEETH"
which are excellent substitutes. Prices:
Gold Crowns $5.00. Artificial Teeth $5.00.
CHALMERS DENTAL CO..
San Francisco. 133 Powell Street.
BElASCOA»oTHAirSj^ fJk i%Sf
EVERT BVO AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
MATINEE SATDHDAT AND SOT. 1 P. M.
TRANSCENDENT TRIUMPH of Edward Eis-
ner's- Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
RO ERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.; -$1,,
PPirKC Evenings... 10c 13c, 25c. 33c, 50o
I HIWEJ Matinees. 10c. 15c. 2So
EXTE4 MATINEE NEXT K0H9AT (Admission D»y>
Every Night Except Sunday.
MATINEE SATTJRDAT.
Seats now ready for all remaining perform-
ances.
CHARLES FROHMAN
ANJMirilJSSELL
In the Comedy of Romance.
A ROYAL FAMILY
By R. Marshall.
Next "Week— Final Nights ANNTE RXJSSE1J.
In "A ROYAL FAMILY:" ¦
THIS EVENING.
MR. JAMBS AND THE
WETLL NEILL
1 V Beam* M MU* Emot COMPANY.
PRESENTING
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
NEXT "WEEK— LAST OF JIR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY.
Sunday and Monday Evenings I BARBARA
Monday Matinee— 2sc and 50c 1 FKIETCHIE
Tuesday Evening THE JILT
Wednesday Ev"g..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee THE JILT
Thursday Evening A ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell).. .THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
SEATS NOW READY.
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND ys. SACRAMENTO \
To-day, Friday and Saturday at' 3:15.-
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P. M.
Monday (Admission Day), at 2:30.
RECREATION PARK,
- Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOtnaiV O Admiaaion IOc. .
The • Paloma Quartet, the Coopers, Jun»
Mathlas. Sam Holdsworth, W. W. Durant,
Amos Davis. Mayhelle de Heard. Coleman and
Mexls and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 85c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIS NIGHTS.
, OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
Bathing from 7 a. in. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children. 20c.
PALACE
. _ __ . These hotels possecs "
AND tne attributes that tour-
frrrr: i • Ists and travelers ap-
£RANTI predate— central loca-
tuvlUlU uon, liberal mana*e-
MrtTPJT C ment. modern appoint- ,
nUlCLJ, ments and perfect cui-
sine. ¦ .
San American and ITuro-
pean plans,
Francisco.
j Pleasant
I Hours
3 Swiftly Flying 1 —
Those spent on the
j California limited
M as it rushes and races
v across the country from
Ean Francisco to Chicago
3 in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
jj 9 a. xn. every Monday
\\ and Thursday on the
Santa Fe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJ1UKKMJ5JJTB.
AMUSEMENTS.STATIONS. 3 .fB|g 32 I: «
I :|:3 p r 5.
.... B
Foreign Futures.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 64 degrees.
EASTERN MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
There is no particular change In . Poultry. ' as
Poultry and , Game.
CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— Extreme; dullness^ was
the only feature . in wheat, | but with . all the
Inactivity and the , efforts of bears | there ' was
a . strong undertone to ; the market . and ..the
close was at the top figures of the day.; The
opening was - a \ shade easier 'on ' ¦¦ Indifferent
cables and liberal Northwest receipts. A" fair
cash demand and comparatively light- local
receipts were bull factors. December opened
a ' shade lower to a shade ; higher ; at '• 71@71%c,'
and ¦• in sympathy with coarse grains prices
declined to 70%c. rallying toward the ¦ close.
WEDNESDAY. Sept 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 4 03 03
Alta — 05 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01- 02 Lady . Wash 01
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 23 2T,
Best & Belcher 23 23 Occidental 01 03
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 84 85
Caledonia 17 19 Overman 05 en
Challenge Con. 18 20 Potosl 05 0«
Chollar 04 03 Savage 0« 07
Confidence -71 7* Scorpion „ — (u
Con Cal & Va..l 85 1 90 Seg Belcher.... — 04
Oon Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 15 u
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 32 33
Crown Point... 04 05 St Louis 06
Eureka Con.... 13 — Standard ...... 3 23
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate o«
Gould & Curry. 08 10 Union Con 09 10
Hale & Norcrs.. IS 20 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 14 "i»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
OILS— There is another sharp drop In Lin «.^
Oil. California Castor Oil. in cases; No 1 7fc
pure. $1 22: Linseed /Oil, In' barrels, boiled'
66c: raw. 54c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil extri
winter strained, barrels, 8pc; cases 85c- 'ruin*
Nut; 55®72c per gallon; pure Ne'atsfoot Oil
barrels, 67%c; cases, • 72%c; Sperm, pure 65c-
Whale Oil. natural' white. 40@45c per gallon 1
Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c; cases 42vTc;'
COAL OIL— Water . White Coal Oil m bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases.. 19c: Astral. 19c- l? ar '
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene Mo
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15 C - in caw
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases 20c- 86-df'
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 1 20c; in cases 26c' ¦
t< TURPENTINE--58cj>er gallon in . cases and
52c in di-uma or Iron barrels '
SUGAR-The x Western Sugar Reflnlmr Com
pany quotes, per lb.:ln 100-lb bags
_Cubes. r-' Cjushed_- and ' Fine • Crushed.' 6.20c;
Powdered, i>.(U: ; Candy Granulated. 5 05c- Dry
COAL— Wellington. $9- per ton;. Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative 'Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14- Can
nel, $10. per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $8 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 . per ton. according to
brand. . - .¦¦...,
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%0
7%c: local make. He less than Calcuttas; "Wool
Bags, 32@3uc; Fleece ;:. Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags, 5%@6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for lute.
General Merchandise.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l^Q^Hc;* String
Beans l@3c: Llmas, 2@3c; Cabbage, . 60@65c per
ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@40c; from Ala
meda,'. 40@75c; . Dried | Peppers, 1 10@12%c; Green
Okra, 40@65cper box; Carrots, -25@35c> per sack;
Cucumbers. Bay, 25@40c ; Pickles, 1%@1%c per
lb'for small and lc for . large; Garlic, 2@3c:
Green Peppers, 25®40c per box for Chile and 23
@4<)c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box; Green
Corn. , 40<gT5c per .sack; Alameda, 75c@Jl per
crate; Berkeley, 50073c; Summer Squash,* large
boxes, '20@30c; new Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
r POTATOES— $1 20@l 35. in sacks and $1 33@1 30
In 'boxes- for ;Burbanks. • $1 15@1 25 for: Garnet
Chiles , and " $1 lOStl 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks. $1 40@l 60;. Sweets, 40@60c for Rivers
and 75c for Merced. , .. -,
• ONIONS— Yellow, 3 $1 10@l 30 per ctl ; . Pickle
Onions. : 50@75c per ctl. : ... , .
There are plenty of Tomatoes on the market,
as may be inferred from the quotations,- and
supplies of Peppers, Squash, -Egg Plant and
Cucumbers are excessive.
Receipts of Potatoes continue large, those
yesterday being 7432 ' sks, and the feeling Is
weak, though- there ls.no further decline. .. The
shipping demand . continues, though It is not
as 6harp as it was. Sweet Potatoes are very
weak and lower, being in oversupply. Onions
are also weak. . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
.CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— Earl Fruit f Company
sales California- fruit v (Pears— Bartletts $1 60®
2 45, average $2 15. Grapes— Malaga- $1 30@l 40,
average $1 37 single crates; Clusters, average
$170 single crates. \ . . • .
Porter Brothers Company sales: - -¦' '
Car from R Winters: . j Pears— Bartletts $2 10®
2 45, average $2 33 boxes; 95c@$l 25, average
$1 13 half-boxes. Peaches— Piquet's Late 73@
80c, average 78c boxes. Grapes— Tokayo $1 05@
2 25, average $1 47 single crates. Gross sale",
$990. - - -.-- •-•' .' ¦ • . V -,
Car from Vacavllle : Pears— Bartletts j $2 20
@2 45, ' average $2 24 boxes. Peaches— Salways,
average 50c boxes;; Piquet's Late 65@70c, aver-'
age 68c box. Nectarines— 85c@$l 05,- average
98c " single ! ¦ crates." ' Grapes — Tokays ! $1 25@2.
average $1 51 single crates. : Gross 1 sale $1125.
Car from San ¦ Jose : Pears— Bartletts ' $1 30^
1 70, -average $1 54; Beurre Hardy, ,$1 50@l 65
boxes; . Howell $1 55@2, • average $188 .boxes.
Prunes — Silver 55@80c,_ average 60c single crates;
Gros, .average $1 45 single crates; German. $105
<gl 10, average $1 06 single crates. Plums—Yel
low Egg 45@65c, ; average 63c :- single crates;
Green Gage, average 55c single crates. Gross
sale, $775. ..-¦¦¦•••. v. v >..- - ¦• ,;.:•'•: . - . =•. ... ¦,--
Car from: Vacavllle:;' Pears— Bartletts $2 45®
2 60, average. $2 47. boxes;: half-boxes, . average
$1 25.5 Grapes— Tokays $1 50@l 75, average $1 66
single' crates. f Gross, sale, $1205. • -\ . .' .:
•Car from Colfax: ; < Pears— Bartletts $1 35@2 30,
average $1 34 boxes. Plums — Kelsey Japan, 80c
@$1 10.. average' $1: single- crates;.. Yellow Egg.
average ,40c single crates.,: Prunes— Hungarian,'
$1(31 55, average $1 35 single crates.' Gross sale.
$985." v '• . ¦".'.'< -¦ / :. -¦¦ .*,; V - *.-¦¦•:.¦ ,- V
v: Car j • from '-j Las Palmas : Grapes— Malaga
As "already mentioned, the Incoming of the
new crop of Beans has weakened that mar
ket and sellers are more than willing to make
concessions to work off their stocks. No fur
ther decline Is noted, however. ¦
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small White, $4 90@
5; Large White, $3 25@3 50; Pink, $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 75@3;-Blackeye, $3 25@3 35; Limas, $6 40
@6 50; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl. '.. . -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25@2 60; Canary, 3%
(f?3%c fcr Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
@2Vic; Hemp, 3%c per.lb. -
DRIED i PEAS— N lies, ' $1 65 per ctl. ;
Beans and Seeds.
' Following were the sales in the> Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
300 Best & Belcher 20 300 Ophir 74
300 Best & Belcher 21 100 Ophir 73
300 Challenge Con.. 17 400 Ophir 77
1500 Chollar 04 600 Potosl 05
800 Con Cal & V.I 72% 300 Sierra Nevada. 13
3300 Con Cal & V...1 75 200 Sierra. Nevada. 12
200 Mexican 19 200 Silver Hill .... 33
300 Mexican 20 400 Yellow Jacket. 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va..l 75 600 Mexican 13
600 Crown Point... 05 600 Ophir $3
500 Gould & Curry. 09 300 Ophir 84
300 Hale & Norcrs. 13 1000 Sierra Nevada. It
300 Mexican 20 60O Union Con >.. 03
400 Mexican 21 500 Yellow Jacket. U
900 Mexican 22
Afternoon Session.
BOO Con Cal & Va..l 751 900 Ophir 80
100 Mexican 21 100 Silver Hill S3
100 Occidental 02i 600 Yellow Jacket. 15
.. Morning Session.
800 Belcher 12 600 Ophir 77
200 Best & Belcher 21 600 Savage 05
2C0 Gould & Curry. 09 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Mexican 20 200 Yellow Jacket. It
150 Mexican ' 19
Following were the sales In the 8an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
New York Got ton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The market for cotton
futures closed quiet and steady, net unchanged
to 4 points higher. ¦ . . . v. y.v
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%®
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars/ 50 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@3%c ¦
LAMB— 7@3c per lb.
Private wires from Chicago yesterday said
that receipts of Hogs there were heavy and
likely to continue so, those for to-day being
estimated at 22,000. It is , expected that these
heavy deliveries will eventually wear on prices
and it is doubtful If the present price of 6%c
can be maintained. This market is well sup
plied with I Hogs and . prices are easy, though
no lower.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦, -, ¦ ¦ -..
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 6®5%c per lb
for cows. . —
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%©7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Afternoon Session.
No sales.
Morning Session.
700 Junction 29
100 San Joaquln $ 62%
100 Twenty-eight 1 75
6 Hanford 117 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Prices ! for everything remained unchanged.
Receipts of Hay were light.' ' ¦
BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton. *, . ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the ¦ mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $33 50
@34; Cracked Corn, $34@34 50; Mixed Feed, $1S 50
@19 50. . --. - • ¦ • . .
HAY— Wheat, $7(g>9 50; choice, $10@10 50; Wheat
and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and Oat,
$6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@$10 60; Clover, $5 50@7; Vol
unteer, : $4 50@5 50.
STRAW- 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Again there occurred
a slight drop in the price of : tin In metal
circles to-day. The • statistical position Is as
bearish as ever and there was no support man
ifested, hence the easier feeling and lower
prices. The close here was easy at $25 45@25 63
for spot tin.' Tin In- London declined 5s, with
ppot quoted at £115 15s and . futures at £112.
The copper market was dull and featureless at
$16 50@17 for Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 62%
for casting and electrolytic. An advance of
5s was scored for that metal lh London, where
spot closed at £66 lla 3d@£67.. Lead was dull
but steady at $4 37% here, ' while values took
a jump of Is 3d to £11 17s 6d in London.
Spelter ruled quiet at $4. Prices were un
changed in London at £17. Iron markets were
inactive and nominally unchanged. . Pig iron
warrants $9@10; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15®
15 50; No. 2 foundry. Southern,* $14(§>14 50; No 1
foundry. Southern. $14 7a@15 25;, do, soft, $14*75
@15 23. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 6d and
Middlesboro at 44s 9d. •' ¦
New York Metal Market.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to: the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Bye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ,$6 85@S35; in
sacks, $6 5{Xg8; Pearl Barley. ?5; Split Peas, $5;
Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
¦ FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75®3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3. • . . .;
Flour and Millstuffs.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Flag , 09
1 Hanford ug 00
1500 Junction 21
1000 Junction 23
900 Junction •>¦}
100 Junction . ?3
1C00O11 City Petroleum „*; »s
700 Peerless, b 90 5 05
600 ¦ Peerless, cash 5 00
6600 Petroleum Center 02
100 Petroleum Center, a 90 01
200 Reed Crude 35
1000 Sterling \ 40
• 50 West Shore 3 iq
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Bay City 35
200 California-Standard .<. 23
500 Giant 30
2 Hanford 113 00
300 Home, b 30 3 SO
500 Independence ¦ »i
950 Junction 21
100 Monarch of Arizona ±,
700 Oil City Petroleum 28
1000 Petroleum Center C2
1000 Petroleum Center 03
600 Reed Crude 35
300 Twenty-eight 155
The. private circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
rays: ".The Wet-Salted Hide market is strong
and steady. There is a good demand for all
Hides. This applies particularly to the heavier
grades, and not only to the sound, but the culls
as well. All information Indicates that the
present prices will be maintained during the
month. The Dry-Hide market is weaker, but
the high prices asked for salted Hides will un
doubtedly prevent any decline. Buckskins are
in short supply and are wanted at quotations.
Horse Hides market is stronger, and only lim
ited quantities are being received."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
•Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, -16@16i4c: Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, ihc: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; .short
Wool, S0@o0c each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool. 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50<f*
2 75 for large and $2@2 23 . for medium. $1 50@
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse' Hide*,
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25<@1 50 for medium. $1 25
for small and 5Cc for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins.
30c: winter or thin skins,' 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras. 75c:' large and smooth. 60c;
medium. 35c. . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%#4c; grease, 2U@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c ; Oregon Valley fine,
14@15c: do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c: Ore
gon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good.
9@llc: Nevada, 10@12c. Fall— San Joaquln. 6%
@S%c: San Joaquin Lambs'. 7H@9c.
HOPS— New, 12315c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Shipments of wool for the week ending Sep
tember 2 were -5,108,752 pounds. This shows a
decrease of 1,488,886 pounds over the shipments
of 6,597,639 pounds for the previous week. Since
January "1 the total shipments amount to 172,-
S20, 419 pounds.'
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
3,965,000 pounds domestic and 675,000. pounds for
eign, making a total of 4,640,000 pounds, against
a total of 4,350,000 for the previous week.
The total receipts since January 1 have been
470,624 bales domestic and 102,584 bales foreign.
The receipts of wool in Boston this week
amounted . to 15,765 bales, against 24,347 bales
last week.'
It has been a broken week In the wool mar
ket, owing to the intervention of a holiday.
Nevertheless a good steady inquiry for wool has
prevailed and the tone of . the market has re
mained firm. The week's -• business has not
been characterized by the selling of many large
lines. of wool— most of the purchasing having
been done by the medium or smaller sized mills,
which have, taken fair average sized lots, most
ly at good prices. \ The consumption of wool is
unquestionably larger than It has been for some
time and the wool u trade feel that there is go
ing to be an outlet for practically all the wool
which is now on hand; that the desirable Ter
ritorial clips, as well as those of the Missisippl,
will be wanted, and that a good steady going
business may be looked for.-
BOSTON, Sept. 4.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 3%c; thr^s
half-barrels, 9Vic: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tiarces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure.
U%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c
for extra light and 16c for sugar cured; East
ern tusar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
There is nothing new to report, prices stand
ing the same, with a fair demand.
Provisions.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No • sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Weak and quiet, with ample offer
ings and lower quotations for I most descrip
tions. Grays, $1 15@1 22%; whites, $1 15@1 30;
black. 97Vic@$l 05, and red, $1 05@l 17% per
ctl. ...
CORN— The markets are very quiet and un
changed, both here and In the East. Small
round Yellow. ' $1 75; Eastern Yellow, $165;
White, $1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65. ,
RYE— The market 13 steady at 75@80c per
ctl. ¦ ¦¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1 00%.
BARLEY — The market continues very dull
locally, and prices run along day after day
without much variation.
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77M;@85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctL
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl. ,
This market .was stagnant and unchanged
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures higher. Supplies en. "route to Eu
rope are larger than the demand., The world's
supply shows an increase east" of the Rockies
of 1,920,000 bushels, and In Europe . and afloat
a decrease of 1,300,000, leaving a net increase of
of 620,000 bushels. -- - -- • - .
The American markets are very dull. Chi
cago was inactive and easy, with the North
west selling freely at the opening. Later on
the pressure was taken off as the crowd got
oversold. New York exporters reported gen
eral dullness for Wheat abroad.
Wheat and Other Grains.
ST. JOSEPH. . Mo.. Sept. 4.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 6000; market 5@10c higher on good corn
beeves, others steady; natives, $3@6 10;. cows
and. heifers, $1@4 85; bulls. and stags, $2@4 50;
stockers and feeders $2@4 r > veals, $2 25@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500; market 5@10c higher;
light and light mixed, $6 10® 6 40; medium and
heavy, $6 25<g6 60; piss, $3<25@6; bulk of sales,
$6 25@6 50. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 950; steady to 10c lower;
lambs, steady to shade higher.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. Sept. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
000, including 1400 Texans and 3000 Westerns;
choice steers, strong, others steady to slow.
Including butchers' stock; fed Texans steady,
grassers slow; Westerns, strong; good to prime
steers, $5 50@6 45; poor to medium, $4@5 40;
stockers and feeders, weak, $2 25@4 25; cows,
$2 55@4 70; heifers, $2 55@5; canners, $1 60®2 50;
bulls, steady, $2 25@4 50; calves, steady, $3@
6 75; Texas fed steers, strong, $435; Texas
grass steers, slow, , $3 25@4; Western steers,
$3 75@S 25. -, .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
22,000; estimated left over, J 4000; average, 60
higher; top. $6 90; mixed and butchers', $5 95@
6 75; good to choice heavy, $6 35@6 90; rough
heavy, $5 90®« 25; light, $5 9O@6 75; bulk of
sales, $6 15@6 45. . . - ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000; about steady, lambs
15c lower; good to choice wethers, $3 70@4;
fair to r choice "' mixed, $3 30®3 75; Western
sheep, $3 2S@4; native .lambs; $3®5; Western
lambs, $4@4 85. - .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47' 9 47%
The .Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
of $227,228, consisting of $132,567 In Mexican
dollars, $1861 in gold coin and $92,800 in sil
ver bullion. ' , '
Sterling Exchange is lower.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85 .
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables : — 4 87.
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Exchange and Bidlion.
The situation remains unchanged here, but
in the Eastern markets there is a 'great deal of
hesitancy and confusion In Prunes and Raisins,
owing to the chaotic condition of the two coast
associations, buyers not caring to purchase
freely until we get things straightened out
here. An account of the situation in New Tork
appears In the first column.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8@10c for Royals and 8©
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun dried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 65? 9c; Plums, pitted. 4
@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 6@6%c for
red and 6@6%c for white; Figs. 3%c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3%@3%o
for the four , sizes.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12®12%c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c -for papershell. 10@
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; .Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern;. Brazil Nuts, 12.®12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 60@5. -'->-. ¦¦
HONEY— Comi), 12@12%c for bright and 10@
12c for light amber; water'white extracted, 5%
©6c; light amber extracted, 4%©5c; dark, 49
4%cJ
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Sept. ! 4. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications . to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies'from- the .last account: • -
. Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, -1,920,000 bushels.
Afloat for and ln\ Europe, decrease 1,300,000
bushels.
Total supply, increase 620,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 766,000 bushels.
Oats— United . States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 1,030,000 bushels. . : ,„
Visible Grain Supply.
. LIVERPOOL. ;
Wheat— . . Sept. Dee.
Opening ..:..' .......'.......... -6 6U ' ¦ 68
Closing .... 5 6% 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— , ¦ - ¦ • .' Eept< Jan.-Apr.
Opening ...2125 22 75
Closing 2165 22 95
¦ Flour— . . • '
Opening 27 25 28 90
ClOBing 27 60 29 10
Mornlns: Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 131 00
$8000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 00
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 12 50
20 Makaweli 25 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 35 50
280 Oceanic S, S Co 35 00
100 Oceanic S S Co. s 90 35 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 35 25
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 25
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s 136 50
70 S F Gas and Electric Co 38 50
150 Vigorit Powder 4 00
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 13100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 75 50
6 Hutchlnson S P Co 15 75
10 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 12 50
$1000 Oakland Water 5s. b 6 102 50
35 Oceanic S S Co 35 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
235 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
80 S "F Gas and Electric Co 39 00
$1000 S P of Arizona (1900) 112 50
10 S V Water 87 00
$1000 S V 6s, cash 11150
Alaska Pack—131%132%1 Oceanic S Co.. 35% 35%
Cal Fruit Can. 94 86 - Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 97 I Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Ex ........110 .. — JPar Paint .... 1« —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hana I - 6% Kllauea 12H 12%
Hawaiian — 60 Makawell 25 27
Honokaa — 14 Onomea 23% 23
Hutchlnson ... 15% 15% Paauhau 13 —
SUGAR.
Giant 75% 76 IVigortt J;i 4%
California, 130 — iO 8 L & H.... 4ft —
Geary — 60 Presidio — 40
Market 76% 77 I
STREET RAILROADS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
S Bid. Ask. 1 - Bld.Ask.
4a quar coup.. 113 113% Ua qr e (new). 137 I3S
4a quar reg.... 113 112% iSa quar coup.. 108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 6s. 105% — Oceanic S3 3s. 101 —
Cal-st 6s 117 — Omnibus C 6s.l31 —
C C Water 6s. .107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s...l28%133# Pk ft Cl H 6s. 108 112tf
Fer ft Cl R 6s. — — PkftOR «a.ll7 —
Geary-st 6s — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.lOS*i — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 6s — — S F & SJV 6S.122 121
Los Angr R 58.117 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 63.10U4 — S P of X 69
Do jntd 6S...10O — (1909) 112%; —
Do gntd 5S...102 — (1910) 113^i —
L A & Pac 58.102% — S P of C 6a
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905), Ser A. 109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 129 (1906), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 C m 5s. — 122}4 (1906) 112% -
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1MJ) 121%121%
N R of Cal 63.112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 6s 121 — c gntd 6s 10T —
Nor Pac C 63.10114 — S P Br Cal 6a. — —
Do 6a — 106% S V Water 6s.lll%llli4
Nor Cal R 5s.. Ill — Do 4s 103 103%
Oak Gaa 5s. ...113 — Do 4a 3d m..l01 —
Do Trans 63. 120 — Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 6s.lO2% —
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% — I Port Costa.... CO 65
Marin County. 53 60 I Spring .Valley. — 87*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 6 Pac Light — 47
Equitable 3% 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 6 — S F G & E-... 38% 33
Oakland 61% — San Francisco. 4% 4ft
Pac Gaa Imp.. 34 — Stktn G & E.. t —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fund. — 247 |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 81 L P ft A 157H —
California 403 408 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l08 — 8 F National.. 127^123
First Natlonal.306 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1392% — Sav ft Loan.'.. — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 62 — Union Trust.. 1500 —
San Francisco. 620 —
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 4— S p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 60c®$3; Lemons.
$101 25 for common and $2 50@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1®2 50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50; Bananas, 73c@$l 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. I.
50@90c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton; other
Pears, 25@50c per box.
QUINCES— 60@60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@3 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, $5©6.
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest.
- HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8o per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50c@$l for double layer boxes;
White, 25@75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 40@75c per box; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $5@20
per 100.
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. S3
@60o per box and crate; Tokay, 40@75c per box:
Muscat, 40@75c; Seedless, 75c@$l; Black, 30®
60c; Isabella. 60c@$l 25; Wine Grapes, $25 per
ton for Zlnfandel.
PEACHES— 25@60c per box and $15®25 per ton
for frees and $30@40 for Clings; Peaches in car
riers. 50@S5c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 50@75c per box.
NECTARINES— White. per box; Bed.
35@75c.
PLUMS— 10@50c per box; Prunes. 30@60c per
crate; Washington Gages, $20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $15@20 per ton.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and S5@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60@75c per box. according to
package. • ¦ • .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs, the latter espe
cially, are firm, as will b« seen by the. ad
vanced prices. Watermelons are, selling very
well. Grapea. continue sluggish. ¦
Tree fruits remain about as before, fine fruit
selling well enough, but everything else drag
ging.
Limes have again declined under large offer
ings. Lemons are also off somewhat, ana
Oranges are depressed.
Grape fruit is doing better.
Pomegranates are on the market at $1 M per
box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change thus far this year are aa follows, com
pared with the same period In 1900: Of bonds.
$4,649,420, against $3,327,370; of stocks, 293,150
shares, against 299,661.
West Lake Oil Company has levied an as
sessment of 2c, delinquent September SO, and
Petroleum Center one of 6c. delinquent Octo
ber 4. •
There waa nothing new In tho afternoon.
The Contra Costa Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42o per share, payable on
the 15th.
Business wu light In all the exchanges yes
terday morning. Gas and Electric waa slight
ly lower at J33 60.
STOCK MARKET.
Butter is lower, as offerings are too heavy.
In addition to the recent large receipts of me
dium and lower grade goods large lines are
being taken out of cold storage, and as the de
mand is not very sharp the market Is giving
way under the pressure.
Cheese remains steady. Eggs are /alrlywn,
but the demand is not sharp at the present
prices. Stocks are moderate. iLlZ. Aim
Receipts were 20.300 pounds of Butter. 463
cases of Eggs, 400 cases of Eastern Eggs, biuu
pounds of California Cheese and pounds or
Eastern Cheese. .^ * * „_
BUTTER-Creamery. 25@26c per lb for lancy
and 24c for seconds; dairy. 18@23c: store But
ter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. 18©zoc.
Pickled Roll, 17@19c; Keg. 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, lie; old, nominal; Younj
America,, ll%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c. *
EGGS— Ranch. 25@28%c for good to fancy,
store. 17%@23c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUMMARY OF THE' MARKETS.
Car- from Florin: Peaches— Crawford, aver
age 80c box; Freestone, average 73c box. Plums
— Kelsey Japan, average $3 box. Nectarines,
average 75c single crate. Pears— Bartlett,
average j $3 05 box. Grapes— Tokay. $1 80@2 35,
average $2 07 single crate; Clusters, $11204.
average $3 92 single crate; Muscat, $1 1002 25,
average $1 55 single crate; Morocco, $1 80@
2 50, average, ?2 13 single crate; assorted, $1 15@
2 55. average $1 74 single crate. Gross sales,
$1975. ¦ '
Car from Coif ax: Peaches— Crawford. 65@90c,
average 83c box. Plums — Kelsey Japan, 70c@
$1 30, average 78c single crate; half boxes, aver
age 60c; Columbia, $1 15@1 30, average $1 20
single crate; Victoria, average $150 single
crate. Prunes— Hungarian, $1 75@2 40. average
$1 95 single crate. Pears— Bartlett, $2@2 85,
average ?2 38 box. Gross sales, $1205. . - .
Car from Vacavllle: Peaches— Plcquefs Late,
average 60c .. box. Pears— Bartlett, $2 70@3 35,
average $2 80 box; half boxes, average $1 75.
Grapes— Tokay. $13502, average $166 single
crate. Gross sales. $1375. .
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 4.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day are as follows: Grapes— Malaga, sin
gle crates, $1 25@1 55, average $1 S3; Clusters,
single crates, $1 95@2 05, average $2 01; Muscat,
single crates, $1 30@l 35, average $1 32. Favor
able weather. One car sold to-day. - • ¦ . .
MONTREAL, Sept. 4.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—Bart
lett, boxes, $1 40@2 90, average $2 33. .Prunes—
Hungarian, single crates, $1 75®1 90, average
$179. Weather favorable. . One car sold to-
BOSTON, Sept. 4.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the following prices: Pears— Bartlett,
boxes, $2@2 65. average $2 45. Grapes— Malaga,
single crates. $1 6<xg>l 60, average $1 66. Favor
able weather. Six cars sold to-day.
Car from Newcastle: Peache*- Orange Cllny,
50@90c, . average 78c box; George's Late, 45@55c,
average 48c box; Nixon Free, 45@55c, average
62c box; Ames' Late, average 65c box; Sal way,
50@80c, average 70c box; Yellow Free, average
75c box; Ward Cling, 50@60c, average 56c box;
Freestone, average 65c box. Pears— Bartlett,
$1 05@l 60, average $1 18 box; $1 10@l 15, average
$1 13 half box. Grapes— Tokay, $1 3o@l 60, aver
age $1 54 single crate; Muscat, 70c@$l 15, aver
age " 91c single crate. Prunes — Gros, 75@80c
single crate; French, 75@95c, average 86c single
crate;- Fellenbergr, average, 60c single crate.
Gross sales, $750. Nine cara of fruit sold to
day, t '
NEW YORK. Sept. 4.— Porter Bros. Company
sales. of California fruit: .
$1 45@1 50. ¦ average $147 single crates; Clusters
$1 65@1 90, average $1 75 single crates. * Gross
sale. $1575. , ¦ - • .. :¦ ¦
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 4.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 65c; valley, 66c; blue stem. 56c.
TACOMA, Sept. 4.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; blue stem, 66c; club, 65c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept. 4.— Clearings, $452,065;
balances, $50,452. J
Portland's 'Business.
LONDON, ' Sept. 4.— Consols, 93%. Sliver, 27d.
French rentes, lOlf 90c@101f 95c. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 29s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,.
28s; English country markets, quiet. •
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 4.— WHEAT- Steady: No.
1 Standard California, 5s ll%d@6s; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine. ¦ •
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d. Z
Foreign Markets.
: Articles— ; . Open. High. Low. Close.
¦Wheat No. 2— • . _ • :
September 68%' 69 68%*'" 69
December. 7114 71% 70% 71H
May 74% 75 74%' .75
Corn No. 2— . . - ,
September 54% .'b4%- 63% 64%
December. .56% 56% 55% 66%
M ?-y .' 58% . 58% 58% 58%
Oats No. 2— • . ,- ¦ •¦ -
September ......... 33% 33% ' 32% 32%
December;.... 35 .35 34% . 34%
May ...... ......... .37% 37i4 36% 37%
j Mess Pork,. per bbl— -
September .........14 30 1 14 35' 14 30 14 35
October 14 45 14 60 14 45 14 47%
January 15 57% 15 57% 15 50 15 55
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 9 02% 9 10 9 02% 9 10'
October 9 05 '9 10 9 02% '9 07%
January ....;.. 8 87% 8 92% . 8 85 8 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — ' ' • •
September ......... 8 37% 8 37% . 8 37% 8 37%
October .......845 8 47% 8 42% 8 45
January ,......."..... '8 00 "8 00 "7 95 8 00
Shipment of $227,228 to Chinar .. j
Sterling Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
WJieat and Barley very quiet locally.
Oats weakening under liberal receipts. Corn nominal.
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes weak and Sweets lower. Onions slightly off. j
Vegetable market crowded with stock.
Butter , lower and weak. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Fresh Fruit about the same. Limes lower.
Prunes and. Raisins unsettled in New York.
Provisions about as before quoted.
Hogs in larger receipt in all markets.
Another sharp drop in Linseed Oil.
Business quiet on- the local stock exchanges.
peratures were reported from Eastern cities: '
Boston, 74-62; Cincinnati, 82-64; Jackson vllle.
90-70; Kansas City, 86-64) Philadelphia. 78-68;
Washington. 76-60; New York. 78-64.
. Cash quotations 'were as follows: Flour, un
changed; No. 3, spring wheat, 66%@68c; No. 2
red, 69%@70%c; No. 2 oats. 34@34%c; • No. 2
white,; 36%@36%c; No. 3 white, 35%@36%c; No.
2 ,rye,:64@64%c; i fair, to choice malting barley,
65@61c; No. 1 flax seed, $189; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 41; prime timothy seed, $5 85; mess pork,
per bbl, $14 45@14 50;. lard,- per 100 lbs, $9 07%@
9 10; short-rib sides, (loose), $8 30@8 45; dry
ealted- shoulders (boxed), 7V4@7%c; short clear
sides -(boxed),' $8 90@9; whisky, basls^ of high
.wines, $1 80; clover, contract grade, $9 25. .
Internal c R^Dtnue Collections.
Collection* of Internal revenue In this dis
trict for Aug-jst were as follows: Beer. $109,-
K3; Spirits, $54,272; Cigars, $14,717; Tobacco.
14291; Documentary Stamps, $22,407; Proprie
tary Stamps, $4356; lists, $9636; special, $13,476;
miscellaneous, 13602, making a total of $26,410,
against {£3,933 in August, 1900.
Astoria .80.24 62 60 NW Clear T.
Baker 29.98 66 42 NW Clear .00
Carson 29.90 78 44 W • Clear ' .00
Eureka 30.00 58 62 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.78 94 68 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 74 44 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29. 86 74 64 W Clear .04
Independence 29.74 84 62 SB . Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.88 76 60 W Clear. .00
Phoenix 29.74 96 70 N Clear .00
Portland 30.14 6S 46 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.78 96 66 SE Clear .00
Roeeburg 30.10 74 64 NE Clear .00
Sacramento 29.78 94 60 NW Clear . .00
Salt Lake ....29.92 76 62 NW. Clear .CO
San Francisco 29.88 68 62 W Clear .00
San Luis Obispo.. .29.92 78 46 S Clear - .00
San Diego 29.90 68 62 W Clear. .CO
Seattle ....30.16 66 46 W Clear .00
Spokane 29.94 72 48 W Pt Cldy T.
NeahBay 30.16 62 50 W Clear .00
Walla Walla 29.98 74 68 SW Clear .OC
Winnemucca 29.90 78 3S NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.70 100 61 8 Clear .00
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say
In view of the generally chaotic condition of
aiairs in tfae two big dried fruit associations
an the coast the local trade is disposed to take
very little interest in future California prod
ucts of any description. Matters, instead of
crowing better, have been steadily getting
worse, until now the trouble between the
packers and the Cured Fruit Association has
reached the point of open rupture, while the
president of the Raisin Association is making
threats of a possible 2c price on new three
crown raisins in order to whip reluctant grow
ers into signing new association contracts.
Until the atmosphere clears perceptibly and it
U more or less definitely settled whether the
two associations will be able to control their
respective crops, local buyers axe not likely to
take held to any extent of «ither prunes or
r&is:xis. Other fruits are neglected also. New
crop yeaches are easier and apricots are very
t\o\v, commission houses reporting less de
rcand for 'cots than has been known in years
at th's season.
Raisins continue firm here and are in very
fair demand. Sales of small lots of seedless
muscatel are reported at 6\c. Car lots offer
tt W&B. Loose are scarce. Some further sales
of two-crown are reported at 5c, f. o. b. coast.
Bids of 4%c for new two-crown, 6c for three
rrown &nd o%c for four-crown were eent to
(he coast for a number of cars, but' had not
oeen confirmed at the time this was written.
Buyers, however, are looking for low prices,
particularly as it is said raisin growers are
aot signing association contracts. New Valen
rta raisins continue to Bill freely to arrive at
tc. Currants are steady on spot and selling
in a small way. New currants are reported
telling well at ISs 6d for first shipment per the
Uinnin and 17s Gd for shipment latter half of
September.
evaporated apples hold their own fairly well,
fales of two cars of prime were reported at
Wic. There were rumored sales of new prime
tt »%c. roods being freely offered at 10c
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Light sprinkles of rain are reported from
Northeastern Washington and fotT along the
Central California coast; elsewhere on the
Pacific. slope the weather is clear. A thunder
storm occurred at Kallspell.
The pressure has risen slightly along the
coast and over the western portions of Ore
gon and Washington, and fallen over the in
terior. An area of high pressure ie central off
the Washington coast and a trough of low
overlies the interior valleys of California-
The temperature changes have been- slight in
all districts. In the Interior of California It
is from 2 to 12 degrees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 6:
Northern California— Fair Thursday except
foggy along the coast to-night and Thursday
evening; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; light northwest
wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or foggy
to-night and Thursday evening, fair . during
the day; fresh west wind. '
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official, .
Temporarily in Charge.
Wabash pfd 1300 41% 41% \\v.
Wheeling & La ke Erie. 200 19 19? . Sg
W & Lake Erie 2d pfd.. 200 31 31 SO
Wisconsin Central 3,600 24 23 23%
AVisconsin Central pfd.. 800 45% 44% 45
Express companies— ¦
'Adams ion
American "" 193
68 .::::::::::: 'i™M&. *&ti^
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 17,500 119 • 117% " 118%
Am Car & Foundry..... 1,400 31 30% 30%,
Am Car & Foundry pfd 300 87 86% 87
Am Linseed Oil 700 26% 26% 25"'
Am Linseed Oil" pfd 6,100 62% 60 62
Am Smelting & Refln..' 3,800 51% 50% 61%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd.. 100 100% 100% 100%
American Tobacco .... 138
Anaconda Mining Co... 1,400 47 46 46%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 2,100 75 74 74%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 12,000 104% 100 102
Consolidated Gas 600 225 224 224%
Continental Tobacco .... 68
Continental Tobacco pfd .: .... 117%"
General Electric .... 264
Glucose Sugar 400 68 67 58/
Hocking Coal 100 19% 19% 19 -
International Paper .... 900 25 23% : 24
International Pap pfd. 800 80 79%' 79^
International Power.... LOOO 97% - 96% N 97%
Laclede Gas ( 85
National Biscuit 100 44 .'; 44 44
National Lead 100 21 21 20 -
National Salt ;. .... 42%
National Salt pfd .... .... 76 .
North American ....... 200 102 101 102
Paciflo Coast 100 68% . 68% . 67 "
Padflo Mail '. 200-42 41% 42
People's Gas L700 112% 111 - 112 •
Pressed Steel Car 300 42% 42% i 42 -
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 300 82ft 82^/82
Pullman Palace Car .... ..... 208
Republic Steel 7,600 19% 18% 18%
Republic Ste«l pfd 2,100 73 72% 73
Sugar 4.600 134% 133% 134%
Tennessee Coal & Iron: 12,500 68% 65% 67%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 200 17 16% '" 16%
Union Bag & P Co pfd. .... 73
United States Leather.. 1,200 13% 13% \ 13%
United States Leath pfd 2,000 S3 81% 83
United States Rubber.. 100 19% 19% 19%
United States Rub pfd ' 58 -
United States Steel 4,300 46% 44% 45%
United States Steel pfd. 9, SOO 95% 94% 95
Western Union 400 93% 93. 93%'
, v ' 482,900 Snares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding NY Cent lsts.....lO5%
re» 107% N J Cent gen 6s. ..130
do coup 107% North Pac 8s . 72
do 3s reg 108% do 4s 104%
do coup 10S% N Y C & St L 4s. .107%
do new 4s reg... 137 Korf & W con 4s. 102%
do coup v. 137 Or Nav lets... 107
do old 4s reg 112 '. do 4s 103 ¦
ao coup 113 Or S Line 6s 128%
.do 6s- reg .... 107% do con 6s - 117%
do coup 107% Reading gen 4s ... 95%
Dist of Col 3.65s... 124% R G W lsts... 100%
Atchison gen 4s... 103% St L & I M con 53.115
do adj 4s 97% St L & S F gen 63.128
Can South 2ds 107% St Paul cons 184
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO5% St P C & Pac lsts.115
do 6s 120% do 6s 116%
C & N W con 7S.137 South Pac 4s 92
do S F deb 5s. ..123% South Ry 5s 116%
Chi Term 4s 95% S Rope & T 6s 62%
Colorado South 4s. 88 Tex & Pac lsts... 118%
D & R G 4s 102% do 2ds 96
Erie gen 4s .: 89U Union Pac 4s 105%
Ft W & D C lsts.105 Wabash lsts 119
Gen Elec 5s.. 200 do 2ds 110%
Iowa Cent lsts 116 West Shore 4s ....113%
L & Nash uni 4s. .101% Wls Cent 4s 89%
M K & T 2ds 83 Va Centuries 94%
do 4s i 98%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 40 IJphir 70
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix 08
pomstock Tunnel... 06 Potosl 03
Con Cal & Va 155 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra 50 pierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 75 ; ; mall Hopes 30
Iron Silver 69 Standard S 23
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 32
Call loans 3@4% West End 96
l'lme loans 4@5 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
A..T & S F 78% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 57%
A T & S F pfd.... 97% Mining Shares—
American Sugar. ...134V> Adventure 32
Am Telephone 188% Blngham Mm Co.. 41%
Boston & Albany.. 257 Amalg Copper 118%
Boston Elevated... 175 Atlantic 43
Boston & Maine.. .191 Calumet & Hecla..725
Dominion Coal 41% Centennial ..: 30%
Dom Coal pfd 115 Franklin 21%
V S Steel.... 45% Humboldt 45
U S Steel pfd 95 psceola ;..119>4
Fitchburg pfd 145 parrot. .' 52
EtI Elec 111...: 250 Qulncy ¦: 178
Mexican Central... 26% Santa Fe Copper... 7
N E Gas & Coke.. 7 Tamarack 358
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining .......29%
Old Dominion 33% KVinona 4
Rubber 18% /Wolverines 70%
Union Pacific 100% I
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day shadowed Franco-
Turkish politics at New York's overnight sell
ing. Consols touched 93 3-16c on the report of
the year's gold exports. American stocks were
idle, but firm, until afternoon, when New
York selling caused a general relapse. Mis
souri Pacific was exceptionally steady on some
unexplained tip. There was a sudden all
round rally in the street of about a full point.
This was taken to mean that the New York
money market was easing. The close was ac
tive and strong, t
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 4.— Anaconda, 9%: Atchison.
80%; do preferred. 100%; Canadian Pacific, 115%;
Southern Pacific, 60%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 91; Union Pacific, 103%; Union Pacific
preferred, 91. Bar silver, quiet, 27d per ounce.
Money, 1@1% per cent.
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says:
"There has been an abnormal condition of
die lumber trade all through the month owing
to the i-revalerce of the local strike. The par
tlysis of the commercial and industrial circles
if the State through the labor disturbances
sas reacted, as troubles always do. upon the
A^iuber manufacturing and selling interests,
ind the result has been that trade, which
promised to be so good some weeks ago, is far
»elow the average of the month of August in
past years.
"At a. period about three weeks after the
•tevedcres along the water front went out in
tysipathy with the striking teamsters, there
*ere in the neighborhood of thirty million
leet of manufactured lumber from the coast
redwood mill3 and those pine plants of th-s
Pacific Northwest which ship into this mar
cet. This represented thousands of dollars for
:he lumber manufacturers, retailers and job
sers, and the stringency in the lumber ranks
aas been 6tronsly felt. However, this unfa
rorable situation is beln~ eliminated, and the
•rospects point toward a resumption of busi
sess throughout the lumber zone.
"This has been brought about through the
jlevcr scheming of certain lumbe- merchants,
rho have devised the plan of anchoring one
>f the unused steamers lying idle in Oakland
Creek and using it. for what is practically a
jon-union cookhouse. Here the group of work
trs along the front who ere utilized in unload
r.p lumber vessels are housed and fed and so
receive the protection that they crave. This
excellent and wise policy has secured for the
jimbermen the best of assistance and the work
if relieving the lumber congestion in the local
Kcrket is well nigh at an end.
"Prices have not been altered and there is
«o prospect of any such immediate action ow
zig to the Industrial conditions now In force
throughout the State. No one is in a position
:o stand any such advance in quotations and
3n« old price lists will remain In vegue. Lum
frer is roming into this port in large quanti
ses, and with the lack of help removed there
n'lll be tvery reason to believe that the lumber
aianufacturers will eee the most palmy of
lays."
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— Money on call firm at
3ST4 per cent; last loan, 3; ruling rate, 3%.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, weaX with actual, business in
bankers' bills at $4 85% and $4 83% for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 84% @4 85 and $4 88. Com
mercial bills, W 83@4 83%. ' Bar silver, 68%c.
Mexican dollars, 45%c. Government ; bonds,
steady; railroad bonds, firm; State bonds, in
active.
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 4.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the 1150,000,000 gold In the division
of redemption, shows: Available cash balance
$179,652,312; gold, 1109,331,632. .'
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, Sept. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,097 barrels; exports, 12,624 . barrels; sales,
9600 packages. The market had a strong un
dertone and a fair trade. ...
WHEAT— Receipts, 78,050- bushels; exports,
24,713 bushels; sales,- 2,745,000 bushels futures,
200,000 bushels spot: spot, steady; No. 2 red,
76%c f. o. -b. afloat; No. 2red, 74%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth,- 77%c' f. o. b.' afloat ',
No. 1 hard Duluth, £3%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened steady, but sold off under West
ern offerings,, large Northwest receipts and
local liquidation. Later they rallied on higher
Paris markets, covering and export ¦ demand,'
closing 'partly %c net higher; No. 2 red May,
79%@7&%c,~ closed at 79%c; September, -74%@
75 3-16e. closed at 74%c; October closed at 75c";
December. 76 9-16@76%c, closed at 76%c. :
.HOPS— Steady. ¦
HIDES— Steady. , ¦ '
WOOL—Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and ' barely steady; fair
refining, 3Uc; centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-16c;
molasses sugar,- 3c Refined, steady. ' ' :".' ' '
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 8@U%c. "Futures
closed quiet at net unchanged prices- total
sales, 18,250 bags, including September. $4 65®
4 70; December, $5; March, '$5 25; May, $5 40;
June. J5 45. ..,,.,..>..
BUTTER— Receipts, 8120 packages: steady;
State dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16@20c- June
packed factory. 14%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 12,200 packages: steady
Western candled. 17@il8c: do uncandled, 14<g>17c.
' 'DRIED FRUITS.
A fair . out of town demand was ! noted for
choice and fancy grades of evaporated apples
with the general market quite firm in tone at
fully sustained prices. State,- common to good
5@8c; prime. 8%@8%c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%c
California dried fruits were Inactive. Prunes'
2%<a/7c. Apricots-Royal. 8%@13c; - Moorpark'
8®12c. . Peaches— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled
6@9V4C. ;. ¦ " . : . ... . . .' . . . '
Cotton and Corn.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
"The outlook for the stock market is some
chat perplexing. It is certalaly not bo favor
ible as a year ago. We are up against a
:rop situation which, if not discouraging, is
sertalnly less encouraging than last year. We
ire assured of good wheat and hay crops. The
Vnr.er is especially important, for owing to
<he fl.crtage in Euroi>e we are sure of a good
/xi*jit demand at satisfactory prices. This
neans a high degree of prosperity for the
rheat-erowing regions, good hauls for the
railroads and a favorable effect upon our for
ilgn trade balance. This is the best that can
>e said of the crop situation. Prolonged
Irought in some sections and too much rain in
rthers fcave been anything but beneficial to
:rop? in general. The injury' to com is already
!amll'£r. Laxe corn has shown great improve*
jient during the last three weeks, and crop
tstimates are being eteadily raised, but it is
Utogeth*r too early yet to place any fixed re
lance en estimates of yield, late corn being
•specially liable to frost damage. Should corn
tscaDP irost and the weather continue favor-
Ible the remainder of the season we might
iap!ly liarvest a crop of 1400 to 1500 millions,
tut the frost possibility makes a very lm
>ortant 'if.' Fortunately the partial ltss of
lie corn crop will prove In no sense a calam
ty, but In spite of favorable offsets It will
mforce economy amontr large numbers of farm
?rs and of necessity be a check upon business
ictlvlty. Its effects will be felt among mer
thants, by the railroads and in the provision
narkc-ts during the fall and winter months
gather than now. Another important crop is
eeling ad\-erse weather conditions, and that
f cotton. Too much rain in some sections and
too little in others. Texas, which raises be
•tveon a quarter and a third of the cotton
«rop, is suffering from a severe drought, and
•rill certainly produce considerably less cotton
han last year. The less In this State (Texas)
rill be partially offset by increased yield in
ither States, but the cotton trade is fully
fconciled to a smaller crop than last year by
K»vcral hundred thousand sales. The diminu
tion of two such important crops as corn and
rotton cannot be considered an element of
>roEperity even if higher prices largely com
•ensate therefor. The country is likely to be
trosperous in epots and backward elsewhere.
1 rood deal of talk Is heard about our pros
•ect'.ve large exports to Europe. . This is likely
o be true as regards foodstuffs, which Eu
ope will be compelled to buy from us. but as
«gards our manufactured r>roductH. which
lave become uuch an important factor in our
ocport trade, it ehould be remembered that
loth England and Germany have been going
hrough a period • of depression and lower
irlcp, lessening th«>lr purchasing powers and
>!acing them In a better position for under
telling us in foreign markets. The lower level
•f the foreign markets is also likely to etlmu
at<? the shipments of merchandise to this
fountry, hence the natural tendency of our
toreign trade would be toward smaller ex
torts and larger imports, or a gradual re
ruction of the abnormal trade balance which
tan been such a feature of our prosperity dur
n« the lart three or four years. Much, how
rt-er. depends upon the foreign demand for
:rajn and cotton."
New York Stock Market.
NEVT YORK. Sept. 4.— To-day's stock mar
ket was an almost exclusively professional
affair, with evidence of a participation by the.
speculative party which is rather vaguely
characterized as "the Western contingent"' by
the tradsrs about the Stock Exchange.' This
party has been active at intervals in the stock
market ever since the corn crop prospects be
came an element in the speculation. They
continued the sale of stocks this morning, but
early became Impressed with the ' notable
paucity of the offerings which were brought
out under the pressure they put on the market
and reversed their position to the buying side.
The free offerings of corn to-day may .have
had an influence on these covering operations.
The day's movement of prices seemed largely
due. however, to maneuvers by contending pro
fessional operators, following yesterday's sharp
break, which in Itself was apparently a test
ing operation by the capitalists who have sup
ported the market for some time past. They
seemed satisfied with their demonstration of
the email amount of stock impending over the
market for dlslodgment and their brokers were
large buyers again to-day, especially of United
States Steel stocks, in which they were Joined
by "the Western contingent." These stocks
did not move upward until there had been
sharp advances In Colorado Fuel and Ten
nessee Coal, based upon the assumption that
their business was largely Increased as a re
sult of the enforced idleness of United States
Steel Corporation works. Chicago Great West
ern continued strong on rumors of buying for
control in the interest of the Western railroad
community of interest and the recent large
accumulation of Mexican National was un
abated to-day. The strong tone permeated the
whole market as the day progressed and the
final hour showed many of the market leaders
among the grangers. Pacifies, Southwesterns,
coalers and specialties from 1 to 2 points over
last night's close. Conditions In the money
and exchange ffi**k?ts were practically un
changed.
The railroad bond market was dull and nar
row. Total sales, par value, 1,480,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. .
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 22,200 79*4 77% 79
Atchlson pfd 3.600 98 97 97%
Baltimore & Ohio 3,200 104% 103U' 104%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 500 94% 9414 94
Canadian Pacific 6,300 114% 112% 114
Canada Southern 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,200 47% 47 47
Chicago & Alton: 1,000 40% 39% 40%
Chicago & Alton pfd 100 79 79 78%
Chicago, Ind & Louis.. 600 40 39% 3S>A
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd 72%
Chgo & Eastern 111 100 129 129 128
Chgo & Great Western. 19,600 24% 23% 24%
Chgo & G W A pfd .... ..... g.-,2
Ctgo & G W B pfd 1,100 GO 4S% 49%
Chgo & Northwestern 195
Chgo. R I & Pacific... LOOO 146% 14J 143%
Chgo Term & Trans.... 1,300 22% 22 22%
Chgo Term & T pfd.... 300 42% 42 42V4
C C C & St Louis 1.100 90% 89% 90
Colorado Southern 1,900 15% 15 15%
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 500 56% 66^4 [ 56%
Colo Southern 2d pfd... L100 26% 26% 26%
Delaware & Hudson 700 169 166% 168%
Del. ' I jack & Western 222
Denver & Rio Grande... 3,200 .60% 49 49%
Denver & R G pfd L900 96% 94% 96%
Erie 41,200 44% 42% 43%
Erie 1st pfd ;. 6,100 i 72% 71 71%
Erie 2d pfd 2,200 68 66% 68
Great Northern pfd 800 185 ' 184% 185%
Hocking Valley 100 63% 63% -52%
Hocking Valley pfd..... 200' 76% 76 75%
Illinois Central 400 146% 146% 146%
Iowa Central ...... .... ' .... : 38
Iowa Central pfd 7i\i
Lake Erie A Western... 400 - 65% 65 65
Lake Erie & W pfd V 127
Lou'sville & Nashville.. 6,700 106 104% 106%
Manhattan Elevated ... 2,100 119% 118 119
Metropolitan St Ry..... 1.900 • 168% 167% 168%
Mexican Central 6,000 . 26% 25 26%
Mexican-National 3,400 . 14% 13% 14%
Minn & St Louis 400 108 • 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific 7.800 107 104% 106%
Mo, Kans & Texas 2.100 30 . 29% 29%
Mo. Kans & Tex pfd.... 1.400 57% 65% 5fi%
New Jersey Central ". 162
-*w York Central 400 154% 153% 154
Norfolk & Western 17,100 67 64% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 400 : 90 ¦ 90 90
Northern Pacific pfd...-. 100 98% 98%' 9?ti
Ontario & Western 7,100 36% 35% 36W.
P C C & St Louis ' ..„.. 71
Pennsylvania 7.900 146% 145% 146%
Reading ...8.500 44% 43% 44%
Reading 1st pfd 1,000 77% • 76% ; 77U
Reading 2d pfd 2.300 66 65 65%
St Louis & San Fran... 700 47% 47»i 47*2
St Louis & 8 F 1st pfd ; . .... S2
St Louis & S F. 2d pfd. 100 . 71 71 70%
St Louis Southwestern. jj-*
St' Louis Southwstn pfd 1,200 62% ! 62 62U
St Paul ... ; 13.400 167 165% 166
St Paul pfd .... 190
Southern Pacific 17.900 69% 68% 59%
Southern Railway ......: 9.200 ¦ 33% • 83 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. '. 100 88% 88 88*4
Texas & Pacific :.... 6.300 45'^ 44% '.' 45%
Toledo. St Louis & W.. 1 ..„ - 2O 7?
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. ..... 342
Union Pacific 4L100;l01% '99% 100%
Union Pacific pfd....:.. 300 89V4 89 &¦
Wabash '. L400 23% 22% 22%
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 4—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
eport*d from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. 58; Mount Tamalpals, 79;'Independ
flce, 84; Red Bljjff. 96; Fresno. 94; Los An
gles. "6: Sacramento. 94; San Luis Obispo,
); San Diego. £S.
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t: minimum, G2; mean, 51
The following maximum and minimum tem-
There was very little' business transacted in
the corn nit. ' Trading was mostly for local
account and the market was featureless. De
cember closed a shade lower at 56%c. .*•
Oats I followed corn and wheat. December
closed H@Vic lower at 34%@34%c. - ."¦ •
Provisions opened steady on higher prices
for hogs and the feature to * the trading was
the strength : in lard. There "was a moderate
trade with packers fair buyers of near-by de
liveries. January 'pork closed a shade- higher,
lard 5@7%c higher and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: . ?
which was %@%c higher at 71%c. A ] report
of drought " In - Argentine was a steadying
factor. : : ... ¦ . : .-.-": ,
SSL^pK SSvS^GoflinSia^:^
Ducks. V@3 50 'for old and $3 60g5 for young;
Hens $3<S4 for common and $4 E0@5 50 ror
choice; yfung Roosters. $5@5 50; old Rooster,
$4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons $1 2o@
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for
SQ GA^E-Doves. per dozen. 75c; Hare. 50c®»:
Rabbits. $1@125 for Cottontail and II for
Brush.
the demand is about equal to the ¦»«*{•
Poor Hens drag, but Rood stock la selling; well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,r THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Floor, qr ska 18.S80 Straw, tons....... |
Wheat, ctls 7.985 Hops, bales Mo
Barley, ctls 15.110 Sugar, ctls, t.129
Oats, ctls 8.960 Llm«. bbls 1SJ
Beans, ska 1,015 Wool, sks 283
Broomcorn, bdls. 474 Wine, grals 17,800
Potatoes sks 7,432 Leather, rolls.... 140
Onions, sks 761 Pelts, bdla 449
Bran, sks - «40 Hides. No !M
Middlings, ska.... 40 Quicksilver, fisk* 350
Hay. tons... 200'
OREGON.
Bran, ika ~ 763J
Receipts of Produce.
Granulated. 4.JBe: Confectioner*' X. 4.Ke; m it
GranulateX 4.96c: Beet Graaulated, 4.»fc: Ma«
noUa A, 4.65c; Extra C. 4-4So: Golden C, 4.36c;
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes.
SOo more; BO-lb bags. Me more. No.ordara taken
for less than 75 barrels or it* equivalent. Dom
lnofl half-barrels, 6.45c: boxes, 5.70c per Ib.
Imports from the Islands In August wer*
64,290,600 pounds, against 53.791.J0O pounds tat
the same month last year.
Articles— ¦:'• - , ' . . Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, . barrels ............... 63,000 ' 35,000 "
Wheat, bushels 609,000 185,000
Corn,' bushles.. ........ ....... B30.000 254,000
Oats, bushels .......... i .....403,000 140,000
Rye, .bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels .....210,000 1,000
THE COAST RECORD.
On 'the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19%c; dai
ries, 13@17c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Kggs,
firm; fresh, 14%c. : .• ;¦¦ .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8A passenger on a street railway in Vien
na claimed damages, which were awarded
him.'for a v shock to-hls^nerves caused v by
the. conductor shouting out. to the passen-"
gers to jump off the, car, as he feared a
colllaiop.' "*: "\ ;
Fire in a Lumber "Yard.
A fire occurred in tlife- lumber yard of
Blyth & Trott, at " the northeast corner
of Mission and Spear streets, shortly after
7 o'clock last evening. The prompt action
of the department prevented . the , spread
of the blaze to other portions of the yard.
The origin of the blaze ia unknown.
Mrs. Concepcion A. Billa.
SANTA t CRUZ," Sept. 4.— Mrs. iConcep
cion A. Billa. who was born here seventy
eight years ago, died to-day. - - ¦ - -
'¦ B. ,C. Mooney, -an ; inmate of, the City
and County Hospital/ yesterday attacked
William Tobin.- one of the stewards, with
a breadknlfe. ? He was disarmed- after a
struggle and turned .over to a policeman.
As Tobin;believes,that Mooney is mental
ly deranged he, caused a charge of insan
ity to be placed against him. . ..
Thinks He Is Insane.
Some: 1 time '¦_ during .the % early ; hours :. of
yesterday; morning . the \ cajidy- store of , M.
Bergman j at 116 Eleventh street was . en
tered'by burglars through a reari-win
dow.- The ' thieves Were after sweets, as
nothing jwas taken "but 'candy, although
there -were several hundred dollars', worth
of molds and other, property within sight.
The theft was ; reported - at the Souther !i
police station and Officer Sullivan was de
tailed , on • the • case.% . From the manner ' in
which the entry: was made it is thought
that ' the thieves ;. were well acquainted
witlmhe? store. •; - :. ¦; : -¦
Sweet-Toothed Thieves Mako a Haul.
FRANKLIN FALLS, N. H. , Sept. 4.
Former Congressman Frank H. Chapman
died here to-day, aged 53 years. ¦ • :,
Frank H. Chapman.
ST. JOHNSBIJRY, Vt., - Sept. 4.— Dr.
Gates B. Bullard, a medical authority. of
high, standing, died at his home here to
day, aged 72 years.
Gates B. Bullard.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Hugh Hardie Ogg,
23,% and . Eyelyn Le'noir, 21, | both ! of Oak
land; Victorine .-: Martin. 28, and « Maria
P*ixuto, 18, -both of Newark; William
Richard "WaHlng," 29, and Effle Bond, both
of Oakland; Esther Flora, 23, and Sylves
ter^ Percy Atkins, 24, both of Oakland;
Richard Alphonso Kennedy, 42,. San Fran
cisco, and Mrs. Margaret Bolger, 42, Bos
ton; Peter Rosenfeld, 34, St.. Helena, and
Hattie May. Noble. 25, Madera; Philip
Arjo,-33,- San Francisco, and- Elizabeth
Grondona, 21, Oakland; William Henry
Sullivan, 27, San -Francisco, and' Lotta
Louise Anthony, 24,. Oakland; Lewis. J.
Morton,' 40. Napa, and Catherine- Eliza-'
beth Skinner, 28, Berkeley; George Low
ers,' 21, . San • Francisco, and . Llllie = Raven,"
19, Colma; Eugene Allen, 26, and Emma
•Driscoll, 21, both of San Francisco;-Wil
liam Elgin. Broadwater, 38. Fort. Bragg,
and Sophie Maud Madge, 26, Oakland.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
Unless a girl has pretty hands she sel-,
dom uses them for the purpose of hiding
her. face. .;. - %; ¦
L. D. Holbrook.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 4.— Attorney L. D.
Holbrbok, who served seventeen years as
Justice . of the Peace In this county, died
to-day, aged 69 years. .¦ ( . ". ¦ -i.
Dan O'Callaghan . is indignant at
the report published in which it is
made to appear that he violated the quar
antine regulations of the port in boarding
the Austrian steamship Klek before that
vessel had received free pratique from
the Federal quarantine officials.' O'Cal
laghan says that he would never dream
of doing such a thing, that he has never
done such a thing and that the report of
his having defied the law was the result
of a case of mistaken identity. It was a
butcher, not O'Callaghan. he says, whose
haste to board the Austrian earned Dr.
Carmichaers reprimand. O'Callaghan de
clares that he is a law-abiding citizen,
and that his natural impulse would be
rather . to aid the authorities In enforcing
the laws than to. hamper them by break
ing through" regulations. ¦ %%
Did Not Violate the Law.
Hen Killed by landslide.
CLEVELAND, Sept. , 4.— Three mem
were killed In a landslide to-night at tho
hew Lake Shore bridge over the Boule
vard entrance to Gordon Park. The dead
are Anglo Donneo, Nick Manico and .An
tonio Flormond.
.NEW YORK, Sept. 4.— The Rev. Wil
liam Dupuy, for over twenty-five years
associate editor of the Christian. Advo
cate.' died of paralysis at Canaan, Conn.,
aged seventy- two years. w. r
THE DAY'S DEAD.
' ' Successful Social. •¦•;'•¦««•
"The Woman Workers of the Bush street
Synagogue gave an - entertainment and
social for the benefit of their school fund
at the residence of Mrs. H. Newhouse, 2003
Pine street, yesterday afternoon and eve-,
nlng. The affair was a social and finan
cial success. During the afternoon and
evening j the - following - entertained the
guests with musical and, vocal selections:
. Misses Samuels, Allenberg, Moyse, Abrams,'
Del Valle and Sampter, Mrs. Tenney and Rev.
Mr. 1 Solomon, Miss Camilla Frank, . Miss , Cor
lnne Goldsmith, Miss Morris, Mr. Goldsmith,
Miss Coney, Miss Flynn, Rev. I. Myers. ¦
• Dancing was enjoyed during the evening
and refreshments were served the guests.
- Following are the officers of the organ
ization: . ' ;
¦'¦ PM»ident, Mrs. H. Newhouse; vice presi
dents, Mrs. ¦ Isidore Myers and Mrs. A. fichles
lnger; treasurer. Mrs. A. Mayer and secretary,
Miss Stern. ';'. ' , : _ '.. , r~ ',¦:>**¦?-
Aid Their School Fund by "a
Members of Bush Street Synagogue
WOMAN- WORKERS GIVE
A HOME ENTERTAINMENT
Death From Wood Alcohol.
Mrs. Tj. Allen, a married woman 45
years old, residing at 700 Broadway, died
at the Central Emergency Hospital at
half past 5 o'clock yesterday morning. It
was stated that she drank wood alcohol
and poisoned herself. An inquest will b&
held.
The contract for ouilding a water tank
for State dredger No. 2 was let to Hay
& Wright for S1295.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company
asked for a lease of a strip of land on the
northeast corner of Mason and Jefferson
streets. The company was Informed that
the board could not lease any of its prop
erty, but that it could have the land from
month to month at a rental of 540 a
month. .-"^ :
B. M. Buckley was reappolnted to serve
another term as wharfinger at the sea
wall.
The California. Wine Association asked
for more time in which to remove the
pmpty casks fiom the wharves, as it is
hampered by the strike. The matter was
referred to the chief wharfinger.
The Union Lumber Company asked for
the use of the outer berth at the end of
Mission street. The matter was referred
to the chief wharfinger.
At yesterday's meeting of the Harbor
Commissioners the contract with the San
ta Fe for furnishing the material, build
ing on the little Main-street wharf and
extending the spring line of Main-street
wharf car ferry slips was signed.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Birth Registration Increases.
The - publication of the statement that
some physicians were not complying with,
the law requiring the registration of
births within one month after they occur
has caused an increase in the registra
tion. Secretary Emery of the Board of
Health stated yesterday that in August
510 births were registered, an increase of
110 over the preceding month.
Aleece Van Bergen's suit to recover $35CN
back alimony and $11,500 with, which to:
purchase an annuity of $600, brought
against John W. Van Bergen> as admin
istrator of the estate of the late William
Van C. N.' Van Bergen, former husband
of Mrs. Aleece Van Bergen, has been
practically thrown out of court by Judge
Kerrigan. The court, in sustaining a de
murrer to Mrs. Van Bergen's complaint,
holds that the decree of divorce' secured,
by Mrs. Van Bergen, in which she was
given judgment for 150 a month alimony,
does not by Us terms charge the pay
ment of alimony upon the heirs of .th*',
deceased. . ¦ -• ¦.•">^. :
Mrs. Van Bergen Loses Suit.
Arrangements — J. "W. Farren, J. Coughlan, C.
Lyons, James McGregor,' P. McGinn, Joseph
Woods, C. P. Moore, J. Powers. l>." Meehan,
John Murphy, T. J. Bourke. G. R. Richmond,
P. D. Bourke, Thomas Bailie, J. M. Sullivan,
J. J. Looney, ¦ J. H. Leary, M. J. Gavin, J. D.
Clifford, N. Sigglna, A. Pryal. J. J. Donahue,
John Devlin, P. Dougherty, John Bourke, M.
Murphy, Thomas- Kerrig-an. N. McGilloway. P.
Hanley, P. Kerrigan, Syl Turner, John' Molo
ney. James Cusack, J. Quinn. B. McGaf figan, .
C. Wilkerson. M, J. Moran, P. J. Sheehy, D.
D. Buckley M. Gribbin, R. Furlong, J. Cough
lan, P. Farrell. J. McShane, P. J.. McAsaey,"
P. Moloney,. John Drlscoll. P. Bergevln. H.
Duggan. W. Fleming, J. Kllnton. T. Martin.
J. Creedon G. Scanlan, C. McDevitt, T. Cava
nagh, J. Walsh, M. Regan. C. Whalen. Hugh
E. Ryan, T. Healy, J. J. Whelan, J. Shea, , F.
Lesperance.
. > Gate— John Coghlan, P. Landers, James
"Walsh, N. Slgglns. • - .
Games— T. Kerrigan/ J. J. Looney,, J. J.
Donahue. P. J. Sheedy. P. Maloney. ,.
Floor managers— F. Farren, D. Buckley, Cap
tain Cedes. ¦ '• ' • • . . .
Boats willl leave by the Sausalito ferry
at 9, 10 and 11:30 a. m. and 12.45 and 1:30
p. m. '.¦-¦¦¦:-
On Monday next. the parishioners of St.
Brendan's parish will have an outing at
Fairfax Park, and great preparations
are being made to make it a grand suc
cess. Father : Nugent is very popular ¦ in
his parish, and as the day is a. holiday
a large attendance is anticipated. Val
uable game prizes have been donated.
¦The committees in charge are as follows:
St. Brendan's Parish Picnic.
Far down in that little canyon that was
named after the big redwood trees that
once grew thickly . on the hillsides live
Michael Murphy and Eugene Riley. They,
have small canyon ranches that are as
wild as if they were hundreds of mi!e3
away In the heart of the Sierras instead
of being less than ten miles distant from
the city of Oakland. Redwood Canyon is
narrow and its sides are steep. Cultiva
tion of the ground is difficult and not ac
companied by any great profit. ¦ •
Michael Murphy and Eugene Rlley, res
idents of the canyon, have been quarrel
ing over a fence line. The amount of land
involved in the dispute is not great
and would hardly recompense them, for
the amount of fighting and the trouble
that has already occurred. But neither
side would yield, and the bitter feeling
grew while the disputed fence remained
on the ground. .. ¦ ¦¦ ¦- - . .- :.
An effort was made yesterday to set
the fence. Michael Murphy had several
men behind him. Eugene Riley was sim
ilarly enforced. The battle first raged
with fists and there were several sore
heads and disfigured faces, as a result.
Suddenly two shots rang out and the fight
stopped. The shots came from a neigh
boring hilltop, and Michael Murphy says
the bullets came near him. He' says the
shots w%re fired by John McCarthy,- a
young man who is in love with the
daughter of Eugene Riley. This is the
story- Murphy told Justice Prowse of
Haywards yesterday and upon which a
warrant was issued for McCarthy's arrest
on a charge of assault with intent to kill.
A disputed fence line, a love affair, a fist
fight between members of two factions
and several rifle shots fired from a hilltop
at one of the faction leaders, have com
bined to start a feud in Redwood Canyon.,
But, unlike a Kentucky feud, the partici
pants are not depending wholly upon
their rifles and their fists. They have car
ried the battle to the Justice Court at
Haywards, where a warrant has been is
sued for the arrest of John McCarthy on
a charge of taking two shots at Michael
Murphy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept 4.
.".The men whose names are mentioned in
the committee's resolution are accused* of
being the prime Instigators in the • rush
movement. , On . August 23 they, with a
crowd of other students, attempted ¦ to
break up the freshman organization meet
ing in progress in Harmon gymnasium.
A conflict ensued, but the freshmen, aided
by the Juniors, managed to keep the at
tacking sophomores out of the building.
The main door of the gymnasium, ¦ was
carried away, during one, of the struggles
and other damage of a like nature wag
done to university property. Worse than
this, however, the > rush occurred • after
President Wheeler had issued - a "; special
notice requesting those ; not concerned In
the meeting to stay away. .
The affair was given into the hands of
the Associated Students and > that body
turned It over -to its executive committee
with power .to act.' A. series of apologies
to President , Wheeler following, rapidly
after the rush served to stop severe pun
ishment. President Wheeler has agreed
to act according to the committee's find
ing, so that no further notice of the fray
will be taken.
- Resolved, That any similar action In - the
future j either of ' these students or any ¦ others
will be considered cause for severe discipline
to the extent of suspension or expulsion from
the student body: , ',"-, . ;. .' - ..
\ Resolved, That the action of. such students
be condemned by the Associated Students of
the University of California and In particular
that the actions of S. R. Danebaum of the
junior class. W. A. B. Woods and F. W.
Skinner of the sophomore class are worthy of
censure because of actions not only thought
less but malicious; but since aforesaid: stu
dents have since apologized' to President
Wheeler and otherwise shown their regret for
their, actions -at j that time, the executive com
mittee of the Associated Students of '.the Uni
versity of California is disposed to be lenient
in this particular instance; and be It further
Whereas. At the recent organization bt the
freshman class, certain parties conducted them
selves In a way not becoming college men and
directly contrary to the wish of President
"Wheeler. Be it
BERKELEY, Sept. 4.— The University
of California students who caused the
rush at the freshman organization meet
ing two weeks ago have escaped with a
censure at the hands of i the executive
committee. The matter has been dropped
so far as the present offenders. are con
cerned, but suspension or expulsion is
promised the student who again disobeys
President Wheeler's anti-rush rule., * Al-'
though condemning the acts of the rush
ers the committee has let the case go to
serve as a warning to others .who are
tempted to disobey.
The executive committee met last night
and passed the following resolution:
Neighbors at War Over
a Fence Dividing
Their Lands.
Committee Deals Lightly
With Disobedient
» Students.
As to the appointment of the ancillary
receiver. Judge Seawell held that this ap
pointment was unnecessary and also voi«_
by reason of the failure of the action.
Judge Sea well found that the first pro
ceeding in the Indiana courts, by which
dark was appointed receiver and upon
which appointment he instituted this ac
¦tfcori. was insufficient to vest him with
ptjwer to sue In this State. But, said the
court, had this suit been brought after
Clark's appointment under the second
proceeding, after the order had been de
clared insolvent, the case would have
been different; bux the first proceeding,
merely calling for the appointment of a
receiver and nothing more, vested the re
ceiver with no power to oring an action
of the nature of that at»the bar.
The effort of Cyrus L. Clark, receiver
of the assets of the Order of Chosen
Friend?, appointed by the courts of In
diana, to gain possession of $5000 depos
ited in the Anglo-Californian Bank to the
credit of the California branch of the
society, has failed. A demurrer to the suit
filed by Clark to gain possession of this
money was sustained by the court and
the order appointing Charles A. L«e an
cillary receiver to act in this State in the
plaee'and stead of Receiver Clark was set
aside.
Effort to Control Assets of Cali
fornia Branch.
Court's Judgment Defeats Receiver's
The prospects' for. a successful regatta
on Admission day are excellent. Up to 6
o'clock last night, the hour at which en
tries for the sixth annual regatta of the
Pacific Interclub . Yacht Association
closed. Secretary Orlo Eastwood had re
ceived the names of twenty-five yachts,
all of which will be seen In the races.
The entries in the 20- foot class are the
sloops Doris and Stella and the yawl Kit
tiwake of the Corinthian Yacht Club, the
sloop Anita of the San Francisco Yacht
Club and the sloop Idler of the Encinal
Yacht Club. In the 25-foot class the en
tries are the sloops Belle, Moccasin, Dis
covery, May and Merope of the Corinthian
Yacht Club.,. In the special yawl class the
entries are Arcturus of the Corinthian
Yacht Club and Gypsie of the. California
Yacht Club. In the 30-foot . class the en
tries are the sloops Presto, Aeolus, Tru
ant and Mignon of the Corinthian Yacht
Club, the sloop Siren of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club and the sloop Helen of
the Vallejo Yacht Club. The entries in
the 36-foot class \are the sloop Jessie E
of the California v Yacht Club, the sloops
Queen - and Emma of the Corinthian
Yacht Club and the sloop Edna, which is
enrolled in both the above named clubs.
In the 44-foot class the entries are the
sloops Clara, Speedwell and Harpoon of
the Corinthian Yacht Club. -The racing
will be interesting i» all the classes, but
especially in the SO- foot class, which In
cludes three winners of Macdonough cups,
a challenger for the Perpetual cup and a
yacht which has two or three times taken
first place in races from Vallejo to' Sausa
lito. The entrjr list includes two from the
San Francisco Yacht Club,- one each from
the Encinal and Vallejo Yacht clubs,
three from the California Yacht Club, all
the rest- being from the Corinthians. • A
few additional entries may be received by
this - morning's mail. Captain Matthew
Turner will be the referee of the regatta.
Thirty-Foot Class Will Include Three
Winners of Iffacdonouglf Trophies
' and Cup-Challenger.
CLARK HAD NO POWER
TO SUE CHOSEN FRIENDS
MANY YACHTS ENTERED
FOR ANNUAL REGATTA
Mr. McKlnstry is a. member of the. law.
firm of .McKinstry, Bradley & McKinstry. ¦
He succeeded David I. Mahoney as Fire *'
Commissioner when the latter was madn
a Police Commissioner about eighteen})
months ago.
Dr. William N. Sullivan, who has been
in attendance upon the sick man, ha»
given his relatives hope by stating that he»
believed the crisis had passed, and that:
if no complications ensued within the
next day or two Mr. McKinatry could bo
declared out of danger. Trained nurse3
are constantly in attendance upon him.
and as he has always been a man of tem
perate habits it is thought his constitution
will weather the trying ordeal to which
he has been subjected.
: Has Been Suffering for Several
Weeks From Severe Attack of
Typhoid Fever.
Fire Commissioner James C. McKlnstry
has been lying dangerously ill at his
home, 2912 Pacific avenue, for the last two
weeks, suffering from a severe attack of
typhoid fever. For a time it was feareel
that a fatal result might ensue, but it was
stated at his residence last night that It
was thought the crisis had been, passed.
Overture, "La - Grande Duchesse," Professor
V. Hue-Paris; Miss Maud 'Sharp in specialties;
selection from "Faust," Miss T. Shemanskl,
•Professor &' Martinez accompanist: piano duet.'
Miles. Estglle Cleu and Gertrude Mefret: "Qul
Vive! em ¦ La Sentlnelle Perdae," Professor J.
B. Perron; violin concerto, Julius Gold, piano
accompaniment by Miss C Field; dance, Miss
Maud Sharp; "Solo de Piston," Professor V.
Hue-Paris: "Chant Patriotique." Miss Gertrude
Mefret; i'Habile Magioien, L. Mesple; marche
finale. • -• • ' ' • • • -
A silver jubilee entertainment and
dance was given. last night at Union
square'Hall by the former pupils of the
French and English' Institute at 1326
Powell street. It was the twenty-fifth
anniversary of the bounding of the insti
tute by Professor Xavier Mefret, and
this fact occasioned the jubilee. j The hall
was filled with young and old people
from the French colony, and they great
ly enjoyed the excellent musical num
bers, the songs, specialties and dances.
The .-programme was as follows:
lish School Hold Silver
Jubilee.
Former Scholars of French, and Eng-
FIRE COIOLTSSSIONEB
McKINSTRY IS VERY JLH
INSTITUTE'S FOITNDIN'G
IS DULY CELEBRATED
The Misses Eva and Marie Withrow,
who have just returned from a four years"
stay In London,: were the guests of, honor,
of 'the" Century^ Club "reception yesterday
afternoon. During . her stay in London
Miss Eva Withrow has achieved marked
distinction as an artist, and yesterday
some choice -.specimens from her. brush
adorned the walls of the club's reception
hall.'- Mrs. M. B. ;-Kellogg, vice president
of the club, in the of the presi
dent, Mrs. Mei rill; o received >the many
guests. The Misses Withrow. return to
London in October, Miss Eva to resume
her work as a portrait painter. and Miss
ing vocal music lessons in New York.
Mr. Freeman is a well-known lawyer of
Hartford, Conn. He is a Yale man and
Is prominent both in social and profes
sional circles in Hartford.
RUSHERS ESCAPE
WITH A CENSURE
Mrs. M. H. I Jouett and Lieutenant F.
L. Perry, Seventeenth Artillery, U. S. A.,
were married yesterday at noon at. the
Occidental Hotel; the >Rev.- Dr. Clampett
of Trinity Church officiating. The bride
was attended by Miss Gertrude Bates,
who officiated as maid of honor. Lieuten
ant Pershlng was best man. The bride is
the daughter of Major Hooper of the Oc
cidental Hotel, and owing to the recent
death of the "major's brother, Colonel
George F. Hoqper, the wedding was a
very simple one. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Perry left last evening for Havana, where
Lieutenant Perry's regiment is stationed.
Marie to go on with her teaching of vocal
music, in which she has been remarkably
successful, ranking at present among the
first of vocal teachers of the world's me
tropolis
* ..*-'•
FAIR SAN FRANCISCO SONGSTRESS AND HER" NEWLY WEDDED
HUSBAND, WHO FELL IN LOVE WITH HER WHEN SHE SANG IN
A CONCERT IN NEW MEXICO.
In 1S?4 he was elected to the secretary
ship of the Missionary Society. He it
was who raised the cry, "A Million for
Missions." and long before the end of his
term saw the fulfillment of his desire. It
is estimated that he has made $150,000 for
the church from his lecture on Libby
I'rison. During the twelve years ot his
¦work as missionary secretary the annual
missionary collections exceeded $1,000,000
and more than 100,000 souls were converted
in foreign lands. He was elected Bishop
in 1896 at Cleveland. Ohio.
In 1S6S he became connected with the
Church Extension Society, which was
then badly in debt. For sixteen years he
went about singing and lecturing until
TO00 churches had been aided and the loan
fund of the society had grown to 5500,000
and the annual income to $700,000. • •
Right Rev. Charles C, McCabe, Bishop
of the Methodist Episcopal church, will
arrive in this city to-daV from. Omaha,
Neb. Bishop McCabe comes to attend
the Methodist Episcopal Conference which
is to be held at Pacific Grove on Septem
ber 12. He will also be present at. the
German Conference, which convenes in
Oakland to-day. Bishop McCabe will
have quarters at the Occidental Hotel
during his visit here.
Few men are better knows in the United
States than Bishop McCabcf, for his name
has long been a household word in Meth
odism. In 18G0 he joined the Ohio Confer
ence and soon afterward became chaplain
of the One Hundred and Twentv-second
Ohio Volunteers. At the battle of Win
chester, while caring for some wounded
soldiers, he was captured and In spite of
the rules of warfare was carried to Libby
Prison. He came out with the great lec
ture, "The Bright Side of Libby Prison."
Distinguished Divine Coming to At
tend Conference to Be Held at
Pacific Grove.
METHODIST BISHOP McCABE
IS EH" ROUTE FROM OMAHA
While the -fire was at Its height Chief
Sullivan administered a sound drubbing to
one of the loafers who seemed to take de
light in belittling the efforts of the fire
men. The chief stood the offensive re
marks of the fellow until the blaze had
been extinguished, when he ran up to him
and with a single punch dropped him on.
the .sidewalk. The chief was ready to>
tackle the fellow's mates but they had no
desire to test Sullivan's powers as a.
sludger, and slunk off/ carrying the limp
form' of their companion with- them.
The first firemen to arrive had to haul j
heavy wagons to the street before they,
could reach the fire. They were helped \
by a number of strikers who were stand- •
ing near by, though tne men who ran, to
the aid of the firemen were hooted at by
a crowd of drunken men who seemed only
too willing to stand by and watch the
flames spread.
The fire was evidently of incendiary ori
gin, as it was discovered in a pile of
thoroughly dried redwood boards in a
part of the yard where the most damage*
would result, and where the blaze would
spread rapidly.
Fire was discovered in the lumber yard
owned by Blyth & Trott on Mission
street, between Steuart and Spear,
last night shortly, after 7 o'clock. Tho
damage caused by the blaze amounted to
but a small sum.
flagration Was the Work of an
Incendiary.
Fire Department Officials Think Con-
MISSION STREET LUMBER
YARD DISCOVERED A-RT.f.ft-R
In reply to a question as to whether
he. would or would not be a candidate for
Governor the doctor said: "I will have
nothing to say about what I propose to
do until I have had an opportunity to get
rested and look over the ground. Whether
I will be a candidate or will not be de
pends upon many things. I simply can
not say now whether I will be a candi
date for Governor or not. Later I will
be better able to discuss politics and. my
plans, if I have any."
"I have not seen those statements and
not having seen them - 1 cannot discuss
them." r - .-V ¦¦¦¦/,
Dr. Pardee has been seriously 111, and
there was ample reason for his trip,
though the politicians affect to see much,
significance in the climate he sought. The
arrival of Dr. Pardee ia Los Angeles just
about the time when the political eyes of
the State were turned in that direction is
regarded as a very peculiar coincidence.
Then came the report from Los Angeles
that he had announced his candidacy.
"I am not prepared to discus3 politics,"
said Dr. Pardee. "I have been away for
six weeks and I am a little out of touch
with affairs. I went away for my health,
which, fortunately. I have regained. I
am very glad to be home once more."
When the doctor was asked about th»
Los Angeles announcement of his candi
dacy he replied:
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— Dr. George C. Par
dee returned with his "wife to-night from
a six weeks' trip through Southern Cali
fornia. The doctor was not Inclined to
discuss politics and pleaded weariness
after his trip. He would not say whether
he would be a candidate for Governor.
He also declined to say whether the re
port telegraphed from Los Angeles that
he, had announced his candidacy was true
or not. In fact. Dr. Pardee did not want
to talk politics.
W. W. Fogg was appointed a regular
teacher of drawing in the Lincoln Even
ing School.
A leave of absence was granted to Miss
May E. Thomas of the Clement School
from September 6 to November 6.
Superintendent Webster reported that
he had cited witnesses to appear for the
purpose of inquiring into the charges
made against Miss McKinney by Princi
pay Lyser of the John Swett School. Web
ster stated that he yras compelled to re
quest. Lyser to make more specific charges
than those contained in his first commu
nication, which was replete with glitter
ing generalities.
The Board of Education Is keeping good
Its announced intention to infuse new
blood into the department by appointing
outside teachers to the exclusion of those
already In the rervlce who have gathered
the wisdom of experience. At yesterday's
meeting F. E. Perham was elected to the
vacancy created fn the Lowell High
Bchool by the transfer of M. B. Blanch
erd, teacher of English. Perham Is an
other recruit plucked from the university
graduates and does not reside in this city,
or at least his name Is not In the city di
rectory. Owing to the partiality of Phe
lan s board for strangers Perham will
Henceforth receive a. salary of ?175 per
month.
Perham Wjas appointed though he is not
possessed of a city certificate, as the law
requires. Mark confided to Superintend
ent Webster that Perham was possessed
of university credentials, and if they are
found to be correct he will be granted a
temporary certificate until next Decem
ber, when the board meets to issue regu
lar ones. A resolution was adopted fixing
the regular semi-annual meetings of the
b °a r d on the last Wednesdays of June
and December.
' In order to inject an element of contest
for the position. President Klncaid placed
tne name of Miss Gertrude Henderson of
l«os Angeles in nomination, but the votes
) of the other three Directors were cast for
Perham.
The cars were smashed somewhat, but
not enough to prevent them going back
to the powerhouse without assistance. The
woodwork . and \ glass were shattered. An
Investigation into the cause of the acci
dent will be conducted by the railway of
ficials, when., the responsibility for it will
be fixed. ¦" . ;
The eastbound car was not seen by
Motorman Pollard of car No. 8 until he
was almost upon it. The glass in frffnt
of him was -coated by the fog and mois
ture and he was not looking for any meet-
Ings at that point. When he did see No.
24 he was within a hundred feet of it. He
tried to bring his car to a stop and partly
succeeded, but the Impetus was too great.
The cars came together hard. '
C. J. Reichert of Elmhurst was on car
No. 8 going to his work at an Oakland
flour mill. He was sitting In the front
end of the car when the collision occurred
and did not see that it was Impending in
time to jump. He was thrown against one
of the stanchions and slightly bruised
about the back and, shoulders. The rail
way officials took charge of him and took
him to his home, where he is being
treated.
Partly Stops Car.
A thick fog made it impossible for the
motorman to see any distance ahead, but
he had no thought of danger. He kept
the window in front of him down so that
he could see ahead as much as possible.
Suddenly., after he had reached a point
500 feet distant from the High street road,
a car loomed through the fog. ¦ Apply
ing the brakes hard Motorman Duston
sought to bring the car to a standstill. At
the same .time he shouted to the passen
gers to jump. The passengers scrambled
off in a hurry and just cleared the car in
time in avoid the crash.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 4.
: " In a collision between two cars of the
Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
; electric line on the county road early this
morning one man was hurt and the lives
of thirty passengers were endangered. One
of the Cars was crowded with working
people bound for the cannery at San Le
andro, who jumped off . just in time to
avoid .the crash. The accident was due to
the heavy fog. that prevailed and the de
sire of the motorman of the eastbound
car to get his passengers to their desti
| nation on time.
No. 8 was the eastbound car. It was
the first out from Oakland and was in
' charge of Conductor Lamoureaux and
I Motorman Duston. There were twenty-five
: or thirty people on board. They were all
! employes of the fruit cannery at San Le
; anaro, where they were due to begin their
day's work at 7 o'clock. In deference to
the wishes expressed by several of them
j Motorman Duston hurried his car in or
der that they might reach their destina
tion on time.
No. 24 was the first westbound car. It
left the ¦ powerhouse at Elmhurst.at 6:15
o'clock. It carried six passengers going
to work in Oakland "and San Francisco.
i Conductor Allen and Motorman Pollard
were the men in charge of it. *
Motormen* Unable to See.
It is customary for these cars to meet
on the double tracks near. High street,
but this morning Motorman Duston, in
his haste to cover the distance to San Le
andro,-continued to move eastwardly,
hoping to make the siding -near the Mel
| rose Coursing Park before., the car ap
proaching from the other direction reached
The Sharpe divorce, to which Mr.
Schaffer refers, was granted about two
months ago. Mrs. Sharpe charged . her
husband with statutory cruelty, and he
did not make any answer in the courts
though he made .the statement at the
time that the cause of the breaking up of
his family was Mrs. Brandes.
Mrs. Schaffer has taken a great Inter
est in Christian Science and ranks as
first reader of the Second Christian
Science Church of East Oakland. She has
a Christian Science reading-room at her
residence, which is devoted to Christian
Science literature.
The complaint is quite a long one and
charges that* Mr. Schaffer did not prop
erly provide for his family, that he used
his money for his own purposes, and that
he drank and gambled, that he ill-treated
his wife arhome and caused her great
mental anguish.
When I went East I broke up house
keeping and stored my furniture, and
my. wife stayed at a hotel with the chil
dren and her mother. \ After I got back
and while we were still living at * the
hotel she took the furniture out of stor
age and opened some kind of a Christian
Science home In East Oakland.- She
had become interested in that and went
to an extreme on it. I fouild that my
home was turned into one of those places
with a big sign out, 'Christian Science
Reading-room.' It was no • longer a
home. It was a place where people
came in without knocking or ringing the
bell.
"And over all this Mrs. Brandes con
tinued to hover like an evil spirit.
"I am going to fight the case because
I don't want my children to be subjected
to influences like these." v .-
Opens Christian Science Home.
"She has secured complete control over
my wife. Why, she even interested her
in the cases of those three toughs who
were accused of assaulting a girl in
West Oakland, and she, with my wife
assisted in securing money for their de
fense.
"I have not cut any figure at home
since Mrs. Brandes appeared there.
"And while this is going on families
are broken up, children are made parent
less and husbands are deprived of home
and happiness. I may be a little bitter,
but I have suffered and I feel what I
say. .
"Now I have fallen a victim to the same
malign influence in exactly the same way.
She has probabiy given my wife the same
advice that she gave Mrs. Sharpe.
"That woman- is dangerous to be at
large. She has the power of a Svengali
and she casts her spell over women who
will listen to l.er. She makes her living
by breaking up families, as she has done
mine. As long as she can get the woman
to listen to her and can keep the hus'
band away from home or get the woman
to sue for^divcrce she can live at their
expense. When she can no longer work
her baneful arts upon one family she ex
tends her Influence, like some poisonous,
vicious thing, over another, and so she
continues to live.
,- Mrs. Brandes a Svengali. . - \>
"Since then I have learned that Mrs.
Brandes has been the cause of another di
vorce. She appeared in the family of Mr.
Sharpe, a neighbor of mine, under the
name of Rosa Theil. and it was over a
year ago that the advised Mrs. Sharpe to
sue her husband for a divorce. Mrs.
Sharpe has since done so, and I believe
that she secured her divorce some months
ago, her husband not desiring to make
any contest.
"How my wife became interested in this
strange woman I do not know. All that I
know Is that one day I came home as
usual and found a woman in black sitting
at my table. &he was introduced to me
as Rosa Theil, a widow, who was in deep
trouble and in whom my wife had taken
an interest and whom she wanted to help.
She occupied part of my house, sat at my
table and was part of my family for a
considerable period of time before I found
out who she was. My surprise can be im
agined when I found out that she was the
wife of a man who had been convicted of
a most brutal murder and who .was ac
cused of being a party to an effort to con
ceal the crime, even If she was not really
a party to it. There was no palming off
the innocent wife of a brutal husband
upon me, for she had been proven in the
first trial to be nearly as bad as her hus
band, and there was then hanging over
her head a charge of being accessory to
the murder. There she was in my house
in daily communication with my children
under an assumed name. I refused to al
low it, and then came the first open rup
ture. , . /
"Over all of this is the trail of the ser
pent," said Paul J. Schaffer, when he was
served with the complaint, "and the ser
pent is Mrs. Etta Brandes. The woman
who was accused of aiding her husband
in the murder of their daughter is the
woman who broke up my home and that
of others of whom I know. Against my
wife I have nothing to say, except that I
am afraid that Mrs. Brandes and a too
close study of Christian Science has
turned her head. I hardly believe that
any one in complete possession of her fac
ulties would have done what she has
done.
The Trail of the Serpent.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul J. Schaffer are well
known In Oakland. He has been promi
nent in politics for a number of years,
was Secretary of the Board of Health
for a long while, was later secretary for
Congressman Metcalf, and has served as
Deputy Postmaster of Oakland for nearly
two years. Only < among a few of the
friends of the couple has the story of their
differences crept out. The divorce papers
wera flled for Mrs. Schaffer this after
noon by Chapman & Clift, her attorneys.
Mr. Schaffer announces that he will make
a contest for the purpose of securing pos
session of the three. children. Up to the
present time Mr. Schaffer has not dis
cussed his family affairs, but with the
filing: of the complaint he comes out open
ly and charges his troubles against Mrs.
Brandes, the wife of the man who is serv
ing a ten-year term in Folsom prison for
the murder of his daughter, and the wo
man who figured in the case in nearly
as culpable a degree as her husband.
A divorce suit was filed to-day by Zebu
line H. Schaffer against Paul J. Schaffer,
Deputy, Postmaster of the city of Oak
land. Mrs. Schaffer charges her husband
with extreme cruelty and general neglect,
a failure to support her and a lot of col
lateral charges. But in and around all
this there is woven a queer, strange story
in which Mrs. Etta Brandes appears as
the woman, of mystery — an actual woman
In black, posing under the name of Rosa
Thell. Mr. Schaffer says that Mrs. Bran
des has broken up his family and the
families of others, and to this weird
woman he attributes all of his troubles.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 4.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
gate Charges Against
Pedagogue.
Webster Begins to Investi-
Says Woman Hovered About
Household Like an Evil
Spirit.
Unable at Present to State
if His Name Will Go Be
• fore Convention.
Motormen Fail to See Each
, Other in the Lower
ing Fog.
FEUD DISTURBS
REDWOOD CANYON
On September 9. at the residence of D.
H. Sweeney, In San Rafael, Miss Alma
Crowell and Harrison Freeman of Hart
ford, Conn., will be married. It is to be
a very quiet wedding: and only the rela
tives and immediate friends of the young
couple will be present. Dr. Hall- will be
the officiating clergyman. Miss Burrowes
of New Jersey will be the maid of honor
and little Miss Alma Doane and Master
Osborne Doane will be the ribbonTbearersr
It is to be a white and green wedding.
The bride will wear an elegant gown of
white satin elaborately trimmed with old
Irish point. Her bouquet will be composed
of white violets. Miss Burrowes will
wear a dainty gown of- white mull over
white silk. She will carry a bouquet of
white violets. Miss Crowell, the fair
bride to be, is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles R. Crowell of this city. Dur
ing the last five years she has been tak-
Miss Harriet M. Griswold and John A.
Faull were married last evening at the
home of the bride's aunt, Mrs. W. 0.
Gould, on Central avenue. On account of
recent bereavements in the families of
both the bride and groom the wedding
was a very quiet affair and only the im
mediate friends and relatives witnessed
the ceremony, which was performed by
the Rev. Dr. Clampett.
Miss Sophie Faull was maid of honor
and Miss Edith Lynn was bridesmaid.
Henry Faull. brother of the groom, was
best man, and Dr. W..P. Griswold, broth
er of the bride, gave her away.
The bride wore an elegant gown of white
crepe de chine. The skirt was made en
train and the corsage was trimmed with
duchesse lace. Miss Faull and Miss Lynn
were attired alike in dainty gowns of
white point d'esprit over white silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Faull will leave to-day for
their future. home in Portland, Or. , .
Captain and Mrs. Trayner will leave to
day for New Mexico, where, they will
make their future home.
The lady who last evening became Cap
tain Trayner's' bride is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. John E. Roddy. She is
charming and accomplished and is the
fortunate possessor of- a magnificent
soprano voice.
Miss Roddy was touring New Mexico
with a concert company. The night the
company opened Captain Trayner, who
had just returned from a European visit,
dropped into the hall just as Miss Roddy
was finishing her last number. One glance
was enough for the Royal Dragoon. He
saw the lady, she conquered and twenty
four hours later they had been properly
introduced, and the second son of Lord
Trayner of the Grange, Edinburgh, Scot
land, was putting forth his best efforts
to win her.
The wedding, of last evening was the
culmination o'f a pretty romance, the
opening chapter of which was placed in a
concert hall in New Mexico.
At 8 o'clock, in the presence of 100 in
vited, guests, the young couple took up
their position beneath the flag canopy and
were made husband and wife by Bishop
Nichols. The bride was attended by her
sister, Miss Mazle Roddy, who officiated
as maid of honor. Myron H. Peck acted
as best man, and little Miss Marion Rich
ards as ring-bearer. 1
The bride wore a dainty gown of white
pina cloth elaborately trimmed with
mousseline. The regulation Bridal veil and
wreath of orange blossoms completed the
costume.
. Miss Mazie Roddy wore a pretty gown
of pink pina cloth trimmed with pink
chiffon. Miss Marion Richards was daint
ily gowned in blue pina cloth, trimmed
with chiffon. .
. ' being: their granddaughter, Miss
Adelaide Roddy, and Captain R. W. Max
well Trayner, formerly of the Royal
Dragoons, H. M. A., but now a big ranch
owner of New Mexico. Elaborate prepa
rations were made for the wedding. In
the handsome drawing-rooms, where the
ceremony was performed, the folds of the
American and English flags were grace
fully intermingled, and with » the aid of
trailing vines and brilliant-hued blossoms
made a most attractive decoration.
was a pretty wedding last
1 evening at the' residence of Mr.
I and Mrs. D. M. Richards, 981. Sut-
JJL ter street, the contracting parties
Passengers on Hay wards
Line Have Narrow
Escape.
ElectsTeacher WhoDoes
Not Possess a City
Certificate.
Declines to Say Whether
He Will Seek Guber
natorial Honors.
R J. Schaffer, Sued for
Divorce, Accuses Mur
derer's Wife.
BOARD IS GOOD
TO A STRANGER
PARDEE SILENT
ABOUT POLITICS
LEAP FROM CARS
TO AVOID CRASH
MRS. BRANDES
DISRUPTS A HOME
ROMANCE OF A CONCERT ROOM
ENDS WITH A HAPPY WEDDING
Son of Scottish Lord Hears Miss Adelaide Roddy .Sing in New. Mexico
and at Once Falls Captive to Her Many Gharms— Marriage Takes
Place Beneath a Canopy Of ; American ;and * English . Flags
THE SA1ST FBANOISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
* : Lieutenant ' of Police Price has" been as
signed' to = duty at the Harbor; Station by
Chief- Sullivan. , ..'. ¦
..•¦•¦ • ¦ ¦ - ¦' ' •' .. ¦ ¦
9
NO Cooking!!
Just a little
cream or milk,
a little sugar
and
GRAPE=NUTS
arc ready.
Sold by all Groicrs.
•ways Been a Wonder.,,
Over . 80 years' old, Queen Victoria \ yet
has luxuriant hair, which has for years
been a marvel. The court physician, fol-
lowing Professor Unna's discovery, haa
treated her Majesty's scalp with a germ
destroying preparation, which he haa al-
ways*fcept secret. It is now known, how-
ever, that the remedy - for dandruff, tha
germ destroying ; element. - is embodied .in
Newbro's Herplcide, the. only hair prepa^
ration, on the market that does destroy
the dandruff germ. Without dandruff hair
will grow profusely and falling hair will "
be stopped. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect."
Its Profusion, .at Her Age, Has Al«.
QUEEN" VICTORIA'S TTATrt.
GEAPE-UUTS.
NEW ADVESTISEMZNTS.¦ . ¦ ' » ¦ - .,....:-..¦'.:.•:. ¦ ¦...-¦:•.. '- . '¦' ;• ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The" San Francisco-
Call, oornc-r of Market and Third streets; cpen
until 12 o'clork every night in the year.
BRANCH OFF5CES-b_7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open r.nti! i':30 ». tn.
303 Uay^ street: cpen until 9:30. p. m.
C3J McAllister Fireet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C]3 Larkin ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
J541 Mission street; open until'10 p. m.
2X1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i>. rn. -,."»><
]0fi Oevent- Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
Xonliwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmcie ytreet: open until 3 p.m. ¦
MEETING XOTICES. , '
MISSION Chanter No. 79, R. A. M.— •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J\,
EVENING. 7:20 o'clock. Business. P.\j\
M and M. K. M. degrees. By order of
the K. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA~Lodre No. 1. F. and A. ¦
„.. will meet THIS -(THURSDAY) Bk
EVENING, Sept. 5. at 7:30 o'clock. Tt^
Ftated meeting. By order of the Mas-
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL ivDdgre No. ... F. and A. m
II.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _i\,
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, for the T^/S
purpose of conducting the funeral eerv- ' ~^
ices over the remains of our deceased brother.
SILAS MONTGOMERY BUCK. Master Ma-
sons invited. Bv order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. •
M.— Ppeclal meeting THIS (THURS- _fl\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third J^J\
degree. Stated meeting at 7:30. Master ~
Masons cordially invited. By order of the
W. M. FREDERICK BARKY. Secretary.
DORIC L<-tf?e No. 21S, F. and A. M.— •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) v #\-
EVENING at 7:?0 o'clock. /V-_pf\
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec. ' '
OPHIR~Lo^ No. 171. I. O. O. F.- < v _^fe.
There will bo a district meeting of -_fJ_rK^
all lodtres in HiFtrirt No. G7. on =f SS-KSi-
FRIDAV F.VENING September
6. in Fraterr.a! Hal!. Tho members of this
lodge are earnestly requested to be present.
J. R. MORRISON. R. S.
THE snTiuftl meeting 0'. the stockholders of the
PAIRYMKN'S UNION o* California will be
held at the office of the corporation, 124. 126.
12S Davis St.. on TUESDAY. September 10.
lStOl. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
elec'tiric-' directors for the ensuinc year and
the t >— '.reaction of such other business as
inav come before the meeting.
* G. A. CODON'I. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
GIUL nrd hov r-abv for adoption.' MRS. DR.
FUNKE. HIS Eighth Ft. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Several persons of character and
good reputation in each State (one in this
county required) to represent ar.d advertise
old established wealthy business house of^ solid
financial standing. Salary flS weekly, with
expenses additional, all payable In cash each
¦Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
and carriasre furnished when necessary: ref-
erences. Inclose self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Vanasrer. V>6 Caxton build' g. Chicago.
AGENTS— Do you. ¦R-ant something more profit-
able and easier to soil than books or in«ur-
sr.ee? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott MdJ.
ASPIIALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; prstal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 247<.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frw»— Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no rharge without success; collections,
wills, deeds etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOV.'E. 850 Market st
ADVICE fro*>;divcrces private; bankruptcy col-
lections attachments; mortgages :bills of sale;
partnership: deeds: wills draTrnjfees low;open
eve's. THURSTOX. 100SH Mkt.. r. 4. op Sth.
LETT B. DOUGLASS. S97 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy. *?tates. ceneral practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
„. S. CLAHK. Emma Foreckels bide.. 927 Mar-
k^t »=t.- *•<"«¦¦ Italic f-w; no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD. >.
BOOK? <¦>' ovfn- kipd bonerht. Tel. Red. 295S.
HOLMKP T5OTIK CO.. TOl-TOG-TH'! Mission *t
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
1CK 2 rhi:<ir»n to board; good liom* K-. moth-
.»-'* rmre: fin nr.: «-r-.-- rard. 1<»!7 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS? ~
APK to sr>» Lundbeck's improved drawer
t— ink: Ft pll deal^-s nr factory. SM Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 5400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
- and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
8 yearf=: doinsr good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearr.y St. j
A— J1400: SALCOX: choiceEt^ocation'on Market
St.: net rent ISO: fine fixfltires and good pay-
Ing buEinefs: investigate 'at once: a splendid
p.nd rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearry st.
A— JSOfiO: CGRNFR saloon with lunchroom on
Market ft.; a first-class place: owner sick in
the country: must Fell • at once; investigate
and make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st.
A— I5C0: CHOP and oyster house en Market st.:
rent fS": dally receipts 130 and above: owner
railed Ep*t by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
26ii Kearny st.
1450— CANDY stand, stork and fixtures; down-
tewn; sna]». RETSLOFF. SM Market st, r. 12.
t_0 — PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paving offlce. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
J100— RE.* L estate office: snap: this' week.
XEWTOX & HARTER. "„ Market st.
GOOD Faloon at a bcrp-ain. Apply at" SIEBE,
PLAGEMANX _ CO.'S.
MEANS wanted to find rich, free-milling quartz
ledge. Address Call agency. San Jose. Cal.
*75C-OLD-"STADLISHED candT store; icel
cream and soda fountain; furniture and fix-
tures: <Jo:r.g good business. GEO. C. YOUNG
Petaluma.
J75 BUYS stock, fixtures of candy, ice-cream
Ftore and furniture of 3 rooms; great snap.
l'JZS Mission St.
WANTED— Will rent a store across bay; cheap
rwit for saloon. D. M.. 143 Fifth st. S. F.
TS' ANTED — An honest and eober partner with
• flOOO in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend - to corre-
* pending, etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
II00O per menth. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERL^, German Expert Optician. 1071 \i. Mar-
k«t 6t, Pan Francisco.
FOR eale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
rtcre of CNOPIUS ft CO.. Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
fit Healdsburg. as a whole or eacn store sep-
trate; disagreement among partners the cause
cj telling. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUa
& CO.. Santa Ross.
FOR sale cheap: owner must leave town at
once; stock, good -will and fixtures -of fruit
R^d vcget-He store. Apply 775 Washington
fit, corner Free Market, Oakland.
FOR pale— A good-paying candy, ice-cream and
notion basis—- in a lively interior town-
f-'OOO. Inquire of >.". METER _ CO.. 420 Front.
WELL-ESTABLIFHED b_smeES~for "sale: good
living in it. For particulars apply at 036-535
Washington St.: investigation solicited.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap. Apply to _«
Ml£&j'cn Ft., city.
OLD-ESTA ULISHED corner liquor store with
lea.--^; account of sickness. Box 79, Call office
<7OOD paying milk business: will hear cIospfI
investigation: principals only. Box 4563. Call.
LODGSNG-HOISES FOR SALE.
650 Market st- and S Stockton Ft.. •
fiooms 2J, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 228
ir you have hotel, rooming-house or business
-to sell list with us. We havcoash customer!
lor a.ll sizes and prices. See list of bargain*
JO0 r. ; rent 547f>; <xir. : Nest-paying in clty.i7Ou<
.Ki r.; rent $2f-0: Al loc: srood house 36*
CO r.: rent 1300; ror.; elegant hotel 700i
4S r.; rent $110; cor.: Oakland Z0
2C r.; rent (30; cor; fine fur. and loc...... 200-
: Money loaned on deferred payments. VA p. c
14 r.; rent *.">5: good trans, and loc 5"j
10 r. ; rent tIS; fine fur.: piano \. 63
Over 500 houses listed. Call before • buying.
11100-15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in. . . j
t.'>000— 27 rooms; Ellis; cleare $20J over all.
fCT,o— 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent S45; bargain.
*S0O — 6-room flat: grand furniture: rent $25.
11300 — 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $53.
JC.-<&— S roams; now being; furnished.
$2500— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
AVp loan money on any proposition. DONALI
INVESTMENT CO.. £50 Market st.
_________________ _
102S Market Bt. Telephone Jessie 2211.
22 rooms; best location south of Market. $100
20 rooms; beautifully furnished: only . ISO
¦30 rooms; l>— t street in city: rent $45..,.. 120
15 rooms; snap; rent only $43.. ,. j* 140
.so roc-mi»: rent J95: sunny corner 200
TOO cth'r-r houses. Many bargains to select from
WPHKR & CO.. S33 Market. Phone Folsom IM3
We have a number of good bargains In lodg
ing-horses, pnloonfe. candy and notion stores
rIfo restaurants nnd cigar stands, which w
ran vouch for.- Call and .get our prices.
THE larpert and beet list of lodging-house
end hoir-'i* ~n b»> found at office of
O. W. SCHWFTNHARD. phone Mint 1911,
Kc_ 917 Market 6t- (near Fifth st)
LODGING HOUSES Fm^_SALg--Con.
ATTENTION. " BUYERS! •_
OUR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING.
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
OX OUR LIST ;
And pay for it in monthly payments from the
profits of the house. ___
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth *\<>
40 rooms; on Third 3 »JJ«
21 rooms; $530 cash, balance payments — 1003
60 rooms; rent $1CO: clears $250...... J*
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 faO33
S rooms; on Ellis; clears $35 •• «»»
28 rooms: on Mission -;™
90-room hotel and bar :.. ; - • »>_"
45 rooms: r<mt *i_: clears $loD...... ; -... «**¦>
A H RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r.12.
H^F s T77.3iroWs A .^.. ;::; hous^
:Mv;I_omk "a>:d sf.e me about it
I EITHER HAVE OR CAN SECURE....
. ..;: YOUR IDEAL
916 Market ft. M. K. B. WALLACE, room 73.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. land 2.
Near the Call building. Tel. Black 1S03.
Call at my office for big free list.
I will give you a square deal and good title.
List your house with me — no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or yearly.
All kinds of businesses for sale.
THE largest and bfst list of lodging-houses at
our office. MrBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth.
SPIRITUALISM.
TOME~&~iree~C V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun , Tues.. Frl.. S p. m.. BOc: you can speak j
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them : |
give names; received medals from many j
countries: taken !art world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush st; tel. 2275 Larkin
FREE— Ladles who wart to know whether they
possess mediumlstic talents: if they develop
with me and cannot get full names In 90
days, no charges: 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. FRANKLIN. 724 Post st
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a sneclaltv; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. S p. m.: every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 2?9 Hyde, cor.. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; modlea-1 clairvoyant: sittings, $1; j
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car. _
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 r- m.: Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m.. 10c: meetings dally. 5Cc. -
MME. Y£)UNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 535 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS. '
MMeTm. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Thir': st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life eonectly, gives an accurate de-
scription, of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this grea*.
me'dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable ndvice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect Eatlsf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F.- CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
fulure; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows pltcure future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215',4 Sixth st
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful prediction? In all affairs of life:
gives names, facts, fieures: gives luck; honest
predictions in love affairs: reunites separated,
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
A^LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST,
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st. ; reading? by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sleht;
diagnoses disease with life readlne: ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. 51 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS. . astrol-
ogical nalmist. reader human destiny: never
fails; 23c and 50c; by mail, 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE. best cln'rvovant. card reader:
I German spoken: 25c up. 777^ Market St., room 18.
; MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant.- card reader: ladles
¦ 2F-c, gents «0c; readings daily. 132 Sixth -st.
: Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; 1. 25c, g. 50c. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from l.to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to S p. m. : 50c. S26A Ellis st
CARD reading 25c: hours from 1 to 8 p. m. 835
Howard st. nr. Fourth.
FREE test readings; ladies morning: open 10 to
0: closed Sundays. FRANKLIN, 724 Post st
MRS.MELVILL. well-knotfn clairvoyant, water
reader, 11 6th:German spoken ; tel. Howard 1846.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist 148
Sixth st.. room 23.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;paim!stry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
Fittings dally. 44S>i Jessie Ft. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING .AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
I ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel South 40.
J BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511V. Market st; phone Mint 1093.
: ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Prop.
I RUDOLPH _ CO.. oarpet-beating works; prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
i CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ¦ ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 28-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
i vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth Ft. : tel. Mission 74.
\ CHIROPODISTS.
I BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts: paln-
| less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Stra!«sburg<»r fromN.Y.. specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. : Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
j GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
¦ less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
1 COTTACES TO LET.
i 5 ROOMS, bath; barn. 234 Andover, near Cort-
I land; $13; Mission-st cars.
j DENTISTS.
j A— DR. T. B. HIGGINS. 927 Market Street
< Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable price.
I for painters dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
I artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
I guaranteed. $5 up: a good metal plate $15:
vrold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10: teeth
i Without plate; painless extraction.
! AT the ELECTRO^DENTAlTcLINIC. 809 Mar-
1 ket Bt. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
i have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
j without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
1 S3 SO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
I fice hours, 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
I P- m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT t>rizes-for best crowns, plates, hrldgea
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
•n-onderf^l eecret. painless method :_0 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O f Farrell st.
. A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rom Pearl,
warranted for 20 yearn: crowns. $3 50: fllllnsrs.
¦ " BOc: platen. $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentiit;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
} st; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
I PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
i iSKT*of teeth without plate. _r! H. G.
YOUNG. 1M1 Pnlk 5t. / - ¦ ¦¦ , ¦ .'- .
• DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Oeary.nr.Larkir-— Paln-
I less extraction 50c; platen $5 up;phonePo!kll33.
i DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor. Ex-
! amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Pal nleEs": evenlnen and*Sun-
davi». 1001 MaTkPt ft., corner Sixth. ¦ ¦¦'¦
DERMATOLOGISTS.,
SUPERFLUOUS hair "and' moles permanently
removed by electrolvsls: faclnl massage with
hydro-vacu. MIfiR MILLMAN. 930 Bush sf
DRESSMAKERS AND i SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. - 1019 Market at..-.
J ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
{ -attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATION AL. \
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN. •¦ .. .
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city' for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason |
and Ellis Ets.: opening night. Tuesday. • Sep-
¦ tember 10; registration beginning September
1: departments— Art.- business, civf. 1 service,
elementary, engineering, ¦ high school.' lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary: A.
: A. MACURDA. educational director. .
AYRES" Leading Business College, 723' Market—
$8 per month: J50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
Fpclllr.fr. Sapnish. etc.; experienced. teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat, free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of,
shorthand : reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children. In primary, grammar ' and high
school studies; references. -Box 69. . Call:
SPANISH— Conversation; letters: rapid method;
classes dally; $3 per month. PROF. MAYA,
.210 Eddy st. 1 . ¦ ' ¦ ¦ -
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical ngency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell fit.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Pnr-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction: catalogue..
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech. sui-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. i-est." 1S64. Van-
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, n/ City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one*nan who per-,
fects beginners, college graduat/s & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220j»Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
. Gregg shorthand ccsts only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. ¦ - ;
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
oh weekly installments: lowest rates.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
. pared for the stage. 125 Mason 6t.
ACTING— Rend to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
: Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6. mo.
i MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mando.in, guitar
lessons. BOc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth . st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile c'.ass. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claf s. 424 Pine st.
HRALTTS Business College. 24 Post St. S. F.;
founded 1?63: new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. . 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO., employment offlce— Best help;
estbd. 1S50. 621 1 ,. California st; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.: tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. B24 Bush St.: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
f.ce: all kind* help. 31S Ptnpl<>on: Main R1S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO first-class German and Swiss nurses de-
sire situations: best of city references. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation; no ob-
jection .to going out of city; can be seen at
the Ramon H6use, cor. Thirteenth and Har-
rison Ets., Oakland.
REFINED young woman will act as invalid's
' nurse or nursery governess: good reader and
eewer; city or country; references. Box 122,
Call office. ¦ . . .
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, fond of children, the best of references,
'wants to go as housekeeper; wages $10 month.
Box ISO. Call offlce. '
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
I in American family; good, plain cook; will do
j small washing; wages $25. Box 9, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by refined, well-educated
woman; doctor's offlce preferred. Address box
87, Call offlce. ' \
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation
cooking or washing and ;ironlng«n a small
family. Api>Iy 77 Natoma st
GERMAN middle-aged woman wishes steady
situation as cook only; fine lunch house, deli-
cacies or clubhouse preferred. 122 Seventh.
YOLTNG French woman wishes situation to do
housework; good plain cook. Call 9 to 5 at
212 Octavla st • • ¦
! EDUCATED German lady wishes position as
1 lady's companion or traveling. E. H. ..box
I 99, Call offlce. /
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a place as
working housekeeper. Please call at US Eddy.
FIRST-CLAPS German cook wishes a position
with first-class family. Address 2244 Mission.
COMPETENT girl wants second work and
waiting; wages $25; references. 1522 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper or as
lady's nurse. 523 Howard st.
MAN and wife wish positions on private
• place; wife first-class waitress or plain
cook; man about place or first-class coach-
man. Address B. S.. 537 Ellis st. ; best ref-
erences.
WANTED— «By a middle-aged lady a situation
In a small private family to do light house-
work: city or short distance in country. Box
115. Call offlce.
I GERMAN girl, just from the East, wishes Elt-
1 uation as second girl in first-class private
J family. Please call at 426 Francisco st.. be-
tween Meson and Powell.
RELIABLE girl wishes a position to do gen-
eral housework and cooking. Please call
2293 Geary st.
YOUNX5 Scotch girl wishes position in small
American family to do general housework or
cooking; wages $25. Address box 82, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position
to do general Housework; city or country.
Call at 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
A GIRL wishes a position with a nice family
I to do housework; wages $20. Please call 1302
Hayes st.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants situation
¦ in ' small American family; good cook; best
city references. Address Cook, 1451 Stevenson.
SITUATION as laundress and chambermaid In
private family. Address box 84, Call offlce.
TWO ladies wish positions as second girl and
cook. Add res 518 Powell st
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman;
a position as housekeeper in hotel, flrst-class
lodging-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge , of doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4S74, Call.
A YOUNG woman; employment by day. 501
Leavenworth st, cor. O'Farrell, r. 8, 2d floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
J6 week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man wishes position as valet, bellboy,
gentleman's servant; city trained, with city
references; years in the city: good to the right
people. Box 4816, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk with references
wants situation. J. B.. box 134, Call offlce. 'N
MAN 12 years in national bank would like
work that would require about half time,
such as forwarding balances, general book-
keeping, etc; • can give best of references.
Box 81. Call office. ' . ' - ¦
YOUNG man, well educated In German and
v English, trained medical and surgical house,
understands the drug business, best of refer-
ences and recommendations, desires position.
Kox 46. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes • a situation
on gentleman's place; can take care of horse
and buggy and milk a cow. Address P. B.,
gardener, 315 1 ,. Jessie st. city.
YOUNG, man, 20 years old, German-American,
living home, wishes work. Please address E.
D. SPECKTER. 652'.. Natoma st.
YOUNG married couple would. like to take care
of private place or a resort; no children. Boa
129, Call office. .. • , •
EXPERIENCED hotel; clerk wants position in
first-class hotel. '.Box 85. Call office. ,
POSITION " wanted by. experienced ; gardener:
can take care of horse, cow and buggy; besl
of references. Address eGardener. ¦ box 4851,
Call offlce.
THOROUGHLY competent, and experienced
man desires to take charge of an offlce build-
ing as Janitor; best of city references. Bos
! 105, Call offlce. \ ¦ . . '
WANTED— Position as steward: hotel, or club
. -excellent 'references given. Address C. ED-
WARDES. box 4Q. Call office. ..., ¦ -.. ¦ ,
Al MARRIED -man wants charge • orchard,
stock or private place;- first-class 1 references.
• Box 6, , Ran Mateo. . . ¦ - ¦ ¦ ;,....
¦ JAPANESE faithful. boy wants to work in stori
or offlce; best reference. | Box 119, Call offlce.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:
received at Callbranch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
' .'¦ ¦-¦•¦- — ' ' .»¦' ••¦¦ 1 i ¦•'• ¦¦'•¦'- ' • - ¦ . • -.'¦• r ,.'<r»
MATRIMONIAL.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
«terv Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
In&. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell «...
tel. Bush 421.
~~ . BIEDICAI*.
DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used fo^rnany years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief in
all cases taken: the most obstinate cas<M
have been relieved by my treatments; frea
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st.
RETURNED •••; V
MRS DA VIES lias returned from her vaca-
tion and win b« pleas<»<1 to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
In confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined tn
weaknesses and diseases of men onlv. 937
Market et. corner Sixth: entire upper floor
MRS D ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: a priv. home before an4, dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low Tees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS D WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post Xn 410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
3IIXES AND MIXING.
WANTED— Placer properties. Send full par-
ticulars to box 96, Call of flee-.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery, llc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrori. restaurant and pn-
k-»r tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new anl
second hand; we always have a large stock oi
salcon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can «>hip even* thins
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Missicn St., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
PATENTS, ROLLER "BEARINGS.
PATENTS, ROLLER BEARINGS.
The following Patents are for sale:
United States of America No. Particulars.
490839 of 1S93 Roller Bearinjs
507162 of 1893 do. (End Thrust)
50904S of 1S93 do. (Road \ ehicles)
624337 of 1S94 do. (based on British
557042 of 1806 do. «st Cradle)"
based on Eritish
No. 9221. "93.
583965 of 1897 Improvements in roller bearings
612-472 of 1S9S do. and connected
with Roller Bear
* Ings. (Divided anl
ZIg-Zag case).
635S45 of 1899 Combined Straight Bar and
Pip Bearing.
For full particulars apply to
ROLLER BEARING.
Box 6S6, Sells Offices, Fleet St., London.
30 H. P. BOILER and 25 H. P. engine, com-
plete, $300; 20 H. P. boiler and 15 H. P. en-
gine complete, $250; 10 H. P. boiler and 8
H. P. engine complete, $123; 6 H. P. boiler
and 4 H. P. engine complete, $90: also pipe.
fittings, belting, etc. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mis-
sion st. '
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones, $3 to
$150: easy terms: children's toy graphophone*
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAff tf 233-255 Spear St.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exeh.: 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules: gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA. Rambler, Snell. Orient and
' other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larktn st.
FINE counter, 6D feet. In four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hat\ers, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE milts. 110: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
COLLEGE Kennels has thoroughbred dogs and
pups of all descriptions. 113 Halght st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now uady for
mailing. 1C9 Montgomery St.
CHOICE family cow for sale cheap. 3C26 San
Bruno road.
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips. $2 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). ¦', 23 Stockton at.
FULL dress suits. $10. Misfit Clothing Parlors
(upstairs), 23 Stockton st. (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pant3, $2 30. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton st.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Tbeo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines anil
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ,
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
. lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubsciiptions has been established at 1C3S
Valencia st.
3IISCE1.LANEOUS WANTS.
ART stamped checks bought: also documen-
tary and proprietary stamps. Room 1003,
Call bulldlnr. ¦ .
WANTED— At once, old sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A^M^HA 1 TTA^rT6j37~roMPANT! T
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City an-i
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests tn
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.'
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages..............
Undivided interest In real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
. Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3 .,
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortsrased and you need more money
see HERMAN MCRPHT. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing; mercantile and timber
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, prlvatft place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry, .
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 183 Grant ave.. near
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 6C9 Examiner building.
$300— CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate 10 pee
cent discount. For particulars address P. O.
box 47. Berkeley.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 2S Montgomery.
Advances life insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonei.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; mon^y
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room «S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 19 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN ,trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 ParrOtt building.
A — ON real estate; lowest rate: no brokerage:
¦no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts
321 Parrott building. -
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill r. 44, Merchants' Ex.; 431 California.
°2 8 £l?, r i e9 or wa « e3 - no Indorser required. 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
LOANS money on saUry; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building-
low rate. 222 Sansome st-.room 2.
i . FEATHERS REXOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O"Rourke.l393 Valericia:tel.Capp 26S2.
.. ». FINANCIAL. '. ¦'¦"¦¦."*.___;
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation ; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. -Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. -
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT, 6 Bunny rooms and bath just completed;
19 Stanley : place. Inquire 17 Stanley place,
from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m., Sundays Included, oft
Harrlson, between First and Second. ¦¦ ¦ .' .'-
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 y rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. , . , ¦ . : : - - ¦• . "
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath. $12.
716 Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
HAYES, 1751, near Park— Modern sunny upper
flats, 4 and 5 rooms;, bath; $13 and $18.
MCALLISTER, 1909, near Park— Sunny upper
flat, 3 rooms; $9 50; water free. : '
3-ROOM flat- corner McAllister -and -Polk sts. '
Inquire butcher shop. - i
ALPINE. 175— New flat of S rooms with all
modern Improvements; rent $25. Key at 171.
ELEGANT, light, sunny; 7 large rooms and
bath; reasonable. -718 Oak St.. near Fillmore.
FLAT for rent, 5 rooms, on Harrison st., near
Sixth. Inquire at No, 936; rent $18.** -
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; larga
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children. .
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
8-ROOM modern flat, nicely furnished;. will sell
on account of departure. 1048 Ellis st.
PLATS WASTED.
FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms and bath; west of
Van Ness: adults. Box 92, Call.
FRAMES Ap PICTURES. . "
CLYDE L. KELLER7l28-i3oTHayes, nr.V. Ness-
Stylish effects: High-grade work: Lowest prices.
- / FURNITURE FOR SALE. '
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair: factory price.
S2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
3000 YARDS carpet; massive walnut book case;
extension table. D. GREENWALT, 708 Va-
lencia st. ' - ' ' •
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 60, with No. 7
.range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. I FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid tor furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121. Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— 6 WAITRESSES, first class hotel, short dis-
tance, $25. - - .
C..R. HANSEN — CO 104 Geary Bt.
A CASHIER and 2 waitresses, new restaurant,
525 each. ¦ • '• ¦. .
C. it. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— 2 WAITRESSES, institution, $25, board,
room and washing. ¦' »
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES, cooks, houseglrls. second girls,
nursegirls; $10-$35; call and Investigate.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
4 MORE extra waitresses, $1 50 a day, free fare
both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
2 head waitresses, $30; 9 waitresses, first-class
city hotels, $20 and $25; 12 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait. J20. '
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook who understands English cooking, small
i family, $30; cook, German family, $30; 2 sec-
ond girls. $25; German second girl, $20, light
. work;- houeeglrl. country, $23, see lady here;
. upstairs, girl and seamstress, ¦ $25; - nursegirl.
$15; young nurse, one child, In hotel," $10, s!e-p
home. . <
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ........... 335 Geary st.
MISS HORGAN'S, 328 Sutter St.
Cook for small family, German style, $30, see
lady here at 10 a. m..; 3* cooks, city, -$30;
- chambermaid and seamstress, $25; second girl,
for San Mateo. $25; 10 hbuseglrls. $2>: cook
and second girl, city, $25 and $20; housekeeper
for country; 10 waitresses, city and country,
$25 and $20; 5 second girls, $25 and $20; 15
young girls to assist, $15 and $20.
: WANTED — 2- laundresses, $25 and $30; house-
keeper, country. $15; 4 cooks, German style;
cook, uo wash, 3 In family, $35; chambermaid
and waiting, country, $25; nurse, 2 children,
$25; 4 second girls, $20, $25; 40 girls for all
kinds of housework, city and country, $20, $25.
$30; call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st
A-HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Waitress, country hotel, $25; steady job.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay. . '.'
BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
641 Market st
OPERATORS on overalls. Apply HEYNE-
MANN & CO., 9 Hill st. off Valencia, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second. ¦-
EXPERIENCED hands on skirts and waists;
steady work and best pay. MME. LUCIE
PILGER, 8 and 10 Kearny st.
GIRL to run errands; also experienced opera-
tors on Bonaz braiding machines. 121 Post
st, room 31. •
YOUNG girl for general housework In family of
three; must be good cook and laundress; ref-
erences. Call 9-12, 2342 Devlsadero st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
downstairs work; small family. 1918 Jack-
son st. call 8 to 10.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady with 2 years' experi-
ence in* ladles underwear store; references.
3 Box 136. Call offlce. -
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Strong, willing woman to do wash-
ing; German preferred; come early. 631%B
Stevenson st.
NEAT young girl, upstairs work and sewing;
small family; wages $20. 2520 Vallejo Bt.
GIRL for general housework; wages $-25 per
month. 838 Hayes st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work. 126C Ellis st. ¦
GIRL to assist la housework and bakery. Cor-
ner Duncan and Sanchez sts.
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages
$15. 1920 Sutter st. '
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults In fam-,
ily; wages. $20. 1904 Broadway.
GIRL for cooking and housework; references
; required. 1101 Green st, corner Leavenworth;
GIRLS for hand work on corsets at 231 Powell
street. • - . r .
GIRLS to fold paper boxes. 16 Fremont st.
"GTRIs for housework and cooking; small family.
Apply 221 Powell st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; two
in family. Call.l to 5. 2131 Larkin st.
COOK in private 'family; references; wages $25.
Apply 115 Beulah Bt, near Shrader.
CHOCOLATE dipper. 538 Washington st
WAITRESS wanted at Central Restaurant, 1191
Market St. ) .
YOUNG nurse, willing to give baths at pa-
' tients' residence for 50c. 710 Leavenworth st.
GOOD finishers on ladles' tailoring. 1216-1S
Market st. ' ..:.
YOUNG woman for light housework; sleep
.home. '1123 Stelner. st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; $3 a week;
no others need apply.. 631 Clay. st. •: : •- - •¦*
WANTED— A . woman to ¦ work in kitchen* in
¦restaurant. .'113 Turk st.. .. . ..
GIRL wanted for. working. on mangier. French'
Laundry Co., 3372 -Mission st "• ¦ ¦ -¦
GIRL or woman for light housework and care
for 2- children. 728 Ellis, st. ...-.". ¦;. ;
WANTED— Good? restaurant waitress; $7 a
. week.} -7 Taylor st. .'.-. - " ¦ •• ¦ ¦
GOOD neat girl for general housework. 1812
, ; .Bush 6t.-<-v -. ¦. v r> / ¦ .- . .. : , .- ..
FIRST-CLASS-, finishers on coats; . good' pay;
. steady work. '.541 Market st i -: ,!'. .. .-
WANTED— Woman to do plain cooking In
; small family. Sherman House.; 28 Eighth sf
AMATEUR singers : wanted, j I Apply at I Chutes
..-. at 6 o'clock this evening.. -• _ :'-¦..:
STRONG young girl to assist in general house-'
".work. \ 1808 Larkin at. .«-, . . « '¦
HKI,P WASTKD FBMAliR— Con.
WANTED — Nursery governeess to care for 3
children 'and see that they practice their
'music and study their lessons; one knowing
French preferred. .Address, stating natlon-
Y. ality. ability and references, "A," box - 86,
. this office.
WANTED— Students to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, bleaching and dyeing, -in: two
weeks for $3. Boston Hair Dressing College,
520% Taylor st., near Post.
WANTED — Experienced skivers on amazeen
machine; steady work; good. wages. CAHN,
NICKELSBURG & CO.. 115 Hayes st
WANTED— Girl . for : general housework; plain
- cooking, . baking; wages $15. 1216 „ Golden
Gate ave. ' . .
GERMAN girl for ¦ general housework; refer-
ences ; 820. 343 Hayes st. '
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; wages
$20. 992 Valencia at.; bakery. _1
MIDDLE-AGED lady for housework In small
family ; no children. 1309 Dolores St.
YOUNG girl to learn tailoring; good sewer;
, paid while learning. 119 Fifth st, second flat.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on vests.
628 Stevenson st. ¦ •
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negli-
gee shirts; best prices: steady work. LOW-
ENBERG _ CO.. 27 Jessie st.
LADY as companion; good home, fair pay, for
right party. Call after 2 p.;m. at 116 Taylor.
WANTED — First-class finishers on custom
pants; steady work. 411% Kearny st
NEAT. girl, experienced in bakery; no others
need apply; German preferred. 108 Ninth st.
WANTED— Young ladies; good hands at dress-
making. 7S2 Geary st
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. 1
TAILORESS; a pants finisher wanted. 5%
Kearny st.. room 18, top floor.
WANTED— Women for • light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Bt. i
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
-subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ '
HELP WANTED HALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. .... fphone~Main 581S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents
.....ATTENTION. R. R. MEN!
I.... ATTENTION, R. R. MEN!
350 teamsters and laborers, Uklah.. free
75 men to cut right of way, Ukiah free
60 laborers for section, steel and ballast
gangs, free fare, ship 3 times daily
' SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK.
175 laborers to work on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs, at Stockton, Fresno, Ba-
kersfield, Merced divisions.
FREE FARE S.HIP DAILY
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Night watchman, married, city references;
old man as night watchman for a packing
house, country: deck hand for dredger, see
bos» here, $35; ¦ deck hand, Government
steamer $40
•Boy for a country merchandise store; dry
goeds clerk; man and wife, orchard, see boss
here; 16 stablemen, hostlers and buggy wash-
MECHANICAL HELP.
.Rough carpenter, factory, $2 50 day; box-
maker, $2 -day; shingle packer, see boss here;
3 stonemasons, rubble work, $3 50 day; har-
ness-maker, steady job...: $30
: Carriage painter, $3 'day; slack cooper; 2
! ranch carpenters.
¦ Farms, Dairies, Orchards, Fruit Pickers.
75 farm hands, steady Job, $25, $30, $35 and
$40 and fd. ; 15 men and boys to pick fruit,
$30 and fd.; 50 hop pickers; 5 men to work
on a farm, no experience required; 50 ranch
teamsters; 12 milkers; 2S choremen and
choreboys.
LABORERS, MINES, ETC
25 laborers, no experience required, for sur-
face work of new mine {42 and found
15 laborers for a gold mine $60
6 muckers, quartz mine $75
10 single hand miners, north $55 and found
6 miners, $75; 10 drillers and hammersmen,
$60, fare 50c.
10 laborers, quarry work :.%2 day
5 laborer's, Santa Clara County.. $34 and found
5 laborers, brickyard. $30; 175 laborers, other
Jobs :
SAWMILLS. ETC
50 laborers for a large sawmill company, no
experience required, $35 to $65 and found; 10
-laborers to > pile lumber, $60; 15 laborers for
sawmill. Sonoma County. $30 and found; 10
crosscut sawyers $45 and found
" 150 woodchoppers and tiemakers
HOTEL BAKERS. BUTCHERS. ETC....
Cook for officers of mine, '$50, fare paid; sec-
ond cook for mine,. $40, fare paid
Hotel baker, mining town, fare paid; night
cook. Trinity County. \ $40 and found, fare
paid; second cook, $40, $1 fare; third cook,
$35; 15 kitchen hands, dishwashers, porters,
etc.; cook for a boat, $60; 2 third bakers,
country, $35; 4 butchers
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...:.. 104 Geary st
Railroad work Railroad ,work
¦ Free fare Free fare
FOR UKIAH.
100 teamsters ..$2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA.
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a dav
FOR TRUCKEE.
50 mason's helpers $1 75 to $2
100 laborers '. :..... $175
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
100 drillers and headers , $2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers.'. $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM.
50 laborers, section work $1 75
Free fare ShiD daily; Free fare
Horseshoer for railroad camp in Oregon, $2 50
a day. free fare: blacksmith, country shop,
$3 a day; porter for store, country, $50, ee-i
party here; 10 laborers, city, $2 a day; 20
farmers, milkers and choremen. $25 to $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head cook. $50; baker. $40; kitchen hand. $30.
for an Institution, country, see party here:
hotel manager, $75; hotel butcher, $70; hotel
roast cook, $70: broiler, hotel, north, $60;
second baker, country, $35 and fare; laun-
dryman, country hotel. $35: 2 bellboys, coun-
trv hotel, $20 and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 10 COLORED extra waiters: country hotel;
$1 50 day: free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. . ' . ¦ ¦
AT 1HE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third st, near Call bldg. : phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
• UKIAH! . UKIAH!
, - FREE FARE!
BO R. R. laborers, Uklah $2 per day
K0 R. R. teamsters. Ukiah.. ?2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen, Ukiah $2 per day
Free fare to Fresno. Merced and Bakers-
field.
RO shovelers for Santa Fe R. R. : 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R ....$1 75 per day
•-10 sawmill and woods men. ...$60 per month
10 lumber Dllers and yard men...... $2 -a day
Man and' wife, man for general farm work,
wife to cook and do housework. $40 per mo. ;
practical hoisting engineer, country, $3 day.
POULTRYMAN and wife, $50 and found; 8
pingle-hand miners, $2 day and board: 2
farmers and wives, $40 and $50; gardener and
wife for Southern California. $30: farmers,
?25 and $30 and $1 day and found: teamsters.
$2 to $3 and $4 day; ' man about place, $30
1 . and found ; choreman, ' $25 and found ; driv-
S er3 for milk wagon, stablemen and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Rochambeau.
cooks, nlease call at once; second cook for
men, $45: cook and wifp. $60; cook and wife.
SirO; waiter,, country, $35: 2 butlers. $35 and
J40: - dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., B28 Sacramento- st. . ¦ i
ANDRE'S office, 316. Stockton st
who can milk, country place. $30:
gardener and take care of horses, private
place. $25; " choreman. private place. S20;
waiter for hospital. $20: waiter, plain hotel,
$30; waiter, country, - $30; kitchen fireman,
¦ first-class hotel. $30: vegetableman, • $25; nur-
sery gardener, $25; butler, must be first class,
$43: Indoor servant. $25; porter. $8 week, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Steward, country hotel. $K0; bar porter, coun-
try, $25, free fare; 2 bellboys, $12.
ELEVATOR boy,- marine firemen, lumber stev-
edores. Bailors, non-union: no offlce fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, .410. Kearny St.,
room 24.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
. I. LESS, secretary: telephone , Jessie 1176.
"WANTED — A first-class experienced day waiter
for a coffee and chop house; must be steady
and honest; state where formerly employed.
Address box S8, Call office.'
WANTED— Architectural draughtsman with
experience in mechanical drawing: state sal-
ary, experience, etc. Box 118, Call.
WANTFD— A. boy 15- years cr over at WEL-
ISCH'S Trunk and Telescope Factory, 131
Second 'st. ; apply Saturday. :¦.¦¦'¦.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
•good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building. '
EXPERIENCED city rent collector for real es-
tate ' firm : Etate I experience fully., and salary
wanted ; 1 bonds required.- Box 139. offlqe.
WANTED— Bright young. man from 20 t6 w 25
'.¦ ': years of age. . Apply ¦ at HALE BROS. ~Z -.
GOOD ' cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718. Market, st. v; ...... : :
BOY wanted ". In I tailor store; references • re:
quired. 106 ¦ Stockton st. ¦:.'.•-.¦:• ' , -
WANTED — A man to work around the place.
1443 Harrison St. . . . •
BOYS wanted. , HI Clay st.' I
WANTED — A man / or boy .-.with ¦ some experi-
ence- In ; grocery business.- Box 131. Call.
FIRST^waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street/ ;.- ; ¦ . -. ¦ i --' ." .
WANTED— Cooks,' 1 waiters, dishwashers. - por-
,-tera and kitchen help: no fee.' -127 Mason st
KNIFE cutter wanted.* Apply between 10 and
;,'< 11, 65G i Mission St., third floor.
HELP WAXTRH VM.R Co-.
innn mutj wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
"tabSr^E: steady employment; »«*--«.-.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building:.
209 Examiner building.
WANTED-First-class man for * en « r *I™^
about private residence: one who thoroughly
Understand, care and driving of horses: al|O
care of small garden: local references re-
qulred. Box 124. Call office.
WANTED-2 porters. «3 ¦»*'? u S3^ e ta U?
' cleaner. ?15 and found. Ahlborn House. __
Grant ave. j j
BARBERS, attention— To let, 953 Howard st.,
near Sixth; central location.
WANTED-Youns man who n -- c °°. k ,_ t *! 10 , r t t
orders. Capital Restaurant. 206 McAllister st.
GET your, shoes half-soled while lt »" B :J 3c
to BOc. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver, with Tet-
. erences; wages $45 and found. Io07 Broderick.
"WOMAN wants working , partner. 30 Hannah
St., Oakland. Watts Tract.
BOY for printing offlce; $4 week.* 514 Kearny
street. ;
BARKEEPER with good references. 633 Fourth
street. , . '
TAILOR wanted— Young man on fine coats;
good chance to le_rn. 410 Kearny. room a.
SHIRT finisher. French Laundry Co.. 3372
Mission st. -
GOOD barber for Sundays; steady place. 2007
Mission st. -
WANTED— Bootblack. 39</£ Turk St.. barber
• shop. -
WAITER wanted— General work. 37 Eddy st.
BOOTBLACK, first-class, at The Modern, 34
Fourth Bt.
WANTED-Boy 16 years old. Apply at 143
Beale st., between 7 and 8 o'clock.
SHOEMAKER on .repairs; steady work. 563
Mission St., between First and Second.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery st.
NIGHT CASHIER for 29 Stockton st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 25, San Fran-
clsco. CaK
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly:
special inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay gt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GLASS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D.
BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO..
Fifteenth and Folsom sts. •
GENTLEMEN of good address to take sub-
scriptions for a leading publication; nice line
of work: good salary to right person. Ad-
dress R., box 91. Call offlce. . '
LACQUERER and bronzer for chandelier work.
Apply superintendent THOMAS DAY CO.,
725, Mission st.
WANTED — A man that understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Haight st.
A GOOD boy to work in planing mill. Corner
Market and Dolores sts.
ELDERLY man to do . chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
Al RENO VA TORY' pressman; only young, so-
ber man wanted; good wages. -563 Geary st.
BUTCHER boy wanted;. wages $S week. Peo-
. pie's Market, cor. Sixteenth and Market sts.
MEN and 'boys to learn to make shirts ; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg & Co., 27 Jessie.
WANTED— Dishwasher or man and wife for
. same. Apply 13 New Montgomery st.
BARBERS — A four-chair barber- shop for sale
-cheap at 2809 Greenwich st.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes. for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st- "
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st,
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 5S1 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st.. with an as-
sortment of sale horses; also livery and board-
Ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F. •
BRAND new buggy for sale cheap. Address
M. S.. Call brancht 2200 Fillmore st.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
• horses; French" stoclf. Box 6S. Call offlce.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. I laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriasre, saddle, business
• and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
" Co.: he sells too cheap. 64 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
• etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, chea" 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS. '
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230, Douglass St.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let;*send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURMSHED.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished; furnace;
rent $35. 1717 Webster St.. near "Bush.
HYPNOTISM.
SAN Francisco School of Psychology: chronic
¦and nervous diseases a specialty; stammering,
liquor and tobacco habits cured; practical in-
structions in hypnotism, etc. Offlce 504 Par-
• rott building. . . . ¦
LOST AND KOUXD. .
LOST— A diamond sunburst set with pearls,
either on Oakland boat or Hayes st. cars.
Liberal reward If returned to 643 Hayes st.
LOST — Card case containing two five-dollar
bills and ladles' cards. Finder please return
to Information Bureau, Emporium. *
LOST— Diamond ring on 9 p. m. Berkeley local.
Monday. Return to Oakland office Call;
reward.
LOST— Fox terrier, black over one eye; liberal
reward. EDWIN W. JOY. 431-433 Kearny.
I LOST— Near Fifteenth and Noe sts., a survey-
. or's notebook- stamped - "City Property** on
cover. Finder please return to City Engin-
' eer's offlce and receive reward. |
LOST-^ollle dog, 6 months old; brown and
¦ white ring hair, around neck; -point of tall
white: tag 1203. Suitable reward at 24 Beu-
lah st. .
LOST— Engll_r setter dosr. black and gray, with
tan legs: license No. 2463; liberal reward. S.
. R. MOUNT. 826;Treat ave. ¦ ¦ -•
FOUND— Camera, at Piedmont Springs. Sun-
- day. Owner can have same by applying at
2152 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOUND— On Van Ness ave., a purse containing
valuables. Call 1225 Bush st. •
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
: .gold and silver to make new. watch cases.GRAND HOTEL.
P L Hogue, FreBno
C W Shea, N Y
G Watt, Nevada
XV Kearny, Portland
T B Brown, Los Ang
S O Porter. San Rafae
F H Elster & w, Cal
h V>' Winters, Portervl
E Jesurun, Los Ang
H E Glafke, Los Ang
JT K Zimmerman, L Ar
SV C Hall, Salt Lake
KS T Conrad, 8 Rosa
N H Henderson, M D,
Chicago
G A Fink, Crows Ldg
fV F Wallls, Crows Lg
tt H Wallls, Crows Ldg
F Foster, Hanford
E Jackson, Hanford
Mrs H B Gillls. Yreka
M Goldsmith & w, Che
R J Northern, L Ang
PA Stanton, Los Ang
G S Sumner, Claremnt
M Biggs Jr. Oroville
Mrs L E Conklin. Cal
Mrs A D Cutts, Mrysvl
Mrs F A Garfield &
daugh. Pasadena
A Hllson & daugh, Cal
J Watson & w. N Y
H Neuhart. Phlladel
?T Elliott, Salida
T;Harmes, Sausalito
H Levlnsky, Stockton
H B- Gillls, Yreka
££ Rogers &w, L An
t It Van de Putte & w.
Great Falls. Mont
W W Wandesford. Cal
C S Burdet. Victoria.
1 W A Stephen, Victoria
J L Carson & w, Cal
1 A MMcCort, R Bluff
J S Spltzer, Honolulu
T Clarke & w. Placrvll
i C R Van Ordel, Cal
A Delorage, Portland
J F Goodwin. Cal
, N W Gray, San Jos».
Daisy Alford, Visa.Ha
: Mrs A Hardy & dau.
; Plattesvllle, Wls
: IT M Best. Denver -
M E Bennett, S Rosa
P M Babo, Chicago
i L M Davis, Oakland
; W F Cronemiller, Sao
P E Miller, Stanford
: A A Sheppard, Boston
R T Wheeler, Stockton
M G Slddall, Chicago
(i A Boonar. Chicago .
G J Roberts, Lompoc
; f> Grover, Colusa
W F Ford, Colusa
IT L FVank, Colusa
O Robinson, Colusa .*
C S Orton, Lindsay
C Lucas, Chicago '
L S Moore. Seattlo
PALACE HOTEL.
>V H Johnson & w, Or
Mn M Hempster.Beattl
.S H Plnkerton, Utah
F W Stephenson, Oak
F M "Wilbur. Stanford
Mrs J D Schuyler. Cal
A D Llebart, N Y
L R Myers, Savannah
J M Ballerton, N Y
C T Hlnde, Coronado
J B A lex* nder, L An?
A K Macomber & w,
' Pasadena -
Dr and Mrs Macomber,
'Pasadena
O H Shafer, Los Ans
Mlas A Shafer, Ls Ang
Miss G Shafer, Ls Ang
I) P. Doak & w, Mo
T A Johnson & w. Mo
M W Kennedy, Kans
W T Bchnarzenbergr,
Vienna
W A Sherman, Utah
"W H Reynolds, U S N
A Crenshaw, U S N I
A H Stewart & w, DO
J B Olbson, Everett
H J Martin. England
W J Martin, England
Capt & Mrs. R N Tag
ner New Mexico i
A J Breilinjr & w.-Oak
H Boker & w, Berlin
L Heilbron Saoto
Mrs A L 8tone. - Cal
Miss Stone. Cal
F H McCullosh & w,
Los Gatos
Mrs F McLaughlin.Cal
Miss A McLaughlin.Cal
G E Goodman Napa
H H ¦ Knapp, Napa
F E Johnston, Napa
J Flnnell Tehama
J P Smith, Llvermore-
R M Liddell, Belfast
H I> Mortenson, Chicag
L La Flesche. D Cv,
Q L Boothe, Va
D L Donohoe & w. N J
W J Murphy, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs A B HcQee & dau.
New York
E W Hayden, N'Mei
Miss L Perry, N Mex
Miss M Heaslop. N Mx
rj Blain/ Los An* ; -
J Ortley Jr, Alviso
W Page, Oakland -
P de Martin, Ingleside
F Brumena, Madera -
S D Plummer, Denver
iT M Small, Mazatlan
A L'de Mue, S Paula-
IT Alezen. Santa Paula
H J , Thompson. Ogden
'A B Bell. Ogden
F. C Clauson, ¦ Seattle ,-
HOTEL ABBIVAI.S.
Child Born at Sea.
The British ship Celtic Chief arrived
from Valparaiso on Tuesday, and Captain
Jones reported speaking: the San Francisco
owned bark Lord Templetown on August
29, in latitude 39 degrees north, longitude
130 degrees west. The Celtic Chief was in
ballast and making better time than the
Lord Templetown, so the captain ef the
latter asked particularly to be reported
"all well" should the Celtic Chief reach
port first. Captain Jones made the report
as requested, and it brought relief to
Captain McCracken's friends. The follow
ing excerpt ,from the log of the Lord
Templetown will explain the reason why:
"On August 29, In < latitude 3d degrees 3
minutes north,- longitude 130 degrees 5
minutes west, to the wife of Captain
James McCracken. a eon." As ' soon as
Mrs. McCracken is able to- be up and
about there will be a christening on the
Lord Temoletown, but the name of the
baby has not yet been decided upon.
The passage of the Lord Templetown
from Newcastle. Australia, was an un
eventful one. During the first part of th©
run heavy weather was encountered, but
the latter part was marked by light winds
and calms. On July 10 a dead calm pre
vailed and the run for the day is marked
in the ship's log with the zero- mark. '
Water Front Notes.
The steamship Brunswick sailed from
Coos Bay Tuesday for Unimak Pass. She
has aboard' a wrecking plant with which
to salve the rtranded schooner James
Sennett.' : ...
Captain C. E. Hinkle has taken com
mand of the steamer Santa Cruz, and
Captain -Walter C. Bridges of the oil
steamer George Loomis.
Among the arrivals > yesterday was the
British bark Brussels from Lyttleton, N.
Z. - She comes here in ballast - to load
wheat for Europe. « ~*
The Pacific .Steam Navigation Com
pany's Guatemala will get away this aft
ernoon < for Central and South American
ports. -.¦¦-...
The Panama Railroad Company's Leela
naw will not get away for Panama until
Monday next.
The Pacific Coast Steam3hip Company's
Curacao arrived from Guaymas.via Ense
nada yesterday. Among her cargo was
seventy-three- bars of silver and *three»
bars of gold, valued at 583,650. Besides this
there were over 1500 sacks of ore and
sulphates, which the steamer took up to-
Selby's smelting works after landing her
passengers. The ] first and second cabin
passengers were:
First cabin— Mary Wilton. A. •'fie la Vera,
E. B. Arnold, Arthur Applebee,. Antonio de
Applebee. Luis Peterson. Slno Peterson, Julia
de Peterson. A. Peterson. Frank L. Lockwood,
Robert C Kirk. Mrs. Clotllde Wlegand, Mlas
Clotllde Wiegand, Ignaclo M. Ybent.
Second cabin— Victor Lablen, T. Riviere, An
tonio de Riviere and child. Soledad Osuna,
Maria Gomez. J. M. Small, F. Bustaxnante,
Louisa Diai. M. Mlramontes. S. Rivero. K. L.
de Vasquez. Fellpa Vasquez and family, A.
Maralez and A. Ruiz.
Ore From Mexican Ports.
Brings TTp Considerable. Bullion and
ABBIVAL OF THE CURACAO.
T. E. Antonio of Pleasanton, grand president,
third consecutive term; president. T. E. An
tonio, Pleasanton: vice president, T. J. Rose.
Centervllle; secretary. T. G. » Leonardo. Cen
terville; treasurer, M. J. Silva. Centervllle;
master of ceremonies, M. S. Machado, Watson
ville; marshal, J. F. Diaz, Pleasanton; inner
guard. J. V. Deus, Freeport: medical exam
iner. M. F. Silva, Sacramento: directors— M.
J. Lamb, Sacramento; S. Olivelra, Holllster;
M. VVerra. Sebastopol: A. M. Sousa. Watson-*
vlller M. F. Coelho, Walnut Creek.
SAN LEANDRO, Sept. 4.— The Grand
Lodge of the I. D. E. S. of California
was closed to-night with the election., of
the following named officers:
Elects Officers and Adjourns.
Henry Pierce (owner), with Charles F^Sheib
ley! (contractor), architect ' Fred ' B. - Wood — All
work . except plumbing and I painting of three
story frame building (three flats) on' S 'line of
Turk street, * 77:3 ; E of -Webster, E 31:9 by S
98," WA«281; total,: $SeOO.»' , - ., ;,-. ..•:-¦-
William Ede Company . (owner) with W, H.
Wickersham (contractor), architect Albert Farr
—All work for a two-story frame building with
attic . and basement on N line of Seventeenth
street. 100 W of Guerrero, N 115 by W. 60; $5075.
Alice Phelan Sullivan, (owner), with Ingerson
&¦ Gore (contractors), ••< architect - Henry A.
Schulze— Work specified for alterations and ad
ditions to . second story/ of two-story brick
building at 211-213-215 Sutter street. S side, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue ; total,
$3500.' . ¦•¦:¦: ¦ '¦ ••• i - " -¦:¦¦
Claus Spreckels (owner), with L. & E. Eman
uel \ (contractors), architects, '. Reid Brothers-
Partitioning and fitting up for offlce purposes
of second and • fourth floors -of bulldins < on S
line of "Market .street, -between Third : and
Fourth, \W of.. and. adjoining Claus Spreckels
building; total $1592. ¦- ¦"¦. .
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by'Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executrices) to William Oszdorff.
lot - on N line of Dorland street. 138 :0H . E of
Church, E 24. N 162:6, W, 24," S 160; $700.
Maria ¦ R. : Norrls to same, same - (quitclaim
deed); $10. > - -
David and Emma Emerson to Everett' I.
Crane, lot on E line' of Shrader street. . 125 N
of Frederick; N 25 by E 134:8%; $10.
Amy C. .Gouraud (Glllig) (Ashe) to Theodor
and Sophie Blnner. lot' on S line of Fourteenth
street, 130 W of Valencia, W 25 by S 130; $10.
Same to D. J. Shine, lot on S line' of Four
teenth street, 100 W of Valencia, S W 30 by-S
130; $10. • : <-
Caroline : H. and J. A. Robinson to Gustave
L. Bresse. lot on N line of Pacific street 40 E
of Baker, E 26 by N 127:8%; $10. .
Bernard and Dora B. Fayroonville to Eliza
beth C. Lacy, lot on N line of Broadway 195
E of Pierce street, E 30 by N 137:6; $10. >.^
Bewail P. Quint to Belinda W. Quint, lot on
E line of Devisadero street, 100 S of Sutter, S
30 by E 137:6; gift. .
Charles A. and Jessie M. Elliot to Frederick
E. Nelson, lot on N line of Waller street, 35-7
E of Fillmore.V E 25 by- N 87:6; $10.
Fannie L. Kennedy (wife of James A.) to
Anna M. E. Ahrens (wife of A. N.). lot on N
line of Oak street, 82:6 E of Buchanan H 65
by N 120; $10. X. . ¦ '
Marten B. Joost to Anna Joost. re-record
1913 D. 375, lot on W line of Corbett street. 93-8
S of Diamond alley, SW 95:3. NW 135:1 NE
75,. SE 135, lot 6, block 23. Market Street Hom*
stead: also lot on W line of Corhett avenue
43:1U4 SE of an angle In said avenue and 60-2'i
SW of Hopkins street; SE 25:4«4, KW 106-su
NW 25, NE 102:4>i. lot 282 Heyman Tract: girt
Anna Joost to William J. Allan, lot on VV
line of Corbett avenue. 93:8 S of Diamond alley
SW 64. NW-135. NE 50, SE 135. portion lot 6
block 23, Market Street Homestead; $10. 1 -
Tiny Freud and as administratrix of the es
tate of Morris Freud to Moritz Silverman lot
on N line of Hayes street, 80 W of Octavia W
75 by N 120; $23,000. „¦ , ' \
Moritz Silverman to Mary L. Jackson (wife
of Byron), same; $10.
•Charles H. Reynolds to Margaret M. Mc-
Laughlln. lot 8, block 484, Bay View Home
stead; $10. . •
• Ellen Myrick to Hannah Sheehy lot 8 block
7, Holly Park Tract; gift. i
Anna and Charles D. Gushing- to Giuseppe
Brusco, lots 8 and 28, block 483, Bay City Home
stead; $10. .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Frederick T. and
Hanora Wheeler, lot on W line of Tenth ave
nue, 250 N of L street.. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Jane McDonald (wife of Donald McDonald) to
Thomas and Charlotte Johnston, lot on S line
of Farallones street, 180 W of Capitol avenue
W 60 by S 125, block I, Railroad Homestead
$310. •
Jane Cassldy to John J. Casstdy, lot on W
line of Twentieth avenue, 150 N of Point Lobos
avenue, N 25 by W 120; gift . •
ffcsa and J. Werling (by C. H. W. Wahrlich,
trustee) to Wahrllch-Cornett Company (corpor
ation). 1749 D. 75, S line of .B street, 60 E of
Thirty-first avenue, S 169:1 by E 60, trustees'
deed: $700. ' . *.v ¦ ¦ . .
George A., Augusta R. and Francoise P. Brln
to Andrew Ertola and Charles and Caterena
Rossi, lot on N line of Greenwich street 137:6
E of Powell, E 34:4% by N 137:6; $10.
S Emil A. and Katherine Kehrlein to William
A. Stseull, lot on E line of Dupont street 97:6
S of Pine, S 40:10, E 22. N 10 inches, E 38, N
40, .W 60; $10.
Samuel P. and Caroline R.' Blumenberg and
Leslie Nathan to same, same; $10. , -
Guiseppl.and Rachele Peri to Ellen Fragley
(wife of Martin F. Fragley), lot on E line of
Fair Oaks street, 122 S of Twenty-third, S 33,
E 129:3, NE 30:6. W 132:8; $10.
William H. and Clara McCormick to George
A. Dolan. lot on W line of Pond street, 91:6
N of Seventeenth, N 25 by W SO; $10.-
Sara- and R. T. Brodek to W. and Tillle
Klinger, lot on SW corner of Market and San.
Chez streets. SW 83:4, SE 97:6, N 128:3; $10.
Mary Pendola to Peter Pendola, lot on N line
of Eighteenth street, 73 E of Shotwell, E 24 by
N 100; sift.
Joseph and Elizabeth Goss to John Wlese, lot
on W line of Capp street, 195 S of Sixteenth,
S 2% inches by W 105; $10. • .
Michael J. Reilly to Lucy M. Reilly, lot on
SW line of Tenth street, 100 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by SW 109: gift.
Mary J. Olson (McCarl) to. Charles A. and
Mary Donohue, lot on N line of Fell street,
137:6 E of DevlBadero, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Ellen Myrlck to Charles M. Myrick. lot on
SW corner of Pine and Devisadero streets, S
60 by W'100; also lot onW line of Devisadero
street, 50 S of Pine, S 25 by W 100; also lot on
N line of Sutter street, 30 W of Buchanan, W
38:9 by N 137:6; gift. - ~
REAL ESTATE TBAUSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, Sept. 4.— Ldvermore- Valley
ranchers are In bad straits because of the
shortage of freight cars. For three weeks
not a car has been sent to Altamont for
hay shipments. Farmers are trying to
ease the situation by hauling to Liver
more warehouses, but the distance Is too
great to allow of more than a round trip
a day for teams.
From Pleasanton comes the same-com
plaint that shipments of hay and grain
to San Francisco are at a standstill. The
railroad company Is supplying no cars
because ..the. strike prevents rapid hand
ling of shipments in San Francisco, ana
a blockade would result were the farm
products sent to the city. *
cause of the Strike Blockade at
San Francisco.
Bailroad Furnishes Ho Facilities Be-
FARMERS NOW COMPT.ATTT
OP LACE OP FREIGHT OARS
Now, the bridal party has an Idea that
the groom's younger brother and the or
ganist hatched a plot that was only too
successfully carried out.
Whatever happened Alameda is quits
certain that "Just One Girl" was never
played on a church organ at a wedding
before.
Suddenly there was a movement all over
the church. There was something strange
ly familiar about the music that was be
ing played. It did not savor of church
and weddings. It was "Just One Girl"
being played upon a church or
gan, with variations that robbed It of
some of its characteristics, but none of
its melody. The guests smiled and then
tittered and then laughed, for they saw
and heard that some one had been play
ing just a. little Joke on the bridal party.
Then the bridal party entered and the
music changed slowly to the wedding
march from "Lohengrin," but not until
the couple had an opportunity to catch
an idea of what had happened.
The ceremony was quietly performed,
and aa the party left the church there
was a sudden drop from the music of
romance to the steps of ragtime. The
guests ara sure that It was ragtime and -
that they know ragtime when they .
hear it. -
The friends of the coupl© wer« waiting
for the entrance of the bridal party, and
there were only the whispers that will
float about a church at such a moment.
The organ began to play and the guests
turned, expecting to see the bridal party
enter.
The wedding took place in the First
Congregational Church last evening and
was one of the prettiest of the ceremonies
that have taken place in Alameda this
year. The . young couple are very well
known in the Encinal City, and as> they
have hosts of friends the church was
crowded. Rev. Frank S. Brush of the
First .Presbyterian Church had been
asked to perform the ceremony, as th»
First Congregational Church Is at .pres
ent without a pastor.
That was the kind of music that was
served up at one part of the church event
at which Miss Rita Penfleld and Fred
erick Elster became husband and wife last
night. Now the newly married couple- are
looking for the one who put up the joke,
and they think that it has been located
at the door of the proverbial younger
brother.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 4.— Ragtime at a wed
ding-.
Popular Airs on the Organ
' f Before. the Marriage
Ceremony.
Somebody Plays a Joke
at the Same Time
• in Alameda.
RAGTIME PLAYED
AT A WEDDING
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY; SEPTEMBER 5, 1901.
11
BORN.
HUMBERT— In this city. August 31, 1901, to
the wife of William E.\ Humbert, a daughter.
McCRACKEN— At sea, August 29, 1901, to the
wife of Captain James McCracken of the
British bark Templetown. a son. -
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ¦ of flees and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MBRIAGES— DEATHS.
From . the East Indies.
.; Arabia produces the famous Mocha
Coffee, very pungent . and aromatic
in flavor, grown in the famous Mocha
District and shipped from Aden — small
shipments, occasionally come to * this
market, but none of the so-called
Mocha Coffee sold at a reduced price is
genuine. Java produces the celebrated
Java , Coffee, well known for its fine,
mellow, smooth flavor, especially when
blended with a stronger coffee.
Best Mocha and Java
Roast and ground 43c lb., %% lbs. $i.
Genuine Arabian Mocha and Mandehling
Java. .
No. i.. Mocha and Java
Roast and ground 4Oc lb., aj£ lbi. $i.
Choice Aden Mocha and Old Gov. Java.
No. i Mocha and Java
Roast and ground 35c lb., 3 lbs. $1.
Transplanted Mocha and genuine Java.
No. 3 Mocha and Java
Roast and ground 3Oc lb., 3 j£ lbs. $1.
Transplanted Mocha and Padang Java.
Serve . afternoons our 45c Mocha and
Java made in Vienna China Coffee Pot
Oriental Coffees
HENNINGS— REIMERS— In this city, August
31, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First - English Lutheran Church, John C.
Hcnnings and Margaret J. Relmers, both of
San Francisco.
LOWE— HASLAM— In this city, September 4,
1901, by the Rev. S. p. Hutslnpiller, Eugene
H. Lowe and Glenora A. Haslam, both of
Knlshts Ferry, Cal.
PHIPPS— DUFF— In this city, . SeDtember 4,
•1901, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Charles
James PhipDS ; and Jessie Lydia Duff, both
of San Francisco. ... .
MABKIED.
1143 Market St, bet. 7 & 8. Telphone Mint 761
O CEA3ST TRAVEL.
10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Arents.
• . Steamers leave* Broadway
lfc» . ¦ Wharf. San Francisco:
¦BfetHi.-.. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
KM&K. Sept. 4. 8, 13, 18. 23, 28, Oct.
BwHS3§*&afc 3 - Change to company's
KlTsffiTiSra steamers at Seattle.
ff|SiSaH\£il For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KJS&kr^MMl C.) Port Townsend. Seattle,
/ '"•"¦EBSSk Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Sept. 4, 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ;
at. Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4, 9. 14. 19, 24, 29, Oct. 4. , , " .'
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Lo3 Angeles and Redondo (Lo« An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State "of California. Wednesdays, »
a.'m. .
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. - San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harf ord
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalen& Bay, San Jo»e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information, obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice. , ' - .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). >
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.,
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS 2555? 5056
IiOWEST Xt^A.rX'SBS.
STEAMER TICSET3 INCLUDE BERTH »n4 MS4.LJ.
SS. COLUMBIA ...^
Sails Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10. 20, W
SS. GEO. W. ELDER....
Sails Aug. 26. Sept. 8. 15. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.K.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to mT\
points Eost. Through tickets t» all
points, nil ml! "«• «tenm*"ilt> and rail, at
Only Steamahlp Xjln* ««»
O...f?.'A~JV..-CO.
Round-trip tickets at. reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421. Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent
Saturday. November 16, 1901
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogd), Nagasaki and Shanghai 'and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. - •
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU..
AMERICAN LINE.
HEWT0BK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDO1T. PAIML
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept. 11 f St. Louis Sept. 25
St. Paul Sept. IS Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
Haverford ! Sept. 21 ' «»?.. Paul Oct. 9
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland .....Sept. llFriesland ..Oct. 2
Kensington ....Sept. 18Southwark Oct. 9
?Zeeland ; Sept. :5«Vaderland Oct. 18
¦ . *Stop at Cherbourg. " eastbound.
' INTERNATIONAL - NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Untnrn.
QEART, 405. The Navarre— Elerantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated. ¦
GEARY, 1187, bet. Van Ness'A Franklin— Newly
turn, sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HARRISON. 784H. near Fourth— Finely fur^
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like ; $1 week up, y ; •
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing, elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
. 50c per day and upward; special rates by the'
week or "month; best in the city; references;
- take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et. .
JOHNSON House, 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suite;
adults; excellent board grounds ;refs.
LEAVENWORTH, 21»-Nlcely furnished sunny
parlor; running water; grate; other rooms;
no children. ... • ¦¦. , ..
MARKET. 1013 (New Arllngton)-Nlcely fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up. '
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths. \ V
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.: single rooms. $10 up.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references. \ . '--..
McALL.IS.TER, 613— A large furnished front
room with gas; hot and cold water; grate;
large closet; suitable for/ 2; $12; respectable
¦ only. • '
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 776— Large eunny bay-window
parlor; also large double room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, »2 to
$8; month, JS to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot. and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, mi near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room. $3 50 per month.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny, clean suites and
6jngle rma.; run, water; baths; phone; cheap.
STOCKTON place, 10, oft Grant ave., near Sut-
ter— Single rooms from $5 up. /
TAYLOR, 288— House Just furnished new; choice
rooms from $8 uj>.
THE BERLIN. 233 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
GIVH us a chance to make you a comfortable
and cheerful home (room and board In Amer-
ican family) at Swarthmore Hall, 570 Harrl- '
son 8t., Rincon Hill, near business center, for
$3, $3 50, $4, $5 per week; latter price for fine
sunny front room for man and wife or two
ladies; rooms without board $.1 per week up.
Call at once.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
lly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished!
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS WASTED..
YOUNG lady would like inexpensive room in
private family. Box 123, Call office.
BY gentleman, sunny room; running water;
private family; reasonable. Box 135. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.» rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
'DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES ASP STTPPLIE S.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palrlng; lowest ratea. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought.\ sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palrlng; lowest rates:phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st.; tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Bt. : phone Jackson 281.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWrTtERS^w^
eell better machines for f*ss money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. JL.. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60: anti-trust •
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 31 (20 cents
per ehare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the offlce of tht
company, S27 Market St., on and after Tues-
day, September 10, 1901. Transfer books/
closed Wednesday, September 4, 1901 at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16. Eecond floor. Mills building, San Fran-
cisco, Sept. S, 1901— Dividend No. 192 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the offlce of said company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, on Sept.
15, 1901. Transfer books will close on SeSt
¦ 9, 190L at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 83, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per ehare on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia st. t San Francisco, on September 10, 1901
TttW 8 !^ 52°K ks J? Iose Sept - 3 - 1901 . at °°on-
JULIAN SONNTAQ. Secretary pro tern.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTIcT^^EDITORS-In^thTlnatter '7t
the estate of -EDWARD HARMON SHEL-
DON, deceased;
Notice ls hereby given to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the above
named deceased, to present them- within ten
(10) months after the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, at his offlce In
the city and county of San Francisco.
Dated August 12. 1901. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk. By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
J. D.SPHEGXELS k BROS. CO., Ginera. Iganti, 327 larbt St
Ken'l Passengsr Office, 643 Hartal St., Piv lo. 7. Pacifls St
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti........
..........Wednesday. September 11, 10 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
¦ New Zealand and Australia
..'... Thursday, September 12. 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
'..'. Saturday, September 21, at 2 p. m.
0Ce§!llCS.S.C0.SS£
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW XDRr VIA PANAMA. DIRECT.
¦ Cabin. $10* Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Leelsnaw sails Monday , Sept* 0
6. S. Argyll sails , Oct.
S. S. Leelanaw sails - , Oct.:
- ' From Howard-street "WTiarf at 3 p. m. ¦
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Asrent
[C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ! to attend j the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at her
"late residence. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland. . , ¦ • ¦
KNEISCH— September 2. 1901, Jacob Kne!«ch
brother of Mrs. E. - F. Meyer, a native of
Germany. ¦ ,- ¦
LUTTINGER— In this city.. SeDtember 4. 1901,
- at the residence of his brother, 3568 Eight-
eenth etreet, Joseph, dearly beloved husband
,-of Anna .Luttinser, father of Mrs. Captain
Jarnes McKenna, and brother of Catherine,
Emlle. Charles and Alphonse Luttinger, a
native of New York, ased 65 years. (Santa
RcBa papers please copy.) . .
(Cyinterment at Sea View, Sonoma County,
Saturday, September 7. .
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 4, 1801?
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the , funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1514 Jones street, between Jackson and
Pacfflc. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
- tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. - . v
HOFLING— In Haywards, September 2, ' 1901;
Fannie M., belovediwife of Frank J. Hofllng.
and mother of Katie, Frankle and Alma
Hotilng, -. a. native of Philadelnhla, aged 34
years 7 months and 23 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HECHT— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Emanuel, beloved husband of Augusta Hecht,
and father of Jacob and Julius Hecht, a na-
• tive of Germany, aged '48 years and 9 days
\ A member of Schiller Starnm No. 278, U. O.
R. M. . - . .
(^Funeral services at his late residence.
¦ l"St Pacific avenue. Alameda, to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. Interment private.-
FREY— In this city, September 4, 1901, Fred-
erick Frey, husband of the late Nellie Frey,
and brother-in-law of Mrs. Henry Hanson,
a native of New York, aged • 42 years 4
months and 25 days.
HARRINGTON— In this city, September 4,
1901. Margaret A., dearly beloved daughter
of John P. and Mary L. Harrington, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
1 day. , w • - . '
HARTTER— In this city, September 4, 1901,
Walter A., beloved son of Louts and Emily
Hartter, and. brother of Louis H., Alfred M.,
Richard E. and Mildred Hartter, a native of
Han Francisco, aged 22 years 7 months and
21 days. A member of Presidio Parlor No.
194. N. S. G. W.
lETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 161 Prospect avenue, off Virginia ave-
nue, between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth
streets, thence to. St. Paul's Church, where
a solemn requiem.:' mass will be celebrated
for the repose of, her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • - - .
CONSIDINE— In this city. September 4, 1901,
Katie, dearly beloved sister of Patrick and
Delia Considlne, and sister-in-law of the late
•Maria Considlne, a native of the parish of
Rawth, County Clare. Ireland, aged 21 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mans ¦will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. \.
DIXON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 3, 1901, Joseph E. Dixon, a native
of Ireland, aged 44 years.
FOSTER— In Alameda. September 4, 1901. Ar-
thur James, beloved husband of Julia B.
Foster, and father of Kate B. and Winslow
Foster, a native of Dorchester, Mass., aged
62 years 1 month and 18 days.
B-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4111 Twentieth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Marie, beloved wife of M. : D. Cole/nun, a
native of Buda'Pesth," Austria, aged* 37 years
8 months and 19 days. (Bangor, Me., and
Austrian papers please copy.)
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her mother's
residence, 409% Greenwich street. Interment
New Italian Cemetery. - f ¦
CASEY— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of Lucy M. Casey,
and father of May, Nelson S., Martha J.
and Christopher S. Casey, a native of New
York. •
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post T and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held, under the aus-
pic*s of Occidental Lodge No. 23, F. and A.
M. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers.
CARRARA— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Gluset-pina, dearly beloved wife of E. Yanl
Carrara, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years 6 months and 6 days.
|E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 "o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BRICKWEDEL— In this city, SeDtember 4.
1901, C. H. Brickwedel, a native of Germany,
aged 75 years.
BUCK— In this city, at his residence, 1917 Oak
street, Silas M. Buck, beloved husband of
Jennie G. Buck, and father of Lurline L.
Buck, a native of Monson, Me., aged 72 years
7 months and 8 days. • .
ALLEN— In this city, September 4, 1901, Nel-
lie Allen, beloved wife of Lumber Allen, a
native of Maine, aged 58 years.
. ETFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors, of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ARKWRIGHT— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Eliza Arkwright, a native of England, aged
72 years 8 months and 1 day.
DIED.
Allen, Nellie Honing, Fannie M.
Arkwright, Eliza Kneisch, ¦ Jacob
Brickwedel. C. H., Luttinger, Joseph
Buck. Silas M. McCarthy, Grace E.
Carrara, Gluseppina McGee. James B.
Casey, Thomas Messini, Theresa
Coleman. Marie - , Paris, Victor J. A. •
Considlne. Katie ' Powers, Catherine
Dixon. Joseph E. Siess, Georse
Foster, Arthur J. Taylor, Mary A.
Frey, Frederick Wandel, Mrs. Rosina
Harrington, Margaret Weisel, Philipp
Hartter, Walter A. Wolter. Mary
Hecht, Emanuel • ¦
; HENRY, d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERs'
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
:..•., v Telephone South 80.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Ean'Matto County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, :
27 and 2S Fifth st Tel. South ¦ 167.
rOHEBAL DIBE0T0RS ¦ AND EMBALMEH8.
Finest Equipment at' Moderate- Rhtes. '
;EAY -AND E.IVER STEAMERS.
JAMES McGINN^ '
Formerly with • McGinn Bros., has opened'
new Funeral; Parlors at 214 Eddy st beL
Taylor ana Jones. Telephone South '576 '
3*1 vper' V©ar.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
Samuel ;. McFadden, 18 years manager: for
the ¦ United ' Undertakers';., Association: 'M.
J. - McBrearty. . with the ' same , company , for
10 - years ; - P. ¦ F. Green, late- with- J.t.C.
O'Connor & Co., have ¦ opened new; Funeral
Parlors at 1171 : Mission' street; between Sev-
enth and Eighth/ - Telephone South 44. ¦ fflS
NEW.- FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS,
?;(5 a. m..,3:]6 and. 3:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day. .; Sunday, .9:45 a.m., 8:30 p. ra. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon.' C p. m.. except
Sunday.* . Sunday. ' 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* U
cents. Telephone- Main • 1601. ' Landing and of-
fice, pier ». Ml-iEton-tit. 'dork. .HATCH-BRO&
FOR U.:s. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stumers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO '
C0a?A9NI3 GENEBALS TEAN8ATLANTIQH3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.._
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, *2AlU9m
North River, foot of Morton street; *La Savole,
September -12: •L'Aquttalne, September IS; La
Bretagne, September 26; La Champagne. Octo*.
ber;3. . • .-.¦.-.,-.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA;'. 82 Broadway (Hudson ¦bulldingT, New
York. J. • F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all ; Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. '
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
And CIA SUD AMERICA* A D5 VAPOKE*
To Valparaiso, stopping at. Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m. . .. . - -
GUATEMALA.. Sept. 5<TUCAPEL.V....Sept. 23
COLOMBIA.... Sept. HIAREQUIPA Oct. 13
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and ¦ South American passenger " service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama,) Freight
and "passenger offlce, 316 California street '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
Bartholdi's Famous Paintings,
"California of Old" .
— and —
"California of To-Pay,"
Beautifully reproduced in color
in Admission Day Call— out
next Sunday.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
¦ The following i marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: - ¦ ¦ ¦ • '¦ - . .
George W. Hummel, 21,^107 Fifth street and
Theresa H. E. Schmidt, 18, 120 Clipper street
Frederick F. Dunne, 25, 1206V4 Sutter street,
and Cecilia F. Dunleavy, 21, 606 Larkln street.
William Rudolph, . 27, 28 Minna street, and
Helena E. Farnsworth, 15, 28 Minna street.
Edwin V. Schmidt, 30, 622 • Post street and
Charlotte C. Holzheiser, 26, 1625 Vallejo street.
Frederick L. Perry, 25, Occidental ¦ Hotel,
and Mary H. Jouett, 25, Occidental Hotel. -
Henry W. Curtz, 30, Loope, and Nettie M.
Ramm, 28, 436 Fourteenth street. ¦ . -
Christian Camenlch. 29, San Rafael,- and
Catharine . Juergens, 22, : city. ¦ .
William. O. Ogle, 25, Woodburn, Or.; and
Anna. Pichner, 19, 2329 Post street.
John J. Foley, 35, clty^ and Annie R. Buck-
ley, '21, city. • " - • •..":¦
Robert M. Anderson, 23, Presidio, and Ora
B. Cantwell, 22, 512H. Jessie street. -
J. Henry Wood, 21, Happy Camp, and Mar-
garet -E. Carroll, > 21, 645 Hayes street.
• Grace Edna, beloved - daughter of ¦ Edward
and Grace McCarthy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, .aged 1 year 4 months and 16 days.
McGEE— In this city, September 4, 1901. James
Bernard, beloved son - of ;> Rosanna and - the
• late — Bernard J. McGee, and . brother of
Thomas F., Patrick H., John A., George S.
. and Daniel McGee, a native of Benicia, Cal.,
aged 38 years 8 months and 9 days. -
MESSINI— In this . city. I September 3, 1901.
, Theresa Messini, dearly beloved wife of
Frank Messini, - mother of J Edward ! Messini,
¦ beloved daughter of -Mrs. ' Mary "Demartini
and the late Joseph Demartini, and sister of
Mrs. M. Silva. Mrs. Charles H. RossbacK
'and Manuel Demartini and the late Paul
Demartini, a . native of San Francisco, ' aged
26 years 11 months and 2 days. : . - .
fC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral- to-day
(Thursday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from the resl-
' dence of her- mother, 1601 Dupont street.
Notice— A - solemn requiem high ¦ mass will
be celebrated for ¦ the repose of her soul at
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, corner
Dupont and -Filbert streets, commencing at
10:30 o'clock.- Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.- • ¦ - .. . - - . .
PARIS— In this city. September 3. 1901, Victor
J.' A. Paris, dearly beloved • son of Victor
and Madeleine Paris, and dearly beloved
¦brother >of Madeleine M. and Leon C. Paris,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and . 3 days. : - . . '
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are resjject-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at SsKO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33 Valparaiso . street, thence to ' St.
Francis Church, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WASHINGTON, Council No. 4, Young Men's
Institute — Members are hereby notified to
meet at 33 Valparaiso street to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 8:43 o'clock, for the purpose of at-
. tending the funeral of our late brother, Vic-
tor J. A. Paris. Fines for non-attendance
strictly enforced. -By order of
• '.WILLIAM J. DAVIS, President
JOSEPH -F. BOLAND, Secretary.
POWERS— In this city, September 4, 1901.
Catherine Powers, beloved sister of Edward,
John, James • and Mary Powers , of North
Bloomfleld, Nevada County, a native of New
York, aged 53 years.
[C? Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
SIESS— In this city, September 3. 1901, George
r Sless, beloved brother of Jacob and Philipp
* Siess of San Francisco; Henry Siess of Peta-
lurna, Mrs. K. Zange of St. Helena, Mrs.
Elizabeth Fliehmann and John Siess of Ger-
many and Mrs. Charles Haas of Brooklyn,
N.' Y.,' a native of Rhelnofalz, - Germany,
aged 51 . years 7 months and 19 days. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O.
u. w. ;\ - ¦"
(E5"Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
.' fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street, where ser-
vices will be held, under the auspices of the
San Francisco Turn Verein. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street; between Seventh and Eighth. Cre-
mation at I. O. O. . F. Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In Oakland, September 4, 1901, Mary
Ann. Taylor, beloved wife of William Tay-
lor, and mother of John and, Thomas Tay-
lor, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
JCyNotice of funeral hereafter. .
WANDEL— In this city,' September 3, 1901, Mrs.
Rosina Wandel, dearly beloved ¦ mother of
Mrs. A. Bahlmann, Mrs. J. Buck and Henry
Wandel, a native of Germany, aged 74 years
and 8 days.
ICTFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. A. Bahlmann, 6
Lapidge street, between Valencia and Guer-
rero, Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. : .
WEISEL— In this city, September 4, 1901,
Philipp Weisel, beloved husband of the late
Katherine -Weisel. and father of John.
Philipp, George and Karl Weisel, a native of
Oberhesaen, aged 64 years 6 months and IS
days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
WOLTER— In Salt Lake City, Utah, August
¦ 31, 1901, on train en route from Chicago,
Mary Wolter, wife of " H. A. Wolter, and
mother of Herman, Frank, Henry. Edward
and Tlllie Wolter, a native of Germany, aged
B0 years 1 month and 13 days.' A member of
the Third Order of St. Francis and -Altar
Society. , •
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1137 San Bruno avenue, thence ¦ to St
Anthony's Church, Army street, near Fol-
som, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ATJ V JJJtTISETVTENTS.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE,
A. M. SPECK &~CO*n "
6£7 Market st.
Opposite Kearny st,
Real Sstata Agents.
$178,000— Market st, near Sixth; 60-foot front-
age; flne brick building; rents $766. . -
$100,000— Corner; 27JxlS7:«: splendid Improve-
ments; Market st.; rents $361; fine building.
$51.000— Sixth st corner; 1V4 blocks from
Market st; rents $S2S; flne building, f
$56.000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net
$42,000— Sutter-st corner, cast of Jones st;
I frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; SO feel
front
$40,000— Sansome-st corner; lot 70x180 - feet;
rents about $250; want offer. _
$M,030— Devisadero-st business corner; twc
stores and seven flats; rents $305.
$37,600— Ellis st, close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about J2S0O.
$36.000— Mission st, near Fourth; fln« brick
building; one tenant; rent $250.
124,000— Cash Invested In real estate, vlelnltj
Alhambra Theater; will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $330; one tenant.
$17,500— Main et, near Mission; cheapest buj
In this choice district
$15.000 — New PaclSc-ave. flats; unobstructed
marine view; SO ft frontage; rents $146.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale dis-
trict; S3 feet frontage; rents $110.
$7500— Four new f flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence -Jlthln ISO feet Just sold foi
tI2?500. 7
$6800— Corner; S.W. cor. Vallejo and Plerct
sts. ; 46x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights.
$4930 — Two flats, only one-half block froir
Market et; rents $40; cost $7600. /
$3500— A rare buy; 8-room house and lot; one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st
IF you want to sell your real estate, city 01
country, bring It to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO..
702 Market st. S. F.
REAL ESTATE^-COPXTRY — For Sale
FOR lease— €310 acres of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River, Immediately south of tht
S^nta Fe Railroad, and extending for flvt
and one-half miles along the railway lin«
and for five miles on Middle River.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, wltt
large and substantial levees and an exten-
sive system of large drainage and irrlgatlor
ditches. Have six good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground foi
four more housee and barns.
The railroad and river afford direct anc
competitive freight and passenger communi-
cation with Ban Francisco and Stockton a.nt
Intermediate points, by railroad being onlj
a half hour from Stockton and three hours
from San Francisco.
For lease for term of years either aa 1
whole or in large tracts. \
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived nt the offices of the company up tc
12 o'clock noon, Saturday, September 14, 1901
The company reserves the right to rejeel
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO.,
Room No. 6. Tenth Floor. Mills, Bldg.,
San Francisco.
SPECIAL bargain — 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, short dletance from
Marysvllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold In whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City, Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at nn
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
for Information a bargain will be given,
• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— —
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Ranchc
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco ls growing rapidly; locatlor
best for poultry and general farming. ¦ Applj
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or Information.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write foi
free list C. R. WTNFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA^EDA REAL ESTATE.
LOOK— For sale; house and lot, 7 rooms, bath;
2 blocks from Park st. In Alameda; a bar-
gain; must be sold at once. Key at 815 Wash-
ington st. Oakland, owner.
FOR rent, furnished — Beautiful home of 9
rooms in best locality. Apply 1315 "San An-
tonio ave.
BARGAINS: Improved A unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE BOARD AND ROOMS.
LADY having a nice home would like elderly
lady to board; terms reasonable; references.
Adaress C G. P.. Frultvale. P. P., Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL .ESTATE.
$500 CASH, $3 E0 monthly; 6-room cottage and
high basement water In bouse, barn, shed,
fine nursery adjoining; lot 62x340 feet; flne for
chicken run; half block to electric car line
and 2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine
public school; grand view; well sheltered and
level: fronting on main county road; adjoin-
ing East Oakland; price all told, $1600. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh Bt; opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner. ¦ ¦
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of 6 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement; lot SOxllO feet; sunny
elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
ments if . desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this «Property,
100S Broadway". Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
aale or rent Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
A BEARING fruit ranch; must be a bargain;
buildings no object; no trlflers. Send price
A description box 2304, Call offlce, Oakland.
J^rcXjTURE FOR SALE!
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.'
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING"
BRYANT. ttOl. cor. 8th— 2 or 3 front furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
FOURTEENTH, 216— Large, sunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
GEARY. 56*— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor.
GLEN PARK ave.. 6. off Twelfth— Furnished
room; closet sunny. t
HOWARD. 1058— Room and kitchen for house-
keeplng. -
HYDE. 40S — Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping; gas stove; $18; permanent people
only.
McALLISTER, 749— Front suite, four con-
nectlng or less; $12 to $18; modern; phone.
NICE front sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $2 per week. -Apply at
rhoe store. 563 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d.
OAK, 119 — Two sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping; yard, range, gas, 2 beds; $16.
OCTAVIA. 1103, cor. Geary— Partly furnished
bay-window suite with stove, $10. -.
POLK. 10C2— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SILVER, 163. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 123%— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
Mght housekeeping; quiet house; gas; cheap.
SOLAR FLATS, B25 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 6 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; -electricity; janitor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10*4
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;.
large rooms. EOc up; maals. 25o; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
lie to $1 per night; $1 26 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, ninny;
grill attached; country visitors flnd.no place
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25o to 75c, $1 to $3 week.-- - •
3ACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st— 100 newly f ur-
nlshed • rooms, $160 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room; return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central. ¦¦ , • .* ¦
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. ¦ 1364)— Fur-
nlthed rms., suites, single: also nnfurnlshed.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkin-*Sunny front room,
$13; bedrooms. $7 to $3. .
ELLIS, 825— Single and double room;' furnished;
bath; gas;. reasonable. .• %
>.^^^JgggICAXj 1XSTBUMEKTS.
THE TzSco aiAUVAXS MTJSIC CO '¦ ~~
761 Market St.,
Ban Francisco. CaL ¦; W:.
a JlLy* *° Jn C to celebrate our twenty-flfth
r^X^tfl ** * Bhort tlme - ¦** w « "• «o-
of nfi^/ST^f 11 .* .5° ° M> pubUo **»• fla «» t lln *
tv v tiuit have ever *>*« ehown hero.
rt™m^7* .°v a ? VT Doon * sr ** t mmn r nne in-
rtrument* that we are foln* to clear oS bo
as to mik« room for the rood* that are to
*"** - fr *nortly.
ni^ll* to -* n . d let **¦ ehow y° u U"* 8 fln«
w- aUo let "¦ tel1 y° u «»• Price.
«n!^°?K put rrice " la her * *ec*uw *« are
-~™,V*fc t ese 8 P« clal8 •<> el<*e. but don't miss
fwrtfti nM: COme and t * ke «*vanta*«. of tbla
F ° R SNAP HUNTERS.
I 525 "PHfht, *5S: 1 better. *SS. '
Il-o 1^ 18 ' *126. $155. J180, $1»8. %m.
DeStS ™£Z?' S £ eInwlL y. "fr*** 1 "' VoM . Curt**,
ORGANS ' ' tandarl1 ' "M 1 *. 1186^
1 6-stop. $S9; 1 7-«top $44.
i 2r Bt °P- *«: 1 fin. iik« new. JM.
Lh^i^ii JT6 / x "-"top. Llixt rtyle.
Mason & Hamlln. very fine. $150.
«r?i£ ayn !f nt8 - BE^"J. CURTAZ & SON.
14 Om£T? * ?**-, ChJ <*ering Agency.
14.000 sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
A CO P^^*»f urch " ed o« SHERMAN. CLAY &
jJL5;» *>• • whanrd for a new Bteinway
S^^fcM 1 cT
rta <3 £ al * re / co"^ Kearny and Sutter
. TV'irte^h^Oaklano!" 1 " Br ° adWay "*
A iote h i£^ ?***?' uolA by Helne Plano Co -
makes u£u,2T fa ™ OU , 8 and olde8t America^
2*f; lncludlnr Hallet-Davl?: creat bar-
$^i° cl"fcv W , Up: . Bt einway. $1S5 upT Fischer.
S^tKS °* f 5 165: 20 otne ™- rents $» up;
creat Inducements to agents. 217 Geary at.
1 *? 0 "° ld by U8 t^ken back any tlm»
l^wort «1 Tear " and f uU PU"=hase prfce al-
crTr^ * new Peerless Knabe at regular
r?nm\? 0Sts c y 4 >^ nly 2Oa a fla y t0 bu y a piano
T: I> r^£ S ~ St ? :k -v Everett ' Hardman. Packard.
W^ an( \. Cther8: 2° <J»ff«rent factories rep-
n^?r7^.w "JSJ? 8 * 1 * and THE WILEY
fc^J^, E K 93S M « rk 't Et. fopp. Mason):
branch Etore. S51 Broadway. OaJcUmd.
ATTENTIOX, PIANCTBUYERS!
mS? W ' P^? ,M«uzy. Oabler. Lerter. Ham-
«J£? aa oTrlSi* llran fanos to be had new
only at BYRON MATJZY'S. 308. 810. tvt Pcwt.
A 2 S ?. LrU 7 B "sacrifice— Fine larro J-pedal up-
near Lark? 1 vInff cIty> P* O'Farrell st,
ANOTHER ele«n!nr-<rat sale of storage piano.
atyour own prte«: $S lnatallments: no reserve.
VtTLgoys STORAGE CO.. 170« Market st.
ETEIXWAY 1200; Hartman. UOO; elegant new
planog. $150 up. W. C Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano ss (rood as new; standard
rnaKe; * aacrtflce. Hornung'B. 216 McAllister.
AT KKEFFETS. 2J Turk Bt.. near Market-
bfioniager, Schnbcrt and Stelnway bargains.
f?5 AND upward- Fine uprights. PIERCE* 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church st».
LEFT on Bale, $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room tt. 217 Oeary «t.
-* for thia week— MOO piano for JJ75.
ELEGANT new nprlght pianos for rent, $3 per •
mo. SCOTT-CTTRTAZ Piano Co.. B60 Hayes.
gCPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTX.LKR. maker, repairer, t Latham plaoe.
GOOD second-hand nprlrht for Bale cheap.
ECmnTE. 16 MpAIllnter »fc
OFFICES AJCD STORES TO liET.
FINE comer: new plate-rlass front; roorae in
rear: ealtable for druggist. LTON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery Bt.
HYDE a.nd O*Farrell— Fine large corner rtore:
rooms In rear; low rent. LTON & HOAG. 114
Montgomery et.
\ BTORB for rent— W4 HarrtBOB rt., raltabl* for
drefiinnaker or any llrht buslnegs: rest $»¦
OIL.
OIL tank*, second-hand. In good order; all
riwe: cheap. H. B. WHITB..BH Mission »t
PALHISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, sdenttflo palmist; head and face
r—jfilng: letons given. tlT Jones st.
PHYSICIAKS ASD fCRGEO.VS. -
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Offlce and residence.
102m Market tt.. between Birth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all glseasea of the human body: see
tcttlmonlalg at offlce. 11S-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
A— DR. XVONO WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-768 Clay «t; see testimonials at otflce.
PERSOXALS.
HENRY MAYER, tae well-known artist tailor
and cutter, oaa severed his connection with
the HENRY MAYER Tailoring Company. He'
la located at the Thurlow block; the eleva-
tor man will direct you to his elegant rooms;
they are "H. H. G. & F"; respectfully so-
Uofta friends and patrons. H. MAYER.
THE Star Hair Remedy ls guaranteed to re- :
etore gray and faded hair to natural color, '
etop felling, cure dandruff, grow new hair:
not a dye; no stain, grease or oiL At drug-
gists, hairdressers or our office, 3S5 Geary St.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4S95.
REFINED lady of high social standing, ex-
ceptional business qualifications, desires po-
eition of trust with responsible concern la
this city; highest references, securities or
bonds, any amount. Address box 125, Call.
IF your hair ls falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st.. and :
you will not be disappointed ; this remedy is
positively guaranteed ; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, 6llk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
re tes. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland. 1
f COMMERCIAL traveler going to Europe^well
known In Germany, desires to represent any
first-class line; commission or 6alarjl£JBox
27. Call offlce. .
3X> you write ads? Send address to-day .on
your business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
Ohio.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. near Market; 700 rooms 1
25c to II 50 per night; $1 E0 to $6 per week;
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
fl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. 515 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— THE Electric Needle Specialist, MRS. L
BARRETT- WILSON. 1K3 Market St.. perma-
nently removes Buperfluous hair; free demon-
stration.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, ertngle, three-quarter
or double, 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1J10-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
BOWLING— New Fourth-6t. Bowling Alley;
open day and night. 30% Fourth st.
LADIES — Get free trial Dixon's Hair Remover;
permanent. S35 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THE
A* VIDA CO.. 738 Valencia Bt.. bet. 18th and 19th.
CIV LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2ac; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS iair and mom o«>troyea with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
\ OLD gold, eilver. diamonds and precious stones
V bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country ordrrw. OOLDETEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAaiXG AXD TL'RXiyo MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont tt.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS 1
We have wonderful bargains to offer.
$75, $100 to $350— Best ocean boulevard and
level lots near Mission st. cars; $5 monthly.
?500 to $800— Graded and sewered, beautiful
Sunset lots; $10 monthly. 1
Sunset branch office, Ninth art., near H
street.
$400 to JSOO— Richmond lota; HO monthly.
$8200— Two-story residene*, I rooms and
bath. Lftridn et., near Union st. cars; Ux
106 :S.
$1300 to $2000— Elegant tnodarn cottages.
Sunset and Richmond districts: easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room r.4. Chronicle building.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call, on
W. 3. GUNN. CSO California St., S. P. 8av-
inti Union building. : - - ..-
OWNERS of property on Valencia. Guerrero
-or Mission rta. who w|£h to sell call on W.
J. GUNN, E30 California Bt. ¦ ¦
JteIX. ceven and eight room cottages: also two
" flat bouses In block between 17th, ISth, Castro
and Noe its.: M. each, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-ct. can, F. NEL-
SON, builder.The cases against John "White, archi
tect of Berkeley, charged with disturbing
the peace and carrying a concealed weap
on, were dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. White fired three shots through
the door of his room In the Grand Hotel
to show the bellboy his marksmanship.
J. D. Malehein, the bellboy, refused to
swear to a complaint, saying that White
had fired the shots while hilarious from
drink.
Architect White Discharged.
lesple testified yesterday on his own be
half, claiming that he acted In self-de
fense, as he- believed Griffin was armed
and would attack him.
; The lead pencil Industry in Germany Is
reported to be suffering from American
competition.
nual picnic. It Is to be held on September
9 at Shuetxen Park and. promises to bo
largely .-. attended. The proceeds will be
devoted to the building fund of the new
and beautiful church at j Broadway and
Van Ness avenue.
There will be all kinds of games and an
excellent orchestra la to be engaged for
the lovers of dancing. Valuable prizes
for the winners of the games- and the
lucky holders of gate tickets have been
liberally donated by the merchants of the
city. .."•¦ ¦ : \. .-¦ ¦ .
• The committees In charge 'of the affair
are as follows:
. Arrangements— Judge J. F. Sullivan,
Judge John Burnett and Dr. T. L. Ma
honey.
Games— Edward O'Connor,' Joseph Mc-
Brlde and "William O'Nell.
Dancing— James Kensel, Joseph Der
ham and William Walsh.
John F. Coriiea, commission merchant,
was fined $25 by Judge Cabaniss yester
day for violating the game laws by hav
ing more than fifty doye6 in his posses
sion within twenty-four hours. Attorney
Whaley, for the defendant, at once gave
notice of appeal, as It Is his intention to
test the constitutionality of the act.
To Test New Game Law.
Fred Frey. a well-known Police Court
practitioner, died at the City and County
Hospital last Monday from tuberculosis.
Krey during the days in which the late
J. X. E. "Wilson and ex-Senator George
Perry were at the top of the political
heap and doing an extensive law busi
ne&s. was their confidential clerk. Later
on he was admitted to practice In the Su
perior courts, and from that time on he
was a well-known character about thf>
Police courts. Frey*s wife and child died
some time ago. He has no relatives In
California. Five sisters survive him in
New Tork. where he was born in 1S59.
Attorney Fred Frey Dead.
. Herrin quoted a decision from the Su
preme Court, which has decided that a
railroad company is not bound to lower
Us rates on account of farmers not beine
able to make money. He took a few flings
at Attorney Short's figures andvthen
closed the case for the railroad corpora
tions.
Attorney Short will close his argument
for the plaintiff this morning. It fa more
than probable that the Railroad Commis
sioners will not decide the case until the
early part of next month.
"You cannot take a certain rate." he
Bald. "and. make It apply to every case."
Chief Counsel Henin then threw a f»w
words of advice to the oil men gratis. He
thought that the condition of the oil mar
ket showed that there was an overpro
duction and that for a while, until the
price became higher, producers should
combine, make a sort of trust, or else
keep their oil in the ground. He thought
that from Le Blanc's action he had no
real grievance, but that he had gone to
other oil men and told them that he
would try to help them In getting a lower
freight rate.
Benin's Advice to Oil Men.
Henin spoke at much length to show
that the transportation of lumber from
Orejron to San Francisco was not a pay
ing investment in one way. The railroad
company, however, did not give the lum
bermen the same service as it did the oil
men at Bakerslield. The lumber 'was only
shipped to this city when there were
plenty of cars to do the hauling. Besides
the railroad company had land in the lum
ber districts, which It now sold on ac
count of the lumber industry at an aver
age of $6 per acre.
Attorney Foulds In bis argument was
full of reasons why the oil Industry was
not on a paying basis. He said there was
an overproduction of the article, and that
the demand and that alone would make
the price of the article.
In the afternoon W. F. Herrln made the
closing argument for the railroad com
panies. The attorney commenced by go-
Ing into the history of the transportation
of oil from its infancy. He told how a
low rate was made from Los Angeles to
this city for oil. It was done, he ex
plained, so that the Southern Pacific could
protect Its interests, it being threatened
with a low rate by water should it fall
to make a low rail rate. He followed by
saying that the attorney for the plaintiff
had no right to take the charge for the
transportation of lumber from Oregon to
San Francisco as an example of a low
rate.
Foulds Cries Over-Production.
The attorney closed his argument by
eaying that oil men did not want a re
duced rate and the railroad companies
could not haul oil from Bakersfleld at 25
cents a barrel.
The most Interesting; part of Attorney
Norton's argument to the Railroad Com
missioners was an account of how oil had
been substituted by the Santa Fe system
for coal, showing what a vast amount ot
money had been saved by the change. It
clearly demonstrated that the use of oil
as fuel for railroads was a clear matter
of economy. The attorney stated that the
Santa Fe in the past had paid $6 a ton for
coal. When it substituted oil for coal a
vast amount of money had to be expend
ed in putting new lire plates and pans into
the locomotives. It paid and still had a
contract for oil at $1 a barrel. Four bar
rels of oil were equal to a ton of coal, so
In every four barrels It saved J2. Attor
ney Norton said that from the . first the
railway company had * saved $40,000 a
month.
Attorney Norton, In continuing his ar
gument, said the testimony In - the case
had proved that the oil Industry would
not be Improved by a reduction In the
present rate between Bakersfleld and this
city. He also wanted to Impress upon the
Railroad Commissioners that the rate
was most generous. It was even, so Mr.
Eproule had said, on the stand, "the low
est rate in the State."
The case yesterday was devoid of any
dramatic or sensational developments; In
tact, it appears to be of little Interest to
oil men throughout the State, as they are
conspicuous by their absence.
Railroad Commissioners In the oil rate
case. He closed In an hour and was fol
lowed by Attorney J. E. Foulds of the
Southern Pacific. In the afternoon Chief
Counsel Herrin took the floor and made
the dosing argument for the railroad peo
ple.
Attorney Norton, representing th« Santa
Fe Railway, continued his argument at 10
o'clock yesterday morning before the
Norton Tells of Saving to
Santa Fe by Use of
m Petroleum.
Immediate Forming
of a Trust.
Suggests to Oil Men the
HERRIN CLOSES
FOR RAILROAD
?Mexican War Veteran Is Stricken.
William Muhllgr, a veteran of the. Mex
ican "War and a member of the Exempt
Firemen's Association, who resides • at
722% Minna street, was stricken with apo
plexy as he -was walking along Ninth
street last nifht. He was taken to the
Emergency Hospital. Owing to his ex
treme age it Is expected that the stroke
will prove fatal.
Because her husband threatened to re
move the furniture and leave her Mrs.
Mollle Relly of 115B Langton street swal
lowed a dose of corrosive sublimate with
intent to commit suicide. She was removed
to the General Emergency Hospital,
where she was relieved of the poison.
Mrs. Relly complained to the hospital at
tendants that her husband treated her
cruelly.
Swallows a Dose of Poison.
Three rousing 1 cheers for Father Cullen
were given at the close by the Juvenile
contingent, which crowded the rear of the
hall.
A club to be known ¦ as the Mountain
View Club has been formed by about 100
members of the parish to assist Father
Cullen in erecting a church. • <
Lastly you have come as the pillars of the
parish, you who bear the church's burden, to
show your appreciation. I thank you one and
all, and in you, all the people of this parish.
I wish you from my heart every happiness and
success in every undertaking, spiritual and
temporal, and I bid you all an affectionate and
fond farewell.
The Rev. Father Lagan expressed his
regret at losing his valued assistant, with
whom he had been associated for the past
five years.
The many testimonials I have received from
those connected with the church render it
more difficult to break the union that has ex
isted between us for five years. The altar
boys have shown their affection by presenting
me .wltj} an outfit for the altar. The boys
of the vesper choir have also given evidence
of their love and esteem. The Ladles' Sodality,
of which I had charge, has also shown its ap
preciation, and to them I feel deeply grateful.
The boys of Company D, League of the Cross
Cadets, have been so dear to me that our
parting is more in the nature of a family
separation than that of friends. I learned to
love and ilka them. Their manliness and up
right, straightforward manner I always ad
mired. And If I had five years more In Bac
red Heart Parish it would be a repetition of
the past, and I would never regret anything
I could do for their betterment and success.
I feel that it was not necessary for you to
assemble here and give expression to your re
gret at my departure, for I have already had
ample proof of your sincere regard for me.
It Is needless to say that I appreciate your
gracious donation. If money were a test of
friendship, you have given me a strong proof
of your affection. From the parish as a whole
I have had nothing but kindness without stint
or limit and therefore my heart is a well of
gratitude and words fall roe to express my
appreciation.
Mr. Chairman and kind friends: I " thank
you and the people of the Sacred Heart Parish,
In whose midst I have been working for the
past five /years, for this token of friendship
and convincing proof of your appreciation of
the work done while here. I must Interpret
your presence here this evening as a sanction
and approval of my labors for the past five
years. Tour kind expressions make it diffi
cult for me to find words to thank you as I
desire. Had I been permitted to leave the
parish quietly, as I came to it. I would still
consider myself as parting with the dearest
of friends. Your kind words in my regard
will serve as an incentive and encouragement
in other fields. Whenever I asked your co
operation to parish work given to my charge
your response was prompt and your generosity
In keeping with the demands of the under
taking.
Reference was made to the high regard
in which Father Cullen was held by every
one, and Meherln concluded by offering
the departing priest a purse of nearly
$1500.
Father Cullen was greatly overcome,
but finally voiced his thanks as follows:
While your removal from Sacred Heart Par
ish may be deemed advisable by those under
whose directions It Is about to take place, I
speak for a great maay*of the church mem
bers of this parish, and positively for my
self, that your removal is very positively
against our wishes. We regret it very much,
and our hope is that the members of the par
lsh to which you are about to be transferred
will appreciate your eelf-eaciindng and kindly
nature as we do. To know you insures love
and high respect for you, and the more inti
mately you are known, the greater the love
and the higher the respect. Self-sacrifice for
the comfort. Instructions and advantages of
others has been tb» constant practice of your
life. Tour sermons, your private advice and
conversation, have been alike and uniformly
pure, simple, eloquent, instructive, convincing,
and so practical u to be useful to all who
have had the advantage and pleasure of either
hearing you or of coming within the Influence
of your presence.
M._ Meherln acted as chairman of the'
meeting. When Father Cullen entered the
hall he was greeted with great applause.
The address read by Meherin voicing the
sentiments of the parishioners was | In
pert: /
As an additional source of pleasure to
those present Father Hugh Lagan, the
pastor, returned unexpectedly from a trip
to Salt Lake City.' He said "he had read
In the Morning Call while there the first
announcement of Father Cullen' t appoint
ment. .¦ . • • ¦¦
As a testimonial of the high esteem In
which th« Rev. John J. Cullen is held by
the people of Sacred Heart parish, a testi
monial and handsome purse was present
ed to him last night by the gentlemen of
the parish. Father Cullen has been ap
pointed pastor of the newly created par
ish of Mountain View and ; Mayfleld, and
leaves to-day to assume his new duties.
Token of Affection Takes the
Form of Substantial
Testimonial.
Members of Sacred Heart
Ghurch Honor Popu
lar Priest. ¦!
FATHER CULLEN
RECEIVES A PURSE
Five of the new locomotives will burn
oil and will. be fitted with Vanderbilt
boilers and corrugated flues In place ot
the old style fire box. These flues will b©
much the same as those now in use on
marine boilers, and It Is expected they
will be able to withstand the expansion
and contraction consequent on .the flerco
heat they will conduct. The trouble with
using oil In the old fire boxes was that,
being joined and riveted, they would not
give without opening. The oil was served
by the means of a blower, and this pro
duced a blast heat that . the boxes could
not stand. The consequence was r, they
were continually leaking and the repair
expenses were something enormous. The
new flues are* all of one piece and their
corrugation is expected to give them the
necessary expansion. Kruttschnitt said
there would be no saving on fuel, as the
oil was, if anything, a little more ex
pensive than coal. The saving will como
in on the fewer repairs made necessary.
The rumor that was current yesterday
that Assistant Passenger, Agent James
Horsburgh, who is 'now with E. O. Mc-
Cormick in Chicago, would return from
his journey as assistant passenger traffic
manager is contradicted by -those who
are in a position to know. | Horsburgh has
been summoned to, Chicago with E. L.
Lomax, genera] passenger ; agent of the
Union Pacific: D. E. Burley of the Ore
gon Short . Line, and A. L.» Craig of the
Oregon Railway- and Navigation Com
pany to confer with Stubbs, McCormick
and the Eastern passenger agents of the
Harriman lines regarding the advertising
end of the business. The idea is to , 'put
the advertising business of the entire syn
dicate on a general basis and to do away
as' much as possible with conflict in' the
issuance of -reading matter. ¦
When seen yesterday Kruttschnitt said
that the first of the 103 new heavy loco
motives that had been ordered by the
company had already been delivered, and
it would only be a short time before the
entire number would be in active opera
tion. These engines will be used on the
entire line from Ogden to San Francisco
and to New Orleans. Seventy of these
engines are freighters, eighteen are
switchers and the remaining fifteen are
the heaviest ten-wheel locomotives In the
United. States. .
General Manager Kruttschnitt, who has
lately returned from a tour of inspection
over the road as far south as New Or
leans, looks with favor on the innovation
and is hopeful that the test will prove
satisfactory and result in a great saving
in locomotive repairs, particularly In re
pairs made necessary by recurrent leak
ages of fire boxes.
Within the next few weeks the South
ern Pacific Company will make Its first
experiment with oil-burning engines. The
question of burning oil In locomotives has
been under discussion by the heads of the
operating department of the great rail
way corporation for some time, and now,
on the . recommendation of Master Me
chanic Small, the actual test is to be
made.
Railroad to Experiment
With Five Vander
bilt Boilers.
READY TO TEST
NEW OIL ENGINES
Arrangements Being Made' for Picnic
of Parishioners of St.
Brigid's. ¦•. *
The parlshloherB of St. . Brlgld's . are
making great preparations j for their an-
The preliminary, examlnatio'n ot George
D. Gillespie ion .the charge lof murder for
shooting 'and killing William F. Griffin, a
roomer, in 'his house on Ninth street on
August 50, was concluded before ; Judge
Conlan? yesterday and the Judge reserved
his decision > till: to-morrow morning. > Gil-
Gillespie's i Examination ' Closed.
MLEBJRY TIME £ PROMISED .
. . AT SCHTTETZEN PARE
Every original package of Jesse Moore Whis
key is - guaranteed absolutely pure by Jesse
Moore Hunt Co. . . / •
The body of Mrs. Yani Carraro, wife of
a cook, who died at 266^4 "Natoma street,
was taken to the i Morgue- yesterday at
the Instance of an undertaking firm. . It
was hinted that the death .was- of a sus
picious character and not . the ¦ result of
natural causes. An autopsy I performed
last night 1 dispelled " suspicion, it being
found that the woman died of cirrhosis of
the liver. . ' - ~ .
Autopsy Dispels Suspicion.
International complications will hardly
arise, Ruef says, . but If they do and a
French 3 battleship, should .be seen at
anchor some morning in the harbor It will
surely have come to enforce an indemnity
claim for a new suit of clothes preferred
by Henry Dellemange, Consul General of
France. '>>:•>;.* ' ¦•: ? v
Henry Dallemagne, Consul General of
France at San Francisco, will set awhlrl
to-day the machinery of the law that
Process Server Joseph Kelly — may
bo subdued. If Kelly Is not Bub
dued — forced \ to realize his position
and the dignity that attaches to the
office of Consul General of France— a rup
ture may result between two nations that
have been allies since the Immortal
Lafayette drew his sword in defense of
American liberty.
Dallemagne fell Into the hands of Pro
cess Server Kelly in front of the French
consulate at 316A Post street late last
evening. Kelly.' It is said, almost ripped
the clothing from off the body of the
French official. Dallemagne was angry.
He sought out his attorney, A. Ruef, and
laid the case before him. Until far into
the night Ruef scanned the pages of the
compiled treaties, studied up International
law invented new modes of torture; and
in imagination saw Kelly suffer in seven
different ways..
One Escande has a judgment against
Charles L. Tamm, secretary of the con
sulate. Under the direction of Escande's
attorney the Sheriff was called upon to
serve an order of examination upon
Tamm and to summon Consul General
Dallemagne to court. Dallemagne stood
upon his legal rights and remained In the
consulate. The Sheriff's attention was
called to the fact that he was without
right when he issued the summons. He
forthwith apologized. Consul General
Dallemagne thought the matter , was
ended, but he did not count upon the pro
cess servers. • When they became too
numerous he called upon the District At
torney and was guaranteed protection.
¦ But the District Attorney was powerless
to stop Kelly. He lay In wait for hours
for the Consul General, and finally, seeing
him emerge from the door of the con
sulate, rushed upon him, "and," says the
Consul General, "ripped my coat to tat
ters and thrust an evil odored paper, in
my hands." .
Kelly hurried away, but was followed
by an attache of the consulate and forced
to give his name. Dallemagne . drew bis
tattered coat . about him and hurried to
the office of Attorney Ruef.» Then Kuef
went to work. The attention of the Sec
retary of State will be called to the out
rage, he says, and, furthermore, Kelly
as best bents a. case of battery, as Ruef
characterizes It, will appear before th«
bar of the Police Court to make his de
fense. . - . ; "
Coat.
Process-Man Kelly Rips
and Ruins Official's
FRENCH CONSUL
SEEKS REVENGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ SEPTEMBER 5, lyoi.
12
SPECIAL SALE !
TgUBSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
cause' t E^.SSP 0 JK»™?b2
ROASTED FRESH. KEPT FrLh
TIME. TASTES raESH^ALlT TOB
COFFEE, Ideal blend ft 2ft,
Roast or ground.
Regularly 30c.
CREAMERY BUTTER n 2 5o '
Extra fancy Quality.
u SL s r- ¦> — «•
• Unequaled for quality.
Regularly C for 25c
SWEET CIDER galloa 40 <,
This season's new appla elder
Regularly 60c.
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUIT3...pkg 12X«
A health food for weak •tomacha
Regularly ISc.
ALMONDS .. g n, 8 25«
Paper shell.
Regularly S Iba Mo.
TABLE SYRUP gallon 50o
Fancy Eastern syrup.
Regularly 75a.
0 Z WHISKEY....bot 75s, 3 bots $3, gal $3
Ag« and quality guaranteed.
Regularly $1 and H
CIGARS, "Rosa do Santa 01ara"..eaci 12-^e
A six-tnch clear Havana
Key West cigar.
Regularly t for 60c and $3 SO a box.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED— CATA*
LOGUE FREB.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN S523. '
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
J p- Sr^v^*"" 1 °r- \
{&*~ J&XXZes cct d/ti/rrtc^:
1 We carry a magnificent line of Li-
brary and Center Tables in polished
oak and cherry. They are beauti-
fully carved and finished. Brass
i claws hold the large glass balls upon
i which the legs rest. Prices mod-
Jerate. So are the prices on our whole
Aline of house furnishing goods.
\ THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.,
\IOI7-IO23 M'ISSI ON STREET
I • Above Sixth. Ban Francisco. +
1 We dose at 8 p. m. every «ay but Saturday. l< »
p Sketches made especially for
| The- .Call r by -Martinez, the
;,; artist [ whose, , work.^received
distinct mention ¦ and prize in
*. the Paris Salon— see next' Sun-.
V day's Call. . '; »t^ •¦; "^. :; ; . .
Bat. Taylor and Jones.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
Twenty -.Years' Experience.
-Patients' may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building.
105 EiiU st., near Powell. Hours, 10 to U
a.:m:."2 to 4, p. m. /.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
Late Superintendent Physician City
, and County Hospital. .
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF,
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
OKr* For BOYS'- WHITE SAILOR
¦fcO^ BLOUSE WAISTS, trimmed • with
embroidery, .all; sizes,^ worth from 50c to
75o— slightly mussed from handling.'
500 Sample pairs of WOMEN'S and CHIL-
DREN'S HOSE, lOc pair; worth double.
5OC ON THE DOLLAR.
Consisting of WOMEN'S, GOWNS, SKIRTS,
CHEMISE. CORSET • COVERS AND
DRAWERS— about 200 garments In all—
:your choice of lot at . . . ¦• .-,is
A DRUMMER'S SAMPLES OF
--. MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
We've, placed > on our Embroidery Coun-
ter this morning about 3000 yards Embroid-
ery and marked them : to sell at 4c. Oc,
8c, 10c, 12c and IBe yard. When you
¦ee these -Embroideries -you' II tell, us they
are, worth: twice the money. ¦ * ' , •
EMBROIDERY SALE.
¦ Another one of our Wonderful
Values in* Women's Silk Waists.
Our New York , buyer ' boueht about 10
dozen by chance— all of them the very, lat-
est creations and newest col- «t O <+7 PS
ors; $5.00 quality. On sale.... €J>^5» C *3
OHTf. WOMEN'S ACCORDION PI-A1T-
OO W ED UNDERSKIRTS— all colors.
Regular price $1.00. |
ftK/> For $ 1.25 MERCERIZED SAT-
UUC.EEN UNDERSKIRTS, .flounce
lined jLnd trimmed with three small ruffle*.
7R/, For 91.25 WOMEN'S MERCER-
* *'w IZED BLACK SATEEN WAISTS,
entire front and back tucked, newest sleeve.
CHILDREN'S BONNETS— Many worth
from 75c to $1.00. Choice of lot Q=r>-»
on sale at . . OOt*
Another sample of WOMEN'S. WALKING
, SKIRTS, worth from $3.00 to CI KA
J5.00. On sale to-day at tJ>I«UvJ
nf\s* For 91-BO WOMEN'S WHITE
OvFC INDIA LINEN -WAISTS, beauti-
fully trimmed, sizes 38 to 44 only.
PZfin For choice of about 4 dozen WO-
Ol/C MEN'S PERCALE WRAPPERS—
Worth from $1.00 to $1.50. •• "¦
75!/, For WOMEN'S F LO UN CED
I UW FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS —
sizes 32 to 44; sold elsewhere $1.25.'
STILL GREATER REDUCTIONS
TO-DAY.
Continuation of -Yesterday's
Successful Sale.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
First Showing of the New Millinery
' We want every woman In San Francisco to enjoy it— 'and profit by 3t. That's why we've gotten ready sp early— gotten
such variety of everything— and taken rsiach pains to find out that It's all correct.
Now, come, look, drink in the beauty TO-DAY, TO-MORROW; SATURDAY. You won't need your pocketbooks.
•\u000a* Why shouldn't Hale's lead? ~ but ofhi S hest importance, are our own creations-if* — — |
AnAiu* No one has had a better chance to stud y yp«-to find out we didn>t point them out y° u ' d think they werc im p° rted - Reall y- " * y
AUAIJi w hat you like, than we have. No one can work harder toward lf the y were marked the same you'd buy ours as quickly as those o 1 1 LL LA-
TO THE this end than we do. No one is in a better position to get what we had to get across the water — twelve dollars with us gets as POSITION
FRONT. yo« want than we are./ much as twenty would of Paris productions. 'Tisn't every woman OMO - 0F u - Bn .
¦ .>>.,'• n/fnt hit HIT.
* — — * These are .hats best suited,to San Francisco wpmen-for who cares that much about st y le - Yet for those who do we've a* k
women here have tastes all their own. •, choice collection up to $30.00.
Our Millinery Buyer is.a Californian. Her life training in We haven't let costly elegance blind us to the more modest
yourmidstis worth a good deal.', She -knows your, tastes better and commoner-priced affairs. There's refined beauty 'at every
than any one else can know them. - To g-et even closer to the '. * t e- t~i_ v ji «^ rrt_« 1
hearts of her feminine public she meets the customers herself Ste^-^°° §&M of fashlon V form '
She finds out from you what you like— and gets it. She takes andcoIonn g 1S sufficient to meet every taste and fancy,
your ideas and goes right to the fountain heads. It's a fashion show worth seeing — fine and broad and sug- '
* She spends days and weeks seeing and^gathering what you gestive. All that is newest and best will be shown at this time. I
like— and spreads it out here before you to take in in a few min- . No season bHate years' has been richer in promise of ele- :
til ~f "'"'From Paris come hosts of charming styles-^the Gains- refincment in both StyIc and matcrials than this sca -*- ! f
THE HATS borough, with its sweeps and curves, or the dashing Napoleon, SOn * -'-'i -J . rnn um-tq
HAVE AN that takes one back to tn e 1783 period. ' Our leaders have made a close study of har- u nMio
The Yankee takes a more practical view of . mony in every detail. The result is most gratifying. BETWEEN
INDIVIDU' things. His conception of style is seen in the ffl *&&^^^ There is a rare blending of color and ma- $5 AND
ALITY. Toques and Turbans. Their characteristic feat- W]M^^^^^^ terial, and the making of milady's hat is not its $1Z QQ
k __J.ures are originality and refinement. &^OgoiH* oooo*^ least important feature, . I vtUmUU '
ynninmiR^T^/minuiuinEfr
5 pall \ z
I Millinery |
§ Opening S
I To-Day 1
| Friday and |
| Saturday =
Z The exduslveness, beauty, jjj
2 style and elegance of our 5
Z new millinery will repay £
jjj your visit. K
2 jTitiiiiimminumiiMMnjTVC
|f THE LEON MILLINERY CO. 1i
| 943 MarKet SL Lud ZobcL s
¦ ¦ i a*
Wuniiiiunitniiiinnmnmi\Si
i^^^/ NO MORE I
S^iBRilF^ DENTAL I
§/\\ V^S CHAIR! I
1 "VAN VROOM" 1
1 PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, |
i (001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. J
\tj We have struck a popular chord in our $3.50 I
I DEPARTMENT of shoes for men and women. By offer- E3
H ing at that price a shoe far superior in style and smart K9
H appearance and equal in quality of material to many m
1 higher priced shoes sold elsewhere we place within mm
| reach of all footwear that meets every requirement of IJr|
I fit, comfortable wear and the latest fashions. We are g|
| pleased to announce that the last shipments to us I
| comprise effects in new shapes and materials that are l||
I even more attractive than those that have proved so Mm
a satisfactory to our patrons. Call and we will give you If
|1 just what you wish in shoes for $3.50. SB