PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 171.
SAN FRAN CISCO, MONDAY, MAY 20; '3 1 90 1 .
A FEW INCIDENTS OF THE FIRST SABBATH DAY SPENT SY PRESIDENT McKINLBY IN THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The Rev. William Rader of 'the Third
Congregational Church took for the sub
ject of his ; sermon - yesterday morning
"Our- President; and the Lessons of His
Tour." A large congregation was present.
Dr. Rader said: : .' ;•. : . ; > ¦ '.
I proposse this morning to talk to you about
President McKinley, who has been Justly called
"the first -citizen; of the United -States." -I
speak as a citizen. ' ' .' . • -\
In such a. time as thls.lt is not inappropriate
for the pulpit- to give expression .to. its. views
upon the character and career of one who is
at the head of our Government. ' The tour of
triumph which has been so" suddenly inter
.jupted will be remembered as one of the most
remarkable in history. The Roman eagles never
flew as far as the Presidential train has trav
eled : the King of England could not go \ so
far in a straight line in his own possessions:
the Queen of Sheba did not have such a tri
umphal tour. ' and the travels of . "Washington.
Lincoln and Grant did not create more gener
ous appreciation. This -tour has been marked
by enthusiasm. / A -wholesome^ enthusiasm does
for the body politic what the ceaseless motion
of the waves does for the sea— it purifles ac
tion, eliminates • the dross. : Enthusiasm; stirs
the nation's blood: and gives health and vigor
to the republic. '¦'¦• :. •
"The reception given the President has been
as Text of a Sermon.
Rev. Dr. Rader Uses President's Trip
LESSON'S OF McKINLEY'S TOUR.
he was to be honored -more In his absence
than if he had been present.
The Embassadors met yesterday at the
residence "of 'the German Embassador ' to
determine what attitude"; to adoptiin" view
6f the complete Vublhisslon of the Sublime
Porte.'" '-¦>'•¦ ,'1 "• .
< It Is understood tne German Embassador
considers 'the incident ; closed. ;; The '* other
powers decline', to] regard a return 1 . to] the
statu quo ante as'an adequate settlement;
and. the British;;;: French V and
Embassies have even ( declined | to j transmit
the explanations of Tewflk " Pasha' to their
Governments* v , .^, . .,.•
CONSTANTINOPLE.- May , 19.-Ahmed
Tewflk Pasha. Ottoman ; Minister, of -For
eign Affairs, called ,upon ' the - Embassa
dors and notified^tliem of ;Tufkey's "desire
to re-establish . the ' statir quo ante In the
postal Question and her. intention , to ¦ send
a high functionary.: to apologize for the
violations of the foreign mail, bags. ;
Embassadors Demand Some
thing More Substantial
From the Porte.
APOLOGY OF TURKEY
AWAITS THE POWERS
vated Tract.
TRACY, May 19.— The .levee on the Fa
bian-Bell tract gave way this morning.
The tract consists of 7000 acres and is the
one that was flooded In February. The
levees were then rebuilt, over half of the
tract was reseeded and 700 acres in sugar
beets planted by the. California-Hawaiian
Sugar Company. This flood will end oper^
ations for this season. The McLaughlin
tract; adjacent, is still in tact. The coun
ty road between here and Stockton is im
passable. Several small ranches are flood
ed. The. water continues to rise.
Celebrate Commune Anniversary.
PARIS, • May 19.— The revolutionary
groups celebrated as usual to-day the an
niversary of the. commune, marching in
batches to the cemetery of Pere la Chaise
and depositing wreaths at the foot' of the
well "where j the communists "were shot.'
Stringent measures were taken by the po
lice to preserve order, j and a number of
demonstrators who shouted "Vive la Com-,
mune!" and "Vive la Revolution!" were
arrested, , though most of them [ were .re
leased later. -
Death of Prominent Discoverer.
FAIRHAVEN, Mass., May 19.— "Weston
Howland, the discoverer of the '' method
of refining petroleum, died to-night, aged
86 years;- -<••..
New Levees Give Way and Water
Pours Into an Immense Culti-
EANCHES ARE FLOODED
ON LANDS NEAR TRACY
¦At Shale. Utah, Frank 1 Mancaso, a
trackwalker, . went asleep" on the* tracks,
was struck by (a passing train ¦ and was
instantly killed. , His relatives ; reside in
Grand Junction, Colo. -y\^
SALT LAKE, May 19.— Two fatalities
occurred on the Rio Grande Western Rail
way to-day. In this city Herman Tiech
man, a laborer, employed at. Murray,
while temporarily deranged threw himself
beneath a moving freight train and was
ground to pieces. Tiechman formerly re
sided in Kansas City, where he leaves a
family.
Deaths on Rio Grande Railroad.
BOSTON. May 20.— Dr. O. S. Cilley will
start this morning on a race against death
to San Francisco, hoping to save his old
friend and brother Mason, Lyman B. Mace
of this city, who Is mortally ill in a hotel
there. Mace, who Is a very wealthy man,
went West some time a^o for his health
and in San Francisco became quite ill,
dropsy complicating. the heart ailment he
had suffered from for years. He was told
he must die, so he wired for Cilley. Spe
cial railway connections have " been ar
ranged for by wire, and no expense will be
spared in order to make time.
Bedside of an Invalid in San
Francisco.
Boston Physician Summoned to the
RACING TO SAVE <
LIFE OF A YKTEND
Services for Mrs. McKinley.
At the Sabbath morning services of the
The review of the school children to
morrow depends entirely on the state of
Mrs. McKinley's health. The President
will make no arrangements until the last
possible moment.
No arrangements have yet been made
for a review of the troops at the Presidio
to-day by the President, but It is thought
that if Mrs. McKinley's condition allows,
the chief executive will inspect the garri
son.
During the day the President received
messages from the King and Queen of
Great Britain and from the President of
France, conveying sincere sympathy and
heartfelt hope? for the recovery of Mrs.
McKinley. The President dictated re
plies to the messages and instructed Sec
retary Cortelyou to 1 forward the latest
bulletins as to the health of the patient.
The chief executive remained with his
secretary and a few friends until 10:30
p. m., and after visiting his wife, retired
for the , night.
The President dined with his secretary
and eagerly awaited the arrival of the
physicians. The cheering decision of the
doctors as to the condition of their pa
tient brought a look of relief to the face
of the President and he accompanied the
physicians to the door of the house when
they took their departure.
ally word was sent from the house at
5:30 p. m. that the President would not
again leave the house. (
1 , BRISBANE, r-\ May •. 20.— The Duke and
Duchess -5 of Cornwall ; and York arrived
her-e'this ; morning .. overland ' 'from 'Mel
bourne. A The is beautifully decorated
in ; thelr:honor.". : f . . . . .. \
Edward's Son ; at Brisbane.
BELGRADE, May 19.— AH rumors re
garding the' abdication of King Alexander,
the resignation of the Cabinet and the
banishment of ; Queen ¦ Dragha, .growing
out* of 'the sensational experiences of the
Servian '¦ royal ¦.family, are declared to be
without.' foundation. '',,-
Alexander Not to Abdicate.
TOUNGSTOWN. - Ohio, . May 19.— Two
men ; are «dead and three are expected to
die as a result of an accident, in the Bes
semer.'department'of the NationaJ Steel
Company's -plant, to-day. The accident
was caused by the. cover of a mammoth
converter becoming detached and allowing
thirteen tons of molten metal to flow over
the mill. The dead are two unknown Hun
garians. The'body of one Hungarian was
literally burned to a cinder, while. that of
the other was nearly,' as badly bunded. It
is thought the accident was caused by, the
bolts ih ; the plate being crystalized.
Ohio and Three Deaths Are
Expected.
Two Hungarians Lose Their Lives in
PEBISH IN A FLOOD ¦
DP THE . MOLTEN METAL
: Thg second Iesspn is that he shows us an
example, of domestic solicitude and love. He
has signed his name to many Important state
papers, but nothing has more impressed the
people than his beautiful devotion to his wife.
More eloquent than any 'of his speeches is his
relation to his home. Jt teaches us all a les
son. The home is the thermometer of the na
tion, . and ' President McKinley has raised the
mercury. ; The home . is' more important than
the battleship launched yesterday. It means
more to us than the navy or the army. Presi
dent. McKinley has opened his domestic. life to
us and w# claim an interest in Its welfare and
learn its lesson. Jt is an Impressive and solemn
spectacle to ' see the President of the . United
States taken suddenly , from the cheering
crowds 'to the bedside of his wife, where he
watches from sunset to sunrise. * We sympa
thize with. him, /'for the President Is our Presi
dent, and the- White House is our house,' and
Mrs. McKinley is our Mrs. "McKlnley.
' Let us then be better citizens and better, hus
bands: and wives and more loyal to the flag, j
No man can escape the issues of life and
death. Trouble knocks at the White House
and the hov-i; It enters the palace and the
hut. In nearly, every bouquet you will find
the ' thorn. In 'this national floral ' offering
President McKinley touched the thorn, and the
world waits with him . by the bedside of his
wife., . - - .
There are two lessons to which I must allude.
The one is the proximity of Joy and sorrow,
of festivity and disappointment.- On the table
of the national banquet- is the goblet of joy
and the., goblet of sorrow. They touch and
clink.- -He has tasted of both. : ,' - : i
v* The '«1 Frankfurter : i Zeitungr, -', describing
the -week's • Boerse .< "as • a ' picture . of j com
plete 'i desolation,'.' says ; that V: events * 1 in
walli street 1 caused ; both '.speculators ; . and
outsiders Tto ; maintain ¦; the ; greatest 're-^
serve." r-:^?. 1 -f -'<¦¦'.--¦* v •v.i ¦:'¦:'-' ¦"• '¦¦•'¦v'-"--'.' '••".¦" \\ '*:¦
:-i The money; market •' also ¦ felt the * effects
of ;*"Wall< street reaction r 3 and •/< London's
higher ? rates: .. . . •;' • - .•
. LONDON. - May, 19.— The Stock. Ex
change closed the week tranquilly and in
strong - contrast . to the stormy opening
of ; last Monday. ¦ Thanks to the Interven
tion of J. Pierpont' Morgan and Kuhn,
Loeb &'Co.; widespread disaster, as well
as a crisis In .Northern Pacific, was avert
ed; on account of being Quietly liquidated.
While ". some . of •' the ; Stock , Exchange writ
ers acknowledge the 7 debt to Mr. Morgan,
others are bitter in their comment v on
what they : call ; -feckless \ American
methods.'- . •¦. '¦¦:- • -;. -.''. '-".• ~~ .-:'•¦ *•*!¦•• '.:'.
,The money situation . has depressed the
Government --' loans.' ¦ - The papers are of
the opinion", that \ the 'Americans . have sold
the' German' loans here to j false money for
home" speculation '¦ and , also . that .German
holders: have- sold ¦ Stagnation
marked .the : foreign, loans. ':_
'-}. BERLIN.? May > 19.— The \ weekly : finan
cial 'reviews i all . devote ': large '- space ;.to
Wall i street and ; tho reflex influence here,
admitting} that ': business "on ,' the i German
BoersejWas-. wholly, dominated ; by 'New
¦YorkUastlweekr - « ; % • ¦;
Alone Prevented Widespread
'¦ \: -> J * :^; ¦;¦'¦; ;i Disaster., ¦,:¦¦¦'¦¦':> '¦ ¦
Intervention of American. Capitalists
LONDON STOCK ; EXCHANGE
CLOSES WEEK . TRANQUILLY
: But over his speeches a . shadow falls, the
anticipation of,a-great strike, destined *to be
disastrous to the strikers on the one hand and
the: struck' upon the other- : Here in San Fran
cisco "we live In dread of this Industrial discon
tent In the face of great national ; prosperity.
Would that by ] means of arbitration the fac :
ttons ¦ might 'come ' to an amicable settlement.
The President has called attention to the great
ness of our country-? Some of us have differ
ing opinions as to expansion, . but the , people
indorsed the President at the ballot box. at th'i
last election and I do not mean to discuss ex
pansion. _' -'.;'. ••
patriotic. The highest form of patriotism is
a devotion to the fundamental,. Ideas of j our
Government. : represented in . the President Re
gardless of party 'affiliation the people have ex
pressed their love for a nohje man and the flag
which Is. the symbol of his power. His Journey
has ¦ been distinguished by Its non-partisan
spirit. They .who ascribe political motives to
this . tour do themselves little credit and the
President little honor. . It has been, non-sec
tional. Every sentence In his speeches in ; the
South, In ,New Orleans and other
places, • is a golden bond binding together the
North 5 and I South,' or, - to ' change the i figure,
every . sentiment is a floral wreath upon the
soil which makes the grave of, the hatchet of
the war.' He • has given additional assurance
that there is no North.- no South, but one
flag, one people, one nation evermore.
' The theme or. his speeches . Is significant. It
is that of -contentment. "Factories : are busy,
the mills are filled with fire, : the farmers till
the fertile soil and from the chimneys of great
factories .the smoke of. prosperity rises.: The
President Is j an apostle . of j prosperity. •
Congregation Nevah Zedeck, Mission
street, special services were held for .the
speedy restoration of Mrs. McKinley by
the cantor of the congregation, in which
all the congregants joined.
MANY ARE DISAPPOINTED.
Great Crowd Waits Vainly Around
the Central Methodist Church.
Great disappointment was felt by the
multitude which thronged Central Meth
odist Church and its near vicinity yester
day morning ¦when it was learned that
President McKinley would not be able to
attend the service, as he had planned.
Long before the service was to commence
the building was crowded with people
anxious to get a glimpse of the President,
and those who were not able to enter
gathered around the church in' hundreds.
j Chief of Police Sullivan was on hand
with a large squad of police, ajid the
crowd was kept in good order. It was
only at the last minute that it was known
that the President would be absent on ac
count of Mrs. McKinley's condition.
In closing he spoke of the President's
absence and said that as conditions were
Dr. Hutslnpiller preached from the text
"Ye shall be called the children of the
Highest." He spoke of the conception of
God as being the highest to which man's
intelligence could'attain. The highest and
greatest thing that we could accomplish,
he said, was to live under the inspiration
and purity of this -conception.
Chief Executive Only Leaves the
Souse for a Short Walk.
Yesterday was a quiet day in the tem
porary home of the President at Clay and
Lagruna streets.
fit was thought that the President would
attend church in the morning and a large
crowd gathered in the park opposite the
Scott residence in the hope of seeing the
chief executive drive from the house. The
sightseers were doomed to disappoint
ment, however, but later on the President
took a short walk, accompanied by Secre
tary Cortelyeu.
The President was in a happy frame of
mind, and showed by his manner that the
severe strain caused by his .wife's Illness
h&d ceased. He pave a most cordial greet
ing to the police officers and detectives in
front of the house and saluted the news
paper: representatives as he started to
walk in the park.
Hundreds of men, women and children
were kept at a distance by the police of
ficers, and no one was allowed to disturb
the President as he enjoyed his stroll.
Again the head of the nation displayed his
Intense love for children. While he waved
his hat to the adults in the distance, he
beckoned the children to him and gave
each little one a cordial hand grasp and
made Inquiries as to their names and age.
The President proceeded at a brisk pace
along the streets in the vicinity of his
temporary home and returned to the
house ten minutes after leaving It.
During the day many carriages drove up
to the Scott residence. The President re
ceived the members of his Cabinet, and
among the callers were General Shafter.
Assistant Postmaster McKinley, uncle of
the President, a delegation of residents
from Canton, Ohio, and Calvin P. Titus,
the first American soldier to 6cale the
walls of Peking when the siege of the
legations was raised by the allied troops.
Those who uere received by the President
stated on leaving the house that he was
In a. most cheerful frame of mind and was
most hopeful of the recovery of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley.
Commander Phelps of the navy also
called on the President and was granted
•en interview.
Hour after hour the crowds in the park
lingered in the hope that they would
secure a glimpse of the President, In
case he would go for a drive in the after
noon. Chief of Police" Sullivan had made
all arrangements for the drive, but fin-
PRESIDENT'S QUIET SABBATH.
patient and held a. consultation, after
which, at 9 p. m.. Secretary Cortelyou
gave the newspaper representatives the
following information:
Has a Very Good Day.
"Mrs. McKinley's physicians report that
she has had a very good day and that the
progress made since morning is satisfac
tory."
The President remained with his wife
until a late hour and when he retired
shortly before midnight Mrs. McKinley
had dropped into a sound slumber and
there was every indication that the im
provement in her condition would be
maintained throughout the night.
Although statements have been' made
that certain persons" have had access to
the sick room during the past week, it
was learned on positive authority last
evening that no one has been allowed to
enter the room of Mrs. McKinley except
the President, the physicians, the nurses
and a minister who called at the Scott
residence on Thursday. No other visitors
to the house, whether relatives or friends
of the President and his wife, have been
allowed to aDnroach the room where the
lady of the White House has battled with
the grim reaper.
At an early hour this morning it was
learned from the Scott residence that Mrs.
McKinley was resting comfortably and
that her condition was more favorable
than it had been during the previous
twelve hours.
-s. consultation In the evening the condition
of Mrs. McKinley continued to Improve.
At 8 p. m. the physicians visited their
ley also enjoyed several hours of natural
sleep and late in tho afternoon was strong
enough to sit up for a few minutes.*
The President was conversing with Gen
eral Shafter when the information was
com eyed to htm that his wife desired his
presence. Mr. McKinley excused himself
srid hastened to his wife's bedside. The
Chief Executive remained with his wife
for fifteen minutes and when he left the
sick rcom his face was beaming with
happiness, caused by the great Improve
ment la Mrs. McKinley's condition.
From the time the President was called
to his wife's side until the physicians held
Ss Mrs. McKinley Sits Up.
A marked increase in her strength wa3
noted during the day and she was able
to partake of nourishment. Mrs. McKin-
MRS. McKINLEY'S condition
was so favorable yesterday
that the long wished for bul
letin from the attending
physicians that their distin
guished patient is out of dan
ger may be expected early
this morning.
Yesterday was the uinth day of the pro
gress of the disenteric fever that has laid
the President's wife upon a bed of sick
ness and hourly the reports from the
Scott residence were Uiat the lady of the
White House was steadily improving and
that the President was rcore hopeful than
at any time since her illness that tb«
danger point has been passed.
At 3 o'clock yestertfuy morning the slirbl
increase in the temperature of Mrs. Mc-
Kinicy decreased a>-* restful sleep closed
the eyes of the President's wife until S
a. m.
When Mrs. McKinley awoke she found
the President at h*r bedside and he re
mained with her until the physicians ar
rived at 9:30 a, m.
For the first tima during the week the
doctors were enabled to issue a bulletin
that wss positive in Its wording and the
President and million? of American citi
zens were able to rejoice in the good news
sent out from the nouse where the Chief
Executive and his wife are domiciled.
At 10 a. m. Secretary Cortelyou issued
the following bulletin:
"Mrs. McKinley's physicians report that
rhe had a comfortable night and that the
slight rise in temperature has disap
peared. She is resting well."
From the hour when the bulletin was is-
Fued until evening, when the physicians
p.gain consulted. Mrs. McKinley con
tinued to steadily improve.
Mrs. McKinley Stead
ily Improves and All
Are Hopeful.
take to build her.
- It Is also asserted on good authority that
when- the cruiser California -is. built he
will be given command of that fine ship.
As the California will be over 14,000 tons
measurement.'' she will be practically a
battleship, and the honor la well worth
¦waiting three years 'for, the Um« it will
It' was learned yesterday that. Com
mander Thomas S. Phelps. naval aid to
the . President, has been selected to com
mand the cruiser Marblehead, now being
repaired at Mare Island, when she la
asaln out in commission. Jgg^ . ,
WILL C0MMA1TD MARBLEHEAD.
Commander Phelps to Be Given tha
Cruiser 'When Repairs Are
Completed.
for Home via Portland
Governor Nash and staff and the Ohio
delegation departed yesterday morning
for Portland, Or., leaving on a special
train at 11 o'clock. A large party of
their friends assembled at the Palace Ho
tel to bid them good-by, and as Governor
Nash left th^ Palace court in his car
riage be was loudly cheered.
The Pullman cars of ' the special train
were literally filled with beautiful fiow
ers sent by admirers as a parting tribute.
The members of the Ohio delegation will
make a brief stay in Portland, and will
then journey on to Salt Lake City, where
they will remain one day. They will also
spend a day In Kansas City. They are
due to arrive at Columbus, Ohio, next
Saturday.
OHIO DELEGATION DEPARTS.
Governor Nash and His Staff Leavs
Nash of Ohio and party arrived In this
city at 1:55 this afternoon from San Fran
cisco, en route to the East. They were
met at the depot by a delegation of State
officials and representatives of the Ohio
Society of Central California, and were
driven to the State Capitol In vehicles
adorned with flowers. All the offices at
the capitol were open to receive the
guests. Secretary of State Charles F.
Curry delivered a short address of wel
come, and Governor Nash re^>onded in a
happy mannner.
Afterward the visitors were driven to
Sutter's Fort and to the Crocker Art Gal
lery and other points of interest. The
day was delightful, and they expressed
themselves as greatly pleased with the ex
perience. The party resumed its journey at
4 o'clock. •
Buckeye Governor and Party Visits
Points of Interest in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. May 19.— Governor
NASH AT -STATE CAPITAL.
The newspaper men of the Presidential
party were entertained yesterday after
noon by a drive through the Presidio Res
ervation and Golden Gate Park to the
ocean and a' luncheon at the Cliff Hou3e.
The affair was conducted on behalf of the
Citizens' Executive Committee by H. U.
Brandenstein and L. M. King. Three tally
ho coaches conveyed the party to the Cliff
and return. Henry J. Crocker and Gecrsre
A. Newhall drove their own turnouts. The
party consisted of H. M. Thomrson, As
sociated Press: W. E. Clark, New York
Sun Press Association: J. C. Hemment,
Harper's "Weekly: Jamas H. Hare. Col
lier's Weekly; R. L. Dunn. Leslie's "Week
ly; "W. TV". Price, Washington Star; Henry
L. "West, "Washington Post: Frank B.
Lord. AVashington Times; A. M. Low.
Boston Globe;" C. C. Carlton, New York
correspondent of The Call: M. Mareau,
Western Union Telegraph Company; G.
W. Kibble. Postal "Telegraph Companv;
Mayor Fhelan; General "W. H. L. Barnes,
Judge W. P. Lawlor, H. J. Crocker.
George A. Newhall. L. S. Whltcomb. John
McNaught, Hugh M. Burke, J. F. Foster.
"William T. Hess, J. H. Barry. L. M. K'ng,
Charles R. Allen, F. S Myrtle and H. TT.
Brandenstein.
Mayor Phelan was toastmaster at tho,
luncheon. Short speeches were riade by
General Barnes, Henry L. West. John
McNaught and Henry J. Crocker.
NEWSPAPERMEN" ENTERTAINED
Visiting •: Journalists:. Are _Given a
_.» Luncheon at the Cliff House.
Postmaster General Smith was also
seen last evening, and he said:
"We shall all remain in San Francisco
with the President and go East with him
as soon as Mrs. McKinley is well enough
to travel. I am- thankful to say that
Mrs, McKinley is much better, and it is
only a question of a few days when we
shall leave for home." . . .
IT has been definitely decided that
the officers of the Cabinet who ac
companied the President to this
coast from "Washington, with tho ex
ception of Secretary Long, will re
main with him until he returns.
At first the question of the fu
ture movements of the Secretaries was
a v *xlng one. for business is pressing at
the capital, and there could be no guess
as to the length of time the President
would be detained at the bedside of his
wife. None of his official family wished
to leave him, and all are growing anx
ious over the work that must be piling up
In their offices; but the matter has been
settled by the personal request of- the
President that the Secretaries remain
with him and return to "Washington as
members of his party.
This action was decided upon because
of the returning health of Mrs. McKin
ley. If she continues to Improve in the
next few days as she has since Friday
last it will not be long before the party
can come together again and proceed &s
it did before, except that it will return
by the most direct route to "Washington.
Secretary Long left for the East yester
day to go to his daughter, who is 111,
but the other members of the Cabinet will
remain with the President. There will
be no Cabinet meetings, however, until
they reach "Washington again. . ;.v\ 1
Secretary Hay was seen last evening
at the Palace Hotel, and said:
"The Cabinet will remain in San Fran
cisco with the President. Mrs. McKin
ley is much better, and the President has
requested that we all should remain un
til she Is well enough to travel, and
that we all go East together. There will
be no Cabinet meetings in thi3 city, but
the President will receive all important
matters by wire at his residence, and
then call on the different members of the
Cabinet for conference on business that
is directly connected with their depart
ments. I think that we shall only re
main in San Francisco for a few days,
judging from the President's remarks to-
Cabinet Remains With
the President in
This City.
MRS. McKINLEY'S STRENGTH IS ST EADILY INCREASING
THE FEVER ENTIRELY DISAPPEARS AND THE PATIENT
IS ABLE TO SIT UP AND TALK WITH THE PRESIDENT
NINTH DAY OF ILLNESS FIND5 PATIENT STRONGER.
AT the hour of gojiig to press the cheering news was given out from , the Scott residence
that Mrs. McKinley 'was asleep and that there had been" no increase of temperature since
the last visit of the physicians six hours previously. The strength of the President's wife .
was maintained during all of yesterday, and the chieflexecutive was in a more hopeful •'
frame of mind than at any time since his wife was stricken down. Yesterday the dysenteric fever
that has laid hold of Mrs. McKinley had almost disappeared and to-day,, bting the ninth day of
her illness, the physicians hope to be able to announce that their distinguished patient has passed
the turning point and is on the road to recovery. , ... ¦. . • .'••'• ' : x
day."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.For tho influence or support of • the upper
class as a class he cared little, content to be
guided by the. Judgment and to^rely upon the
Support 1 of ¦¦ the great mass of the people. He
strove no doubt, for the, greatness of the na
tion! but as h e contemplated It - that great
ness consisted - In the ever broadening circle
of the diffusion of wealth, comfort and hap
piness Sig the people without distinction
of class He would have shrunk aghast from
the -.Mctacle of that false, factitious and-de
lusive national greatness* which consists In the
ever narrowing concentration of PfoP^rty-the
accumulation- of superfluities • in the hands of
a fW procured by the privations and sufferings
of t^many™- Not fc.s , the . political : economy
that- records An glowing; terms^ and - servile
laudation the ' march of centralized capital,
which crushing him in one Indiscriminate
mass (obHteVate^ the ...individuality. -of -man
stifles the -aspirations of his .ambition and
makes his labor a mere part of a> money-mak
ing mechanism; for,- as proclaimed In his first
naugural he held that "the sum of good gov
ernment" leave, men freeto regulate their. own
pursuits ' of Industry and Improvement and
does not take from the mouth of labor. the
.haken by the tem
porary ; aberration of the people nor the occa-
Abhorred Class Distinction.
v It was amid surroundings such as these that
Jefferson elaborated • a political sy«tem which
was the antithesis of all that had been there
tofore taught or practiced. .The whole of that
system rested upon the principle enunciated
In the Declaration of Independence as the first
of the self-evident truths which the. Colonies
proclaimed to the world as a Justification for
the severance of the political bands which conr
nected them with Great Britain. From - this
one central truth, as streams, from a common
fountain head, all others flowed. Of this main
proposition all others were corollaries. From
this all-essential principle all others— that the
people have the right to govern themselves as
they will • that governments derive their
power from the consent of the governed; that
Tiublic institutions exist to secure equal rights
and Justice to all and specia 1 exemptions c.
privileges to- none; that life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness are rights Inherent in
man and inseparable from his being — are de
rived. That vital principle, ¦ that alNpermeat
ing truth, that everlasting foundation of all
democracy is found in the single but sublime
words of the Declaration of Independence that
all men are created equal. "
In the ¦ years which . preceded the American
revolution, Jefferson not only proclaimed this
truth as a fundamental verity In the science
of government, but from that time on vindi
cated It with all the ability of his great mind,
espoused it with the ardor and sincerity of his
exalted soul, and during the whole of his pub
lic life improved every opportunity to put _ it
into practice. , He believed that the will of the
people was the supreme lavr, and their welfare
the only legitimate goal of government. His
ears were ever open to catch the sound of
their complaints, his heart responsive to their
sufferings,, his brain active in -devising and
his hand prompt In executing 'schemes for the
amelioration of their condition. " Upon no sub
ject was he more solicitous than upon ¦ the
general diffusion of education and .useful
knowledge, holding that "the basis of our
Government being the opinion of the People,
the very first object should be to keep that
rl His belief In the ¦Individual liberty of every
human being: waa a conviction Interwoven into
the very textures of his soul. Upon this sub
ject he recognized no flimsy distinction of race
or color. The hereditary bondmen of the plan
tation enlisted his sympathy, and was the ob
ject of his efforts In the cause of human free
dom He strove for the abolition of slavery,
predicting its baneful Influence and with
prophetic. voice warning his countrymen that
"nothln* was more certainly written in the
book of fat« than that these people were to be
free." :' .'¦¦ ' ' ' ¦ . /' .
Bight of Self-Government.
sion of his sovereign favor. His attribute was
command; his subjects' duty, obedience. Be
yond that whatever functions might be exer*
cised by those he ruled were privileges ac
corded by KIs ¦ srace. "Witness the words of
Marna Charta Itself. Witness the language
of royal charters conferred upon English mu
nicipalities touching local / self-government.
Witness the writs granting burroughs the right
to return members to Parliament. Witness
the compendious and essentially true exclama
tion of Louis XIV: "The state? I am the
state." ¦ .
\ It was natural that under such a rule, mo
narchical Institutions should find In the com
munity devoted supporters. To maintain and
perpetuate his power It was unavoidable that
the sovereign should delegate a certain part
of his authority, . accompanied with corre
sponding honors and distinctive privileges, to
a sslect olass. Such a class, by becoming par
ticipators In its power, naturally became the
supporters of the throne and constituted a
barrier, against popular encroachment upon Its
authority. To attach the members of this
class to their dynasty had been, at some pe
riod of their existence, the policy of all Kuro
pean monarchs. It was none the less so with
England. Distinguished from the mass of the
people by large grants of land, titles of no
bility, special privileges and the enjoyment of
state offices, such a class constituted an aris
tocracy interested above all things in resisting
the aspirations of the masses toward the
equalization of stations. >. . .
The American Colonies were not exempt
from the Influence of. this policy of their Brit
ish rulers. On the contrary, both in the
North and In the South, a colonial aristocracy
had been created which' the first movement
toward independence found devoted to the
crown. Interested in retaining its privileges,
looking with distrust, if not disdain, upon the
masses of the people, and determined to keep
open the impassable gulf which yawned •be-
,The leee nomemen kn«w the more they
tell. . • ' •'¦'• -"-. ' V^u*
If it You] Have 1 Dyspepsia
lend nomoney.but writ*, Pr.dnoop,IUcJn«, Wit,;,
baxiw.iQT aix bottles ef Dr.Bboop'* Rtftontivs;
WWM y*i&/ If cur«d, pay I8.S0-U not. U U <m* of
ton, a ged 28 years, once famous as ¦ a
jockey, committed suicide at a.lodelng
housc here early this morning by drinking
carbolic acid. ¦ . . ¦'¦¦'.
Brltton left a note asking; that his body
ba shipped to hia; mother, MrB, Susan B,'
Franklin, Lexington, Ky, :
Brltton began to ride at the age "of 12,
While riding MUs Dixie for Colonel Pep.
per In Chlcasro in 1891 he was thrown and
had hia skull fractured, ¦ : . ¦
Thomas H. Britton Ends His Life. In
. a Cincinnati Ziodging-
House. \ '
CINCINNATI, May 19.-Thomas H; Brit-
FOBMEB JOCKEY TAKES
•¦v ''"'/ DOSE OF CARBOIilC ACID
The crime was committed In u the' lower
end of the city; as the church bells .were
ringing, Conway and ;the Garrisons ..were
neighbors, ; Tho t amities : had , not |been ; on
frlendlyjarms for, several monthe."Yostar»'
day Conway 'wrote J a letter to
ay lag Garrison had cheated hia father In \
EVANSVILLB, Ind., May 19.— Everett
Conway," aged 27,. married, shot arid killed
C." W. Garrison and wife In *; this city ''. this
morning and iataily wounded Patrolman
Benjamin Wallis.; To escape capture by
tho police Conway, then killed himself, • :
Indiana Man Kills Two Per
sons, Wounds Three and
Ends His Life.
DEALS OUT DEATH
WITH LAVISH HAND
WASHINGTON. May 19._Former Sen
ator Richard. P. Pettlgrew of South Da
kota^ has Intimated to some of his confi
dential friends that he is to become preai
dent of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Mr, Pettlgrew was in Washington yester
day on hia way to New York. He has a
large block 1 of Northern Pacific stock,
which la. to : bo placed at .the disposal of
James J, Hill, and Mr. Pfftl^rew is cronfl
dent t hut IIUl and Mors|n bav« control
h« road. J
Special Dispatch. to The CW1.
Former Senator May Become
the Northern Pacific's
President.
PETTI GREW EXPECTS
TO SUCCEED MELLEN
' the ; trade for. a milk dairy. Garrison
Bhbwed this letter '.to Conway's father,
who upbraided his son..
M Early this morning young Conway, who
was employed at the railroad yards, go-
Ing to the -; stable " where Garrison waa
milking : shot him ; dead "with , a - shotgun.
Then he 'killed ; Garrison' b cows. As Mrs.
Garrison : ran^from .. the : -house ;C°nway
emptied both barrels into her. breast.. She
fell dead- at hia feet The murderer next
set : fire to the Garrison ' stable and then
barricaded ': himself in his .- When
Davidson and Adam : Crawford. - '
The entire police department was called
out and the officers surrounded, the house,
ready to break .'in. when they heard a
Bhot' "Conway, had kissed his w fe good
bye then, ran upstairs and shot; himself in
the heart.,3 • ';.-,; ¦„
Conway came* from a good family, orig
inally i from i Kentucky.' He leaves a wife
and' two, children.- "Garrison -leaves -tw«
children,. Garrison was a prominent lodge
must, . however, be prepared to . pay more
for a married than for an unmarried
ministry. ' • • - -
In enforcing the insufficiency of many
clerical incomefc, the primate declared, the
poverty of the clergy not only Tendered
proper performance of ' their duty. Impos
sible at times, but also prevented many
men entering the ministry because of the
poor , prospect afforded by the profession.
NEW YORK. May 19.— Robert Gibbs. 52
years old. superintendent of an Iron
molding works in Pittsburg, and a man
of considerable wealth, was found dead
in his room in West Twenty-second
Btreet to-night, having been asphyxiated
by eas. The case was reported as one
of suicide, but a more thorough Investi
gation makes it appear that death was
accidental. Mr. Gibbs' wife and family
live In Chicago, where he formerly re
sided.
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
Misunderstood the Instructions Givsn
by Dentist Who Ordered Them
for Toothache.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. May 19.—Cath
erine Germalne, playing the leading role
In "The Highwayman" at the Metropoli
tan Opera House, swallowed nearly one
dozen strychnine pills to-day and may die.
Bhc was suffering from toothache during
the afternoon and went to a dentist, who
gave her the pills, with instructions to
take one every three hours. The Instruc
tions were misunderstood, and, not know
ing their deadly contents. Miss Germaine
took the overdose. At midnight her con
dition was critical.
ACTRESS TAKES OVEBDOSE
OF STBYCJbLNlNE PILLS
All the Ministerial cardidates in Ma
drid were successful. £ufncient returns
have been received to show that the
Government has obtained a working ma
jority in the Chamber.
MADRID, May 13.— The elections to the
new Chamber of Deputies were held to
day. At Bllboa in a quarrel between a
Ministerialist and a Socialist the latter
was killed. Another person was killed at
Cuence. Serious conflicts occurred in
Barcelona, where Senor Cubbels, an elec
toral commissioner, was killed with a
dagger. People were injured at several
other towns.
sioner, Stabbed to Death in .a
Bow at Barcelona.
Senor Cubbels, an Electoral Commis-
SERIOUS CONFLICTS AT
ELECTIONS IN SPAIN
"Naturally, there being so many inter
esting and new problems for us to ap
proach. I do not care to say what we in
tend to do. When we have done it, it will
be time enough to talk. Neither do I care.
at this time, to announce the personnel ol
the expedition."
Beady to Sail Early Next
March.
NEW YORK. May IS.— Evelyn B. Bald
win of the Baldwin-Zfelgler Arctic expedi
tion arrived here to-day on the steamship
Umbria after a month's trip abroad, com
pleting arrangements for the expedition.
To-night Mr. Baldwin said that he would
leare early next month for Dundee, Scot
land, and sail on" the America for Trom-.
soe, Norway. There he will meet the sup
ply ship Frithjof and the expedition will
sail for Franz josefland, where they will
make their headquarters for the winter.
"The arrangements are a.bout completed
for the expedition," lie said, "and we are
magnificently equipped. We expect to. sail
'with forty men, fifteen Siberian ponies
and 40D dogs to carry adequate supplies of
the very best sort 30 that we will have
every advantage possible for the work we
ere to undertake.
Baldwin-Zeigler Expedition "Will Be
COMPLETING PLANS TOE,
TEIP TO THE ARCTIC
LONDON, May 19.— The Archbishop of
Canterbury would like to see all the clergy
of the Church of England married.
Preaching in Hempsteod Parish Church
In Bid of the Queen Victoria fund, he re
marked that experience wJth an unmar
ried ministry had lasted In this country
lonsr enough to nrnke the people generally
dlfilika It, Thay ¦ preferred a married
clergy, for ths clergyman'*" family often
did u much good as ho did. Tho pubUo
Epecial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald, Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Archbishop of Canterbury's
Advice to Pastors of
His Faith. '
CHURCH OF ENGLAND
CLERGY SHOULD WED
B—^ ENICIA, May 19.— The Democracy
of California celebrated to-day in
the old State capital the seml-
centennial of the formation of
the Democratic party in Califor
nia. The historic meeting place was in
spiring, the audience was imbued with the
spirit of the occasion, the day was pro
pitious and the speeches were eloquent —
that is to eay, there were eloquent
speeches.
In addition to a large delegation from
: San Francisco's center of Democracy, the
Iroquois Club, there were large repre
sentations present from Martinez and
Stockton, from which the river steamer
I Captain Weber was run, and from Sacra
mento and Vallejo. The main hall of the
old Capitol was filled to its utmost capac
ity for the afternoon exercises.
.The celebration was held under the
auspices of the State League of Demo
cratic and Iroquois Clubs, and to-mor
row, beginning at 10 o'clock In the morn
ing, the annual conference of the league
will be held. It is hoped by the leaders of
the faithful to infuse life into the skeleton
organization at this meeting and make the
league a center of influence and organiza
tion that will work the rehabilitation of
the party in this State. A local Iroquois
Club probably will be organized to-mor
row, and the hope is that the annual con
ference will result in the institution of an
i aggressive campaign of organization
throughout the State. * ¦
I There Is but little interest In the choice
! of officers for the League. A. A. Bailey
: of Martinez is spoken of for grand sachem
' and the choice will probably rest upon
i him unless some San Francisco, man be
comes ambitious.
Voyage of the San Franciscans.
The San Francisco delegation made the
] trip to the revered camping ground on the
steamer Onisba. Long: before f 9 o'clock,
the hour set for the steamer's departure
from Jackson-street wharf, the delegates
began to gather on the wharf and a band
played stirring tunes for their entertain
ment. Presently all was ready and the
master of the steamer picked out a time
when the city of Stockton was passing
close by the end of the pier and backed
into her. The Onisba was swung vio
lently sidewise and for a moment the pas
sengers thought, a catastrophe was im
pending. A rush for the sides was made,
but when the situation was understood
all excitement subsided. The City of
Stockton's engines were reversed and the
vessel backed out of the way of the
aggressive back-action excursion steamer.
Many women and .children made the
round trip on the Onisba, and the greater
number of the several hundred members
of the San Francisco Iroquois Club who
made the trip returned on the Onisba,
leaving Benicia at 5:30 p. m., the delegates
to the conference and a few others only
remaining for the proceedings of the sec
ond day. -- . .
The voyage up the bay was a three
hours' delightful outing for the braves
from the city. The morning was bright
end warm. A pleasant breeze blew over
the bay, scarcely causing a ripple on the
surface. ' _
The best known men of the San Fran
cisco Democracy were among the passen
gers. All of the Democratic office-holders
practically except Mayor Phelan were, on
board. Coroner Leland, Registrar Walsh,
Recorder, Godchaux, Judge Cabaniss, Su
pervisor Booth and Public Administrator
Boland were in the center of the thickest
groups of braves.
Prominent Men in Attendance.
D. M. Delmas, whose eloquence ¦ was to
ring clear and reverberating among, the
rafters of the old State Capitol, was a
passenger on the excursion boat. Barclay
Henley was aboard. In him the genera
tion of fifty years ago found its most
authoritative spokesman for the day, for
hia father, Thomas J. Henley, was chair
man of that- first Democratic State Con
vention, the semi-centennial of which was
celebrated to-day.
Senator J. C. Sims, Max Popper and
Thomas E. Curran were with the excur
sionists. In addition to Popper the fol
lowing past sachems, who are delegates
to the conference to-morrow, were on
board: Charles Gildea. A. D. Lemon, L.
Metzger, William McMann, District At
torney L. F. Byington, L. -V. Merle and
T. J. Walsh. The other San Francisco
delegates, most of whom were on the
Onisba. are W. H. Kline. J. C. Gorman,
H. L. Blenfleld. Walter Gallagher, W. A.
Asmussen, William Cubery. Joseph Roths
child, E. T. Mlnnehan, C. H. Holcomb,
Robert Day and C. F, Kimball. •
Benicia was reached at a few minutes
past 12 o'clock. The citizens were wait
ing to welcome the visitors. The celeb
rities of the San Francisco delegation
were shown to carriages and the guests
were escorted along First street in a par-
The future historian will relate that : we
have met here in an hour of defeat. He -will
make note of the triumph of our adversaries
at two successive national elections. He will
point to a Republican President In. the Capitol
and a Republican majority In the Senate house
and Chamber of Representatives. He will add
that not only is our own State at present
under the " control of a Republican '. Governor
and a Republican -Legislature, but that a like
condition exists In the majority ¦ of ¦- the States
of the Union. He will call attention ¦ to the
defections which . have taken place in our
Mr. President and Gentlemen: Tha present
hour Is reminiscent of three epochs, to which
the proprieties and duties attendant upon this
occasion V. forcefully direct our attention. A
century and a quarter separates us from the
first, a century from the second and half a
century from the last of these epochs. . Fifty
years ago, the Democracy of California, assem
bled within these walls, held here Its. first con
vention. One hundred years ago, the . first
Democratic ¦ President was Inaugurated at
Washington. One hundred and' twenty-five
years ago, this very month — almost this very
day — Thomas Jefferson, returning from Vir
ginia, resumed his seat in the Congress at
Philadelphia, there to draft that declaration
which constitutes not. only the title-deed of
American national existence, but is also the
first authoritative proclamation of that politi
cal faith of which he was . at once the founder
and archetype. As each of these epochs sig
nalized either a notable event or ,«, great
achievement in the history Of ' our- party, it
may not be Inappropriate to ask what Im
press ehall the present age leave, upon, the
annals of Democracy? .
.Barclay Henley was introduced as the
son of his father, tiie man who presided
over that first Stato convention of fifty
years ago. He spokex at some length of
the Issues of that campaign of half a
century ago and finally reached William
Jennings Bryan, at whose name enthusi
astic applause was given.-
V The Eloquence of Delmas.
D. M. . Delmas, the orator of the day,
was received witn prolonged applause.
The audience had become restive during
the hot afternoon, DUt quiej was soon re
stored under the influence of his magnetic
speech, until 'toward - the close of his ad
dress the audience iistened with breath
less attention, moving only to break Into
tumultuous applause at intervals. He
said: J
• D. B. Brown of Stanislaus County, an
other man who voted- the Democratic
ticket in 1851, was called to the platform
and given his share of generous applause.
Mr. Cannon spoke of the historic events
which had occurred In- the old Capitol. He
said he had even heard that an honest
Legislature once met in it. He predicted
that if the Democrats of the State would
organize and work in harmony- the next
convention would inaugurate a long series
of Democratic victories, even as did the
convention of fifty years ago.
C. P. Stevens; ".representing Mayor
Crooks, delivered an address of welcome.
Mr. Stevens is an ardent Republican, but
he voiced a hearty ta- el come to Benicia' s
guests. He declared that the Democratic
party had had an honorable part In the
progress. of California, and said such was
true largely because . of the organization
of Iroquols clubs founded upon true Jef
fersonian principles. -v^^
William M. Cannon, president or the San
Francisco Iroquoia Club, spoke in re
sponse. He said It was the first time he
had ever heard a good Republican make a
good Democratic speech. He related the
story of Benlcla's old grudge against San
Francisco because the name of the pres
ent metropolis was stolen from the town
now known as Benicia, and expressed
pleasure that the grudge had been forgot
ten and the welcome extended the guests
had been so warm,
Judge Cabaniss, grand sachem of the
State League of Iroquois Clubs, called the
meeting 1 to order at 2:40 p. m. and spoke
briefly regarding: the occasion of celebra
tion. He explained that two venerable
men were present, one of whom; Richard
Winn of San Francisco, late of San Joa
quin County, was a delegate to the con
vention of fifty years ago, and the other,
Dr. E. L. Rose of Benicia, voted the
straight ticket as nominated at that time.
He appointed Messrs. Gildea and Gorman
to escort them to the platform, where
they were introduced and received with
great applause.,. ;
Opening' of the Session.
The Benicia 1 reception committee was
composed _ of Judge ' Edward F. J3iggs,
chairman, W. L». Crooks, Herman Hertz
brun, Charles Durner, L. W. Kuhland,
Thomas McKay, Edward Harnett and
Gustav Gnauck.
ade headed by the Benicia Juvenile band,
after which there marched the volunteer
firemen, red-shirted .and tuck-trousered,
and the exempt firemen. Salutes were
fired from anvils on the cross streets and
most of the population watched the par
ade from the sidewalks. The grand mar
shal, Joseph Johnston, . led the line
march up First street, past the historic
old State Capitol, and the back to it,
whefle- the column was dismissed and the
residents took charge of their guests un
til the hour set for the exercises.
In order adequately to understand ' them— in
order to appreciate the character ¦ and the ex
tent of the changes which they brought about
—It is necessary to note the condition of the
world during: a brief period before he started
on hia career. The conception of the character
and functions of the ruler of a nation ud to
a time which preceded that period by less than
half < a century had certain general and 5 dis
tinctive . traits which it is well to : recall. , For
this purpose it will : not , be necessary, - and
would not. be profitable, to extend • the Inquiry
into the history and customs of . other races.
It will suffice if we confine our view to Eu
rope and limit it to those nations from which
the American people claim , their origin ; and
derive their civili2atlon. ,. , -
¦From the days of Augustus to those of Louis
XVI of France and ¦ George • III of England,
the emperor, ¦ king or monarch who ruled over
a nation. If not looked upon himself as a divine
person,' was considered as endowed -with some
at least j of the attributes of the Deity. If not
a ¦ rod himself, • he was treated as ¦; God's : im
mediate representative " and vice regent on
earth. * : His person : was sacred. : His " - will
was . law. < He waa ". the embodiment ¦ of ' all
power, - the '. source of ¦ all honor, the
supreme - dispenser • of .all- -Justice. :¦> What
ever subordinate participation any one
over ' whom ; he extended his scepter ¦ was . al
lowed to have in the administration of govern
ment wai enjoyed and exercised aa a: conces-
The public life of Thomas' Jefferson - lasted
over forty years. For two terms he filled the
most exalted office in the land. • By his pub
lic life and recorded utterances: he has afforded
history the amplest opportunity of determining
his; political principles. What, then, were
those principles?, • ¦ . . '¦ -
Jeffersonian Principles.
Mr. President, all^ religious creeds, all sys
tems of philosophy^ all political parties rest; in
their ultimate expression upon some .single
basic Idea. This idea may manifest itself with
endless modifications. But, when all adjuncts
are brushed away, the, essential ultimate prin
ciple will always be found unchanged amid
the variety of its ¦ applications. What, ' then,
is the basic Idea of. Jeffersonlan Democracy?,
What; the object to which the political , phil
osophy of Jefferson, with a constancy as un
changeable as that of the needle to the pole,
ever points as its goal? What the- touchstone
by which the purity of all doctrines claiming
kinship with , that philosophy may. In their
last analysis, be determined? ry
For the making of such an examination no
time could be more propitious than the day
on which we are met to commemorate the
foundation of the Democratic party in _ this
State, and no place more fitting. than the hall
in which its first convention was assembled.
Let us, then, now and here, enter Into a brief
and dispassionate examination of the doctrines
which Jefferson taught, resolved to pledge them
our allegiance anew — returning to the fold. If
we have unconsciously wandered, and strength
ened and confirmed In our devotion If no
hersey has yet marred our faith. ,
Tenets of^the Democracy.
Shall the mlssion~"of the Democratic party
be performed by an abandonment of its tenets,
or shall it rather be accomplished by a faith
ful observance of the time-honored principles
of old?. The question is proper to be asked at
this time, when we are every day told by
self-styled reorganizes, that the Democratic
party owes its defeat to its assertion of the
faith of j Jefferson and are solicited by self
constituted harmonizers to return to the prin
ciples of Jeffersonlan Democracy. However
doubtful the quarter from which this warn
ing issues, however suspicious the source from
which this exhortation emanates, : it : behooves
Us to examine it. We cannot, as prudent men,
disregard it. If, after .a long voyage upon
a tempestuous ocean, a chip. should be hailed
¦ by a passing" craft, and; 1 ' upon - signaling the
port for which ¦ it - was bound, should -receive
in reply • a warning that it had drifted from
Its course and was sailing in the wrong > direc
tion, the prudent mariner would - at once net
about putting to the proof this disturbing in
telligence. However strange the build of the
hulk or piratical the appearance of the sig
nal, he would examine . into his charts, | take
fresh observations of the sun, and: determine
by every means in his power whether he was
in truth wrong in his bearings. So,' when the
Democracy of to-day is told tha.t it has de
parted from its principles and Is exhorted to
return to the orthodox tenets of Us founder,
If becomes its duty— however strong may be
its suspicions that the language | is that of
ill-disguised ' traitors^-carefully to test the
truth of the indictment and determine . the
value of the exhortation.
And will he then record that the Democratic
party, acknowledging that its defeat was ir
retrievable, . embraced the tenets of Its adver
saries, abandoned its organization, and, like
the Whigs of former days, ceased as a party
to exist? Or will he record that, In this
year, standing upon the threshold of a new
century and gazing with eyes undaunted by
temporary disaster into the realms of futur
ity, it gathered its scattered battalions once
more together and. elrding its loins to the
task of stemming the invading tide of imperial-
Ism, rescued the nation from the downward
course In which the Republican party „ had
plunged it, and restored the American people
to the true path of Its glorious destiny? ! Which
of these shall be the record? If we say the
latter. It Is proper to inquire by what means
this result is to be best accomplished.
midst; the apostates, who have openly gone
jver to the foe, and the still more dangerous
traitors who remain in the ranks of Democ
racy, cherishing the hope of luring it, with
the specious pretext of harmony, to its dis
comfiture and ruin. He will expatiate upon -the
power of the vast wealth and fearful influence
upon which the Republican party sits en
throned and chronicle its boastful resolve to
make Its domination eternal.' -
IMPRESSIONS GLEANED BY A CALL CARTOONIST AT THE SEMI-CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
ARCHAJEOIXXrlSTS WILL i --.. y
VISIT CHAN" SANTA CKUZ
Intend TTnfrf-ng Eesearch for Doctl-
meats Bearing 1 on History of
Maya Indians.
OAXACA. Mex., May 19.— The Mexican
Government will Immediately send an ar
chaeological expedition to Chan Santa
Cruz, the holy city of the Maya Indians,
which fell Into the hand9 of Government
troops a few days ago. Some remarkable
documents and tablets which are believed
to have an Important bearing on the early
history of the Maya tribe have already
been discovered and the archaeologists
who are to be sent there under the direc
tion of the Government will continue
these interesting researches. .> ~A-*\
. ." ¦ •¦¦ I 9 m
Cloudburst Carries Away Two Dams.
DENVER, May ID.— A special to - tha
Republican from Victor. Colo., says toe
dams of two reservoirs ot the Victor
Water Company at the head of Little
Beaver Creek -were carried out to-night
by a cloudburst and a flood rushed down
the canyon, demolishing several miners*
cabins. So far, as known there were no
lives lost. The property damage will not
be great. One span of a trestle on the
Cripple Creek Short Line was carried
OUt. ' -.-»:. a'--.-.
sional mistakes of associates. He knew that
imperfection was ' the unshunable trait of all
human institutions. He trusted to time, re
flection . and experience to correct these pass-
Ing errors. Not his the wisdom of the paltry
politician or petty time server, who shifts with
every turn of the breeze and turns his sail to
catch every breath of favor. The edifice he
built was bullded for all time. It was destined
to last forever. It was based, he knew upon
principles hewn from the quarries of eternal
truth. Temporary disasters could not daunt
him. He waited in patience for the right to
triumph. His courage was equal to his pa
tience. No religious enthusiast • could have
been more secure of ultimate triumph than he ;
for, as remarked by one of his biographers,
"his faith In Democracy stood to him In the
place of religion; he preached it with a fervor
intensity and constancy worthy of a Mahomet
or a Wesley."
Reforms in Virginia.
The great work of Jefferson's practical en
forcement of his convictions, begun in the
House of Delegates of Virginia, continued In
the Continental Congress, persevered In during
missions abroad and while holding office at
home under the administrations of Washington
and of Adams, found its culmination in his ad
ministration of the office of chief magistrate
of the republic. While it would ' be idle to
attempt even the most compendious review of
his uolitlcal life I hope you will pardon the
tax upon your attention If, for a moment, I
briefly refer to some of his public, acts as il
lustrations especially applicable to present con
ditions of what he understood the principles
of Democracy In their practical application to
mean.
Soon after the drafting of the Declaration
of Independence he returned to Virginia for
the purpose of taking his part in the establish
ment of- the newly created government of that
commonwealth. He entered the House of DeN
egates on October 7, 177& Standing In direct
antagonism to the ¦ principle of equality ' he
found many institutions of that ancient colony.
Prominent among these was the law which
permitted -the perpetuation - of . the ownership
or lands and slaves -within a family by trans
mitting them by entail from generation to
generation.' Thus, was the aristocracy of-Vir
ginia enabled, like its English prototype, to
establish itself - as a distinct and privileged
class. Another violation of that principle he
found In those laws of primogeniture by which
the -oldest son inherited, to the exclusion of
his brothers and sisters, all the lands and
slaves of his father.- Still another was the
established church, which, patterned upon the
English fashion, was supported by enforced
contributions from dissenters, who were denied
participation in any of the benefits which "it
might confer.
There were other abuses, but these will
suffice for the purpose of Illustration. All of
them he considered based' upon class distinc
tions, tending, to use his own words, to per
petuate "an aristocracy of wealth of more
barm and danger than benefit to society." 1
All these badges of special privilege, all these
violations of equality he struck at with the
vigor of earnest conviction, and paused not
until he had leveled them to the ground. To
him Virginia owes those laws which established
religious freedom within her borders, abolished
the feudal practice of primogeniture and en
tails and placed the education of her Inhab
itants — the foundation of all true Democracy —
upon a broad and universal basis. -- •
I have thus, Mr. President, endeavored to
state as I understand them the essential and
fundamental principles of Jeffersonlan Democ
racy and to give a few examples of their en
forcement. And. I repeat It. the basic Idea
of these principles and the lode star of the
public life of their Illustrious, author is the
equality of all created men.
Need of True Democracy.
"We have been told that we have wandered of
late from Jeffersonlan Democracy. Sir, I ques
tion both the truth and the sincerity of the
accusation: But upon this subject I will not
pause to debate. Our concern Is with the
present and the future — not the past. If we
have erred let us hasten to Correct our' wan
derings and return to the true path.: If our
faith has been marred- by heresy let us seek
a new baptism of faith.
¦ Never, sir, did the nation stand In greater
need than now of the salutary doctrines of
Jefferson. By what principle -will you check
the mad career of concentration and monopoly
which now threatens to subvert our institu
tions, destroy individual liberty and transform
our Government Into " a mere sordid money
makingr oligarchy? By what principle -will you
keep within the limits of moderation and Jus
tice the clamors of ; that united labor, whose
form, now looming up above the horizon, as
sumes to-day such amazing and portentous
proportions? By what conjuration 'or mighty
magic will you still the mutterings of that
tempest whose black and threatening - clouds
now cast their baleful shadow over the land?
By what principle, I ask, unless it b» that
of the Democracy of Jefferson, of the Democ- 1
racy of the Declaration of Independence, of
the Democracy of nature herself — the prin
ciple by which the pride of the arrogant shall
be humbled and the humility of the lowly shall
be lifted up— the >>principle of the universal
equality of man?
Let us then, fellow Democrats, renew our
fealty to the ancient tenets of our faith." Let
us engrave them upon our hearts. > Let us use
them as rallying cries in battle. Let us blazon
them In letters of light upon our banners. , Let
us. above all, emulate the patience of our great
teacher and the ¦ sublime confidence which
taught him to await the ultimate triumph of
truth, the enduring victory of Justice.'
At the close of the oration the Besslon
was adjourned without further ceremony.
When the hour came for the Onisba to
leave the guests were escorted to the
wharf by the local committee and the
band. JL»
lines. -T-
The, hot weather of the early part of
last week melted the snow very rapidly
in the mountains. This was followed by
thirty hours of 6teady rain, with the re
sult that the district is practically afloat.
Kootenay I^ake is thirty miles long, and
it Is now six feet higher than was ever
known before. All the wharves along the
water front are under water. Passengers
and freight are being landed on tempo
rary stagings.
The Cottonwood River became a torrent
yesterday morning. Three houses, two oc
cupied by gardeners and the third by one
of the officials of the Hall Mines smelter,
were swept down the gulch and into the
lake. In one R. Bloomfield was cooking
n steak for breakfast when a tidal wave
struck the side of the house. The occu
pant escaped with his life, and before a
minute had passed the house was carried
a quarter of a mile down the hill by the j
torrent. I
The principal damage was on the Nelson
and Fort Shephard line. Three buildings
were swept out, and damage was done to |
the track in many places. The flood had
been expected for the last ten days, and
as a consequence every arrangement was
made to secure conditions against loss of
life. Half a dozen other buildings have
been declared unsafe by the city author
ities and closed, so that all traffic is at a
standstill. This evening Nelson Is threat
ened with darkness, for both the electric
light and gas works are in immediate dan- ;
ger of being swept away. Temporary
dams are being constructed along the
river, and they may be saved in this way.
Yesterday afternoon the Canadian Pa
cific depot station buildings and yards
were threatened with overflow. The flood
broke through a temporary barricade and
an extra rush came down the mountain
tide. It looked as if the whole lower sec- j
tlon of the town would soon be over
whelmed, but a large number of citizens
immediately hurried to the scene and re
placed the temporary dam. The water
was still rising at last accounts.
Nelson ie the headquarters of the min- |
Ing section of Kootenay. More serious
floods are said to be probable on the
Frarer River. Many thousands of dollars
damage w&s done by Fraser River floods
in 1894. and a repetition is feared during
the present season. There is a great deal
of enow in the mountains, which will melt
very rapidly should warm weather come
suddenly.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 13.— Floods
of the streams flowing into Kootenay
Lake are doing great, damage around the
city of Nelson. Cottonwood River Is a
swollen torrent which cannot be contained
In the precipitous gulch that comes
through the western end of the town. Al
ready there have been three railroad
bridges washed out and other damage
dene. Traffic Is delayed on the- Nelson,
and Fort Shepard Railway and other
Special Dispatch to The • Call.
Gottonwood River in British
Columbia Is on a
Rampage.
City of Nelson Endan
gered by Rising
Waters.
FLOODS SWEEP
HOMES TO RUIN
There is a story of great historical in
terest in connection with the grant. Dur
ing the rebellion of General Sam Houston
against Mexico Greenberry Dorsey, father
of Samuel P. Dorsey, was Collector of tha
! Port at New Orleans and also a wealthy
: merchant in that city, as well as tha
owner of plantations in Cuba and numer
ous fast sailing schooners which were the
forerunners of the clipper ships of more
recent years. '
Greenberry Dorsey rendered financial aid
to General Houston, sending him supplies
without limit in his struggle for the inde
, pendence of Texas, and It Is a part of tn«
family tradition that It was with the se
cret consent of the American Government.
For this generosity, which was wholly
gratuitous so far as the thoughts of the
elder Dorsey were concerned, the State o£
Texas afterward granted him the lands.
Since that time no leas than forty al
leged heirs of Greenberry Dorsey nava
laid claim to the lands and have taken
possession and removed the timber for
which the lands were once quite valuable.
But Samuel P. Dorsey says he is the one
true heir and son of Greenberry Dorsey
and declares he has abundant proof.
Samuel P. Dorsey came to Grass Valley
in the early mining days. He Is the Prin
cipal owner and superintendent of tna
famous Maryland mine. He has been the
Grass Valley agent for the Wells-Fargo
Express Company since April 1, isa<- **«
Is now seventy-five years of age.
Greenberry Dorsey, the father, owned a
schooner that ran the British blockade of
Chesapeake Bay in the war of 1813 and
displayed her heels to all pursuers, escap
ing to the "West Indies for succor for the
American soldiers, which was secured and
landed at New Orleans in due time, Dor
sey fought In the battle of New Orleans
when General Packenham fell with a mor
tal •wound and his army was defeated by
the Invincible riflemen from Kentucky and
Tennessee under the command of General
Andrew Jackson.
GRASS VALLEY, May ID.— Samuel P.
Dorsey, an express agent and mining su
perintendent cf this city, has Just been
notified by a brother-in-law who lives In
Texas that a large grant of land of which
he is the principal heir is situated in tha
heart of the oil district. Within ten
miles is a well from which there la a dally
flow of 76,000 barrels. The land consists of
tracts of 320 acres each and there are 5000
acres in all. It is in Hardin County and
I three adjoining: counties.
Historical Interest Attaches
to the Dorsey Texas
Tract.
Learns of Prospec
tive Wealth.
HEIR TO LAND
RICH IN OIL
Grass Valley Pioneer
THE SAN FRAN* ISCO CALL, ;MONDAY, MAI S^ 190h;
CALIFORNIA'S DEMOCRACY HOLDS A CELEBRATION
IN THE HISTORIC OLD CAPITOL OVER IN BENICIA
Prominent Members of the Party Assemble for Observance of Its Semi=Gentennial and
Hear Eloquent Words of
2
APVFVttTTyF'M "ft NTH.
I New California Cheese >
« Pound, ioc J
?? Mild,* rich, creamy. . Regular, 15c Z',
I Select Eastern Hams
j| Pound, 12 i-.2c
<i Not too fat: not too lean,
ft Medium size. Sugar cured.
4> Everything Just right.
tt Monday only.
« Early Breakfast Coffee
I Roasted Pound, 15c
ft Strong aromatic flavor; rich color.
» Royal Baking Powder
I Pound Can, 38c
|| St. Lawrence XX Sweet
I -Wines Gallon, 60c
ii Port. Sherry, Angelica, Muscatel,'
>> Tokay, Madeira. Regular, $1.
| Old Tom Gin Bottle," 65c
5 "Her Majesty Brand." Regular,
} SOc.
\ Pure Jamaica Rum
I Bottle, 80c
} "Royal Brand." Regular, XL S
I Covington Club Whiskey
I Gallon, $2.50
5 Straight Bourbon, instilled 1S94.
I Hunter Rye Whiskey
1 Bottle, $1.00
? Original distillery bottling. Regu-
| lar. tf.25.
j- «Sunny Brook Whiskey
5 : Full Quart Bottle^ 95c
2 .rustlllery bottling. • Regular," $1.25.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S GRCATi
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A . Ch _ 1051 MA3ZXT ST.tt. fiaiTtt, S.T.C1I. i
\ HT T he Largest Anatomic*! Museum in tho \
# VOTe^ y«ld. W«aia«$j« O r any contracted A
2*. 9^*139 duea»ep»"l««»«»7e«»«dby tha oldest Y
4 tfl3fc£l DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ W fi]Sra3 Consultation free and strictly prfrite. \
m I jQwf fj Treatment personally or by letter. A M
1 IT «|| Ptnitiv Curt in erery c»«e undertaken. - \
m¥n \m *Hte for Book, miLOVOPaVaf i
r * If 1* M4BIIIACE. MAILED FRH3. ( AT
X £ cr valuable book for mm) . . \
f AB.JOBDAH <* CO., 1031 Market St.. S. F. f
DR.METERS&CO. 'J1P3&
Specialists. DU- &&&
ease and Weakness fiSS^
of men. Estab- fafef,
iished }m. con»ui- wm aS&Vt
tut Ion and prtvata \SUf, I jt-X. I
book free, at ottlc* 'ffiFxI
or by mall. Cures YWlJWrfi^*
Don't \ '
forget 1 1
¦" 1
1
Rootbeer !
£ias quenched >
your thirst for | i
many a year. ,
AE&c. r»eU»« make* fits cMIoivs, | '
X>e*1*n »rita (or epacUl offer. (
CHARLES E. HIRES CO., Mefccrn, Fa. (FOLSOM, May 19.— Henry Miller and
Louis Kline, J two convicts at the prison
here, while employed In whitewashing
with a spray pump yesterday, engaged
in a quarrel, and one is dead. During
the fight Kline took a. piece of Iron pipe
from the . spraying machine and struck
Miller on the head.
Miller was picked up In an unconscious
condition and carried to the hospital-.
The Injury he received from the blow re
sulted in bis death about 1 o'clock this
morning. An inauest will be held to
morrow.
One Prisoner. Strikes Another
on the Head With
Quarrel in the Folsom
Prison Results in a
. Death.
CONVICT LILLS
HIS COMPANION
-/."How : you ,'Engllsh ' can punish \ a good
story !" 4s the ."American - Duchess ; of ; Man
chester's tribute • to -. her; husband as ' a , ra
conteur.f/¦;•?: vv: \ ¦ ' - . . . «
As Christ Would Bun It.
A. J. Norton s of Marlon. ?Ind..; who , is
running his grocery store "as Christ would
run It, has departed ; radically .; from i the
conventional. He claims that- in thetwo
months during which ( he'; has-been I adher
ing strictly to his policy he has built up a
trade ."second to none r in v the ; city.".. -.¦ He
will not . sell tobacco,- cigars or anything
that contains liquor.; He will not deliver
goods sold, holding that his customers
should not be so , indolent as , to object >. to
carrying; their purchases. ...He makes pub
lic the cost price ; of • all , goods and ' sells
them on - very i small r margins.^ He ¦, carries
no Insurance,- saying that if the Lord wills
that : the ? store I be •¦¦ destroyed . by . fire ! his
will must be done.. He will-not permit any
swearing in'; his place, \ and < i would much
pref er ' t hat • people * of bad •'¦ temper should'
deal elsewhere.— Chicago Times-Herald.*
Death' ot Tacoma Judge.
' TACOMAr May' U.-Judge \V. H. Prich
ard of Tacoma'died at Olympla this morn
ing of pneumonia after, an illness of only
three days. - He was prominent in legal
and political circles and. was known
throughout the State. : y . . ..
LOS ANGELES, : May : 19.— Master Clair,
a San Francisco dogr, won the j forty-dog
stake from Mollie H. at the Los Angeles
Coursing Club's Park to-day, f ¦
Master Clair Beats Mollio H.-
M. de Witte's Political Career.
: By ¦ a ¦ curious . ! coincidence i Henry Nor
man's fifth article on Russia In the March
Scribner's deals with the career and econ
omic triumphs of Serge Yullevich - Witte.
the .Russian Minister 3 of Finance, .whose
'fecent- tariff measures have brought .'con
sternation to"& some American -J manufac
turers. • The author's reference to M. de
WItte's tarlft; war with Germany, in ISI'3
Is especially interesting in view of - th-i
present American episode. In that content
he showed rare powers for handling colos
sal economic issues with boldness and de
termination. ¦¦ "Since .hat time," says Mr.
Norman, --"his high; tariff neighbors :have.
taken good care to give'him no ground for
reprisals.*' '-?- ¦- ¦¦':¦¦¦} :¦.'¦'%"¦ :.V:V-
M any * Americans will ' be' i surprised to
learn on, such good authority that =M. > do
Witte: is "."probably; the .ablest, and-- most,
far-seeing; statesman"- in : Europe.* to-day
and certainly, no' other, exercises, so, grc.it
an : influence ; as he" upon'., the -"; course of
events." He *is 52 years - of ' age • and has
had a noteworthy career.- His father was
of " German - descent ,' and • his ; mother; be-'
longed to one of the dldest , families of-
Russian" nobles. ,'Af tet : graduation " from
the University of . Odessa . he ; entered .jour
nalism for '.-a. timeand then accepted' a
modest post on ' the Odessa railway. I Here
he rose; rapidlyj from grade : to' grade,: nt
length : becoming : manager of , several • rail
ways.'.V. While ¦ acting • in .this . capacity it
became, his. duty to - accompany : an -im
perial train that • met a • terrible • dlstastcr
at Borki, in which the Czar and his family
narrowly v escaped "death. . M. de .iWltte's
action in % this crisis ;,won the admiration
of ' the " Czar, < and he was : ordered : shortly
afterward;, to' come to St."; Petersburg and
take the post of Director of Railways.* 1 By
the . beginning t of 182S .; he ¦ had ¦ risen , by Uiis
unaided ability to ; the place of Minister, of
Finance, ;the: highest administrative posi
tion : in '¦ the Russian '-"•, empire.— Chicag a
Tribune.-. , •. . .- ' . • "
LONDON, May 19.— Only now are peopler
at Windsor and the royal retainers begin
ning 'to realize what the death of Queen
Victoria meant to them. Sweeping changes
were- inaugurated this week in the royal
establishments. The older servants are
being pensioned. Frazer, the late Queen's
police- superintendent, "almost as familiar
a figure as the Queen herself on public
occasions, goes" into retirement, and head
keepers and gardeners disappear into, the
obscurity of the pension list.
The King is putting his house into'order
with ' a vengeance. • The Prince Consort's
rooms, -which had been closed for many
years by Queen ' Victoria's order and
which were kept as thqy were at the, time
of his death; have been opened and refur
nished in modern* style, and the state
apartments have . been transformed into
-rooms where the 'members of the royal
family can live in comfort. . The jubilee
presents and many favorite pictures of
Queen Victoria have been sent to London,
and the Queen's personal belongings have
been distributed among the members of
"her family. ,. Even her dogs have not es
caped the. new order. The smooth-coated
collies, .which were her special favorites,
have been distributed among the people
of 'Windsor, and the other collies, dachs
hunds and t Pomeranians, about seventy
in all, have', been claimed by various
Princesses, for King Edward and Queen
Alexandra care little for anything but ter
riers and pugs. ¦
; Next month 5000 dozens'* of costly wine
from the late Queen's cellars ' will be sold
at public auction in -London. \ Each bottle
will have the rbyal label on\lt. Various
reasons are given for this almost unpre
cedented action.. The most probable con
sists in the fact that royal hospitality is
now generally confined to whisky • and
soda and champagne, and to the lapse of
the practice by which court functionaries
formerly ; received daily a bottle of Ma
deira or port as pfcrt of their salaries. -
iAll these things come as a shock to the
people, -who had: almost grown to believe
that Queen Victoria '.would live forever." "-
Past Retiring (5ld Ser
(.. ¦,. vants of Victoria's
Household.
Monument to Famous Composer.
LONDON, May 19.— The Dean and Chap T
ter of St. -Paul's Cathedral have given
their.'approval to the suggestion of friends
and admirers of the late Sir Arthur Sul
livan, that a monument to his memory be
placed In the ; cathedral, and an influential
committee has been formed to carry out
the idea. It is also proposed by the com
mittee to endow a scholarship to be called
thevArthur Sullivan scholarship at the
Royal Academy of Music and to erect a
statue. to the composer on the Thames em
bankment.
EDWARD MAKES
MANY CHANGES
PHILADELPHIA, May 19.— Visiting del
egates to the Presbyterian general assem
bly to-day filled the pulpits of Philadel
phia and Camden, N. J.. churches. The
Mecca of most of the lay* commissioners
was Calvary Church, where the assembly
is Eitting and where the moderate/, Rev.
Dr. Henry C. Minton of California,
preached his first sermon as the presiding
officer of the assembly. Dr. Minton took
for his subject the parable of Christ re
storing eight to a blind man, emphasizing
that the miracle was effected gradually
Said he: .
"We are born blind, for a cataract of
sin covers our eyes. Multitudes have re
ceived the first touch, but want the sec
ond. This is a day when the church- of
God should be on guard against the intel
ligence of her faith. -We believe in creeds
of course, but we Presbyterians forget
that creeds are by no means all. We
boast of intelligence, but we should be
wary lest our glory become our shame
"The mystic element is needed to give
tenderness to the soul, but Christianity
like Mohammedism, has its whirling Der
vlshen. Some see but a long line of sin
cere purpose and ethical endeavor It is
not enough to be sincere; one must be
right."
B The moderator sounded a note of warn
ing regarding the public schools. Said he
"God forbid that I should say an ill
word against our public school system
the safeguard of our nation; but is the'
educational machinery subsidiary to the
only worthy end of fashioning character?
Have we; so morbidly afraid of uniting
church with state, gone so far as to dis
unite God from the state? This is a most
serious question. The faith of our sons
and daughters is involved, and the king
dom of God In our country is involved
"It is not an organized skepticism that
threatens, but a God-forgotten secular
ism."
The Rev. J. Milton Greene, D.'« D. now
stationed in Havana, but formerly of San
Juan, Porto Rico, where he organized
Presbyterian missions, created a profound
sensation in a sermon this, evening bv
severely, criticising the alleged immora'l
conduct of United States soldiers in Porto
R5co. Dr. -Greene addressed the meeting
on the conditions existing in that island
He said the conduct of the United States
soldiers was a. disgrace to humanity
Twenty drunken soldiers, he said, could
bo seen on the streets to one drunken na
tive. . -- : ."-/ .'/.>•/.
The lawlessness of the soldiers, he con
tinued, was . proverbial. • He attacked tne
present system under which the chaplain,
worked, and said some one ought to ap
peal to the Government for a system by
which the spiritual welfare of our soldiers
could be better looked af ten *
Moderator Minton Says
Christianity Has Its
Dervishes.
THIS is the day upon "which the
wage-workers in the iron trades
have agreed to walk out unless the
proprietors meet the demands
made by them. Every machine
shop in San Francisco^ will be open this
morning. What the men who are demand
ing an increase in pay will do Is not defi
nitely known, but It seems certain that
they will refuse to go to work unless their
demands are acceded to. ,
No unusual precautions to prevent vio
lence have been taken by thelpollce de
partment. There lb a spirit of concilia
tion, as far as this city is concerned.
A meeting of the machinists interested*
in the outcome was held yesterday at the
Turk-street Temple. The session was
long, but orderly. The results were not
disclosed by the executive officers, Sec
retary Wlsler flatly refusing to give out
any information about the prospects.
The managers of the leading machine
works say that a week's or a month's
idleness will mean but little to them and
that they are prepared to meet the issue. !
Vice President Irving M. Scott of the
Union Iron Works fays that he, in con
junction with other employers of labor, is
willing to meet each machinist, listen to
bis personal grievance, and accord to him
all that may be his due. As to the other
factors involved, he says that each c»n
dition will be met as the occasion occurs.
At the headquarters of the Labor Coun- |
cil It was stated that nothing had so far
been done to select a man to preside as
arbitrator between the employers and the
employes. The matter is now entirely in
the hands of the executive committee of
that body and upon its good judgment
may depend the result of the conflict.
The walking out of a large number of
machinists and men affiliated with the
iron trades would affect some subsidiary
branches and involve a large number of
men who are unwilling to strike. . '
responsy in New England to-morrow as
has been anticipated. The movement will
be seen in its full strength in Boston,
where about 1S0O machinists will strike.
To-day twelve large concerns granted the
men's demands. In Providence 500 ma
chinists will go out from two shops!
The situation in Connecticut is serious.
The strikers will be, it seems, confined to
a portion only of Connecticut cities, but
where they will occur they will be very
general and will accomplish virtually a
complete tieing up of the machinists",
screw workers' and metal workers' in
dustries. Hartford, Waterbury, Bridge
port, New Britain and the neighboring
•cities of Ansonia and Derby are the. storm
center. In these an estimated total of 6000
men will be idle when tha opening time
comes to-morrow morning.
Strike Averted in Denver.
DENVER. May 19.— The threatened
strike of the manufacturing machinists
has been averted, the local members of
the National Metal Trades Association
having been granted the nine-hour, day
and the scale of wages demanded by the
Machinists' Union.
Buffalo Machinists Will Strike.
BUFFALO, N. Y., May 19.— All the ma
chinists employed by the Lehigh Railway
system will strike to-morrow. About 1200
machinists in all in Buffalo.
CHURCH OF GOD
FACES DANGER
WASHINGTON. May 19.— The
strike order issued by the ex
ecutive board of the Interna
tional Order of Machinists
goes into effect at 7 o'clock to
morrow morning. President O'Connell
said to-night that about 50,000 men would
be affected. The order instructs the men
to refuse to go to work in all shops where
notices granting the nine hours' work day
have not been posted at 7 o'clock.
The officers of the association expect
that in many cases a settlement will be
reached during to-morrow and that the
men will return to work during the day
or Tuesday morning. Word came to-day
that all the firms in St. Louis and also
all those in New Orleans have acceded to
the demands of the men. Scattered re
ports from ether cities favorable to the
men were received. The estimate now Is
that 35 per cent of the employing firms
have tfgned. At least 25,000 union ma
chinists were working nine hours or less
when the question was taken up by the
association.
The 50.000 men who will suspend work
are scattered all over the country. The
national officers are hopeful that speedy
attempts will be made Jn most of the
Eastern cities to adjust the differences,
but they fear a more prolonged struggle
on the Pacific Coast. The Union • Iron
Works at San Francisco, where the bat
tleship Ohio is being built, and other large
concerns are preparing to resist the de
mand.
Jn a number of cities there are ques
tions pending between the employers and
the men which may operate to prevent
decisive action to-morrow, but which may
be settled for or against* the strike in a
day or two. These include cities where
counter-propositions have been made by
the manufacturers and where conferences
with headquarters at Washington may be
necessary before action is taken. In these
instances compromises may be reached.
President O'Connell received on Satur
day a check for $1050 from the machinists
in the Washington navy yard to aid the
men on strike. These machinists are not
concerned directly in the differences with
employers which underlie the strike, but
in a letter to Mr.. O'Connell they stated
their interest in the triumph of their fel
low workmen, and promised him that sub
stantial financial contributions could be
expected from them every week toward
the support of those who will be out of
work.
MAY AVERT GENERAL STRIKE.
Leaders of Machinists Are Hopeful
of an Amicable Settlement.
NEW TOUR. May 19.— Whether to-mor
row is to see the beginning of a machin
ists' strike that shall rival the one in the
engineering trades in England which
X'layed so Important a part in the opening
of the markets of the world to the Ameri
cans is problematical. Leading labor men
and representatives of the leading em
ployers said to-day that they thought
pending questions would be settled with
out any general strike. It was intimated
that J. Pierpont Morgan might be ap
pealed to and requested to use his influ
ence w^th the great industrial combina
tions in the interests of peace.
Meetings of machinists were held at va
rious places in this city to-day to. discuss
the local situation. After getting reports
from all the shops in the metropolitan
district the conclusion was reached that
fhops employing alxiut one-half of all the
machinists in the greater city would grant
the r.ine-hour day and the. 12^2 per cent
increase in wages without trouble and
that not more than 4000 men at the outside
would eo out on strike.
. Among the big shops In New Tork City
¦where strikes are considered among the
possibilities are the Garvan Machine Com
pany, where about 2-*>0 machinists are em
ployed: the Hoe works, with about 800 ma
chinists, and the General Incajidescent
Arc Light Company, with 250 machinists.
In Brooklyn, the Worthington Pump
Works, with 100 machinists, may experi
ence a strike. Trouble is also expected at
several New Jersey cities and towns. At
PIninfleld. N. J.. it is expected to-night
that 1000 machinists out of 1200 employed
in that city will go out to-morrow morn
ing. Newark is expecting a strike in the
morning In three of the four big com
panies there. The fourth, the Crocker-
Wheeler Company, has agreed to compro
mise with the men at nine and one-half
hours. At C'amden. the indications are
that there will be a considerable number
<jf machinists go out.
All Union Machinists of Chicago
Iraac Cowen ol the Amalgamated Soci
pty of Engineers reported to the Central
Ffr-oerated Union to-day that the 20,000
members of the organization in this coun
try had decided to assist the machinists
fn their general movement for a nine-hour
Tvork dav.
?
MIDDLE WEST JOINS STRIKE.
Will Answer the Call.
CHICAOO. May 19.— The Chicago Feder
ation of Labor to-night indorsed the de
mands of the International Association of
Machinists and pledged Its moral and
financial support during the struggle
which the machinists will inaugurate to
morrow. According to the decision of the
executive board of District No. 8, Interna
tional Association of Machinists, repre
senting all union machinists of Chicago
and vicinity, the general strike will go
Into effect in this city to-morrow morning.
In a dozen shops the men will refuse to
work unless their employers agree to
grant their demands. The pattern-makers
at the Gates Iron Works and at the Fras-
er & Chalmers machinery manufacturing
plant have decided to make a demand for
3ZVi cents an hour and if the demand is
not granted to go on strike.
St. Louis advices state that forty-four of
the largest machine shops in the city have
signed the nine-hour agreement, leaving
only four large concerns which have not
signed. Three of the latter decided to-day
to continue at work in the hope of effect
ing| a compromise.
At Louisville, Ky., the Indications are
to-night that 500 machinists will be Idle
to-morrow. Only one employer has grant
ed the men's demands. Indianapolis re
ports that 175 machinists out of 862 in that
•city, and twenty boilermakers out of sixty
two will strike to-morrow. In St. Paul
the order for the strike of machinists will
not be obeyed. About 200 of the 400 union
machinists in Kansas City, who struck a
week ago to enforce the local demands,
will remain out to-morrow in respect to
the general demand for nine hours. The
other 200 men have alreadv returned to
work and the indications are they will not
strike.
RAILWAYS AGAIN .OPERATING.
Heavy Fall of Rain Keeps the People
Within Doors at Albany.
ALBANY. N. Y.. May 19.-The incidents
of this, the first day of active operations
of all the railways, have been few be
cause of the heavy fall of rain. The two
men shot by National Guardsmen were
buried this afternoon. The pouring rain
kept away the thousands of sightseers
that otherwise would have been present.
The departure of the Twenty-third Regi
ment early this morning was the second
feature of the day. and stirring sermons
In many city pulpits aided in ,closing the
incident.
The funeral of Leroy Smith was devoid
of incident except that it was attended by
the city official:: and the directors of the
street railway company. At the funeral
of William Walsh there was nearly a riot.
While the services were proceeding in the
church the crowd that had been unable
to gain admittance saw a uniformed sol
dier coming down the street. Instantly
the people were In a state of ferment. A
rush was made for the soldier, but a few
wise heads held the crowd back for a
minute, while several others advised the
man to run. Arguing that discretion was
the better part of valor, he did run, and
the trouble was avoided. .
The starting out of the first car of the
Inter-City line shortly after noon to-day
was the cause of a demonstration. Pistols
were fired, flags waved, torpedoes were
placed on the track and exploded, the
motormen and conductors wore flags on
their coats and fully 200 men and women
fought for the privilege of the first ride.
SITTJATTON' IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Over Six Thousand Machinists Pre-
pare to Leave Workshops.
SCRANTON, Pa., May 19.— It looks to
night as if all the 3000 machinists of
Scranton and vicinity will be on strike to
morrow. . - --
The 1000 Scranton and "Wllkesbarre em
ployes of the Dickson Manufacturing
Company's machine shops to-day refused
to acctDt the company's offer of a nine
hour day and arbitration, of' the wage
question. They will go on strike in the
morning.
PHILADELPHIA, May 19.— About 2000
machinists will go on strike in this city
to-morrow. Committees of machinists
will call on the Baldwin Locomotive
Works, Cramps' Shipbuilding Company,
the Midvale Steel works, Pennsylvania
Iron Works Company and the Southwark
Ircn Fotlndry. which firms employ about
1500 men, and if the committee* are not
successful in their efforts Agent Keegan
spys the men who belong to the union
will be immediately called out.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. May 19.— The Le
high Valley Railroad and the Jersey Cen
tral have declined to grant the demands
of the machinists employed in their shops
here. The men will go out on strike to
morrow. About 1400 men are affected.
AWAIT ARRIVAL OF LEADERS.
Indications "Point to the Greatest
Strike in Ohio's History.
CINCINNATI, O.. May 19.— No agree
ment has been reached between the Ma
chinists' Union and the National Metal
Trades' Association and one of the great
est strikes in the industrial history of this
city will be Inaugurated to-morrow unless
the labor leaders succeed in bringing the
warring interests together. President
Gompers of the American Federation of
I*abor will arrive to-morrow to take
charge of the strike.
About 4000 of the 6000 machinists of this
city will be Involved In the strike.
CLEVELAND. O.. May 19.— The greater
-number of the unioA machinists of this
city are already on strike. About twenty
five factories will be affected and 1200 men
will^je idle. Eleven ' Email concerns have
agreed to pay the union scale and concede
the reduced hours.
YOUNGSTOWN, O.. May 19.— The dif
ferences between ths Roll Turners'. Union
and the Republic Iron and Steel Company
may soon be settled. The Steel Hoop
Company is willing to pay more than th«
sxale of wages, but will not recognize the
union.
TN NEW ENGLAND STATES.
Twelve Boston Concerns Grant the
Union's Demands.
BOSTON, May 19.— The call for a ma
chinists' strike will not find such a hearty
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 14OO G STREET. X. W., WASHINGTON. May 19. — -Here Is a table of'the prin
cipal cities affected by the machinists' strike, as given out by President O'Connell: ,•
Xew York, Brooklyn and Chicago, III l.OOO- Grand Rapid*, Mich.. . . COO
vicinity 3. OOO Indianapolis. Intl.. ........ l.OOO' SInskegon, Mich.. ....... . . BOO
Jersey City, X. J O OO Cincinnati, Ohio . .. 2,500 Bay City. Mich.. 500
Trenton, X. J «00 Ilnntsville. Ohio 800 Baltimore, Md. .'.....,1,000
Elizabethport, X. J 5OO Dayton. Ohio SOO Richmond. Va. .1,000
Wllmtng-ton, Del oOO* liufTnlo, X. V... ............ 1,000 Norfolk. Va. . 5OO
»w England States.. 15,000 Dunkirk, X. Y 1,000 Portsmouth, Va 500
Philadelphia, Pa 2.5OO Rochester, X. Y.. GOO Charleston, S; C... ......... 500
San Francisco, Cal T.OOO Syracuse. X. 'Y. OOO Atlanta, Ga. OOO
Denver. Colo ; l.OOU . Seneca Kalis. X. Y... ....... COO Savannah, Ga... ........... 5OO
Kansas City, Mo. 1,000 Sehenectady, X. Y 1.000 .
Milwaukee, Wis 1,000 Detroit. Mich 1,000 Total 50,500
There are establishments In niany smaller places scattered all over the country Tvlicre the terms
of the association have not been agreed to, where the strike will so Into effect. Places where less than
500 men are affected are not given in the table. -
5TRIKE WILL AFFECT MANY THOUSANDS OF WORKINGMEN.
ANOTHER native son of the Golden
West has won lasting , honor in
the East. Martin 'A;. Meyer has
>been appointed a . fellow of the
American Archaeological School
at. Jerusalem.. and .will spend a' year In
Palestine doing special work for that so
ciety in the -unexplored regions of the
Holy Land.._ . " v
Candidates' for the fellowship, which,
besides the expenses of a, year's sojourn
in Palestine, carries "with " it a bonus of
$500, had to pass a very rigid examination.
Among, the -subjects were Latin, ; Greek,
Hebrew, Arabic, Syriac, Aramaic and the
geography of Palestine. Two of the con
testants.were professors from Eastern col
leges, ; the greater portion of whose;
has. been spent. in the study.of Latin and
Greek and the other . dead languages. Mr.
Meyer carried off the coveted honor, how
ever, and Professor Thayer of the Boston
School of Theology expressed himself in
the, warmest terms of praise regarding the
young man's merits as a scholar and con
gratulated the Hebrew Union College upon
Ithe success obtained by its representative.
Rabbi-elect Meyer, who has thus dis
tinguished himself, is. only, twenty-three
years of ase. He is the eldest son. of
Charles Meyer, the well-known merchant
tailor of this city, and received his early
training in the public schools of San Fran
cisco. - From his birth he was dedicated to
the service of the synagogue, so when he
passed through the High Schoolwlth fly-
MASKED FOOTPADS BEAT
>"•'- : AND BOB A DEAF MUTE
Waylay Him on His Way Home and
11 Relieve Him of His
-. Money.
J. S. Downey, a deaf mute who Is em
ployed in the Gas, Kitchen on Thirteenth
near Washington street. Oakland, was
waylaid on his way home last night by
two masked footpads and robbed ofi $18. all
the -money In his possession at the time.
The robbery occurred 'shortly after mid
night at the head of the boulevard near
the corner of Third avenue and Ei£nt
eentn street.
Downey did not see the footDads until
they stepped out in front of him and com
manded him to throw up his hands. Being
unable to. hear, he paid no attention to
their demands, and. in consequence was
brutally "beaten over the head with^the
butt end of a revolver.
After they had beaten their victim into
a tfrelpless condltlpn the footpads pro
ceeded to rifle his pockets of their con
tents. - _ .¦' '..'..
The hold-up was reported : to the police
as soon as possible, but Downey was un
able to • give a good description of the
footpads. « • . ;•"
- Word has been received here that Martin A.
Meyer has just been appointed a fellow of the
American Archaeological ¦ School at Jerusalem,
after^a competitive examination out of which
the young rabbinical candidate came with first
honors. We have news that Rabbi-elect Meyer
will accept the fellowship, go to Jerusalem
next October, and spend one year with an
archaeological expedition to do some original
work In the - still unexplored ruins of ancient
Palestine. That is a wise conclusion of which
we heartily approve. We can spare Mr. Meyer
from the pulpit for a year or two, but the
honor of having a Jewish scholar represented
in the annual archaeological expeditions of the
American school is one not to be underesti
mated. That it has come to Mr. Meyer is an
attestation of his own Intellectual merits and
a source of pride to all San Francisco, where
this lad was born, and where he received his
first, training.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger has this to say
of the young man's success in Emanu-El:
ing colors his father placed him under pri
vate tutors until he should be of age to
enter college. "When - the time came he
went to the University of Cincinnati and
graduated the day he reached his major
ity. From the university the young stu
dent went to ' the Hebrew Union College
and next month will receive his degree
from that institution and will be duly or
dained a rabbi.
Thousands of Sightseers
Throng City of
BUFFALO, May 19.— The eve of the ded
ication of the Pan-American Kxposition
sees a welcome break in a cheerless rain
storm, a city gay in' a dress of bunting
and a happy people proud of the realiza
tion of their hope and work of two years.
To-morrow at noon, after a parade, partly
military and partly civic, with ceremonies
of dignity becoming the occasion, the
great fair will be dedicated to the liberal
and peaceful arts, which it typifies. Dedi
cation day will find the Rainbow city al
most ready for its pleasure-seeking popu-i
lation. The great buildings in the exposi
tion city -are practically completed, but
the installation of exhibits has proceeded
very "slowly and completeness in that -re
spect stretches away to some indefinite
date in June. There has been a cpneen
tration of energy in the-effort to prepare
the exposition grounds for the opening
ceremonies, and . an immense v amount has
been accomplished in the last twenty-four
hours. ' * . —
An army of 3000 men is engaged in clean
ing the buildings, grounds and streets,
and thousands of carpenters, painters and
other artisans are at work on and in the
buildings. The last of the network of scaf
folding, that, for weeks has enveloped
buildings- and towers is being torn away,
and the exterior view to-morrow will be
marred by . but : few signs of incomplete
ness. The scenes within the grounds to
day were interesting. The sun fought its
way through rain and clouds by noon, and
a bright afternon : brought, thousands of
visitors. The tenants of the Midway were
idle for the day, and many of the attend
ants at the foreign exhibits mingled with
the crowd and gave it a cosmopolitan air.
The Mexican, band gave a concert, in the
plaza and drew , a large . crowd about the
stand. .-...¦" ¦ '. : \ •'; '
The city is. rapidly filling with visitors,
and if to-morrow, dawns bright it is esti
mated that 150,000 persons will participate
in the ceremonies. Vice President Roose
velt, accompanied by the "members of his
family, arrived to-night." Senators Hanna
and Henry Cabot Lodge reached | here to
day ; and spent 'the 'afternoon at the
grounds. The; members of _the St. Louis
Exposition directorate, were also- conspic
uos visitors. • :
The directors .of the St. Louis Exposi
tion were banqueted to-nighf by the "di
rectors of the , Pan-American J Exposition.
PEKING, May .-. 19.— General Chaff ee at
midnight last night issued a fareweir or
der ending the American, relief expedition
in China. The American troops will board
the transports next Wednesday at Taku
and on. Thursday will leave direct for
Manila. • ¦ - » -¦"¦¦¦ '
M. -Pichon, the French Minister,- left
here for home this .morning. • • •. -. , •
A meeting of the foreign Ministers will
be held to-morrow, but it is not likely
that much will be accomplished, as some
of the Ministers have not yet received in
structions' froiri their home governments.
The Ministers, commenting upon the
blame attached to; them by the people for
their slowness, say that as a matter of
fact they are powerless to act without or
ders from home. One of the. foreign Min
isters said yesterday that he had been in
structed to co-operate heartily with the
other Ministers. -He found upon consulta
tion with ..his colleagues- that their in
structions were absolutely different from
his. Consequently co-operation was prac
tically impossibie. . . >
RUSSIA CHAFES UBTDEB, DELAY.
High Official Says England Prevents
Peace in China. { ¦' ,
Special Cable to The Call and New York-Her
. aid. Copyright. 1301, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. .'....
ST. . PETERSBURG, May .19. -In an j in
terview a couple of weeks ago. the Her
ald was able to give" the views of lead
ing statesmen in Berlin, as to the senti
ment existing in German political circles
in regard to the United States. ¦ '.¦¦•;
To-day the Herald is able to give from
the Russian political and diplomatic cap
ital an equally authentic statement from
just as high a source.. It may be taken
as equally official, and therefore repre
senting the jfeelings of the Russian Gov
ernment toward the United States, 'and
also, in a measure, Russia's views upon
the Chinese question ,and its immediate
necessities. . / ¦."' . .
"Naturally I, first asked his opinion of
the attitude of the United States in the
Chinese question. He replied: .
"It has been a matter of sincere pleas
ure to me to note that America,* without
any prearranged plans or communications,
has, each time there has been a division
of opinion, found herself on . the same
side as Russia and of the same "opinion."
"Is Russia anxious toget out of China
as soon as possible?"
"We are out; and so are the Americans.
But so long 1 as large forces of troops re
main the necessary conditions -for prompt
settlement cannot exist."
"England makes trouble there, does she
not?" .
Diplomatically avoiding any direct re
ply to this query, his Excellency said:
"It seems a terrible pity to cause de
lays by working up fresh objections when
everything appears to be ready for set
tlement. On such occasions this' action
means a renewal ol communication with
home - . governments and consequent, de
lay." • ¦'¦ '
"And Germany— is she not making
trouble by delays and by sending wild
expeditions up country and incensing the
people?" ' . -
"Germany, I think, is all right now.
Expeditions for chastising people are al
ways dangerous. Some are : killed, but
the remainder become brigands, and,
therefore, sources of danger.". •- .
Korea Leases Land to Japan.
YOKOHAMA. May 19.-According to ad
vices from Seoul the Korean Government
has leased' to Japa!n"430 acres of land-to
form a settlement at Masanpho. The land
in ; question was formerly anxiously sought
by Russia. - . ¦'..¦' • .¦•" . " s
DEDICATION DAY
AT EXPOSITION
Troops Will Board Transports
Wednesday and Rsturn
to' Manila. WBm
Terminates the Ameri
can Relief Expedition ¦¦¦•
- r\: in China.
CHAF FEE ISSUES
FAREWELL ORDER
FIFTY THOUSAND MACHINISTS
TO QUIT THEIR POSTS TO-DAY
• , • ¦ * "
San Francisco Employers Will Open Their Shops as
Usual and Await Action of Tien.
nartin Heyer Appointed Fellow of American
Archaeological School at Jerusalem/
NATIVE SON OF GOLDEN
WEST WINS DISTINCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' MON DAYi} MAY; 20, 190 If
3
Allis-Chalmers Company,
Organized Under the Laws of the State of New Jersey.
Preferred Stock, > $16,250,000
f Common Stock, - 20,000,000
MANUFACTURERS .OF HEAVY ENGINES, MINING AND
OTHER MACHINERY.
*• . <
SEVEN PER CENT. CUMULATIVE AND CONVERTIBLE
-'. PREFERRED STOCK.
OFFERED BY THE UNDERSIGNED FOR SALE AT 105 PER CENT.
- . ¦ ¦ " ¦ \ . ''¦•'-
payable, with accrued dividend, at the rate of seven per cent, per annum from May 1. 1W1
50 per cent. May 24 f 1901, v
with the privilege of anticipating the latter payment. Negotiable receipts will be Issued
against payments, exchangeable for engraved certificates of stock as soon as they can be
prepared. . .
The Preferred Stock, . In shares of $100 each. Is preferred in liquidation to the amount
of Its par value and accumulated dividends.
It Is preferred In cumulative dividends to the extent of seven, per cent, per annum, and
. has a further preference of one per cent., non-cumulative, after the payment of seven per
cent, upon the Common Stock.
. It Is convertible Into Common Stock, share for share, at the option of the bolder,
upon any first day of May until and including May 1. 1921, exclusive of any declared divi-
dends.
No additional Preferred Stock can be Issued at less than par In cash, or for property
- at such cash value.
The •certificate of Incorporation . confers authority upon the Board of Directors, in. their
discretion, to declare and pay dividends on the Common Stock concurrently with the Pre- *
ferred Stock, when earned and ¦ applicable thereto^
The fiscal year of the company commences May 1. The Preferred Stock Dividends ar«
payable quarterly, commencing August 1. 1901. - Application : will be duly made to list the
Preferred and Common Stocks on the New Tork - Stock Exchange.
The Allis-Chalmers, Company represents the consolidation of the property • and business
of the following builders of heavy machinery:-
The Edward P. Allis Co., of Milwaukee, Wis.
Fraser & Chalmers, Incorporated, of Chicago, III. •
•>?; Gates Iron Works, of Chicago, 111.
Dickson Mfg. Co , ol Scranton, Pa. (exc'inive of Locomotive Works),
All property acquired is to be conveyed In fee and free front mortaraare «rr
.. other lien. ' " • .
No mortgage can be placed upon the property without the assent of seventy-five per
cent, of the amount of Preferred Stock outstanding. .
i. The expert engineer. Mr. Julian Kennedy, reports, after several personal examinations
of the properties, . that he estimates "the value of the plants, taking into account the real
estate, buildings, machinery, tools. | patterns, drawings and patents, together with the cost
of organizing and sretttns Into full operation, bnt not estimating: anything for
Brood will, at *O,935,OOO.»
He further reports, under date of April 5, 1901. as follows:
."I. find the plants all running at ¦ their fullest capacity. The great bulk of the tools
in all of these are comparatively new, having been put in within the last seven or eight
'years, and all the works are in good condition and running smoothly."
The security of the Preferred Stock., without any consideration for the ad-
vantncesi accruing: from the consolidation, for the valnnble crood Trill
-: of; the dfvernl Companion, so "long and favorably known all over the world. Mr
for the* earning capacity of the. united Companies, willbe substantially as follows:
Ca»h Capital .................... . . ..... .$10,000,000
of which sum iJt2.oOO,<DOO will be expended In the »
erection of an additional plant to donble the prea-
- ent capacity of the A1H» Work*.
Valuation an above of existing? plants owned In fee
nnd free of lien. 9,035,000
Total present value of tangible property 910,035,000
The total Inane of Preferred Stock against this prop- •
erty is... ..., ...... 10,250,000
all of which Is Issued for cash at par, or. In lieu of cash, for the plants at less than thet>
valuation as above stated, and of which total Issue there will be more than 61 per cent,
in cash, and the balance will, be In property " that produces much more than the.cumu-
lative dividend to* which the Preferred Stock is entitled.
Of the total Preferred Stock; $7,850,000 has been accepted by the original Companies "in
lieu of cash. In part payment for their properties to' be ¦ conveyed to this Company. The
remaining $8,400,000 Is now offered for sale to provide for, the discharge of. existing mort-.
gages and for part of the above-mentioned Cash Capital, .the remainder thereof being pro-
vided by the sale of Common Stock already consummated. .
- - The accounts of the several concerns hav« been examined by Messrs. , Jones, Caesar ft
i Co.. chartered accountants, who certify "that the combined profits of these Companies. In
each of the last two fiscal years, after making full provisions for depredation and bad '-
debts, but without charging Interest and ¦ management salaries, exceeded the amount re-
quired to pay seven per cent, dividends upon $16,250,000 Preferred . Stock, whilst for the last ,
.fiscal year the profits, as above defined, ' considerably exceeded such amount." It was not
until the last year that the new works of Fraser '. & .. Chalmers came into full operation.
The net profits for the fiscal year ending May 1. 1902. ; are estimated by the chief offi-
cials of the respective companies, without any allowance for increase of manufacturing
¦ capacity^ or for the economies of consolidation, or Increase of prices, at sufficient to pay
¦ dividends at the rate. of seven per cent, on: the $16,250,000 Preferred ¦ Stock and about four
per cent, on $20,000,000 of. Common Stock. Including the economies from consolidation con-
fidently anticipated by, these authorities, the net profits for the same period should ex- r
ceed the amount required to pay seven per cent.^dividends on both classes of stock..
The ¦ same officials similarly estimate that upon the completion of the additional Allls
Works, now In process of construction, ' the profits will be equivalent to eight per cent, on
.$16,250,000 .of Preferred Stock and ten • per cent, on $20,000,000 of Common Stock, with a
material addition. to the Surplus Account. -. '
,. i 'The *'AI11».' Frn»er Jfc Chalmers and Gates Iron Work* plants have
been operated nleht and day during the past lew years, and have,
from lnck of capacity, declined in that period as much business a«
' they have been able to accept.'
¦The business of these concerns, .with more than fifty per cent, increase of capacity and
ample cash capital, will be conducted by. the Messrs. Allia and Reynolds, of E. Pr Allls
¦ Company; "W. J. Chalmers, of Fraser & Chalmers, and Gates & Hoyt, of Gates Iron
Works, who have successfully managed their .respective works for many years.
The Board of Directors has been constituted aa follows: . .
•; EDWARD 'D. '.'ADAMS. New York. .CHARLES A1AAS, Milwaukee.
M ARK T. COX. Orance, N. J. WILLIAM W. ALLIS, Milwaukee.
' WM.L.ELKIXS JR.. Philadelphia. FRANK G. BIGELOW, Milwaukee.
\ ELBERT H. GARY,. New* York. :- W..J. CHALMERS, Chicago.
* HENRY; W. HOYT, Chicago.' JAMES.H. ECKELS. Chicago.
William a: read, Xew.York. , max pabi, chicaaro. v
•JAMES STILLMAN/ New. York. EDWIN REYNOLDS. Milwaukee. .
• - t - CORNELIUS VANDERBILT. New York.
• -The regularity, of the Incorporation of the 'Allis-Chalmers Company and the validity Of
' the Issue of its securities are certifies to by Messrs. Strong & Cadwalader. of New Tork.
and : Messrs. . Pam,- Calhoun ¦ & ¦ Glennon. of Chicago.^ .
' The accounts ; of the , Company "will • be : regularly" audited by Chartered 'Accountants.
i SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR THE ABOVE-DESCRIBED PREFERRED STOCK
WILL BE RECEIVED ' AT THE ' OFFICES OF; THE "UNDERSIGNED UN-
TIL THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON ; TUESDAY, - THE , 21ST DAY OF 'MAY."
SUBJECT TO THE RIGHT. RESERVED TO REJECT ANY OR ALL SUB- -
SCRIPTIONS. AND TO CLOSE THE SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME WITH-
OUT. NOTICE. ¦ TEMPORARY RECEIPTS WILL BE " ISSUED ' PENDING
THE . PREPARATION;. OF .ENGRAVED CERTIFICATES.
The entire amount of a this Issue has been! underwritten. ¦
AFTER" PERSONAL ;".. INVESTIGATION WITH THE ASSISTANCE OF EXPERTS IN
THEIR I RESPECTIVE ' LINES, OF ' THE PROPERTIES, BUSINESS AND EXECUTIVE
" ADMINISTRATION TO • BE REPRESENTED " BY THE ALLIS-CHALMERS COMPANY,
WE RECOMMEND ITS , PREFERRED . STOCK AS A MANUFACTURING INVESTMENT.
: IN THE SECURITY, EARNINGS AND MANAGEMENT OP WHICH WE HAVE EN-
TIRE CONFIDENCE.
Vermilye & Company,
* ¦ Jl&y 17« 1901. / * •¦¦_^_
¦ Digestive,
' UJ^^0^^' The woncJer ful tonic properties of
ANHEUSER-BUSCrTS
—The Great Food Drink,
make it invaluable to nursing mothers,
feeble children, the aged, infirm and con-
valescent. It strengthens and produces
flesh. Sold by druggists. Prepared by
Anheuser-BuschBrewingAss'n
•St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black & Tan and Exquisite. 'Lord Kitchener has announced a willingness to
concede the Boers everything. except independence,
but as that is the bnljj thing the Boers are willing to
accept, his Lordship is not likely to be any more suc
cessful in diplomacy than in war.
Little Elsie— Sister,' do you know what
Lent is? : - 5 ¦;.;/ 3
Sister— I'm not sure. Elsie, but I think
it's forty days set apart in the year for
people to be sorry tor being Episco
palians.—Life. 7 -; ' ¦;.» -<
""Well," answered Senator Sorghum aa
he flicked the ash from a mammoth ci
gar. "I didn't take the census, you know."
— Washington Star.
"They do say," remarked the friend,
"that there ,*were more votes In your city
than there are people."
COROXADO TENT CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal., will be the"por«ular summer reaort this
reason. It became fa»- " !aat year for com
lort. entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.
The peaceful Doukobhdrs are the Quak
ers of Russia. They are opposed to all
wars. It is In their behalf that Tolstoi
made his impassioned appeal. Many of
the. Doukobohrs are emigrating to Can
ada.
; A German scientist claims to have invented a meth
od of making tobacco harmless by taking allthe nico
tine out of it, but it remains to be seen whether there
will be enough 1 flavor; left in the doctored "stuff to
make it worth while for any one to putit in his pipe
and smoke it. *
Henry '.Watterson renews his declarations in favor
of annexing everything in sight, arid? says : (¦¦ "The
Democratic party -will : not be found bellowing, at , the
sight of blood";" and now Bryan will have another
' Down in Georgia the people are discussing the ex
istence of hell, and the Atlanta' Constitution says:
"For nineteen hundred years the doctrine of ; eternal
punishment has helped to make people better." ''If
that be true it is hard to say what'Georgia Democracy
might have been without a fear of hell.
Jacksonville has caught her breath fthat was .taken
away by the. suddenness of the big fire, and is now
announcing to the country that 'by November she will
have her tourist hotels open for winter ;,visitors and
will show them a new city ijmch more beautiful than
\ - •• 1 t -
It is noted that atulie recent . flower festival at Col
ogne the president of the occasion ¦announced that for
the first time since 1870 French writers participated
in the function and joined in .¦'glorifying the German
language. The announcement was greeted with cheers
and sanguine folks hove hailed the event as a proof
that the dead past has buried its dead in that part of
the world and flowers have grown over the grave. •
ettes.'"
New York has made ;.' Lir start with^ automobiles,
but now her people are perplexed as to how they
ought to ¦ dress for the. machine. One writer says:
"Whereas the men are usually seen in what is clearly
the most hideous uniforms. ever devised for a sport,
the. women Jure usually got up in costumes that- rise
to the dignity, in the milliner's phrase, of being 'toil-
Special information supplied; dally to
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. *
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 40c; look out
for 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap ba*
ttets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel buudla*. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at To-wnsead's.*
BRITISH ARMY REFORMS.
BY a vote of 305 to 163 Mr. Brodrick, the Brit
ish Secretary of State for War, has managed
to have his scheme of army reform adopted by
the Commons. It is stated, however, that the vote
does not truly represent the sentiment of Parliament,
but was obtained only by the action of the Ministry in
making it one of confidence. To have defeated the
bill under such circumstances would have been to
precipitate a Ministerial crisis, and ' consequently
many who object to the measure voted, for it in the
expectation that it will be amended in the Lords.
That there is objection to the measure is not sur
prising. In all countries army reforms are difficult,
and in Great Britain they are exceptionally so. For
a long time the British army has been almost as much
a social as a^ military institution. Men of wealth and
rank enter the service largely because of the prestige
in society given to the officers of crack regiments.
Moreover, 'for years the interests of the army have
been subordinated to those of. the navy, and com
paratively little has been done to render it effective
for meeting any great' emergency. '. • , :
In closing the debate on the subject Mr. Balfour, the
Government leader, pointed out the negligent manner
in which the military affairs of the nation. had been
attended to in the past. When the present Conser
vative Government entered; office it, was found, ac
cording to' Balfour, that tflje supply of ammunition
for small arms was only 92,000,000 rounds instead of
146,000,000, which had been fixed as the minimum
supply, and, furthermore, there was no reserve artil
lery ammunition except what was with the guns re
; tained at home. '
The War Department appears, indeed, to have been
conducted like what Dickens once, described as a
"circumlocution office,'" in which every official was
mainly intent on "how-not-to-do" his work. In the
speech with which he presented his reform bill to the
Commons Mr. Brodrick gave many striking illus
trations of the inadequacy of . the service of the de
partment. Some of them go far toward affording an
explanation of the failure of all efforts of successive
Secretaries to accomplish anything in the way of im
proving the military forces of the kingdom. _. . •
In speaking of the inefficiency of the staff officers
Mr. Brodrick said: "I received a letter from ~ a Re
servist who had made application for further . ser
vice, and who for two months had waited withoutre
ceiving an answer. I made inquiry, .and I told
that the man should riot have written to the Secre-
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
VESSELS BUILT TJP TO 100L
BRIGHT COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS.
LAST week witnessed the clearing off of the Wall
street cyclone as far as the present is concerned.
The market is now as quiet as it was excited a
few days ago. The public is sold out, thousands of
disappointed and disgusted speculators have left the
street, and the professionals again have .the market
to themselves. Most of them are re-arranging their
financial feathers, like a flock of bedraggled poultry,
pluming themselves after a hard shower. Some bold
spirits are again buying, but they are confining their
purchases to the safest stocks in sight — those from
which they can reasonably expect dividends right
along. The sentiment of the street, however, is
bullish.
General trade continues to make a brilliant show
ing. The bank clearings of the country last week
showed a gain of 104.5 per cent over the correspond
ing week last year, but about 75 per cent of this in
crease occurred in Wall 'street, and was due to the
larger volume of speculation and stock gambling this
year. But the gain in the other cities represented a
legitimate increase in trade, and ranged from 3 per
cent at Minneapolis to 50 per cent at St. Louis.
Every important city in the country showed a gain.
The staples, while without especial feature, are mak
ing a good exhibit The demand for the crude forms
of iron and steel is reported lighter, but the mills re
port orders enough for finished products to keep
them running for three months, with new orders com
ing in right along. The. hardware trade is also re
ported active, and there is a continued demand for all
building material. Seme of the best reports, are be
ing received from leather and boots and shoes, ship
ments of the latter from the New England factories
being 48 per cent larger than at this time last year.
Farming supplies, including field implements, are in
large and steady demand, which is to be expected in
view of the fine crop prospects all over the country.
The textiles, however, continue to drag, woolen goods
and clothing being quiet and cotton lower again.
Wheat and corn are about 10c per bushel higher thati
at this time last year, though at best they are not high
enough to hurt anybody, and could stand considerable
advance over present quotations without inconven
iencing the public Money continues easy and plenti
ful everywhere, and the only cloud in sight is the per
sistent menace of labor disturbances, which tend to
prevent the organization of new enterprises and to
render capital very cautious. • x^
In San Francisco the Presidential visit has checked
business in most lines. Tuesday and Saturday, were
largely holidays, so there were really not more than
four full business days during the week. But the tone
of trade on this coast continues very good. Our crop
outlook, except for fruit, which will be short, is flat
tering, and the higher prices confidently expected for
fruit will probably offset the loss in the volume of the
product. A very good sign is the higher range of
values already established for the early fruit and hay
now coming in, which is an encouraging augury for
the balance of the season. For the rest, our banks
fiave plenty of funds, and are cheerful lenders on .the
usual security, while, rates of interest are moderate.
Collections are reported good and failures are few
and small.
The failures for the whole country last week were
192. against 155 for the same week last year. The
increase last week was largely due to the collapse of
a number of minor business firms in the East through
the break in Wall street, which, happily, produced
no effect of any consequence on the Pacific Coast.
THE. CASE , OF JUDGE NOYES.
BY the issue of a citation': commanding Judge
Noyes of , the United States District; Court; at
Nome and. Attorney Thomas J. Geary to appear
before the United States Circuit Court of Appeals to
answer to a charge of, contempt of court, a step has
been taken in a movement which will doubtless result
in a complete exposure of the whole of those extraor
dinary proceedings at Nome which constitute such a
grave scandal iri the administration of law.
Since Judge Noyes has now to appear before the
court it is but ! right and fair that his case be not
prejudged by the public. He is entitled under our
system of law and in natural justice to have an im
partial hearing hot only before his judges but at the
bar of public opinion. His defense should be heard
fully before final-judgment is pronounced; and ac
cordingly, until his defense has been made known,
The Call, at least, will not undertake to declare wheth
er or no he has been guilty of offenses against the
public and in violation of the duties of the high office
he-holds. • .. ¦
When everything has been conceded, however, that
justice demands or Judge Noyes and Mr. Geary can
ask, enough' remains to justify a feeling of gratification
that they, have ibeen cited to show cause why they
should not be punished for contempt. The evidence
that has been made public by testimony given in the
•trial of Alexander McKenzie, the receiver appointed
by Judge Njpyes;, is sufficient. to justify the belief that
something in the nature of gross judicial outrages
were committed in assigning various mines at Nome
to the control of McKenzie. Such offenses are among
¦the, .most menacing that can affect an American com
munity, for the courts under our -constitution are
given, such vast powers that should ; they become the
seats of corruption the very life of society would b ? e
endangered.' /':./,,. \. ' '.¦
¦The scandal is not'a^slight one. It is not a matter
jvvhich either the liigher courts of the United States
or the public can- afford to overlook. From evidence
already made known it appears that the proceedings
at Nome involve not only the Judge of the United
States Court of that district but men holding, high
office at Washington. It seems that something like
a conspiracy was formed by rich and powerful men
to obtain possession of the gold mines at Nome either
by fair means or by foul, and that these men were so
confident of their strength and of their influence that
they did not hesitate to defy an order of the Circuit
Court of Appeals, and to proceed illegally and de
fiantly upon the course marked out.
Receiver McKenzie has been proven guilty of x con
tempt" and is now in jail. It is- but right therefore
that others supposed to be his accomplices should be
brought to trial. If convicted of contempt it will then
be the duty the House of Representatives to take
steps to impeach the corrupt Judge. Of our courts
it may be said that like the wife of Caesar they must
not only be pure but must be above suspicion. We
cannot tolerate injustice ; on the bench, and ; conse
quently there is a deep feeling of gratification in the
public mind that the Circuit Court of Appeals has
determined to bring the whole case before it for inves
tigation and judgment. «.
1 -.--..¦ -.. ¦-¦•¦ •-,
MONDAY MAY20. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
~" V ~Id4reM All CosimwiieitiOM t* W. B. LEAKE, M&najer.
MANAGER'S OPP 1^^^^^;^!^^^^^^!^^^^^^
rCBUCATIOA* OFFICE. ..Market anfl Third. S. F.
Telephone Preii 2O1. - - ¦ ... - ...
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steren««m St.
Telephone Prers 202.
Delivered •»•»¦ rnrrlrrm. 15 Cents Per Weefc
gtnirle Copleiu B Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Including Postages
•VA.II.T CA1J> /lneloaJnr Pnnd«y>. on« year.... **-^J
DAII/r CALL «ncln«»nr Panflay>. « months *-<*•
J3AIL.T CALL, nncludlnr Eonflsr). * montlis »-W
DAILT CALI#-Bjr Single Month ~ **j
WEEKLT CALL, On» Tear ;•••• 1#w
All poitmaiter* are authorised to receive
• ali«crlptlon». ~ '
B«nple copies will be torwanled when requested.
Mtfi m**rj**»r* in r>rfl»r1nr «>h«nr» if •rtfl'*" *h«nM *»•
eartlcaUr to r»»* bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to inran m. prompt and correct compliance with their reqnert.
OAKLA5D OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. CKOROK KROBTOM.
Xutgtr rorelga Aiv»rUiIng, Har^nette Building. Chie*^.
(Lchk Dletance Teleph^n* "Central 2613.") *
NTEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE!
C C CARI/TOJf Herald S«i«are
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: "
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Trlbnne BnlldlnK
NF"W TORK HEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A rtorta Hotel; A. Brentano. a TTntoa Scnare:
Murray HS11 HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ¦ \
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner Of Clay, oprt
ontil 8:St> o'clocfc. SCO Haye«. open until 8:30 o'clock. «3J
McAllister, epen cntll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
*-S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
crtil » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. Solomon, a merchant of Fresno, is at
the Grand. , . '
J. E. Fishburn of Los Angeles is a guest
at the Palace. *
¦ Dri J. J. Miller of San Jose is a guest
at the Occidental. ,"— ¦ .
F. E. Dowd, a merchant of Santa Rosa,
is a late arrival at the Grand. ... ¦
Benjamin .Chavarra, a prominent mer
chant of Mazatlan, Mexico, is at the Oc
cidental. . , it,.
Louis Gundelflnger, a. prominent citizen
and dry goods. merchant of Fresno, is at
the Palace.
A. B. Spreckels left last night , for the
East. He goes for pleasure andTa much
needed rest %
R. Drummond, a member of the Legis
lative Council of Nova Scotia and editor
of a mining Journal, Is at the California
with his wife.
Baron Perbandt arrived here yesterday
from China. He was sent by the German
Government to the Orient as a Red Cross
Commissioner. He is accompanied by his
wife and a secretary. They are on their
way back to Berlin. *
enabled the Carnegie Company t°.f n f * S 5
in. the manufacture of armor P»a te ona
scale that gave them at once a cominana
ing position. These 5000 horse-power en
gines have cylinders forty i ncne f 2fi t ~l
ameter and. gear twelve feet In diameter,
with a twenty-four-lnch face. _,„„_
Another example -of advanced engineer
ing was introduced in the vertical, cross
compound blowing engine which has peen
accepted as standard practice for neavy
work of this class. *;';•:
Triple Expansion Pumping Engines.
It has already been mentioned that Mr.
Reynolds has the distinction of designing
and building the first triple expansion
pumping engine for waterworks, ana u
might be added that the original design
has been adhered to very closely "*f u . D T
sequent practice. According to omciai
records a test of this machine showed a
duty of 152,448,000 foot pounds for each
1000 pounds of steam used. AH attempts
at building large engines of this kind had
proved unsuccessful because of the jaca
and shocks experienced, but this defect
was entirely eliminated in Mr. Reynolds
design, which at once Insured for it par
ticular favor, even' before the high effi
ciency, of the combination was known.
The cross compound hoisting' engine for
large mining enterprises may be accepted -
as a fair example of the mining machin
ery turned out under his supervision.: The
cylinders of these engines are fifty feet
apart from center to center.
In spite of the many demands upon
his time, Mr. Reynolds devotes much
attention to the work- of his contem
poraries, and, although he started life
with scant education, he has since ac
quired a valuable fund of information,
covering a wide range of subjects. En
gineering and mechanical works remain
his favorite study, however, and his
eminent position has been recognized by
tne University of 'Wisconsin, which con
ferred the degree of doctor of laws upon
him in 1895. and later placed' his name
among those of distinguished scientists
and inventors that occupy places 01
honor upon its new hall devoted to en
gineering. The Paris Exposition of 1389
conferred upon him the unusual distinc
tion of s awarding him personally, al
though not an . exhibitor, a ' gold - medal
for the excellence* of his design o£ ma
chinery exhibited by others.
Activities of a Busy Career.
While he is primarily a. great inventor,
Mr. Reynolds possesses many character
istics which distinguish him from most
of those who are occupied with the de
signing of machinery" It has already
been explained that Mr. Reynolds left
Providence to accept the position of
general superintendent of the Reliance
Works, then owned by E. P. Allis &
Co. of Milwaukee, > and that ever since
he has remained in charge of this great
plant and the 2500 men now employed in
it. After his arrival in Milwaukee on
July ¦ 1, 1877, he speedily won the con
fidence of Mr. Allls, not only through
his mechanical skill and genius, but be
cause of his integrity and manhood, and
this confidence was strengthened as
time passed. He developed great exec
utive ability and rare financial judgment.
Upon the death of Mr. Allis Mr. Rey
nolds became, . through the will of. Mr.
Allis, one of the trustees . of . the estate,
and later, when the business was reor
ganized and the Allis Company formed,
he was chosen one of the directors and
second vice president. .Besides these po
sitions, he is president of the Milwaukee
Boiler Company, -.the Daisy Roller Mills
Company and the German-American
Bank, and is second vice president and
superintendent of. the Reliance .Works in
Milwaukee. ¦ . ¦ • .
Mr. Reynolds owns a beautiful place
at Mansfield, Conn., the home of his boy
hood, and several adjoining farms, se
gregating over 600. acres. His family
lives there during the summer, and Mr.
R3ynolds spends as much time there as
he can spare from his business.
Still Engaged on New Problems.
Although he is now nearing 70 years
of age, ne is still actively engaged on
engineering. problems, and it is not too
much to expect that the new century
will witness the perfection of many of
those Improvements and inventions which
he is now developing. His career, begun
in obscurity in a small New England
town and continued . through hardship
and adversity before recognition was
finally gained, is being rounded out by
the production of machinery of marvel
ous design, construction and operation.
By John B. O'Hara,
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
2ET.V.— EDWIN REYNOLDS.
jln the. minds, of. those familiar with
modern steam practice the name of Edwin
Reynolds will be associated,. with that of
Corliss, because of his work in the devel
opment of the 'steam engine. ' His reputa
tion' is • not' confined 'to "this country, for
the Reynolds-Corliss engine, embodying
the improvements introduced by him, has
been recognized throughout- the world as
the standard type of machines of .this
class, and has been adopted In foreign
countries of late, wherever exceptionally
heavy, and, exacting-service is required.
Even^in Greats Britain, where prejudice
against American innovations was strong
est, the engineers of the city of Glasgow
accepted • the Reynolds-Corliss engines in
competition against the leading Scotch
and English types, because they were su
perior in every respect and because of the
wide experience and high reputation I In
the engineering world" of the designer and
builder. . .
Mr. Reynolds' Is a fair type of . the
shrewd, intelligent Yankee, who exacts
the rewards which fortune of ten, grudg
ingly i withholds from less persistent and
determined characters. A New Kngland
lad, starting in life as a machinist with
out money or Influential friends, and not
£ ven favored with an education beyond
that obtained in the common schools fifty
years ago, by force of character, perse
verance, integrity and natural ability, he
has gained wealth, •: position, . reputation
and all the enjoyments that commercial
success and culture ¦ command.
Early Years as an \ Engineer.'
His early years were passed in Connec
ticut, his native State. He was born at
Mansfield, Conn., March 23, 1831. He went
to school until 1847, when he . entered a
machine shop as apprentice. After three
years' training he .followed several
branches of mechanical work, gaining ex
perience in the best shops and under the
ablest engineers in New England, Ohio
and Indiana. From 1857 to 1861 he was su
perintendent of the. shops of Stedman &
Cat, at Aurora, Ind. The building of saw
mill engines and drainage pumps for Mis
sissippi plantations was looked upon in
those days as heavy engineering, and Mr.
Reynolds had much experience in both' of
those branches; consequently, when he
was secured by the Corliss Steam Engine
Company in "1867 for the shops at Provi
dence, he was considered one of the best
equipped men In the country. But it was
while he occupied the position of general
superintendent of those shops, to which
he was promoted in 1S71, that he besan
his experimental investigations which led
to marked improvements In the Corliss en
gine and first won for him recognition as
the leading- steam-engineering authority
of the time. In 1877 he withdrew from
the Providence works and took the posi
tion of general superintendent of the E. P.
Allls & Co.'s shops, and ever since he has
been . In charge of the great Milwaukee
engineering works, with which his name
has been closely identified. .
A, Designer of Great Engines.
His experimental work on the steam en
gine was continued in his new position
upon a much larger scale and with better
facilities than formerly, and his rare me
chanical genius found other channels
through which to put forth the products
of his inventive faculties. Mr. Reynolds
is a thorough student of mechanics, and
the engines which have been constructed
from. his designs are to be found in nearly,
every civilized country on the globe. They
are employed in city "pumping stations,
electric lighting an3 street railway plants,
blast furnaces, rolling mills, cotton mills,
mines and wherever power is required. He
was the father of the first triple expan
sion pumping engine and the first man to
substitute the solid bottom for spring tim
bers in the heavy stamps employed in the
reduction of copper ores in the Lake Su
perior region. This change from form
er practice has increased the capacity of
the stamps about 50 per cent and i3 now
the standard construction by all builders.
Under Mr. Reynolds', supervision many
important - engineering problems have
been solved, and work performed, thy
magnitude of which has excited the
wonder of the mechanical world. The
great steam engine at the Centennial ex
position and the later types exhibited at
the World's Fair in Chicago have, long
since been surpassed. The influence of
Mr Reynolds' work is felt in many de
partments in which he is not directly en
gaged. For instance, the big engines
which he designed for rolling-mill service
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
HOLDING OFFICE-Subscrlber. San
Pablo Cal. A man in a country place
one and the same time. ; ,
CORK-T. N. W., Crockett, Cal. % The
co?2 tree or cork oak is a native of the
sSh of Europe and has bee n «r own in
demand. • _ - — '
PINE TREE SHILLING-H. T. C. Oc
cidental, Cal. "Pine Tree Shilling" is the
name »at was given to the largest of the
coins issued in 1652 by the first mint es
tablished in Boston. These coins had a
his any value you should sencTa rubbing
Sf tne same and a full description.
WALKING WITH A LADY— A. S. and
C P -City A. gentleman who visits a
house' in the evening and on leaving be
comes the escort of a lady. 1st perfectly
justified in offering his arm. Of course
the lady is at liberty to accept or reject
the offer By either she does not violate
any rules of etiquette. If the lady pre
fers to walk by her lonely, it is the duty
of the escort to keep close to her left side
?rre«Dective of the inalde or outside of
»thl walk A writer on etiquette says "a
lady who will not take the arm of a gen
tleman selected to escort her home of an
eve^fng. on the ground that he is neither
her husband, male relative or intended,
is prudish to a . degTee. and ought to be
allowed , to go home, by herself. 1 ;- .
ODD FELLOWSHIP— "W. II., Petaluma,
Cal The Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows was organized in Manchester, Eng
land in 1812, although isolated lodges had
existed in I varidus places for , some time
previously, - the oldest, whose name has
been preserved, being the -Loyal Aristar
cus No -^which met' in London in -1745.
Previous to that: date there Is a mention
of the" 'Society- of Odd Fellows." .When
it was "organized '.in Manchester it was
known ; as the Manchester Unity and it
adopted the principles of Odd Fellowship.
The early lodges , of Odd Fellows organ
ized in the United States, about 1806,: soon
became extinct - and no permanent branch
of the English order was established till
1819 April - 26, - when Thomas Wlldey .•: and
four ' companions, - -, former members ¦ of
English llodges.J organized Washington
Looge No. 1 in Baltimore.- Md. In the fol
lowing year by authority, of the Manches
ter, Unity this . body , was ; invested with
grand and subordinate lodge" prerogatives
and .took \ the .title of VNor 1, ; Washington
Lodge, the Grand Lodge of. Maryland" and
of the United States of America." An in
dependent charter was obtained from the
English body in 1S26 and a 1 complete sepa
ration of the from ; the: English
body took place in 1843." ; :'"•'• .: ¦
Fourteenth. Article of the Series on "The
Opportunity and The Man," a Pen
% ¦ of a Noted Inventor.
Prepared bt Experts and -Specialists for
The San Francisco Gall. ; : ; :
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
tary^of State. I admitted that, but I wished to know
whether the man was to be allowed to go or not,* and
said so. j I waited! a fortnight, and, hearing 1 nothing,
I wrote again, 'requesting a prompt reply,;fbr which
I waited another week. , Then -I sent a_telegram say
ing I must know,' and still nothing came. At
the end of the fourthVeek I; thought the time
come to exercise my authority. I wrote to'the adju
tant general, and said if I did not receive an answer,
on the following morning somebody -would "go on
half-pay. I got an answer the next morning. Here is
an instance of needless delay still more grotesque:
A paper came before me last November in relation
to whether a particular cottage should be shut up, or
pulled down, or repaired at an expense of £130.
Then I ascertained the history of that paper.- It
started in 1896 and came. to me in November, 1900.
In the interval it had been touring about between
three military ; officers. : In the second year it reached
the .War Office, and the ; Assistant Under Secretary
sent it to the commander, in chief. Then, as officers ;
had been changed meanwhile, it went again on its
peregrinations, and the result was that^after four
years the matter stiirremained unsettled."' . ".
When' "such abuses ' exist in the 'administration of
military affairs there can be no question that reform
is imperative. It' happens, however, that there are al
ways men who profit by governmental abuses, and
those men, with "their friends, are always opposed ;to
reform movements. -Even the ill success which has
attended the British armies in South Africa has" not
weakened the sluggish opposition of the staff, and, as
has just been shown in the Commons, it has takena
threat on the part of the Ministry to resign if the bill
were defeated to bring about even the first step-in
the direction of, reform. '
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
The latest naval returns indicate that
the navy of Great Britain exceeds ths
combined fleets of Germany, France ana
Russia In vessels built or building.
• * • .
Another old ironclad, the Scorpion, j s to
be battered to pieces In order to ascertain
the effect of- modern gunfire. The experi
ments will be like -those on the Belleisie
It is stated that the Scorpion will be
started under easy steam from her berth
at Bermuda' and will be shelled by the
Crescent battery, which consists of two
9.2-inch and twelve six-inch guns. The re
port is silent as to what is to be done
with the crew of the Scorpion.
• • •
England's shipbuilding programme for
the coming year embraces 3 battleships,
6 armored cruisers, 2, third-class cruis
ers, 10 torpedo-boat ' destroyers, 5 tor
pedo "boats, 2 sloops and 5 submarine
boats. The personnel will be increase*
by 287 officers. 1130 seamen, 500 firemen,
Jto8 miscellaneous ratings, 210 artisans
100 electricians). 1000 marines
and 100 apprentices, making a final total
of 118,635. The total estimates arc tlM -
377,500. against J143.959.500 for 1900-9L
• . •
There has been a steady improvement
in the Japanese navy since 18S3, when a
new system of rations and provisions was
adopted. The average death rate from
1883 to 1S37 was 16.25 per 1000; in 1397 the
rate was 8.37. and this fell to 6.34 durb.sf
1898. tge latest return made. The daily al
lowance of the enlisted men is now ap
proximately one-half pound bread, two
fifths pound meat, two-thirds pound rice,
five-sixteenths pound vegetables, sraa'.l
quantities of preserved meat and flsh, etc.
This improved diet has likewise Increased
the weight of the men, which, averaging
only 121 pounds in 18S3, had increased to
130 pounds in 1828.
• • •
The accident to the German battleshty
Kaiser Frederich III will Involve repal?
expenditures of $750,000 and not less thai*
nine months. The ship ran aground in
the vicinity of the island of Boraholm,
In the Baltic, on April 2, and it was fear*
ed for a time that the ship and many
lives would b© lost. Fires broka out In
the bunkers, the flames doing consider
able damage below and aloft, and eight
of the boilers were ruined. Other ships
in the squadron sent off their boats ta
rescue 'the crew of the disabled battle
ship, but after several hours' hard worK
the fire was got under control. Prince
Henry, who was on board the BVederlch,
refused to go Into the boat sent to taka
him off, saying: "I shall be the last tq
leave the ship."
The Navy Deijartment of Sweden la
preparing designs for a cruiser of novel
type. .The dimensions are 328 feet length,
50/eet beam and 17 feet draught, giving a
displacement of about 4000 tons. The speed
is to be twenty-two knots and she will b©
fitted with Tarrow boilers. The armament
consists of eight six-inch, twelve six
pounders and two submerged torpedo
tubes. The novel features are chiefly in
the disposition o* the guns, the eight six
inch being placed in as many turrets, of
which latter two are aft, two forward and
two on each broadside. The American
idea of superimposed turrets has been im
proved upon, in that each turret is Inde
pendent in its action, and as only one gun
Is carried in each turret the danger of
disabling double . turrets and twin guns is
avoided. The manner of locating the tur
rets 13 as follows, taking the forward
ones as • an illustration: One turret ta
placed with guns firing over the deck at
a safe height, and right behind this is lo
cated another, the guns of which flre
over the forward one. On the sides one
turret is placed in sponson, projecting over
the side, and its mate is located well in
board, elevated sufficiently to flre its guns
over the outboard turret.
• • *
The fleets of the seven largest naval
powers are reported by a recent admir
alty return to number as follows:
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S, speech at the;
launching of the Ohio on Saturday was. in many
respects the most notable utterance he has made
during his tour. It was in some sense a declaration
of his public policies; an emphatic enunciation of his
devotion to the cause of American labor, commerce
and prosperity. ; . ,•
It was with fervor he said: "I. am glad again to
meet the workingmen of the country. All my public*
life has been devoted to give workingmen the best
opportunity, the best chance for good wages and
steady employment. When labor is well employed
the country is safe, and there is contentment and hap
piness in the home of the workers. Let us do our
duty, the great public duty that confronts us; let us
do it walking humbly before God, dealing justly and
mercifully and always asking his favor and guidance."
From that declaration the world can take the meas
ure of the statesman and the man. His statesmanship
is to establish security for the homes of the people by
providing ample work for industry and ample wages
to sustain workers in the comfort to which Americans
are entitled; and his religion is to carry out his official
duties with a conscience ever heedful of divine com
mand. It is a simple platform, but it is sufficiently
broad and strong to carry the best hopes of humanity.
By the protective system with which the President
is more closely identified than any other living states
man the industries of the people have been built up
and made secure. The next duty of the Government
is to make clear the way for merchants to obtain
larger markets for our products, and it is- an illustra
tion of the progressive character of the man that the
President now preaches the doctrine of commerce as
earnestly as he ever preached that of productive ia
dustry. The essential point of his speech of Saturday
was a plea for American, trade and American ships;
and no plea could have been more appropriate to the
occasion or more in accord with the sentiments of
the audience. . \ ¦
After giving due commendation to the skill of the
workmen who constructed the Olympia, which served
Admiral Dewey as a flagship in that glorious victory
in Manila Bay, and the peerless Oregon whose mar
velous journey around the Horn amazed the naval
experts of the world, and alluding to other noble craft
built in the Union Iron Works, he went on to say:
"What we want is to build more ships. We ought to
have a good commercial line from here to the Philip
pines, built by American workingmen, manned by
American sailors and carrying the American flag.
There is nothing in this world that brings people so
close together as commerce. There is nothing in this
world that so much promotes the universal brother
hood of man as commerce, and we want to encourage
commerce."
The encouragement of commerce and the promotion
of the American merchant marine is indeed the im
portant* issue of the time. So long as the great bulk
of our export and import trade is carried in foreign
ships we must pay annual tribute to the foreigner;
and not only must the great ship-building industries
of the country lag instead of going forward by leaps
and bounds, but all other industries must suffer by the
annual drain of money and the loss of that addition
to the home market which would be furnished by the
extension of ship-building and the increase ¦ of our
merchant fleets. • . . 1 . '.. : *
All Californians will be gratified,by the warmth with
which the President spoke of the part California "acted
during the war with Spain and particularly, with the
patriotic praise given to our.' volunteers! -We may.
long remember with just pride the words spoken on
the responsibility of the Presidential office: "As the
head of the nation, I want to thank the people of this
coast for their noble -work during the Spanish war,
and I want to make special reference and acknowl
edgement, for I may not have another opportunity,
to the gallant First California Volunteers, that was
among the first in the field and almost the last to leave
it, and performed conspicuous and gallant service in
the campaign in the Philippine Islands."
Such words coming from the head of the nation are
not to be taken as an idle compliment. They stand
as an official recognition of the credit due to our
young commonwealth, and may rightly be remem
bered with satisfaction. To the workingmen, to the
volunteers and to all Californians the speech appealed
in the right way and by the right words. It i's to
be hoped, moreover, that all may profit by them and
work together for the general good and the prosperity
of the republic.
McKINLEY'S SATURDAY SPEECH.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MO NDAY,yJ ]NIA Y 20, 1 901.
4
NAVIES OF
1 Ql =8 £3 3
2 2f ZZ 2? B 1
I ill II ?
. T
it
11
•I — —
15 11 14 3 3 198 ..
L U^ny-;.: 1? 4 11 15 20 -154 ..
talv - 1 B 5 .. 18 .. 160
Jnlted States 7 2 15 U 6 » 1
fapan ..". 6 6 4 14 9 50 ..
:>-g,
1300.
I ?i ;g j§ & ?§ |
navies of 1 1| r f 1 1 ? & a
Great Britain 16 20 .. 4 24 4 ..
France 5 15 .. 2 13 44 IS
Russia 10 1 1 11 28 24 ..
Germany 10 3 .. 1 15 .. ..
Italy 6 1 .... 8 .. ..
United States 11 9 4 « 17 13 1
Japan 1 1 -. 2 * 8 3S ..
NAVIES OF
1 Ql =8 £3 3
2 2f ZZ 2? B 1
I ill II ?
. T
it
11
•I — —
15 11 14 3 3 198 ..
L U^ny-;.: 1? 4 11 15 20 -154 ..
talv - 1 B 5 .. 18 .. 160
Jnlted States 7 2 15 U 6 » 1
fapan ..". 6 6 4 14 9 50 ..
:>-g,
1300.
I ?i ;g j§ & ?§ |
navies of 1 1| r f 1 1 ? & a
Great Britain 16 20 .. 4 24 4 ..
France 5 15 .. 2 13 44 IS
Russia 10 1 1 11 28 24 ..
Germany 10 3 .. 1 15 .. ..
Italy 6 1 .... 8 .. ..
United States 11 9 4 « 17 13 1
Japan 1 1 -. 2 * 8 3S ..
For lack' of nourishment . are just as dead as though thiejr were
Geyered with a knife: v In cither rase the base of supplies has
Oeen interfered with. \ Nerves that need nourishing make their
wants known through headache, backache, loss of appetite, indi-
gestion, fluttering of the heart, irritability, sleeplessness, and gen-
eral weakness. Feed the hungry nerves, build them up- and
make them strong and vigorous, ,full of vim, vitality* and power,
with the. great nerveVfood and tonic, Dr. Miles" Nervine^
.'"For many years I was troubled with nervous dys-
twpeia. weeks at a time I bare suffered so muca that I
could not retain food at alL , These attacks brought on
nervous prostFatlon and T got no rest day or night. I -
tried many physicians and advertised remedies, but never
found relief until Dr. Miles' Nervine was recommended. I
then found I could rest well and retain food and was sooj» *'
.restored." ; * Mbs. K. Puebseb, Jefferson, "Wis.;
quiets the nervous irritation, stimulates the digestion
". ,,- and fills the blood with iust the nourishment needed for
i '¦:'-. .' '•.'weak and run-down conditions. Give it a trial.
Efild by druggists oa guarantee. Ds. Mrr.^g JtoiCALjCa. Elkharti toA
Call ¦ubacrlbera contemplating a change of
revldeaee darlne the summer months can hare
tfcelr paper forvrarded br mall to their new
•adreuei br notlfrincr The Call Buslneaa Office.
TtUa paper will also be on sale at ail Bummer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent l»
alt towns «n the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG T0W5 FOR THE SUMMER.
AHUSE2HENTS.
Central— "Shadows of a Great City."
TJvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Heartsease."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Glorlana."
Grand Opera-house— "The Queen of Chinatown."
California— "Barbara Frletchie."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— S pedal tlea.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Swimmine.
EmeryvIHe Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred H. Chase— Monday. May 20. at 11 o'clock.. €0 head
Horses, at 1722 Market street.POPULAR PRIEST FOR WHOM THE PARISHIONERS OF ST. DOMI
NICS ARE PREPARING A : RECEPTION TO BE GIVEN UPON HIS
RETURN FROM THE ETERNAL CITY.
SEATTLE, Wash.. May 19.— Judge C. D.
Emery, a pioneer lawyer of the 'coast and
a resident of Seattle since 1872, was found
dead In bed this morninsr. From the con
dition of his body and other circumstances
it is thought death occurred last Wednes
day, apoplexy being the cause. Judge
Emery roomed in the rear of his office
in a down-town building and was not
missed until to-day. He was 68 years old
and a widower. He leaves four children.
Pioneer Lawyer Dies Suddenly.
According to Mr. O'Conner, Lord Hugh
Cecil, son _ of the Marquis of Salisbury,
has done much to aggravate this antago
nism to the premier nepotism. "When
this fanatical, extreme, foolish and head
strong young man gets up and pronounces
his view, people begin to ask, *Is there no
escape from these Cecils?' and so poor
Lord Hugh, with his pallid face and his
long, thin, lanky body and his wild and
youthful enthusiasm, is the straw that
breaks* the camel's back of endurance ,by
his part of his family."
LONDON, May .19-— Henry u. Massing
hamof the Daily News and other writers
draw attention to the bitterness and the
personal and public attitude of the Con
servative leaders toward "Winston Church
ill. A. J. Balfour, the government leader
In the House of Commons, -who is usually
so genial toward others, has entirely ig
nored- this -¦ youngf . member \ of the . House,
who, T with - one.^ipeech, has now gained a
prominence' which f everybody in his party
cannot afford to oVerlook,' The chief doubt
of his success afi^ears to be his lack of
I means, which are ¦ at * present ' quite in
sufficient .' to • enable him to devote that
large amount * of : ; time required by : the
duties of a Cabinet: Minister. The sneers
j of . Mr. Brodrlck and, other members of
the government at Mr. Churchill's refer
ence to . his father's j fight and his own
right to raise the tattered banner of econ
omy and to protest against the growing
war expenditure has had but slight effect
among the broader-minded Conservatives
and Radicals. -
An explanation of Mr. Churchill's diffi-
I cullies m securing fair treatment in the
House of Commons is perhaps supplied
by .-TV. P. O'Connor, the Irish Nationalist,
w"ho this week is writing a series of arti
cles entitled "Is Parliament. Decaying?"
In these articles Mr. O' Conner dilates
upon the utter mental and physical apathy
which prevails among members of the
government, who are jaded by long offlce
holding- and : frequent attendance at this
enervating "hothouse on the Thames."
Mr. Balfour, he says, is quite worn out
and. without a spark of freshness. Sense
less gossip pervades the lobbies and din
ing rooms. There is a feeling, which is
not confined to the ¦ Liberals, that Lord
Salisbury has "stuffed the Cabinet with
his own relatives," and even Mr. Cham
berlain, the Colonial Secretary, is said to
be discontented. "They have packed the
Cabinet against me," is one saying- attrib
uted to him. \ -
Members of Government Are
Worn Out by Long
Ssryice.
Irish Nationalist Leader
'- Sharply; ' Criticises
Parliament.
DILATES UPON
ENGLISH APATHY
TO SAIL
FROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE,
MONDAY. MAT 20.
.¦YGood wallpaper can' be bought cheap: at-
G. -W. Clark & Co.'s, '1 653 Market street. .??
NOTE— In the above exposition* of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
, of the day, except when there are but three
Gus Williamson of 637 Howard ntreet
nearly lost his- right foot in a peculiar ac
cident yesterday. The river steamer Co
lumbia was docking at Washington-street
wharf and Gus was taking her lines. In
order to secure. a purchase he placed his
foot between the row. of . spring piles I and
the fender. When the steamer struck the
piles it looked for. a minute as if the run
fortunate man would lose his foot.. Luck
ily a' long Iron spike had fallen nearthe
His Foot Crushed.
Low Rates— Improved Service.
$10 35, Ban Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage. Including meala. and
berth. ! Only twenty-six hours en. route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen from
Broadway . wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office \ New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. > • •
." PHOENIX, Ariz., .May 19!— A] ' Scott.Van.
aged resident^ of .Reno, Nev., , is 'lost land
has doubtless perished on the desert near
Beardsley ' station, twenty r five miles north
of Phoenix. Scott was en route by wagon
to Phoenix. Wednesday night' he stopped
at* Beardsley and -- hobbled • his - horse.'
his horse and has not been 'seen since. 1 '-
Loses His Way' on a Desert.
CONNELLSVIL.LE, » Pa., May 19.— The
town is much quieter after the terrible
excitement of last • night over. the inurder
of Assistant Yardmaster Moore and " th^
attempted ' lynching : of ;. William
the negro. By- a counter movement! st
3. o'clock this morning the police diverted
the attention of the mob and then dashed
down a rear way to the railroad depot
with . Fairfax ai\d got him safely to
Uniontown Jail. All ¦ day to-day :¦ a ¦ rope
has dangled -from an upper; story. of«'tn->
Town Hall as 'a. warning; to the negroes
of this vicinity.;
riedly Removed Beyond Reach
'. ofi Avengers.
POLICE OUTWIT A; MOB
INTENT ON" .LYNCHING
Prisoner Taken From Jail and Hur-
Hoofs of Horses.
DENVER, May 19.— Wyoming is becom
ing ' recognized as ; a State possessing oil,
coal, iron and copper in abundance, and
now soap is to be one of its resources. :C
W. - Betts, a well-known mining man of
this city, returned from Northeastern
Wyoming to-day, and brought samples of
natural ; soap which promise to J supersede
the manufactured article. The soap was
made .in nature's laboratory, as perfectly
as in the -laboratory of the -most expert
chemist. It is found in veins ! six to
eighteen feet wide, almost white and
ready ¦ for use. The. lather . made < by the
natural soap is the same a"s Is made by
soaps for sale at the counter of the store.
Mr. Betts bought outright a' quarter-sec
tion of land on which the deposit is found.
Ranchmen of the region have 'been using
the soap for years, and have also. found
it an excellent lemedy for diseases of the
hoofs of horses. The quarry is on the
line of the Burlington Railway. ' ;.
lent . Remedy for Diseases of
Ranchmen Say Product Is an Excel-
EAST LAS VEGAS, N. M., May 19.—
The wedding garments of Miss Anna Cor
rick of this city will be used as her burial
robes. She was to have been married at
8 o'clock last evening. Many of the guests
had arrived. The groom to be, J. P. Ryan,
who lived next door, had called to see her
In her bridal dress, and while pleasantly
talking to him she fell forward and he
caught her in his arms. In less than one
minute she was dead. The physician who
was summoned gave the cause of her
death as heart failure.
The young man is almost distracted.
Miss Corrick was a society favorite • and
well known in this city. She was about
22 years of age. .The funeral will take
place to-morrow, | and she will be buried
in her bridal dress.
DEPOSIT OF N ATTJBAI, SOAP
FOITNT> IN WYOMING
Marriage.
on the Evening of Her
New Mexico Brlde-to-Be Falls Bead
VjfEDDING CrABMENTS
HER BUBIAL ROBES
Steamer Movements.
tldes, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in' addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower, low waters.
A meeting of the parishioners was held
recently, at which plans \were discussed
for a fitting reception to Father Murphy,
¦who is universally beloved of his flock. A
general committee was .appointed to as
sume charge of the affair and to make
all arrangements necessary to insure its
success. , Joseph Kirk was elected presi
dent of the committee, Maurice Hfggins
treasurer and George Kelly secretary. -The
other members of the committee include
Charles Heggerty, who is also president
of the executive committee; J. B. Mcln-
p»r|«^HE parishioners of St. Dominic's
1 Church are busy preparing a grand
8 reception to Rev. Father Piu3 Mur-
Jl phy, provincial of the Dominican
order on the Pacific Coast, who is
about to return to this city after an ex
tended visit to Rome, to which place he
went on official business. Father Murphy
left here last August to make a report to
the master general of the,order regarding
the affairs of his jurisdiction. This re
port is filed every ten years, and the pro
vincial is delegated to convey the informa
tion personally to his superior. Father
Murphy's place has been filled during his
absence by the Rev. T. C. Clancy, O. P.
imprisoned member and it broke the force
of the pressure, but was driven four
inches into the wood in doing so. Will
iamson was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where his injuries were dressed.
It was decided that the best way to wel
come Father Murphy would-be by a sub
stantial recognition of the high regard in
which he is held. This will take the form
of a purse, which it is expected will con
tain at least $2000, contributed by the par
ishioners in small amounts," which will be
presented to him at a public reception to
be held eltherin Franklin HaH or-in the
rooms of the monastery, at the corner of
Pine and Steiner streets. , This reception
will be held in the latter part of June, as
Father jj Murphy is expected home then.
The decorations will be in the hands of
the Dominican Sisters, and the school
children under their charge will take part
in a programme of a varied character.
An address will be delivered by one of
the prominent members of the congrega
tion, and Father Murphy will tell of his
experiences while on his trip. ,
tyre, Thomas O'Brien, Edmund Kenny,
P. jr. McEwen, Daniel Sheerin, Chester
Keogh, James B. Coffey, Richard O'Con
nor, E. J. Gallagher, J. A. Stulz, Joseph
Sheehan, J. J. Deegan, Maurice Casey,
Dr. F. X. Sullivan, J. J. Donovan, Dr. T.
F. Shumate, Uouls Byington. J. Cabossel,
P. J. Tormey, E. R. Rock, Dr. J. Gibbon,
M. C. Hassett, James P. Sweeney, John
Walsh, Alfred Kelly, Forest -Adams,
James P. Bain, P. J. McKeon and Thomas
Brady.
HEW YORK MINISTER
THE NAPLES SUICIDE
Unfortunate Proves to Be the
Rsv. Maltbie Davenport
Babcock.
NAPLES, May IS.— Further Investiga
tion into the case of the American clergy
man who committed suicide here yester
day in the International Hospital by sev
ering an artery of .his wrist and swallcw
ing corrosive sublimate, and who was
mentioned in yesterday's dispatches as
Mr. Maltle, an American evangelical min
ister, proves the suicide to have been the
Rev. Maltbie Davenport Babcock.
NEW YORK, May 19.— One of the clos
est friends whom Dr. Babcock had in this
city was W. D. Barbour, a member of the
Brick Presbyterian Church congregation.
"If this dispatch is correct,'' said he,
"and I do not doubt that it is, then Dr.
Babcock was cut of his head when he
took his life. Mr. Babcock saw every
thing in the sunniest light, and he was
just bubbling with good health and was
an athlete."
Dr. Babcock had been pastor of the Brick
church since November 8, 1899, coming j
from Brown Memorial Church, in Balti- i
more. He received a salary of $12,000 a
year.
Though a. young man, Dr.« Babcock at
tained eminence as a pulpit orator and a
theologian. He had the reputation of be
ing a scholar and a worker, full of en
ergy and fearless in his methods of
thought. Dr. Babcock was a graduate of
the Syracuse University. His first charge
was the First Presbyterian Church of
Lockport, S. Y.
¦ ? ¦
Boy Seriously. Injured.
Eddie, the eipht-year-old son of F. J.
Fitzgerald, who resides at 149 Grove
street, sustained a serious fracture of the
skull yesterday by falling from the top of
a load of hay on Ash avenue near Frank
lin street. The hay had been left In the
street by a teamster, and the boy, with
Be?enl companions, was playing about
it. He was removed to the office of Dr.
J. T. Crowley, corner of McAllister and
Fr3r.kl!n streets, and thence to the Emer
gency Hospital.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipping Inteligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 19.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlsen, 60 hours from San
Diego. -
Stmr Seauoia, Wlnkel, 14 hours from Fort
Erase. * -
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Ger stmr Kambyses, Grimm, 111 days from
Hamburg; via Mazatlan 5H days.
Ftmr Queen, Thomas, 44 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Kureka, Jesaen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopancier, 72 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Giosy, Leland. 34 hours from Moss
Landing. )
Ship Henry Villard, Quick, 18 days from
Honolulu. • »
Schr Joseph Russ, Anderson. 13 days from
Port Ludlow.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ¦*•'
SAILED.
Sunday, May 19.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, .
Htmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Tillamook.
Bark Kaiulanl. Dabel, Honolulu.
Sehr Mary Dodge, Olsen, Lahalna and Ma
hukona.
Schr Herman, Falkman, Kodiak. ¦
Sehr Marion, Topfer, Tacoina. ' m
Schr Vera, Erratt. .
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 19—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest; velocity 24 miles per
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 19— Stmrs West
port and Santa Barbara, from Kureka; schr
Lucy, from Umpqua.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 13— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence May 15. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 19— Br
ship Mary A Troop, from Acapulco; schr Wa
wona, from Honolulu; schr Dauntless, from
Guaymas.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 19— Schr John
G North, for Honoipu.
TACOMA— Arrived May 19— Bktn Northwest,
from San Dle^o.
EUREKA— Arrived May 19— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 15. Sailed May 19— Schr Mary
Buhne, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDP.O— Arrived May 19— Schr Glen
dale, from Tacoma. t
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 19— Br etmr Mil
ton, from Nanaimo. Sailed May Schr Ma
bel Gray, for Eureka.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 19— Br stmr Indra
pura, hence May 16; stmr Alliance, hence May
15. Sailed May 19— Br stmr Oopack, for Ma
nila,
FOREIGN PORTS.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed May 14— Br stmr Nor
wood, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 17— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma. *
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived May 19— Stmr TTm
brla. from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
l'Aqultalne,' from Havre; stmr Mesaba, from
London; Btmr Astoria, from Glasgow and Mo
ville.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 19— Stmr Sax
onfa. from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. Sailed May 19 — Stmr. Lucanla, from
Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 19— Stmr Fries
land, from New York.
The Katie Flickenger. which sailed from
Eureka last Wednesday for Mollendo,
Peru, with a cargo of lumber, put in here
in distress late Saturday night. Whan
one day out from Humboldt Bay some
heavy weather, accompanied by a heavy
cross sea, was encountered. The barken
tine labored heavily and finally sprang a
leak. Captain Soderman says he was
then sixty miles west-southwest of
Eureka, so he decided to head for San
Francisco. On her arrival- here the vessel
was leaking at the rate of ten inches an
hour. The Katie Flickenger will dis
charge and be repaired here.
water Front Notes.
The ship Henry Villard arrived from
Honolulu yesterday with a. cargo of su
gar. Captain Quick had some trouble
with his men just before leaving the
islands. Sailing day all hands were drunk
and the man at the wheel not knowing
how to . steer there was nearly a col
lision.
The steamship Mexico leaves for Puget
Sound this week to enter the Nome
trade. She was formerly the British
steamer Manauense and made one trip as
a transport. She has been purchased by
D. E. Cane of Seattle for" the gold field
trade. As she is not an American vessel
Mr. Crane will have to run her from Vic
toria. B. C.
Repairs to the steamship Helen are
now competed. She ' will come down
from the Union Iron Works to-morrow
and will load at Pacific-street wharf for
Honolulu.
Captain J. A. Lockhart, late with the
Oceanic Steamship Company, is going to
sail a forty-foot yacht to Nome. He and
a few other 1 adventurous spirits have pur
chased the Helene and will fit her out with
a schooner rig for the run north. They
will not start for a couple of weeks, as
the captain expects to make a Quick voy
age. ¦ • •
Walter Jones, a photographer, lost an
SS5 camera overboard at Mission^street
wharf Saturday. Fred Link, a boatman,
recovered it in thirty feet of water and
was well rewarded for his labor.
Barkentine in Distress.
City of Stockton Damaged.
The river steamer City of Stockton was
in trouble again yesterday. While dock
ing at Washington-street wharf she col
lided with the Onisbo and lost oart of her
starboard bulwarks, and her upper works
were damaged. The Onisbo was lying at
Washington-street wharf all ready to take
out a party of lroauois "braves. Uer
wheel protruded beyond the end of the
wharf, and that was what caused the
trouble. While trying to make a landing
against the ebb tide the City of Stockton
struck the projecting wheel and, had not
the Onisbo's stern line carried away,
that vessel would not have taken out her
excursionists.
The Kambyses brought a large cargo,
consisting principally of paper, woolens
and coffee. From Mexico she brought ud
14 bars of silver and 700 bass of concen
trates. Her cabin passengers were R. W.
Nife. A. A. Botzbach, A. Burmeister. O.
A. Walter and B. Chavarri.
burg on January 9 last and from there
went to Antwerp and London. Leaving
the latter port on February 13, she went
via the Straits of Magellan to Valparaiso
and thence to Callao and Guayaquil, sail
ing from the latter port on April 18. After
touching at nearly all the Central Amer
ican ports she sailed from Mazatlan on
May 13 and made the run ud the coast in
less than six days. The Kambyses will
be followed by the Hermonthis, Ammon
and Anubis. . *
Bars of. Silver Bullion and
Concentrates Form Part
of Cargo.
The Kosmos liner Kambyses arrived
from Europe yesterday via South and
Central American ports. She left Ham-
Steamship Kambyses
Arrives With Pew
Passengers.
KOSMOS LINER
REACHES PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, MOND^, MAY 20, lMHiS
PREPARING A WELCOME
TO RETURNING PASTOR
Parishioners Will Greet Rev. Father Pius
Tlurphy Upon His Return l^ctol^me. v
5
Steamer.
Destination.
iaalls.1 Pier.
May SO. |
Coronado . Grays Harbor .... 5 pm
G. Dollar Grays Harbor 5 pm
W. Kruger... rillamook Bay 5 pm
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Rival.......... Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m
May 21.
Westport Bear Harbor 5 pm
Eureka Humboldt 9 am 1
Umctilla .. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm!
Bonlta Newport 9 am
May 22.
Empire Cops Bay 10 am
Aicata Cobs Bay 12 m
Queen San Diego a am
May 23. I
S. Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am
May 24.
Valencia Nome via Seattle :..
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma
May 25.
Corona Newport 9 am
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle
J. S. KImball Nome via Seattle
Portland Nome v. St. Mich'l .......
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am
Mantlalay.... Coqullle River 10 am
I
I Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 13
Pier 2
lath st
Pier 2
Pier la
Pier' 9
PMSS
Pier 11
] Pier 13
|Pler 13
I Pier 11
i
I
I Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier a
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 10
Victorian Skaguay, & Way Ports.. May 23
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Fa.ra.llon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Gottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 23
Ruth Golovln Bay direct..... May 25
Santa Ana: Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way. Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Roanoke Nome and St. Michael. May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Columbia... Portland and Astoria...
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro
Horda. Oyster Harbor ..........
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Coronado San Pedro . :
Tellus Oyster Harbor ...?. :
Wellington Oyster Harbor
America Maru. China and Japan
Titania '. Nanaimo ................
Empire Coos Bay
Pomona.. Humboldt
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports '
North Fork. .-. . . Humboldt
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma.....
Matteawan Tacoma
Mandalay....... Coqullle River
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Acapulco... Panama 4 Way Ports.
Corona Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego ..;
Point Ari>na.... Point Arena
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria
Palena....* Valparaiso via Panama
May 29
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 2X
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May. 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 25
May 29
Steamer.
Destination.
iaalls.1 Pier.
May SO. |
Coronado . Grays Harbor .... 5 pm
G. Dollar Grays Harbor 5 pm
W. Kruger... rillamook Bay 5 pm
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Rival.......... Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m
May 21.
Westport Bear Harbor 5 pm
Eureka Humboldt 9 am 1
Umctilla .. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm!
Bonlta Newport 9 am
May 22.
Empire Cops Bay 10 am
Aicata Cobs Bay 12 m
Queen San Diego a am
May 23. I
S. Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am
May 24.
Valencia Nome via Seattle :..
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma
May 25.
Corona Newport 9 am
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle
J. S. KImball Nome via Seattle
Portland Nome v. St. Mich'l .......
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am
Mantlalay.... Coqullle River 10 am
I
I Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 13
Pier 2
lath st
Pier 2
Pier la
Pier' 9
PMSS
Pier 11
] Pier 13
|Pler 13
I Pier 11
i
I
I Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier a
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 10
Victorian Skaguay, & Way Ports.. May 23
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Fa.ra.llon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Gottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 23
Ruth Golovln Bay direct..... May 25
Santa Ana: Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way. Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Roanoke Nome and St. Michael. May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Columbia... Portland and Astoria...
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro
Horda. Oyster Harbor ..........
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Coronado San Pedro . :
Tellus Oyster Harbor ...?. :
Wellington Oyster Harbor
America Maru. China and Japan
Titania '. Nanaimo ................
Empire Coos Bay
Pomona.. Humboldt
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports '
North Fork. .-. . . Humboldt
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma.....
Matteawan Tacoma
Mandalay....... Coqullle River
Santa Barbara. San Pedro
Acapulco... Panama 4 Way Ports.
Corona Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego ..;
Point Ari>na.... Point Arena
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria
Palena....* Valparaiso via Panama
May 29
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 2X
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May. 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 25
May 29
AMUSEIHENTS. I T ¦ ' I
A NEW BILL.
Al Leach and the Three Bosehuds,
Grace Van Studdiford, Genaro and
Bailey, Lew Sully, Burton and
Brooks, Bison City Quartet, Bio-
graph, and James O. Barrows, John
Lancaster and Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c;. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES
WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY, and SUNDAY!
*TJVPL1*
EVENINGS AT 8. -;
SATURDAY MATIN iE AT 2.
GREAT TOY MATINEE SATURDAY,
EVERY CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDING
THE
POPULAR PRICES .......25c and 60c
Telephone— Bush 9.
QRAND'OPEfiA HOUSE
. Commencing TO-NIGHT,
An Elaborate Production of the Sensational
x Chinese Drama,
THE QUEEN OF
CHINATOWN.
One of the' Bltorest Successes of the Season.
Introducing Many Specialties.
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c. A* Few Seats T5c.
A" Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra Saturday
• and Sunday Matinees 23 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK!
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS.
25c and'5Oc.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
LAST TIMES.
BARBARA
FR I ETC HIE.
Evening :.2Sc, 35c, 60c. 75c, J1.00
Baturdav Matint-c. ...25c. Me, 75o
Next Sunday, May 26— PHROSO. ,
TO-NIGHT at 8 o'clock
DOUBLE- BILL.
Francis Powers' Chinese Tragredy,
'PE FIRST BORN;^
Preceded by the Howling Farce.
"GLOR1ANA,"
'MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. -
R'FQrHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
.T lay n Jin o , lAdmisslon io^.
'¦ Gladys Middleton, Carita. Carter and Gerald.
Wm. • McDonald, . Augusta Salvinl, , Perry • and
Lovell; Powers and Freed and others. -
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. '
Open Dally From 7 a.~~m."to 11 p.. m.
> : - Bathing ¦ From 7 a. nv to 10 p. m.
: ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN Be
Bathing, including admission, 25c Children, 30c.
¦ '¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ..:----.¦•¦--
AMUft K M K. NTS.
bULU molA urn them
— — BEGINNDIO TO-NIGHT t—
HENRY MHLER
And a Strong Supporting Company t
-Presenting for * ,
6 NIGHTS AND
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
MATINEES,
The Romantic Success,
HEARTSEASE.
JText Play-^
"THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EABNEST."
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— XU This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Great Melodrama*
SHADOWS T
GREAT CITY.
Elaborate Scenic Features*— Startling 1 Effects.
First Appearance at This Theater of
GEORGte WEBSTER.
PDIfFC Evenings. ...10c, 13c, 25c. 35c, SOo
rnlVCJ Matinees 10c, 13e. 23o
Next "Week— "THE WAR OF WEALTH."
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EfVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING,.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND HER PICKA-
NINNIES: THE GILLEN TRIO: GEO. and
ETHEL WILSON: LITTLE * RUTH RO-
LAND: THE SAMAYOAS: MADELINE!
FRANKS; HALL SUBDUING WALLACE:
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Including the Launching of
the OHIO.
forrestHseabury,
HIGH DIVER.
AMATEUR Miff, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23. " ; O
RACING! RACING I RACING !
SPRING MEETING— Opening April ».
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raxing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday," Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. . '
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 ra. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. nx, connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train* reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu-s
electric cars at ' Seventh and Broadway, Oak*
1 land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland., Theie electric cars
so direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
1 4:42 p. m. and Immediately after the la«t ran*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
¦?PALACE HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who mxio
their he&dQU&rters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. DesirabU loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal*!
cuisine. American and European plans.
*GRAND HOTEL-
'¦'"¦¦ " — J
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Ib A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA.
tor and Nervine. '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Aeeats.
tS3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars. >
THE WEEKLY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTABLISHED 1873.
TELEPHONE ai||h
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPtCIAL REDUCTIONS.
Country orders solicited.
May catalogue—FREE.
HOKDAY-TDESDAY-WEDHESDAY.
0. K. WMskey^S
Re*, bot. $1 00. 3 bots. 92.00
Reg. pal. $4 00. $3.O0 grallon
Cal. OiiYe Oil. g^" bot 7Cc
Every bottle bears chemist's affidavit
as to absolute purity. Sample 10c.
Society Tea, Z7T£ mend !t lb 60c
Sample package 10c.
A blend of Oolong character.
PhntflPV highest grade made. Full assort-
VJIUIUOJ, m.'.t. sweet, hot, medium. Justre-
ceivod from Madras.
Reg. 40c—pt 3Oc Reg 60c—qt 3Oc
Sand Soap, Sti. 8 fop 25c
Jieg. 6 cakes for 2oC.
Lime Juice, ' R" B e1tc r:" pt 15c
Makes a delicious lemonade.'
Almond Soap, Ht^:.^ 25c
"Colgate's" —For toilet.
Laiarine, R 3 pigs 25c
Use like Pearline. Makes washing easy.
Tapioca > Pearl. T^sl 6 lbs 25c
Best quality.
Gin, Holland, 9 K 0 e? bot 75c
Reg. $4 00; gallon $3.00
Imported. U L. 4 Co.'e.
nncffll 1 F'er.ch, for piano, ORa
Green or blue; small quantity.
.Tcotbpick Holders '^L 10c
AcornicEicliel) Coffee, lb pig 20c
Reg. 25c. The only substitute for regu-
lar coffee used in Germany.
fitfflrC New shipment of "VELASQUEZ."
VlgOiO all siies—see window.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' mm [¦¦¦III I
TEETH OF YOUNG PEOPLE
Require attention and care. Then they
will grow straight, sound and beautiful.
Give her children the benefits conferred
by
High Class Dentistry,
And in after years they will be free from
pain.
Extracting, 60.50. Cleaning $1.00.
Gold Filling, 61.OO.
Oar Work I* Successful In Every Cuu.
CHALMERS DENTAL CO.,
San Francisco. 133 Powell St..
@VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL5
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Poeitlvely cure the
worst case* In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lest
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
. Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pain* In Back. Evil Deslrei. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry! Lobs of Semen, i—,^-v Vericocele or Con-
«lWtion. Stops Ne5Q rvou" .JEW."*
TI^
function. Don't eet despondent: acun Is at
hand Restore email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; BOc a
box: 6 for U 60 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. -Cir-
cular* free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co
40 Ellis et.. Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG GO.. JS and <0 Third St.
' ~ -^^
BADWAI'S READY KKLUa' has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and Quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, i Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Paine. All druggists.
AKY S rSrSI rnlrNI)
-'• /^^^^ MUNYON'S
mS^BSf*-- WITCH HAZEL
/^5^^^>. IDEAL FOR TEI»iDER SWNS.
S?~j' ¦ A WONDERfLL HELP TO
MAKES THE SKIN SOFT AS VELVET.
Mothers will find in Munyon's Witch Hasd Soap the ideal requisite
for baby's bath. For baby rash, teething spots, chafing, hives, milk
eruptions and all the discomforting' irritations of babyhood this soap h
a real blessing. It gives relief to the tortured little one at once; soothes
and calms and produces sleep. The delicate and delicious odor of the
soap keeps baby as swest as roses.
MUNYON'S WITCH HAZEL SOAP IS A POSITIVE CURE FOR MOST SKIN DISEASES*
IF WILL IMPROVE ANY CuMPLEXlON, NO MATTER HOW FAIR. WILL SOFTEN, BEAU-
TIFY AND REINV.GORATE THE HXIR.
Large size cakes, 15 cts^; trial size, 5 cts.; at all druggists.
If you have rheumatism, try Munyon's Rheumatism Cure: if you hava dyspepsia, try hi»
Dyspepsia Cure; If you have kidney disease, try Kidney Cure; Jf you have a cold, try his Cold
Cure- If you have a sore throat, try his Sore Throat Cure: If you have headaches, try hla
Headache Cure: if you have liver trouble, try his Liver Cure. Professor Munyon has pre-
pared a specific remedy for most every disease with which anybody can doctor and curs
himself They are mostly 25 cents each; at all drugfrlsts. It you have any disease of tli*
head, nose, throat Or lungs, try Munyon'B Inhaler. It will positively cure Catarrh Coida, Orlp.
Bronchitis. Influenza, Asthma. Two klnds-"hard rubber" and glass "Family." Price.
$1 each (including all medicines). If you need free medical advice write to
BROADWAY AND 26th STREET, NEW YORK.
ADViaaTISEMENTS.
Whatever you drink out- gdii
side, let your home beer be |||9
Schlitz. That is pure beer. l|ia
No bacilli in it — nothing to kMTb
make you bilious. ; FM
Beer is a saccharine pro-
duct, and the germs multiply
rapidly in it. The slightest Wffl
taint of impurity quickly Fvj
ruins its healthfulness. fe^
We go to the utmost ex- INil
tremes to prevent that. Wfin
Cleanliness is a science FtH
where Schlitz beer is brewed. fe§*s
We even cool the beer in U%m
plate glass rooms in nothing ffjlj
Then we filter the beer. W^ja
Then we ' sterilize every eSbpj
And Schlitz beer is aged.
The beer that makes you P^a
bilious is green beer. LLJ
When you order a beer f^l!
for your home, get the health- \b%M
fulness without the harm. WM
Get a pure beer— <get an old Plv]
beer — get Schlitz. Call for fc^
the Brewery Bottling. |5|j
Thone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- * P*|O
wood,212MarketSt.,SanFrancisco kv|M
' jf~**s.. Strictly Reliable./
V 69^\ Dr.Talcoit
ft /A 1 & CC\
Diseases and
y/ N^/£/3lN^ Weakness of
frefMENpGNLY
.By' or the greater number* of patients seeit-
lnK' relief J for so-called weakness are strong
robust men in every other reepect. Our theory
that Impotency.- Prematureness, etc., are not
weaknesses •¦ but the symptoms of inflammatory
processes in the Prostate Gland (so called neck
of bladder) caused by contracted disorders and
early dissipation.' la r.iw being adopted by the
; leading specialists of the tforld,' and that bur-
bear "Weakness of Men,'! is removed from the
list of incurable disorders. Even * the layman
can understand ( that tonics cannot cure inflam-
mation, 'and: these cases,; under their adminls-
tration-' go i from : bad \ to J worse. MJnder :our.
: local plan of treatment, ; directed toward ' re-
ducing the enlarged and swollen Prostate, im-
mediate results, as indicated: by increased cir-
culation \ and 'renewed strength, ; are.' observed.
Our colored charts of ' the p t oryans. / which :.w«
send free on : application, . Is Interesting; to any
•one wishing to study, the anatomy of .the male.
997.MAKKET.STBEE1', Cor. Sixth.-,Kansas has a State school, fund of
$7,500,000 invested In " such a .way • that It
brings in interest and reduces taxation.
¦ The annual product of currants in
Greece is about 290,000 tons; but last year
owing to the downy mildew, it fell to
45,000 tons.
->•¦¦- - * ¦: ¦-¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ • • - ¦ . ¦.:¦•._:
. JIYes, that's my,; wife down In the cellar
chopping kindlings."-^ - - .
"How does that. happen?"'
Sh xT S ;f ot;anT i d T e . a;tnat ; she ' s a second
Mrs.; Nations and :rnv encouraging her to
learn , the use of . the hatchet.' ? -Pittsb u 'rs
Dispatch.* * . °
Draw Game.
; Batteries— Heesemans, Black, Peterson
and Falrhanks: Hollister, Mills and Lau
ritzen. . • . - .- ¦ . . .,
HOLLISTER, May 19.— A draw game of
eleven Innings was played here to-day be
tween Hollister and the Heesemans. 1
x - At Harbor View yesterday, the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club had "a- very '.windy,
day but did : some good shooting. " 'A-'.B:
Dorrell led with ; the • rifle,'. Captain 5 Fred
Kuhnle a good second. '. F." O.' Young led
with the, revolver. ;.. - \ >v
¦ '¦ Scores. /olrtiand shooting, on Columbia tar
¦ i Rifle, "200 yards, • 10-shot scores — A:' B. DorT-ell '
47 60, B3. 66, D9, -G2, 63; ; Captain. Fred Kuhnle
69* 61, 6J, 82. -¦•.-• ..:-": ¦'-., ' •;
' Pistol ¦ CO yards, 10-shot scores— F. 0. i Young
38 42, 42 42, 46, 48, 49, 49 ; Ed Hovey 42,' 43, 46,
67;*r>r. J. F. Twist 69,72; Mrs.. C.'F.'j Waltham
74. 86,-88;' J. B, Bradley-96. -;. = --¦¦- - :. -• -•.* .i-y-,
¦~ Revolver,- 60 -yards, - 10-shot- *cores- : -F.*'iO."
Young 39, - 45 ; 4 P. <Jl: •' Becker ; 61,, 66, ' 69,: . 70/. 72 ; ;
CM. Daias 62, 63; Dr. J.F.". Twist 78," 90. ;*.¦-.
.22 rifle, 50 yards, ; 10-shot scores— F. O. Young
17. 20." - ¦ ; ... ."¦-: ;.;.¦:;¦ ,
Columbia Club Scores.
-> Both^/contestants : l1 have }j claimed iv the
championship , for several years ¦• and • each
"was ; anxious , to arrange a .match ,with : the
dtheribut' It s "was ;only until*; lately .when
Mr.V'Angell i' defeated • "the v Los : ; Angeles
champion' that 1 , their., anxiety.j appeared to
. be. productive* of < results. ¦ • - ... ..-"•-.
..The .: terms -.of j the 1 agreement were that
hewho should win, the most games in the
hours ; from 9 till ' 12 in i the f morning ' and
from i l'i till i 5 ' in j. the * afternoon i should • be ¦
officially ¦ declared' champion . of ' the ; coast/
Thirty-one. , games ¦ were played -in the al
lotted '¦ 7 time. . .- Eighteen -:;¦> resulted .In
"draws.',' * ". Mr. J Angell won : eleven out . of
the i remaining , thirteen . and was ; declared
champion.- V -'¦¦' -* ;:\
CHECKEB CHAMPIONSHIP : ] f '•'
IS WON BY 'H. M. AiNGrlXL
. H. M. . Angell won- the coast checker
championship ' yesterday, -.from W.'. . J.
Bowe -at; Mechanics'..; Institute. , Great in
terest :' was i centered \ in ;Cthe • contest and
therecreatioh^ rooms at the" institute were
filled 1 all day, long ".with eager ¦ spectators. "
' International Trap-Stiooting. '
; •NEW'TORK,- May; 19.— The match ; for
$2500 a- side between teams \6l ; British an.i
'American* trap • shooters at" Inanimate tar
gets;.: Which : is . to - take s * place on ':- 1 he
grounds " of ; the i Middlesex : Gun ; Club,: near
London; England; on r June 11 and four fol-"
lowing; days, promises -to* be ; one .of J the
most Interesting -of 'many;:, internatfonal
contests J to : be decided^ this -year. ¦' 'After
many weeks '. of : preparation 7 - and ¦ negoela
tion arrangements " have been ; most- satis
factorily J completed. •:. Twelve i of ' the best
,wing shots in, the United States have been
selected - to ? represent America, I and >• they,
¦with several ; friends, ? some ; of whom l may,
,be i called ¦> upon to -; act : as ' substitutes - in'
case of emergency,*, will: sail from this city,
next '¦ Sunday. They t expect to-^reach j Lon-.
don ! about : June 5," so 1 that '. they will i have
a' f eWf days • for,' practice. ; • : ¦ . : < '.-¦
'•'¦• The : members /of : the ! team are . Thomas
A.': Marshall,. Frank S.-Parmalee; J.vA. PL
Elliott, : R.O.Helkes,* Fred Gilbert, .W.-R. 1
Crosby, J. S. Fanning, 1 Edward Eanka,," C:
.M.* Powers,' C. W.Budd.'R. Merrill and B.
H.'.Tripp.
ENTRIES FOB AMATEUR.
BOXING TOTTRITAMENT
The entries for the amaleur boxing
tournament which -will take place at the
Olympic ; Club next Wednesday and
Thursday evenings are as follows:
lC5-pound -class— J. McKalley. S. F.'a.^C.*-
F.'Neil. O. C; H; McLaughlln, unattached 1
Joe Hill, S.F. A.'C.
115-pound class— Tommy Taylor W. O A.
C. ; E. Finnerty, S. F. A. C: William SnaU
ham, 1 8. - F. A. C. ; J. V. H. Dukey, W. O. A
C. ; James Howard. . Occidental C. ; J. Hart"
unattached; E.. Parker. S. F. A. C.
125- pound class— W. . J. ~ Leonard, O. C. ¦ D
Danziger, O. C; J. Lemcke, O. C. ; J. P. Tlret
unattached: B. Ferrell, W. O. A. C. ; Joseph
Neil. W. O. A. C: K. Derby, -unattached - I>
Mulllns, S. F. A. C. ' '
135-pound clasa— Jerry Kenny, Keystone A
C; Andy Teazell. Pacific A. C; P. Coleman
S./F. A. C. •
143-pound class— M. J. Breen, O.» C.- J
Stelnltzky. W. O. A. C. '
•158-pound clasa— H. Kenny. Hawthorne A C •
a , Berger, : O. C. : Joseph Doyle,- unattached •
H. Foiey, Ariel R." C.
168-pound class— C. Mllward, O. C: C Galla
rln. Pacific A. C. ' . • "
Heavyweight . class — Joseph Millet!, a T. A.
C ; G. Maclntyre,* O. C.
A. special tennis match between
Merle Johnson and Harold Crowell was
played yesterday, - and resulted in an
easy victory for the former. There has
been considerable discussion of late " as
to which of these players is the better
Several months ago Crowell defeated
Johnson without much trouble, but the
iatter has been- improving steadily since
and the ease with which he disposed of
OroweU yesterday proved conclusively
that he is a better player than his op
ponent. The score in Johnson's favor
was 6-2, 6-L 6-3. His style is very pe
culiar, and Crowell could do but . little
with the more aggressive game of his
opponent. In spite of his crushing de
feat Crowell was not satisfied with the
outcome, and consequently . a return
match will be played in the near future.
The Pacific States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation will hold .a. meeting to-night,
when several important cfuestions will
be settled. The most important question
and the one that is interesting the
cracks the most is as to whether the sin
gles tournament for the championship of
the. coast will be played on the Fourth
of July, or whether it will go over until
September and be played with > the dou
bles. Ever since tennis, was started on
the coast the. singles have been played
In July, and should it be changed now
the change would probably be a perma
nent one. The question as to whether or
Bot there shall be a State championship
•Mirziament will also be s""*_
Johnson Beats Crowell.
DETROIT, May 19.— A combination of four
hits, four errors and a base on' balls gave
Cleveland six runs In the opening Inning, and
the locals never got within hailing distance af
terward. Moore. Itept- Detroit's, hits : well scat
tered. Genins' three two-base hits were . the
feature. Attendance,' 2000. Score:
• . R. H. ¦ E^'
Cleveland.. ...11 15 0
Detroit-. •:••¦ 2- 8 5
Batteries— Siever and McAllister, Moore and
Wood. . ..."
j CHICAGO, May 19.— Chicago won easily, Mil
waukee never having a chance alter their first
time at' bat. ; Dowling's ¦ wildness; and errors
gave the home team the majority of their runs.
Mertes' double play was the ¦ feature. , Attend-'
ance, 8C00; Score: . '-V
- R. ' II. El.
Chicago ....:... .....14 - 13 2
Milwaukee. 3 ; 15 5
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Garvln, Dow
ling and Connor.' Leahy. .¦ r ,
Eastern Baseball.
¦Thirty- started In the half mile novice
race, which .was ¦ divided: into three • heats
and a final: The first heat was won by J
Ephraim of the Olympic Club Wheelmen'
time 1:10; B. J. Halle, Olympic Club
rwheelmen, second. The second -heat was
won by E.- Engleroff. time 1:13; R. ""wn
liamson,'- Oakland -.Wheelmen," second" "• The
third heat - was 'won- by Charles • G "»Do~
• man, 'time " 1:14; McNulty, second Th*
final, was 'won by .'Charles G. Dorman" J
time: 1:20; Ephraim, second; Williamson*
third. ¦ — — • - , , . _ __ •
The officials were: Referee, T G SDil
lane; starter, G.'-W. Leavitt; judges 'a E
J. ¦ Nye, F.- Carroll ; ; clerk ¦» of * course " A*
Bedbury; scorers. Pop Rambo, H Muher :
time : keepers, H.Ja-jkson, "William Mar
tin;. announcer, B.H. Elf gxd.
"On next Sunday ithere, will be a ten
"mile match ; race ¦¦ between ; H. ' D Bean of
the ' Bay City .Wheelmen ' and Jack Winz
of.the-Garden City -Wheelmen., who madl
the. fastest time In. the 100-mile re'ay and
several other events.: '/' a " u
For the first ; five miles Knox- led by 25
yards, and for the next three miles they
were riding even. After thlr. Bean's pace
became faster and "he beat Knox by half
a lap. • ¦/ '.-.... ' .
¦- The five-mile match race between Pat
: McDonald of San Joi;e and George Mc-
Kinney. of the Olympic Club Wheelmen
was won by. the former In the good time
of , 11 minutes 34 seconds. He was paced
by the famous tripkt team, consisting of
Jack Wing, A." T.* Smith; and H.^Newsom
The Downing '¦ Brothers of i San Jose ' also
; rode. well. -f3WP9HpMt9BVBK'- / . . .
; ! OAKLAND, May! 10.— A ] good : crowd at
tended the. bicycle races at Elmhurst to-;
day. No records and no bones werebrok
eri and the day was a Vucce'ss. 2
¦ The princrpal .event of "the" day was a
ten-mile match race between A. .Knox of
the" Olympic Club Wheelmen and.H. D.*
Bean of the Bay City Wheelmen. Bean
won In 23 minutes 3 seconds. , .'
Bicycle Races Yesterday
Afternoon. "
Good Time' Made at; the Elmliurst
NO RECORDS AND v
i£?C^0j: NO.BONES BEOKEN
P. ; Meegan and C. Geggrus 21 21 21
J. : Guilt oy , and J. Donahue ......IS 13 16
E.'Curley and A. Hampton .*........ 13 21 21 21
J. C. Nealoa and W. Magulre 21,20 19 10
J. Harlow and R. Murphy.. ....21 13-21 21 21
J. Riordan and E. . Maloney....l7 21 20 15 is
O. Barrett and M. O'Rourke .....21 21 21
A. Gratlus and^T. Mamhamatt 17 13 13
T. Leach and C. " Lakin 21 15 21 21
W. Walsh, and E. White .;...; 9 21 IS 19
P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon.. 21 21 19 14 21
A.. Pennoyer and G. Hutchinson. 12 IS 21 21 13
T. Serrcs and B. v White.... 21 21 IS 21
"W. Johnson and G. Green 20 15 21 17
M. Maber and M. McNeil 21 21 21
G. McDonald and M. McLeod U 13 ' 20
6. ; B. Hayward and P. Ryan. ..21 21 21 IT II
M.-.Basch and W. H. Sleberst..l2 15 IS 21 18
A. Tavares and C. LaVin 21 20 21
C. Smith and P. Munz ....20 21 15
At the San; Francisco handball courts
yesterday the, following games were
played:
J." McXamara and . T. Finn. ... 21 21 IS*" 21
P. Karrell and J. Madden 13 10 21 14
Handball Games.
•First race/ butchers' trotting and ; pacing
(retailers)— Frank Merrill. . Bonnie B ; R. Con
sani. Jack; G. -Tassie, Headlight; A. Glovan
netti/ Bell ; B. ; Coombs, -Anita. .
Second race, , butchers' . trotting arid, pacing
(wholesalers and < jobbers)— Monroe Schweitzer
Hermia; . Herbert ' Levy, Eclipse ; A. Clayburgh
Lazy Charlie; ¦ A.' Sllverbcrg, . Billy L; A. De
courtieux, i Algregor. ¦::.. ¦ -¦-,:¦-- . .• - ;•
Third raco,; running, -one mile— For four-year
olds and upwards, 1 ten , pounds below the scale.
. Fourth ¦ race, ' free ; for all, : trotting ' and ' pac
ing—Monroe Schweitzer, Hermia; * William Van
Kenrcn," Mattle B; H. H. Dunlap, King Ca
denza ; C. ¦•". E. . Parks. -¦¦ Imp; Simpson & Co.,
Fitz : Lee ;,Po well^& Combs, Orilla J; D. Rob
erts," Algregor. '»'¦•. . .*-•,¦-.
1 Fifth race; ' running, 'one ? mile— For ¦ three
year-olds ' and upwards; weight for age. '
,: Sixth race, free ¦ for, all. trotting and pacing,
two mile dash— Louis AVerner," Goldie; William
Van Kenren." 'Mattle B: >" John Meads, i Localeer ;
William Tobin, « Kitty W ; H." H. , Dunlap. King
Cadenza; C. E." Parks, Imp; Powell & Combs,
Orilla J. ¦ ¦_.., ,-• ¦ ... , , ' . .
-., Seventh race.' steer running.' one-eighth milo
—Edward O'Day..,AVlId,Bin; H. Danz, Splitear
Sal; T. '.Harrington,*; Bosco. ¦< . ¦ . ,. •
" Eighth'; race,; vaquero running, one-fourth
mile—Charles ¦Ford, : Ho,- Ho;' Edward. O'Day,
Silver. Dick ; John -, Flaherty. ' Galloping : Dick ;
H.JDanz, John Brown; J.. O. Sanchez, Mlll
brae; William Harney,- Crickett. '
.Ninth -race,- runnlrg, one mile— For four
year-olds , and- upwards. 1
At the OaklandlRace Track on Wednes
day, May 22, the Butchers'; Board of Trade
will hold its eighth annual: celebration.
Besides the '¦¦ games at Shell Mound the
programme will include' a ¦ number of
trotting races. The events and'entries are
as follows: ' , ;
BUTCHEBS' : CELEBRATION"
AT OAKLAITB RACETRACK
Entries for the Trotting and Pacing
Event Axe Completed and
' Listed.
BOSTON, May i 19.— The . torrential •' rain
and, the general dreariness of Sunday did
not ¦ prevent hundreds ¦ of sightseers from
visiting the 'Atlantic ivorks in East 1 Bos
ton to-day. to see the yacht Independence
as she; lay, moored in' the slip there. .;• ! ,r
She was. subjected to critical scrutiny;
and the T general opinion y was favorable.
She: has a businesslike ; appearance in
every line, and when ¦ her mast ' Is stepped
and sails bent she will.be every s inch: a
racer. ~. : - ' : -"::-i---ii- -¦-" '<¦ r;*-" ¦ :^'- ¦¦ : --- :
, The mast will be stepped to-morrow and,
the work of fitting out: will begin in good
earnest. All the standing rigging is ready,
and ' the • sails . are made. The • steering
wheel is not, yet In .position. The: deck
of . steel ' and • aluminum has not yet \ been
covered ! with canvas." . That, however, ¦• can
be* done. in a couple of days. . The orders
are < to -hurry her,* completion and to lose
no time. fXisJg? :
: SOUTHAMPTON, May;i9.-^Sir Thomas
Upton said to a representative of the As
sociated Press tonight: *<:¦
"Everything'coruiected ; with the Sham
rock IMs now in' proper condition ' for a
thorough racing trial. I am /determined
that the challenger and the former chal
lenger ; shall fight it ; out * in ' a manner ¦ to
test their respective' abilities i beyond -all
question. Both yachts will be sent out .to
morrow morning for a long day's racing on,
the outside course, and an endeavor will be
made to test them on every^possible point,
sailing in whatever weather offers.- The
trials will be continued daily,- and -the
Shamrock II will, be driven a3 . hard ;as
possible, with the double purpose of prov
ing "her sneed and of discovering any
weakness." .£."'.¦> ' . ' ¦¦ : ' ; ;
SJghtseers Visit Atlantic Works
-Where Independence Is Bapidly
; Being Fitted Out. _
SHAMROCK II WILL BE
PUT* TO EVERY TEST
On Saturday afternoon and evening sev
eral boats of the S.in Francisco Yacht
Club cruised up to Paradise Cove under a
fa!r breeze and anchored there for the
night Among the craft were vice com
modore R. S. Bridjrman's sloop ' Thetis,
and the sloops Mischief, Surprise. Cather
ine and Anita. The yachtsmen went
aehore, made a fire and cooked supper
Yesterday the fleet was augmented by the
sloops Siren. Juanita and Cygnus, and the
launches America and Edwina. An ex
tempore oven was built of the bricks,
found plentifully at the Cove, and clams,
sweet potatoes and frankfurters were pre
pared for luncheon. After a bountiful re
past the yachtsmen went aboard and
sailed back under a moderate breeze on
an ebb tide, to their moorings.
Several Corinthian yachts visited Para
dise Cove yesterday, among them being
\ ice Commodore E . F. Sagar's sloop
Edna, the sloops Embla. Harpoon, Speed
well and Cupid. The sloop Aloha of the
California Yacht Club also cruised in' the
upper bay, and R. L. Eames anchored in
Lone Tree Cove. Angel Island. The
schooner Chispa. the sloop Sappho and
many other yachts were under way, en
joying the light breezes and smooth
water.
Pleet Enjoy Clambake on
Marin Shore.
YACHTSMEN CRUISE
TO PABADISE COVE
Sailors of San Francisco Pleasure
Otto Feudner 24, Edward Feuclner 19, Golcher
23, Webb 23, Foster 22. Fred Feudner 23,
Slado 19, ' Schultz 22, Klevesahl 2i, "George"
14. Hosmer ,16, Oldman 14. King 21, Shields
18, Rlcklefson 23, E. Schultz (back score) 18.
P. Bancroft 22,-. N. J. Street 13, P. Bancroft
(back score 17, /Shields 19, M. . E. Unger«19,
Sears 18, V/eiim . .
Event No. 2— O. Feudner 14,.- Schultz 13,
Webb 14,» Sears 13, F. Feudner 10, Debenham
12, - Robertson 12. Shields 14. Sanborn 10, Scott
12, Edward Feudner 13, . Hauer 10, La Motte
14, Reed . 12, Rlckerson 14, Smith 12, George
11, Slade 13, Rosenberg 15, Well 10, McCutch
en 10, Klevesahl 13, Kerrison 10, King 10,
Iverson 12, Lewis 6, Foster 14, Wilson 10, Gor
don 9, Murdock 11, Daniel3 13, Derby 12.
Event No. 3— Rchultz 14, Sears 13, -Klevesahl
14, Rickerson 15, .Kerrison 12, Wilson 11. "O.
Fcudner 14, Forster 13, Slade 11. Rosenberg
9.- Weil 11, Fred Feudner 14, Hauer IS. Reed
9. -Webb 11. Debenham 14, La Motte 10, Edward
Feudner 11. Robertson 12. Iverson 11, King 12,
Shields 12, Sanborn 8, McCutchen 10, Burnell
14, Haight 14, Derby 12, Daniels 15, W. Gol
cher 12, George, 9. Wirtner 8, Hoyt 14, Justin.*?
10, Smith 8, Karney . 13, Scott 8.
¦Event No. 4— O-- Feudner 14, Schultz 15. Wil
son 13, Klevesahl: 14, Bruns 15, Fred Feudner
13. Hauer 9, Reed 11, Webb 14, Debenham 14,
La Motte 12. Ed Feudner 13, Forster 14, Golcher
10, Slade 11. Rosenberg 12, Weil 11, Hoyt 1 10,
Olympic ' Gun Club praotlce— Robertson 18,
Klevesahl 11, Shields 20, Hoffman : 6, Daniels
11, Smith 1C, Hosmer 16, Shields 18. George 9,
Hoffman 16, Forster 11, Olcsen ' 15, McCatchen
20, Shields (B.) 23, Golcher 24. King (B. B. S.)
24. Shields 17. Olesen 18, Hoffman 9. Daniels
18,. Schultz 23, Sanborn IS, Olesen 17, McCatchen
15, Feudner (withdrawn)- 7,- Iverson 17, Hoyt
18, Hoffman 9. F. Feudner withdrawn, Webb
19, Harrison 22, Thomas : 18, ' Hosmer • 10, Mc-
Catchen 22 La Motte 21. Reed 20, O. Feudner
13, Knick 2. Wilson (bar) 24, Olesen 8 Hosmer
15, Shields 21,'La Mott". 14, Wilson 11, Knick 4,
Will 15, Fuller 5; Wlr.tner 12, M. O." Feudner
(S. B.) 17. King 23, George 9, - Feudner 14
(withdrawn). Sanborn 14, Owens 17, Shields 13,
Fred Feudner 12 (withdrawn), Knick 14 Derby
15. ¦ George 19, Haight • (club) 19, Wirtner 17,
Furnell 7, Justins .22, Rosenberg 18, Will 16,
M. O. Feudner 25 (G.» B.),. Haight 12 (with
drawn). ¦ • .-. . • ¦.¦¦..¦.-.-*..-.
15, Kerrison '13. Lewis 11, Sanborn 18, Daniels
22, Golcher 17. Rickerson 17, Shields 18, Derby
19, Sweeney. 13, Smith 13.. Justins 18.
-During the* practice 'shoot those who
made fifteen consecutive received a gold
medal and those -who made twenty-five
straight a gold bar. In . many Instances,
when^it became evident that the shooter
could not accomplish a clean score. 1 he
withdrew. ¦ • , ¦ .
Robertson 12, Iverson 14, King 12, Sanborn 12,
Sears 10, Kerrison • 12, Hoag ¦ 11, Daniels " 11,
Rlckerson 11, .Haight 13, Scott 11. Derby 11.
Smith 9, George 8, Justins-12.. - , • .
.Event No. 5— O. Feudner 2 i, Schultz 20, Wil
son 19. Bruns : 22, : Klevesahl' 24, Fred Feudner
22, McCatchen 20, Iverson 22, Burnell 19,
Debenham 20, King 23, ¦ Robertson 21, -Thomas
GROUP OF TRAP-SHOOTERS, CAUGHT
. IN CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES
' AT INGLESIMJ. \ii '.'-'¦
Next Month. .
OAKLAND, May 19.— At 6:10 this morn-
Ing three birds from A. Lernharfs hom
ing lofts, . Centerviile, were liberated at
Redding by R. G. Dunn. The weather was
clear, with light wind from the north; the
distance is 209 miles and 40 yards.: At ex
actly 11:19 a. m. two birds arrived and
were timed with the Pacific Pigeon Club's
new timing machines. They flew the dis
tance in five hours nine minutes, or at tho
rate of 1190.55 yards per minute. |
The next race of the Pacific Pigeon Club
of Alameda County will be held from
Drains, Oregon, the 405 mile station,' next
Sunday, the 26th inat. Some fifteen or
more birds are already entered and good
time is anticipated. This distance has
never been flown in one day on this coast.
¦ The young bird races start ' on June 9.
Over 200 birds will participate. ;..¦ . ; ; , ';¦;.
PIGEONS MAKE FAST
- . IX Y FROM BEDDING
Preparing for Some Long-Distance
Races Which Will Be Held
HE Olympic Club's bluerock shoot
I yesterday, which afforded the last
II opportunity -for .practice previous
- JJL to the annual inanimate tar
pet tournament, drew , one of
the largest, crowds of the season to the
Ingleside traps. Two bulkheads were Tcept
in continual operation. The shooting on
the whole was far above the average and
an unprecedented number of clean scores
were made. The Olympic Club's scheme
of awarding a silver bar to any one who
succeeds in grassing fifteen consecutive
birds and a gold, bar to any, one who
breaks twenty-five straight Is proving an
immense incentive.
During the day's shoot Otto Feudner se
cured six straight scores ; of fifteen tar
gets each and two straight scores of
twenty-five targents, thus winning six
silver and two gold bars. This record
has not been surpassed during the pres
ent season, and augurs weir for Feudner' s
chances as a trophy winner in the com'ng '.
tournament. E. Klevesahl also distin
guished himself by allowing but six birds
out. of 190 to escape beyond the range of
his gun.
Others whose work before the bulk
heads secured decorations were: La Motte,
King 2, Justins, Derby 3, Kerrison,
Brans, Rosenberg, Daniels 2, Klevesahl.
Fred Feudner 2, W. J.' Golcher, Webb,
Rlcklefson, P. McCrae 2. . E. Schultz se
cured both a gold and silver medal.- ¦'
Besides the club shoot there were, four
special pool shoots, of which three were
fifteen-bird races, the club adding $5 to
the purse, and one a grand merchandise
shoot with twenty-five targets to each
man. The . merchandise shoot occasioned
keen rivalry and resulted In ,O. Feudner
and Klevesahl tying for first •. prize, with
scores of 24 each.
At the live-bird traps which were used
by the San Francisco Gun Club but three
"clean scores were made,' and the honor of
making them fell to the'guns of Jackson,
Forster and Haight. . ¦¦-'¦'. }
San Francisco Gun Club live-bird shoot,
fifteen birds. Scores: " ».-¦
Murdock '... 2 1111*1 11 1 1 2 1 1 2— 14
Bhaw 022 2 2 222222222 2—14
Rosenberg 211112 12022212 2—14'
Well 0111111010102 2 1—14
Karney 11*11222211221 •— 13
Sweeney 02220212121112 1—13 J
Derby :.'.. 111111220 11110 1—13
Jackson 11212122 2-2 1211 1—15-
Ross (withdrawn). 12 1112-6, •
Haight 212222 2 1201221 2—14
Donohce 11112012212 1*2 0—12
Forster 11221111211122 1—15
First fifteen-bird pool, high guns dividing: •¦ •
Sweeney (B. S.).... '11012202 10111 1—11
Derby (B. S.) 21111021221112 1—14
Donohoe 1112 112 2 12 2*10 1—14
Jackson 22222012201112 1—14
Shaw 1222 2 2 22222022 2—14
Haight 21221111122221 1—13
Hoffman (wlthd'n) 012002100 1—6
Second nf teen-bird pool, special event :-
Shaw 22222220112212 2—14
Jacksom 12121211112 121 1—15
¦ Third fifteen-bird pool, special event:
Shaw 2*121221202222 2—13
Jackson 12211112121011 2—14
•Bird dead out of bounds. B. S., back score.
Olympic Gun Club race, 25 targets, scores-
Possible Winners.
First race— Lucera, Mamie Hlldreth, Cora
Goetz.
Second race— Tyranus, Estado/ Lento.
Third race— Meehanus, ' Grafter, Dunfree.
Fourth race— Good Hope, Dollle "Weithoff.
Alee:;
¦ Fifth race— Goldone. Rio Shannon. Donator.
Elxth race— Formatus, Parader, Alaska.
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; tfur
year-olds and upward; selling.
2411 Begonia V ....109 2 S71 Position 107
2423 Formatus 114 (2423)Parader 113
2447 Boardman US 2453 Alaska 11H
2471 H. Thatcher -.114 2447 Sylvan. Lass ..119
2474 Burdoc 114 |
During the meeting of tho Montana
Jockey Club, which opens at Butte on
Juno 29, the harness horses will re
ceive some* consideration. The pro
gramme for this class of events has
been set as follows: Saturday, June 29,
purse 1; 2:35 trot, $450; Monday, July 1,
purse 2, 2:27 pace, $500; Tuesday, July 2
(three-year-olds), purse 3, 2:40 trot,
$4C0; Wednesday, July 3, purse 4," 2:22
pace. $500; Thursday, July 4, purse 5,
2:17 trot, $500; Friday, July 5 (two-year
old trot), purse 6, $400; Saturday. July 6.
purse 7, . 2:15 pace, $500; Monday, July 8,
purse 8, 2:27 trot, $500; Tuesday, July 9,
purse 9, 2:40 pace. $400; Wednesday, July
10, purse 10, 2:14 trot, $500; Thursday, July
11 (two-year-old pace), purse 11, $400;
Friday, July 12, purse 12, 2:17 pace. $500.
Entries for the third week's harness
programme close on Monday. July 8. One
or more harness races each day.
All races will be decided under National
Trotting Association Rules.
The big Denver race meet commences
June 15. Entries for the Colorado Derby
close to-day. Under entirely new man
agement this promises to be the great
est • carnival of running and harness
events in the history of Colorado racing.
Following is the list of the probable
starters and Jockeys, with the weights,
for the Brooklyn handicap, to be run at
Oravesend on Saturday, May 25:
Bahastar.,122 (Odona); McMeekin, IIS (O'Con
nor); Standing. 113 (Plssott): Alcedo. 112 (J.
Walsh); Raffaello, 111 (Mitchell); Sidney Lucas,
110 (Van Dusen); Star Bright, 110 (Burns):
Gulden. 108 (Henry); Brigadier. 104 (Mounce):
Xing Bramble, 104 (Bullman); Bonnert. 100
(Landry); "Water Care. ICO (Shaw); Wither?,
100 (Stack)- Herbert, 93 (Smith); Bellario, 98
(Brennan); All Gold. 98 (Daly).
There will probably be a slight falling
off in the number of bookmakers at Oak
land this afternoon. Hoffman & Co. and
Joe Harlan quit on Saturday, prepara
tory to making the Eastern trip. "Vir
ginia" Caryoll and George Rose, it is un
derstood, will make but one more
"cut-in." - ¦ '
To-Day 's Entries.
Flrst^race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: selling.
2459 Cora Goetz ....102 2407 Lief Prince 107
2416 Bonitary 102 2463 Matilda O ....102
»43O M Hlldreth....lC2 2430 Phil Archibald. 107
2416 Cerro Santa.... 104 2350 Slsenvlne ..10»
2422 Lucera 102 2434 Parsifal ..104
2368 Pegalong .104 2416 Gaylon Brown.. 104
Second race-^Flve furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling. .
2432 Peter Sterling.. 118 2452 Pepper Sauce.. US
24C6Tyranus 113 2464 Lento 113
2464 Clear Sky 115 2452 Quadra 115 1
2452 Estado US
Third race — Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
(2430)Meehanus US 1915 Imp BroadbrimlH
(2434)Grafter 103 .2456 Mike Rice lit
2439 Spike 109 2473 El Mldo Ill
2 J57 Cromwell 114 2444 Einstein Ill
2399 Snips 109 2443 Alturas Ill
2469 Dunfree 97 2456 Flamero .......111
Fourth race— Six furlonss: three-year-olda
and upward: selling.
2451 Dol. "WelthonT..105l 2461 Good Hope 105
2439 Alee • 107! 2 too Nullah 105
2473 Torslna 105! 2473 Amasa ...107
2456 Rinaldo ...:.. ..1071
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(2175)Goldone '. 1121 2467 Malay 108
(2457)Rlo Shannon... 112 [ 2439 Donator ........113
HARNESS, PKOGEAMME
TOR MONTANA CIBCTJTT
Idst of Probable StartersV in the
Brooklyn Handicap— Excellent
Card at Oakland.
Earned runs— Los Angeles 1, Oakland 1.
Three-base hit— Householder. Two-base hits-
Householder, Brockhoff. Streib, Held. - Sacri
fice hit — Bowman. First base on errors — Log
Angeles 2. First base on called balls— Oft Hale
3. off Babbitt 8. Left on bases— Los Angeles 9,
Oakland 8. Struck out— By ¦ Hale 3, by : Bab
bitt 6. Hit by pitcher— Spies, Held. Double
play— Moore to Arrellanes to Streib. Passed
balls — Adams 2. Time or game— 1:50. Umpire
O'Connell. Scortr— Cashman.
SUMMARY.
.Totals 31 2 9 1 24 13 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 0—7
Base hits ...2 2 1 10 2 0 0— S
Oakland i. .-. 2 0 0 0 0:0 0 0—2
Base hits... A 2 0 2 1 2 2 0 0—9
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. r. f 5 2 2 1 • 2 0 0
Kelly, s. «.... : 4 2 1 1 2 " 6 1
Hutchinson. lb 2 10 0 8 0 0
Householder, c. f... 6-0 3 01.0 0
Spies, c 3 0 10 4 2 0
Reilly, 3b 8 11 0 3 10
Bowman. I. f 3-0 00 2 0 0
Briseno. 2b 1 1 0 0 2 10
Hale, p 4 0 0 0. 0 2 0
Totals SO '7 8 2 24 , 12 - 1
OAKLAND.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 3 0 1 1 0 0 0
Streib, lb..... ..4 .12 0 9 0 0
Held, r. f 3 13 0 0 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b........ 4 0 0 0" 2 4 ""0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Francks. s. 6 4 0 2 .0 0 4 2
Moore, 3b 2 0 10 12 0
Adams. C : 4 0 0 0 7 3 0
Babbitt, p 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, May 19.-Los Angeles
broke the hoodoo this afternoon and won
handily, in eight innings. Then Captain
Lohman took his men - from the field in
order to catch the Owl, despite protests
from Manager Morley and Umpire O'Con
nell, who could do nothing but declare the
game forfeited to Ix>s Angeles by- a score
of 9 to 0. Five thousand fans in attend
ance were furious over Lohman's action.
Score:
to Catch the Train.
Lohman'6 Team Quits Play in Order
DUDES JUMP THE GAME.
Runs responsible for — Iburg 4, Thomas 4.
Home runs — Pabst, Thomas. hit —
Courtney. Two-base hits— Hanlon, McLaugh
lin. Sheehan, Nordyke.. Sacrifice hit— Iburg.
First base on errors— San Francisco 2, Sacra
mento 1. First base oh called balls — San Fran
cisco 4. Left on bases — San Francisco 6. Sac
ramento 6. Struck out — By Iburg 2, by
Thomas 6. Hit . by pitcher— Hildebrand,
Schwartz, Croll andfGraham. Double play-
Schwartz to Nordyke. Wild pitch— Thomas.
Time of same — 1:55. - Umpire— J. Donohue.
Official scorer — H. S. McFarlin.
SUMMARY.
SAN FRANCISCO. -
* 'AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. If 4 0 10 3 1 1
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 6 0
Krug, ss 4 20 13 4. 0
Pabst. rf 3 3 10 2 0 0
Croll. cf 4 1 1 0 0 0 1
Nordyke, lb 5 0 2 1 14 1 0
J. Reilly, 3b 5 0 2 0 1 2 0
Graham, c 4 0 113 10
Iburg, p 3 0 0 0 12 0
' ¦ Totals ...'........'.35 6 8 3 30 : 16 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. ss 5 2 1 0.2 3 2
McLaughlin. If 5 0 2 0.2 0 0
Courtney. 2b 5 110 4 2 0
Doyle, rf 5 ... 0-10 1 10
McGucken, cf 4 0 10 0 10
Hanlon,lb 4 0 1 0 12 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 .1 0 7 1 0
Sheehan, 3b. 4 13 0 2 6 0
Thomas, p 4 11 0 0 3 0
Totals ......40 5 12 0.30 17 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. - fi:^:\
San Francisco..; 2 02010000 1—6
Base hits ; 1 0 2 12 0 0 0 11—8
Sacramento ' 2 003000000-^5
Base hits 3 2.1 4;1 0 0 0 1 0—12
; In the tenth inning Croll was on third
when Reilly hit to the pitcher. Thomas
became rattled, threw to first and Croll
scored. In the fourth the Senatorial team
.tied the score when Croll set .the ball;a
going toward left field. The ball was lost
in the grass and Croll went the, rounds for
a. homer. The Score: • - .
Over at Oakland yesterday morning
many funny baseball incidents were on
tap for the rooters. In the first piace,
they played ten innings. Then Sacra-
s mento stole a home run and occasionally
earned the reward of Rood service.
San Francisco 6, Sacramento 5.
MORNING GAUK
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— 'Whalen 1. Two-base hit
—Hanlon. Sacrifice hit— McLaughlin. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 4.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 6,
Sacramento 2. Left on bases — San Francisco 6,
Sacramento 7. Struck out— By Whalen 1, by
Doyle 3. Double play— Krug (unassisted). Time
of game— 1:50. • Umpire— Donohue. Official
scorer— MeFarl in.
Doyle pitched ball that could not be sur
passed as far as the fewness of hits was
concerned, but he gave too many free
passes for the safety of the road. Hanlon
and Hildebrand played star games in their
positions. The score:
BAN FRANCISCO. ~
- AB. R. BH. SB, PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, If 4- 0 10 J...0 0
Schwartz. 2b 2 11 0 2 4 . 0
Kru*. b. s 4 S 0 0 6 1 8
Pabst, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Croll, cf J 0 00 0 00
Nordyke, lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Reilly, 3b 2 0 0 0 12 1
Graham, o 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 8 2 0 24 9 6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. s 4 1110 8 2
McLaughlln, If ...... 2 1.0 08 0 0
Courtney, 2b t 1 10 8 10
Doyle, p 4 110 16 0
McGucken, cf 4 1 10 4 0.0
Hanlcn, lb 4 0 2 0 8 2.0
etanley. c.....' 4 •> 0 0 0 4 00
Sheehan, 3b ...4" 0 1 0 2 10
Stricklett. rr 4 0 .1^0 2 .. 0 0
Totals. 33 5 .8 1 27 12 2
RUNS AN HITS BY INNINGS.-'
San Francisco 0 000020 10—3
Base^hits 0 01000010—2
Sacramento 3 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 •— 5
Basehits 2 0 2 2 2 0 0 0 •— 8
Henry Krug was the bad actor at Re
creation grounds yesterday afternoon,
when the Senators plucked a fourth vic
tory from the home team and made up for
past Indignities heaped upon them. Krug's
throwing and his field work were so rag
ged and wild that the crowd wished he
had gone to Philadelphia. It was clearly
an off day for Krug, who forgot to muci
lage his hands and draw hla wins in from
the skies. •.* /
Secramento went out In the beginning,
the very first Inning, and laid a solid
foundation for victory. A couple of hits
off Whalen and some clean errors gave
the Senators three clangs' of the bell
when the Wasps flew to the diamond dust.
After that there was no need of worry. .
Sacramento 5, San Francisco 3.
In the Southern Oity Lohman
Takes His Team Off
the Field.,
Win Four Games Out of
a Series of v Five
Matches.
SENATORS FIND
HANXMEN EASY
IRELAND WINS
STAKE HONORS
Beats a Strong Field of
Coursers at Union
Park.
Vandal Gets Second Money,
Outpointing Several
Favorites.
Nicaslo beat Lawrence, " John Doe beat
Rural Artist, Risky Attempt beat King
Cotton at 7 to 2; St. Ives beat Silver
Cloud, Risky Attempt beat Flora McDon
ald at 3 to 1; Real Article beat Spiteful,
Lundin Links beat Anchor at 5 to 2; Mot
to beat Honor Bright. Castaway beat Chi
cago Boy at 2 to 1; Homer Boy beat Game
Boy at 5 to 3 and Rector beat War Eagle
at 5 to 4.
The day's results, -with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open Etake, second round— P. J. Rellly's
Plougtiboy beat R. P. Julian's Janice, 6-2;
P. J. Rellly'B The Grafter beat Gold Dust
Kennels' Forpet, 3-2; A. R. Curtis' Rector
beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple. 3-2; P. M. Cur
tis' War Eagle beat Pasha Kennels' Rollick
ing Airs. 3-2; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat Cheetham & Partington's Representative,
5-0; D. J. Healey's Nicasio beat H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence, 3-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat
Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair. 2-0; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bona Fide beat Russell & Allen's First
Foot. 8-3: A.- R. Curtis' King- Cotton beat Chi
aiim Brothers'- Santonin, 2-0; Pasha Kennels'
Risky Attempt beat A. Vanderwhite's Flora
McDonald, S-5; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe
beat Pasha . Kennels'. Rural - Artist, 4-3; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat H. Lynch' s Lilac, ] 4-0; •
Pasha Kennels' -Roberts' Army beat E. M.'
Kelloeg's Modest Girt. 4-0; A. R. Curtis'
Charta beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 8-S:-
F. A. Mr-Comb's Little Sister beat E. Geary's
Bonnie Pasha. 5-0; W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop
heat J. Smith's Master Workman, 3-0; K. A.
JlcComb's Hot Haste beat Yosemite, Kennels'.
Bad Boy, 4-0; E. Geary's Ireland beat G.
Walters' The Chief, 5-0; George Sharman's
Chlcajeo Boy. beat L>. M. Connell's St.-Helen.
."-0: Pa^ha Kennels* Real Article beat Russell
,_& Allen's Spiteful. 5-3; Russell & Allen's Cast
away beat E. Whiteside's Greenback, 4-0; . O.
Zahl's Homer Boy beat Russell & Allen's Rosie
Clair, 3-0; Star Kennels' Game Boy beat'Rus
sell & Allen's Scotland Yet. 3-0: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright,
3-1: F. A. McComb's Firm Fellow beat L,. M.
Conne'.I'e White Hat, 4-2; E. Geary's America
beat Georpe Sharman's Black ' Flush, 4-0;
George Pharman'e St. Ives beat C. p. Peter
wn'f Silver Cloud. 3-0; H. ! A. Deekelmari's
Master Rocket beat P. M. Curtis' Shadow, 3-1;
J. J. Keenan's Lundin Links beat P. M, Cur
tis' Anchor, 3-1.
Third round— Rector beat Plougrhboy, 6-2;
War Eagle beat The Grafter. 6-0; For Glory
beat Xieasto. 5-0; Bona Fide beat Vulcan, 3-0:
Risky Attempt beat King Cotton. 10-7; Vandal
beat John Doe. 3-2; Charta beat Roberts' Army
5-1; Llyle Sister beat Dewdrop, 5-1; Ireland
beat Hot Haste. 3-0; Castaway beat Chicago
•Boy. 3-rt; Homer Boy beat Real Article. S-6:
Game Boy beat Motto. 4-3;- Firm .Fellow beat
America/ 3-0; St. Ives beat Mfster Rocket, 6-2;
Lundin Links a bye.
Fourth round — Rector beat War Eagle, 4-0:
For Glory beat Bona Fide. 3-0: Vandal beat
Ripky Attempt, 6-2: Little Sister beat Charta.
6-0: Ireland beat Castaway. 4-0; Homer Boy
beat Game Boy. 4-0; Firm Fellow beat Lundin
Links. 4-2; St. Ives a bye.
Fifth rouna— Rector beat For Glory, 4-2:
Vandal beat Little Sister. 3-0; Ireland beat
Homer Boy. 4-0; Firm Fellow beat St. Ives,
4-0.
Sixth rcrun<5— Vandal beat Rector, 2-0; Ireland
beat Firm Fellow, 3-2. . :„-.»
Deciding: course— Ireland beat Vandal, 7-4.
St. Ives in the third round took the
course from Master Rocket, who had a
big bunch of the talent's money on him at
6 to 1.
•work of the talent's choice had been
clever Indeed, the game courser having
allowed but one point to be scored against
her in the previous rounds. Three to one
was the price that the wise ones offered
on Sister's chances, and In the heavy bet
ting crowd Vandal found many support
ers. In the course there was nothing for
McComb's traveler to do but to watch
her opponent make his three points and
get the decision without allowing her to
cet a credit mark.
In the next round Vandal repeated the
story to Rector, to the disappointment of
those who figured that sprinter to retire
him and had placed 2 to 1 to strengthen
their argument. This winning- gave Van
dal the right to contest* for first money
and against Ireland. Geary's chaser was
a slight favorite. When the dogs were
slipped Vandal shot ahead for a lead that
gave the backers of his opponent a lone
some feeling, and it looked that Cronin
would take down the big end. In the
work, however, Palo Alto's brother
6howed his worth, offset Vandal's speed
end won out by a score of 7 to 4.
The stake brought out some good work
by the younger coursers. Firm Fellow
ran well throughout and he came within
a point of having the honor of a final to
his credit. In the semi-final against the
stake winner McComb's good one gave
Ireland a hard rub after an undecided and
lost a close go, score 3 to 2. Rector, too,
made the semi-final by good work.
of. Lilac, John Doe and Risky Attempt,
Cronin's dog was booked for a" go with
Little Sister, the etake favorite. The
confidence in him. After having disposed
Eugene Gearj'*s Ireland took first money
in the US-dog open stake yesterday at
Union coursing park, beating T. J. Cro
nin's Vandal In the deciding round.
Vandal's running was a surprise, and
bis backers were well repaid for their
RIFLES CRACK
AT SHELL MOUND
Much interest is now. taken in rifle prac
tice, in view of the coming shooting: fes
tival. Many eld champions have re
turned to the butts. To-day E. H. L-add
and H. R. Brown made their appearance
after an absence of- some years, and
showed that their nerves are still steady.'
Charles Sagehorn • 6S6, R. Langrer ; 1001. I*
Reubold'745. . M. F. Blasse 21S3. W. . P. Blasse
1621, Captain L. C. Babin 623, G. Dahlbender
1433. F. A. Schumpf 1067. F. Relde 892. A. von
Wyl 862, M. Harder- 2037. J. Backmann I486.
G. Tammeyer 1339. Cadf t : R. Meyerhof er ' 1136.
E Woenne 814, I* Thlerbach 1126,- Captain F.
Attinger 134(5, Captain A- Rahwyler • 2144, J.
Staub 6S0. O. Ohrtland 1843.^ F. C. Hagrerup
1922. • E. Ladd 2215. . J. W. Stuhr 1283, H. R.
Brown 380, A.: Gehret 357,. F. E. Mason 520.
T. J. Carroll ' 456, H. Enge'1000. A. Utschis
1854, Cadwt W. Woenne 2040/ Cadet F. Carroll
11D0, ; J. T. Peck 174, G. Rlschrauller 292. : A.
Hampel 664. H. Eckmann 1970. i.f — . -
A. :• von Wyl, A. Gehret, Charles Gut, E.
Lutter. J. Furrer, T. Simmen, J. Bruegger.^O.
Imdorff, J. Backmann. " ¦ x \
In the California Schuetzen Club the
following scores were made:
¦W. Straub 761. B. Jonas 1304, J. Messer
schmidt 1409, H. Enge 1102, A. Utschigr 1281.
J. Staub 723. F. Kommer . 1037. ' F. Attinser 810,
L. Brune 1893, C. Sagehorn 1525, George Tam
meyer 2005. R. Langer 1258, J. Gassner 2004, M.
Schumpf 12S3. .
San Francisco Grutli ' Shooting Section
won in the following order: .
• The scores made In the San Francisco
Turners' Shooting Section . were as fol
lows: -. ; • :,;'; , . . ,
S AN*- RAFAEL. May 19.— There was
lively shooting, over the ranges at
Schuetzen Park to-day. The fine weather
drew a large crowd around the shooting
stands, and some, good scores resulted.
The three clubs participating engaged in
a bullseye shoot. . ..- .
There was a shoot between the two
teams about four months ago in San-Ra
fael, and that time the artillerymen won
by a score of 590 to 581. The match yes
terday makes It a tie on winnings, and a
return match is already being talked of.
Scores at Schuetzen Park.
Battery C, artillery corps— C. Meyer 22, 13,
22; C. Waltham 21, 16. 14; T. F. Carson 19, 22,
20; L. W. Grant 20. 17. 18: W. D. Grant 19 18.
18;-H. J. Musgrave 20, 19, 22; W. F. Unfred
20, 19. 17; T. M. McGllvrey 20. 16, 14; C. Goodell
18, '18; 18; Northrup 19. 17. IS; total, 560.
Company D. Fifth Infantry— A. A. Smith 17,
14. 20; H. Fletcher 18, 20, 19; Butterwprth 21,
20, 19; Vanderbilt 22, 20. 22; T. Kerrigan 22.
.18, .22; G. Williams 20, 18, 22; Iverson 20, 19,
20; .Archer 19, 16, 21; Dawson 22, 2t, • 22: Moul
ton 23, 21, 16; total, 694. •-.-¦.
" There was a team match between ten
men from ' Battery C of the Artillery
Corps, N. G. C, and Company D of the
Fifth Infantry, N. G.C... at. Shell Mound
Park yesterday, which resulted In the de
feat of the artillery team. The scores
were made at 200, 300- and 300 yards, live
shots at each -of the ranges In the order
named. The scores were as follows:
Infantry Beats Artillery.
To-day will be the king or., eagle shoot.
The mark is a great wooden eagle so put
together that a shot planted in the proper
place .will dismember the head, a wing
or leg or cut some portion of the bird
away, and so bring a prize to the shooter.
There are twelve prizes on the bird, and
they are shot at in this order: The crown
on the bird's head, .the apple in one claw,
the scepter in the other, the ring in his
beak, the head, the neck, the right wing,
the left wing, the right leg, the left leg,
the tail and then the .body. ' The "well
placed shot In the body dismembers what
is left of the bird, and the whole thing
comes tumbling down from the pole. To
make sure that the body does not get the
shot intended for some other part of the
bird, and so bring the match to an abrupt
and premature termination, an iron plate
is fixed over the bird's vitals until the tail
has been shot off. Then ¦ it is removed
and-whoever brings the body, down is the
king shot for the following year.. The
marksman who brings down any part of
the bird gets the prize allowed for. that
part, but all are supposed to shoot at the
different parts In their order.-
In the, bullseye shoot each shooter shot
thirty rounds and only his bullseyes were
counted. These will be measured Thurs
day night, when the prizes will be dis
tributed at California Hall, j In the shoot
the red flag-. was for a' three-Inch bullseye,
the blue'for a six-inch and 'the white for
a twelve-inch bullseye. The best scores
were: A. H. Pape," 8 red. 15 blue and 7
white: A. Strecker, 8 red, 15 blue and 6
white; A. Bremer, 8 red, 7 blue and 13
white; D. B. Faktor, 8 red/ 7 blue and 12
white; John. Utchig, 6 red, 11 blue and 10
white; William Glindeman, 4 red, 14 blue
and 9 white; A. B. I>orrell, 5 red, 13 blue
and 10 white.
1 — , — » ¦
The May festival and prize shoot of the
San Francisco Schuctzen Verein 'conv
menced at Shell Mound' Park yesterday
and will continue through to-day, when
the king shoot will be held. '•* ;¦
The shoot yesterday was the ordinary
prize company shoot and the bullseye
shoot. In , the company shoot ' of three
shot-scores the following 1 were the best:
A. Bendel, 72; D. B. Faktor, 67; A. H.
Pape; 67. ;
a Team Contest With
Artillerymen.
Infantrymen Win '¦ Easily in
First Day of the Verein
May Festival and
King Shoot.
Alexander. Winton and Charles B.
Shanks will start at 7:30 o'clock this morn
ing from the Occidental Hotel for New
York In an automobile. Wlnton two years
ago made a trip by automobile Yroxn
Cleveland to New York City, a distance of
707 miles, in forty-seven hours and thirty
four minutes. From San Francisco these
champion chauffeurs will go to Oakland
thence to Sacramento, to Reno, to Ogden.
to Omaha, to Chicago, thence to New
York. They have letters from General
fehafter to. General Miles, who will meet
them In New York.
Shafter to General Miles,
Who Is to Meet Them.
Shanks Will Start
To-Day.
— • . — .
Carry Letters From General
Chauffeurs Winton and
TO NEW YORK
BY AUTOMOBILE
TRAP AND TARGET SHOOTING, COURSING, BASEBALL AND RACING
Olympic Club Event Brings Out a Number of Gun
Experts»»-Otto Feudher a Remarkable Shot.
TRAP SHOOTERS SMASH ROCKS
AND KILL BIRDS AT INGLESIDE
0
5
THE SAN FRA NeiSbo CALL j M ON DAY, *I AY 20, 1901,
6NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND BERKELEY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
¦ byterian Church, but somehow she was
never a prominent figure in society. .
Mrs. Fisher finally determined that she
•would conouer the musical world if not
the 'social. She began to study for the
stage in Chicago and later went to New
York and Boston. She developed, a fine
voice, and' her husband aided her in every
way. About- two years ago Dr. Frank
¦ Fisher -contracted; a cold while in New
York. . It developed into pneumonia and
he died, leaving his wife and one child.
The baby is now with her grandparents
in this city. • : ,„ - '-
After ' the death of her husband Mrs.
Fisher turned her attention to the oper
atic stage. She adopted a modification of
her maiden name for her stage name, and
is now known as Maude Lillian Berri, or
sometimes as Maude Berri Fisher. She
j.- •' - . , •- — *
MAUDE LILLIAN BERRI IS SOON
TO WED ACTOR FRANK MOULAN
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 19.
The Oakland real estate market is show
ing a decided improvement. The sales- are
not all of small properties, many big
transactions having been made of late,
showing that there is confidence among
buyers in the future of Oakland. Real es
tate dealers are beginning to try auction
sales, something that is not done unless
money is easy and buying is brisk. The
Bummer months are generally slow In
realty, but there Is more movement npw
than for many months past, which is a
good indication for the coming fall.
The sale of the De Fremery building on
Washington street, known as the Physi
cians' building, is the largest transfer that
has been made for several years. This
property was owned by James L. de
Fremery, who Is now a resident of New
York City. The name of the purchaser is
not given, but the price, $1400 a front foot,
shows that whoever he may be he has an
excellent opinion of the value of Oakland
business property. '
The most Important move during the
coming week will be the auction sale of
William J. Dingee & Co., at 2 o'clock next
Saturday.
Hutchinson Estate Property
" to Be Sold at Public
/Auction.
Business Location Brings
Very Satisfactory
irnce.
MORE ACTIVITY
IN REAL ESTATE
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
1118 Broadway, May 19.
Thomas F. Garrity. one of the best
known attorneys of Alameda County and
for many years a leader In the Demo
cratic party of this section, died to-day at
5:40 o'clock at Dr. W. H. Maxson's San
itarium, 1051 Market street, after an ill—
nesa of eix months.
Mr. Garrity was in every respect a self
made man, and by his own effort and nat
ural ability attained a high position at
the bar in thin city as a criminal trial
lawyer. He was of splendid presence and
had a clean-cut style, with excellent ora
torical attainments. In his profession he
was respected, and he possessed a charm-
Ing manner that brought to him a wide
circle of friends. Born thirty-six years
ago on a ranch in Contra Costa County,
he grew to manhood there, and In his
early twenties came to Oakland, where
he began the study of law.
The deceased lawyer leaves a wife and
two young daughters. The funeral will be
held Tuesday morning at 8:30 o'clock from
the undertaking parlors at Seventh and
Castro streets, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception.
Thomas P. Garrity Dies
of Acute Blight's
Disease.
Alameda County Loses One
of Its Foremost At
torneys.
BRIGHT LAWYER'S
LIFE IS ENDED
cises of California College . began tKis
evening 1 , when the baccalaureate sermon
was . preached by the Rev. T. S. Young
of San Jose at the First Baptist Church.
The annual reunion will be' held to-mor
row evening at the college. The academy
classes will be graduated on Tuesday
evening, and the college commencement
exercises will be conducted on Wednes
day morning at 11:30 o'clock. : The ad
dress will be delivered ¦ by the Rev. E.
A. Woods. D.D., ¦ of San Francisco. ' - >¦
After the commencement exercises there
will be a dinner at the college.
Graduates Have a Lengthy Pro
gramme in Cel<?nr«Hnn of tho
• End of Studiei.
OAKLAND. May 19.— A ue closing exer-
CLOSIWG WEEK AT - ;
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE
Money Is Already Being Raised and
Fleasanton Promises Its As- ¦
sistance.
LIVERMORE, May 19.— The people of
Livermore are preparing 1 for a Fourth
of July celebration that will Include the
entire Livermore Valley. Last year
Pleasanton had the celebration, and thia
year it falls to the lot of Livermore, and
Pleasanton ¦ will co-operate with the
town at the eastern end of the valley. ¦
A subscription list has been started, and
$400 has already been pledged. Company I
of the Fifth Regiment, N.. G. C, at Liv
ermore, has taken the matter in hand
and ptnbably will- make most of the ar
rangements. There will be a parade, with
two or three companies of the Fifth Reg
iment from surrounding towns, civil so
cieties and special floats and features ar
ranged by the citizens.
In the afternoon a series of races will
be given, and in the evening .there will
be a dance. If. Oakland ha3 no celebra
tion of, its own it will be asked to Join
with Livermore. • ..
LIVES-MORE TO CELEBRATE
THE FOURTH OF JULY
The seminary graduates are Marie Lou
ise Burgess, Blonche M. Dwinell, Beatrice
C. Haslacher. Susan Fallette Hildreth,
Blanche Palmer Jackson, F. Mabel Jesse,
Anna James Kennan, Elizabeth A. Kim
ball, Ethel Edna Miller, Kathryn A. Pink
ham, L. Madge Rice, M. Lettie Richards,
Katherine Elvira Sartori, Beatrice Sells
and Georgie Alice Spiekcr.-
The college graduates are Miss Ottllie
A. Hauser, Miss Caroline E. Hawley, Miss
Bertha Walla *j and Miss Ilene Marian
Wittenmyer.
After the commencement exercises on
Wednesday Miss Hazel Moore Patterson
will lay the cornerstone of Llsaer Hall,
and there will be a tree-planting by mem
bers of the senior class.
7a) "Voice of the Western Winds" (Barnby),
(b) "Lullaby" (Chadwick), choral class; gongs
In old English style (Horatio Parker, (a) "Orn-e
I Loved a Maiden Fair," (b) "Love Is a Sick
ness," ills* Alice Juston; "Andante et Bolero"
(Danbe). Miss Viola Furth; "Rondo. Capric
cioso" (Mendelssohn), Miss Lulu Drumheller;
trio, "Day Is at Last Departing" (Raff), Misses
Bennett. Podge and Reams; (a.) Value, (b)
Romance <Raff), Miss Alice Pston; (a) Adagl.p,
<b) "Allegro MaestoBO," from the Ninth Con
certo (De Bcrlot). Miss Willie Flnley; (a) "Ah,
'Tie a Dream" (Hawley). (b) "Loch Lomond."
harmonised by Arthur Foote, Miss Leila Mc-
Dermott: Valse K major (Moezkowsky), Miss
Hazel Boyd: (a) "Good Morning, Suzanne"
(Delibes). (b) "Lorelei" (Liszt). Miss Willie
Flnley; Rhapsodle llongrolse No. 11 (Llnzt),
Miss Daisy Goodman; "Waken, Waken, Day Is
Dawning" (Mackenzie), choral class.
OAKLAND, May 19.— The commence
ment exercises of Mills College will be
held Wednesday afternon at 2 o'clock.
The commencement address will be de
livered by the Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church. The
baccalaureate sermon was preached this
afternon by the Rev. J. K. McLean, presi
dent of the Pacific Theological Seminary.
The closing concert will take place
Tuesday evening. The programme is as
follows:
COMiyrENCEMENT WEEK
AT MILLS COLLEGE
Departing Students to Lay a Corner
stone and Plant a Memorial
Tree.
IMPOSES RITES
OF THE CHURCH
Archbishop Confirms a
Large Class pf
Children.
Solemn Services Are Held in
St. Francis de Sales
Parish.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I 1118 Broadway, May 19.
With the sacred solemnity of the Roman
Catholic Church ritual, the rite of con
firmation was administered this afternoon
at the Church of St. Francis de Sales by
Archbishop Patrick W. Riordan, assisted'
by the parish clergy and a large repre
sentation of priests from San Francisco.
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
The confirmation class was composed of
150 boys and girls. They marched in prp
cessJon and were assembled at the sanc
tuary, where the services began at 4
o'clock. The Archbishop officiated, his
immediate . assistant being tho Rev.
Thomas McSweeney, the pastor of tho
parish. The Archbishop preached upon
the meaning and significance of the cere
mony and gave special attention to the
duties of parents and guardians of the
children who were now to be formally
registered among the communicants of the
holy church. The Archbishop exhorted
his hearers to be ever faithful to the
teachings of the church, that by example
and precept the children should be guided
aright in the paths of morality and recti
tude.
During the discourse the Archbishop
elaborated upon the purposes of the sac
rarr.ent and the uses of the rite as admin
istered by the Catholic church.
After the confirmation class had re
ceived the sacrament, the benediction was
celebrated by the Archbishop, this service
taking: the place of the usual Sunday
evening vespers.
There v.as a large congregation In at
tendance upon the ceremonies, the audi
torium being- filled to its capacity.
Tho priests who occupied places In the
sanctuary were the following named:
From Fan Francisco— Archbishop Rlordan,
Father Scaiilon of St. Joseph's Church and
F&ther Cummings of St. Patrick's parish.
Oakland — Father McSweeney. Father Cull
and Father Butler of St. Francis de Sales par
ish; Father King, Father Morrison and Father
Nolan of St. Mary's pariEh; Father J. B. Mc-
Xolly. Father Klely and Father John McNally
of St. Patrick's parish.; Father Serda and
Father Praught of Sacred Heart parish.
Alameda— Father O'Connell cf St. Joseph's
parish.
Berkeley— Father O'Riordaa of St. Joseph's
l'arisli.
Golden Gate — Father Heslin of St. Columba's
parish.
Benicia— Father Newell, O. P.
The confirmation class was composed
of the following named boys and girls:
Boys — Kaymond Lawrence Merrick. Thomas
Matthew Healey, Hugh Joseph Cavanaugh,
John Patrick Carey. Lout* Aloysius Angeli,
Charles Joseph Hoenish, Thomas Nathan Lun
ney, Augustine John Regan, .Edward Anthony
I'erry, George Aloysius O'Hare, George James
I'.rady, William Joseph Mott. Joseph Peter
Tevelin, James Lawrence Gllboy. Wilfred Jo
seph Ball. George John Barry, Arthur Chris
topher Fleming, Frank Ambrose Madden. Dan
iel John Foley. Louis Peter Beauchamp.
Thomas William Duffy, George Aloysius Le
veque. Arthur Francis Walsh, Charles Joseph
Hanley, Claude Bartholomew Fallehy, Harold
Aloysius Shaw, Howard Francis Cruz, Chris
topher Lawrence Kehoe, Herbert Thomas Ball.
Kegis Cornelius Starrett, .Samuel Anthony de
la Cuesta. George Santa Rose, Lawrence
James Dowse}-, George Aioysius Davis. Fran
cis Celestlne Crowley; Jeremiah ' Ambrose"
Geary. Frank Aloysius Perry, William Aloy
sius St. Joha. Frank Stanislaus Hunt, Freder
ick Joseph Carlson. Edgar John Morrison,
Frank Alorsius Hanley. Robert Francis Too
hig. Al^honsu» de Marie Mahaney, Marshall
Oement Ball, John Francis Mahaney, William
Anthony Lenar.e. James Aloysius White,
< "harks Walter Tevelin, William Alfred Teve
lin, Martin Edward Feeley. Richard Gervase
Feeley. Henry John Hlntman, Walter Francis
Carter. Edward Charles Griffin, Patrick Jere
rniah O'MaHa, Thomas Francis Bgan, Charles
Aloysius McGulre. James Bernard Carey and
John Charles Ships.
Girls— May Frances Lamping. Lillian Clare
Joyce. Mar}' Elizabeth Mahaney. Jennie Mar
garet Wetjen. Jose Cecilia Perry. Nellie B«r
radette Sullivan, Adeie Frances Higglns, Alice
Ocilia Williams, Emma Loretta May Norman.
Kate Agnes Mllcovieh, Mary Bridget Harriet
MrGrath. Rose Cecilia O'Kane Mary Anna
TNell, Birdio Lucille Madden. Lillian Joseph
IVetJen. Nellie Dolores Gallnda, Alice Cather
ine Spencer, Lillle Ceclle Lamping, Mamie
Pauline Hunt, Mary Carrnelita Dougery. Flor
ence Mary Fenerau, Lillian Gertrude Berrlen,
Tlose Pauline Alves, Teresa Catherine Hager
rr.ann. Genevieve Agnes Lyman. Jennie Jlar-
Leonard. Margarrt E^rnadette Ho^nish,
Hannah Agnes Leonard, Susie Helena Lenane,
Hulda Helen Kelly. Barah Agnes Heavey,
Ir»nc Cecilia Ball. Evelyn Catherine Carvalli,
Naomi Catherine Flcwper, Marie Rose Chan
tflcjp. Nellie Veronica Barry. Florence Hen
rietta Barry. Irene Marie Gallagher. Margaret
Mary Fau'.kenfr, Maria Teresa- Arrlola. Marie
Joseph Fontana. Mary Lucllla Berger. Howard
Catherine Yi" right. Mary Teresa Wright. Mary
Klizabeth Mrrriek. Helen Catherine Lyons,
Emily Airnes Beer*, Floretta Frances Barba
prelata. Sadie Helf-n Eiinrecomb. .Lillian Veroni
ca Pamperini. Lillian Marie Shlpp, Josephine
Frances 'Horrlck. Edith Marie Lyman. Isabelle
Kenna, Grari» Gertrude Lyons. Anna Marie
White. LouiM Barbara Pamoerlne. Helen Ce
ollia Jones. Edna Martha Rutherford. Gene
vieve Dorothy Chisholm, Jo*ephin«» Carmellta.
Sullivan. Hattie Dorothy O'Connell. Diana Al
ma Christie. Harah Celestinr Rutherford. Mar
tha I^ari'l Carrlngton. Genevicve Frances Mur
ray. Terr*a Elizabeth Fexton. Alice Agnes St.
John. Anita Margaret Taylor. Helen Loretta.
Wan-on. Caroline Josenh'ne Carlson. Dearie
<~eeilia Codman. Sarah Mary^Jones. Gladys
Mary Tennc-nt, Alice CclIIa Vfilllams. Jennie
Loretta Fe'-Iy, Helen Cecilia Hogan and Fran
ces Catherine Kogan.
St. Joseph's Academy Exercises.
A
T
m
OAKLAND. May 19.— St. Joseph's?
cademy's closing exercises will be held
hursday- ovenir.g at 7:30 o'clock at Ger
anfa Hall.
But a. second difficulty in our mission work
is the widespread distrust of our methods by
many of the mest active and Intelligent lay
men in the church itself. The "present method
of missionary work is a radical departure from
anything- we know in the primitive church.
We have mission boards with salaried officers.
Innumerable secretaries and treasurers and a
corps of assistants are handsomely paid. They
sit in their comfortable offices and direct the
work in the field. The missionary goes forth
with a good stipend guaranteed, a furlough
every 6even years and a warship back of him
to enforce his claim for possible Injury. These
conditions would seem to be most auspicious
as far as the missionary is concerned, but do
they produce results? I feel constrained to
answer in the negative. The day Is past
when whole nations are won to Christ through
the preaching of the missionary. If you ask
what remedy I suggest, I give It as my per
sonal opinion that we need a reduction of our
missionary machinery and a mild Infusion of
the monastic principle. We need fewer sal
aried officers and a larger number of earnest,
enthusiastic young- men. ' ready to do a sol
dier's work on a soldier's pay— free from all
ties and .willing to carry the Christian church
to the outposts, both at home and abroad.
The Catholic church " la -far ahead ef the
Protestant in this regard. Here ie her chief
strength. She. is able to utilize every force
to greatest advantage. .. Protestantism must
awaken if she is to go in and possess the land.
The greatest difficulty in the progress of
foreign missions is the inconsistency between
Christian teaching and national practice. The
missionary preaches a high standard of Chris
tian ethics, while the so-called Christian na
tions go to the Orient and uphold slavery and
countenance the opium traffic and the sale of
rum and practice just the reverse of what the
missionary has taught. I confess it Is a
tremendous obstacle and shows the immense
Importance of raising the standard of living
at home before we can hope to Impress the
heathen.
Stlil if Mark Twain's articles awaken the
Christian church to a closer study of the meth
ods of our mission work we shall hall him
as a real benefactor. A little wholesome crit
icism will certainly do our board of missions
no harm. But criticism to be of value must
approach the subject In hand with Intelligent
sympathy and a statesmanlike discrimination
of the booQ and of the weak points.
The history of foreign missions is a splendid
record of labors, sacrifices and heroisms. It
has exerted untold influence on the world for
good. The cause had produced 6uch men as
Henry Martyn. Patte6on, French of Lahore
and Harrington, the martyr of Central Africa.
These names in themselves furnish a justifi
cation for the cause they represent.
I *peak to-day on our foreign missions, be
cause it is a subject which of late has come
into prominence. There ha6 been much mis
undemanding, come Ignorance and not a lit
tle confusion, indifference .and antagonism.
The difficulties in China have brought upon
all missionary effort considerable distrust.
Part of this is merited. Part Is the outcome
of prejudice and ignorance. Mark Twaln'b
articles have gained wide hearing. Mark
Twain is a humorist. ! He occasionally says
some good things. But he is not always correct,
and any statement he makes is to be received
with caution.
ALAMEDA, May 13.— The subject of the
Rev. T. J. Lacey's sermon In Christ Epis
copal Church this morning was VThe Pop
ular Objections to Missions Considered."
This was the second of two sermons on
"Missions" delivered by the rector. They
were suggested by Mark Twain's criti
cism of the missions of China, which ap
peared recently in rhe North American
Review. Dr. Lacey spoke as follows:
Christian Nations Do Not
Practice What They
Preach.
So. Says Rev. Dr. Lacey,
Though They Agree
on Missions.
MARK TWAIN NOT
ALWAYS CORRECT
An American ' living at " Dawson ;. City
writes, under date of January 1<5, that in
the preceding two weeks the highest tem
perature was 52 degrees below zero, and
the lowest 75% below. It 'is 'easy to be
lieve his-slatement that "the best we can
do when it is so cold Is to stay Indoors
and keep a good fire." - A person ventur
ing out Is apt to freeze nose, cheek or
chin in a few minutes. At such a temper
ature the breath makes- a noise like es
caping steam. Yet the native dogs ' sleep
out in the snow unharmed.—Globe-Demo
crat. - '. ¦ ¦. • ' , ¦ ¦ ¦
The Cold at Dawson.
Passing of the Yankee Fisherman.
From 1848 to 1855 every hamlet, from
Eostport, Me., to New London. Conn., had
a thriving fishing fleet, j It gave employ
ment to thousands of men.. More than 80
per cent of the skippers and crew3 were
native Americans. Those who attempt to
harbor the delusion that the fisheries of
New England,are»as prosperous as they
¦were fifty years ago are not supported by
the facts. Gloucester Is the only port of
note that yet remains, and the News de
clares that she is neither holding her own
in the number nor the tonnage of her fish
ing craft, but, like all the other once
thriving fishing' towns, is steadily declin
ing.—Boston Globe. ¦-..¦•¦ .."..-¦•
. "When the Rockefeller ore and vessel
interests are absorbed, which, It is said,
will probably be done later, %he iron ore
capacity will be increased about 2,000,000
tons a year and the number of lake ves
sels by fifty-nine, making 125 large ore
carriers In all. ' : ;
"A conservative estimate of the number
of men employed by the company's vari
ous interests puts it at 125,000.
"The capacity of the consolidation's sev
enty-eight blast furnaces Is upward of
6,500,000 tons of pig iron a year, or half
the pip iron output of the United States
in 1900."
When two or three such corporations
as this get together they will be ablo to
command treasuries and armies.— Atlanta.
Constitution. .;•¦'.
That business combinations may even
become greater than ino government it
self is sinown by the figures of the new
steel trust. Thus it Is told that—
"The newly organized United j States
Steel Corporation takes in companies own
ing seventy- eight blast furnaces, 149 steel
works and bIx finishing plants. This in
cludes bar mills, structural steel and plate
mills, tlnplate works, sheet mills and wire
rod and wire nail mills. ' . .
"The annual capacity in finished ma
terial is about 9,000,000 tons.
"The company owns Lake Superior iron
mines which produced last year nearly
11,000,000 tons of ore.
"It has 19,309 coke ovens, 70,830 acres of
coal lands and about 30,000 acres of surface
lands in the coal region. . . .
"Its lake fleet will number sixty-six ves
sels. ¦ ' . . - , ¦ -
Greater Than the Government.
I KNOXVILLE, Tenn. , , May 19.-H. , ; H,
Gouchenhour of : Greenville, a \ prominent
Democratic' politician, is under Indictment
on the charge of using .the mails t, for
fraud. ; It is alleged that he collected from
the postmasters in *he First Congression
al District contributions to: the campaign
fund, promising to rcpay.them. He made
his promise good, it is asserted, by mail
ing at these several postofflcea enough
campaign literature? to .more .than reim
burse the ; postmasters. ; . ' ; ;.
Passes Dangerous Derelicts.
. .; NEW,: YORK, May 19.— Two liners, the
L'Aqultalne" f roni Havre and the Mesaba
fromf London,.. which "came; into 'port:; to
day, reported : they passed dangerous dere
licts,, which if met^with in the night time
would certainly have resulted in disaster."
These wrecks are •-; drifting In the ; ocean
lanes which are now, being daily- traversed
by liners. >.• The. Government' will be asked
to; send out one, of ; the small gunboats' to
hunt<for. and destroy the derelicts. •
Stands Accused of Having Used the
Mails for Fraudulent Pur- > :
poses. ¦
DEMOCRATIC POLITICIAN"
IS UNDER' INDICTMENT
QUINCY. 111., , May 19.'— Mrs. Mamie
Barnes, widow of Dr." Joseph Barnes, who
died -under suspicious circumstances at
the insane asylum at Jacksonville a short
time ago, was arrested yesterday charged
with having had guilty knowledge of her
husband's death. .Mrs. Barnes, who. is a
professional -nurse, professes innocence.
Ferguson, the negro who is supposed to
have administered poison to Dr. Barnes,
was arrested here last Tuesday. .- \ •¦
Taken in Charge by the
Authorities.'.
Widow of Dr. • Joseph - Barnes Is
SUSPECTED OF HAVING .
HAND IN HUSBAND'S DEATH
KANSAS CITY, May 19.— Charles
Church, assistant claim agent of the Met
ropolitan Street Railway Company of this
city, was arrested here to-day at the in
stance of the Kansas City Bar Associa
tion, which has been investigating charges
of alleged- jury bribing. Church will be
held pending an investigation. • .
The bar association has been actively
pushing an investigation of alleged jury
bribing . and perjury , in connection with
damage suits pending in the local courts
against the railway company, and as a re
sult of its work a special Grand Jury
called to consider the matter recently in
dicted Grant Woodward and one Davis.
Kansas City Bar Association Cause3
His Arrest in" Alleged Jury
Bribing Case.
AGENT OF A RAILWAY
TAKEN" INTO CUSTOBY
BERKELEY, May la.— The funeral ser
vices of the late " Cornelius Maloney,
father of Street Superintendent C. D. Ma
loney, were held to-day at noon from
St. Joseph's Church. The interment was
in Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Fran
cisco. • •
Funeral of C. Maloney.
OAKLAND, May 19.— The Rev. Thomas
L. Young of San Jose occupied the pul
pit to-day at the First Baptist Church.
¦ The Rev. W. J. Speers, recently of Los
Angeles, preached to-day at Pilgrim
Congregational Church.
The Kev. Miles B. Fisher, pastor of
the Mill Valley Congregational Church,
occupied the pulpit to-day at the . First
Congregational Church. .
The Rev. A. H." Briggs, D.D., of San
Francisco, preached to-day at the First
Baptist Church.
The Rev. C. L. Smith, D.D.. of San
Francisco, conducted services this even
ing at Ashbury Methodist Church South.
The Rev. Warren H. Landon, D.D., of
San Anselmo, occupied the pulpit to-day
at the Centennial Presbyterian Church.
. Pastors in Oakland Pulpits.
OAKLAND, May 19.-R. S.. Stewart, a
clerk residing at 450 Halght street, San
Francisco, fell and broke his right leg
three inches above the ankle while scuf
fling with friends ar the Hermitage in
Fruitvale. . The fracture was treated at
the Receiving Hospital.
Breaks His Leg.
OAKLAND, May 19.— A benefit to Com
pany F, Fifth Infantry* Regiment, N. G.
C, will be given Wednesday evening at
Dietz's Opera-house by the Gehrlng-Blair
company, whic*h will produce "A Confed
erate Spy." Those who will take part are:
Charles Blair. Louis Bennison, Jack Mc-
Neece, Bert Holmes, Oscar Gehrlng, Mil
ton Hynes, Frank Buckingham, Miss Hat
tie. Hyder, Miss Grace Foster and Mis3
Annie Rudolph.
Benefit for Company F.
BERKELEY, May. 19.— President Wheel
er received word to-day 'through* Director
W. W. Campbell of the' Lick observatory
of the eclipse expedition in Sumatra, sent
out by the University of "California. The
work of the observers was but -partly suc
cessful. Clouds interfered with the*' ob
servations to a certain extent, but a few
good photographs are expected. The de
tails of the work will be cabled Monday.
Both of the university astronomers are in
good health; • I -
University, cf California Party in
Sumatra Has' Bad Weather for
Photography. ..
EXPEDITION IS ONLY
PARTLY SUCCESSFUL
FORMER FRESNO GIRL WHO
MAY SOON MARRY AN 1
ACTOR.
ias made a most pronounced success
hroughout the Kast in the highest class
)f stage work. Her own parents and rel
itives are still in Fresno and those of her
lusband In Oakland.
OAKLAND, May 19.— The Alameda
County Laundry Workers' Union last
night adopted a scale of wages that was
recently, adopted by the Sari Francisco
Union of the same line of workmen. This
scale will be presented to the : Federated
Trades on Friday night for ratification,
and will then be presented to the laundry
proprietors, who wi'l be notified that it
will go into effect on June 1. .
The main feature of the new scale of
wages is the hour clause. It provides for
not more than a ten-hour day, while it is
claimed that some of the laundries of
Oakland have bean working their em
ployes from twelve to sixteen hours. The
scale ranges from $6 to $14 a week for
regular employes and $5 for apprentices.
The average is about $7 50 or $8 a week.
The actual scale of wages is said to be but
little higher than that now prevailing, but
the increase in wages with the decrease in
hours will make an actual increase of 20
or 25 per cent.
The laundy workers have become quite
strongly organized of late. It took a long
time to perfect the organization, but it is
now very solid.
of Wages Ruling in San
Francisco.
LAUNDRY. WORKERS WANT
MORE PAY, LESS HOURS
Oakland Union Adopts the Schedule
OAKLAND, May 19.— Th« announce
ment comes from New York that
Mrs. Frank "W, Fisher, widow of
the late Dr. Frank "W. Fisher of
this . city! who is known on the ¦
stage as Maude Lillian Berri, is soon "to ¦
marry Frank Moulan of the Castle Square i
Opera Company. Mr. Moulan>is suing hjs •
wife for a divorce, and it is reported that
as scon as ; he secures a decree he will I
marry Mrs. .Fisher. Both .have attained j
prominence in the theatrical profession, j
but the announcement is especially inter- [
. It was about half a dozen years ago that
Dr. Frank W. Fisher married Maude Lil
lian Berry of Fresno. Or. Fisher was the
son of G. W. Fisher, manager of the
Puget Sound Lumber Company. He was
a dentist by profession, and a favorite in
social and club circles. Miss Berry's fam
ily had once been very, wealthy, but mis
fortune had swept away its fortune. Miss
Berry possessed a magnificent figure, a
wonderful head of blond hair and an ex
cellent voice. She sangr in the First Pres-
estlng to California, where Mrs. Fisher
and her. deceased husband were so well
known. r
¦ .-,'¦¦-.. . ¦ ¦ ' -, V ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, f MAY 20, 1901;
7
EAHWAY TBAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORBI& NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
: . : ... LESSEE .. - ¦ .'. fi •' ' ¦
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Footof Market St
f San Francisco ta San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, U:C0 a. m.; 12:35,*
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
und 11:30 p. ' m. • ...
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. • •' • "
fean Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
: 8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:53
: . and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:06, S:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
, Leave i I In Kftect I Arrive
San Franclaco. | April S3. 1901. | San Francisco. '
- Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
:6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland [10:40 amllO:25 am
' 3:80 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pfr
7-30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm . ;. . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami J 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pn:i| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm] 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West?
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
for Altrurla;at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyeervllle for SkagKS Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers;' « Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs,' Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lak»,' Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day », Riverside, Lierley's Bucknells,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. -West-
port, Usal, • Wlllits, . Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris,. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. •> ¦ >¦ ¦¦ ¦,-<¦¦
¦ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at, re-
duced rates. : ¦ •¦ >', ;
. On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flee — 6E0 Market street. Chronicle .
Building.
H. G WHITING, ;-V R. «. RYAN,
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
- Train* l«a»v«> >»ti«l nr« •!••«• to nrrl»» >•*
WAN ritAN<:iM«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tBAVB — Fruu Mat 5.TJ01. — arrits
7:3Oa Beiilcla, Suisun, Klmirm. VumTlile,
Romsuy and Hacrauioiito 7>n9p
7:30* DiiU, WootUkud. KnighU L»idlng,
MarjsTllle, OrotllU 7>S3p
7t30* Atlautlc: Kipre»— UgJeu »ud hiuit I9:*3r
TUUi Port • oat>, M<rti-cz, Kmto, U»u-
ford, Vis»!l». l'ortcr-l.le... 1:33*
8:OI>a Martlnes, Sau Itainuu, ViUleJo, Kspa,
C'»li.<ti i^aaii.l.-J*ut* ItoM <l:23p
8:00a Nileu, Ple».ijn:un, Lireruiorr, 8tcck«
ton, Fresao, Uanford. Vl*kll«,
:!•'¦ . PorterTiilo 7i33»
8:30a ShuU Kzpn-u— Ua»U. Will* m» (fur
BkrtletC Springs), Will. •*%. KoU
UlulT, Fortlami 7>39r
• iSIt* San Jose, Llvermorr, Htucktuu,
lone. SacraniKiitii. Pl» ti ille,
M.iry»flll«. Clilco. l(>illl .If 4i£3r
¦t3O* OskiUlr, CbineM (Yoaooiite). Bo-
nora. Carters 4i2.1f
»:«<>» II*yw*r<!9, Nilm i ud W .y Slatiout. I 1133a
OiUUa Los Angeles Express — MartliKn,
Tracy, Lath" p. >S > * tou, MeiocU
Fresno a mi Loa .Uisules 7:3(5*
' »::iO* V»l|. )-.. I\T»rliuj/. .»n<l War Station* SiMp
ltt:tt»A Tho Uieilaua . J ultod— Ogdeu. Den-
ver, Oiuaba. Chicago. StltSr
fliOllpHacriiiiiKtito lllfur.SitKinnrK |3:0<»«
S:3Up Hnywiiriln, NUn aud Way SUtloni. 7:33f
4iWOr lieuicia. Winters, Hucruiiimito,
W<ni<llan<l,> KnikliU LauJInz.
Muryntillf. Orotillo IO:.19a,
4;«Or Martliiar.. Han Uaiuoii, Vallejo.
Nh[w». « !alI»tOK». Hnntii Item »¦».>*
4x00p Nilec, I-irermore, Stockton. LoiH... I » 3.1a
4::n»r Ilayvards. Wiles SniJime, Linrmoro t^^AA
3:001- Tho Owl Limited-Tracy, Stockton,
Fresuo. lUkeraQelJ, Maugiia tux
Santn. liitl.arv Lob Aufrelen S:33*
JsOOp New Orleans Eiprexa— B»k*rarte"d.
. Los Angele*, V icing, El faso.
New Oxle*aa and East.... 7:33*.
5:0»pTosemito....... 7:53a
Wtour Maynardn, JJiies ami . San Jot»...... 7.3»A
¦ t«iO»i>.VulIej» 11:534
tiiOur Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Oinalia, Chlcigu ia:2TF
fl:OOp Oriontal Mail-OgdeD, Den?er,
Omaha, Chioaito. 4:»3p
7x00r Otcgun and California Kxi>reai,Hao- .'¦»"*':»
ritineiitit. Marysfllle. ICsiMIiik.
I'ortlmul. Tngat Nuuml »ml Kul 9:-"»."»A
SiH.ip Saa Pib'.o, Pi>rt <-'oati», Martiaes ¦
and Way Mtatioiu.. IliSA*
|gtO3p Vallt-j....... 7^>f
COAST LINE <Sarro«f U.nRe). |
(Foot o( Market Street.)
- $7 14.1a Santa Cmz Excnrs'on to .4aate Cm*
and Pr.nc p*l Way Stati ;ns {S:O3»
S:15 a Neirark,Oeiiti!r»l!lB,8aii.losi},Kfltoii, " .JWfel
UoiiMer Cf ¦¦elt.Hun ta Orm and Way
Station*....' 5!*am>
t3il.tr Newark Center tIIIo. San Joae. New
Alma.lou, Fulton, llonlder Creek,
SauU Cms and Principal Way
» 8tatiou«. fl«i»»4
4tl3r Newark. San Jm«. Los G*tos.....{ jiSla^i
" CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rria 511 rRMOISCO— Tut •( Ktrkit Strut (Sli? 3)—
¦ 7:15 •>- 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:00 6:I5r.«.
iTIBOilUlJ— f«l »l Brwiwij.— 1«:00 tS;OO t3.Oi
10:00».M. 13:00 . a;Q3 t:Q3r.M. '
COAST LIXE < Broail Usage).
(Third nnd Townsend Sts.)
' 6:10a Baa Jose and Way nutiom.. ....... «!»•?
f7:«OA Han .lnao»n.l Way St.ai.ms... l:S«r
J7i JOa Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
¦ri Hutu Cruz. P.ciBo Grore asd
Principal Way SUtions JS»3»»
Mtitltii Joae. Tres Tino*. HiuiU Criix.
. I'aeiiic UroTe, .-utims Ban Lais
Obi3po ami PrindpaJ liitermediuM
MUM..H8. *l\»r
1O>3Oa San Jcae and Way SUtlona- 7:3«f
/IOiSoa New Almadeti. / 3:3»»
I I:»Oa Man Joae anil Way .Stations 3i30r
t*t!5p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park, . .
Palo Alto. fianU Clara, Ban .Ions,
Trea Pinoa. 8anU <}««*. Saliuaa, ¦ ¦
T Monterey am) 1'aelfle titan Jl««4»*
¦tS*r Han .Jose and Way Station* «:30A
t4lI5r San Joaeamt Principal Way Stations IH43*
|3:00p San Jose, Los Gates aud Priudpal
Way Stations.... .: ..' J9:00t
Si:tnpSim.] ( Hieamt Principal Way Stations 9:33*
OiOOp Rclwod. Han Joso. Gilw-T SaUnas.
' '¦ " Sa-it» B«rh*r», Lew Ang-les IOsSJSa
- «:OOr Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific drove,
Loapoo ;•- ?2'J?*
«:30pSanJuseand WaySUtions.. t«'«J»*
all:45r San Jo»b »n.l Way Stuti.ma 7»S0»
• A for Moniini. ' P tot Afternoon.
« t Riinday eicepted. t "nnday only,
a Satuiday on!?. / Tuetdan snd Frjdaj*
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
. : Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
. * ' •' Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
, . Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Fun Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
>Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•'.'Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1.15a ........
"Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ;.'.
"Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........ ;
.'-" 'Vlsaliar .J'4:10p 4:10 p 4:45 a ,
'".Tulare .~i 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a ,
'¦:.:• Bksfleld'.-. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
" Kan City. ...:.... 2:41a 7:30 a .....;..,
¦'"¦Chicago -. ...•.':¦.: 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
' a (or morning. -:p for afternoon. '
9:00 a. m.~ traln'is the CalUornla Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dininjr '
Cars through- to Chicago. . Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for, accommodation of local
flr«t-class > passengers. >•: No ¦ second-class
-tickets ara honored on this train. „ Corre-
epondlr.g . train arrives at 6:5S p. • m.- dally.'"
¦4:20 p.m. is Stockton Local. -Correspond-'
'¦ ln«r train arrives at 11:05 a. m: dally. ¦ J
'.:¦' 8 :00 p. m. is , the : Overland Express, with'
through | Palac« and ' Tourist . Sleepers and
free - Reclining ¦¦ Chair .-•¦; Car. : also ¦ Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. ; Corre-
sponding train arrives at. 5:55 p. rn." dally. 1
7:20 a. m.; Is 1 Bakersfleld Local. .. stooping
. 'at all points. In. San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding, train' arrives at S:40 a. ; m. " dally.
Offices— «41 ¦ Market ' streer and - In ' Ferry.
:Der>f>t. ¦- San ' Francisco; Ills • Broadway,
'•-• • - ¦- ., . ,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSiY ST. Established
lu'1854 for the treatment of I'rlvnte,
Diseases. I,<M ManUood. Debility or
rtlsensp wearingnn body and mind and
Skin"I>isensos. The Doctor cures when
others /all. Try him. 1'hargeJi low.
fiiro» jruarunlcod. Cull or writa
Dr. JT. F. «IBBO>. aan Francisco, CoL . _
Ti—i—n nwnrM-rrn¥Tin» I
Ju^^^ ¦ - . 'I
a lust a little belter , s
I than anjr other train |
U —a little better service— ' H
a a more homelike u
1 CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
§j - than you find elsewhere, |
H and It runs like this I
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
@ 9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun t
I ARRIVES CHICAGO ° 1
g 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed I
| ¦ 75 HOURS, TO CHICAGO |
I ON THE"' , I
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April IS/ 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
: AND SAN RAFAEL. • I
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:50, »9:30. 11:03 a. m..
12:45. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays,. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00/ 8:00. *9:00, »10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45, *l:30. 2:30, «3: 45. 5:00. 6:00,7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. rn. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. - ¦ ¦
Trains marked (•) • run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:2o. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a. m., *12:25. 1:15. 2:20.. *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p.- m.
EXTRA TRIPS • on 1 Mondays. Wednesdays
and • Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 6:15. »8:00. 9:45. *ll:00 a. m., *12
m., 1:00._ 2:15, *3:30.- 4:30, *5:45. 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. -' •
Trains marked (*) start from , San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45, '7:55. 8:53, 10:30
a. m.. 12i35.* 1:45.' 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS " on _ Mondays, Wednesdays .
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15,
1:20. 2:30. 3 :4S. 5:00. 6:15. '7:15. 10:30 p. m..
THROUGH TRAINS. .
6:55 a.m. week days— CazaJero and way sta-
tions. •¦¦ - •• MBlfHt**i&KitzSiHj*+ei
?:15 p. m. . Saturdays^—Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' '.
5:15 pm.'week days (Saturdays ezcepted) —
Tomalesand way stations.- ¦ •
-8 a.- m; Sundays — Cazadero and way station?.
' 10:00 a:, m. . Sundays — Point Reyes and 'way
stations. • ' - .;¦ " - : : - •'. ' . . , . ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' '' VU S»asi!iu> Ferrj— Foot of Market St.
LCUVCItH rit«N. tmiVC UN fMR,
?^£ "i:..* WEEK DAYS.;/.. J fS;-*"
8:00 a. M.V - f 12:15 P.M.
; .' 9.-00 A. M. j : 1:15 p. M. '
10*0 A. M. I SUNDAYS J 8:30 '¦ M -
1130 a;m. f — — • 5UNDAYS — — V 4aO p. st
1.-30P.M. I 5^0?. M.
'230P.M.J - V ; .17J0P.M.
-. ¦ tmn. Smm FranefK* to Summit «nd Return. $1.4*
¦ Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. SSausalUo Ferry.
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE CAUSED IT.
A Simple "Way to Locate the Cause
of Disease.
I was troubled for years with my stom-
ach, and took all sorts of remedies, with-
out being able to get well. I did not know
all this time what was the cause of the
trouble, tut since I quit drinking coffee I
found out that was the enemy that cost
me so many days and nights of suffering.
Within an hour after breakfast where
I would drink a cup of coffee, I would spit
up the meal, and If I drank coffee for sup-
prr I would go to bed and my nerves
1 witched and jerked so bady that I was
wfraid to He down.
Sometimes my stomach would flutter
terribly.
r was afraid I would have paralysis, and
I firmly believe I would If I had kept on
u.sine coffee.
I believe so much coffee drinking is the
•whole cause of so many dying with paral-
ysis and heart trouble.
All I can say is all this nervousness and
stomach trouble has left me since I have
been using Postum' Food Coffee according
to directions on the package, and* I know
of quite a number that have been helped
by Postum.
If people would use Postum Cereal Food
Coffee, they would save hundreds of dol-
lars in dectors' bills, and children would
be stronger and brighter If their parents
would use It instead of coffee. Of course,
it has to be made right, but that is easy.
Just let it boil fifteen or 'twenty minutes
after It really starts to boiling, and you
have a splendid drink.— Mrs. Annie Van
Buskirk, 2632 Santa Fe avenue. Ft. Madl-
eon, la. • ? ;- •
1 In a. Tourist
Burlington tourist sleep- ¦ =-a^^\ \\\ \ Vk
Iingrcars are right up-to- q^jT^^_^\
i ' "date— wide vestibules, =^^^^^^^~~Tp ::::^^^~^
Pintsch gas, marble wash- I^'^L^^ . l[p*^^^
*~ basins, double windows— £3 mflftw.'^^DtTi ~t^^^
They leave San Francisco Tues- BliM^f/ """^^Cj^W* .•-'SSr.
,' days and Thursdays— Omaha, Chi- mMW^I J^r^fJv^'rZS
Upi^MJ W. D. SAXBORN*. "®THE SAIs T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 20, 1901.
8
FIRXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS -furnished in "oak, $18 50, with No. ; 7
" range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market"
ASSORTMENT of furniture, carpets. " and
•fitoves; give us a trial. .1114 Mission gt
/KELP. WASTED— FEMALE.' ;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
~ Two /first-class Waitresses, springs, free fare
.;...: $20
Waitress, .resort, see party here ....$20
Waitresses. Salinas, Lathrop, . Colusa, Wil-
liams .¦.........;.'................... ..$20, $25
Waitress, ¦ institution, short distance. ..$2o
" Waitreus. plain place $20
10 waitresses, ¦, city " $20
Chambermaids to wait, city and country .'.$20
Resort cooks ;.... ..$30, $35
Man and wife, German, as day clerk and
.¦ cham bermald .¦ $50
Lunch and dinner waitresses ......$75 and $50
- FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cooks, houseglrls, second . girls, nurseglrls,
city and country, $10, $23,' $30. .>'¦..'
C. P.. HANSEN & CO.... ....104 Geary st.
A JAPANESE cook for a summer resort* $35
•and fare paid.' \ .
CR. HANSEN & CO 104'Geary at.
NKAT young lady cashier for store, ,$8 week.
.MRS. -M.. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary Bt
MRS. M. E: DAY & CO...... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦ B waitresses, flret-ciass: resort*, $20; 15 walt-
" resses, city end country hotels, $20 and $25;
6 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$17 50 and $18. ' - ... - ••¦
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook,- small American family, $30, country,
¦fare paid; houseglrl, 4 In' family, no wash-
ing, jr., se« lady here: houseglrl for ranch,
$20, fare paid*' choice place: many first-clap*
city and country placei. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary it *_-
WANTED^Glri for henutltchtn* machln«;
aluo apprentice for factory- MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market it. . ' ., .
GIRL to do housework and aiflit cooking:
¦mall flat: wage* $15; references wanted. 102!
Lnguna it., near Turk. ,.:"•¦ :
WANTED— An elderiyTady to core for an In-
valid baby; reasonable wares and guod
home. Call at C86 Geary gt. .' •
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3 in
' family; small wanning; wagea, $20. Call 4 to
6. 1603 Cough it. * '
GIRL- take care baby, sleep home; no Sunday
work. 1682V& Mission st. ¦
TWO good lunch waitresses wanted. 9 Drumm
¦ street. *
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
waehing; $25. 1 Scott St., after 9 a. m.
EXPERIENCED waitresses: permanent posl-
tlons; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason st.
GIRL or middle-aged lady for light housework;
wages $10 to $12. 1045 Mission st. I
EXPERIKNCED dinner cook, woman; good
wages and closed Sundays. 600 Fourth st
GOOD operator on ladles' and children's wear.
2i'4 Eighth st. ¦ .- ¦
WANTED— Finishers on cloaks; high wages.
HATNER, 131 Post st . -
NURSEGIRL wanted _at C20 Turk at
WANTED— Girl for ll~ht second work and eew-
ing. 1815 Laguna st. ; . - »
WANTED— Girl for plain cooking and general
housework. Apply after 9 a. m. at 2211 Sutter.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
must sleep home. 1053 Market st. upstairs.
WAITRESSES wanted at 315 Bush st, near
Montgomery. . .
WANTED — Respectable youns girl for house-
¦ work. 2030 Mission st V ¦
NON-UNION lunch waitress wanted. People's
Restaurant, 631 Clay st. ¦ . '- "
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. 9
Glen Park ave,, off Twelfth St., near Mission.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. Ii21%
. Hayes st. ¦>
A STRONG girl for rooming house. 417 Mason.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework.
Apply S3 Sliver st/ ¦ ',' ' , . .
A GIRL or woman of middle age, the latter
preferred, for general housework In country;
family of 2. sometimes 3; quiet home: wages
$10 a month; must be Prctestant or of no re-
ligious affiliation. Address P. O. box 62,
Centerville, Alameda County, Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & M1CHELS, . 531
Mtfalon st
NEAT, willing young girl to assist with, the
care of two children; good home. [ Call at 900
Devlsadero St., corner McAllister.
APPRENTICES and experienced glovemakers;
• steady employment" B; BLUMENTHAL &
CO., 25 Battery st.
WANTED — Intelligent girl, good home; family
of 2; wages $12. 5313 California, near Twen-
ty-second ave. '
GIRL for chamber work, waiting, plain Iron-
ing, mending, wash front steps; wages $20.
1301 Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists; also
apprentices for finishing. S, F. MFG. CO.,
409A Turk et. - '•' ¦¦ . '
GIRL for general housework: I upper flat;
family of three. Apply 2030 Pierce . St.. near
California.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady for 'aces
and trimmings department L. M. & CO.,
box 2157. Call offlce.
"WANTED — Operators and button-hole makers
. and finishers. 609 Kearny st., room 2.
WANTED— By prominent , business house,
bright, sensible woman, over 28, to travel; $50
and advancement. Box 3122, Call offlce.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS, £97 Mission st, cor-
ner Second. . \
WANTED — Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market St. .- - ¦
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall fnctory, 32'^ Fremont st Apply to
MR. DAVIS. £_
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2 wks.;
entire course $5: positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start Hairdressing College, 574 Geary.
DRY thread operators on men's shoes. D. R.
WENT WORTH, West Berkeley.
"WANTED — Girl to assist In general housework.
1125 Chestnut Et. Oakland.
EXTRA good pay for experienced hands on silk
waists. J. STEINHART. 230 Sutter st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at' 1096
' Valencia St.
HELP AVANTED— MALE.
AT~alTHAissEiN~circb7^
• «..." ..Wanted for^new R. R. work
: 100 teamsters.- Bakersfleld... ....$2 00
100 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah... $2 00
.100 tunnelmen, Chatswortn Park.... $2 00, $2 50
60 ¦ outside laborers for tunnel....... "..;.. $1 75
100 laborers for ballasting track.. ........$1 75
Ship daily .. Free fare
; MECHANICS
Chief engineer and electrician, who can run
an alternating. plant, $75 and found, see boss
here;, carriage painter," $50 and found; 10
blacksmiths, $40, $50 and found: 5 blacksmith's
helpers, $1 50 and found; . carpenters, $3 50;
. blacksmith for railroad came, $50
.rr.. ..;...... MISCELLANEOUS .'..;.
10. farmers,: $35 and found ;< 20 milkers, $30 and
found; chcreman. to milk, summer resort, $24;
.. 10 men to pile lumber and work around a saw-
' mill, country. $30, $26 and found.... ..'.:.....'.'.'
• ....HOTEL DEPARTMENT ............
¦ Hotel manager, single man preferred, small
country hotel, see party here, $40; middle-aged
head waiter, resort, $40...... ......."......
Head cook, . summer resort ¦...:......vr....$100
- Head cook, mountain resort (moat, pastry). $80
First and second cook, country ho tel... .$60, $40
- Bread : and cake ¦ baker, country hotel.. $60
B Baker,* restaurant:.. ....;. ..$60
French broiler ...............$70
3 head cooks, city....... ...$80, '$90. $100
Short order cooks..: ........$15 and $16 wk
Potwashers and dishwashers .....$26, $40
Washer, who can starch and run boiler, steam
laundry, : $40 and .found 1 . .."":. ."....................
Walters, bellboys, porters, r city and country
.-.hotels ..."...:..' .^ ¦ ; Cv. ."
: C.R.. HANSEN. & COT...... ....104. Geary st
A PORTER and • an errand ' boy for a retail
¦ store; $8 wk and $4'a wk;....
C.R. HANSEN &• CO... ....... ...104 Geary st.
A" MAN and,.wlfe for dairy work; city; $55; see
party here.' ¦¦¦¦¦-:
: •¦•¦¦. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
10 MEN to make roads 'in the woods. $30 and fd
'A. man to peel bark...... ....$35 and found
.Teamster-......"../.. ..........$30 and found
10 men to pile lumber and work around mill..
'............:.... ?30 and board
; CR. HANSEN & CO....... .-....".104 , Geary st.
COOK and wife, waitress,~for resort, $60; "cook
'-and wife for institution, $60; restaurant cooks,
,-"$12;andi$16,'week;: 2 •' bakers, f country shops,
$40 and $50 and board; fourth hand 'baker on
bread. .$8; week: boy to "learn baker's, trade;
: ". waiters,' •• dishwashers sand <• others. " .-J. P\
; \ CROSETT & CO., s 62S Sacramento st. "" •'. ; : - ¦ ;
2 i GROOMS, ¦ private, 1 , stables.v $30 ' and $35 and
' found, : references i required : gardener, $30 and
• found; man' about -place,' $30 and found; sta-
bleman/ country, . $30 and found; .man. to .work
¦' in : nursery," $25 • and • found : choreman : for, ln-
'_ stitutlon. , $25 ' to . $30 and found ; 3 choremen,":
-¦ $10, ; $15 and $20 and found; 6 farmers; $30 "and
¦• $1 25 ¦ and i '¦ $1 CO/.- day; 6 ; milkers," $30 'and
' . found ; ¦ find • many " others." J. - F. -. CROSETT.
... &, CO..". 623 : Sacramento. st. . " . " >
A— HOTEL GAZETTE." 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Becond ccok,_ hotel, $50; dishwasher,' $25.
help wATgT^n-^y^y^^^. —
A-MURRAT &¦ READY..;.... Phone Main^S
. ...Leading Employment and Labor A *^™V ;
• S795V men ' 'wanted' 6 ? or different P 08 " 10 "* {?
all parts of California. Oregon.' Washington,
Nevada and Arizona V.?e"iV*sirs
....... ..wages from $25 to *i«»
"oVflce'operTat .7 a, m. M ° n £* y yy,; Rf. ;
RAILROAD WORK rARL
/•'.• Ship to-day-Of flee fee $1 . • • • • • • •• • •
25 laborers for section, steel, rock ana °*J'
lastlng; gang for S. V. R^ R- , Co. s o wn
work on the Santa Barbara and Los Ange-
les divisions V... • ••' '•" '.'"'
........................wages $175 to $22-> «**£
20 laborers and tunnelmen. Chats worth f*'"
tunnel, wages $1 75 to $2 50 per day; 10 la-
borers and teamsters for Ukiah.
Free fare.. Free fare
MINES TO THE MINES
' BIG WAGES ••••
25 laborers to work for a large mining co.,
no experience . necessary, anybody will suit
..TT wage »43 to $51 and found
6 laborers for a gold mine, fare $2 30.. ~.. $6?
. 4 Muckers, gold mine, Nevada Co ?'»
3 Italian. Swedish or Germans for a good
mine North $51 and found
0 machine miners, Nevada Co..." •? 9 "
3 Burlelgh drillers S» day
•I single-hand miners, $75; 6 miners $«»
10 laborers for a good nilne.....$3> and found
15 laborers for another mine. ...J34 and found
MECHANICAL HELP ••••
Carriage painter, country shop $3 day
Millwright, small sawmill. $50 and found: i
curpenter»; blacksmith, country shop, $3 day;
3 ranch blacksmiths, $40 and $15 and tound;
4 blacksmith helpers for ranch. $30 and $40
and found; 2 helpers, blacksmith, city and
country shops, $52; woodturner who can run
band saw mid shaper, $> day
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
10 teamsters, city and country, $1 75 and $32 CO
and found: 3 teamsters, Oakland. $26 and
found; 15 laborers, city, board home. %\ <5
duy; ( laborers, city factory, $1 75 day; 15
laborers, city, $26 and found; 79 laborers, dif-
ferent ¦awmllla, fare paid, $26 to $45 and
found: 125 men to work In mine* and quar-
ries, $26 to $3S and found, city and country.
FARMS. ...FRUIT ORCHARDS.. ..DAIRIES
127 men to run mowing machine*, rank*, hay-
bucks to work in hay and harvest fields....
wiucs $1 ?.", to $45 and found
64 ranch teamsters £M to S33 and fcund
. 2.* fnrmera for vlneyardj and orchards; .11
farmer*, different ra:iche», ateady Jobs, good
. wages; 17 choremen and boys, $15, $20 and 3"
fiinl found; 61 milker*, different dairies, $23
to $40 and found; 3 butter maker*; cheese
'maker: dairyman, private dairy, $30 and fd:
man to t*ke care of cilMe, $20 and found;
fruit pickers; haymakers: harvest hands....
MISCELLANEOUS
Man for woods, splice lines. .$10 and found;
milk wagrn driver; delivery wagon driver;
tailors; stenographer and bookkeeper; li
stablemen, hoMlers, buggy washers, private
anil livery; man and wife, easy Job, near
City $37 £0 and found
....Call and set on* of our printed Hits....
COOKS— WAITERS— KITCHEN HANDS
BUTCHERS and SAKERS. etc.
Butcher, Slaughterer, ranch $30 and found;
butcher, shop. ?30 and found; butcher's help-
er, ranch, $25 and found: baker, north, $40
nnd found: baker, south, $50 and found; cake
baker, $17 60 week; bakers" helpers; laundry-
man, hand laundry. $30 and found: 30 walt-
tcrs. city and country hotels and restau-
rants, $25 to $40 and found; 29 kitchen hands
ani dishwashers; 47 cooks, city and country
hotels and restaurants, $35 to .$30 and found;
ranch cooks, $25. $30 and $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st, phone Bush 405. .-'.'• ¦
CO railroad laborers $1 75 to $2 25 per day
\Free fare Free fare Free fare
SO laborers for rock crusher $2 per day
10 men for stone quarry $2 per day
80 laborers, city and country.. $1 85 to $3 day
: 10 mill or woodsmen, free fare, ship to-day
10 lumber pliers.. $35 to $43 month and board
6 men. to make pickets $6 per
6 men to make redwood ties lie
6 men to 'cut pine vood. 4 ft..*l 25 per cord
13 haymakers. ...$1 25 to $2 per day and board
3 miners, quartz $3 per day
PANTRYMAN, country hotel. $25: 2 bellboys,
city, $10: choreman for ranch, $25. see party
here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary »t.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
. married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habltc. who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ,
WANTED- Recruits for the marin« corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read, and speak Eng-llshi For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis ' st, San Francisco.- • '
WANTED — Young man - with good education
for general work: state age. previous experi-
ence, references ; and I salary exuected. ,' Box
' 31C0, Call office, v
WANTED— Boy 15 to 18 years: light work;
neatly dressed. Apply Hotel Baltimore, Van
» Ness ave.
FOREMAN bread bakers, bread bakers, help-
" ers, confectioners: good pay; no fee. 127 Ma-
son st. ¦ '
BOY, $8 per month and board, sleep home;
hours 8 a.*m. to 6 p. m. week days. GOOD-
BAN, 1117 Van Ness ave.; call morning.
BA"RBER shop wanted in northern part of
State running 2 chairs. .. A. HOEPTNER. 610
. Post st ' '¦'-' ;
FIRST-CLASS pants presser. Metropolitan
Tailoring Co.. 947 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coat operator. Apply Metro-
polltan Tailoring Co., 947 Market Bt.
WANTED— Good pants presser, 10CO Harrison
St., corner Sixth.
WANTED— Barber\ at 1C5 Tenth at
BARBER wanted. 218 Montgomery ave.
GOOD barber wanted; short hours. 604 Battery
-¦ et. near Washington. -. ,
DISHWASHER wanted. 528 Folsom st
FEW arood solicitors to handle new line of
goods. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth at.
LADIES' and gentlemen's tailor, Vallejo, P.
.^Glixman. Apply Detmer Woolen Co.. bet 12-L
WANTED— Boy from. 9 to 11 years of age,
knowing streets. Box 4111. Call offlce.
"WANTED — Competent bookkeeper with experi-
ence; good salary. Box 3161, Call offlce.
WANTED— Bootblack at 143 Larkln st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 17 Washington st
LUNCH waiter, 10:30 to 1:30 pi m! Union
Lunch House, 115 Drumm st. >:.'.
WANTED— Second and third cook and dish-
washer at the Golden West Hotel. 78-S6 Ellis.'
WANTED— First-class bootblack at Safe De-
posit Barber Shop, 324 Montgomery st
WANTED— Young butcher. I 1639 Ellis St., cor-
; ner Stelner. - : ~- *.-.'•
BOOTBLACK wanted. 626 Market st.
WANTED— Good sober night cook at 304 Ma-
son st. . * ' "
WANTED— An experienced ¦ day cook at . 304
1 Mason st. , ,
FOREMAN on . bread and foreman on cake.
612 Kearny st
BEDMAKER wanted. Call at Reno House,
, 631 Sacramento st. , •
STEADY ! man with J150 cash can make $80 a
month. Apply at 2C9 Kearny st. room 1.
GOOD bootblack: good wages. 947 Fillmore st,
.--corner McAllister^ >~
WANTED— Dishwasher at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st
PAINTER wanted at 347 Fourth st; call early.
DISHWASHER, good wages. 1387 '.Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED mllk-drlver. Call at 1408 De-
vlsadero st ". ¦. ¦ . " . .
BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call
* 435 Jessie st - Hi
WANTED— Partner: a reliable . young man
with several hundred dollars ¦ to start a
branch store of a well established business
principally . tea, coffee, crockery, glassware'
¦ Address box 4105. Call office. 6"»aware.
DETECTIVES— We want a responsible man In
._ every city and town to do secret service work-
$4 a day and expenses for actual service- ref-
erence required: postage for reply. Infrna-
tional Detective Agency, Milwaukee. Wis.
.WANTED— Amateur clarionet flute. - piano
players 'for orchestra, PROF. MARKIE 1003
Mission st '¦'¦¦
i — — _ — : ~ • • -
WANTED— A good barber; steady work. Palace
¦ Barber ShoD. corner of Greenwich and Lyon
sts.. Presidio. ". / • .
for country. 'Apply REISS
'BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes; * lightly -damaged, haif
price. ¦. S62 Mission >'... bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN and wife for lodging house; German pre-
-. ' f erred ; good wages.- Box -4107. , Call offlce.
PANTS pressmen wanted for . S." X - WOOD &
.CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st*
FOUR light harness 1 makers on Kay, strap.
. coupe and carriage work. ; Box 3143, Call.
WANTED— Boy that speaks German. 'J.'HUNT-
LER; 3066 Twenty-fltth i at*, near; Harrison.
WANTED— Edgesetter and bottom finisher,
j WENTWGRTH SWIT2ER..26 Main st.
nEIilV WANTED — MALE— -Cow.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade: wn
- teach the work In 2 months: donate eomplet*
outfit of tools; give Saturday wages; grant
1 diplomas and pay $15 weekly when compe-
1 tent; the- new barber law increases demani
for our graduates: catalogue and particular*
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 63: Clay.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion 127 Mason St., restaurant help of all
klnda: male and female: register at once:
permanent positions: good pay.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 largt
rooma: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BVRBERS— TheByrns Hotel barber shop a.;3
bathhouse. Woodland, Cal.. must d.j sold this
week.#-
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLI3.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. J,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 816 Mark"t
WANTED— General tailor. Apply M. J.
MYERS & SON. 35 O'Farrell «t
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for »ale. 50c up. !i\ Third at.
•00 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis »t.
JEWELERS. 323 Bush St., third floor, room 1
GFT vour shoes half-soled while waiting; JJo
to COc. E«2 Mlislon it., bet. 1st and 2d tt».
WANTED— 6C0 men to huy new and Tnd-hand
army shoes, 11 up: goltng 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade: mtalom© mailed
fr«w. S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard tt.
WANTED— Two tcnoA city »alesm«n. WHITH
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post it.
AT cajh price* for $1 per week, men's »ulti ta
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 11» Kearny «.
PENSIONS— 3. II. 8HEPARD Se CO.. att/«..
Hearst bldjr.. Third and Market, room rx
WINCHESTER Hous*. 44 Third »t., ne*r Mrp.
R»t— 7C0 room*. 2Se night: readlnu-roomt; fr««
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and fubscrtptlon*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore tt.
JIO RSES AXD WACOM.
40 HORSES for sale; also wa*ons. btiffgiet,
cart*, harness. Grand Arcade Horn* Market.
127 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN St DOYLE. Auctlone«rs.
40 YOUNG horees and mares, broke, from 110O
tr» 15C0 pounds; also 40 work mules for sal*
this week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson,
Stanislaus County. Cal. ___
FOR sale— 3 good work horses. 2 strong sana
wagons and harness: special bargain account
of owner's death. Call at 20 Lafayette gt.
WELL-BROKEX 6-year-old horse; weight 1109
pounds. M. D. MEYER & CO., Geary and
Devlsadero ata.
BARGAIN— Strons go-cart; patent shafts; tult-
able for butcher, newspapen. collector. 132J
Howard St. .
GOOD business horse and new buggy for sals;
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office, lit
New Montgomery st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence lt»
3d session Juse 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Good delivery team; weigh 1150; T
years old; price, J200. 538 17th st, Oakland.
WANTED— Use of business horse, for his keep
for 2 months. LANE, 603 California st.
25 MILCH cows, part Holstelns and Jerseys.
Address box 3121, Call offlce.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
• etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
llgbt fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED I-.IST Houses to let ; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms, $12; 14 Lily ave. Inqulr*
113 Oak gt
6 ROOMS; stable; large grounds; sanitary Im-
provements. 161S Sanchez st. near 20th.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
A DESIRABLE vfurnlshed upper flat. S rooms;
near park. 73-1 Shrader st. ; Haight-st. cars.
HOUSE of 6 "rooms, bath and gas, furnished;
rent $18. 42S^ Brannan st. __^
9 ROOMS, bath: completely furnished. 144J
Devlsadero st.: key on premises.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
FOR rent — Furnished cottase: Santa Crua
Mountains: 2% miles from Wrights; 5 r. and
bath; hot and cold water: porch 54x3 feet.
¦ THOMAS THOMPSON. Wright3. or 131 Beale.
LOST AXD FOTIXD.
$2 EO REWARD for-r»turn of embroidered b»-
- tiste sleeve to 1120 Sutter st '
LOST— Small fox terrier; spot over right ey»|
reward. 1121 Mission St.. saloon. ¦
LOST — Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary st.
either In car or on street, lady's brown purse,
containing $15 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office. Cl&ua
Spreckela building.
LOST— A passbook with tha Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In thm
name of CATHERINE KELL.Y; No. 243-S3&
. The finder will please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt»,
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powall and- Mason.
MACHXXEItY — Boujrrit, Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines, "d-kand and other machin-
ery bought 'and sold. EPSTEIN. 638 Mission.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladiea
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis »t
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cent*
' for "The Weeding. Bell." 18 Mason st
MATTRESSES AS!) UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792; t*
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned:
expert carpet- cleaning: strictly reliable.
HOPKE BROS.. 31S-S2O Eleventh st •
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, banoom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: <ve always have a large stock o£
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1C21. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for ' catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar-proof safe for $330 and a fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, -pulleys,
etc. "WHITELASV. 216 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 12) Montgoay.
RETIRING from business— I am sacrificing %
lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLB
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. .
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 23 H. P. :
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON.
S58 Mission st. .
A— $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 '75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINK suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT'
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hund modern engines and
boilers bought and aoid. KROGH MFG. CO.
SKCOND-HAND fire and burglar sate at C. J.
• PERIAM & CO.'S. -13 Main st.
' WE pay biff price* for sealskins— Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving plc-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale St.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
S.AFFS New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. TH2
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WATTS.
EXCHANGE and sales offlce, <ni Phelan build-
ing. Market st— Send particulars of anything
you have for exchange or sale or want: regis-
tration free; Insurance and loans.
"WANTED— 3 second-hand sectional 3% feat
¦Huntlngton mills; cash. Address J. D. SI..
room 73, Chronicle building. •
WANTED — 2 steam tngs. size from 65 to 75 feet
long; either ¦will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box 3618. Call office.
GASOLINE engines and other machinery
bought and sold.' EPSTEIN. 538 Mission »t.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
' theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 252?.
WANTED— 2d-hand uprlsht\plano or organ for
I cash. IX L. WHITEHEAD. 170« MarJwt tX
CMtKVOVAXT* 1 —- rnntlnnH.,
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your dl«ea»«
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, druss or worthies* Instru-
ments; fdentlfic method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathlo Co.. 13S2 Market. 1 opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MME. PORTEH. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses dlneas? wltli ilfu leading; ladles 50c,
gent* il palm, anil clalr. nit. $1 f>0. 126 Turk.
MME. BANDERS. 38 McAllister nt, .medium
«nd palmlrt; teaches mind telegraphy and
gives advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
1SMAR, the Eryptlan gypsy, clairvoyant nnd
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; urlvate readings daily. 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
fails: reading?. 00c. 8 Hayes st. nr. Market.
MME. LAROSE. b<?st clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium. 23c un. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Cth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant xard reader; la-
dies^ Xc; gents, 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MME. SCHAFFER, ilAirvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SVi Jessie St.. bet 5th and 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
LET'S go to WATSON, the best palmist and
medium in town.. 1 Seventh st, cor. Market.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1143 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well k.iown clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German»poken:tel. Howard 1846.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 2Ic up; leaves May 27. 5 Seventh st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET UKATINfJ AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become Jisjrusted with poor work
send to SPATTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
inf: Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie ¦ 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2KL
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAll'ster St.; phone South H6.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating. Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-CleaninR Co.. 4C2 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CAP.PETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKI.IN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paffes. In wrapper, for malllrr. M per year.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. .
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty'; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates,' bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students;, a-dvice free; prices
' cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, . the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
Vc: plates, $5: full set; all wort-k painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24. Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk et., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A new thing in gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no paip: investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co.,6 F.ddy,r.44&32.
EARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Kull set of teeth. %*; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH,S15% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extra ction 50c ; plates $5 . up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR.. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist? third floor.' Ex-,
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOW T EPT prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission et, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. ' ,
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G.
•YOUNG. 13!1 Polk st. .__
DRESSMAKERS ANIJ SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
ott'ertlon. 1^1 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^LLTGH^^MA^S^Tcolle^eT^aTrotrWd^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
• shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night, sessions; new SO-page. catalogue free.,
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
'& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, ttc. ; life scholarship, . $50: Individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, -an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and : medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan buttdlng. .- ._ .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
¦ tions guaranteed to It by written contract ahd :
can therefore with confidence guarantee ¦ posi-
tions to all Its graduates: 303 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING — Civil.- elec. mining. mech.,sur-
vev, assav, cyanide : day. eve. ; est. ¦ 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr., City Hall..
A FULL coarse of . Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only 560. San~ Fran-
cisco Business ¦ Collesre, 1236 Market sf • . .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college Kraduates;,bookkeeplng:flgures: Bhort
time. TARR. exp. . acct.. 220 Parrot! bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand . and
typing.- removed th new quarters, .rms.- 40-45,
; Parrott bids., Individ. ¦ Instruction; catalogue.-
WANTED— A few pupils In • all branches In oil'
, painting by very, competent lady teacher; 50c
Box E. Call office. - . . ..-¦ -. ¦;;; :
MANDOLIN. ¦ violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. IOCS
.- : MlfsJon: concert;May. 29. Union-Square Hall.~
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. ¦. writing,*
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo.. 1024 Mission, nr." Cth.
SPANISH : lessons: new practical' method; -. full.
" course $10.-- SCO Kecrny ( st. ' ."-'¦:•'. - : " ¦ ..
".:; ELKCTKO'-l'uEKA*tUTIC- 7 ;
Electric-Chemic medication ' cures ; faulty . nutrl-
; tlon; nerve/ bloort , & ' constitutional j diseases. '
Dr». K. fc K.« Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
KMPLOYMKNT OFFICES.
ITAIJAN Labor Supply'^o.. U Montgomery
ave.. tel. John 14SI,*will supply lnbor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help,; farm
handH, miners, gardeners, fruit plckerg, etc.
JAPANKSK Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.: bent help: send men at short
notice. 112.-I Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese help of . all kind*;
cooks, waiters ' and house xervants. GEO.
AOKI & CO?, 421 Post st; tel. Bush 133.
ORPHKL'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
ness help.- 420 Pdwell, nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds h»lp. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and ] Japainese employment office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
CMPLOYMEKT AVAXTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation in
country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a position at
the springs.. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
best city ref.' MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; sood
references: wages $1 per day and car. fare;
good washer flannels. 60 Th.rd st, upstairs.
AN experienced "woman wants work in lunch-
house, boarding-house or restaurant to wait
or assist in kitchen: to work from 9 .to 3.
Call or address 9 Tehama st. - ' -"
MIDDLE-AGED' woman wishes a position to
cook for a family. of adults; no washing; no
, postals. Please call at 40SV4 Grove st.
RESPECTABLE young girl would like to care
for 1 or 2 children, city or country. 412 Lin-
den ave.
SITUATION wanted by starch ironer In laun-
dry. Box 3162, Call office. - ' *•
GOOD obliging woman wishes to do housework;
. city or country; good cook. 270 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED young lady, speaking French
and German, wishes a situation for upstairs
work and sewing or waiting at table in
American family^ city . references. Call or
address 635 ! McAllister st.
BRIGHT young business *woman, about to
travel over the entire Pacific Coast." would
like, to represent some good line. Box 3133,
Call office. : -
SWEDISH 'woman wants situation In private
American family as cook and downstairs
, . work: wages *25 to $30. Address H., .106
Eleventh st. .
TAILOR system taught; rocnVrent free while
• learning. 10'Metcalf place,- near Mason st, oft
Geary.- . • - :' — . ' . ¦ ; ,' - . . " '
WANTED — Position in private family: country
preferred: wages $10. Address box 3196, Call.
GERMAN woman wants situation as . house-
keeper or. cock; best references. Apply 162
Jessie St.. ccr. Annie, opp. Palace Hotel. .¦
NtTRSJE would like the care of invalid or young
children. . Address • box 2242, Call, Oakland.
DRESSMAKER, late .of New York, wishes to
go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS. N.
WAHLQUIST, 609 Kearny st.
REFINED woman; housekeeper or managing
housekeeper for hotel; fine cook; no objection
to country. . Box 4130, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200. rooms: 23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. i
EMPLOYMKXT WANTED— MALE.
BY a first-class cake baker <no German »con-
i fection); with assistant a job as foreman ;
city or short distance in country; references.
Bex 3164. Call office. .
YOUNG man with 4 years' experience In office
desires .position or will, accent any other kind
of work; references. Box 31G3. Call offlce.
POSITION as mechanical draughtsman by a
young man (26); understands the business; is
a good arti3t; has had 7 years' experience
with- electric, steam and other machinery:
has also completed a mechanical and elec-
. trlcal" engineering course: present occupation
engineer: would like to change about June 1;
will go to country. Address L. P., 647 Halght
RELIABLE,' sober man desires situation in
private residence; good gardener; handy man
with horses and cows; general work all round;
city or country. Box 3110,' Call office.; ' -
MIDDLE-AGED 'man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work: no milking: small
wages if good place." HOWARD, 115% Second.
HEAD waiter, lately from the East, wishes po-
sition in first-class hotel or club; best of ref.
: erences. Address Box 3142, Call office.
"WANTED— Young man wants position as Job*
pressman; 4 years' experience, and . can dis-
trlbute type. L. BOEHME. 818A Geary st.
TOUNG man. German, sober and steady, good
coachman and gardener, wants position In
city or country. Box 3118. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call, branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore tt.
FLATS TO LET.',
LEAVENWORTH. 1519H — i rooms, bath and
gas. $15. -
NEW corner upper 6-room modern flat, Just
finished ; one left ; 1 very sunny ; NW. corner
• Eighteenth and Hartford sta.. nr. Castro; $30.
NEW flat, 4 rooms, bath, laundry; latest Im-
provements. -.. 349 Liberty st. '';••",
NEAR City Hall, fine sunny flat 4 rooms.. 62
. :¦ Ivy : ave. ... ; '¦¦ . • • '.¦ ¦ ', ' ' -.¦.-¦¦ ' ' . •" -
SUNNY flat, -1123 McAllister St., near Flll-
more; 8 rooms and bath; rent $30.- . .
SUNNY fiat, 5 rooms, bath. 2209 Geary gt.
'sUNNY flat,' 225 Eighth st; water free; yard;
: near Howard; $10/ ¦ ' - ... - ¦
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms and- bath. 230 Carl
.st: $18. ¦ ¦ - -"¦-'¦ ,"i' ¦
VALLEJO. 1111— Sunny .upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath; newly renovated. '. ¦ : '¦ ;-",- '
6 ROOMS and bath; stationary tubs. 62 Con-
verse st. off Bryant, bet 8th and 9th.- -.
"'FLATS- TC»;LKT-fKnrnii»lieil.
ADULTS; 4 roomsTHbath; 2 teds; gas and coal
stoves; all; necessaries.; 1917 Geary st. •...
SUNNY 7-room furnished: flat. 1609 McAllister
st; call between 2 and 4.
A FEATHER REJsroVATiyG.
Feather beds,; pillows. ',halr mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen . McCabe. : 870 Mission. ; cor. 5th.
' FURNITURE WANTED!, 1
TO receive highest value for furniture," carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody, i 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John-Elder. 22 Kearny.Vbuys "ft
¦"; sells . your bus., merchandise," fur. 1 ; carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn.V mdse., etc.; see J.' A.
¦ • Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st; tel.' Jam ea 1541;
BEFORE disposing . of your • furniture see
; Golden ; Gate 'Auction \ Co.; ; 92S ', Howard ; et. .;- .
'ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana '
¦Co..:- 117.- Sutter st. ;.' tel. James -141. >¦
A. WOLLPERT. 773 \ Mission ¦ et.,- pays i highest
• price -forj second-hand, furniture; tel. Red 1354.'-
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205'Larkin ; tel.PolK 694;
. furniture ' & ; f urn'd 1 houses » bought ; | spot : cash.
CHAS.v LEVY, buyp '¦ your,' furniture,":, carpets,"
*; pianos.' etc. " 1123 Market St.; tel.' Jessie 701." .¦."¦
?*X FHAK'SCO CAI.t..
Bl'FXXTSS OFriCE of^Th* Pan Francisco
C»11. comer f.f Market and Third streets; open
UrMI 12 oVIork rvory.ntslit l» Hie year.
RHANCH 'jrricrs— '27 Montgomery street,
cornf day: . ;wn un:Il 3::>0 l>. m. /
f<> Hgvff street: opM until »:SP p. m-
K3 UcAlUster ttreet: bp«5 unto 9:20 p. m.
fi; Lsrkln street: open until 9:"0 p. m.
1J41 Jrf-t-slon street : • i»en until 10 p. in.
*ZC\ Market street icrner Sixteenth; open
until t v. m.
Ktf rie>-enth Etrect : open until 9 p. m.
ifM Valencia ttreel: a*n u Rt11 s P- m -
Northwei-t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ntrtfftv: open until 9 p. m.
sTaKTIXfi \OTICJrtS. '<¦
hold reculsr meetinc • MON ,- \^^TA^S
* T)\Y Wa>" t". 1WI. at Snclock W«rf*
Bliir,.. at' «x.y Market st. All
men bers are rpgueMert to l>i . (W •£;¦.:[>*
. t.r«->ent. Iiri>ortatit Irtislncf •>.. IbSj^-1
M '/.AHO, I'refld'nt. t*5*-***-*
A. BPILKTAK. Kecretarj". _______
Gf'I.I HN «'«te «'i n-.manilery No. IS, K.
"¦ *;nM«i 1'at* biiiM re. fi2.'. Sutter »t T«fP
— t- : tatei awiwliiy THIS EVENING ol KV.
% i.Vlock. All fratei-. are tounenusly V>
invit*d. •¦' -' x " >
11. !>.' LOVELAVU, Km. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recurder. _
fcAN Francisco Chooter No. 3. Royal _\_
Arch Ma«ns, m*tts THIS EVKXINO. IClf
Buflnesn only. '~
O< c.JI . BSCTAL ' JjnAg* So. 22. F. and A., m
V —THIS (MONDAY) EVENING «t _#V_
Tiat o'clorU. Third dejref. Matter H»- JtJ\
•H-:ri» cordially invited. Ey order «f the '~*
W. M. WAI.TRR "•^ A _N UE^5 ON 'j_ Sr i_.
fctrriCliAX i KliAKt'lfKJO IsAk* So. m
US F. »nd A. M.. meeti THIS <MON- »#V.
J'AV) EVKXINO et 7:80 o f clock for Cjf
third ««crw. All M«»t?r Mition* ar# ™" >
crOlally Invited. Hy '>rder of th« Mauler.
K. C HA«B, Secretary.
KING 8Q£OM03m VoOf No."*SW. V. &" m
A. M.-KIIlmrre »t.. between Himh J\ M
»r,0 Butler <Franklln Hull). Klrut Jljt
dryree THIS EVENING at 7:30
HARHY itAEHit, Secrt'Ury.
B1T;<"IAL meetlrr of nertaumnt Keener*' As-
f" I it I'Ti is celled to meet at Hhtet* bull<lln«.
K (>F«rroll H.. at ! p. m. MONDAY. May
!". VM. Member* w.ll pkase attend. By ot-
A>T of P. T. DENNETT. President.
TI3E f>1cd-n!nn Club %vlll bold Its v *yr >,
Ihltty-fi.th annual leathering and l\, \Jy'J
pm'i'n nt Shell Mound Park on t^.X\*
THt'nSnAV. Mav 30. The best ***"*
• tMetes of the Pacific Coast will compete
f<r frlirs. Over $2ri00 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to S
p. m. Bapptpers for platform and fancy
<1«ncltur. Over forty events on programme 1
|r<t one. A Hiphlard welcome wth a full
Any of pleasure to all. Buy round-tr^p ferry
ticket* for Shell Mound Park. ,Admi«sUin to
ground?, adults. 00c; children, 2r.c.
' . COMMITTEE.
aNNI'AI. MEETING— Tlte regular annual
rnrf-tiriK *>f the stockholders ol, th» Olympl?
Fs'i Wafr Company will- t>e hrld at the
offlce of th» company. 327 Market St.. San
Franrlcco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. ISCl. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the T"irpos»» of eWtln* i board of dlr»>c-
'or* tf> ppfv^ for t h^ <*nsuin^ v<»3.r, snd the
tr»n«a-t'on of such o*her business as may
•v>-"p h?fare the meetlnp. Transfer books
¦ritl <lo«e on Fr'day. May 17. 191V Ht 1
oc1<vk p. m. CHAS. A. c.insOX. Soc.
OTfk~e r27 Matket ft.. San Francisro. Cal.
THI" California l>ebris Commission. ha\-lnR re-
c-lve-1 applications to mine by the hydraulic
f-fes-s frop< <"harlei= Lilly and *V. E. Emeiy.
|i the Avalanche rnine. near Vallicita. Ca'.-
• <ifra« <~-->:ntr. to dept-s't fifllncrs In G*-ap»-
•»-'r«. Gu'cl': an<1 frr>m W. J. Cox and F. E.
K»»«y. 'n th» Tavicr diir^lnprs. near Taylors-
Mrm?i> Crunty. to d«nosit tailings In
i-' : t-r>-i-a-> p»-p«ic. givee notice that a meet-
J^r v «'l be held ft room S?. Flood ivi'Mine.
Ppyi Fnnciwo. Cal . en May 27. 1901. at
¦¦¦*•" tv m. ¦
AGENTS WAXTEO.
M.» v j^ r^Kc't In r'ty f.r cruntiy: <**n make
frcrr- 5? ti ?3 per day. Apply ct 3 Taylor st.
~~ ADOPT I OX.
FOR rrlpption— A handpom* hesllhv baby p!rl.
Ar?^lv at MRS. SATTLER-SIMOX'S. 17C3
PtimirH Ft., near I'nlor..
GO'OT) r,r.r"» or*n f«" healthy biy and rlrl Iti-
Wr-=. MR?. DR. FI'XKn. J410 Rth. Alameda.
M' " ' —
A^si'M Vl/ri:»l HOOKIXG. t .
/. rTXTIDt, arphalt rocfins. sidewalks re-
Pft'red: pe'ftal. . 11S6 Mi'pjon-. tel. Folsom 16C7.
ATTUHXKVis AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
n , 4 fee wi»N>vt Fuceeps; collections. G. W.
BOTTE, atty at law. 800 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
rractice. Room 1S7 Montgomery- st.. S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVID?OX. S27 Market gt. ejw. Mason.
L. f=. CLARK. Emm Spreckels bid?., S27 Mar-
h"t ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
n \i us. a
YOU can c f t boiling hot water for bath3
without extra cost. Firp ut> LANE, the
Plumber. Main 315: 601 California st.
ItOAHDIXt; KOIl CH1LDUKX.
t OK Z cii.Uren to board, week or month: best
iere M-nny yard:nr.t>cho.-;l:reasonab'.e.l607 Cal.
Birsiansss chaxces.
A— ?.7:C; SALCOX; no better located p!ace~7n
this city; rent J50; place clears eas.ly $150
per r?onth; co nipht. work. See R. ' G.
V ILKE. iS'i Kearny st. ,
Ai-CSBI; CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms,
en Brannan st. ; good business; close to fac-
_toricE. Call H. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny tt
r<"W: HALF interest in leading restaurant:
pr.vcte boxes: located close to Poweil and
Ets. U. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Et
A-UOU: EOAP.DIXG and livery sUble. West-
era A-iditicn: net rent $48; clearing: above $lio
l«r m^mn; large patronage; stcck of bug-
pits. h.~ise= tnd hsrntss first class. Call R.
G. WILKE. Z6\£ Keainy st
A— JUG; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
""ocms: established years; rent $30: location
•c.n't be beat and the business is first -clas3.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny st.
A— H7W; ICECREAM parlcrs and cafe, on lead-
ing l.usiness street; rent $«; first-class pay-
ing cuabiiFhment: owner compelled by sick-
ntss to retire. Particulars II. G. WILKE,
2G',i Kecrny Ft.
A— ?l!0C; ICHCREAM parlcrs and candy store;
< hnicett location; low rent; monthly receipts
£7."X; valve in figrht; net profits at least iVA
ni'.nth." Cal! K. G. WjLKE, 26Vs Kearny.
A— ?17r<>: CORNER grocery and bar: place es-
tablished Keen and known as one of the best-
l&ylng cciner groceries In this city: location
one block from Market st. Particulars R
G. WILKE. 'dP& Kearny st.
A— 531CO; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; vtry choicest business location; rent
!"t3: irvest.fjale and make an offer; a rare
«r.d g<*d chance. Call K. G. WILKE 26>i
Kearny St.
A— «0C<i; SALOON on Market Et.; pl^fp estab-
liL'.ied many years ami doing a large buai-
tP&m; na rent $135; sickness in family oom-
jiels cvi^er to sacrifice; a mint. Call R.- G.
WILKE. 26'.2 Kcarny st.
A— CANUy Etore In Western Addition $350
Delicacy store; good Etock; no opposition. 500
Saloon In business dii-trict „ 4aC0
.Saloon near l*tach, $400; saloon and lodg-
¦ Ing house ." 8c0
Photograph Rallery; pays well; Market Et. 2000
Merchandise business in Rood town 1200
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 un to.. 4000
SL&tiojitiy stores, cigar stands, bath house*
delicacy stores, in all parts o( city, from $150
t-'P- FITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st.
GA.VMIU, ft MOCK. 306 Market St., eucces-
sora t.i Lendta & Co.. have a number •>! new
end rood ealoon bargains
:!orth of Market; receii-t^ $13
ta fit-: Lig strjck Mquors and ctgars- t-een
thc;e S yrfc. Gamn-.i'.l & Mock, X6 Mkt., r. 8.
UOTKl. in a I!ve:r mining town7~bar "trade
i'~«» incr.t': : \vi:i sell or lea^e; reasonable
t.rrrs. CAMMILL .v MOCK, 9CJ Market
AAA— 1C0 CIGAR stands. 2C0 rroceries and bars"
3tU candy ni-.£ icecream ttores. 600 restaurants.
1K0 ttore« of al! kinds; partners wanted
Parties with $100 un can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and bee us
WALTER HAYES A CO., S38 Market st.
FOR private sale— Some of best saloons In city*
WALTER HATES & CO.. JS« Market et.
A— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon known as
a jfood-paying- business; seating 108 people-
muft h». eold at once; come and make an
*:fTer: call liet»fer. 11 a. m. and 3 p. m. The
Creair;ery. C21 Kearny Et.
PARTIES desirlnc an interest In manufactur-
Ing busir.iFB which vrtll pay 33 j.; r , Pr '^em
on Jr.vec:nierii call at WEST COAST 1N-
\ KS1MKNT CO.. Phelan bulldlnr.
I KAVE bar?air.s In Erocerles and bars, res-
U-urants. Ijakerles. candles, cigars notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7J9 Mkt.
JiiO— CORNER grexxry and bar: old establlsh-
*v] buFin^Ks: i-are chance. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 77714 Market ft.
J22H-T-DAIRY ciepat: fine trado; will support a
. iamlly. LUNDIN & CO.. S06 Market st.
COUNTRY paj'ing buflnees wanted: we have
caisb cjftomers for cny paying Investment
'Bus. .Board Trade, S20 Pine; phone Davis 32S.
WANTET? — Business partner with $ c 0C0 capital;
COC "*«*- flear profit Call or address J. D.
- XL. ' fuaCb Tt. Chronicle buil Jing.
j nfsrNnss c::a\cks — contimiy<i.
$ltI0— STKA M iRiiidry: lontc establirh«d and
clolne lai t * ana vtrry |irofltul;le bus!n«sa.
liORN. KUJMO.N A: CO.. 3<> Kcarny nV
" $?X0— r.OIVNTOWX HHldon: no nl;ht or Sunday
; work; daily r-edj.tB JlVi to $12: rent $12 DO.
. IIOUX. SOLOMON & «-O.. 30 Kfarny st.
K\V11KN >"'>u viant to poll or l>uy a paying bual-
n^s eall on HOHX. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
¦ Kes.rny st. : telephone ".lain 1&" 1 !.
I $4«'O— FINEST restaurant/ -harpaln; wholesale
¦ dint nr:ith'of Market: receipts ?25 day; cheap
I rent: wan leuv -nz the city. GAMA1ILI* &
j MOCK; iX:-6 Market »t. '
! FOIt Fate — Complfte tixturex for a cigar stand;
j nl»!u a canl machine; a barsra-n If sold to-
| • day. Northeast cor. Davis and Commercial.
BAKERV-An old established and well paying
i 1>hV*tj In a prosperous country town, which
< hur both a e<>o<i blor* trade - and outalde
riMtpj-: l!vhijr room*, with furniture: horses
; rn<l wasons: everything complete and in sood
running order; will be nold at a Facrlflce: a
] rr'-«t chance; tfonl rnasiiti for aniline. Ad-
i tln-rr box 31C7, Call office.
j I'OI: Sal*'— "SiXO; <-ld-:.<tabl*shed flower store,
I with nur*»ry. hntho»n:t. etc.. boll?r. hor«<"5,
| wa-4"ii--. plants and tices nf all d^scrlptionc;
I i-ttabllfhrd many y-a%*, anil cloinK a money-
• iiisklnK bi'r'nfFf; . Particulars CARL C.vnL-
! FOX. ;.C0 Ilaight Ft. ,
! t.V'OO WILL buy a buMn«»M. profliK $2300 per an-
j r.um; no fak*. no acenti; hooks wide open;
j ffH-A rmFcnf frr Felling: bent location; trans-
• frr corner: tBtabllsh<>d 10 years; tbis 1b a snap.
Addrcfn box n. C, Call offlce. ! ,-
A 1-STOItY brick lodisln*-hom<». nicely located
and payinif well, Ik offered, $2000: below what
It poy» Interem on; proof fflven; reason,
riiMnfelft? retid'nee: would leaie. AdJres*
K. F. C'AHR. Marynville, Cal.
TOn RALC. :'--iV>
i "Th« Suloon," 201 Po«-<»11 «t., cor-
j n<-r OTnrrrll. will be Hold cheap If tukin
before Junti 1, Apply at naloon.
iTlftOtV-PROpklfTY .™r~7nlc: en& of car line:
: srfMvry ami bur clearing fll.'.O a month; lot
i ii.fixi2i>: tni'Mlnp. ti.iiil<\ ptock and flxturfi
nil n<-w. r.ox 813<>. Call cWcc.
i DKNTAL ofnc«, w*ll advertised, dolnic n buM-
ncKS of $fKifl n month; thl« I* a ram chnno*
for the right party, AJdr*M box 41144, Call
office. . ...
FOR fair— A wpII fitted up b«»r and billiard
»aloon on Mn«-l<»»t kI.. near City Hall. Mc-
t.ron * 1IATJK, whplpKale liquor mer-
chant*. 113 SInrket ft. '
j SALOOX: old-'-rtabl'fhcd ccrner; 2 funny II v-
I inp rmtrfi; mutt oell; other business. o.'.4 4th.
FirKT-CL\SS Irkfr • for *r.le in country town,
i AddrcRg box ISS'I, Cnll o/fi.'c, Oakland..
LADY <<t means w - sh»« to buy a central busi-
i n^:-8 location. Box 3134, Call office.
. PAIITNER wanted in fruit and enndy store;
! pood location; focd business. 7 Kddy Ft.
, ANY pcrtlen v.-lfhlng- to Fell Hrst-class hair
] Ftorfs addrefs box S13T>. Call offlce.
! CAPITAL for manufacturing: F.a f c Investment.
; AiHlreFp H. K.. IC6 Eleventh st.
, C.M^I^ route Apply 478 Tehama St., near
; Sixth, after 12 o'clock.
$mi— PESTAt'RAN'T for sale; 7 living rooms.
; MRS. L. LIXD. Tlburon, Cal.
j MAN with J3.T) to Join party to work placer
! claim nt Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call offlce.
' FOU sale— Dranch Lakery and notion store,
j C51 Fourth ft: no agent
; BARGAIN In thriving town. Dovy Crocket
j c'par Ftrrt>. TVInt Richmond. Cal.
j LODfilNG-HOlSES FOR SALE.
1 MARION GRIFFIN, t.i-.t- Real Estate Asent.
T19 Market st., by the Call building.
• ; 8 rooms; rent J20; Income $3?: terms $100
. down and $100 in monthly installments.. C200
A\ rocrns; new piano: quiet: respectable.. 300
!»J«rooms: rent $.".0; Income 'ICO 1000
Jf?%J* rcf-ms: rent 5-%C: income $1CO: MarVet ft. S00
It-^»? joorr.s; cost $1000: Uuwntown: fell MO
***t7 rooms: income S13'-: clears $70 month.. 7C0
14 mrims; new carpet.'*: n?w furniture;
fell: r«-nt ?40: income $S0: lawn: large
I srounds: includes ri.ano: hasty depart-
' ure of ownc-r 550
¦ 12 rr<;rr.s: income $97: oa!c and mahogany;
| hair mattrepfps: bon ton: Al location.. S00
54 rofms; corner: do'.vntcwn: rent J5S:
funny: central: owner sick: compelled
to Fell 4. 13no
f5 rncmf tSGDWX) rooms r^. S6."X0
fO rooms 8Efl| 6!) rooms 5000
45 rooms 35P0. *2 rooms 2000
J6 rof.ms i*C0| Co rocms 1SC0
I A. CA1IKEON & CO.,
', S50 Market st. a.rd S Stockton st.
' Rooms 21. 22 and tZ. Phone Bush 223.
• If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
I to epII list with us. We have cash customers
' for all sizes and nrif-cs. f?ee list of bargains.
I 27 rooms: rent J100: ccst ?3iC0 to fur.; flrst-
: class locat'on: fine dov.-ntown house J26CO
! it rooran; rent JC5; water free; oak fur.. lOO
J IS rocms: 2 fntrance3; rent $73; trans irOO
] 20 room?: rent 160; water fre?: good furn. 1C00
> ?4 rocms: furniture new; rpnt $50 2100
i ¦ 19 rocms; rent rW>: .?l?ars $7() 1000
j 15 rooms; rent $70: elegantly far.- board-
J . Inp-hrrF^: rfducpd on acct. departure.. 105t\
SELECT YOl'R HOITSF. FROM THE LARG-
j EST LIST lX'TOWX.
! 7 rooms: well furnished; good location... $200
! 1^ rooms; b'./z money-maker: cheap rent.. S00
J T3 rooms; clr-ars $12"i wo.: chiefly offices.. 2000
i *2 rooms; excellent furniture; a bargain.. 2SC0
1 US r. modf-rn house: pood cor.; make offer.
'¦. Hundreds to choose from J100 to (100,000
' Also boardlnsr-housei and country hotels, -j
Sea our special bargain list before buying.
/WALTER HATES & CO.. S3S Market St.
| i - ~ f
' TELEPHONE Mint 1531.
I WINSTON & WOLF. .
: Real Estate, Insurance. Business Agents.
| ' 1026 Market St.
I 13 room!" ; corner; $300 cash; only... $500
: 20 rooms; corner; new furn'.ture €00
! to rooms; corner: rent $">0 2000
; £2 rooms; corner: part cash 2700
j Money at V/- rer w.iL
FIFHER & CO.. 9". Market St.. opp. Mason. .,
¦ 37 rooms, price $800: 3"> rooms, price $1400.
! T4 rooms,- price $1WO; 12 rooms, price $^ro.
C6 rooms, price $1400: 11* rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30. $500.
1 If a bargain we have them at any price.
1 16 ROOMS— Only $ST,O; fine location, near Mar-
j ket; fine transient FISHER. 935 Market Et
' ~~~~ ~ ATTENTION. BUYERS!
; You may buy any rooming-house In
• . the city, and pay for it;
!ln monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
' Vacant houses furnished.
j DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
¦ S3 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $2C0....$85O
; 10 roor-s; rent J£0; clears $33 per month.. 650
$3f.0— LodEingr-hcufe, 14 rooms: . very cheap
I rent: water free: pays good profit. HORN,
j SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
' 18 ROOMS: M'psicn St.; rent $<M; price S725.
! 12 rocms; Iteson Ft.: rent $45; price $750.
¦ 19 rooms on O-Tint ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
! 13 rooms on Eddy st: rent *-"8; rirlce $650.
j ECRKKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth St.
! JOSFPH BAILIF. 759 Market st— A good list
j cf i^delnK-hoi'sep. • •
~ SPIKITUALISai.
MR?. «T. J. WHITNEY— « ,
| Trance, buslnefs medium; life reader; exam-
• Ines ore;- oil. locations; medical clairvoyant:
I treats, cures Flck: cancer removed without
I use of Ur.ife. I1C4 O'Farrell. nr. Goujrh; KIlls-
I rt. car: sit.. SI: letter. J2. Tel. Hyde 2161.
i THERE is a t'de In ev»ry one's life if taken
i at the right time leads to wlmt you want
I This is one answer. Now see what the fu-
j tare holds cr children. Questions
I hy mail. 3. "23c: give year, Tsex. date of
I birth. ZELMA. the mystic, 1635 Geary st.
• WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
] and lif" affairs; trance circles « Tuesdays.
! Thursdays .and Sundays. 8 p. m.. 25c; other
j r-venlng*. 10c: r^adlrps daily. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
I m.. W; ladles. 50c. "05 Larkln st. rras. 87-8S.
i M^P. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
I Friday. R p. m.; Wednesday, 2:33, 10c; reading
j dally. 5Cc. . •;•..-
! MPS. T-OnSE S. DREW, rsychlc. Electric
; 8nd Marnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 T^arkln
j ft; tc-1. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
! JOHN PLATER, circle f-nlrht. S:l» sham;
1 Flttlna-s 10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
j MRS DR. DEAN, mapnetic healer. S13 Turk
j ft: hours. 10 a. n. to 5 p. m.
j MRS. ALir'E AUSTIN, business nnd test me-
!¦ rfium: rliilrvoyant: card reader. 715 Post st. ¦
! KATI^ HrrFgJIANN. 138 West Mission Ft,
I r.r. 12th— Circle Sun. eve., 23c; sittings da'ly.
j EARLE. 622 Geary rt. t"lephcn» P^Jtk 1297—
j ¦ Rpadinrs daily; Feances Tues.. .Thurs. & Sun.
FP"=-N"nFWlP HaM. ?3T. McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
j ir^..^. ritll .r- .-,t t>«V.|| ».<.n|<>li». tlV*. .
j CLAIRVOYAXTS.
! MME. M. BERNAHD,
; THE FAMOUS ,\ *- - '¦¦ i
i f"a!rvnyant and business medium, permanent-
> ly located pt 17 Third H.. next Examiner bids.
i Fhe reads your life correctly. Rives an accur-
ate description cf the past, reveals the present
hijpperln^s and portrays events to occur In the
, luture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
• happy or net cat!sfled 1n life, or '.have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this Kreat
metllum and you will ho told how to overcome
•h-rry. Valuable advice In all nffalrsof life;
2-c up; j.«eTfect ratisfaction guaranteed. ; .' *"
MRS. DR. K. CLARK, the well-known trance
.m«ilum. If permanently located at 1 2O> Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave..' rooms 25 and
2C: take *Iev»tor. Perfect satisfaction jruar-
ante*d hy mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
i terrrH. Pally and Sunday. - :
MME. ARNDT. the pi-eat clairvoyant, tells
l'R*t and future: never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or w'fe; 25c up: sxtisfBrtlon to every-
t body; cure diseases by sympathy. . 215V4 Sixth.
© "M~w 4^^x•^•^v4^4^^^^^*^^^^H•^^^I^•I^^^•^•^^^»^•^^I^^^^^«^^^^^^^^
:»; v , : : .•'.¦-. % .'¦"/'< ¦ ' " ¦ •'. ;
? o G-
I SCIENTIFIC -^^^ HA J^' RESTORER
*C ..488 ' Geary Street.... :¦'¦ '..¦•]
"l Business Manager S . F. Call. 7 •: <•¦
J, Dear Sir: Please continue my ad under: '
v Personals until further notice. Your '
Z paper certainly has a :large circulation, [',
4 judging from the results obtained from my !
| adin it, h ving received answers from far !
.1 and near. I have had my ad in the daily !
papers of San Francisco for several months !
X past and have had better results from The',
¥ Call than from. any other paper. !
I Yours truly, :Weather, Report.
¦ (120th Meridian— Pacific ''Time.)
SAN. FRANCISCO, May 1WP.M.
The * following . are ¦ the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, find rainfall In the last twenty r
four hours: ,'. ..', — -• '• -' . ;
Generally clear weather prevails, over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains,, except
over 'Washington' and" Southern Arlzdna,' where
It Is cloudy. Light rain has fallen over -Wash
ington and Oregon. .
- The pressure has risen overthe Pacific Slope,
except ; "along the California '; coast from San
Francisco southward," where there has been a
¦The , temperature- has t remained ; nearly sta
tionary " over Calif 6rnia' and Arizona and ¦ fal
len over the remainder of the Pacific Slope.
Conditions tre favorable for fair and some
what -warmer weather in California Monday.
Forecast made e.t San Francisco - for. thirty
hours ending midnight May 20:
: Northern California— Fair; somewhat wanner
Monday; light northwest wind.'
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
Nevada— Fair Monday; fre3h northwest wind.
Utah— Fair. Monday;, cooler; fresh northwest
wind. ' ' :
; Arizona— Fair Monday; light southerly wind,
j San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
. . .. Local Forecast Official. .'
FORECASTS.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
58; minimum.? 47: moan, 52. - „ .",. ";. .
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND ¦' GENERAL
Conflrmationby Sishop N"ich.ols.
SANTA CRUZ, May 19.— Bishop Nich
ols administered the -rite- bf confirmation
to a class at Calvary Episcopal Church
this morning. In the afternoon ho preach
ed In the Episcopal Church, at Ben
Lomond. . ¦ •-¦-.' ¦ .-.-'- ¦'¦¦:¦
yehtion;. will submit majority and minority
reports to the convention to-morrow. The
majority report, - In an ;. introduction,,
quotes article 1 of the treaty of Paris, the
joint resolution of the United States Con-:
gress and the Platt amendment, and then
proceeds as follows: '-. ; - . *
- Inasmuch as Secretary Root, being author
ized by\ President McKlnley, says that the
Platt law has for its object the guaranteeing
of the independence of Cuba and does not
mean interference with Its Government, or the
exercise of a protectorate or - of sovereignty,
and also that Intervention will only take place
when independence is endangered by outside
powers or grave interior, disturbances, creat
ing anarchy; and. inasmuch as Secretary Root
has said that " "the naval stations will -not be
used as vantage points of intervention, but
only to protect Cuba against foreign powers,
we report as follows: .
.. That, iln virtue of the fact that the Platt
law. In its. preamble, says it is a fulfillment
of the Joint resolution and : has been adopted
by Congress with the principal object of es
tablishing indepepdence, we do propose to .the
convention ¦ to accept the following as an ap
pendix to the constitution." .' ¦ : .
Bight of Intervention; '
The iflrst, ' second;' 'fourth and '" fifth
clauses are quoted in their entirety. The
third- clause has the following addition: \
It being understood that the United States
has the right to intervene to prevent '.the ac->
tlon of a foreign power or disturbances cans
ing a state of anarchy arid that the interven
tion shall always be the .act of the United
States and not of isolated agents, the in
tervention shall suppose neither sovereignty,
nor a protectorate and shall only last suffi
ciently long to' establish moral conditions
Said intervention, it is also understood, shall
not have the right to interfere In the govern
ment, but only the right to preserve Inde
pendence. ' , , - ' - - '¦
An addition to the sixth clause says that i
the' ownership of the Isle. of Pines shall
be settled by. a future treaty. ¦ " .
-. An addition to the seventh clause says:
' It shall be -understood -that ; the naval sta
tions do "not give the United States the right
to interfere with the interior government, but.
are established for the sole purpose of pro
tecting American waters from, foreign in
vasion directed against Cuba or the United
States. Cuba will sell or lease the necessary
landf' at points to be agreed upon later. .-
An addition to the eighth clause says,
that the government of Cuba suggests at
the same time a treaty ¦ of - commerce :
based upon reciprocity. ¦•¦•.¦
• View of the Minority. ',
i| The minority" report says: . >
¦ The explan'atlens given to. the commission at.
"Washington show that the Platt law -does; not
express the wishes of the United States. It
was intended to protect the independence of
Cuba., but the wording gives other interpreta-
The United States is inconsistent In asking
naval stations when the amendment provides
that no concessions shall be. given to foreig-n
powers. Such a demand raises the question
whether the United States does not consider
Cuba a part of her possessions. ,
The report of tlie minority virtually ac
cepts the first and second clauses. I"or
the third clause the folio wine is. substi
tuted: . " :
That the Government of Cuba subscribes to
the Monroe doctrine and will help the United
States to enforce it against other, nations try
ing to Violate". It.' ...;:¦'.¦;¦
% -For the j clause "the 'following Is
substituted: , ; . '- . ¦ : ¦•'¦-- ' ;
Cuba does not recognize acts of Intervention
whicfr are not in conformity with the- Foraker
resolution and the laws of the United States.
;: The seventh clause- reads: ,,. ....; ''.. •
Cuba will maintain naval stations, handing
¦them over to the. United 'States in time of
The report of the minority recommends
a' commercial treaty based .upon reap-,
rocity. ¦'¦.'. '.-....:
Majority's Action Unexpected.
The -report of the majority • has .caused
considerable surprise. It was generally
believed that the committee on relations
would recommend acceptance of the Platt,
amendment on the basis of the interpre
tation given by Secretary Root, but it was.
not expected" that such" additions would be
made to various clauses as the majority
recommends. *
Majority _ and Minority Re
: ¦ ports . to Constitutional
.Convention. '
' ; • '..: ; -.. ¦ •
v HAVANA, i May -19.— The committee on
relations of the Cuban Constitutional Con-
Insist. Upon' Numerous
Changes - in Platt
r " ~ "Amendment. :^v
GUBAN LEADERS
HOTEL AUBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Jones, Buffalo
F H Stocker, Cal
D E O'Kfeefe, Cal
P A Farley, P Alto
Col E B Pratt, U S A
F G de Golyer. Chgo
A P Ballou, Chicago
M'H Livingston, N Y
D A Macbeth. Baltimr
EN Messlck. Baltlmr
C G Bennett & w, N Y
M G Meddaugh, Mo
E Reppley, N Y
Mrs* W P Taylor, Cal
J E Fishburn, L Ang
O K Kersler, ,Ky ¦
A E Nathan & . w,
• Pueblo • • •¦ •-
W N Matthews & . w,
: Indiana* ¦ -r" ' ; ,
K C Park, Salt Lake
J : A . Blackus, ChKO •
M A Gottesteln. Seattl
W Kincald. Oakland
L Gundelflnger, Fresno
J Willcoxson. w & .sn,
Missouri
Miss KRea, Mo
A E Harmon, > Cal
G* W Grace, Ohio .
A • G Hubbard & w,
Wheeling. W Va
JH Wainwright &;W,
- N-Y .-;-¦ ',./--¦ "/
A Bauer & w, Germny
W,T CrowdeT. St Louis
Col & Mrs W N. Coler,
N.Y -¦• ¦''
JAEustlce. N Y. .
J McCllntock, U S A
Miss Ellsten, NY
W Bay ley, Los Ang
WC Maclen, Denver
A J L Payne, London
C Andrews ,&-,w.. Ind
G Ross. England
W E Well*. Ohio
Mrs F F Ryer, Cal
A Kaiser.* Stockton
C W Smith, • Bostpn
G T Lapsley, Cal I
R R Clark &.w. Chgo
Miss A . Cla'rk, Chgo .
C B Barnes, Los Ang
F G Mayer, NY..
T. H Craig, N- Y
D E Diersen Jr, SactO
A Thomas, Pa ¦ '
C H Heys. Toronto
W- R A Wilson & w,
New. York
W R Hayden : & w,
" New York . : ' ¦ ¦"
G D Pitzipros^ & w,
Shanghai -¦'¦¦'.
C M Kneppler & w,
N Bowden. San Jose
W S-Stltt. Chicago
J Jansen Jr. Cat . -
C B Wingate & w. Cal
W A Brewer, Cal ¦
H G. Steyenson, . Cal ¦
H Laughlin, Los Ang
W G Blatt, Mich .
Mr; Rlege - & ¦ w, - Swedn
Mr Mareck. ¦: Sweden '
Mr ; Antonl, I Sweden f \
G H Peck & w, Sacto
\.--.' GRAND HOTEL:
Miss Bouton. Fresno
Mrs J House,-. Fresno '
II ; I?aaC3,' Los • Ang , .
II Allen, MayHeld -
J W • Karth. Colusa
J Kane, . Colusa -.. .'
G Rogrers, , Colusa . .'-¦
L I Solomon, I Fresno
N Rpsenthaly. Fresno
H E Erwin. s Conn - i '
B . K ¦ Hussey, Ind : V
H E Wilson, Neb
E H, Whiting. WIs .. - .,
C L La Rue. Yountvlle
JL Jones; Buffalo i- -. ¦
C'A Whltmore, Crows
Landing
C I Dunning, Portland
W B Nutter, Stockton
F E Dowd. • Santa' Rosa
E J Roberts, • Lompo ¦
Mrs . Goodrich, Los An
J FassItr-& w,-Columb
M-Compton. Wash, -Pa
H A Jones & w.-.Phnix
H Bundy, < Napa ¦ • , * ¦
Mrs Wright, Berkeley
Mrs Collins, Los Ang
J Dentz Jr& w, Mexco
H Morris,- Fresno - •
J R Hlller. Chicago
G W. Taylor, London
A' Reinback, - Nevada
Mrs Forester,"" Lob .' Ang
Mrs McCarthy, Los An
E Kauntz, Stanford^-
JS Robertson,. Colo'
J M ' Brown, ¦ Chicago •
R A Berger, Chicago ."
AM Reay, : Chicago ¦
H G Du?lay t Eureka .,
W G "Downine, Suisun
J -WiLane,' Fresno
C'HSelby, New York
N. AVIrvine, Logansprt
B Preston, Summerlnd
G Kennedy,- Llverniore
R -Whitford. Wheeling
~- Elizabeth Meyer (wife of F.- C. Meyer) to O.
t>. Baldwin, '-lot on S lir.e of Post street,' 157:6
W'Qf Taylor, W 37:fi by S 70, quitclaim deed;
$10. ," '¦ ¦ - ¦.;.-. ¦• ¦ :¦ :-¦ -
Joseph Meyer -to same, same; $22,500.
Sarah' E. ; Fabian : to Herman W. Newbauer,
lot on S line of Geary street, 187:6 -W of Jones,
W 26 by S 137:6; $12,000. :..
Thomas Knight to 'Mrs. Thomas Knight, lot
on NE corner • of Golden" Gate avenue.and
Leavenworth ¦ street, N" 137:6 by E 137:6;" also
lot on NE ''corner ¦ of Fourth and Brannan
streets, E 223, N 80, W 1£5, N 80, -W-100, S 160;
also lot- on S line of Freelon street", 200 E of
Fourth, E 25 by S 80; also lot on S line of
Freelon street, 230 E of Fourth, E 23 by S 80:
also lot on-NW corner of Eighth and Channel
streets. NE 337:10. W J20/NW 137:2, W 120, SW
625, E 240; also lot' on SW. corner of
and King streets, SW.S2b by SE 240; also min
ing claim in Arizona and lands in Lower, Cal
ifornia; $10.
Same to Serena H. Knight (wife), same
(seven descriptions) ; slf t.
Francis Hart to Henry E. Bothln, lot on-NW
line of Natoma street, 275 NE of Second, NE
36 by NW 75; $1000. - •"¦ - •
. J. T. Brophy to William F. and Josephine
Brophy, lot on E line >f Second avenue, 325 N
of Clement street, N 23 by E 120; gift.
William Baker to John C. Brlckell. lot on E
line of Thirty-second, avenue, ISO N of Point
Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 12O;$5(K). .. . •'. '
W. V. and Marie L.' Hunttngton ,to. Terence
Horan, lot oh E line of Seventeenth avenue,
275 N of B Street. N 23 by E~120; $500. .
• Alameda County.
Jane McKay to Patrick McKay, all interest
in. lot on N line of Thirty-second street,. 103:3
E of Chestnut, E 23 by, N 100, block 675, Watts
Tract. Oakland; $5. . .: .. . ¦ • . . , v
' James Camp to Elizabeth Smith, all Interest
In following: Lot on SW , line. of Hayward
avenue at SE corner lands of Augustus John
son, by deed of October 1. 1863. thence SW
221.88. NW 125 feet. NE 173.25, SE 148.34 feet
to beginning, being in city of San Leandro,
Eden .Township; also- lot .beginning at •" most
NW corner- of above described' tract,- thence
NE 173.25,- NW 18, SW to beginnlhg, Eden
Township; $4000. - -. .... ¦
Andrew and Lena Chrlstensen to John Roth
undivided %• interest in lot on W line of Cy
press street, 65:9 S of West Sixteenth, S 39 by
W 78, block 5S2A, Bagge Tract. Oakland;, $1300.
F. A. and Mae G. Losh to Dollie C. Jones,
lot on N-line of-. East Fourteenth street, 181.21
E of Thirteenth avenue,- N 67.3 to point distant
150 S from East Fifteenth street. E 86.75. S
53, W 65 to beginning, . block 64, Clinton,- East
Oakland; $500. ¦ '¦ •' - * '-; '¦;-.- ,
v Joseph and Harriett W*!stall.to Ambrose P.
Snow, lots 13 to 17, block ;C. map of Laurel
Grovo Park, Brooklyn Township; $300,
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 20, 1901.
9
I*' ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦
STATIONS. .
Last | This I Last
24 Hours Season, Season.
Sureka ••••' .:•¦••
Hcd Bluff ••• .
Sacramento ...t ...... ,
3an Francisco •••••• .
•"resno.---
ndependetlce
San Luis Obispp. ..,.
jos Angeles- ........ .
3an blego .••••
• o'.os ¦
o.oe
o.OOV
o.oo".
o.oo
. o.oo .
o.oo.
f 0.00"
; 0.00
48.40
24.27
19.51 -
. 20.51 !
'11.63
,,5.61 ,
30.94
'15.60
• 11.26
48.59
23.94
I 20.24
18.42
10.27
, • 3.65
17.20
¦ "¦ 1 7.91
5.89
RE AIj ESTATE-— COUNTRY— For Sale
WANTED— I want to sell or jrade my ranch
of 126 acres; well improved; my cash price is
• $3300, or I will trade for good farm in. Kan-
sas. For further descriptions and particulars
address J. D. SKEED, FiskP: O., Sonoma
Co., Cal. ¦ .
VINEYARD FOR SALE.
SO acres Zlnfandel grapes; vines 10 years old;
' situated 37 miles from Sa*i Francisco, in Ala-
meda County. Box 315L Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN; Real Estate Agent; 719
Market st., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
. scribing farms for sale all over this State.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
• chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
• and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
BARGAIN— For sale -or lease, 4% acres; near
San Mateo; good soil; level; improvements.
1 Call at 6 p. m. at 207 Church' st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
AlAMED ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. -
HOUSES built in any part of • Alameda ;'$E00
cash. S25 to $30 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. t?43 Park st. ¦ - '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. -
$i{MPER~MONTH. TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 6 rooms; sunny side; handy to
: Ban Pablo ave. ; walking distance • of down
r town; street and walks complete; snap for a
home or investment. • "
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. '- ¦ ' ; ¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EIGHTH. 34B — Fine sunny front alocove room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; bath.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Large sunny bay-win-
dow; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.' .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— Elegantly furnished
suite for housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen;
references. . -
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeplng rooms for a couple; telephone.
HOWARD. 728 — Room suitable for two; house-
keeping allowed; reasonable; also single room,
|5; gas. • ¦ ''
HYDE. 408— Sunny front alcove complete for,
housekeeping, $20; also basement -suite, $16.
JUNIPER, 2, off Folsom, between ' Tenth "and
Eleventh— 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
' and bath; rent $8. ¦ '- ¦
LARGE front sunny bedroom and kitchen, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping. Apply at
, shoe store, 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MISSION. 1125>4— Sunny suite of housekeeping
rooms, $2 25.
OAK; 119 — Sunny front room furnished house-
keeping; gas; suitable 1 or 2; $5.
TWENTY-NINTH St.; 2 front housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; bath; $8. Box 8155, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. — ' ¦ .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn". and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, &0c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 14!6 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 266—1 furnished; 1 unfurnished, $4
: monthly: fine **lew. over bay.
CLAY, 1019%— A neatly furnished front room
with fine view of bay; rent reasonable; bath
convenient. *_ ¦'
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished . sunny rooms; prices reasonable.-
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences;- Btove and bath; $12. •
ELLIS, 697 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, en
suite or single. :
FOLSOM, -820, near. Fourth— Furnished rooms,"
$1 per week. ...
FRANKLIN, 20, near Market— Furnished" or un-
furnished rooms; references. - - •.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and- Mission. &ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite. or
single; ladies', parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market—
1 Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
bell in every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
, transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HAMPTON place, 17, off Folsom, bet. Second
and Third — 4 sunny rooms and yard.
HOWARD, 959— Nice sunny room for gent; pri-
vate family; ?5.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur- j
nlshed rooms J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— NeWly fur-
nished rooms from EOc to $2 per day.
MINNA. 2C2, near 4th— Furnished front parlor,
suitable for 2. gentlemen, in private family.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 1019?4, between Eleventh - and
Twelfth — Nicely furnished sunny bay-window
suite or single; also light housekeeping
rooms.
OAK, 111— Large eunny furnished room, suit-
, able for 2. -. ¦ ¦ -
O'FARRELL.; 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights: day, week, ma
ROSEDALE House, 819-321 Ellis st.— P.ooms,
night, 23c to $1; week. $1 23 to $4: open night.
ROYAL House. 12« BlUs— Incandescent light:'
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
IS; month. ?S to |J0; elevator on ground floor;
, rooms with hot_ and cold water; bathg.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Crocker, 815 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 28S (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; board optional.- Phone South 422.
VAN NESS, 1000^-Large, eunny front rooms,
suitable for 2 or 3; $10, $12, $15; ail conven'es.
WALLER, 60. off Market — Room for gentle-
man in private ' family.
WALLER, £32, near Pierce— 1, 2 or 3 rooms
and use of kitchen and dlntng-room, in small
family; no children: references. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD,
CALIFORNIA. 807— An exceptional table; pleas-
ant rooms and surroundings; good service;
popular rates. •
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
suites or single rooms; private baths; excel-
• .lent table and service. -
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., Mission
warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able fates: cars pass the door.
WANTED— An elderly lady to board In the
. country; terms very reasonable.- Address A.
. L., Sonoma. Sonoma County, Cal. .
CALIFORNIA, 807— An. exceptional table; pleas-
' ant rooms; good service; popular rates. • • ' ••'
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn. ;
. excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 : !arket— Suites. S or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415 First
st., between Harrison and Bryant. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
- CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
SEWING ' MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
~« i ~~*,
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay:, all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st.; phone. Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing j guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
¦ paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th,
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH :"s7ora^e^id^Sving~Co^
Office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. -;-•..
BEKINS Van and Storage Co... 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1840; shipping at . cut rates. , : .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. ,'•
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse.' 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel.. Mint 1821. F.W. ZEHFUSS. ~
•*. be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
-'commencing at '9:30 > o'clock. ¦ . Interment^St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland." ''- * "
GREEN— In this city. May 18, 1901, Emma L.,
¦ beloved daughter of , Isabel •¦ and the late
George W. , Green. ¦ and sister of Ada ana
George W. Green and Mrs. W. J. Miller, of
. ! San Rafael, a j native of : San Francisco.
i : . fC^Friends and acaualntances are respect-
; : fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday). ' at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 3638 Twenty-third street, corner;' of
¦¦ Fair Oaks, thence to St. James Church,
* where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-.
' brated for the < repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private. . ,
HOWARTH— In this city. May 19, 1901. Joseph
M.. dearly beloved husband of Hannah Ho-
warth, and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Lawrence Smith 'and Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Keegan, a- native of Bacup, Lancashire,- Eng-
land, aged 34 years 4 months and 8 days.
JACKSON— In East Oakland. May 19, 1901.
Mary Cook, wife of Peter H. Jackson, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 73 years. - (
: ETFuneraTand interment private.
KELLER— In this * city, May .19, ' 1901. John,
dearly beloved son of .'William and Sophie
Keller, and brother of Charles, Ef fie, Willie,
Lena, Minnie.' Harry and Freddie Keller, a
native of Honolulu, H. I., aged 14 years 9
- months and 21 days. "- ; •¦ .\_ /-¦ ¦
. cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day,' May 22, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents,' 130 Lexington -avenue, -be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth -streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery- > • > '.
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 19, 1901." Rich-
ard Wagner, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
: Avery McCarthy, a native of San Francisco,
ased 5 years. . • ¦ > '¦¦ ' ¦'
McCORMiCK— A solemn requiem month's mind
mass* will be celebrated this day ' (Monday),
at '9 o'clock, in the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Sister. Mary
Raphael McCormick. Friends and , relatives
' are invited to attend.
QUALMAN— Ih this city. May 18, 1901; Major
Charles Qualman, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 64 years '10 months and 28 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609 Haight street. Interment National
. Cemetery. - .- - ~
QUILL— Court Star of the Mission No. 7197, A.
i O. F.— The officers and members are hereby
notified to . attend -the funeral of our late
brother, Bernard Quill, to take place to-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 10 ' o'clock, from his late
residence. .752% Harrison street. ¦
\S. J..6F.VERANCE, Chief Ranger.
WILLIAM CASHMAN, Secretary.
RtTHET— In this city, i May "14, 1901.
Paterson, beloved aon of Mr. and -Mrs, K. |
P. Rithet, a native of Victoria, B. C. aged
20 years 4 months and 10- days.
"¦¦' fCTFuneral this day (Monday), . at 10
o'clock, at the residence. 3348 Clay street.
ROSS— May 18, 1901, Ann S. Ross, ' widow of
James Ross (Ross Valley, Marln County), and
- mother of Mrs. George A. Wonn, a native of
Kent, England, . aged 79 years.. -,,. ,
¦nyinterment strictly private. - • •
SHEA— In this city. May 17. 1901,' Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Brigid Steele Shea,
¦ and father of- Frank T.. Will D., Mary 1 T.,
Annie B.. Margaret and Regina Shea and
' Mrs. J. B. Cantrell, a native of Cashel, Ire-
land, aged 72 years and 10 months. • (Rome
and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please copy.)
' ¦ ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, . 1422 ¦ Green street, thence to. St.
Brigld's Church, Broadway/and Van, Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high macs
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Mission streets. Kindly omit
flowers. ;.¦•¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ - .• '
TORREY— In this city, May 18, 1901, Linton
Torrey, a native of Iowa, aged 26 years.
Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the ausnices of " the Pacific
Coast 'Waiters' Association. .-. '¦¦:•-. '.' ¦.
WALL— In this city, May 19, 1901, entered. Into
«'¦ rest, Charles W., beloved husband" of Regina
Wall, and father • of Herbert and the late
Carlle Wall, a native of Munich. ¦ Bavaria. '¦
Germany, aged 48 1 years 5 months and 20
days. Late • recorder of Olympic Lodge No.
127, A. O. U. W. (Fort Wayne, Ind., Senti-
nel please copy.) ¦ ' - . . • - ¦ ¦.
{C5 r The . funeral will take, place to-morrow
"" (Tuesday), from his late residence; 21 Joice
street, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
' Golden Gate avenue, where -a requiem, mass
will-be celebrated commencing at 8:15 o'clock,
• thence to train, corner of Third and Town-
send streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ v . .
WHEELER— In this city,- May 18, 1901, Mar-
garet C, wife of the late John A. Wheeler,
and sister of Mrs. M. E. Coblelgh and Mrs.
. D. I. Newklrk, a native of New . York, aged
10 years 11 months and 22 days.:.: . ¦
IT?" The funeral services will , be held this
day (Monday).' at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. D. I. Newklrk, 2723
/ Mission ¦ street, between \ .Twenty-third and
•' Twenty-fourth streets. •* - j
* MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult, cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed.. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
gderful. simple, eure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
grfhorrhea. eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send 2 cents for
circulars. 1126 Market Et.. S. F.. Cat.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies— No medicine or
pills used; S7 years* experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure In one day; call
on a physician -with men's knowledge. DR.
POPPER, medical -specialist, 12 Mason St.,
near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1T2S Market, ladies*
specialist?: 22 years* practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn game day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1935 Market, bet. 6th
& Tth— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
¦without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
MUS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.*
successful practice: guaranteed ireatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement S42 Post, bet Hyde and Larkin.
THE MOISON CHEMICAL CO.— Send your ad-
dress to box £13S. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people »cas
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with 6tranger»
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, S06 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
t630 Market str Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
JS'Y proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
AKT amount at C<*; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate -in pro-
late; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
•flhere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Eranch 19 Third St.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pisjios; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market ft., rocm 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
. watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, S09 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
S^ on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4S1 CaUfnla.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. -THE
TOUSLEY CO.. C21 Parrott building.
OX salaries or Trapes: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGEXCY. 14» Phelan building.
5100.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome 'Et., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndcrser. MORKELL. 603 Examiner building.
MOXEY WASTED.
MONEY wanted— ?10, 000 wanted at 6 per cent.
en ample security: 6 to 15 months. WEST
COAST INVESTMENT CO.. Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTBUMEXTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novelia *65|2 Chicfcerings (like
1 Heine baby grand I new) $200
<likc new) $32S'2 Heines ?315 up i
1 Steinway S185 l Hallet-Davis ?465
And fifty others; rents 12 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes.' Agents for
famous Hallet & Davis end Heine pianos:
agents wanted. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary ret.
S117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright left
on sale. 217 Geary St.. rocm 3S.
PIANOS THIS WEEK.
The Wiley B. Allen Co.. the new piano house
et S33 Market St., will offer for sale during the
week some most choice and artistic planes for
a great deal less than what the same grade of
Instruments are wiling for in this city. We
well the Eteck. Everett, Hardman. Conover.
Ludwlg. Packard, Harrington and others;
pianos sold on $5 monthly payments: pianos for
rent and rent allowed if purchased later. THE
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. £33 Market Bt.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Eteinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, J6 per
month; come good pianos sold for S3, $4 and
E5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ftelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
•Thirteenth et.. Oakland.
ti.BO'CT the best bargain we offer to-day is a
rood toned instrument for $50: a better one
for J1C0 and lots of others at almost- your own
price; our great cash sale is still on and you
fcave until June 1 to take advantage of it: we
ere offering such very great inducement* that
no one can afford to let the opportunity pass.
RKMOVAL of KEEFFETS piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
214 Post St.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 214 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. SOS POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano: also to Inspect our
piano factory and eee how a piano is made.
Ager.t Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Spieimann pianos. > -
ABSOLUTELY! the oldest and largest house
west of r-hlcsfro is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
?* and 20 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
e!l other musical instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
Fon 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, 175. 5125, $145. eta; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickerlng. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
ApoJlo. king of eelf-players.
I CALL at our piano rooms in the Flood build-
ing- see new piano Ftock; get the price and
terms; you can afford a piano if you can buy
it right. THE J. DEWING CO.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
pianos. $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabe.
Smerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
•ap. BRUENN. 20? Post st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Large cabinet grand up-
right piano; leaving city. 219 Leavenworth.
AN upright piano; must be sold; owner leaving.
HORXUXG, 216 McAllister St..
WILL pay cash for a good Steinway or Knabe
upright. Box 4191. Call office.
CLO^IVG out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
HAVE sold 1 pltno; have another excellent up-
rlght at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo. 846 Mission.
LUDWIG pianos the mrst popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents, 933 Market st.
13 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes et.
IH7-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St., room S8. ____^—
A SMALL Chickering upright. 1125; 6 uprights,
Fecond-handed; your choice at $110. 2" t*eary.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost for a gong.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice .upright Piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla. Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLm. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
QFFICES AXP STORKS TO LET.
To let— Small store with living rooms. 2482
Mission st.. : •
LOFT. 20x70. 109 Fremont St. Apply at IPS.
LIGHT. Funny rma-r J1S to 120. Emma Spreck-
«lg H;'M'i.«, "77 Wa-V«-t vt.
OIL LANDS-
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£^v OF £fc
60 HEAD-.GENTLE WORK, DRIVING and
BUSINESS HORSES,
"Weighing KTom 1000 to 1450.
Also SPAN 1200 MULES.
Consigred by J. P. HYNES. BRENTWOOD. .
Contra Costa Co.. ¦ '¦ ''
WILL BE SOLD THIS DAY. "
MONDAY MAY 20. 1J01
' At 11 A. M.. at
SALESYARD," 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNER
. VAN NESS. ' ¦ - • ¦
- - ' -. •' . FRED.H. CHASE & CO.. -
Successors to Klllip & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard. .
'•^Lfiegnlar Weekly Auction Sale fes
TUESDAY. Hay Sit. at 11 o'clock. 1140 Folsona
street, of Horses, Buggies. Wagons and Har-
ness. S. TTATKINS. Auctioneer.
' OCEAJtf TRAVEL;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
H£w^ For Alaskan ports— li a. «-.
K^Sfek May 1. «. 11. 16. 21. 2S. 31.
l*«£rt!3iPStrfc. Juno 5. Change to company a
K£ £K4TOC3 steamers at Seattle.
Ifi^Sai Wl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fj$gftL2£?*gi1 C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
***" ¦ /^Srjgsjal and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
7~**"* u a. m.. May 1. 6, 11. 1«. 21.
9n ai tm,. s and every fifth day thereafter.
X^tiam^r^et? S&KSSrre -:
HKSsa- B G r^vo sa^t k%
d£ ('Corona O nly)-Steameri Corona.
Saturdays,^ a., xn.: steamer. Bonlta. Tuesdays.
9 For n Ensenada Magdalen* Bay. San Jofe del
Cabo MazaUan Altata, La;Pa«. flanto Row-
naancf Guaymks <Mex.)-10.a. m.. 7th each
Information obtain company's
'°ThT'company. reserves the *««.*<> £n?£
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salUny
wl TYckfe r T 1 OFFICEU New Montgonery
Bt GOOD ( Al!LrplRK& S * CO.. Gen. Agent.,
. .10 Market St.. San Francisco. _
.Pacific Coast.Steamship C6.
fa NOME
h r^fiH GOLDFIELDS.
THB STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
" ' JlWUl Bail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Compan»"a New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING- SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trip* to N«>m» l**t
year., being one of the .first to arrive £?,£:
landing all her passengers and freight without
'Tor^sengerSteTapply^C-KET OF31CK
4. New Montgomery street. •. ¦ ¦. - .
GOODALU PERKINS * <^^l^^ v
Only m*e>Um.m**±x> XjAxi* ¦***» - rj!
PORTLAND, Or., £
And Short Rail Lin© from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
" - points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
.. f • ¦ JjOTVEST :E*_A.T3i:*S.
STEAMER TICKETS WCLUDB BEBTH and XSAL3.
S3 COfcUMBIA.... Sails May 23, June 2, 13. 23
D.^y.HITCHCQCK. Gen.Agt., 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
NORTHERN . \ COpERCIAL COMPANY.
¦ •¦*-- ; .--¦•-. __iroR — : '
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And AH Points 6a Yhlion Biyer.
j;-£^ -galling Dates Subject to Change.
¦FronvSan Francisco. ' From Beattl*.
Slav 25 ......S. S. "PORTLiArrD- ;. ¦
JunelT........S. S.-ST. PAUI/\. Jane S
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 1<>
•'•CONEMATJGH" carries freight and Uv»
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticular?* apply to . , ;
; NORTHERN COMMEHCIAIj COMPANY. "
- ¦ . . : -. » 310 Sansome «t.. Saa Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE..
; NlTr T0&3L* SOTJIHAMPTOIT.' LOSDOtf, PABT3.
'.. Stopping at -Cherbourg, westbound..
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St Paul ;..'... May 29i St. Louis... .June 2S
St' Louis ..June 5 St. Paul ...July 10
St'. Paul JunelSJSt. Loula July 17
' • " " RED STAR LINE. : -
. New .York and Antwerp.^' ">:„
• From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensjngton. .... .May 29 Southwark .....June 19
'•Zeefand .........June 5 *Vaderland . .....June 28
.'¦Frlesland ......June 12 Kensington .....'July 3
' "Stop at Cherbourg, eas tbound. . ..-.=:-
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent- Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery tt.
PYOKOTKAISDA.
S TEAMERS WITJL, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
¦Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with ¦ steamers ¦•'• for
India, etc No cargo rec-ived on board oa
day of sailing. . ¦ - < - •
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May ». 1901
,SS ¦ HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22, 1901
•SS.- NIPPON. MARU..Wednesday. July 17. 1MJ
¦ Round-trip, tickets at- reduced rates. Tor
freight, and passage apply at; company's offlcs.
421 Market street, corner First.: . . ¦¦
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
4> C <£ I* A "*"*"• SAKOV""
oceawcs.s.io. bsssct
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand, and Australia..............
" . ;.';: .....Thursday, May 30. 10 a. ra.
'SS.' ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
: ...".............^.....Saturday. June 3. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
-, i Sunday, June SO, at 4 p. m.
I D. SPRECKELS k BBSS. CO., Gmeral Agents, 327 Harfcat St
Sen'l Paafflgsr OtSa, 643 Hartal St. Par la. 7, Pact; St
; PANAMA ttivsrr
;T0 HEW YtRK' VIA PANAMA -DIRECT.
' 'Cabin. $1O5; Steerage, *MO. . 1
5. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Jane 3
6. S. Argyll sails Monday, June 24
S«S. Lee'anaw. sails Mondiy, July 15
From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA0NIE GZNZBALE TKAN3ATLANTKJTJS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of *^Sfffx5»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier *2. •^"HOCa*
¦ North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 33
Broadway (Hudson. building). New York; J. F.
i FUGAZI It CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets 'sold by
all Railroad Ticket Arent». _ - .. • ¦ '.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR US. NAVY YAF.D AMD YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUE3.. " WED.. THURS. : ANTTr gAT.
it 9:43 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
dc- night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday*.
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and of flee. . Mis-
eion-st Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala 15*8.
• ' OIL. __^_
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acrc-,3 of oil land - in nine
districts. Office,. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
OIL land for sale; 640 acres: Kern County; no
middleman! C. A. WIKMAN. 109 Sutter st.
COSTA R.IC A— Last cr.ance at 10c; big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
$8 up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor Bt--, bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 661.
MME. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
. doctress. 624 Kearny st., 1 to 6 p. m.; $1.
MME GERMAINE, the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 906 Market st.
Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
lng; lessons in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 13.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blood poison. Itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
• ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 628 Montgomery St.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
ehade required. DR. FRANCES C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter st.
CHARLES M. HOEP.IDGE. left Radcllffe, nr.
Manchester, England, 11 years ago; was then
employed in Whitlcher Bleach Works, Mount
Sierra. Any Information would be gladly re-
ceived by his mother, MRS. WM. SMITH, 61
East Brooklyn St., North Adams, Mass.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology, 105 Ellis st-. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and . tobacco habit cured at
home; $5: valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. » MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk St.. San Francisco.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, J20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON kEMOS. 1117
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; Jl 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
icuring-; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SURE cure for poison oak; guaranteed: will ef-
fect permanent cure in 5 or 6 days. J. J.
COSTA. Concord, Cal.
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; prices
reasonable. S. KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor, 220
Powell st.
HARRY BOURNE— Leave address at Call of-
fice: want see you. LINTON.
PHIL— Come home; everything all right.
GEORGE.
ELLIS. 705— Private family: rooms; use of par-
lor and piano; terms reasonable.
LADIES— Free this week, scalp treatment. The
Bohemian Institute, 131 Post St.. room 3.
I PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
9 years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
CORSETMAKER and designer. M-me. J. A.
Leuenberger, 247 Geary, opp. Union Square.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 512 McAllister st. .
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
659 Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING stvies Standard patterns npw ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st..- t nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat_: electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
Ladirs* and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
W. F. MEAGHER. 131 Post, room 7, makes
shoes that fit and wear.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mfles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nited States or Canada ; one year f jr $1,
poFtage nalri ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market tt. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: see
t*stimnnlal» at office. lir,-U7 Mason, nr. TSTllw.
. PICNIC SUPPLIES |?£
ON your way to picnle or ferry call oft MOHNS
A: MOHNS. 29 Market st.. for finest wines and
liouors: hlrerst house: open Sundays. ¦
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950. Call office. S. .F.. Cal. r
REAL ESTATE CITY — -FOR SALE.
ATL^GEls*UINE~BA^lG^*N's~TN^*mi~L^Tr~
Apply A. II SPECK & CO., 6G7 Market st.
J1J0O— Eight-room house on Union st.; terms
half cash.
$1500 — Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
$1600 — Seven-room house on Broadway; a snap.
12200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter sts. ;
rents $21.
$2500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
street.
$2400 — Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3250 — Seven-room house on Leavenworth st. ;
very cheap.
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; '.near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$3600 — Store, with. rear rooms and flat above;
reduced from $4500 to make sale; near Eddy st.
$7G0O— Four brand new flats; all rented; $72;
east of Van Ness ave.
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pay about 7
per cent net.
$17, SCO — Two stores and 2 flats; no vacancy In
S years; rents $107; lot 50 T foot front.
$1S,5OO— Grand Investment; modern improve-
ments: lot 70- foot front; near Taylor St.; rents
$170: all rented.
$25.000 — Greatest bargain In city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented, and
pays ' positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
£33,000 — New improvements; rents $245; ! 60
feet front; close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
$36,000— Mission st-; 70-foot frontage; down-
town district.
$55,000 — Post Bt; corner, downtown; splendid
building: 60 feet front; paying t per cent" net:
Other bargains. • /
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
MUST be sold to close estate of W. B. ALLEN,
deceased. . •
200x120— Cor. Nineteenth ave. and Clement st.
230x120— Twenty-first ave., near Point Lobos.
25x120— Point Lobos, near Nineteenth ave.
JjOxlOO— Point Lobos, near Twenty-second ave.
R. BROTHERTON. Trustee.
Apply at VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 613 California st.
$22,000— FINE income property; 27 rooms, fur-
nished; well rented; also 3 stores. Owner,
box 3198. Call office. * . ... .
FOR sale— 3-room house, lot and barn, 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNER,
1207% Scott st. , c&c&z
A. BALDASSI & CO., 20$ Montgomery ave.'—
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people. -'
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole St.; open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
$4500— FINE 6-room house, and bath;. . good
nelghboro; healthy locality; will exchange for
water front land around . the bay In Marln,
Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa
Clara, Napa or Solano counties. Address
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^"?
G^EAV^ARaAINSilN^TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any'
¦* house in the city: rentals, $3. 'The Typewriter
• Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266."
- DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 91 (twenty
, cents per share) of the Hutchison Sugar
Plantatlon Company will be payablo at the
office of. the company, 327 Market -St.; on ami
after Monday,' May 20, 1901. - .Transfer ' books
close on Wednesday. -May 15, 1901. at 3
o'clock p.' m. E. H. SHELDON. ¦ Sec. -
_ „ PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
1 P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P., I., will
u be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be '.used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars (1100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
¦work.- .Contractor's bond will be 10. per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank ! forma apply - to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices | at New York, i Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,'
Captain. Engineers. - •¦" ¦¦•\ . . . : -
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
building. San. Francisco, Cal., April 8, 1901.—
Sealed proposals for dredging in tidal canal.
Oakland harbor, Cal., will be received here
until 12, noon. May 22, 1901. Information on
application.. W. H. HEUER, Lieut. CoL.
Engineers. . .¦ ,-\
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted/They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hav/s the same published. '
BORN. : .-. ;
BROWNE— In Healdsburg, Cal., May 19, 1901,
to the wife of Frederick D. Browne, a son.
TITCHWORTH— In this city, May 18, 1901, to
the wife of C. C. Titchworth, a daughter.
WEXEL— In this city, May 15, 1901, to the wife
of L. S. Wexel, a faon. j ...
YOUNG— In this. city, May 14, 1901, to the wife
of J. J. Young, a daughter. .
DI-__ __
; Anderson, Augusta' Howarth, Joseph M.
Barraillac, Mary C. Jackson, Mary C.
Bergmann, William Keller, John
£rau nbeck, : Peter McCarthy, Richard W
Callahan, Catherine McCormick. Sister
Corrigan, Ida C. : . Mary R.
Dullea, Catherine Qualman, Major C.
Fitzslmmons,' James . Quill, Bernard
Flanagan, Mary E. • Rithet, Edward P.
Gallagher, Edward Ross, Ann S.
Garrity, Thomas F. Shea, Michael
Giannini, John Torrey, Llnton
Graham, Rose \ Wall, Charles W.
'. Green, Emma L. . ', Wheeler, Margaret C.
ANDERSON— In this city. May 18, 1901, Au-
gusta, beloved .wife of the late John L. An-
derson, daughter of Adolph; Hedberg, and
dear sister of Mrs. G. Lindegren and Annav
Emma, Eva, Charles, . Janita and the latp
Hilda Hedberg, a native of Chicago, 111. .
[CTTriends and- acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral * this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father, 2248 Filbert street, between Fill-
more and Steinerl . Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. • " . ¦
BARRAILLAC— In this City, May ,19, 1901,
Mary Corlette Barraillac, i beloved wife of
Adolph Barraillac, and - beloved • mother of
William J., May, Charlotte and the late
Joseph Corlette,' a native of 'Lowell, -Mass.,
aged 47 years 2 months and 2 days. - v-. -
IGmemains at 508 Fulton street. Interment
private. : << ' ¦ • ' '
BERGMANN— In" this city, May 18, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Christina Berg-
maun, and father of William, Elsie, Edward,
Paul, Walter arid -Alice : Bergmann, a native
. of Germany, aged 45 years. -
BRAUNBECK— In this city, May 19, 1901, Pe-
ter, beloved husband of Jacoblne Braunbeck,
and father of Louise, Lizzie, Herman, Marie,
Ilulda and Carl Braunbeck,- and son of Mrs.
Elizabeth Braunbeck, a. native of Germany,
aged 43 years and 5 months.- \ >
CALLAHAN— In New York City, : suddenly,
May IS, 1901. Catherine T. Callahan, widow
of the late M. B. Callahan, and mother of
Henry C, Charles W., Mary E., Katherlne,
Caroline and Lily Callahan, Mrs. S. V. Petti-
grew and Mrs. William W. Deamer, a native
of Mobile, Ala., aged 71. years.
; (CNotice of funeral hereafter. < .
CORRIGAN— In this city, May 18. 1901,' Ida C.
belove^ .wife of Thomas . Corrigran. . and
mother of Thomas and Calista Corrigan, a
native of Nevada City, Cal., ag«d 38 years.."
(C?"Frlends > and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the "faneral* this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2937Vi California street. Cremated at
' Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
DULLEA— In this city. May 19, 1901, Catherine,
wife of the late Charles Dullea, and mother
of Johanna Dullea, and sister of Mrs. Jo-
hanna Hayes, a native of the parish of Ard-
fleld,' County Cork, Ireland, aged 91 years 4
months and 25 day%. . - .- .
fETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),- at 10:30 o'clock, from' her late
residence, 14 Beideman street, oft Ellis, be-
tween Scott and Devlsadero, thence to Holy I
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at -11 o'clock. Interment Mount •
Calvary Cemetery.
FITZS1MMONS— In this City, May 17. 1901.
James, beloved husband of Ellen Fltzsim-
raons, a native -of County. Meath, Ireland,
ased 71 years. • •• • ..
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), --at ¦ 8:30- -o'clock;- from-'his' late
residence, 406 Diamond street., thence to St.
• Jamea Church,- Guerrero and Twenty-third
. streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencinsr at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In San Jose, May 18. ' 1901, Mary
E , beloved daughter of the late Laurence
and Mary Flanagan, and sister of William
G George, Charles, John, Grace, Augustus
and David Flanagan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years and" 6 days. .
¦(E^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her. late resi-
' dene?,-. 1538 Guerrero street, thence to St.
' Paul's Church, Where a solemn requiem high
'mass will be celebrated for. the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— At North Bend Station, Point
Reyes Marln ' County, May IS,- 1901, Edward
Gallagher (formerly of Nicasio), dearly be-
loved husband of Catharine Gallagher, and
father of John J., Daniel W.. Edward L. and -
Patrick H. Gallagher and Mrs. R. Williams
and William Gallagher, and brother of Pat-
rick Gallagher, a natHw.bf Dublin, Ireland,
ag'ed 69 years 9 months arid 20 days.
Vt- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late -resi-
dence, thence to the Church of Our Lady of
Lourdes, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for, the repose of his soul. In-
terment Olema. • - ' - ¦ -
GARRITY— In Oakland, May 19, 1901, Thomas
F Garrity, beloved husband of Marguerite
i F* Garrity, and son of Margaret Garrity, and
brother of James and Peter Garrity and Mrs.
Elizabeth Buckley, a native of Contra Costa
County, Cal.. aged 36 years.
rryKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McManus, 844 Castro street, thence
to 'the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
' where a requiem 'high mass, will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland. \
GIANNINI— In this city. .May MS, '..1901, John
Giannini I beloved husband of .Tula M. Gian-
nini and father of Emlele,. Edward, Ray-
mond and Vincent Giannini, and brother, of
Andrea Giannini, a native of Switzerland,
aged 46 years 2 months and 2 days. A mem-
b»r of ¦ Cooks' Association - of the Pacific
I Coast and Swiss Benevolent Tlconese. (Pla-
cervllle, Cal., papers please copy.)
fcirFriends' and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 21'2 Filbert street, between Webster
and Fillmore, -• thence to Odd Fellows' - Hall,
corner of Market and Seventh streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Ophir Lodge No. 171.-I. O. O. F.. commen-
cing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel ' Hill
Cemetery- ,.-¦'" . . : .
GRAHAM— In this city, May 18, 1301. Rose
Graham, -beloved wife of the late John Gra-
: ham, a native of Ireland. .
tCTFriends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited ¦ to * attend .'the -funeral' this day
• (Monday), at 9 O'clock, from the parlors i of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239-1 Market street, thence
to Sacred' Heart Church, where a mass will
ffENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to FlannaganA Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P. DON.OVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEltS.
• 20 Fifth st... opposite Lincoln School..
. '. * ••¦, Telephone South 80.- ....
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
¦ "27 and 29 FifthBt. TeL 'South 167.
rDNEBAL?DlR2CT0a3 ANU EMflALMSBl.
m -Finest Equipment | at Rates."
aJAMBS McGinn,
Formerly 'with McGinn Bros.' 'has opened
new r Funeral Parlors at 214 . Eddy St.. : bet.
Taylor and Jones." Telephone South 676. \r ;
I- .'¦•.;; < jncAVO.>>4:/co. : .;.\v: i
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS & EMBALMEltS; I
¦ 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th: 8
/" ¦ Telephone South 247.- . ,- '. .: |
OCEAN TEAm.
I "wild goose mining and trad-
ing COMPANY. " *
: •" Passenger and Freight Steamer -
:- ; chAs. d. lane.
TELLER, i GOLOFNIN. : PORT CLAR-
• ENCE. --ETC. ¦ i .
: ¦-¦.•.. SAILS JUNE.l.'
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
senger Accommodations. ,'.".-'
B0 Tons. Cold Storage- Capacity. " •
:. This company owns' the most success-
': fill lighterage "plant at Nome,' assuring
1 safe discharge of airfreight; also owns
and operates the "Wild:. Goose Ry. - '
'• Heavy "Machinery,. Barges, Etc.- Taken. -
f CHAS.' CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market St.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE YAPORES
To' .Valparaiso," stopping ¦ at -. Mexican, 'Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf; 12 in;''--- r •¦ . - -
GUATEMALA. May 17 LOA ....'......ilJune 13
PALEN A ...... May 30 TUCAPEL .....June 27
These steamers are built expressly for. Cen-
tral and , South < American - passenger ~- service.
(No change at.AcapuIco.br Panama.) Freight
arid passenerer office. 518- California street.
r BALFOUR. GUTHRIE Gen.- Agents.rival • its predecessor, "The Idol's Eye,"
In popularity. The piece is a decided nov
elty In the comic opera line. The. plot is
unique and extremely funny, and the
music is bright and sparkling. Annie My
ers, who masquerades as the doll, .was
never better placed, and the little sou
brette scores a splendid triumph in the
very trying part. Her songs are all
catchy, and she carries every scene she
is In with cleverness and grace. Ed
ward Webb as the monkish lover has a
fine part, and plays it exceptionally well.
As the toymaker, wrapt up in his great
invention, the mechanical doll, Ferris
riartman makes an immense hit. He has
two amusing songs that are becoming
popular— "When Reuben Comes -to Town"
and "A Thing That He Never Done Be
fore." Arthur Cunningham has a splen
did chance as the leader of the monks,
and the new barytone makes a big hit in
the part. Harry Cashman, : an old-time
Tivoli favorite, plays a character part in
fine style, and he is well seconded in
the comic scenes by Joseph Fogarty as
tne count. Maggie Francis Leavy is an
amusing figure as Frau Guggenheimer,
and the small assignments, are all well
handled. The next production- at the
Tivoli will be the musical extravaganza,
"The Babes- in the Wood."
The new bill which will open at The
Chutes to-day includes Josephine Gass
man and her pickaninnies, the Gillen trio,
club jugglers; George and Ethel Wilson,
novelty dancers: the Samayoas, aeriel art
ists; Madeline Franks in new songs; little
Ruth Roland, the favorite child artist;
Frank Hall subduing, the lion Wallace,
and a series of new moving pictures, in
cluding the launching of the Ohio. • • .
The Companions of the Forest, to the
number of 150, will give a theater party at
the Central this evening, when the thril
ling melodrama "The Shadows of a'Great
City," which will run through the present
If an heiress promises to be a sister to
an Impecunious suitor he has no kick
comine If he shares equally with her
under the old man's will. '
Drowned in Lake "Washington.
SBATTL.E, Wash. , May 19.— Dr. Eugene
D. Andruss, .a prominent dentist, - was
drowned this afternoon by, ; the overturn
ing of a boat on Lake ..Washington. He
was on a fishing trip with his brother.
The body was recovered. >. The ¦ deceased
was a veteran of the Eleventh Iowa Vol
unteers and a', native - of . Ohio." . He '¦¦ Was
fifty-nine years old, and leaves a wife and
six children.. ;
"Jumps"; His Bonds.
; L. V.Perharics.was arrested at 847 Pine
street by Detective Dillon yesterday on a
warrant from St. Helena.;- Napa County,
and. he will : be v taken* to St. Helena, by
Constable Spurr. Perhancs was convicted
at St. Helena: of, a charge of petty larceny;
and was sentenced to pay a fine of $30 and
to ; be imprisoned for ,r ninety, days. H,e'
§? av e notice of appeal and was released on
$250 bonds. He jumped "his bonds,. hence
his arrest. : Perhancs • used to be a hotel-,
keeper near. Santa Cruz: The police say
he ' was accused/; together with Attorney
Warren "• B. : Josselyn, . in swindling Nina
Cardona, v a .'nurse girl, > out - of > $600 last
year. , Josselyn ,* was -: arrested on the
charge, ¦¦. but ¦¦ the • case ; was '¦ dismissed . by
Judge Conlan. ; It was at the time alleged
that Josselyn ; under promise . of marriage
got $250 and; a-i gold 'watch from the girl
and Perhancs got $400.
LOSS OF EBB LOVES
• CAUSES THE SUICIDE
San Jose Coroner Discovers the Rea
son Why Miss Whittle ,
Killed Herself. ,
SAN JOSE, May. 19. — Because of a quar
rel and the idle taunt of her lover that he
was a married man, Lola Whittle, a wait
ress, swallowed a. dose of strychnine yes
terday and killed' herself. The cause. of
her self-destruction was >' ascertained at
the inquest to-day.
For over a year the girl and Leonard
Campbell, a railroad man, had kept com-,
pany, and their affection had led 'to an
engagement. .. Several times the young
people had quarreled. When Miss Whittle
was sent for by her father, who is a doc
tor in South America, she wanted Camp
bell to accompany her. This he declined,
to do, and yesterday afternoon they quar
reled again. This time he is said to have
told her he was a married man and could
have nothing more to do with her. She in
quired of several persons if this was so,
and receiving no definite answer*; went
home and took the poison. A verdict was
rendered that the girl died from an "over
dose of strychnie taken while temporarily
insane." . ¦ ; .
week, will be produced. The theater will
be tastefully decorated for the occasion.
ItJs expected that there will be a largo
attendance from the various lodges in this
city. in. addition u to those who form the
party engaging seats.
"The First Born," which proved so pop
ular when first it was put on at th<3 Al
cazar, is on the bill again for this week,
to -follow* each evening a little playlet,
"Gloriana,'.' : ' v, '.
Chinese melodrama will thrill audiences
at- the: Grand through the medium of "A
Queen of Chinatown," in ..which a white
mission teacher is abducted and rescued.
The *third annual Henry- Miller season
will be inaugurated to-night at the Co
lumbia Theater with a fine revival of the
romantic drama "Heartsease," a play of
great popularity in this city. In which
Henry Miller has made" a most pronounced
impression by ¦ his excellent performance
in the role of. Eric Temple. The play is
of the costume order, and the dressing of
the various characters is quite picturesque
and elaborate. Some unusually fine stage
settings are promised. The play will be
given every night this week. Matinees
during the Miller season will be given on
Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Among the principals of Mr. Miller's
company this season Is pretty Grace El-
Uston, who will ;be remembered here for
her performance in the original produc
tion of ."The Only Way." In the various
M:ller productions Miss Elliston will be
cast for appearance in several roles espe
cially adapted to her style of stage work.
• Fischer's has a number of new. attrac
tions for the week, " among them being
Gladys Mlddloton and Caxita, the girl con
jurer. , .
Several new .vaudeville attractions have
been Introduced In the bill at the Olympia.
BULLET FROM A PISTOL *
ENDS ' THE CARD GAME
Employes of an Oil Company Near
Is i Wounded.
Bakersfleld Quarrel and One
BAKERSFTELD,'-: May 19.— R. Grant
Grimes shot Irving Bush in the neck this
afternoon on the Kern River, seven miles
from Bakersfleld.r Both men are employed
by the Del Rey Oil .,• Company, Bush's
father being superintendent of the com
pany. - With others, they, were spending
the day on Kern River.
Bush and Grimes engaged in a game of
cards and had a dispute over a play. Bush
Is said to have applied an opprobrious epi
thet to Grimes, who pulled his pistol* and
Bhot v him., The v- wound is dangerous.
Grimes was arrested. )
p»TTp^HE English Grand Opera Com-
I pany, formerly under the manage
1 ment of Grau & Savage, has given
IL this weeks' Orpheum bill one very
bright and extremely particular
star. The Grau-Savage idea was a big
one, but too big for present conditions,
and after a brilliant flight the English
Grand Opera Company was disbanded.
Grace Van Studdiford was one of its chief
reasons for existence. When it ceased to
be Miss Van Studdiford stepped' on the
vaudeville stage, and now not all the
Grau ducats and all the Grau pull would
take her away from the new field into
which their withdrawal in a manner
forced her. She is a Western girl, and has
to her credit one of the swiftest trips to
popular favor the New York stage ever
saw. She is handsome, has a magnificent
voice and plenty of dramatic ability, and
knows how to make friends of her audi
ences.
• • •
Another crowded house greeted the
Nellls at the California last night in the
opening of the secpnd week of "Barbara
Frietchie." This thrilling patriotic drama
of the war has caught on like wildfire
with local theatergoers, and during the
first week it was witnessed by the largest
crowds in the history of the California.
People were turned away at every per
formance last week, and on Saturday
night more than 800 were standing up.
Matinees will be given on Thursday and
Saturday and i the final performance on
Saturday night. Anthony Hope's romantic
drama "PHroso" will be the next produc
tion of the Neills, commencing next Sun
day night. i
• • • -
"The Toymaker," at the Tivoli, has
struck a winning gait, and bids fair to
One of the Features Will . Be Mam
moth March by Augmented
MONSTER ENTERTAIUTVrENT
BY LOCAI* LODGE OF ELKS
Ballet.
A monster entertainment will be given
at the Alhambra Theater on Tuesday
evening. May 28, the occasion being a ben
efit for the Elks' Home. The associated
managers have charge of the affair and
those who remember how successful these
gentlemen have been in the providing of
unexcelled talent in previous entertain
ments will await impatiently the coming
of this event. The sale of seats will open
at Sherman & Clay's music store on
Wednesday, May 22. All of the theaters
will contribute their best and the bill will
be the strongest ever presented in this
city. One of the features will be a mam
moth march by an augmented Tivoli bal
let. Lewis Morrison, the famous >actor, :
will b© the speaker of the day and Charles
Bryant will be stagre manager.
The honorary committee will" include
Morris Meyerfeldt Jr., Walter . Morosco,
Melville Marks. Alfred Ellinghouse.Selby
Oppenheimer. Fred Belasco. Joseph Gott
lob, Edward Levy. M.' E. Mayer, Mrs. Er
nestine Krelllng, Harry Morosco and Lew
is Bishop. ' . ;
The regular Elks* committee will con
sist of John Morrisey, Mark Thall, 1 J. J.
Gottlob. W. H. Leahy, A. Walterstein, H.'
H. O. Campbell, L. N. Jacobs, C. S.
Wheeler. Robert Lloyd, I* W. Harris and
C. B. Sloan. ? ¦ ; ¦ •••••
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and. neuralgia.
Druggists, BOc flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.*
> The ¦¦ remainder^ of ¦¦ the \ bill v at the > Or
pheum: for • the- week Is -unusually attrac
tive and -nearly every ¦ number , is new.
•'Verusl cures', Piles,'. or\$50 ¦reward. For
sale by; all- druggists. ¦ ,* V •
' THROWN ' FROM 'BICYCLE.— J. . Wright of
8 ' Howard • street , ran into «. sidewalk : at" Ful
ton ' and ' Fillmore streets yesterday- while on a
wheel. .He was : badly: Injured on the, head.
Dr. ¦ Morrison . treated him at the Emergency
Hospital.-.^ v.,..u.' : ;v ,:i • ¦ , . . . ¦
Sacred Heart 'Altimna.6 Reunion.
The alumnae • of the Sacred Heart Pre
sentation Convent held', their annual re
union yesterday afternoon at the convent.
The exercises commenced In the chapel at
2 :30 o'clock with • benediction '¦¦¦¦¦. of the
blessed sacrament, given by the "Very
Rev. J. e J.rPrendergast. At S o'clock the
literary and musical exercises took place
In the convent hall, where the following
programme was rendered: :
Piano - : quartet. ¦. "Hungarian Dances"
(Brahms). ; Misses J. Heffernan, C. i Nolan, M.
CyDea, H. Quigley; opening remarks, by the
president, -. Miss < May I*- Nolan; ¦¦ address ¦ , Very
Rev. J. J. Prendergast ': V. 1 G. ; .vocal solo, se
lected, Mrs. : Thomas H." - Gibson;- violin solo.
Miss Josephine Marks; -selections, Convent
Mandolin Club; .vocal duet, selected, . Misses
Montgomery; piano solo, (a) ."March Brilliant"
(Ldfizt), (b)vsolo for left hand (Nolan),' Miss
Clara 1 Nolan;, recitation. Miss Agatha Cotter;
hymn, -"Holy God," alumnae . choral, accom
panist, i Miss N. Convery- ¦ .
. ¦ : : — ¦ o ¦' — — — '¦ | - '
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
The " officers -of the alumnae are Miss
May L.. Nolan, president; Miss Lily R.
Power, ..vice president; Miss Lizzie^Ryan;
secretary; Miss M. B. Mulcare, treasurer.
-Tubs and 1 swimming. ¦ 317 : to ' 325 ¦ Bay street;
thirteen ; minutes' • ride from f Market street. *
Yosemite Valley via Santa ITe.
, The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the .Yosemite; via 0 stage from Mer
ced. .. Starting on California. Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. \ . -
Ask about it at 611 Market street. \ : •,.
Park and Beach.
It was cold and windy out. by the beach
yesterday. During the afternoon Senator
McMillan and party \ visited the Cliff
House and. viewed the seal rocks and
other attractions.
Owing to the condition of the weather
the crowds at the • park and " beach were
small. There were no i serious accidents
reported. -A. W. Young, who resides at
the Winchester House, was knocked down
by a "scorcher" and suffered a painful
laceration of the scalp. Thomas Flynn, a
steamfltter,' got mixed up in a flgnt at the
beach and .was taken to jail on a charge
of battery. .
'The crowd at the Chutes was as«larsre
as usual. The visitors kept the "pleas
ure' ' wheel, -which now seems ' to be the
attraction, going ¦ air day.
following . are the results of the con
tests at Sutro Baths: .
' Fifty-yard race — H. Schrlmp, first: T. Neils,
second. Underwater race— R. IMxon,' first; F.
Louis, second. Tub race — R-. Soil, first ;.. J.'
Lamkln, second; I.. Samuels, third. 100- yard
amateur race— Won by G. Rollins. Trick and
fancy diving— C. Kline, first prize; J. Ordway.
second prize. High diving for boys— W. Stock
ton, first prize; P. Sundberf, second, prize.
Special . fifty-yard ' amateur race— Won by T.
Wolfe. , ' .
Everybody's Business.
In yesterday's Chronicle there appeared
an article in reference to the deaj in shoes
that I have made. Will add, that this is
by all means the largest deal that was
ever made at one time by any house In
San Francisco. The shoe clerks, of which
there are twenty, have been busy since
last Thursday in placing the goods for the
opening sale, and hope to be all ready by
Thursday. This large and. valuable stock
will have to be disposed of within four
weeks. I will therefore sacrifice this beau
tiful stock for 35 cents on every dollar's
worth of goods. No one need be bashful
to attend this sale. Take a pair of shoes
home; if not satisfactory, come back and
your money will be returned to you will
ingly. This shall be. a genuine factory
shoe sale, to take place at the Bee Hive
Shoe Co., 717 Market street, near Third.
H. Lesser, proprietor. • •
SING I2T THE CHORUS,
»i"H kxt SEEK 'i'n ura PAY
Boys of Columbia Minstrel Compajiy
Looking for the Man Wio Has
the Money.
There was an incipient riot at the box
office of the Alhambra Theater last night
when the thirty . chorus boys who have
been singing with the Columbia Minstrels
there for the last j week or more called to
get their pay. There was due to each boy
$2.50, but they found the box-office locked
and dark and no one around to explain or
to pay.
According to the story of the boys they
were hired on May 8 to open with the min
strels on May 11 and to sing in the chorus
for four nights, or until the 14th. For this
they were to get $1 apiece. "When the 14th
came around the contract^was extended
to the night of the 18th and the wage was
raised to $2. payable at the end of the per
formance on the night of the 18th. When
the 18th came around, however, another
day was tacked on with two performances
and 50 cents was added to each boy's sal
ary, which was payable after the perform
ance- last nisht. -
The boys say they went -around to the
box-office last night and found only a man
who swore at them, i The company has
finished its run at the Alhambra, but it
will give a performance at the Odd Fel
lows' Hall some time this week, and the
boys are going after the box receipt* oi
that occasion.
WHAT LOCAL THEATERS OFFER
TO PLAYGOERS THIS WEEK
Grand Opera Contributes Grace Van Studdiford to the
Orpheum==fliller at the Coliimbia.
FESTIVE EAGLES
ENJOY A PICNIC
Pleasant Day, Spent by
Them at Schuetzen
Park. •
Chairman of Arrangements
Committee Banquets
Assistants.
Arrangements — Frank Dunn. Gustave Pohl
mann. F. L. Wagner, Carl- Fenther, Hans
Veroni, Paul Wichorowski, D. Becker, Gus
Holdstein and Oscar Hocks.
Reception— W. pasha. A. Brehm. G. w.
Echell. B. P. Benard, A. Collins, T. I*. Cas
neau. X. P. Larsen, T. E. Sheehan. Judge Gra
ham. Ben Jackson. H. Tonnemacher. Dr. J.
J. Keefe. Oscar Hocks. A. Cheetham, Sam
"Wolf. C. Mish, C. Wolfe. Judge Cabaniss and
Dr. E. Bunnell.
Kloor^-H. Kuhls. manager; J. Hayes and J.
Eacsity, assistant managers; E. Jewell. A.
Roseerans, A. Becker. Judge Fritz, R. L.
Flynn. C. A. Kelly. J. J. Ccnnor. C. F. Wil
liams G. F. Sand. T. Callan. D. Creamer.
J. M. Moffett and T. J. Clancy.
The grand worthy officers and the vis
iting delegates were the guests of honor,
and were once more made to realize the
breadth of Californian hospitality. Special
preparations for the event had been made
at the park and many of the buildings
xrere prettily decorated. The majority of
the guests gave themselves up to the
pleasures of the dance, but many sought
recreation in exploring the grounds or
congregating In small parties in the
grove. Several hundred dollars' worth of
gate and athletic prizes were given away.
Races were held for boys, girls, young
men, voung ladies, fat men, married la
dies, sxand officers, committee men.
and black-haired, light-haired, gray and
bald Eagles. Two bands were present to
furnish music for the occasion.
Aerie No. 5 tendered a lunch to the vis
iting officers rrn'i delegates, and on the re
turn of the merrymakers to the city
Chairman Dunn of the arrangements com
mittee- banqueted his assistants and the
grand officers at a downtown restaurant,
where many informal toasts were re
sponded to. A beautiful souvenir pro
gramme was given to all the guests at the
picnic. It contained, besides much pleas
ing Information in regard to the Eagles,
photographs of all the leading past and
present grand officers and prominent
members.
About $2000 was realized from the picnic
and this will be devoted to the building
fund for the proposed temple of the or
der.
The committees In charge of the affair
were as follows:
Delegates to the Grand Aerie of the Fra
ternal Order of Eagles enjoyed a picnic at
Schuetzen Park given under the auspiecs
of local Aerie No. 5 yesterday. More than
2000 Eagles and invited friends were pres
ent, and all agreed that the occasion. was
one of the most pleasant of all the en
joyable entertainments of the session. The
Uklah was chartered for the use of the
guests during the day, and special trains
were run to and from the park and Tibu
ron ferry.
on the Gas.
John T. M. Glootz, 60 years of age. was
found dead in a room in the Ahlborn
House, Bush andDupont streets, yesterday
morning by a bedmaker. The latter no
ticed the odor of gas. and forcing open the
door, found the body of the old man on
the bed. He had turned on the gas.
Glootz had pasted paper on the casing
p round the door and had stuffed the key
hole, showing that he had determined to
commit suicide. The body was removed
to the Mcrgue.
The old man left a note, which read: "I
am going to Augusta. John and Amelia.
Good-by." He enpaged a room at the Ahl
born House last Thursday. The family re
sides at 255 Thirtieth street, and a son,
who called at the Morgue, said he expect
ed such an ending to his father's life, as
*ince the death of a favorite daughter
about a week ago the old man had been
very despondent. He used to have a gro
cery at 1 Va*serot place, that runs off
Geary stret, between Hyde and Larkln
streets.
Commits Suicide by Turning
John T. UL Glootz, a Retired Grocer,
DESPONDENT AT LOSS
OF FAVORITE DAUGHTER
At Turn Verein Hall last night an ex
cellent programme, consisting of both mu
sical and athletic numbers, was given by
th" San Francisco Turn Verein to raise a
sufficient amount of money to enable it
to send its prize class to San Diego to par
ticipate in the "turnfest," in which all
Turner societies of the Pacific Coast will
meet in competition from June 21 to 24.
Financially the affair was a success, the
attendance being large. Quite a sum of
money was realized from prize games,
which were liberally patronized. This sum.
together with the money realized from
tU« 6S.le of tickets, will enable" the Turn
ers to send their prize class off In good
6tyle. A dance concluded the entertain
ment.
Turn Verein Benefit.
Charges Her With Stealing
Watch and It Is' Pound
' on Him.
*" - ¦¦ . " - .T ¦ -,. v ¦
.Had it not been for the thoughtfulness
of Police Officer Skein a young woman
named Belle Schneider/ wrongfully \ ac
cused of grrand larceny, would now be oc
cupying a cell in the City Prison.'
¦ Saturday night . William Myrick. ¦ living
at 231 Third street, visited a dance hall on
Pacific' street, intending to'have a "good
time," as he expressed it. After buying
liquid refreshments for 8 the young wo
man he started to leave, when he discov
ered, as he thought, that his watch, chain
and a diamond locket were gone. Meeting
Policeman Skein he told him of his sup
posed loss and accused the woman of hav
ing stolen his jewelry. Skein, thinking he
was tellins the truth, went to the danco
hall and took the woman into custody.
Accompanied by Myrick the officer took
Miss Schneider 'to the Central Police Sta
tion and turned her over to Lieutenant
Birdsall. Amid tears she declared that
she knew nothing about the supposed dis
appearance of Myrick's property. Myrick
was equally as emphatic in stating that
she had robbed him and his story was
corroborated by two friends who accom
panied him to the dance hall.
To convince the lieutenant that he had
been robbed Myrick turned his pockets
inside out, but the watch did not materi
alize. . . • -, . ¦-,!-..
As Myrick was clamoring for the wo
man's arrest Lieutenant Birdsall' was
about to order her locked up when Police
man Skein, suspecting that the story of
the robbery was untrue, started to thor
oughly search Myrick. Passing his hand
down the trousers of his left leg he dis
covered the watch hidden in the man's
stocking. Myrick tried to appear sur
prised, but the attempt was a dismal fail
ure.. Not content with finding the time
piece the officer added to the discomfiture
of the woman'3 accuser by fishing . the
chain and locket out of the right leg of
his trousers. Myrick, now thoroughly
abashed, was ordered out of the station.
The woman was at once released.
W. Myrick Unjustly Ac
cuses a "Waitress of
¦'•¦•: Robbery.
SEEKS TO HAVE
A WOMAN JAILED
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, MAY 20, 1901.
TWO THEATRICAL^ LIGHTS THAT WILL SHINE THIS WEEK, ONE ON THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE AT THE OR
PHEUM AND THE OTHER ON THE LEGITIMATE AT THE COLUMBIA, WHERE SHE ' WILL APPEAR
WITH THE HENRT MILLER COMPANY. ' '•*,.¦
10
»• BARGAINS.
f 2500 YARDS FANCY
_/ TAFFETA SILKS, in
PW £™ polka dots, openwork,
d £»% Ilj stripes, warp print ef-
: '%;:\J\r . ' feiGtSf with satin checks
Yard and hraided effects^
regular value $1.25
and $1-50 uard.
¦ f 25 PIECES- EXTRA
g^ n^ QUALITY TAFFETA
o Pit C \ SILKj ? inch , es < mei
v/W in checks and stripes?
Yard. good value for $1,00
luard,
; ¦..;¦ 20 PIECES BLACK
SILK AND WOOL FIG-
Vf>^ f\f\ URED POPLIN, good
%b[ I fill varietu of, small and
VTOHe • -medium designs, 1 en-
tirelu new fabric for
Yard. summer wear, 1 width
of goods 40 inches j reg-
ular -value $1,50 uard.
18 PIECES STRIPED
CHEVIOTS, fortailor-
•t^ti made suits, 54 inches
& 1 I SI 9 ln wWtn '- Tllese are
- new goods, dark, mixed
m color effects, with
Yard. small hairline stripes
in assorted colors] good
value for $1,50 uard.
See Our Window Display of Above Goods.
III 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POSJ STREET.
ADVEBTISEIIZNTS.
I HAVE BEEN boycotted. Bat I
HAVEX'T SEEN a. boycotter for 3
weeks.
My store Is etill open till 8 p. m.
My clerks are off at 6 p. m.
I sell up-to-date things ln men's
dress.
A eroat many people . blew them-
selves on those 25s Handkerchiefs I
offered last week at 12%c or 2 for 25c.
There are Mill a few left. You'd
better blow ln some evening: and take
a "look at them.
JOHN T. GIBSON,
"The Men's Furnisher/'
1204 Market St.,
Near 'Golden Gate Ave.
An Eoaest Man Witi Ho-iest Prices.
Your "Bosom Friend," Gibson' •
$1.00 SHIRT.
When you are pleased I ara pleased.
" and money back if you are not
pleased.
Tel. Folsom 4S8.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A MILD STIMULANT
that produces beneficial effects —
during the past thirty-eight years.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
QOLDBEBB. BO WIN > CO'S SPECIAL BATIKS BALB
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CD ;*
Mail orders
Shipped promptly — big illustrated
catalogue and -complete price list
sent free
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Co f f ev?
Pasha Blend— reg'Iy 35c Ib 2 lbs $ $C
F r u i t s
Alcalde — f ul 1 variety— 3 for C O C
reg'Iy 20c— 2% Ib can - 3 - »
Oy s t e r s
i Our choice— large can 25c
A 1 k e t hr e>p t a
. Pure chocolate— nutritious— 2OC
reg'Iy 25c can
S a f e t y m a tches
Light only on box — r doz 2 CC
Safe around children 1 D boxes J
R a i si n s
Seeded— Gold Ribbon— f O r 2CC
; 1 Ib carton— reg'Iy ioc 3 D
G i n ger
Crystallized— reg'Iy 15c box IOC
S h r imp s
Dunbar— reg'Iy I2}c can— IOC
the fresh fish are out of season
H.e-r.r in g
Holland all milchner— , g OC
"reg'ly$i-5lbpail; ; ;^g •
A n <: h o v 1 e s
Teyssonneau— in olive oil 7 re C CO
regny4°c and6 5c bottle J^ ->->"
M acker e 1
Extra quality— messed S 2 I C
\ reg'Iy $2.50— 12 Ib kit *" fc * 4 J>
R o ck a n d R ye
Our bottling— reg'Iy $1.25 bottle $1
. 1;.; Cl a r e t
V Zinfandel— reg'Iy 50c gallon a OQ
as pure as any we sell 7" -..
W.h is k y
McBrayer-ri3 year's old— $ 1 . 1.5
reg'Iy $1.50 bottle— $6 gallon CO
S;co tch whisky
Distillers Special Liqueur— £ t t r
¦ 12 years old— reg'Iy $1.50 bot • f V
Bra n d y
• California— pure— *irc acA *o
reg'Iy $1 bottle-$4 gal 7 $ ;& ai
Smelling salts
, Crown— reg'Iy 50c bottle. 4OC
Toilet so a p
Melba — large cakes— - - 4OC
reg'Iy 50c dozen 2 doz 7CC
D e n t ifricc
Vee-o-Ia* tooth paste- 2 f nt . '
regly35cjar z Ior SS e
4j2Pine a ,» Satter s8ooC«I!fomU S*aFr, a< ,i_r.
Thirteenth and Oar «fr-^ fl^/p 11 * 1
NEW BADSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
— AT—
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculists* prescrlctlona filled. Factory cm
premises. Quick repairing. Plume, Mala IX
642 Market ot. imstrumints
UNDER CHROWCU 8UM.DIN&. CATALOGUE FRCCJ
i^iNiiTi&i^r^rif!?!!
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM, 313 Markot
Street, S. F. • -
tlERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCHIFIION
, R WEAK WOMEN.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHISTSTfcLL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
X. SpeciallstcwreiBlotxl Poison, Gonorrhoea Gleet.
Stricture, Semliml Weakness. Impotence and tbeir
nllled Disorders. Boot on Diseases of Men, free,
Overa)years>xper'ence.TPrnm reasonable. Hours
9to3daily;6:30toa.30eVEs. Snnrl;iv*,iO to 13. Consul*
tationfreeand sacredly confidential. Call oraddress
P. ROSCOEMeXUl/rY.M.D.
26>£ Kearny St.; Han Francigcn. Cel-
W.T.HESS,
:. HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bid*
Telephone Brown 931
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
¦ Saa Franclaco.
DR. -CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure ol GONORRHEA GLEET3.
Sr^^^ne^UoT 10 * 0 " C ° niI>UlOUI « *
Price U* bottle. For aal» by dru«l««.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.