OFFICIALS WHO FIGURE PROMI
NENTLY ¦ IN « DISAFFECTION IN
THE CZAR'S DOMAINS. -
¦~ MELBOURNE, ;,, March 26.— Wreckage,
which ' has ; pone ashore on Gabo • Island,
near Cape ¦ Howe/, the . most southeastern
joint of Australia, causes a: fear that" the
coasting steamer ; Fed eral \ J of • Melbourne
lia* foundered with a less' of twenty-eight
lives. ... ' ,...,.-._ ._
EVIDENCES OF A j WRECK
AND HEAYY LOSS OP LITE
"Mr. . Kruger .will; sail for the United
States next month on the invitation of
the American pro-Boer committee to give
a : series / of ¦ : lectures. -" The "committee
rfopes to collect $50,000,000 "and form a vol
unteer flotilla with wliichi to -transport
mAi and ammunition to the Transvaal."
PARIS,\ March * 27.— Le Raphael gives
space this ' morning to the following re-;
markable communication from Amster
dam:
KRUOEB IS COMING
,- TO ; DELIVER LECTURES
"An American financier who is very
closeto Mr. Morgan said yesterday that
the 'boasts of certain New York news
papers that the United States Steel Cor
poration would ; close "the Ironworks of
England had a roused several i Britons to
such. indignation. that they had' written to
Mr.. Morgan In threatening terms."
NEW YORK, , March 26.— A special to
the World from London says: The Ex
press contains the . following: "It , is very
probable that Scotland Yard will be asked
to protect J. Pierpont Morgan from vio
lence at the hands of cranks when. he ar
rives in London in April. .' Threatening let
ters have. been sent to him from this side,
and many, of his London friends and busi
ness claim to know that sev
eral ultra patriotic fanatics have designs
on the man who purposes to wipe out the
steel trade of England.
CRANKS MAY ENDANGER
MORGAN'S LIFE IN LONDON
Man Who Proposes to Wipe Out Eng
land's Steel Trade May-
Need Protection.
An illicit still and a counterfeiting: out
fit were found under Holllbaugh's house.
"We planned to kill Brown for bis
money and, to burn his body. Two days
before he came we. had the fire burning,
expecting him. On the night of last Jan
uary 23. while Hollibaugh was talking tc
him in the house I shot Brown through
a window. Then Hollibaugh shot him.'
We both ran away from the house. We
heard Brown calling" us. He had crawled
into bed with a rifle and meant to' ambush
us. He died, so we came to the house the
next Hay, hitched a horse to hl3 body and
dragged It to the bonfire and then sat up
ail night piling wood on" the fire to burn
the corpse."
BUFFALO, Wyo.; March 26.-Eric Bun
ten, aged 18. and Charles E. Hollibaugh
to-day confessed the murder of Arapahoa
Brown, whose, charred bones were foun.i
early in February on a ranch. near Ar
vada, r where he had some horses on
shares with Hollibaugh. Bunten said:
Rancher Was, Shot and TT<«
Body Burned.
Young Eric Bunten Tells How the
CONFESSES THE* MURDER
OF ABAPAHOE BBOWN
in Russia take a very grave view of the
present agitation and" think It is the be
ginning of more serious. trouble. ¦
Court Instructs Concerning the Man
jsfjl churian Convention.
LONDON, March 27.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times, -wiring yester
day, says: 7
"I am informed by the best authority
that the Chinese court has instructed Li
Hung Chang to inform the . Ministers of
the powers that China has refused to sign
the Manchurlan convention And has also
notified all Viceroys to the same effect.
It is further asserted that the court seri
ously, contemplates a removal of the cap
ital from -Peking.'* ? *
CHINA REFUSES TO SIGN.
tion each afternoon at the British Lega
tion under the direction of an officer, tha
proceeds going to the soldiers. The Gov
ernment, ; if any .specific looting was
charged, would inquire into the matter.
BERLIN. March 26.— Dispatches
from Russia to se\-eral Berlin
papers, Including the Tageblatt
and the Deutsche Tagcs Zcitung,
tell of the spread of disaffection,
especially at Odessa, where a hundred ar
rests have been made; at Riga, where a
hundred persons are in custody, and at
KieSf. Kharkoff. Derpat, Tomsk and Mos
cow, where bish officials are Involved.
PLACES BLAME ON POLICE.
Hussion Minister Instructs Authori
ties to Be More Severe.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 26.-A circu
lar, issued by the Minister of the Interior
blames the police for not crushing the
demonstrations at the outset by the dis
persicn of gathering crowds. It is said
taid me police must learn where and
tvhen demonstrations are planned an3
mass their force there. Above all order
roust be. restored at any cost and the au
thorities must not fear to use the neces-
Bejry forc« and se\ - erity. The military,
the circular says, can be called upon when
firing is necessary, and the cavalry may
be summoned upon any occasion to clear
th» streets.
The Russian Authors' Mutual Aid As
sociation, founded by the Russian Lit
erary Society, has been ordered to close
its premises, owing to a protest to the
authorities during the recent riots, issued
a. ebort time ago.
A student at the St. Petersburg Univer
sity named Proskuriakoff. who had been
Sentenced to two years' military service
8nd drafted Into a regiment Boon to leave
for Turkestan; 'a woman student named
Emirnova and Lieutenant Kutness of a
tapper battalion, have been found dead
near Tamaburg, in the St. Petersburg
province. The student held a revolver
end it was evident that the three persons
had committed suicide.
PEEVENTIVE MEASURES UEGED
Czar Expresses a Desire to Avoid Fur
ther Bloodshed.
LONDON. March 26.-A dispatch from
fit. Petersburg to Reuter's Telegram
Agency says that In consonance with
what 1b believed to be the Czar's ex
pressed wish, the Minister of the Interior
has published Instructions for the authori
ties of the towns and provinces, recom
men.dlng' preventive measures against dis
turbances, as being more effective . than
severe repression after disturbances have
been started.
FBOTEST AGAINST CBTJELTY.
Noted Russian. Writers Denounce the
Acts of the Cossacks.
BERLIN, March 26.— The Vorwaerts to-
CZAB IX- A NEB VOTJS STATE.
Bussia!* Buler ' .Upset by Disturbance
-• and • Foreign ; Complications. \
LONDON, March ' 26.— The Birmingham
LONDON, March 26.— A dispatch to the
Exchange ."'Telegraph. Company from
Paris states* on? the' highe'st ' authority
that a mine has been discovered beneath
the palace of Emperor Nicholas at Tzar-
Ekoe-Selo, seventeen miles south of St.
Petersburg. ->*.»;
Several notabilities, the dispatch further
says, are Implicated -In the plot against
his Majesty. ' The Russian press was not
permitted to. mention^ the affair.
Nicholas.
Story of a Plot to Blow Up'- Czar
NEW TORK, March 26.— Vladimir Tep
low, the Russian Consul General in this
city, discussing what he termed the
"sensational" accounts which have come
to this country concerning the troubles in
Russia, said:
"I urn convinced that all these reports
are greatly exaggerated. There is no
denying that there is some rioting, but it
is not at all. serious to my mind. Who
ever is responsible for the dissemination
of such reports undoubtedly is .animated
by a desire to make trouble for Russia,
and . I believe the reports emanate - from
some of the European countries which are
not on the friendliest terms with Russia."
ALLEGED MINE 'AT THE PALACE
tries Are Making Trouble
for Russia.
Consul Teplow Says European Coun-
SAYS BIOTS ABE 2TOT SKBIOUS.
The Vorwaerts also publishes a protest
against the cruelty displayed by the Cos
sacks under Lieutenant General Klelghel,
prefect of the St. Petersburg police, bear
ing the signature of the elite of the Rus
sian literature., including men like M.
Nikolaj Michajlovio, "the sociologist; M.
Lesgas t . the anatomist, and M. Kareeff ,
the historian, as well as a second protest
of a rlxnllar character. - The '- Vorwaerts
also publishes a letter of thanks from
Count Leo Tolstoi for the ¦: sympathy
shown him by Germans of high and low
position in the matter of his excommuni
cation by the Russian orthodox church.
<3%y publishes a detailed report of the
Russion demonstrations of March 17 from
a number of eye-witnesses, confirming the
statement that those who participated in
the demonstrations included leading mem
bers of aJl classes, even army officers,
who were aroused by, the police and ad
ministrative lawlessness.
even possible with the' Boers."
" i Kruger. Still . Confident •
LONTK3N, : March I ZT.— The Amsterdam
correspondent of the' Dally Mail wires
the substance* of. an interview with Mr.
Kruger, whom he found In a "most opti
mistic frame, of mind." : " • '•.
."General. Babington's victory over
eral Delarey had: been,' Kruger thought,
exaggerated < in the : reports. '. He said * the
Maglelsburg range and • Rustenburs were
again in the possession of the Boers, and
the old guerrilla . game would
until England had been forced Into mak
ing peace ' overtures."
Zy.j i Boers 'Capture Colonials.
The Cape Town correspondent of ; the
I>aily Express reports the capture by 100
Boers of 130 . colonials in a . rocky defile
near Richmond last Thursday. He as
serts that. the coloniali lost thirteen men
before they surrendered, adding that they
were all liberated after having . bean
stripped of their arms.
The Daily. Express prints a rumor that
Sir Alfred Mllner is- dissatisfied with his
• ! "Peking,: March 26, 7 p. m.— The report
that \ China. -rejects the Manchurian con
vention^ is not true, v She objects to many,
points ,which are under discussion. ¦ .' China
strenuously: objects ; to ; the 'prohibition' of
the i importation '- of >¦ arms and ammuni
tion-Into* Manchuria 'and to "the: provision
forbidding ¦': China ; to " construct '*• her ''own
LONDON,': March 27.-^-The ¦ Reu ter Tele
gram ? Company • has " r received '. the follow
ing^ dispatch: •
Points^ in the* Treaty.
China, However, Objects '¦-. to : Many,
DENIAIj^pP BEJEOTION.
.': "Unless > this : aspect of the ' case is
grasped by the authorities," "says the ad-'
vices to the Times, "there Is a possibility^
of the war, lasting years." It is quite use
less tO; renew; peace\ negotiations. Noth
ing \ approaching as the word is
generally '> understood," will be politic ,- or
razed. Such ; action .would . be preposter
ous. - and .would be an Insult' which none
of the nations" would . care to otter to this
Government 1 ;.; ~';V
LONDON, March^.-Tl^ Pretoria and
Bloemfontein correspondents of the Times
send long dispatches admitting that Lord
kitchener's policy and operations "have
failed to achieve the results hoped for,
and pointing. out that the British public
must be prepared to return to the origi
nal " policy ]• of •occupying', districts and
studding' the country with military . posts
as the i only means of effecting complete
pacification. This process.^ the ; corre
spondents say, .will occupy much time
and necessitate Va constant ; supply .of
fresh troops. The strain on .both officers
and men has been and will be Immense,
and arrangements must be made to send
absolutely -fresh 'troops to the front; in
order to enable others to be sent
home. ; •' ; > ,<- '
qualified authority and has asked the
Government to jrive him "either & fr«e
hand or no hand." Chamberlain. Is said
to have" replied that it would not be ad
visable. to disassociate the authority of
Sir ; Alfred Milner from' that of Lord
Kitchener/ and the rumor goes that Sir
Alfred* contemplates resignation.
, "It is an open secret," says the Dally
Express, "that Sir Alfred Mllner has Ions
chafed at having Lord Kitchener a.1 hi*
elbow to check or. modify his proposal *."
What French Has Don*.
A special from Vrevheld says: General
F"rench. with " : Dartnal's and Poulteney a
columns, arrived here Monday, having
killed, wounded or captured 1200 Boers.
He has also taken several cannon,. 100O
rifles, 1300 wagons and 226.000 head of
horses, cattle and sheep.
This dispatch is regarded as giving ths
total , of General French's captures
throughout his operations. It indicates.
itherefore. the capture of an additional
gun and of additional Boers and war ma
terial. .
AMERICA'S WARSHIP AND THE DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTATIVE
WHO IS EXPECTED TO. BRING THE DEFIANT- SULTAN TO FULL
REALIZATION OF THE DIGNITY AND POWER OF TTCfCLE SAM.
LORD KITCHENER'S POLICY FAILS
TO PACIFY THE REPUBLICAN FORCES
Morocco's Sultan. Has Troubles of His
Own in righting .Tribesmen.
GIBRALTAR, March 26.— GossipN^ere
represents .thel Moors as viewing Consul
Gummere's mission as aiming at a quar
rel, which will be U3ed as.a pretext for
wresting trade concessions from the Sul-
tan. It is stated that the Sultan has.de
cided .to. resist the American demands.
None of . these reports can be substan
tiated.
- The Sulta* is now at Marrakesh, where,
it is said, he is concentrating artillery and
mobilizing his army. If this is true the
preparations are apparently for the pur
pose of crushing the Sus tribesmen and
their allies. ,
There are reports of a recent great fight
, between them and the imperial troops.
Many mule loads of tribesmen's head3
i have been taken to Marrakesh.
MAY RESIST THE DEMANDS.
New York arrived at Tangier, the State
Department immediately sent a cablegram '
to Consul GeniM'uI Gummere directing him
to board the . New, York at once and ; go ;
forwajd - on ¦ hlsj- special mission.^ Some : .. .:
.thlnB^iSjleft^toJGummVrV's^lscretlohias^i 1
'. to '; the i execution of the': details,': and -it = is ' .
'forjhim to ; say t whether he will ,be satia-,
fled if the Sultan arid court meet him half
way; at j Mazargan/ or ' whether 'he will
proceed,' according' to the original pro
gramme, directly . to . Morocco ' City. It
probably will make no difference In prlp ¦
ciple. provided the necessary explanations
are afforded for the treatment our Consul
has received and provision be made . for
settling the claims.. These are not. very .
large in the aggregate; \ probably $60,000 .
will cover them" alU* or less 'than half qp * .
indemnity . that was "summarily collected
by Germany a short time ' ago , on < a pre- j
cisely similar; ciass of claims.'. But It- can : ,
be stated that if the court does not appear .;
at Mazargan by "thethird week- in April, g
then Consul General Gummere will go to
Morocco City.
American Consul General Is Escorted by the Cruiser
New York in Order to Hiumble the Haughty
but Discourteous Court.
HIGH OFFICIALS INVOLVED
IN GROWING DISAFFECTION
THROUGHOUT CZAR'S REALM
Fury of the People of Russia 5eems to Have Been
Increased by the Many. Arrests Th^t Are
Constantly Being Made.
,'¦¦ No -• information i has .been received 1-by
the State Department confirmatory of .the
report ;that ). the"? Ministers \ in ; Peking; are
considering the proposition to" exclude the
United ¦ States! from • the/discussion 1 in re
latlon'; to 'stations ' to ; be" selected " f or *. for- 1
elgn ' troops" and ; the fortifications .* to "be'
The sensational assertions of ;Mr.;Mat
sui,' the Vsecretary of legation
in London, this"; morning, predicting ; that
the' 'signing of ; ; thej;Mahchurlan : conven
tion-will ; be followed by war, will,' it" is
expected .here, ' be* brought : by v Russia i to
the ' attention-,' off Japan, : 'and she* will , be
requested: to- disavow
Matsui May. Be Called Down.
An authority expressed the opinion that
when the -convention is made public, it
will be found to contain nothing prejudi
cial to American ; interests. - Prior, to the
trouble in China,;; Russia was granted
certain rights respecting the construc
tion of railroads,' etc.; ¦ in northern prov
inces^ and they will __ probably only be
reconfirmed.' He*, was 'emphatic in his
conviction 'that when the powers with-'
draw /the ! Russian; troops will retire to
Russia" and Manchuria ; will be restored
to China. . .'
• Japan, ¦ the only^' power whicVhas shown
a disposition to goto the extent of lodg
ing a : protest against the '. Manchurlan
convention! has hot Informed the United
States "what policy she proposes to pur
sue, but ; the fact that she has not been
more vigorous in her opposition to the
signing of the treaty : rather Indicates to
the authorities ;that she contemplates
taking other ¦ measures. These will prob
ably, deal ? with ; the province of Fukien,
opposite Formosa, which . ', is included
within her ./sphere of .v influence. V Ger
many's interests v lie/ in - Shantung, Carid
England's } In Yangtse Kiang Valley,
though for several -weeks past diplomats
have ' been : suspecting German designs
upon the latter section of , the Chinese
empire.
Japan's Sphere of Influence.
' The authorities are confident that the
two conventions will be signed, basing
their belief upon the fact ' of their nego
tiation by Chinese envoys,
in accordance with instructions from tho
Emperor.
Up to the close of,offlco hours to-day
Secretary ' Hay- received ¦ no j word from
Peking or St. Petersburg asjto the sign
ing of the treaty. The State: Department
understands that ; two* conventions are to
signed— one in Peklng*relating; to civil af
fairs>in Manchuria, and the; other in Si
Fetersburg : regarding military ? control,
wheh covers a period until the withdrawal
of the Russian troops.
"The United States [cannot afford to go
to war over the* Chinese ;, question," a
member of the .Cabinet: said this after
noon. _ ''The country^ would ; not support
the President In any\ such policy. - A pro
test cannot be . made -unless ; the; Govern
ment : proposes to .vigorously support it.
Finally, ¦¦ the United • States -cannot join
any. power or any group 'of powers In the
enforcement of a policy. ¦; Independence
of action, must .be maintained." '
Policy JHade Public.
--To: further^ explain Hha
United States and to -show the world the
extent this Government . has gone In en
deavoring to preserve "the ? integrity, of
China, the' President. • after the Cabinet
meeting to-day) authorized Secretary Hay
to make public his circular to the powers,
sent through representatives of th«
United States at various capitals, and,
dated March 1, embodying the memoran
dum handed to the Chinese Minister un
der date of February 19. The circular
states that the preservation of the terri
torial integrity; of' China having been
recognized by all powers, it would be un .
wise and dangerous in .the extreme for
China to make any arrangements or *•>
consider any proposition of a private na
ture involving the surrender of territory
or financial obligations by a convention
with any particular power. . .-
-The United A States \ will' not ' protest
against the . Manchurian' treaty. This was
determined upon' at a f Cabinet meeting to
day. ItsVpolicy^wiil'i'dgperid to a large
extent upon "'the proyislgjns" of^the conven
tion. If- Great Britain, Germany ami
Japan use the convention as a pretext for
the partition : of Chlna||the President and
Secretary Hay :wiir take* measures for the
protection of American? commerce by the
preservation of the: '.'open door." ''-;¦.
It ; is : evident ': that;" so/ far as^ Germany,
is concerned, she" ; is .willing jthat Russia
shall, even go; as if ar \ as to acquire".Man
churia, byt she stands ready to use- the
Manchurlan treaty as a pretext for action.
Great Britain and Japan are . prepared to
act in accordance with 'tlie. third clause of
the Anglo-German I agreement ,to which
the Japanese Government adhered.
CALL. BUREAU, -1406/G ; STREET, N.
W.. . WASHINGTON^ MarchV ; 26.— Great
Britain, Germany arid ; Japan \ have given
notice to the United States" that they will
regard the 'signature' ; of the Mancburian
treatyas freeing'theini^ffom*the'obliga
tions they, assumed last summer to'* pre
serve the integrity of 3 China, and \ that
they,. will proceed , to consider such;meas
ures for the protection iof : their interests
as. they "may deem "advisable." """ ""." ."'" ¦
Special Dispatch : to' The Call.
Afflejpic^lPl^Protestj M
¦to See|tbPres8T7e Open :
' Door in (Mha:
Bntain^ Germany and
Jap Give Due
Notfe;
THREE POWERS
READY TO ASK
FOR PARTITION
GUMMERE GOES TO DEMAND
AN APOLOGY AND INDEMNITY
FROM SULTAN OF MOROCCO
' VOLUME LXXXIX-N O. 1 17.
PRICE FIVE CENTS*
t SAN FRANCISCO; VMARGH 27, 1901.
British. Government Has * No ; Knowl
* edg-a of the Auction of Plunder.
LONDON, ¦; March : , 26.— Replying '-. to a
question in the House of Commons to-day,
' Lord HflLmllton^ Secretary for In-.
j dla, . said the .had no 1 knowt
[ edge •- that . the - chief : ordnance ", officer on
theYstaff jof ; GeneraJ\ Chaff ee had i made a
statements to .the effect that' the H >British
troops-; in -China • looted openly .and sys
tematically and Tsold ; the' plunder af auc-
WILIi INVESTIGATE LOOTING.
. "China does not .desire to grant a con
cession- which would be likely to prove
an embargo -. to . other ; powers." ' , . ... _ .
railways without Russia's consent She
also takes exception to : relinquishing
autonomy ;In*"Chinchou.. ,
Post, which is closely fin touch with Jo
seph Chamberlain, * says, news received ' In
high quarters In London indicates that
the Czar is in a nervous state, owing, to
the 'condition of political horizon. .It
Is said that; he fears , the result of the
policy of his in the Far East,'*
while; the student troubles and threats
against his life, of . which there; are more
than have been published, have completely
unnerved bis Majesty. -His medical ad
visers have strongly counseled a yachting
cruise, but the Czar has ' refused ¦ to fol
low their advice. Those' behind the scenes
ANGIER," Morocco/ March 26.— The
I : crul ? e Tr New/ York, _ which": Is to
II convey V United States Consul
'%¦-,/ Gununere^to / Mazargan. in .con
nection .iwith the settlement of
claims against Morocco, arrived here to
day. ; %J';''^ : O"- ¦'¦'-'/-• ' ¦ . -.. •
Consul ¦ General Gummere says . he In
tends to^have ' a' definite settlement with
thej Sultan .. of Morocco concerning all
American .claims and will : demand an
apology for the discourtesy of the Moroc
can Grand Vizier and Minlsterof Foreign
Affairs.^;-,
WASHINGTON, March 26.7-Upon belnsr
advlscil by the Navy Department that the;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Send no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop.Racine.Wls , <
box 137,for six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic'
Ctr.e.exr.paid. If cured payJ3.S0. If not.lt is free*
If You -Have Bheumatlsm
and charced with the killing. He was
hurried to Houston on the first train
Branch is a prominent attorney of South
Texas.
LIBKRTY. Teias. March 26.— W. B.
Duncan and his father-in-law, W. F.
Waul, were shot and Instantly killed to
day. A difficulty started between Duncan
and Thomas Brancb, and Waul and
¦\Vhartori Branch, father of Thomas
Branch, interfered. Duncan and Waul
were both shot through the heart and died
instantly. Wharton Branch was arrested
Four Take Part in an Arg^ument and
Shots Are Fired, Resulting
Tragically.
TEXAN GUN FIGHT ENDS
IN DEATH OF TWO MEN
Will Build to Helena.
ST. PAUL, March 26.-A special from
Bowdle, S. D., „ sayjs : .A , full 'corps , of en
gineers and surveyors went to Evaixts to
day^ This fact is believed fully to justify
the reports in railroad ' circles that the
Milwaukee: and «8t. Paul will • build . to
Helena, Mont., this season; work to begin
at : once,- or as soon as the surveying ia
completed. . , . ,?
Chinese Minister 111.
ST, PETERSBURG, J March :26:--Yang
Yu '_ Chinese Minister to ; Russia, Is seri
ously ill.- . -. . «..-,..<¦;,.- . -....- ¦-* ¦ ..;
-LISBON. March 26.— A religious riot has
occurred in Setubel, eighteen. miles south
of -Lisbon. Troops; were called out/ Sev
eral persons were wounded and 1 It Is ru
mored that some were killed. Order was
finally restored. ,
and Wounded in Disturbances*
South of Lisbon.
Rumored That Several Were Killed
SPANISH TROOPS QUELL ¦
RELIGIOUS RIOTERS
Captors Pursue Him but Youngster's
Cries "Attract -Help; and They
Drive 'Away.
"WILKESBARRE. : Pa. , - March 26.— A
daring attempt was made to kidnap,Ed
ward. McAvoy, aged 11 years, of this city
to-day, v Two irien, picked him up In the
yard of his father's 'house,'' carried -him to
a surrey, placed aihandkerchief saturated
with chloroform oyer .his nose and drove
away. The child became unconscious, and
when he revived he found himself on the
back seat of .the .vehicle,' which was then
Jarring over a country road. . - ' * ,.=
! Young McAvoy Jumped from 1 the' car
riage. One of the men ran after him, but
the youngster's cries , attracted the atten
tion of the occupants of another carriage
which was passing, and the kidnapers,
..becoming, scared, whipped up their horses
and disappeared. ¦ • .
KIDNAPED BOY LEAPS
FROM BUGGY* AND ESCAPES
"tally Unbalanced. , . , ; rc -;
HELENA, Montr March 26.— Mrs. J. E.
Toteman" died . here as the result of, mys
terious poisoning. With four members of
her family she was stricken while dining
Sunday. /*The ' others recovered, but she
steadily grew worse, death resulting in
the 'greatest agony.. . iL '
¦ A celery soup, served during the meal,
Is supposed to. have contained the poison.
The servant who prepared ' the soup is
no w - in : the . hospital suffering from ner
vous prostration and it is - believed that
while temporarily unbalanced she put
poison Un the 'soup: Mrs. Toteman was
the wife of the superintendent of the Big
Blackfoot Milling Company. . .
Confesses a Murder.
HOOD RIVER. Or.; March -26.— William
Green was arrested to-day on a charge of
murdering" E. V. Benjamin.' who was killed*
early > Sunday morning ¦ by ¦ a, shot fired
through a window. Into a ballroom! - Green
was arrested near,: the -home of -Wendorf.'
where i the dance, was ¦ held, and made no.
resistance /¦ when ' the Sheriff approached
him. Green admits that he flred the shot.
He was i taken to The. Dalles to-night and
to-morrow he will be placed In the Clark
County Jail at Vancouver, •
Servant,' Who Prepared Dish From
Which Mistress Died Is Men- ¦ :¦?•¦
DIES IN AGONY AFTER
• EATING POISONED SOUP
Will Publish It in Conjunction With
Times-Herald Under Title of
Record-Herald.
CHICAGO, March * 26.— An editorial in
to-morrow's Record, over the name of
Victor / P. . Lawson, will say In. part: "I
have sold the Chicago Record to Herman
H. Kohlsaat. who will hereafter issue it
in conjunction with ' the Chicago " Times-
Herald under 'the title of the' Chicago
Record-Herald.". -In connection with the
above H. H.' Kohlsaat to-night issued the
following . statement: "The Times-Herald
on .Thursday • morning 'will bfecome \ the
Record-Herald. : Frank B. Noyes, pub
lisher, of the Washington Star and presi
dent of the Associated Press, has acquired
an inter«st in the Record-Herald and will
be Its publisher,- H.H. Kohlsaat devoting
his entire time to the . editorial conduct
of the Record-Herald.'.'
KOHLSAAT NOW CONTROLS
THE CHICAGO RECORD
has again raised ..the standard of revolt
against Turkish rule in .Yemen, one of the
principal divisions of Arabia. '
• The village near Monastlr, which It was
announced yesterday had been burned;* is
named Kuprek. One hundred and seventy'
houses in .the place axe reported to have'
been destroyed .by. the, marauders and a
number of the. Inhabitants, who are made
up of : Mussulmans and" Bulgarians,- are
said to have been killed. ( *
.... _ . •
Sheikh Hamid-*d-Dit Leader in Re-^
* bellion 'Against Sultan in Divis- ":.
: ion of Yemen.
CONSTANTINOPLE, March •> 26.— The
well-known Arab, \ Sheikh Hamld-ed-Dtt.i
ARAB FLAG OF REVOLT *
VbAISBD * AGAINST V TURKEY
OTTAWA, Ont.. March 26.— The officials,
of the Finance Department admit that the'
picture on the face of the new Canadian
$4 bills Is that of the American "Soo"
lock.
The Finance "Department sent to Mon
treal for a picture • of the Canadian lock
at the Sault. In reply they received a pic
ture of the American lock and used It.
The officials say they were misled by no
ticing the Canadian Pacific steamer Atha-!
basca in the lock and assumed in conse
quence that . the picture was all right..
The Department of Railways and Canals
was not consulted in the matter.
the Sault.
Finance Department Gets and Uses
Wrong Picture of Structure on
CANADIAN GREENBACKS
SHOW AMERICAN LOCK
French Chamber of; Deputies "Will
Hear Play Read and Judge
Its Morality.
PARIS, March 26.— The Chamber of Dep
uties is soon to have a novel experience.
A comedy which has been condemned by
the censor as immoral will be read in. its
hearing. During the last few months the
censor has been unusually active. A num
ber of plays have been refused by him
and three have very recently been con
demned. This has led to some outcry
against the censor.
Jean Drault. a playwright and newspa
per man, has been notified that a comedy
which, he recently submitted to the censor
has been rejected, and a friendly Socialist
Deputy, Charles Bernard, who has taken
the matter up, 'announces that he will
bring the subject before the Chamber, as
he understands that the charge of immor- 1
ality is a mere pretext for rejection, the"
real reason being that the comedy scath
ingly critiqjzes the Cabinet.
- M. Bernard intends to read the play be
fore the Deputies that they may have an
opportunity to judge. In this he will be
seconded ,by Joseph Laies, anti-Semite,
who will Interpellate the Government on
the method of choosing censors, whom he
intends to arraign as lacking literary ca
pacity. ¦_, . - - _ ¦-'
CENSOR'S RULING CAUSES
PROTEST FROM AUTHOS
CONNELLSVILLE," Pa.; March 26— Tho
Cottage State Hosoltal here was a corn
dor of horrors last nlsrht and j all day to
day. On nine cots lay nine victims of the
explosion of gas in the Gates mine of the
American Steel and Wire Company;-"AH
the men in the explosion inhaled more or
less of the flame , when ' the gas was ig
nited, and. to-day none could speak,"' their
vocal chords . being; - powerless r from • the
scorching. This evening : James .Wilson,
one of the English-speaking victims, died.
He was frightfully' burned ; about, tho
head, face, arms and ¦ shoulders., v- James
Murphy is dying. .Ther« is no hope what-*
ever for, his surviving the night. '.Wilson
Fillmore Is also on. the verge of death, as
well as two Slavs, Michael Slloka and
George Pekisce. v' •. • <
Terrible Scenes Around Deathbeds of
. . Men Who Inhaled Living . \
Flames. ¦ . ¦
GAS VICTIMS' HOSPITAL
CORRIDOR. OF HORRORS
House was crowded this afternoon; th©
occasion being a public meeting under the
presidency of the Lord'» Mayor, Frank
Green, to consider, . the .best means of
launching the movement to erect a na
tional memorial In honor of Queen,.Vic
toria. A. J. Balfour, the Duke of Norfolk,
Sir William Vernon Harcourt and Joseph
Chamberlain were among those' present.
Letters were read from Lord Salisbury
and Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman-ex
pressing regret at their absence owing to
indisposition. A communication was read!
from King Edward contributing £1000 to'
the fund and expressing . the hope that
sufficient money would be forthcoming
to erect a lasting and worthy memorial to
the great ' Queen, "my beloved mother."
Other donations announced included • that
of the corporation of London, £5250, and
from various sources £5000. ,
Public Meeting Held to Decide in
What Manner to Xaunch the
Movement. "
LONDON, March 26.— The Mansion
Fierce Seas and Terrible Gales Dam
age and Delay the Steamer
La_Grascogne.
NEW YORK,' March 26.— Battered by
fierce seas and tossed about .by torrinc
gales, the French line steamer La Gas
cogne arrived to-day from Havre; forty
eight hours overdue. The liner left Havre
on March 16, and until March 20 had very
tine weather. On the morning of the 21st
the wind came up from the northwest and
the gales lasted throughout the following
three days, and several times the steamer
was obliged to turn tall and run before
the fury of the blast. ' ¦ . "
Great seas broke over the starboard side
with enormous force, the lifeboats on the
upper deck were wrenched from the
davits and smashed, the davits being bent
almost double. Two of the liferafts were
lifted bodily from the- upper deck' "and
dropped down upon the upper structure,
smashing ekylights and ventilators. The
rafts were stove In many places and dam
aged beyend repair. Fortunately none of
the passengers were hurt.
iJoNDON CONSIDERING
VICTORIA'S MEMORIAL
ATLANTIC LINER DOCKS
AFTER STORMY VOYAGE
The object of the association ia to erect
a monument to the Hirschs and eliminate
racial prejudice and religious Intolerance.
Many Hebrews cs well as Chinese wer-i
present.
The Dastor of the church. Rev. Dr. T4.
G. McArthur, appeared on the platform,
accompanied by Wu Ting Fang, the Chi
nese Minister, and the ether speakers. »
After the singing and the reading or a
scriptural lesson by Dr. McArthur and
prayer by Rabbi Silverman, Mr. Jame*
made an address. A letter of regret w.n
then read from President McKinley and
one from Vice President Roosevelt, both
of whom heartily Indorsed the object of
the meeting. Mr. Roosevelt made a
strong plea for religious toleration.
NEW YORK. March 28.— A public
meeting under the auspices of Baron and
Baroness de Hlrsch Association was held
to-night. in. Cal vary, Bapti3t Church, thU
city. The attendance was large, not
withstanding the bad weather. Ex-Post
master General Thomas L. James pre
sided.
nate,; Racial Prejudice and Be
li^ious Intolerance.*.-.;*
Meeting to Discuss Plans to Elimi-
TO ERECT MONUMENT
TO THE HIBSCHS
The prospect to-night is regarded as un
favorable to any sort of agreement or the
election of either Senator befdre the ex
piration of the legislative session at -mid
night Thursday. - During the day a num
ber of conferences were held, the most
Interesting being that In Governor Die
trich's ottice between the caucus bolters,
the Governor and a number of party
leaders. It failed of the purpose of in
ducing the bolters to Join the majority.
The caucus adjourned shortly, before mid
night, subject to the call of the chairman.
The communication of the bolters was left
unanswered after a motion to denounce
them and their advisers as traitors to the
party had been, tabled. .:'. :
5 LINCOLN, Nebr..*March 26.— Fifty-three
Republican members of the Legislature
to-night went Into what is believed the
last Senatorial, caucus held on the long
term vacancy. From 8 until 11 o'clock
balloting was steadily maintained without
a domination. There was a falling oft In
the vote for Edward Rosewater and a
gain, for George Melklejohn. The 11
o'clock ballot resulted: Rosewater 27,
Melklejohn 20, Currip 7, Baldridge 1.
During the balloting a^-communication
was 'received from the nine men who re
fused to enter the caucus. In effect the
bolters agreed to abide by the decision of
the caucus if it would undo th© work of a
week ago and nominate . any two men,
eliminating the name of D. E. Thompson.
There were other propositions, which
were not disclosed. The caucus at 11
o'clock took a recess to consider the com
munication.
Many, Hours, , of Balloting
• Steadily Maintained but
"No Nomination.
FINAL LONG TERM
VACANCY CAUCUS
WASHINGTON, March 26.— The Coast
and Geodetic Survey steamers Pathfinder
and MacArthur at San Francisco and the
Patterson and Gednoy at Seattle are now
fitting up under orders to proceed to
Alaska to survey important passages
among the islands along the Alaskan
coast. The existing charts are based on
old Russian maps, corrected from time to
time by reconnoissance surveys made by
the. coast survey. Navy Department, rev
enue cutter service and the Fish Commis
sion. The men on. theiflrst two steam
ers will survey anl chart the Akutan and
Unimak passages in the Aleutian Islands.
These vith a -minor passage constituta
what is known as the Fox Island passage,
which forma the important thoroughfare,
"for all shipping to Cape Nome- and the
Yukon mining rejlcn. 7.
The Patterson and the Gedney sOrtreyors
will work in. Cross Sound -and Icy Strait,
which Jorm the exit from- the Alexander
archipelago; "through " wnfch-" passes ¦¦ all
shipping taking thei 'inside route for
Alaska. Another party which sailed on
the 25th inst. will continue the surveys in'
Prince William Sound and will develop
especially valuable navigation work in
the Valdez arm of the sound.
Important coast ' and geodetic survey
work is progressing In other quarters.
Rapid advance is being made In the Phil
ippines with the co-operation of General
MacArtlmr and the Philippine Commis
sion. In Porto Rico five parties are-now
at work delineating the hydrography and
topography of. its shores. The survey is
about to publish ' several local, harbor
charts of the Hawaiian Islands which
were surveyed recently.
Four Vessels Fitting Out to
Sound Little Known
Northern Straits.
WILL SURVEY
ALASKA WATERS
The storm seems -to have lifted after
leaving Birmingham, and, except for giv
ing Huntsville, Ala., a slight touch, did
not make itself felt until It passed over
into Georgia. At Chambers, Ga., near
Rome, a railroad- station was blown Into
a. creek and washed away. At Rounse
ville a big flouring mill was destroyed, to
gether with many bushels of wheat. The
handsome residence of the Rounseville
family was wrecked, but no one. was in
jured.
The tornado struck Buena. Vista, Ga., at
4' o'clock in the afternoon. The young
child of J. D. Harrell was killed, as was
also a negro girl; The home of the Misses
Woodall was wrecked and the two occu
pants seriously injured. At Carterville
lightning struck a schoolhouse, killing two
children. ' '.
Mrs. H. H. Thomas and W. P. Dickin
son, Who are at St. Vincent's Hospital,
are in a precarious condition. Sarah
.Brpwn. \a colored woman, died from
irlght. , / % ; ¦ , ' ' . ' ¦ .x ¦
J. "Alexander, rjhe . ¦Tner/ihRnt reported
killed yesteraayiTwas only severely in
jured. He 'crawIeU out of the rums im
mediately after the storm and managed
to reach home.' In the ruins a body, very
much disfigured .was found and it wa3
tnought to oe his, but it was ascertained
that the dead man Is J. C. Cuyump, a
German, who was in the store making a
purchase when the cyclone struck.
To-day's beautiful weather was appar
ently an incentive to active effort and the
storm, stricken district, presented a 'busy
scene. Everywhere furniture and house
old effects were being carted off, roofs
were being patched and chimneys, built.
Linemen were gathering up masses of
tangled wires and housewives were hang
ing out blankets, bedding and clothes to
dry.
The saddest feature of the day was the
funerals, that of ¦ Mrs." Robert - J. ¦ Lowe
and child taking place this morning from
a neighbor's house. The house was crowd
ed with men, women and children an.l
every eye was wet. The young mother
will be ourled with her baby in her arms.
The bodies were taken to Athens, Ala.,
where Mrs. Lowe was born. ' The relief
fund is growing rapidly, over $4000 having
already been received. Mayor Drennen
authorizes the statement that the suffer
ers are not In need of outside contribu
tions. The property loss Is placed at
$300,000. > , , / .
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March 26.— Under
the harmonious working of the State mili
tia and the local police force much order
has come but of yesterday's chaos, fol
lowing'the fatal storm which swept por
tions of this city. A careful revision of
the. death list places- the total number of
dead In Birmingham and vicinity at
seventeen. . ",'/ ; - ..
Thirty-live persons were ¦ more or less
seriously hurt, but', their number is being
augmented "by the' -addition of many
names of- persons who were slightly
urulsed in their marvelous escape from
death. , -
StrickenBirminghamWorks
to Repair Damage Left "x
iirCyclone's Wake.
ORDER COMES OUT
OF RUIN'S CHAOS
COLUMBUS, March 26.— The Supreme
Court to-day dealt a death blow to
the so-called debenture business In Ohio.
In the quo warranto proceedings brought
by the Attorney General against the In
terstate Investment Company of Cincin
nati, the court entered judgment of
ouster. The decision is based upon the
finding of the court that the methods
employed by the debenture • companies
are those of a lottery: that /they are
fraudulent, contrary to public policy and
unlawful. Five of the six Judges concur
in the judgment, and the sixth, .Judge
Shauck. does not dissent.
Assistant Attorney General Todd, who
has had charge of the case for the State,
said to-day that in his belief the nine
debenture companies of Ohio will attempt
to do no further business. Applications
for receiver* for most of them have al
ready been made.
The companies' aggregate deposits in'
the State Treasury, now -amount to about
5539,000. According to their own reports
the aggregate liabilities to debenture
holders amount to approximately $2,000,
000. The assets claimed by the
corporations, other than the deposits with
the State Treasurer, amolint to about
$300,000.
Supreme Court's Syllabus.-
The syllabus of the Supreme" Court In
the case is as follows:
Contracts of Investment security, deben
tures or certificates which, by the device of a
•numeral part." may, be called in and re
deemed at any period before they would reg
ularly accumulate a credit In the reserve
Ivnd equal to the stipulated endowment
value- and otherwise jrlvlng unequal advantage
to the certificate holders contain elements of
chance and prize constituting a lottery and are
wlawful.
<Jbatrmcts of Investment security, debentures
cr certificates which cannot reasonably be ex
pected to "accumulate a sufficient reserve fund
-to equal 'the stipulated endowment values
within the staled period without aid from
lapses or appropriation from premiums on new
-tijs1ni?a» - are - fraudulent.- contrary to public
1'ollcy and unlawful.
A comprehensive review of the court's
reasons for reaching its conclusion that
the business of the debenture companies
is fraudulent is presented in the opinion
prepared by Judge Davis. The court
says :
Reasons for Judgment.
The question here Is not whether the pro
moters of the defendant company have inten
tionally devised a scheme to mislead and de
fraud, but -whether that is the effect of it. The
I.romoters and the investors may be self-de
luded or satisfied to take the chance offered,
but that does not altar the character of the
scheme. If the company is misusing its cor
1-erate privileges in such <t way as to be a
public abuse the writ must issue, regardless
of the intent.
An inspection of the different classes of
"accumulative endowment certificates" Issued
tc '• the defendant discloses that in none of
them does a certificate absolutely and certain
ly mkture within any fixed and definite period,
yet the certificates are all so drawn as t.o cre
ate the expectation and to make it appear
that they will mature 1n a period of 120
months. With all the light which we have
received from counsel and other sources we
have been unable to persuade ourselve« that
the credit -to any of these classes of certifi
cates In the reserve fund or the reserve or
tontine funds will equal the endowment value
vlthln the stipulated periods without the aid
of lapses or the apportionment of dues de
rived from new business. Indeed, it is almost
eclf-evident that with 75 or 80 per cent of the
premiums received consumed In expenses and
monthly redemptions the reserve credits could
rot equal the endowment value in several
times the periods stipulated. In other words,
20 or K per cent of the premiums, with its in
terest earnings alone and unaided . by lapses
or the appropriation of money from premiums,
received for new business, will not sufficiently
cccumulate to equal the represented endow
ment value in the stipulated periods. A
scheme which can succeed only by lapses is
manifestly a scheme which will enrich some
at. the expense of others who embark In the
t.atne enterprise. The percentage of 'afrses
varies with different companies and at differ
ent times wilh the same company. Shall this
fallacious and uncertain - element, which has
thus been in so large a measure eliminated
from legitimate business methods, be encour
aged' to rcapnear and to delude the inexperi
enced and the unwary? We cannot conceive
it to be our duty to lend euch encourage
ment.
Cincinnati Takes Action.
CINCINNATI. March 26.— Following the
Supreme Court decision against the Inter
state Debenture Bond. Company Judge
Pfleger to-day appointed M. G. Helntz arvl
F. R. Williams receivers of the concern.
The assets on the outside -will not exceed
$175,000 and the liabilities may reach $300 -
O00. possibly more. If, as said, the com
pany is liable for unly Its 4 per cent re
serve the debts will be less than the as
sets. But if the company is liable for. all
the money that has been paid in the debts
will accumulate rapidly. The concern has
1900 policy-holders, scattered all over the
country. *
Later In the day the Superior Court
granted injunctions against the National
Investment Company, the United States
Investment Company and the Germania
Bond and Investment Company from do
ing business in Ohio. These debenture
companies are operated under the same
law as the Interstate Company, which
was ousted at Columbus by the Supreme
Court to-day. The announcement of th<»
proceedings In court here to-day created
quite a sensation as there are about 5000
debenture holders In Cincinnati. Notices
were-seiit out early In the day for a mass
meeting' of the; local debenture holders
this evening, at which about 300 Indignant
bondholders were present.' Resolutions
were adopted charging that a conspiracy
of insurance companies was responsible
for the prosecution of the debenture com
panies/ A committee was appointed' to
devise- and eecure plans for a rehearing
of the test case in court-
Attorney General's Action
Results in Victory for
the State.
OHIO DEBENTURE
CONCERNS LOSE
PHILANDER C. • KNOX ; OF> PITTS- '
' BURG, -j^WHOi i : WILL -SUCCEED !
f 'ATTORNEY GENERAL GRIGGS.v •'
ty-four whole and fractional townships
embraced in what is known as the Me
thow Valley, "Washington,- and within the
Washington forest reserve, • probably will
be detached from that reserve and opened
to settlement in a few months. The Com
missioner of the General Land Office has
recommended to the Secretary of the In
terior the elimination of this area of about
167,840 acres from the reserve. ',
(Government Will Probably Select
! Twenty-Four Washington Town
ships for That Purpose.'
WASHINGTON, March 26.— About twen-
MAY THROW OPEN BIG
¦ TEACT FOB SETTLEMENT
yr, ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
/J N. W..' WASHINGTON, March 26.
(L . President McK'nley has Invited
V^^ 7 Philander C.< Knox of PIttsburg.
'¦„ ..Pa., to visit him In the - White
House, and Knox will be here on Thurs
day or Friday. This Is regarded as defi
nitely foreshadowing Knox's appointment
as Attorney General to succeed Griggs.
When Knox arrives, it is expected, the of
fice will be offered to him, and it is be
lieved he will accept and enter upon ljls
duties very soon. The objections raised
by certain persons to Knox's appointment
because he had been counsel to "Andrew
Carnegie have been overruled.
The President informed the members of
the Cabinet to-day that lie had sent for
Kncx and that upon .his arrival here it
was his intention to formally offer him
the. Attorney. Generalship. All the mem
bers of th« Cabinet after.to-day's meeting
v/crs of the impression that Knox would
be appointed.
,. PITTSBURG. March IC— P. C. Knox,
whom President McKiniey.\has .asked to
join his Cabinet as Attorney General, Is
in the cltx to-night, but denies himself to
all callers,.'' and nothing can be learned to
night as to whether or net he .will accept
the ofifcv. .' < .
"We come simply in the interests of
peace. I did not mention any point in
dispute in my letter. We ' represent the
people, the third party in the dispute.
What the points in dispute are I have
not much inquired into. My wish is to
further cordial relations between em
ployer and employe." ¦ ¦ , "
In an interview with a Times reporter
to-night Father Phillpps said:
"I wrote to J. P. Morgan on Thursday
last asking him to make an appointment
for myself and representatives of the
Board of Trade of Wilkesbarre, Scrantou,
Pottsville and Hazleton and received a
leply yesterday making the appointment
for to-morrow. Our conference with Mr.
Morgan will be in his office between 12
and 3 p m."
Regarding his mission to New York
Father Phillpps said:
rangements for himself. Archbishop Cor
rigan and Bishop Henry C. Potter to meet
J. P. Morgan at 3 o'clock to-morrow aft
ernoon to talk over the situation. From
all that can be ascertained concerning the
visit of, John Mitchell; president of the
United Mine Workers, and the executive
board, who 'have been here since Friday
to consult J. P. Morgan in an effort to
avoid a strike, they have not been able to
see Mr. Morgan, but have had several
conferences with his . representatives. It
was said to-day that Mr. Mitchell had
not approached any of the operators and
railway officials ' in New York, but has
confined his attention to talking with men
close to Mr. Morgan. .
There is a feeling among the operators
that if Mr. Morgan says there must not
be a Btrike there will not be one. Ralph
M. Kasley, secretary of the National Civic
Federation. Is authority for the statement
that the meeting of the National Civic
Federation committee on conciliation,
called to meet in Chicago next Thursday,
has been postponed on account of the
threatening condition of affairs in the an
thraeite coal fields, requiring the presence
in New York of many 'of {he Eastern
members of the committee. ' 'Secretary
Easley says that for over a week the
committee has been at work trying
through various channels to remove as
much friction as possible, and Jt is said
that the members feel that progress has
been made.
Descriptions of the vision by each of
the witnesses agree even to the minutest
details. Kach person was seen individu
ally and at different places by a Call cor
respondent this morning. They describe
the vision as a representation or picture
of the' dead girl, showing- her head and
ftart cf her body, surrounded by a. halo
or cloucJlike effect. A. simple white gown,
which setmed to lose itself in clouds, was
the clothing; her hands were crossed on
her breast from shoulder to shoulder: her
features were very distinct. On her head
nas a wreath and hajifrtng from one hand
was a rosary. Starting at the corner
away frcm the parlor the apparition
heemed to move slowly along the. wall in
the direction of the parlor, its arms un
folding. Arriving at the corner., of the
room nearest the parlor the flsrire slowly
faded e way. according to all the wit
nesses, leaving a bright cloud light on the
wall for 6ome time. It is estimated that
the vision lasted for from three to five
minutes. ¦ The entire party stood Fpell
bcund until the strange light had faded
away. . •^v
: YONKERF. N. Y.. March 26.— What is
the roost remarkable story of^a vision or
apparition ever known here* is told by
peveri pt reons, who solemnly declare they
raw a miraculous vision of Miss Julia
Murray in the room adjoining that in.
she lay dead.
One girl on seeing- the supernatural ap
pearance dropped to her knees to pray, a
second fainted and a third ran through
the house calling in other persons. Four
came in time to see the full vision, while
others reached the room only in time to
*>ee the portion of the wall where the
vision had been last seen brilliantly and
mysteriously illuminated.
In words they hold sacred these persons
affirm that they saw a spectacle of mag
nificent splendor. As the witnesses are
well known in the cli$\ their story has
caused a tremendous stir. Miss Murray
died on Saturday «u her home, 151 Ash
burton avenue, oppositu St. Joseph's Cath
olic Church. Miss Murray was one of
the nu-st popular young women in the
northern section of this city, and several
,i,t her friends stayed over night at the
house. The body "' was in' th« parlor,
¦where feme of Miss Murray's friends sat
ihrouph the nijrht, others being scattered
through the house.
Miss Katie Kane of Brooklyn, a cousin
of Miss Murray, at about half-past 4 this
morning t-tarted to go through the bed
room in which.Miss Murray had died. She
guddeniv stopped.
"My Ood." she cried, "there ts Julia."
With this exclamation she dropped to
her kr.ec-b, and covering her face with her
hands commenced praying. Miss Nora
Smith of '.''i Palisade avenue was near by.
She looked where Miss Kane had pointed
and then fainted. Miss Rose Kearns of
St. Joseph avenue ran into the room from
the parlor, looked once and then, hiding
her face in her hands ran out through the
other rooms screaming:.
William Murray, brother "Of "the-tJeatl
grirl. and Mrs. James CorbaJis of 154 Ash
burton avenue, ran to the "room and they,
too, saw the vision. Misses Rose and
Winnie McGowan also saw it before it
faded. : _ ¦ • . • -•
Friends Sitting Out Night by
the Dead See Glorified
Apparition.
NEW YORK. March 26.— Father Phil
ippe of St. Gabriel's Church. Hazleton.
Pa-, is in New York for the purpose of
using what influence he can bring togeth
er to settle tho trouble between the mine
Owners and the miners. He gave out the
information to-night that he had made ar-
WATCHERS BEHOLD
GIRL'S WRAITH
of the Miners.
CHURCHMEN, TAKE ACTION.
Trying to Avoid Threatened Strike
"Such an objection cannot consistently
be made to recognition of our union by
the operators*. They have been and are
'now treating with" labor organizations
whoso responsibility is no greater, if as
l^rcet. as that of the United Mine Work
ers of America. In the light of these pre
cedents the operators cannot stand before
the public consistently in a refusal to
recognize our unien."
Rrgardlng the story that President
Mitchell had been conferring with repre
sentatives of Mr. Morgan the Herald will
bay to-morrow:
-Whether this is true or not Mitchell
refused to pay when a reporter saw him
sit the Ashland House last night. In fact,
he would make no statement of any kind
«xr-ept that he would probably leave for
Hazleton to-night (Wednesday). If on
hi* return he would recommend a strike
v. as a matter of speculation among the
«r>eratnrs yesterday, although they be
lieved, he would not take that step. The
< perator?, however, are determined that
ihe l*r.itcd Mine-workers will remain un
recognized unless Mr. Morgan, who con
trols something more than SO per cent
<.f the coal industry of Pennsylvania,
favors the step."
NEW YORK. March 2C.— John Mitchell,
president of the United Mine Workers,
gave out an interview to-day concerning
a statement made in Wall Btreet.to the
cJTcct t>at the coal operators could not
accord recognition to the miners' union
and considered it unbusinesslike to bind
itself to a body whose leaders could not
make an agreement whose terms would
be binding on the miners. Mitchell said:
w
CALL BUREAU, 140tJ G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. March 26.— Mrs. Su
san II. "Woodward of Baltimore. Md.. is
anxiously awaiting the return of the gun
boat Mayflower from Navassa Island to •
give her news of her husband, who with
four companions is believed to be in a
starving condition there.
,The- sending of the Mayflower followed
the receipt by the President of a letter
from Mrs. Woodward calling his attention
to the unfortunate plight of her husband.
The letter was referred to Secretary Hay,
who- requested 'the Navy Department to
order the Mayflower to proceed to the re
lief of the Americans. In her letter to
the President Mrs. "Woodward states that
the owners of the works on Navassa Isl
and are Dr. Jefferson and Captain Wyatt
Owen, tioth of Baltimore. Dr. Jefferson
entered into a contract with her husband
to pay her a small sum weekly, which he
did, up to February 1. when the payments
stopped. She brought the case before a
magistrate, who rendered Judgment in her
favor, but Dr. Jefferson appealed.
Mrs-\Wocdward. while finding It difficult
to Keetf the .wolf from the door,. is not st»
mutji concerned ov«r her. own position as
shePiisf* over \ that of her husband. The
latest- letter received from him is dated
February 23. He.lnforcred her that they
were -snort" of provisions and would have
to signal f passing vessels to obtain sup
piles. Mrs. .. Woodward told Dr. Jefferson
of the contents of her letter, but he failed
to take measures to supply any relief. She
therefore asked the President to aid ia
bringing her husband home.
Helpmate Is Starving
on Barren Isle.
Tells Nation's Head That
ASKS PRESIDENT
FOR HER HUSBAND
CITY OF MEXICO, March 26.— The air
is full of rumors of great and sweeping
changes in the railroad ' situation and'}
division of railroads of this country Jn two
groups, one controlling the Mexican Na
tional, which will be made standard
gauge, and the other taking over the Mex
ican Central. It is said that the Southern
Pacific is absorbing the Mexican National
and will controt the Monterey and* Gulf
road and possibly the old Vera Cruz line.
Prominent capitalists h.ave their agents
here, who are in daily' consultation with
the highest Government people. One re
port has it that the Mexican Central and
Santa Fe will consolidate, and another
that the Rock Island will absorb the Cen
tral.
Southern Pacific and. Santa Fe Seel;
¦ to Absorb Roads.
rVery little information was obtainable
in this city t«-day as to the details of the
proposed arrangement and it must be ad
mitted that what was said was of a nega
tive order. Still, from a source that ad
mits of no nuestion. comes a report that
the proposition has been made and th»
buying of Burlington and Northern Pacific
In the late hours on the Stock Exchange
gave a very strong corroboration to tha
report. 1
RAILWAY RXTMOHS IN. MEXICO
I the stocky and it is further stated that the
matter is now under advisement by the
Burlington board. "Whether the Burling
ton directors will accept the proposal or
not cannot be ascertained.
It is stated that the proposition is op
posed by former President Perkins of the
Burlington, who has left Burlington.
Iowa, .his home, for Boston to confer
with his colleagues. Perkins is still a di
rector-of the company, over which he pre
sided for so many years, and his in
fluence is still potent with the investors
who are so largely represented among the
Burlington shareholders. .
Carrie ; Nation Desirous of
. Finding Police Ex
¦/;? ecutive There.
¦.' ¦ » ¦
CINCINNATI. March 26.— Mrs. Nation
called on .Mayor Fleischmahn at the City
Hall this afternoon and scolded him for
operating a distillery here.. On her arrival
the Mayor greeted her cordially and asked
her if he could do anything for her. She
said: "Yes, I want you to give me some
advice as to how to close the hell holes
In this city. You know they exist. What
are you going to do? You will never die
well as long as you are a man who manu
factures^ intoxicating drinks.- You
have some serious questions to answer
when you face your God,' I can do no
more than warn you. and, that I must do."
For twenty minutes^he Mayor listened
to ; perhaps ¦ the '-strongest., denunciation
that a chief*exccutive ever received in his
own office .. When .she had finished Mayor
Flelschmann remarked blandly: •// , . ¦'
. "I am sorry we cannot agreeT I am
afraid you have struck a hard proposition
—the Mayor of a wicked city and a whis
ky manufacturer. Iain glad to have' met
you. however, and. hopa v tbat you will do
much good.." : s»*r*V-"2- r ? '•>"-., '
From th© Mayor's office she' called on
Chief of Police Ditsch/arid' asEed him to'
send her an escort for her slumming tour
to-night. He. assured her that she should
Lave an officer, and as she left she said:
"Good-by. and if I don't meet you again
in this -world I hope to see you in heaven.'*
Escorted by two detectives and many
reporters Mrs. Nation made a tour of
"rag time" resorts and others places In
this! city until midnight. She made half a
dozen or more addresses. There was a
procession of a dozen or more hacks, and
at some places they were followed by very
many people in the streets. Every effort
was made to save time and visit as many
places as possible. Mrs. Nation would
enter the places, shatce hands with both
the- women and the. men. and then mount
the platform or a table and address th^
crowd. She commanded the closest at r
tention. and met with no Insults or dls»-.
turbance, but at times she spoke harshly
of the drinking that v.as going on Wefore
her and of the obscene pictures on the
walls. As soon us she concluded her ad
dress she was escorted to her carriage
and driven. rapidly to another place. Shu
will deliver an address at Lexington, Ity..
to-morrow night, and visit the resorts of
that city after her lecture. She will lec
ture here on Thursday nlsht. <
HOPES TO MEET
CHIEF IN HEAVEN
NEW YORK. March 26.-There is no
longer any doubt that the" interests iden
tified with the Northern Pacific Railroad
have made a definite proposition to the di
rectors of th© Chicago. Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad to lease or purchase that
property at a guarantee of 7 per cent on
Northern ' Pacific Makes Proposition
to Leass or Purchase.
SEEKING THE BTJBLINGTON.
The Colorado-Utah Yrca would make a
4150 mile system; which would be managed
by one set of general- officers at Denver,
with traffic and ousratins offices in Salt
Lake. • , • • • - . • •
SALT LAKE. Utah. March 26.— The
Tribune to-morrow will print the follow
ing: ; The next big" move in railroad cir
cles will be the ineorooration under the
laws of Utah of a mammoth Denver and
Rio Grande incorporation to cover the
Utah-Colorado lines, which are to bo
formed into one system. . which system 13
to be part of the Greater Missouri Pacific
system. . At this time it is imDossible to
give the capitalization of the new com
pany, but the Denver and Rio Grande.
Rio Grande Western and the Rio Grande
Southern at their present capitalization
would create a total capitalization of over
$84,000,000. v
The capitalization -of the Colorado
Southern and the Colorado Midland would
add $58,000,000. or a total of J142.150.000. pro
viding all should be placed in one corpora
tion, as is said will be the case. It is
added that the Rio Grande Junction, the
Florence and Cripple Creek and the Colo
rado Springs and, Cripple Creek district
railways and others :wil! be brought into
the system, but it will be some time be
fore the whole plan i3 worked out.
> The Idea is to make of the Colorado-
Utah lines a separate system, .but a part
of the Missouri Pacific, lust as the Wa
bash is at present,- or the Oregon Short
Line is to the' Union Pacific. • - '
Next Big Move in Railroad Circles Will Be
Gigantic Incorporation to Be a Part of
the Greater Missouri Pacific.
UTAH-COLORADO LINES
TO FORM ONE SYSTEM
MITCH ELL MAKES REPLY
TO THE COAL OPERATORS
Declares They Cannot Make Consistent Ob
jection to Recognition of the United
iline Workers of America.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNE SPAY, MARCH 27, 19Q^
It Is Now Considered Gertain That He Will Accept
the Attorney Generalship. > '
PHILANDER C. KNOX IS INVITED
TO TAKE A VACANT PORTFOLIO
2
J.-, To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip. ,
Laxative Bromo-Quhiine . removes the ' cause; •
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fo» the Copj ol ConorAcws, Cl«»t»,
Strictures and analogous complaints /
ofth 9 Organs of Generation. t
- Price Jl a bottle. For sale by irujststs.
Cleanse
Your Blood
The cause of all spring humors.
pimples and eruptions, as well as o£
that tired feeling and poor appetite", is
found in impure, depleted blood.
The. perfect blood purifier is Hood's
Sarsaparilla, as multitudes know by ex-
perience.
It cures all blood diseases, from the
smallest pimple to the stubborn scrofula
sore — from morning tiredness to ex-
treme nervous prostration.
Begin taking it TO-DAY.
U J f
i nOOu S : ;
Sarsapari lla
Is America's Greatest Spring: Medicine.
Be sure to set Hood's. • -,
Many families consider Stuart's Tablets
as -essential in the house as knives and
forks.
They consist entirely of natural digest-
ive, principles without the effect or char-
acteristics of drugs; they have no cathar-
tic action, but simply go to work on the
food eaten and digest It
Take Into account your bad habits 'and
the expense they entail and then invest
fifty cents In a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and see if your digestion for. th»
next month Is not vastly improved. % --.,.'
Ask the clerk In any drug stored the,
name of the most successful and popular
stomach remedy and he will say Stuart's.
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do not deliberately • form our pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ' ac-
quired and srrow as we ffrow, and by tho
time we learn they are hurting us we'flnd
them too strong to be easily broken.
¦ Then why not form a good habit, a habit
which will counteract *the many bad ones?
¦lit other words, contract the unfashion-
able habit of being always well. tr.
":The .best health habit to get Into is to
have and keep a vigorous stomach; If you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee, smoke your -favorite
brand cf tobacco, with little or no harm:
the mischief begins when these things are
forced upon the. faithful stomach .without
any assistance.- . -.
Form the habit of taking: after, meals
some harmless "but. 'efficient- - digestive
.which will relieve the stomach of so much
extra work.
Nature furnishes us with such digestive^
and when they are . combined in such a
pleasant preparation as Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets they give the overworked
stomach just the necessary assistance to
secure perfect digestion wlthtfut any of
the harmful effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drug's. -.
The habit of taking Stuart's r>yspeps!a
Tablets after meals is as necessary to the
weak stomach aa food itself, and Indeed
to get the benefit from food eaten nothlns
better and certainly nothing safer can be
used. ~-~j, ¦ . - •
THE HEALTH HABIT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, THE NEW
MEMBER OF THE STATE HAR
BOR COMMISSION.
VICTIM OF APPENDICITIS.
tion Improved.
District Attorney Mclsaac's Condi-
GILROY. March 26.— District Attorney
Mclsa&c of Marin County was taken from
Exception to Veterans.
PETAL/LTMA, March 26.— Antietam Re
lief Corps of this city to-day celebrated
Its tenth anniversary with a. banquet and
reception. G. A. R. veterans were the
guests of honor. The corps Is in a flour
ishing condition. The Relief Corps and
the G. A. R. poet are preparing to take a
prominent part In the division encamp
ment at Gueraeville next month.
SACRAMENTO. March 26.-J. C.
Klrkpatrick, manager of the Pal
ace Hotel in San Francisco, has
been appointed to the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners to suc
ceed Major P. J. Harney. whose term of
office expired last Saturday. Official an
nouncement of the appointment is hourly
expected.
There were many applicants for the
prize and the names of a half dozen con
fident aspirants were frequently men
tioned. Early In the field was ex-Surveyor
General Brown, but he became convinced
Beveral months ago that his prospects of
success were not bright. . Among the con
fident seekers of the prize were ex-Super
visors Fjd Smith and E. I. Aigeltinger and
State Senators Frank Leavitt and S!g.
Bettman. The San Francisco merchants
fancied that Wakefleld Baker -and Isaac
Upham were well to the front in the favor
of the Governor and that either one might
walk away with the commission to serve
the p«?ople on the water front of San
Francisco. Manager Kirkpatrick was not
"among those "mentioned" by any of the
political prophets, hence the announce
ment of his selection will create surprise.
The Governor also made other appoint
ments to various State institutions. The
l!st included A. W. Foster of Marin
County, regent of the State University,
vice himself: George M. Hawley and G.
B. Grow. Harbor Commissioners at San
Diego, vice Norman H. Cockran and
Frank H. Dixon; C. H. Davis. Port War
den at San Diego, reappointed; E. J. Rice
and I. B. Dockweller, Trustees San Diego
Normal School: Clifford Coggins. Trustee
cihico Normal School; F. C. Jacobs, Trus
tee San Jose Xormal School; H. G. W.
Dinkelspiel, Trustee San Francisco Nor-
CHANCE REUNITES
MOTHER AND SON
After Forty - Six
John Beck Finds His
Relatives.
Family Has Mourned Him as One
Dead Since He Left His San
I Francisco Home Nearly a
Half Century Ago.
SpecieJ Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. March 26.— After be
lieving all his kin dead and after a lapse
cf more than forty-six years John Beck,
a farmer of Napa and Sacramento coun
ties, was yesterday conducted into {he
presence of his sister, Mrs. J. E. Woot
. ten, and to-morrow brother and sister
will journey to San Juan, San Benito
County, where an 82-year-old mother
will clasp her son to her heart, after al
most a half-century had separated them.
On November 7, 1855, Uttie John Beck
left the home of his mother and step
father in San Francisco and set himself
to the task of building his own for
tune.
"When X left San Francisco," said he
to-day. "I went to Sacramento and ob
tained employment in U" dairy. 1 stayed
at this for a number of years. Then I
went prospecting and met the* usual luck
attending such ventures— I went 'broke.'
I came back to Sacramento and tried
ranching again. After this I obtained
employment on the railroad then build
ing. In 1S68, I returned to San Francisco
to look. u»«-tny folks, but the great
changes there baffled my efforts to find
them, and I gave up the quest in despair.
I am glad lhat they are alive and we
can be together once more. To-morrow
1 shall go "to »ee my mother, whom for
many years I have believed to be dead."
After entering the employ of the rail
road company Mr. Beck worked upward
and was for seventeen years a superin
tendent rnder Benjamin Crocker. Some
years ago he returned to farming and
now has considerable property in Napa
and Sacramento counties.
The way ihe reunion was brought
about almost challenges belief. About
four weeks ago Joseph Zuver of Auburn
was dining with Mr. and Mrs. J. E.
Wootten at their home at San Quentln.
In the course of the conversation llr.
Zuver said that a person could tell one's
nationality by his name, whereupon Mrs.
Wootten asked him to tell her national
ity, saying that her maiden name was
Beck. Zuver said that her face had long
reminded him of some person whom he
could not call to mind, but that her men
tion of the name Beck, had quickened
his memory. J>>hn Beck of Sacramento
wae the person he had been \ trying to
recall. He then told Mrs. Wootten that
there was a stronp reeemblance between
her and John Berk. In the conversation
that followed. Mrs. Wootten told the
story of her long-lost brother, and won
dered if the Sacramento Beck could be
he. On Suvcr's return home he met Beck
«nd told him the story, with the result
that yesterday brother and sister were
united.
When yonsr Beck returned to San Fran
cisco in 1M>S, his people had moved to
Alameda. I^ater they went to Watson
ville, and from there to San Benito Coun
ty, where th<? aged mother now resides.
Mr. Beck has several half-brothers and
Bisters whom he has never seen, and one
fister. who was a baby when he left
home. It is intended to call the whole
family together at the mother's home
at San Juan. The news will be broken
>rently to the mother, Mrs. Reglna Beut
tier. l«>st the shock may have serious con
sequences.
Wesley Dollarhide at
Klamathon.
BULLET STOPS
KNIFE-WIELDER
Deputy Sheriff Norris-Kills
- - - ft"-'- : "
YREKA. March I6.-At Klamatbon. a
¦mall lumbering town near here, Wesley
Dollarhide. a young man about 55 years
of age, was shot and killed by Deputy
Sheriff George Norris this afternoon. Dol
larhide ard "Jack" Norris, a brother of
the Deputy Sheriff, engaged in a street
fight and Dollarhlde stabbed his antag
onist seriously. Deputy Sheriff Nonis at
tempted to Interfere in the fight, when he
was attacked by Dollarhlde with a knife.
The Deputy drew his revolver and fired
two shots, both of which took effect, and
Dollarhide died Instantly.
"Jack" Norris' wounds are serious, but
It is believed he will recover. His brother.
Deputy Norris. came at once to Yreka, the
county seat, and gave himself up to the
officers.
ASSEMBLYMAN ; FELIZ
.UNEARTHS f A FO SSIL
Finds ¦ Portions ; of * a Whale's Verts •
-, • brae on a Mountain in Mon-
County.
MONTEREY, March 2(J.— A curious spec
imen ¦ of '¦ the ffossll I remains ., of s'aV bygone
age has' been' discovered by
F." P. Feliz [of : this'/clty; in :. the mountains
about eight [ miles ; south'! of j Monterey/ s it
is^a portion? of ' the ivertebrafet of? a ; small
• whale, t apparejotlj-c about; three ..: articula
tions,' but disconnected; and, thrown out of
itheir.^usual t position.*!^ The ? vertebrae ' f are
embedded in sandstone rock and are quite
perfect ¦; in : their , petrifaction.' v.The '• fossil
was;-foun<l fit an elevation of : 1100' feut ]
above $ea' level.' ;• vy
KOYUKTJK CLAIMS ADttE
RICH IN YELLOW METAL
Stewart' Menzies Reaches Dawson
With Glowing Reports of the
New District. .
SEATTLE. . March 26.— The steamship
Humboldt, from Skaguay, arrived In port
this morning. .Reports from Da wson show
that everything is quiet there. Work; is
progressing right along' and 7 thV coming
season vis expected to be the best in the
history of the district.
Special i dlBpatchos from' Dawson. dated
March 21, report the arrival • there from
St. Michael of Stewart Menzies; auditor
of the Alaska Commercial Company. He
says he heard very flattering reports from
the Koyukuk country during his trlp.-iThe
Emma Gold Bench' and ¦; Middle y. Park
Creek claims are premising' big? returns
and are: causing great excitement. ; One
hundred dollars was shoveled ¦ to ¦ t he ' man
from Emma Gold Bench last fall, and ex
tensive preparations are now being: made
to open up operations ' as soon i as the
weather will permit. - : ' '¦- > *
Mr. Menzles says that the late epidemic
of disease among the Indians at ' Holy
Cross Mission and all - points - alone: the
lower Y uKon River, is endedN^ Those who
have. been ill are rapidly ' recovering. '¦ He
stopped at a number ot villages and found
the natives fairly well supplied 1 with ;pro
vlsions. " -\ : ¦-;_, ' '.„• * ';..•.--.,- %--. ¦].
> The heaviest snow ever recorded is now
in -the Yukon basin. There is considera
ble - f ca r ' that ; Da wson j may '. be" inundated
and thousands ! of dollars' - worth 5 of dam
age done there when the snow melts
CUTS THE PRICE OF
PRUNES FOB EXPORT
California Cured Fruit Association
Acts "Without Consulting the
Packers.
SAN JOSE. March 26.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has cut the
prices of prunes for export one-half cent
a pound. This is for the sizes from 40-50" a
to 90-100's, inclusive. The packers' com
pany this afternoon notified the jobbers
of America and Europe of the reduction.
This action of the Cured Fruit Associa
tion was taken without the advice of the
packers. While the latter may not seri
ously oppose the reduction it is said that
in view of the fact that the cut Is made
not . so much to meet competition is to
unload an oversupply the American deal
ers should also have had the benefit of
the reduction.
On the other hand, the association peo
ple eajs that the cut would be of no ma
terial benefit to the American trade; but
is absolutely necessary if California
prunes are to be sold in-Germany. where
the prune of Europe Is selling for less
money than the . California product can
be sold for there on a 2^-cent basis. The
new basis— 2 cents— puts the exporter on
an equal footing with the jobber of Eu
ropean prunes. '._ . ... -.. ',
Decides a .Water Suit.
VISALIA, March 26.— Judge W. B. Wal
lace to-day rendered a decision In the case
of the Hubbs and t Miner Ditch ' Company
vs. the Pioneer Water Company. This was
a suit to restrain the diversion of water
from Tule River. 'Judge Wallace I gives
both plaintiff and defendant: the ¦ right- to
divert water from Tule River, and divides
between .them the costs of the trial. "
Two Men Plot and Encom
pass the Death . of
Their Rival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., March 28.— Jose Lope*
was the victim of a sensational shooting
in San Pedro Valley last night. The af
fair was the result cf Jealousy over a
penorlta. Leandro Castillo and Gregorio
Martinez planned to kill Lopez. They got
him drunk and tha conspirators took
enough liquor to avoid arousing suspicion
as to their purpose. When they" thought
Lopez was In a proper state of intoxica
tion the two men brought up the name of
the girl, and a lively argument arose.
Leandro Castillo drew a six-shooter and
killed Lopez.
Castillo fled, accompanied by Martinez,
with officers in pursuit. Castillo, while
mounting his horse, sorained his ankle
and had to surrender. A man who came
In from Mills' ranch to-day brought word
that Castillo was on the ranch and was
ready to surrender to the officers.
There is great excitement amonsr the
vaqueros In San Pedrc County over the
affair, and It is believed that cowboys will
attempt to punish Castillo before officers
can arrive at the ranch.
SENORITA'S WILES
INCITE MURDER
Richard Caton's Life Goes
Out Within the Walls
Epecial , Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 26.— The
death of Richard Caton,. aged ,S8" and a
native of England, is reported from the
Southern California Hospital for the In
sane at Highland, where he was com
mitted on February 1. '
Caton wafl'fpr many years a prominent
merchant In ; Kngland. Having accum
ulated a comfortable fortune, he retired
from active life. After his wife died seven
years ago he became discontented , and
childish. Acting upon the suggestion of
his physicians, he sought the mild climate
of Southern California and, accompanied
by his daughter, located at Pomona.
There they were surrounded by all the
comforts of life. * Last year Caton visited
his wife's grave in Kngland and ever since
that time his mind. has gradually failed.
Soon after his return to Pomona in Jan-~
uary he made an unsuccessful attempt to
kill his daughter because of an imaginary
wrong. His arrest for insanity and com
mitment to the asylum followed. • '
Caton had the personal friendship of
England's Queen, and during tho diamond
jubilee he was shown unusual recognition
by Victoria. His only surviving heir is
his daughter, who will inherit his wealth.
His remains will be taken to~ England for
Interment. .--.-. •
VICTORIA'S FRIEND
DIES IN ASYLUM
Make Two Attempts to Burn
Dayton's Fountain of
Learning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March ;26.-Durlng February
two attempts .were made to burn the Cen
tral school building of ' Dayton. . The first
was made on February 7; at 4 o'clock* in
the afternoon; A second attempt to de
stroy the structure occurred on the even
ing of February, 23, at the early hour of 7.
Yesterday a sensation was created by the
arrest of three girls— Lizzie Besqule, Pearl
Evans and Gladys Cunningham. -The for
mer two. were : charged with the second
attempt to Jaurn the' building and Gladys
Cunningham was accused of the first.
The County Commissioners offered a re
ward of $250. for the arrest of the guilty
persons, and the arrests were due to one
of the girls telling the story. , The three
were tried before Justice Holman and
were witnesses against one another. Miss
Besquie claimed that in the . first ¦ attempt
Gladys Cunningham carried oil in an olivo
bottle. to the school building at the; noon
hour, poured the oil on some kindling un
der the central stairway and after school
was dismissed in , the afternoon ; set fire
to it. Gladys testified . that Lizzie was
the guilty one, and that Gladys had taken
no. part in the crime other than being an
eye witness. ••¦-/.
The court decided that Gladys Cunning
ham .was not guilty: and the case against
her -was dismissed. . ¦ Lizzie Besaule was
bound over to the Superior. Court. -''• 7I
;, In the; case r growing out of the second
attempt to burn ~s the school house, Lizzie
Uesqule ' testified that Pearl Evans accom
panied her to the schoolhouse on the even
ing of February 23. ;--„ Lizzie Besquie • and
Pearl . Ev^ns ; were bound- over to the Su
perior Court .'the attorneys recommending
that they be sent to the reform school
The girls are aged 13; 14 and • 15, t Lizzie
being. the eldest and Gladys' the youngest
of the, trio. None of them seem to realize
the ' enormity of , their , crime.\ In extenua
tion the girls say they thought . Dayton"
should have a new schoolhouse. .They had
heard ; older persons say. that If . the old
building- burned a new one would be erect
ed. To bring about this result was their
chief object. \ i — ¦ : /
GIRLS SET FIRE
TO SCHOOL HOUSE
mal School: Charles Prager of Los An
geles, Trustee Whlttier School; Frank W?
INTEBESTS THE PEOPLE ."
OF -THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents Issued to Inventors, Post
- office Chang-e s and New
Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— The follow
ing patents were Issued to-day: Califor
nia—Charles •. W. Arrosmith. Courtland,
fruit packing, device; Thomas Barnett,
San : Francisco, starting gate; Francis C.
Bates, assignor of one-half to W. G. Haw
ley,-San Jose, rural signal device; Edgar
A. Beck, Los Angeles, electric arc. lamp;
Warren F. Davis, assignor to Pacific Sheet
Metal Works, -San Francisco, double
seaming device: John A. Duffy, Pomona,
sink; Willis H. Fisher and C. Brouse, San
Francisco, wall construction; Otto Heyl
mann, Fallbrook, bicycle brake; Edward
B. - Hoegemann, Oakland, shoe lacing
clasp; Augustus Newell, Pasadena, as
signor to the Perfect Sliding Door Com
pany. Los .Angeles, sliding- door hanger;
Ole Olsen, Oakland, airship; Wilson G.
Ross, Benicia, ; acetylene gas generator;
Moses L. Rosovsky, San Francisco, por
table steam or vapor bath ..apparatus;
Henry B. Rugrgles.' Redlands. fruit brush
er; - William F. Schatz. South San Diego,
harness attachment for poles and shafts;
Louis H.' Ttillocn, Angels Camp, stamp
mill attachment; Warner L. Vestal, San
Bernardino, letterbox; Howard F. -Wal
laces Los Angreles. eye glasses: Frank S.
Weatherly, Los Angeles, power transmit
ting device.
Oregon— David F. Baker, Mount Tabor,
shingle machine; James W. Barnes, Beav
erton, animal : - trap; > John K. Mount, as
signor, of one-half to A. G. Wolford, Sil
verton, hon, drier and curer; -William H."
Sllger, assignor of one-half to S. A. Man
ning, McMinnville, hydraulic telescopic
fire escape. '.
•Washington — Archie M. Banks. Tacoma,
sled propeller; • William C. Campbell, Va
shon, draft equalizer; Noah M. Cripe,
Elma, belt lacing needle; John B. Ma
hana and A. A. Pomoe. Toledo, bicycle
driving mechanism: Hans Paulson, as
signor of one-half to H. Klabor, Tacoma,'
drlll.I'JiiliWliritil.W^lM'W^irWBi'MFiywi^l
The following fourth-class postofflces
will become presidential on April 1: Cali
fornia—Rio Vista, Sebastopol. Oregon—
Silverton.;-Woodburn.- Salaries of Post
masters-J1000.
| Pensions were granted to-day as follows:
California— Increase— Thomas L. Moore,
Los Angeles, $8.-~Original widow—Cather
ine Davis; San Francisco ,*$8.'- . •
Oregon— Additional— Charles G. H. Os
terhandt, Marfruan>.-?12. Increase— David
Thomas; Sodavllle, 58. :
Washington— Original— James H. Nich
ols,East Sound, $6.; ,
:.--". v- :. »— -'. '. •
TWO CHILDREN PERISH /
IN "WATERS OF A POND
Little Hilda Williams and Clarence
Gill Are Drowned Near Grass
¦ GRASS VALLEY, March 26.— Hilda Wil
liams, the ! four r year-old daughter: of
James .Williams, and' Clarence Gill, ; the
five-year-old . son ;of Thomas' Gill; were
drowned >: inp a -pond near " the . Reuben
Thomas' diggings; north .of- town,: at 11
o'clock -this morning. The children were,
playing, near; the 'water and: both ; fell- in.
No one "was 'near, at the . time ! to . rescue
them. : One of the neighbor's children: Ida
Miller; after they were missing; for some
time ; instituted' a search and, suspecting
they ' might ;¦ have been ; playing ' near , the
pond, 1 went there and, found the bodies.
MODOC'S SHERIFF FOUND
DYINQ ON A HIGHWA'!?
Succumbs ;to .; Injuries ' Believfd to
Have Been Received During a *
Runaway.
CEDARVILLE,^ March 26.— Sheriff E. . D.
Hager : of I Modoc ~ County.'.- was';* found "; on
Friday ; lying, unconscious . on '; the road ; by
some .? Indians ? below /Alturas.;." He ; was
brought i to ; Alturas, ; but I remained in an
unconscious "; conditions until -last night.'
, when ' death ' occurred j from I concussion ? of
tie s bralnAr It' is i supposed i that : his team
ran^away,- 1 throwing him head "foremost
against ; at gatepost. -His untimely 'end. is
deeply i deplored.; His sister at Oakland
was wired for,- but. failed to arrive before
; d?ath. : -\
the train here yesterday afternoon, hav
ing become ill while on his way home,
and was removed to Dr. Clark's private
sanitarium. He is suffering from appen
dicitis. Dr. Claik to-day reported his
condition as improved. It cannot be deter
mined yet whether an operation is neces
sary.
Leavitt. Henry Pierce, John H. Grlndley
and John G. Mattos Jr.. Directors Ala
meda County School for.' Deaf . and Dumb
and Blind; W. AV. Van Arsdale, Fish Com
missioner, vice Charles Gould.
POLITICS OP THE APPOINTEE.
Has Affiliated "With. Democracy and
Silver Republicans.
Colonel John C. Kirkpatrlck Is well
known in this city as the manager of the
hotel Interest of the Sharon estate, lie
Is a capable, energetic business man. In
the management of ranch properties of
the Sharon estate in Kern County he dtj-
played bo many excellent and
evinced such marked facility for acquiring
knowledge in detail, that the managers of
the estate invited him to come* to Ban
Francisco and manage the Palace and
Grand hotels. He applied himself dil'
gently to the work assigned to him. an-J
achieved for his employers a larger meas
ure of success than they anticipated.
Colonel Klrkpatrick is one of the Com
missioners to manage Yosemlte Valley
and Mariposa Big Tree Grove. He was
nppointed by Governor Budd, and in the
State Blue Book of 1899 is classed as a
Democrat. Before his appointment he
was known as a Silver • Republican, tin
term, as Yosemlte Valley Commissioner
end3 January, 1S03.
No doubt Colonel Kirkpatrlck will bring
to the service of the State on the Board
of Harbor Commissioners the .splendid
business abilities which have made him
successful in other fields, of activity..
FRANK P. FLINT'S SUCCESSOR.
Tj. H. Valentine Will Be Southern
California's IMstrict Attorney.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.— United
States Senator Bard announced to-day
that L. H. Valentine will succeed Frank
P. Flint as District Attorney for the
Southern District of California. Mr. Flint
purposes to resign some time in Decem
ber. ' S
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 26.— Minute de
tails of the' terrible tragedy enacted at
Compton ! last night confirm the early
story of the killing of Ward C. Stratton
and Ralph Mulherron and the sensational
suicide of their slayor, Clarence S. Craw
ford,. in the dooryard of Strattqn's home,
as being the deed of an Insane man. Mul
herron died at 4 o'clock this morning. He
was 'the first; person on whom Crawford
attempted , to wreak summary Vengeance
for ¦ imaginary v wrongs. Mulherron : was
called from a bunknouse and shot down
in cold blood ' by tlio man whdm"~ he be
lieved to.be his friend. :- .
Compton had not recovered from the ex
citement of last night's tragedy when the
Coroner appeared on the scene this morn
ing. LJttle; by little the story was wrung
from witnesses before the Coroner's jurw
until the chapter ¦ of terrible events wa$
rendered complete. That Stratton .was
killed because Crawford imagined the
rancher ¦ had -heaped wrongs upon him
there is no, doubt. • Mulherron was killed
because Crawford believed he had circu
lated stories in the neighborhood •deroga
tory to Crawford's character' and which
had caused him to lose the friendship of
Mrs. .' Stratton. '• Thcr*>; is no ¦ doubt that
Crawford had deliberately, planned to
murder Mr. , and * Mrs. Stratton and theu
end his own career.
Confession of Jealousy.
: The bo.dy of the murderer .." and suicide
was searched by tiie Coroner. Among
other 'articles founi was a passbook is
sued to Crawford by the local lodge of
the Fraternal Aid Association of Comp
ton.=A single sentence that had evidently
been penciled on a page -of this book a
short time prior to the tragedy told the
story of Crawford's awful crime. It was:
"Jealousy is hell." . >
Nineteen cartridges were ¦ found in a
coat-pocket of th« youth. .
¦ After viewing Crav/iord's body members
of the jury were driven to the ranch of
Daniel Hathron, where an inquest was
held over, the body, ot ; Ralph Mulherron,
who was the first victim of Crawford's
wrath. From Hathron's- place the jury
went- to the ranch of Mason Brothers,
where Stratton had Jived for the last six
years. After the body of Ward C. Strat
ton had been viewed the evidence of Mrs.
Stratton was given. She had suffered a
severe shock from the awful tragedy and
was able to leave her bed scarcely long
enough to tell her story.
Told Her of His Love.
"My husband had some trouble swlth
Crawford last August," she said, between
sobs. < "Crawford quit his employ. and a
few days later wanted to be taken back.
When. Mr. Strattqn refused to Rive him
employment longer he threatened to 'get
even 1 "with him.' I do not know that Mr.
Stratton feared him, but I had taken the
precaution to warn my husband against
bim." -
"Did Crawford ever propose to you that
you should leave your husband and elope
with him?" Coroner Holland asked Mrs.
Stratton. , . .;
"Yes, he did." she replied, after some
hesitation. "About three weeks before he
quit my husband's employ he approached
me one day and told me that he could not
live without me. He wanted me to elope
with him and I refined* to- gx>. I repulsed
his attentions, an-1 during the eight
months that he was. here I never gave
him occasion to speak of love to me.".
The jury found that Crawford had mur
dered Stratton and- Mulherron and killed
himself while temporarily insane.
Clarence \ Crawford's Second
Victim Expires at
Cpmptpn.
Woman Widowed by the Murderer
Tells of His Insane Profession
B!rflrwST r *"~~* ~" 1 - l *"'*v'*' r 9** M| ii' ' **f *<LtyS
of Love and an Offer to .
; Elope.
JEALOUSY REAPS
RICHER HARVEST
TOE SAN FRA^ISCp^CAL^
Manager of the Palace Hotel Is Appointed to Major
Harney's Place on the State Board.
GOVERNOR NAMES KIRKPATRICK
TO BE HARBOR COMMISSI0NER
It used to be considered that only urin-
ary, and bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all disease*
have ' their beginning In the disorder ot
these most Important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood;
that is their work. »
Therefore. when your kidneys are weak
or out of order "you can understand how
quickly your entire body Is affected, and
how every organ seems to fail to do its
duty.
If you' are sick or "feel badly" begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they, will help
all the other organs to health. A trial
¦will convince anyone.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering:
than any other disease, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are surq to fol-
low. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerves,
makes you dizzy, .restless, sleepless and
irritable: makes you pass water often
during the day, and obliges you to get
up many. times during the night; cause3
puffy or dsrk circles under the eyes,
rheumatism, gravel, . catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache in the back, joints
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you feel as
though you had heart trouble: you may
have plenty of ambition but no strength;
get weak and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root.- the world-famous
kidney remedy. In' taking Swamp-Root
you afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root Is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the, kidneys that is
known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in your mind as
to your condition take from your urine
on rising Pbout. four ounces, place It in
a glass or bottle and let it Btand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if there is a hrick-dust- settling
or if email particles float about in it,
your kidneys are in need of Immediate
attention.
Swamp-Root Is peasant to take and Is
used In the leading hospitals, -recom-
mended Iiy physicians in their private
practice and is taken by doctors them-
selves who have kidney nllm"nt.«. becau<*
they recognize in It the greatest and
mo«!t successful remedy for kidney, liver
and bladder troubles.
If yon . are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need vou can
nu'rnhase the reeular 50-eent and Jl size
bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
(Svramp-Roct is pleasant to take.)
EDITORIAL NOTICE. -Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder rem-
edy, 13 so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been made by
which all our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bot-
tle sent absolutely free by mail; also a book telling all about kidney and blad-
der troubles, and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writlnsr
be sure and mention reading. this generous offer In The San Francisco Dally
Call when sending 1 your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnshamton. X. T. *
Never Suspect It,
ARE YOUR
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and
'. . — \ • (¦
To Prove what the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will
Do. for YOU, all Gur Readers May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
A Letter From a
Customer About Our .
$10 Made=to=Order Suits
[fin Z'/Ar**&j^?- <
\ ; - " . , •
The following letter was received the other day
from a customer who had ordered one of our $10.00
made-to-order suits:
Gentlemen: — My suit arrived yesterday and I have great
pleasure in stating that I found it entirely satisfactory in every
respect. v
I have had a tolerably extensive experience with tailors,
having in the course of my life had garments cut for m^ by
some^of the best-known firms in New York and Boston, in this
country, as well as in London, Vienna and other capitals abroad.
And I can assure you that 1 have rarely had the experience of
having a suit come home where I- found absolutely nothing
needing correction, as in this case.
I consider your success really f remarkable, especially as
this was the first time.you had worked for me and you had only,
my. own measurements to go by, without even requiring me to.
try on the' garments before they were finished. Not alone the
fit but the finish, linings, etc., leave nothing to be desired.
You may be sure that so long as you continue to fulfill your
promises as well as you have done in this you may
count on me as a regular customer. Mianwhile I will do my
••^best to recomm nJ you 'to my friend?.
' Yours very trukv
The foregoing shows that cur Sio.oo suits can be
readily made ; to order through our ?elf-me*asuring
system when customers cannot come in.
Wri'e cr call for samples. *
¦ • ¦ • ¦ . ¦.
718 Market Street and
- i Cor.. Powell & Eddy Sts.
IB. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco.
1 Ready for Soring
I OUR FIRST SPECIAL.
ri "We are aJI ready for rprinsr and we
j have tome of the cutest styles of la-
| f!)«s' ehoea and Oxfords ever ehown.
n Kverythinf new and catchy, and. as
H3 usual. »e are giving- the beet values.
JH That's our stronar point, and people
B seem to expect us to give a little bet-
H ter value than they can Get elsewhere.
11 Voti see. we have educated them that
f 1 way. and we are going to continue
tj sHMncr the best shoes in this ci! v for
Kj the le&Et 'money. /
j with kid or vestins tops, new coin toea
and patent leather tti?«. turned soles
Bf and stitched French heels, sold for
S tfi.'.Hi a p&Jr. Sizes 3 to 8. widths A
Wt to E.
fej "U> close at C p. m. on week days
3 and Jl p. m. .on Saturday, and will
• n contfnue to close at those hours - pro-
|3 vided all other shoe stores do the eame.
H Agents for Gloria $3.50 Shoes.
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
*
||l SWAMP-ROOT ili
! si li ne y » Liver and Bladder I @J
I Rj [ M«y lalo one. two or Uire» |l KlH
1 jjfc* j ?*«*puocfuLiberorcor after mt*li Ji Jl
"5* I CbCdrea lea according to ece. " If w{jj
*|J I May commence with taal dotM 1 1 IS |9
j§j I anil inor?ass to full doso or more, |j|* jj.
wl «3 t!»o case would srrm to rrTUlrc. ill I li!
¦ Slj This grreat r»medr car?s all ]|3ij
;j jjg 1 SrMne.T. Ur<rr, bladder and Crio If Bll
rgj AcU troubles and dirorden clu« j) Kg
,ftj to w»ai kldn- ts. guch as cctan h Jj Sh?
i'Sfl °* * > ' a( * l ' er > (rrarrl. rhruma- (I SiS
X<l tlKir». lumhajro and Brijjht'a Di». | j &?¦ £
tS e»**, whii-h la ihi worst tozra ot I KB"
M\] DR. KILMER & CO. Jj&j
rail Sold by all Druccisi*. mailRacing at Little Rock.
LITTLB - ltOCK, Ark., March „ 26.— Weather
clear; track eootl. Results: , , .,--
V Slx^ 1 furlongs— Eelle 'cf^'the Glen, won, Eva
Wllron- Mc-ind, Charlie Daniels -third. Time.
X:l7U.r: >/-W:v.*,.\>: : ¦.•; ¦ • - ¦ ._,•¦=..: • - !
,Half & mil*— Debenture won. Tambourine «ec
end. Hen llullum third. ¦ Time, ' :S2. -
.;. Six furlonf*— M.iKffie Young won. Active iec
cnU, Can Robert third. Time," 1:19^. , '
i : Six i t urlorgs, • handlcap-^-Quaver won, Charlie
O'Brien ' second, Chappaqua , third/ • Time. 1:18.
; Hlle'and a sixteenth— Chub wpu.- Dan Rica
second. Qeorfre B.- Cox .'third.- Time' ; 1:63%.
¦ Six furlongs, wlllniy— Pillardlst won, -Air«
Weir second, Corlalis third. Time. -1:1S.- •.
had been In . the water about two 'weeks,
was ; found in . the bay ¦. yesterday • floating
near the end of. Powell street wharf. On.
the body was found a lodging-house key
for room 15, two pocketknlves, a pair cf
tan gloves, 30 - cents m ¦ silver >¦ coin , -.- two
lottery, tickets and a horn comb and sev
eral -business: cards of * H..'. Llchtenfeld,'
merchant tailor, 330 Bush street. , -.
• Mr.' Lichtenfeld Identified -the body as
that of an elderly man who had worked
for.rhim and ihis brother in- Stockton and
this city. He. also ,w.orked- In: Palo Alto
and has a daughter In ,! this city who did
work for Lichtenfeld, but -Mr. Lichtenfeld
could not remember the name of. the dead
man-or-of -the -daughter. ,,-_ • . ¦>,.-.
He Formerly Worked in Stockton and
','¦ This City and Has a
Daughter. \
The bodv of an- unknown man, that
UNKNOWN TAILOR FOUND"
¦ DROWNED IN THE . BAY
The girl and her reouted ' mother,' Ho
Yue were landed here last year as the
returning wife and daughter.; of a mer- J
chant residing. in. Chicairo.V The mother
swore' on that occasion . that the clrl wa3
born In Chicago. United States Marshal
Wood worth : sprang at oomeransr • on ex •
Judge Murphy,, counsel for the owner of
the. girl, who is valued at>'$2500 ln l -th<»
open market, by producing the record of
the Chinese Bureau showing that the real
Yue •\3urn Nlm and Ho Yue • were landed
here' on their, return, *rom China In 1896,
or . four years -before th*> time shown by
the certificate presented by .the.tfrl.- ;.- <-¦.
.Judge Heacock, said. that it was clearlv
a.case of substitution Rnd decided in fa'- ;
vor of deporting the clrl. ; . . f y
Yue Gum Nlm, the 15-vear-old., Chinese
slave found .by » Miss 'Lake .'ln^ a* brothel
on' Sullivan alley, was found , by United
States Commissioner Heaqock yesterday
to be unlawfully In the country and was
recommended to be deDortcd.. > . •
Fraudulently Substituted for
Another Person. ¦•'.
Judge Heacock Finds, That She Was
CHINESE SLAVE MUST
RETURN TO : ORIENT
Third race — Goldone. Prejudice, Montallade.
Fourth race— Rollins Boer,' Redwald, Edgardo.
Fifth race— Fondo, Illilouon, Skip Me. '
Sixth race— Vesuvlan. , Star Chamber, Joe
Ripley. ; v . :
Finds Token of Benevolent Society's
Gratitude and Departs Leaving
Conscience-Stricken Note.
PATERSON..N. J., March 26.— A robber,
who entered the residence of the late Vlco
President : Hobart Sunday night and who
departed without any booty on finding the
silverware marked, left the following note
in a loving cup, which had been given to
Mrs. Hobart by the Old- Ladies' Home So
ciety for charitable work:
"I humbly beg your pardon. I do not
"want to rob good people."
APOLOGETIC BURGLAR
COULDN'T ROB HOBARTS
Fred Daniels, an electrician, was ar
rested on Twenty-second street yesterday
by Policemen Crcwley and Folsom and
booked at the City Prison on a charge or
tingentlemanly conduct. It was thought
that he might be the man who has an
noyod the -daughters of Joseph K. Carter,"
51 4 Capp Ftreet, for more than a year The
young ladies called at the City Prison
J'^^rday afternoon, but failed to Iden
tify him. . I:',-;-.
Daniels Not the Man.
Considerable Interest was manifested In
this race. The runners Included W. C.
Whitney's .Jean Bereaud. with Lester
Relff in the saddle, and Richard Croker's
bay colt Harrow, with Johnny Relff up.
Little Eva was a strong favorite, with
Harrow as second choice. \ - % ,. -
After considerable delay a gt>od start
was effected. Greenan and Harrow, the
latter with J. ReiJT up. were prominent to
the distance, wtwn Little Eva came out
and won by thret^uarters of a length.
Besides Harrow th© American horses
and Jockeys were: Jean Berpaud, ridden
by L. Relff; Marcon.i. D. Maher; Pheon,
Mclntyr*. *n«1 Sy«rla. C. .Jenkins. The
bettlror was fc\> to 15 against Little Eva,
2 to 1 against Alvescot and ICO to 7 against
Lackford. . .".
LONDON, March 28.— At the second
clay's racing to-day of the TJncoln sprlnsr
meeting the Lincolnshire handicap, of 1000
sovereigns added to a sweepstakes of 15
sovereigns each, for three-year-olds and
upward, distance one mtlo straight was
won -by Captain F. C. Ball's bay mare
Little Eva. James Joyce's Alvescot was
second and G. Cockerill'a LackfcrJ was
third. Twenty-eight horses started.
Handily by Captain Ball's Mare.
Classic Lincolnshire Handicap Won
I^ITTIiE EVA WINS STAKE.
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
A W Dickhaut, R 1
M17 Dickhaut. R I
D Bedlnger, Ky
E W Bedlnger, Ky
T D Lane, VVyd . ..
Mrs Lane, Wyo
H McCeady, Eureka --
K C Rouse, San Jose
R Roberts, Chicago
J Sllva, Boston
C G Allen, Newman
W-E C Foster, Iowa
Dr L L Rowalt. Minn
J- E Cummin*. Ireland
Mrs S Pedgrafht, c. Mo
J-F Murray, Los Ang
Mrs Thompson, Stkn
Mrs Douglass, Stkn
H M Peck, N Y
W J Wilkins. N Y
W H Richardson, N Y
I' E Jones, San Jose
Mrs Jones, San Jose
F A Loyd,' N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
A L Rabe & wf, Cal
G O Graves, Portland
1 Bronson, Cal •"
G A Giles. Visalla
G H Kelly, Portland
O J Lowry,> Redding
Dr A J Galbralth. Nev
Mrs Gttlbralth, Nev .
Mrs T M Green, s, Seat
M Wolff, N Y
W Jereslaw, . Cal
Mrs Whitney, Cal
MIbs Whitney, Cal
T B Haselden.Cal
H Boyle, Son Rafael
F. W Ralston Jr.USA
W D Jenkins, Wash
Mrs Jenkins, Wash
W. G Walz, Texas
Dr J G Pierce, Cal
F L Bradman,. U8MC
EH Dodd, U S N ¦
F Regan, J5an Jose
Mrs E A /ones, Cal
H" B Norment, Va
G R ¦ Stewart, Cal - '
V W Miller, Cal
F K Merrltt, Eureka
Mrs Merrltt, Eureka I
C J Spohn, Dubuque
G Morton, Seattle
M -MclJlarten, Cal
W J Barrett, Los Ang
HA Bell, Sacto i
D Denney, NY.
Mrs .Denney, N Y
•M H. McDonald, Pa
Mrs McDonald. Pa
Miss F McDonald. Pa
Mrs W E Burr. Mo
Mrs S C Douglas, K C
Mips Douelas, Kan C
Mrs W'-F Knox, Sacto
Miss B Khox, Sacto
C W Pendleton, L Ang
EVW Hllmer, iCal
H .W Bell, Sacto
D I Campbell. Los Ang
F E Nettleton, Pa
Mrs Nettleton, Pa
D .MtDaffin.- Gardiner ¦
Mrs McDaffln, Gardiner
A H Hart, N Y
J Westphellng, Mo
J H Read, Sacto
G W Bladeburn. Cal
G Kaehler. Fresno
G W Lyn<Jh, Los Ang
D R Reed, Colo
MrnRted, 2 chll, Colo
G G Belter, Mo
C Tomer, Mo
Mrs J Verlage, Chgo
U Guerin, Cal
K Tucker, Orovllle
L F Moulton, Colusa
Mrs W A Palner, Sacto
J H McPherson, ¦ Oakld
Mrs McPherson, Oakld
PA LACE- HOTEL.
Miss M Lannen, NY
C R Perkins. US 'A
F Erne. N Y <-
P H Lannan, : S Lake
L McCreery; . Burl In
game ¦ ' '¦ I
F Menzies. Burlingame;
Mr Wheeler, Burlin
game ••¦ \' : . '
R Hilliard & w, N Y
W C Greene, Mexico
J Chambers. NY .
J E Fullerton & vr,
Honolulu
M Haralamb," Cal .
W P Powell,- Spokane
F S Morris. Portland
H M Ernst. N Y
L J Rose Jr.Oxnard .
F-T-J Newman, NY
E McDonald, ' Pa :
Mrs McDonald.. Pa .
Miss McDonald, Pa
Miss CO Morrlson.NY,
MIss'M Bruhn, N Y ;i
MlaaA Baldwin. NY
F i H Harvey, K City •
C H Clarke & w," 8e*t
J G Shields & s, Colo.
T A Kenny, Portland ¦.
H Gottschalk, , Gremble
H S. Richards &;w.NY|
Miss L Richards.: N?Y
EL Foucar, Denver. ,-
W .J ' Menzies & w.
Beanies :>¦,-¦ ; •,
F Hogan'& w,' Spokane
R H -Stewart, -Boston •
S White & w, Spnora .
K A McFarland, Mexr
G H .Whltcomb, Mass ;•
Miss Whltcomb, Mass •
J S McEl wain. | Mass £J
Mrs < B • Richards, - Mo • ¦
A' Knab,- Cincinnati. ¦• »\
F S Gorton & w.'s Chic
Mrs J D PhlDps, Bostn
S C H«rbst & w. Wis:
Miss H.Herbst, Wi» •>
Miss AHerbst. Wis ~ v
Mrs P V Rogers, <N Y :
Miss Sylvester,* NY •
Mrs H E Lannen, Nil
Miss A UnderhlH, N T
C II Evans ft w, N Y
J P Davis, Jackson
K Morsran & w, Mass
Miss S Young, Mass
J S Adams, Dubuque
E Meyers. St Louis
J Franks, Chicago
K O Harrrave.- N Y
B Lombard Jr &'w," '-.
Boston ¦ - - ; ¦
AE McCoy,' Brooklyn
Dr W A Newcomb,
Chicago .' • •• ¦,
J Jl AMen 4 w, Minn
Miss F Allen, St Paul
W Sleicher Jr'& w.NY
D T Kelly, I.*>8 Ang ,
Miss HiUhouae, Conn
Miss Lenkk, N J - ~ ,•
Mrs C W McKeehantPa
Miss McKeehan, Pa
Miss L. Baird. Pa':.:'
MrsWCde Pauw. LA
Miss P de Pauw, L A
Miss J Hill, Chicago
A Bauer & w, Chicago
Ellen M Ruby. Pa
J.D Ruby,: Pa .'*;i*^S
J W French & w, Mich
Miss Riggs, Wash.' D C
Mrs -II M AVestervelt, • .
•• San Jcwis. • -
W A Backhouse, Eng
WE Sharpe. Chicago \
W R Randall, S Diego
F- 8 Punitc., Mexico
R C Coatello & w, N"Y
HCostello, Conn
J R Hills, Conn
Miss C E HIIIb. Conn'
Mlsa Q N Hills, Conn
.Mis* JR Hills, Conn
Dr T H Brigham & w,
Boston • ¦ - -., .
AC. BrlKham, Boston
J S Danner & w., Texas
C W Tuttle, Coluaa
F H Buck; Vacaville
A de Land.: N;Y-\-
A^Seckel,- Chicago ''
J Sparks/ Reno - .
HOTEL, ARRIVALS.
¦ -¦*..
Judge Seawell Denies Petitipn of
Neighboring Residents to Con
demn the Property.
Judge Sea-Rell. in -an opinion handed
down yesterday, has drcided that the
quarry operated by Gray Bros, at Clipper
and Diamond streets, is not a nuisance.
For some time cerutn residents of the
Mission have been erideavorinc to. secure
action by the local authorities condemn
ing the quarry as a nuisance. They first
applied to the Board ol Supervisors to
take action, but on investigation the board
decided that the reauest of the Mission
residents was unreasonable and that ac
tion against the quarry was unnecessary.
Finally Patrick Rooney. who lives near
the quirrry. and other residents joined as
plafntiffs in an action in which they
sought judsrment declaring the Quarry a.
ruisanee. Judge Seawe'l heard many wit
r.esses on behalf of and against the plain
tiffs. After the evidence was In the ca&c
¦Was taken under advisement. Yesterdav
Judge S^awell held tha; the quarry la no't
a. nuisance ami hence cannot be con
demned. Judgment was entered accord
ingly. . -
MISSION QUABRY HELD
NOT TO BE A NUISANCE
A. E. Hlnn, president of the Cambridge
team, said: "We shall probably get
drubbed by the Americana, but all our
men are anxious to return the IJnUe-1
States' compliment In coming here by a
return visit. While Pa^et-Tomllnson and
others of last year'a tests are ineligible,
stlfl Garner of Oxford and Allcock of
Cambridge promise to be good hurdlers
and "Workman of Cambridge as- a three
miler and Cornish and Shank will, I hop«,
do us credit as cuarter-milers."
Cambridge men who were Interviewed
this morning at their training quarters
all expressed themselves as extremely de
sirous-* of going to the United States,
though they were rather afraid of the hot
¦weather and would prefar to have the con
test in September instead of July. .
LONDON, March 2S-— Indications point
to Oxford and Cambridge's accejrtance <ti
the challenge by Yalo end Harvard for a
series of regular track games. The Eng
lish .teaJn In that caso will consist of the
first and seconds In tha events to be de
cided Friday at the inter-unlver3lty con
test. The presidents and treasurers of tho
Oxford and Cambridge Athletic unions
will confer on Saturday and decide on tha
nature of the answer to> the challenge.
ingmess to Meet Tale and Harvard.
Oxford and Cambridge Signify Will-
"WXLI. ACCEPT rfTATTTvr,?.
Deardruff said he planned the robbery
by himself and had taken no one into his
confidence. His first idea was simply to
steal the tray of diamonds. He accom
plished this, he said, during the afternoon
of March 11 and hid the rings in the base
ment. It then occurred to him that he
could not immediately negotiate a sale of
the diamonds, and the scheme to extort
money from Mr. Edwards was conceived.
Deardruff has been employed by the firm
for eighteen months. He will be prose
cuted for grand larceny.
KANSAS CITY. March 26.—Twenty
year-old William Deardruff v a clerk, was
arrested to-day charged with stealing
$3100 worth of diamond rings from, his em
ployers, Edwards & Sloan, wholesale Jew
elers. Later when confronted with the
rings, which had been found hidden in the
basement of the firm's building. Deardruff
broke down and confessed. Deardruff. also
confessed to having sent Mr. Edwards,
the senior member of the flnn. a letter
threatening to kidnap the jeweler's son if
he did not immediately produce $1000 In
gold.
"I admit the .whole thing," said the pris
oner after he had signed a written con
fession presented by the prosecuting at
torney. "No -use to deny It any more. I
am up against H."
Young Clerk Confesses to
Having Purloined Valu
able Diamonds.
JEWELS BRING
YOUTH'S RUIN
From its location and previous history
Corbett's will doubtless become a popular
headquarters for the large floating popu
lation of Eastern sporting men who fre
quent the neighborhood during the racing
season. .
Last night, when first opened for in
spection, the place was crowded by all
classes of sporting men. In which the rac
ing fraternity predominated.-
The furnishings of the resort- are hand
some and tasteful. -The crude walls that
formerly Inclosed the .struggling specu
lators eager to bet on the many fistic
stars who have performed, at different
times on the' coast* have now taken on
soft tints from the decorator's brush, and
the woodwork is handsome and elaborate.
Decorators, ; painters and carpenters
turned the establishment over, last night
for its formal' openmg to-day." ' ¦•-'
Corbett will, henceforth deal various
brands | of old bourbon instead of paste
boards on uppercuts and cross-counters. -'
Herry ¦ Corbctt, erstwhile chief of , the
local poblsellers. has forsaken the game
of laying against the fighters and con
verted nis place at No. 64 Ellis street Into
one of the best appointed saloons in the
West.
The Shamrock II will be> unable to house
her topmast in the event of racing In a
gale of wind, but this has happened only
once since the America's cup racing be
gan. James Ward, the managing partner
of Messrs. Denny, the builders of the cup
challenger. Informed a representative of;
the Associated Press that he will cer
tainly have the Shamrock ready by the
date fixed for her launching. April 20. He
13 much struck by the interest shown by
the workmen employed on her construc
tion and considers the yacht's hull to be
the finest bit of shipbuilding: ever turned
out from the yard.
GLASGOW. March 26.— The spars and
rigging of Shamrock II are now being pre
pared for setting 1 up. -They include sev
eral new ideas. One Is the abolition of
the topmast and all topmast fitting?. Sho
will have a single main spar, the largest
ever fitted to any ship, measuring -from
step to truck 148 feet. This saves th* ex
tra weight caused by the necessary over
lapping of the lower mast and topmast
and the weight of the housing gear and
give also. It Is thought, a. stronger and
better braced spar.
Abolish Topmasts and Top-
Hainper. '
Will Carry Single Main Spar and
SHAMROCK'S RIGGING READY.
Immediately after the ceremony the
newly wedded couple will leave for a
bridal. trip to Southern California.
The bride will wear a dainty gown of
pale lavender crepe, trimmed
with lace and chiffon. A little toque to
match the' gown will complete the cos
tume. * .'. ,
To-day at noon "Miss Selina Dannen
baum and Jacob J. Gottlob, manager ' of
the Columbia Theater, will be married at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. M. R. Dannenbaum, 2219 California
street. Only the immediate relatives of
the contracting parties will be • present
when Dr. Voorsange*- pronounces the
happy CQupte husband and wife. Neither
bride nor groom will have any attendants.
and Manager Gottlob to Be
Quietly Celebrated.
Nuptials of Miss Selina Dannonbauni
WILL "BE MARRIED
AT NOON TO-DAY
When the grand officer goes to Hono
lulu he will bo accompanied by about
forty of the prominent Elks of thi3 State.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 28.— Judge
Jerome B. Fischer of Jamestown, N. Y.,
the grand exalted ruler of the Order of
Elk9, accompanied by his wife, arrived in
this city to-day.' He Is en route to Hono
lulu, where he will establish, the first
lodge, in the Hawaiian Islands, To-day
the local Elks tendered him a public re
ception at the Grand Theater, and to
night an elaborate banquet arranged oy
Exalted Ruler Enzensperger was given In
his honor. From Salt Lake Judge Fischer
will proceed to Portland and Seattle and
then go to San Francisco. From the lat
ter point he will sail for Honolulu, accom
panied by 100 members of the San Fran
cisco Icoges. The party will return In
time to allow Judge Fischer to attend the
meeting of the Grand Lodge at Milwau
kee in July.
alted ruler, there being two candidates for
the office. Theodore F. Bonnet, who
wishes to succeed himself, and Thomas F.
Dunne, the esteemed leading knight, who
wants to be promoted. On Saturday night
the Errand exalted ruler will be an hon
ored guest at a banquet to be given by
San Francisco Lodge in the maple room
of the Palace. ¦
Unless a speedy remedy is offered Inter
national complications, are likely to re
sult. -Trainmen are greatly wrought up.
The law which appjies to railroaders In
Mexico was passed many years ago. Mem
bers of the Order of Railway Conductors
here feel that owing to their proximity to
the border they are in a position to do
more to alleviate the conditions among
railway men In Mexico than lodges else
where, and have gone to work with a
will. There are said to be nearly 100
American ' trainmen • in prison - in various
parts of Mexico. Most of them have been
held- for months without -trial. ¦'¦ - >. •¦
EL PASO, Tex.. March 26.— Innumerable
arrests and indefinite Imprisonments with
out trial of American trainmen all over
Mexico have at last awakened members
of the Order of Railway Conductors along
the border to a realization of the fact that
It is high time to put an end to what they
characterize us an Intolerable, condition
of affairs. To-day a second Mexican Cen
tral train crew was arrested at
Juarez because their train killed a Mexi
can who ran upon the track- directly in
front of a rapidly moving locomotive. The
men were locked up to await trial, which
may take place at some time in. the future
that suits the, convenience of court offi
cials. . *
Less than a week ago another Mexican
Central crew, .whose train ran over and
killed a Mexican tramp who tried to board
it, were thrown into prison aod held ln
comunicado for *- seventy-two hours.
This crew consisted of Engineer Kelly and
his two American brakemen. • Kelly is
prominently connected. His father was
formerly agent at TopekaA and is now
chaplain at Fort Cook. n
Members of the local lodge. Order of
Railway Conductors, ! immediately took
hold of Kelly's case, and after thoroughly
investigating \ and convincing themselves
of the innocence of Kelly, and his associ
ates and of the injustice of their impris
onment, with no hopes of speedy relief,
decided to take the matter up with' the
Grand Lodge at Cedar Rapids. > The
American Consul at Juarez . .was also
called on for assistance,. and it was deter
mined by border railway men to. send a
delegation to Washington- to endeavor to
have the stringent and unjust Mexican
law modified by treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Americans. Take Steps to
Remedy Longstanding
Grievance.
TRAINMEN HELD
IN MEXICAN JAILS
YW :EROME B - FISCHER of Jamestown
¦ ' (N. Y.) Lodge. Protective and Be
1 nevolent Order of Elks, and who is
the grand exalted ruler of that or
der, will arrive ' in this city to-day
on his way to Honolulu, . where he ¦will i
institute a new lodee of the order. -He
wlll.be met at Port Costa by a committee
of local Elks, consisting of Past Exalted
Rulers J. R. Howell, J. O. Reis, H. S.
Manning, R. E, Miller and W. P. Lawlor,
and Joseph Martin, J. J. Gottlob, Robert
Churchill, J. A. Ulrich and Dr. E. N. Short
of San Francisco Lodge No. 3. The com
mittee will escort" him to the Palace Hotel
and he will remain in this city until April
1. In the meantime he will be the special
guest of San Francisco Lodge, whose
committee will take him. in charge and
let him discover what the hospitality of
San Francisco's contingent of . "the best
people on earth" is.
On Friday night the distinguished head
of the Elks will pay an official visit to
the lodge, on which occasion there will be
the election of officers for the ensuing
term, which will be an exciting one. There
will be, it Is expected, nearly 300 votes
cast. The creat contest will be for ex-
2199. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
maidene; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
Index. Horse," Wt, Jockey. St. V4. H. Fin.
2180 Hipponax, 4, 114. .Mounce 9 7122 U 2
2175 Letlger. 4. 103.. O'Connor 6. 8 1 1 1 ' 2 2
2169 The Gafflr. 3. 95.Murphy 2 ',61 5H33
2144 Aphrodls, 3, 89 Ransch 3 11 3 H 4 5
2026 K. Walcott, 4, 100.... See 4 2 1 6 4 5 2
2169 Master Cal. 3, lOo.Weds'd 7 -6 H 4^.65
1S29 Cambaceres, 3, 98.Matem 5 9 6 - 7 2 7 3
2056 L. Hooker, 6, 103.Treanorl 10 9 8 5
2140 Gold Beater, .".. 113. Howl 1 8 3 Vs 8 4 9 10
2169 Robert J. 3. 94...J. Dalyll 4 % 10 10
1740 B. Bohmcsn, 3, 101. DomlO 11 11 ' 11
Time-%. ::3V 4 ; %, :»H: %. l:C2Vi; %. 1:23H.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' br. g. by'Tlger-
Letltia. O'Connor outtalked Mounce. Aphrodls
quit. Master Cal told a funny story'. - Gold
Beater quit. •Disqualified for .fouling- and
placed last-
Betting— Hipponax, 7-2; Letlger. 13-6: The
Gafflr. 12: Aphrodls, 8; Katie Wolcott, 12; Mas
ter Cal. 5; Cambaeeres, 15; Louise Hooker, -100;
Gold Beater, ' 15; Robert J, . 25; Bill Bohman
ton. .8. ¦ '..¦'. ¦
21O8.- FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse, |350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey.. St. M. Str. Fin.
1702 Wardman. 3. 103..Domk 3 In 12 15'
2169 Illusion, 3. 89.... Ransch 2 5h 2 3 2 ns
2093 Canejo, 4, 100 : See 9 7 4 4 8 3 10
2163 Geo. Dewey. 3. 91... Daly 4 6 16 1 4 h
2140 C. Bravo. 3, 89... Butler 1 8 1' 5
2169 D. Along, 3. 103..Bennettl0 9 1 8 3 6 2
•.... Mlfford. 5. 110 Fogg 7 10 , 72 76
2162 K. Ennls, 3. 9».Fauntlry 6 3 »4 3 1 8 2
21t>2 A. Lee, 3, 92..Waterbury 8 2 H 9 4 9 15
',2162 Singer. 3, 89. ...J. Walsh 5 4 H 11 10 2 '
1984 D. Connors, 5, 105..Weddll H 1<> 5 11
Time-H. -.mi: «4. :25U; W. :49%: %. 1=2914.
Good start. "Won easily. Second and ¦ third
driving. Winner, P. C. Donaleche's b. .c by
Tammany-Belinda. Wardman plunged on be
cause of fast workout. Illusion did her best.
Dewey Wants strong riding. Bad consignment
altogether, i •
Betting— Wardman. 6-5: Illusion. 6; Canejo, 8;
George Dewey. 12; Catherine Bravo, 10; Dance
Along. 60; MllTorrl, 100; Katherine Ennls, 20;
Alpha Lee. 60; Singer. 15; Delia Connors. 40.
2107. FOURTH RACE-Flve and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-bids and upward;
purse. $350. - *
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. Sti %- Btr. Fin.
2110 Jennie, 5, 103...Dominick 4 2 hi 1 2 1 h
2171 Nullah, 4, 104. ...Mounce 1 12 2 3 2 4
2113 Genua. 5, 108. ...Bennett 6 3 % 3 4 3 5
2158 Antagone. 4. 104..0'Conr 7 5 ft 4 2 4 6 .
'2180 Artllla, 4. 104 Ransch 3 9. 5 h 5 H
! 21S8 Silver Garter, 4. 104. Daly 2 4 h 6 1 6 H
2167 Br. Prince, 6, 110. .Stuart 6 6 3 7 H -7 H
2153 Devereux, 4, 106..,.Enos8 7 2 8 % 8 »i
(209S)MeAlbert, a, HO.-ttowell 9 8 3 9 9
; 2C9S S.. William, 6, 105. Petrsn Left . .......
- Tlme^-l-16. :06H; 3-16. :18; 7,18. :4Hi; 5Hf.
1:07%. Bad Ftart. Won first three driving.
.Winner, W. IL Ketcheman's ch. m., by Him
yar-Lancet Mounce on Nullah threw the race
away. He let Jennie take the 'lead, and then
fell «hort of catching her. Genua outfooted.
Too^ short for Artllla. Garter can do better.
Scratched— Wallensteln 106. "The Singer 101. •:
>"Bettlng—Jennie, 6; Nullah,»4-5; Genua, 10;
Antagone. 7; Artllla. 10; Silver Garter.- 10;
Brown Prince, 60; Devereux, 15; McAlbert, 15;
Sweet William, 100; ,- ; ' , -
21OO. THIRD RACE— One mile and three
quarters; hurdle; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $130.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. »i- Str. Fin.
<!>172)RiQ Chico. 5, 141. ..Lloyd 3 1 n 12 11
2U4;May. Boy, 6. 145. With 1 fn 2 2 10 2 100 2 100
2081 Granger, a, 140.. Bennett 4 . 4 30 3 3
2113 J O C. a, 140 Cairns 1 3 20 Refused
2110 Yaruba, 5, 13S...Hueston 6 5 Fell ...
2100 Dlomed. 4, 130.C. Brown 5 Fell
2145 Faversham, 5. 139.Corbly 8 Fell ... ...
2CS0 Romany, 5, 139..Lenhart 7 Refused ...
Time— 3:21 Good start. AVon easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, J. Sullivan's ch.
h. by imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D. A very clever
comedy with a good plot, abounding In ticklish
situations, prettily staged, an excellent j sup
porting company, with the hero victorious after
all. Scratched— Colonel Root 140, OHnthus 157,
Raclvo 126.
Betting— Rio Chico, 16-5; May Boy. 13-5;
Granger, 20; J O C. 13-5; Yaruba, 15; Diomed.
15; Faversham, 40; Romany, 30.
2105. PPCON'D RACE— Six and a hair fur
longs; selling; three-year-old§; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. •£• Str. Fin.
2176 Eonic. 96 Hanach 4 14 15 15
2181 Bernota, 107....Domlnick 1 4 % 3 n 21
(2182)Sablime, 103...... J. Daly 5 3 2 2n Z V,
21S1 Tony Lopping. 103.Mnce 6 S h 5 3 4 4
21S6 B. Caldwell, 105.O"Connr 2 7 h 6 8 5 1
1354 lntroductor, 114... Turner 3 2 3 4 »4 6 5
1S73 Merl(}a. 93. .....J. Walsh '8 6 1 75 7 3
2170 Immodell. 100 Bell 9 5h 85 8 6
2146. B. Stone, 95.:R. Murphy 7 9 9 9
Tlme-1-16. :C6%; M, :24; hi, :W. 6W. 1:21.
Good . start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. _ A. J. Stemler &'Co.'a ch. f.
by Kon-Mcrmalil. Konic made a sneak at the
start. Vigorous riding might have landed Sub
lime closer up. Tony Lepplng and Caldwell
cut oft at start. Latter could have won. ln
troductor had a world of speed, but •was not
ready. Merlda almost -left. Scratched — Satin
Coat 98. Moonbright 9!?. Nellie Forest 100.
Betting— Eonlc, 6; Bernota, 9-2; Sublime, 12;
Tony Lepplng. 18-5; Benson Caldwell, 2; lntro
ductor, 10; Merlda, 50; Immodell, 150; Birdie
Stone, 30.
TANFORAiTST PARK— Tuesday. March
26, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. V
2104. FIRST RACfi-Five and a half fur
longs; telling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse. $2£0. ,": ¦ \ • .
Index. Horse, " Wt. Jockey. St. Vt-' %• Fin.
2122 Al. Garter, 4. 104..O'Can 4 1 V4 1 2 11
217S Midian. 6, 105.... Mounce 2 4 1 4 1 2n
2172 MontanuB. 5. lOS.Murphy 9 11 2 10 1 3 2
2092 Osmond. 5, 110....Howell 8 6 1 3 y, 4 3
2153 G. Finder, 4, lC6.Materne 6 6 % 6 I 5 1
2CS<3 [>ur.boy, a. 105..Domnck 1 3 h . 2 1 6 M
2158 St. Anthony. 4. 101.Wlehl2 '9 \i « V4 7 V4
2066 Forma tus. 4. 101.. Butler 8 12 8 1 8 1
21c! I Don't Know, a, lOa.Seell 8 1 11 9 3
1236 Zurich, 5, HO..Wedstr*dlO 2 1 7 2 10 M
2U9S Pat Murphy, a. 105. Kelly 5 10 h 12 113
1189 Klcardo. a, 113. ..Shields 3 7 H 9 2 12
Time— 1-16. :06H; 3-16. :1SH: 7-16, :42; 5fct.
\:0SM: Good start. Won easily. ' Second and
third driving. Winner," P. Oilfoyle'a ch. m.
by Imp. Golden Garter-Alary.' Winner - had
epe'ed and all the luck. Better handled. Mon
tairia would have won.- He closed very strong.
Osmond made a fair showing...- Dunboy quit.
fet Anthcny away badly. Zurich not ready.
Betting— Alary*8 Garter^ 5-2; Midian, 9; Mon
tanus, 8; Osmond, 9; Gold Finder, 13; Dunboy,
6; St. Anthony, in; Formatus. 23: I Don't
Know, 15; Zurich, 20; Pat Murphy, 30; Ricardo,
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
"I am.*' said the witness emphatically.
The witness related how Swenson &
Sons had refused to cafh the check, and
said that he had learned of Rice'B death
at their office. Subsequently witness told
how he had -been given a check for $135,-
OCW on the Fifth Avenue Trust Company,
which he- had taken to the office of that
company to have certified. He succeeded
in having the check certified. Witness
admitted he had not mentioned at the
bank that Rice was d"ead. The two checks
were placed in evidence. Patrick, the wit
ness s=a!d. upon his seturn from the office
of Swenson & Sons had informed him that
Rice was dead, "had passed away early
on Sunday afternoon."
"So you are positive Patrick sent you to
cafh Mr. Rice's check for $25,000 and did
not tell you he was dead? Are you sure
of that?" asked Mr. Osborne. "
Sir. Osborae then examined Short at
length concerning his last visit to the
house of Mr. Rice on the 21st of Septem
ber, two days before the death of Mr.
Riee. Mr. Osborne then nns<=pd over th«
incidents following immediately upon th*
death of Mr. Rice. Witness related how
he had been sent to Swenson &. Sons to
cash a check for $25,000. He did not know
that Mr. Rice was dead at the time, Pat
rick had not told him.
"Yes; he asked me not to say anything
about it until after he was dead and
gone."
The witness then said Rice handed the
will to Myers, Patrick's law partner, who
glanced it over and returned it, and Mr.
Rice sat at his desk and signed all the
papers. Myers and Short then signed as
witnesses. Osborne handed him the will,
which he identified. The witness also iden
tified three other papers as documents
which he had executed as Commissioner
on June 30. When the will had been exe
cuted it was handed to Myers to take to
Patrick's office.
"Did Mr. Rice Fay anything to you re
garding the will?" asked Mr. Osborne.
"Did > ou see Mr. Rice sign those papers,
including the will?" Short said he did.
He »iaid he signed the three documents
and Rice then said, "Gentlemen, while
you are here 1 want you to witness an
other paper, my last will and testament."
"On June 30 you said you had acknowl
edged three papers for Mr. Rice?" asked
Assistant District Attorney Osborne.
"Yes." He also said he had witnessed
another, a will.
At the afternoon session Short resumed
the stand and said he had failed to nnd
the book in which he put down the dates
when he had visited Rice's house.
The witness identified a paper that he
had acknowledged as Commissioner of
l>eeds. The paper was offered in evidence
by the prosecution, who expected to prove
that it was a forgery. Counsel for the de
fense objected on the ground of irrele
vancy, and the paper was excluded tem
porarily. The prosecution brought out
from the. witness that he had been at Mr.
Rice's house on business on May 26, June
IS), Septen.ber 7, September 19 and Septem
ber 21. two days ber'ore Rice's death. Short
paid he might have been at the house of
Mr. IUce on other occasions. He had wit
nessed several assignments of property to
be filed in the State of New York.
The i:rst witness was l>avid L.. Short, a
publisher of Brooklyn. Short said he be
came a Commissioner of Deeds of Texas
at the suggestion of Patrick. Jones was
introduced to him, he said, as the private
eecrt-tary of a wealthy Texas client of
1'atricK.s. The witness admitted that on
several occasions he had left his official
eeal at the apartments of Mr. Kice alter
transacting business there. Witness said
he had never acted as a commissioner for
any one except Mr. Kice, and that was at
the request of Patrick. Witness had
never recn Patrick at Rice's house until
after Mr. liice's death. Jones was ex
cluded from the courtroom while the wit
ness was testifying.
NEW YORK, March 26.-Albert T. Pat
rick, the lawyer who is accused of mur
dering William M. Bice, the aged Texas
millionaire, last September, was given a
preliminary hearing before Judge Jerome,
sitting as a committing magistrate, to
day. The charge against Patrick is based
on affidavits made by Charles F. Jones, a
valet in the employ of the late millionaire
at the time of his death, and by Professor
W'Stthaus, an expert chemist.
RICE'S ALLEGED
SLAYER IN COURT
Witness Tells flow Patrick
Sent Him to Cash Mil
lionaire's Check.
Commissioner of Deeds Short Did Not
Hear of Bice's Death Until He
Presented It for Pay
ment.
. C0LUMBU3. Ohio. March 26.— Seven
men robbed the Somerset bank at about
1:30 o'clock this morning. Only about $5000
in cash was taken, the robbers In their
hurry overlooking $3000 in gold coin and
$30,000 in bond3 and time securities. Three
men worked in the bank and four were
stationed as sentinels near by.
At the first explosion Mr. Hayes, mrtng
opposite the bank, came out and was met
by a sentinel, who told him to get back
into the house If he did not want hl3 head
blown off.' Mr. rLovett; another citizen,
took four shots at the robbers, which
were "returned, and a fusillade waj kept
up for some time.'
* Armed citizens pursued the robbers
some distance north, and the polico here
notified ail nearby towns and instructed
them to keep a sharp lookout fur the
bandits. The Sheriff cf Perry County, at
New Lexington, was notified ard drove to
Somerset \Hth bis bloodhounds. The
dogs readily tuok up the trail, which let!
from a blacksmith shop where the tools
were obtained, thence to a livery stablo
and to the bank. Two rigs had. been
stolen, and after the robbers had driven
away the officers waited for daylight to
follow the wheel tracks. A hard fight is
expected If tha band is captured.
After the robbers had completed their
work the men were lined up In single file
and the leader gave the order, "All ready ;
forward, march."
The robbers were as cool as soldiers on
dress parade.
The stolen horses were recovered about
4 o'clock three and a half milea from
•town.* where they had been abandoned.
The robbers were then making their way
toward Hadley Junction.
The bank at Somerset Is located In a
brick building, and the force of the explo
sions blew out the entire front and scat
tered debris all over the street. The bank
Is a State institution. Samuel Ream is
the president and A. B. Ream the cashier.
The loss is fully covered by insurance and
thejbank is not crippled financially.
by Posses.
Their Escape Followed
Exchange Many Shots "With th»
Townspeople, bat Hake Good
Seven Men Blow Open Bank
Vaults, Getting Little
Coin for Pains. 1 .
ARMED CITIZENS
PURSUE ROBBERS
Passengers Demand $62,000 From
( the Pacific Mail Steamship
/ ; Company.
The case of John J. English and others
against the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany came to "trial yesterday- before
United States District Judee.de Haven
without a Jury. The suit was brought by
John J. English and 123 others ta recover
$500 damages each, a total of $62,000, Tor
alleged breach of passenger contract.
The complaint alleges that "on Septem
ber 27. 1300. ¦ the ' plaintiff s entered into a
contract, with W. R; Grace & Co. to take
care of a shipment of horses on the trans
ports Nuremburg and Samoa to China for
the use df the German army. The con
tract provided for the return of! the men
in the European steerage; that' Grace &
Co. paid' for .their passage accordingly
from Nagasaki to San Francisco on the
Rio dc Janeiro, and ihat the steamship of
ficials placed them in the Asiatic steer
age to mingle with Asiatics and fed them
on "rancid and rotten feed, foul smellintr
and unwholesome, mixed with bay leav«;3
to dispel Us nauseating flavor/.'. The com
plaint alleges also that the plaintiffs were
injured in health and in mind and body
by reason of the bad quarters and food.
The answer of the steamship comoany
denies the allegation cf TAsiatlc steerage
and bad food. It contends that the ..Eu
ropean steerage and' the Asiatic steerage,
though on the same' deck, were separated
by a canvas bulkhead stretched from the
floor to the celling and that the complain
ants were f&d and lodged In European
' i ill iiij|'l!i>»i»nllOlM'mfp*"» ijijBjjiidliiiiiLui i, i
Several of the plaintiffs testified yester
day in support of : the allegations of the
complaint and the trial -will "be* resumed
this morning. '- •• • '¦ ¦
Riordan & Lande' appear' for the. plain ¦
tiffs and J. E. Foulds for the defendant.
J^ANCID FOOD FED ON
X'r '/¦ THE .BIO DE JANEIRO
Probable Winners. .
Firet race— Panaenion, Decoy. Sugden. •
Second race — Contestant, Barklyite, Sir Claus.
Sixth ra«s — One mile and a sixteenth, four
jfar-olds and upward; purse.
1987 Joe Rlpley. ..'... 114 J16« Lavator HI
(2167)Cromwell : .114 2112 Gonfalon 110
2178 Rosormonde ...109 1S49 VesuVian 110
2185 Formero 114 1 2173 Star Chamber.. 110
Fifth race — Seven furlongs, three-year-olds;
selling.
2164 Illllotion .101 (2134)Fondo .107
2170 Invlctus 107 2176 Skip Me ...105
2152 Moonbright ....105 2134 Cantlnus 102
2134 Xellle Forest... 101 2078 Klngstelle 97
I. Fourth race — One mll<?,' three-year-olds and
upward; purse. .
(2161)Edpardo 1071 2178 Precursor IIS
; 21S1 William Ack... 93l 2178 Dr. Cave 110
.2190 Rolling Boer...,106| 2171 Redwald .•. 110
Third race — Six and a half furlongs, four
ycar-oldR and upward; selling.
2187 Lomond 105 2128 Nettie Clark... 99
2120 Goldone 105 21S1 Don Luis 98
211S Mocorito ' 96 2191 Campus 108
21*3 Prejudice 103 2175 Salvador 101
2092 Montallade 101 2156 Pilot . 95
illi KoeniK SSl 2142 L.ooram ......... SS
, Second race— Three furlongs, maiden two
year-old colts and geldings; purse.
2099 Sir Claus.. 115 1 2087 PUesian 112
Quiet 115 2177 Contestant 112
2177 Dandy 115 2165 El Bano 112
• 2154 Barklylte 112 .... Roberts geld.... 112
¦'.... Brunswick 112 2134 Prank Bain 115
.... Redan "...112' 2099 Dr. McNutt....ll5
• g s3 VERY messenger boy, "copper,"
barber, "hasher," street car con
™"^ ductor, bookmaker, hand book-
II i man, cigar stand v layer of odd3,
race-groins 1 woman and "regular"
possessed the' secret that Wardman would
win the fifth event yesterday at Tanforan.
It was a seven-furlong selection and
eleven as good and healthy looking maid
ens 'as were ever omitted from the hack
and cab service galloped toahe post. The
bookies.laid 6 to 5 until the drop curtain
fell, because they thought it a case of the
doer that. howled loudest getting away
with the bone. No doubt some few of
them are still paying off, for with Dom
inick on his back Wardman won pricking
his ears by five open lengths before Illu
sion and Canejo. The winner, for a lowly
ie aid en with no pretensions to class, had
shown well in workouts and the employes
of the bottling works had distributed the
information gratuitously in, advance,
which precluded any sort of a fair price
being obtained.
In fact.. the entire card was one that
catered to the cheaper class of racing ma
terial, possibly the hardest the talent has
been-asked to grapple with this season.
Upsets were looked for, and they: came.
Of the favorites besides Wardman, Alarys
Garter was the only one to abscond with
a purse. Class seems to cut no figure
anyhow, for the attendance was again
large.
By his own admfssion, according to the
Judges, Mounce and his mount Hipponax,
after finishing first for the final seven
furlong event, also for maidens, were dis
qualified and the race given to Letlger.
To many it looked as if Hipponax was
best, and that O'Connor, in desperation,
had worked the shop-worn dodge of pull
ing up as if dreadfully fouled when he
saw all was lost. Both Hipponax and
Letig-er, the latter a 13 to 5 favorite, came
from far back, the former winning by a
couple of lengths. When opposite the pad
dock Hipponax bore in and O'Connor ap
parently had to ease up with Letlger.
Called into the stand, Mounce admitted
that his horse -bumped Letlger not only
opposite the paddock but again farther
down the stretch. On this admission the
purse was awarded to Letiger. Even at
that there is ground for disputing the
fairness of the disqualification. O'Connor
has ridden several years and knows -what
time it is. Further, when on a beaten
horse and the slightest provocation arises
he w}U pull his horse* up and cast a de
spairing look at the stand. The trick is
dusty and shop worn and was tried with
some success long before u«e> old-fash
ioned photograph of mother was found in
the attic and the house where the author
was born had been replaced by a seven
teen-story skyscraper, in this particular
instance, however, the ruling was no
doubt a just one.
A big bunch of twelve started in the in
troductory five and a half furlong scram
ble, for which Alarys Garter, with O'Con
nor in the saddle, ruled favorite. The air
was full of flying tips on Montanus, Rl
cardo, Zurich and Dunboy. O'Connor was
fortunate in getting away first with the
favorite, winning from the jump. • Midian,
on the rail, got the place from the fast
closing- Montanus. .
This was followed by a six and a half
furlong sprint, for which Pat Dunne's
three-year-old Benson Caldwell came in
for steady support "at odds »of 2 to 1.
O'Connor had the leg up, and in an en
deavor to get a flying start ran into *a
pocket as the barrier was released. Eonic.
ridden by J. Ransch, went out in the lead
and was never caught, beating Bernota
and Sublime home in ragtime. Introductor
ran under wraps to the etretch, when he'
fell back.
Of the eight "leppers" that started in
the mile and three-quarter hurdle num
ber only three finished. Rio Chlco, ridden
by Lloyd and accorded • extensive wise
support, held May Boy safe at "the close,
scoring with comparative ease. Granger,
a 20 to 1 shot, ran third. J O C, the fa
vorite, refused to jump on the back
stretch while leading the second division
¦up to the firing line. Dlomed turned a
flip-flap on the backstretch also, and his
rider, O. Brown, had his collarbone frac
tured.
Through a piece of " misjudgment
Jlonnw on the. favorite,-Nullah, threw
away the fourth event. ..Getting away
first, he thought the clip too fast, allow
ing Jennie, a* speedy mare from Harry
Sjover's string, to pick up the running.
In the run to the wire the latter did not
back up as Mounce had - figured arid the
favorite arrived late by a short head. The
winner was 6 and 7 to*l in the ring. Ed
Lanigan's Genua ran a fair third.
.
To-Day 's Entries.
»Flrst race —Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
upward: selling. ¦ j •
21C8 v Meadow Lark.,102 20?0 Melkarth 10S
1S40 Magnus 114 2145 Whale-back ....109
2151 Sugrden ...116 1«96 Decoy 110
2066 Favorlto 108 2174 Mary Ktnsella,.102
•215S FVml Play ..100 il.".f> Jim MoCleevy.,112
2086 Parmenlon 101 2194 Mldlan 117
BY F. E. MTTLHOLLAND.
Hipponax Captures a Race at Tanfprah arid
Is Discjualifiea==Selling Platers Out.
WARDMAN WINS A PURSE
WITH EVERYBODY ABOARD
(The. programme for.jthe three days has
not been arranged In its entirety, but it
iSj certain- that there will.' be at least two
parades. - The first will be held on Mon
day morning and will be headed by Presi
dent .McKlnley.., This- parade will be of a
civic nature, | and i- llf ty floats are now
pronged for. the line. , On the second day
a bicycle parade with' wheelmen .from all
parts -of the State will ; precede the big
racing meet. Only, bicycles and automo
biles will be in line; and It is believed
that two thousand machines will be pres
ent.- v . . ..•¦ .„-- •< . -¦¦: v. .-.* ¦:• -.¦¦'¦¦, ¦¦
Floyd, McFarland." who has recently.ar
rived from Los Angeles and will .train
here for the summer circuit, is arranging
a great bicycle meet. for one 'day of the
carnival.' All of , the star riders will be
among the entries, and many novel fea
tures, new In Western cycling, will: be on
the programme. The/v motorcycles that
McFarland brought from; France for pac
ing and which have' been, the subject: of
new regulations by -the American ."Wheel
men s. Association, Vvrlll be a part .of the
races. Several- automobile races willbe
run, and. athletic ? sports will be inter
spersed 1 with the cycling events.\ •-
A reception and ball at $1Q a head Which
was planned has beeti" frowned down.- The
carnival management .would not place Its
official sanction upon any attempt to ex
clude the people from greeting the Presi
dent by any njgh priced affair. The re
ception may be . taken up as - a private
proposition foy--som«-<of San Jose'sifash
ionables,, .but? It .will "not be given under
the carnival committee's sanction.
SAN JOSE, March 26 — The Garden City
Wheelmen have planned a unique feature
for the parade of the Carnival of Roses to
bo held here, as a greeting to President
McKlriley. Ten rows of riders,' thirteen in
a row, will represent the American flag.
Each rider 'will be garbed in the "color
pertaining to that portion of the flag of
which ho is a part and the whole body uf
riders will give a beautiful representation
of a waving banner. ' ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
Riders Will \ Be^ Garbed " and ; Grouped
So as to -Form a*n. Animated,/ .
Representation of "Old .
Glory." . \:g?ty
Pretty Feature of San Jose's
Reception to the
President.
WHEELMEN PLAN
UNIQUE PARADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ MARCH 27, 1901 .
LOCAL ELKS TO RECEIVE
GRAND EXALTED RULER
Jerome B. Fischer, Their Chief Officer, Will
Arrive- To-Day on His Way to Hawaii.
JEROME B. FISCHER OF JAMESTOWN; N.T.I GRAND EXALTED RUL
ER. OF THE ELKS,'. WHO WILL REACH -THIS CITT TO-DAT EN
, ROUTE TO THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
Al Hampton, one "of the. foremost, hand
ball players on this coasO has i a ¦ big con
tract on his ; hands. He Is '" scheduled to
play a match pamn against George James
and William Curtwrlght of the "Olympic
Club, to-morrow night. 1 ; ;The 'club, mem
bers are greatly interested in the outcome
of the gam» and arc eagerly awaiting the
contest. Hampton Is a marvelous player '
but it la thought James. and Cartwright
will be ; too much ' for him. - The latter are
the best : players in 5 the! club .and play ml
stiff game. There is consldorable-.bettintr
on the contest and each side has its fol
lowers. ' ...
Hampton to Play Two - M«n.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FRKTOlSr
A Most Bemarkablo Remedy That
Kuiekiy Restores Lost Vigo?
to' Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the meriuil ind
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute t has decided to distribute
.free trial packages to all/who write It
is a home treatment, and all men 'who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak bark
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, eivlng strength
and development Just where It is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from year* of misuse of the natura.1
functions and has been an absolute sue
cess in all cases. A request to the sVa»«.
Medical Institute. 228 .Elektron bulldlner
Fort Wayne. Ind.. statkig: that you desire
one of their free trial packages, win be
compiled with promptly. The Institute la
desirous of reaching that {Treat class of
men who are unable to leave home to b<»
treated, and the free sample will enable
them, to see mm easy it Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when^ih« proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions.- Any man whotwrites+will
he sent a free sample, carefully sealed
in a .plain packape, no that Its recipient
ne»A have no Tear* of embarrassment or
publicity. Headers are requested to write
without delay. ,
ggj*| You drink some beers that cause bilious headache. Perhaps K?S}
jkjjffl ' The cause of biliousness is the lack of age —^too much haste flnSl
i||S to put the beer on the market. To ferment beer thoroughly jggpl
ySi requires a process of months. Without it the fermentation takes ifi)!
pfS place in your stomach. That is the cause of biliousness. fl*J
OP Hurried beer is unhealthful. Schlitz beer is kept for months 6^
Wm .in refrigerating rooms with a capacity df '265,000 barrels — kept fflQ
almost at freezing point until iris well fermented. Schlitz beer is W}M
never marketed until thoroughly aged. ' Li-J
a/Jj 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 213-11 Market St., San Francisco. §£vflSteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
The firm of French & Scott, dentists,
popularly supposed to be a lira partner
ship, has been dissolved. -
The members ot the firm were soles to
make It French A Frencn and so had In
formed all their friends. They had their
offices together and side by side they hap
pily drilled and tapped and yanked, these
two. Dr. Howard \V. French and Dr.
Fannie E. Scott, but now Dr. Fannie has
packed up her forceps and the other
nerve-racking paraphernalia of her pro
fession, which she will continue to prac
tice, but as Dr. Fannie Scott. She has an
nounced that she will shortly move to
new quarters and begin over again.
The French-Scott entente had become
so thoroughly accepted among the young
couple's wide circle of acquaintances that
the breaking of the engagement has ex
cited wide comment. For two years their
friends have been awaiting the announce
ment of the date of the marriage. ' Now
that it is all off both practitioners are be
sieged with inquiries as to how it came
about, but the young people are reticent.
Dr. Scott refused to make any state
ment at all, further than to confirm the
fact that the expected marriage would not
take place.
Dr. French would only say: "Yes. Dr.
Scott and I are no longer engaged. Thers
is nothing more to say. I don't think any
explanation is due the public."
Drs. Howard French and
Fannie Scott Break
Engagement. ;,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March SS.
DENTAL AND LOVE
FIRM DISSOLVES
NOTE— Tha : high - and - low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of- High and Low
Waters at • Fort Point. . entrance to San
Francisco ¦ Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 17.
Via Marlposa Big: Trees and Inspiration
Point is now open for tourists. Tickets
and eleeplng car reservations at 613 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Ybsemite 'Valley
NOTE— In ; the . above exposition of the tides
the early mornirur tides are iclven In the left
hand column and the . successive , tides of > the
day; in the order . of . occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of • tha day. except ' when there are but " three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast ; Survey - charts, except . when a
minus ;(— ) sign precedes "the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by. the charts. Th? plane of reference;
Is the mean of the lower low water*. ¦
Kohn Seeks Mellman's Arrest
L. Kohn, 17 Chapman street. East Oak
land, secured a r warranf* In Judge. Ca
banlss' court yesterday for the arrest of
Heinrich Mellman, 4Z Columbian building,
on a charge of felony ; embezzlement.
Kohn alleges that he gave Mellman $100 tc
buy an interest in an Kngllsh patent-for
n keyless lock In September. 1000, but Mell
man has retained the money and has not
secured the Interest !n the patent.
¦¦- Per Br'«tmr Gaelic— March 22. schr : Fred J
Wood." from : Payta, for Grays Harbor. '" .;--¦.-» ¦ .
¦ March . 12," lat 47 N.lon.9 W— Br shlpHar
lcch Castle,' from Antwerp, for I San Francisco.
i March 24,- lat 50 N, Ion 7.W— Br bark Strath
don,", hence Get 30, : for London. - ¦ -
Dec ¦; 27, lat iZ 37 S, Ion 69 46 W— Br bark
SPOKEN.
POINT . LOBOS,' March 26^J0'"p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity: 36 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
r "-; SAILED. ;
\ X Tuesday, March M.
Schr Repeat. Olsen, Santa Rosalia: ;
Stmr City of Peking. Smith,' Hongkong, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badeer, Ventura, v "¦ •
Stmr Bonlta, , Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Empire. Mac genn, Coos Bay. *
Btmr Gipsy, Iceland. ; Santa Crux. -
Stmr Navarro/; Hansen, .- • - .
U S stmr Iowa, ; Hooper, Puget Sound. ; '
Br stmr Saint Bede,' McPherson, : Portland. '
Br stmr Belgian King:, - Bruce, San Diego. •
. : Tuesday, March 28.
•Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr Queen, ; Thomas, San ; Diego; Goodall
Perkins & Co. '. ,
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, Victoria-
Goodall,, Perkins & Co. ,,¦ . , ,._ ,.-..-,
Br stmr Saint ' Bede, McPherson, Portland:
Williams, Dimond-& Co.-, . -. .~» -
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu;. "Welch & Co.
Schr ReDeat. Olsen, Santa Rosalia; F San
talller. - .
Schr Beulah,- Andersen, Klawack; North Pa
cific Trading and Packing jCo." :
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March 28.
Stmr. North Fork, McLellan, 23. hours from
Eureka. '
. Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 16 hours from Cle
one. ; • . *
Stmr Navarro, Hansen. 7 hours from Rules
Landing. ' - .. . .
Stmr Geo W ; Elder, Randall. 57 hours from
Portland, via • Astoria 48 hours. .. .
Btmr Roanoke, Weaver, 13^ days from Pa
nama. -¦¦.•.!- . i
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, M hours from Fort
Bragg. : .
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 53 hours from Coos
Bay;; ¦.'•¦¦•.-• ¦ :•*•:' ¦¦ ¦ ¦
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 49 hours from
San Pedro. - . ' ¦
¦ Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eu
reka. .:¦¦.. ¦ . - . -
Schr Balor Boy, Nielsen, 12 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Eliza Miller, Brummer, 32 days from
Tres Marias. .. • ¦-...- - .
Schr , Rio Rey, Olson, 36 hours from Mendo
cino.
WILL BE PROLIFIC
OF EJECTMENTS
Decision for Railroad in
Hyatt Case Causes
Uneasiness.
The decision of the Supreme Court In
the case of the Southern Pacific Company
egainst J. W. Hyatt, handed down on the
16th instant and In favor of the railroad.
Trill result in many ejectment suits by the
corporation and consequent uneasiness en
the part of hundreds of owners of land
¦whose titles are affected by the ruling.
Chief Counsel Herrin of the railroad com
pany is preparing to at once oust those
who are holding lands which. In view of
the decision, they are not legally en
titled to.
The Southern Pacific Company brought
suit to eject Hyatt, who for more than
twenty years had maintained a hotel in
a building distant about 1C0 feet from the
Central Pacific Railroad. The Congres
sional act under which the railroad was
built grants a right-of-way for 200 feet In
width on each side cf the cenler of the
railroad, and the Southern Pacific Com
pany, contending tliat the company's
granting act created a public highway 4iX)
lcet wide within which no person may
lawfully settle or acquire prescriptive
right, brought suit to eject Hyatt. The
Superior Court of Flacer County herd
rpainst the Southern Pacific Company on
the grounds that Hyatt, by adverse occu
pancy and the payment of taxes for more
than five years, had acquired prescriptive
title to the lands in £uit.
As there are mary persons occupying
lands within "00 fr-et of this railroad claim
ing title as did IIyr»' w t. by adverse occu
pancy, this decision 1.-. of general interest.
The decision starts out by saying:
Th» cuMitiors involved In this appeal are:
<1) Whether a railroad rlsht of way if such
a fiublic uis* as to prevent the running of the
Etatute of limitation*, cr the acquisition of an
adverse titl* thereto by r'reKciiDtlcn ? (2) In
cue of intrusion ui>on euch ricnt of v.ay, Is
ejectment the inoper remedy?
The decision, after Baying that "the
questions involved are not new, butHhave
been passed upon frequently in the courts
of the I'nited Staves, of this State and
cf other States." and quoting from such
decisions, holds that the Southern Pacific
right-of-way for 200 feet on each side of
Its read is such a p"klic use as prevents
the statute of limitatipns from running In
favor of. an adverse occupant of ground
within those limits, and that ejectment Is
the proper remedy to dispossess such oc
cupants.
and Daniel lie Laughlln on a charge of as
sault to murder committed upon Police
Sergeant J. SL Lewis In the house of
Thomas Bryant on Rhode Island street
March 16 was commenced before Judgo
Fritz yesterday morning. The defendants
were represented br Attorney McGregor.
Sergeant Lewis was able to v appear In
court with his head covered with ban
dages. He told a' dramatic story of the
assault upon him. After relatine the In
cidents that led up to U he said that when
the two. brothers advanced upon him he
drew his revolver and threatened to shoot.
The revolver was knocked out of his hand
and the brothers grappled with him. Ho
threw Alfred to the floor and fell on top
of him. Bryant threw himself on top cf
Lewis to save him as much as possible,
and after a general ra!x-up they got to
their feet. While Lewis was struggling
with Alfred Daniel .seized a mllkcan an.i
k^pt Btrlklng the sergeant on the head
with it. Bryant ran out of the house for
assistance and Daniel continued beating
Lewis on the head with the milkcan, hit
ting him more than two dozen times alto
gether till he fell exhausted on the floor.
He pretended to be unconscious, but the
two brothers kept up the assault
They got a heavy window sash and beat
Lewis on the body and shoulders, and
one of them rot a raxplcker's Dole ! and
struck him repeatedly with it. Then they
walked to the door and one of thpm re
marked: "We don't want any dying state
ment in this job. Let us go back and
finish him." They returned, and one of
them took Lewis' handcuffs out of his
pocket, and while ,one kept striking him
with them the other struck him with the
milkcan. Thinking: he was dead, they
went awar."
Other witnesses examined were Thomas
Bryant, Drs. • Dodsworth and Williams
Henry Finkeldey and Officers Brown and
Lycett. A continuance was then granted
till Saturday. .
McLaughlin Brothers Beat
Him Till They Think
Him Dead.
_« —
The preliminary examination of Alfred
LEWIS' TERRIBLE
TALE OF ASSAULT
Branch 'Hydrographies .Office, U. S. N., Mer
¦ • chants' " Exchange. ¦ San Francisco. Cal./
• •March II. I nil I. miW|"llifil|pnniHIIIHWrii IHill
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. - e.," at noon of . the 120th • meridian, or at I
o'clock p.m., Greenwich time.
v-- „ ' C G. CALKINS.
\ Lieutenant Commander,' U. S. N., , In charge.
Time Ball.
BINGAPORE-^Passed March 26— Stmr Indra
pura.-from Calcutta, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 26— Stmr Sierra,
from San Francisco,, via Honolulu, for Sydney.
¦ CORONEL— Sailed March . 24— Stmr West
minster, from San Francisco, for St Vincent.'
BREMEN— Sailed March 26— Stmr Rhcln, for
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed March 23— Stmr Aorj
anel tor Vancouver. : ¦ •
¦- VALPARAISO — Arrived ¦ • March 26 —Stmr
Heathcralt, ¦ from i San Francisco, for St Vin
cent.' C-V- (for coal)., ¦:*¦' •
PLYMOUTH— Sailed March 26— Stmr Pre
toria, from . Hamburg and • Boulogne, for New
NK'w YORK— Sailed March 26— Stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremen.
¦ Arrived ¦ March : 26— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, from i Bremen ; stmr Frlesland. -:. from
Antwerp;- stmr Vaderiand. from Southampton.
OCEAN 5 STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 26— Br stmr
Coptic. - hence • March ' 7. : . *'.¦ • -..
Sailed March 22— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
for Vancouver. < March 23— Stmr China, for San
AUCKLAND— Arrived Mfcrch 25— Stmr Sierra,
hence March?. - . ¦ -
FALMOUTH— Sailed March 24— Ger ship Al
tai r. - for Barrow. ,.-¦•-' ..--. -
DEAL— Passed March 24— Fr bark La Bruy
ere. from Shields, for San Francisco.
CARDIFF— Sailed March 25— Br bark Kll
"QlJKErfsTOw'N— Sailed March " 25— Br ship
SIDNEY— Arrived March 25— Schr A B John
son, from " Grays Harbor. -¦•; _ -j ¦'¦¦¦ \
SINGAPORE— Passed March 24— Br.stmr In
drauura. from Calcutta, for San Francisco..
BIRKBNHEAD- Arrived March 25— Br bark
Glenosll, from Tacoma. ; - ¦ -•;
; HULL— Arrived March 26— Br ship Penthe
silea. from Oregon. . • .
GRAVESEND— Sailed March 26— Ger ship
Alster, -for Santa Rosalia. ;;
FOREIGN PORTS.
H1LO— Arrived March 8— Bark St Katherine,
hence Feb 11. March 10— Bark Roberick Dhu,
hence Feb 25. ¦¦- March 11— Bktn S N Castle,
from Honolulu; brig J D Spreckels, from
Guam. - ¦¦-¦¦* ¦ ¦ »
Sailed ¦ March 14— Stmr American, for New
York. , March 16— Bktn S N . Castle, for San
Francl»co.
ISLAND PORTS,
' PORT : TOWNSEND— Passed in March 28-r-
Schr Okanogan, hence March 16, for Port Gam
ble; atmr Humboldt. from Skaguay. for Se
attle; Ger ship Nereide, from Yokohama.
Arrived March , 2fi— Nor bark Prince Arthur,
from Coqulmbo; schr Corona, from San Pedro.,
SEATTLE— Arrived March 25— Br stmr Teen
kal, from Shanghai. March 26— Stmr Macki
naw, hence March 22.
Arrived . March 2ft— Stmr Humboldt. from
Alaska.
NEAH BAT— Passed March 26— Schr Stlm
son. from San Pedro, for Ballard. '¦¦.-:-• v ¦••¦
VENTURA— Arrived March 26— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed March 26— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 26— Stmr
•Noyo, hence , March 25. ."
EUREKA— Sailed March 26— Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco.
Sailed- March 26^-Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco. .
ASTORIA— Arrived : March 26— Stmr Colum
bia, hence March 24. '¦>.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived March 25— Stmr Ri
val, hence March 21; bktn Echo, hence March
15: schr North. Bend, hence March 16.
TILLAMOOK — Arrived March 2S — Stmr
Acme, hence March 23. .
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed March 18— Schr
Antlope, for San. Francisco. «
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON, March 26— Ital ship Francesco
Clarnpa, previously reported as put Into Gib
raltar, ¦- is damaged above the water line. Re
pairs will require j some days. Will not dis
charge. . No damage to cargo.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Cambusdoon, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco. . . I -
Jan «, lat B6 42 S, Ion 67 06 W— Br bark Polly
Woodslde, from Iqulque, 1 for Falmouth.
Jan 6, lat 66 42 S. Ion 67 06 W— Ger . bark
Steinbek, from Tocopllla, for Dunkirk.
Steamship City of Peking Sails for
Hongkong.
The Pacific Mall Company's City of Pe
king got away on time for the Orient yes
terday. She took away a few passengers
for Hawaii, but only nine in the cabin
for Japan and China. Among the steer
age passengers were fifty-eight negroes
for work on the sugar plantations. Those
who' went away in the cabin were:
For Honolulu— Miss Laughlln, H. P. Connor
and wife. Walter Adams, G. A. Cullinen, O.
D. Tenney, M. Stuart, Z. S. Spauldlng, A. J.
Mlssen and wife. II. A. lsenberg, E. G. Dusln
bery, Mrs. J. W. Powell and two children.
Donald McLennon, H. Bazen and wife, A. G.
King. A. J. Breckman, Mrs. C. Cushlng, W.
A. Armstrong and J. H. Graham.
For Yokphama— V. HeuEter, Lieutenant J. R.
Mulllkln, E. W. Townsend and wife and C.
F. Chase. )
For Nagasaki— M. Pontlfex.
For Hongkong— Commander D. D. V. Stuart,
Mrs. D. D. V. Stuart and A. L». Sharp.
The City of Peking- carried a general cargo
valued at $215,746, manifested as follows: For
China, $93.960; -Japan, $63,713; Manila, $44,397;
East Indies, $4757; Korea, $2919; Vladivostok.
$6000. The cargo included the following:
For China— 3680 lbs abalone meat, 3 era
bicycles, 1777 lbs beans. .3670 lbs cheese, 800 c
canned goods, 262 cs cordials, 4845 lbs dried
fruit, 1000 bales 60 pkgs domestic 3131 , bbls
"flour. 14 pkgs electrical goods, 6 csks ginseng,
495 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3209 lbs ham
and bacon, 181 cs hardware, 17 pkgs household
goods, . 10 bales hay, 55,434 ft lumber, 20 cs
lemons, 7 era machinery. 700 lbs millstuffs, 700
kegs wire nails, 6000 lbs pearl barley, - 94 cs
paste. 9 cs rubber shoes, 5 cs salmon, 2263 lbs
sugar. • . ¦ f ¦
For Japan— 67 pkgs agricultural Implements,
8 cyls ammonia, 10 cs wood alcohol, 88 cs
canned goods, SO car wheels, 18S cs cordials,
400 bales cotton, 10 pkgs electrical goods. 510
bbls flour, 176 pkgs groceries and provisions, . 15
bales hose, 21 cs hardware, 20 rolls leather,
2058 pigs lead, 28 pkgs machinery, 2600 kegs
wire nails. 11 cs photo goods, 2159 lbs tallow,
16 cs wine, 5 cs watches and Jewelry, 10 pkgs
windmill.
For Manila— 6000 gals bottled beer. 5 cr« bi
cycles, 20 cs cocktails, 151 cs canned "goods, 13
pkgs dry goods, 19 cs drugs, 61 cs gin. 9 pkgs
glassware, 40 cs, hardware, 1040 lbs ham, 50 cs
catsup, 40 ' kegs rivets, 6500 crs potatoes, COO
kits pigs feet, 18 cs photo goods, 8 cs station
ery. 80 bdls blotting paper. . 200 bars steel, 40
kegs sauerkraut, 61 cs vermouth, 7 cs shoes,
31S0 gals 1347 cs whisky. 170 cs 256 gals wine.
For East Indies— 2600 gals boiler . compound,
379 cs canned goods, 8 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 1200 lbs lard, 478 cs salmon. ,
For Korea— 19 pkgs groceries and provisions,
3 cs dry goods. 17 coops poultry, 20 pkgs ma
chinery. 2000 gals bottled beer. .' .
For Vladivostok— 741 . pkgs agricultural' Im
plements. ¦ ' " I'''-.. u
Accidents on Various Vessels.
Pat Gilmore, a stevedore, met with an
accident on the steamship Saint Bede yes
terday that cost him his life. While
helping to dischargp the vessel's cargo of
hemp he lost his balance and. fell Into the
hold. When he was taken to Howard
street wharf . he was to all appearances
dead.- A call was- sent In for, the Harbor
Hospital ambulance and the man was sent
out to the City Hall. ; On his arrival there
T>rs. Bunnell and Armistead trephined the
skull and found a' fracture that extended
to the base. Gilmore remained in a semi
conscious condition during the day,, and
died at. 7:30 p.. m.
William Sullivan, a lad employed by the
Brenner-Ullman Company at 19 Battery
street, tried ¦ to catch a knife; that was
falling ¦ from a table. The point of the
blade struck his wrist and severed; the
radlalartery and nerve. . It took the doc
tors at. the ;¦ Harbor; Hospital nearly four
hours to tie up the severed vein and save
the boy's life. ¦ ,
¦ Fred Belenberg from the .brig Lurline.
A. Howard - from the - transport Buf ord
and E. Crawshay from the transport War
ren, were all treated for slight but pain
ful Injuries at the Harbor Hospital dur
ing the day. ¦ -._: - x '
Salizar's Courage Fails Him.
When R. W. GIssler, mate, of. the; bark
rntine City,' of Papette, • stepped ashore : at
Union-street wharf yesterday morning 1 - he
found a coat on one of the stringers. .-? In
one of the pockets was an envelope ad
dressed "Mrs. I. S- — . 856 Howard street;
San Francisco." Glssler took the coat and
MAIL FOR THE ORIENT.
p^l^HE Panama Railroad Company's
I chartered steamship Roandke ar
! rived from Panama and way ports
1L yesterday after a very rough pas
sage. During a four days' gale in
the gulf of Tehuantepec the vessel was
swept by heavy seas and much damage*
was done. The pilot-house was stove In,
ventilators carried away, storm ports
smashed In and the cabins flooded. Three
seas broke aboard, one after the other, on
the mornins of the 17th, and the passen
gers ftared that the vessel would never
clear herself of the body of water that
was hurled on her decks.
In his report the captain says:
Left Panama on March 12 with a fair wind
and smooth pea. Before many hours had
passed we ran into a heavy NNWi gale, dur
ing which the vessel labored heavily. For four
daya the storm rased and some seas that broke
over us started the starboard railing-, carried
away the JackstaiT and ventilators, stove in
the pilot-house and tore four of the storm
ports off their hlngca. At 1 a. m. on the 17th
Ir.st. ' v/c had to heave the ship S to and for
elaven hours i we hail to grin and bear it.
From that time until port was ¦ reached we
had nothing but heavy northwest gales and
head seas to contend with.
The Roanoke will be repaired and will
make one more trip to Panama for the
railroad company, after which she will go
into the Nome trade.
Notice is hereby given that the Mare Island
Strait shoal beacon light, a thre«-pile structure
surmounted by a - fixed white lantern light,
marking th« shoal at the entrance to Mare
Island Strait, San Pablo Bay, California, re
cently fiestroyed by collision, has been rebuilt
about SCO yards to the eastward of Its former
position In 11 feet of water. • The light i will
be exhibited from this date.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Ccast. 1901," page 18,' No.
S8, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1901." page 25.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
' ¦;¦'¦- U. . SEVBREE.
Commander, U. S. N. t Lighthouse Inspector
Twelfth. District.
SAN PABLO BAY. CALIFORNIA
Notice ¦ Is hereby given that th» three-pile
beacon, red, No. 10, on southerly side of Al
vlso channel, lower part of Pan Francisco Bay,
destroyed December 10. 1900, has been rebuilt.
The position of this beacon Is slightly changed
to the northward . and Is now on the point of
the shoal. The . new bearings are: Beacon
No. 7, SB. % E.; Ravcnswood "Wharf, SW. H
S.: Potrero Point, W. % N.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, liOl," page 23. .. w\:;
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRAXCISCO BAY. CALIFORNIA.
The schooner Repeat sailed yesterday for
Santa Rosalia with the following cargo, val
ued at $22. MS:
270 gala . wine. 22 bdls 100 pes pipe, 29 coil»
cordage. 12S bdls shovels, 8 bdls forks, 8 bdls
scoops, 1021 bbls (lour, 6125 lbs bran, 2000 gals
coal oil. 21 cs picks, 72 bdls handles, 51,709 lh.»
corn, 15,654 lbs beans, 43,674 lbs sugar, 140 ska
lire clay, 8000 lbs rice. 27 cs dry goods, 8 cs
paint. 810 cs oil, 2158 bales hay, 3827 lbs tallow.
3005 lbs rosin, 16 bbls tar. 10 cs gasoline, 15,611
lbs cofTee, 300 cs paste, 12 bdls brooms, 3390 lb»
salt, 100 cs salmon, 1700 lbs chocolate, 16.614 ft
lumber.
The Alice A. Leigh, which waa reported
chartered, is free, her- engagement being can
celed. .--
A Cargo for Mexico.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship : Eaton Hall, now out
105 days from Tacoma for Callao, has been
added to the overdue fleet. The under
writers were paying 25 per cent to reinsure
vessel and cargo yesterday. _•¦ • :
Another Overdue British Ship.
Inquiry developed the fact that the man
Is Frank Sallzar. a half-demented section
hand, and that the woman Is his wife,
Ida. Mrs. Sallzar deserted her husband
about three weeks ago and In order to re
regaln her love and to Induce her to re
turn to him Sallzar feigned suicide. Sall
zar and his wife were married about two
years ago and lived happily together until
she became tired of him and deserted him.
Since that time he has been very despond
ent and has showed signs of an unbal
anced mind. His wife returned to him in
the afternoon.
letter to the Harbor police station, where
the missive was opened. It began "My
dear Ida." and went on to accuse her of
having been faithless and of frevientins
an opium joint. Then it went on to tell
her that the writer was going to commit
suicide and that a Mrs. Myback and her
husband knew about It.' •'
STEAMSHIP ROANOKE IN A GALE IN THE GULF OP TEHUANTEPEC.
FOR FOUR DAYS SHE BATTLED WITH THE ELEMENTS AND WAS
HOVE TO ELEVEN HOURS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH: 27, 1901.
Steamship's Railing Is Smashed, Pilot-House
Stove in and Ports Torn Away.
PANAMA RAI LWAY COMPANY 'S
ROANOKE IN A FIERCE GALE
5
Steamer.
I
From.
Das.
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona.......... Newport Mar. 27
Pomona Humboldt (Mar 27
•Walla Walla... Pupet Sound Ports.... 1 Mar. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 13
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 28
Hyades Seattle Mar. 29
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Nome City San Diego Mar. 53
Milton Nanalmo Mar. 29
J.eelanaw Seattle Mar. 23
HonRkongr Mar, China and Japan ...:.. Mar. 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 80
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 30
Chas. D. L,ane. Saattle ..< Mar. 30
Mandalay. Coqullle River Mar. 30
Atso Coqullle River Mar. 30
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Mar. 31
Acme.:..... Tlllamook Bay Mar. 31
Queen. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 31
Costa Rica Acapulco Mar. 31
Bonita. Newport Mar. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 1
Kvarven..... ... Nanalmo Apr. 1
Empire.... Coos Bay Apr. 1
Fulton. Grays Harbor Apr. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 1
Arcata Coos Bay...... Apr. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
1 Sails.
Pier.
Eureka
State of Cal..
Queen
Robert Dollai
Arcata
San Pedro....
North Fork..
G..W. Elder..
Corona
Sonoma
Pcmona
March 27.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Forti
San Diego
Seattle & Hadlock.
.March 28.
Cooa Bay
March 20.
Humboldt .....I
Hnmboldt ..........I
Astoria & Portland
Newport ....
Sydney * Way Pts.
Humboldt
March SO.
Humboldt I
Panama & Way Pt
China and Japan..
Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena
March 31.
San Diego...
April 1.
Puget Sound Porti.
April 2.
Newport
N. Y. via Panama.
9 ami
11am
9 am
S pra
II J
110 am
9 am
11am
9 am
8 pm
2 pm
IPler 13
Pier )
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 2
PI or 24
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 9
Nome City...
Acapulco
Gaelic
Czarina
Point Arena..
|10 am
|13 m
II pm
5 pm
3 pm
I
Pier 2
PMSS
PMSS
Pier S
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Walla Walla
|U ami
IPler »
Bonita
Roanoke .....
1 9am
|2pm[
Pier 11
SW. 1
Sun rises.
Sun sets ..
Moon seta.
:24"i!
.6:03
.6:27
m.
• . ' Time
Date
¦gfflflj H W
27~7T. 4:37
;-- L W
28 ... 0:00
29 ... 1:10
30 ... 2:13
31 ... .3:02
1 ... 3:49
2 ... 4:30
F H
6.4
S.O
2.7
2.4
1.9
.1.5
1.2
I Tinsel
L W
11:45
H-W
5:51
7:04
8:13
'9:11
10:05
10:54|
F H
0.0
5.3
' 6.1
5.0
5.1
5.0
5.0
Time
H W
6:59
L W
12:52
1:46
2:35
: 3:20
4:00
4:32
«.
4.6
Time
1
l; w
H W
7:56
8:43
10:03
10:3S
I 11:071
«.
0.2
0.3
0.5
0.7
1.0
1.3!
4.8
5.0
5.2
6.4
5.4
5.4
Steamer.
I
From.
Das.
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar. 27
Corona.......... Newport Mar. 27
Pomona Humboldt (Mar 27
•Walla Walla... Pupet Sound Ports.... 1 Mar. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 13
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 28
Hyades Seattle Mar. 29
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Mar. 29
Nome City San Diego Mar. 53
Milton Nanalmo Mar. 29
J.eelanaw Seattle Mar. 23
HonRkongr Mar, China and Japan ...:.. Mar. 30
Pentaur Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts Mar. 80
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 30
Chas. D. L,ane. Saattle ..< Mar. 30
Mandalay. Coqullle River Mar. 30
Atso Coqullle River Mar. 30
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Mar. 31
Acme.:..... Tlllamook Bay Mar. 31
Queen. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 31
Costa Rica Acapulco Mar. 31
Bonita. Newport Mar. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 1
Kvarven..... ... Nanalmo Apr. 1
Empire.... Coos Bay Apr. 1
Fulton. Grays Harbor Apr. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 1
Arcata Coos Bay...... Apr. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
1 Sails.
Pier.
Eureka
State of Cal..
Queen
Robert Dollai
Arcata
San Pedro....
North Fork..
G..W. Elder..
Corona
Sonoma
Pcmona
March 27.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Forti
San Diego
Seattle & Hadlock.
.March 28.
Cooa Bay
March 20.
Humboldt .....I
Hnmboldt ..........I
Astoria & Portland
Newport ....
Sydney * Way Pts.
Humboldt
March SO.
Humboldt I
Panama & Way Pt
China and Japan..
Seattle & Tacoma.
Point Arena
March 31.
San Diego...
April 1.
Puget Sound Porti.
April 2.
Newport
N. Y. via Panama.
9 ami
11am
9 am
S pra
II J
110 am
9 am
11am
9 am
8 pm
2 pm
IPler 13
Pier )
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 2
PI or 24
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 9
Nome City...
Acapulco
Gaelic
Czarina
Point Arena..
|10 am
|13 m
II pm
5 pm
3 pm
I
Pier 2
PMSS
PMSS
Pier S
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 11
Walla Walla
|U ami
IPler »
Bonita
Roanoke .....
1 9am
|2pm[
Pier 11
SW. 1
Sun rises.
Sun sets ..
Moon seta.
:24"i!
.6:03
.6:27
m.
• . ' Time
Date
¦gfflflj H W
27~7T. 4:37
;-- L W
28 ... 0:00
29 ... 1:10
30 ... 2:13
31 ... .3:02
1 ... 3:49
2 ... 4:30
F H
6.4
S.O
2.7
2.4
1.9
.1.5
1.2
I Tinsel
L W
11:45
H-W
5:51
7:04
8:13
'9:11
10:05
10:54|
F H
0.0
5.3
' 6.1
5.0
5.1
5.0
5.0
Time
H W
6:59
L W
12:52
1:46
2:35
: 3:20
4:00
4:32
«.
4.6
Time
1
l; w
H W
7:56
8:43
10:03
10:3S
I 11:071
«.
0.2
0.3
0.5
0.7
1.0
1.3!
4.8
5.0
5.2
6.4
5.4
5.4
i Bring the children to see the marvelous, mechanical show, "Gay Coney Island/' Free. 5
| Easter Cards. \
J fecond floor a Election of enlargements II BjH^ aSwl Booklets, Bibles and Prayer -J
5 made with the SoMak Caimra. -People |§ W^ M M^A>.m% : Wt mrn^A*. fffc^^^> z**»* * H Books now on sale in BooK £
jf interested in ,; photography are cordially *^.. ;: •?¦¦ m^mmm^ MfciW W> rf» «¦ » m ,^ JJ
ff Invited to see this wonderful camera. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Deportment, main floor. $
JKi ' ¦ ' ¦ f l - "' '» * - ¦ ' • z '¦
I The Special Sales To-Day Ares f
& Beautiful Ribbons Dress Ginghams \ Ladies' Chemise Easter Millinery Mm* s Pajamas Cups and Saucers £
* Ladies' Shoes Muslin Curtains Ladies' Waists Ladies' Dresses Men's Pants Various Groceries ••
5 Ladies' Hosiery Unfrdmed Pictures , # Souvenir Books Choice Liquors ft
i Reduction on Thess One-Quarter to One-Third* |
| The Ribbons, 23c The Men's Pants. The New Dress* £
5 f©av >tv You'll hear tf On sale to-day at less than hall their $22*50 «*. •
I ¦ wlbrtMV! Z^^Z ™l™lue. New Dress JO |
| Gmffim £oo"of $*.5Oan a $5.opPants*2.63 ™ w "~ J-^J W .;
H \ lir ImKKM^ th " c h ° ' c e 8 1 1S&&~sS± bought from Un an d gny mi,. /f<Si XV «<
•^ KrfkWmB^li quiity> doublj " taccd hSISb e celebrated Ox e*. edg;s of jack- I \\' ' »)\ *5
X yZ^cHali V Un M 1 CTvdlI f ux Rib - 1 1 1111 1 Breeches Mfr. Co. their et * ni * kili / fV. '¦ /W >
/^**^Mi« b0n; the soft weave . H |fj|] _• f .. f with taffeta bands and \j\il// fl
th,twa, «pe:iallyd : - l|l|Ut «t!TC Simple line of fin5lhed vcry nar . K/^V 2
V I gSFUS *h nei for fp'ing *n d ¦[ j|| 'Mfe Men s rants at less than row b!ack and gold I y . I "5
K \ ffl^^ summer, X901. It is 3^ il IIIVIllJ'j halfthe COSt of manufac- trali; jacltet has th= W \\ }%
•¦' \. fW^ inche« wde, in a complete "¦' fl||[jf WlK ture ThcV are the new small tingle pos- T7 il S
H \&* range of coloring. iu!table lor || || l|| ltnntH , M '. m J. m( dlion back and skirt 7 A '3
g;, -^ nXiooy and neck dresing. ¦ IHlWf VHII ? tOOtC . St P 10 " »*«» «« ha, the .wagger flare; / /. \ .«
jV ' ' Regular Talue 35c a yard— " ||j|V * Il||l -«*ge in leg and hip, and rrgn'ar price |a2.5O, / U\ ' S
V special sale price lcr Wcdnes- "}*&£* Ijfj I lllij the makers give another to-^ay only / « %P\ "5
g Ayqply if |1 if frfiC |f they rip b &1 "W Kg) l\ ) 5
i n W- Z 1 il 'the scams. The mate- &*_f»*f ** tMLJ&jS> 'J
J The Ginghams, *O* ||| m rials are Cassimeres, « f nn Whf4~ CHf S
K 360 pieces of gocd trade Dres3 Ginghams, in Jpr Vt pi, ..• ,. xxt^L* j. ,«j V**UU WrJItG \m—*r Jf
S neat seasonable colorings- stripes and checks, JT tt \Vqflt:ds and yiaist 69 C. 5
I light melium and dark colors; will be on Corduroys in medium J
g .recial sae from 80 clock th» morning until and heavy weights; these sample two row, cf wide white embroid- #*^%_ -2
J dosinj: tune, at the very sp=cul *J^ pant3 arfi on]y f rom 3O t0 36 j nch reguUrIy 1>00>to^ yonly S9C 5
J r " cc per y •'• V ; waist; none of them larger except-
I Easter IWiltinery* in | 2 - 68 g ade * which runs to The Pajamas 97c. *
fl 4° waist. To-day only, another lot of those nice soft fierce S
K /S£5l tol S^ 6 tO-day and Until closing time flannelette Pajimas; nothing more comforta- «J
SfV: /gsfer^> Saturday night, il the quantity that we b! f ¦ to f tl: ? or in; hW is fastened j,
»? - iCCPmSOimj)/!) i. •_ ji » »v i il » f^.-. w ith tour tross and haa a pocket; at ths tctv js;
% N^Siw^ Ve oa hand laStS ftat Ol lmSJ - ipecial sok price for the complete £* *jZ S
* JMMk^ Tne Chemise ;?
% 75c. The Vievi Books 11c* :S
!• SJ^^^^^^*"^ -Either Lawn or flgHJHM&fRa Prettily bound View Books, containing about 40 "^
V Kgg^^a_ r u - c. • . ©6P^«S0feT|i«f engravings of representative views or San Fran- *«t
jV sf r TFE?%&W&^ . Wk liTfni Vl c " co and surTOundi ng». books that wouid make X
*£ Q&tg$&&M&P Chemise, lace VftfjjjM ' // a charmin? Ea.trr remrmbrance to send to °2
5. 0^ . trimmed, tucked l| Lt*Q$l Eastern friends, and that have never b;ea sold *\
K \.\. ruffle, new, cltan, J' ' ' or lzts xiun *5? each, will be <m j % Jf
JC . liberal'y cut, weU L A$ ', I V \ offered Wednesday only M MG *
Jf ROatfy HOW— Your Easter Hat. It should maie goads, regu- ¦f«f# k %%S. 'k\ — S
5 I be bought this week. We have a particularly larly |i. 00 each, Vf^ fit V^j\ ' ThtS CliVtOiittS 6 3 Cm 5
» charming lot of r:al Imported Pattern Hats to- c"ay only special /Ftt Tj |\TvAfV^\ * •, v r /• - - «
$ from $20 to I35, and hundreds of stylish at... -f Eg** / ft U il* \\ V^VJ& A ipsoal purchase of 100 pa« of nice musba *
Z copies of our o*n troduction at * 7. 50 to ..... M&G ccttage or beircom Curfcuns, pretU-y ruffled, J
S <io, and exquisite ttyles at $ia to fie. 3 yar-s long, 4s inches wjde, that if bought <t
* Herearefour walking hat,, any of whiih is rhg% O/-.# Of .«c f* n " **". "^jf^T" have tobe J1.00 .J
K !n extra good value at the price we quote. „ J" B BGtU^ eS **T? 4 H 5" ° B £* Qjf* 5
5 Thcs: straw Alpines, the up-to-date, correct Handsome gray tonrd reproductons of celebrated «a!e W ednesday only &Z9G
g shapes, either rou S h or tmooth fine straw, wor l k , $ °J, art » 8UC J **?* * al J :CU " *¥' -.. =. . {•
JC plain, fancy or drape'd bind; on sale 'at the .^ohr Hones, Raphae. • Madonna, Sa:nt Jfa e Jqq QUOS SHti $
i :big«ore-4«t.... ... &« fgg% th= Angelus, etc. A-lmcdy mount- C a£iff «»e f^2« ' 5
J. mS m mmSmJ ei on *3 XI 5 lncn S 7^ or black mounts, Oatlirc^o i*ri#« J|
tt " •••... : . . tt lcast zoc eac i, } gpe^j 4%^ Made of Carlsrad China, 3*
S The Ladies' Hose. X^^ : -O» ESXfe'jRZ I
K Twelve cent, per pair. Jujt : think of it! La'w. ¦ Thf* SHnffS G1 R7. <g 5^g±b&&> ender, fancy raided e dg«, £
% good Cotton Hose, b ack with printed white- 1*1*2 WflWCS *J»f*O#» t/^ —^^^ remkrlv SCC <C Jt
fc* Fleur de L ! s, absolutely fast and washable '¦;-„• We have gath:red together 14 short r ccial to-day only ° 3f S'V'G «
ft co!or; extra fine gauge and full 1 seamless, -^g—jjl lots of Jadi:s* fine Vici Kid Shois, * " j}
jf double heel and tole; they wculdn't be dear ' V U nearly 400 pairs in all, lace or but- -wBm. ** m **
tt at twice the price; Wednesday :««^_ \ S . ton styles, cloth cr kii tops. fil6 VV#*OCGf"f f?S» '••
J only— pair. ................ B £a%0 ,1 d In some of the lots we hare £ uoca O//— Crosse tc B ack- -, 5
If ¦¦:— il Jfg& aUsizis and widths; some of wc U's, quart bottles, to-day only. . Ot/C
*: The Liauors* AC «snSN. thcm only a fcw dzci; b " e Limit ? lottUs 1o a c**omsr. -«
5 Claret— Choke table quality, regularly 50c V x/ m. > we can nn^ fit J ou . m Cream of Maize— To-day, pound Eo X
K. a gallon: on s.ecialu'e Wednesday ¦ #m _ V^SiL is*. some one of these Oystcn— Be:t Cove, th: larg=-sued tins; reju- X
* only.......... 1 ............. 35C lt -* L * The 7 « • larly 20c, to-day. fGO*
K Scotch Whiskey — William Williams' ;-Tegu!ar!y ' y^^ ¥*>K modern » S 00 * 1 * t y e » Corn Meal — Best Eastern, 10-lb sacks, r;gu- 5
ft $l-i$ a bottle; special Wednesday. . . .S80 . ¦ T1Si well-made shoes, j^iy 3$Cj t0^j ay 200 X
X Ginger Ale— The celebrated Lytton. Spring; that regularly iel!»rom |2. 50 to $3.50 pair— English Breakfast Tea— Choice, pounl.35o *
£ regu^ar'.y |i.oo per dozen; special to-day ta-day tnd balance cf & 4 £% "7 Olives— Choice Manzanilla, regularly 25c p<r -J
J only 65O wetk - qfma%*M quart, to-day only 2GO %
WAA ttl'Afctttfe UVlVlVl^ VlU^*4°4'4«"-lk4 A'4*A'* Wa'A'4* V«U A*,** Wa'* A**'** k'4'4'4 'a'A'A'A Va'A Wa'A'AA '4*44*4*4 'A'AA*
cheapest and SXost Dsliglitful Ocean
Trips in ths World
Are these r.ow offered by the Pacific
Cta*t Steamship Company to Southern
California ports. For rates and informa-
tion call at office. 4 Montgomery.
Good newspapers are printed at the
li"eaty ports of China.
!ore practical work and shorter doc-
trinal sermons distinguish the pulpit of to-
day. Bishops and plain ministers of the
gospel are putting tremendous energy
Into the cause of good government «nd
public health.
The injunction "Minister to the sick and
suffering" Is beirg literally obeyed.
Clergymen are investigating remedies
as they have rsever done before, taking
them, themselves and family, frankly rec-
ommending the valuable ones and con-
demning the worthless.
Rev. W. E. Aldrldge cf Birmingham^
Ala., says he considers it his duty to let
his people know about Paine's celery com-
pound, as he speaks from personal knowl-
edge. He Ea.j-6:
Gentlemen — I had been afflicted for ten
years wJth what I thought to be heart
flisease, but after having the physicians
examine me I learned that I was almost
dead with indigestion. They told me that
they could give me medicine that would
relieve me, but there was no permanent
cure. Then I began using Paine's celery
compound, which gave me immediate re-
lief, and now I am well and enjoying good
health. I can recommend Paine's celery
compound to be the best remedy for all
ailments I ever used. and. furthermore,
I "tell my people if they will use the com-
pound freely they will have no doctor's
bills to pay.
REV. W. E. ALDRIDGE.
Clergymen in every denomination are
recommending to their parishioners these
March days the great spring remedy that
makes people well, earnestly Indorsing the
work of Dartmouth College's generous
scientist, and frankly lending their Influ-
ence to that of the best physicians— ad-
vising the use of Pelne's celery compound
now spring has come.
As soon as one has fairly begun to use
Paine's celery compound every day is a
Step toward assured health. Nervous, un-
happy and feeble persons find their flesh
becomes more solid," a 'more healthy color
takes the place of the waxy, sallow look,
and there comes an increase in the vol-
ume of the blood and an Improved normal
appetite because of this rapid feeding of
the entire nervous system.
Clerks, employers, lawyers, doctors,
mothers of families, hard working men
and women In every State and country
and hosts of brain workers — the most In-
telligent part of every community— are to-
day taking Paine's celery compound with
the happiest results to relieve themselves
of rheumatism, neuralgia, nervous ex-
haustion, dyspepsia, sleeplessness and low
spirits.
Get rid of languor, clear the muddy,
unhealthy skin, plump out the body and
get back to a normal, vigorous condition
•vrlth Paine's celery compound— and begin
now. March Is the month when It Is
easiest to begin health.
of Praise for Paine's Celery
Compound,
TO THE SICK.
From Many Parsonages Come Words
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITIM.
THE EJOPOBIUM.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
Good .double mattress, cov-
ered with XX ticking, filled
with 30 ibs black curled hair, j>
only ?«.OO.
» We furnish entire homes, \
flats and rooming houses. Let r
us give you an estimate* Cash .
} or credit. Free delivery withi %
100 miles. I
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE GO.,
338-S42 Post Street,
Opposite Unlorf Squarej Of course no one has a right to - object to the
1 scheme. The stockholders in the company that owns
Under such circumstances it is saddening to learn
that the big house in New York is to serve alternately
as a grand opera-house and as a cheap variety show.
The New .York Times says: "Unless plans miscarry
a complete change in the policy of the Metropolitan
Opera-house will occur shortly after the close of the
operatic season on April 29, when grand opera per
formances given by the finest artists in the world will
give place to vaudeville at prices ranging from 15 to
50 cents. This arrangement, it is understood, is to be
concluded shortly, and a contract entered into be
tween the Maurice Grau Opera Company, the. lessees
of the house, and the Lederer Amusement Compan3\
of which George W. Lederer is the managing director.
The latter company is to have a permanent tenancy
of the opera-house for both winter and summer, with
the exception of an interval of ten weeks for grand
opera, which will begin in all probability about Christ
mas week. The remainder M the year .will be given
over to the biggest kind of ah indoor entertainment,
which 'will embrace circus, variety, minstrelsy, ballet,
burlesque and opera."
1 — ;OR a long time the Metropolitan Opera-house
I in New York has been the boast of the Ameri
. can people. It has been an evidence that under
republican institutions it is possible to do as much
for the luxury of art as any imperial power can do.
While the opera-house itself has not rivaled in mag
nificence nor in beauty of architecture some of the
grand opera buildings of Europe, it has nevertheless
served to gather to this country troupes of singers
superior to, any troupe that ever delighted the Old
World. No combinations of genius have ever been
formed for rendering opera in any other country equal
to those which have been drawn together primarily
for the Metropolitan, and which from that center have
gone up and down the length and breadth of the land
as far as San Francisco, delighting audiences, giving
society a chance to show itself under its fairest aspect;
and materially adding to the musical culture of the
people. *
OPERA AND VAUDEVILLE.
The Boston Transcript informs its readers that San
Jose has planted 5000 acres of sweet peas for the pur
pose of providing floral adornments for McKinley,
but it should have said 50,000 acres. Why will these.
Eastern people insist on removing the Californian
largeness from every rtory they tell about us?
Now, what is hacking Kansas bars compared to the
conquest of a situation like that? The culprits are
not odious men, either. They all belong to Carrie's
gentle sex. Let her go"and argue with that smoke
seasoned old Connecticut dame and that hardened
whiffer from Missouri, and see what she can do with
them. After she has c.rried the Fort Nicotine, gar
risoned by a female army,, she may return to the
pavement and "sass" gentlemen for, indulging their
after-dinner cigaV. We are of the opinion that noth
ing short of her hatchet will break those ladies of the
tobacco habit. . How she is to apply her favorite
weapon is for her to choose, whether the edge, or
flatwise as a spanker. We will not presume to advise
such an expert.
A sufferer from tobacco who properly calls himself
a martyr writes from New York a Macedonian cry
in a big round hand, and Mrs. Nation should take the
next train to the' scene of his torment. He says: "My
paternal grandmother, who is a native of Connecticut
and lives with. me, has always smoked a pipe. My
mother, who is a Missourian and lives with me, also
smokes a pipe. My wife is a Russian and smokes
cigarettes, as does my sister-in-law, who is a Cuban.
My daughter is. an artist and als.o smokes. I hate
tobacco in any form, and if grandma and ma and
my wife, sister-in-law and daughter: can. be made to
s^op smoking I shall be a happy man."
GARRIE NATION'S hatchet is growing rusty
while that knightess errant' is admonishing
against the sinful round dance and the soothing
cigar. She goes forth upon the street to halt every
gentleman with pipe or cigar stuck in his face and
orders him, in the name of the Great Jehovah and
Carrie Nation, to quit, swear off and cease right there
fiorri sinning with nicotine. So far hot a conversion
is recorded. ,No one has quit. The fragrant Havana
and the unfragrant nauseadora Perfecto still blaze and
their smoke ascends to heaven; even as did the smoke
from the garbage of Jerusalem rise over the .valley
of Hinnom.' Counting every smoke-filled mouth as a
Gehenna, Mrs. Nation has quenched none of. the
fires. •¦¦¦.¦' " • .
MRS. NATION'S NEW CRUSADE.
ULSTER COUNTY GAZETTE-F. M.
C. Valleio. Cal. An Ulster County Ga
zette of January 4, 1800. containing, a full
account of George Washington's death
would be a valuable paper if its genuine
ness could be established, but as in 1S61
more than a million fac similes of a pa
per of that date were published and sold
all over the United States, it is likely that
it is one of such copies that you have, and
as such it has no historic value.
PREMIUM HALF DOLLARS— F. B..
Alameda, Cal. The half dollars of th»
United States for which dealers in old
coins offer premiums are those coined In
1794 1796. 1797. ISM. 1802. 1S15. 1S36. if with
out E Pluribus Unum; 1SC8 if with the O
over the date. 1S52. 1S53. if without arrow
heads at date or rays around the eagle,
and Columbian half dollars of 1393.
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE-E. Au
burn, Cal. For information and blanks
for civil service in the railway mall de
partment send a communication, with
self-addressed and stamped envelope for
reply, to the Railway Mail Service De
partment, San Francisco, Cal.
THE POEM— C. M. J.. City. The poem
about "two men, one fair the other dark."
Is entitled, so write several friends of this
department, "At Froderlcksburg."
NO PREMIUM— J. J. R.. Virginia City.
Nev A half dollar of 1831 Is not a prem
ium coin from dealers' buying point of
view.
CAPTAIN SIGBEE— B. and W.. City.
Captain Slgtx-e of the Maine was on board
of that vessel at the time she was blown
up.
FLORENCE CATHEDRAL-E.. City.
The heleht of the cathedral at Florence,
Italy, la 3S6 feet.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TEN CENTS— Girl Reader, City. A 10
cent piece of 1S29 does not command a
premium. : • - .'¦ ¦*•„-.
Clearly the Czar has many troubles, and those in
China are the least of them. There is now a seem
ir^gly clofe alliance in Russia between the university
students, the socialist labor party ;md the Pan-rSlav
conspirator?. Xor can there be any question that the
nihilists and anarchists will lend their help to th-s
others in disturbing the Government. It is to be
noted, moreover, that a recent report of the arrests
following the first outbreak of students at St. Peters
burg announced that among the arrested persons wers
upward of 350 women students. Thus there appears
to be something like a desire for a general uprising,
including women as well as men. No one believes
that the Czar sleeps in a steel safe, but all tho same
the man who invented the story had' a fairly good
idea of what he would do if he were Czar.
In making that declaration we fear Count Cassini
was more mindful of his duty to his Czar than of
his duty to speak the truth when talking to the Ameri
can people.. The Cossacks of the Imperial Guard are
habitually equipped, it appears, with whips, and as
such weapons cannot be of use in war, it is evident
they are intended solely for flogging the folks at
home in piping times of peace. Such being the case,
it is certainly quite within the scope of probability
that in using whips upon a crowd of students and
workingmen who were sufficiently numerous to feel
something of strength there should have been an out
break that could not be put down by the lash and the
Cossacks were forced to use their swords. There may
have been and doubtless was something of exaggera
tion in the reports, but the world cannot be convinced
by a simple statement from a diplomat living in Wash
ington that there was, in fact, no more truth in the
report of the slaughter than there was in the yarn
of the steel-lined bedroom.
Cassini, however, did not content himself with de
nying the existence of a steel armored room in the
palace in which the Czar is kept like a good gold brick
in a safe deposit vault. He declared a conviction of
the falseness of the reports concerning the affray a:
St. Petersburg between the students and the working
men on the one side and the Cossacks of the guard
on the other. He scoffed at the idea that any one
had been killed, and said: "This report is probably
based upon the fact that the Cossacks in dispersing
a crowd used their whips, with which they are
equipped. It is utter nonsense to say a hundred men
were killed." * .: " ;
The St. Petersburg correspondent who sent that
story to Berlin, or the Berlin newspaper man who
composed it in a beer cellar at home and dated it
from the Russian capital, is a faker of talent. His
story was worthy of a romance. It will be remem
bered he said that the walls of the Czar's study and
bedroom are covered with steel armor, that the doors
are closed by a cunning mechanism so arranged that
no one can open them while the Czar is within the
room, and finally th-u he has five desks in his study
which he uses ore after another, so that no one can
foresee at which desk he will be working at any given
time. That was a story that lacked but one element
to make it worthy of the yellow fakers of this country.
It would have been complete had the writer described
himself as interviewing the Czar in the steel cage and
getting his opinions on the situation in Manchuria
and King Edv.ard's recer.t order that all persons who
call upon him must wear court dress.
COUNT CASSINI, Russian Embassador at
Washington, I12S departed from the serene
heights of diplomacy long enough to take an in
terest in the news of the day and to inform the Ameri
can public that there is no truth in the recent dis
patch from Berlin to the effect that the Czar is com
j-elied to take extraoidinary precautions to assure
himself from assassination. In making this refuta
tion t\ve Count has spoiled a good story which no one
believed, and consequently one that contributed much
to the amusement of the public without doing any
COUNT CASSINl'S DENIAL.
AT HOTEL DEI. CORONADO the season la
now on at full tide. American and European
plans. Best of everything. Including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montgom
ery st., city, for special ticket.
NEW TORK. March 2S.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New York: From
San Francisco— C. C. Newman. v«. A.
Remensberser. at Imperial. From Los
Angeles-O. R. Wbitcomb. at Herald
Square. _
CALIF0BNIA1TS IN NEW YOBK.
Such being the sentiment in Great Britain it is clear
that if Japan wishes to keep Russia out of Manchuria
she must be prepared to act without allies. Indeed
the Japanese Government will have cause to be thank
ful if it be left free to play a lone hand, for the chances
are that Germany at least will back Russia's scheme
in the expectation of getting something of profit out
of it for herself.
More significant still is the recent declaration of the
London Spectator that Russia will have Manchuria
and cannot be driven out. It went on to say: "If
Europe likes to try the awful experiment of governing
China, let it. Our business is to trade with it, and to
secure that right of trading the sooner we disappear
from Peking and all North China the better. All the
shillyshallying now going on only increases the
chances of some event, or some combination, that will
plunge us .more deeply into the Chinese swamp or
compel us to threaten war with powers who in this
matter are doing us no substantial harm. Imagine our
people, already' overburdened, fighting to prevent
somebody else from getting Mongolia or Shantung!
We might almost as welt fight for trading privileges
in the moon."
Recently in the Commons when the Ministers were
asked whether Russia was acting alone in China and
what the British and other Governments were pre
pared to do to prevent such action, Lord Cranborne
answered that the proposed agreement between Rus
sia and China is still under discussion and that he is
unable to make any positive statement concerning the
matter.
Whether or no that statement rightly express the
intentions of the Japanese Government no one not
in the confidence of that Government can say, but it
is certainly accurate zo far as it relates to the other
powers. Should the Russians compel the Chinese to
cede Manchuria and should they in the face of all the
allied armies now in the Orient proceed to take pos
session of it, there would go forth from "the United
States, from Germany, from France and even from
Great Britain nothing more than a protest. It would
be a bluff which the Russian bear would be very will
ing to meet by showing his hand, being well assure!
that the United States has no intention to go to war
for the preservation of China, and that the other
powers would just as soon compound the Russian
grab by making a grab of their own.
DISPATCHES nom -London quote the First
Secretary of the Japanese legation in that city
as saying of the Russian aggressions in Man
churia: "Assuming that China signs the treaties, I
suppose Great Britain, Germany and the United
States will protest to Russia. But- that is about as
far as they will go and about as much as they will
get. With Japan it is a matter of fighting. The ques
tion is whether we are to fight Russia now or to fight
her later on. She has no right to' Manchuria, and if
she secures Manchuria she willbe.on. the way to se
curing Korea, Our Government, I believe, is consid
ering the crisis. Its eyes are wide open and it will
not be driven to precipitate action by the jingoists of
Japan, who are openly clamoring for immediate war.
Yet if they see that war is unavoidable they will not
hesitate to strike."
JAPAN STANDS flLONE.
R. C. E. Eaton of Boston arrived here
yesterday with his family and la staying
at the Palace. Mr. Eaton came from the
East with the Dr. Webb party, but
stopped off at Monterey for two weeks.
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels left last evening for
Coronado. She will remain at the popular
seaside resort until the return of John D.
Spreckels from Australia, the early part
of next month.
Elisha Morgan, president of the Morgan
Envelope Company of Springfield, Ohio, i*
at the Palace on a tour of the Pacific
Coast and is accompanied by his wife
andfamHy. -; ~ r:^
TV. H. Dobson, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is spending a few days in the city
on business. He is registered at the Occi
dental.
XV. II. Davenport, general asent of th»
Colorado Midland Railway, has gone to
Los Angeles on a short business trip-
The Rev. Charles Dickey, moderator o»
the Presbyterian church, left for San
Jose last night.
George R. Stewart, a cattle man of
Crows Landing, is registered at the
Grand. \
Frank Hazen, a merchant of Healds
burg. registered at the California yester
day.
A. P. Fraser Is down -from Stockton for
a few days and is a guest at the Occiden
tal.
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. R. Ramsdale of San Diego is at tha
Palace.
Don Ray. a merchant of Gait, is a g^ie^t
at the Lick.
D. F. Kelly of Los Angeles Is stayins
at the Palace.
Robert Scott of Honolulu is a ruest at
the Occidental.
Milton McWcrter, an oil man of Bakcrs
fleld, Is at the Grand.
John Sparks, the cattle man of Reno.
Nev., Is at the Palace.
C. H. Clarke of Seattle is a guest at the
Palace' for a few days.
The Rev. TV'. L. Clark of Benicfa Is a
guest at the California.
Ira Brown, an attorney of Seattle. Is
registered at the Grand. .
E. F. Stratton. an oil man of Bakers
fleld. is at the California.
Joseph McCormick. a cattle man of
Sonora, Is staying: at the Lick.
Speaker C. W. Pendleton of Los Ange
les is registered at the Grand.
WEDNESDAY ." MARCH 27, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Adflrtsi 111 ComnwileitlOM U W. B. LEAK, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone. Prc«« 204
Pl'BLICATIO.\ OKFICE...Market «md Third. S. K.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterewon St.
Telephone Prei» SO2.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mnll, Inclndlnjr Pontages
DATLT CALL- (Including Sunday), one year $«•*>•>
r-AILT CALL (Including Sunday). « months *-0°
DAILT CALL (Including Eundav). 3 months 1-60
DAILT CALL-By Single Month •••• s5 «
PL'NDAT CALL. One Tear 1 - 50
WEEKLI CALL. One Tear 1M
All pottmaiten are authorized to recelro
subscriptions.
Eunple eopif* will be forwarded when reQUested.
Mall rub6erl*er* In ordwinr chan«re of «ddr**» should fee
particular to rife both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICB 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGSTESS.
Xastgtr foreign Advertising. Mirijnttti Building. Chteigo.
iLcr-e Distance Telephone "Central 2611.")
Km? TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CjWLTOX Herald Square
KTTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. S3IITH 3O 'Tribune Bulldlngr
NE^ TORK NF~S STANDS:
TTaldorf-A«tcrla Hotel: A. Brent ano, a Union 6«uare;
iiuiray HI II Hotel.
Cn \ \cn OFFICES— C7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. SCO Hayee, open until 9:M o'clock. 6?J
VeAllicter. open until S:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t :.'" o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
oemer Sixteenth, cpen until • o'clock. 1098 Valencia. op«n
until * o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW. cor
ner Twenty-seoond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Work of th2 Consumers' League.
The. Consumers' League has aroU3i»«l
mothers to the dangers of "purchasing
clothing made in sweatshops and tene
ment hovels, thus bringing germs of In
fectious diseases into the homes. It has
pointed out ¦ that through, the Ignorance
of carelessness or Indifference of the con
sumers manufacturers .and merchants
have been permitted to shirk ¦ all respon
sibility in the matter. It has shown that
before there is a supply of anything
there must be a demand for It, and that
if mothers desire wholesome garmems.
and foods for ¦- their children they must
create the demand : for them. • The Con
sumers' League has awakened the pub
lic to a sense of its responsibilities. It
has pointed out the degrading conditions
in several lines: of Industry, notably the
g-arment-maklng Industry, and has shown
that consumers are - partially responsible
for these conditions and can remedy
them' If they combine and make an ear
nest' effort to do eo. -The Consumers'*
League * movement.' \^hich was started
ten years .ago In New York by a email
band of women, has grown to such an
extent that at present there aretwonty
seven leagues; In eleven States of the
Union. These leagues strive to: raise the
standard: of all conditions of Industry,
whether in .factories, workshops .or
stores. .
In Brhalf of Public Health.'
' ¦ Tho Woman's Health ; Protective Asso
ciation, of which there are now. twelve
in different cities, began life in New York
under difliculties. Its first- effort was di
rected against the old abominable slaugh
ter, houses— filthy : wooden structures,
where : the slaughtering was -: carried ; on
with- open doors in the presence of spec
tators,; who were usually the children of
the neighborhood. There .were no decent
quarters : for the cattle. before they were
slaughtered : ¦• they were carried into
stifling and .fetid cellars, where they
could be . seen clambering ¦ over '¦ one ,¦ an
other in vain attempts, to get a whiff 6f
fresh air.; The result ¦ of the women's
efforts was the substitution eventually of
sp'.endld * modern ,' abattoirs. This ¦society
has - successfully protested • against - the
maintenance of, stationary scows at docks
filled : with ¦ offensive ma tter, against the
unwholesome' accumulation, of 'heaps of
decaying ¦: manure, v against unnecessary
conditions ' of streets.- against unwise • dis
posal of ; garbage, against Illegal blocking
of streets at night by trucks,-,whlch were
used by tramps as shelters, anrt.niralmt
In the larger cities in the East the
clubs are usually formed for one definite
purpose; they do not combine the various
departments that are to be found in those
organized in the smaller towns or in the
larger cities of the West. In New York
a large number of women's leagues or as
sociations ' have been organized ¦ not for
general culture but for a specific object.
The successful accomplishment of the ob
ject in view has led to the formation of
similar organizations in other cities, until
to-day there Is a great • network of these
associations spread all over the country.
Sometimes they become affiliated and
grow into national movements. Among
these . may be named the National Cdn
press of Mothers' Clubs., the National
Consumers' League, the National House
hold Economic Association, the National
Women's Suffrage Association, the Na
tional Women's Temperance Union, the
National Council of Jewish Women and
the National League of Women Workers.
Clubs Having a Specific Object.
The so-called department club, which
Jennte June calls a "club of clubs J' has
grown greatly In Importance. Among the
best known of these Is the Chicago
Woman's Club. In that club there are
six departments— reform, home, educa
tion, philanthropy, art and literature,
philosophy and science. In each depart
ment work Is. carried on along very broad
lines. For Instance, included In the de
partment of education are the visits paid
to public schools, decorations for school
rooms and of special methods in pedagogy,
establishment of vacation schools and
play grounds. The members choose
whichever department they prefer for
work; each department has its own stand
ing committees and its own programme.
Several auxiliary societies have been
formed as an outcome of the work done
by the woman's club. Among these may
be mentioned the Protective Agency for
Women and Children, the School Chil
dren's Aid Society, the Chicago Public
School Art Society, the Chicago Political
Equality League and the Woman's Model
Lodging House Association. The club has
nearly . 850 members enrolled. These
women, if isolated, could do little individ
ually to arouse the public conscience on.
matters that pertain to the public wel
fare, but bound together as they axe by
the ties of the club they are a force in the
communltv that must be reckoned with.
A Sample Club of Clubs.
Politics— National Women's Suffrage Associa
tion, Women's Republican clubs, Women's
League for Political Education, Political
Equality clubs.
Domestic Science— National Women's House
hold Economic Association.
Religion — Women's missionary societies.
Young Women's Christian Associations,, Coun
cil of Jewish Women, Woman's National Sab
bath Alliance, King's Daughters, Christian
Endeavor clubs. Girls' Friendly societies.
Philanthropy— The various women's sewing
societies, sisterhoods connected with churches.
Women's Auxiliary of Legal Aid Society, aux
iliaries of hospitals, homes and orphan asy
lums. Little Mothers' Aid Association, Wo
men's Aid Association for Dumb Animals, As
sociation of Day Nurseries, Women's National
Relief Association, Professional Women's
League, Women's National Indian Association,
Women's Prison Association, National Wo
men's Afro- American Union, Working Wo
men's Protective Union, Working Women's
Vacation eoclctles. Southern Federation of
Colored Women's Clubs. .
Civics— Women's Municipal League, Women's
Auxiliary of the Civil Service Reform Associa
tion, Women's Health Protective Association,
Woman's Temperance unions. City History
clubs.
Patriotism— Daughters of the American Rev
olution, Society of Colonial Dames.
. The oldest societies In this country com
posed entirely of women were started for
church and missionary work. . In Germany
societies of women are, or at least as late
as 1898 were, forbidden by law unless the
object Is distinctly religious, charitable or
educational. Sorosis ¦ of New York is the
mother of the woman's club movement.
From it was evolved the General Federa
tion of Women's Clubs.
List of Women's Organizations. .
I give herewith a list of the principal or
ganizations now maintained by women:
Education and Industry— Woman's Educa
tional and Industrial unions. Woman's Public
Education association, Collegre Alumnae
clubs. General Federation of Women"s Clubs,
National League ot Women Workers, Congress
of Mothers. National Council of Women, Con
sumers' • League, National Federation of Wo
men's Musical Clubs, Women's Auxiliary of
Kthtcal Culture Association, Society for the
Study of Life, exchanges for women's work,
kindergarten associations. Women's Philhar
monic Society, Bualne83 Women's Association.
stone, have built themselves' up to vast
influence in social and political life.
It' is . amusing, in the light of to-day's
judgment, to look back upon this pro
phetic picture. Women's organizations
and clubs have been one • of the most
potent factors in educational, social, and
ptrhaps It may be possible to show, muni
cipal reform in the United States. They
have been powerful agencies in the di
rection of progress and culture in the
home, and from" this, the foundation I
VI.— PRACTICAL WORK OF WOMEN'S .'. CI/TJBS.
When thirty-three years ago the first
woman's club was organized the move
ment met with much scorn and derision.
The newspapers, reflecting public opinion,
contained comments and cartoons deplet
ing the women in their clubs, like the
men, smoking, drinking, gambling, return
ing to their homes in a demoralized con
dition toward dawn and endeavoring to
use their latchkeys to effect an entrance.
Paterfamilias was- Invariably represented
as an object of pity, left at home to as
sume the household and nursery cares.
1 ¦. ' • ¦ ' ¦•¦¦¦ ¦'¦ - : ¦ ¦ ¦
By Mrs. Frederiols. Itfatlian,
PRESIDENT OF THE CONSUMERS' LEAGUE OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK.
, (COPYRIGHT, 1901.) .
tne unsanitary and disgusting habit of
expectorating in cars and on the floors
of public buildings.
For Better City Government.
Taking the New fork organizations
more especially, though only as examples
of the many similar ones throughout 'no
country, a brief sketch of their origin
may be given. The Woman's Municipal
League of New York, Mrs. I. N. Pheliw
Stokes . president, was organized on the
suggestion of the Rev. Dr. Charles H.
Parkhurst. Its object was to assist In
bringing into power a reform administra
tion at the time of the mayoralty cam
paign of 1S95. The league raised money
among tha> women of the city, held parlor
meetings and meetings in small halls in
the downtown districts, where the benefits
of good , city, go vernmeni. were explained.
After the election the league disbanded;
but was reorganized In 1SD7. During the*
mayoralty campaigned that year it raise!
19000 entirely from women to aid the Citi
zens' Union movement. It arranged two
large and successful mass-meetings that
were held in Cooper Union for men and
women and held manv smaller meetings
for the purpose of keeping before the peo
ple the great Issues at stake. After the
campaign was over the executive commit
tee decided to continue the work for good
municipal government und during the la«t
three years It has kept two lecturers reg
ularly employed In lecturing upon the city
departments, civil service reform and the
city charter. The object of the league Is
to "secure active support for such move
ments and candidates as may give prom
ise of tho best government for the city,
without regard to party lines."
Study of Municipal Needs.
Among other societies that have co
operated with the Municipal
League and that may be considered under
the category of civic, political or patriotic
leagues, I may mention the woman's aux
iliary of the Civil Service Reform Asso
ciation, Mrs. W. H. Schleffelin, president,
which has collected from women about
$1200 a year during the five years that it
has been organized. It offers this year
to members of women's clubs two prizes
of $100 and $50 • respectively for the best
essays on the subject of civil service re
form- The League for Political Educa
tion. Mrs. Henry M. Sanders, president,
strives "to facilitate the study of social
and political science" by forming classes
In economics, civics and parliamentary
law and by providing lectures by eminent
authorities upon political and social sub
jects. It has a reference library for the
benefit of lta members, and it conducts in
vestigations in the various Assembly dis
tricts with the view of studying the moral
and social forces of the city. It pleads for
the study of the city charter, the tene
ment-house laws, the school system, tax
ation and raising of revenue, and the
methods of .the municipal courts. It ad
vises a closer knowledge of the work of
the public departments, of the police,
charities, education, fire and street clean-
Ing service In one's own election district.
Teaching the City's History.
Women in Politics.
While this league is occupied in endeav
oring to instruct adults and Interest them
In political reform the City History Club.
Mrs. Robert Abbe, president, is co-operat
ing by inculcating in the breasts of the
little ones a love for their city, a knowl
edge of its past, an appreciation of its
present needs and an earnest desire to
help it to maintain lofty ideals in the fu
ture. The club alms "to awaken civic
patriotism by the study of city history
and tradition." It aspires to make good,
noble citizens, who will take an interest
in civic affairs, who will consider it their
privilege to assume some of the burdens
and responsibilities of civic life. The club
started its work with seven classes under
the charge of one experienced teacher,
and it has developed so rapidly that at
present there are 108 classes, in which
nearly 2000 children have been enrolled.
Traveling libraries have helped th,e club
with its work; about forty of these libra
ries of books upon the history and govern
ment of the city, volumes of biography
and historical tiction, have been loaned to
classes. Excursions to places of interest
are made by the club in order to visit the
scenes where important events have oc
curred.
One of the best known of the civic clubs
organized by women is the Philadelphia
Civic Club. Its aim is outlined by its
pledge to promote "by education and ac
tive co-operation a higher public spirit
and a better social order." The club has
four standing committees — municipal gov
ernment, education, social science and art.
As women the members have felt pecu
liarly fitted to do municipal house-clean
ing. Through the social science depart
ment they looked into conditions of
schoolhouscs, the proper disposal of
household refuse and. the care of cellars; !
they sought the co-operation of public of
ficials and private householders, and en
deavored to raise a higher standard In
the community. Through the art depart
ment the club instituted a system of Joan
collections and of pictures for schools. It
decorated the schoolrooms with appro
priate photographs and casts. The club
was Invited to co-operate with the Anti-
Spoils League, but the women declined,
because as citizens they bad no political
status. The National Civil Service Re
form Association invited the club to send
delegates to Its convention, but the club
maintained that as its members were dis
franchised citizens it could not do so with
dignity.
The women of the West End Woman's
Republican Association of New York have
taken an entirely different attitude; al
though given no recognition by the Re
publican party, they have united for the
purpose of maintaining and strengthening
the principles of that party. The first year
that the club was organized It devoted It
self to the study of Fiske's "Civil Gov
ernment," Bryce's "American Common
wealth," Gunton's "Wealth and Progress"
and other standard works. 1 The club con
ducted an active campaign in favor of the
gold standard and protection in 1S96. The
members visited the tenement houses In
the Tammany districts, discussed the
Questions at issue with about 15.000 women
and 2000 men. and distributed ov<>r 200 000
pamphlets published in many, languages
The National League of Women Work
ers is composed of five associations, with
a membership of about 100 clubs. Thes«
clubs have as their obiect "to secure bv
co-operation, means of self-support ' od
portunlties for social intercourse, and the
development higher, noblef aims l"
Practically they offer, a dealrable meet
ing place with a home atmosphere, organ
ize classes for technical training and rnen
g^od U booki a provIde the members with
¦ ; . The Club Movement at Its Best.
Is it not claar that these and the many
si™ 11 ", organizations have ***** a means
; S«tiff KiV^i e w ? men out °f the narrow
paths that lay between high walls of
prejudice and ignorance into the open
fields where_they can have an extended
horizon? The woman's club movement,
originating with Sorosis. the seed sowe
has become an .effectual medium for the
propagation of ideas and principles that
affect the welfare of humanity. There
may be some women .who, like Selma in
"Unleavened Bread." use the clubs for
selfish purposes of advancement, but, aa
Herbert Spencer well says, "Societies, lu
their actions and structures, are deter
mined by the mental character of their
units.*' The club that Is made up of
weak characters cannot develop strength
as a club, and it is- unfortunately true
that many weak and foolish women's
clubs exist. But' the work that has been
done by other^>rganlzations \ gives ample
proof that there Is" a living atrengui
somewhere behind the movement.
The club which .will be developed by the
twentieth century in Its full strength win
be composed, let us hope, of both men
and -women. There Is no reason why the
two sexes should . not work side by side
for -.mental development, mutual • recrea
tion and mutual service. The New % Eng
land Woman's Club, one of the earliest
and best known of such organizations
started originally - with men among the
members, as ¦well as l wom«n.. Th«» Cn
1 sumers' League and the League - for ¦¦ Po
litical Education, although organized- and
in American Cities.
Varied Activity of Organized "Women in
Affairs Which Affect Municipal Life
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
One by one* the glories depart from the stage. Some
of thebest of our actresses and of our singers have
left the opera and the drama for the higher salaries
of the vaudeville. Commercialism rules the stage as
well as "the camp, the court, the grove." Perhaps
the Pattis, Melbas and the Sembrichs of the future
will take to the variety route, and it w'U be left after
all to the prize-fighters to uphold the last tradition?
of the legitimate drama.
the building have a right to' seek an' income on their
money. > If , they can make it by ;ten ; weeks^ of grand
opera and forty-two weeks of variety entertainments,
which seem to include every kind of performance ex
cept the -prize ring, they' have the right to try the va
riety. It. is their affair^ and, "hot ours. Nevertheless
there is something to regret in the fact that the most
sumptuous structure ever erected as a temple of music,
in this country should so' soon iir its career pass over
to the uses and abuses of vaudeville.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THERE has just been taken an accurate census
of India. It gives a total population of 294,000,
000, an increase, for the decade, of 7,000,000.
But as for the first time it includes the population. of
Baluchistan, Shanstaks, the Chin Hills and Sikkim
territory, the actual net Increase is only 1.4 per cent^
showing that the population is practically stationary.
This census and the conditions which it reveals brings
to -the front again the question of the resources and
the value of tropical countries. It confirms the con
clusions of economists who have always placed the
wealth of, the world in the temperate zone and its
poverty in the tropics.
There is a school of philanthropic economists who
have sought to make the world believe that the pov
erty of the tropics is due to avoidable causes, and that
all that is necessary to its banishment is the introduc
tion of Christianity and what are called modern
methods, meaning thereby the processes of art and
science that have developed under temperate zone
conditions. We regard this view as erroneous and
wholly unscientific.
The development of the temperate zone and the
transmutation of its natural resources into wealth by
human labor has been entirely the outcome of physi
cal conditions, which man did not make and cannot
change.'-- '-*;•
No wealth is acquired anywhere except by the exer
tion of human energy. In the tropics natural condi
tions are adverse to human energy, and there is non».
Life multiplies there until it overtakes the food sup
ply which nature produces spontaneously or yields
grudgingly to small exertion; then famine and its
partner, pestilence, stop the increase and- reduce the
population until it is below the food supply again.
This process has been repeated over and over again
in India for uncounted ages.
It is quite remarkable how little of what are re
garded in the temperate zone as the necessaries of life
is produced in the tropics. None of our great cereals
except rice may be found there. We wonder that the
Indians are vegetarians and that tropical people are
not meat-caters. But the reason behind it all is that
as the climate does not require a meat diet the stan
dard meat foods of the world are not produced in the
equatorial belt. In tropical Central America the prin
cipal meat used is the iguana lizard and the armadillo,
two reptilian animals, znd the monkey. Beef and pork
and mutton as we produce them are impossible there.
The temperate zone gets out of the tropics hardly
any of the necessaries of temperate zone life that can
r.ot be produced elsewhere. If not a stalk of cane
grew in the tropics California alone could supply
every ounce of sugar consumed in this country. If
not a stalk of tobacco grew in Cuba or the Philip
pines, we could produce our own tobacco. The same
is true of rice, which can be grown in unlimited quan
tities in the Carolinas, Georgia, Alabama, the low
lands of Louisiana and of Eastern Texas.
This leaves but a few dye woods and spices, many
of them unknown to our ancestors, who never felt
the deprivation.
It is true that England gets some revenue from In
dia and her merchant class have enriched themselves
on the spoil of that poverty-smitten people, but the
methods by which th%e results are accomplished are
less creditable than the. enlightened use to which they
are put. *' . ' 1" '
The same may be said 'of Dutch rule in Java and
Sumatra, and was eminently true of the whole colonial
career of Spain. The fancy of theorists in the tem
perate zone is inflamed to enthusiasm over the bright
plumage, the serpentine vines, the brilliant flowers of
the tropical landscape. •
But cold and sober-minded judgment tells a differ
ent story- To the temperate zone races and physical
constitution the tropics are noxious. The land, the
water and the air teem with poison for the northern
races. There is no such thing as acclimatization pos
sible. The northern constitution, which withstands all
the rigors of its native climate, and thrives upon alter
nating extremes of heat and cold, wilts, surrenders
and wears away in the tropics.
The physical beauties over which the sentimental
rave to the philosopher and the naturalist are the
gauds of the siren, displayed to woo men to death.
Every nation in the temperate zone, from ancient
times until now, has had* its turn with this tropical
problem and has come under the spell of the siren,
only to drag itself back to its frost and climatic rigors,
where the energies of man are vitalized by nature.
THE EAST INDIAN CENSUS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ MARCH 27, 1901;
, Carnegie's, refusar to be a candidate for Mayor of
New York will not surprise those who: remember. tli2t
he retired from business mainly to have a Vest and not
at all with an intent to look for -trouble.
In all that has been said and written of Count Boni
de Castcllane's duel we note the omission of any ex
pression of thanksgiving on the part of the Gould
family that Boni was not killed. "i. 1 -
The announcement that a new company with a capi
tal of $9,000,000 has been started t6 ( supply salt leads
to the conclusion that the salt trust must have become
too fresh to suit the market.
governed bv women, have, with broader
generosity than Is usual among the other
sex. permitted men to join the rnember
ishlp. The Social Reform Club, the Nine
teenth Century Club, the Barnard Cluh,
the National -Arts Club, all of New York,
and the Twentieth Century Club 01 Boston
are among: those that include both sexes
among their members.
This, to my mind. 19 the club that will
give the best opportunity for prowtn. cul
ture and progress, the club that will b»>
productive of results that can only be ob
tained by the co-operation and intelligent
sympathy of both men and -women. It 13
the club of the future, and Its motto
might well be: "In great things unity, in
small things ltoerty, in all things charity.
6
Kaster cards now on sale in art depart-
ment. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. , - '• — 7. V ¦".?"*•
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Cbolce candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel •
Call subscribers contemplating a changre of
rrsideiice during tlie summer months can havo
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addrense* by not!f>injr The Call Bastnes* Offlce.
This iibftor will also be on sale at all summer
resorts ami Is represented b>* a local agent In
all totrfi* on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION BATYRa
By Sullivan &. Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
827 Sixth street.
Orrh*urn— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Too Much Johnson."
Columbia— "Th* "Little Minister."
Alhsmbra— "The Ansel of the Alley."
Tlvoli— "The Wedding Day."
Central— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Olyrnpla. corner Mascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every atternoon and
evening.
Fl scher' ¦— Vaudeville.
Tacforan Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
Lot a delicate child take a
little Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil after breakfast or
dinner— not too much— too
much will upset the stomach.
Better too little than too much.
The effect will be slow; it
ought to be slow. In a week,
you will see it began the first
day. Don't be in a hurry.
We'll »end yoa a little to try if yoo like.
SCOTT & BO WNE, 409 Pearl rtreet. New Yorl
A DELICATE CHILD
ADfEBTISEMENTS.
A favorite Chinese weapon Is a native
made rifle of one-inch caliber, requiring
two men to handle It. »
Are tends to kill the hair and turn it gray.
Parker's IJalr Balsam renews color and life.
Hlndercorns. th« b«st cure for corns. 13 cts.
Indian widows in Sitka go into mourning
by painting the upper part of their faces
black down to their mouths.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men oy tb»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main IOC •;THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL^ WEDNESDAY; MARGH: 27, 1901.
Lennon came back with a sharp reply.
"Yes, I have heard It." he said, "but it
was quoted by the District Attorney, and
that is why I doubted it."
Judge Melvin stopped the squabble by
saying: "If there is any more bickering
between counsel I shall take steps to stop
it- I want counsel to address their re
marks to the court, and I shall see that
they do so after this." The rebuke had
the effect of keeping peace for the rest of
the morning session. Cathcart would not
state If the "Sullivan" warrant was in
the handwriting of McGlade, though he
believed one word looked like it.
Auditor Broderick testified as to the
modus operand! of handling salary war
rants In the municipal government In
1S98, and was still testifying when the
noon lecess was called.
When the afternoon session was called
Auditor Broderick was cross-examined by
the defense, but nothing material was
elicited.
C. S. Derham, deputy superintendent of
streets in 1897-93, testified that he did not
sign his name on the "John Sullivan" sal
ary warrant and did not authorize any
one to do so. ' ; ; M
Evidence Against McGlade.
John .Sullivan, who worked for the
Street Department in 1S98 as a hodcarrier
and bricklayer, was positive that he had
not signed his name on the alleged forged
document. Witness had not worked in the
department at the time the warrant al
leged on its* face. •
Charles Trull, clerk for Bier & Regens
berger, identified receipts signed by Mc-
Glade when he discounted salary war
rants with the firm. -
"When Theodore Kytka took the stand
Lennon made vigorous objection to eve~y
question asked of tho witness by the pros
ecution. Kytka started in to make an ar-
Kument to the jury, but was shut off by
Jodpe Melvin at the request of the do
fense.
The handwriting expert stated that he
had inspected certain papes of writing in
the books of the Street Department, and
had aleo studied the •writing' and signa
tures on the "John Sullivan" salary war
rant. Kytka was emphatic in stating that
the same hand had done the writing in
the books and on the salary warrant pro
duced In court.
"The evidence of previous witnesses was
that McGlade had made the entries in the
hooks, and the prosecution hopes to show
by Kytka's expert testimony that Mc-
Glade forged the names on the salary
warrant, obtaining the money for tho
same. m
Kytka, despite the objections of Attor
ney Lennon, was allowed to explain tha
arrangement of samples of handwriting
on the large screen. The witness Informed
the Jury how u« had secured the enlarge
ments from the books of the Street De
partment and from the alleged forged sal
ary warrant.
The enlargements of the admitted hand
writing of McGlado were lettered "G "
and the sample? of disputed handwrltin'e
were lettered "D." 6
While- Kytka was in the midst of his
explanation the hour for adjournment was
reached, and the further hearing of the
case will be resumed this morning at 10
O CIOCxC,
rirt^L ™ cons ' de rably less than the cost
r-h^i 7^ e matter u wa s referred to City
Chemist Green, who, after an investiga
tion, reported that tho eausages wire
shipped from outside counties frid werl
composed of tainted horse meat" Health
Officer O'Brien will round up the violators
?'*.* *S la K W> wh J ch makes the offense pun
shable by a flne of $500 and one year's
imprisonment. The Health Board had a
similar experience six years a*o but the
traffic was wiped out by the arrest and
conviction of the offenders arrest ana
ENLARGED PHOTOGRAPHIC
SPECIMENS OF GENUINE
AND DISPUTED WRITING.
Cheap Bates.
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New Tork;
$27.60 from St. Louis; $25.00 from Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets good on tourist and reclining chair
cars.' Excursions leave Chicago every Tues
day until April 30. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at 641 Market street. ,.
GUESSING WHAT
RULES MAY MEAN
Police i Promotions Subject
of Much Discussion
in Department.
Many Ambiguous , Propositions Pro
§ pounded by the Civil Service
Commissioners for Ad- .
vancement in Bank.
If you. are a policeman^ and want to
get a promotion, just remember that the
Civil Service ; Commission has adopted
sundry rules and regulations to give the
candidate an opportunity to guess "who
is who and what. is what."
Secretary Moran has formulated the
rules, for the promotion of members of
the force. But between the lines, ambi
tious, ones are guessing what* may mean
"Meritorious Public Service," "Seniority
in Service" and "Scope of Examination."
These are the three features that count
the most and they are subdivided into
numerous heads. For instance, Secretary
Moran's propaganda reads: -
For the purposes of examination for promo
tion In the Ponce Department meritorious pub
lic service shall be considered ascertained
merit. Merit shall be .ascertained by investi
gating the records of applicants since their
original appointment to the, Police Department.
"Meritorious Public Service" Is also
subdivided into many heads, the relative
value of each proposition being left to
the , fine discernment of the Commission
ers or those who may be called upon 'to
pass upon the worth attached to each
deed of daring. .'¦
Here is the gem of thought that leaves
wide open a chance for favoritism:
Meritorious public service is hereby declared
to be service performed In . the line of duty,
which Id of such a nature that it is worthy of
commendation. So that credit may be prop
erly awarded meritorious public service is
hereby divided into the following • three classes,
arranged In the order of their relative excel
lence, that of the highest degree being first:
1. Distinguished service.
2. Highly meritorious jiervlce.
3. Good and faithful service. ;
' Penalties Inflicted. 1'
If a police officer takes one "high ball"
the commission decrees that he is twen
ty-five points off. Should he take the
second, just a century of points is
knocked off his record. His infractions
of discipline are to be regulated according
to the following schedule:
Intoxication. 25 points off: Intoxication (sec
ond conviction). 100 points oft; asleep on duty,
20 points off; absence from beat, 20 points off;
neglect of duty, 10 points off; assault, 20 points
off; exceeding powers, 10 points off; allowins
prisoners to escape, 10 points oft: tardiness, 10
points off: misconduct, in proportion to of
fense, 6-20 points; Insolence to superiors, 13
points off. '
The sum of the penalties for infractions of
discipline shall be deducted from the credit
awarded for meritorious service, and the re
mainder shall be the rate to be given th9 ap
plicant under the heading "meritorious ser
vice" in the examination for promotion.
Under separate heads, each of the vari
ous degrees of qualification for promotion
is Bet forth. A wide-open range for pre
ferment is left to the Commissioners and
examiners, but just wherein the degree
and the difference may come is known
only to those In power.
The rules read that applicants within
the "distinguished service class" "shall
be awarded a credit of 100 on the subject
of meritorious service in an examination
for promotion, provided they have never
been convicted, after a hearing before
thd Police Commissioners, on charges of
conduct subversive of good discipline,
and prejudicial to the best interests of
the Police Department."
Seniority Relative.
"The rating for seniority in service,"
says the report, "should be based upon
the applicant's continuous service In the
Police Department, Including service In
all ranks. As seniority is merely a rela
tive term, the applicant with the least
service 'is entitled to some credit," how
ever small it may be. when compared
with the highest 'credit, awarded the
applicant with the greatest service. This
credit Is to be given not to all the men
in a certain class, nor yet to all of one
class that may apply for examination for
promotion, but only to those that take
the examination. Until the commission
"knows, therefore, who have taken an ex
amination for promotion, it does not
seem possible to establish a schedule of
credits for seniority in service."
Here Is where the Joker comes In, say
pome of ths men aspiring for a chango
in their relative ranks.
"Who is the man that can tell just what
a policeman does." paid a veteran officer
last night. "It looks to me as if the
door was left wide open, 1 , and the deter
mination'of < the merits of any one man
may depend upon personal considerations
of the examiners. '- . '
A number of other recommendations are
made, all trending to the point that the
final determination of every officer's de
mand for preferment shall be left within
the province of the Civil Service Com
missioners and the examiners employed
by them.
Tainted Horse Meat Sausages.
A large number of wholesale meat deal
era complained recently to the Board of
Health that sausages were beinir soM in
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
SHIPMENTS THROUGH NOGALES-The
Collector of Customs at Nogales has been in
structed to accept entries at Naco as If made
at Nogales as heretofore until further advice.
RAILROAD DAMAGE CASE ON TRIAL—
The trial of the case of Helen Ellis against
the Southern Pacific Company for $30,000 for
personal injuries was resumed yesterday before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow and a
Jury.
WILLIAM STEIN SENTENCED— William
Stein was sentenced by United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday morning to one
year's imprisonment in the San FranclsvJ
County Jail for breaking open a mall box on
the water front on February ]3.
VIOLATION OF PASSENGER LAWS—
Surveyor Spear has filed with Customs Collec
tor fitratton charges against owners of the
Gaelic for carrying two passengers from Hono
lulu to this city in violation of law, the Gaelic
Dot being: In the coasting: trade. •
TEAMSTERS SHOULD TAKE WARNING.—
Every day teamsters appear in the Police
Court* charged with violating the boulevard
ordinance by driving: on Van Ness avenue.
Sixteen were before Judge Mogan Monday and
yesterday, and each was dismissed with a
reprimand.
QUARANTINE AGAINST PHILIPPINE
CATTLE— Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
O. \j. Bpauldln? has notified Port Collector
Btr&tton that a quarantine has been declared
for ninety days from the date of shipment
abroad on all ruminating animals and swine
coming from the Philippine!.
GIVES UP HI8 WATCH.— Dennis D. Toboas,
who wti committed to jail last Wednesday for
contempt of court for refuein* to pay Mar-
K&ret M. Tobcas alimony as ordered, was re
leased from custody yesterday, but not until
after he had surrendered his gold watch, which
will be hypothecated on account of the alimony
Judgment. Toboas said the watch waa the
only property he had < on earth, bo. upon its
surrender he was released.
satisfactory to the committee. Should
any of the land-owners In the district fall
to comply with the board's orders and re
fuse to make the sanitary changes it is
the intention to condemn such property
and close it as unfit for habitation.
The committee consists of Dr. White of
the Marine Hospital service. Dr. Mat
thews of the State Board of Health, and
Dr. Williamson of the local board.
A meeting of the committee will be held
at 1 p. m. to-day.
Funds to Cleanse Chinatown.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
recommended yesterday that the sum of
$6000 be appropriated to place Chinatown
in a sanitary condition. The money will
be expended by the Board of Health,
which will put a score of Inspectors to
work. The sum of $3000 wag allowed for
the extension of the Twenty-sixth street
Hospital and $1000 for additional expenses
in April. The money will be taken from
the urgent necessity fund, which now has
J12.000 to its credit The resolution appro
priating $3000 for an engine-house on San
Bruno avenue, near Twenty-fifth street,
was laid over until the fixing- of the tax
budget.
At a conference between the State and
local health authorities, held last night in
the rooms at the Board of Health a com
mittee was appointed to devise plans for
the thorough and immediate cleaning of
the Chinese quarter.
The meeting was helj at the suggestion
of the State Board of Health and was of
Fhort duration, lasting less than an hour.
Mayor Phelan presided. It was proposed
thar a systematic crusade against filth
Jn Chinatown be Inaugurated, and that
the property-owners therein be forced to
put their property in a sanitary condition
Vigorous Action to Be Taken
by Federal and State
Officials.
A DAMAGING chain of evidence
was welded around Peter Mc-
Glade yesterday at the trial of
the ex-bookkeeper of the Street
Department on a charge of forg
ir.g salary warrants.
Yesterday's proceedings were not devoid
of sensations, and at one stage of the trial
it looked as if Attorney Lennon would be
punished for contempt of court on ac
count of his attitude toward District At
torney Ryington. Although warned by
Judge Melvin on the previous day that
bickerings between opposing counsel must
cease, there was a repetition of the ac
tions yesterday. Lennon would hurl
charges at Byington, and the District At
torney would "give as. good." Judge Mel
vin finally lost his patience and told the
attorney* that any further breach of
court rules would be visited with punish
ment.
Attorney I>nnon is making a strenuous
f.pht to save McGlade, and the same pol
icy of objecting to every question of the
prosecution or the introduction of docu
mentary evidence was carried on yester
day.. When Lennon had used up every
known legal objection he objected on
"general grounds." which did not save
him frcm being: overruled.
Kytka Appears as Witness.
Theodore Kytka., the "Sousaesque"
handwriting e*j:-ert. was a prominent fig
ure In the case yesterday. A fifteen-foot
screen, with enlargements of the hand
writing of Peter McGlade and of the writ
ing on the forged "John Sullivan" salary
warrant, was brought into court during
the noon recess. Kytka also piled up
negatives, photographs, microscopes and
flides, until the courtroom took on the as
pect of a Thotographic gallery.
When court convened yesterday morn
ing Attorney I^ennon made a long argu
ment in the hope of being allowed to test
Witness McGinness 1 ability to identify his
own writing by the use of "test signa
tures." The court denied the motion for
the defence, and when Lonnon tried to
pet around the decision by calling Mc-
Ginness to ih» stand and changing the
form of question the objections of the
prosecution were sustained.
I^mion then threatened "to bring the
balance of the City Hall here" to sustain
his contention that McGInness could not
identify his own signature.
J. J. Cathcart. assistant bookkeeper un
d«r McGlade ip 1R3S. was not a wlllinsr
witness. He identified McGlade's writing
in the books of the Street Department.
»>ut would not j wear to McGlade's signa
ture on the "John Sullivan" salary war
rant, which is the alleged forged docu
ment. Cathrart was requested to examine
the timebook of the Street Department,
hut he could find no trace of "John Sulli
van" having worked twenty-four days as
a fewer repairer at U per day during
August. 1S3S. The witness further testi
fied that McGlade rtisappeared from the
office in November, IE38.
Judge Melvin Warns Counsel.
PLAN TO CLEAN
CHINESE QUARTER
District Attorney Bylngton then asked
«""athcart If the writing In the body of the
"John EulHvan" salary warrant was in
McG lade's hand, to which Attorney Len
non objected, claiming that the document
was not in evidence. Byington retorted
that "the law on the matter has been
quoted many times In this case, and coun
sel ehould know it."
Strong Testimony Is Presented at Trial, Which Again
Results in Wrangle of Counsel.
WEAVES CHAIN OF EVIDENCE
AROUND PETER W. McGLADE
7
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fa^ wharf, San Francisco:
CSfcj^^^^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
n*W8aV March 2?. 27. April 1. Chanst*
lmPrjM>%. to company's steamers at Sa-
[^M^^S^CTg For Victoria. Vanrouvex 'B
R^^£J*J*Cjlj C). Port Town<<end. Seattle.
r^^OKSKfii Tacoma, Kverett, Anac"rt»<
and New Whateom (V.'ash.) —
" "^* 11 a. xn., March 22. 27. Aprt!
J. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alas**
end G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. HumboJdt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
24. 29. April 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo <Lo« An-
Ke l eg )_Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Panta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ro.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, ray-
ticos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Peflro.
East San Pedro «Loa Angeles) and Newport—
Bteamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose «•!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Roxalla
and Ouiynai (Mex.V- 10 a. m.. "th each mont'i.
Fnr further Information obtain company j
folders.
The company reserves th» right tn cnang»
stenmers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFPICE-4 New Mor.tgonwnr
Street <Palsce Hntel).
GOOD ALL. PKRKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Franclso.
OCEAN TB^VEL
DR.MEYERS&GO.
Specialists, Dis-
ease and Weaknesa
of men. Estab-
lished 1SS1. Consul-
tation' and private
book free, at office
or by mall. Cures
guaranteed. 731
Market street (ele-
vator entrance).
San Francisco.
PUB-PORTS OF KNTIIY— Anacortes and
Friday IJartor have been created sub-ports of
entry on Puget Sound. Tills will pormlt v.is-
fels to go direct to these ports and make entry,
and thus avoid the dslay anii expense as here-
tofore of first making entry at Port Townsenil
and obtaining permit to proceed to those porta.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF fiHSTOHY
Py^ Tho Largest AnAtomic&l Mt»eum in the
-• . j3.- World. W «t^n»s« or any contracted
A?7t33l di««s pcT.ltl«t-l7 cured by thi oldsst
tiff fa I s >P eclai ' i:futb< - Co»«. EiL36va«r»
if£?fl Cfi.J0RBA?i-PE!VArE0!SSA3£S
BCT^&^R Co3«uli«lon ft-n «nd Jtrirt!T private.
3 XWnf Hi *^ rt " nlenl P«'»on«liy or by letter. A
a (y Vt H /t».fiv» Curt id every case unil;nak«".
B It lift Write for Book. PntLOSUPBVcr
I J !J" JSAUUIAUtt. MAILED FRSB. iA
\ A jb' »«lu»We book fo» mrn)
X>B. JORDAN «S: CO., 1051 Market St., a F.
jgrnto. VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON niSIIOP'S PILL3
Aif,fS_ iSj lmve be»-n in ush over fifty
fflRiv^^aSora years by tho leaders of th°
b?SmJ!+ i^trola Mormon Church and their fol-
Bffiifly^ngBH lowers. Positively cure the
SrT^I^H* fflSM worst cases in old and youn^
ral wVRBM arlFinc from' eflecta of self-
\*5k«SA*/CT» abuse, dissiiiation, excrsscs of
il3w&! l YJ»i 'cigarette-smoking. Cure I^ost
\aS^«%i3T Manhood. Impofncy. I-oKt
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia Pnlns In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, ITnfltness to Mar-
ry, Lom of Semen. » j~^ Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne*^J «fl rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effeetf^L^jZa a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor anA CENTS potency to every
function. r>on"t get despondent: a cure Is at
hand Reston.* small, undeveloned rrgana.
gtlmulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 8 boxes. Cir-
culars free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO
40 Kllis st.,. San Francisco. , t_al. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st.
CE
0
IS,
ilSCO.
PALA
and
GRAN
HpTE
San Franc
These hotels pos-
sess the attribut-s
that tourists and
travelers appreciate
—central location,
liberal manage-
ment, modern ap-
pointments and
perfect cuisine,
American and .Eu-
ropean plans.,-'
DRPiERCE'S
MEDICAL
- forthe""
BiLOOD.aHVER.B-yFdGS.
PACI7IC STEAM HAVI9ATI0S CO. A5D
COXFAXIA 8UD AXSEICAN1 03 VlPOa^H
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
cs AREQUIPA • April 4. 1901
II" LIMARI. APrll 17. 19. > I
pIT'PERU April -. 13-n
SS. GUATEMALA ..................May -, i«l
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall..
The^e steamers are built expressly for Cer.tr U
and South American passenger service (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelsht and
cassenrer office. >a« California street.
P BALFOUR. GUTHRIE. & CO.. Arents.
FOR MANILA DIRECT.
THE OREGON ANI> ORIENTAL STEAM-
ahlD company will dispatch from San
Francisco on APRIL 1O the Al steamship
MON-MOUTHSHIRF. 130C0 tor.s burthen) for
Yokonama. Nagasaki. Manila and Hongkong,
with connection* to other Oriental ports, to
be follow I about May 10 by the steamship
PARM\RTHENSHIRE. These steamers hav«
superior v-xommodatlons for a limited num-
ber of passengers. For freight and passage ap-
ply to JOHN' L. HOWARD. 130 Market .t.
ES SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Xew
Zealand and Australia
Friday. March 23. S p. m.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April «. S p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS k BESS. CO., CiPiral Agsnts. 327 Harttt SI
Esn'l Passenjsr OI8c9, 843 Hirkat St.. Fiar »a. 7. Pacifi; St
AAA<iniA C C 4*A HAaVA "' SAU0A< Rn>
V VVUlllV O.4J* V V» 01 « crusE to TA HITJ
PANAMA R, R, KSe
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direst
Cabin. *tO5: St-erac*. $4O
S. S. Roanoke sail3 Tuesday, April ti
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday, April 16
S- S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
From Seawall Section No. *.. 2 P. M.
Freight and passenger orfl~e. 330 Market «t-
F F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer Flr*t and Rrannan utreets. at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing «?
Kobe (H:ogo>. Nairasakl and Shanghai, anj
connecting at Honkgong with steamers for
India, etc. Net cargo received on board on dr»y
PR HONKONO MARU.!Tu**daY. AptJI «. IVt
PS" NIPPON MARU »...FrMay. May 3. P81
SS AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1^1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelsrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
MATINEE TO-DAT. WED. MARCH 27. I
Parquet. 25c. sny seat; Balcony, 10c: Children, j
10c, any part except reserved.
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST.
MABIE WAINWKIGHT Assisted by
EDWARD ELSNER AND CO., BURT
SHEPARD, CALLAHAN AND
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TE-
CHOW'S CATS, BIOGRAPH, Last
Week of BUNTH AND RUDD CO.,
and PAPINTA.
THE BIOGRAPH
THrS WEEK SHOWS
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FUNERAL,
EVEXIXGS AT 8. -MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
"SECOND -TVEEK-BIG CROWDS SEE"'
The Musical and Comedy Sensation.
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
Next Opera— Th« Greatest of AH Hits,
THE IDOL'S EYE. "HOOT. MO.V."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 30=
Telephone— Bush 9.
VULU flfllal Sk LEADING THEATRE
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Tresents
TUC m 9 m m ir»
I nu me
oiinprcp •
CENTURY! >" 'LC
By J. M. BARRIE.
Founded on his novel of the same name.
BEL+SCOAHBTHALC&jfetf^
Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and. SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe'a Immortal Story,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
'^..e Most Goreeous Production Ever Seen In
, This City.
A Powerful Cast: Plantation Songs and
Dances; Jubilee Singers; Bloodhounds, etc.
DD1PPW 'Kvenlnjrs.. lOc, l.">e, Jttie. J»Oc
rillWCO Matinees.: lOc. 15c. 25c
Next Week— America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING In "THE GLADIATOR."
X J HONE SOUTH 770
TO-XIGHT— MATIXEEf SATURDAY.
LAST. WEEK
Of the Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
Production of the World!
-THE W^^^:
r° H F E JLrjLiEir.
PRICES
13e II5c asc SOe.
it *1v A in JUi *^ B lr» C— . '
A LAUGHING £UCCE6S.
.To«n : ght. Wm Gillette's Comedy.
"Too Much
JGhnson,"
SEATS - • - - r^!5c, 2:c. 35c, 50c
•; MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
P>'cxt WeU-TENNESSEE'8 PARDNBR.
CHUTES lANJ^ZOO'^Ssr'
.BarnesVEig Dog and Pony Shew.
LEAH MAY, tkc Giantess.
TO-MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEURS
> IN SPECIALTIES.
Telephone for. Seats.; Park 23
' FISCHERS CONCERT HOUSE.
Wm. McDonald, Aku Aabador. Merleita. the
. Flechtls, ¦ Olive Vail; Lillian Jeanette. • A. V.
t Hentley and HInrlchs 1 Orchestra.: Reserved
AMERICAN LINE.
nCW TORK. ECUTH1SPT05. L05WH. VkZl\
StnDptn* at Cherbonrr. w«»«tl)Ot»n<l
From New York Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Pt. Louis April 3]St. Louis April 2*
Xew York April in New Tork May I
jaderland April 17iSt. Paul May!
fTED STAR LINK;
New York and Antwtm
From New Tork Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland April MKensln<ton ....Anrll Z%
Snuthwark April K-^eeland May 1
Westernland ...April 17l Frlesland May 8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION rOMPAXT.
** CHAS. X>. TATLOR.
General. A«nt Pacific Coast. 33 Montgomery «t.
10.U R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From SDear-stre«t*Wnarf at 11 a. m.
CADCS12 First Clasi includlnoj Bart>
r**n~ $3 Second Clas^ and Meat*.
roi/UMBIA salln Mar. 7*. Apr. 1
GKO. W. ELDER -sails Mar. 13. Apr. 9
Short line to Walla WaHa. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Through tickets tf> all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajrent.
1 Montsomery st.
AMUSEMENTS.
,MWjWESTERN HOTEL,
Kear1»¥^a»d Washington sts.— rs-
mo^tltd and tenovated. KINO. WARD i
CO. European plan. Kooms. i'V to Jl JO day:
IS to 18 week; JS to 17) month. Free bath?: I:
and cold water every mom: flre crates In evt .
rf»nm: *;'»viif«p'rnrn all n^R^t
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying- Don't you know what
causes them ? The most common
of all diseases — Constipation. Your
system is clogged and needs deans-
ing. The best remedy is
The only certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the worfc.
A rod-Page Book of Stories and Kj w
.Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free "i^5«,£3/
v.irh every =5-cent p.-jckJC?. |Sl^vP»f
ALL DRUGGISTS. Vrao*m*^ ;
.BAY ? AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
-•Vffi'pJir.^^'Mm YARD AND VALLEJO.
¦ j '-^fcrp?- ¦"•"•' tict ' In "
MON*.;'tJK«.",fV»^-Thurs. and Sat. at J:«
a. r8«"3!lj(ra2iJ p." r».(ex. Thursday nlrht): Fr!-
d«ya. '1 P-WW.4"<*' i'-ZO: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. iii.' l l.srfeCc anrl offlc*. :"'siiion-«treet Do*.
PIT '¦S<**i.* T'lcrl^""" Main 1S08.
DAfEQ TANFORAN
IlilvEO PARK
THfc SAN FRANilSG3 J3GXEY CLU3,
:Week . March 2ith to 30th. .
SIX' HIGH-CLASS ' KACES* EACH DAT.
TUESDAY— HURDLE RACE.
THURSDAY-HIGH-WEIGHT HANDICAP.
bATURUAY— THE SPRING HANDICAP. iJOOO
ADDKD. "i
First Rtce.baily at 2:10P.M. .
. Trains from Third and Townsend atreeti— 7,
Jf. :40.', 11:30 a." m.: 12:40, 1, 1:20. 2 p.m.. -
t Returnlr.? Isave Track 4 :li and thereafter at
«horf intervala. - ~
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R.FARE) SI ».
. - -v »., MILTON- S. T^ATHAM. Secretarv. '
r....T rn\ci:c. r. <*n..:S\~, n-y.
COSPAONrB GE?rSIlAI.S TaA58ATLAHTiqTJ2.
DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jf^i»«
kSSffr -% SSSKSSS £&m
Vorth IMver. loot of Morton street. Flrst-cla«s
tr.Ha.vre »55 and upward. Pecond class tr»
H.v« »« ind upward. GENERAL AOEXCT
KOR UNITED STATES -n«1 CANADA. *3
Hroadway (Hudson bnlldlngi. N«w Tork. J. F.
FlTGAZI & CO.. PadHc Coast Asrents. 3 Mont-
gomery avenu-. San Francisco. Ticket! sold by
all Rn'llmad Ttefc«t Ag.ntn.
sun ,| Ml „ ,,- _•_•; ¦ «¦ ¦ , ,' ¦¦!
The wind-up of
Pan! s Shoes
Sale starts this morning at nine o'clock. .This stock must
be disposed of in a few days no matter what the prices are.
We have made the prices so low that the •¦ hoes will sell asfast
as we can try them on. You wi.l have to ccm- quick if you
want to save $1, $3 or $4 on a pair of shoes. .Here are seme
of the values :
Men's
The famous W. L. Douglas Shoes, worth $3, $4 and 5 <Z,
will Vo at $2,00.
Pahl's own custom make, worth $8, $10 and $12, will go
at $3.00. \ ' ,
Other makes of shoes a little ojt of style, worth $3'and
$4, will go at 90c.
Boys' W. L. Douglas shoes only T5c.
¦ T ' rt * V ' '
Odd sizes of shoes that arc a little out of, style, but good and coin'-'.'
fortablc, 25e. 'r'.O
Pahl's own make of shoes, that were made to order and uncalled for,
woith $6 and $7, made of nice soft, fine leather. bnly'^lifiO.'
Some shoes in this season's .'ate styles, worth $5, will go at ?2.OO. : "
Misses' shoes in good leathers, worth $2, \yill go at 50c. I
1 Many shoes arcinbins — pick "them out yourself. Come early. ¦ ' f
I Ji.. : & L. LElSSER
(SUCCESSORS TO RICHARD PAHL)
324 Kearriy Street, Near Bush
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AOTJS23£E2rr£L
Pff^Si Bea\ity is Health. i
BMailllMr ' thank vou for the benefit I received from your advice and the Wine of Cardui I took. Wg
HlUllIf^ S^ ' n m y terri^' c condition my life was no pleasure to me at al! and I was of no use to Ef 2
MifUPh^L "'^^^^^fUiH^ enybody. After receiving your advice and medicine I commenced liking It and began L§
ra|U|fL^SvijHB^Sllin\li^ immediately to improve. The pains left me. and the memes, which came at the correct
HllllllKEI^* d *^PM!il!llf!ra time * continued tnree days. I have jained strength and my weight has increased. My t33
WI»1»bJHL Mjf^ husband says the medicine has made me better. looking than ever before. £j||
ST^ 8 Womanly health means bright eyes, roiy cheeks, clear complexion and WM
W elasticity of form. This is the youth unmeasured by years — the beauty of per- IKw
m.\ k°* woman h° o d' Beautiful women are happier and get more out of life than l|a
By; Vj-jfc . f/^ -dfigM ' their sisters whose faces Indicate suffering. Wine of Cardui made Mrs. Mannell mm
"better looking" and infinitely happier because it cured her of those terrible Egjj
'Bra is giving thousands of women health, beauty and freedom from the dragging pains which have made jS^
W03 . their lives so miserable. Wan faces, haggard eyes and emaciated forms arc the results of suffering. &M
jp| What suffering can compare with the torture of irregular menstruation, leucorrhoea and falling of the Ipl
|||l womb ! Beauty flies quickly before the ravages of such disease. The sharp pains of falling of the ]|||
y|l womb deepen the crow tracks in the face. Menstrua! irregularities rob the eye of its fire and the com- |8]f
jijf plexion of its transparency. Leucorrhoca drains the body of its strength, but Wine of Cardui restores gyj
Pf the natural beauty, brightens the eye, clears the complexion, rounds out the figure and brings back 1|a
l||| the vigor of health. Every druggist in this city handles $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. jj||&
egff • For advico and literature, address, g^Ting symptoms, "The Ladies' AdTisory 05rl
|Bj»S Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. tl^'i
I A PERMANENT CURE f
9 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
5"'and'Gleet,'cnarantewl in- from 3 to 8 §
2 days : nc other treatment required. 5
K Soid by al) druggists. . ¦ • 3»New York Stock Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S\
Sterling Cable* .....'. — 4 89%
New York Exchange; sight...... — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver, per • ounce...... — 6O',i
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... .. 50 Q -61 -
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quoted at 36s 3d®
37s 6d for spot business, usual options, with
very little doing. VThe • chartered wheat fleet
In port has a registered - tonnage of 21.600,
against 25.1S0 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. 9440 tons, against. 1796; on the way
to this, port, 151,700 tons, against 173,474.
WHEAT— The markets all. over the world
were dull and prices showed . little change.
Liverpool was lower and Paris firmer. New
York and Chicago stood about the same. At
Chicago the market was extremely dull,"- and
traders were bearleh. Some shorts covered.
The . strength In ¦ Corn kept -Wheat from gi vine
way. Bradstreet's estimate gave a decrease
in stocks east of the Rockies of 1,177,000 bush
els, and an increase in Europe and • afloat of
1.200.000. making a net increase of 23.000 bush
els. - . • - . . ¦¦• •...¦¦ :. . .-. .. -.- -..
This market was neglected 'and .nominal,
with practically nothing doing? on call.
¦- 8pot Wheat-Shipping. ¦ $101 01U; milling.
$1 02%@l 05 per. ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.'
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. .¦ . . •, .
Regular Morning Session— No tales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The . demand amounts 'to very lit
tle now. and the feeling Is rather weak than
otherwise. Prices ' show no further change. •
» Feed. 76«4c for. choice bright. 75c for No 1
and 72H®73%c . for s off '¦ grades; Brewing . and
Shipping, grades,- 8)085cr Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. • -- ¦ ¦
: Regular Morning • ¦ Session— May — 20000 ctls
Afternoon Session— No eales.
OATS— The demand for seed is about over/
though a few sales are being made for. this
account. The market is dull and weak as a
rule and quotations show some change, as fol
lows: ¦ - White. »l SE<S>1 50; Surprise, nominal;
R^VIl 30©l 45; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl.- .
¦ CORN— Quotations have shown no change for
sometime. The market is. flat and neglected.'
:.'¦:. Yellow.^ 11 1O®1 15;. White,. »l 10@l 15; East
ern mixed, »1 12V4per.ctl. •-¦¦•-. ..--,. -"-<- •.-- •'• -
s RYE— SO^SSc per ctl. Offerings continue too
lf£j or the <Jf mand. which . is very slow.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. ,
CHICAGO, March 26.-At the opening the
corn market seemed scarcely equal to' the
pressure of longs who wished to secure profits.
Of Influence In this condition were easier cables
and better weather In the West. May opened
H®%c lower at 42%c to 42H®42tfc and
declined during the first hour to 42c. Offerings
at this decline became lighter and for a time
the market ruled dull and featureless, except
ing moderate purchases by Phillips, who was
reported to be in a position to control the
market. The selling was general, but In small
lots. Small primary receipts and the continued
tuying by Phillips later started shorts to bid
ding and as longs suddenly/ evinced a disposi
tion to hold tight or had sold out the market
recovered sharply to 42Hc. the highest price
obtained this season ; for May delivery. This
bulge met renewed pressure from . longs and
the market again sagged. May closing easy,
H@^4C under yesterday, at 42H@42^4c. ¦ _
The market for wheat was very dull and
the trade of a scalping character,- which of
fered nothing of intemt. Sentiment was still
bearish, but the Impulse to sell was bridled
by fear of a bull corn market. May ' opened
unchanged . to He lower at 75H@?&3tc and
dropped early to 75%c. Business . for ¦ a time
was at a • standstill. > but /later. In sympathy
with the corn strength. . shorts covered and
tent Miy up to 76«ic. Following this and also
In sympathy with corn the market eased and
May closed %<9*ie lower • at ', 75V4@7"He- . :
Oats was almost entirely overlooked. May
closed He lower at 25c In sympathy with corn.
Provisions were quiet, but averaged steady on
light hog receipts and 'higher prices for hogt.
May pork closed unchanged, lard 7%c higher
and ribs 2%®5c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
£an Franciscn data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 45; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen steadily during the
patt twenty-four hours over the northwestern
portion of the country, and has fallen over Ari
zona ar.d Southern California.
The temperature has fallen about 10 degrees
over Northern Nevada. From Cape Mendocino
north-ward rain ha* fallen. Squally weather.
«ltl» hail, is reported at Astoria. At Neah Bay
a maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per hour
from the west is repcrted.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 27. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; light westerly
winds.
Utah— Cloudy Wedneeday; warmer Wednes
day r.1zht.
Arizona-Fair Wednesday; light southwesterly
winis.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday.
with increasing cloudiness at sight; light
northerly, changing to fre*h westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
--. — . T
NEW TORK. March 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.392 barrels; exports. 7723 barrels: fairly
steady; Minnesota patents, Jlgt DO; winter low
grades. {2 4c@2 65.
WHEAT— Receipts. • 116,700 bushels; exports,
E6.0S6 bushels; spot, easy: No. 2 red, Sl'.-jc f.
o. b. afloat: No. 2 red. 71 Tic elevator: No. 1
Northern Duluth, SSHc, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 92V>c f.o b. afloat. Options were
dull all day and most of the time rather weak
In response to disappointing outside trade,
favorable home crop news, local bear pressuru
and liberal primary receipts. Occasional per*
iods of steadiness took place In sympathy with
corn, but a final drop under renewed realizing
left the market weak at >'»@Uc net loss. May
SOViQSO 7-lCc. closed at iCic: July. S0?i6S0 7-16c.
closed at 80%c; September. 73?i@79T4c, closed
at 7STic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm; fair refining,
3V463 17-32c; centrifugal. 96 test. 4 13-32c; mo
lasses sugar. 3 9-Z2@3 i-16c: refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot -Rto, dull and weak; No. 7
Invoice, 6Tj@7c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@12Hc.
Futures closed dull la tone, .with prices net
unchanged to 10 points lower; total sales, 2750
bags, including May. j; I.); July, J5 70; Sep
tember, S5 SO: December, J6. ¦ ; ,
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.198 packages; firm;
fresh creamery, 16@22c: factory. 9@l4Hc-
EGGS— Receipts, 21.665* packages; strong;
Western, «t mark. 13'»@13'ic; Southern, at
mark. 12»i@13Kc.
There was a slow and uninteresting market
prevalent for evaporated apples to-day, state
common. 8@4c; prime, 4H@4%c; choice, 3@5^c;
fancy. 6@6^c. California dried fruits Inactive,
but steady. c
PRUNES— 3%<S7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
AFRICOTS-Royal, 7^S12c; Moorpark, SU
©13c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 12U®20c; unpeeled, 5H
©10c. ¦
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Grain and Produce
Treasure Shipment.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list
of S1C9.2G4, consisting of *55S1 In Mexican dot
larv. fttSt In sold coin and $1C2.OOO In silver
bullion. .
Dried Fruits in New York.
:.:.-.;! adi-ices from Xetr Tork say: "Cali
fornia raisins on spot- are steadier, in view of
the recent withdrawal cf low export prices,
ar.J the market is about back to the point
where it wa£ before the export rebate so badly
demoralized it. There is. however, very little
interest in either domestic or imported fruit.
"'Prunes continue to sell very freely, and all
flits are scarce on ths epct, although receipts
«f fair Jots are comlr.f in dally from the coast.
r";ft!es tre the scarcest - felze. and 60-70s and
MMOOs also are very wtll cleaned up on the
Fpot. Sales of these two sizes at 5c and 3>4c,
respectively, have been on a liberal basis dur
ing the patt week. anJ some of the largest
dealers are absolutely without a box. The coast
prune situation appears to be finning up dally.
Tslceraphlc dispatches yesterday again report
<f? that outside stocks twcl been entirely cleaned
u;> by the association. There were, however.
r<me reported outside oJXerings from the coast
on x. 2*»c basis.
"There is some trade In other lines, but
the aggregate business is, small, and the mar
ket as a general thing dull and eaE>\ Dates
e re steady and meet with fair demand. Prime
*¦ vaporated apples as - a little more active.
Sales of several cars are reported at 4Hc
strictly prime is scan.-?. Chops are dull and
'-afifr. Sundried are raorr plentiful and there
lg some pressure to yell. Quotations are lower,
but there is little deirand."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report cf A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, is as fellows:
"The temperature has continued slightly
sbove ncrraal throughout the State during ths
meek and conditions have been generally favor
able lor the growth of crops and the develop
ment of deciduous fruits. No injurious frosts
have occurred. Drying winds have crusted the
surface feoil in seme localities, but there has
been no serious injury thus far. Light rain
«-«.u'd be beneficial in all sections. Rain has
falier on the northwe-st coast and In San Diego
County. Light showers are falling to-day tn
the central and north^ro portions of the State.
"Grain continues jr. excellent condition in
reaily all fiectioni". but will need rain very
foon in Southern California and In some por
tions of the San Joaqu!n Valley and the south
ern coast counties. With occasional light
fhowers during the enduing month the yield of
grain should exceed th? average in all parts
of the fc-'ate. Prospects are also good for
large cror= «f alfalfa. Pasturage continue!
I'lcntlful iu most sections. Summer fallowing
is progressing and conriderable work is being
den* in cultivating orchards and vineyards.
Irrigating is in rr&grcFS wherever necessary
and water is ptentttoL
"Deciduous fruits are In full bloom in nearly
all t-ecticTis and advancing rapidly. In some
< rcranis the yield of apricots will fall below
last season 1 *, but lt it- said the fruit gives
indit-a-tions cf being much larger. Almonds
ere dropping in seme sections, but average
crops a;e expected. Citrus fruits and vine
yards are in good condition."
Weather Report.
flCOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
f=AN FRANCISCO. March 26, 1301— 5 p. m.
The followins are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
laet i-eason, and rainfalls in the last twenty-
back to ICO 1 ;. The local traction stocks were
notably weak, declining from 2 to 2%. and
there was especially notable declines In the
Industrial list. Tobacco falling 1 at one time
3 l ». Amalgamated Copper 2% and Sugar 2
points. Some of the usually quiet stocks
which have enjoyed recent extraordinary ad
vances fell back sharply. The steel stocks
chared In the general weakness and many of
them dropped from 1 to 2 points under last
night. It was after I. early the whole session
had been consumed in this procession of ex
tension of short accounts that the Northern
Pacific movement developed. The bears were
completely routed and found the supply of
etoclu very small, bidding up prices on them
selves by rapid strides. There was an almost
complete recovery in. the general list and
Northern Pacific surged upward 3 l i points to
91%. a record price. The rise In Burlington
reached 4\. It was the current belief in Wall
street that a. reaction was favored by the cap
italists who are heavily committed to the pend
ing great syndicate transactions, owing to the
apprehension that the demands of the ani
mated speculation upon the money market
threaten to exhaust the surplus supplies. The
steady upward course of sterling exchange
grave good ground for the expectation that gold
might go out at an early period. In fact the
report was current tint actual arrangements
had been made for shipments on Saturday's
•eteamer. but it is probable that sterling ex
change will have to rise an additional fraction
before exports of gold will be profitable.'
Railroad bonds continued active and Irregu
lar. Total sales. $4,7«O.COO.
United States old 4s (coupon) advanced U
en the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
31.900 Atchison „ 60'i
23,800 Atchlson prerd 93^4
3,700 Baltimore & Ohio SO
600 Canadian Pacific 934
4,600 Canada Southern 63H
7.600 Chesapeake & Ohio 46
2,400 Chicago Great Western 22%
79.100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy l<>7Vk
6.700 Chicago Ind & Louisville 37»;
iCO Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72*4,
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 118
300 Chicago &. North wee tern 177
11.900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacinc 127i»
3.700 C C C & St Louts 91H
12,400 Colorado Southern 11%
1.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47*«
2.1C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22*- 4
2.600 Delaware & Hudson 1<53' 3
100 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.-lSa 1 -* .
11.400 Denver & Rio Grande 47»»
5.800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 96% i
67,100 Erie 354]
11,100 Erie 1st prefd «t> 4
2,200 Ureat Northern prefd 201Vi
200 Hocking Coal 17H:
1,700 Hocking Valley 53**
600 Illinois Central : .T;.136V4
3.100 Iowa Central 32^
2.000 Iowa Central prefd 61V4
3.800 Lake Erie & v We«tern 58
Lake Erie & Western prefd ....123
Lake Shore 210>-i
11.600 Louisville & Nashville 99», |
33,600 Manhattan L 123% I
1,100 Metropolitan Street Railway 162V* I
f.fXm Mexican Central 25
2.700 Minn & St Louis „ SS
Minn & St Louis prefd T. Ill
W.SCO Missouri Pacific 101
200 Mobile L Ohio SO
7.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 24»i
9.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd ie\ 2
100 New Jersey Central 154Vj
7,400 New York Central 1464
3,000 Norfolk & Western 60\
€00 Norfolk & Western prefd S5
82.100 Northern Pacific 91%
3,109 Northern Fadflc prefd 89%
13.10U Ontario &. Western 34< 4
Oregon Railway & Nav.... 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
17.100 Pennsylvania 153T«
13.100 Reading 34
S.3O0 Reading 1st prefd 73
11.100 Reading 2d prefd.. 4S',«
Rio Grande Western 83
Rio Grande Western prefd 103
1,400 St Louis & San Fran 43Vi
Pt I»uis & San Fran 1st prefd 85
. 1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67"i
2.100 St Louis Southwestern 34
3.200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64
21,700 St Paul .1 14SU
100 £t Paul prefd 1544
Bt Paul &. Omaha 125'
17.300 Southern Pacific .'. 481:
26.100 Southern Railway ....". 28H
3,200 Southern Railway prefd 78 7 i
16,100 Texas & Pacific 34^4
42.800 Union Pacinc : 91^
1.500 Union Pacific prefd ." 84*.
S.O0O Wabash 20%
27,400 Wabash prefd 40H
6,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18%
6.800 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 84
3.700 Wisconsin Central *m
.'. Third Avenue :......: 121
200 Baltimore & Ohio pred 90%
1.300 National Tub* tr 153U,
300 National Tube prefd, t r 113
Express Companies—
Adams i$o
100 American \ .- 302
1,600 United States 7714
100 Wells Fargo ...., 143 s
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 25'
American Cotton Oil prefd S3
American Malting 5%
American Malting prefd.... 27
6.000 Am Smelting & Refining 57Vi
700 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 96%
American Spirits M 1%
American Spirits prefd * 17'
3,700 American Steel Hoop 41
1.200 American Steel Hoop prefd 92
2,800 American Steel & Wire 4;H
2,000 American Steel & Wir» prefd 10SU
2.000 American Tin Plate 63%
4,000 American Tin Plate prefd 1144
6,100 American Tobacco 106
American Tobacco prefd 144
2,700 Anaconda Mining Co 4$
61.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SOU
1.700 Colorado Fuel &. Iron 52%
9,000 • Continental Tobacco 44*4
100 Continental Tobacco prefd .104S
2.9W Federal Steel 47a?
2.700 Federal Steel prefd 107
1,000 General Electric ..215%
Glucose Sugar 47U
Glucose Sugar prefd 94
3.800 International Paper 200%
4.200 International Paper prefd 7$^
200 Laclede Gas 81%
400 National Biscuit 40s
National Biscuit prefd 95V4
100 National Lead .'. 15^4
20C National Lead prefd 82%
8,300 National Steel t r siu
300 National ' fiteeV prefd 113U
New York Air Brake 159(4
,1,400 North American 8S'i
Pacific Coast 65
Pacific Coaat 1st prefd 92
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64 •
L2O0 Pacific Mall 25
11,500 People's Gas 105*4
200 Pressed St*«I Car ssv
8.100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 79U
200 Pullman Palace Car .'.V..... "..... 203 *
Standard Rope & Twine 41
60.700 Sugar 140%
Sugar prefd ; 121
. 4,400 Tenn Coal A Iron 6«ix
I 1,109 United States Leather 12a?
1,200 United States Leather prefd ..75
: United States Rubber........ u«
200 United States Rubber prefd 60
3.800 Western Union 89
-24,400 Amalgamated Copper 10014
600 Republic Iron A Steel 1614
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 68U
PCCftBt Louis 684
1.161.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. 1.
V B U nr ref....l(M N T-Cen l«U.....107%
U 8 do COUP......106H N 3 Cen *en ln..U»
USh re« 111H Nortb«rn Ko <8..108H
Shipment of $109,264 to China.
Sih'cr and New York Excltange lower.
Wheat and Wheat freights very dull.-
Barley, Oats, Com and Rye neglected. .
Bran firm and Hay easy and plentiful. T, ¦
Beans and Seeds show no quotable change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in ample supply.
Butter accumulating and still lower. Cheese firm and Eggs steady.
Poultry still high under light supplies. Game nominal.
Strawberries decline under increasing receipts.
Orange market overstocked and weak. ]
Lemons weak and plentiful. Limes still scarce and firm.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as previously quoted.
Hams, Bacon and Lard very firm. Cottolene marked up.
Hops cleaning up and very firm. ¦ v
Wool and Hides weak and dull, with accumulating stocks, i
Hogs very scarce, with a further advance expected. ] "*¦
Mutton and Lamb easy. Beef and Veal steady.
(jraw Hags firm.
Xo change in Coal.
Oil and local stocks continue to meet wiih a good'demand.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3»; — :>ceanlc S S 6».104>4 —
Cal-st Cab 3s..116}j — Om C R «»....13% —
C C Water 5s. — lWi Pac G Imp 4a. — KXT-A
B L & P 6s..l2S*il33«3 Pk & Cl R 6s.l0i —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 11* — Pk & O R 6s. — —
Geary-8t R 5s. — — Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw C 5Hs..- .108*1 — B E G & R 5a. 93 —
Haw C 5s 104'.i — S F & SJV 5a.l2l —
L A R R 5s. .113 — S R of Cal 6s. UJ —
L A L Co 6s. — 104 S P R of A «3
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 «1300> 112%4 —
Do sntd 5s. .100 — Do <1310) 113Vj —
L A P R R 59.101*3 — S P C 6s (1903,
Markt-st C 6s.l26*i — Series A).... — 110*4
Do 1st c 5s..m?i — Do(Series B)U1*4111H
N C N G R 7s — 113'i Do (1006) 113V,
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1912) 122»i —
N R of Cal 5S.120*; — S P C 1st g 5a.l!Wi, —
N P C R R Ss.1014 — S P Br R 6s. .133 —
N P C R R Bs.lOSVi — S V Water 63.113-; —
NCR 6s Ill — S V Water 4».1O4 —
O G L & H 5s.lliUj _ Do 3d mtg.-102»i —
Oak Tr Co Ca.U5%U3*S Stkn G & E ««100 —
Oak W Co 5a. 100 100H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 W Spring Valley. 92*5 M
Maxln County. S3'«, — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P...— "4 Pac Lt Co — 44
Eqult Gas 3Y m — Sac E G & R. — 3?
Mut Elec Lt.. — . iK S F G & E.... 454 <«
O G L & H... 60 50% San Francisco. 4'4 —
Pac Ga« Imp. — 44 Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund 235 ~~ I
Anglo-Cal .... 70 77% Lon P & A....1M —
Bank of Cal... — 411 Mer Ex (Uq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..lO5'.ilC6'-; S F National. — Vi
1st N of S F.. — 312H
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1SC0 1900* Sav & Loan. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. — —
S F Bav U.. 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callrornla-st... — 110 O S L & H 40 —
Geary-at «7Vi — 'Presidio — 33
Market-st 63 l /i — I
- . POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 81 83 iVlgorlt 2H 3H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7*i iYy Alaska Pack.. 120 —
Haw Com 67'i t) Cal Fruit Can. — —
Honokaa 31% 32*4 Cal Wine Asn.100 —
Hutch S P 22»i — Mer Ex Assn.lC5 —
KHauea 21S — lOceanlc S3 Co 54 5«
Makaweli .... 41 414 Pac A F A.... 3 -
Onomea 2S*i MlalPac C Bor Co.loO lil'i
Paauhau 32 — i Par Paint Co.. 18 —
Morning Session.
20 Cal Safe Deposit 1"8 P0
$"0C0 Contra Costa Water bonds 1C3 CO
100 Equitable Gas 3 12'i
10O Equitable Gas 3 ..->
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar to 00
5 Konokaa. Sugar Co 32 CO
60 Hutchinson S P Co 21 S.'j
E0 Hutchinson S P Co - 0<>
50 Hutchinson S P Co 22 2j
200 Hutchinson S P Co .- 22 art
ICO Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 2.1
23 Makawell Sugar Co 41 T>
flCCO Market St Ry 1st Con 5s 122 00
5 Oakland Gas, cash 50 CO
5 Oceanic S S Co •>» *»
5 Oceanic S S Co.. 53 23
5 Oceanic S S Co. cash • 53 ...
25 Oceanic S S Co 53 M
150 Paauhau S P Co 22 W
71 Pacific Coast Borax 150 f'O
240 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 73
Street—
90 Bank of California 410 CO
Afternoon Session.
10 California Fruit Canners M C<>
10O Cal Wine Association 10O Crt
{4000 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 5s 1C4 75
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 CO
10 Hutchinson S P Co 2"- 50
20 Hutchinson S P Co 22 37'i
275 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 2» 37"-,
40 Makawell Sugar Co 41 25
40 Oakland Gas 50 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 55 CO
i $3000 Oceanic S S bonds 104 73
43 S F Gas &. Electric Co 45 75
Street—
23 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 63 73
5 Oceanic S C o 55 CO
I20C0 Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 23
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morals'? Session,
Board—
50 Aztec 2M
1300 California Standard 49
700 California Standard 4S
200 Four '55
130 Home Oil 3 90
2330 Independence 19
SCO Junction «4
23 Kern 7 S7'i
500 Lion 20
100 Monarch of Arizona BH
ICO Monte Cristo, s 10 2 40
ICO Occidental of W Va H ;
2200 Petroleum Center 13
100 Reed Crude 5S
MO Reed Crude 57
210 San Joaquin Oil Sc Dev 9 75
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, s 90 9 80
100 Sterling 2 07»i
200 Sterling 2 10
1W> Twenty-Eight 14*
600 West Shore 3 W)
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2C0O California Standard 4*
2ft0 Four S3
500 Independence 17
20O Kern 7 73
100 Lion 2t
600 Lion 20
63 Petroleum Center a 13
27CO Petroleum Center \\
1000 Reed Crude M
300 Sterling „ 2 10
200 West Shore 3 10
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—'
2W» 'Four Oil Co gi;
10 Hanford -9.1 <V»
10 Hanford. b 60 S3 W
1000 Independence ! is
4C0 Junction «4
£0 Kern Oil * 0O
50 Kern OH 7 R7^4
2000 Lion, b 30 n
400 Lion 21
£00 Monarch of Arizona 55
1CC0 Petroleum Center 13
5C0 Reeil Crude 5»
ICO Reed Crud* 57
100 San Joaquin O & D Co 9 75
300 Sterling , 2 03
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Four Oil Co .....: 55
10O Hanford. Fresno, Kern River 10
lOftO Junction .. «4
50 Kern Oil 7 T>
1000 Petroleum Center 13
50 San Joaqutn O ft D Co 9 25
100 Sterling 2 13
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
BOO Andes W 400 Crown Point... 11
ECO Best & Belcher 22 100 Mexican 33
100 Caledonia 7« 600 Ophlr 73
BCO Con Cal & Va..l 90 200.Overman 15
60 Confldencs 75 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 13
The following were the sales in th« Pad2a
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session. .- V. / ¦
MO Best & Belcher 25" MO Mexican JS
200 Best & Belcher 2« ICO Ophir a.. 77
1C0 Challenge 13 100 Overman 18
600 Challenge IS 2C0 Potosl 13
500 Con Cal & Va..2 te> 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
10O Confidence 75 100 Union Con 20
Morning Session.
E0O- Alpha Con C5[ 300 Con Cal ft Va..2 00
300 Belcher €3 300 Mexican S4
SCO Beat & Belcher 22 200 Mexican 23
300 Chollar 16 *T0 Ophlr 71
200 Cen Cal & Va..l 83 2C0 Savage 12
800 Con Cal & Va..l 90 200 Sierra Nevada. »3
200 Con Cal & V.I 874 250 Sliver Hill 44
£00 Con Cal & V.I 924
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 23 200 Con Cal & Va..a 11
*C0 Best & Belcher 26 300 Mexican S-J
200 Best & Belcher 27 100 Mexican 13
E00 Bullion 01 700 Ophlr 77
300 Chollar IB 200 Overman M
200 Con Cal & Va..2 05 1000 Potosl 15
10" Con Cal & Va..2 00 500 Savage 14
300 Con Cal & Va.. 2 13 3C0 Sierra Nevada. K
200 Con Cal & V.2 124
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
TUESDAY. March 28-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justlc« C3 C3
Alta C« 07 Kentuck — _ C2
'Andes ...: C6 07 Lady Wash 01 03
Belcher 08 10 Mexican 35 38
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental C3 M
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 74 77
Caledonia 7$ 73 Overman 13 w
Challenge Con.- 17 HlPotosl 15 17
Chollar ... ..-18 17 Savage 13 n
Confidence 74 78 Scorpion — c»
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher.... 01 (Tj
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 35 »7
Con New York. — til Silver Hill . 4i 4i.
Crown Point... 10 12 St Louis 05 -V /,
Eureka Con 0« —Standard 4 00 4 4 J
Exchequer Cl C2 Syndicate — C(T
Gould & Curry 18 18 Union Con *> n
Hale & Norc... 13 13 Utah ©4 f«
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket., tt 21
¦ On the Produce : Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet; creameries. 13® 21c: dairies;
ll@18c. Cheese* fairly active. 10>4@U%c. EggK,
quiet; fresh, 12%c. '
Foreign Futures.
¦^ 1 LIVERPOOL.
- Wheat— May. July.
Opening.- 6 % 6 4
Closing... 6' % 6 4
„_ - PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening. i 8 6o 19 40:
C1 £ 8ln & • a ........-..\.... 18 60 19 40
- Flour— w ... , 1 ¦ ¦ ' • ¦• '. -
Opening 23 60 24 65
Casing 23 55 24 65
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March 26.— Special cable ani
telegraphic communication to Bradstreet's
showa^the following changes in available sup
plies from the last account:
_WHEAT- United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. 1,177,000 bushels: afloat
for and In Europe, Increase, 1.200,000 busheli.
Total supply Increase, 23.C00 bushels. •
CORN— United States and • Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increased, $506.C0O. . . -
OATS— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 181,000.
The combined stocks of wheat at Portland,
Or., and Seattle and Tacoma, Wash., decreased
262.000 bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, March" 28.— There Is an improved
tcne in the wool market this week and all tho
Indications point toward a stronger situation.
The decline In values noted during \ the past
few weeks has been considered and now that
most of the weak lots have been picked un
dealers are more confident, : although present
conditions do not indicate an upward turn
would begin right away. Territory wools con
tinue to head the list of transactions. / Fine
medium and fine scoured staples call for 42@
43c. Fleece wools', are In moderate supply and
while the demand is moderate, values. are kept
on a steadv basis. New arrivals In Australian
wools are held firm with prices based on the
cost to import.-'.' • . ,~
Australian . scoured basis— Spot^ prices comb-
Ing, superfine, nominal, 6S@70c; good, 64@65c;
average, 60@63c. : . .
Territory— Scoured basis, Montana fine med
ium and fine, 14@15c; scoured. 42043c: staple.
45@46c. Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine med
ium and fine, 12@14c; ssoured, 40@42c; staple,
42® 46c. - ' .. ' .v
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 26.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 11,078
bales. The offerings were of a good quality
and purchasing was general. America bougnt
good greasles at top prices, paying from 9d to
Is 4%d. Scoureds were bought freely by France
and Germany. Crossbreds were in good de
mand at steady prices. Cape of Good Hope and
Natal were taken by the home trade and by
the Continent.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 26.-CATTLE-Recelpts.
25C0. Including ,100 Texa.ns: generally steady;
Texans, 10c higher ?han last week: good to
prime steers, %o(gC; pour to medium, $3 7o@4 90;
stockers and feeders active, 10c higher, $3@4 75;
cows, $2 70@4 40; heifers, $2 75@4 CO;' canners,
$2@2 65; bulls, $2 75®4 S3; caK-es, 23c lower than
last week, $4 25@5 75; Texas fed steers, *4@5;
highest sales to-day. $4 SO; Texas grass steers,
$3 40® 4; Texas bulls, $2 50@3 73.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow,
24.000; left over. 4000; active, 10c higher": top.
J6 20; mixed and butchers, $5 50fr6 124; good to
choice heavy. J6 05©6 10; rough heavy, $5 S0Q6;
light. $5 80@o 074: bulk. $6Q6 074.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,«!0; sheep, steady to
strong; lambs, strong; yood to choice wethers,
$4 S0@5: fair to choice mixed, $4 30-5} 4 85; West
ern sheep, $4 S0@5; yeaillngs. *i S0@5 10: native
lambs, $4 S0@5 SO; Western . lambs. $5 10@5t.iO.
New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 26.— Aside from the con
tinued firmness in tin, the local metal market
was devoid of special feature of Interest with
speculation in the former metal on a small
scale. The close was firm at $26 50.
Copper— Locally continued -dull and nominally
unchanged, while in London a shade better
market was reported, closing firm at £63' 5s
for spot and £69 Us for futures. Lead was dull
and unchanged both here and abroad. Spelter
though continuing weakness of undertone, ruled
very slow at $3 85@3 90. • Piglron warrants, $9 00
@10 50; Northern foundry, $15 50®15 60. "-
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 26.— The cotton market
closed very quiet at a net 'advance of seven
points. ; ¦_"¦' '¦'/¦
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March 26.— Clearings, $310,746;
balances, J.S2.39S.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 26.— "WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 67c. *
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 26.— WHEAT- Quiet and
steady; Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 564c
Foreign Markets.
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, March 26 —Consols. 95U: silver.
27%d; French rentes. lOlf 374c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 29s : 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss 6d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 26.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 btandard California, 6e 3'i'liJCs 4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
fine, but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d. . ¦
. CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s
3V4d; No. '2 Western -winter, 6s >jd; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 3*iJ. Futures, dull; May,
6s Hd: July, Ss >.Sd.
CORN — Spot, firm: American mixed, new,' 3s
ltd; do, old, 4s Hd. Futures, quiet: May, 3s
lOVid; July, 3s 104d; September, 3s 10';<l.
MINING STOCKS.
U S 3s coup 11114 Northern Pae Ss.. 71'4
U S new 4s reg..l3«i N Y C & 8t L 4s. 103
H £ n , ew * a «»»p.l3$V; N & W con 4s...lO3i;
U 8 old 4s reg....H3 Oregon Nav lsts..H0
U b old 4s coup.. 1144 Oregon Nav 4s.... 104
U S 5s jeg........H14 Oregon S L 6s..V.128
K S , B » C , OU P "1* Oregon S L, con 5s.ll64
?. Z*. Co1 3 -«5s- — 1234 Reading Gen 4s... 94V4
Atchlson gen 4s.. .104% R G W lsts.......l01%
Atchlson adj 4s... 944 S L & I M con 5s. 119
Canada So 2nds..lO84 S L & S F G 6S..1314
Ches & Ohio 44s.lO74 St Paul con.. 1844
Ches & Ohio Cs...l21»i BtPC& P lsts..H8
C & NW con 7s.. 141;* St P.C & P 5S....120H
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 124 Southern Pac 4s.. 924
Chicago Term 4s.. J>7 S Railway 5s.... .116%
Colorado So 4s.... SS Stand R & T 6s... 57
D & R/G 4s 102 Tex & Pac Ists...l20
Erie General 4s... 884 Tex & Pac 2nds- 96
Ft W & D C 1st. 107 Union Pac 4s.. ....1064
General Eleo 5s...l7« Wabash lsts 1194
Iowa Cen Ists 117% Wabash 2nds......llO
L & N unl 4I....1024 West Shore 4s... ..1154
M K & T 2nds.... 80% Wis Cen lsts 90U
M K & T 4s 984 Vir Centuries... 1 ... 98
Adams Con 23 Little Chief......... 14
Alice 34 Ontario 9 53
Breece : 120 Ophlr 63
Brunswick Con 23 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 45 Potosl ..".....; 12
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage .*..... 08
Deadwood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada 30
Horn Silver lio Small Hopes 63
Iron Silver 58 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3%
Call loans. .......2«4f3^ West End .;.. 95
Time loans 3U@4 West'gh'sa Elec... 62^4
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch, T & St Fe.. 60>4 Atchlson 4s.. .....102
Do prefd 93H N E Gas & C Ss.. 68
Am Sugar 141 Mining shares—
Do prefd 12U4 Adventure 14%
Am Telephone 169 H Blngham M Co.... 24H
Boston & Albany. 235 Amal Copper 100%
Boston Elevated.. .174* Atlantic 334
Boston & Maine.. 1944 Boston & Mont.... 355
Chi, Bur & Q 167'.; Butte & Boston... 99
Dominion Coal 37% Calumet & Hecla..658 •
Do prefd ,..110' Centennial 27
Federal Steel 47?i Franklin 21
Do prefd lOOVi Humboldt 23
Fltchburg'prefd... 144^4 Osceola 854
General Electric... 215 Parrot 51
Do prefd 200 Quincy ...173
Ed Elec 111.. 260 Santa Fe Copper.. 1%
N E Gas & Coke. 12 Tamarack 335
Old Colony 207 Utah Mining 34
Old Dominion .... 34«4|Wlnona 5tf
Rubber 19^ Wolverines 51V4
Union Pacific 91%
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
• Business on the Stock Exchange here was mod
erately active to-day though the settlement at
tracted moderate attention. It appeared that
the carrying over account was small in every
thing except Americans, where the bull posi
tion was shown to be decidedly larger than
was expected. The market opened firm, re
lapsed into Inactivity oa the over-night break
in New York. Realizations were begun in the
¦whole list excepting only Southern Pacific and
in the afternoon priced were weaker still on
New York sales. The close was near the bot
tom. Money is tight. The call and time
money rate was 3%; bills were 3 13-16.
CLOSING. ;
Atchlson. 61?*: Canadian Pacific, 96*4: Union
Pacific preferred, 87; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 80%; Grand Trunk, 8>4; Anaconda, 9VJ.
Bar sliver, unchanged at 27%d. Money, ,4©4tt
per cent. .
Afoc/ York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March' 26.— Money on call,
steady at 2V4@2»i per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 3V»®4Vi per cent. Sterling exchange
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 S-H. for demand and at $4 84% for sixty dayt>.
Posted rates, $4 S5>?@4 89. Commercial bills.
$4 biffi S4U. Silver certificates. 62@63c. Bar
sliver, GO'tC Mexican dollars, 49c.
Bonds— Government, firmer; State, Irregular;
railroad, Irregular.
Condition of ' the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March state
ment Of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, . shows: Avail
able cash balance, $152,347,057; gold, $95,988,254.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ................. 40,000 33.000
Wheat, bushels ......: .V.1S8.000 72.000
Corn, bushels ...266.000 154.000
Oats, bushels ..;....- ..-..:. 290,000- 40,000
Rye. bushels .....: 13.000 • 3,000
Barley, bushels 40,000 3,000
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornia Family ' Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers*. Extras, $3 15®3 25;
Oregon. $2 7502 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washlngton,«bakers', $2 75
©3. ¦¦->¦¦- ¦--'¦-¦ - — • ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye' Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, : $7: Corn Meal. $2 73:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat ¦ Groats, . $4 50: Hom
iny, i $3 50©3 75; Buckwheat Flour. , $404 25;
Cracked' Wheat. < $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10®" 60: in sacks. $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley,
$5; Split Peas, |5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fcedstu ffs.
¦ Bran is "_ln moderate supply and firm at the
noted advance.' Arrivals of Hay are ample for
all needs, : and • the market continues Inactive,
i BRAN-$15 30@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50(819 50 per ton.
; FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled •, Barley. $16 50@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26: Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18: Corn Meal, $250
25 50; Cracked Corn, 1 $25 :0®26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. ? .: " .
. HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat. $9@U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8<g9 50; Barley, $7 60®9 50 per *ton.
I STRAW— 35@47>ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Government demands for white Beans
have, not yet produced ,- any .< improvement in
prices. I Colored descriptions, ' and especially
Pink, are in • liberal . eupply and weak, with
concessions ¦ necessary to effect \ sales. Limaa
continue lirm. . ¦. "
BEANS— Bayos. $2 E0®2 63; Small White. $4 65
64 90; Large White. $4@4 25; Pink. $1 85®2 10;
Red. J3@3 25: Blackeye. *3@3 25: Limas. $5 75©
5 90; Pea, ¦ nominal;. Red- Kidney, $3 75® 4 per
ctL ' -¦- ¦ - ¦¦¦•¦¦ ...
"SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50® 3; Canary, 3^®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@«%c for Califor
nia and 9®<ftic for Utah; Rape, 232V£c; Hemp,
3&c; Timothy, 6>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2®2 60; Green, $2 70®
8 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers are quoting a weak market for both
Potatoes and Onions, 'with no especial feature
to the market. .
Were it not for the canning and Eastern" de
mand for Asparagus, the market for this vege
table would probably be much lower, owing
to the continued heavy receipts. These are
not expected to last very long, however, as
they are already falling off from Bouldin
Island, owing to the canning consumption there.
Rhubarb and Peas keep up, and the latter
are somewhat higher. , The other vegetables
show no changes wortHy of note.
Receipts ' were 1 Wl boxes Asparagus, 810
boxes Rhubarb. 225 sacks Bay Peas and 66
sacks New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose. S5c®$l; Burbanks,
25@i0c for River and 60@90c for Oregon: Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. 80@S0c: Sweets, 60®
7oc for Merced; New Potatoes, l^@2%c per lb.
ONIONS— $2@2 75 . per ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$1 50 per sack; Australians, $3 50® 4; Green
Onions. 25<S'40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 6oc@$l 60 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for fancy, $1 25$i' 1 50 per
box for No. 1 and DOc@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas. 3@3Uc for Bay; String Beans, 5@8c:
Cabbage. 60c ; Tomatoes, Loa Angeles, 75c@$l 25
per crate; from Mexico; $1 2SR1 50 per crate;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 12U«ti;c per U»: Green
Peppers, Los Angeles. 8©10c per lb for Chile
and 12%@l»c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc;
Dry Okra, 23c per lb; Carrots, 25@33c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 50 per dozen: Sum
mer Squash. $1 25 per box; Garlic. ?i£@3c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $2O@C0 per ton; Mush
rooms. 12'/i@15c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
', The Poultry market continues in fine shape
for sellers, receipts being small and the de
mand good. Ducks are higher than for years,
and Hens and young stock are also high. Tur
keys fail to improve like the other kinds, and
In fact are rattier slow than otherwise.
, A car of 'Eastern Poultry arrived.-. •
Game continues dull and nominal, with slen
der receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l To; Goslings, $2 C01J3: Ducks, $3 50@6 50
for old and $£@10 for young; Hens. $5@6 50;
young Roosters. $7ff«9; old Roosters, %\ 50@5 50:
Fryers, SGft": Broilers. S-QS for large and
$3@4 SO for small ; Pigeons, $2 per dozen for old
and $2 ?i£j2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese.- ?3; White Geese. $1@
1 25; Brant, $1 5001 75 for small and $2 for
large; Honkers. $3&4 50; English Snipe. $3 50:
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare. $161 25; Rabbits, fl 25
«H 50 for Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
¦ Butter, Cheese and Eggs. .
•"Another decline in Butter is noted. North
ern orders are falling off and stocks are ac
cumulating.' Receipts are large, and the floors
of the stores are getting cramped for Butter
room.
Cheese Is still quoted firm, but dealers re
port a falling off in the shipping demand.
Stocks of Eggs continue light and the Dairy
Exchange quotes a steady market. The bulk
of the demand, however. Is for cold storage
account, and when that ceases dealers look
for a weaker market.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: S0.100 pounds of Butter. 1693 cases Eggs,
11,663 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— • "-¦
Creamery — Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, ;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle. per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice.
8c; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9 !-jc;
Eastern, full creem, lSQ'ieVjc per lb.
EGGS— is.
California Ranch — Selected White, 13V4c;
mixed colors, 12V£c per dozen.
California Gathered-Selected, 12^c; stand
ard. 12c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ;' standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard,
;. Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
onds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries are declining under increasing
receipts.. . '.- ; >v.
The Orange market continues overstocked
and weak, and for this reason offerings at the
auction are to be reduced somewhat. Only
six ' or. eight cars are announced for to-day's
sale.l which is about half of the quantity lately
offered. ¦ . < . .
The Lime market is still cleaned up and
quotations are largely nominal. Lemons are
etlll plentiful and weak. \ -
..Offerings of najianas are moderate and the
market rules firm. . Apples are steadily grow
ing scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- '. .v
STRAWBERRIES— 75c«f $1 per drawer for
Longworths and 30@50c for Mollndos.
¦APPLES — 50t£75c per box for common and $1
©1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 60cfl$l 75;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 50c<3$l 25; Japan
e.se Mandarins, $1«T1 50: Lemons, r,Oc<S$l for
common and jl 25(@2 for . good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 50c©$2: Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, $1 25<g.2 SO
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
I Quotations for all | descriptions remain with
out change. Outside of the demand for Prunes
there is nothing here, but there U some call
for . Peaches and Apricots in a. small way In
New York Raisins, Honey and Nuts are
dull 'everywhere.
FRUITS— Apricots,' 5@7c for Royals and 8^j@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 3^@oc;
sun-dried, V,i@:2%c: Peaches, 3@3^c for stand
ard, . 4@4Hc for choice 'and 5«/6e for fancy;
Pears, 2<gi7c: Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpltted, 1<@
lHc; Nectarines. 5®5V4c for red and 5J4@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c: S0-40s, 7c;
40-50s, 6Uc; 60-60s. 4Hc; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-80s. 3Uc;
80-OOs, 2%c: 90-lOOs. 2Uc; 100-120S, l^ic; rubles.
He premium: Sonomas. %c and San Joaqulns
> 4 c less than Santa Claras except 100 and' over,
which stand : the same. : ,-.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, -12c per lb; - choice, lie;
standard. 10c ; prime. " 9c : unbleached Thomp
sons. 8c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10',ic per lb;
choice, . 9«4c; . standard, 8^c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown. 7o: 3-crown, 6"4c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; - 3-crown. • 514c,
and 4-crown. 5',4c: seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, f 16-ounce, 7c;- 12-ounce, 5\ic; choice, 16
ounce, -6%c: 12-ounce, 5Vic; London - Layers
2-crown, $1 50 per box; . 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3.- AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. •_.• . - .
-' NUTS— Chestnuts. SifflOc per lb for Italian-
Walnuts. -- No. ¦ 1 softshell, . 10c; No. 2, 71jc; No
1, hardshell. -9^4c; No/ 2, 7c; .Almonds, I2@13c
for paper-shell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts
G.?$6c for: Eastern: -Brazil Xuts, 13c:-' Filberts'
12c: -Pecans. "ll«?13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5 '
HONEY— Comb, - 13>4®14c for bright and 13U
@ 13c , for light amber; water white extracted
74c; light amber extracted, : 6Vj®7c; dark, 6@
6&c per lb. : • .
BEESWAX— 24026c per . lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene has teen marked up.
.•Hams. Bacon and Lard are still firm. -with
moderate - supplies. .The -Western markets are
coming through - very ' stiff, \wlth ' light - stocks
and i rising prices. - Chicago reports a particu
larly strong market. . - . -,-¦,"
CURED MEATS-Bacon, ll%c p er i D for
heavy. 12@12'.^c for light medium, 13c- for
feeding barley,' 40@43c : fair - to " choice malting,
47@58Hc ; No. 1 flax seed. • $1 55 ; . No. 1 - North
western, $1 66; prime timothy seed, $4 10; mess
pork, per. bbl,Y|i5 S5@15 60; lard, per 100 lbs,
18 10@8 15; short-rib - sides (loose). $7 95@8 15:
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@6%c; short
clear sides (boxed); • $8 25@8 37%: whisky, - basis
of-hlgh wines, |1 27; sugar, unchanged; clover,
contract grade. $10 75glO 85. J:
light.' 13tf c* for •' extra light and 15©15%c for
sugar-cured: "Eastern sugar-cured .Hams,
12H@12c;. Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12 50; Family, $13 50; prime mess Pork.
$15@15 50; extra clear, $22; Mess. $18; Smoked
Beef, 13c per lb. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
10% c: 10-lb tins, 10?ic: B-lb tins, 10T6c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8V«c: one tierce, 8V»c; two tierces.
8c; 'five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, fallow] Wool and Hops.
"Wool continues flat and neglected. Buyers
will not even look at offerings, to say nothing
about buying. A, few new spring clips are be
ing received, but .prices have not yet been es
tablished. Prices' for several descriptions are
• lower. There-is some buying in the East, but
it Is purely speculative. » ¦
Hides are reported in a very unsatisfactory
condition. -Dry Hides are moving oft well, but
salted stock is accumulating. Poor Hides of
any description are not wanted. Quotations are
generally weak. Sheepskins are utterly neg
lected and piling up In the stores.
Hops are the firmest thing under this head.
Stocks are now about cleaned out of first hands,
and holders are asking strong prices from sec
ond hands: Buyers are already in the Held for
the 1901 crop, and are said to be bidding 13@14c
up in Oregon, and willing to make contracts at
these figures, but growers are stiff and holding
off
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about l»4o under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9^c: medium. 8&c: light. 8c. • Cow
Hides, 8V4c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 8c: Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15^c; Culls. 13c; Dry Kip. loc;
Dry Calf. 16c; Culls and Brands, 12S13c: Sheep
skins, shearlings. 15®25c each; short Wool. 30®
40c each; medium. 50@65c; long Wool, 7ac©«
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 60 for large and $20
2 25 for -medium. $1Q1 25 for small and 50c for
Co*ta; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 £>
fo*l medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fail or medium
skins, JOc: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins.
Prime Angoras,. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#c per lb; No. I.
3%@4c; grease. 2®2%c. > „ ;
WOOL— Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free. 12®13c; de
fective, 9®llc; Middle County, free, 10@llc: do,
defective. 8@10c: Southern. 12 months. 8©9c;
Southern, free. 7 months, 7®10c: do, defective.
7 months, 7@Sc: Oregon Valley, fbie, 15@16c: do,
medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oreeon. Eastern,
choice. 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9®llc; Nevada.
10@12c. Fall— Humboldt and Mendocino. 11®
12c; Middle County/ and Northern, 8®9c; San
Joaquln, fQ'c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
A " week or ten days aco the local packers
were expecting a weaker market for Hogs about
this time, but they were mistaken. Now they
are expecting a further advance before the week
is out. The rise at Chicago has been so sharp
that it has stopped shipments from Western
and Southern points to this market, and local
supplies are insufficient to supply our wants.
It appears that Hogs are scarce all over the
United States.
Beef and Veal are reported steady, but Mut
ton and Lamb are easy and inclined to tend
downward. Prices for all descriptions remain
unchanged, however.
BEEF— 7®8c for Steers and 6®7V£c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 869c; Ewes, 7HSS!Jc per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 10@llc per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under. 6?4@
6%c: 130 to 225 lbs. 6'ic; 223 and over, 6@6Uc;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, S ] /4@9^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quenttn Bags, $5 65; -Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot. 6?&67c;
local make, "jc less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
S0@34c; Fleece Twine. 7\~@%c.
• CANNED FRUITS— Extras In 2%-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $135;
Peaches, &c@$l 75; Pears, $1.85; Plums, $135®
1.40; Quinces. ?1 65; Strawberries. $1 73.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Soutbneld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay.
$3 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $3:
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton : Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per
2000 poundb and ?S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE — The lecal cordage company quotes
as follows: Pure Manila. n'«e per lb; Sisal size.
1014c; Bale Rope, 9'ic; Duplex. 9',-ic. Terms, 60
days, or l>i per cent cash discount. Lots of
10.0CO !b», lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4',ic;
cases, regular, 5'ic; do. extra large, 5%c; do.
Eastern style, 6»4c; Boneless, 6V»c; Norway,
6Vic: Narrow Gauge. 7c; Silver Kins, 7**c;
blocks. Oriental, 6c; do, Seabright. 7c; tablets,
7'^c; middles. Golden State, 7c; .do, White Seal,
8%c; 5-!b boxes, fancy. Boneless. 9c: 2-lb do,
7c; Desiccated, r>er dozen. 7Zc; Pickled Cod,
barrel*, each, $7 73; do, half -barrels. St 75.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 13(W 14c nominal for
prime washed; HQWVic nominal for good
washed; 12ft Me nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll<ill%ic nominal tor good to
prime peaberry: lOV-Qlie for good to prime:
9Vi<fi'10c nominal for Kood current mixed with
black beans; StfjlQc nominal for fair; *®7?»c
nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 10ffl3^c for good to prime washed;
S*i«i9%c' for fair washed: l«?12»ic for good
to prime washed peaberry: 9QS*ic for good to
prime semi- washed; 8'/iiy8%c for superior un
washed; SUc for good creen unwashed; 10®
10%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6@"HrC for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— Uii 16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 9ViSIl£c nominal fcr fair to strictly
good washed: S&S'ie nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; lGffflO^e nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13® 16c for prime to
fancy washed; llf/U'c for strictly good washed:
10«rl0*ic for good washed; 9«?9Ti 1 c for fair
washed: SQS^ic for medium: 6<37fic for In
ferior to ordinary; llfflSc for good to prime
washed peaberrv: 10&10*ic nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: 8 s i§S*ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S5J33C per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26©30c; Sole Leather, light.
25@JSc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27<B28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
S3@39c for No. 1 and S0(S23c for No. 2; Har
mss Leather, medium, 30fi37c; Harness Leather,
light. 29@33c; Skirting. 36<®4Oc; Collar Leather,
laii ltic per foot; Kip. unfinished. 40<SiOc per lb;
Veal, finished. £0«?55<-; Calf, finished. 73c©U 20;
Sides, finished, 16(6 17c per foot; Relt Knife
Splits. 14gl6c; Rough Splits, g@10c p?r pound.
TANBARK— Ground. $26(523 per ton; Stick.
J18SJ2O per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
73c; pure. $1 SO; Linseed Ofl. in barrels, boiled.
71c; raw, 63c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 70c; cases. 73c; China
Nut. 55&65C per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 60c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure. 63c:
.Whale Oil. natural white. 37U<$42 l ic per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil.
oases. 15c; Astral. 19c; Star, ISc; Extra Star.
23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 14 'ic; cases. 20Hc; Benzine,
bulk. 13V4c; casas. 19M>c; 88-desree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 26c per gallon.
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at J16 50 per ton
in larse sacks and $17 in 50s. Liverpool is
quoted at $173 IS SO for the best and $14314 75
for lower grades.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
02c in drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, "U9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7®7*4c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $47@47 £0 per flask for local
use and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.03c; Powdered. 5.63c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c: Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.Kc; Magnolia A. 5.15c: Extra C.
K.OSc: Golden C. 4.95c: barrels. 10c mnrv half
barrele. 23c more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.50e: boxes, 6.S5c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary, sizes. S1S(S19; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. *1R@19; Lath. 4 feet. S3 90®
4; Pickets. {20: Shingles. 12 for common- and
$2 75 for fancy; Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, ?23@29. :
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,3W tons 5
Wheat, ctls to.cr Hops, bales 190
Barley, ctls 8.810 Wool, bales «3
Oats, ctls .... 2,2Sf Quicksilver, flsks 93
Beans, sks 87 Sugar, ctls 1.120
Potatoes, sks 1,239 Hides, No 6tS
Onions, sks 73 Pelts, bdls 153
Bran, ska 530 Leather, rolls .... . 60
Middlings, sks .. SCO Tallow, ctl3 .... 2C8
Hay, tons • 455 Wine, gals 21.900
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks'.... 10.R65 1 Potatoes, sks .... 2,944
Oats, ctls 620 Onions, ctls 134
EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 2,000 1
STOCK MARKET.
Business was very fa;r In the '• morning on
the Bond Exchange and there were a number
of fluctuations. ..' Gas and Electric was - weak
.at $45 75. . Hutchinson Sugar was Irregular at
$21 3<H@22 £0. "-Spring. Valley Water was lower
at $93. Oceanic continued to advance and
touched !55. . Hawaiian Commercial was also
hlKhcr at i69. - -. ¦'
Quotations stood about the same in the after
noon.
.The oil stocks were in their usual demand on
the morning sessions, but prices showed little
change.
The Southwestern Oil Company paid a. divi
dend of Vic on the 23th.
STOCK AND BOND" EXCHANGE.
• TUESDAY. March 26-2 p. m.
UNITED, STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.i .. Bid.Ask.
is coupon ....114U115 Us coup (new).i3S«138%
4s registered.. 113 114 i3s quar coup..lll$ill3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, :3V! ARCH 27, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
April . 74% 74% .74%. 74«i
May' .- 75?,. 75% 76* 75%
Corn No. J — ' x v
May >UH': «H 42 42«,
July 1 .. :......,. €S% 43% 42% 42H
Oats No. 2— I - t i
May 25H 25H 24% 25
July 24Ti 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl— * **
May" ...IS 80 15 80 15 80 *15 70
July 15 20 15 20 15 10 15 1214
Lard, per 100 lbs— . • a
May 8 02H-8 074 7 97VJ 8 87U
July-... ..8 00 805 800. 802H
September .. .... 8 02% 8 05 "8 00 8 02&
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • : ; . -. ".
May 8 00 8 02V4 7 97H 8 02tt
July .. 7 90 7 90 - 7 85 7 M*
September 7 87K 7 H% 7 87#
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. i spring wheat, 67©75c; No. 2 red
74%@76%c; No. 2 corn, 41%c; No. 2 yellow, 41?ic :
No. 2 oats, 26c; No. 2 white, 28V4@29Hc; No 3
white. 27H028>ic: No. 2 rye, 63%©64Kc; good
NEW YORK, March M.-The recurrence of
the etcry of a Northwestern railroad <JeaJ
coupling Northern Pacific and Burlington was
the occasion of an extraordinary and Impres
sive upward movement Jn the late rtock mar
ket to-day. Whatever may be the validity of
the oft-renewed claim* of a transcontinental
arrangement for the benefit of the Northern
Padflo and Great North- rn It was deaf enough
that the recovery In the general market wu
due to the precipitate covering of ehort con
tract* which were put out with rreat freedom
and boldness by prxetlrally all of the trading
element on the-exchange. The attack on . the
market by the bear element bad met with ln
vitjng cuccess and they had broken, prices
throughout practically the whole 1 market. There
wa« aoire ehow of «resrla In the early deal
ings and an apparent attempt to renew the
bull movement, but It soon t«cami« evident
that the attempt to Advance prices was • no
longer in tuch powerf a. - and capable ' hands
as has been the case during ¦ ra^ch «f the
recent bull speculation. When tkjffcars found
their attack no longer oonlertefSjaey,; fettered
prices down very boldly and maflRhroadr of
between 1 and 2 polnU tn . prWtR4Uy «T^ the
active rtock* in the list.* The • granger* and
Southwestern* proved themselves 4 especially
vulnerable in riew of the large commitments
for the long account which hare recently been
made In them. Northern, Pacific ; Itself wa»
forced down nearly * point, tout- Burlington
was held above laet night's level throughout.
ai!»eouri Pacinc, after belntr lifted to 1024. fell
8
ION'S.
! bait
124 Houi
I This I Lo*t
rs , Se&eon. ] Season.
ka
D!
3rr
F;
no
[«•:
ti
Ar
E:
a
luff.,
necto
'ranci
>
•nden
uis O
cgele
(lego.
...! 0.40
4S.S7 43.47
12.17 19.07
17.18 • 15.43
18.84 17.02
10.28 7.CS
6.80 2.81
27.M 14.84
14.10 B.&6
9.C8 3.13
ION'S.
! bait
124 Houi
I This I Lo*t
rs , Se&eon. ] Season.
ka
D!
3rr
F;
no
[«•:
ti
Ar
E:
a
luff.,
necto
'ranci
>
•nden
uis O
cgele
(lego.
...! 0.40
4S.S7 43.47
12.17 19.07
17.18 • 15.43
18.84 17.02
10.28 7.CS
6.80 2.81
27.M 14.84
14.10 B.&6
9.C8 3.13
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
4» ' •"¦ £»
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
227 Sixth street. .: '¦?
'Pin h n v '
WEDNESDAY March 27, at U A. II.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell
A LOT OF CITY HORSES.
Also Twenty Head of GOOD YOUNG HOR3E3.
All Horses guaranteed.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.'!'¦ STOCKHOLM,' Sweden', March 26:^-The
Rlgsdag. ¦ has- sanctioned guillotining : in
stead of beheading with an ax In cases of
capital punishment " -: •
• . . ¦• . •,-.-.. «. .. . . . .. . -y.
Sweden Sanctions Guillotine.
A new. Independent military organiza
tion, to Be called the British-American
Rifles, Is In course of formation, and a
large number of candidates have signed
the roster of membership. The success of
the British and American Union and the
recent hearty co-operation of British and
American citizens in holding funeral ser
vices on the^death of the late Queen Vic
toria have led to the formation of the
proposed military body. It is proposed to
have the body handsomely uniformed and
to have a. military band of twenty picked
musicians. Among those active in or
ganizing the corps are Dr. Fred. W.
D'Evelyn, Ca"ptaln A. See'.ey . and Colonel
McNamara
British- American Bifle Corps.
. The- third* concert of the twenty-fourth
season of the Loring Club was given Unfit
night at Native Sons'* Hall under -the di
rection of David W. luring. The- club
numbers were as follows: "Rhine Song,
Bchwalnr, • "Forest Reverie," Bchwalm;
"The Bird and the Maiden," Joh. Naret-
KoninK; ¦- "The Trumpeter." Templeton
Strong* "On the Beautiful Blue Danube."
Strauss: "Serenade," Storch; two "Cav
alier Songs." Granville Bantock, and "To
the Sons of Art." Mendelssohn. The club
soloists were Dr. F. Schalkhammer. Dr.
J. F. Smith and H. B. Medley and the
quartet work was undertaken by J. H.
Davles.-J: Stuart Murdoch,. H. E. Medley
and Dr. G. I* Bean. Miss Ruth Lorlng
accompanied. . _ ¦ ¦- ¦ '¦ _ -
The club was assisted by Mrs. E. F.
Schneider," a singer ne.w to San Francisco,
who has a very pleasing mezzo-soprano
voice, of excellent quality and highly cul
tivated. She gave three interesting Bongs
composed by E. F. Schneider on themes
taken from Baumbach's "Lieder ..eines
fahrenden Gesellen"; also "Le Soir," 'by
Ambrolse Thomas: . the -Brahms.- "Ver-
Rebliches Standchen": "Snowflakes,"--F.
H. Cowen; "Hark! Harh. the Lark}"
Schubert; and a Mendelssohn "Fruhlings
lled." The club is to be congratulated on
the securing of so pleasing a singer, for
its programme, and also on its own cus
tomary good work. - '
Loring Club Concert.
Favorable Reports Received From
Principals Regarding Experi
ments in th* Innovation..
According to reports from the principals
of • the Broadway, Horace Mann and
Hearst Grammar schools, where 1 experi
ments were made in comparing home and
classroom study, the Board of Education
will extend the "no home study plan" to
three or four other schools In the depart
ment. The reports all show that better
results were obtained in the classes where
home study was abolished entirely and
the pupils prepared, their lessons in th©
classroom. •
President Kincald feels encouraged to
extend the plan, and by the. end of the
year she believes. all the primary gTades
at least will be conducted without home
study, .
BOARD TO ABOLISH HOME
STUDY IN SOME SCHOOLS
A. T. Martel desires to demonstrate to
the Board of Supervisors by a working
model that he has solved the problem of
utilizing the ocean wave as a practical
motive power. He offers to transfer his
right to the city free of charge. He says
the Fystcm can be used to illummate the
city, for flre protection and Irrigation of
streets in connection with a salt water
punt^)ir.g *»stab!1shmrnt. for which the
Mavor will recommend an appropriation
cf fl<¥\000. ¦
- Ocean Waves as Motive Power.
in Sullivan alley early yesterday morning,
and three shots were fired without doing
damage.
i According to the «tory told by the Chi-
Viese the lights became suddenly extin
guished In the alley and some one in an
upper-story window of one of the build
ings threw stones down to the pavement.
One of the missiles struck a Chinese on
the foot, and the other members of his
party accused some bystanders of having
thrown It. The affair wound up In a
challenge to tight and guns were Imme
diately secured. Three shots were fired,
when Officers Bakulich and O'Rourke and
Specials Downey and DufHeld arrived on
the scene and the combatants made their
escape.
Stone Thrown From Building Causes
Two Factions to Engage in
Brief Encounter.
Two factions of highbinders had trouble
HIGHBINDER BULLETS
FLY IN SMALL ALLEY
More Befrigerator Cars.
W. E. Sharp^ superintendent of the Ar
mour Car Company of Chicago, arrived
here yesterday and is at th\' Palace. He
says his company 'Is having 700 new re
frigerator fruit cars -built. When these
axe Completed the Fruit Growers' Express
will' have 4000 cars In operation. -A foun
dry will be erected by the company in the
soru them. part of, tt?o . State and a large
force of men will be employed In the con
struction and repajring^.of the cars..:Su
perlntendent Sharp vrtll remain here sev
eral days and will then go. to Lop Angeles
to inspect the business of this big monop
oly. 1 ' ¦¦-¦;" . : . '.'-"¦ -,-_•"¦¦¦¦.•;;. ' -¦' J! •..
> Special, services In observance of Palm
Sunday will be held at the .German Evan
gelicaV : Lutheran Church, .. 1419 iT Howard
street, next Sunday morning. In addition
to the other exercises a large number of
children will ¦¦ be conn nmed. . The • rite*- of
confirmation will' be administered by tho
Bev. Paul-Branke. . . - • . -•:'•.:.»
Children to Be Confirmed.
Eugenia Taylor Loses Her Suit.
Eugenia' Taylor has lost hef suit In
Judge Hunt's court against .the Southern
Pacific. Company for damages for an ill
ness said to have been contracted through
the alleged action of the defendant cor
poration in placing her in a baggage car
instead of a passenger " coach. The evi
dence was all In by noon yesterday anti
after being out a few minutes the jury re
turned a verdict in favor of the defendant.
Suspected of Dolly Ogden Bobbery.
Woe Dye, alias "Tom,'.' s who was a ser
vant in the house of Mrs.' Dolllo Ogden,
was arrested at. an early hour yesterday
morning by: Detective; Ed Gibson on sus
picion of having- stolen her . jewels .and
money. He j^rotests .his innocence,; but
the police thinfche is the guilty man. He
is being detained in the "tanks" .pendlnjr
an Investigation. •.. . •' :.\
Must Pay the Commission.
The San Francifco Bridge Company will
have to pay a large sum to the Bowers"
California Bri''.,*;^ Company. The Supreme
Court ye^tcrd^j rendered a decision in
favor of ihe latter corporation. It appears
that the S:m rrar.cisco iJridge Company
entered into a contract agreeing to pay
the Bowers Company a monthly commis
f'.on If it s-erurf d a contract from the Gov
ernment to dredge the waters in the vicin
ity of Mare Island. The contract was se
cured, but the bridge company evaded
payment on a technicality. Several suits
were brought by the Bowers Company
and thr-y were Fuccessful. An appeal was
taken by the bridge company from the
Judgments of «he lower court, but the ap
pellate court confirmed them.
Requires Nearly $800,000 to Main
tain Department—Recorder"
' ; Wants Improvements."
The Fire Commisisoners ' filed a state
ment .with the Board of Supervisors yes
terday containing the estimated appropri
ation required for the Fire Department
for the next fiscal year. The amounts re
quired are:
•Salaries of Commissioners and secretaries,
J720O; uniform force of 475 men. $358,1303 in
crease In salaries for last fiv.e months of '1902.
308 men at $50 each, $15, 400: officers and em
ployes of Corporation , Yard, . $44,200 ; officers and
employes of department stable, $7620: Incidental
expenses, $8000; material and supplies. 1156.220.:
Krand total, - $796.770— about $103,000 .more than
the department received this fiscal year. . .
The sum of, $55,000 is included in the es
timate for hydrants, which the commis
sion states will be indispensable if the
new water mains are laid.
Tho Recorder estimates that $o2,440 will
be necessary to run his office, including
repairs, for one year. He supeests an ad
ditional improvement in the displacement
of woodwork on the ground floor by metal
book shelves, desks, etc.; to cost ?25,000. He
asks the board to provide an extra sal
aried employe or bookbinder, as there are
.1500 record, books. In need of repair. . His
stationery supplies will cost $3250 addi
tional. The Recorder also trusts that his
demand for sixteen book- typewriters, to
cost •$2800, will be allowed, and he esti
mates the receipts Of his office at $38,500.-,
FIRE COMMISSION FILES
ESTIMATE OF ITS NEEDS
! Judge Cook Will Render His Decision
on the Writ of Habeas Corpus
To-Morrow.
The habeas corpus proceedings for the
release of "Sir" Marry Westwood Cooper.
alias Dr. Ernest Moore Chadwlck. were
continued before Judge Cook yesterday
i morning. Attorney Murphy, for the de
1 fertdant. said he would submit to the
¦ Judge's ruling that there were sufficient
I facts in the complaint to constitute a
; crime and he would concede that Cooper,
• had sent the telegram to Norlne Schneider
' in the name of her mother, but he con
j tended that no forgery could be proved
< and that there was nothing to show fraud
or deceit, as meant by the section in the
Penal Code. He submitted numerous au
! thoritles to sustain his contention. The
| Judge said he would render his decision
i morrow morning. . .
i Constable Moils of Crockett appeared
i before Judge Cabaniss yesterday morning
| and asked him to make a formal • order
! for service on the Justice's warrant from
I Crockett, charging Cooper with the crime
: of obtaining goods by false pretenses from
: Joseph Broder. Jeweler. Cooper obtained
: two diamond rings from Broder and gave
• him a check in payment on the Donohoe
: Kelly Bank in this city, which was dis
j honored. The order was wanted so that
: In the event of Cooper being released on
the writ of habeas corpus he could be ar
i rested by the constable from CrocRett
COOPER'S RELEASE STILL
HANGS IN THE BALANCE
Collector of Internal Revenue J. C.
Lynch subscribed $5 to a proposed publi
cation called llif Golden West, and Super
intendent Lea- h of the mint mourns the
lops of 110 which went to help publlsh»a
"History of the Native Sons of the Golden
West." A woll-known theatrical man
aprer was induced to part with some of
his money for the publication of "a re
porters' book." while others have been
fiee'-ed on representations of a "newspa
per man's plcnk " to take place. The pub
lic ig warned that all th>se schemes are
bopus. The rwilire are looking for the
quartet of swindlers.
An organized cans of sharpers have in
the past few days succeeded In fleecing a
number of prominent business men and
officials out of various sums of. money
under the guise of being advertising so
licitors.
in Securing Funds for Several
Mythical Publications.
Eogus Advertising Solicitors Succeed
ETJSIKESS MEN «XEECE1>
BY GANG OF SEABFEBS
An official communication from the A. K. C.
conveyed notice of the adoption of the fol
lowing recommendation:
"That the Pacific advisory committee of the
American Kennel Club be accorded authority to
act as the agent of the American Kennel
Club In the following matters, and all such
acta to be subject to appeal to, or correction
by. the American Kennel Club.
» "First— To receive applications for admis
sion to the American Kennel Club.
.•'Second — To approve of show dates.
'"Third— To approve of classification, j
"Fourth— To fix the value of winners'. classes.
"Fifth— To receive and transmit all- listing
fees.
"AH communications from and to clubs or
exhibitors to-be transmitted through the "Pa
cific advisory committee."
These added powers supplement the original
authority of the Pacific advisory committee to
hear and determine all . protests and . appeals
arlBine in this lurisdictlon. : J
The effect of the action taken at New York
Is to Klve the kennel clubs of the coast abso
lute "home rule," the one all important point,
for which the clubs of the coast have striven
during many years.* It seems to the commit
tee that by this action there has . been ef
fectually removed all good reason for con
tinued opposition to American. Kennel Club
control of coast kennel affairs.
Good eovernment Is absolutely necessary to
kennel club success In the holding of shows.
We feel that this government can best be sup
plied tnrouirh the American ' Kennel Club. A
confederation of the facts above outlined, we
are satisfied, will lead your club to the same
x»nclui«)on. Bearing In mind the best Interests
of dogdom on the Pacific Coast, we urge these
facts to your attention and request that your
club take active steps to hold" Its future shows
under the auspices of the American .Kennel
Club A. union of coast clubs on these lines
means much for the future of kennel interests,
and wn feel safe in counting f on your co
operation and support. Respectfully submitted.
The Pacific Advisory Committee of the
American £^£i^$ Chalrman .
J. P. NORMAN. Secretary.
Letter Issued by the Pacific Coast
Advisory Committee of Ameri
can. Organization.
The following letter, printed in part, has
been issued by the Pacific .advisory com
mittee of the American Kennel Club and
is of much Interest to kennel clubs:
SAN FRANCISCO. 'March -19. 1901.
To the officers and ' members of the Pacific
Coast Kennel and Specialty Club — Gentlemen:
iThe Pacific advisory committee of the Ameri
can Kennel Club hereby calls the attention
of your club to a few facts. In the considera
tion of which will be found food for thought
and opportunity for profit.
It is the desire of this committee to serve
kennel interests by uniting all clubs under the
auspices of the American Kennel Club. In
the recent past this has been not only difficult,
but impossible, on account of the A. K. C.
method of governing coast clubs * and coaet
shows. The points of objection urged In this
behalf have now been so far removed that this
committee feels Justified in asking general
support of the A. K. O. on this coast and the
holding of all coast - kennel shows under A.
HOME RULE ADVOCATED
FOR THE KENNEL CLUBS
Last evening the retiring board of direc
tors met In the Mark Hopkins Institute
for the annual meeting,. President Byrne
being In the chair. ¦ The election commit
tee announced the result of the day's vot
ing and certified the names of the now
board of directors. Tho annual report of
the curator was presented and read. It
shows the art institute is in a flourishing
condition. The report showed, a total
membership of 647, a gain of twenty-five
over the previous year. ,The school of de
sign has been, well, attended In the past
year, th'eT average monthly attendance b.j
ing 178. The. Increase In the number of
students over the previous ¦ year was
thirty, being, the. largest Increase In the
history of the school.
There is a total on hand of $25,556 61.
This sum was made up as follows: Per
manent art fund, $18,578 44; Searles home
fund, $994 39. and the balance • from gen
eral i fund, • $5983 78. The -general fund
showed receipts during the year to be
$16,389 50, with a balance from the'previous
year of $5695 28. The expenditure f o_r th-3
past year was $16,101, leaving a balance on
hand of the general fund of J59S3 78. '
The incoming board of directors will
meet on the first Thursday of April and
elect a president and other, officers.
There was but one ticket in the field,
the majority of the candidates belns
members of the retiring board. The re
sult of the election was as follows: BoaM
of directors— James W. Byrne, Willis 'E.
Davis. Hugh Tevis, Clinton E. Wordei,
W. H. Crocker, L. P. Latimer, Chauncey
j-. Winslow, Irving M. Scott, Henry Hey
man, James D. Phelan and Horace G.
Platt. The new directors are Messrs.
Tevis, Crocker and "\yinslow, who take
the places of Joseph ¦ D. Grant, W. B.
Bourn and W. G. Stafford.
The San Francisco Art Association held
its annual election of directors yesterday
at the- Mark Hopkins Institute of Art on
California street. \
ART ASSOCIATION •
,.- ' ... .. , ..ELECTS DIRECTORS
Majority of the Present Board Is Se-
lected.to Serve for the Ensuing
Year.' ¦¦[ , ' "-
Queen Onnar will be laid to rest In the
Boswell plat at Mountain View Cemetery,
where lie a score of her royal relatives,
gone b'efore her. The last one to be borne
to the grave was the prince, who died re
cently. • .. . : • ,".-.(• V
To . meet the requirements of i the Jaw,
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an inquest.
Out. of deference to the desires of the
gypsy tribesmen the remains of the queen
will be permitted to rest- undisturbed in
the dingy tent that had been for many
years her only home. .Beneath that can
vas covering- will be an, elegant casket
resting on a*- richly decorated bier and
containing all that is mortal "of the"Bos
well queen. There will be held the solemn
funeral service, to- which will come all of
the gypsy bands that can reach the camp
in time. - ¦
cred rites of. the High Church of England,
to which every one of the Boswells has
maintained the closest fidelity. They
brought that faith with them many years
ago, whtn they crossed the Atlantic, and
as the messenger of death has called the
departed "eypsy has always 'received the
full services of the church. •'• • ¦ "¦"
Loughrey claims he has allowed his wife
t¥> a month and instructed Mrs. Duffy of
057 Willow avenue, to whose home Mrs.
Loughrey went, to provide for the child
and send the bills' to him. He claims his
wife f-per.ds her money for intoxicants.
During the afternoon Mrs. Loughrey
visited the Post-street store and tried to
discourage trade by saying that her hus
band permitted his two-months-old child
to starve. She had the child in her arms.
The couple separated seven months
agro. aftfr trouble that required the
assurance of the police to adjust, and
laFt night the woman was arrested on a
charge of having thrown a missile
through the window of the present resi
dence of her husband at 1119 Geary street.
She had previously sat on the steps for
nearly three hours waiting for him.
The domestic infelicity of J. D. Lough
rey. manager of a Post-street glove house,
and his young wife will again be aired in
court.
Hurls Bock Throug-h a
Window.
Displays Baby in Front of Store and
MBS. JJOTJGHHEY A(JAIN
ASSAILS HER HUSBAND
ONNAR BOSWELL, THE GYPSY
QUEEN/ WHOM DEATH HAS
CLAIMED.
The regular weekly meeting of the Po
lice Commission was held at the Hall of
Justice last night...- •
Patrolman Edward J. RUey was tried
on the charge of neglect of duty. Rlley
was accused of failure to arrest two men
who were fighting In Muller*s saloon, cor
ner of Sutter and Devisadero streets.
Numerous witnesses who were called by
the. commission testified rather in favor
of Rlley, but when Rlley himself tools
the stand his story was so disconnected
and contradictory that little doubt could
be entertained that the accused officer
was ignorant of his duties and negligent
in the discharge of them. The commis
sion unanimously voted that Officer Riley
was guilty and he was accordingly dis
missed from the service.
A 'petition for reinstatement by J. Johns,
who was dismissed from the force in. 1S94,
was denied. Six months' .leave of absence
¦was granted- to Patrolman John Kelly. A.
Fanke and W. Winkler, two Dupont-street
saloon-keepers, had their licenses revoked
on account of selling lottery tickets.
/An attempt was made to reinstate Pa
trolman Bernard Harter to the rank of
sergeant, from which he was disrated in
1S94. P. F. Dunne represented Harter,
who offered t{ie petition as a result of
the reinstatement of Lieutenant Price by
Judge Hebbard. The board was ; divided
and -suggested that- the matter- be earned
to the courts. Officers Kelly and Murphy
have similar cases to present.
CommissUmers Mahony and "Wallace fa
vored .the'petitlon and Chairman Newhall
and 'Commissioner Ho well were opposed.
About fifty applications for the reopen
ing of disreputable. saloons were denied
and an enual number, of license applica
tions' were, granted.- 'The commission
voted that, the Civil Service Commission
be requested- to furnish a list oS certified
candidates for the police force. •
Patrolman j Bipley . Dismissed—Peti
l tions of Disrated- Officers for
Reinstatement Denied.
POLICE COMMISSIONEHS ¦
HOLD WEEKLY MEETING
The receipts of the Postal Department jf the
T7n!te<3 States n^ver can be made to fxjuril the
expenditures. We have the cheapest service
In the world. The deficit, which amounted to
clout $10,000,000 this year, will steadily be
come greater, as the Government ha* now en
tt-red Into a plan of making substantially a
r-creonal delivery to every man In the country.
We have adopted a rural delivery, which In
the next elx years will be ?o developed that
every man living within returnable distance
of the distributing center will have his mall
delivered to him at his residence. This sys
tem when completed will cost $20,000,000. so
tl-at we may never hope to make it self
suFt&lniriff.
When I entered Congress I was an advocate
of the postal telegraph, the parcel delivery
Fvstem and tho postal savings bank, but I
am now or the opinion that these affairs
sl-ould be left to private enterprise. A gov
ernment cannot accomplish work as cheaply
as an individual. The postal telegraph ser
vice in England last year Involved over re
ceipts an expense of $3,000,000. As to the par
eel delivery there is no more reason why the
Government Ehould transport . ten pounds of
matter than why it ihould transport 1.300,000
pounds. K>ep the Government out of business.
I hope that the time shall never come when
railroads may he owned . by the people.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud addressed
a special meeting of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club last night at the Rich
mend Hall on the changes In the postal
service which are needed In the Richmond
district and on the postal service in gen
eral. The meeting, which was one of the
largest held In the history of the club, was
called to order by A. K. Cushlng. Con
gressman Loud said In part:
LOUD ENTERTAINS .
POINT LOBOS CLUB
Congressman Speaks to Constituents
in Richmond District on the
Postal System.
I Death of James B. Roberts.
OAKLAND, March 26.— James R. Rob
erts, who was well known in mining.cir
cles in this State, died at his home.* 374
Fairmont street. In this city last night.
\le was. 57 years of age. had resided In
Oakland nine years and was a prominent
member of the Sons of St. George.
Hon. George A. Willard, ex-Congressman
from the Third District, died to-day, aged
77 years, from a stroke of apoplexy. He
was elected t<f Consrress In 1S72 and served
four years. Mr. WiUard also served six
years aa member of the State Board of
Education and ten years as Regent of the
State University. . While regent he drew
and had adopted a rule providing for the
education of women at the university. Mr.
Willard was editor of the Battle Creeic
Journal up to the time of his death.
George A. "Willard.
BATTLE CREEK. Mich.. March 2R-
Archibald "P. Marble.
EUREKA, March 26.— Archibald P.
Marble, a pioneer, of Humboldt County
and a veteran of its Indian wars, died last
night of neuralgia of the heart. Marble
came to this coast with the Fourth United
States Infantry as a member of Company
F, of which Ulysses S. Grant was the first
lieutenant. The command came to Eu
reka in January. 1S53. and began the erec
tion, of Fort Humboldt. on the outskirts of
this city. The ruins of the guardhouse
still remain: Private Marble remained
at Fort Humboldt until about the time
Captain Grant left for his home In Ga
lena. 111. ¦ When his time expired, at the
outbreak of the Civil "War. he enlisted la
Company K, Second California Volun
teers, and served until the end of the war,
belnfc mustered out In March. 1S66. Later
he obtained an appointment In the light
house service, in which he served twenty
six years.
TUCSON. Ariz.. March 26.-"Bob" Paul.
ex-Sheriff of Pima County, died to-day at
the age of 72. •
Robert H. Paul becr.me famous during
the early days in California,, when aa
Deputy Sheriff of Calaveras County. Cali
fornia, he broke up a band of desperadoes
headed by Tom Bell. Later, as "shotgun"*
messenger for Wells, 'Fargo & Co.. aa
Sheriff and finally as United Stales Mar
shal, Paul had many ihrillirjg experlencsa
and his record nr darinar made him fearjd
by the lawless class. He capture;! in Cht
ricahua Mountains a band of desperado-*-*
who held up tho Southern Pacific train at
Steins Pass, and made a number of other
captures of like importance.
Noted Frontier Peace Officer Crosses
the Great Divide. '.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ROBERT H. PAUL.
LONDON. March 26.— The Gazette to
day announces the appointments of the
Rt. Hon. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Premier of
Canada, and Sir William Whlteway. for
mer Premier of New Foundland, to be
Privy Councilors.
Privy Councilors Appointed.
LONDON, March 27.— A fashionably
dressed man committed suicide In a han
som-cab In Regents Park. London, last
evening. The visiting cards found on his
person give the name "Howard Douglass
Campbell." and there were letters in his
pocket addressed to him by the Duke uf
Argyll.
\ ¦ o»
MYSTERY OF HANSOM CAB
OCCUBS IN BEAL LIFE
Fashionably Dressed Unknown Com-
mits Suicide in a Vehicle of
That Character.
OAKLAND, March 26.— Onnar Bos
well, tha queen of .the gypsies. Is
dead. The aged ruler of . the
Romany tribe succumbed at her
camp,. Thirty-ninth and Adeline
streets, to-day from the effects of injuries
she suffered last Saturday in a collision
of carts on Broadway, near Fourteenth
street. She had been driving in her vehicle
with a granddaughter. _ A buggy driven
by a boy suddenly turned the street cor- ;
ner and struck the gypsy equipage, up- ;
setting It and throwing the venerable
queen and her companion into the street.
As soon as the aged woman had been
removed to her tent It" was found , by the
physician who' was : summoned that she
had suffered several broken ribs and In
ternal injuries. The injured queen, who
was nearly SO years of age. rallied re
markably at the outset, but her. years
were against recovery and death ensued
to-day.
The younger woman escaped from the
accident with a few minor bruises and
cuts.
A strange fatality hangs over the Gypsy
Boswells. A short time ago the tribes
men were called to the bier of Prince
Walter, a son of the dead queen, who
came home from a wandering. trip to die
from pneumonia. He was a proud scion
of the Boswell tribe and the light. of his
mother's eyes.
The queen was. despite the wild and
romantic character of her life, a woman",
of much force of character, and she did
not hesitate to assert at all times her de
mand for allegiance from her gypsy sub
jects.
The Beswells and their followers came
many years ago from England. Their de
scendant? are scattered over a score "of
States. In the West, and especially on
the Pacific Coast, they have been numer
ically strong and wealthy. ¦
The gypsy queen's husband. Josiah "Bos
well, survives, but he is older than his
consort and will not long stay behind.
'Wherever a gypsy of the Boswell tribe
now roams he will learn by some mys
terious messenger that his queen has gone
across the dark river. . He will mourn in
his own strange fashion for. her. Here, at
tho gypsy encampment there will be a
solemn funeral service, with all. the' sa-
MONTEREY. March 26.— Bishop Mont
gomery of -the. Roman Catholic diocese of
Monterey and ; Los Angeles administered
confirmation, to a class of fifty-nine chil
dren In San Carlos Church, in this city;
yesterday. .This is the largest class con-
Confirms a Large Class.
. GILROY. March ,?6.— An Indian ; known
here as "No Yolo'* was; taken -¦ to.'-, the
County Infirmary to-day by order of-Su
pervisor. Rea.". He claims to"be 107 years
old and was 'born at San Juan. For some
time past he has been a- county charge,
and it was deemed best to send him where
he could be properly cared for, as he is
practically' helpless: . • ;-'
County Cares for Aged Indian.
, .GILROY, March -26,-TGilroy j will cele
brate the closing of the. fiouthe'fn' Pacific
gap. The Gllroy band' will meet both
through trains on Sunday, March 31. On
Monday there will be an open-air, concert,
followed by fireworks and a "grand over
land ball in the evening. . Th© City Coun
cil is at the head of the movement.
Will Welcome. Eaca Train.
SAN JOSE. "March ' 26.-Nellle R ¦ M.
Meek has sued George.de Latour; proprie
tor of the cream of ¦ tartar works on Bush
street. In this city, forrthe. abatement of.
the works as a nuisance and for $4000 dam
ages arising from what she claims are vile
and noxious odors which Issue, from piles
of decayed vegetable matter, that accumu
late at the factory. .The plaintiff owns
two houses adjoining the work*, -and. be
cause of these conditions/ she says, she Is
unable to rent. or dispose of her property.
Objects to Noxious Odors.
TAQUINA. Or., March 26.— The business
portion of this town was almost entirely
destroyed by fire early this morning. The
loss Is estimated at $30,000 and the insur
ance at $2600. The blaze was discovered
about 3:30 a. m. in Scott's.- Hall. - No.ap
pliances for fighting fire were at hand and
the flames spread rapMly to the adjoining
buildings, totally destroying them with
most of their contents.. The United States
Custom-house was destroyed, but most of
the records <were saved. It is' believed
that the tire started in the garden of
Scott's Hall from a' lighted cigarette
thrown into a rubbish pile.
Town of Yaquina in Flames.
SAN JOSE, March 26.— The novel find of
¦a human brain in pickle was -.made in the
bottom of the elevator shaft of. the Rea
building, corner of Santa Clara and Mar
ket streets, this ' morning by the Janitor.
Inquiry among the doctors of the building
cleared" the mystery. A couple of years
ago Dr. Parkman, : who had offices In the
building, performed an autopsy upon the
body of an Italian boy, who had been shot
In the head, i He took the brain to his of
fice for examination, but before he was
ready to report the body had been buried
and the brain was placed In pickle.- A.
short time ago Dr. Parkman went to the
.Philippines as an. army physician and the
can was left in the building: Later a
man in cleaning the rooms tossed the can
into the bottom of the elevator shaft.
HUMAN BEAUT IN PICKLE.
. VANCOUVER, B. : . C, t. March 26.—
Charles Spencer, an Englishman, has
come to 'Vancouver, as. a British" port to
press an alleged claim for;
against the United States. Spencer's story
is that he was Imprisoned for five months
in a dungeon at Malate." without civil or
military trial, and without a charge beinc
made against him. He says he went from
Honolulu with the F*rst Tennessee Regi
ment on the City of Puebla in November.
1S98. At Manila he engaged in civil em
ployment for a time, and eventually be
came attached to the hospital corps of
the First Colorado, with which regiment,
he says, he went to Caloocan.' ;
"While temporarily separated from his
corps, he says, he was. arrested and
thrown Into an unhealthy •- Spanish dun
geon. After five months' confinement ho
was liberated and placed his case in the
hands of Manila attorneys. He was then
offered: free transportation to San Fran
cisco, where he again took legal • advice,
but, nothing coming of his attempts to
obtain a settlement of his claim. -he was
advised to go to'a British port and press
his claim through his own Government.
He has retained ex-Premier Joseph Mar
tin as hia attornev.
prisoned Without Cause in a
Philippine • Dungeon.
British Subject Alleges He Was Im-
CLAIMS DAMAGES FROM
THE. UNITED STATES
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 28.—
President Arthur Twining Hadley of Yale
University visited Stanford University to
day as the euett of President Jordan. In
the afternoon the distinguished educator
addressed the students, who had crowded
Assembly Hall to hear him. His topic was
"The University's Trust." He said in part:
There are many ideas as to what constitutes
a university. Some consider it merely aa a
medium to scatter knowledge abroad: a place
where men are trained in miscellaneous fact*.
Another conception la that th* university is
a place for the training: of •peclallsts in law,
medicine and . theology. But If we consider It
solely as a place for the production of doctors
of philosophy we make a. mistake, for four
fifths of these who come to a- university come
for the purpose of becoming strong men and
women . In whatever line their Uv«s may ca.ll
them.«'
The public believes only what it can readily
r.ee, hence overvalues the work of the expert.
The tendency of the university is to cater to
this taste and to turn out. not ten doctors of
philosophy of the flrat rank, but rather five
tlmee as many of the second rank. The uni
versities must correct this evil by the division
of labor. This would be economy of both time
and material and beneficial for all concerned.
In closing President Hadley said • that
the universities must form a trust among
themselves, so that they could improve
their methods of instruction and broaden
the training for graduate students. They
should lessen their antagonism and In
crease their sympathy till every univer
sity could take pride In the good work of
its rivals. To-day the colleges were learn
ing that the establishment of rival col
leges was not a hindrance, but a help, and
college graduates were broad enough to
have an interest * in institutions other
than those from which they graduated.
of President Hadley's Dis
course.
YALE'S CHIEF * ADDRESSES
STUDENTS OP STANFOBD
"The University's Trust" the Theme
The amount which will be actually
available at once for construction is not
definite. The trustees have been led to
adopt the pavilion one-story system in
order to start In- a limited way. and to
expand as rapidly as possible. It Is esti
mated that about $6000 a year will be
available for building. Until the finances
have been adjusted it will be difficult to
estimate closely what will be the actual
yearly income from the trust funds. There
Is considerable real and personal prop
erty to be sold before the fund can be
created under the terms of the trust
deed.
The trustees aro now engaged In ar
ranging the details for the trust funds.
Under Its terms they must invest $500,000,
the income of which is to be applied to
maintenance of the hospital. A stipulated
amount will be reserved for building pur
poses. For temporary use the large wood
en buildings now on the property will be
saved, one for administration purposes,
the other probably for a nurses' dormi
tory.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
--;.«:: ms Broadway. March 26.
The trustees of the Merritt Hospital
have decided to adopt the pavilion plan
for the structures for the Institution for
which provision was made by the late Dr.
Samuel H. Merritt and Mrs. Catherine
Garcelon. his sister. This plan will be
utilized because it will enable the trustees
to build 'additions and to enlarge the hos
pital facilities as funds become available,
and adhere to a general scheme of con
struction, which will be mapped out in the
beginning.
The preliminary surveys of the site, the
Pacific Theological Seminary property,
have been ordered. As eoon as these are
completed architects will be engaged to
make the rough draft for the hospital and
the other buildings for the Institution.
General Scheme Provides for Build
ings Which Can Be Readily En
larged as the Funds Be-
"come Available.
Merritt Trustees Begin the
Preliminary Work of
Construction.
ADOPT PAVILION
HOSPITAL PLANS
A story is current here that at the time
the two men ¦were drowned the captmn
was pursuing them, in another small boat.
In their hilrry. to make their escape their
boat was overturned and they wero
drowned. . .
Rumors of a story back of the drowning
are current here and "tend to change tho
belief that the men were lost while fish
ing in a small boat. The sealing schooner
Enterprise of Victoria, B. C, anchored, in
company with other sealer3,* Inside the*
point some weeks aco. After she had
been there several days word was received
here that two'men were lost by their boat
capsizing in the breakers. One of tho
bodies was recovered the same day and
Coroner Eden held an" inouest. At the in
quest the testimony showed that the men
were flshing'and g-ot caught In the surf.
Captain Victor Gulllot. and ¦several of the
crew testified, to this. :.""
A verdict of accidental death bv drown
ing was. ret'urned and *he affair was for
gotten until several davs agro, when threo
weary men made theli way across tho
country from the coast. They said they
were deserters from the Enterprise . and
that they had escaped in one of the boat*.
They had shipped as sealers, but did 'not
care to stay with the vessel. They did
not go into. the details t ot their trouble
with the schooner. . . .
SAN RAFAEL,,- March 26.— Word waa
received to-night at '¦ the Coroner's office
that the body of one of the seal hunters
who-was lost several weeks ago with' -a
companion in *the .breakers off Point
Reyes was washed ashore there this af
ternoon. Coroner , Ede:i will go to tho
scene to-morrow morning and hold an in
quest. . "¦.-..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Body of One of the Schooner. Enter
prise TJnf ortunates" Is Washed
Ashore Off Point ,
*- . ' •• ' \ Reyes.
New Theory to Account for
; the Drowning of Two
Sealers.
PERISH WHILE
DESERTING SHIP
SEATTLE, March 26.— The first serious
accident to occur in the new Great North
ern tunnel, which was opened for traffic
about three months ago. took place yes
terday afternoon and resulted In the death
of Engineer W. W. Bradley. His death
was due. to suffocation from the poisonous
gases in the tunnel. Fireman Joe W.
Smith wa3 overcome but recovered, aa did
five other trainmen, when they were car
ried into the open, air. ¦ . •
The tram, wni<(n was east bound, be
came stalled in the middle of the tunnel.
The fumes of the engine soon filled the
;lace. and the men were forced to leave
the train and lie. on the floor of the tunnel
for f afety. When t* ; «: train failed to ap
pear at the far end the watchers there
feared that something had happened «nd
started in with a relief engine.
The body of the engineer was found
face down In a ditch at the side of the
track. The other men were found on the
track. The rescuers' had a hard time get
ting to the scene owlns to the presence
of cmoke and gas. All of the men rescued
were. taken to the hospital at Everett and
had nearly recovered to-night.
Fireman and Five Others of the Cre-w
Are Rescued When Near to
. Death From Suffoca
tion.
Engineer' of \ a Stalled Great
Northern Train' Loses
His Life.
DEADLY FUMES
FILL A TUNNEL
MONTCEAU - LES - MINES. Franc*.
March 26.— The "yellows," or non-strikers,
worked again to-day in the mines under
the protection of an Imposing force o*
troops. There were several small disturb
ances. "The reds." or strikers, renewed
their hostile demonstrations, but they
were cowed by the bayonets of tho
gendarmes and refrained from serious dis
orders.
MARSEILLES. March fss.— The ship
owners' and master dockers' committee
has finally refused arbitration owing to>
the allegation that the strikers had. Inti
mated that they would not abide by th«
decision unless It was favorable to them.
The operation of the street cars here waa
more active to-day and there waa an in
creased number of workers on the quays,
docks and steamers. The strikers aro
comparatively quiet.
The employers after a meeting issued a.
conciliatory statement to the effect that
they were prepared to discuss the Inter
pretation of the provisions of the agree
ment reached after the last strike in Au
gust and would abide thereby, agreeing
not to dismiss workers on account of the
present strike. The employers added that
they regretted to be obliged to declare
that It -n ould be Impossible for them tot
make any further concession.
Marseilles Situation Much, the Sams
Although Employers Say They*
-- Will Discuss Provisions of
¦ ;•;¦'• "Last Agreement.
Refusal Due to Rumor of
Proposed Treachery on
Part of Strikers.
SHIP OWNERS
WON'T ARBITRATE
Mrs. McGraw promised the deputy sher
iff who was looking for her daughter that
she would go to the District Attorney's
office and tell all she knew about the dis
appearance. She has so far failed to do so.
"I intend to po right on with the trial
en Friday. The law allows me. in case I
can show that the complaining witness is
absent from the State, to introduce her
testimony at the preliminary examina
tion as evidence in the tina! hearing. This
will *1ve me a tolerably clear case, but
of course, the prosecution will be mate
rially weakened by the loss of the wit
r.ess. W*» have no information as to the
cause of Miss McGraw's failure to appear.
She may have felt unable to go through
another trial, cr inducements or threats
may have been used to pet her out of the
way. In any case I shall not delay the
hearing."
Oakland Office San Frar.cisco Call.
UlS Broadway. March 26.
The District Attorney's office Is con
fronts with a new difficulty in the prose
cution of James Keating for criminal as
sault in the disappearance of the com
plaining witness. Miss Martha McGraw.
Deputy Sheriff Holland has been to the
McGraw home in West Oakland several
times to serve the subpena Issued to sum
mon Mips McGraw to appear at the hear
fnp of the case before Judge Ellsworth on
Jriday. Yesterday the girl's mother told
Holland that her daughter was In Mexico.
She volunteered no information' as to the
cause of her daughter's sudden dlsap
j>oarance. and when questioned refused to
tell whether she knew anything about it.
Mis«= McGraw has undergone the ordeal
of the trial c.f each of her three alleged
assailant*. One of them. William Eden,
wap convicted and sentenced to forty-flve
years in the penitentiary. Another. John
Cronin. was acquitted. Keating had one
hearing, hut the jury disagreed. The pros
ecution was confident of securing a con
viction on the second hearing, as they
c aim that the case against him is as
clear as that against Eden.
The disappearance of the prosecuting
witness puts a different face on the mat
i*»r. and Deputy District Attorney George
Samuels is now doubtful of his ability to
convince the Jury of Keating's guilt." He
said:
B;puty Sheriff Told When Attempt
ing to Subpeaa Miss McGraw
That Prisoner's Accuser
Is in Mexico.
District Attorney's Office
Handicapped in the
Keating Case.
CHIEF WITHESS
NOT TO BE FOUND
" ' - ¦ ' ¦ ' - . . ¦¦''.:.,' ' - . ¦
TME SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARX^H 27, 1901V
QUEEN OF THE GYPSIES
GOES TO HER LONG REST
Onnar Boswell, Aged Ruler of Nomads, Will
Be Buried With Full Episcopal Rites,
9
1 mm\l *lSV Imhi an ml MSBB g-g a^SB^. MIMffik V w £
i\\ IS THE BEST^^ NATURAL APERIENT ; WATER^KNOW^. \J/
• J. One .Thousand' prominent physicians tari'testifled to this fact. Read vnat Pro-'- vl^
V V fessor Picot of Bordeaux," Franco (Professor of Clinical Medicine at the Unlrerslty) \f/
'¦'A i •..'¦'ifrltes: ; ""Hnnyadl'Janos ;1« Indisputably the best of laxatlTesV.lt* is admlrahJy''tol-*-^|ji
¦ * * ' erated by the stomach, It acts without giving :lie to lnteittnal ¦ Irritation, and It, jf*-
"/' y:' therefore, 'deserresits^oniTersal popularity!" -iXIfJ
w.\ Nature's Remedy for the Cure of . \!f
2 t Disordered Stomach; Biliousness and Liver Complaints, tf v
i V A e 1/ For the Full Xame. I I A Q IT I on bottle Is BLUE |[ §
\ -•* ' . .' M p IV MIUNYADI-JAKOS." !| LHDE.U. with RED Centre Panel. _ |iy
Coffee 1? no rerpecter of persons when
It comes to tbe poisonous effects thereof.
A prominent physician's wlfe""tof Monti-
cello. Ind..>ays that coffee treated her
very bady indeed, giving her a serious
an<3 painful stomach trouble, and a
wretched, muddy complexion. .. •
Her husband Is a physician of the reg-
ular school and opposed to both tea and
coffee, eo he Induced her to leave them off
and take on Posturr. Food Coffee.
The stomach trouble disappeared al-
tr.ost like magic and gradually her com-
plexion cleared up; now ehe Is In excel-
lent condition throughout.
There are thousands of highly organ-
i-ed people who are nxide sick in a va-
riety of different way* by the use of cof-
fee "and most of these people do not sus-
pect the cau?e of their trouble. They
think that others can drink coffee and
are well and they can. but about one per-
Fon out of every three is more or less
poisoned by coffee, and this can be proved
fcs leaving off coffee and taking Poetum
Food Coffee. In nearly every case the
disorder will be greatly relieved or entire-
ly disappear. It is easy enough to make
a trial and see whether coffee is a poison
to you or not. : .
k The name of the doctor's wife can be
Vlven "PC" application to the Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd.. at Battle Creek, Mich.
plexion Again.
The Doctor's Wife Found Her Com-
IT CAME BACK.
POSTUM CEREAL.
nothing but pure vegetable*
oil. and choice beef suet.
It is recommended by emi-
nent physicians and expert
cooks, and used every day
by- thousands of discrimi-
nating housewives in pref-
erence to,, ail other .cooking
fats. • ; Why don't YOU try a
pail and- te convinced of its
superiority?.
tf!SiS?j The IV.K.Fairbank Company,
fplj 4MM K . Chicago— Solo ttannfsccnrers.
tfe'StlS^i' FHFFf Our dainty booklat.
XagJ^laK ' rntt- " A PubUc Secret."
fi^&ntf&Si mailed free to any address.
SHSf rfflgf : ¦ For two 2c stamp* w« will
tvSJBftuSl^V' ¦ 'end (re* our 125-pafa roclpo
ISjjKQgfffigl i . book. "Home Helps." edited
by Mrs. Rorer. ?
P.^S.— No HojJ Fat in COTTOLENB
'-.¦-¦; . . .' ¦ • .. v. . :•¦
White
Gottolene
There' is no hog fat in
Progress
in. civilization is marked by
refinement ¦ of food' The
thought of cooking with
grease from the filthy heg
is offensive to intelligent
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SA^T FRANCISCO CAUL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1901.
10
Montezuma Copper and Coal.
Montezuma Copper and Coal.
Montezuma Copper and Coal.
With dividends assured this autumn from the
product of the new coal lands, the Montezuma
Mining Company has decided for the present
to make only a slight increase In the price of
its shares from month to month. The reason
is simple:' The company Is pledged by resolu-
tion adopted by Us board* of trustees to pay all
its surplus * earnings In dividends to share-
holders (see prospectus, page 10). To obtain
funds, then, for the continued development of
its '24 copper, properties and 'for the building
of a smelting plant on Its own coal lands at
Fairfax (in which smelter the company wtll
burn Its own coke). It la necessary to sell more
stock; and while • It is : generally agreed the
stock . is: to-day worth three times the price
asked, the company fear that to advance the
stock ¦ to ¦ Its true value now would/result In
diminished ' sales with consequents-curtailment
of revenue for development purposes. The pay-
ment of. one dividend means the payment of
others,, and after the first it is probable the
stock will be advanced to 60 or 70 cents, while
it, will, certainly- go »to par with .the payment
of a; second or third dividend.
This week the stock will be sold for Sc cash
or St on installments. Higher next week.
The State coal Inspector of Washington says
of this coal in his official report to the Gover-
nor: ."The coal is of excellent quality for cok-
ing;- steaming and blacksmithtng purposes."
Intending Investors may easily satisfy them-
selves as to the stable character of the Monte-
zuma proposition. • Write or call for 'full in-
formation. • THE AMERICAN GUARANTY &
TRUST CO.. : Selling Agents, 310 Safe Deposit
building. San Francisco. _B— «I__S ni«lil_»— i a*
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MINKS AXD Ml.VI.VG.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reiiabla
treatment superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Ho— «
Treatment; harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
(Office: any ailment; home before and durin<
confinement. 943 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: implicit confidence: reliable.
ALL female complaints relieved at once; ex-
perience of 37 yrs. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny.
ER. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Masoa
and Taylor, ladies' specialists.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Remo-red to 111S Market St..
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles* specialist.
SIISCEL-AA'EOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERsT~en«lnes7^2d^hand machinery] Mel
JNTOSH St WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars.' mirrors, showcases, coulters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large- stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 103 Mission st,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
200 LIGHT dynamo and engine directly eon-
nected and in good shape, cheap. H. 8.
WHITE. 818 Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear at.
A GENT'S 14-carat gold atera- winding- Ameri-
can watch for $.'0; cost $45. UNCLE HAP.-
PJS. 15 Grant ave.
A FINE guitar, banjo and mandolin: your
choice for $« each. UNCLE HARRIS, tt
Grant ave.
FOR sale— 10 n. p. engine and boiler, rock
crusher and COO-gallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near Coin— . .
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
outr different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A — 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 218 California st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand, machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
TWO upright cabinet showcases. 202 Noe st.
FOR sale — St. Bernard pup; winner of first
prize. 61S Lombard st.
BLACK cocker spaniel pups; price reasonable.
43 Albion ave.. near Fifteenth St.
FOR sale — Billiard table in good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway, Oakland.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand ;
.all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-4— Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Sd-hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t St.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
9IISCEIXA5EOCS t^ASTS.
AN aelolan orchestrelle; no objection to ona
slightly used; price not to exceed $1000 or un-
der; pay cash. Box 2541. Call office.
TILTON'S misfit parlor* wants masquerade, la-
dies', gents' clothing. 154, Sth; tel. Folsom 2o22.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission at., near Main.
MOXEY TO LO.W.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will less
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C8 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H_ MURPHY.
6C0 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per ceat: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Rr-om 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at <*•: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elsc-
, where. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montjomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, , private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third »t.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prt-v*f»
party; no removal; no commission : conflden-
— tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. XV. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker.
age; rrtlable party. 1170 Market St.. room tt.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. a Eddy »».
LOANS. 1st or 2d rntgs: city, country. •«;. undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Par— .tt big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. Kl Parrott building.
S10O.0OC TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In*
¦ dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bin.
MUSICAL ISSTRUME.VTS.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agencies; following: are some
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up $55(1 Schiller JTS5
1 Estey $3511 Sommer $133
1 Emerson, up $Ci 1 Gabler $133
1 Vose .*. ..JS5U Waverly »22
1 Knabe $1851 1 Marshall Wende!.$lK
2 Steinways ..$185 up! I Fisher, up $m
2 Heines $313 up! 1 Mason _ Hamlin. $39.'»
6 Chickerlngs..$110 upil Schuman, up $io»
1 Hallet & Davis. $i£»;l Hazelton square... $S-»
2 Behr Bros". $213, $285il Miller X125
8 Schaeffers $135il Kelso $„!
1 new Mason _ Hamlin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $43). now $193
And 50 others: rented and rent allowed if
• purchased; rents $3 up; we handle all makes;
agents for some of tne oldest and most fa-
mous pianos in existence; agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to chocse from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date" of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold lor $5 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Sttlnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Frandlsco ;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth at., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, it.
2S and 20 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
BIO stock medium and low priced new up-
rights; can be exchanged for Haaeltons any
time within five years; all pianos warranted ;
a fine upright nearly new. $125: squares from
$23 up: easy terms. At DEWING' S, 12 to 21
Flood building, San Francisco.
BABY GRANDS at a bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly o«ed.
Such an opportunity is seldom offered. Call
soon to get the benefit of it. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
A FEW new pianos for $150: second-
hand from $30. BEXJ. CURTAZ 4 S03J.
16 O'FarreU st.^ Chlckering and Vose agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 170* Market at., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $4
per month — dirt cheap.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used S months. 324 Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $133 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 22C6 Ftllmore st
SPECIAX. sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: St-ck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B." Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO, 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 3Cs Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shontnger agency.
SUPERIOR vlcllns, zithers, old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac* a
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
1» pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
y HELP/. WAX TED- -FEM ALE— Con.
MEN OR WOMEN V^.:.!^^.....;/......^..:^
..........'.. Paid Big Commissions ............
\ UTICA ; CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY.-21 Spear st. "¦:' -
COOK and general housework; sleep home; $18
, to S20; references. ¦- Box 2701. Call. -
Hair-dressing, manicuring, dyeing & bleaching;
- legson 25c. Hairdresalng . College, 574 Geary.
APPRENTICES with -some experience In mil-
linery; will pay while learning. - 130 Sixth st.
JEWISH or German girl; plain cooking; small
family; light housework. Box' 2703. Call.
TWO finishers on pants.. 36 Geary St., room
33. . • .-.-- .---.-...,¦... - ¦;., . v
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 121 Post
st.; :-room- 14. . -,:.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for Palace Millinery.
1036 -Market St.
WANTED- intelligent woman over 26 to qual-
lfy for_bu3lness. Box 27C2, Call.
W r ANTED— A. young girl for light ho'usework.
..,- 509% Hyde st. r
A GIRL for light housework. 1004A Golden
Gate ave.
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
• 1212 Market st.
WANTED— Elderly German woman for h-ouse-
work; no washing; sleep home; wages $25 a
month. . 7S2 : Fulton st. . -
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work;
good • p*ay. 106 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt "hands. FLAMM. 1435
Polk st. ¦ X*. -. ¦ - ¦ ¦¦
GOOD sewers and apprentices;- paid while
learning. FLAMM. 1435 Polk St.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 614 Devisadero st.
EXPERIENCED operator on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A." Aaron. 573 Mission.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1030
Valencia st. ' , ,
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ......104 Geary st.
Railroad Work
For Nevada For Nevada
25 teamsters.... ship to-day
: For the big tunnel.....'. Chatsworth Park
Drillers .....'. $2 to $2 50
Muckers -. $2
Men tourame tunnel timbers ..$2 CO
For S. P. Co's own cam p»
Los AnKeles and Santa Barbara divisions;
gang of laborers for ballasting track and sur-
facing $i 75 a day
' Ship daily
Free fare free fare
3 plasterers, country, $4 a day, see party
here; 50 woodchoppers, $150 a cord; G milk-
ers, $30: blacksmith, country, $40; ranch
blacksmith, M5.
Camp cook for R. R-s camp in Nevada, $30,
free fare ....'. f
Gebert, the camp cook, please report...
Hotel Department
10 second cooks,, broilers and fryers. $50,
$60 and 165; broiler, country hotel, $50; baker,
country shop, $50: oysterman. $45: cook,
company boarding-house, country, $40; 10
waiters, $30 and $40; dishwasher, springs, $25;
10 dishwashers, city and country, $25 and $20;
6 bell and elevator boys, $15 and $30
Polisher, country laundry. 140; starchers,
washers and lroners, S35 and $40; head laun-
dryman, $35; washer, $30; hangei>up, $25; for
hand laundry, country hotel; fares advanced.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary st.
A — WANTED, at our Los Angeles office, labor-
ers and teamsters, ranch and dairy help and
laboring men for all kinds of unskilled labor;
wages from $1 75 to $2 25 a day on all kinds
w of construction and railroad work. Apply to
EC. R. HANSEN & CO.. 123V4 to 127»£ W. Sec-
«ond St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
A-WE SHIP TO-DAY..... free fare
5. P. R. R. pass for company's own work
- 150 laborers for section, steel and ballasting
gangs $1 75 day
for Southern California
LOS ANGELES AND SANTA BARBARA
FREE FARE FREE FARE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — WORKING foreman, small ranch; see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— TWO carpenters, 8 hours' work, $3 50 day,
steady job; carpenter. Institution,, $55; car-
riage painter, country shop, $40; 4 black-
smiths and helpers. $2 50 and $2 25 day; har-
ness-maker, country shop; typewriter: as-
sistant bookkeeper, $50; slaughter-house
butcher, $40; hundreds of other positions
¦daily on our- : bulletin .boards. If you want
work come down and see MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St. ¦»
A— WANTED. -
Carpenter for shop, city ....$3 60 a day
Cook, restaurant, city $12 a week
Cook for boat:...: $40
: 2 ranch teamsters J30
• Milker for Point Arena.. ; $30
! Milker for Merced $30
i Choreman for ranch $20
I Horseshoer, city ::-...$2 to $2 50 a day
Milker, near city ..'...' ". J30
Shop butcher, near city $30 and found
Milk wagon driver.. ; $30 and found
Driver for grocery wagon $10 a week
W. D. EWER &. CO.. 610 Clay st.
FKUIT farmer and wife. $40 and found; 3
stablemen for country; $23 and $30 and found;
8 milkers, $30 and $35 and found; choreman.
$20 and found; vegetable gardener, "SCO and
four.d; assistant dairyman, $30 and found;
farmers $25:tlemakers, 9 to lie. and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Bacramento st.
ENGLISH butler, $35 and found; delicatessen
man. $40 and board; cooks, waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 53 Third St.; phone
Red 31— Benchhand (one who understands
turning), large, mill, country, $3 50 a day;
machinist, 'same mill, best wages; 6 labor-
ers for quarry. 1175 a day; man for small
dairy. *25; waiter, hotel, city, $S per week,
board and room; gang of men for mill and
woods; 10 men to make posts, $3 per hun-
dred: pickets. $6 per thousand: redwood ties,
cut cordwood, etc. ¦ 59 Third st. _
A^-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Pastry cook, $40; bell boy, $30 and $10; walt-
cr. $30. . :
2 FIRST-CLASS bellboys, with references: $25
and $30. MRS. M. E.' DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk : tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary. ',
WANTED for U. S. Army— Abte-bodled un-
married men between ages of 21 and _; dtl-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service In Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery
St., 1 San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN, wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to "wholesale and retail trade; we are the
' largest and only manufacturers. In our Hn9 j
in , the world : liberal salary paid. Address I
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ga. ;
SMART, active man can secure good paying
situation by applying to N. E. CRAIG, room
6. 405 Montgomery, bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner to at-
tend cash counter: $75 per month; $200 re-
quired. LUNDIN & CO.. 9C6 Market st.
MAN. with small capital, in business estab-
lished many years; short hours; no Sunday
work.' 765 Market st.,, room 4. \ -..-.'¦.
STEADY, sober waiter. $25 and f ound ;- porter.
German preferred, $15. Ahlborn House, 321
Grant- avef -• - - ¦
WANTED— Your.c man to wait at table and
tend bar: ¦ small country hotel: wages $25 a
month. Box 2578. Call office.
MANAGERS everywhere: either sex; $20 week-
ly. N.- Y.-.C.-C. 1206 Market at., office 6.
Wanted— 2 lst-clasa Instrument finishers. Kel-
ler Balance Mfg. Co.. Salt Lake City. Utah.
BRASS finisher wanted at the California Brass
Works. 22S Fremont »st. '
GOOD stron? boy to. learn the blacksmith
trade. 715 Folsom. at. | ¦
DISHWASHER wanted. 628 Fourth st. .
WANTED— Good second cook at 105 California
Market. , . '
ERRAND. boy that can read and write. 509
Kearny St.; j room 2. ' ".''. "-.
•WANTED- 1 Wax thread operator. -Wentworth,
. Swltzer Shoe Co., 26 Main st. y -.
WANTED— A good barber to run a shop. Ap-
¦ ply 621 Eighth at .
EXPERIENCED salesman for merchant tailor.
' 1215 Market St.. bet. 8th and 3th.
WAITKR at Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-second
¦ • st. ; $25 i and : found. • '
WANTED— Steady 1 barber; 15c barber shop.
528 Broadway st. . : :
WANTED— Good -.barber;' steady work. '¦¦ 1724 &
' Market at.; between Polk and Van Ness.,
WANTED— A good:dlnner waiter at 304 Mason
Bt.:;clty; $3 50 per week.' . -.-". y-.V-
BOOTBLACK wanted (young man) at 209 Lar-
kln st. E. P. ROCHE, .- ,;. ~ ...
CHIEF cook wanted: for restaurant. ¦.- 1550 Mar-
-'. kef st. ¦¦'- ¦•'• :-•.. . :. . ¦„ .' '>-:¦ - ."'.
BOOTBLACK. 152 Third st. rlBfflffipilTljjpl
$73— PARTNER : in restaurant, ' $30 month - and
; board ; no , experience necessary. - 496 Fourth.
GOOD barber wanted at,2SC9 California st.
Night " cashier : and ; all-around man ;
. . good references. ' 29 Stockton ' st. . ¦
WAKTOIWMAIi~._i ,
YOUNG married man wants steady position as
.bartender; city or country. "Address B. B.,
'831 Harrison st.- P "
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position
• with; wholesale house; best reference. ' Box
» 2422. Call office. - ... , -
BARTENDER, experienced man. wants ; posi-
tion; good references. Address Jl I.. W., 191114
Mission st. .'. > ¦ : 7 \ '.
RESPECTABLE " boy, living with parents,'
wishes position in grocery store; best of ref-
erences. .1723^ Mission st. '
CHEF, competent In all branches, wants po-
sition,- hotel or restaurant; first-class city ref-
- erences. Address Cook, . 615 Larkln at.
MILKER and wife as cook want work on
ranch. Box 2416. Call office. ' •
YOUNG man. speaking German and English.
would like, work of. any kind; country pre-
ferred. Box 2413, \ Call office. ' ¦
WANTED-^-By young man, position as collector
in or out of city; salary or commission; well
acquainted, with city; bank references and
bond; i_pallment house preferred. Box 2411,-
Call.ofiffe. ;,,;-.¦ .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work of any kind;
small wages expected. « Box 2532, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a sober young man in
electrical-work or apprentice. Address L.
HOTENLOHER, 320 O'Farrell st.
A THOROUGH gardener (German) desires po-
sition;, can furnish references from home and
abroad. Address B. R.. box 2S71. Call office.
FLORIST, age 23, wishes position in store or
greenhouse ; 5 years' experience In the East.
Address F. W. E-. care of 265^ Natoma at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A, BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlona has been established . at 1038
Valencia st. ¦ ' " ' /
FLATS TO LET. '
A-3672 SIXTEENTH, .near Market— 7 rooms
and bath; north side; with pretty garden.
A— 30 DAYS free; clean 6-room; reduced to JS.
2S0 Tehama st., -near Third.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 50.
1361 Sacramento st. -...--.'
$11— UPPER flat, 3 large sunny rooms; base-
ment.» 123 San Jose ave., bet. 23d and 24th.
FLATS TO L— A'--yUK.MSil— U
A NEWLY furnished flat. 8 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences: rent reasonable to
responsible parties-. 1028 Ellis, nr. Franklin.
FURNITURE FOn SALE. 7^
FOR sale — 8-room furniture cheap. 643 Sacra-
mento st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 IOJ with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. VVRXITl'R E WANTED?'
Auctioneer— L. lMncent.1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IB you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co. 240 Stockton Bt. ; tel. Jamea 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission. .
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
. etc.. see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 161.
A. WOLLPERT.. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress .city $25 to $30
Waitress ..'..Colusa $20, fare paid
Waitress ...South $25, fare paid
Waitress Woodland ..........$-'0
Waitress ;v.Menlo Park $20
"Waitress Redwood Citr=..r $2")
Waitress ..., Vallejo $20
10 waitresses ....City $20
2 restaurant waitresses $25
2 scrubbers Institution $20
Restaurant cook. .small place $6 week
2 chambermaids to wait $20
Chambermaid to wait. ...summer resort. ...$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. v
2 cooks German style $30 and $35
Housegirl...... Belvedere ..$20
Housegirl Lake County ..* ,..W0
Swedish woman, housework, Hopland.... ..(20
Cooks, houseglrls, ' nurses $10 to K10
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 NEAT "young salesladies. $7 week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. -
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 first-class waitresses, city hotels, $20; 12
waitresses, very best commercial hotels, $23
and $22 50. many fares paid; 6 chambermaids
- to - wait, city and country, $20; 2 chamber-
maids, $18 and $20; woman cook. Institution,
$30; woman for housecleanlng, springs, $25,
free fare. 1
FAMIX.Y DEPARTMENT
First-class family help for choice city and
country pjaces. MRS. M. E.'DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. _^ : ¦ ' '
WANTED— 6 Protestant cooks for country fam-
ilies, some with plain washing and some
without washing, $30, $35 and $40; 4 German
cooks. $30 and $35: 49 girls for housework, $20
and {25; nurse, $25; 6 waitresses, country ho-
tels and resorts, $25; 4 waitresses, restaurants,
$6 and *7 a week; 8 waitresses, city, family
hotels, J20;' laundress and chambermaid, $25;
Ironer, $40; six second girls, $20 and $25; cook
for delicatessen lunch. $40; chambermaid and
seamstress, 125, see lady at 11 o'clock to-day.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED- The employing public to call at
1073»4 Market St., Pacific Coast Employment
Agency, for reliable help. Do you want a
good servant, cook, chambermaid, • nurse, gov-
. erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
of all work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
hand, special help? We will furnish you with
help.. Call to-day, register your want. We
furnish reliable help; ring us up; tel. How-
ard 1626; call or write. 1073K Market. S. F.
ABOUT 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
ed at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall fac-
tory, 32^ Fremont »t. ; no experience neces-
, sary; good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Button sewers on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36^4 Fremont St.; apply
to Mr. Hlndshaw.
ACTICE, elderly woman to care for baby and
assist light housework; will be given good
home and reasonable pay. Address box 2420,
Call office. ' -' ,; v - - . - .:.'
YOUNG couple, with Infant, living In country.-
want reliable girl to do housework and assist
In care of baby; baby washing only: wages
$22 50 per month. 3000 California, cor. Baker.
WANTED— First-class I saleslady In cloak and
suit department; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 2417, Call office.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove "Sts. '. .
WANTED— Ladies with business ability to rep-
. resent the Pacific Coast Purchasing Assocla?
tlon; references required. 206 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED waist and skirt hands; also
33 improvers and errand girl. Room 134, Spring
Valley building. -
WANTED— A few good contraltos for chorus;
permanent situation.' Apply ' at Tivoll, be-
tween 1 and 2 p. m. , ¦
WANTED— Girl; must be good cook and house-
work ; references. - 1123 Laguna st. ; call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. •
OPERATORS on ladles' - underwear to take
work home. 723 Market St., room 25.-
OPERATORS on children's wear to take work
Tiome. 723 Market et.» room 35. ¦
OPERATORS wanted to work In factory on la-
dles' wear. 723 Market st., room 35.
GIRLS to make tryons: first-class work. MET.
ROPOLITAN TAILORING CO.. 947 Market »t.
SKIRT hands and improvers for dressmaking.
Room 43, 121 Post st: , .
EXPERIENCED millinery saleslady: also a
first-class trimmer, j 24 Kearny st. -
IMPROVERS and apprentices^^ dressmaking;
''steady, work, 855 Hayes st.^.
FINISHERS wanted on cheap tailoring. 870
, . Fclsom .st. ..... ,
APPRENTICES . to learn. , tailoring; paid
while learning. 541 Market st.
WANTED— A dressmaker/" 1207^ Bush street.
IRONERS wanted : in factory on ladles' wear.
723 Market St.. room 35. .
OPERATORS on ladles' waists to take work
. home. ¦; 723 Market St., room S3. —
AMATEUR singers ! wanted. Apply j at Chutes
at'6 o'clock thlsevenlncr. . . ' - ¦
FIRST-CLASS help at dressmaking. MRS. R.
J. .STACY. 116 Stockton st. . --.-.-- ,
WANTED— Hat trimmers. Apply HINK, JAE-
NICKB & CO.'S : Straw .Works. ' 29 Second st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $15. 739 Way-
ton si. -•. .'?*' .;¦¦- s ; . -, .'
SALESLADY wanted for bakery; must wait at
table. '1410 Polk 8 t.
A FIRST-CLASS coat ' finisher wanted at 107
Fifth St.. room 7.^C.: ¦:'¦¦¦ "¦' '.s?~k .-' ;^-c-- .
GOOD skirt finishers.'" LESTER," Ladles' .Tai-
lor. 8, 10 and, 12 Kearny at. , t : ', ;
GOOD'i sewer: also; apprentice: paid-' while
¦ learning. ¦ 2Qg Rose ave.. Page & Halght ats.
WANTED— Girl for ¦ general , housework; v no
;cooklng.; ,1685 Post et.---.r-- <¦ ¦¦'.¦.: ,. .'; ;-.f
A FIRST-CLAgS Ironer, $1 50 a day. 1421 Point
\ Lobos ave. .'.,.---. v ; : -,\ ,--: " ' -•
FIRST-CLASS skirtmakers., 618, Sutter st! :
¦c HELP WASTED- -MALK — »C«nV
WANTED— A reliable and competent traveling
salesman, thoroughly : experienced with the
u liquor business'; one with established trade
preferred; all communications ftrlctly con-
fidential. -Address, stating experience, refer-
¦ ences and where last employed and what «x-
' tent of trade expect to control, box 2409. Call.
WANTED— Experienced butter man for whole-
sale commission house; one\wlth city and
country trade; state experience, salary ex-
pected and last -employer. Box 2410. Call.
WANTED for country, first-class cabinet-
maker and bench hand, capable of working
from drawings. Call Pac. Pump & Wlnd-
mill Co.. 575 Mission st. {
IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors: fair
salary; must be of good address; for Saturday
Evenlng Post. 59 Columbian building.
WANTED- Young man. to learn cigar making;
* 4 to S weeks required: steady work and good
pay when learned; tuition $25. 247 Fifth st.
WANTED— A good, sober shoemaker: must
have a full set of tools. Address H. OLSEN.
Hay wards. Cal. : •
WAJfTED— Tailors. BOWHAY. 616 Sutter st.
COATMAKER on custom work. H. HILP. 106
Battery st. -.-
BOY to learn the aluminum artificial limb
business. S19 Market at., room 6.
WANTED— A first-class silver spinner. Apply
SHREVE & CO.'S factory. 403 Market *X-
WANTEP-^Bootblack; colored. 1344 Turk at.
F1RST-CLAS3 coatmaker'on custom coats. 927
Market st.. room 721. •
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale cheap; trial
given. 509 Seventh at. '¦- '
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third it.
MAN who understands nursery work and Job-
bing gardenings "500 Halght »t.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; party wants
to leave city. 206 Leavenworth st.
S-CHAIR barber shop for sale: rent $6: trial
given. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
A GOOD-PAYING 2-c!iair barber shop for sale,
cheap. 200 Powell st. •
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD & CO.:
Sood wages. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
E/itRERS— 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 1424
Polk st. .
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter at.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving- two years;
mailed free. We have no, 5c shop In connec-
tion with our College: chairs and furnttura
are all made to our own order, with a view
MOLE a R'S n BARBER°CO e LL e EGE,-635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED — Cash boys over 14 years of ag».
Apply at HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150. large
rooms; ZSc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15-: and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap;, in Peta-
luma. Address D. WHITE. Petaluma. Cal.
MEN to learn barber -trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
GET your shoes half-soled -while waiting; 23c
to SOc. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Experienced ladles' tailor; perma-
nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of\ world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
¦ firm. S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1IOKSKS ASD TVAGOSS.
: 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
¦ . carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GLOBE Horse Market — Horses for sale; also
matched teams. 38 Twelfth st.
VICTORIA, slx-seater, wagonette, phaeton;
good condition: best makers: also basement
with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d cession June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
2 HORSES, harness, 2 buggies, camping wagon
and cart for sale. • 1 Camp st.. off Guerrero.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, jbugglea. surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
GOOD business ¦ horses, wagon horses, 'healer,
light, fast- pacers and trotters. 721 Howard
AN A No 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOCSES TO I.ET.
X^plTiN^rEDnus^rTiouse^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
i-
BUSH. 1120 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard: $37 50: water free.
$11— 5-RCOM house and bath. Laurel ave., near
Turk and Buchanan sts.
* HOUSES Tf> LET FURMSHED.
A— 30-ROOMED furnished house for sale or to
let; newly furnished. 10C6 Pine Bt.
MODERN house elegantly furnished: 7 rooms,
bath. Call 1711 Webster at.. 10 to 12.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house or cottage of « or
7 rooms for the* summer in San Rafael ; best
of references. Answer box 2419, Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Sunday evening, a sable collarette, be-
tween the Knickerbocker, Van Ness and
California, and Webster and Pacific ave. Re-
turn to Knickerbocker. 1616 Van Ness; re-
/ward. .
LOST— Gold watch and chain with diamond
crescent and initials "M. O. C." Finder
please return to 2303 Howard st. and receive
liberal reward.
LOST — Doctor's satchel on Van Ness ave. Re-
turn 120S Van Ness' ave. ; reward.
LOST— March 22. 190L on Dupont St.. or Rroad-
way, 1 fob guard; black ribbon with buckle
and stamp form with moss agate with lion's
head engraved. Finder please return to 1302
Stockton st. and will receive reward. Pro-
•¦fessor C. A. GRIFFITH. '
LOST — Dark gray overcoat, velvet collar; be-
tween Stanyan st. and the Cliff House. Re-
turn to 701 Cole st.; reward. ,
LOST— Gray mare with harness on. weight 1300
lbs. Notify 1313 Virginia st., Berkeley. j
LOST— Diamond scarfpin, crescent ahape; lost
between Howard and Steuart sts, and Tanfo-
ran racetrack. Return to NE. cor. Howard
and Steuart sts. ; suitable reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing-. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
___________ _
( . .' ..__..¦.,... - . ' .
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis st.
MATTRESSES and upholstery;" tilT'south 792:
to order or renovated, - feather and hair
steamed; expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
BPSIXESS -CHANCES— Continued.
HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished: cen-
tral location; good house; rent in board." Ar-
lington Hotel, Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. Cal. '
A CHANCE to secure that fine large store
now bulldlnx at 813 O'Farrell St.. near Ma-
¦on. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LARGE Inside route on this paj>« 'or sale.
Apply Business office.
LODGIXG-nOUSES FOR SALE.
A— S-ROOM flat; downtown; very sunny; must
sell; fine bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
16 ROOMS; corner: fine for transient ?1000
XT-room house; clears J200 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market D00
14 room on Third »t.. near Market.' 550
14 rooms on Mission st 650
40 rooms; rent {60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears S2O0 2000
77 rooms; Just furnished: very fine 2S00
24 rooms on Geary »t.; clears $133 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears J300.. CGCO
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
f5-room house; clea— $800 6000
SO-room boarding-house: clears J600 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
4 vacant houses to rent.
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
JI0.OO0; abstract furnished free, with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 10SO Market St..
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796.
ATTENTION. SELLE~RS! "'
Lfct your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
1020 Market »t., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.'
A ' A
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
719 Market St.. by Call bldg.: teL Black 1S03.
10 rooms; transient; oak furniture, fine -
tapestry carpets; cer.tral; rent JoO $700
14 rooms; on- floor; brick; nice; eunny.. 560
21 rooms: snap; housekeeping; rent $40;
dears $53: on principal street 400
13 rooms; rent 130; clears {40; leaving city;
fell; wool mattresses; oak furniture... 500
14 rooms: fashionable lioardlng-house; In-
come $275; sunny, clean and nice 1000
18 rooms; clean; elegant; central; tran.. 1100
15 rooms; tee this house before buying.. 1000
4! rooms; a fine business proposition: all
offices; clears J2< 0 a month 2760
18 rooms; 2 houses of 6 flats, furnished
for housekeeping; fine; steady roomers. 1200
65 rooms; fine corner; downtown: bargain. 3750
10 rooms: on Sutter. near big hotels: new
furniture: cost $1400; very fine 1000
14 rooms; 8 offices pay all of the rent — 1600
10 rooms; fine; Leavenworth st.; rent $50. C50
15 rooms; money-maker; steady roomers.. 900
Several city hotels; first and second class.
MRS. A. CAMERON & CO.; S50 Market st. and
S Stockton et.. rooms 21. 22, 23; phone Bush
82S. If you wish to buy or sell rooming-
houses or business chances call and see large
list of bargains. Partial list below: S3 rooms
—Ellis st.: rent $100; good permanent and
transient house; fine carpets, furniture and
hair mattresses; price $3500; fine location. 26
rooms— Golden Gate corner; rent $100; price
$ie;0; apartment house; rooms light, sunny:
carpets and furniture good condition. 9 rooms
—O'Farrell St.: rent $35; price $700: carpets
and furniture new; good location; all rented.
2* rooms— Flfth-st. corner: rent $57 B0; furni-
ture hard wood; peys $70 per month over
expenses. 16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $50;
clears $10. 8 rooms on Folsom st. : rent S15;
price I2T5. Public stenographer: inventories
and legal papers written at reasonable rates.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
GO rooms, clcse In. elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
80 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. S000
II rooms, only $»0 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
SELECT your house from largest list In town.
» rooms: elegant; must sell $450
11 rooms; Golden Gate: cheap rent 450
*O rooms: newly furni*!;ed: only StS
.5$ rooms; a big money-maker 900
116 re-cms; a fine, modern house; easy pay?
ments. Hundreds to c!iooee from. Also board-
ing-house?. See our f pedal barga-ln list be-
fore buying. Walter Hayes & Co.. SS8 Market.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms; Jones St.; part cash $550
20 rooms; rent $«0; only 1250
ZZ rooms; corner: rent $30 11S»
36 rooms; rent SjO tleaae) 1723
€0 rooms:' rent 1100: central 2500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 Market et.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.; tel. Jessie 1S93.
45 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms: Hyde; very fln#ly furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $J0; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or gouth of Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer: this office is licensed:
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers- general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
$S0O — LODGING-HOUSE; good location; cheap .
rent; good furniture; clear $75 month; make
offer to-day. Apply LUNDIN & CO., S06
Market Et.
CALL and se« our list of bargains in houses;
we have them in any part of the city and at
nr- price. 'EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth St.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: north of Market St.;
barga'n. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'j Market.
FOR sale— Rooming-houje. 13 rooms. 537 Ellis
«t.; (no agents). ¦ .
FOR sale— A 6-room fu: ilsaed house; nice
home: rent K5. 1614 Bush St.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you jove and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world bo sure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st.. opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), 513 Eddy, bet, Hyde-Earkin.
FIFTY-THIRD anniversary celebration of
modern spiritualism on Sunday. March 31.
litOL at Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin St.. San
Francisco. Cal., under the auspices of the
California State Spiritualists' Association.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings |1. 1164 O'FarreU. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MME. GYEISX, trance medium; advice In all
affairs of life: sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9.
at 33 Sixth St., rooms 16 and 17.
CIRCLE of spiritual a;id phrenological tests at
Mme." Sanders* parlors, 1130 Market St., Thurs-
day evening, 25c; every person gets a test.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night, 8:15: sittings
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton St.. near Greenwich.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's circle to-night at
?, sharp: lCc; every one gets test?. 5 nyde st.
MOTHER SADIE materializing seance to-day
12 o'clock: COc. 1C84 Bush. .near Leavenworth.
DR. Mansey. Eastern occult scientist and Hin-
doo palmist; names given. 1 7th, cor. Market.
MRS. LESTER— Readings 50c; circles every eve
ex. Sat.,, 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MEETING Tues. Wed.. 1238 Howard: Thurs.. 117
Larkls; lower hall. Hockin. Maxwell. Gray.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
~ CLAIUVOVAXTS.
M1IE. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love -or business trouUles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
' medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
; ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; tske elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by —ail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. th«v great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife* fees 25c up: satisfaction to
even-body; tips on ryes. S15H Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wondgffH clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second Eight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies G0c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 12$ Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life: business, love, mining, law-
suits. 2C% Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1130 Market' »t.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10jt card reader:
past, present, future; 25c. 14Sf&lxth St.. r. 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm -
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant. ? card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet Sth and 6tlu_
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor 6th
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken ;tel. Ho ward 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: Kc; 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
adv .e; names given; 25c up. I Fourth «t ..
OARPKT BE ATIJfG AJf D \ CLE AM IS G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work .
' eend- to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 40.
CITY Ste&n Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel.' South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
v STRATTON'6. 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944.
J.* E. : MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN' 8 Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Goldefl
. Gate ave. : telephone East 126. '
CHIROPODISTS.
FREE with treatment— George's pat'd bunion
or corn shields. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st. * *
'< COTTAGES TO LET. - ¦
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkln— Sunny cottage of S room«; rent $15.
DENTISTS.
AT7h^"ELlECTOb"-lSEN : T^^fNIC^809^a1^
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you- can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; . gold crdwns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays. 9 to Z
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
-DR., GEORGE XV. LfcEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose " s "^M(Fl,
•"warranted for 20 yeaxs; crowns. J" 60; fillings.
60c: plates, J5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates aro
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 60c; gaa given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 983
Mission st, cor. Sixth. CcnsolJ. us on crowns
and* bridges; difficult plate work -solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c. ..
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction: vitalized
alr;crowns;bridgework. Open Sundaysto 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny,' cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. J4: crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $3 up;phone Polkll33.
DR. H. C. TftUr.M AN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in P. V. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 96D Mission Bt.. cor 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evening? and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
-YO17NQ, 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
1 Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt-
attention. 121 Post.- over O'Connor & Moffatt.
BDVCATIONAL.
ATRTsS^tuIhieTs^oi^
and evening; J8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured tor graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.-
Sshorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert V.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taUKlil; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, £>0; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. l'\— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, Engljeh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering! etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue Tree.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
. school for the university. law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
ca/i therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St. [
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec..mining.mecU.,sur-
vcy, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and th<*
Gregg shorthand costs only J80. San Fran-
cisco Business CoIIefpr, 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures'/short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
GERMAN lessons given by experienced G. lady
teacher; EOc priv., 25c classes. Box 2514, Call.
FRENCH, Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe" s Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab"d lS71;abiest profs.
PROF. MERKI. front Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experlenceui 1008 Mission Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day orfeve.; *j mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUS1 RATION— night clan. 424 Pine nt."
EJIPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; teL Larkln 2391
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all Kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 260L
JAPANESE, central houBe-cleanlng & employ-
m ent: all kinds help. 104S Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
Best help. 526 O'Farrell st,; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese • employ— ent office —
, Best help. 411H O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
E5IPLOY3IEXT WAKTED--FEMALE.
COMPETENT German woman with a child de-
sires situation; good cook, and housekeeper;
reference; city or country. MISS CULLEN,-
¦ S25 Sutter st. ¦
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girls desire
situations: best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references: wages ?1 per day and carfare: '
good -washer flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
WANTED— By elderly woman, work In small,
private family; is good, plain cook;' will do
nmall wash; steady. . reliable woman. 356
Minna Bt. .,
YOUNG woman wants work for husband's
board In small family; husbend .employed:
both quiet, neat and obliging. Call No. 8
Collingwood st. -
RESPECTABLE German lady, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper, city or coun-
try. Call 6S-76 Ellis St., room 53. between 1
and 3 o'clock. \
FIRST-CLASS German cook ; assist light house-
work; cannot speak English.' Ahlborn House,'
¦ 311 Grant ave. 1 •
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes any kind of
house work by day; sleep home. 923V4 Na-
toma st. ¦ ...
A POSITION as housekeeper: thoroughly com-
; petent In all lines: prefer rooming-house,
boarding-house or club. 404 Turk st., room 32.
REFINED, middle-aged lady wishes position
as infant's nurse or ¦ cook in small family.
Address box 2421, Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes more en-
gagements by the day; f 2 10 per day. 1515
Dolores st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing or house cleaning. Call or
address Grocer}', cor. Laguna and Fulton sts.
FIRST-CLASS laundress on children's dresses
by day. Address box 2418. Call office.-'
POSITION as cashier in restaurant; have had
previous experience. C35 Natoma st. ''
REFINED girl of 14 would like to take care
of child in nice home in Alameda; references.
Call or address 1311 Railroad ave.VvAlameda.
SWEDISH slrl wishes upstairs work and plain
sewing.- Address 1808 Folsom st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thlrdltt... near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms: 25c to Jl 50 per night; Jl 60 to $6
week; convenient and. respectable; • fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from -ferry. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beeu established at .1096
Valencia ft -.-¦ ¦>¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — flIAXE.
A SWEDISH married man wants a position as
teamster, laborer or any kind of work; call
after 6 p. m. • 564H Stevenson st. .
COACHMAN or man about place wants posi-
tion; thoroughly understands : horses, • cows
chickens and garden; Eastern references; any
city or country place on coast. Box. 2414. Call.
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman de-
sires a position; references furnished. Ad-
dress D.. 118 Sixth st. :-v.v»
SJ-V Fit A3T CISCO CAJLU
BUSINESS OPTICS or Tb* Baa Francisco
Call, corner of Market anS Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: cpen until »:30 p. m.
•CO Hayes etreet: open until »:S3 p..m.
CS3 McAllister street; open untn 8:30 p. m.
|_ Larkln street; open until 9:20 p. ra.
3941 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
_€1 Market etreeU comer Sixteenth: open
cctil s p. xn.
JC6 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m .
ICJ6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthweet corner Tw «nty-«econd and Ken-
tnritv gtrget*: open until » _P-_Jg:
MEETING XOTICBS. j£
MOUNT Moriah Lodz*. No. 44. F. and •
A. M -Meeting THIS WEDNESDAY
E\tSIKG Et 7:30 o'clock. Third de- }LJ\
jrref. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. * ~^
CROCKETT Lodpc. No. 139. F. and A. •
M.-Meetlng THIS EVENING, March 1
- st :: f i. D. 2. By order of the W. T^JT
M'. H. FOpTRIEDE, Secretary. '^* *
EXCELFIOR LoAe, No. 166. F. and A. ¦""
M -Special meeting TI1IS WEDXES- _£_.
PAY EVENING. March CT. at 7 J_3\
©"clock. Third <i*gi«e. '
. THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge. No. 1CS. F. ana A. M.— m
C*!M meeting THIS WEDNESDAY Sk
EVENING at T:»> o'clock. First de- jKJf
gre*. R. E. ALLEN. Secretary •. /^r *
MOKHK Lodge. No. 157. I. O. O. «$_£«H_*s.
F.— Election of celepates to the r_75_M&
Grand L"Jjr», ar.4 cthrr very im- '-£**<3££?
r^rtant business. THIS WED- "*" •
NESDAT EVENING, March 27. A full at-
tendan'-e <5e*!re<l. MARK A. DEVINE. N. O.
C. BRrND. Recording Pecretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lo-ige No. J *_nt>»L
TT. 1 O. O. F.— Officers and mem gi^K
tn-rr r.r~ requested to stir n1 meet-
1tis r-n THl'RSDAT EVENING. . ¦*¦"
1 March 2R. at S o'clock. Initiation and lmpor-
Itent business. A. SALA, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
ENERGETIC bock canvassers and solicitors
for every city and county on the coast;
vr any new books now ready: best terms ever
offered. The J. DEWING CO.. Flood build-
ing. Fan Francisco. _^_^
AGENTS, attention'— Queen books ready: order
tt one*. R. R. Patterson, 429 Montgomery.
EXPERIENCEP insurance agents. Call at
roe— 1C1. 9S7 Market et.. corner Sixth.
WANTEI>— Arente In each city; good money.
racing Coaft M. ft L. Co.. *60 Sth. Oakland.
AM'HALTl 51 HOOKIAG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11!S Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTHOLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrology: horoscopes com- 1
plete.SOc &J1. Mrs. Dr. Smith. 1007H Market.r.l!." \
ATTOR.VEYS AT LAW.
K. \V. KING. SZ7 Market rt.. €th fl<4or. room €27
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collfctton*; eJI ca*e>; fair fees; no advance
chargfs; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1327.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
HOTVE. atty at law, K50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
3. H. McKNIGHT. collection*: damages; es-
tates; mining; ci>en even? 532 Parrott bldg.
AI»VI«""K tree; no charjre unless successful. W.
"W. DAVIDSON. &27 Market St., opp. Mason.
Li's. CLARkTe--* Epreckels tldg.. JZT Me.r-
Vet St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
UOARDI.\G FOU CHILDBE.V
GEKMAN lady would like one or mere children
to beard; a nice plare and home; fresh milk |
every day. Inquire corner Oregon and Mil- !
via et£.. Berkeley.
WANTED— 1 or : children to care for; best of
care; large sunny yard; tenns reasonable.
442 Elisabeth St., near Noe.
GERMAN lady would like rhlidren to board;
Kood ho— e:. room for parent. 439 Minna et.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J1S5P; CORNER grocery and bar. on Point
Lobos ave.; rent J40; lease; living rooms; old
established and first-class paying business,
¦with large stctk: rare cB_ice. Call It. G. !
¦VVILKE. 26', Kearny st. i
A— «coi RESTAURANT; choicest location: '
olore to Palace Hotel: rent $30; cood paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, K^i Kearny st.
A-fCO; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $12: a
fine business and choice location in the Mis-
Fion; enlendld chow fcr man and wife. Call
U. G. WILKE. X\i Kearny 6t.
A RARE chance— Old pstabllshed flower store
*rith nursery, including hothouses, boiler.
• hortes. wagons, plants and trees of all de-
scription; location heart of the city; estab-
lished S ¦vears; fi— t-<*"«. paying establish-
jrr. ent: lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A— J3C/'; RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
S1V} good paying. R. G. WILKE. 25U Kearny.
' A— J1SP0: CORNER barroom on Third *t.. close
to Call bldg.: old established and first-class
raying place; sickness of owner only cause
of sale. Call K. G. WILKE. I6»i Kearny st.
. A— S6S0; PLI'MBING shop: established —any
years and doing a first-class p&ylng business;
rent _2 50: location best: business street.
Western Add. R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— tlOOO; CHOPHOUSE and restau— tit on
r»»vis st.; kept by present owner 7 years; a
first-class paying busines. Call R. G.
WILKE, :$4 Kearny si.
A— trOO; STATIONERY store; 2 living rooms;
rent tlO; good business for man and wife.
Call R. G. WILKE. K>. Kecrny et.
LIQUOR store In the Western Addition, doing
a raying business; alw flat 0/ 8 rooms over
the rtore: fine furniture; price for all J2S00;
"" rirkne«s cause of selling. G. W. SCHWEIK-
1IARD. 917 Market at., opposite Mascn.
100 CldAR stands, tOO groceries and bars.
1 500 candy and Icecream stores. 600 restaurants.
K*» storee of all klndc: partners -wanted.
1'Ertien with *1CO up can be suited.
WALTER HATES & CO.. KS Market st
A-*$600: RESTACRANT: no better location Jr.
the city: this is positively worth over S10CO.
l.ut it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 2C6 Pine tt.; phone Davis 126.
tlaC— I ORNER saloon: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. T77H Market st.
tlTiO — rXlRNEP. cigar rtand and laundry agency;'
nr. Markt. McLAUGHLIN & CO., TTTii Markt.
A— WINE house, desirably located: old estab-
lished retail and family trade; owner retires;
. _pricc- reasonable. STENBERG CO., T3$ Markt.
A— GOOD reFtaurar.t complete; toed payer; In
— trufaciuring center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S3) Market ft.
J3<X*v— OLD established, perfectly legitimate,
yrictly ca*h business in Oakland, clearing,
f;2» monthly; thoroussh investigation: no ex-
perience necesrary: reasons for selling, busi-
ness In Honolulu: must be sold ax once. Ad-
dreBE boi a», Call office. Oakland.
DELK'ACY and home cooking in the best part
of city: receipts $40 a day. California. Busi-
ness Association. 865 Market St.
WELL paying saloon and liquor store must be
«old m once; owner retiring. No agents. Call
t»ox ;{_,,
EALOON and grocery: best in city; northeant
a corner Ninth and Folsom ats. ; must be sold
immediately. ,
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good living rooms;
email route if desired. Box _1J. 'Call office.
S.VAP-rW- Wa( u-i • front saloon to be sold this
week. S Howard st.
FANCY dry goods business for sale; owner
retiring. 1531 Devtsade.ro St. : call bet. 12 and 1.
FOR SALE— Barber chairs and workstsnds
Apply to Tbe Oak Shaving Parlor, 111 Ellis.
1
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. "Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including eawmill. timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
If. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
SALOON, corner grocery and general merchan-
dise: horse and wagon; owner tearing coast.
139 Hearst ave.. Sunnyaide. Price $300.
FOR sale— Sljootiwr gallery; well paying: on
,-iccount of other business. Inquire 611 Pine
t-t.. after 2 p. m«. V^
EXTRA choice corner for rent for cash grocery
rtora LAVMANCE. 450 Eighth St.. Oakland.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. cor. Seventh and Folsom.
bHOKMAKER'S shop: cheap: rood location;
' <"heap rent. 17C2U Seventh St., W. Oakland.
SALOON for sale, opposite tbe ferry. Apply
111 East Bt, north of Market.
MERCHANT tailor business, well established,
.for safe cheap. \V- Polk et.
SjOQ— FOR SaJe-*An old-established corner ea-
loon. Box £415. Call office.
MAN with 1300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box :i33. CalL
' RESTACRANT for sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. 6CS Howard St.. near First.
FOR rent— Hotel in 6an Miguel,- CaL- -WM.
VON VOES. 6» Lyon et.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH . 27, 1901.
11
/^%i Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i?T'!!' i^i*l |1 ISfl4 lorth^ rr.:itm'-tit <.f ITiv.it*
m| i)L > 'ft!jy DiHfsixw l^>«t il*iiM'iid. l>*M;iiv «r
JgfK.'ftJ.^^il^Ji'lK.^n • wearing mi hod? Anil min I ai <l
rje/A-'fViftTri^kin UU«-.-.s2s. Tlip Doctorcureswl.rn
r ?*fiK7-"W*' ; *« nth *' r8 ' ;lil - '' rv hlln - ''harpvs low.
7^ifc»£r&>Ci 3 «'tire« |runrnulr<-d. C:>llnr wril*
I>r. J. 1*. til UiiO.N , ft>au l-'ruuviscv. C*l.
'•12-30. 1:43, «3:30. 4:3l». S:5O u. rn. ...
! KXTItA TRIPS", on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday* nt 6:45 or.U 10:20 p. m.
I bUNUAYS-fi:20. # S:00. •10:w) •11:43 a. m.,
•1:40. '2:13. 4:4.'.. ?£'.20 b. m.
I Ti-alns markeil »•) start from fan Qutntln.
FKOM MILL VALLF.VTO SAX VltANCISCO.
WEKK'JWTF- 5:4S. 6:43. 7:ii. »:3u u. m..
12:Sr>< ?:l0. S-»>. *:?4. 5:20 p. m. . . . . ¦
EXTRA TRIPS 1 on MonJays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10::0 p. m.
S SUNDAYS- S:t5.i 10:00 a. ra.. l?:05. 2:13.- J:M.
! 6:CO. t:45 1-. m. . ' .
THHOUnil TRAINS.
C:33? a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
ttatlun?.. '
1:43 n. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
elation*. • \ > --
I ¦ d:CO a. m. Sundaya — Tomales and war
- «tatlor" )
HORTH PACIFIC CGAST RAILROAD.
Via SkMsalllo F«rry.'
Comia»n:ir.?; »epteail>er SO. ' 1300. --
p-rM hAN F1-.A-NC1SCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND JJAN RAFAKL.
'WEEK I>AY«— b:35. ¦' V:15. 11:'J(» a. m.. •1:43.
-•15 4W»J&:15. *S:li. 6:40 p. n..
'e'KTRA .TKIPS— For Mill Valley and San
I Rafael on Monday A We;ln«sJa>» antl aatur-
<lavs nt-9:00 and ll:S5 |>- m.'
SUNDAYS- *S:00. MO'-WO. '11:30 a. m.. »l:li
3:15, U:i5. «:30. 9:C0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK l)AYS-5:». «S:30. 7:4i. »:3« ». _-.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thomas F. Don-
Ion, lot 3, block B. Getz Addition to Laksvlew;
$10. B •.--: . --•;¦¦ •
II. G. Platt to C. J. Clark, lot on NE line
of Cotter street. 400 NW of Mission," NW; 25
by NE 100. block 6. Academy Tract; ?45O.
¦ William F. and Hannah C. Wilson to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San : Francisco '(a - re-
ligious corporation sole), lot IS, block B, Park
Hill Homestead; J15C0.
William Knabe to Frank Telchmonn. lot on
N' line of Pine street. • 110 W of Franklin. W
27:6 by N 137:6; $5000. . :¦ •• . • : .
. Joseph antl Caroline F. Nash to Rose Latz
(wlfp of Felix), lot: nn NE corner of Jnckson
and Walnut streets, N 127:8U by E 27:6; $43C0.
Felix Lata'to.Rose Latz. same; grift.
Mntlldv Farber' to James W.. r Coleman and
A. P.-Magrane, lot on N ! line of Clay street.
137:6 W of Spruce. W 27:6. by N 127:SVi:'*10. '
State of California (by Joseph H." Kcott. Tax
Collector,' property assessed to*J. Watklns.fc
wife) to Ju<lah Boas. lot on N line of O'Farreli
street. 2* 9 :C -W of Rteiner, W ;22 by N S2'.O
(Hamilton Sauare); ?312. ¦ ¦ ¦- . . ¦¦ ¦ ,
Jules F; Hancock to Victor A. Hancock, un-
divided cne-thlrd Interest In lot.cn E line of
Hardy street, 1C0 8 of Sixteenth, S 28 by E 75:
juOO.- -. • ¦-. '¦ ¦' ¦'¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦'< "•'¦¦• •*"¦• ' ; ' ¦ ¦¦ '
" Joseph and Mary Band (by John- Lackmann."
Sheriff)' to J.';.T.? Rauer. lot on"E line of .Va-
lenc'a street, SO ; S ot Eighteenth, Q 25 by, 13
SO; $S7."4 :*' : .'¦¦'¦ ¦'-¦.'¦¦..^- : ;. . ¦> i . \ -i—--
Josrph Naphtaly. . David Frcldenrlch and
Charles ' L- K - Ackerman w vs. Stefano, . Jlccomo,.
Rosa" and • Stefano Rovegno second. • and J. J. !
Rauer (by S.'P. Middleton, J.v-E. Blen and
Edward Isaac*. refere«>) : to Hector B. Zam-
be'.ll, lot. on S. line of- Fifteenth street. 175 W
of. Sharon.-. W $% Inches. SW 39:G. S 74:1. K
30:9,* N 1C0: also ldt on SE line - of Market
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
3 2$ id! at OBBG®
We are particular to, see that our
customers are not inconvenienced
or put out by delays or delivery of
orders. 'v^,\
Every order is delivered at once
and our workmen accompany it and
immediately lay your carpets, lino-
leums or mattings— they are quick,
experienced workmen— do not lose
a minute in covering your floor.
They do their work thorouRhly
and lay our exclusive goods in a
manner that shows them oft to the
best advantage. #
215-217 Sutter St.. above . Kearny.
;,' ;- ; SPECIAL NOTICES. ,
WANTED— Fruit growfis to try : Florida Pest
Preventative; guaranteed to prevent scale or
otlier parasites from intestlng any fruit tree;
an injection is made in the trunk of the tree
: and the upward movement of the sap Impreg-
nates the entire j tree, thus j making the tree
obnoxious to all parasites: one box by mall
postpaid, sufficient to proof 50 .trees, jl; one
proofing lasts 6 yeais; reference,' First Na-
tional Bank. Jacksonville. Fla. : Merchants'
National Bank. Council Bluffs, Iowa. Agents
wanted. Address FlOJida Pest Preventative
Co.. Great Northern, Larimer st., Denver,
Colo. ;
FILES— PETER FREILING'S nlle salve. Jl p«r
box; warranted to cure all oases of bleeding,
Itching, external, Internal ¦ or protruding:
piles -without fail, no matter of how long,
standing. 1628 Devlsaderost., near Sutter.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— IA-
dleg during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
.BAD tenants ejected fbr U; collections mad?;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OcT3A^C < l!Tliii^^
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
- Notice is hereby given' that at a meeting of
the board of directors of said company, held
on the 19th day of February, 1901, an assess-
ment of ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able Immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation. No. 317 Market St.. In th«?
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
Any t cock upon which this ari?ssme:»t shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March. 1901.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is mad?
before wlU be sold on Thursday,- the 11th day
of.Anrll; 1901, to pay the delinquent' assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising atod
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors. K. H. SHELDOR,
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary, 327 Market St.. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
Ifornla. ¦ v
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND Notice.— To' the shareholdera^of In-
dependent Red Men's Hall Association: In
the last regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors a dividend was declared of 25 cents per
share, payable orr the 2Sth of March, at 8
o'clock p. m., in Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush
street. . C. G. B.VLSDORF, President.
B. A. SAMMANN. Secretary.
NOTICE TO THK PUBLIC:
The Stanley Aerial Navigation Company beg
to inform the stockholders and the public
that, owing to the advances . made in the
construction of the airship now nvarlng com-
pletion on the grounds opposite the Baker-st.
entrance to Golden Gate Park, shares of
stock have increased to $20. per share.
J. A. BORN. CHARLES STANLEY.
¦ , Secretary. President."
MA.RBIAGE LICENSES.
.The followlnp: marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: l ¦' '-
Edward Jones. 23. LaytonvlIIe, and Annie
Brady, 21, Laytonville. : . •
Ernest W. Steele, 23. 322 Rltch street, and
Mamie S. Tlaw. 24. 322. Rltch street.
Edward Kretzschmar, 31, Alameda, and Liz-
zie Hill, 27, Alameda.-'-.-
Abo L. Kutner, 2<» 1101 Octavia street, and
Florence Abrahams, 24, 2100 California street.
Walter J. Haserty, 23. Sacramento, and
Luclla Goenel. 19. Kacramento. '
, Herman Ooetjen, 27. • 1024- Bush street, and
Maria Moench. 23. 1C24 Bush street.
Reinult k Koff. 30, 410 'Harrison street, and
Matilda Human, 25. 26>i Klssllng etreet.
Pascjuale VJeuali. 24. 6 Bartlett street, and
Itowle Delfratl. 17. ?23 Vallejo strect. t
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, man-lace and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name' and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. 7
GREENBERG-In this city, March; 12. 1901. to
the wife of Charles Greenberg of New What-
com. Wash. , a son. - '
MABRTED.
BERO-AASGAARD— In this city! March 23.
1901. by the Rev. A. H. Lange, OI© Berg and
Sophie AHFcaanl.
COX— PHILLIPS— In this city, March 26, 1S01,
at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Bertran Cox and
Alice Lillian Phillips, both of San Francisco.
KINC5— MILLER— ln this city. March 25. 1901,
at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. S. -I). ¦ HutsinDiller, Cornelius E.
King and Lottie Miller,, both of San Fran-
cisco. ...
DIED..
Anderson. John - McCarte. Wm. J. *
Delano. Hunan B: McDonald. -Thos. G.
¦ Kawcett.-Kotoert TS: "McGurrln. Jane
Fttzpatrlck. Daniel "•Mclsaac; Wm. G. '
Oallagher, Mrs. Julia'' Overly, Harry H. .
Gilmore. Patrick ' Pontac, Pierre
Goldstein, . Juliva P. Reese, Andrew >
Goncalves, Anita M. Rlley, Kd ward
'' Greffe.- Josephine • Rlley. .William
¦ Griffins. Catherine V. Roberts, James R.
• Gunning, Clara F. : Ropcke, Helmuth F.
Harrison, Calvin V. Sandow, Gsorse ¦
HennesBey,- James • 'Telfer. Anna E.
Holland,: Elizabeth .AVahler, Clara ' "S
Kelley, Marparet Walsh, Arabella j
Kewell, ChaVle3 •
ANDERSON— In this • city", March 26, 1901,
¦ Jchn, beloved husband of Bertha Anderson,
and father of Sophie and Annie Anderson, a
.fiatlve of Sweden, aged 47 years. ~—
DELANO— In this i'-.-city, March 24. 1901, Susan
B., beloved .wife of L. T. Delano, mother of
John P. Hartt 'and Leland Delano, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. James G. Allison, and sis-
ter of Mrs. L. Rudolph. Mrs. J. M. Daily
and Robert Allison,, a native of California,
aged 40 years. • * •
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-\
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11. o'clock, from her late
residence. 2613 Nineteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
FAWCETT— In Berkeley, March 25, 1901. Rob-
ert Edwin, beloved son of George . H. and
Emily G. Fawcett. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 9 months and 12 days.
Ey Friends and acquaintance r are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the home of
his parents. 1121% Filbert street, between
Leavenworth and • Hyde. Interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
FITZPATRICK— In the City and County Hos-
pital, March 26, 1501, Daniel Fltzpatrlck, a
..native of Ireland, aged 31 years.
GALLAGHER— In this city. March 28, 1901,
Mrs. Julia A. Gallagher, a native of Jeffer-
son City, Mo.
GILMOP.E— In this city, March 26, 1901, Pat-
rick, dearly ' beloved and only ajn of Maria
¦ and the late Thomas Gilmore, and beloved
brother of Mrs. R. C. Munro, Mrs. E. W.
Haushy. Mrs. J. S. Forrest and Mrs. J. T»
Cullen. a- native of County Gaiway, Ireland,
aged S8 years. :
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, March 20, 1901.
" Julius P. Goldstein, a native of New York
City. ¦
CJTFuneral and Interment strictly private.
GONCALVES— In this city, March 26, > 1901,
Anita May, darling baby of 'Manuel and
Grace Goncalves. a native of San Francisco,
aged r. months and 28 days.
GREFFE— In this city. March 24. 1901, Joseph-
ine GrefTe, beloved wife of Charles Greffe,
mother of Eugene Paulme, mother-in-law of
Jull* Paulme, and grandmother of Etienne,
Marie and Juliette Paulme, a native of
France.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, irom . the parlors
¦ of J. S. Godeau, 303 MontKomery avenue. .
GrtlPFlNS— In Saticoy, Ventura County.
March 26, 1901, Catherine V. Farlsh, beloved
wife of Evan Griffins, ' daughter of' Mrs. 1
Elisabeth Wells Farlsh, and sister of Mrs
. Edward T. Morris, a native of Oakland, aged'
; 29. years. . -. tV* -.,
"GTFuneral services to-morrow (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Albert tirown.
4CS Thirteenth street, near Broadway; Oak-
land.- Interment private. Mountain View
• Cemetery. -. • .
GUNNING— In this city, March 25. 1901, ciara
F., beloved , wife of Michael 8. Gunning
mother of Raymond, Gladys and Claire Gun-
nine, daughter of '. the late Michael and
Elizabeth O'Rourke.' and sister of Thomas,
Mamie and Teany O'Rourke and Mrs. Joseph
D. Bertram; a native of San Francisco aged
26 years. : . '
CSP Friends- and acquaintances are rAspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
re-ldence, 1O13V6 Folsom" street, thence to' St.
Patrick's Church, - where a requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦ soul, at .9:30 o'clock. "'Interment Holy Cross
- Cemetery. - *
1 HARRISON— In Nome, Alaska, December 2,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL'P. DONOVAN. Mer .
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER.-J.
. io Fifth, st..; opposite Lincoln School.
'. ,:;Telephon«. South 80..::; ¦
I Alc'AUO.Y^-& CO.. • B
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3. I
H '1X39 Market st.': between Sth and 9th. 1
P , Telephone South 247. -.: I
"'UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
..'= .' tl and 19 Fifth st/'-TeL .Fouth" 167. -'!' , j
i UNtllAL DIRECTOR J ''AH 3 EMBALMS* 5. • 1
Fin«-5t Koiilr.mT.t it -Moderate 'Rates. ', I
!^" -. =_g
r ,, "jArtiES mcGlNN: v I
Has opened Funeral Parlors at- 214 Eddy I
st.V'bet; Taylor and -Jones. .Tel. South 376 1
HKMEMHErt 214 Eddy «t. Is on the right- I
1-and side of the street' going from. Market. "
omens axd stohes to let. '
VEUT Bne larse etore Rnd ba.sement; 999 Va-
lencia ft., near Twenty-flrst; key next floor.
K. G. DKXMSTOy. '.« Mission et.
l-'OIt fine oJIicea and ttores call at 12J Mason
tt. : rent roa^onable: aiso a :cw rooms ault-
*Ule for llvins rooms.
*O Let— Prr.all etore, with living rooms. 24$;
Miw'lcn tt. ¦
— — — ___
• JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 230 Pine Bt.
UEM13KK PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE
Country correspondence solicited.
VIL lands r.tar Oil City. SI 23 per acre. Azneir^
lean Exploration Co.. Wi Call bulldlnir.
OIJL_ LA XDS FOR S ALE.
TWEXTT OR FORTY ACKES
•| jg_yj
Kern-Utver Di«rlct.
Oil en all four- adjoining forties. Land in this
«-e<~tion Is held at J30O0 an acre. A quick cash
btqrer can obtain a gf^at bargain by applying
*o J. S. EWEK,
la California St.. room 407.
PAIXTERS A\D DECORATORS.
¦\VALL paper, window shade*; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. DCS Sixth; open evenings.
KOOSIS r>ap«r«»d from $3 up; city or country.
Hannun Paint 'Jo.. 319 3d rt.: tel. Red 8521.
l'ALMISTRY.
II. JEROME roSSELU. Pcientinc^a^ml^trTlS
Taylor *t.. b«»t. <;>ary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATKXTS AXD PE\SIO>S.
ADVICE free: no charge unle«« euccessful.
CiF.r,. i>. i-AMPHKLL. I— myer. Examiner blc.
PEHSOXALS.
Eto<J<Jar(J> Celebrated Pla«ter», a positive cur*
for ell ailments of flf»h nerves or nun-
r}pf. rrepared and fcM only by MRS. X.
PTOiniAnu. main oxflo* 11S7 Geary »t., nr.
franklin; 'phone Tart 233. Hranch offlc- 151S
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References-Hor-
»^e Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IK your hair is falling or you are baM. call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. «S8 Gear» st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy it posi-
tively ruaranteed; call or «end for circular.
MARTIN LAN'GLET, return home or send
»ord : wife prostrated with Brief.
VALUABLE Information" will be given to all
pemons addicted to ttm use of cigarettes, liq-
uor., rrorr-hlne or any other drug, by MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S3S Pollt »<t.
PAXTP. fT: suits. *« T5. ORIGINAL. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. «37 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 T5. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearcy *t.. near Pine.
fT WEEKLY; suits to order from R«nuln«
Scotch, |15 up; fine dress «uit«,$20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, fli up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ?t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
nkECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Ilctel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: TOO rooms;
tic to |1 f.0 per night; J! TO to $« per week;
free "bus and naggage to and from the ferry.
¦WHITE »>nam»»l Iron beds, si.-.jrle. three-quarter
or double. JI 2.V EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 13:0-1312 Stockton et.. ;iear nroadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdreEJir.g. hair work. m»n-
Icurlne- private lessonp or class. MISS A. V.
DOVLE. 1704 Market, bet. Poik an I Van Nes*.
OOOD home op^rf for healthy boy apd girl
fcabfts. MRS. VH. FKNKE. 1416 Srh. Alameda.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 117 Montgomery Bt..
room 21: phone Bush ?KS: charges reasonable.
"XINGSLAND Art Coiors." for leather, wood
nn<l photos, at all firs'.-c!as« art ftores.
ALI> kinds of bambno farcy work to order
HORISIIIMA & CO.. I«S Ellis: tel. Red 136S.
SPRING Ftyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 10T1 Market ft, nr. Sixth.
MASQl'ERADE costumen. play books, wip^;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. T33 Mkt.
iFPERFLUOL'S hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Suiter st.
VII. LAMOTTE'S French Con Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFUEDT'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural eolcf: Jl: at all drucglsts.
riIYSICIA!kS AAD Sl'RGEO.NS.
ft imT cT^TcVDONNELL— OfflcTand refldence,
1(^14 Market et.. between Sixth and Serenth.
I=R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
tnrats oil diseases of the buman body: sea
testimonial? at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Elllg.
HEAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
REAL. ESTATE FOR SALE BY
. BALDWIN * HOWELL. .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
10 Montgomery st. - .
RS.OQO — n^nts SI6M>; I'olic-et. bueinees prop-
erty; large lot. . - •
$5000— Nice home on Pierce «t-, near Haight:
price reduced.
ISO. COO— Large corner and E houses on Sutter
at.: rent S1S60.
S4000— <"ottage, 6 rooir.* ani bath; near Wash-
ington and Brodertck rta.
JS^O— New corner borne en Twenty-third et. t
r.ear Dolores.
17300— Rents HI: lot 42x75; near Sixth and
Mission eta.
$2100— Vermont et.. near Maxiposa; cottag«
and basement.
J^OOO— Haight Bt.. near Stelner: north Bide;
sunny: two flats; bargain.
$2000 — Tehama. st.. off Third; S-etory frame
building of 2 flats: rents t20 per month.
$1500— Rents HZ 60; Sacramento et., n»*r Wal-
rut; two Cats; bargain.
JT2.600— HaJght-st. business corner; store aad
two CaXx; aJways rented: lot ZSxlOO.
121,500— Hayes et.. not far from Market; lot
37x120 to rear street: stores and flats. !
$£200— Rents $50 tO per month; four flats; haif-
block from Fourteenth and Mission sts.
JSOOO— Rents $78 B0 per month; business corner
on Church et., £1:6x100; covered with
stores; Cats above and cottage.
$J7J^-Rents $_; lot 2ixS6:6; Etelner St.: near
Turk: etore and flat.
IS500 — M&rine riew r^ldence on Lombard St.,
near Hyde; 10 icoms; lot &7:6xlJ7:6.
$1750— Church Ft., r.ear Twentieth; house of $
rooms and bath; lot 25x80; half each.
W75O— Rents ITS per month; 6 Cats on Bitch
St.; lot 49:l»»4x7S.
$1500— Two-story houee of 8 rooms and bath;
rents JJOO per year; Minna, et., near
Fifth.
*l<00— Cottage on Oorbett road, near Eight-
eenth; only $403 cash.
$C90— Buchanan et., near Vallejo; nice borne;
your own terms.
• $_50— Central a.ve.. near McAllister at., cot-
tage of S rooms nnd bath.
BARGAIN.
$TK5— Star.yaa-«t. lot; euitable for flats.
$550— EliiaJseth et.; fine balding lot; worth
$760.
$7000— Thre« Cats; Flllmor* st., near Oak;
rents $720; lot 25x110.
moo— Banks et. ; cottage of < rooms and bath.
$5000— Baker et., near fine; bouse of I rooms
end bath.
$4D00— Querr ero st.. near Twenty-second; two
flats: rents $33.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery tt.
$13.600 RENTS 11230
Th— « tew flats, Lear Jackson and Larkln
ets.; a gpl«ndld Investment; eee this at once,
owner compelled to sell; cost over $1J,000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BEAimrCX. BUILDING LOTS
At Reasonable Prices
On Easy Terms. ,
Level building lots m H st. and Nineteenth
ave. boulevard; frontlay Golden Gate Park; a
prand garden at your ficnt door; an ideal 20th-
century home location: Eddy-st. electric cars
parsing the property; lets level and ready, for
bu'.l&ing; streets on ofiicial grade and macad-
emlzed; plenk e'.dewalks; gas. water and mall
6ervioe: if you intend to build and have not
sufficient money at present we will advance to
you for thai purpose; lake, a trip out and see
tlie neat, new and pretty homes built and being
built on this property. Our branch office for
your convenience and where you can obtain all
further information and a horse and buggy
v.-jth attendant -at your dlFpoeal, at the corner
of-H *t. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
. Park; open. every dav. Sundays and holidays:
don't <May. but int€-r«^t yourself in a home lot
et enre. Smail lirst payment, balance }10 per
month, interest 6 p»r cent on deferred pay-
ments.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ALL-Gctrjine liargalns ln This Lint.
, Apply A. M. FPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
H4"0— A coxy home: only half cash.
S1SZO— Tt. o rpJendid fiats; rented $23; near r
g;*tli **.
tz:<jl>— Fevcn rooms, hath: Hyde tt.: bargain.
Sn2C0— Three nice Cots; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission »ts. : pays 10 per cent.
%-~M>— Corner 40x90. with good 10-room house-
Hyde rt. : cost tll.COO.
JTTiO— PpleniilU investment; near Van Ness
ivp.: rcn'->i $S1; all rented.
SsCCO— §5usinffs property; Ninth et., near Mis-
r-i n: ronts J-:."..
*IS.£0G — Leavecworth et.: recta 1105; lot 65-
fr<« front.
fH.'KIO— Three -elegant f.ais; rests fUO; all
n-ntcd: hslf cash: rauet selL
JU.OCO— Fine Jackson-tt. residence. 14 rooms.
I bathe: strictly modem: must eell.
114.000— Three elegart flats; rented for tUO;
fv.pll locality.
$70.000— Butter et-; grand corner; £7:6 front;
rents $15.".
$2$ 000 — Iluplness property of 4 stores *nd 8
flfct*': rents HiO.
* fSS.CCO— MlsK'.cn-rt. corner: 17?xl60: actually
\rorth fiS.OOO: rauet «ell at once.
, *40.COO — Corner; Oolden Gate ave.; 137:Gxl37:6:
trrtv $2<9
Ji."..<yx^ — Grand corner: CO-foot fr»nt: few
Urdn from Orpheum: rays C per cent -net.
fTT-.C.**— *";rand corner: €0-focl front; within
bldrfc <»f TrroJI: old Improvements; rents $100.
• •".her barrain".
Aoulv A. il. fcl'ECK & CO., CC7 Market st.
l^'lmi^ Sanborn.
IssWtSBriiJI Oencral Aeer.t.
v^ m " "™L".',.*I s an Francisco.
Enough business is already
in sight to make it neces-
sary to run special cars on
all the low rate days.
If you have any friends
in the East who are talking
of coming West, give us
their names — we'll Icok
them up and see, that they
get SPECIAL attention.
day in March and April.
Our General Passenger
Agent at Omaha advises us
that" thousands' of Eastern
people will take advantage
of the cheap rates to Cali-
fornia in effect everv Tues-
BAIXWAY TRAVEL.
NCtttTI. KIIJI |-A«'I_»I«: « OH I'* ."XT.
(FACirU: itiHTKM.I
Train- If*** ¦»••.! mr» .!..«- •.. »rrl. - *k
?iA.N FlltMi'lMO.
(U_;n Line, fooi of Hark.t otreet)
LIATI — From IIakcii II. 1X1. — »rjut»
?:««« Martliie/, S_ni::iriiiii.V»lleJo. Napa,
L'ali*t<>g»»ml.SauU Uosa ff:23y
~:8Oa Benid*. euisuii, Khnin. Vac-ril!*, '
Kuiusry »n<l nacntinetito ...... 9>33>>
* * :3'»a Ihtvia. Woodland. Kuf.hti Lauding.
Mwjstille. «nri»Ul«_ 7iSl»
7t3O» Atlantic Kipres9— (>gden and K_«t 1 3:3.1 p
(Hutu Ni[»», LiYeraiortr, Tracy, Latkropt
Stockton ?:31»
•:8»A Sh*at» Express— D* via, Willis m* ('ot
llartlett Springs). Willows. Red
Bluff, l*urtI-»'-. 7:3Sr
Si3O* Ban JiMe, Mi«nnorr, .Stock t.m,
J"iie, Sacr-mriiiii. t PUeervilla,
MiirrMllle. l.'hlcj. Ke.l MlulT 4:23-
MiSO* r>_kil-l-. CbineM. Sonora. Carters... -li!Mp
• ><m»a llaj-r-r<l». Nil,* -tut Wa> ttt-tiona. I ll3_>A
•<OUa Loa Acge'.es Express — Martinez,
Tracy, l.»l_rn|i. Mtockton, Merced
Kretno and Lei A-gt>?eS 7i3.1p
•:3b* V_II.-J... Martluti. aim \V_» Htiilon* S>:-Vip
IUiooi Thn Uteri-mi Mun'ml— OgJon. Den-
Ter, Uiuitha. Cblcacn fliSSr
1I:OOa >'ili-3, Stockton, .•>-er»2j*nt<\ M«n-
ilot*. Fntao, llanfbrd, Vkvlla.
IVrtrrtillo litir
IIiOOa Lirrrmore. Sarg»r. Goxhsn Juno-
tion. liikcrefirlil. Loa Aogdra
tliftOr »»cr.u»u.iit«» l:trer.Sl««uicr« _.. f3:«0A
3:iM»i- Uenicia, Winters, Haciam««o,
UiHiainiid. Knlklit* Uudiug.
'.l.rj'inliSr. <>r.»lll« l«:nS»
3i««F llajwanln. Nil's ami Waf .Stations. O:33p
4:n«r Mwiiuw, • Hki> l:«u...... Valivju.
Ma|«,* «.'»li»t«K». s»ii|» RaM Uia.1t.
H:OOpSut>rt Llni't.1, El Ptso, X;w
Or'.eatii and Kjet. «I1:33a
«:OOrTli4 Onl l.imlte.1— Tracy, hi-min.
HakenllaM. Maneua fur bauta l:a»-
b«r», !..» Au3'la> • Ilifi**
4:»np Hkywatds. Nlin. nml San .!<¦«• t*'-' t 9*
6:0" r New Orl-inj Cxpreaa-IUk»nH>^M.
Sm\U lUtUra. l.i» Ann- Im. IVm.
I"K. Kl 1'aso. Now o.;.*i. a ami
Kaat 7 33a
O:«<»r Niles. Llfomore, Siofkwai Livki ... IO>.1>a
. H:Wiip llajffHrtlH. N;leiiaiid>S»*i Jua<- <.S5«
fOiOOr VhIIi-Jii lli.%3%
ti-.onr Oriental Mail - Os-len. Chciviioe.
Uutalia. UiiiciS'- I3:2tf
• :OOp Ori'ji.lal Mail— Og.len. Deuver.
Onwha. Cliiciso .. 4:21p
":<)(»r <iri');<iii «nl iViii'nriiU I'.iyftr*, v»r-
MwaU Jl»ri.u!!f, I.V.I.IIiik.
¦¦.,.tl...,.l. r»~« s<> I ..i.l K. H i 9t.1.1*
R:»rSM l'.Vo. rWi C.-t.. aiirtiii-i
am] «Va» Utotku lt:.V1«
f ;01r Vail-),. <»~»»f
lOAsr lllTlHlOl CSarrnti «i«u K r).
<»'.mt«.r M.'lt.t Strw-t.<
»:!.¦>» N«~ark.Onttm«lll«v>iaai Jomw VrMnn,
Itouti^ert.'rveii.SiuilaL'ruxaml V.'.ty
NUU...H «j2i»»
fSiISp Newark, I r«i.ler»i:i.-. S«» .!•««, N-vr
.Alnm.trn. K-U1..1. I!,. 11 Mar llnwk.
Sai.U « n.% an.l |-rlncl|>al Wai
H'hMohii fl»i.-li»4
4il.1i- Neirark, S»» J.w<\ i.cf Ci'm S:Ai»4
a9:H0p Hunters' Kiftuniao. San Joaa ami
Wiy'tiVnin t7i'K>p
CREEK ROUTE PERRY.
frcniso rjtmcisuo— r««; «r xsru *t str»»M^,»S)-
t7:15 9.00 ll:C0».U. 113 353 3:X5' •).
rrsaOilUlO— U*\ •• Br«»4it»j.— 1« 00 t^.'JO t3.0S
lUOO.il. 1253 2J3 t^Ir.M.
I1>AST niTIMO.\ 1 Uroa.l (i.-iMRr).
(llilr.l ¦i.dTouinef,.! Sti )
ftiilOA <)<»<aii Viow. rt.xil.ii m^ii Krai>ci«c».. IfciUap
V.DDtSan Jn-f awl Wuf .Su.ti..n» (Novr
AI.ii*<1«i> tVe,lii«~.l»)*,>nlr) !:::¦»»
UiOi>ASiin .limit, Trt* 1'inn*, - Nxnla 4 'rn*, -
¦ I'm-iiio 1 Jno'f. IU»> Ki.li.fjt. San
l.nia Ol.i.i..., 1i1.1t. I.ou-.itic ami
1'riiici|ml War MUU»i« 4slnp
• •»: l«A 8s» .lose ami War stations «•»«
IliaWjt >.iiii .lime :n,.l Way Sti»i.i«ii« SifSOf
t'Jil5p.S,.ii Mar ... I:.m1«mv1, Mci.Li PirV.
l'»'n Alto. Nan t» Clara. Han .)«•«.
Tre« linos. S»nt» «:rin, Salinas,
MoiiM-iry »...! ra.llifi Ur.iTe 1101:114
fS>»npSaa Josaaml \\*y .Stations ?l3«*r
flxl»r San.IiHcan.1 Principal Way .Stations U: I.'m
fSsUOpSan Joi<-. Los flatos and Principal
w»j sutiom fnio«»4
3:3»r SaaJosa an.l l>r(ne<r>al U'iy .Stations »iJ-"»4
•tSOr San .)(«« »n.l Wa» .Stations t*:«»*
¦ ll;-|.'»f San ,l»s>-aii.l \\'»t SUtlons *;30f
A lor Muniiiiff. 1' fur Afternoon,
t u .u.<U» eim<|>t«d. I fiuiiday oal|L
t Mondiya VTedaestUys, Fr 1 J.i rs. -
c Tanad^ys, Thurjdijm, SamlATS.
« Saturday on)& —
" •-¥¦-•,.¦
CALIFORNIA MRTWESTEHil BT. COL
T_jT_SSHI3 )
SAfl FRANCISCO AND WtBTH PAG1HS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Sv
Km Fmn-isco • > f>-»n PnV 1
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.; U:3i. 3 :W.
1:10. 6:33 p. m. Thundaya— Extra trip at 11:1*
P. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:50 — t4
11:30 p. m.
ST1NDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:30. ..iB.
6:00. «:20 i>. m.
V.EEK DATS- «:10. 7:£0. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 12:ii.
S:tO. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i:±i
and (:3S p. m.
£UNDAYS-S:10. l:«t U:l» *. m.; 1:49, 2.H.
E:0S. -6:2S p. m.
Between i-an Francisco and ScfcueUen Park.
him achedula ci above.
Leave J In Effect I Arr}v«
Ean Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1900-1 San Francl-co.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- J Wee*
Days. I day-. I Destination. I day*. \ Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am l:(i)>n
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0_ pjn 10:13 am
6:10 pm 5:C0 pin Santa Rosa. 7:_3 pm »:« pi»
. FtltOB.
;:3C am Windsor. 10:2i aia
lle_!t!sbur«.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:20 rm S.COam Cloverdale. 7:35 pm *:2? pra
T-3!) ami I HoplanJ j I
• I S:0Oam! and ITkiah. [ T:.T> ptnl t:TI pm
7:30 am I H):-i am
8:00 ami Guercerllle. 7:33 pra
S:3Dpm 1 *:K pm
7-30 ami 8:00 ami Scnoma -I 9:15 ami SMO ana
I- an ''
5:10 cm 6:00 pmf Glen Kllen. I «:«3 pm| «:2I pra
7:30 ami »:0O am' 110:40 amil0:IS art»
5:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. _ I 7:K pm| 6:2* pin
Stages connect at S*nta Ho?a for Mark We»t
5prlriKs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultaa
for Altrurla: at Lyttcn for Lytton Spring-; at
»:*y»*rvtUe for Skasgs Springs: «t CloverJai*
for the Geyser-; at Moplanrt for Dunran
Ssprtng-. Highland Springs. KeIs»yTriUe. Car'^-
bud Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-port and Ran If a
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprlr.g*. Saratoga
Ptrinss. Blue Lake*. Latirel D«U IjiWe. W!tc«r
£prlns». Upper I.akf . 1'ono. Potter Valley,
John Day'*. Riverside. I.Urley'- Bucktiell s.
Hanhednn Height*. Hullville. Orr* Hot Spring..
Mendoclno CJty. Fort Brasjr. .Westport. I'wi.
Wllletts. Ijiytonvllle. Cummlnxa. t!clt» Sprlnga.
Harris Olsens. Dyer. Sc-ot'.u and Kurek^.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets a: re-
duced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all po:nta
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. ¦
Ticket office. 63> Market St.. Chronic!* hull.i-
im. n. x. ryan.
. II. C. WHITrNG. Cen. I™. A«t
Gen. Manager^ >
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.' Vii SxuuUt j Ferry — lout of Market St. .
¦*»tc£l^-WJ-K_ DAYS.- .„.( gj*
4:ul )•. m. ) Stay over ulghtut the taykioi (Hk w. a.m.
fi-.ni a. M.I " f l:*ir._i.
!??*£&[ — -Sundays..... ;|;s;;t
l-arc -wn FrancKo to Summit -ml Hettim. }l.4tf.
Ticket Offices. S'_l Market St.. »fe r>»Tisj«iiio KV*n-.
is the time ?
you leave 3
SAN FRANCISCO |
for Chicago %
on the H
California Limited |
the great tra!n o
on the «
BERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE AlJ ESTATE.
J12.C0O; COST J30.COO; one of the finest places In
Uerkeley; rxounde comprised of shrubbery and
orchard which cost $6000 to set out, and
where the most delicate flowers will grow
the year around; this place must be sold on
account of death.' XV. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin .station, Berkeley, and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
$13C(P-$100 CASH, balance $15 per month: new
5-room cottage, bath and brick foundation:
all sewered;, on sunny side of etreet; only
1'i blocks to cars; same as rent and own
your own home. W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorln station, and. Schmidt block, Berkeley,
Cal. . :
.OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
"OFFICE — 1118 N BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
'j223 — LOT In- Lorln: COO ft. from- station on
Berkeley local, giving a hnlf-hour service to
Ban Francisco same time to city as from 7th ;
and Broadway. Oakland: this lot must be
sold. A. J. SNYDER." 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$S000— A MAGNIFICENT home on . Telegraph
ave.: 8 rooms and bath; modern; lot 50x125.'
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
A BANKER'S home, 8 rooms, grandly situated;
half, block magnificent grounds; $17.C0O ex-
pended; price ISOOO: must sell quick; going to
Europe. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., ]
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland. _^ j
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer.. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKTLETT', 369 (Mission warm belt)— 2 rooms,
kitchen & bath; furn. hkpg.; small garden.
CLEMENTINA. 246—3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. '
EDDY. 939 — 2 large irewly papered rooms; thor-
oughly clean; regular kitchen; no children.
FOLSOM, 83$— Sunny housekeeping room; stove,
closet, bath; private; tl 50 week. ¦
FRANKLIN.. 21 (The Newport)— Housekeeping
rms.: running water, gas; phone Howard 2472.
HOWARD. 823—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable. • .
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; als? larger room, $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1663^4—2 sunny connecting, comfort-
ably furn. hkpg. rms. ; run. water; |8 per mo.
3 TO 8 elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, use of l piano; phone;
garden; nl?o rurroundlngs; reasonable. 129
Liberty st.. Guerrero-st. cars.
MCALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave. — 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $10.
MISSION, 1738— Sunny front suite rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; coal
range: bath: private; S12.
NOE, 153—3 connecting rm8. completely furn.;
kitchen, coal range, pink, bath, yard; $16.
OAK 119 — 3 sunny rooms furnished for house-
keeping, front; stove, closet; storage; $10.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room, $8; sunny rm. & kitchen complete, $12.
SIXTH. 641— Front and back parlor for house-
keeping, $10: single rooms. $4.
TITRK. 612—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; unfurnished rooms.
VAN NESS. 232— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; other furn. rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements 'and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubecrlptiona has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
ARGYLE. The. McAllister sti. corner Larkln—
Just opened; everything new and. modern;
two and four room suites*, with or without
baths; all outside, sunny rooms; inspection
Is now Invited day or evening; references.
' ROOMS ¦¦ . TO LET.
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished,. unfurnished 1 , with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. K Kearny St.. tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In clly; polite attend-
ance; large rooms: modern conveniences:
rooms 50c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
Kc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
1 llghf housekeeping rooms: optn all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. lS«)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1084, near Leavenworth— Elegant suite
of rooms for gentleman only.
CALIFORNIA, 724— Choice rooms; reasonable
rent. . . '
CALIFORNIA. 1327-Sunny single, double and
housekeeping roorra from $6 up.
EDDY. 872 — New elegantly furnished rooms, en
suite or single; see them; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
'single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. 363, near 6th and Market— Furnished
room, $4 a month; large rocm, 2 beds, $3.
LARKIN, 707, nr. Ellis — Newly furnished sunny
front room. $6; private family ln small fly.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished: $11. ¦
MARKET, 1032— Changed hands; nice sunny
double rooms, {1 25 up.
MARKET. 1O43A (The Robinson)-Nlcely fur-
nlehed suites or single; rates reasonable
Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: > bath.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MOSS. 244, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms'
good yard and water: rent $9.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
¦ furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
POST, 943— A nicely furnished alcove, bay-win-
dow room; running w.ater.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor;, rooms, per night, 35c to $160; week, $2 to
$8; month, $S to $30: elevator. on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25o to^ll; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SIXTH. 242— Nicely furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
STOCKTON, 707— Single room, suitable for two
young ladles ln business during the day; use
of piano.
TWELFTH, 238G— Elegantly furnished front
and back parlors; grand piano; pas, bath; ln
private family; references.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth St., nr.
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121— Furnished front room, $3 50
month. ..
THE BERLIN, 23S Kearny— Elegant suites;
. single rooms; running water; transient.
A BRANCH office for Call ad\-erti«ements and
subscriptions has been established at io»6
Valencia Bt.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD. - - '. -
IF you 'are looking for a boarding place, and
like French cooking, try 642 Geary st. You
will thoroughly enjoy yourself, meet gocu
people, and get the best meals ln the clt/
at moderate price?. Desirable rooms for a
llmitid number. Come and try a dinner fl
6 p. m. and you will go away happy.
AT the; old " Stevenson mansion, opp, Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a mert exceptionally good table, at-
tntctlve and sightly rooms ,at modest rates.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds 1 bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tecd. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, fold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Dlack 1124, 205 4th.'
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needle- ani
_ shuttles; reduced rati*8. 143 Kth: phone Mint C.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS.
SHOW card*, window ' tickets. , posters. : DES-
/MOND..1170 Marketer. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
PlEnCE-RODOlIpirStorago^ami T Moving -Co^
- office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.,
UEKINS Van and Storage Co..: 722 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.- . .
PACIFIC' Ktoraue and Furniture *Movln_r Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore tt.; phone Jackson 251.
GOLDKN WEST Storage Warehouse.'' MO ' Mis-
sU>n Bt.: tel. Mint 1S?1. F..W. ZEHFUSS." .
__^rVl»KWRITEnS" AM) SUri'LIES.
GREAT BAUG A INlTlN~ T YFE^VRITERS^Ve'
sol) Letter machines for, less money than. any
house In the city; rentals. *3. The Typ»-wrlte-
Eschanffe. 5CG California; telephone - Main 266.
RE A L ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market street
Bargains. '
Snaps.
• Foreclosures. •
Estates.
All Must Be Sold.
All Must Be Sold.
TUESDAY. 0 Ap"'ll 9, 190L
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 63S Market at.
STEUART-STREET INVESTMENT— No. "!3
Steuart st., near Market; this is one of the
finest and Eafest investments in the city to-
day. It Is situate within a A ew feet of the
new ferry building. adjolnlng,&larket st.. in the
heart of the commercial district of San Frai'-
cisco. The present Improvements coneisj ot
store and flat; rents |S6 CO.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION— No. S221 Pa-
cific ave., near Buchanan st. This magnificent
home, situated In the most aristocratic resi-
dence section of San Francisco and surrounded
by elegant and costly residences, will be sold
absolutely to highest bidder, notwithstanding
the fact that the property opposite sold last
week for $500 per front foot. Elegant, mode.-n
ln detail: 9 rooms, bath, laundry, wlneroom,
etc. Lot 30x117, back to rear street.
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS PROPER-
TY— West side Valencia street. D5 north of
ISth: also north side ISth St.. 100 feet west of I
Valencia; 2 fine business lots, 25x100 each on
Valencia street, the natural continuation of
Market and the main business street of the
Mission: large lot, 35:6x130 feet; elegant sltd
for flats or residence. •
ELEOANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE— No. 2514 Pine st.. near Pierce; one of
the most desirable residence sections of the
Westorn Addition: bltumlnixed streets; conven-
ient to several car lines; , beautiful residences
on every side: this elegant residence of 11
rooms and bath, attic, basement, stable and
driwway is situated on the sunny side of the
etreet and if built so as to admit sun and light
ln every room; rents 1600 per annum; large lot.
42:44 feet front by 137:6 feet; bank mortgage
10000 can remain or can arrange payments.
FIRST-STREET INVESTMENT— No. 365
First *t., near Folsom; lot 25xS7:S feet, with L
20x00 feet; well built hous«.of 8 rooms and bath:
rents $27 50. and cot tape of 3 rooms, rents $9;
total rents f3S 50.
''.\' ' '.' •
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE—No.
1C27 Hayes St.. near Lyon; only one block from
ili« beautiful Park Panhandle; large elegant
modern residence of 9 rooms and bath an 1
basement. Modern and up to date ln all de-
tails HayeB-gtreet cars pass; bltumlnlzed
street- cement walk: 25x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT-No.
254 and 254V4 Perry St., near Fifth; tenement
property of this kind pays larger Interest than
built modern building of 6 flats of 4 fooms each.
Always rented for $52 per month; lot 32:6x60 ft.
MISSION CORNER FLATS, northeast corner
— Nos. 1335 and 1337 Vermont and 25th St.: two
new corner flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath and
ten-foot brick basement, porcelain bath, tiled
mantels, porcelain sinks with tiling: every
modern improvement; rents J30: one-half block
from Mission and Howard street care; lot 25x
100 feet.
. JCo 1765 23d St., near Chattanooga— Forced
Fale; well-built bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath in the famous Mission Warm Belt;
only a few steps from Mission and Twenty-
second rt. cars; lot 25x90 feet.
ALABAMA-STREET COTTAGE— No. 1664
Alabama St.. near 27th: story and half house ~f
S rooms; rent $8; lot 26x110 feet.
DASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street
EASTON. ELPRIDGE, & CO..
OS Market etreet
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
J40. 000— 100x123 ft.; covered by stores, flats,
residences, etc. ; pays J3100 per annum;
rreatest bargain offered to-day.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION CORNER
FLATS.
$27,500—5 new modern flats on the best corner
cf the Western Addition; rented low
. .. 42100. - . .. - . . . . . . r .
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE. .
t?,000— Elegant modern residence, 10 rooms and
bath; block from Panhandle; make
offer.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
16,000—2 flats. S and 6 rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; near Hayes and
Lyon sts.; 25x112:6.
SNAP-J5730.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
J3,T£0 — 3 elegant modern fiats, 5-5-6 rooms and
bath; rents fG3t> per annum; 10 minutes
from Market and Kearny; street bltu*
rnlnized; cement walk.
., PARK rAKHANDLE RESIDENCE.
{5,000— Elegant modern residence; 9 rooms and
bath;' few feet from Panhandle; can
arrange any terms desired.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. .
$3,000— I modern -flats of S rooms and bath
each: sunnv aide; near Lacuna; 25x
127:6; forced sale.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
13,000— On any terms; owner compelled to sell;
cozy home of 7 rooms aad bath; mod-
ern and up-to-date ln detail; near' Van
Ness ave.
J300 CASH— BALANCE AS RENT.
NO INTEREST.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN HOME.
$2,000— 5 rooms and bath; porcelain bath; tile
mantels: dome c«!llngs;- fine gas fix-
tures; £5x100; can one block. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO..
63S Market st.
ONLY $1000 each— A splendid purchase because
they are *o cheap and offered at such a fear-
ful sacrifice; Just 3 left: $2500 was offered and
refused for each lot; they are . well located
on the north or sunny side of Point Lobos
ave, that grand avenue of San Francisco.
Jurt west from' Elchth ave. I loaned $1000
on each of those lots; size 25x100. Just think
of the money you will make by buying one of
these lots; easy terms. W. J. GUNN £30
California st '
$:co-LOT 25x100; easy terms: Sprlngr Valley
water: 4 rooms and bath cottage, {1350; 24th
and Wisconsin; only 4 minutes' walk to 28th-
«t elec. care. RIVER3 BROS.. 227 Mont'gy.
STORE and 4 rooms, flat of 6 rooms: 119 Point
Lobos ave.; 30:Cx*5 feet; price $2000. Address
C. W. PRATT. Ean Rafael P. O. box 421.
MODERN rot tares and flats built; reasonable ;
plans furniihed. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder; office 1823 Market st. -"_
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. C3Q. California.
FOR sale— S lets and Imp.; J1000 cash or long
time. Address bflx 2511. Call office.
SMALL residence for sale: suitable for man
end wife or two ladies. 704 Polk ft.
IK you have lott to wll north of th* Park,
then call on W. J. G1*NN. 631 California st.
nEAI, ESTATE—-COLXTKY — For Sal*
J5000— 25 ACRES; 12 In peach.- pear and prune
trees; 1 acres good potato or corn ground • «
acres hay ground: 6-room house, bath; wind-
mill and tank: barn for 10 head of ttock*
rood outbutldlncs: 4 miles from Napa City'
Address Owner. P. O. box 16?. Napa, Cal.
M, GRIFFIN, 71J Market St.. by Call bldf.
eells hotels, lodging houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed lists of farms' and city property.
FOR sale or rent— S28 acres nr. coal mine: oil
belt: suitable cattle, boss, bees St chicken"
C. E. CARTER. Bradley. Monterey Co., Cal.
VrITE J~W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper for mailing. Si per year.
MILL. VALLEY UEAI, ESTATE.
FOR cale at a bargain— A cottage ln best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful nurroundlntrt.:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANN. 218 Sacramento «t.
IlEAI, ESTATE • WAXTEa
WANTED— V/1'.bln 100 miles of San Francisco*
improved farms; price not to exceed J5000; we
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7
Mark -t rt.. Pan Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AND 110X110.: •
HANDSOMELY refurnished. rooms: board first
cIses. :i01 Central ave., Alameda.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
March 29. at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 126'Laneton street, thence to, St. Jo-
seph's Cliurch, Tenth street, where a. re-
quiem hljrh mass will be celebrated for the
reposa of her sml, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. *
C7"FrIends and aceualntancra are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
C42 Oak street, thence to^ Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for v the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at S» o'clock. . Interment private.
WAHLER— Clara Wahler, beloved eipter of
Mrs. William M. Slater of Han Francisco
and Henrv J. Wahler, a native of Gllroy,
aged 29 years and 11 months.
WALSH— In this city, March 16. 1901. Arabella,
beloved wife of the late William Walsh, lov-
ing mother of William C, George J., John
and the late May .Walsh, sister of Charles
a.nd Edward Brown, and mother-in-law of
Mrs. W. C. Walsh (nee Greggalns), a native
of Sydney, N.S.W., ased 56 years 3 months
and 28 days. •
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from his late residence. 762 Clayton
street, betwes^- Waller and Frederick/- 1 In-
terment Odd 1-Vilows' Cemetery.
TELFER— In this city. March 25. 1301. Anna
— Elizabeth. . beloved wife- of William Telfer.
and mother of William. Frank. Richard and
Robert .Telfer, ;Mrs. I. Koch and Mm. George
Cavanagh, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years
and 11 months.-
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
•fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro.v
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his, late resi-
dence, 1311 Dupont street, thence to Eln-
tr'acht Hall, Twelfth street, near Folsom.
where services will be held 'under the aus-
pices of Ve,reln Elntracht. Interment Odd
Fellows' . Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SANDOW— Near Randsburn. Kern County,
Cal., March 23, 1901. George, beloved husband
of Dora Engel Sandow (nee Warnecke). and
father of Gesrge A.. Ida and Harry Lovell
Sandow, and brother of Mrs. Theo. Wag-
ner and Frank H. Eandow, a native of Ber-
lin. Germany, aged 45 years.
CTFrlends and accuaintancts are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesdav), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Oodeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
REESE— In this city, March 26. 1901, Andrew,
beloved son of the late Oqorge and Catherine
Rees<.\ and brother of Ctttrles. Henry, Alex-
ander, Kitty. Minnie and Julia Reese, a na-
tive of Santa Clara, aged -29 years 5 months
and 5 days.
CT" Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Broa.. 31 Eddy street.
RILEY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 25. ' 1901.' Edward Rlley. a native of
New York, aged 52 years. . -
RILEY— In the City and County Hospital,
March 23. 1901. William Rlley. a native of
New York, aged 47 years.
ROBERTS— In Oakland. March 16. 1901. James
- H.. beloved hurband of Julia Roberts, and
father of Mrs. W. L. Watson and Mrs. I. L.
Cavasso, a native of Cornwall, England,
aged 57 years and G months.
ROPCKE— In this city. March 23. 1901, Hel-
muth F. Roocke. beloved husband of Maria
Ropcke, and beloved father of Helmuth A.
Ropcke and Mrs. Annie Raffeto, a native of
Germany, aged 52 years 4 months and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
McISAAC-In this city, March 25. 1901. Wil-
liam George, beloved &->n of William and
' Georgle. Mclsaac, a native of San Fran-lsco,
aged 13 days.
OVERLY— In Berkeley/March 25, 1901, Harry
Halbert. beloved husband of Priscilla Overly,
and father of William and Harry
Lincoln Overly, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 3S years 5 months and 28 days. ¦ ¦
PONTAC— In this city. March 24. 1901. Pierre
Pontac, a native of France, aged 63 years.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, trom his late
residence, 164 South Park, thence to St.
Rose's Church,-. Brannan street, between
Fourth and, Fifth, where a solemn requiem
.high mass will be 'celebrated for the repose
of his soxtl, • commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy * jCrcss Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city. March 26. *¦ 1901.
Thomas George, dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Annie E. McDonald, and brother of
Jennie.t Edith M. and Robert J. McDonald,
aged 4 years 11 months and 24 days.
McGURRIN-In -Bay View. March 25. 1901.
Jane McGurrin. dearly beloved wife of James
M=Gurrln, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years
and G months.
(T^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2047 Mission street, near Sixteenth.
Intermsnt Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please
omit llowers.
McCARTE— In this city, March 23. 1S01. Wil-
liam J., eldest son of Daniel and Mary Mc-
Carte, and brother of Mary, Sarah, Daniel,
Alexander, John J., Hugh. Archie. Charles
and Arthur McCarte'.- a native of Ireland.
E^Frienda and acauaintancea a*e respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue, Friday, March 23. 1901, at 2 o'clock,
thence to , Holy Cross ; Church, Eddy street.
. between Scott and Devlsadero. for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains
will be at the above parlors Thursday even-
-In^r. March 28.
KF.LLEY-In New York City, March 17, 1331,
Marearet, beloved wife of the late Simon
Kelley, sister of William Osemen, and grand-
mother of Blanche M. and Ida E." Jones, a
- native of Enzland. aged 65 years. ¦
KEWELL — In this city, March -16. 1901,
Charles, beloved husband of Hester Kewell,
and father of Charles H.. Frederick W. and
Kmelle W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie J. Fran-
cis, a native of London. England, aged 71
years 4 months and 29 days.
ETFrlends and acauaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of . Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thenoe -to St. Patrick's Church, ¦ Mission
street, for services at ¦ 2 o'clock.
HOLLAND-In Vancouver. B. C. March 21.
1301, Elizabeth, beloved, wife of - Alexander
Holland, and beloved sister of Mrs. Margaret
Reeves, Mrs. James E. Brltt and Arthur and
the late John Cronin, a native of Washing-
ton. D. C. . ; , --,. .,.;.-v ...
1900. " Calvin ' Vail, son .-of, James V. Jr. and
. ' Helen - Harrison, aged : 1 year 'and ¦ 7 , months.
¦ (Seattle papers please copy.)
HENNESSEY-In- this city.' March 28, 1901.
'James.- beloved husband 'of Nellie 'Hennessey
(nee Shoebrldjce), and brother of John. Nel-
lie, Albert. Timothy ¦ and William Henrai-
ecy and Mrs.- Agnes Seike, a native of San
; Francisco. ':
Louis L. Bondelli (owner) with John B.
Relte (contractor), architects Rousssau Jk Son
-rAll work fr>r a one-st#ry nnd basement fram<»
cottage en N line of Lizzie street, ]C8:3 E of
Mission nnd 122:9 E'of San Jise avenue, E
27:3 by N 70; $12C0.
Builders' Contracts.
S. P, and Flora A. Morrill to J. H. T. Wat-
klnson, all interest in lots "£. 27 and 29. map of
Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
James and Grace H. Ty*on (his wife), GeorRo
H. and Elizabeth C. Tyson <h!» wife) to
Charles Nelson Ocmoany (corporation) of San
Francisco, lot on SW corner of Clinton avenue
and Walnut' street. W 44 by S 120. block 1>.
Bellevue Tract, Alameda; also let on SE cor-
nrr of Clinton avenue and Walnut street. E
49:6 by S 120. block C. same. Alameda: also lot
on SE corner of Clinton avenue and Cedar
street. E 43 by S 120, block B, same. Alameda;
J10.CCO.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Harry W. Mil-
ler, lot 27. block D. Map of Andrew Jones' sub-
division of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn Town-
ship; fZCO.
W. F. and Effle L. Kroll to George K. Hollo-
way, al! interest ln lots 1. 2 and 3. block 4 of
Map of Central Park, at Alcatraz Station,
Berkeley; $JCO. . *
¦ John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Emily John-
son, lots 12 and 13. block 23, Shattuck Tract,
Map' 6, Berkeley: S1CC0.
Laura B. Roe (as trustee for Clara Rice) to
H. B. Belden, all interest in lot on E comer of
Seventh avenue and East Nineteenth street. NE
75 by SE 130, block US. Clinton. East Oakland:
»ioco. ¦
H. B. and Ru»le u Belden to Ira M. Condit,
same, Eaet Oakland; {15C0.
Sarah A. McKee (widow) to Charlotte H. Van
Der V«nrt (wife of H: W.). all Interest ln lot
on W line of Grove street. 124 S of Fifty-nintu
street, formerly Mariposa street. S 42 by W 120.
being lot 15, block 6, McKee Tract. Oakland;
t:oco.
Marguerite M. Hunt to Johanna Herbst (wife
of Henry), lot 24. block G. Golden Gate Tract,
quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
Ellen Burdet to Daniel J. O'Connell. lot on
S line of Randall street. 98 E of Chenery. E 13
by S 126. block 13. Falrmount; J4C0.
Joseph and Ana Luttrlnser to James Mo-
Kenna. lot on NW line of Mission street. 50 SW
of Harrington, SW 50 by NW 100. Academy
Tract; J1C0O.
Samuel J. Shelper to Henry E. Blanchet Jr..
lot on SE line 'of Pragrue street. 250 SW of
Brazil avenue.- SAV 100 by SE 100. block 93.
Excelsior Homestead; $5C0.
Mary E. Whltfleld to Gustav A. Holzberger,
lot 2«2. Spring Valley Homestead; $100.
Leen acd Veronica di Nola to Frank J.
Merfchen. lot on E line of Forty-first avenue,
175 S of S street. S 73 by E 120; J3C0.
Elvlnza A. Hutchineon to Ettle A. Greene,
let on NE corner of D street and Thirty-sev-
enth avenue. E 32:6 by X ICO; JoOO.
Harry r>. M. Cobb to David Cobb. lot on
N line of C street, 57 W of Fifteenth avenue.
W 23. NW 121:2. NE 23. SE 1*1:3; $iC0.
Frederick E. and Bell' M. Mascee (his wife)
and Thomas J. and Kstellc W. H. Maeee (his
wifr) to Charles It. Bishop, lot on W corner
of Second and Silver streets. NW 70. SW 00.
SE 47, NE 30. SE 23. NE 60; »C0O.
. Frederick C. and Marie Marwede and Adel-
punde F. Plachte to Carl S. Marwede, undi-
vided three-quarters of undivided one-half of
lot on sw corner of Kearny anil California
streets. W 41 by S 63:3; J21.000. ¦
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder to Doug-
las S. Watson. -same, subject to life estate of
150 per month in favor of Ellen Magrulre; $S6.C00.
Patrick William Rlordan to Mary E. von
Schroeder (wife of J. H-). lot on E line of
Montgomery street, 42 S of Sacramento. S
SS:3^ by E 68:9. and all interest in adjolnlns
party walls; $40,060. \
• Estate of Maria Irving (by James Irvlns. ad-
ministrator) to William H. and Annie E.
Rellly, lot on W line oi Kureka street. 2C0 S
of Twentieth. S BO by W 130; J2CC0.
James Irving to same, same, quitclaim deed;
t3. - -
John D.. Kllzabeth W.. Frederick W.. Helen
L.. George P. and Melita I. Tallant. Elisabeth
T. Brlce <wlfe of John J.) and Anne T. Tubbs
(wife of Austin C.) to Alexander Boyd, lot on
NE corner ot California and Battery streets,
N 62 by E 53:?: $133,0CO.
Mary A. RIordan to Margaret E. Rlordan. lot
on E line of Diamond utreet, 210 S of Twenty-
first. S 50 by E 123; rift.
' John --AN Ross to Mary L. Slocum. let en N
line of Twenty-fourth street. 152:8 W of San-
ches. W 50:11 by N 114: also lot on SW comer
of Twenty-second and Sanchez streets, S 76:6
by W 105: S50C0.
street. 33:6 SW of Fifteenth. S 74:4. W 2.8%,
M 68:9%. XK 9:1',4; »400O.
RAIL-WAT TRAVIL
Sjanta Fe
Trains~Dasiy.
Lpare Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd I Orrl'd j i<oml
Dally. Dally- 1 Dally. ll'»allv.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:C8 p 4:?o j>
Ar.' Stockton. 10:!5 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:21 p
" Merced .. i::2J p 1:17 p 1:13 a
•• Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:i> p 3:05 a
11 Hanford- 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Vi?alia : 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4J a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 i> l;«3 a ........
'• Hksfleld «:50 p r.:;o p 7:so a ...
" Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago I.. 2:1j pj 9:00 p ¦¦......
a for mornlnjr. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying P»lac# »leeplnir Cnrs and l"»lnlnsr
Card through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accomrr.odatlcn of, local
first class passenjrer*. Xo secon'l clasn
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
letpondinsr train arrives at 3:53 p. m. datl.r.
4:20 p. rn. in Stockton I/ocal. Corrc<ipond-
inR train arrives at 11:03 a. m. dally.
¦ S:CO p. m. Is the Ov»rland Kxpres*. wlft
through Palace and Tourut Sleeper? and
free Recllnln* Chair Car. al»o I'alac«
Sleeper which cuts out 'at Fresno. Vorre-
tpcndln'^ train nrrives at 5:.V> p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is KakersfleM .Lock I. stopping
at all noli 11 ' ln Fan . Joaquln A'alley. Corr«-
tpondlnK train arrive* at S:40 n. m. dally.
Offices— 6-11 Maiket street and In Kerr/
Depot. San Francisco: iiU Broadway. Oak-
land.HUGH TEVIS, THE MILLIONAIRE, WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO MISS
CORNELIA McGHEE BAXTER. A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG WOMAN OF
; DENVER. WAS ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY; V:"- v;<K
The Children's Hospital will be the ben
eficiary of a lecture to be delivered on
April 8 by'W. M. Bunker. The subject
upon which he will speakis "The Real Si
beria." It will be illustrated by views
taken by the lecturer.
To Aid the Children's Hospital.
In the Divorce' Court.
Henrietta Gehrkens has been granted a
divorce from George Gehrkens on tha
ground of cruelty. Decrees of divorce
have also been granted Elsie Peterson
from Benjamin-Peterson on the ground of
cruelty: A. • H. Inwood from Rosela In
wood on the ground of cruelty, and Hat
tie M. Williams from L.M. Williams on
the ground of cruelty.
Suits for "divorce 'have been, filed by
Louisa M. Cole against Jason B. Cole for
intemperance: Elizabeth Howard against
Thomas F. Howard for- desertion: Lucy
R. Nunez against Francisco Nunez for
desertion: William J, Waggener . against
Cora E. Waggener for desertion; Irma I.
White against Franklin White for failure
to provide, and Maggie McLachan against
John McLachan for cruelty, j :
A colored soldier, who stated in the
hearing of James Milworth of Company
G. Twenty-seventh Infantry, yesterday
near the entrance to the Presidio that he
"could whip any white soldier on the
street." now regrets his rashness.. Mil
worth thought differently and proved to
his dusky opponent that there was- at
least one v« - hlte soldier was his mas
ter. The colored soldier was rescued
from . the vigorous attack of Milworth
and escorted within the military reserva
tion by Police Officers W. J. Mangan and
Phil Herring.
Not satisfied with the beating he had
received, the colored fighter hunted for
more. He secured the services of three
of his colored friends and started for Mil-,
worth. The latter was ready, backed up
by Frank Brady and Otto Harding of his
regiment, and the fight was renewed.
The appearance of the colored men and
Incipient Riot Precipitated
by Colored Trooper's
Rash Boast.
NEGRO SOLDIERS
AND WHITE CLASH
the prospect of a fight quickened the
blood of the hundreds of soldiers who
were on the street and they determined
to take a hand in the affair.
They crowded around the -fighting white
men and negroes and the.- police, officers
were in difficulties in the twinkling of an
eye. With cries of "Lynch them!" they
surged around the fighting men. The ef
forts of the officers • were of no avail.
They were determined to get their hands
on the colored men.
Police Sergeant Campbell, seeing that
mere talk would not control the soldiers
ordered his small force, to draw their
pistols, and surround thejlghters. The
sight of the weapons in tne hands of the
police had a quieting effect. - The mob
melted away and the officers then took
the negroes inside the Presidio gate and
spent the rest of the afternoon preventing
the soldiers from gathering in crowds. .
The question of w;iges and a desire to
pet rid of an objectionable overseer nam<?d
Todd seem to be the grievances of the
men who arc now out on strike at the
Union Iron Works. The men are de
tormined also that the present plan of
employing apprentices shall be changed,
that Tcdd must go and other minor dlf
lercnces be arranged before they will re
fcume work.
In these contentions th'y have the moral
support, it is claimed, of their fellow
workmen, but so far the strike has only
alfected the men engaged in the ship
fittir-g department. But that it may
spread further is not denied by other em
ployes. \
One of the great objections made is to
the apprentice clause in the contracts that
those entering the works are compelled
to sign
"It savors of the cid system." said one
cf the passed apprentices yesterday. "For
instance, a boy signs for $3 per week for
the first year. He *s penalized 5 cents for
a half-day on Saturday, although he may
work the full timo>. and really receives
only $2 S5 for his WK-k's pay. Then in his
second year, when he is entitled to $4 per
week, a proportionate deduction is mad*,
and soon through all the years of his ap
prenticeship. But even after he has ful
filled the terms of Ult> agreement and is
qualified to do a. man's work he is denied
the opportunity. Tod-l hires" men and puts
them at any occupation he sees fit, finally
displacing the young men who have en
deavored to learn tn;ir business."
Such, in brief, was ine opinion expressed
t-y a representative d the striking fitters
at a meeting held last night. Each em
ploye seemed confident that the strike
would extend further and embrace other
lines of^tradc. Out at the works every
thing v.ws quiet and no one was interfere!
with, although later an attempt may be
made to prevent "scabs" from taking the
jobs of the men who have voluntarily
walked out.
Under the apprentice system the re
quirement is that each one shall work 3000
hours per year. Failure to complete the
full Quota of time assigned means a de
duction in pay. To break up this system
and knock out the "handy man," or help
er, seems to be the object of the strikers.
At their meeting last night many fiery
speeches were made and many resolutions
passed. It was definitely decided that
none will return to work until all griev
ances are settled and every effort will be
made to call out other branches of trade.
A meeting was also held in the Potrero
Opera-house during the afternoon. It was
addressed by a representative of the ship
hands, the men who run the shears,
planes and drills, and all agreed that if it
v.cre necessary they would stand with the
ttrtkers.
The committee appointed to meet Su
perintendent John T. Scott reported that
after two meetings with him they were
unable to reach an agreement. He in
formed them that they could return to
their work under the same conditions as
before, but that he would not discharge
any cf the so-called "handy men." against
whoiri so much objection was raised. A
fctcond meetins was held and Scott is re
ported to have said:
"Well, boys, your money is ready for
you if you want it and whenever you
want it."
The incident closed when the strikers
informed him that no further parley
would bo had with him and that if be
dtsired to call the men back he would
have to send for the committee.
Something over 1003 men. It is said, are
affected b;- the strike. Owfng to the de
lay over ax> riveters and 150 rivet boys are
out cf employment. The blacksmiths can
rot work if the litters do not keep them
supplied with v,-ork. The threat that the
work on two cruisers may be sent to other
yards does not seem to bother the men.
as they claim that Congressional require
ments demand that they shall be built on
this coast.
If all other means fail, it is the inten
tion of the strikers to endeavor to call out
nil olher workers in the Union Iron Works
and precipitate the impending strike out
lined in The Call on Monday.
Yf tt UGH TEVIS is to wed Miss Cor
1—41 nelia McGhee Baxter. The en-
I I gagement was announced yes-
JJL JX terday afternoon and caused
quite a flutter over the Lenten
tea cups» The wedding is to take place ln j
the near future, probably during Easter
week. The betrothal of Mr. Tevis and
Miss Baxter is the closing: chapter of a 5
pretty romance. Only a little more than
a month ago the couple met at Monterey,
where the lady had come from her home
in Denver to recuperate after an attack
of pneumonia. It was a case of love at
.first sight— at least on the gentleman's
part.
Miss Baxter, the fair bride-to-be, is a
Denver belle. She is the eldest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. George White Baxter,
prominent socially In Wyoming. Colorado
and in Tennessee, where the family origi
nally came from. Miss Baxter i sonly 13
years old, but has achieved a reputation
as a beauty, not only in her own State
and in the East, but in Europe as we'l.
She was educated in New York and at
the Sacred Heart Convent in Paris. She
is personally very attractive. She is tall,
willowy and blonde, and in addition
has all the charm and grace that refine
ment and education alone can give.
Although the acquaintance of Mr. Tevla .
and his fiancee dates back only a few'
weeks, the Baxter family and Mr. Tevia
have known each other for several yeaib.
Mr. and Mrs. Baxter have come for the
last three years to this coast to -escape
the rigors of the Denver winter and thj
acquaintance of Mr. Tevis. ' which was
made during their first visit here, has
been renewed with pleasure on- each sub
sequent occasion. .
When the Baxters , first left their Ten
nessee-home they . wetit to ' Wyomlns,
where Mr. Baxter engaged in ranching.
Eight years ago he was elected Governor
of Wyoming and after' his term of office
expired, he decided to retire from com
mercial and political life and with ..his
family make his home in Denver. It. was"
in this city that his daughter made her
I social debut last November.
Hugh Tevis, the groom-to-be, is the . i
youngest son of the late L.loyd Tevis and
a brother of Dr. Harry' Tevis and Will B.
xevis. He was formerly a member of the
oil firm of Coburn, Tevis & Co.. but re
cently sold his interest to the Whittiers
and since then has not been engaged in
business. About eight years ago Mr. Tevis
was married to Alice Boalt, the beautiful
daughter of Judge Boalt. After a brief
! period of happy married life the younjj
wife passed away, leaving a little daugh
ter to be loved and cired for.
At present Mr. Tevis is having a mag
nificent home constructed at Monterey.
He Is the fortunate possessor • of a fin
city residence and also has an elegant
place at Bakersfield. His young bride nil
therefore have elegant homes for all sea
sons, where she will be able to dispense
the splendid hospfcality for which the
Tevises aro famous and for which the
! Baxters ar# equally noted.
Claim That All Employes of
the Union Iron Works
Will Walk Out.
Foreman Todd and the Apprentice
System as "Well as Wages Are
Causes of the Dissatis
faction.
STRIKERS FIRM
AND CONFIDENT
» . "~ ~~* ~"~ ' ¦'¦¦¦ .-'¦¦< , ¦ ¦ - : '¦"
Engagement to Miss Cornelia Baxter Is Announced.
Wedding to Take Place in Near Future.
HUGH TEVIS IS TO MARRY
A POPULAR DENVER BELLE
Grant says that I the ! Santa Fe - people
have had the subject under consideration;
but he will not admit that he has acted
as their agent. . He says that if he ser
cures the property he expects to dispose
of it to advantage, if not to the Santa :Fe
then to some one else. He points out
possible extensions of the road, either
across to Walnut Creek, up the San-Ra
mon Valley, thence into the Llvermore
Valley, with possible connection with, the
Corral Hollow: road; or out by Clayton
Canyon- to Modesto and ' on into, the
mountains; or on to Bay Point and New
York •'• Landing, across the San Joaquln
and. up towards. Dlxon. With these pos
sibilities he regards" the property a? val
uable, whether, the Santa .Fe wants; it
or not. "
Captain . A. H. - Payson, ¦ vice president
of the Santa Fe,- says that as far as -his
knowledge goes, there has been.no nego
tiation on the part, of his. company.* to
secure ' the' California and Nevada .Rail
road property. He looks upon -Grant's
investment as a private venture, though,
as he states, he do':s not know what as
surances may have been given- to .Grant
by President Ripley. ..•..•"..;
A committee representing . the . commer
cial bodies of Oakland .was appointed. in
November, 1899. to devise ways and means
to induce the Santa Fe to enter Oakland,
and it is now preparing to reportUo the
City* Council. M.". J. * Keller, representing
the Board of Trade, said yesterday that
the committee had had many conferences
with the 'Santa Fe officials ; and .", knew
that important transactions awaited • the>
termination of this litigation.
Santa Fe's Opportunity.
. The foreclosure ouit now pending was
brought by the Central -Trust Company
of New York for tlu bondholders on the
ground of default In the payment of . in
terest. There can bc ; no defense estab
lished in the case and a decree is certain
in the near future uniess those who want
to prevent any transler of the property
enter other exceptions to the report- of
the master in chancery .which Is before
Judge Morrow.- ¦' ..'
If a foreclosure sale Is ordered, Grant,
as the holder of a 'large share of the
bonds, will be able to • outbid any out
sider, and he will doubtless be the pur
chaser - of •¦' the property.- The right of
way will then be ready for disposal and
the presumption is that , the Santa . Fe
will acquire it.. . ¦ .- : . . . > .\ : <
The California and Nevada; Railroad is
twenty-two miles long. It, reaches % the
bay just north of the Oakland race track,
on Fortieth street. It extends northward
to Old. San Pablo and. then doubles back
up San Pablo Creek to Bryant.' A - mile
and a half only -separates the Santa Fe
track from the line'of the California and
Nevada Railroad at Old. San Pablo. The
acquirement ol right of way for that dis
tance and the purchase- of the" narrow
guage property will let ' the , Santa *: Fe
Railroad to the bay on an equal footing
with the Southern Pacific, with- a short
ened ferry ..trip and . a terminus in • the
center of - population on - the > east • shore
of the bay. ' • • .-
Toreclosure Certain.
road , Property . Under Foreclosure ,
Decree LUxely to Easus ¦<: '
- - .- Within a Month. -
,: . r :-- ' - --. ; .-..
The streak of Iron, rust known as? the
California and Nevada .' Railroad jn J AIa>
meda and Contra Costa ; counties has;at
talned !Dew,' Importance « ln -the railroad
world by virtue of Judge MQjrow'stde
cision of Monday. If a decree', of - fora
closure . issue from the same bourt— and
one ¦ is confidently expected, within^ a
month— still further dignity will attach to
the crooked little narrow-gauge' line," for
unless i all signs fail , it will .become | the
property -of : the Santa Fe Company, af
fording -• that '* railroad a most ¦ deslrabte
Oakland terminus. : . ¦•..-,¦>;
A. A. Grant, the railroad .contractor,
who has done much construction work' for
the Santa Fe and stands close . to v the of
ficers of. that company, admits that, lje
now owns 30S of the S45 bonds of the Cali
fornia and . Nevada Railroad: Of- that
number 230 were held by Charles H. Smith,
and his title to them was cleared by Judge
Morrow's decision. A . total of 304 bonds
were concerned in the suit- brought by
Smith, but fourteen of them had been
conditionally transferred f.o relatives.
Smith entered into a contract to sell '290
bonds to Grant. Of that number 100 were
delivered. The remaining 190 were In the
possession of the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, -which '.refused to
surrender them Into Grant's possession, as
demand "had • been made for them .by C.
K. King, administrator of the estate of
J. W. Smith, father ol Charles H. Smitft,
and the original owner of the bonds.
Judge Morrow having declared Charles
H. Smithls title to these bonds valid the
bonds are. ready- for- delivery to Grant.
The latter holds eighteen bonds, which he
received. In payment for contract work on
the railroad. : ¦ ¦ ,'•" ' • r
'¦' '¦' ' ¦'¦ '.'•'' • ¦¦'"•>. !
Competing Line ' Can Secure
an; Oaklistnd Terminus v \
; if It^Wants Itv; ; ; ;
Sale of Calif oriiia and . Nevada Bail-
SANTA FE MASTER
OF THE SITUATION
. L»". & M. & Co. Just
a telegram from their branch store that
Armstrong's Portland I Business College
Just purchased eight more \ new Smith
Premier Typewriters. • . ; . ."¦• •
School Buys Typewriters.
' The' annual gymnasium carnival: of the
Young Men's Christian Association, will
take place Friday evening in the gymna
sium of the building; northeast corner- of
Mason and Ellis streets. Professor Grae
ber's banjo, mandolin and guitar club of
fifty pieces will furnish music. ¦ The ath
letic part of the programme will be under
special' management. of'M."; C' O'Brien,
physical director. . . -,"
Athletic . Carnival.
The Civil - Service Commission | reports
that William R. Hewitt cf 300S Sacramento
street and C.T. Ryland of 1323 Ellis street
are elisribles for. the appointment of chief
of the department of electricity..; Hewitt's
percentage was S3.47S and Ryland's S5.1W.
Civil Service Eligibles.
The Rev." C. ;R. Brown will'- lecture : , on
Sunday, evening at the Unltarianv church,
Franklin and Geary streets, v under , the
auspices of -the Channing Auxiliary. 'His
subject will be "The Greatest Man of the
Nineteenth Century." * , ., . -.
Channing Auxiliary lecture.
THE SAJtf FRANCISCO CALL, WEDy ESDAY, MARCH 2T, 190 1.
; Charges Against Captain Spear.
Captains ; Bolles ' and Bulger, held * an»In
quiry yesterday afternoon into" charges of
Intoxication ; on Jduty on ; January. 25
preferred against ; .Rohert Spear, master
of the ¦ quarantine - launch, by ¦ United
States Quarantine Officer John J. Kinyoun:
The complainant swore positively >. that
Captain Spear was drunk,' and the accused
swore just as'positlvely that "he '.was so
ber. The matter was taken under advise
ment V • • • .v -;
Chief Executive Collects
Facts for Returning
Soldiers.
In order that the great army of soldiers
who are scheduled to ~ bo discharged In
this city during the • spring and summer
months may not* stray too far "from the
narrow path of .virtue or be imposed upon
by the patriotic citizens, Mayor! Phelan
has prepared a pamphlet' containing in
formation for their guidance. ~ The pam
phlet will be distributed to the warriors on
their arrival here. Besides containing ad
vice and information. It calls upon the cit
izens to assist all who desire it to obtain
employment in this State. The document
reads as follows: ;CV
I hereby Inform the public that a large num
ber of our soldiers have been and will be
discharged in San Francisco during the spring
and summer months. As these worthy men
have a particular claim upon the considera
tion of our citizens we may properly warn
and advise them in order that . they may suf
fer no injury while In the city. We may, per
haps, help them at the same time to employ
ment in civil life and possibly encourage them
to become residents of California. Let all citi
zens co-operate in this work.
WARNING.
. First — Avoid all scheming strangers who by
confidence garnet and' devices endeavor to se
cure your money. ¦•';« r »-», *v;-
Second— Do not ¦. go"< about the city with all
your money in your possession. Deposit It in
any of the follwlong savings banks, where it
will yield. Interest or - from : which it can be
drawn at any time without I notice in small or
large amounts. ..A soldier, can thus carry with
him each day only what he'. requires for that
day. " ; The' banks . are ; open - from 9 a. m to 3
p.m.. except ' On Saturdays,-- when . they close
at : 1 p. m.- . , ¦ - - .
Savings banks— Columbus' Savings and Loan
Eociety, 614 ¦ Washington street; Columbia Bank
ing Company . Claus- -Spreckelsr building:
French Savings Bank. 534 .California street:
German Savings and Loan "Society. - 626 ; Cali
fornia street; Hlbemla. Savings, and: Loan So
ciety. Market, McAllister and Jones streets:
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society, 18 Geary
street; Mercantile Trust <¦. Company, 236 Bush
street: 'Mutual Savings Bank of San Francis
co, 33 Post street; San Francisco Savings Union.
California and- Webb'- streets; ' Savings and
Lean Society, 101 Montgomery street; Security
Savings Bank, 222 ' Montgomery ¦ street ; Union
Trust Company : of : San Francisco, Montgom
ery and Market streets. • • ' .
:;lf. you "desire employment in the city or
country apply to any • of • ¦ the following em
ployment agencies, stating, that you are a dis
charged' soldier, and *the -agency may secure
you employment. - Pay . no t fee until a place is
secured. I am Informed -that there Is a great
demand for. skilled and unskilled labor in the
countrymen farms, 1 In. oil development. In the
mines, in railroad construction, at summer
resorts r and In > other ' fields. ¦ • -¦.:." *
• i Employment - agencies— Charles R. ' Hansen.
104 . Geary;- street: - James" F. • Crosett. 316 - Sut
ter. street:: James ,F.» Crosett,. 628 Sacramento
street: Leon Andre, 316 Stockton street; Charles
F. Precht, 610 Clay street; James A. Clough,
638 Clay street;; Hotel. Gazette (W. P. Harri
son," president).* 26 * Montgomery/ street. ¦
W '; COLONISTS WANTED.-
Colonists ar? wanted ¦ in/. California,', and if
you desire to settle and purchase a small farm
there, are many, opportunities' and you can re
ceive Information >at. the headquarters of .the
California Colony Association, ' rooms 29, ;30 and
31 (fourth floor). Academy of Sciences building,
S19 . Market street, ? near Fourth. No fee?
charged. : -'. v. - - ' -* *4 ¦¦¦•. .
• The Red Crops and other organizations have
tents In the Presidio grounds. - The Free Pub
lic. Library, reading rooms : will welcome sol
diers. They, are -located as follows:
FREE ¦ LIBRARIES. ; . '•'
Main' library. '. City -' Hall. ; McAllister-street
entrance: .main 'library --newspaper-, reading
room,- City .Hall, City-Hall ; square ' entrance:
Public Library, Branch - N6:*l,i' 2664 Mission
street : .No.' 8.1 1152 -Kentucky ; street ; No. . 3. 1505
Powell. street; No. 4, 254 Fourth avenue; No. 5,
716 Harrison 'street: No.,6; 3016 Flllmore street.
•RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
' The '¦ : two terminal • the Southern
Pacific andlthe Santa 'Fez; have agencies open
on Tuesdays and ,j Fridays In; the Presidio
grounds,'; where transportation can be . pur
chased at- special reduced " rates. :¦'.
If , you ¦< desire any special . Information ad
dress California Colony Association; as above,
or Mayor's office. City Hall. Written answers
will be sent. irujutrers^ whose 'addresses •* are
Clven. r J AM ES D. PHELAN, ¦ Mayor.
MAYOR PHELAN
GIVES ADVICE
12
whiteTl'ankets
FIVE SPECIAL BARGAINS.
We^haYeVonvKand' about 365 pairs FINE
¦ r ; WHITE 'BMNKETS, beinatbe balance of our
wintef^stocfi:/ Z. And commencing MONDAY,
M^dh^25th^we-wiir offer the entire lot at
Drices-mucb^ow^H can- he
til^^rese^ 0ijaie- All these
BlanKpw^e^mafde:fpi^uS'l)U;the Golden Gate y;
. -¦-Wrote'iiSMillsi'; which ; ' ! is,a:;full guarantee for
hthefau^u^andifinish of the'gQods,
T^nWil THE PfiTHES
llyllll Hill llvlUIiUi
' " 70^irsi^win ; rE : .jBLANKETS^tnree- QQ. 7K Dnir
80 >iiairsViWHlT£' QA flfi Pair
auartep^M^slze: (extra lieayo) . — . OtiUU rail
• 60 pairs^WHITE^LANRETS, extra size CD flfl' Pair
? /.(CaHfoJaja^d^ivn-: . . .....: ...... . . OUiUU rdll
.. (AustraHp^ool).:. ...... v; v ..: OliUU Tdll
" In?conn8(^ibn;:Witli: this salelDf ! Blankets we will
offer,^; cases^WHITEVSATINr FINISH MARSEILLES
\fr- -; BEDSPREADS^riilJ- size, hemmed* and rjeadu.ror use,
at S2.OO and S2.5O each: and 15 cases extra
. auailtu'SNOWFrAKE^ COMFORTERS, printed sllkollns
;. : coyepJDff J ;SJ.;j^^each. ; ..<:; - v
11!/^I3,-I!5. 117, 119,: I2! ? POST STREET.
. ; 'Phone. Howard K521.V .'
¦"' '.'-*' lia Baylor 1 street." r
EXPERfoiJYIKpCASH 7 SELLING
SAPOLIO^v^"#""^ 5C
. - -20c; pkgr- GOLD i DUST -15c.: ' i
DIDDITT*0 SOAP powder ortn
dAddII I o^ e AR^E^^ rs « oc
25c pkgr SWIFTts'pOWp^R- *i*7c.
Ofl I nO Cream' Laundry. (16 ounce). OC« :
NIJAro 11 bars 7QR
UUrtl W "Corona" or "Best." : three r uu
brands to- select from.-- Hig-hest quality
made. . Our, price- lowest^ever- told.-.
' 100 tt>s WASHING SODA • 8Sc
O1TQIID Snider" 8 -l'6r ' O o 1 d |r)i A
LA I oUr Medal. larg* bottle.... \ /* R
uniuul Made from fresh ripe Jt 2«
tomatoes. --16 cases on sale. ,: - - '.
WE GUARANTEE TALL WE SELL.
I 1 1 U 1 1 1-V geat > grown, • ; 12Hc ; lb. ' f U U
" . : w regular.- ¦ • - -* . •
5c PRUNES.^XTRA'NICE, 10 POUNDS
.'. " .-.•:.- -25c. ¦-. ". ¦
OftllD 17 varieties assorted/.4 tins.. flC»
liULIr^ ddzen on sale. Ander- /HE
OUUI Bon's; Van Camp's or Camp- • t V u
- ••¦ - bell's.'- „•:-• ¦-¦- j\
COLUMBIA 5 SALMON," 3 TINS 25c.
ABAL0NEipMS«i ; «t5c
•. '- ' Limit 8 tins. -
BEST DRIED APPLES, pound , 5c.'
Tri Green, Black or Mixed, pound OF.
I rfl No prizes— just . good. . pure/nG
1 *- n Teaat half crice; p • r uw
SEND ORDERS EARLY AS POSSIBLE.
JESSE|M0pRE^^65|
lo west* cut price. -r — — - - * ? -
"HUB", SUGAR CORN, 4 Una - 25c.
Oil in Oil "W.es son Is'.'-:' for. on a
Sfll All IJIL cooKlngr. ¦ Quart- tin .. ,/||C
OHUttU. u i 1 -. indorsed' by 7 Mrs. 8. tUU
T. • Rorcr. •. Reg. - 30c. % Purely -vegetable.
Used ln;place;of lard/orjbutter.v
DHTTCD Point Reyes, or Hum- OH A
BUTTER -5?^issffifer-^t29C
V- < . ;. / : dally. v . "-V"-/:" -'.*••- -: -. : ;; . ]
eDR. PIERGES ELECTRIC BELT|
America Ahead of the World tn Electrical Inven- ¦
tions! Everybody • knows thU!- Oar new Body-'
Battery, (U. S. Pa tent) !• i «rictly an- American,
• lnventton-T Ilk Belt of the Cestory.. I» (ends a,
! powerful, rerenlhla corrent ttrongh the human ,
body fr«n.llM4 (• F«ot,-;curta« Chronic and.
! X f rroas Diwaiet . and Weakness oi Male or Jnnal« .
. as If by Magir. » 8»_po»lUTe are we that no other •
.beltisfijeeqoilot- ' T I>r. Pierce'*," that we win send <
«lt o.V approval tor comparison wtth any belt
• now sold la America, ** Seeing tt BelleTlng." • -; ,
I "¦ V OTB.-W« I'lwrer «end belts "6n Trial,? there-'
.fore tn ordering "Dr. Plerce't" no rUk is run of'
¦ eontractlng » kin IHmuc or other Disorders by ' '
• using an appliance ¦ bt«t1*«1»- worm - »y_ «t f*r
• prison*. C»U, OT mil 9c stamp L*2JSSS.» l i?^JS t > '
So.*." Addren: FIBIICK KLErTRICCO., ,
1 1145 Broartwar. (near 2Sttr St.) New York, . F
I Or 620 ¦ Market Street, : San Francisco, i
ask cHicHirrcR't tnoutH
Pehhyroy^ljills
> <("EjSk . tn CHICHLESTJEK'S k KS GLLSH
frm&MfSk la B£O u1 G»ld «M**ai« boxe«. MttM
"W —^fifj »tU> b!a« ribbon. Tske >• «taer. TUfa*t
Tn •* *3 !>•»«•*•¦• SaktUtaUMS aad Istit*.
¦ {'/.: (g ti««a. ¦ B«J at j»or 0ra«f1»t. or msi! 4e. is
•i I C • jf:»umm» «>r Ptrtlnlun, Tartlm>UU
- P tir,11^.1O,(H«T» l l».«^l. S.M»J
-/. «I1 DttjjlMi. C-»U»«t*»CliB«la.lC«_
Katiw mim»; .Mail— Hnw.rniu, trS
¦-V ! :.f?.lA/^'IVVHlESS.V '
K0T1BT. T 0BM3 /A»9 *TT0»ll*rfAr.t4Tr. r ¦
Tenth Vnoor/RoonV; 1015,' Ciaui- Spreckeli'Bldj.
• ....-« Telephone Brown-331. • *•- .-
¦i" Kesldence,*8a"CaUforn!a;St./.below;PoweU. ;
t ,;*-.-•¦ -. San Francisco.". ¦¦--:• ... ; - ¦ •- "
Weekly rear,
DS.1W0HS.WOO TEA AND ESSB BAlTIIASItrx.
784-768 CLAY gTBMT. -
San Francisco, Dec 21, 1900.
llttijfDn ' To all whom It may concern:
T^^m In December, 1S99. I was taken
' R £ J * IcIc wlth Black Typhoid Fever.
fZJj 7 the most virulent type known
iC JL - ¦ to medical science. Z bad hem-
_jStna\. orrhages. both nasal and lntes-
jJ&'fwtt tlnal, eight of the latter occur-
'WnTiiMtR Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician, - was called. - and with one dose of hi«
tea stopped , tb« flow of blood, thereby savins
my life, as. I had- been given up by my white
physician.: as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wons Woo"s
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all, fevers.'-. Although I was confined to
my, bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation ln six months from the time I went to
bed, 1 and now I welsh 202 pounds, more, than I
had ever attained previously. I would 'cheer-
fully recommend Dr. "Wong Woo to any one in
need of ¦ a ' flrst-rtass physician for any caus*
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden
Gate ave., San Francisco. Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pamiana Bitters
IS A .GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor; and ¦ Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for. the Sexual Organ* for both sexes.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and 'Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
,-NABER. AUFS & BRUNE, -¦ Agents.
• 123 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DDTTCU17C for barbers, sax.
.Dn U u nil u^ boo i* > , I * ck ;- *•«>-
• **. -v- - houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbtnders. candy-makers, canners.
dyers, ~ flourmills. foundries, laundries, papar-
nanners. printers, painters, shoe factories, •ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, ; tanners tailors, etc
C . . BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento S*
•. P. ROSCOE McXULTY. 31. D.
28 y t Kearny St.. San Franci»co;Csl-
DR.MCNULTY..
nrffiswxLL-xrfowTT asdrkuable old
.1 Specialist cure* Blood Po(son,fionorrnce:\,G!e<>t,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impou>nc» aad their,
¦llled Disorder!. Boole on Diseaaes of Men. free.
OTert0years>xpe rience. Terms reasonable. Hour*.
9to3da]Iy;8:30to3.3)eT'Es. Snnd3T«.10to 12. Onr.ul-
tatlon tree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
Inren-
i TRe
Furniture and Carpet
: - t ; HOUSE.
;iWHBN SELECTING
>. FURNITURE
you want- what. Is well made, and win
' be durable as well as handsome in d*-
. sign and ns-to-date QDholsterlnr. We
do not deal ln furnlrure that was Just
made to sell, but that will l&ep up our
1 reputation for the highest standard of
¦ excellence ln ¦ this line for durability
and beauty combined. Our new parlor
and ¦ bedroom are beauties.
It 'will pay you to call and examine
our new stock of household .. roods —
¦ everything' marked ln plain figures; 10%
off for cash— CASH OR CREDIT.
KRA6EN FURNITURE CO.,
: 1015-1017 Market St.
At this season the housekeeper must look spe-
cially after the baking powder.
As she cannot make good cake with bad eggs, no
more can she make cake that is light, delicious arid
dainty with inferior baking powder.
Royal Baking Powder is indispensable for the
preparation of the finest food. It imparts that pe-.
t culiar lightness, sweetness and flavor noticed in the
finest cake, biscuit, doughnuts, crusts, etc., which
expert bakers say is unobtainable by the use of any
other leavening agent.
ICodflf h, \cll
|aiiqiH0ii,T£
Halirittei^ jfs
B can be frlesd W^A \v^
II successively in KA W
WESSON H v^
ODORLESS I a
j, degree bf ; the flavor. "1 -' I
, : of the other. '; It can . /:. X ',
be i used "again and ; (f- r ¦ jA* , *
£ again until; the last . - y^KOSIs\
drop does its appetiz- gWrn
friendly grocer for KB '
Wesson's Cooking BB '^O^k
ADVERTISEMENTS.