Sunday Call
Women and Children's Section
Special Features You Cannot Afford to Miss
Page 19 DO YOU KNOW WHO SHE IS?— "THE RED AND WHITE WOMAN." HAVE YOU MET HER? Page 19
Page 20 DID YOU EVER SEE AN X-RAY OF A CHINESE WOMAN'S FOOT? IT WILL INTEREST YOU Page 20
Page 13 THE SECRET OF ENTIRELY AND PERMANENTLY CHANGING YOUR FACE IN SEVEN DAYS Page 13
Page 7... „ JEWELS THAT THERE IS NOT MONEY ENOUGH IN THE WORLD TO BUY Page 7
Pages 4-5.... LOOK ON THESE MOST BEAUTIFUL OPERA CLOAKS IN SAN FRANCISCO— LATEST STYLES Pages 4-5
Page 2. .....MR5. BURTON KINGSLAND HAS SOMETHING TO SAY ABOUT CHAPERONS Page 2
Page 15 THE PATHETIC ROMANCE OF MOLLY DEXTER— ALASKA'S "GOOD ANGEL" Page 15
Page 18 .A TRIP TO THE MAMMOTH POOL AND HEADWATERS OF THE SAN JOAQUIN Page 18
Page 17 FOR OPERA LOVERS— "EMMA CALVE— THE WOMAN." A CHARACTER SKETCH Page 172
THK KDNI>AT CALL.
Etiquette
MRS. BURTON KINGSLAND
•Something jfibout Chaperons.
Jheir Use and Abuse.
Copyright, 1901. by Doubleday. Page * Co. >
WHEN a general distribution of
halos takes place," once said a
bright woman, "the head of the
willing and unsung martyr,
. .known as a chaperon, will be
found crowned, too, I am persuaded,
among the world's elect."
Not many of us will be found worthy
to wear one of greater radiance. If cheer
. fulness, an absolute disregard of self, in
genuity in Improvising pleasures in which
she takes but an observer's part, and an
unwearied amiability that keeps her
. sweet, smiling and wakeful until her
young charge has* had her fill of pleasure,
be any qualification for such a reward.
The post Is no sinecure, and Its duties are
often a thankless, unenviable task.
Of course, the natural chaperon of a
girl Is her own mother, whose Interest in
all that in any way concerns her child
makes the position an easy one and all
her labor of love; but one whose presence
is imposed to "play propriety" where no
such necessity Is recognized, naturally
feels the embarrassment of being«t>nwei •
come. It Is therefore but fair that her
position should be understood and denned.
The Need of Chaperons.
In Europe, and In those parts of Amer
" ica which have felt the Influence of Old
World customs, the first demand of pol
ished society is that young girls shall bo
properly chaperoned. It Is considered one
of. the elegances of life, one of the graces
pf the best society and an evidence of
the tender respect with which young wo
manhood la regarded; such a formality
being held to safeguard it from all chance
of evil or the appearance of It. -
The world has grown too through
th^e closer Intercourse of its civilized peo
ples, for any to escape its Inherited tradi
tions and prejudices.
Time was when we were so provincial
and inconspicuous that we could make
our own social laws, and we were proud
of the freedom that could exist between
our young women and their men acquain
tances, and protested against the duenna
system as a reflection upon their trust
worthiness.
Strong In their innate sense of propriety,
their moral dignity, discretion and mod
esty, the girls felt quite competent to
take care of themselves, and the young
men relented the suggestion of a chape
ron as an insult to their honor. From
their mental attitude, their self-respect
ing standpoint and the customs of their
environment, they were justified, and
there are not wanting many yet to hold
these opinions.
To such I would say that chaperonagc
is a representative thing. It typifies the
sheltering care, the Jealous protection, of
something very precious. It sets a higher
value upen the object by protecting and
hedging it round In the eyes of others,
and particularly in those of young men
who are apt to sigh for the fruit t.iat
hangs highest.
The Value of a Chaperon.
There Is no doubt, also, that the pres
ence of a chaperon greatly Improves the
manners of the young people.
There are girls who are Inherently well
bred, but who, having the natural, In
stinctive desire to please, sometimes fear
to be considered prim, proper and "good)
goody," If they do not Join In the pranks
and Imitate the . manners of those who
seem to be overmuch at their ease in
young men's society. To such the pres
ence of a chaperon la never an unwel
come restraint.
A loud laugh, familiar manners, urire
strained attitudes, are not attractive; and
¦In the freedom of .the club men (llhcumh
these mutters, and those who fancy that
such recommend them are field cheap.
A vivacious girl, with the high spirits
of youth and its Ignorance of the world
and its ways, has sometimes been mis
understood and placed in  false position,
which the presence of a chaperon would
have averted.
Many a girl would give the world to
efface memories of .Indiscretions of con
duct that bring a blush when recall* d.
Motherlosd and bfotherless girls are espe
riaiiy in danger of mi: conception, 'rim
aft 'ii rumli criticism of other girls heard
from a brother la a lesson In manners
that usually makes un Impression.
if a chaperon is what site should he,
her presence will not wet-blanket (he
merriment and Hixnilanelty, but merely
tone down the excessive exuberunce; the
(iris will not be let** wliihoiik- but lens
Kiddy, with manners high bred, not con
spicuous.
•¦"What are the moments In life most
likely to be remembered 7" naked one)
clever woman of another. w "Theme In
which we forgot ourselves," was' the an
swer, Riven with a sigh. ""*
A girl Ih Hometimcs Kind to Intrench
herself behind the bulwarks that society
has reared about her, to defend herself
from unwelcome devotion or attentions.
' The Proper Chaperon.
A chaperon should .be an example, to
her young charges In the conventions,
and all social questions should be refer
red to her. She should therefore be em
phatically a gentlewoman, knowing the
usages of polite society; her reputation,
nt course, above question.
A European father who had lost hid
.wife would never place a young unmar
ried daughter at the head of Ills house
without a resident chaperon, and the im
propriety of doing so Is now acknowl
edged with us. '
Thers are not wanting. in this country
of thu'.i'clnl ups and downo, ladles who
are qualified in every way for such a po
sition. Such a one should be treated by
every one in the household as though she
were the social equal ami entitled to the
same deference as the lady of the house
whom she represents. Then, and only
then, can she do justice to the position
and give to the young girl what she needs.
A Chaperon's Duties.
The chaueron should endeavor to see
that hospitable doors are open to her
charge; that well bred and , agreeable
young men are presented t.i her. and It
Is her responsibility that the girl recipro
cates die attentions that she receives !.•»
a manner befitting In r position.
Much tact is necessary not to draw the
rein too tightly. A leading strap would
be the better figure; that leaves the
young subject free, but checks readily
when It is rieecswary. A chaperon must
be careful never to antagonize her charge
or appear to watch her. She should re
spect i he privacy of her letters, and never
take the opportunity to rebuke or con
demn when a confidence Is given. Indeed,
hi only chance of success Is to win the
girl's real respect and affection, and then
encourage confidence in order to be able
to a< t for her good and advantage and
never from personal motives or curiosity.
It Is her duty, however, to reprove her
choice If she Is careless in her demeanor
with young men. All invitations to men
should be given in the name of the moth
er or chaperon.
In traveling through Europe young
girls may go almost' anywhere under
proper chaperonagc— to theaters, operas,
tstudlos and Into society. Only when In
trenched within the dignlncu position of
a worker can v young woman dispense
with the demand of etiquette for a chape
ion.
A young man regardful of the proprie
ties never ask» a girl to accompany him
to any place of amusement without either
extending the invitation to her mother or
Chaperon, or asking nome married woman
of suitable age and position to accompany
them.
Under exceptional circumstances a
young brother has sometimes he.en al
lowed to fill the position of duenna, prob
ably because of a boy's wall known repu
tation of allowing nothing to escape his
observation, and reticent not bell a
conspicuous characteristic.
a theater party of young persons un
chsperoned would be considered as q m
beyond the pale of good society In New
York.
i" host calls first for Uk chaperon
i. .fore going for the young woman, unless
it Ih arranged Hint they arc to meet at
her house. At a supper after the theater
ho Heat* that lad) llrMt and treats her as
the uu(Bt of honor.
An entertainment at a man's bachelor
apartments, at the annex of hi* club or
at a restaurant of reputation may be en
joyed by young girls properly chaperoned.
One, «if his own mauled women
would give much dignity to the gnyely.
•When (i lady Irt Invited to li. chaperon
for v Hpeciai occasion, a carriage i« al
ways sent to take her to tho place ap
pointed, if tii< bos) does not call for her,
and returns to lake bat home.
An Agreeable Chaperon,
a chaperon should endeavor to mak»
herself so agreeable that her society win
not be moie of a permute to t !»«• young
man who falls to her lot than Him can
help. Hin- need not "talk down" to him,
ami In her conversation she should re
i« m he that the young do not enjoy
grave subjects' when merriment ha been
the object of their meeting. Neither
should Mho try to place herself on In,
level and UfMUllie airs of Juvenility. Hint
win only appear ridiculous to the keen
tC'untliiutU on i'uge 7.)Easy Lessons in Physical Culture
WHAT TO DO.
I— Take plenty of outdoor
exercise.
2 — Use a bath cabinet.
3 — Drink hot water.
4 — Eat oranges.
s— Diet.
/~y AN FRANCISCO In the paradise of
V^^ the thin woman, but for her who
yj has. a tendency the other way—
lay ulas!
A For there is probably not a more
fattening climate on the face of
the globe. Nine out of ten of the people
one meets very day on the street at
test that fact. Indirectly, the cause lies
in the general bealthfulnesa of the brac
ing air. Directly, the. cause lies In the
i .w temperature that laats ail the year
round. We don't perspire here and so
there is no chance to lose winter-gained
letth In the summer us there Is almost
everywhere else in the world.
There is a system by which you can re
duce your llesii, and It is a sure system,
too. it In net forth here. It Ih not worth
your while to read It If you are not will-
Ing to take a little trouble, Indeed, a good
deal of trouble, for It Ih not a system that
does all Hit work itself.
For the first two or three weeks diet
yourself. Try fasting for a day or two.
If your desire for food gets tOO strong,
take a bit of stale touuteil bread Honked
In hot water. Keep away from good
1. Ings to cat and so keep from tempta
tion.
Keep this little, fast up to-day, and to
morrow and the next day you may have
for breakfast one dropped or poached egg
on Htalu bread toasted. No lunch, rot
dinner a dish of boiled i utillllowei'. one of
mewed tomatoes, a very little piece of
meat and berries without iiuijitr or cream.
lie Very careful to avoid any starchy
militant c. Drink hot water whenever you
•rave water, it la very good to drink two
kluhhch of hot water early in the morn*
iK before you have, eaten anything.
(let a bath cabinet, which can bo order
ed ut any drug store The alcohol lamp
which generally comes with the bath cab
inet Ih not largo enough, It does not throw
out enough beat if you cannot Had a
much larger alcohol lump than this, get
a small oil stove Pure alcohol Is bettor
to use than wood alcohol The fumos of
Wood alcohol ure. very poisonous
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Take a steam bath In your cabinet every
night. Tile instruction* are given with
i After your steam have Burnt) one r"'>
you down liar. l, afterward slapping and
patting the whole, body for ten minutes.
Hot Into bed while you are glowing and
drink a glass of very hot water with h
half lemon squeezed into it.
Have a good nlee|i and be refreshed In
the morning, for you must be ready then
to lake your exercise.
Begin by standing with your weight on
the balls of the feet, bend body forward
and see how nearly you can comu to
touching the floor with thai tips of tin*
Angers. He careful not to bund the knees.
Next bland with the weight on tint build
of the feet, feet close together, and twist
tin' body around backward as tar as pos
sible. Twist to each side until you are
tired.
The arm whirl is good. KaUM) the anna
WHAT NOT TO DO.
I—Don't1 — Don't eat any starchy
substances.
2 — Don't eat apples and
grapes.
3 — Don't drink stimulants.
4 — Don't neglect walking.
s—Don't5 — Don't overeat.
as high as possible and make big rings
n. with them. Let them fall to the waist.
v Another: Lie flat on your back/ raise
the feet as high as you can, lower them
anil repeat. Do not move the arms. "
Keep up the above exercises and the
diet for several weeks. By that time you
.should be able to try the more severe" ex
ercises which follow. In taking them, re
member that they' must be kept up regu
larly to prove of any noticeable benefit.
First lie flat on your back on the floor
and rise to a sitting position without help-
Ing yourself with your hands. This will
bo very hard at Itrst, but with practice
you can soon rise with case. You should
do this at least ten or twenty times night
»nd morning. Men can do this exercise
inu hundred times. Some time you will
learn to rise with an extra weight on your
chest.
The next exercise is performed In this
way. Stand straight, . feet close together,
weight on balls of feet, then twist body
around to the right as far back as pos
sible, then to the left. Do not move the
feet. Twist ten times to each side.
Next, bend body forward and touch the
floor with, tips of fingers. Do not bend
knees. Do this ten times.
The fourth exefeisc is to stand with feet
together, body forward as much as pos
sible. Let body fall over to the right side,
then to the left, live times to each Bide.
Do the same exercise with right arm
• raised over head when falling to the right,,,
left arm when railing to tho left.
M body fall forward and throw arm*
back. Do thla ten or twenty time*.
Swing right arm back over right hip na
far na possible, then left arm over left*
hip. Keep the trunk perfectly quiet al
ways. • .
i you are faithful to these exercises*
you will nnd them enough. Don't forget
that a flesh-reducing diet must be kept
up along with tlu> work. D.i not drink
beer or any kind of stimulants. Eut all
the omnges you want, but don't touch
i rupee and apples,
3THE SWELLEST OPERA
THE opera eeaeon is upon us again.
Do you realize what that means?
Clothes, swell clothes, and lots of
them. That what it meaVis.
The first thing to think about U
art opera wrap. This yea.c they look good
enough to eat. Positively, they are quite
the loveliest thing* ever, the moat ex
quisite of the exquisite.
One of the daintiest and most fetching;
that the White (louse boasts of la a
black lace over pleated liberty silk. The
lace falla from the shoulders in long,
graceful fold* and cull* in a knife pleat-
In* of an edging to match. The body of
"the cloak to the waist is warmly padded.
Voder the lace tho while silts tumbles
and falls In and out, here and there, In
the utmost confusion. A cascade of lace
and pleated chiffon falls from the throat
to the bottom of the cloak and Inter
twined with the mass of nuflliicHs are
long knots of black velvet rlbbont*. Com
mencing at the collar, they gradually
shorten until only one hides Itself in the
laat and lowest ruffle.
There are Hleeves in this garment, for
It Is a typical cloak Th«-y are made on
the regular bishop plan; soft and loose
all the way to the wrist. Then a band
gather* the fulln«;s» into place and at the
anie time holdn a full pleating of chiffon
covered with the lace. All this fullness
la shorter on the iiimUc of the arm, but
falla to a considerable length on the out
aide—ln fact, almoHt reaching to the el
bow when the arm In raised. The collar
la very large, very fluffy and very whlt<\
Tin- chiffon Id put on In three tiers und
each tier in ended with a full, baby ruch-
Ing that »<em.s to be struggling to lo*e
ltn bounds.
\VU. ii worn with a black lace skirt It
la perfectly charming. Not even the moHt
faattdlouii could desire anything sweeter,
(or that word describes It exactly.
Another gorgcoun lilai k cloak In made
of Matin. The fullnenH falls In large pleats
from the center of a yoke. A collar deep*
er and broader, but on the sain* principle
bm the sailor collar, eutirely covers it.
The collar, cuff*, front* und hMi-m avo <m
brol<J>re<l with a fancy hi roll an<l l.nnn
white ruHi-H In solid white; and, by Iho
way, thui In turn la piped with black
chiffon. Tin in, iinni of the cloak, whl«h
•lot s not reach the edge of the Hklrt, In
tlnlHhcd off with v wide pleating of chif
fon, and thut aguln hua a good vised puff
of the black. Wher« the collar fasten*
an ugly about the throat there seem* to
bo the natural starting place for any
quantity of chiffon. It looka Ilk* a boa,
and like one that falls to the edge of the
aklrt at that.
When on* looka at black or at black
and white, they Involuntarily think that
nothing could poaitlbly be more effectiveWRAPS IN THE CITY
•or smarter looking. These two cloaks are
not only beautiful but they are service
' able as well, and that in itself ought to
count for something. ' j - "•?¦'. ••••
The most elaborate Is by far the most
peculiar looking. The foundation is brown,
' velvet, but it is heavily appliqued with,
* tan broadcloth. The pattern is very con- .
ventional and gives it rather a stiff ap
| pearance. As if to counteract , that effect
the entire skirt is edged with brown fur
- tails. : Two rows of them and fully one
hundred tails in each; row. The collar,
-revers and cuffs are of ermine. It is the
'Queerest looking wrap that can be imag
ined, so queer that no one would ever
dream of calling it pretty, but the very
fact that; it is erratic looking is its high
est recommendation to many a swell so- 1
ciety woman. ¦. , . \
But don't think for a minute that all of
them are black or even dark. That Is
Just contrary to the real state of affairs.
A beautiful thing is made of rainbow
panne velvet. : The colors ; are the main
attraction, but the simplicity of it adds
somewhat, ami at least makes it a novel
ty. The chief idea seems to have been
to see how many yards and yards of lace.
insertion and chiffon could' be successful
ly carried about. This cape has a chiffon
ruffle of pink and yellow that entirely en
circles it. With the exception of two
i hinestone buckles that fasten the col
lar, it is the only trimming.
A bewildering ¦ fluff is made of yellow
satin, Well, hardly, a yellow, either, but
that soft shade that comes somewhere be
tween a corn and a yellow. The cape la
three-quarters—os most of them are — and
It in turn has another cape that falls con
siderably over the shoulders. Heavy in
sertion is laid on so as to form a puttern.
both on the cape and on the skirt of the
main one. Then there are ruffles and ruf
ties until you can't see straight. It looks
us if a whole bolt i had been easily us.'«l.
The lining is white. satin, and altogether
It makes a handsome garment.
Hlue always will be popular as it is so
becoming to blondes. A pretty creation ia
ma. of old-fashioned flowered satin. It
i* short in front, but is several feet longer
lit trio back, and Ms closely. Notwith
standing the profusion of silver braid that
it npplliiueil on it and the amount of white
Milk luce that lends the finishing touches,
the effect is distinctly that of titty yours
Ago, "• -
This year San Francisco Ib dotes herself
proud. Her reputation us regards oviii^
lug drees has never been the best, but she
lias determined to not only redeem her
self but to prove to outsiders that she
can go them one better on everything that
they caii mention, and this lime It seetua
to'iiuve been evening wraps.6
THERE are women, and enterprising
women at that, who do not want
to be men.
This la not as it should be. ac
cording to thf- common theory of
the funny man v ~*ociates woman's
clubs with bloom* i.- .md swaggers and
Blap-me-on-the-backs. It is generally
supposed that If 'a woman has the au
dacity to club it. it is because she Is
mad that she wasn't a man In the first
place and she Is trying her best to make
herself one.
The funny man has to ¦¦> living,
and if the truth does not ii^.l.l out for
his purposes, he must call upon his Imag
ination. The truth of the matter Is that
by no means all of the women who have
ideas want to be In their brothers' shoes.
. Mrs. John Swift is one of these women.
She says: "I wouldn't be a man for
anything in the world. I'd rather be
bomethlng nicer, as all of us women are.
A man Is well enough In his way, but
what can he do as compared with wom
en? Very little.
"What can he do? What can a woman
do?
'A man can attend to his one trade or
profession or art, whichever he supports
himself by. Take that away from him,
and what can he do?
"in most cases, nothing.
"Hut a woman— what can she do?
"In the Hr»t place she can very likely
attend to BOOM form of business just as
well a* a man. it is no small proportion
of women nowadays who can earn their
own bread and the butter for It, too. al
though they don't very often get what
they earn.
"But her profession is only one of her
mplishments. What else?
"She has not lost her womanly SCCOIII
l>llKi.m«nt«* through learning other things.
Sh< Ull can sew. She can cook. Bhe
can rear children. Bho can nurse the
Hick. Bhe can keep the wheels of a. homo
oiled and In perfect running order.
"Now which would you rather be?
Which do you think It in better worth
while to bo? Vox my part. 1 am satis-
The keynote of Mr«. Hwift's ambition
Is, not to ni;»k. women Into men but to
make them better women. To that end
Phe works through her clubs; Hhe Is a
member of the Century Club and was for
v lout? tlrue Its president: besides the
work of the Century, th« Susan Is. An
thony Club and the Daughters of the
Revolution claim her Interests.
Jubt now she Is in the public eye us
the most prominent worker in the move-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CALIFORNIA'S
BEST KNOWN
CLUB WOMEN
'•California* Beat Known Club Women!" Do you know who
they aref Or, in knowing who they are, have you ever studied their
personalities to know why they should be considered the "best
known"? This sketch of Mrs. John Swift is the second in an inter
esting series on just tuoae lines.
MKiit toward a local council which shall
be-long to th« National Council ami
through that to the International which
Han l'inricim-o heard ulioiit lattt Hummer
when -vii Muy Wright Bewail was lure
At that time Mr». Hvvlft w.i , the only
it- iiii'M'iii ,ii i v< of the International L'uun
ill llvlliK I" Han l''iiii. L.i »li .i ¦ then
Mr*. Hjit-rry. Mm Mllltt mid Mm Webb
lowuril huve Joined the ranks.
SARA COMSTOCK
J/ih. Hwlrt Is ii friend "f Mm. ¦•wall
iyii she entertained the visitor when »in»
*, here. Mih Hawaii I' •lined, III" I j.i'i
|/V ami In general gave the council Idea
iVi lAHietUS on tlui couht. .Mitt. Bwlft li.i
not lei tin; ItnpetUH die; »he has l:< i' l It
i ,\ liy roiiHtunt nurMOlial work and at lust
toy local council ti;i - been i/iKitnl/.' d.
t'V wan the chairman of a committee
it.Ut iKfcUtU 111. • ..Mil il CUll III! AllfJUSl 10
and In October the organisation was
formed. This made the clubs which Joln
en It all members of the National Coun
cil, which belongs to that great Interna
tional organization that Includes millions
of members, almost all women.
"The thing is to get women together so
tluit they mny know each other, get rid of
their prejudices and n't together." she
rays. "The trouble with the smaller clubs
Is that they bring together women of the
«ame kind. One club contains all philan
thropists. all literary people, all millin
ers. The council bring* together the phil
anthropists, the literary people iind the
minim ! mid they come to find out that
i In v are all good people in their way and
the) iii] — ¦ i as well be friends."
Mrs. Swift's philanthropy is attended to
In abides. Once In v while It crops out
that somebody who nan, found this world
a very big place and cany to get financial
ly lout In found a safe harbor in her big
heart. 11mm are the. things that Hha
doesn't talk about.
Her home Is a place worth visiting. It
Ih full of delightful Japanese ornaments
and carved furniture, black and heavy.
and splendidly Oriental In Its wealth of
elaborate design. These treasures were
gathered during th« years when uhe lived
in Japan; her husband was United Htntea
Minister to that country. There they
lived In luxury, with eighteen Japanese
servant*, who drew hair-splitting lines
between their eighteen duties
'i tie gorgeous i*mbroldor«d hangings and
the ebony carvings adorn the parlors
downstairs. Upstairs at the front of the
house in Ml." Hwlft'H own study, Her.
¦I. • k 1.-4 there, her couch, her cuuy clutlrtf.
flowers always Htaml In the room. About
lie walls bang old-time portrait* of her
family. Her grandfather was n famous
n.ir.luturo painter In his day and much of
his work Is preserved there.
There. If you are lucky, Mrs. Hwlft will
receive you in a room that makes you feel
at home on the spot, to say nothing of
what Its occupant does. Him is known an
a good hostess; she has a cozy, comfort
able manner The gods have given her a
li'ii physii|Ue, Hpurklliig black ayes and
a ma of snowy white hair. The truth Is.
Mir. Bwlft comes of a family renowned
fur its endowment of beauty und US was
not overlooked.
It Is partly the beauty of good health
and optimism. "or course, I'm an <M>tliii
isi," she kiivh. "What's the iiui of living
if you me not? There Is nobody on earth
who lion-H me ii-« a peSSltnlsl due*,"
And when you ciimu to think about It,
wouldn't that Imi a Mhort way (if Molting
i. l of liessinists If everybody tried It?
'they thilvi! on pity, they tluivu on <mi
ili u, nation; lint If they were looked upon
1:4 bori perhHim tiny will in time Hint
Hi.. l i he) me ixnliiK ilieiuseii v. There Is
mi Idea from a club woinun thai I. wurtil
luukint; ut twite./¦^OMR things there nre In this worid
\^^. th*> Potential American dollar can*
v ~ 1 not buy and which even the Influ
f>'-^ ence of European royalty la pow-.
*' crlcns to win. Among them' ure
the priceless Rot* of Jewels belonging to
the rnjnhn of India. Many of these
lirirc<H of the East have wets of gema
which represent a viHue unhonrd of out
side the Orient and beside which the most
famous collections of Inc crowned heads
of Europe or of the families of our Ameri
can millionaires pink Into Insignificance.
It Is not likely that a white man will
ever wear these treasures unless they
come to him an the spoilt* of war. It is
againnt the most sacred traditions of the
rajahs to part with their family heir
looms. Fabulous prices have been offered
them for single Jewels or ornaments out
of their -vast nuppllcfl. Hut gold has no
power to tempt them where their jewels
lire concerned. '
It was only after great difficulty that
Mr. Oliver M. Fnrrand, a New York Jew
eler, succeeded In procuring from abroad
the photographs of some of these rajahs
wearing their gems. They represent the
tin'-yi collections of precious stones In ex
istence. The fortunes of our wealthiest
magnates arc small, beside those which
several of these Eastern nobles wear upon
their persons.
The pearls and diamonds belonging to
the Kajah of Dholpur rank flrst unions all
these costly collections. They form the
most valuable set of Jewels in existence.
A million dollars was recently offered to
the Itnjuh for the single string of large
pearls shown in the photograph about ms
neck. The offer was refused. Each of
these pearls is said to be absolutely with
out a Haw. of perfect purity and luster.
t6ETIOUETTE"
(Continued From Page 2.)
young eyes that will mercilessly judge
her. There are many subjects upon which
young and old may meet upon common
ground and talk with naturalness and
enthusiasm 1 books, iiiublc, art, the play,
Charming people, authors, artists, lectur
ers, travel, amateur photography, bicy
cling, gulf, tennis, botanizing— minds and
souls have no age.
Chaperonage at Dances.
"When young girls nre asked to be guests
unaccompanied by an older woman, the
hostess assumes the office and responsi
bility of chaperon at house part let.,
dances, etc.
, At a ball the chaperon enters tho room
with tier charge at her left and step*
slightly In advance of her to greet their
hostess. She takes her seat In the row
of seats against the wall, and her prole
gee situ In front of her. In Europe at
all large balls the walls of the. room are
lined with red velvet HofuH whereon the.
Chaperons are. grated, often on a raised
dais, with their young people upon chairs
in their feet. Tim elder women, dressed
• with elegance and wearing many jewel*.
make an effective background for the cos
tumes of their charges, whose youth and
freshness are the more emphasized by
contrast.
The chaperon should dress as unlike the
yOUng Kills as possible for her the vel
vets, .'tut brocades and toilets suggesting
richness.* even sumptuouesioasj for them
diaphanous draperies and artistic simplic
ity. No language can he too severe, to •
scathing, to condemn the won, an whoso
attire is tasking in modesty; but nev.ir is
It so blameworthy i\n when she in in
charge of young ami Innocent girls.
The chaperon ShOUld endeavor to sen
that her protegee is provided with a part*
TUB SUNDAY CALL
THE LAND OF JEWELS
Every Jewel in the twelve great ropes of
pearls hanging down from the neck is
worth a small fortune In itself. Those In
the four copes across the left shoulder,
though small In comparison wilh their
companions, are really of. good size and
great value. Diamonds are interspersed
with pearls in the incrustations of the
helmet, which Is literally covered with
;¦' ms. It is impossible to oven approxi
mate the total value of this wonderful
heirloom of the rajahs of Dholpur. It i*
priceless.
Far less showy, but scarcely inferior in
value, In the family Inheritance of the
-BY MRS. BURTON KINOSLAND.
ruT for the cotillon, using the advantages
of her position, her acquaintance, or the
feeling of Indebtedness toward her, for the
benefit of her charge. .
¦ .Always to be found in the same place,
the young girl may go to her between
dances, and so bo relieved of the dreaded
feeling that she is imposed upon a man
longer than she is welcome; A young
chaperon should not dance while her
charge is unprovided with n partner.
• Special Qualifications.
Muny think that a chaperon should be
possessed of what they call the "social
talent," knowing how to liar all ap
proaches toward a girl's acquaintance
from the ranks of the undesirable as well
as the object lonabks, and beguiling the
eligible! into an agree atmosphere of
congeniality ami Intimacy that "steals
upon them ere ihey ure aware," .
The drat is indubitably an important
qualification; the last requires tact, sen
sJUvenciss and Innate good breeding, lest
the young subject Of her management be
compromised In the very least.
Society requires a certain amount of
Manipulation and clever handling, it Is
said, except by those who are born with
in its penetralia, but one would not "stoop
to conquer,"
It Is quite legitimate, however, and con-
Hl.stciil with the dignity of the older wo
man ii* well as the younger that some
aofiualntance4hl|M should be averted ami
others festered.
Bspsolally at summer hotels eternal vig
ilance should not be relaxed. Injudicious
plcnlc.-i, long walks, with opportunities
for tete-a-tete*, excursions of all kinds,
make the responsibility of chaperotuiKQ
sometime** an onerous one.
The "abuse" of tlio chaperon' conveys a
"double entente/ 1 With one acceptation
of the word wo are all familiar, but it hua
another Hiuniticatiou.
Kajah of Gwalior. His is a wealth of
emeralds. THe three bands of immense
stones which. Interspersed with numerous
prraller ones, form a broad collar over
the chest and shoulders are native cut.
Nor will tluir owner consider the sugges
tion that they be re-cut with modern skill
and methods. What they might gain in
brilliancy by the operation would be mort
than offset in his mind by what they
would lose In size. The value of each of
the large stones is about 150,000.
The strips of gold embroidery upon the
robes of this Indian, prince are set with
many emeralds of a smaller size. The
epaulets, which hang from the shoulders
down over the arms, are incrusted with
extraordinarily large stones surrounded
with pearls.
.The collar— or one might at most call It
cape— worn by the Rajah of Baroda is a
muss of diamonds and various precious
stones, combined in rich and wonderful
confusion. The color and brilliancy of
this ornament can better be imagined
than described. The lighter stones are
vet off by borders of the darker emeralds,
those forming a a fringe around the lower
edge being of immense size and value.
Scarcely less beautiful is the tassel of
pearls which hangs from the left hand
side of this Rajah's turban. Each string
in this tassel represents a fortune. In
each the pearls have been carefully grad
ed as to size and each is tipped with a
pompon of silk. The cap of jewels which
euvrrs the Rajah's silk turban is a mass
of various gems to match his collar. The
edge is formed of great diamond
pendants.
Five great ropes of pearls, priceless in
value, constitute the chief treasure of
the Rajah of Nizam. A single pearl from
these might well make its owner an ob
A woman who makes the position, an
excuse for going: into gay society for her
own amusement or advancement i» an
unfit person with whom to trust a- young
and inexperienced girl. >
. A pleasant manner, magnetic, gracious,
is a desirable endowment or acquisition,
but self should always be secondary to
the Interest, and pleasure of the young
people. There are those, however, who
put forth efforts ot attract admiration or.
attention to themselves. Such chaperon
ago Is an injustice to the girl.
If a chaperon bo not old enough to be
the mother of her charge, she should at
least have such dignity of character as
to suggest maturity, and so leave no
doubt of the conventions being satisfied.
It Is bad form to send several guy girls
to a bull with a very young chaperon,
perhaps one of their own number who
has Just been married. Such matronizing
is « farce, a burlesque and no real chape
ronage at ail.
Upon coaching parties to races, football
mutches, visits to country clubs, picnics,
studio teas", boating parties, or any fes
tivity where merriment and gay spirits
may tempt the overstepping of the bounds
of strictly good breeding, the matron of
the party should be carefully chosen. I
have en chaperons who needed chape
roning more than the young people in
their charge.
All the obligation is not on tho one side,
however.
A Girl's Attentions to Her Chaperon.
It Is always an evidence of refined
breeding as well us kindness of heart that
a girl Bhould show her chaperon at a ball
or elsewhere that she is not unmindful of
her presence, s ' She should present to her
the young men whom she meets, If they
are Standing near, and it Is always a
compliment to a man to In- brought to
ject of envy. Among the pearls, here and
there, are strung other gems, the better
to display their beauty. After his peari*
the Rajah prizes most the nine large dia
monds which nans from his gold coronet.
That in the center, particularly, i 3 of
great size and beauty.
Particularly odd and effective is the
use to which the Rajah of Punnah has
put the thousand's of pearls gathered by
generations of his ancestors. He has
used them, to embroider his robes of state.
Over the shoulders, down the sleeves and
around the edges of the robe the peaj-19
have been woven with silk and gold into
beautiful and intricate designs.
On the turban, from an ornament of
gold and pearls, drop four double strings
of pearls, each graded in size to form a
point at the tips. The base of this orna
ment is formed by an immense diamond
surrounded with pearls. The necklace is
of pearls and darker gems. Beneath are
two bands of small brilliants, fastened
together at intervals with large rubies.
Eighteen diamonds are set in the buckle
which fastens the scarf worn over the
rght shoulder. The bracelets are of na
tive cut emeralds and these stones also
are set In the gold hilt of the sword.
The jewel cape of the Maharajah of
Jodhpore consists of three rows of large
pearls and emeralds alternated. From
every pearl in the last row drops a pear
shaped emerald, forming a fringe. Out
side of this is worn a double rope of
pearls, fastened together here and there
with other emeralds. A ruby ornament
hangs from this rope. On one side of the
turban is a cluster of rubies, emeralds
and pearls. On the other is a photograph,
of whom It is not known, surrounded
by pearls. Seven rows of pearls are
twined about the neck.
the mother or chaperon for a special in
troduction. She should reciprocate the in
terest of the chaperon in her pleasures by
showing some solicitude for the comfort
and enjoyment of that lady, noticing
whether or not she has some one to talk
with, and with her better opportunities
of seeing the room may manage to in
sure that she be more agreeably seated.
If she be overlooked at supper, the girl
may ask her own partner to provide for
her, and if he is a gentleman he will
think the better of her for her thought
ful considorateneas and perform the little
service with readiness.
The chaperon is sometimes a young
mother, feeling scarcely older than her
duughter, but obliged to take a perma
nent seat against the wall, while her own
feet tingle with the desire to do us her
daughter is doing.
A girl may associate ncr mother in her
pleasures and enlist her interest by being
a little confidential about what she hears
and the people whom she meets, sure ut
leust of a discreet conlldunte.
Little attention! are never more appre
ciated than when shown by a girl to her
mother or chaperon in public, such as be
lnK careful to give tliut lady precedence,
anticipating her wishes In trifling acts,
watchful about draughts or discomfort in
nay form- not after the patronizing man
ner that 1 have sometimes seen, of look
iK after snine incompetent too old or
too stupid to care for herself, but with
lOVing considt lateness and gentle defer
ence. This Is the manner inculcated in
¦uropean girls, and in this land of aa
aertlve democratic opinions we are in dan
ger of toatngeOßM Of the graces that come
Of a reverent attitude toward those whose
superiority In any form we acknowledge.
In all reunions enjoyment is enhanced by
reciprocity, "liuppines» »w boru a
twin!"
78
THE SUNDAY CALL.Sunday Call
Magazine Section
The Century
Plant
in Bloom.
MANY people who see the enormous leaves and long
shooting flower of the commonly called "Century
Plant" gaze at it with astonishment and not a little
awe and pass it by. They do not know that this plant
blooms but once in fifteen or twenty years, and that that
once means its death.
A few only know the exterior and interior wonders of
the "Agave Americana Variegata."
Up in the Arizona gardens of Golden Gate Park, by
the conservatories, they stand like sentinels, their lofty
heads gazing down in disdain on the ignorants of earth
"The Agave," derived from "Aganos," signifying ad
mirable, referring to the stately form in which some of
them flower, is a native of Northern Mexico, where the
sandy soil and general atmosphere are most beneficial to it.
This plant flowers in from fifteen to twenty years in
this climate, but in the colder climes, owing as much,
however, to the car? taken of them and the repotting, they
have taken as long as forty and fifty years, and gardeners
despaired of ever seeing them flower, and named them
"The Century Plant
In the park to-day there are about twenty different
varieties, in all stages of existence.
The plant has its peculiarities and one desperate fault.
As the flower begins to shoot forth it is *sad to learn
that it steals the life from the large, fleshy, tufted leaves,
and on attaining perfection and the very height of its glory
it commences to droop and gradually dies.
There is fortunately a saving clause, however.
Before death, at^.he very root, spring little suckers or *
baby "Agaves," which are taken from the base of the
leaves.
Golden Gate
Park's
Curiosity
Each of these suckers has a small root, which when
placed in the ground begins at once to shoot and grow.
The, plants are different in sizes and colors, some of
the leaves being yellow and green, some a solid dark
green, as for instance "The Agave Shawii," a giant stand
ing thirty feet from the ground, with a depth of ten feet
and a girth of forty feet.
Others again are more delicate and van-colored.
"The Agave Densiflora," a very rare one, close flow
ered, of a greenish yellow, burst forth last year in a beau
tiful bloom.
The seeds of the rarer ones are hard to get, most of
them coming from Paris.
These wonderful plants thrive in the sandy soil, with
out irrigation, and facing the harshest sea winds, grow up
in all their beauty, and, as Mr. McLaren, the superintend
ent of the park, says, are "a most accommodating plant."
"The Agave Americana" was caught in the height of
its bloom by the camera of Mr. Charles Weidner, and is
shown on this page. It »s extensively cultivated in Mexico,
under the name of "Maguey." and is put to many uses.
The Mexican Government offers a bonus to any one
who will plant "The Agave' in certain regions ot Mexico,
and is amply repaid by the revenue derived on the duty re
ceived from the various products of the plant on arriving
at maturity.10
A GLIMPSE INTO THE
THEATERS OF SAN FRAN
CISCO AND ALSO A IJTTLE
GOSSIP ABOUT ACTORS
AND ACTRESSES THE
WORLD OVER.
s~y AN FRANCISCO has little time
L^ left just now to talk about the-
aters. for grand opera is absorb
< The opening -week of the season
Is made up of popular operas. "Carmen."
"Tannhauser" and "Faust" are all scores
that e%erybody enjoys. Later on will be
time enough to delight the few. but it Is
pan of Grau'f wisdom to open to general
acclamation.
Eames sings for the first time in San
Francisco on the opening night when '.'Lo
hengrin" will be presented. Calve in "Car
men" follows on Tuesday. Sembrlch, of
whom bronchitis robbed us after one deli
clous evening last season, appears in "Li
Travi;,.. on Wednesday. Eames again on
Thursday with Bispham and Van Dyck
in "Tannhauser" ; Gadskl, Sembrich ant!
De Reszke on Friday in "Lies Huguenots":
Calve, Dippel and De Reszke In "Faust"
at the Saturday matinee; then Sybil San
derson's first mature appearance here in
the Manor of Saturday night.
In spite of the fact that the theaters
must take second place In town talk, nev
ertheless they are offering good things for
the benefit of those whose purses are
short enough to exclude them from opera
or long enough to include them la both.
Sarah Cowell Le Moyne continues at the
Columbia in "The First Duchess of Marl
borough." She is a strong card to play
against the opera and the Columbia is
lucky to have her just now.
"Shore Acres" opens at the California.
It is said to be "Shore Acres" still, even
without Hearne.
The Juvenile Opera Company continues
at the Tlvoll.
For Fair Virginia" is next at the Al
cazar.
The Central offers a thrill In the shape
of "Lights o' London.**
"The Girl With the Auburn Hair" is
prepared to net Orpheum Johnnies in Its
meshes. Lillian Burkhart has a new play
let by Miss Richardson: "The Eighth
Year."
• • •
That wonderful veteran. J. H. Stoddart.
piays the part of Lachlan Campbell la
¦The Bonnie Briar Bush." His portrai
ture is said to be one of the most artis
tic things of this season's stage The o'd
B «£J? a I art that rus him like a glove.
William Gillette Is to play Hamlet.
y-"\ n 1»m1 »m Pa L ace of the King' still keeps
\ icla Allen busy.
"David Harum" has been criticized se
verely for its lack of dramatic interest
but crane ie playing it again this season.
0 he must find money in it
The stock star system is being tried in
New \ork at the Murray Hill Theater,
where patrons are given Shakespeare at
bargain prices. Marie Wainwright is one
of the stars and Daniel Bandmann is an
other
Lillian Russell found a season or so ago
that there was ret room on the same stage
for her and Edna Wallace Hopper. NoW
the fair Lillian has joined forces with
Eana - divorced husband, and she and De
Wolfe Hopper will star together in a
comic opera.
"Alice of Old Vincennes" has gone the
way of all popular historical novels and
is already staged. Virginia Harned. in
the name part, has been trying it on the
dog in Ohio.
There is a report that William Gillette,
that most eligible widower. is CuprJ's
victim at last. Rumor has it that he is
to marry his* leading woman. Maud"
Fealy. She Is under 20. said to !>•* th
youngest leading woman in America.
Mrs Leslie. Carter's new play. "Dv
Barry." has caused the dickens of a row
between Belaseo, adapter, and Joan Ilich
enin. author. The Frenchman ha* placed
his claims in the hands of his agent in
New York and a lawsuit is threatened.
New York is complaining of the wav
that Irving and Terry have been treating
it. It seems that Sir Henry sunpr.s<-d that
his old, time-wcrn production would do
very well for New York and acted upon
that supposition. He therefore produced
such plays as "The Merchant of Venice."
"Madame Sans Gene" and "The Bells "
New York had seen these things before
had seen Irving and Terry do them, and
M wanted a novelty. "Coriolanus." with
a scenic equipment designed by Alma Ta
dem<i. is Irving'e latest, but he refuefc
to brinp it across the pond.
Mi •%. Patrick Campbell will make a tour
of Ma country, probably reaching San
Frfci>e:sco Her repertory Includes "Mag
da." "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray," "The
Notorious Mr*. Ebbsmith." her new pro
duction. "Mariana." and two one-act
pieces— "Mrs. Jordan. Actress." and "The
Kappy Hypocrite.' Her own English
company will support her.
"Lovelace." the play with which Sothern
opened his season, proved a flat failure
and was withdrawn. Ills new play, "If
1 "«Vtr«- King." by Justin McCarthy, Is
doing- sensational business.
Mrs. Fiske has not done well In her new
play, "Miranda of the Balcony." It Is fair
WITH
PLAY
AND
PLAYER
ly conceded a failure. There is not a star
on cur sidjie who has fought so bitter a
fight is Minnie Maddern Flake. and her twj
successes. "Tea* of the dTrbervllles" an.l
"Becky bharpe." were late rewards of
much merit. It is discouraging to her
friends to find her down on her luck one.
more. However, she still holds her owii
and keeps herself out of the syndicate.
One M the few stage prodigies' who has
ever grown up to be a successful actress i.-
Elsie Leslie, who was made famous year.*
ago by her delineation of Little Lor 1
Fauntleroy. She and her curls played th.
part for a long run. Later she retired an 1
studied until it was time for her to ap
pear as a full-fledged actress. She Is now
playing Glory Quayle in "The Christian.
Our matinee idol. E. J. Morgan, has not
yet carried out his promise to star this
season He wag to have a try at "The
Master of Ballintrae." dramatized from
Stevenson* novel, but at present he is
playing John Siorra in "The Christian."
It is the role which first attracted atten
tion to his string, repressed work.
Maude Adams is said to ha/r some de
lightful scenes well fitted toiler in Bar
ries new play "Quality Street. " Miss Ad
ams has been struggling for a long tlm<*
with parts which were entirely beyoni
her. and since she pave up "The Little
Minister" she has held her place In the
public heart by virtueof previous achieve
ments. But Barrie seems to understand
her abilities and her limitations, and he
has fitted her once more with a part
which is likely to make a record.
Australia Is decidedly on the theatrical
map. and It manages to get some play*
before we do It has booked "Ben Hur. '
"Lovers' Lane" and "Sherlock Holmes."
Lewis Morrison has an advance agent
who is worth while. He reached Toronto
when Toronto was getting ready for th»;
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and ha 1
no welcome to spare for Morrison. Bar
rels of sand stood in line along the street *
holding flagpoles and llghtpoles. Th«
gent reached the town Just before these
barrels were draped, and he promptly
went to work to decorate them after hi*
own fashion. The next day each barrel
showed a black sheet on which appeared
In famine letters "The real devil Is com
tm?."
THE SUNDAY CALL.THE STORY OF A WAIF
*""""\ ABY, baby, who's got the baby?
V ) If you can't make it m live
j**% guesses you're out of the game.
j/X* i Ar.d if the "button" is a. human
\ / life you naturally hate like fury
to tar die. f
Little Richard - Any - thing - that - you
please is the shuttlecock. He passes from
hand to hand, from side to Bide, so quickly
that unless you are wonderfully clever and
¦mart you fail to comprehend, and uniesa
you keep it up It would take a Philadel
phia lawyer to unravel the snarl for you.
One day Richard Is an orphan and en
tirely dependent upon the kindness of the
ladies of the nursery, and the next day
he ha* a mother sometimes two— and a
home. So you see be Is an Interesting
youngster, but not one to be envied.
What's in a name, anyhow ?
That is the problem he is puzzling over
Just at present. Does it make any differ
ence whether one has a name, to begin
with or not. or If it just as good to bor
row some one else*?
Usually one name lasts a man a life
time, but Richard Miller, as he is now
called, has already had two, twice over,
and he now has the promise of another.
How Is that doing these days ?
Dick Is one of the seventy-five . chick*
tip- call the San Francisco Nursery for
Jfloi.icless Children their very own. By
right of neglect and trouble It Is his. The
etory of his short eleven years is very
much like that of the- other seventy-four,
and it Its to keep these little unfortunate*
from under the wheels of lortuoe that the
Immbm is kept in such excellent working
order. ,
in February of '93 the dismal crying of
a hungry baby caused an inmate of a
cheap lodging-house on North Beach to
enter her nc.ghuor'a room and inn.*; the
nelplcKM little one up and try to comfort
him. When the baby had drowned his
«orrowK In the milk bowl, he was tucked
into his little bed to sleep until his wan
dering mother should come home to him.
Later in the evening the household was
awakened by the persistent cries of a
downright angry child. The little fellow
had discovered that he wan alone again,
and promptly resented his neglect.
Just why his mother hadn't come home
did not bother the baby's friend. Of
course she had been detained, and was
probably nearly crazy with anxiety. Fort
unately he would be cared for until her
return. «
The next day and the next went by and
the days lengthened into weeks, and still
nothing was heard of George or Salina'
Earnest, the baby's parents. Slowly but
gradually it dawned upon the people in
the house that "baby" >had been nothing
more or less than heartlessly abandoned.
Luckily Richard had fallen into good
hands, and Eleanor Miller was only too
glad to take the little fellow to her heart
and Rive him the most of her miserable
best. If fate does not take a hand In
things and stir the broth the wrong way,
sometimes the local authorities do. A
policeman reported the pitiful story to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children* and they promptly decided that
the child must go to them to be disposed
of as they considered nt. And the why
of all thin was that Mr. Miller, Richard's
foster-father, was a confirmed drunkard,
and his name had not quite the standing
that it might have had.
go the baby left the rooming-house ' on
North Beach and became the property of ¦
the- Society. After some telephoning it
was decided to send him to the nursery,
and he wan enrolled February 13. 1893. as
eleven month* of age and under the name
of Richard Miller.
That whh Ida i list change.
Everything went on in the even tenor
of its way In the nursery as It always
doen, and I>l < • v was thoroughly at home
and very happy. Best of all, he had for
gotten the mother who had found it too
much trouble to care for him.
The tablet) were Just reversed. She
hadn't been able to forget him. WMen
everything was still ana the world was
at rest, she heard the small voice calling.
The baby hands had clutched too tightly
to be put unide ho lightly.
A strange woman rang the nursery bell
one morning and announced that she had
come to take her boy home. No one
knew her, but when she said "Richard
Miller" they could hardly believe their
eyes or ears.
That night the roll numbered one lesa
than in the morning, but there was gen
eral'rejoicing, Jor a child had been pro
vided for and well, and that is the re
ward that pleased the matron best.
Again time i.lipped its tether, and one
bright morning she was surprised to see
a familiar youngster playing gleefully
in the «and pile with the others. Rich
ard was a visitor at the homo again, as
he had not been placed there. AH that
he could tell them was "Mamma and me
went to see the birdies, ai|d when we saw
the fellers, she said I could play a llt-
The "birdie" had only been a 'snare and
a delusion. In other words, a means to
an end, for Mrs. Earnest had found that
a real live baby was much more trouble,
annoyance and worry than a phantom
one.
The little fellow was contented In his
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
new. old homo, and while ho sometimes
cried for "Mamma, mamma," it was not
often. All tho love and affection tlurt is
Riven to h baby as supreme ruler of th«
household is very apt to be wasted. If
It has plenty to eat. v wwm, snug cradle
and something to amuse It, the world
holds no other, bliss. ' .'-, ' .''
Dick's foster mother had not forgotten
nor lout track of him. and when she
learned of his second desertion, she up
plied to the authorities at the nursery
lor him. ....¦-¦ ' ",'" ¦ _ *
Change number three. • From Earnest
back to Miller again. "
In an ordinary fiction story this should
have been the last chapter and all should
have ended well, but truth is sometimes
stranger than fiction. . • "
About that time Professor Harold Whit-
Ing of Berkeley decided to go on a trip to
the East via Panama. As the two children ¦
would be more than his wife could eas»
Uy manage, he offered Eleanor Miller
such Inducements to accompany. them
that she placed Dick again In the home,
knowing well . that it would be the best
and safest . place for him during her ab
sence. ¦ ' ' ' . '¦ '" "''¦ "¦ ' •"• ;
The day before she sailed she. went to
see the matron and arranged to partially
pay for the boy. On going out f she re
marked that she was going directly to
the bank to have Dick's name substituted
for her own. While the money was not
a fortune It amounted to several hundred
dollars, and In case any accident should
befall him, he could have , all , necessary
; attention. ¦- ¦ v---' ¦• • ¦ •-- • ' ¦ •*"' ''¦' --2.L '•">¦¦
¦ This foster mother was far ..different
from his own flesh and blood. She was
always considering his welfare and. hap
piness: ever thoughtful. ; r^ r rr- ¦' v/ ¦¦
On the 18th day of May, 1895, the Colima
sailed with the Whiting family and maid,
and since that time no one has ever seen
nor heard of any one on < board. The re- ,
port f sent in to the home was "lost at
Dick was out another mother. - '
.Borne wise man has said that provi
dence takes care of drunkards anu chil
dren, and it seems so. Through some mis
take the bank book never, round its way
to the nursery. In fact :to < this .« day <
neither the bank nor the money can be
traced. So ihe tiny fortune of this or
phan is slowly growing and Increasing
somewhere in this big city.
Hut where is that somewhere? That Ik
the question. To all queries is given the
same headshake. How can anybody true*
the money without the name of the bank?
If anybody can solve the riddle one small
boy's life will be made richer and may be
turned into an entirely different channel.
As it is, Richard Miller Id an object of
charity. Not one cent is paid for his
maintenance In any shape or form.
Yet his life ls>no different from any
other boy of his age. He rises and has
a good, substantial brenkfast. In order to
keep him out of mischief from half after
7 until school time light duties are given
him to perform. From 9 until S he at
tends public school and afterward plays
as hard as any youngster of 11 possibly
c:m, until dinner time. And then it's
night.
Money or no money, mother or no moth
er, what difference does it make?
Just this much. The Child has always
been called a surly mischief makor.
Twice for the want of something better
to do he has run away from the home and
taken two younger boys with him.
He was king of the sand pile and never
did a more despotic ruler exist.
And it was all because he didn't car*
for anybody and nobody cared for him.
There was a vague something that he
missed, but he couldn't make out Just
what it was.
The matron and president resolved to
try a little strategy on their parts. They
wondered if affection wouldn't win tht
day. Mrs. Berti, the president, says it
is a decided success. "The child has
changed wonderfully. He has lost his sul
len air and is always willing and glad to
be of any use. He is our trusted man of
the house and I don't know how we can
get along without him." For that is Just
what they are going to do soon. Twice
a home has been offered him. The first
promised work and not much home, but
tho second one offered just what they dis
covered was needed— some one to care for
him.
Dick Is not the least bit discouraged and
is quite willing to try his luck again with
another foster-parent. And he does not
mind in the least changing his name with
his residence if necessary. If such should
be the case it will make the fourth time,
and no wonder he asks, "What's In a
name?"
There isn't a single chick or child in
the home who hasn't a strange history if
one would take the trouble to look it up.
The other night the bell rang about 10
o'clock and when the nurse answered the
door she heard some one running away
and a paper bag was lying on the rug.
"Why, said she. "I knew what It was
without looking, and I called the matron
and started for the kitchen and hot water
just as fast as I could. The baby was
nearly frozen, for a paper bag and &
few old rags are not warranted to keep
any one warm. But she is all right now
and gaining rapidly."
So Is it a wonder that the home Is filled
with stories? After a warm debate the
ladies decided to keep the little one, for
although the home Is not for foundlings,
in this case they felt It would be cruel not
to make an exception. So she- was chris
tened Ruth, and that name will aurflca
until she goes into the world to battle for
herself. Then if she needs another it
probably will be Home.
The plan of naming the childrep after
the home is not a half bad one. And so
when Johnny Home and Nellie Home and
all the rest of the large Home family five
that as their name, they can honestly
claim it as their very own.
To keep such an institution going- costs
ever so much money. The dues that are
paid monthly by the ladies are not nearlr
enough to keep it running smoothly, but
the State gives them so much a year, and
strangers assist them now and then,
then.
Did any of you know that Wells-Tarfe
deliver free of charge any parcel that does
not weigh more than a man can stagger
under? Well, they do. and all you have
to do is to weed over Johnnies and Jane's
old wornout clothes and ring up the ex
press company. The matron does all the
rest and you would be surprised to see
how awfully clever she is making things
out of nothing. There is a knack in It.
and she certainly has it down to a line
help things along the Board of Man
agers are going to have a swell affair In
the Maple room In the Palace Hotel on the
21st of November. They Intend^ to call
it a gift sale and any one who la Interest
ed in babies, can easily help those who
came so near being left out In the scram
ble for this world, jooda^ MOOJtM .
112
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON'S
"LIVES OF THE HUNTED,"
IT Is hardly possible that any one who
reads at all has not made the ac
quaintance of Ernest Seton-Thompson
Through his charming animal stories.
If such there be let him delay no
longer, but go right out and get "Wild
Animals I Have Known.' and then "Trail
of the Sandhill Stag." and then the "Biog
raphy at a. Grizzly." and then this latest of
Mr. Seton-Thompson's books that has
just been brought out by Charles Scrlb
ner's "Live* of the Hunted."
"Lives of the Hunted" contains, as Its
author says, "a true account of the doings
of five quadrupeds and three birds." In
rubject matter, treatment, form and gen
eral make-up It Is very similar to "Wild
Animals I Have Known' —even more fully
Illustrated, for there are more than 200
drawings done as only Mr. Seton-Thotnp- '
son can do animal pictures
Mr. Seton-Thompson ha* always re
ceived due credit for the full-c*re illus
trations of his books, but for the marginal
sketches a hazy idea has arisen that pos
sibly they were done by Mrs Seton-
Thompson: or at least It was known that
Mrs. Seton-Thompson had something- to
do with her husband's books, but what It
was has never been exactly stated. This
is explained in the preface of the present
volume:
"The public has not fully understood the
part that Grace Gallatln Seton-Thompson
does in my work. The stories are written
by myself, and all the pictures, Including
the marginals, are my own handiwork,
but In choice of subject to illustrate, In
ide&s of its treatment, In the technical
book-making and the preliminary designs
for cover and title page, and in the liter
ary revision of the text her assistance has
been essential."
Aside from their literary value as good
stories well written, all of Mr. Seton-
Thompson's tales deserve credit for work
which they undoubtedly accomplish In a
•rood cause stopping the extermination of
harmless wild animals. He says:
"I have tried to stop the stupid and bru
tal work of destruction by an appeal—
to reason that has failed hitherto— but to
sympathy, and especially the sympathies
of the coining generation."
His stories oertainly do appeal to the
sympathies very strongly. After you read
"Chlr.k" you will find yourself can-vine
- "-ackers in your pockets for free distribu
tion among every band of little yellow
pups that you chance to meet.
"Chink" is this kind of a dog, the regu
lation type of just "dog" that is so well
known.
Every passing wagon and horseman
and grazing Calf had to be chivvied, and
" the Cat from the guardhouse, strayed
by Chink felt that It was a solemn duty
he owed to the soldiers, the Cat and him
self to chase her home at frightful speed
He would dash twenty times a day after
an old hat that Bill used deliberately to
r hrow info a Wasp's nest with the order
'Fetch It!'
"It took time, but countless disasters
'"•ran to tell. Chink slowly realized that
'here were, long whips and big, fierce
Dogs with wagtins: that Horses have
teeth in their heels: that Calves have rel
atives with clubs on their heads: that a
fl^w Cat may turn out a skunk, and that
¦""asps are not Butterflies. Yes, it took
an uncommonly long time, but It all told
la the end Chink began to develop a
crair.- little one, but a living, growing
prair> — ff pood Pop sens*."
The growing of this grain and the d**
v«=-opm<»nt of "Chink" Is most satlsfac
t*mry even though It is rather pathetic,
•¦""•link" has a trust given htm and his
<"i*>llty nearly costs him his life. Mr.
Thompson assures us that the story
1« r*>nl!y true — in any event It Is so inter
esting and so well told that It cannot fail
it on .a sympathetic point for every
forlorn Mttle dog that may haDpen to
r«*» the nath of any on" who has "a 1!
" The Development of a Pup."
Krap. the Kootenay Ram." is the lon?
"¦=? ">r- in th» book. You will get more
ratural history, and of the kind that
«r*rks In the mind, out of this tale In five
-^smites than you could pet In an hour
f>-om I text book— but that Is a criticism
•"-.-;: «hould be tacked on to an estimate
-'. «=very Mof th« author's articles.
One ->' the most dramatic bits that Mr
«*fon-Thompson has written Is where he
»*!!* of Scotty MacDoairall taking th«
?"-all Mi for twelve week* following the
?^m over ten mountain ranges and five
b-jndred miles of snow. Finally In the
in?t weeks Scotty and Krag are general
ly in eight of each other:
"Why did he not fly far away, and baf-
O th»> hunter by his speed? Because he
TruPt feed. The man had his dried veni
son and chocolate, enough for many days.
ntri when they were gone he could shoot
¦ har» or a grouse, hastily cook It. and
'ravel all day on that. But the ram re
quired hours to t>eek the scanty grass
ur.der the snow."
They become so much accustomed to
wat chins; *arh other that each grows to
»>*» a part of the other's life: In fact, when
by a ruse Scotty manages to lay the great
ram low and has at last in his possession
tbomt magnificent horns that he had ex
l>^ct«»d to cell for a fine figure, he refuses
nbsolutely to part with them. The strain
of the chase has been too much for htm
And 5n *^very great wind that blows past
bis lonely cabin he seems to hear the
priestly voice of the ram calling at him.
I'our year* go by. Scotty has given up
bc&tfns entirely and earns his living by
the gold-pan, but Hill the impression that
th« ram is after him grows stronger from
«ley to day. The ghostly finger of warn
ing that Mr. Seton-Thompson points at
th» old i.vr.it.r in the final climax of his
story tm sufficient to reform the most
heedless of those who slay merely for
records.
If you think there Is no romance In the
life of <«vcn a little, cheap English spar
row. Just read "A Street Troubadour."
•md M how little you have thought of
The lives of the. lowly It Is a* dainty a
descriptive hit of domestic bird troubles
as you -i-.n imagine.
"Johnny Bear" IS simply fine The
humor is delicious. This story i:- the re-
Eult of some, heart-to-heart interviews
the author had with the bears in Yelluw
tone Park.
All the animals there are protected by
the Government. No gun* are allowed In
the reservation and consequently the wild
creatures become quite tame. Near the
Fountain Hotel Is quite a dense forest,
the home of many bears. These beam
make a free lunch counter of the garbage
pi It from the hotel; so to make a clone
i-iudy of the beasts Mr Seton-Thompson
dug a pit In the garbage pile and hid
tncre that he might get picture* and a
clotcr acquaintance with bruin. This cer
tainly ehowa the enthusiasm of the true
lover naturalist. Parenthetically, wo
mufct compliment Mr. Beton-Thompson on
hi* hardihood— not «so much In risking dis
covery, but in sacrificing *c-lf for science
against that strong combination of flics',
warm weather and garbage.
Johnny, himself, is the delightful but
rather impossible gon of Grumpy. He is
a dyepeptic baa a mangy coat and on«
bad log, and spends most of his time In
*rf-Ttin?r bis mother into trouble. One of
Johnny's funniest escapades Is when he
,-.*>\* a whin! of plum Jam from the kitchen
window. It Is too good to miss, so here
It Is in full:
t '.ri' heard the story from three r.ron«d
nu.-vttt«iu<«re. As they were very M-naii:
at.oi-1 '¦.wine th-lr word doubted, and very
•Mjwi snot* with U»e revolver. 1 believed ever/
word they told me, especially when afterward
Indorsed by the park authorities.
It seemed that of all the tinned goods on the
pile the nearest to Johnny's taste were marked
with a large purple plum. This conclusion he
had airived at only after most exhaustive
study. The very odor of those plums In
Johnny's nostrils was tho equivalent of
ecstacy. So when it came about one day that
the cook of the hotel baked a huge batch of
plum tarts the telltale wind took the story
afar Into the woods, whore It was wafted by
way of Johnny' 6 nostrils to his very soul.
Of course, Johnny was whimpering at the
time. His mother was busy "washing his
face and combing his h.lr, " so he had doubla
cause for whimpering. But the smell of the
tarts thrilled him. He jumped up, and when
his mother tried to hold him he squalled, and
I am afraid he bit her. Site should have cuKed
him, but 6he did not. Php only gave a dis
approving growl and followed to see that h«
came to no harm.
With his Mule black noae In the wind,
Johnny led straight for" the kitchen. He took
the precaution, however, of climbing from
time to time to the very top of a pine treu
lookout to take an observation, while Grumpy
stayed below
Thus they came close to the kitchen, and
there. In the la*t tree, Johnny's courage as a
leader gave out, so he remained aloft and ex
pressed his hankering for tarts In a. woe-begon?
wall.
It is not likely that Grumpy knew exactly
what her son was crying for. But It is sure
that aa soon as she showed an inclination to
go back Into the pines Johnny protested in
such an outraareoua and heartrending screech-
Ing that his mother simply could not leave
htm, and he show%d no signs of coming down
to b« led away.
Grumpy herself was fond of plum Jam. The
odor was now, of course, very strong and pro
portionately alluring, so Grumpy followed it
somewhat cautiously up to the kitchen door.
There was nothing surprising about this.
The rule of "live and let live" Is *o strictly
enforced in the park that the Bears often come
to the kitchen door for Dlckings, and on get
ting something they go quetly back to the
woods Doubtless Johnny and Grumpy would
A Book of Lyrics Worth Reading.
GELETT BURGESS.
A BOOK of lyrics from the pen of
Gelett Burgess has just been pub
lished by Small. Maynard &
Co., Boston. Many of these ap
peared in "The bark" st the time when
that attractive magazine was sonring in
flights of fancy under the able editorship
of Mr. Burgess. OWiers of theae poem*
arc r.ow in print for the first time. -
Mr. Burgess' name has become ho asso
ciated with nonsense stuff, with the bl
tarre and with freakish literature that
many do not know of the. really fine seri
ous work that he can do. Here is a lit
tle gem of twelve lines:
CHILDHOOD.
Fair ¦• a star, rare as a star,
The Joys of the future lie
To the eye* of a child, to the nigh* of a child,
. Heavenly far and high'
Fair »• a -dream, rare an a dream.
The hop** of a future sure
To the wondering child, to the blundering child
Trusting, and free, and pure'
Fair Is the soul, rare is the soul
Who has kept, after youth Is past.
All the art of the child, all the heart of the child
Holding his faith at last'
Now. those verses do not have the Bur
gess ring an we are accustomed to hear
It. do they? They art so simple, so pure,
so honest, and so entirely the opposite
of anything grotesque. Yet they are hl«,
and his book. "A Gage of Youth," con
tains many others in similar vein that
are equally delightful.
Hie "Ballade of Conceit" has more of
the better known Burgess In it. They are
rather hard line* to run on a book page
— Komctulng in the nature of a cold bath
for the humble reviewer.' Still, as no one
is chilled but the lowly < rl?l< let us re
|.<.it them:
BALLADE OF CONCEIT.
To all ye critics who come to chill
And to smirch the work of the blessed few.
Who feed on the fancy they try to kill.
1 snap my fingers — the sapless crew!
Whet do I rare If they bark and mew?
This In the teeth of the mouths that whine:
What have ye wrought ye ran nay this' to:
'"liy Jove, I made It. and It Is mine!"
Merer a book that was writ co 111,
Never a picture so false of hue.
Never a '.one with so little thrill.
That It had not something I'm glad was true!
What If I fall? I can ntlll pursue
Joy of Creation, the gilt divine!
And he who creates has at least thin view:
•'By Jove, I made it, and It Is mine!"
Thank Ood, who gave me the wits and will.
And the. raging passion to put It through, ¦
I never raw tank that took so much skill
I dared not try, and I dared not do 1 ,
My work Is crude, and a bit opkew.
You're free to condemn It. line by line.
But. br«-d of my brain, in my heart it grew:
•¦By Jove. 1 made It. and It Is mine."
ENVOY. . *"*
Critics, your paraMte life j^-new!
Drink my conceit, for It flows like wine:
Here lii my poem, and here Is your cue:
"By Jo\e. I inude It, and It Is mine!
"Willy and the Lady," from a. popular
standpoint, in the best thine in the book,'
each have gotten the tart but that a new fac
tor appeared In the caac. That week tha hotel
people had brought a new Cat from the Eaat.
She was not much more than a kitten, but
mil had a litter of her own, and at the mo
ment that Grumpy reached the door the Cat
and her family were sunning themselves on
the top step. Pussy opened her eyes to see
this huge, shaggy monster towering above her.
The Cat had never before seen a Bear— she
had not been there lonn enough; she did not
even know what a Bear was. She knew what
a Dog was. and here waa a bigger, more awful
bobtalled black dog than she had ever dreamed
of coming right at her. Her rtrst thought was
to fly for her life. But her next was for the
kittens. She must take care of them. She
must at least cover their retreat. So. like a
brave little mother, she braced herself on that
doorstep, and spreading her back, her flaws,
her tall and everything she had to spread, she
screamed out at that Bear an unmistakable
crder to
STOP!
The language must have been "Cat," but th-»
meaning was clear to the Bear, for those who
Raw tt maintain stoutly that Grumpy not only
Hopped, but »he also contormed to the cus
tom of the country and in token of surrender
held un her hands.
Hiwever, the position she thus took madn
her so high and the Cat seemed tiny in the
distance below. Old Grumpy had faced a
Grizzly once, and was she now to be held up
by a miserable little sptke-tatled skunk no
Mpger than a mouthful? She was ashamed of
herself, especially when a wail from Johnny
smote on her ear and reminded her of her
plain duty, as well as supplied his usual moral
support.
So she dropped down on her front feet to
proceed-
Again tha Cat shrieked, "Stop!"
But Grumpy Ignored the command. A
scared mew from a kitten nerved the Cat, anfl
the launched her ultimatum, which ultimatum
was heraelf. Eighteen sharp claws, a mouth
ful of keert teeth, had Pussy, and «he worked
them all with a desperate will when she land
ed on Grumpy's bare, bald, sensitive nose. Just
the spot of all where the Bear could not statvl
it, and then worked backward to a point out
When I say popular, however, I should
add In the way of "masculine popularity,"
for It may be that the fair sex will take
exception to the general sentiment of the
poem. Anyway, It Is rattling good stuff.
Read It aloud and see what a fine swing
the lines have)
WILLY ANT* THE LAPY.
Leave the lady. Willy, let the racket rip.
She Is going to fool you, you have lost your
grip.
Your brain Is in a muddle and your heart Is In
a whirl.
Come along with me. Willy, never mind the
girl!
Come and have a Man-Talk,
Come with those who can talk. .
Light your pipe and listen, and the boys will
see you through: , • .
Love Is only chatter,
Friends are all that matter.
Come and talk the Man-Talk; that's the cur* .
for you. ' .. '
Leave the lady, Willy, let her letter wait.
You'll forget your troubles when you get It
straight. . '.
The world Is full or women, and the women
full of. wile;
Come along with me, Willy, we can make you
smile!
Come and have a' Mnn-Talk.
t A rousing black-and-tan talk, I
There are plenty there to teach you, there's a
. lot for you to do:
Your heal must stop Its whirling
Before you go a-glrllng,
Tome and talk the Man-Talk; that's the cure
for you!
Leave the lady. Willy, the night Is good an*
long.
Time for beer and !baccy, time to have a song;
Where the smoke Is swirling, sorrow If you
can — , • .
Come along with me, Willy, come and be a
man! •
Come and have a Man-Talk,
Come and hear the clan talk,
We've all of us been . there before, and Jolly
glad It's through!
We'll advise you confidently.
And we'll break It to you gently. i
Come and talk the Man-Talk; that's the cur«
for you!
Leave the lady, Willy, you are rather young;
When the tales are over, when the songs are
sung.
When the men have made you, try the girl
again;
Come along with me, Willy, you'll be better
then!
Come' and have a Man-Talk, - *•
Forget your glrl-dlvan talk. ¦'
You've got to get acquainted with another
point of view! " ... _
Girls will only fool 'you.
We're the ones to school you,
Come and talk the Man-Talk; that's the cure
for you! •. ¦, ;j •" , ¦
Now that you have finished "Willy and
the Lady," I can hear the small voice
shrieking "Kipling." Well, suppose It
does suggest Kipling. There Is no harm k
In that, is there? If ' Burgess can beat
Kipling at; his own game, why so much
the more credit to Burgess. • v. .A
.  - , ,B. O. LATHROP.
THE STJNDAT CALL.
wide the sweep of Grumpy 1 * claws. After ont
or two vain attempts to shake the spotted fury
off. old Qrumuy did Ju«t as moit creatures
would have done Under the circumstances. Bhi
turned tail and bolted out of the enemy'i
country into her own woods.
But Puney'a righting blood was up. She wai
not content with repelling the enemy: «h«
wanted to Inflict a crushing defeat, to achieve
an absolute and final rout. And however fast
old Grumpy might go it did ifot count, for th»
Cat was atlll on top, working her teeth and
naws like a little demon. Grumpy, alwayn
erratic, now became panic-stricken. The trail
of the pair was necked with tufts of long
black hair, and there was even bloodshed Me
the fiftieth degree). Honor was surety satis
fled, but Pussy was not. Round and round
they had gone In the mad race. Grumpy was
frantic, absolutely humiliated, and ready to
make any terms, but Pusey seemed deaf to her
cough-like vplds, and no one knows how far
the Cat might have ridden that day had not
Johnny unwittingly put a new Idea into his
mothers head by bawling in his best style
from the top of his last tree, which trea
Grumpy made for and scrambled up.
This was bo clearly the enemy's country and
Ih view of his reinforcements that the Cat
wisely decided to follow no farther. She
Jumped from the climbing bear to the ground
and then mounted sentry guard below, march-
Ing around with tall in the air, daring that
Bear to come down. Then the kitten* came
out and sat around and enjoyed tt all hugely.
And the mountaineers assured me that the
Bears would have been kept up the tree till
they were marved had not the cook of the
hotel come out and called off his Catr-although
this statement was not among those vouched
for by the officers of the park.
"The Mother Teal and the Overland
Route" tells the story of the thrilling
adventures of Mrs. Duck and her family
of ten In getting from their nest Into the
pond.
"The Kangaroo Rat" Is a study In
natural history that reads like a fairy
tale— that Is, as far as the daintiness and
charm of execution are concerned.
"Tito" Is a' strong story of "The Coyote
That Learned How." It Is one of the best
in the book and I regret that lack of space
prevents giving it more attention. The
main point of the story lies In the out
witting of a man by a coyote that had
been brought up in captivity and by bitter
experience learned the lessons of dogs,
prisons, traps, men ami guns. Tito finally
escapes from her c-.ptor*:. and then. In the
pursuit till the death that is ever the fate,
of the hunted thing, she turns her prac
tical though severe education ti good use.
(The price of "Lives of the Hunted" la
$175.) E. G. LATIIROP.
The Award of Justice.
"The Award of Justice" Is a novel by A.
Maynard Harbour. As was to be expected
of the author of "That Main waring Af
fai;-," this new novel by Mr. Barbour Is
replete In strength and In the vivid por
trayal of human nature In Its most allur
ing aspects. The contest of 'brains In track-
Ing and bringing to justice violators of
the law always possesses a fascination
nd Mr. Barbour Is an adept' in depicting
the many exciting scenes and Incidents In
volved In a story of this kind. *
The scene of ''The Award of Justice" Is
laid In a spot full of attractiveness— a
valuable' mining property in the heart of
the Rockies, owned by a wealthy Eastern
syndicate, of which the venerable ' mlf-
Iknaln;, Mr. .Cameron. is the h»ad.
A rascally Western mining company en
trusted with the .. management ,of the
mires ,Is systematically plundering the
owners. A young nephew of Mr. Cam
eron—a mining expert, a millionaire and
a hero— sent out Incognito to Investl
grte. The thrilling story of young Hous
ton's Intelligent battle against tralnei.
strong, and unscrupulous, villainy is well
told and culminates in the blowing 'up of
the mines for the purpose of destroying
all evidence of fraudulent practice on the
perl of the manager.
But this is not the only nor the principal
element of Interest In this fascinating
I -.ok. Not one but several • romances of
Interest. . covering the field of business,
friendship nnd of love, are skillfully blend
ed In unity. ... •
. Houston, the" hero, Is"* provided with a
JUMnir mate in. the. lmperial Mlsh Gladden.
who, in the most natural way. Is brought
upon th« sitiio a^;the right time to dis
cover and admire his great qualities. The
beautiful Lyle Maverick— ln the rude sur
rounding? in "which she was. found un
accountable for her refined 'character—
r<r red in the severest hardships of West
ern- life. Is a young girl In whom Morton
Rutherford, the friend and companion of
Houston, finds a much prized treasure,
even before he knows who her parer/ts
really are. The gloomy recluse of the
mountains who has figured in an exciting
way in the mining story Is another inter
eft ing personage, whose past. when It
is finally disclosed, proves full of surprises
to the* friends he has made among the
mountains. (Published by Rand, McNally
& Co.. Chicago. Price $1 50.) • •
Social Spirit in America.
"The Social Spirit In America" Is by
Charles Richmond Henderson, professor
of . sociology ik,the University ¦ of Chi
cago. ¦ ¦¦ < •'.'.'¦
The aim of the book Is to place before
the general reader some of the forms of
activity that are being manifested In the
Interests of social reform. It Is believed
that extending the knowledge of the
manifesting of, this uncial spirit will
greatly enlarge, the activity toward social
progress. The titles of a few of the chap
ters will Indicate the character of the
book: "Better Houses for the People."
"Public Health." "Good Roads and Com
munication." "What Good Employers
Are Doing." "Organization of Wage
Earners." "Economic Co-operation of the
Community." "Political Reforms," "Char
ity and Correction" and "The Social
Spirit In Conflict with Anti-Social Insti
tutions." ' • , •",". ' .
The author's studies In this special field
have given him a wide acquaintance with
present conditions, and his knowledge of
reform movements enables him to write
with Intelligence and fairness.
"The concrete methods here described
arc not Imaginative Inventions of the au
thor, but ways by which earnest men and
women have actually achieved success.
No attempt has been made to produce
an exhaustive encyclopedia of social re
forms, but only to illustrate a tendency
and encourage individual workers and as
sociations.
"Many people of generous nnd patriotic
sympathies eager to advocate goodness,
truth and beauty arc discouraged from
undertaking large enterprises and cosmic
schemes by their vastness, remoteness
and complexity. Show them a way from
their own door which leads straight to a
task which is not beyond their resources
of knowledge, time and money, and they
cheerfully follow It to a definite duty, and
return to their 'homes with satisfaction
of heart and conscience." ' ,
The hook will be found an excellent
manual for social and study clubs and
will be equally interesting and valuable
for the general reader. It Is fully indexed
and contains a well selected bibliography
to each chapter. . (Published by Scott,
Foreaman & Co., Chicago. Price 60.)
Great Masters of Painting.
"Among the Great Masters of Paint
ing" la an Interesting volume from the
pen of Walter Rowlands. Works on the
history of art are very numerous, and
also, for the most part, exceedingly dull.
Mr. Rowlands, however, has succeeded in
the rare task of writing a book which Is
not only Instructive but also readable,
fresh and exhilarating. We are not given
a catalogue of the names of painters and
canvases, but are seated In the studios
of the great masters of art and behold
the Immortal works of the Imagination
in the process of making. Thus we be
come in fancy the ¦ contemporaries of
Rubens and Titian and Velasques, as well
as of Hogarth and Reynolds and a score
of other painters represented In this work.
This is In many respects an exquisite and
valuable giftbook. To have Illustrated tho
book with reproductions of well-known
palntlnc" by the musters whose works
are described would have been an easy
tusk; v much mure useful and difficult
; Oeve* 1 Sooit of tftf jf nST^s F^onn Japan"
HERE Is an illustration from the
cover of "Jingles from Japan." A.
M. Robertson, the San Francisco
- publisher, undoubtedly has a most
. taking holiday novelty in this odd little
volume with its Japanese paper dress and
Its striking Japanese Illustrations, by
Miss Helen Hyde and merry Jingles by
Miss Mabel Hyde.
The pictures, In red and black, are real
thing has been accomplished in reproduc
ing: famous paintings of scenes In the lives
of the painters themselves. AS, for in
stance. "The Death of Leonardo da
VinM." from the painting by J. A. D.
Inpres; "The Sleep of Fra Angellco," by
Albert Malgnan, and "Charles V Picking
l*p Titian's Brush." by Carl Becker. (Pub
lished by Dana, Estes & Co., Boston.
Price $1 50.)
- Parliamentary Practice.
The publication "' a second edition of
Rufus Waples* "Handbook on Parlia
mentary Practice" has afforded the au
thor an opportunity to revise the original
work and to enlarre It by the addition of
matter which criticism' of the original
work showed to be necessary. The revi
sion and addition*, however, do not ma
terially alter the treatment of the theme.
In hip preface to the Fecund edition the
nuthor has had the satisfaction of beine
able to say: "Eighteen year* have passed
sine* this book was first published. Dur
ing that time there ha* been a hnriM cor
respondence on the Bublec»lk o ' it ami many
questions have been asked and answered:
yet no one has pointed out any error in
the book. Some: explanation?, however,
seem advisable and some additional mat
ter desirable. This book now Introduces
the subject* more gradually than It did
before, presenting first- the elementary
principles. A new chapter Is added cover
ing several topics and attempting to cor
rect some misleading notions." The aim
of the work is to reduce the whole code
of parliamentary practice 'to a system*
readily comprehended so that any ques
tion which arisen may be solved on prin
ciple,. It undertakes no Innovations upon
established usages and has no other ob
ject than that of enabling n learner to ac
quire a knowledge of the rules a and
methods by which parliamentary work is
carried on. As the ¦ aUthor himself • ex
pressfs It: "So. novelty In the law and
usages of deliberative bodies is Introduced
or attempted: on the contrary the merit
claimed Is that of rendering rules of order
plain, certain and readily applied." (Pub
lished by Callaghan & Co., Chicago.)
Fine Ridge Plantation.
The hero nf "Pine Ridge Plantation."
by William Drysdale. Is an underpaid and
oVerworked farm drudge, who Is not con
tent to work aimlessly from day to day,
hut who sets out to make his own living.
He purchases a piece of cheap land In
the South and through persistent efforts
converts it Into a prosperous cotton
plantation. The evolution of the
"patch" into the plantation Is consist
ently worked out by the author, and the
story !s brimful of life and earnest en
oeavor. Its purpose is to show how "lib
erty and living" may be secured without
lapital. and how Independence of char
acter is bound to succeed in the end.
But the book in never a series of s.ige
rules or models by which the ownei of
Pine Ridge Plantation succeeded. It Is
simply the picture of a sturdy, energetic
American boy and his sister, who had
more than one laughable experience In
their first days of unguided effort, but
who learned something from each epi
sode — just as any intelligent, ambitious
boy should learn from a perusal of (his
practical, entertaining story. (Published
by Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York.
Price $1 50.)
God Save the King.
A new story Is out by Ronald Mac Do
nald—also the author of that stirring ro
mance, "The Sword of the King," cover
ing a period In English history a little
earlier than its predecessor. Like the
former story, the present one is autobio
graphical In form: but it is the hero this
time, not tho heroine, who tells it, and
who figures an tho chief actor in the
thrilting events described. This young
royalist befriends, at a critical moment,
the defeated and wandering Charles 11,
before the King's escape to the Continent
after the battle of Worcester. The hero
lne aids him in this adventure, and she
and he and the restored monarch are 'the
principal actors in an exciting episidc that
furnishes the climax of the story. (Puu
lshed by The Century Company. New
York. Price $1 50.)
Royal Rogues.
* A charming fairy tale that will win the
heart of any child is "Royal Rogues,"
by Alberta Bancroft. In fact "Royal
Rogues" Is so well told that it cannot but
appeal even to the grown-up whose duty
Impressions
Calendar
1902.
Beautiful, Practical,
Original.
Good When (he Year Is Done
$122
Posteftlrf Anywhere.
• ••?»••
Efdcr and Shepard,
238 POST STREET.
ly quite out of the ordinary. They have
all the Japanese swing and dash, for Miss
Helen -Hyde has spent some time in Ja
pan. In fact, she has only quite recently
returned to Ban Francisco, with her trunk
full of Japanese curiosities and with Jap
anese art at her finger tlpes. Aside from
the Jolly tone of the verses the lines con
tain many a picture of Japanese life thac
Is novel and interesting. (Price 75 cents.)
it is to read out loud to the smaller mem
bers of the family. The heroes are merry
twin rogues, the sons of a king, but with
a strain of fairy blood in th«ir veins.
Their explorations in fairyland are de
lightfully wild and strange and calcu
lated to hold the young reader In a state
of breathless attention. The book is re
markably well illustrated In color and
half-tone by drawings from the brush of
Louis Betts. (Published by G. P. Put
nam's Sons. New York. Price $1 33.)
Literary Notes.
Katharine Pyle's clever Illustrations
adorn the pages of her new Juvenile. "As
the Goose Flies." which Little. Brown 9t
Co. will publish early in November. These
pictures are numerous and give added In
terest to the fairy tale, which should be
a* popular as Miss Pyle's "The Christmas
Angel."
Lane's translation of "The Arabian
Nights," which has Just been newly pub
lished In six volumes by the MacmiUan
Company, contains 100 photogravure il
lustrations by Stanley Wood and an intro
duction by Joseph Jacobs of fairy tali
fame. They are handy volumes, light in
weight, and well printed, with handsome
covers.
As we come toward the Christmas holi
days larger space in the magazines is
Riven to fiction. The Cosmopolitan In
cludes a tragic story of the Mexican foot
hills by Thomas A. Janvier; a very clever
society story by Carolyn Wells, one of the
old French romances by Richard Le Gal
lienne. an* unusually interesting Indian
narrative by H. T. George and a weird
story by S. R. Crockett.
DouWeday. Pap« & Co., are just pub
lishing Charles H. Cofßn's magnflceut
took on "Photography as a Fine Art."
with a hundred pictures showing the
work rf such expert photographers as Al
fred Stleglitz. Gertrude Kasebier. James
T. Kelley. Fr.ink Eusrene. W. B. Dyer.
Clarence H. White, Edward Steichen and
Rudolf Eickmcyer Jr., and others who are
doing th*» most of what is artistic in pho
tography.
Mary Hartw?ll Catherwood, author of
the new and Interesting novel "Lazarre."
Is the subject of the monthly portrait and
biography In November Book News.
There Is a timely article on the writing.*
of Theodore Roosevelt: also a sketch an 1
portrait of Margaret Horton Potter. 'The
Author's Calendar for the month is given,
the magazines are briefly reviewed, anl
Dr. Talcott Williams talks about thj
more Important new books. There are
more than the usual number of review*
of new books, and pictures from same.
Harper A Brothers published on October
25 the following new books: "Heroines of
Fiction," two volumes, uniform with
"Literary Frionds and Acquaintances."
by W. D. Howells: "Alice's Adventures
In Wonderland," with forty full-page Il
lustrations by Peter Newell: "Over the
Plum Pud<ling" (sixth and final volume
of Harper's Portrait Collection), new
Christmas stories by John Kendrick
Bangs; "The House Di\ Ided," a novel by
H. B. Marriott Watson, author of "The
Princess Xenia." and "Let Not Man Put
Asunder." by Basil King, the tenth vol
ume of the American novel series.
Messcm. Herbert S. Stone & Co. have
revived an old fashion In publishing "The
Christmas Garland; A Miscellany of
Stories. Verses and Essays." In olden
times the Christmas annual was as reg
ular M the season Itself and as gayly
welcomed. It formed a kind of fireside
companion for the entire family, and was
Its main supply In the matter of reading.
Through its muns many a good thing has
MOT the light, and with such names as
Octave Thanet. Maurice Thompson. Maria
Louise Pool, George Ade. Clyde Fitch.
I.oulso Chandler Moulton. Kiln Wheeler
Wllcox. John Kendrick Bangs ami Ed
muiui OosFe to back it Up the present re
vival should carry on the tradition worth
ily.
McClurc's Migazlne for Nov-mber ha*
some very notrworthv nrt^les. One. that
Is probably of the greatest general inter
est, is an ex'-cllent paper on President
Roosevelt hy William Allon White Mr
White is so well known through his char
acter sketches f Bryan. Hanna and Cr>
kcr that It Is hardly necessary to say
anything further in his praise. Another
article deserving special mention is one
by Ray Stannanl Raker on "What the
United States Sjeel Corporation Real'.y
Is and How It Works." Other features
are: "Colonel .loslyn, V. S. A.." by M
Quad: "Faster Than the Express Train '
a description jf an automobile race from
Paris to Berlin, by Walter Wellman
"With His Back to the Wall." by Josep j
M. Rogers, and numerous other stories
and poems.
Doubleday, Page & Co. announce that
their magazine. "Country Life In Amer
ica" has found a welcome of unexpected
proportions and enthusiasm. The pub
lished announcement has led to orders
ior more than the first edition and of ad
vance subscriptions from would-be read
ers In unexpected numbers. Not . only
rloes the Idea of Country Life in Amer
ica appeal to all who love the country
but the name of the editor. L. H. Bailey
of Cornell, gives solid assurance that the
magazine will be popular, ' Interesting,
beautiful and of high standard. To make
sure of a "fair start." the publishers is
sued a complete sample number and have
Improved vastly upon this, now that they
have finally Issued the Initial number
Among tho contents Is an article by the
editor on abandoned farms, what they
are and what may be done with them,
with charming illustrations: an Illus
trated account of ex-Governor Lev! I*.
Morton's place, EUerslie; a two-page col
lection of suggestive pictures of pleasant
country homea: the history of the frog?
from tadpole to froghood, with remark
able photographs by A. R. Dugrnore
made from life; articles on planting the
lawn, the art of letting things grow, the
newest fruits, and a vast amount of prac
tical matter about the garden, the green
house, and even the window bos, all of
which Is abundantly illustrated.
Justin Huntly McCarthy has been for
some years constructing a romantic novel
founded on the career of Francois Villon.
Contrary to the general rule. Mr. ysqm
Carthy has dramatized his story before^
publishing it, and E. H. Sothern, in pro
ducing it, has scored one of his moat dis
tinguished successes. "If I Were
King" is the tltrt of the now finished
novel and it will be published within a
few weeks by R. H. Russell in a most at
tractive setting. In it Mr. McCarthy has
presented a most interesting picture of
the* life and time of Francois Villon, full
of thrilling adventure and dramatic epi
sodes and interwoven with as charming
a love story as has ever been told, writ
ten In that graceful diction and delightful
style of which Mr. McCarthy is a master
There is no doubt that it will be one of
the most widely read books of the year
Beautiful drawings in color and pictures
of Mr. Sothern and his company in the
principal roles, together with attractive
type and handsome binding, make the
book as charming In appearance as it is
fascinating in plot.
John Lockwood Kipling is an accom
plished artist. Those who knew him
in India remember the time when Rua
yard Kipling, though creating a consid
erable local reputation In his short stories,
was best known as the son of a famous
father. Mr. Kipling senior was for a
generation one of the central figures «)
around whom the artistic education of the
native population flourished. Under his
guidance the sons of the best families
were instructed in painting, modeling,
sculpture and woodworking, and In his
schools were students ranging from tod
dling boys of tenderest years to men of
thirty and upward.
After ten years at Bombay he accepted
the appointment of principal of the La
hore School of Art. where ne was also
curator of the museum. It is said by one
who knew him and hia contemporaries
that Mr. Kipling, senior, was the most
proficient Oriental scholar among Euro
pean residents. He had a marvelous
knowledge of the- dialects of India. Added
to this he was one of the chief authorities
on antiquarian subjects there and was
wont to be appealed to from all parts of
India for his judgment upon any Interest
ing "finds" of doubtful origin. Such a
treasure-store of strange and beautiful
things his house was as to be the envy
and despair of every antiquary of his ac
quaintance.
Lockwood Kipling, who was born at
Pickering, showed keen artistic tendencies
from his earliest years. After leaving
school he went into the potteries, where
he carried oft the Wedgwood Memorial
Art Prize. Subsequently he studied at
South Kensington, and his services on tha>
teaching staff led to his being sent by the \
Government to Bombay to direct art in
struction there. His work would have
sufficed to make the name of Kipling- fa
mous even had there not been the brilliant
Rudyard to add luster to it. All the Klp-
Ungrs are clever, and the head of the fam
ily is as many sided and gifted a man as
need be sought. He has a taste for liter
ature himself and has written a valuable
work. "Man and Beast in India."
Books Received.
SHIPMATES— By Morgan Robertson. IX
.Appleton.Jb Co.. New York. 50. -
A JAPANESE MISCELLANT— By Lafcadlo
Hearn. Little. Brown & Co..^Boston. $1 60.
ABOARD STORIES— By Mary H. Foster anj
Mabel H. Gumminga. Silver. Burdett & Co.,
New York. 36e.
IN SPITE OF* ALL— By Edna Lyall. Long
mans. Green & Co.. New York, $1 SO.
FERN LET HOUSE— By Laura E. Richards.
Dana. Estes & Co.. Boston.' II 25. ¦
BOYS OF THE FORT— By Captain Ralph
BonehlH. The Mershon Company. New York.
$1:3, .
THE ROVER BOYS ON THE GREAT
LAKES— By Arthur Wtnfleld.. The Mershon
Company, New York, $1 13. •
JINGLES FROM JAPAN— Verses by Mabel
Hyde, pictures by Helen Hyde A. M Rob
ertson, San Francisco. 75c.
THE ROAD TO FRONTENAC- By Samuel
Merwin. *Doubl«diy.' Fas« * Co New Torts- j
JIM. ; v *',' "":- »i* "/"¦*
JINGLEMAN JACK— Verses by James O"Dei
and pictures by Harry Kennedy. Th« 3a*lflel.l
Publishing Company. Akron. Ohio. $1 IS.
KINO MIDAS-By Upton Sinclair. Funk &
Wagrmlls Company, New York. »1 ».
THE PINES OF LORRY— By J. A. Mitchell
Life Publlsnlns Company. New York. $1 50.
MY LADY'S DIAMONDS— By Adeline Ser
geant. F. M. Buckles & C0.. -New York. tl 13.
A Unique
Holiday Gift.
.V: jingles 1 from Japan, as set forth
v by ; the .Ghinks. Containing 43 '
full-page pictures by Miss Helen
Hyde, verses by Mrss Mabel
Hyde.
.'^ PRICE 75c Net.
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publisher i
126 Post Street, . .- 7
SAN FRANCISCO. ,
* : Books of all publishers. V-..:FcV a
IT has been discovered that the
best way to get a new complexion
is to 'get' a new one. This isn't
the axiom that it sounds. We
have been in the habit of thinking
that we renewed our skins by rubbing
them, or stemming then, or oiling
them, c: enameling them. By no
means, says modern science. The way
to get a new complexion is to take off
the old one.
A very neat idea, don't you think
c or" An idea that occurred to the wisu
serpent long before it did to Eve. The
seipcnt has been in the habit of shed
dice his old skins for a great many
centuries back, but it is lather rscsnt
¦ ]y that Eve has learned the trick.
V Now that a^e has. however, she in
t.-.nds to niakr the best use of it. She
is devoting herself to the mask treat
ment, vrhich gsntiy but thoroughly
peels her face. m
It takes just seven d3vs to cccorr
plish this. In that time the mask,
which hss remarkable chemical prop
erties, adheres io the skin of the fac .
-rid when th? mr.sk is removed, off
comer the cuticle as w?ll.
Underneath lies a new skin. •
There is no pain in the process, but
there are five days tiat net a mus^iE
at the face csn be moved. Howev;r,Zv^
it ahead of the serpent in the point
¦I eating, for she can take nourish
ment through a tube and her timptt.
has to go into a retirement of fasting.
Dr. Ben nun L. Fowier. who has
made a special study cf dermatology,
shows on this pags, by description
and by photographs posed cspscially
for The Call, his method of applying
the I£ask Treatment which restored
the famous youth of Mrs. Lily Lang
try, among other "beauties.
. BY DR. BENJAMIN L FOHLER.
Hew York Imttuie cf Dermatol g~.
THE mask treatment for renewing
beauty -:< not a new discovery. It
was :»racticed in this country p.:'
years ago by eld Dr. Rice, of N«.w
York. But it did not become gener
ally used In this country until a shrewd
Parities took >t over to Paris, gave it
the stamp of the capital's approval, then
:t was takvii up ia America as a great
European m*co»ery. ur. Kite hau lor a
l.tt-g unit UicU it \r. his private practice.
frouabty it was so !:ule Known on at
cour.t oi the tact that the women who
had employed n *ere in no hurry lo give
t »ay tr.cir Uehshuul secret.
It is coming lino tame now, and deserv
edly so. As * matter of lact the mask
treatment is the only proper way of run
« oving a bail or ola complexion except It
be by a surgi-:-al operation.
Of course mere ate •Madames who re
move wnr.Kles by massage. A us: what a
snare and a tieiu&ion. \\ lien my lady nas
s:>e:it «lavs i:r.d days having her fate
Kieasted "boiied and rubbed, s^e nnds her
wrinkles are just as deep as before and
h«-r lairh lar more shallow.
Massage, electric rollers, suction pumps,
. muslin face masKs, steaming,
tr.«i various utMer c*tch-penny schemes
which are resorted to by the "Madames"
a:e all worthless, as they invariably re
sult m a:i increase of the depth and num
ber of wrinkles, stretching the already
_ax sicin still more.
For it must be. remembered that wrin
kles are cue to the skin sing its normal
tension and becoming relaxed, or in other
words, tv the skin getting too large for
the face. It will re«.cily appear that eon
6iant pulling pinching, rubbing and roll
ing the skin will on;y stretch it more. As
th* skin is subject to the same mechan
ical laws as other fabrics. It relaxes with*
time and improper usage.
Rubbing the face vigorously with a
towel after washing stimulates the cir
culation and brings a healthy glow to
the tkin, to be sure, but it does more.
It brings fine wrinkles too. How? Sim
ply by retching the kin. a little at a
time. The act of rubbing the face with
a towel 365 times a year has caused many
a woman unconsciously to cultivate a big
crop of wrinkles, and she innocently »on
ders why she is prematurely old. >
The best treatment for the permanent
eradication of wrinkles Is the mask treat
ment, although the old reliable surgical
method Is more suitable in cases where
tberc is great sagging about the cheeks
and throat. Both methods are old and
have stood the test of time and experi
*nc?; neither method is common because
eaca requires the skill and training of a
physician to be successful.
Tiiis is the method of the mask treat
ment:
First, my patient dons a kimono, and
rot until fluffs and curls are pushed back
is she ready to undergo the treatment.
I notice whether the is blonde or bru
nette, and I ascertain her physical condi
tion. This may cause some flight var.ia
i tion In my treatment.
In the beginning the skin is thoroughly
cleansed with soap and water: then it is
sterilized with an antiseptic solution.
Following this Is a gentle electric treat
ment, after which the first mask is ap
plied.
It is put on in email sections until the
#.-hose face is encased in a snugly fitting'
whitr; mask. The materials composing
this mask consist of chemicals which,
when brought into intimate contact with
th* epidermis, cause it gradually to sep
arate from the true skin. This process
takes forty-eight hours. It causes no
pain.
At the end of th" time the mask is re
moved and the old *kin is found to be ad
hering to it. The "nd or the tighten
ing mask is then bufit upon the face in
several separate layers, • seta layer l>*>iti«
dried by fanning before the next is ap
piled. The composition of the tightening
mask is altogether different from that of
the first. In appearance it iisju mblti cold
cream, but it is essentially different in its
physical properties, its ingredients being
Ot such a peculiar nature th»t while cacti
consecutive layer applied to the face dri'-s
rapidly it also contracts while drying
compressing the f.-i^ Into as small com
pass as possible. When the several layers
hav<» b*r:n anplifd and drif-d th* tna«k fit*
so closely that the face is held f:>r<-'l and
movaMe. it being very important that
;•« muscloi remain In perfect quiet until
•h«» new ekfn ha* formed. This takes rive
The mask fits So closely to the face that
WHAT TO DO.
I— TAKE A HOT TUB BATH WITH SOAP AND BATH
BRUSH ONCE A WEEK.
2— TAKE A COLD OR TEPID SPONGE BATH EVERY
MORNING.
3— WASH YOUR FACE WITH DISTILLED OR RAJN
WATER.
4— DASH FACE WITH PLENTY OF COLD WATER IN
THE MORNING.
S— ALWAYS WASH YOUR FACE AT NIGHT.
6— WASH IT WITH SOAP AT NIGHT
7__DRY IT THOROUGHLY.
B— PAT IT TILL DRY.
9— USE PURE SOAP.
V.c new skin forms on a tight surface, ho
that when the tightening mack I:- removed
«.n thf Jilth day the new skin is drawn ax
vmooth and firm as that of a child.
AJihou^b ibe fcuctci-s. vf this treatment
depends on the mask fitting tight enough
to prevent movement of tilt- facial mus
cles, yet the wearer suiters no pain what
ever, and a slight moistening of the mask
with sweet oil immediately relieves any
undue tightness.
The patient must not eat or masticate
at all while undergoing this mask treat
ment. It is necessary while wearing thy
mask to take only liquid nourishment
through a glass tube such nourishment
as milk* soup, broth beaten e^Ks— any
thing which dots not require mastication,
for the mask must lit so closely to th
face that the Mil I cannot open th*
mouth wide enough to i hew so:id foo I
Opening and closing the mouth wlii i thu
new skin is forming beneath the mass
would defeat the object aimed at, whic
i« the replacing of the old relaxed an I
wrinkled skin by a tight one, »re« from
wrinkle* or blemish.
The mask In no way Interferes with th«
sight or thing, and the wearer of *t
can converge as usual. • * .
The patient has to wear th« first ma**
two daya and the second five days, mak
ing the time required to complete the
treatment sey«»n days. . . > '
A few points for the daily care of the
complexion are worth heeding. As to the
u«o of coup:
There can be no general rule for its us? \
on the face, as some faces will not accept
Boap at all. Most people, however, espe-
l.illy those who. live In the city, where
the atmosphere is duaty and full of soot,
find soap necessary to cleanliness, and
they* may use it sparingly once a day—
usually Just before going to bed. Urns
some good, pure soap, being very careful
to pat the face thoroughly dry. Thos-j
who cannot tire soap successfully may
try oatmeal. Put It in a cheesecloth bag
and wet It thoroughly before applying. It
is very cleansing and takes the place of
soap better than anything else. ' • <
Toe face should never, be washed Just
before going out Into the wind. There Is
no reason why It shoulci be washed fre
quent ly. If It is washed thoroughly, on
retiring and dashed with water In th-s
morning that Is sufficient. TTse distilled
or rain water for bathing the face. These '
have n refining Influence on the skin.
Never rub your face to dry It. . Gently .
pat It dry with the towel to avoid stretch-
Ing the sltlni • ,\ •
I wish to emphasize the Important rela
tion which the cold morning bath hears
to the condition of the skin. No" one who
fails to give. proper attention to the gen
eral bath can hope to have a clear and I
healthy skin. The. cold bath promotes a
healthy circulation.^- , . /
• The bath should be the principal feature
of the toilet. Give proper attention to It
be regular. In Its use, make a careful study \
of which bath— cold, tepid or hot— acts tha i
most- beneficially to your constitution. -¦- '.
.-¦•'-.-.-¦•. • ¦ • . -
THE SUNDAY CALL.
IN SEVEN DAYS
YOU CAN
GET A
NEW
FACE
WHAT NOT TO DO.
1— DONT USE ANY BUT THE FINEST\RICE POWDER
AND VERY LITTLE OF THAT.
2— DON'T WASH YOUR FACE JUST BEFORE GOING
OUT IN THE WIND. ,
3— DON'T MASSAGE YOUR FACE— MASSAGE MAKES
WRINKLES.
4— DONT WASH YOUR FACE MORE THAN TWICE A
DAY.
S— DON'T USE ANY COSMETIC BUT COLD CREAM.
6— DONT RUB YOUR FACE WHEN DRYING IT.
7-DONT MASSAGE THE COLD CREAM' IN.
B— DONT CHOOSE SOAP CARELESSLY.
9— DON'T NEGLECT BATHING.
A dally sponge bath In either tepid or
cold water fs excellent for preserving the
Bkln, while a hot bath, with plenty of
K'X"I. pure soap and a bath brush, Is posi
tively necessary once v week for cleunll
ness.
A very little really fln« powder will not
Injure the skin. old cream. If pure and
carefuly prepared, may be patted on the
face, then dusted over with very fine
rice powder actors going out Kito th*
wind. This prevents the tender ittu from
chapping and can In no war mjura at ir
ritate th* moa: delicate akin.
1314
GRAUSTARK THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
Synopsis.
• Grenfall Lorry, a young man of wealth and
position, while traveling- on the Denver Express
has his interest suddenly awakened In a re
markably attractive young woman who Is with
her ur.-,. and aunt. He Is puzxtlng his brain
lor a way to make her acquaintance when the
opportunity offer* Itself by the train acciden
tally i<- wine them both In a small town of
the mountain district. Lorry wires ahead and
by hiring a team manages, after a romantic
d-jve. to catch the train at the next station.
By this means he manages to become quite
friendly >th the party. He is rather dis
concert*"! to find that so lovely a oppaturc
should have the name of -"Gucjfenslocke?." H"
bepea Id pee more of them, for he learns that
they will ttt>p over a day In Washington, where
Lorry live*. Arriving at the nation they *et
out before ho is- drvss«»d. and he fears that lie
has missed them. He finds them again, bo«
ever. Wit only to .-how them around the Oanltol
f^r a few hrlef hour*, and then to My KtSod-hy.
He reclves an Invitation to visit Edelweiss.
When Lorry realizes that his fairy princess has
apparently gon<e out of his life for good h«
beor ires M tfrtoti that he decides to start
forthwith for the province of Grau^turk In the
hopo uf seeinc hfr strain. A chum, Harry Aft
pulsh. soootnpar.irs hh-n and after some* minor
difficulties they reach Graustark.
CHAPTER Vl-Continued
GRAUSTARK.
fT>fHE toy army Is shooting off the
I good-night guns," speculated An-
THE toy army everybody the
{ro'Kl-nijrht guns " BBWcaßatcd An
guish. "I suppose ever> »v . > -
I to bed now."
JL "Or to dinner." substituted Lorry,
end they returned 10 the Regenpets. Th«
dining hall was spacious and beautiful, a
mixture of the Oriental and medieval.
It rapidly tilled.
"Who the dickens can all these people
be? They look well." Anguish whispered,
as if he feared their nearest neighbors
might understand his English.
"They are unquestionably of the class
In which we must expect to find the Gug
pcnslockers."
Before the meal was over the two
strangers saw that they were attracting
a great deal of attention from the other
cuests of the house. The women, as well
as the men, were eying them and com
menting quite freely, it was easy to see.
These two handsome, smooth-faced youn^r
Americans were as men from another
world, so utterly unlike their companions
were they in oersonal appearance. They
were taller, broader and more powerfully
built than the swarthy-faced men about
them, and it' was no wonder that the
Wpmen allowed rdmiration to gleam in
their eyes. Tov.ard the end of the dinner
several officers came in. a"-d the Ameri
cans took particular pains to study them.
They were cleanly built fellows, about
medium height, wiry and active. As a
class •he men appeared to average five
feet seven inches in height, feme a little
taller, some a little shorter. The two
strangers were over fix feet tall, broad
ehouldered and athletic. They looked like
gipnts among these Graustark men.
"They're not very big. but they* look as
if they'd be nafty in a scrap." observed
Anguish, unconsciously throwing out his
chest.
"Strong as wildcats. I'll wager. The
women are perfect, though. Have you
ever seen a smarter set of women. Har
ry T"
"Never, never! A paradise of pretty
women. I believe I'll take out naturali
sation papers." '
When the two strangers left the dining-
T-jcra they were conscious that every eye
in the place was upon them. They drew
themrelves to their full height and strode
between the tables toward the door, feel
ing that as th;y were on exhibition they
ought to appear to the best advantage.
During the evening they heard frequent
Ellutions to "the Americans," but could
not understand what was said. The hotel
men were more than obsequious: the mil
itary men and citizens were exceedingly
deferential; the women who strolled on
the plaza or in the great garden back of
the hotel were discreetly curious.
"We seem to be the whole show here,
Gren." Kaid Anguish as they sat down at
one of the tables In the garden.
"I guess Americans axe rare."
"I've found one fellow who can speak
German and French, and not one except
our guard who can talk English. That
cierk talks German fairly well. I never
heard such a language as thes*: other peo-
I <- use. Say, old man. we'd better make
inquiry about our friends to-night. Tnat
clerk probably won't be on duty to-mor
row."
"We'll ask him before we go to bed."
asrreed Lorry, and upon leaving the bril
liantly lighted garden they sought mine
host and asked him if he could tell them
where Caspar Guggenslocker livtd. He
looked politely Incredulous and thought
ful, and then, with profound regret, as
sured them that he had never heard the
name. He said he had lived in Edelweiss
all his life and knew everybody of conse
quence in the town
"Surely there must be some people
here." cried Lorry, almost appealingly.
He felt disheartened and cheated. An
guish was biting his lips.
'Oh. possibly among the poorer
classes. If I were you, sir. I
ehould call on Captain Dangloss,
the Chief of Police. He knows every
soul m Edelweiss. lam positive I have
never beard the name. You will find the
captain at the tower to-morrow morning."
The two Americans went to bed. one
so dismayed by his disappointment that
he could not sleep for hours.
VII-THE LADY IN THE CARRIAGE.
They elept rather late in the mornlnj?,
first because they were very much fa
tigued after their long Journey, second for
th»- reason that they had been unable to
woo slumber until long past midnight. An
guish Etretched himself lazily in bed when
he heard Lorry's voice from the adjoining
room.
' J suppose we are to consult the police
1n oro>r to get a clew to your charmer,"
h*. yawned. "Nice friends you pick up on
i all way Journeys. I'd be ashamed."
Well. Harry, I'll confess I'm disgusted.
This hae been the most idiotic thing I've
SJSJT <lone. and if you say the word we'll
get MM Ih-PS in the first train— freight or
passenger. The Ouggenslockers— pigs "
Mr Lorry was savage.
• Hs4 a. bit of it, my boy, not a bit of
it We'll make a house-to-house canvass
it Iks psssßS fall us. Cheer up, cheer up!"
You go to thunder!"
i n Ijont talk like that, or I'll
k on you in a minute. I'm here be
noose to be, and I've more heart
.n th' '!hase at thie minute than you have.
lv Mt loet hope We'll find the Guggen-
Sascksn tf we have to hire detectives to
irnce em from the Unttfcd States to their
very doorstep. We're going to see the
jiolift after br»"kfast."
Afu-r breakfast they did go to see the
Baron I^angloss. After some inquiry they
found the gloomy, foreboding prison, and
Mr. Anguish boldly pounded on the huge
gates. A little shutter flew open, and a
mar. s face appeared. Evidently he asked
what was wanted, but he mlKht as well
have demanded their live*, bo far were
they from understanding his query.
Bmn Danglose?" asked Anguish,
promptly. The man asked something else,
but aE the Americans Hhook their heads
d'-precatingly, he withdrew his face an.l
presently swung open the. gates. They en
tered and he closed the doors behind them,
locking them in. Then he directed thf-m
ecross the court to an open door In the
aged mass of gray stone. As they strode
away from the guard Lorry created con
tion by demanding:
"How are we to talk to the chief If he
doesn't understand us or we him? We
should have brought an Interpreter."
"I forgot about the confounded lan
ruage. But if he's real he can talk Irish."
Lorry told tjim he wasn't funny.
"is this his excellency. Baron Dan
G. B. McCUTCHEON
gloss?" asked Anguish, stepping Into a"
small room and stopping suddenly in the
presence of the short, fierce man they had
seen the day before- The American spoke
in French.
"It is. gentlemen. Of what service can
I he to Messieurs Lorry and Anguish?"/
responded the' grim little chief, politely
rising from beside his desk. The visitors
looked at one another in surprise.
"If he knows our names on such short
notice, he'll certainly know the Guggen
slockers," said Anguish to his friend, in
English.
"Ah. ton are looking for some one
named Guggenslocker?" asked the chtel.
smiling broadly nnd speaking excellent
English. "You must not be surprised, gen
tlemen. I speak many languages. I heard
last night that you were inquiring about
one- Caspar Gujjgensloeker, and I have,
racked my brain, searched my books,
questioned my officers, and I am sorry to
inform you that there Is no such person
In Kdelwciss." ;.
"I was so well assured of it, Baron Dan-
Closs," Lorry said.
"The name Is totally unknown to me,
sir. May 1 ask why you are searching
for him?'*
•'Certainly. • I met Mr. Guggenslocker,
his wife *ir.d his niece last spring In the
United States. They Invited me to come
and see them if 1 ever happened to be In
this part of the world. As my friend and
1 were near here 1 undertook to avail
myself of 'their invitation."
"And they said they lived In Edelweiss.
Graustark?"
"They did, and I'll humbly confess I did
not know much of the principality of
Graustark."
"That is certainly complimentary, but,
then, we are a little out of the beaten
path, so you are pardonable. I was at
first under the impression that you were
American detectives with extradition
papers for criminals bearing the name
you mention."
"Oh!" gasped Anguish. "We couldn't
find ourselves If we should be separated,
captain."
The grizzly bearded . captain laughed
lightly with them, ami then asked Lorry
it he would object to giving him the full
story of his acquaintanceship with th->
alleged Graustiirkiatis. The beviWeu-U
and disheartened American promptly loss
all he knew about them, o:n.tting certain
Under details, of course. At .¦>¦ proceeded
the Chitf crew more and mote interested,
and, mlmlu at last Lorry came to :h«
Assets] of thy strange trio, he gave
a sudden start, exposed a queer little
smile for a second or so and then was as
spbinxUke as tefore. The ever vigilant
Anguish observed the involuntary start
and smile, quick as the Chief had been
to recover himself, and felt v thrill of
triumph. To his anger and impatience,
however, the old om«_-er calmly shook his
head at the end of the narrative and ati
nounced that he was as much in the dark
as ever.
"Well, we'll search awhile for our
selves." declared'Arigulsh, stubbornly, not
at all satisfied.
"You will be wasting your time." said
the Cr.lef, meaningly.
"We plenty to waste." retorted the
other.
After a few moments they departed.
Baron Danglosfe accompanying them to
the gate and assuring them that he and
his men always woutd be at their com
mand, Ills nation admired the American
people, he warmly declared.
"That old codger knows our people. and
I'll btt a thousand on it," said Harry,
angrily, when they had gone some tittle
distance down the street. Then he told of
the queer exposure Dangloss had unwit
tingly made. Lorry, more excited than he
cared to show, agreed that there wax
something very suspicious about this new
discovery.
They walked about the quaint town for
an hour or two. examining the building.'.
the people and the soldiery with deep
Interest. From the head of the main
street. Castle Avenue, they could plainly
tee the royal palace, nearly a mile away.
Its towers and turrets, gray and gaunt,
ran up among the green treetops and
were outlined plainly against the yellow
hills. Countless houses studded the steep
mountain slope, and many people wet«
discerned walking and riding along the
narrow, ledgelike streets which ' wound
toward the summit, far up In the clouds.
Clearly and distinctly could be seen the
grim monastery, perched at the very
pinnacle of the mountain, several miles
away. Up there it looked bleak and cold
and uninviting, in great contrast to the
loveliness and warmth of the valley,
ijown below the grass was moist and soft,
trees were approaching the stage wher«
yellow and red tints mingled with the
rich green, flowers were blooming, the
land was redolent of the sweet fragrance
of autumn, the atmosphere warm, clear
and invigorating. It was paradise sur
mounted by desolation, drear and deaden
ing.
Wherever the tall, distinguished Ameri
cans walked they formed the center of
observation and were the cause of com
ment that bore unmistakable signs of
admiration. They bowed pleasantly to
many of those who passed them and re
ceived in return gracious and* profound
recognition. Military men saluted courte
ously; the women stared modestly and
prettily— perhaps covetously; the mer
chants and citizens in general bowed and
smiled a welcome that could not have
been heartier. The strangers remarked
the absence of vehicles on the main
streets. There were pack mules and
horses, human carriers— both male and
female— during the entire morning
they saw not more than six or eight car
riages. Vehicles were used solely by the
quality and as a means of transportation
for their persons only. Everybody, with
the few exceptions mentioned, walked or
rode, horseback. The two friends were
delighted with the place, and Anguish
advocated a sojourn of several weeks,
even though they did not find the Gug
genslockcrs, his object being to secure
photographs and. sketches of the pictur
esque people and the strange scenery, and
to idle away some hours upon the glit
tering boulevards. Grenfall, since he was
In the project so deeply, was so nearly
reconciled as to be exhilarated by the
plan. They decided to visit the royal
grounds In the afternoon, providing there
was no prohibition, reserving a ride up
the steep for the next day. A policeman
•who spoke German fairly well told them
that they could enter the palace park If
they obtained a signed order from the
chief steward, who might be found at any
time in his home near the gates.
They were strolling leisurely toward the
hotel, for the moment forgetting their
quest in this strange, sunny land, when
they espied a carriage, the most conspicu
ous of any they had seen. The white
horses were gayly caparisoned, the driver
and the footman beside him wore rich
uniforms, the vehicle Itself gleamed and
glistened with gold and silver trimmings.
A short distance behind rode two young
soldiers, swords to their shoulders, scab
bards clanking against their stirrups.
Each was attired In the tight red trousers,
shiny boots, close-fitting black coat with
gilt trimmings, and the red cap which the
Americans had noted before because of its
brilliancy. People along the street were
bowing deeply to the occupants, two
ladies.
"Harry! Look!" exclaimed Lorry,
clutching his friend's arm like a vise.
"There in the carriage— on this side!" His
voice was hoarse and trembling.
"Miss Guggenslocker?" cried An
truleh.
"Yes! Yes!" They had stopped and
Lorry was grasping a garden wall with
one hand. „
i ... ' . ,
"Then It's funny nobody knows the
name here. She seems to be some one of
consequence. Good heaven, t don't blame
you! She's the most "beautiful—"
By this time the carriage was almost
opposite and within forty feet of 'Where
they stood. The ladles. Miss Guggenslock
er's companion as young and almost as
beautiful as herself, had not observed the
agitated two, but Lorry's face was beam
ing, his hat was off. and he was ready to
spring to the carriage side at a moment's
warning. Then the young girl at the side
of the woman whose beauty had drawn
a man half around the world saw the tall
strangers and called her companion's at
tention to them. Onco more GrcnfaN
Lorry and Miss Gugfipnslorker were look
ing into each other's eyes.
The lady started violently, her eyes
grew wide, her ltp:< parted, and her body
was bent forward eagerly, a little gloved
hand' grasping tho side of the open car
riage. Her "Meal American" was bow
ing low. as was tho tall fellow at his side.
When he looked up agota h's eyes were
glowing, his handsome face was flushed,
and he saw her smile, blush furiously and
incline her head gravely. The carriage
had swept past, but she turned her head,
and he detected an appealing glance in
her eyes, a perplexed wrinkle 'airnw her
brow, both of which were swept away an*
Instant later by the most bewitching of
smiles. Again her head was Inclined, this
timo a trifle more energetically, and then
the maddening face was turned from him.
The equipage rolled onward, and there
was no effort on her part to check Its
progress. The men were left standing
alone and disappointed on the streets of
Edelweiss, the übject of their search clip
ping away at< noon as she hnd been found.
Her companion was amazed by the little
scene, it was evident, judging by the
eager look on h<-r fare an she turned with
a question In her eyes.
"Turned down!" exclaimed the Irrepres
sible Anguißh. dolefully. "That'tt pretty
shabby treatment, old man. Put nhe'H
quite worth the Journey."
"I'll not go buck to America without
her. Do you hear that, Harry Anguish?"
He was excited and trembling. "But why
didn't she »t n\. ."' he went on, dismally.
"Oh. you dear old fool!" said Anguish.
The two ntood looking after the carriage
until It turned Into a side street, half wuy
down the shady stretch, toward th» castle.
They saw her companion glance back, but
could not tell whether she did likewise.
Lorry looked uneasily at Anguish, and the
latter read his thought.
"You aYe wondering about the Guggen
slocker name, eh? I'll tell you what I've
worked out during the past two minutes.
Her name Ik no more Uuggc\>slocker than
mine is. She and the uncle used that
name as a blind. Mark my words, she*
quality over here; that's all there Is about
it. Now, we muHt llnd out Junt who «he
really Ih. Hero, comes a smart-looking
soldier chap. Let's a: k him, providing
wt cun muki; him understand."
A young soldier approached, leisurely
twirling a cane, for he was without his
side armn, Angulxh accosted him In
French and then In German. He under
stood the latter and was very polite.
"Who was the young lady In the ear
rlago that Just passed?" asked Lorry,
eagerly.
The face of the soldier flushed and then
grew pale with anger.
"Hold on! I beg pardonl but we are
strangers and don't quite understand your
ways. I can't see anything Improper In
asking such a question," sold Anguish, at
tempting to detain him. The young man
struck his hand from his arm and hits
eyes fairly blazed.
"You must learn our ways. We never
pass comment on a lady. If you do so In
your land, I am sorry for your ladles. I
refuse to be questioned by you. Stand
aside, fellow!"
Anguish stood aside In astonishment,
and they watched the wrathful gallant
strut down the street, his back as stiff as
a board.
"Damned touchy!" growled Anguish,
"You remember what Bltzky said about
their respect for the weaker sex. I guess
we'd better keep off that tack or we'll
hatch up a duel or two. They seem to be
fire-caters. We must content ourselves
with searching out her home and without
assistance, too. I've cooled off a bit, Har
ry, and now that I've seen her I'm will-
Ing to go slowly and deliberately. Let's
' THE SUNDAY CALL.
take our time and be perfectly cool. I
am beginning to agree with your incog,
proposition. It's all clearing up In my
mind now. We'll go back to the hotel
and get ready for the visit to the palace
grounds."
"Don't you intend to hunt her up? "Gad,
I wouldn't miss a minute If I had a
chance to be with a girl like that! And
the other was no scarecrow. She is rather
a beauty, too. Greatest town for pretty
women I ever struck. Vienna is out of
it entirely."
They strolled on to tho hotel, discussing
the encounter in all its exhilarating de
tails. Scarcely had they seated them
selves on the piazza, after partaking of
a light luncheon, when a man came gal
loping up to the walk In front of tha
hotel. Throwing his bridle reins to a
guard he hastened to the piazza. His at-,
tire was that of a groom and something
about him reminded them of the footman
who tat beside the driver of the carriage
they had seen a short time before. He
came straight to where tho Americans sat
smoking, and bowing low, held before
them an envelope. The address was "Mr.
Grenfall Lorry," but the man was in
doubt as to which was he.
Lorry grasped the envelope, tore It
open, and drew forth a daintily written
note. It read:
1 «ujf Dear Mr. Lorry:
"I was surprised very much to see you
this morning— l may add that I was de
lighted. If you will accompany this mes
senger when he calls for you at S o'clock
to-morrow afternoon he will conduct you
to ray homo, where I shall truly be
charmed to see you again. Will you
bring your friend?
"Sophia Guggenslocker." •
Lorry could have embraced the messen
ger^ There was a suspicion of breathless
ne»s in his voice when he tried to say
calm 1 " to Harry;
"Harry! Look!" exclaimed Lorry,
clutching his friend's arm like a vise
"There in tho carriage — on this side'"
His voice wai hoarse and trembling.
"An Invitation for to-morrow."
"I knew It would come* that way."
"Also wants you to pome."
"Shan't I be in the way?"
"Not at all. my boy. I'll accept for yot:.
After this fellow goes. I'll let you read the
note. I think I'll write antinHwer."
Motioning for tho man to remain, lie
hastened to his room, pulled out some sta
t!on»ry. and feverishly wrote:
"My I>enr Mis* Guggenslocker:
"I shall bo delighted to accompany your
rm s*engf r to-morrow, and my friend. Mr.
Harry Anguish, will be with me. I hay*
come half way across the continent tn we
you. and I shall be repaid If I am wlih
you but for a mome/it. You will pardon
me if I «ay that your name* has caused
line doppalr. No onf seems to have heard
it herr. and I was beginning to lose hope.
You may expect me at 3, and 1 thank you
for the pleasure you. bestow. Yours sin
cerely, ORKNFALL IX3URY."
'1 his note, part of which had been wr't
t«n with misgiving, he gave to the mes-
H«ngpr, who rode nway quickly.
"She 1 didn't wait long to write to you. I
notice. Is It possible she Is suffering from
tho effects of those throe days on the
other »lde of the Atlantic? Come to think
of It. she Mushed when Hhe saw you this
niornln;?," said Anguish. Ix>rry handed
him her note, which he read, n*d then
(solemnly shook hands with the recipient.
"Congratulations. I nm a very far
sighted young man, having lived In
Paris."
Vlll-THK ABDI'CTION OF A PRIN
CESS.
That afternoon they went to the palace
grounds and inquired for tho chief-stew
ard. After n few moments they woro
Hhown to his office, in a small dwelling
house Just Insl'le the gates. The steward
was h red-faced little man. pleasant and
accommodating. He tould speak German
-In fact lie whs v German by birth— and
they had no difficulty in presenting their
request. Mr. Fraaech— Jacob Fraasch
wa» at first dubious, but their frank,
eager faces soon gained for them his con
sent to see that part of the great park
open to the public. Beyond certain lines
they were not to trespass. Anguish aske.l
how they could be expected to distinguish
these lines, being unacquainted, and the
steward grimly informed them that th<;
members of the royal guard would estab
lish the lines so plainly that it would bo
quite clear.
He then wrote for them a pass to the
grounds of the royal palace of Graustark,
affixing his seal. In giving this pass to
them he found occasion to say that tha
Princess had instructed htm to extend
every courtesy possible to an American
citizen. It was then that Anguish asked
If he might be permitted to use bis cam
era. There was an Instant and emphatic
refusal, and they were told that the pass
would be rescinded If they did not leave
the camera outside the gates. Reluctantly
Anguish deposited his luckless box in the
steward's office, and they passed Into the
broad avenue which led toward the pal
ace.
A guard, who served also as a guide,
stepped to their side before they had
taken ten paces. Where he came from
they never knew, so Instantaneous was
his appearance. He remained with them
during the two hours spent in the won
derful'park.
The, palace stood In the northwestern
part of the grounds, possibly a half-milo
from the base of the mountain. Its front
faced the mountain side. The visitor-?
were not permitted to go closer than a
quarter of a mMc from the structure, but
attained a position from which it could
be seen in all M* massive, ancient splen
dor. Anguish, who had studied churches
and old atrucUr.es, painted the castles on
the Rhine and was something oi/a con
noisseur In architecture, was of tne opin
ion' that It had been standing for more
than five hundred years.
It was a vast, medieval mass of stone,
covered with md'ss and ivy. with towers,
turrets and battlements. There had been
a muni In bygone days, but modern ideas
had transformed tho waterway into solid,
level ground. This they learned after
ward. Broad avenues approached In sev
eral directions, the castle standing at tho
far side of a wide circle or parade ground.
The open space before the balconies was
fulfy three hundreds yards square, and
was paved. From each side stretched the
velvety green with its fountains. Its trees,
its arbors, its flowers, its grottos and its
red-legged soldiers.
The park was probably a mile square,
and was surrounded by a. high wall, on
the top of which were little guard-houses
and several masked cannon. In all their
travels the Americans had not Been a
more delightful bit of artllice. and they
wandered about with « »<>rene content
that would have appealed to any one but
their voiceless guide. He led them about
the place, allowing them to form their
,own conclusions, draw their own Infer
ences and make their own calculations.
His only acts were to salute the guards
who passed and- to present arms when ho
had conducted his charges to the edge of
forbidden territory. When they had com
pleted their tour of Inspection their guide
rapidly led the wny to the wall that en
circled the ground*, reaching It at a point
not far from "the castle itself*-' Here was
KltUHted another large gate, through
which they did not pass. Instead they
ascended some steps and came out upon
the high wall. The top of this wall was
several feet wide, and walking was com
paratively wife. They soon understood
tne guide's design. The object was to
walk nlong this wall until they reached
the main Kate. Why this peculiar course
was to be undertaken they could not
Imagine at first. Anguish's fertile brain
came to the rescue. He saw a number of
women in a distant part of the grounds,
and remembering their guide's haste In
conducting them to the wall rightly
conjectured that It was against custom
for visitors to meet and gaze* upon mem
bers of the royal household. The men ana
women, none of whom he could plainly
distinguish from the far-away wall, were
undoubtedly a part of the castle's family
nd were not to be subjected to the curi
ous pare of sightseers. Perhaps her royal
highness, the, Princess of Graustark was
aiming them.
They rcuchod the main gate and de
scended. Anguish securing his camera
after which they thanked the steward and
turned to fee the guide. But he had dis
appeared us If the ground hud swallowed
him. c t ' . . :
"Wen. if., f a | r Versailles,"' observed
Anguish, a* they walked down the street
Blfinclnn: back nt the frowning wall.
, "It all pot* t-> rr.nke me wonder why In
the name of heaven we have never heard
-mii »ki \ and ° . OraUßt said Lorry,
still thinking of tho castle's grandeur '
S My boy, there are lots of things we
don t know. , We're too busy. Don't you
remember that one-half of the world does
not know how the other half lives? 11l
wager there are not ' twenty-five people in
the United States who know there is such
a country as Graustark." ~ -
mgl don't believe that a single soul over
were has heard of the place," vouchsafed
Lorry, very truthfully. • ' ,
'Til accept the amendment,'* said An
i euish. Then he proceeded to take a snap
shot of the castle from the middle of the
street. \He also secured a number of
' ni? W ,*» c T" 11 * 11111 M * <* ; «ome odd
little dwelling houses and two or three in
, teresting exposures of red-robed children
Everybody, from the children up, wore
i loose I robes, some red, some black, some
blue, but all In solid colors. t Beneath
these robes were £ baggy trousers and
blouses among the ; men, I short . skirts
. among the ¦ women; k All \ wore I low boots
I and a sort ojt turban. These costumes, of
I course, were confined to I the native civil,
i lens, vAt I the hotel i the garb of the aris
tocrats was vastly different : The women
were gowned a/ter the latest European
patterns and the men, except those of
th« army, wore clothes almost as smart
as those which covered the Americans.
Miss Guggenslocker— or whatever her
name might be— and her carriage compan
ion were as exquisitely gowned as any
women to be seen on the boulevards or in
Hydo Park of an afternoon.
It was late in the afternoon when they
jetumed to the hotel. After dinner, dur
ing which they were again objects of in
terest, they strolled off toward the castle,
smoking their cigars and enjoying the
glorious air. Being a stranger In a
strange land, Lorry acted on the romantic
painter's advice and also stuck a revolver
fn his pocket. He laughed at the sug
gestion that there might be use for the
weapon in such a quiet, model, well-regu
lated town, but Anguish insisted:
"I've seen a lot of these fellows around
town who look like genuine brigands and
cutthroats, and I think it just as well
that wo be prepared." asserted he, posi
tively, and his friend gratitted what he
called a whim.
At 10 o'clock the slender moon dropped
behind the mountain, and the valley,
which had been touched with its tender
light, gradually took on the sombert>ess
und stillness of a starlit night. The
town 3lumbered at 11, and there were
but few lights to be seen -on the streets
or in the houses. Here and there strolled
tho white uniformed police guards; occa
sionally soldiers hurried barracks-ward;
once In a while belated citizens moved
through the dense shadows on the side
walks, but the Americans saw still life
in its reality. Returning from their stroll
beside the ta.stle walls, far to the west
of where they had entered the ground-?
that afternoon, they paused In the mid
dle of Castle avenue, near the main gate,
and looked down the dark, deserted
street. Far away could be seen the faint
glare from their hotel; one or two
street lamps burned in the business part
of the city; aside from these evidences
of life there was nothing but darkness,
silence, peacefulness about them every
where.
"Think of Paris or New Tork at 11
o'clock," said Lorry, a trifle awed by the
solitude of the sleeping city.
"It's as dead as a piece of prairie land"
paid his friend. " 'Gad. it makes me
sleepy to look down that street It's a
m!le to the hotel, too, Lorry. We'd bet
ter move alone."
"Let's He down near the hed^e, smoke
•imrther cigar and wait till mldnigbt. It
is too glorious a night to be lost in sleep."
ursed I crry, whose heart was- light over
the joy:? of the day to come. "I can
dream jrst as well here, looking at that
dark old castle with its one little tower
Sight, as I couM if I tried to sleep in a
hard bed down at the hotel."
Anguish, who was more or less of a
dreamer himself, consented, and, after
lighting fresh cigars, they threw them
selves on the soft, dry* grass near the
tall hedge that fenced the avenue a.« It
neared the castle grounds. For half an
hcur they talked by tits and starts: long
silences were common, broken only by
brief phrasi s which seemed so to disturb
the one to whom th«y were addressed
that he answered gruffly and not at all
politely. Their cigars, burnt to mere
stubs, were thrown away, and still the
waking dreamers stretched themselves
In the almost impenetrable shade of the
hedge, one thinking of the face he had
seen, the other picturing in his artist eye
the painting he had vowed to create from
the moonlit castle of an hour ago.
"Some one coming," murmured the
painter, half rising to his elbow atten
tively.
"Soldiers," said the other briefly.
"They'll not disturb us."
"They'll not even see us. I should say.
It's as dark as Egypt under this hedge.
They'll pass If we keep quiet."
The figures of two men could be seen
approaching from the city, dim and
ghostly in the semi-blackness of the
night. Like two thieves, the Americans
waited for them to pass. To their ex
ceeding discomfiture, however, the pedes
trians halted directly in front of their
resting place and seated themselves leis
urely upon a broad, flat stone at the road
side. It was too dark to see whether
they were soldiers, notwithstanding the
fact that they were less than fifteen feet
away.
"He should be here at 12," said one of
the newcomers In a low voice and In fair
ly good English. The other merely grunt
ed. There was silence of some duration,
broken by the first speaker.
"X this job fails and you are caught it
will mean years of servitude."
"But In that case we are to have ten
thousand gavvos apiece for each year w«
Us In prison. It's fair pay— not only for
our failure, but for our silence," said the
other, whoso English was more difficult
to understand.
Anguish's fingers gripped Lorry's leg.
but there was no sound from either of
the thoroughly aroused dreamers. "A
plot, as- 1 live." thought each, with a
thrill.
"We must be careful to speak only in
English. There are not twenty people In
Edelweiss who understand it, but the
night has ears. It Is the only safe tongue.
Geddos speaks it well. He should be
her«." It was the first speaker who ut
tered these words, little knowing that he
had listeners other than the man to
whom he spoke.
A dark figure shot across the roadway
and, almost before the Americans were
ay. are of It, the party numbered three.
"Ah, Geddos. you are punctual."
"I have- found It ever a virtue," re
sponded the newcomer.
"Have you secured your men?"
*I have, your—"
"Sh! Call me Michael, on your life!
They are ready and willing to undertake
the venture?" „
"Yes, but they do not understand the
true conditions. I have told them that we
are to rob the castle and carry the booty
to Ganlook before morning."
"They do not know the real object of
the raid, then. That Is as I desired. Are
they trusty an<i experienced men?"
"The best — or the worst — that I could
find in Vienna. Not one understands our
language, and they are so Ignorant of our
town that they are entirely dependent on
me. They know nothing whatever of the
Princess, Michael, and will do only as
they are told, realising that If caught
they will be guillotined. I have told them
it Is tho royal palace we are to rifle. Os
trom. here, and I are the only ones, ex
cept yourself and the men who will aid
us Inside the castle, who know the truth,
sir."
"It cannot fall Unless those Inside prove
false or unworthy," said the hoarse
voiced Ostrom.
Anguish's fingers were gripping Lorry's
leg so fiercely, that tha blood was ready
to burst out, but hs did not feel the pain.
Here, then, was some gigantic plot In
which the person of the Princess herself
was to be considered. Was tt an assas
sination?
"You have five of these Viennese?"
"Yes. Two to stand beneath the wtn
dow to receive the booty as we lower It
to the ground, one to stand guard at the
west gate and two to attend the carriage
and horses In the ravine beyond the cas
tle."
"When did these men arrive?"
"This morning. I kept them in my sis
ter's home until an hour ago. They are
now In the ravine awaiting Ostrom and
myself. Are you sure. Michael, that tho
guards and tht cook have been made tJ
understand every detail? Th« faintest slip
will mean ruin."
"They are to be trusted fully. Their
pay !s to be 'Mgh enough to make tt an
object to be infallible. The guard. D.
¦han. will leave the gate unwatched. and
you will chloroform him — with hhs con
sent, of course. You will enter, as I hay*
explained before, crawl along In the dark
shadow of the wall untn ycfli reach the
arbor that learfs to the kitchen and seui
!cry. Here another guard, Rabbo— known
to Ostrom as a comrade in her Majesty ~
service not more than a year ago— will
be encountered. He will be bound an.!
gagged without the least noise or strug
gle. Just as the rlock strikes 2 the cook
will walk past the scullery window. In
the basement, thrice, carrying a light
ed candle. You will see this light
through the window, and will know that
all is well inside the castle. Ostrora, you
will then lead the two Viennese to a plac«
directly beneath the third window in tha#
Princess' sleeping apartment. There are
several clumps of shrubbery there, and
under these they will hide, protected from
the gaze of any watchman who Is not
With us. You and Geddos will be admitted
to the scullery by the cook, who will con
duct you to the hall leading to her high
ness" bedroom. The man who guards her
door is called Daimox. He will not be at
his post, but will accompany you when
you leave the castle. You will understand
how carefully you roust enter her room
and how deeply she nrast be chloroformed.
In the adjoining room her lady-ln-watting.
the Countess Dagmar. sleeps. If Her door
Is ajar, you are to r re»p in and chloroform
her. leaving her undistsirbed. Then the
Princess is to be wrapped in the cloth you
take with you and 'cwered from the
wtndow to the men belo-w. They are to
remain In hiding until you have left the
castle and have reached their aide. It
will not be difficult, if caution is observed,
for you to get outside of the wall and to
the carriage in the ravine. I have given
you this plan of action often, I know, but
I desire to impress it firmly upon your
minds. There must not be the slightest
deviation. The precision of clock work
is necessary."
The man named Michael hissed the fore
going into the pars of his companions, the
palsied Americans hearing every word,
distinctly. They scarcely breathed, so tr*w'
mendous was the restraint imposed uponT
their nerves. A crime so huge, so daring
as the abduction of a Princess, the ac
tual invasion of a castle to commit the
theft of a human being just as an ordi
nary burglar would steal in and make
way with the contents of a silver closet
was beyond their power ot comprehen
sion.
"We understand fully how it Is to be
done and we shall get her to Ganlook on
time. ' «aid G« <i<io*>. confidently.
"Not a hair of her head must be harm
ed."' cautioned the arch conspirator. "In
four days I shall meet you at Ganlook.
You will keep her in close confinement
until you hear from me. Have you the
guard's uniforms that you are to wear to
right?"
'•They are with the carriage In the ra
vine; Ostrom and I win don them before
going to th».- castle. In case we are seen
they will throw observers off the track
long enough for us to secure a good start
in our flight. "
"Remember, there is to be no failure.
This may mean death to you: certainly a
long prison term if you are apprehended.
I know it is a daring deed, but it is just
of the kind that succeeds. Who would
dream that mortal man could find the
courage to steal a princess of the realm
from her bed and spirit her away from
under the very noses of her vaunted
guardsmen? It is the bold, the Impossi
ble olan that wins."
"We cannot fail if your men on the in
side do their work well," said Geddos,
repeating what Ostrom had said. "All
depends on their faithfulness."
•They will not be-fo«nd wanting. Tour
cut-throats must be sent on to Galas with
the empty carriage after you have
reached Ganlook in safety. Tou will
nee.d them no more. Ostrom will pay
them, and they are to leave the country
as quickly as possible. At Calas they will
be able to Join a packtrain that will carry
them to the Great Northern Railroad.
From there they will have no trouble in
reaching Vienna. You will explain to
them, Geddos. All we need them for. as
you know. Is to prove by their mere pres
ence in case of capture that the attempt
was no more than a case of burglary con
ceived by a band ot Viennese robbers.
There will be no danger of capture if you
once get her outside the walls. Tou can
be half way to Ganlook before she is
missed from the castle. Nor can she be
found at Ganlook if you follow the in
structions J gave last night. It la now
nearly 1 o'clock, and In half aa hour the
night will be as dark as Erebus. Go.
men; you have no more time to lose, for
this must be accomplished slowly, care- »
fully, deliberately. There must be no *
haste until you are ready for the race to
Ganlook. Go. but for God's sake, do not
harm her! And do not fall!"
"Failure means more to us than to you.
Michael," half whispered the hoars* Os
trom.
"Failure means everything to me! I
must have her!"
Already the two hirelings were moving
off toward the road that ran wast of the
castle grounds. Michael watched them
for a moment and then started swiftly in
the direction of the city. The watchers
had not been able to distinguish the faces
of the conspirators, but they never could
forget the calm, cold vote* of Michael,
with its quaint. Jerky English.
"What shall we do?" whispered An
guish when^the men were out of hearing.
"God knows!" answered Lorry. "This
is the most damnable thing I ever heard
of. Are we dreaming? Did we really see
and hear those men?" He had risen to
his feet, his companion sitting weakly
before him.
"There's no question about tt! It's a
case of abduction, and we have tt In our
power to spoil the whole Job. By Gad,
but this is luck. Gren!" Anguish was
quivering with excitement as he rose to
his feet. "Shall we notify old Daagloss
or alarm the steward? There's no time
to be lost if we want to trap these fel
lows. The chief devil Is bound to escape,
for we can't get him and the others, tno^
and they won't peach on him. Come. w«
must be lively! What are you standing
there for? Damn It. the trap must be
set!"
"Wait. Why not do the whole Job our
selves?"
"How— what do you mean?"
"Why should we alarm anybody? We
know the plans as well as these scoun
drels themselves. Why not follow them
right into the castle, capture them red
handed, and then do the alarming? I'm
in for saving the Princess of Graustark
with our own hands and right under the
noses of her vaunted guardsmen, as
Michael says." Larry was thrilled by th*
spirit of adventure. His hand gripped his
friend's arm and his face was close to his
ear. "It is the grandest^ opportunity two
human beings ever had to distinguish
themselves!"
"Great heaven, man! We can't do such
a thing!" gasped Anguish.
"It Is the easiest thing in the world.
Besides, if we fall we have nothing to
lose. If we succeed, see what we've done!
Don't hesitate, old man! Come on! Coma
on! We'll take 'em ourselves, as sure as
fate. Have you no nerve? What kind
of an American are you? This chancy
won't come in ten lifetimes! Good Gof!
man. are we not equal to thos* two
scoundrels?"
(Continued next week.)A Woman oF the
UttTe gKOVri
Race *n the
Pwzeri JSpi-ih Who
H^as Saved
Csijntfess Wives
MOLLIE DEXTER, the "good
[\ f\ angel" of Alaska, is in town.
y I And she can read her title clear
V * to this appellation, which was
JL first given her by the miners of
fc.-r native country.
She is a little, broad-faced, dark
skinned, straight-haired woman, whose
f . asar.t smile is made more un-American
by three or four dark blue vertical lines
t.ittooed below her mouth. This "goo<s
:-.n?el." the wife of one of the most promi
nent American miners in the Golofnin dis
irict. i- a full-blooded Eskimo.
When her husband first met her she was
a Title bundle of furs, speaking the Un
- «.?• of her native north. Now she
fcmses as an American and is regarded
a?- a queen 'among her own people, the
M*ir.alute Eskimo, with whom she has
- •«• influence. Years ago. long before
Use er*at write world of Alaska was her
alded to an adventurous public as a rich
itlfl for mining bonanzas. John E. Dex
ter was braving many hardships as one of
th* earliest pioneers in that frozen region
I* re but few white men had before
iv.rtsed foot.
After some years of work and wander
rigs this white adventurer made his way
:o the Eskimo village where the little
L>k:mo ¦ 'lie lived, happy in her furs
and diet of raw Hsh and berries, and
xvith net the slightest idea of how much
happier she was going to be made. John
Dexter worked in a mine ocar there
and Mollie worked there for him. It was
hi-.i-d to deal with the Eskimo and make
thtm understand and harder to get
ibern to stay by the work in the mines for
any length of time. So. perhaps in curi
osity Mollie l-vii. to help the man from
a far and strange eustomrl country by
acting as interpreter for him and influenc
ing her ••,'. »id at the same time
ti ught him love a* it is spelt in Eskimo.
Th«re was gossip and "large doings"
and much slaughter of fish when they
later became husband and wife. Perhaps a
good share of the comment was caused by
the fact that the ceremony was performed
by a missionary, which v. as not regarded
as entirely necessary in orthodox Eskimo
unons.
From that date began a new and
strange but happy era in Mo! lie Dexter's
- life.
John Dexter left the work in the mines
and established a fur-trading station a*.
Chignik. in the Golofnin Bay district, on
the route from Dawson to Nome. Her*;
they began- their married life in a^ little
place built of dnftwood, the rough places
filled by sea mow.
Later they built a hotel, for Dexter had
made millions once or twice since hi*
marriage, and only a few years ago was
known at- the "gold king by the Yukon
miners.
But it was in the little house of drift
wood that the big heart of Mollie Dexter
first earned for her the title of "good an
gel." Here they were living, trading
b*-ad3 for furs, when the first news of the
fctrike at Nome beach reached Dawson
and the stampede of the miners for the
• • * diggings commenced. Old and young,
expert and inexperienced, joined in the
chase for the hidden wealth, with terrible
physical results to a large proportion of
the rentoresosM ones.
The Dexter camp was the forced stop
ping place for hundred* who were suffer
re the untold privations and terrible
hardships entailed by the winter Journey
over the ice and snow from the Klondike
to Nome. More than once did this waYm
hearted little Alaska woman open her
door only to find a half-frozen miner ly
ing on the threshold. In no kinder spot
could the cruel elements have thrust him.
.and nowhere could he have been more
tenderly nursed and cared for than at the
hands of this little dark-skinned woman
and her husband. " Every miner through
out Alaska knows something of John
Dexter, and most of them have reason to
tpeak In thankful praise of his womanly
wife.
It was no uncommon thing for the little
house of driftwood to have as many an
seventy-five half-frozen, belated miner*
sleeping on the tables or In any other
place that could po&slbly be foifnd for
them. Once, when John Dexter was away,
Mollie hersVlf rescued two men from tho
graap of the mow and the unconscious
sleep that Is" the forerunner of beln<j
frozen to death. Out with her dog t«am
and sledge. she found them, and one at a
time, wrapped In part of her own furs.
the dragged them on the sledge and drove
them to the waimth and good cheer of
the home that never refused a shelter and
care to any one.
Many a miner who stopped at the Dex
ter camp after a long struggle made
while in no way properly equipped for
the trip, as so many of these gold peak.
«..rs failed to be, will remember the home
of Mollie Dexter as the place where he
was warmed and fed and cared for pa
tiently, and sent on his way with a fresh
lack of provisions. Lindblura, the man
who ran away from a whaling ship and
made his way to Nome to find one of
the biggest paying claims of the strike,
was a visitor at the home of the Dex
'«-rs when fortune had not found him. \
If a miner was sick as the result of
Mi exposure! and hardships or too utter
ly exhausted to continue the journey at
once, he was tenderly nursed and taken
care of by this little Dsklmo woman, un
til he was thoroughly recuperated, and
able to go on his way. And there were
cf ten Quite a number of these * unfortu
nates who left the Dexter home with
thankfulness and blessings on Its occu
pants in their hearts. • "H'i'ii : "
No wonder that Molly. Dexter should be
regarded by so many Alaskan miners
THE GOOD ANGEL OF ALASKA
with a feeling akin to reverence. She
did all these "Mac*, aided and abetted
by her husband, from a heart full of love
and charity toward humankind, and
gave services worth more than their
weight in gold at such a time in such a
country where no one know* anything for
or against any newcomer, and what Is
done In kindnrss must be done in the
broad spirit that mark? the brotherhood
cf man. For these poor and suffering
men she sewed; she gave away her furs
ans provisions; she ministered to them
with kindly hands; and for it all Mollie
Dexter uld never receive a i>enny in
payment. Surely the nature of the little
Eskimo teaches a lesson to many.
Later the Dexter* moved into a hotel
built by Mr Dexter, and now being op
erated by a company. This hotel was ul
ways a glad milestone when reached by
miners on the way from Dawsun to
Nome. Mr. Dexter moved to Nome In its
earliest days and wan fortunate in the
selections of claims that paid from the
beginning, and are now promising much
greater values.
Fortune ha* given him many ups and
downs of late years, and ho i» not BOW
the enormously rich man he once was.
though still a man of means, which the
rich claims at Nome bid fair to largely
increase ami to restore him to his oki
days of fortune again. Many of the un
fortunate among the population of the
new camp at Nome will also remember
the name of Dexter with feelings of
warm gratitude, as none there were per
mitted to want for food or shelter while.
Mollie Dexter and her husband could
rive It to them. Surely no better Held
for philanthropy and kindness or one
with wider demands could have been
found than the one in which Mollie Dex
ter has filled a never to be forgotten
P Her own troubles weigh upon her now.
and the "good angel" needs the kindness
and sympathy of otkers. for In addition
to the Illness of her only child, who U
with her. her husband has been for the
past year or so suffering from that slow
ly creeping disease, locomotor ataxla. Ho
could not come with her on this her sec
ond trip from her own country and peo
ple and she will not see him again till the
winter sun is shining over the frozen
north. . . ' • ,
Since Mrs. Dexter married out of her
own tribe she has taught her people
habit* of cleanliness and civilization, and
brought out by her Influence many of the
good and lovable points in their charac
ters. She has also induced the members
of her own Immediate family to adopt
the American style of dress as far as pos
sible. In learning the ways of her Ameri
can husband she showed the true char
acteristic of her own people, evincing but
little enthusiasm or surprise at things
new and unfamiliar, but simply accepting
them and making* them as far as.sho
could a part of her own mode of life.
There were many things to take up the
young wife's Interest after her marriage,
not the least of which must have been
the somewhat irksome task of Introducing
herself to American styles In dress. That
she Is still Interested is evidenced by the
fact that she, on her last and first visit
to San Francisco, took home with her
many pretty gowns, which must have ex
cited the envy and wonder of some of her
northern friends. How she has grown to
like in eatables a more varied and palat
able bill of fare Is best told In her own
words: "My people eat dried fish: In bad
time when no fish, eat walrus hide, seal
oil and whale oil. Home we go fishing,
hunt berries for breakfast. Bad years,
sometime starve. I like American eating.
1 go back to my people last year, eat seat
oil and dry fish; make me sick, vomit
quick. When we catch tlah for break
fast with my people, we bring it home, no
cook it, everybody He down, put fish in
tho middle, so, everybody reach out, take
THE SUNDAY CALL.
piece In finger, so," putting her finger to
her mouth.
When one thinks of raw fish or even
walrus hide Bteaks served in such a fash
ion they admire Mrs. Dexter's taste In
coming over to the American fashion In
breakfasting. . '
In her land each child Is diatked, among
the Eskimo at the age of ten or twelve
years, with the same marks as those on
her chin, done with a needle and a thread
dipped In aoma pigment, or Ink. In her
wunujr aiso a very convenient custom
Tor beggars prevails, for wealthy person*
are distinctly labeled. If you see an Eski
mo going along the place, where the street
ought to be with a big bead, almost as big
as a three-cent piece and of any color
but red, projecting from a circular Inci
sion in his chin made to receive it, you
may know that he 'has plenty of money.
These beads are often owned In families
for many years;. Beads of all sorts form
a large part in the trading currency of
that country.
I saw Mollie Dexter at her hotel the
day after her arrival here. She Is change*!
3 Stor-y of R^aT
'Romance .
arid pathos
That C°lT« S Pporp
.'the Wand
oF Tee and SnoW.
and in trouble now and Is bearing her own
heart's aches with the courage which is
part of her character.
When she spoke to me it was with a
soft slowness and in somewhat halting
and broken English. "How I can tell you
stories? I like this country well, but I am
homesick for my people. I nome Golofnin
Bay. Alaska, not far from Nome. I can't
tell Englis."
The narrow dark eyes wandered from
mine, and I followed their sad gaze. In v
.corner of the room was a sort of couc^
or stretcher, made of skins and white fur.
between two chairs, and resting on it was
a wooden form or splint, laden with ban
dages.
"My little girl," she said, while the
tears came into her eyes. "Bhe only S
years last August, but sb« talk EngH?
little better than me. I tcke her to Chil
dren's Hospital this afternoon: she stay
there many months. " Again the sad eyes
sent a caressing look toward the mass of
fur. And I knew that MolUe Dexter, the
"good angel." as hundreds of half-starve«l
half-froaen miners have often had reason
to call her, was thinking of. her own trou
bles.
"Two years, first time I come to this
country, my h'isband he come with me:
this lime I come lone, or my little Jennie
die. I bring her little Eskimo dress that
she like to wear at Chignik with me. but
she no wear it now." She went to <*
trunk, brought oat a little child's dress
made entirely of deerskins, with trim
mings of wolfs fur. It was made with
some taste and sewn and embroidereU
with colored threads made from sinew
With it was another loose garment to
wear under the dress, made of squlrrti
skins. She patted them with the greatest
tenderness, eloquently expressive of the
devotion to family and children which is
so strong a trait among the Eskimo.
Then she told the story of how when
going back to Alaska last year on tho
St. Paul, the same ship that a few days
since landed them here from Nome, after
"fourteen sleeps.'" as she called the four
teen Jays passage, litt'e Jennie bad falieu
on the deck and hurt on* ef her limbs.
The bandaged splint that lay over on the
chair had held it In an upward rigid posi
tion for seven long months. Now out at
the Children's Hospital they have told her
it T> hip disease, and the treatment .for
it may be long and tedious.
Could all the miners and wanderers on
the face of the earth whom Mollie Dexter
has befriended, and who remember her as
Indeed a "good, angel." but know of her
sorrow now In the Illness of her child,
surely many honest hands and hearts
would reach out to her In earnest sym
pathy. ALFRED DEZKNDORF.
15no_textno_textTHE PASSING OF PICTURESQUE CHINA
TOWN AS VIEWED BY THE ARTISTS.
fy HINATOWX Is passing.
I I San Francisco's Chinatown, the
\Y") talked of, the written about, the
j^ visited— it is passing.
Perhaps you don't see it. That
all depends upon what kind of an eye ycu
axe looking with.
If it be a financial eye, of course you
don't gee it. Business was never better,
say the merchants up Dupont street.
Tourists come and go, faster and thicker
year after year. c The country Is prosper
ous and there Is money enough afloat to
reach the rare old lacquers and porce
lains and ivories that bring the righteous
and the unrighteous profit.
If It be the eye of the statistician, you
don't see it. Population within those
dozen blocks is on the rapid increase, you
Gay. Where once a few pioneer Chinese
huddled, now there are thriving families
rearing plenty of small fry to fill the tene
ments even fuller.
Ah. but if it be the eye artistic! Then
you know only too well that there Is no
longer In our midst a little, crowded
treasure trove of Oriental colors that
blend to harmony, of shaky walls and
rotting structures that beg to be trans
ferred to canvas. The artists have been
robbed- of their treasure, they say, and
the robbery was committed by a Board.
Many men and women who are famil
iar with every nook and corner and all the
devious ways of Chinatown stroll through
the narrow streets these days and glance
about regretfully, as they note a change
In some doorway; the absence of some
awning, or the addition of some modern
device.
They are the people who look for lights
and shadows, color eft>cts, types of hu
manitythey are tile artists to whom
Chinatown has brought much of happiness
and no little measure of fame. It Is through
their achievements that the place Is des
tined to lire for years and years after the
city will have razed the present quarter.
It is from their viewpoint the deat% war
rant of Chinatown was signed when some
men, collectively known as a Board, be
gan to buy whitewash, and it la their Chi
natown that Is Flipping into the waste
that past days make.
Who would choose to paint a flooring
of macadam? Who could see anything pic
turesque in a- wall which stares one out
of countenance with its unblinking white
sees?
Not an artist, purely.
It used to be that not a day passed but
the congested alleyways, the obscure
courts and even the traveled main streets
¦were dotted with easels. Even though it
rained there was always some typical,
slant-eyed creature ready to pose. Art
% students by the score found it inspiring
to be working beside painters whose work
was already spreading the fame of China
town. Now on the sunniest days one may
loiter about through the streets, in th*
chops, anywhere, and find no sign of a
pencil or brush. Pretty Chinese children
play about the doorways. Curious figures
silently shuffle in and out the passage
ways, but the artists who knew them
Fhave departed, apparently for all time.
Why? Because everything that used, to
be charming to them Is rapidly being
- spoiled.
The very atmosphere, I they complain,
which formerly was to them redolent of '
Orientalism, qualntnesn — "old - world
charm," they called It— has been replaced
±BX FLOWI3L KELLER.— BY THJX) WOB.ESL
,WY~ TJaiWMttAOS.— IT *KM WOBB&
THE SUNDAY CALL.
FROM AN ARTISTS STAND
POINT CHINATOWN IS EACH
YEAR BECOMING MORE
IMPOSSIBLE.
i? T is very true that from an artist's
f standpoint Chinatown is each year
« becoming more and more impossi
ble. There used to be a certain de
light in working there, right in the
heart of San Francisco, and yet as
far removed from the bustle and gar
rishncss cf the modern oity as
though one had sailed over seas. Most
of that charm is lost, for with every
attempt to Americanize the place,
with the idea of producing order and
;ompelling cleanliness, the old Orien
tal atmosphere is dissipated.
I have always felt that had China
town flourished in or near any of the
great art centers of the world it would
have been made famous for all tixua
by brush and pencil.
I never go there now — there is noth
ing to attract one. Much that was
ence so picturesque has either been
covered over with whitewash or is De
ing repaired and put in order for a
coat of whitewash to-morrow.
T. WORES.
WHITEWASH AND ELECTRICITY
ARE MAKING PICTURESQUE
POSSIBILITIES BUT A
MEMORY.
- • ¦ ¦ " — "~*~~ — " ;
. *=ipHEKE is no doubt that taeCliina-
THERE is doubt that the China
town of artists will soon be but a
.11 memory. What would you have?
The walls are being whitewashed, the
passageways ere being lighted with
electricity, everything that used to
have charm is being transformed in
color and picturesque possibilities.
1I1 I should not care to paint thero
Again. T. What color there is is gaudy,
rutre, regarded from the standpoint
of present-day art. ' It was not so n
few yecrs ago. Then there was at
\ xnosphere there was faint, almost im
perceptible smoke from the fireplaces
giving tone.
Of course it was never a pleasant
: lace to work because of the dirt and
the way the Chinese had of scram
bling over one's shoulders. But an
artist would rather have it so th«n
as it is. Now that it is being made
c'.^an there will soon b3 nothing to
paint.
:¦ It is a pity. I believe that every
net Ist who has worked there regrets
that Chinatown cannot .be permitted
to grow old with the passing year*
nd to change only as age would dic
tate. AMEDEE JOULLIN.
CSBUnETSB ?A N i • EE3jXJEXk™ "37 yrn^r^ !WT3"2nEPJL
toy a decided flavor of twentieth century
progressiveness.
Chinatown: as every one knows, is be- i
Ing put In a sanitary condition; at least ;
there are strivings- for that result: there- ;
fore Art must betake herself to other i
haunts. <
Far how could any one with artistic
cravings satisfy them in a room where i
every object strtmls fully revealed in the |
radiance of an incandescent lamp. Time
was when that rame room was tilled with
shadows and with a soft light falling fit
fully hire anfl then from a wonderfully
wrought, incense burning lamp. Then it
was that artists were at work.
It used to be that chimnrvs were un
known in the precincts of the soft-step
ping Chinese, and^when at successive
hours during the ifay one Celestial after
another would come to cook his little
meal of rice und pork, there was always
a pal» blue haze from burnin,? wood and
charcoal, to soften the color of a flaunt
ing canopy. The curling blue smoke is
carried away In flumes now, and gaudy
splashes of red and green and yellow
flare distractingly on jme's vision.
Fresh, clean planks in the Chinese thea
ter repluce the rotting and begrimed
flooring thu.L-v..is once a study in Itself.
.Walls have b*en covered over with pa
per in conventional patterns. Thrre is
even a white cnamele-t Iron bedstead in
one little Uen where less than a year ajco
ten Chinese used to huddle on bad smell
ing but picturesque mats.
Smoke-stained rafters that were delight
fully suggestive of age and primitive liv
ing have been painted white.
Out on the streets— even down Fish al
ley, but more conspicuously in some of
the wider avenues— evidence can be found
of the passing.
It was a good many years ago that
Amedee Joullin painted Fish alley. He
found it full of color, of rickety balco
nies and flapping awnings in varying
shades. Into oamboo baskets were gath
ered bright-colored paper scraps. The
baskets have disappeared and a cart daily
gathers all such refuse from receptacles
less antique and more practical.
No wonder that Joullin Is one of those
to say that Chinatown has had Its day.
A stroll through the crooked byways is
to him like meeting an old friend in whom
some sad change has taken place. Joullin
of late has been painting Indians, but his
Chinatown pictures are among his best.
In the days when Wores painted In Chi
natown— Ft was Theodore Wores who back'
Jn the early eighties "discovered" Its pos
sibilities, although Jules Tavernler had
worked there before— ln desultory fashion,
Wores painted the pictures that brought
him many shekels from people like
Earl Rosebery, Sir Thomas Hesketh
and Mrs. Hopkins Searles and Introduced
Ban Francisco's Chinatown to the art
connoisseurs of New York, Boston and
London, there was not a vestige of white
wash, not a thought of renovation. He
was looked upon by the people he painted
a something of an Interloper. The story
is still told how, In order to get the In
terior of a Josshouse, he became a paid
up subscriber to the society. The piece
of red paper on which his name Is in
scribed In odd hieroglyphics may be seen
any day posted on the wall of the Sacra
mento-street josshouse In company with
the names of hundreds of Chinese pa
trons. That slip of paper Is an undis
turbed memorial of the five years Wores
spent among the Chinese. Perhaps more
.than any other, he has pictured their lives
and customs, and a comparison of his
paintings with the streets and interiors as
seen to-day will quickly reveal In the dif
ference of scene and color the mutability
of art subjects.
The old Palace Hotel and the Royal,
which once teemed with color and where
in each room could be found material for
a characteristic sketch, have the past
year or so become as commonplace as the
most practical Board of Health man
could wish.
On every street some ornate little bal
cony, beloved by wielders of the brush,
has been removed or painted over. Lean
ing walls have been straightened and
loose boards on the older buildings have
been nailed down. On the roofs odd ef
fects secured from a vista in which
clothcspoles and ledges filled with boom
ing plants were deliciously mingled are
seldom found now. There will be still
other departures. One man who used to
paint there declared the other day that
the inhabitants themselves are coming to
lack something that at one time made
them excellent subjects for studies. Per
haps they, too, are yielding to the pres
sure of civilization, and while learning
the use of English and soap they may be
lostng the distinctiveness that has hith
erto made them so much worth while to
™ Afll ¦ 'luanv-arK . uuuuuf rouxxxai; :j
artists. Were a man to begin painting
there to-morrow he would not. as Jules
Pages did when he worked on his famous
picture, the one that received honorable
mention at the Paris salon of 1898 and
that 'helped him to win nnaily the medal,
have to have some one constantly by him
to keep the inquisitive Celestials from
hanging on his shoulders and his easel.
They probably would glance at him from
a distance unconcernedly.
Peixotto sketched in Chinatown last
year, but he did not attempt color, a sig
nificant fact. It is said that he will have
the distinction of being the last of the
artists of any note to seek themes in Chi
natown. Even the students, those who
send broadcast calendars and Christmas
cards, are looking elsewhere for studies,
for. like the painters 'in oil and the many
who have done exquisite things in water
color and pencil, they feel the change that
has gradually been transforming the lo- ¦
cality, and they, too, no longer find la- ¦
sr>lration there.
Chinatown is passing. 'With everr
bucket of whitewash the end la hastened.EMMA CALVE - THE WOMAN
1: the very middle of the center of Paris Emma
Calve, the great prima donna of the Maurice Grau
Opera Company, has a charming apartment,'acces
sible and prettily furnished in a Parisian sort of
ei-aj as to color and divans, with five Buddhas of as
many sizes and materials, to emphasize the Oriental
suggestion.
Although brought up as a most devout Catholic in
Mid- France, she is occult, esoteric. Buddhistic and su
perstitious to a degree. She consults fortune tellers,
is heneli something of a medium, believes in reincar
nation, and ; egards .death as but a change of existence.
Somebody has said: "You never think of any one
eiie when Calve is on the stage." It is the same in
a room. Every one seems tame and commonplace, and
Xt every one else.
It it not only that she is* very handsome, but that
her type and her personality are so pronounced.
She is a typical gypsy, and her proper draperies are
shawls and kerchiefs, sashes, big earrings, bangles and
a rag or two. No matter how elegantly she is dressed
tins picture forms a double about her that cannot be
- -Ken off.
As if in confirmation of this idea, her favorite posi-
on, and that into which she drops with a little chuckle
ci relief the moment the door is shut on the last of
her grand guests," is that of crouching on the floor
in front of a wood fire, which by choice she has burn
in g^ on the hearth instead of in a grate.
Ah, now for comfort," she cries, dropping down
with that mobile grace of a young savage, her bare
arms crossed over her knees, indolent content envelop
ing her whole attitude, the firelight painting Murillo
• ? hes over the rugged mass of dense black hair tum
bling about her round cheeks, the flesh tints of face,
arms and the large white throat, the dark glints of
eyes half closed, the marked brows, the full, red lips,
the sweet, womanly chin and the black and gilt fram
ing of her dress. Oh, how I wish I had something to
rcast!" she says, poking the embers with a little branch.
' How I love to roast raw things in a fire!"
No one would ever mistake the picture for that
of a Fifth avenue belle. Anything more like a "Bo
kemian" never breathed.
She lives alone here with her maid, "Jenny," a pious,
Alsatian maid, who regards the Buddhas and fetiches
ci her mistress with eyes askance, the sign of the cross
and an appeal to a saint.
With her company manners on, Calve is a strange
mixture of child and woman, now surprising by well
turned phrases and ideas that are forceful, true and
original; again dropping into the most childlike ex
pressions. Fitful and moody, she can pay the most
concentrated attention if the subject or person inter
ests her. She passes from one thing and one person
t j another more with the air of a good-natured child
that is being amused than of a lady who is entertaining
her guests.
At "her table the same peculiarities prevail. A nat
ural grace and a real good-natured desire* to have peo
ple served and comfortable govern her manner much
more than the trained attentiveness to her guests which
btlongs to the conventional society lady. Cordial, frank.
ti?i!y diverted, young-spirited, easy-going, she seems
able to neglect any one, or to say or do anything
rhrupt or harsh. You have the feeling that if she felt
like it. no social laws would prevent her from doing
or saying, or not doing or saying, anything that she
wished.
Her choicest toy is an Edison phonograph, which
was the first thing she bought in America. She is
never tired cf listening to it. singing and talking into
ir. znd having her friends try their voices. She is so
excited and interested to find that no one can recog
rize his own voice, but that all can recognize the voices
of others. She finds, too, that all local faults are ex
pgerated. She has obtained many hints from her
phonograph. She understands the practical make-up
of the machine, just how the "wheels go round." and
why anything if the matter. She has many celebrated
voices caged in her musical box.
What does she talk and think about? Oh. well,
rverything and anything that is suggested, with a strong
undercurrent toward the stage. Not talk about her
self and acting, but about plays and characters and ac
tors. She can tell a good story with both tears and
laughter ¦ it. and she seeks suggestion and help in
her work. Just row she is much concerned as to the
manner of being Ophelia mad.
The conventional Ophelia she finds flat and insipid
in its endless and unbroken plaintiveness, which does
not seem to her according to nature. She says no mat
ter how sweet and gentle persons may be, lunacy
changes the character and makes them do the very op
posite of the natural bent. The most modest and timid
are apt to be all that is opposite, and the most gentle
are subject to fits of frantic violence.
In Milan %he visited the lunatic asylum in pursuit
of this idea, and paid special attention to the young
jrirls crazed by love affairs. She found her theory to
be universally carried out in fact. Now she wants to
vary the Ophelia representation by those sudden and
unlooked for outbursts, but is afraid of shocking the
connoisseurs, who often hold much more by tradition
than by £ruth.
Speaking of these unhappy girls, the tears came to
Gtlve's eyes, as she remarked that all of them were
rocking dolls or making the motion of rocking babies
in their arms. She did not know whether it was the
memory of childhood that was alive or the maternal
instinct feeling for such subjects, as some years ago
-he herself passed through a very fierce love experience,
the marks of which will bear on her temperament
through lite.
She asserts very gravely that she will never ma-ry.
As to a married woman being on the stage, she has
itrong and very straight ideas. "Never, never on earth,"
she says, "should a woman show such disrespect to
her husband as going upon the stage while his wife.
Jl hurts his name, offends him in all his tastes, preju
dices and feelings. It makes him an object of ridicule,
whether he feels it or not. If rich, why should he per
mit his wife to gain her own money? If poor, so much
the worse. She is on the stage subjecting herself to
all sorts of possibilities to make money for him to live
by. Bah! Disgusting, impossible! I could not play
:i married. Besides, a woman who loves aright cannot
give the necessary attention to a stage life.
Then there are the jealousies which abound — jeal
orsy of stage attentions,* jealousy of each other's gifts,
: both arc on the stage," and she laughs and makes
ail I2uch heartily at the memory of the poor tenor who
for eight months actually restrained his voice one half
so as not to outshine his jealous soprano wife. After*
tlist time, however, he began to see the selfishness of
his partner; he sang out, swept the glory and granted
the divorce.
One delightful trait about Calve, she never bores her
J:ftcners with her triumphs, public or social. Such a
•rcliri as this is!
Speaking of the immense revenue which she receives
and is to receive for engagements for the coming years,
Calve remarks upon the pity of it coming so late.
"Ah. the pity of it," the says, in her expressive way;
"the pity that success comes so late. I never dreamed
of so much money. When twenty-one, two or three,
one-third of it would have been royalty. Oh, what
plans and projects I made for when I should be rich!
Now there are many things I do not want or cannot
have."
Calve is very generous with her money. She is at
present supporting wholly some eight or ten persons,
snme of them families. She is very kind to her parents!
She spends two weeks with them now before making
the Spanish tour. She gives much in charity also, and
l:rr name appears in the fund books of toe Blind Asylum
hi Paris. •
Another praiseworthy trait of this Carmen is her grat
itude for service or love rendered. The people who
were kind to her when poor, the nurse who was de
THE SUNDAY CALL.
voted to her when sick, her maid, her manager— she is
never too hurried or engaged to say a kind word or do
a good turn for any of them, ami she would just as
soon have them in her parlors as the most titled people.
Her singing teacher, Mme. Rosina Laborde of Paris,
is the special object of her veneration. She has taken
lessons of her some ten years, and still studies roles
under her direction. Her attachment to this lady, who
was herself a great prima donna, is very touching.
Calve loves cats. She finds them the most independ
ent and coquettish of created things and .full of occult
influence. She docs not care for jewelry. She is fond
of a slender bracelet with heart locket attached, tur
quoise on one side, diamond on the other. She wears
little, tiny combs about the width of postage stamps
in her shaggy hair. No one knows what for, and the
wonder is they do not fall out. ' She wears no rings at
present; her hands are plump, with very pointed finger
tips, a type that has been characterized as "idle hands"
by some writer. Wild verbena is her perfume, the car
nation her flower, autumn her season.
She laughs much that people are deceived in the size
of her hands when on the stage, where they really do
look quite small. She shows how she "manipulates"
them. A certain suppleness saves her from being a very
ki>ge woman; she has an illusive way throughout; and
she has a limping sort of walk that is fascinating. The
esoteric people tell her that she was a lover of Rem
brandt in another creation and that she was very cruel
to him. These people coaxed her to stop eating meat.
"I trembled— l could not sing. A singer must have
meat."
She has a great horror of being stifled, or of being <
held or restrained in any way; the idea of hands being
held over her ears or mouth is terrible. Being drowned
i<; to her the most horrible of deaths. On the ocean she
bees into fits when she reflects that there is "nothing
but water" all around. The thought of the cold, the
wet, the depth, the creatures at the bottom— eternity
there — ugh !
"Give me fire, give me heat, give me flames, burn me
up; but oh, the waves!"
It is needless to say that she insists on cremation in
stead of burial. If buried, she wants to be in Spain,
where "they put people into little houses and leave
the doors open."
She likes Spain; it is so cheap down there, and
everything so easy, and the sky so clear. She likes it
better than Italy. They do not like "Carmen" down
there, she says. They tell her no Spanish woman could
act like that. But' then Carmen was not Spanish; she
was Bohemian, just what Calve is. She is more tired
after Carmen than after any other role, and says it is a
constant tension.
Managers keep her playing Carmen because it is so
profitable, but she has s dozen other roles at command,
some of which she infinitely prefers. For example,
Santuzza, in "Cavalleria Rusticana," and Ophelia, which
are her favorite roles. She is frightened and nervous
until she begins to play.
She likes the climate of America very much, much
better than that of England, where sunless skies give
her the blues. She cannot speak a word of English,
however, which she mourns, as she cannot, without a
language, get a just estimate of individual intelligence.
It was by chance — which, properly spelled, mean 3
Providence — that Emma Calve became an opera
singer. Her parents, who lived in Spain, near Madrid,
at the time she was born, shortly afterward returned to
.France, to a village called Aveyron. Emma, a sweet
and beautiful child, was not thought to possess especial
musical talent. When twelve years of age she was sent
to a musical school at Auriac.
One day, about three years later, a famous musician
from Paris happened to visit the school. While inspect
ing the chapel he heard Calve sing. He was captivated
by her sweet voice and childish grace. He saw the pos
sibility of a great singer. He talked with her and her
mother about a musical career. As the result of this
enthusiastic encouragement she abandoned the convent
school, going at once to Paris to study music The
stage seemed to offer the largest opportunity. From
the critical period of her first debut until she became a
star of international renown Calve relates in her own
inimitable way the story of her failures and triumphs.
She says:
"I shrank from the idea of going upon the lyric stage,
but temperament was too strong for me. I was 16 then.
I studied first with Mme. Laborde and then with Mme.
Marchesi. Oh, how I pined for freedom! I, who lived
among the mountains, shut up like a caged bird in the
wails of a city. I thought I should die, but I did not.
and by and by I ceased to beat my wings. Then came
my debut at the Theatre de la Monnaie, in Brussels, in
ittz
'".Marguerite, in 'Faust,' was my first role, and I fol
lowed it with Cherubine in 'The Marriage of Figaro.'
I succeeded, and was engaged by Victor Maurel to cre
ate* the part of Bianca in an opera called 'Aben Harriet."
at the Theatre Italiens. in Paris. I also sang with Maurel
in 'Zampa,' at the Opera Comique. My voice was bril
liant, they said, but I could not act. I was cold and stiff
and immature — I had not learned to get beyond myself
in my acting. I was 19 by this time, and I became
dreadfully ill. I went back to the mountains to be
healed and to learn to live. I had succeeded as a singer,
it is true, bat had failed as an actress, and I learned the
meaning of pain — pain in mind and heart and body.
"Slowly, in that dreadful time, my soul awoke. I ma
tured. From the child I became a woman. Then I
read Balzac, and he opened to me the great book
'Humanity.' In his pages I learned to read the secret ot
human souls, the hidden motives of action. Balzac had
influenced me greatly, and I was seized with a passion of
new knowledge, the desire to help others, to make the
world better and happier. That condition, the. longing
to get close to humanity and help it. comes with the
knowledge of suffering. I went among the peasants:
I learned to know them; L absorbed their point of
view; I saw with their own eyes— eyes touched with
pain.
"We are blind, like kittens, in our youth; our eyes
ate opened by living. No longer could Nature satisfy
me, though I loved her as well as ever. I took the
knowledge she had given me during my childhood into
(he homes of the poor, and I saw that life was all a
mysterious whole — mankind, mountains, pain and joy.
I had recovered then sufficiently to return to the stage.
1 went to Italy and first succeeded in Ophelia and San
tuzza. You see I could act now, because I had sui
ted. There is one thing I am sure of — believe me. I
know — no one can be an artist except through suffering.
No one can portray suffering except by feeling it, going
down into the depths, and no one can shadow forth love
until love has taken possession of the heart."
About Mme. Calves succession of triumphs during
recent years all the world knows. We gasp at the small
fortune paid her each time she sings; we watch her
wonderful acting with bated breath; we feel uplifted by
her voice and her presence. But not so much is known
pf Calve the woman — a topic which is certainly not a
whit less fascinating.
Each summer is spent at her chateau — her dear cha
teau — at Cabriere, near Aveyron. There is a pretty ro
mance connected with this country seat. When, as a
girl, she used to walk past this place each day, her most
daring dream was to some time be rich enough to pur
chase it. After success came the dream was realized.
To-day she spends as much time as possible there, in
company with her parents and brothers and sisters. To
the village folk Calve is an ideal Lady Bountiful. She
visits the poor, takes the sick all sorts of tempting deli
cacies, interests herself in securing positions for the un
employed. The village children fairly worship her.
Calve loves children. She will sit for hours on the lawn
under the big trees surrounded by a group of admiring
children, telling them strange tales of what she has seen
and heard in foreign lands, and relating legends of long
ago.
Calve has been criticized for wearing a petticoat of
crimson satin in the first act of "Carmen." "Perhaps
you think." she says, "that this satin petticoat is too rich
for a Spanish cigarette girl. But it is actually the most
realistic thing in my costume. You know I went to
Spain to study my costume, and it is absolutely correct.
I looked up the details of the cigarette girl's costume
in Seville, the city in which the scene of 'Carmen' is
laid. Carmen, you know, is not a paragon of virtue:
in iact. she is about as naughty as she can be. I
watched my cigarette girls at the very doors of the fac
tories. They ar c _!1 well aware that the refinement of a
lady's dress is as much in hVr lingerie as in her outer
c-itume. There are second-hand costume shops in
Spain just as there are in Paris, London and New
York. I tracked many of my models to these second
hand costumers. I saw one of them buy just such a
skirt as the one I am wearing, which I bought at the
very same shop. I saw her flirting with her dress to
show her brilliant petticoat. It proved that she was not
used to such finery and wanted people to notice her. I
make precisely the same point in the first act of the
opera. Then, the crimson roses which I wear in my
hair — here again I follow the costume of the Spanish
cigarette-girl. In spring and summer these roses form
the only head-covering of the cigarette-girls. In winter
t bright kerchief takes Iheir place."
Calve is not without her superstitions. One of the
most fascinating points she makes in Bizet's opera, in
which she will be heard here, is the coquettish glance she
casts at herself in a small hand-glass. In one of he
performances recently the glass fell from her hand to
the stage. She was delighted when she picked it up to
find it was not brc!-en. Had it been she would have re
grrded it as a sure sign of misfortune.
When she rehearsed 'Carmen" for the fir*t time af>the
Opera Comique, after her return from Italy. she srave
the stage director much trouble. She hnH her own idea
of the role and insisted on ignoring his suggestions.
The stage director appealed to the manager, who had
been watching. "Leave her alone." he said "She has
no idea of Carmen, and she will find it out at the first
performance. It will be a good punishment for her."
The punishment has been international fame.
1718
AT THE
HEAD WATER'S
OF THE
SAN JOAQUIN
RIVER
A SURVEYING TRIP WHERE THE FOOT OF MAN HAS
SELDOM BEEN.
OVER SNOW SEVEN FEET DEEP AND THEN DOWN
TO THE MAMMOTH POOL OFTHESAN JOAQUIN RIVER.
ADVENTURES/ OF SERIOUS ASPECT BUT- HAPPY
ENDING.
HARD WORK ON THE ROAD. FUN IN CAMP AND A
GOLD MINE FOUND BY ACCIDENT.
KERN and Kings river canyons, the
\J Merced, containing the Yo*emlte
rA Valley, the Tuolumne with Its
\ beautiful Hetch Hctchy valley,
¦^ second only to the Yosemlte. have
all been vJKit*d and more or lees well
•written up; but of the upper San Joaquln
river canyon, lying in the center of the
four above mentioned, little If anything
ha* appeared In print, hence In writing of
a trip In that section of the Sierras I feel
I am writing of a comparatively little
known district.
Starting from Fresno in May. by team.
Bell's ranch, thirty-five miles northeaster
ly and quite a distance up In the Sierras,
was reached the second day. Here the
pack train was to be outfitted, but as ar
rangements had been made in advance
and supplies brought up from Fresno It
was only a matter of a couple of days be
fore the pack saddles, kayaks and camp
paraphernalia were in order for the start
on a lung and. hard trio.
The pack animals, ten in number, were
all Msjpsjsjsjf to "be agreeably to the ar
rangements, but Pete, one of the mules,
objected most decidedly to being saddled.
The moment any efforts were made to
blanket him his heels were In the air and
for a time it looked as though his wishes
in the matter would have to be respected,
but finally after repeated efforts his ob
jections were overcome and In the end,
that is when we were at the end of the
trip, Pete proved a good pack animal.
Finally a start wan made, and when the
party, eleven men all told, with ten pack
animals, were strung out on the trail
winding up the mountain, with some of
the animals almost lost under their large
packs, they made quite an Imposing sight
Our first camp was in Hosea basin and
right good did the bacon and beans taste
that night after the long and hard trip
up the mountain. On the second day
while the pack train went ahead to make
camp at Biff Creek thrtt of us made, a
detuur, going up a mountain to the great
nuwmill of the Fresno Flume and Irriga
tion Company at Shaver. Here were to be
seen those Immense sugar and yellow
pines and cedars cut down by the score,
the logs drawn dow.n greased skidways
by cables, one or two miles In length,
drawn by immense stationary "bull" en
gines, to a reservoir, there to be floated
to the mill, cut up into lumber and sent
down a large V shaped flume, filled with
wnter, sixty miles or more and 6000 feet
lower in elevation, to the railroad at
Clovls.
To go down this flume In a boat Is a
most exhilarating ride, the scenery grand
as one goes around high cliffs and ridges,
but very dangerous and not often under
taken.
The following morning after some mem
bers of the party had negotiated for all
the stone mortars, baskets and the like at
a nearby rancheria and which was the
last habitation we saw, we Inquired of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the Indians the whereabouts of the trail
we should take and to each inquiry as to
whether It ran north, south, east or west
we received phe assuring reply of "yes,"
an Indian's answer, we discovered, to any
question he does not understand. Other
questions received the same reply, but
when we pointed in a certain direction up
a mountain whefe we had been told was
a new trail and the yes came so decidedly
we concluded to try It, but a long and tire
some search through brush resulted in the
conviction that the new trail was a myth
and that the Indians' "yes" again meant,
I do not know. So we took an old trail
leading In another direction, but the high*
el up we climbed the steeper the trail be
came, till at about 1000 feet up it really
looked doubtful if the packs on the ani
mals would not prove too heavy and over
turn the brutes. It was only a few mo
ments before Pete and his pack fell over
and rolled 100 feet down an almost pre
cipitous slide to Its 'fooU
TVe all thought that would surely mark
Pete's last resting place as It had that of
several animals before, numerous skele
tons attesting to that fact; but upon be
ing relieved of his pack, Pete was up in
a moment, a little bit dazed, to be sure,
but, barring a few scratches, was soon
ready to go on. The pack train had hard
ly started, however, before another ani
mal lost Us balance and went rolling down
nearly as far as Pete had, but he, too.
had a miraculous escape from being
killed. All the while we hid been on this
trail a sheep herder a half mile off was
heard calling, "come back, come back,
come back," with a few oaths inter
spersed, but as his dog was continually
barking at the sheep, we supposed he
was calling it, and only learned a few
weeks later he was endeavoring to have
us come and take the regular stock trail,
the one we were on being used only by
the Indians when afoot.
The following day, after crowing the
? immit of Kiser Ridge at an elevation of
7500 feet, and over snow seven feet In
depth, we descended to the Mammoth
pool of the San Joaquln River 4000 feet
below, and through which all the water
from the Immense drainage area of over
one thousand square miles of the head
waters of the San Joaquin River passes.
Nothing could be grander than the sur
rounding scenery, Mount Lyell, the Min
arets and all the high Sierras appar
ently close at hand, completely covered
with deep snow and some living glaciers,
while almost all of the surrounding coun
try was clothed with grand forests of pine
and cedar timber. Here is the home of the
deer. In one area of a few square miles
their tracks were 'almost as numerous as
would be made by a band of sheep; but to
get into the country means a long and
difficult trip, once there, however, gamo
and trout can be had in abundance, but it
would be entirely too slow work for one
to fish alone, as I have seen trout, and
good-sized ones, too, caught as fast as
one could cast a line and another unhook
the fish.
Bear are plentiful also, as we saw nu
merous evidences of their presence. And
now for a bear story:
On a Sunday afternoon while in camp
high up in tht mountains a most peculiar
sound was heard a quarter of a mile or
so off. Eftrh person gave his opinion as
Khat it might be. One thought it was
» by a large bird, as h<> had hrn'rl
several years ago a lurse bird making, he
thought, a similar sound. Others thought
it an animal of some kind. <o to make it
Interesting I suggested a bear, which all
at once agreed it must be and hasty prep
arations were at once made for the hunt.
The rillt was examined and put in order,
the mazarine loaded full of cartridges and
a pocketful taken besides in case the brute
had a very tough skin and needed plenty
of lead; another armed himself with> the
best ax the camp afforded, another the
big butcher knife and the fourth a pistol;
while Major, the dog. was taken to make
the attack. As four, with all the imple
ments necessary for a close encounter,
seemed a large enough party to capture
or kill the unknown beast, whatever It
might be, the rest of us remained In camp
for developments.
The party went off elated at the thought
of killing a real live bear, and as at regu
lar intervals the sound continued, always
coming from the same direction, the
hunters felt dead sure of their game, but
after a lapse of fifteen minutes or so four
Bry much disappointed hunters returned
mele?s. They reported the game as
ving flown.
The truth of the matter was the sound
came from the wind blowing the limbs of
two trees together; so after that bear
hunting was a tabooed subject in camp.
This reminds mo of another •little excite
ment we had. With the exception of a
few nights, we never pitched the tents,
preferring to sleep on our cots in the
open air. So one night about midnight,
after all had retired. Major, who slept
near the cots, awakened camp with vocif
erous barking and would not be quieted.
One of the party upon arising to see the
cause informed us it was no more nor less
than that much-dreaded little animal, a
polecat, and that It was not more than
eight feet from three of us. What was to
be done? Major was inclined to attack it.
I knew that would be a fatal mistake, so
I grabbed the dog. Then one of the party
reached for his rifle and was for shooting
It right off, but if he merely maimed it.
what a fix we would be in! So he was per-
Enot to shoot: another tried to shoo
but the audacious little animal
not be shooed. Instead they said
c nearer, so a match was lit to see
which wny It really was headed for and
one of the party had the satisfaction of
seeing both its eyes, and he said they
were very large ones, too. This decided
us that it was going to stand its ground,
so what to do was the perplexing ques
tion. With Major barking and, several of
us yelling, still on it came, slowly, to be
sure, but It gave us cold shivers neverthe
hss. and we were on the point of desert-
Ing camp, when a second match was lit.
which revealed the cause of the whole ex
citement to be what? Only a bit of paper.
A very prominent feature of the country
Is Immense domes of granite, generally
bell-shaped, flanged at the bottom and
ranging In diameter from 50 to nearly lOOi)
feet. 'It Is one of these that has had
much to do with the formation of the
Mammoth pool.
From the pool the grade line of the pro
posed tunnel water conduit ran down the
canyon of the San Joaqutn with a fall of
seven and a half feet to the mile, while
the river had a fall of from 60 to 100 feet
In the same distance, so the river kept
falling lower and lower from the grade
line till at the end of the line, twenty-one
miles distant, it was 1730 feet below.
The survey down this line was an ex
ceedingly difficult one. For much of the
distance temporary trails had to be mad*
§ough dense brush or over cliffs to get
and from our work. One man carried
feet of three-quarter-inch rope the en
tire trip, which when a cliff had to be
scaled or worked around he would by
tome means get to a point above and
fasten the rope around a tree or rock,
while we below would swing around or
climb up the otherwise unscalable places.
Day after day almost every step we made
we took our lives In our hands, as a hesi
tation of but a moment In crossing
around cliffs or over those smooth and
treacherous domes would have meant a
fall and almost Instant death In the can
yon below, while the danger from fallln*
rocks was very great. While kneeling
and drinking at a little spring on a pre
cipitous slope, with two men standing
within three feet of me, another member
of tht party crowing a hundred feet or
more above accidentally loosened •
bowlder fifteen inches In diameter. He
called out a warning, and just as I looked
up the bowlder, with a whiz and a crash,
dashed down not three inches above my
head, striking the ground at the feet o*
the two men and then disappearing Into
the canyon below.
At another time, while I was directing
three men, standing but a few feet apait
and not more than a hundred feet ahead,
what brush to cut, a bowlder four feet in
diameter came dashing down the steep
slope, breaking trees ten Inches In diam
eter as If they were brush, sending rocks
flying in all directions and raising great
clouds of dust. That the men. or at leant
one, must be hit seemed inevitable; they
had « not a moment's warning and no
chance of escape, and the bowlder wti
going right for them. It was a moment
of great suspense, and only relieved when
with a great bang the bowlder struck the
bottom of the canyon and was shattere-i
to pieces. The dust cleared and it was
seen that by some miracle no one wm
even scratched. The bowlder passed so
near one of tne men he could have
touched it with his hand, and small rocks
all but grazed them. But happenings of
this kind were of almost daily occur
rence, and if the rocks did not slid* we
reversed the programme and slid on th«
rocks ourselves.
The farther down the canyon we went
the wilder and more inaccessible It be
< ;im^. and there is no doubt that we
were pioneers of much of the way. Sud
denly one day we came upon a place
where a large bowlder had been recently
removed by human hands, but what for
and by whom was the perplexing ques
tion, and .only solved after a long search
revealed in an almost inaccessible place
an old-fashioned Mexican arastra for
crushing quarts. A little farther on was
found a recently and evidently hastily de
serted camp, with provisions and crudo
mining tools lying around. Search, as wu
did most thoroughly every possible loca
tion, we could find no trace of either the
mine or any trail such as one would ex
pect to find leading from a mine to an
arastra— only single tracks, and they
seemed to lead in all directions, so it be
gan to ldok as though the mine location
would remain a mystery. But the last
day of our stay in that vicinity, and when
we were moving camp, one of the men
while out hunting accidentally found in a
dense brush thicket signs of the long
looked for trail, but so well was Its en
trance hidden that only an accident would
have revealed it.
tcall brought all of the party at once
ie thicket and it took sharp eyes to
w the winding trail, now through
brush, now over rocks, up a deep ravine.
At last, however, we were rewarded by
finding the entrance to the tunnel, and
from the large size of the dump at It*
mouth it was surely a long one*
We were soon in It, following it» cir
cuitous way till at last we came upon the
ledge Itself. There was no doubt of that.
as its glistening face stood out in the dim
light, but Just where the ledge commenced
a barrier had been placed recently la the
form of a large pile of rock, which pre
vented our further progress, but through
a small opening at the top we could see
by the aid of matches the ledge greatly
Increasing in width as it disappeared in
the depths beyond; but the pack train waa
already far up the mountain, so we had to
reluctantly give up further exploration
for some time In the future. This baa un
doubtedly furnished a clew to the mys
tery- of -a party living in the foothills, who
would disappear very frequently and then
reappear with plenty of "dust," and who
always was seen going up the mountains
In this direction. He was undoubtedly at
the mine when we were first In that vi
cinity, but had disappeared, hoping we
would not discover his Identity or the
As an account of a trip such as this
would hardly be complete without somo
reference to rattlesnakes, from the bites
of which we almost dally had some very
narrow escapes, I will mention the fol
lowing: One of the men. always In for a
Joke, thought he would enliven camp a
little, so he very adroitly coiled a piec*
of large rope In the blankets of his next
camp mate, attaching to the rope a small
one, which he covered with leaves, and
brojpght the end to his own cot. That
evening after all had retired and the vic
tim waa In deep, slumber the rope was
quietly drawn. Suddenly the victim
awakened, and the next instant, realising
there must be a -snake in his bed. Jumped
up as If a blast had been let off below
and called out In no uncertain voice. The
victim received much sympathy, but was
advised to klfl the rattler at once, and
armed to the teeth bravely attacked his
blanket with clubs and rocks. After as
suring himself that the snake must be
dead he threw off the blanket, only to
find he had been the victim of a practical
Joke,
At the end of six weeks we reached our
starting point. Bell's ranch, a sorry look
ing party. Our clothes at the beginning
had been new or nearly so, but were now
literally torn off our backs by the brush
PI had to fight our way through
the entire time. Still, as usual, all
i much better in health tor the
ps endured. -
Q. F\ WAKETIEUD.
Laborers engaged In excavating for the
foundation of a new building in Queen
•tr««t. Ottawa, have located the tone lost
stone, fraught with to much historic in
terest, which marked the scan* of the
assassination of the Hon. Thomas D'Axcy
McQee, one of the fathers of the confeder
ation. One surface of th* stone was pol
ished, and en it waa inscribed: "April 7U»,
1368. Her* fell D 1D 1 Arcy McQeV'THE "RED AND WHITE"
WOMAN
0 Southern Girl Who Comes to California
to Capture Prizes With Her String
of Splendid Thoroughbreds.
THE bell.
"They're off:"
A flash of red and white stripes
«reaklng Isaac thp track; above, In
the blotchy mass of spectators, an
other Cash of red and whit«, where tamo
body in a smashing crimson, pearl-but
toned gown leans forward, all tension.
For the red and white woman has ap
peared on the Oakland track
Brighton knows her and Sheepshead
Bay and Gravtsend and Saratoga. Wher
ever aha IMB it is a* the "R«- d and White
Woman." Wherever her colors flutter
there th« bookmakers are busy, for the
red and white woman i« said to Drove a.
mascot owner to the horses that she buys.
Ehe denies that she is the mascot,
though she Bays that IMrum, the Great
Dane, the huge black fellow that follows
?ier from race track to race track the
country over, is responsible for the purses
which *sbe hue comfortably pocketed. To
back up Ildrum's efforts the has had built
a liking new mascot gown and there
won't teen afternoon this reason when
that conn in. not in evidence at the Oak-
I*l.l track. -. - ¦ ¦ .
All the way from Long Island Mrs.
Cone has brought her string or sleek,
(slender, swift horses, that are to prove
winners If her luck and her pluck are
worth anything.
Ehe Is unique on this coast— a woman
traveling with her own horses. Not only
Is she unirjue, but she is interesting.
For one thing she Is pretty. Pretty wo
men are always interesting. .
For another she has had a spicy history.
The world dotes upon a spicy history.
Abe,*, all. she has the ginger to take
up a line of work where few women have
entered and still fewer have won out, and
she is making a go of It- , • . • „
For she I* all ginger. There Is ginger
In her black Kentucky eyes and there is
ginger in her quick, alert motions, and
there is ginger In the very colors she has
chosen. -the brick rod and white. -•'."¦¦
When »lit bought horses she meant to
succeed, and when she means anything
she means It.
Her horse enterprise Is the latest chap
ter in I many-chaptered story. She began
by being Mlfk Morgan, daughter of R. K.
Morgan of Kentucky. Here comes In the
Southernness of her; the dark of her
eyes and her hair, the suppleness of her
body. Here. too. comes In her love for
the track and Its favorites.
She was trained to know and to love
horses. Morgan always had an many as
he could afford and that was a goodly
number. Morgan was a Kentucky horse
man If ever there v/as one. horseman In
the blood and in the bone.
Morgan's daughter grew up with tho
nerves that tingle In response to a bell
and the eye that picks a winner. She
seemed to know by Instinct the clean
limbs that should be. the noble chest, the
extended nostrils, the glistening eye, the
wellbred head, the lashing loins.
She liked the turf, but as yet she had
not time to make it her headquarters.
She had Htveral romances to complete
first. U -. ¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦¦. ¦ ¦¦;,.¦
In I«s3 she married a man named Nat
Vincent, who, was clerk In some Missouri
court. He did very well for a while, and
when «he got tired of him she settled
matters by a divorce. This was a few
years after the marriage.
Next came N. H. Cone. He was the
manager of large mining interests at
'"ripple Creek, and he had laid away a
neat little amount of Cripple Creek earn
ings and she didn't divorce him.- He died,
however, and courteously left her two
hundred thousand dollars. •
Bar next venture was the marriage with
Walter Dinmorc, that romantic ¦ affair
which interested Son Francisco last win
ter. She called this off at the end of two
weeks and since that horifes have been
the center of her interests. _¦• ' . ¦
A year ago she bought one and entered
It. The first success got her blood up;
the next was Intoxicating. She mad© up
her mind to devote herself to horses, j ; '••'¦
She bought a Long Inland home within
eauy reach of Brighton and the other
race trucks. She, gathered a black re
tinue nhout her, for she known no service
but that of her father und her grand
father before her. The Morgans owned
their slavey and the Morgan daughter
owns hers. In every sense but that of the
law. From Washington Perkins, manager
of all forces, down to the smallest and
the blackest and the grlnningest groom
on the place, her brown-skinned retainers
adore her.
Cone Cottage on Long Island has grown
and preened itself month by month as the
horses have been making money. It has
THE SUNDAY CALL.
added a Turkish room ana » oiuo room gf
late.
Cone Cottage is deserted now and its oc
cupants have come out here, bag and bag
gage, for the winter. Seven bay and
chestnut beauties were shipped with
much cure and anxiety.
"I hate to leave you," their mistress de
murred as she went to their train to say
a good-by that must last until reunion
In Oakland.
"We hate it. too," whinnied Cassiopeia,
shaking her golden bay head.
"We can't bear it," mourned dainty lit
tle chestnut Floria.
"We won't have it," snorted Barbara
Frletchie, stamping madly. Barbara Is
the spoiled- child of the family. Mrs.
Cone says ahc trios not to love her best,
but she can't help it.
In spite of all protests the parting had
to be. The horses and their mistress did
not meet once on the long cross-continent
journey.
"Once I was frightened to death," Mrs.
Cone says. "We heard that there was a
wreck Just behind us on the road,
and of course we supposed It was the
train that the horaeß were on. Washlng
on kept the telegraph In convulsions and
1 tad hysterics.
"Hqw did It turn out? Why, we all
lived happy ever after, of course. Just
one look at these beauties shows that
they all escaped without so much as one
hair of one pretty mane lost. Don't they
look In good form?"
Bombshell thrust his head out of the
¦tall to sljow how thoroughly lit ha wu.
and Buzz neighed in agreement. They
were all alert, on pins and needles
of delighted excitement, for their mis
tress was at the stables. They knew
she was coming before she got there. The
wind had blown them a sniff of her long
before she appeared, Joliy and crisp in
her slashing red and white suit.
"She is coming," they every one of
them whinnied in furious delight. "She
is coming."
"She is coming."
The news ran from stall to stall.
Every horse was stamping, pawing,
snorting, squealing. When the black
grooms ran to open the stall doors seven
tossing, eager tyeads were thrust out and
there arose a- great cry of welcome.
She hurried down the line to give a
hug: here, a kiss there. The kisses mostly
go to Barbara.
"Jealous boy!" she cried to King
Cayon, who raised a furious stamping
when she left him and turned her flirta
tions to Frank Kenney.
"You flirt!" to Bum. as he reached far
tut to nose her tenderly, then dodged
teasingly as she reached out to him.
Seven men and boys, all black as the
ace of spades, care for the horses. An
other, gleaming black, polished black,
travels as trainer. Over all these Is
Washington Perkins, manager, and hi*
wife acts as maM.
"Ah'd hab to %o with Missus If she
wanted me to, no matter what I was
doln'," Washington says. "When she
bought her hosses and says to me 'Ah
wants yo' to help me, Wash'n'ton,' ah
says 'All right, Missus, you knows who to
count on In of occasion ob divergency.' So
ah dellnquished ma profalshlon to go to
her. .
"Ah was a minstrel by pVofalabion.
Ah've traveled all over Europe in that ra
pacity.
"The reason ah consldahs ah owe all
ma collegiance to Missus is kase her
futhah owned ma fathasj befo* de wah.
He put me on police foss in. Wash'n'ton
and dat was whah ah rose in life. So
when Missus wants me she can hab me."
Ten black servants and a big black dog.
In the midst of this ebony household "de
Missus" gleams as gay and as dainty as
an up-to-date poster In red and white.
"The Red and White Woman " always.
To-day It is a smart red waist buttoned
with great disA of pearl — to-morrow, a
flapping white Leghorn laden with a
poppy wreath. And at the races, every
afternoon, It is the smashing mascot
gown.
She and her ten-year-old boy come here
for the whole season and she Intends to
keep her horses busy. They never loaf.
She had them entered last season at the
various Long Island resorts. In the sum
mer she shipped them to Saratoga and
followed with the same retinue which she
has brought here. She contemplated Xew
Orleans for this winter, but settled on
California instead.
She has set up headquarters In an Oak
land cottage, where she can have things
her own way with Sally Lunn for every
breakfast and corn pone for every dinner.
She Is within walking distance of the
Oakland track.
Over there are the apartments of her
seven horses as well as their attendants.
Red and white flags, red and white jockey
stripes adorn the walls of the men's
rooms.
Washington Perkins, according to his
own accounts, is something of a plunger.
Even the least of the groom* bet among
themselves. But Mrs. Cone says that she
never bets and Washington corroborate*
her.
"Missus ain't like mos' gentle folks: she
ain't no spoht," he says.
"The purse is enough for me," she says.
"T don't care about risks."
Since the first few races she has never
been "rattled." Barbara Frletchle, t&e
big bay by St. Maxim out of Frances 3.
may run unplaced, as she did sometimes
In the runnings for three-year-olds at
Morris Park and Brooklyn, and her mis
tress will take the result as coolly a*
when she wins a purse, as she sometimes
does also. Bombshell may fall to live up
to all his past records, may disgrace his
Belvidere and Bonnie Bess pedigree, and
the Red and Whit© Woman will never
show a sign of feeling any more than
the will if he makes good.
"It isn't the winning or the losing »><»t
makes me excited, " she says.
"What Is It. then? "
the Seeing my colors up. The b«n
and 'they're off.' along with the sight of
my colors, and I'm wild In a minute."
As we turned away, John Coleman.
trainer and Ethiopian, interrupted the
good-bys.
"The day is cominV he said In the
voice of a prophet, when we'll thank yo*
two ladies for comln' heah to-day. Foh
It means a day when we'll win two races.
"Mahk ma wohds.
"Ah says to mahself when ah seen yo'
comin" heah, two strange ladles comln'
to de stables, heah' 3 good luck an' a day
of rejoicin' ahead. Foh two strange
ladles done visit de stables tosfeddah.
"When you heah ob a day when Missus'
hoases done win two racea, yo'll remem- ,
bah dis.
"Mahk ma wohds."
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Education is a debt due from present to
future generations— George Peabody.
The talent of success la nothing more
than doing what you can do well, and
doing well whatever you do. without a
thought of fame.— Longfellow.
There Is no road to success but through
a clear, strong purpose. A purpose un
derlies character, culture, position, at
tainment of whatever sort.— T. T. Mun
ger.
"Aha!" exclaimed the good woman,
"here's a story of a young officer In the
Philippines whose life was saved by a
Bible which he carried over his heart. A
Filipino bullet pierced the "
"Yes, my dear." 'interrupted her unre
generate husband, "but a deck of cards in
the same place would have answered as
well. "—Catholic Standard ami Times.
Already generous in its contributiona
that relate to the Astecs and cliff dwell
ers, Mexico is now yielding ui> archaeologi
cal treasures in the form of buried cities
and palaces, some of which reveal an
amount and quality of carv'ng and con
structive skill (jnite unexpected by the
men of science who are employed In thm
excavations.
The brilliant comet now visible In South
Africa is an object of great interest to the
soldiers. A private in the Buffs, writing
from Balmoral, says: "When I first saw
it I thought It was a veldt fir* with a
rocket ascending from it. A star of aa>
ceptlonal brilliancy was close to 11"
1920
THE CHINESE BELLE OF
AMERICA
WHEN the ridM rrom the
Ft«amer Gaelic curled up past
Alcaira?. spiralcd and settled
in McroglyphiCK as the heav
ily laden gt-ahoree from the
Orient ir,ad»- fast to her dock, there was
•oto''th!i BJore than the u.sual )-tir on
deck. Moic than the usual interest wax
¦how i from ih^ Mtnblage on the other
»id« cf* the gangplank, for a new scene
was being prehcnted. and the central fig
ure In the dramatis pcrsonae wan leaning
over the rail looking, as the wind flut
tered her flowing Miecves, like a'gorgeous
ly colored butterfly.
This wan Wm Chlng, the. niece of
Madame Wu, ilu mont popular Chinese
woman in the United State.n and the wife
of the moist up-to-date Chinese envoy fn
America. The mtlc one. with a rounded
chin In her rosy palm, watt palpably In
terested in taking her flm peep at Amer
ica :ini the Americans In the calm, un
emotional "way of her 'race.
She Ik an adopted daughter of Minister
and Madame Wu and adopted niece of our
Consul General, Ho Vow, a young lady
whom fate ha« especially selected to bo
the first Chinese belle of America.
THE SUNOAY CALL.
The third little brightly arrayen vision
at the rail was Ah Chee, also a niece,
whom the madume is bringing to Ameriia
that »he may be educated In our lan
guage and leurn the ways of our people.
And tnere, too. In the embryo of a fu
ture American belle, for little Ah Chee la
good to look upon and, judging from ap
peurunctt, posnessPH a certain amount of
mischief, which if true is already one
point scored, for Celeutlal mischief Is ft
rarity. Madume Wu, with a pair of pearl
studded lorgnettes, which she hamiu-s
with the jchlo of a Parisian, searched ea- '
gerly the faces of those on shore, finally
spying her party. consisting of the Consul ¦
General and rrtlrue. The rail was In
stantly deserted and first down the gang
plank went the tJny feet; then Into the
carriage like a flash. The door closed,
and the curious onlookers swerved their
Interest to others with evident traces of
mal de mer still paling their cheeks.
But Maiame Wu and Miss So Ching
Daisy Wu are good sailors, for when the
curds from the numerous interviewers
were sent up from the parlor in the home
of the Consul General they were not de
nied. • .
In a very straight backed and much be
carved chair gat Madame Wu in a gown,
of purple und black, hair swept straight
from her forehead and adorned with
pearls. -Ah, such pearls— truly crystallized
tears of the gods., pearls unrivaled in
beauty and size, 'as large as beans and
dozens of them. Diamonds, too. glittered
on the taper lingers as she rose to greet
me, after the manner of* our own people
with a handclasp.
Then came the presentation of >i»ss
Daisy, the Chines, belle of America, the
future debutante of Wastiington's .most'
elite Bccitty; the ttttue mi.** whose almond
eyes and ivory skin will strike tire In «.ne
heart of many a biave and world-wise
diplomat, for Miss L>aisy is to enter the
exclusive social circle under the chape
ruiiugv of Madame Wu.vwho will present
Pitr in the near future, her first. bow in
the outer world being made either at one
of the balls given annually by Minister
end Madame Wu or a formal dinner fol
lowed by a general reception. -
Little 17-year-old So C' hlll ß Daisy Wu
unbent her dignified reserve enough to de
clare in ~ softly syllabled Chinese, that
never, no never, never would she marry
an American man. so there— but— yes— and
the cupid's bow mouth, with Its dash of
st-ur'.ct toque. like a geranium leaf on her
lower Up. smiled roguishly; and she ad
mlUfd that she does rather look forward
to meeting them. So after all coquetry id
nut a» mm a lost art in China as one
might suppose. '.'-.'•
Very wonderfully dressed was this little
Daisy Wu, a.'! In blue and white with an
elaboration -. of , silver ' embroidery and
pearls! , More pear is; in her ears, round
her neck and twisted in attractive fashion
In the elaborate coiffure which stood out
-•..rift rouge, like a geranium leaf on her
. head, and surely- represented at' least
three hours of patience and hard work to
render It so perfect, and her little feet
will not thos# two and a half Inch tril
bies create a furor In the heart of Mr.
eptlble? For where among all the
Clnderellas of our fair land can he find
soles to compare with these?
' ' And more advantages bus this Oriental
mls>>. for already at her tender age she '
has finished her education In her native
land. . •- ' , .',•
She has at* her finger. tips the precepts
of their reilg'.on.'.shc has a trifle more than
the ! required . preliminary course in clas
sics, an adept in embroidery, an accom
plished musician on the Chinese harp, and
more titan a. few Ideas about directing a
household; ard now wren she reaches
Washington, with trunks of beautiful Ori
ertal gowns, with which Madame Wu has
presented her. with the strings of pearls,
jail*" charms, ard her own fair face, she
will forpet all about frivolities for a time
ard dev#te. herself to serious study— a
study of the English language, of French,
of- eWut'oM and American music; then,
too. she will take a lesson In repartee, will
be Instructed . how to say "nothing" In
various attractive ways. lljrM talk, to be
used for violet tea-* and ordinary social
functions: the already acquSred knowledge
of.Conf»'clus .belrg reserved for state din
ners and. nvT" f"rma' affairs. Taklntr It
n'l fn j»11. ?Tj»'o>me Prophec says that
th's little Ce>*tlr»l main", the first Chinese
girl to have social affiliation in America-,
" Is sure to be an Instantaneous success.
lmagire the gorgeous silver embroidery.
IN THE WORLD OF ART.
OWTNO to the new law passed by the
committee, of the San Francisco Art
Association, a law which barred the
admittance of oils, the exhibition
which opened Thursday evening.
November 7. at the Mark : Hopkins Insti
tute of Art showed rather bare walls, al
though most that passed the Jury this*
year were unusually good. This exhibi
tion -admitting only water colors, pastels
and black and whites is an experiment,
and as the first attempt to bring the .
water colors to prominence has been fairly \
•successful.. this ru.v of excluding the oils
will, henceforth be observed for the mid
year exhibitions.
The exhibition given : annually during
the spring months will continue to be gen- .
eral, including oils and sculpture. Al
though many of the old standbys, Keith,
Bluer, , Matthews. Stanton. Dici&man and
even JorKeiisen,.who seldom titus to enter,
a water color- exhibition, were conspicu
ous by their' absence,* the opening was
still well attended and enjoyeu by me art
lovers. . - ; , :.
One of the largest pieces and one much
admired was a water color by L. P. U»U
mer, representing . the Alaineda maisii.
Ihe foreground of yeuuwisn green marsn. '
aofteneu by the glow from tne sun shin
ing taintly through a mist, the poetry of
a misty day, was caught, and the effect- Is
excellent.. Sjuney ' I'arii has several
pieces— one a stretch of desert sands
spotted 'here aim tnere with sugebrusn; -
another 'from his studio,' a pastoral, was
much admired. C. Capell J*.dson sent a
very beautiful sunset effect, showing the
last glint of the sun streaking, the sky
and • reddish 'reflection shining •in the
water. The tempera painting by O. Caue
nA»so • whs hUng In .a . good • tight • urn! •,
"viewed with more than tr.e usual inter-
est, for.., although this o d Italian sciu.ul
•Ib again In vogue In Europe. It has not
be%n revived here to uio great extern.
The tempera Un.« f.tt dull linis-h. and for 'I
certain subjects Is very effective. -a" . . , '.
Annie Fiances BrigKs has a number of
MoiiU'ity scenes winch t u.itrac«.ed much
:. attention: ¦: " Mury •J. Menton had a . large S
piece of one of California's post beau.i- •
v ful trees, the redwood: als> a usher scene -
O. Plczso'nl sent' a. peculiarly weird brush
' effect, a symphony in green, which in well •
.worth looking at. >) ..- : - • . . ?*
A paitlcuUirly • good Htf.e : water color; "
another Alameda marsh, s.siuu 'rt.*b*i»-ie
. Opurosier.T.wajj ; shown. . C. •¦ P. < Neilson ;
showed a number of marine* and Moiiu
revs, some of which were. strong enough
for Oil. >-•- ¦••'•¦•..-• S-- '. ,¦ ; j,U;..r.
¦ ! Only a small number •of 1 black and
whites were exhibited. Among the best
were a "Boathouse." by Isubel Hunter; a
• particularly good result ¦; from the pencil
of J:r ; Maynnrd Dlxon. .-, representing i
crumbled ndobe ruin, of New Mexico: Slsc
' one of cowboys lassoing corruled horses
received • much ¦• favorable comment "
> Marlon- Drew, a young Australian artist.
comparatively little known here, exhibited '
• a' head which won well-merited prnlse. '
- Alice Best showed a good pencil sketch
of the well known model "Old i Emanuel "
"A Masked Ball," signed Methfessel, was
:*°<^^T-r'?^-^:\- •¦-¦¦.- •-
those wonderful flowing garments the
tiny feet and the stoical manner of the
Oriental women, in a bail room of Glbson
ian girls; will not the novelty alone sur
round her with a circle?
Bhe may not dance, she cannot swim.
she must not and cannot ience, for tradi
tion has decreed that the Chinese *omea
shall not exercise, but she may with her
tiny feet flutter across the polished floor
like a wind tossed flower. She may serve
the egg-shell cups of tea with infinite
grace She may do many things, among
dthers— for Chinese custom approve*—en
amel her face to a pearly whitene«» put
ting on a sea-shell flush witn a rabbit s
foot and a Hash of red on her soft little
mouth, with perfect propriety; she may
even use hair oil on those smooth black
tresses if the fancy takes her. and who -
will bid her change the custom or her
native land?
M»y the decree go forth, that never In
Washirston society nor elsewhere will lit
tle Daisy Wu adopt our American dress,
although she does smilingly observe that
she would sometimes like tA. May sh*
never shadow those almond eyes with a
lop of hair over the left si.de of her
smooth forehead; may she never even
cherish the wish to lose her grace in tight
stays, for the true poetry of China Is sym
bolized in her native dress.
The Consul General says that the so
briquet Daisy is a pet name, and we must
admit that the enphonlous combination of
Daisy Wu is alone enough to launch a
young lady into the top wave of society
and Insure her meteoric fame. But. after
all, Daisy weans nothing in particular,
while Miss Daisy's other name So Ching,
translated into our tongue, becomes
"beautiful and gentle." Some way. to the
American mind. So Chlng seems a trifle
more consistent with the soft silk gown
of violet and srreen. of blue and silver.
Little Ah Chee. which means "golden
branches." stubbornly insists upon keep
ing her own name, and I think Ah Chee
is likely to have her way about it.
for already this tiny maid is showing
signs of emancipation, the most impor
tant, perhaps, beginning with her feet,
whtrh are unbound, their natural sixe al
lowing her to skip and hop about In the
delightful manner of any mischievous lit
tle girl. Ah Chee is quite ready to talk.
too, for. in her own tongue, of course,
she told me all about the beautiful gown
she wore, which was almost the counter
part of her cousin So Ch'.ng'a. She show
ed me her TTttle brown hands, with long
polished nails. Her eye« widened and
flashed In parts of her conversation,
which I took for granted was all aboot
America, and which I would give much
to understand, for by the decided chin
and prettily shaped lips, somewhat
straight nose and well defined brows, lit
tle Ah Chee is fully capable of holding
any one's attention.
This little mis? will, with the advantage
of her natural sized foot, go in for danc
ing and will perhaps overcome the edicts
of her countrywomen by fencing, play
ing tennis, polo, and way oft some time m
the future may have a yacht and sail it,
too.
Speaking of the change In China sine*
s»he visited her old home four years ago.
Madume Wu says that the mark of aris
tocratic caste, the traditional small foot
of th* Chinese woman, is being less ob
served. Slowly but s«ure4y the sentiment
is chilngiiiK and there is a general incli
nation to allow the feet of the younger
ji'-ntrntion to reach their normal six*.
Whi'e large feet will perhaps never
dominate In the aristocratic families.
those following the more modern way will
not. as of other days, be ostracized from
the inner circle of society.
5 Next year an effort will be made to have
a larger space given to the black and
whites. . .
The rules governing the Bohemian Club
exhibition this year are unusually rigor
ous, giving us a forewarning that the ex
hibition which opens . the first week in
December will be exceptionally good.
Heretofore the artists have sent an un
limited number of canvases, but this year
the notices are posted that only five can
vases from each artist may be submitted
and a certain amount of space Is given to
each. - .. - f :
It is also asserted that no work from
non-members or outsiders will be ad
mitted. ••.-,;'•>¦- '• '•-•¦ -
News from Honolulu says that Theodora '
Wores has a studio on the Island and is
making as thorough a study of the Ha
waiian* as he made last year of the poet
ical Japanese. Grace Hudson is also la
Honolulu, but is expected to return to
San Francisco at an early date. •
A card from the Pan-American ad
dressed to I*. P. Latrmer states that a
"Whistler." a "Sargent." an "Inness," aa
'Abbey," also a "Keith" and a "Peters"*
each received a bronze medal. Our Cali
fornia artists are showing that, although
we are away off this side of the Rockies,
talent and genius are not strangers.
Thaddcus Welch has returned from his
long sojourn in the Yosemlte. and some
of . his. recent work Is now on exhibition ,
at Kennedy & Rabjohn's art gallery, on
Post • street. One. in which Mr. Welcn
has surely put the true spirit of nature
and all the -witchery of a, cloudy, foggy
day. Is the ."Marln Hills In Autumn.*
From over the brow of the mountain, j
which is covered with grass just begin
ning .to yellow, settles the fog, thin,
transparent, misty— almost moving ant
shifting with th* breeze.- A few figure*
In the foreground take away the mystery
ard leave the scene a wholesome bit of
nature— cf the best from the brush of
this artist that has been shown for sev
eral yen
A beautiful. still life, a branch of grape*
banging from a wall. Is another notice
ably fine p!rce In the same gallery, the
work of FRrnh Bender.
'¦¦ Fnra .Whitney, a former Hopkins stu
dent, who recently studied under Rod'n.
Pa*-'*. hr.« returned to San Francisco. To
study with TinOln Is a privilege, for the
eccentric master Is not fond of teaching,
but >vrMps th« Amerlonn originality and
po-ah^nd rwW* caught his fancy. At any
rn*r.Fbe studied, nnd has returned much
lir->— 'v -1 In p^- i-Nven profession. ", ...
'• PyhM Fnsterdcv. another graduate from
th*«.Hf>nlr|rj» e»nss of sculpture, has
r»»ovv«' her »tii«*lo to Mcnlo P«»rk. She has
reverhi «•!»•»«* r">mr*'««loT»s «n«1 Is at pres
er» worP"'r > on a Hfe-«lse figure.
There has b«»«»n much. conjecture among
t>«* tccal ••tilrtfor* M to whetr"** «r 19
the comn'tfoe ?n*c *rs-e of\th*»-McKl*»»«y
monument fu^d F«W| '"''"'? "-iTip'^lt'on .
for the b"!«t of th« late President. SbouH S
such a rioo'wlon he made there will be
ir»<*n»* v •"!»•» M *»"*er . ." k .»¦••
T* P T^rtl'-er w'll dye an exh'bJMon of* *
>*» work In »>»e irnple r"om of »be Pu'ne«\£\"
Hotel, tr"* aftefoon ar^ e.v»ntT»ir of No
vember 22 and 23. E. W.'<7"n"lei* hnn 1
present exhibition '*• p -b4s.st»'dJn. «5 n#nry
street. ~ ! HARRIET - QUIMBY. * VPages 21 to 32
VOLUME XC— NO. 163.
WAR REVENUE TAXES WILL BE CONTINUED
TO CARRY OUT PROGRAMME OF CONGRESS
GERMANY'S
SECRET WORK
IN COLOMBIA
Scheming to Secure Coal
ing Station at Car
tagena.
Supports Subsidized Steam
ehip Line to Gain Strate
gic Advantage.
Diplomatic Moves by Which the
Kaiser Expects to Command the
Approach to the Isthmian
Canal.
Special Dispatch to The Ckll.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
; vr.. WASHINGTON, Nov. {..-Proof that
Germany is supporting the application of
the Hamburg- American line to acquire a
coaling station at Cartagena. Colombia,
as been furnished the State Department
by the American Consul at Cartagena.
John G. Ingersoll. who succeeded Joseph
Bowron as Consul at Cartagena, has flle.-l
the Information with Secretary of State
Hay His report is highly important. Ho
states positively that he has reliable In
formation v.-ing that the Hamburg-
American line has made application both
lor a coaling nation and for a reduction
cf duties on the material they desire to
import into the state In connection with
its establishment; that its application is
being earnestly supported by the German
Consul; that, in fact, it has. in the form
Of a memorial, been transmitted through
him ar.d the German legation at Bogot>
v- the Colombian Government.
Significance of Application.
It Is, of course, to be expected that the
ierman Minister to Colombia will make
-very effort to obtain the approval of the
application by the Bogota authorities. In
gersoll makes no comment upon the in
formation, saying that its "significance"
will doubtless be appreciated by the Sec
retary of State. It has never been the
practice of the United States to oppose
legitimate enterprise, whether American
or foreign. In South and Central Amer
ica, and It Is doubtful If the State De
partment will interfere actively to pre
vent the concession being granted the
Hambjrg-American line, dangerous as it
is as aa entering wedse to the main
tenance of the Monroe doctrine. Consul
Ingersoll has undoubtedly forwarded a
duplicate of his report to the State De
partment to Minister Hart, and that of
ficial will use his unofficial influence to
prevent favorable action upon the appli
cation.
Senor Herran. Colombian Charge d'Af
faires, proposes to inform his Govern
ment cf the attitude of the United States
relative to the application of the Ham
burg-American line, and, jingoistic as the
Governor of Cartagena Is, he doubts if
the German move to acquire a coaling
p et&tlon on the shores of the Caribbean
Sea will meet with success.
Great Advantage to Germany.
Discussing the effect of the acquisition
by the Hamburg-American line of a coal-
Ing station at Cartagena, a prominent
naval officer said to-day:
"Besides the Atlas line, which the Ham
burg-American Company controls, the
German company also runs a line of
steamers direct from Germany to Carta
gena. These vessels are manned by Ger
mans, who are thus well acquainted with
the navigation of the Caribbean Sea. In
time of war the ships, which are operated
under a subsidy granted by the German
Government, Till be Impressed into tho
German service. A coaling station would,
of course, be useful as a base for the op
•rations of a German squadron in the
Caribbean Sea. With such a base the
command of the Panama and Nicaragua
canals would t-e assured, provided the
force were sufficiently strong, as Carta
gena is nearer to those two points than
Is the United State*. It would be dan
gerous to American Interests to permit
Germany to acquire a coaling station a"
Cartagena, even under the guise of a con
cession to a subsidized German steamship
line."
BLOOD MAY BE SHED
AT RAILROAD CROSSING
Southern Pacific Company Wins a
Legal Victory Over the
Blsbee Line.
EL PA6O, Texas, Nov. 6.— ln a lengthy
opinion banded down this morning at
Alamo Gordo, N. M., Judge Parker re
fused to dissolve the Injunction against
the Blsbee Company, but continues it un
til a final hearing, which will require sev
eral months. While the decision may be
reversed on the final hearing, yet in all
probability It will be maintained Th«
temporary Injunction Is in force until De
cember 2.
This is a decided victory for the South
ern Pacific Company, for the pass which
th# Bisbee se«ks to cross is the only out
let from the city and thousands of dol
lar* ham already been «p*nt in tunneling
to reach it. It is reported here that the
BlKbee will concentrate enough men at
mlng to reconstruct its tracks recently
torn up br the Southern Pacific. A coup
has been planned and bloodshed Is al
most sura to follow.
The San Francisco Call.
JUDGE ARTHUR H. NOYES TAKES THE WITNESS STAND
IN OWN BEHALF IN NOME CONTEMPT INVESTIGATION
THE respondents in the Nome con
tempt cases are at the end of
their tether. Judge Arthur H.
Noyes. around whom so much of
the Nome scandal centers, was
put upon the stand yesterday morning
and under the direction of Judge Me-
I-auKhlln, his chief counsel, was guided
from the time of his birth until July 23,
1900.
The examination has been carried on
without interruption. So far McLaughlln
has directed his questions with a view to
show Independence on the part of Noyos
so far as connections with McKenzle were
concerned. The statement of Hume, In
which it was alleged that McKcnzle said
Noyes* appointment cost him $Cs,ooo,\was
a central point of attack In the direct ex
amination. Noyes' tale Is not half fln
ished. Senators, Congressmen, District
Judges and other politicians of the Middle
PRIVATES ARE KILLED
IN ACTION AT SAMAJi
Navy Department Receives News of
a Battle, but Details Are
Lacking.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-Rear Admiral
Rodgers at Manila to-day cabled the Sec
retary of the Navy as follows:
"Privates George Lynch and E. A. Klo
nan killed in action at Sajopjan, near
Basay. Bamar, on the 7th Inst."
No further details of the action are
given.
MANILA. Nov. 9. -Physicians in at
tendaree on Governor Taft report that he
Is making excellent progress and is now
allowed to have half the usual quantity
of food. Hte wife wllj return from Pe
king on Monday. General Funston has
completely recovered from the operation
performed on him a month ago for ap
pendicitis and drives daily on the I,uneta.
Burglars Wreck Bank Building.
SIOUX CITT, lowa, Nov. 9.— The bank
at Turin, lowa, thirty miles south of
here, was raided last night. The robbers
failed to reach the cash department and
¦©cured only 950. Tbs bank building was
wrecked.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901— FORTY-FOUR PAGES.
West figure In It largely. PUlsbury is
taking notes, and when the cross-exam
ination begins the most Interesting phase
of the cases will be Installed.
C. A. S. Frost went on the stand at the
opening of the morning session and under
the crossfire of the amlcus curiae contin
ued to tell his story about the lists of
names for the Juries and certain affidavits
in the case. When Frost's former testi
mony Is compared with that of Friday
and Saturday some material inconsist
encies will be noted.
Noyes on the Stand.
"The fcope of this Inquiry is such thet
I think It necessary to go back for a con
siderable portion of time," said Judge
McLaußhlln In his direct examination of
Judge Noyen.
Then he took Judge Noyes from his
birth to his arrival in Alaska. Noyes
TWO THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED ELECTRIC VOLTS
FAIL TO KILL JUMBO II AT BUFFALO EXPOSITION
Big Elephant Declines to Die and Is Merely Tickled by the Six
Shocks Applied on the Platform.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. V., Nov. 9.— Harnessed with electrodes aAd other apparatus. Jumbo II stood In the middle of the stad
lum at the Exposition grounds at sundown to-day and gave the world a practical demonstration that an elephant
can take 2200 volts of electricity with pppurent unconcern. Whether from defective connections or from Insufficient •
current, when the switch that wai supposed to turn the death flood of electricity Into the elephant's body was turned
on, Jumbo merely threw a trunkful of dirt over his back and refused to die. If the electric current reached him at all
he did not express a bit of annoyance.
Electric wires had been run from the exposition power house to what was to be Jumbo's death platform, and when
the signal was given 2200 volts were turned on. It merely tickled the beast. After the unsuccessful attempt to kill Mm, Jum
bo wan unhitched from his harness and taken back to his home In the Midway.
.Explanations made by the electricians for the failure were that Jumbo's hide had the resistance of rubber and that this
formed a non-conductor Impervious to electricity. Others declare that If It take* 1800 volts to kill a man It would necessar
ily take more than 2200 volts to kill an elephant.
Jumbo was chained to a plank platform. Electrodes the sin of a large sponge were placed behind his ears and at
the end of his spinal column. Only 2200 volts had been provided for by those in chars*. The shock was repeated six times.
Jumbo wagged his tall, tore up a- plank with his trunk, looked pleased and trumpet** a bit. Th* shocks had simply tickled
him. When led back to his quarters the elephant was none the worse for bis electric bath. -
flrst met Alexander McKensle about
twenty years ago In Dakota.
"What were the relations between you
and McKensle?" asked McLaughlln.
"We were Intimate, not always on the
same side; but his friends were usually
my friends," responded the witness.
Then McLaughlln took up Hume's
statement that McKensie had informed
him that 165.000 was paid for Judge Noyes'
appointment, that he secured*, railroad
transportation and paid his expenses.
"Alexander McKenzie never paid a ho
tel bill, secured any transportation or cv'-r
paid One cent for me. I don't believe
McKenxle ever said that," was the an
swer of the witness.
According to Noyes' running account
that followed he was of some* little po
litical consequence !n Minneapolis and St.
Paul. He narrated his efforts among the
Counsel Directs His Quesions With View
of Attempting to Prove Absence of Bias
on Part of Witness in Discharge of Duty
Minnesota Politics and Close Relations
Between Judge and Receiver McKenzie
Furnish Some Entertaining Sidelights
politicians to secure the appointment, re
ferring to Judges, Senators and other gov
ernmental officers as his close friends all
ready to indorse his application. McKen
sle was as one non est.
McKenzie and the Judge.
"If McKensle spent $66,000. then it must
have been in bribing Senators and Con
gressmen T' asked McLaughlln.
"I can't see how McKenzie ever spent
a dollar," answered Noyes.
"It was necessary to obtain the favor
of Cushman K. Davis to secure the ap
pointment, was It not?"
"Yes. he was the senior Senator."
"Do you know what McKensle did do?"
"I do not. I presume he did every
thing he could."
Noyes testified further that Senator Da
vis told him that he went to McKtnley
for his appointment. Then followed a de
tailed account of the preliminary plans
for the organisation of the court In Alaska
and the selection of court officers.
"Did you, before proceeding to Alaska,
agr?e on anything else but a division of
the district?" continued McLaughlin in
direct examination.
"I appointed Mr. Borchscnlus and a dep
uty clerk," answered the witness.
"When you reached Seattle was McKen
zle there?"
"I was informed so, but had not seen
him or hesjrd of him since I left Wash
ington."
"Did you meet Robert Chips there for
the first time?"
"No, sir, in Washington; afterward in
Beattle."
JUDGE ARTHUR H. NOTEB, LATE
OF NOME, ON THE WITNESS
STAND.
"When did you first get acquainted with
Mr. Dickey, the deputy clerkr*
"I knew him In Minneapolis, where be
had a reputation as a capable man."
According to Judge Noyes Dickey was
the able man who was going to' establish
and instruct Borchsenlus -In his duties.
The work of an Alaska District Judge
was no easy matter from the recital, and
Noyes detailed not only his own duties but
those of the clerk, after which Judge Mc>
Laughlln took him from Seattle to Nome.
Noyes' acquaintanceship with Marshal
Vawter and Archie Wheeler came up In
natural sequence. Wheeler, another Min
neapolis friend of the Judge, went to
Alaska with Judge Noyes. Upon the lat
ter's arrival the meeting with attorneys
was exploited.
Then McLaughlln steered the witness
Into Nome and called his attention to the
meeting between Judge Johnson and
Judge Noyes on Saturday. Noyes said
he probably told Johnson that he intend
ed to go to St. Michael on Monday.
Just as the morning session closed Judge
McLaughlln reached the day when Mc-
Kenxle was appointed receiver in the
Chips versus LJnderbcrg case.
AIMS TO DISFRANCHISE
NEGROES OF ALABAMA
On Monday tho Citizons Vote on the
Rejection or Ratification of
New Constitution.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Nov. 9.-The dtl
sens of Alabama will vote on Monday for
the ratification or rejection of the consti
tution formulated by the late Constitu
tutlonal Convention. The proposed consti
tution has for its main purpose the dls
franchlsement of the negro, and at the
same time to leave the ballot in the hands
of every white citiien In the State. The
advocates of the new Instrument say
that this will be brought about by the
adoption of the proposed constitution. It
provides for a lieutenant governor, In
creases the terms of State officer* to
four years. lowers the limit of
taxation and makes many other
changes %om the fundamental law under
which the State is now being governed.
The general sentiment seems to be that
the constitution will be adopted by a ma
jority exceeding 25,000.
The main fight against the constitution
has been on the registration system and
the suffrage clause. It is claimed by the
Pages 21 to 32
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WHOLESALE
REDUCTION
NOT LIKELY
Vast Sums Now Col
lected Needed for Pub
lic Improvements.
President Wants Great Navy,
and Army Cannot Be
Out Down.
¦ •
Authorization of the Nicaragua Canal
Will Cause AH the Surplus
to Be Consumed la tha
Seeded Waterway. , -.-
Special Dtapatcb to The Can.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 O STREET, 27.
"W., WASHINGTON, Nor. I— No matter
how desirable it may be to men who are
paying the tax, there seems to be abso
lutely no likelihood that there will be a
wholesale reduction of the so-called war
taxes. Secretary of the Treasury Gaga
to-day authorized a denial of the report
that" he, the President and Mr. Payne,
chairman of the House Committee on
Ways and Means, had agreed that all the
war taxes should go.
"I have not yet made up my mind as
to what reduction I will recommend in
my report," said Gage. "There are sev
eral things which will be considered as
preventing the passages of a bill abolish
ing all these taxes at one' swoop. Un
doubtedly some odds and ends that now
cause annoyance should come off. The
question what to do with the surplus la
a very important one, and I prefer to
leave that to be discussed *In my report. "
Vast Revenue Is Required-
There will be a loud outcry from prac
tically all the members of Congress who
are after appropriations against any larg.»
redaction* of the war taxes. Senator
Hanna In his Interview with a Call cor
respondent expressed this feeling; when he
said that he would tell Secretary Gago
how to spend the surplus If it was worry
ing him. ' The expenditures of the next
Congress are likely to exceed those of any
Congress, with the exception of tha
period of the war with Spain.
President Roosevelt wants a great navy,
and the expenses of the army cannot be
reduced. There must be a river and har
bor bill at this session, and It is likely
to be a record-breaker. In addition to
that the coming Congress Is likely to
authorize the construction of the Nlca
raguan canal, and If that great work, be
undertaken there is no likelihood - that
there will be any effort to keep down the .
surplus. All the surplus that can be
hoarded will be needed to give the people
their hearts* desire In the form of a wat- ;
erway connecting the Atlantic and Pa- >
cine. *
What TJaxes Axe Costing; •- • «
These are things that make everybody .
skeptical when there is a report that a
somebody Is going to make Congress cut "
down the war revenue taxes. The' war •
taxes are now costing the public at the
rate of about 125,384 a day. The accom- S
panying figures show the working* of the
reduction made by the last Congress for -
the first quarter of the fiscal year begin
ning July. It Is shown that there has
been a decrease In. these taxes for the I
quarter amounting to $9,196,544 9L For the '
year the reduction will .be less than $36,
0,000 because there has been an increase
In other Items that will offset the expect
ed reduction. Congress had estimated the £
reduction at 140,000.000. The total fiscal
receipts for this year are likely to be in
round ' numbers . about $90,000,000. It is '•"*
doubtful If Congress can be prevailed on
to make a greater reduction than about »
$30,000,000. ' v
DEATHS MAY RESULT
FROM FOOTBALL GAJCES
Two Players in Contests at Cincinnati
Severely Injured and Likely
to Die.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 9.— Two football
players were probably fatally injured In
the games here to-day. In the game be
tween the University of Cincinnati and
Hanover (Ind.) College James Klrkpat
rlck. left halfback of the University of
Cincinnati, while making & tackle, had
his spinal column Injured and is reported
to be in a serious condition.
Louia Runk was also carried off the
field during the game between the New
port Xavler College and the Newport
High School College. Runk was the left
tackle of the Xavler team and waa seri
ously Injured while tackling. To-night
the physicians have very little hope for
his recovery.
Lord Neville Given Liberty.
LONDON. Nov. 9,-Lord William Ne
ville was released from Parkhursc prison
on tlcket-of-leave yesterday. He was sen
tenced to nve years" penal servitude Feb
ruary 15, IS9B, for fraud In connection
with a promissory note. His lordship
spent most of his time during his incar
ceration In wheeling a barrow on the
prison farm.
opposition to the new Instrument that
many white men will be disfranchised,
a the registrars have too much power
and can register and reject voters at their
will.2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Daily Nuisance,
A Simple Remedy Which Will In-
terest Catarrh Sufferers.
In its earlier stages catarrh Is more of
a nuisance than a menace to the general ;
health, but sooner or later, the disease
extends to the throat, bronchial tubes
and e\en to the stomach and intestines.
Catarrh Is essentially a disease of th« '
mucous membrane, the local symptoms
being a profuse discharge of mucus,
stoppage of the nostrils, Irritation ¦ in
throat, causing coughing, sneering, gag-
ging and frequent clearings of the throat
and head.
The usual treatment by local douches,
snuffs, salves, etc., often gives temporary
relief, but anything like a cure can only
be obtained by a treatment which removes
the catarrhal taint from the blood and '
the disappearance of the inflammation
from th« mucous surfaces.
A new remedy which meets these re-
quirements and which so far has been re-
markably successful in curing catarrh Is
Stuarts Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets act upon the blood and
mucous membranes only. They can hard-
ly be called a secret patent medicine as
they are composed of such valuable rem-
edies a* Sanguinarla, Hydrastin. Eucalyp-
tol and similar cleansing antiseptics which
cure by eliminating from the blood and
mucous surfaces the catarrhal poison. '
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are large,
pleasant tasting lozenges taken internally,
allowing them to dissolve slowly in the
mouth; In this way they reach the throat,
fauces and the entire alimentary canaL
If desired, they may also be dissolved
In water and used as a douche. In addi-
tion to the internal use. but it Is not at
all necessary to use a douche; a few of
them dissolved in the mouth daily will
be sufficient. However, when there Is
much stoppage of the nose, a douche
made from these tablets will give imme-
diate relief, but the regular daily use in-
ternally of these tablets will cure the
whole eatarrhal trouble without resorting
to the Inconvenience of a douche.
Dr. Bement states "that the Internal
treatment for catarrh is rapidly taking
the place of the old plan of douching, and
local application and further says that
probably the best and certainly the safest
remedy at present on the market is Stu-
art Catarrh Tablets, as no secret is
made of their composition and all the
really efficient remedies for catarrh are
contalred in this tablet."
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at fifty cents for full sized packages. Ask
your druggist and if he is honest he will
tell you there is no safer, more palatable,
more efficient and convenient remedy on
the market.
Tumors and Wens treated in from one
to three minutes by the hypodermic
needle and permanently cured. We are
the only doctors treating cancer who
positively do not use the knife. Let
us prove it. It will pay you to investi-
gate. We can cure you for less money
than any doctors on earth.
DRS. J. L. BOHANNON
& ADDIE EPPS,
Office and Sanitarium 12 TURK ST., San
Francisco. Cal.
Land Company Incorporates.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9. -Articles of In
corporation were filed to-day by the Los
Angeles Land Company, with a capital
etock of $250,000. The heaviest stock
holder in the company is said to be H. E.
Huntington. president of the Los Angeles
Railway Company. The directors are I
W. He'.lman. A. Borel. C. de Guigne.
Ep*s Randolph. John D. Bickness and J.
S Slaut-on. Members of the board said to
day that the object of the new corpora
tion was to ultimately combine all of thr
interests of the Los Angeles Railway
Company under a Fingle head. In it will
b« Included the city and suburban lines
of railway, a single powerhouse to supply
to all lines of the company and all lands
owned by the company.
/wT i a ©r© ore jDriccs
m I O \X C 8 XX V D6B I 'gV
m Every week we have a special sale of drugs, medicines, *«,
M' toilet articles, etc. During this sale we cut our cut. rates and 'i\
jfffj sell goods considerably lower than most drug stores pay for them, ft
L Here's our list for this week until Saturday night, November 16th : *i\
n Hermitage Whiskey 65c Tan gle Foot Fly Paper box 35c .M
li A asperior whUkey in age and You uiu»l!y pay joe for it at other 'Ml
J Savor — nioallf tclii at 75c a quart • placet. v'
r CarrSne 30c Java Face Powder 30c ||
A iplendid powder for the face Ijjl
\ Our c«aai price li jjc— ejhert tell th , t o,^ll^ £v, f et JOC- jL<
If Raymond's Tooth Powder 15c Cleaver's English Urucented Jl ]
X? Two for — we aell It regularly Soap. 4 for 25c fmt
«\ for «x a — other atore* charge The Ttta l*t price la 10c a cake. If, I
Vf \ isc. It it a good tooth powder * I'Uji
vl£, and weii worth the price. f Quart Bottle each Duffy and ' ////
|L Hoyt's Cologne small 15c Allen's Malt WhisKey $1.25 Ml
Vi> The regular ijc aire. The rejuUr -rice when aoU lingly mil
\^ 4711 Baroness Soap box 20c '• 7* e • **"«• iff
Vbi, Th« «* nl » r ice *• *> ; Florida Water large 35c Ml
Vt *' rlcn * a ' Cream *I.UV The re(ntar joe aize of Ray- £yJJ
\V\ Regular price $1.10. inond'i Florida Water. _ Jw/y
RAINSTORM IS WORKING SOUTHWARD
AND NO SECTION WILL BE SLIGHTED
Downpour That Deluges San Francisco Is General Through
out Northern and Central California and Down-Coast
Points Are Expecting a Share of the Precipitation
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9.— A light
rain set in at 6 o'clock this even
ing, the precipitation being a
small fraction of an inch. A
message from Truckee says that
snow is falling on the summit and that
the barometer indicates a heavy storm
impending. All crops. Including grapes
and apples in the foothills, are garnered
so the storm causes no damage. Show
ers are general throughout the Sacra
mento Valley.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— The weather
conditions have threatened rain all day
and to-night the indications continue
favorable. The Weather Bureau in Los
Angeles predicts showers to-night or to
morrow. There is no wind and clouds
that threaten moisture at any moment
cover the sky.
STOCKTON. Nov. 9.— A light rain com
menced falling to-night, and. while it has
been coming down steadily, the total pre
cipitation has been less than a quarter
of an inch. Some beans may be caught
out, but in this Immediate vicinity the
damage will not amount to much. The
indications are for more rain.
FRESNO, Nov. 9. — Rain commenced
falling here at 10 o'clock to-night, and
since then there has been a continuous
drirzle. Judging from the denseness of
the clouds, there probably will be rain
throughout the night. There will be no
damage to raisins. The rain was needed.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 9. — A telephone mes
sage from Julian this afternoon said sev
eral light showers had fallen In the
mountains. The precipitation did not ex
tend in this direction far. though the sky
MUTINOUS CREW
ON THE FORMOSA
British Bark Has Excit
ing Trip Around the
Horn.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 9.— The British bark
Formosa arrived this afternoon from
Antwerp, after a passage of only 117 days
—one of the best ever made around the
Horn to this coast. Captain H. F. Fret
wurst came in with one man in irons and
about half of the crew in a state border
ing on mutiny. The man in Irons is M.
Osterman. and he has been shackled for
two weeks because of an attempt on the
captain's life after a quarrel with the
first officer, in which the captain inter
fered.
The sailor was using rough and insult
ing language to the mate at the culmina
tion of several days of mutlnouß conduct
on the part of the men before the mast,
and Captain Fretwurst ordered him to
desist. Osterman turned with an oath,
picked up an iron bejaying pin and threw
it at the captain, missing that officer's
head by only a few inches and making
a mark on the woodwork of the vessel
•ufllciently deep to indicate that it would
have been' a fatal blow if it had landed.
With the help of the other officers Os
terman was secured and put into Irons.
The crew continued in a state bordering
on mutiny, and for that reason Osterman
was kept in irons until this port was
reached. As soon as ancnor was dropped
in the stream Captain Fretwurst. alter
making his report to the consignees, has
tened to the office of British \ ice Consul
Allen to lodge a complaint against Oster
man and others, and it is probable that
there may be a hearing of the charges
before the Consul here and a fixing of the
punishment.
Captain Fretwurst is of the opinion that
the cause of the trouble Is to be found
in the fart that the men would like to
be discharged with their full pay on this
coast, for the reason that they can get
better pay by remaining here or signing
for the return trip on some othef vessel,
as sailors are very much In demand on
the coast.
Warship Chicago at Genoa.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— The Navy De
partment has been advised of the arrival
of Admiral Cromwell, commanding the
European station. atGenoa, to-day aboard
his flagship, the Chicago.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
All California seems likely
to share in the downpour of
rain that deluged San Fran
cisco yesterday. The storm
was general throughout the
central and northern counties
and showers fell as far south
as the Mexican border.
Though there was no rainfall
in some sections of Southern
California, the storm appears
to be working down the coast,
and the indications are that
there will be an abundance of
moisture south of Tehachapi
within the next twenty-four
hours.
has been overcast all day and the predic
tion is for rain to-night.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9.— A light rain be
gan falling here this morning and con
tinued almost without interruption all
day. To-night it is raining hard. No
damage is exjjected.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— Rain began to fall
here shortly before dark and up to mid
night .07 of an Inch had fallen, a total for
the season of .89 of an inch.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 9.— Rain fell stead
ily all day, with a prospect for heavy
showers during the night.
NAPA, Nov. 9.— Rain fell here this
evening with scarcely an intermission. It
will do no damage.
ITO'S FOLLOWERS
OPPOSE CABINET
Japan's Ministry Faces
a Formidable Op
position.
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 9.— The steamer
Victoria arrived from the Orient this
afternoon. She brings news that political
disturbances hover on the horizon In
Japan. The Sclyu Kai. or the immediate
followers of Marquis Ito, have now ar
rayed themselves on the side of the Cab
inet's enemies. This section of the big
party is headed by Baron Suyematgu.
Mr. Haraskel and Baron Kaneko. They
propose to arraign the Cabinet on the
ground that the measures ot administrat
ive and financial reform contemplated by
the ministry are altogether too limited
and that the Cabinet's failure to sell
bonds abroad Is due to mismanagement.
They also complain of the failure to pun
ish officers guilty of looting in China,
against which there Is now considerable
feeling in Japan.
The terms of the new Manchurian agree
ment, as published by Japanese papers,
are as follows:
1. That Rural* la to enjoy the exclusive title
to all mining and railway privileges in Man
churia.
2. That all the Chlneee troops In Manchuria
axe to be placed under Russian command.
1. That two year* alter peace and good order
have been restored Russia will withdraw one
half of her force* and three years after that
date the remainder; and
4. That the Shanalkwan-Newchwanc railway
shall be restored to China on condition that
It Is never used for the conveyance of British
troops.
It is said that the Korean Government
has decided, though no official announce
ment has yet been made, to pardon the
persons suspected of complicity in the
murder of the late Queen. Most of these
persons are now refugees In Japan.
The Kobe Chronicle says the captains
and flallors (forty-eight in number) of the
two Japanese "sealing schooners which
were recently seized by the Russian au
thorities on a charge of fishing In Russian
wuters were sent down to Vladivostok,
where they are now undergoing examina
tion.
The Chinese cruisers Klenwel- and Kle
nan. the construction of which in the Ma
Wei dock yard near Fuchow Is now nearly
finished, will be sold to France. The Chi
nese Government, having first started the
work of construction of Uiese warships
by the advice of some Frenchmen, ob
tained all the materials from the latter's
native country. I'nable to pay wages and
for the material the dock yard authorities
are arranging the sale of the warships
through the French Consul In Fuchow.
MOUNTAIN LION KILLING
STOCK NEAR WOODBRIDGE
Two Hunters Who Come Upon the
Beast Are Forced to Beat a
B>etreat.
STOCKTON. Nov. 9.— A large California
lion is raiding the district along the
Mokelumne River below Woodbridge. The
ferocious animal has already killed a
number of hogs, sheep and chickens. The
residents of that section are fearful that
it may attack some child.
The lion was seen by Benjamin Aldridge
of Woodbridge and a companion last
Wednesday afternoon. Aldridge and his
companion were hunting quail along the
river. Suddenly, as they came around .1
bend In the river, they came Into view
of the Hon. It was crouching over t*ie
rarrasn of a freshly killed pig, and
growled ferociously as it caught sight of
the young hunters. They were afraid to
shoot it, for the reason that their guns
were loaded with small shot only. The
lion was remarkably bold. It stood its
ground, even though the hunters ad
vanced toward It. They themselves were
rt-qulred to retreat.
To-morrow a party of hunters will start
out to kill the Hon.
Grau Scores Financial Success.
I.OS ANOELES, Nov. 9.— The Orau op
>-rn company finished its. engagement In
Los Angeles to-night with an elaborate
performance of "Le« Huguenots." The
company will leave this city In a special
train at an early hour in the morning
for San Francisco. The brief engagement
was highly successful from a financial
standpoint, judging by the large attend
ance at each performance.
Sacramento If Growing.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9.-Statlstics Just
completed show a remarkable growth In
the city of Sacramento during the past
year. On July 1. 1890, there were In thltf
city 146 vacant nouses. On November 1
of this year this number has been re
duced to 90, while probably 60 new houses
have gone up and been occupied by fam
ilies.
Planning for Another Carnival.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9.— The citizens
of Sacramento are actively carrying on a
campaign for another Street Fair and
Trades Carnival next spring, and already
more than $10,000 has been subscribed by
merchants and others. It Is intended to
mane these annual festivals a permanent
feature.
King Edward's Birthday.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— The King spent his
birthday' at Sandringham with the Queen,
the Princess of Wales and the rest of the
royal family. There was no official ob
servance of the day, with the exception
of the customary salutes at Windsor and
at the naval and military headquarters
and the ringing of church bells. •
AFTER much anxious waiting on
the part of the farmers and rub
ber coat and umbrella vendors,
and considerable forecasting on
the part of Alexander McAdle,
Uncle Sam's expert weather watcher, th«
first .real good rainstorm of the winter
put In an appearance yesterday. It ar
rived without ostentation. During the
afternoon it hardly induced the ruislng
of an umbrella and had the effect ol mak
ing former residents of Oregon and Wash
ington feel comfortably at home.
As the darkness fell, however, Jupiter
Pluvius gained courage and soon after o
o'clock the rain was pelting the home
going throngs with soaking effect, flush
ing the gutters and sewers and bringing
anxiety to the hearts of evening amuse
ment promoters.
In spite of the discomforts the rain was
acclaimed on all hands as a blessing. It
brought down* the high spirits of the
Berkeleyites to a normal pitch and formed
a nttlng cover for the exodus to Palo Alto
of the Stanford contingent.
The storm struck the central part of
the State first and spread gradually in all
directions. Its approach was announced
to Forecaster McAdie in a telegram from
Point Conception. This was only one of
a series of telegraphic messages received
at the Weather Bureau during the day,
and McAdle announces that by Monday
morning the entire State will have re
ceived a thorough drenching.
The rainfall la the Interior was very
heavy. It* was particularly welcome In
the agricultural districts, where the crops
were beginning to feel the effects of the
long period of drouth.
A strong southeast wind is blowing out
side the neads and mariners have been
warned to lock out for rough weather.
FLORAL TOKENS
FOR EASTERNERS
Californiars Meet the
Traveling Passen
ger Agents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINBLOW. Arli., Nov. 9.— The Califor
nia reception committee met the Eastern
delegates to the convention of the Trav
eling Passenger Agents' Association here
this afternoon. Greetings were exchanged
and the Eastern visitors received a royal
welcome. The ladles of the California
reception committee presented the ladles
from the East with beautiful flowers.
President T. A. Garrlgan reports that the
visitors have had a splendid time and
that they are all eager to see California.
The Eastern delegation is composed of
160 delegates and about 100 friends. It Is
traveling on a special train of ten cars.
The train was cut into two sections hero
and the entire party left this evening fur
Williams, where they will arrive to-mor
row morning snd go through the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado before proceeding
to Los Angeles.
The California reception committee re
ports that It is having a grand time. This
morning the members visited the ruins of
the cliff-dwellers near Flagstaff. Car
riages had been previously engaged for
them and everybody enjoyed the nine
mile drive.
ASSAYEKS DISAGREE
ABOUT THE HELENA ORE
Bock in Federal Ground May Contain
Gold and Then Again It
May Not
HELENA. Mont.. Nov. 9.— Two «ssayers
made their returns to-day on the oro
found yesterday while excavating for thu
Federal building In this city. Assayer
Emmett R. Fisk's return showed there
was no gold In the rock. He says the
rock Is not quartz, but crystallized lime
stained with iron. The rock he assayed
was taken from the ground two days ago.
Assayer W. O. Brown makes a different
return. His assay was from rock taken
out late yesterday. While he will not
give out the figures to-night, he says the
assay shows values something less than
SO, and he says It Is as good a prospect
as has been uncovered In this vicinity in
a long tlsne. Assayer Flsk *ays there
might be value In the rock at a depth,
but he Insists there Is none now.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Humors
They take possession of the body, and
are Lords of Misrule.
They are attended by pimples, bolls, the
Itching .tetter, salt rheum, and other cu-
taneous eruptions ; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not.
They cause more suffering than anything
else. ' - :•¦'.. • ¦v : ¦-. . ¦
Health, Strength, Peace and Pleasure
require their expulsion, and this Is posi-
tively effected, according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by ¦ -
Hood's Sarsaparllla
Which radically and permanently drives
them otHan'Vh'i' I**1 ** "" ?hr.rphnie system.
The Seal of \
PERU! Has Been Putfl
NfttKll Upon GEORGE I
ClwH ]VIAYBRLn'B|
Ifi^tl 11 ! 1 ! EY£GLABBBS. lj
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician. German Op-
tical I Institute, also Graduate American
College of Ophthalmology. , :
107V/2 MARKET ST., NEAR 7th,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. i
GERMAN EYEWATER 60 'CENTS.
Open evening* until 9. Consultation,
examination and advice free. Telephone
South 572. - ¦ '%' "'":''/¦• : ,'; ;k "] "¦ :,*.
Persons ordering glasses by mail
should state their age; also :! whether
glasses are Wanted for reading, or dis-
tance, or both, and what price. ; ;
CUT THIS OUT. ;¦;¦,;
:.:.- • .-¦¦•: .¦'•¦¦¦;- •• -.:¦'¦. :->^~ '¦¦''-'¦'"¦- ,-"^/ •¦.-¦¦ ¦¦-¦:•>.*.';¦¦* -.¦;'¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦;• ' ; .»- • '¦- .' - -.' ...-i- ..•¦-.:'. ¦
A SENSATIONAL RECOVERY.
I M Mj 1 \ V>» c*A /^*' ¦* \ "I Ben( i you a picture of my residence
if 'Wf 'Stf tin ' \vH'*fcp* - ' — a^"' _ .^i I I helped build a house In lowa City on
:Mm •, - '-.--• «||' ¦^t' \\ , •v 1 V iO^*' A'" ' ~.^^^ =!^ *¦¦''. \Ji^^' ' J the Ist of last June, and worked eighty-
I . Nft. l +<Z t M " I rm^^^f^^fu^^-^^^^^A^ ¦ da > r urln S the whole time. How i 3 that
I' * '/T'lUr/zTllm' I I JIS. vTj '-/jffIJLV ' _^^Jiii*'' * lii for an old man 77 years years old? I came
/ "II J£k\JTli\mi • » /O**^*%»i3sSV " A/ home ln September and have built an
t \ . jlPHrvr * / ' ¦ i/A InChlOnn i\lßr iia=iB IHl == W^^fl lf Peruna nel P a me in the future as it ha*
A Venerable Wisconsin Lady Re-- j^***** 10 *, g .s*?-- I \ *** y Ir 1
stored to Health by P. runa Ifjcv^sjsfc r I^pIP^HV \^U> lie*
After Twenty-five Years' Ujr^fi 'y\\fr $£****'' li
(Special news from Evanevllle, W'ls.) J f^l Wgtf' jj^Sry^^^^^^^^^^^imS^mC!^^^
' EVANSVILLE, Wi«., Nov. 11.— A worn- ft £ / » " jLj mJf^^ m^-^^ MRS-CR&
an cured of catarrh of twenty-five years' Jf V Jr\^ *r**^'L *^*^» tsx HARDEMIf\
standing 1 was the occasion of Peruna be- j ¦ -^^^* win 'mr
i Ing introduced "to the Inhabitants of > . . .
Evansville. Wls. From that time to thW . \ . . ; . ,
.^SS.% B n&!^hSS^ 7f.sSS." "It cured m, wife of catarrh with SJga?i. I 3I 3r d SgS^ w € g \?Si SS
hlth It e is b ?hi BUm2nner8 U m2nner that Peruna spread, " hich >*• had been troubled for sel&* medicines they have in stock."
from town to town and from state to more than twenty -five years, and I . ' C. H. Harden.
State. NO sort Of advertising could have L-J *-*_ 4mnnklmit tm'tih i* *n» fiHamn
given Peruna the reputation it has. Tha "aa been troubled With It for fifteen Peruna can relled upon to cure slight
secret of Its success is that it makes years. We are now both all riant. colds and coughs and other catarrhal all-
cures. . It cures old cases of catarrh wher-» * , . , • » ments with a promptness that is ua-
other remedies have failed. This ought to "My youngest son had la grippe four equaled by any other remedy,
make any remedy popular. years ago, and, as he had supposed, had if a cold has settled in any portion of .
. Mr. C. R. Harden of Evansvllle, wis , %ot well, or so far recovered that he went the body and produced catarrh It Is gen-
writes the following letter: to work. He took a relapse and the pneu* e rally thought by people that they must
Dear Doctor Hartman— "l wish to write monia set in. He had hemorrhages, and suffer -on year after year without any
to certify what Peruna has done for me. though we tried everything we coul ] hope of cure. This Is not true, however
I read of Peruna in the papers, of what think of it was to no purpose until w? Peruna cures such cases. Thousands of.
it would do for catarrh, and sent for a gave him Peruna. The hemorrhages testimonials than can never be used at-
bottle. This was the first bottle of Peru- stopped and he soon got up and is well test this fact. i
na that ever came to EvansvWe. From and hard at work. We thin* there Is Any one wishing free literature on till*
my using It all three of the druggists now nothing like Peruna." " subject should address Dr. Hartman. Co-
keep It. , In a recent letter Mr. Harden writes: lumbus, Ohio.
Startling Statements From Kentucky, Illinois and New Hampshire of Othet*
Remarkable Recoveries.
WILLARD, Ky.— The news of the re- 1 ELGIN. 111.— In a very recent communi- MANCHESTER, N. H.— According to
covery of Mrs. Elizabeth Prater is a very cation from this place comes the news that late advices Miss Blancce L. Rundlett has
striking instance of the wonderful cura- T4r. Arthur Ernest Kidd, a well-known made a complete recovery from catarrh,
tlve powers of Peruna. This estimable architect of that city, has made complete of the head, which had caused a chronic
lady had been an invalid from catarrh ot recovery from catarrh of the head, from running from the ears. In medical circles
the stomach and bowels for twenty year* which he had suffered for nearly a quar- this cure has created a decided sensation.
No wonder her many friends are enthu- ter of a century. According to Mr. KiddY Her own statement of the case is as foi-
siastic over her recovery. She writes: 'It statement of his own case Peruna ha-* lows:
«»«»«»»»««aa»aT I" through the ... scored another ••••• •»»»«« "I have . suf-
4 a mercies of God •••••••• ••••••• victory over a ? i fered for several
, _>-»^^ ? and y°ur mcdl- " _ + case of chronic <> JnEh , years with ca-
_ '^k 4 Line that lam * ? catarrh of long • JBfjyjjy T tarrh of th-
a f I permitted t•. * r*^m^^i , standing. He ? jflsK^^^'ißEm head. It finally
" I '._ _^ M I write you th " / ' , writes the fol- <> gaEr < ! reached my ear,
JwMk>m I letter. I have f L blowing from IS » » lyf * and caused a
. 1™ Br 70) , been a constant " «V WS , Hamilton ay c- n Wl^ ft V ! running ear.
1 Mt\ li* M sufferer from " VL^ In n nut: | iS T ' Having read of
ViJ f / , bowel and ? ifl^^BT " •" I am 42 years ? VI jWS \ » Dr - Hartman's
T i, \ ** 1 HsO  stomach trou- ? . |«] ¦[ .^S ?of age and have # \ Mi / x „ remedies I immt-
\ j£rC» \^*r*±'JJ£+ I ble for about « JTl|^W£^3k* • had catarrh of I \ 'm ' £ * diately wrote,
*»2* m^^^m. :r~ twenty - five ? jHl7^l&. > the head for over + "S^^^^^Jml* and he advised
y&i^M Mm year*, and could « MK^ K> half of my life. I Jml W/ * me. To-day lam
*>!¦ WFet " never find relief 44| W** " as a result of I S^^V ? in better health
ifW i *& until I began ? >«B WF*£? .¦ ? scarlet fever, fol- « S^^!? * than I have been
! ff^?£&&*? r * the U8 « of Pot VI T^- ** T lowed by typhoid • jltMW^ " for some time. I
; * >-^£> " runa. < I fever. I got so a V'IJJWBf ? will gladly rec-
I vii i. .i. Pr»i» ' " l 11 **• ? Mr. A. E. Kldd, I bad that I was I W_2? -**^ " ommend Peruna
t Elizabeth Prater. > 1 use of your * I almost constant- I Blanche L* Rundlett " for all cartarrhal
? . ¦ . . t medicine th* tiia>a«a«ii.... lv coughing and T • ? diseases."
*a a •••¦•• •!•••• first day of last ' . clearln gmy ••••• •••••• ••• There is only
September, and have taken nine bottles throat The catarrh greatly Impaired my one systemic catarrh remedy that Is.
of Peruna. and can say that I believe eyesight and the hearing in one ear. an 1 sure to cleanse the whole system of cm-
lam cured of my troubles, and I think r reduced my weight to 110 pounds. tarrh. That remedy is Peruna. This 1*
am enjoying as good health as an old 'I tried nearly every catarrh remedy a remedy that reeds no eulogizing in ad-
lady of my age could expect. I am 71 advertised, besides a great many differ- dltlon to what the people say of it. Every-
years old. I recommend Peruna to suf- ent physicians' treatments, all of which where the people are praising Peruna as
ferers wherever I may meet them, ani failed, and the physicians would finally a remedy for all forms of catarrhal dlffl-
others of my friends are being benefited tell me that I could not be cured In this cultles.
by it. I think It is a Godsend to poor, climate— I ought to go to a dry cli- Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
Bufferlng humanity. mate. etc. - -. lumbus. Ohio, for a free copy of Dr. Hart-
"l will always be thankful to you for "I had beard and read of Peruna. and mans latest book on catarrh. This book
your medicine and kind advice, and trujt finally decided to try It two months ago. treats of the different phases and stages
that many others will take your. remedy I have now taken seven bottles, and of catarrh, and should be in the hands of
and be as greatly benefited as I have I weigh 172 pounds. Never felt happier or every catarrh- sufferer. "Health and
been." • merrier. Pee! tip top." I Beauty' sent free to women. - -
SENATOR FLINT
MAKING GAINS
Confident He Will Win
the Gubernatorial
Nomination.
Special Dispatch to The CUI.
LOS ANOELES, Nov. 9.— Senator
Thomas Flint Jr., of San Benito County,
who Is in the south looking after his
gubernatorial fences, will remain In the
vicinity of Los Angeles a week beforo
leaving with his wife for Sonora, Mexico,
where Mr. Flint is Interested in mining
ventures.
The Senator declares that If he can
obtain 40 per cent of the Los Angeles
County, delegation In the next State con
vention he will win the nomination for
Governor. Mr. Flint holds that the re
sult of the recent municipal election In
San Francisco Is a blow aimed at boss
ism and that the election of Schmlta In
the bay city portends success to his own
candidacy. A beginning In the right di
rection in California Republican politics,
Mr. Flint declares, was made when
Thomas R. Bard was elected United
State* Senator.
The issue then was plain and, according
to his ideas, the best element in party
f>olltlcs prevailed. Next year the same
sue will arise, and on the result of the
primaries will depend whether the fruits
of the victory gained in Senator Bard's
election are to be retained or thrown
away.
Senator Flint says he has promises of
support in the convention from one end
of the State to the other, and that he ex
pects to obtain a large part of the San
Francisco delegation. In the San Joaquln
Valley he Is advised that sentiment It
forming the same way, and the northern
counties send word of good cheer to him
self.
Mr. Flint asserts that should Governor
Gage fall to obtain a solid delegation In
his home territory he cannot get a sec
ond nomination.
CF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Uade in Postal Service and
More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The Poatof
fice Department to-day announced the
following: Postofflce established: Call*
fornla— Kearney Park, Fresno County,
Martin T. Kearney, Postmaster. Post
master commissioned: California— Dehda
Mllburn, Bear Valley. Appointed: Wash
lngton-H. U Hart, Cokedale, Skagit
County, vice Richard de Haas, resigned;
D. J. White, Eagle Gorge. King County,
vice A. D. Bomcr, resigned.
The postofuce at Watervllle, Wash., will
become Presidential January 1: salary of
PoHtmniJtcr $1100.
The gross receipts of the Ban Francisco
Poßtonice for October. 1901, were $107,887,
againnt $96,407 in October, 1900. Los An
geles (or the same months $27,815 and $23,
340 respectively.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Robert w. Thompson, San
Francisco, $«; John 8. Jennings, Needles,
$«; John L. Hunter, Veterans' Horn*,
Napa. $18; William A. Doffner, Qrfjtori,
$«; Albert Allan, Hunter, $<; Robert P. M.
Oreeley, Oakland, $6; James P. Blanklnr
ship. San Diego. $«; Joel L. Thomas, San
Francisco, 16; Joseph Cords. San Fran
cisco. 18. Increase— David Smart. WUlets.
J8; Archibald Hook, Los Angeles. $8;
Benerno B. Lyman, Saratoga, $8; Albert S.
Blanchard. Henleyvllle, $l 2: David Coon
(dead), San Francisco. $12. Widows—
Minors of David Coon. Fresno, $12: Mary
M. Curtis. San Francisco, $8; Alice V.
81ossen, Los Angeles, $8; Kate A. Myer,
[ Friedman Furniture
A ™ rm — ~JjF t¦l \r I J I 1
T <«*•-*• I/^I /^ ¦ ; .+ rii'tl"'Q"C ;That ire great for com-
I^l LLXv^ . I I I I I I y\*^ fort are numerous in our
C— • store. You will recleve
as courteous attention when looking at them as when buying expensive
furniture. This India Window Seat In oak, with bright velour top— .
many different colors and patterns — is an odd piece for odd comers. Get
one that will match your carpet. " Strong and serviceable $|.10
: A Vs/^vi T'f* The best line of portieres In the Drapery De-
X^\.L/V - / \_\. L> partment we've ever had. 'L art nouveau,
Persian, and new floral designs in rich material
and colorings. Have just opened a new lot of Tapestry Portieres of pleas- .
Ing floral designs on Turkey red, India blue and all the greens. Two and
half yards long; knotted fringe end*. First floor. A pair $1.85
I '" rYl^' r rViTVI ICP For Rugs; M. Friedman & O>'s.
• ; J[ } X 1C •' ¦ XI U LIOC There are two kinds of rugs* we
. " ' , ' ' ' . • want to tell you about this week .
as they are particularly desirable, for quality and price Axmlnster Rugs
of velvet softness and lustrous texture. Oriental patterns on India blue.
Ox-blood red and Persian came."; hair grounds. 27x60 Inches " $1.65
Big, reversible Smyrna Rugs in Turkish patterns and fringed ends." Three
> feet wide and six long. Usually sells for $6, and always pleases $3.75
7 , ' V ...'-';.«• The Credit House. 1 * Six Stories High. : f.^
PmTsM ffo t* 00 * M * rfc^ *» Ph* I\~+<J *^ml£m»
San Francisco. $8. Mexican war— Melissa
D. Gordon. Alameda. $8.
Oregon: Widow— Laura F. Share. Wood
lawn. $8.
Washington: Original— Robert Wtgnalt,
Montesano. $6; Abraham N. Hess, Blame.
$6; Daniel R. Truax. Seattle. $8. Increase
—George Davies (dead). Seattle, $8; John
Lucas. Chehalis, $10. Widow— Sarah A.
Davies. Seattle. $8.- - ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ban Fraael«e% Sunday, 10 November, WOL
Only $3.75.
•; : — H
Some time a*o we made arrangements with one of the
largest manufacturers of rattan furniture to make for us ex-
clusively the above pictured reed chair in several different
colon The first shipment of these chairs has arrived and
they are now on sale.
Considering. the artistic beauty of these rattan chairs.
the price we name (5.V75) is almost sensational, and we pre-
dict that the factory will have difficulty in keeping up with the
demand.
Three different colorings to choose from — weathered
brown, olive green and natural reed. We'll lay one of these
aside till Christmas, if you wish.
n — 1 _8&
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 MarKet Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
PROSECUTION CLOSES ITS CASE
AGAINST SLAYER OF MEREDITH
Missing Witness Reappears in Seattle and Gives Evidence
Damaging to the Considine Brothers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Nov. 9.— AH the evidence
tending to convict John W. Considine of
?he murder of ex-Chief of Police Meredith
1s now before the jury. The State exam
ined its last witness and rested its case
The rainy season is upon us
and it behooves every one to
look to their FOOTWEAR. We
have in stock a good line of
Rainy Weather Shoes for rtyle
and comfort THAT CAN-
NOT BE EXCELLED BY
ANY HOUSE in this city.
Your special attention is
called to our No. 97. which is
a Box Calf, Matt Kid Top,
Extension Sole and Half Mili-
tary Heel for $3.00. We also
carry a large stock of Chil-
dren's Footwear, which must
be seen to be appreciated.
We Give Green or Red Trad-
ing Stamps.
LIPPITT
FISCHER,
945 MARKET ST.
just before adjournment this afternoon.
On Monday morning the opening state
ment of the defense will be made and
the examination of witnesses in behalf of
Considir.e begun. Between 90 and 1W wit
nesses have been summoned for the de
fense, end while it is not probable that
all of these will be called to the stand
the defense does not expect to reach the
tr.d of its testimony before next Satur
day. Arguments and the charge to the
jury probably will be carried over to the
following week.
The case of the prosecution, as It now
stands, rests upon the theories that for
s( me wec-ka or even months, prior to the
bhooting John Constdine had been heard
to make threats against Meredith; that
when the two Considlne brothers met
Meredith at Guy's drug store on the aft
ernoon of June 25 a first shot was fired
outside the store either by Thomas Con
«i<Jine or by some unknown person In the
Ccnsidine interests, and that this shot
drove Meredith to the use of his shotgun
in self-defense.
The third, and so far as evidence goes,
the best supported contention of the pros
ecution, is that Meredith was insensible
and helpless from the blows struck upon
his head by Thomas Considlne before
John Considine fired the three shots, one
of which !b conff<ied to have been the
cause of Meredith's death.
Mrs. Meredith, the widow of the de
ceased, was on the witness stand this af
ternoon. Ht examination was brief. She
tald In response to questions that when
her husband left home farly on the after
noon of th<- killing she noticed nothing
unusual in his manner. Mrs. Meredith
was a;>k«l no questions by the defense.
Three well-known physicians gave ex
pert testimony to-day, responding to a
hypothetical question as to the effect
up'/n a person of blows on the head such
as »he *vld«»nce showed Meredith to have
received. They united In the belief that
partial, if not complete, unconsciousness
must *-n?u<\ Asked a.« to what-condltlon
a man would be In under such clrcum-
Btances, Dr. P. B. M. Miller nald:
"He would be Incapable of making an
assault and perfectly defenseless from an
attack of any kind."
The cross-examinations of these wit
nesses Indicated the purpose of the de
fense to attempt to show that Meredith
was still capable of attacking John Con
fMo'ln*'. and did In fact make a motion to
ward his coat pocket, which contained
another revolver, when he was shot by
John ConnMlne.
If M. Hammond, who gave important
tfftlmony for the Rfate in the preliminary
hearing, and who nan been missing since
that time, showed up last night and ap
l»far»»fl on the witness stand to-day, lie
t«-Ptlflf-fl to having heard a shot outside
the drug store prior to the first shot flred
by Meredith and having seen the puff of
fimoke In front of an unknown man, who
lmm«vl lately followed Meredith and John
'inelo'lne Into the store.
I'roseruUnjj Attorney Fulton received
an anonymous letter to-night, setting
forth the identical statements of Ham
mond's testimony. The writer says that
for biiftlnep* reasons he or she dare not
appear publicly In the case.
Young Ladles Clean Streets.
PASADENA. Nov. 9.— A movement for
general Improvement has been started at
Sierra Madre. a few miles northeast of
this city, which is soon to have electric
railway connection with other Southern
California points. The town Is the win
ter home of a few wealthy Eastern peo
ple. Twenty young society ladles Invited
youny gentlemen to hoe weeds out of the
principal streets, promising a grand treat.
The ycun* gentlemen fallM to appear at
the date set, so the young ladles hoed
the weeds, piled them up .to dry and
themselves ate the plcnlo luncheon which
they hid prepared. ¦- .
Prison Wardens In Convention.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. ».-The annual
convention of the National Prison Aaso
cictlon began a five days' session in this
city to-night. The annual address of
President J. F. Scott, superintendent of
the State Reformatory of Massachusetts,
was th« feature of to-night's session.
There are 200 delegates here and among
them are many noted wardens of prisons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVBMBBB 10, 1901.
POOLROOM MAN
FIGHTS EDITOR
Meet on Bridge Between
Sacramento and
Washington.
Proprietor of a Yolo County
Paper Is Worsted in Say- ,
age Encounter.
Bpeolal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.— R. C. Gorton,
editor of the Yolo County Message, and
Ed L. Kripp, partner of Angus Ross in
the Washington poolrooms, met this af
ternoon on the bridge which connects
Washington with Sacramento and a sav
age fight ensued. The editor drew a
pistol and the poolroom owner seized It
and threw It into the river. Blood marks
on the bridge flooring told of the lively
character of the combat. The editor was
brought home for repairs.
The Message, which Is published in
Washington, across the river, came out
this morning with an article bitterly de
nouncing Kripp and the poolrooms. Kripp
says that when he met Gorton on the
bridge he began speaking about the of
fensive article, whereupon the editor
whipped out his revolver. Kripp wrested
It from his grasp, and throwing it over
the bridge rail, proceeded to "lick the
editor."
The poolrooms, under Kripp & Roas'
management, reopened in Washington
this morning, the nrm having arranged
to get the news of the races from Oak
land, despite the order of the New Calt
fornla Jackey Club forbidding the send
ing of reports to poolrooms.
Kripp ridicules the idea that the people
of Washington want him to get out of
the town. He says that he has within
the past few weeks helped to strengthen
the levees and install water mains and
fire plugs, and that he intends to give
the town a hose cart.
Whether or not the Washlngtonlans re
gard Kripp as a philanthropist, they have
thus far made no serious effort to close
his poolrooms.
CONCENTRATION
CHAFFEE'S PLAN
War Department Acts
on General's Recom
mendation.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— On the recom
mendation of General Chaffee, command
ant of the Division of the Philippines, the
Secretary of War has Issued an order for
the reorganization of that division. Up
to this time the division has comprised
four military departments as follows:
Department of Northern Luzon, com
manded by Major General Lloyd
Wheaton; Department of Southern
Luzon, commanded by Brigadier General
J. 8. Wade; Department of the Vlsayas,
commanded by Brigadier General R P.
Hughes; Department of Mindanao and
Jolo. commanded by Brigadier General G.
W. Davis.
In accordance with the action of the
War Department to-day the division will
be divided into only two military depart
ments, to Include within their limits the
entire Philippine archipelago. They will
be known as the Department of the
North and the South Philippines. The
Northern Department will be commanded
by Major General Wheaton and will in
clude the island? of Luxon. Mlndora and
Masbate, and ail the intervening terri
tory. The Southern Department, which
will be commanded by Brigadier General
Wade, will embrace the remainder of the
archipelago, and Include the large Islands
of Samar, Panay, Mindanao, the Vlsayas
and Jolo.
The consolidation of these departments
is in accordance with General Chaffee's
plan to lnatltutte a vigorous aggress l ye
campaign against the insurrectionists,
who recently have become active and
troublesome In the Islands of Samar,
Leyte and In the extreme southern por
tions of Luzon. It Is understood that
large bodies of troops are to be concen
trated in the districts where outbreaks
have occurred under the command of offi
cers of high rank with the full purpose
of promptly stamping out the spirit of In
surrection. It is said, furthermore, that
the reduction In the number of depart
ments In addition to making the military
forces more compact and efficient wIU
result in a reduction of expenses.
Not One Chinese Aboard.
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. 9 —The steam
ship Queen Adelaide arrived this morning
from the Orient, bringing a cargo of 6000
tons of Chinese matting. Chinese Immi
gration to the United States by way of
Puget Bound seems to be falling off. The
last few steamers arriving from the
Orient have brought but few Celestials
but the Adelaide broke the record of the
past three years by not bringing a single
Chinese passenger.
ADVEBTISEBTRNTB.
GIRL WOMEN.
The general standard of measurement
for womanhood is "grown-up-ness."
When a girl is emancipated from school
and arrives at the dignity of trailing
skirts and elaborate hair dressing she is
looked upon as a— ¦¦¦s— —
a young woman. I jgJKv*\ I
But nature! wr&\ \ 1
knows nothing I -~—Jf « I
of such stand- 1 ffijj^ > Jr&^L. I
womanly func- BBH^L. jflj
tion is establish- ISSiSREI^JJH^nV
cd womanhood |BK)BBrsiWß^^
is attained ac- IS H^^l|H
cording to her HB^MHEsl^lv\
standards, and 9 H> 1 1
there is need of HJjflfliß K fe il
wo manly care l^p^?!^|
is girlish ignor- 1 H~4J^B
ance or neglect |pv~^Q|
at this critical |fi^_
time which often |wT^\^H
results in long I I
years of after l«^k^ =d|
Mothers who Hi J*S |^ ""¦
perceive the evl- NLdTH I— ""fl
tional derange- hnisßßHaiasvßSsDliS
men t in young girls should promptly
have them begin the use of Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. It establishes reg-
ularity, tranquilizes the nerves and tones
up the whole system.
"My troubles started during my girlhood,''
writes Mlm Flora I. Gree/, of 107 Howe Street,
Akron, 0.. "but did not prove serlona until 1893.
Prom that time I did not see a well day. I
suffered at every monthly period with terrible
headache, Irritation of the spine and pain* in
my heels. I had forenesa through my hlpa and
ovaries all the time and constant backache..
One doctor would till me one thing ailed me,
another would say something altogether differ-
ent, but they only relieved me. f then wrote 1
you and followed your advice. I took five bottles
of Dr. Pierce* ¦ Favorite Prescription, four of
'Golden Medical Discovery' and five vial* of
' Pellet*. ' Have- not had a single symptom of
my old trouble so far. Can slcrp good, work
hard, and eat solid and substantial food with-
out distress." . ; ¦'¦¦--
Dr. Pierce'e Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
bowels and stimulate the sluggish liver,
ENRAGED MONKEY
ATTACKS A CHILD
Little San Jose Girl
Receives a Painful
Wound.
Animal Tormented by Boys
Retaliates Upon Unof
fending Spectator.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— A monkey that had
been Infuriated by tho torment of some
boya to-day attacked little Josle Taylor,
the 8-year-old daughter of Mrs. Jackson,
who resides at 12U Ea»t San Antonio
street, and but for the timely Interference
of bystanders might have inflicted fatal
ihjuriea. As It was, the girl waa knocked
down and her right wrist badly lacerated
by the animal's teeth. Her face was
scratched and her clothing torn. The
wound in the wrist is a painful one and
very dangerous, as it 1b near a big artery.
The monkey belongs to a show exhibit
ing at Sixth and Santa Clara streets.
Some boys had been teasing It, but douged
the animal, and aa girl passed along it
sprang upon her. Showmen then rescued
the girl from the monkey.
When Joule called at the Receiving
Hospital this afternoon for a second
treatment Dr. La Spada discovered that
the remedies he had applied had been re
moved and a bandage of chewed tobacco
substituted. The girl said that the Bhow
men had met her after she had been to
the doctor's and removed the bandage,
substituting a poultice of tobacco. This
was removed and the wound dressed.
There seems to be no immediate danger
of blood poisoning.
SIMPLE NATIVES
THESE TUTUILAS
Commander Tilley's Re
port Tells of Island
Conditions.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.-While Com
mander Benjamin F. TlMey, commandant
of the United States naval station at Tu
tulla, Samoa, was in Washington recent
ly be submitted to Secretary Long his an
nual report on affairs and conditions In
this Island possession.
Commander Tilley says that the Tutu-
Has are a gentle, kindly, simple-minded
people, and that the form of government
! Instituted by the United States ha*
! proven very popular with them. He re
. counts the numerous Improvements in
the system of self-government which
have been suggested to the people and
i eagerly agreed to by them. Two of the
: conditions which needed reform were
! noteworthy.
Every once in a while, says Commander
Tilley, a whole village would make up its
mind to go on a "melanga," or visiting
party. All work would be abruptly
i btopped and all ages and sexes woull
start out on a wandering holiday. The
spirit of hospitality, he sayi. Is cultivated
' to an extreme among the natives, and at
1 every village visited by the rovers the
hosts felt it their bounden duty to enter
; tain lavishly.
The visiting party would stay at one
village just as long as their entertainers
could provide food for them. When sup
plies ran out they bade hasty adieus and
moved on to the next village to be "en
tertained." Commander Tilley says that
there never was a time that a "melanga"
; was not in progress somewhere in the Isl
and.
Another custom was the bestowing of
present* of great value at weddings and
other ceremonies, a practice which was
carried to such excess that a single wed
i ding often Impoverished a whole village.
Summing up the work In Tutulla. Com
mander Tilley rays an organized govern
ment has been established, which keeps
i the people quiet and happy and Is help-
Ing them materially In their Journey
along the pathway toward complete clv
', Illzatlon.
UNION AND NON-TTNION
MEN FIGHT A BATTLE
One Man Seriously Wounded In an
Affray Between Smelter
Employes.
NORTPORT. Wash.. Nov. 9.— Ed. Ken
nedy, formerly a blast foreman at
the smelter here, was seriously wounded
In a battle between union men and Joplin
smelter men to-day. The non-union men
were In a saloon drinking when Kennedy
came In. He had been drinking and was
singing a song which referred to "scabs."
There were a number of other union men
In the room and an altercation arose
Finally the Joplin men threw off their
coats and said the*y were ready for bust
ness. In the melee a number of shots
were fired. The fighters went outdoor*,
nd the bartender says the last man to
pass through the door flred at another
man ahead of him. Kennedy was picked
up In the alley, suffering from a gunshot
wound In the back. The man who did the
Bhooting escaped In the darkness.
Officers have gone to the smelter
grounds to search for him. Excitement
is Intense and it Is feared that a more se
rious colllson may follow.
FLEEING MURDERER
ABANDONS SLOOP
Pursuing Tug Fails to Capture the
Slayer of Thomas
Netes.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 9.— The police
dragnet is closing in on Frank Nicholas,
the Greek fisherman, who murdered
Thomas Netes, and it will not bo long, It
Is said, before he will be brought In.
His sloop has been found In a water
soaked condition and coincident with the
finding of the craft near William Head
the partner of the fugitive walked into
the police station and told of having been
landed at Sidney, twenty mllen away from
where the sloop was found. He said that
Nicholas had not spoken to him of the
murder and he was ignorant of it until
he reached this city. It afterward de
veloped, however, that he was endeavor
ing to shield the fugitive, whom he had
landed near Port Angeles at 4 o'clock yes
terday. Bringing the sloop bnck to with
in a short distance from where It was
found he had chopped a hole Into It with
an ax and turned it adrift.
OBJECTS TO BEING
CALLED A MICROBE
State Printing Office Compositor Sues
the Editor of a Labor
Paper.
BACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.-Oeorge H.
Ward, editor of the Signal, a labor paper,
was arrested to-night on a charge of crim
inal libel, preferred by J. E. Ruggles, a
compositor In the State printing office.
\Vard published an article In the Signal
a couple of weeks ago calling upon t)r.
F. "W. Hatch, superintendent of the State
Hospital for the Insane, to send back to
Stockton a man who was described as a
"microbe" in the State printing office,
who had been engaged In doing politics
offensive to Ward. The reference was
taken to mean an employe who once had
some mental trouble and Indignation wan
great among this man's friends. Ward
published an article In the Signal to-day
saying that he did not mean the person
alluded to, but that he meant J. E. Rug
gles. Rugfles swore out a warrant to
night for the editor's arrest. Ward gave
bonds for his appearance on Monday.
MARRIAGE ENDS
DAY'S COURTSHIP
Captain Watson of the
Wyefleld a Rapid
Wooer.
Weds a Miss Several Hours
After Her Arrival Prom
Scotland.
Special Dispatch to The Cfell.
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— A romance charac
terized by rapid action from wooing to
marriage was enacted In Tacoma this
week. Its principals were Captain Alex
ander Watson of the British steamship
Wyeneld and Miss Jeanette Petrie vi
Aberdeen, Scotland. During the last six
years Miss Petrie has had charge of Cap
tain Watson's children, a boy and a girl,
aged 8 and 13 years, whose mother died
six years ago. Miss Petrie started from
Scotland to bring Captain Watson's chil
dren to him. Khe expected that his ve«>
Bel was loading at San Francisco, and
bought tnrough tickets for that city from
Chicago. She had left Chicago before
Captain Watson became aware that she
and his children had so nearly accom
plished their Journey.
All one day and night the telegraph
wires were kept hot in an effort to locate
them. They were found on the Union
Pacific just in time to have them leave
the train at Ogden and board the next
train for Tacoma.
After embracing his children Captain
Watson did not hesitate to sincerely
thank Miss Petrie for her tender care of
them. During the same afternoon he pro
posed marriage and was accepted. Ho
and Miss Petrie Journeyed to St. Luke's
parish house and were married. The next
morning at daybreak the steamer Wye
fleld weighed anchor and sailed for Vlad -
vostok.
Captain Watson and Miss Petrie hal
been schoolmates together years ago.
CANAL REPORT
NEARS FINISH
Isthmian Commissioners
Are Preparing for Ses
sion of Congress.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ».-The Isthmian
Canal Commission will meet next Tues
day to add the finishing touches to its re
port. It can be stated on authority that
the commission has not reported, up to
this time, in favor either of the Nlcara
guan or of the Panama project. Conse
quently the question has not figured be
fore the Cabinet and the administration
has not expressed a preference for either
route.
It is expected that the commission will
not undertake to either accept or reject
the proposition of President Hutin. look-
Ing to the acquisition by this Government
of the Panama Canal Company's conces
sions. However, It will lay the proposi
tion before the President and Congress.
It can be stated, also, by authority that
In view of the well understood favor with
which Congress heretofore has regarded
the Nlcaraguan route the decision of the
Kxacutlve departments will be in favor
of that project.
EOOSEVELT FAVORS
IRRIGATION PROJECT
Director of Geological Surveys Says
Congress Will Take Up Arid
Lands Problem.
PASADENA. Nov. 9.— Dr. Charles D.
Walcott, director of geological surveys of
the United States, Is visiting Southern
California to inform himself more fully
of the needs of this section with a view
to legislation in the Interests of forestry
and Irrigation of arid lands. He says:
"Though both the President and Con
gress are favorably disposed the present
diffusion of responsibility with different
departments causes loss of action. The
two Interests should be united in a bureau
of forestry, which we hope soon to ac
complish. If the water that annually runs
to waste In the arid regions of the West
was stored and used for irrigation the
western half of the United States would
sustain a greater population than our
entire eastern country contains to-day
The Government should construct and
maintain reservoirs, as It does other pub
lic works."
Dr. Walcott nromlses that the Govern
ment will take hold of the movement next
year and great things may be expected.
PEPPER AND COAL OIL
RESTORE HIS FREEDOM
Walla Walla Prisoner Hakes Physi
cian Believe He Has Scar
let Fever.
WALLA WALLA, Nov. 9— Nonh Mc-
Kean, who was serving a three months'
sentence for burglary in the County Jail,
worked a clever ruse and effected his es
cape at an early hour this morning.
McKean appeared to be In great pain.
An examination showed his body broken
out in r rash. The jail physician de
clared the prisoner had scarlet fever. Mc-
Kean was rushed off to the hospital,
while the coumy officials put In the bal
ance of the day fumigating the prUon.
A guard w.i« placed over McKean in
the hospital. On account of the disease
the guard was not Instructed to keep
close watch and took a nap. McKean
arose at 3 o'clock, stole the guard's shoes,
wrapped himself in a blanket and es
caped.
This morning another prisoner was
found partly broken out with a rash. The
physician became suspicious, and the
prisoner confessed that McKean had
taken common pepper, saturated It with
coal oil and rubbed it Into his skin. The
rash soon follow ed.
Protectors of Game Will Meet.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— The State Fish and
Game Protective Association will meet In
second annual convention here next Wed
nesday and Thursday. About fifty dele
gates are expected, which Include .mem
bers of the State commission and promi
nent sportsmen from different parts or
California.
The sessions of the convention will be
held In the music rooms of the St. James
Hotel. Piipera relating to fluh. game and
forestry will be read and much proposed
legislation looking to a change In the
game laws will be considered. Among
the subjects of the different papers to be
read are: "The Quail and the Vineyard."
"Legal Aspects of the Game Laws,"
"Ethics of the Sportsman." "Relations of
the Game and Forests" and "Forestry."
Pilot Law Fight Resumed.
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. ».— The old
Puget Sound pilot law fight is again on
and to-day the Board of Pilot Commis
sioners caused the arrest of Captain Rob
ert Hall, charging him with piloting with
out having procured a license from the
board. Recently, under an old law. Gov
ernor Rogers appointed a Board, of Pilot
Commissioners, who are making an effort
to enforce the law. The various steamship
companies claim that the law is unconsti
tutional and that they have a right to
employ whom they please to pilot their
vosHels, and they will carry the case
through the courts, making a test on the
arrest of Captain Hall.
Jury Acquits McDonald.
PHOENIX, Axis., Nov. 9.— George Mc-
Donald, the watchman, who on Septem
ber 24 shot and killed E. D. Gardner, an
attache of Ringllng Bros.' circus, was to
day acquitted.
J DB. gmtßyS gWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOD GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove what SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney ail Bladder
Remedy, will do for YOU, all our Readers May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache In the back Is unmis-
takatle evidence of kidney trouble. It Is
nature's timely warning to show you that
the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded
more serious results are sure to follow:
Brlght's disease, which is the worst form
of kidney trouole, may steal upon you.
The mild and the extraordinary 'effect
of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon realised. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any, one— and you may have a
sample bottle fur the asking.
Lame back Is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble— one of many. Other symp-
toms showing r.'.at you need Swamp-Root
are. obliged to pass water often during
the day and to get up many times at
night, inability to hold your urine, smart-
ing or irritation in passing, brlckdust or
sediment in the- urine, catarrh of th;
bladder, uric add. constant headache, dlx
xiness. sleeplessness, nervousness. Irregu-
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating,
irrltHbility. worr out feeling, lack of am-
bition. locs of flesh, sallow complexion.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours forms a sediment or set-
tllng. or has a cloudy appearance. It la
Close Inspection of Immigrants.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Nov. 9.—
According to advices received here to-day
from Washington the United States quar
antine authorities intend making a close
inspection of all immigrants sailing from
European points for the United States,
and will send quarantine officers to the
various ports where Immigrants embark.
To-day Dr. Fox. assistant surgeon of the
Marine Hospital Service at this place, re
ceived orders to proceed to Liverpool,
Kngland, for the purpose of inspecting
immigrants sailing from that port for the
United States.
The largest wrought iron pillar Is at
Delhi. India. It is sixty feet high, and
weighs seventeen tons.
Are Yon
jKSI^ Bothered
H^hlw j With
W ,i // Neuralgia?
MS *!H^Bt""J*O. Vv You arc? * ¦
/^^ sjlfV Well, there is a mcdi-
J*[ ¦ Jf >s^_ ~ "^\ cine that will just set you
"•^Jl V N exactly right — stop
*%\ ~-J&i#*^l \ your neuralgia, drive out
( •ft fv r^4 > j^l the pain, give you quick
W AS relief and soon get you*
t^ >> system rid of the cans*
—it is a medicine that never falls, because It Is made just ex-
actly right to cure neuralgia and cure it quickly, _
That medicine is Ha lpruner's Wonderfu Pain RensoreM
medicine of remarkable merit, though harmless enough to fir*
For 25 years Dr. Halpruner has prescribed this wonderful
medicine for Neuralgia and Rheumatism and to all people who
suffer from inflammation, no matter in what part of the body it
• is, in every instance remarkable results -have been obtained-.
sufferers have received instant relief and were permanently cured.
Thousands of testimonials in Dr. Halpruner office will pwre.
every good word that can be said of this medicines
No matter what other people say about Halpruner*s—
gists may try to talk you out of it. scoffers may sneer at it, but
the fact remains that Halpruner Wonderful Pain RemoVer will
cure your neuralgia, will give you the relief you seek, v
All that is necessary is to inhale the vapor and rub a little of
the medicine on the painful part. It is also advisable to take a
' teaspoonful or two in a glass of milk or water— is all. and
• your neuralgia will soon disappear. .. <
"Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Remorer acted like magto •«
1 my toothache and neuralgia. It has also given m* Instant r«lMf
I in cases of sore throat, and I
'• ¦ • * A .'>.•-; -i 4i 4 7 "1322 Valencia, St.. S. F.. CaL"
/falpruner's
' All druggists sell Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine— tout demand
the genuine. 60c and SI a bottle. P*i.v v .- -
- -A TRIAL. TREATMENT FRKB.
; Dr. Halpruner devotes from 2 to 5 V o'clock «rwy aftenwea, «*•
cept Saturdays 1 and Sundays, in giving sufferers a trtaTtraatineot
free of charge. ¦ Dr. Halpruner knows that his medicine will cur» all
diseases, complaints and ailments arising from inflammation, ana b«
gives a trial treatment free to prove that his . medicine will do a*
he People wholllve owtalde or San Francisco -may writs the- eon*
People who live outside of San Francisco may wrtte the e«*»
ditlon of their case to. Dr. Halpruner and ho will give them an la»»
mediate reply. ; Halpruner Med. Mfg. Co., 38 California St. .
evidence that your kidneys and bladflst
need Immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford nat-
ural help to nature, for Swamp-Root L»
the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
the kidneys that is known to medical
science.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
I Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use it wlUi won-
derful success in both •light and severe
cases. Doctors recommend it to their pa-
tients and use It in their own families, be-
cause they recognize in Swamp- Root the
greatest and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there 1*
a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer tt Co.. Blnghamtoc.
: N. V., who will gladly send you free by
mail, immediately, without cost to yon, a
sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials.
Be sure to say that you read this gener-
ous offer in the San Pranclsco Sunday
Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need yorx can
purchase the regular aO-cent and tt six*
bottles at drugstores. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-
Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and tha
' address, Blnghamton, N. T.
Gorman May Be Senator.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 9.— Chairman Mur
phy Vander of the Democratic Stats Cen
tral Committee in an Interview to-day
said:
"Arthur Pue Gorman will be ths next
United States Senator from Maryland. Hs
will be the only candidate before the
Democratic caucus."
A close friend of Governor Smith said
to-day that he would not permit his bum
to be presented before ths caucus.
Glasgow Exhibition Closms).
GLASGOW, Nov. ».— The Glasgow ex
hibition came to a close to-night Tb«
total attendance was 11,498,822, and th* net
profit is $80,000.
Money makes the slot machine go.
2324
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. •: .¦. ¦ :¦; ¦- ;¦..¦¦• ¦¦ ¦¦•¦ :';.¦¦.- - : ¦ , - ..-. y';. - ; -',i'--
g w www www www www ww w w ww www www www www w w w w w www w w w w w w w w w wwk.
1 Enormous Sale of White Blankets
; ._ ; ti —. , ' ''"- " ¦ --¦> '¦ ¦ ¦ •'"-- * ¦ 2
fc= WHITE BLANKETS WHITE BLANKETS WHITE BLANKETS ¦ WHITE BLANKETS WHITE BLANKETS 3
I At $2,98 a Pair At $395 a Pair At $4.95 a Pair At 56,75 « $7.50 a Pair I
fc: Regular value $4.50. Regular value $6.00. • ' Regular value $7.50. Regular value $8.5* Regular value $10.50. ,3
To-morrow will begin what we declare to be the biggest Blanket Sale ever held In San Francisco.- We were successful beyond our keenest anticipation In closing out from the ""*
•h_ LARGEST CALIFORNIA WOOLEN MILLS, that was greatly overstocked. 3.100 PAIRS OF CHOICE. NEW AND HYGIENIC WHITE BLANKETS. With a cash argument we per- ,
JC: suaded the manufacturers to let us have this Immense stock, and so cheaply did we secure It that we are enabled to offe,r you the most phenomenal Blanket Bargains In our. history. "^
Bto _ Read the particulars— believe what you read— then come and see what preparations we. have made to make this sale a stunning success. . ; ; , ZZ
E 1 SKQ ft£ PA i R for 14 •*><> White Blankets, extra heavy. CQ QBE PAIR for $6.00 White Blankets, with very 81*7 BSf% PAIR for 110.60 white Blankets, 13-4 size, 12
fc. Q-tOO with pretty borders, full 10-4 sire. good value *J>Oec7O pretty borders, 11-4 sise, a great bargain; «(> • •OU with exquisite borders, extra heavy weight; 3
m- at $4.50. worth $6.00. worth $10.60. «< i
•^ $\4S\Z\ PAIR for 272 7 ' 50 Vrh l te L Blankets, full 11-4 . - ¦ % '<- (gel f\fk PAIR for $13.60 White Blankets of the finest 3
•f- <S>T^»«-rtF Fire, extra heavy and fluffy, with handsome «?« i^F- PAIR for $8.60 White Blaifltets. of a very H>«7*W wool, for the largest beds; with choice bor- _S
borders; worth 17.50. 3>O* CtW oft and fleecy wool; 12-4 size; worth $8.60. , dersj worth $13.50.
| A SPECIAL OFFERING IN COMFORTERS FOR THIS WEEK, 1
5^ _^ M L These Comforters are filled with the finest rv cotton and are covered with the choicest Sateen and Silkoline. They were Becured especially for this great Blanket Sale and "2
p^. will be sold at prices that make them wonderful bargains. ¦ ZS*
~ Shi lfl EACH-Full-slie Bed Comfort- gr* 7E% EACH-Extra heavy and very *T»Q Rfk Comforters for double &A OS EACH —C h » le » Eiderdown "Z
f»— V «rs, usually sell at $L6O. for "'•*« large Comforters; regular $2.60 tpiiUll beds, sateen covered, worth 5> 4 T|UO Comforters with fine down -2
<gZ this week at fl.lO value. Special at s «1.75 $3.60. This week at f2.80 filling and pretty Sateen covering; regular "2
Sfc~ . . ¦ < . value $5.50. This week 94.69 3
i COLORED DRESS GOODS REMNANTS MONDAY AT. HALF PRICE. I
p= Th« real Dress Goods cleaning of the season will occur to-morrow— bona-fide losses which we cheerfully take In order to dispose of every remnant accumulated during the past 3
&- six weeks. When we tell you we are going to sell $5.00. $1.60. $1.00 and 750 DRESS GOODS FOR EXACTLY HALF-PRICE you'll appreciate Its full bargain significance, and that's —
J^; Just what we are going to do, because every short length has to be forced out to-morrow regardless of former cost or value. -Wone but the most modish materials— most In de- "2
a»- masa— in lengths cf Ito € yards, suitable for entire dresses, for waists, for skirts— gathered together on special bargain counters, to be sold as follows: . «*
C= *^% K^-* \/ j-M Remnant Sale of the following weaves: THE M\ %/ _i Remnant Sale of the following weaves: mm mm \/ -g 3
' P n3*3C IU Cheviots Wool Novelties Matelasses C)lfC I Q Prunellas " Golf Skirtings /3C ¦ Q
fc. Serges Whipcords Etamines w v m <+m Venetians Granites -
23 Sir. T«e i»!s»«. Plaids Henriettas Homespuns Big. 11.00 tn< $1.35 v«lim. Broadcloths Wool Wai stings. H»g, 1160 is* nlaw, H3
| Wonderful Flannel GREAT g™ l »« "L NEW FALL Black Cheviot Sale I
q I 9I*UU SILKS*
*- ofllGS* ¦"> Inaugurate to-morrow a great sale of Black an.l MflfifltflV 7Qf* ¦ flfll. 132
a*- _- ..... . ... . , . .. Colored Silks at ONE DOLLAR PER YARD, which are. ITIUIIUOy M ZJ\s IHI \M» zZS
<»?„.— iSJilf,«r^^ % deoaxtment are something extras- without question the grandest silk bargains presented this ««„.,. «» w«. iib *¦ aa ."* '
m ? • JIl b* 0 *^ 5*5 * °»" r flannel sections were never better fall. All this season's most wanted weaves and BCARC- REGULAR VALUE $1.00 1.
Pr- ™™» ' *?$ . nowhere . eISB C ? n .v you get them for so little EST COLORINGS are included In this vast assortment. • .. ,
•-- money. Again for this week these remarkable values: Every piece possesses strength and richness of luster. They This Is truly a great money-saving Item that no one -4B
OI'TTXG FLAIfNELS— Latest styles in light and me- are just the good wearing: qualities for all dress purposes can equal. We made a lucky purchase of 15 pieces 60- :3
»- diam colors: make warm and comfortable pajamas and •» waists. Your choice of any of these. $1.00 yard. inch Black Cheviot, the regular $1.00 quality, which _^
fc: nightgowns 8 l-3e and ltfe yard Black Silks— AA CnlnraH «IIU«- you can buy here to-morrow at 79c yard. This cheviot Is
s= I^^^^ .^.."Sfe XI &ZK%L. ?S I Yard gSsi'fessi pr "' '"*" for Monday> and also TueBday> " " laBtB> M 3
NEW AISTINGS— The handsomest waist materials Satin Duchess V!#l Silk Porlins mf\ V«-J
»- imported, la pretty corded effects, ln all the leading col- Guaranteed x + r " l'eau de Sole In rich /Ml 0 Yard. ; -•
orings. Great x-alue at J3»c yard Taffeta shot effects f ¦HI U. 3
I SEPARATE SKIRT SALES EXTRAORDINARY. 1
SH rftx. t V**^ ?? d i, We nDC&t '.LTt*^ ad( "i " 1 emphasl* that you will find here one of the largest and very best selected stock of Ladles' Skirts of any store' In this
= 2? t^tfS&Sfjr&ZS? T^mrr^. h^en cr 8 0 rth 0 3M t^r^n^U'^ VOXS&SZ? 1 " Btyle "' ** P ° PUUr SS^^SSSR P ° PU * 3
£ $3.98 Each $5.00 Each $7.50 Each $10-00 Each %
T~ ™ d^o/^[rSi' r J^I2SSXf^! P^ i A vh ndBOn !r lot Ladles- WalUns I E3P The very latest model of Ladi,V ladles' Cunningly stylish-looking 3
fc n °th?Jrv^i-52^?i «t»h SS 3 vT d i, BM^'^ 1 « ha } k - 11 J-« ,5«5F r>re?B Sklrts - made of a h| » h « Tad " ress Skirts, of the finest Import- 3
s«^«- «fti?^ fl2,^i n Cheviot In blue and black, < , in the J m&\ ¦ English broadcloth and cheviot, ed all wool broadcloth. Venetian
fc SSr.^riS. « rh^rt «„ <££Cr. «J la M Sl #?Vi S? e H yOk M el l e t> flnlBhM •"#] be«uufully corded and trimmed «nd cheviot, trimmed with stitched
s^= ?J?^ w^ -^^i^v- ,5n with full flaring stitched flounce; /.T/ft' ?\ with ellk and Katln bands, with the Taffeta and satin straps In a very
¦^- «Bt' S^Si^t a5!*J«»^S fi ; * *"*' "* d^ .2? mI s>Y7 ? i\ newest graduated flounce; nothing French y effect. with handsome
S: $6eC. Special at f».»S each at fS.OO each %3 L%\\ like it at the . price possible any- graduated flounce; an Ideal gar-
sZZ /Hi'7/7>»* where under $10 50. Special at ment; grand value at $1S SO. Special -*m
ist= jMr^i tTJlOeach at 010.00 each
1 Silk Dress Skirts. $17.50 \l\ Swell Silk Dress «00 so !
I Special Value at * I/'-" YJL Skirts at %L's!%
£ S*n*tf looking f^-rt'tt of rellable^aring Taffeta, flni.hed Mtmm^ rl.c?on nn 8 M mor r tle f ' i r;g 'S'WSS 2SS-T-SS 3
•— la the very latert fashion, pretty fancy top. awl handsomely trimmed made of Peau de Sole and Taffeta In the choicest French v effecu; lace!
5= with Liberty fUk anfl satin niSes: splendid fitting skirts: well worth hemstitched and fucked^topl \3th flaffy and fulf |™du.ts flouS
$2 B0 each. On special sale here, beginning to-morrow, at fl7-5O each -* a==sS a«— very hlgh gMTmmtm . va , ue at^". gp^iJa B a ™::*»W2^> e^Sh
|.^ T r Umbrella Sale at Black Velvet Ladies 9 Under- Sheeting Offering I
i 7f\n^ $ 195 Each * Ribbons wear $1.00 Each. Monday. i
W*» i/ 200 sample Umbrellas closed out TOP MOnOclV. The best recommendayon that 01 1... ¦•¦ jap Iff I
»= •ttTjK for less than original cost. Made »»w..x***j. we am give theM roods is that » OMBSB • 17* YH —
SI /\ mfff \ by one of the best and largest Our Ribbon Department will of- 'hey arc made by the celebrated "vhootinj 111. >"¦•¦ II -3
' A \mu \ manufacturers In this country, and fer to-morrow an exceptional op- .Norfolk and New Brunswick Un- OHWHH^» II U I U 3
*T" I <U|T/ 1 -warranted to give good satisfac- portunity to buy Black Velvet d^rwe.nr Company, who have the - , * . " — <
Str I Mtli I li ° : have paragon frames, steel Ribbon, so much in demand now reputation for turning out only th> 1200 yards Bleached Sheeting go •-*
IZZ V iul / rods and are covered with the for dress trimming, much below most reliable underwear. These on special sale for Monday, which
VIA/ very be/t Gloria silk: In a choice regular prices. They arc all silk, are Swiss ribbed non-shrlnkable we offer for less than the present -•
IT! #*tr* variety of pretty handles In rose- linen back. vests. in long and short sleeves ; price the mill asks. A Rood and 3 i
•^ / I 1 wood. horn. Dresden, pearl. in the Vo 3V width «.-lnch •>.-.„ niece Pants finished with French bands, heavy, durable quality, fully 81
Z / I 1 newest styles. Umbrellas worth No 1«' width 5-Inch VfU. nllcl ankle len ,^ th : In gray and white. Inches wide, here to-morrow at =^
B / A \ $2.50 and CTS on sale at ££ > width 5-Inch. .'{Be piece Great value at the *** cM price of - 2
£= ' n\ Cl QSJ Park Satin back ribbons in all widths Cl AA F'sV^fi I*7 ** V-»«J .
Sr: "p" p $1.95 Each also at special prices far Monday $1.00 Each 17c Yard rZ\
only. -^
| Laces and Dress Petticoat Sale <L r } Biggest Variety Jfik
g Trimmings. Monday Each M^^ Flannel Waists. f^Wty 3
SI The best that money can command and ar- Another famous Petticoat offering Is" sched- Our styles are the most select of any In — * l\\ur} I>WJ rJ
tisUc ingenuity devise are here in unlimited nled here for to-morrow. Our New York buyer city. In these very desirable waists are pom /^l ;'-¦,• = "2
IT" variety. Robes made from finest of laces and made a grand purchase of 20 doten fine Petti- blned the qualities of style an* low price which ' /T^^fcxf^^w^: • m
p: nets with chiffon and Liberty silk ruffles; also coats for less than the cost of material. Made ' should prove a magnet to women who wish m l ' I mS3fv --^
ail-overs, galloons. Insertions and flounces— of fast black mercerized Italian cloth, with dress well and Inexpensively. For Monday im / V ' II -SS
S^ every style that Is fashionable. For Monday d<»*p graduated flounce and extra under flounce. exquisite, fine French Flannel Waists in In ",/ » ( ' 1 '"^
«»- If oleces Persian band trimming, a larce va- daintily trimmed with ruche top and bottom; the pretty colorings, beautifully trimmed with IB I I T^
j^- riety to choose from. Special at OR r oxiia length and width: worth $2 75 en.mi Persian Bands on front and sleeves- ITrand it IB i 1
Yard -6 Ot and $3. Monlay Each 94 tmg garments; special value at IB ' A I 7d|
E Great Special in Black countryorders receive prompt attention. it} M x I ||7/ / ) 3
g Soie. a hea\->- and very lustrous silk. Vw W^F^^ .^r j^t 20c SKIR T LINING MONDAY I2c Yd.
pirateedto give pood satisfaction; ~ 20C SKIRT LINING MONDAY I2C Yd.
fc: _„ % . « m^^ l««t. Monday, which crowded our lining depart- "™*
«•- /Mr Y^rn .S lsßßt_Ja^M^BV^^ m»nt; 32-lnrh Armure Brocade fikirt Lining TSk
jw /»c iara. n i 4tbm* ' . . . X'"" 1 Tiallty. In the leading coloring*; |(|A
1 ™ the We quality for Yard I -4C
SULTAN AGAIN PROMISES TO PAY ALL THE DEMANDS
AND CONFLICT BETWEEN FRANCE AND TURKEY ENDS
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. To-night
M. Bapst, Councilor of the French Em
bassy, received a satisfactory communi
cation from the Porte regarding the re
mainder of the French demands.
The conflict between France and Turkey
may, therefore, be reparde3 as ended.
PARIS. Nov. o— Admiral Calllard ha«
telegraphed particulars of the seizure of
the customs at the principal port of the
Island of Mltylene. He «ays that in con
t*-qu«*riee of the sympathetic welcome ex
tended to his Rcuadron ho landed only a
single company of marines, who were re
. /fas Fine Smyrna Rug, in a large ya-
Jffltiji r * e ty °f Patterns, $6x72 inches,
I iimfiillii^ We * urnish homes, flats, hotels
MmMk HHb anc * room i n o-houses complete. We
ItBTI& !v '»§¦ have a! 1 the iatest designs in fur-
I ;^Spf.J jrjK9|? ni fure, carpets, curtains and drap-
I \vW^ '&&$$ cries and will gladly give you an
• %vBIbS& Credit if you wish it, and free delivery within
'V^llu'lf* 150 miles of San Francisco.
chived with marked confidence by all the
Inhabitants.
Telegraphic • communication between
Constantinople asd Mitylene is now re
stored. The latest dispatch from M.
Bapst, Councilor of the French Legation
at Constantinople, notifies the French
Government that the Porto has handed
him th*- drafts on the customs covering
the entire Lorando claim and payable
monthly from February 1. 1501. to May 1,
1903.
The Foreign Minister. M. Delcasse, has
not yet -received the announcement that
the Sultan has signed the trade executing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
his engagements. So soon as It arrives
a cable dispatch will be sent to Admiral
( alllard. instructing him to leave the Isl
and of Mitylene.
REPUBLICAN LEADERS
CALL ON MARK HANNA
Senator Says There Was No Confer
ence and Talks of the
Memorial.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Senator Hanna
reached this city to-day. A number of
Republican leaders called on him at his
hotel, but the Senator said there was
nothing about his meeting with them that
partook of the nature of a conference.
Among those leaders were: Joseph H.
Manley of Maine. Henry c. Paine of Wis
consin, vice chairman of the Republican
National Committee: R. C. Kerens of Mis
souri. Senator Stephen B. Elklns of West
Virginia and Myron T. Ilcrlck of Cleve
land.
In an Interview which will appear in the
World to-morrow Senator Hanna is re
ported an saying in reference to the me
morial to President McKinley to be erect
ed at Canton:
We do not contemplate any great historic
memorial, aa do some of the promoters of the
memorial nchern« In Washington. We believe
that If there in to be a f?reat hlntorlc memorial
at Washington It should have be«n thought of
years ago to honor the memory of Lincoln
and other great men. Our plan Is to have a
slmplw nvmorlal that will show the affection of
the peoplo for President McKinley. We believe
that the people win respond to this sentiment.
The Senator refused to tell what wag
said at the private interview between
Prenldent Roosevelt and himself at Wash
ington, but he dilated on the high char
acter o0 Roosevelt and expressed the
greatest confidence in him.
Costly Blaze in Richmond.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. o.— Fire to-day
destroyed the four-etory brick structure
at Main and Seventh streets, occupied by
the Richmond Traction Company, the
Virßlnla Electrical Railway and Develop
ment Company and the Tower Blngfonl
Electric Supply Company. The loss 1m
$100,000.
A wise man never ffoe« back on his
friends— an long as he can use them to
advantage.
JURY'S VERDICT
CHARGES FRAUD
Cross-Complaint of the
W. B. Frue Estate Is
Sustained.
SALINAS, Nov. ».-In the suit of the
Commercial and Savings Bank of San
Jose vs. J. H. Suits, administrator of the
estate of W. B. Frue. wherein the latter
brought a cros^-complalnt against Mltcii
ell Phillips and Fred W. Moore, the Jury
to-night brought in a verdict in favor of
J. H. Snlts.
The Jury decides that Frue at the time
of the purchase of the Lagunitag ranch
from Phillips was, owing to his befud
dled condition from the constant use of
liquors, not in a fit state of mind to
transact business; that Mitchell Phillip
and Frank W. Moore by fraud and mis
representation Induced William B. Frue
to purchase the Lagunlta ranch; that
they conspired to induce Frue to pur
chase the ranch. The Jury placed the
value of the ranch as a whole at $12,366.
This is $13,634 less than the amount Frue
paid for the property.
An appcul probably wllL be taken.
President Ignores Recommendations.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— The President
ha* appointed George W. Burroughs Post
master at Fort Worth, Tex.; Anna Dur
ham at Clarksdale, Miss.; Floy Hinds at
Decatur, Ala., and Henry Harris at Union
Springs, Ala. In each case he dlsregard
ed. the recommendations of the State Re
publican organisation, because the organ
ization candidate was found not to meet
all the requirement*. There was a greater
number of papers in the Fort Worth ap
pointment than In any other postofflce
case on record.
Bun Over by a Street Oar.
DENVER, Nov. 9.— A. B. MoKlnley.
former State Senator, a well-known Dem
ocratic politician and one of the most
prominent lawyers of this city, was run
over by a street car this afternoon and
received Jnjurlea which will probably
cause hli death.
CAPTAIN TOBIN
ON NEW DUTY
Well - Known National
Guardsman Departs
for Oregon.
Elections and Appointments
Are Made in the Reg
iments.
Orders were Issued to have the First
Regiment participate ln the public recep
tion to General James F. Smltfa next
Wednesday at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
but Colonel O'Neil, learning of the death
of General Smith's brother at Cloverdale,
Issued an order countermanding that for
the parade.
About forty of the officers of this regi
ment had arranged to give General Smith
a banquet on the 20th lnst. ln commem
oration of the campaign of the California
First Regiment in the Philippines, but
this will also be postponed.
Captain William H. Tobin, whose resig
nation as captain and regimental adju
tant of the First Infantry was accepted
to allow him to accept a commission ln the
United Stales artillery, leaves to-day for
Fort Stevens, Oregon, to enter upon the
duties assigned him In the Thirty-fourth
Artillery.
First Lieutenant John J. West, battal
ion adjutant, has been detailed as acting;
regimental adjutant of the First Infan
try, vice Tobln, commissioned ln the reg
ular army.
The third State target practice of tha
First Infantry for the year Is scheduled
to take place at the Presidio range to
day.
Upon recommendation of the regimen
tal examining board of the First Infan
try, the following promotions are an
nounced:
To be corporals— Edward Knobner, Company
B, 86 per cent; Charles B. Creighton, Company
B, 96; Alexander Wagner, Company B, 96;
Stephen J. Kennedy, Company E. 88; James
Paulson. Company E. 85; Robert M. Stedman.
Company G, 97; Richelieu K. Whalen, Com
pany O, 80. Upon the recommendation uf the
commanding officer of Company F. Privates
I> Cheregbino and K. L. de Martini have been
appointed musicians.
Between the Ist of October and the 6th
of the current month sixteen men have
been discharged from the First Infantry
or. account of removal— five by a two
thirds vote of the company, two for the
good of the service and one on the ground
of exemption.
May Win Gold Bars.
There are twenty-seven men in the Sev
enth Infantry who, if they do as well at
tlu- December shoot as they did at the
September and October shoots, will carry
off State gold bars. To gain these bars
three of the twenty-seven men must make
75 each, five must make 74 each and nine
others must make more than they did at
the two previous shoots, while ten may
win with scores no better than at one or
both of the other shoots. The possibilities
are:
Captain T. B. Thomas. Company V. Pomona;
Quartermaster Bergeant W. 8. Btev«ns, Com
pany D, Pomona; Sergeant R. B. Mldgley,
Company D. Pomona, Sergeant P. Kelts. Com
pany M, Riverside; First Lieutenant S. M.
Bloom. Company M. Riverside; Quartermaster
Sergeant W. 8. Huddleson, Company M. River
side. First Lieutenant O. O. Lockwood. Com
pany A. Los Angeles; Corporal J. 8. Ellis,
Company L, Banta Ana; Private A. H. Ford,
Company B, San Diego. First Sergeant E. 8.
Logic, Company O. Redlands; Corporal C. W.
Lehr. Company O. Redlands. Corporal J. J.
Hollenbeck, Company B. San Diego; Private
J. J. Cheney. Company F, Los Angeles; Ser
jeant H. O. Hlgglns, Company M. Riverside;
Corporal A. Irvine, Company M. Riverside;
Private C. B. Rom, Company O, Redlanda:
Quartermaster Sergeant H. C. Miles. Company
A, Los Angeles; Private O. A. Cbarleton,
Company I\ Pomona; Corporal E. D. Lukeoa,
Company G, Redlands; Private A. J. Happ*.
Company <">. Redliinds; Private C. F. Pann
Company M, Riverside; Captain J. M. Smith.
Company B, San Diego: Corporal J. Lawson
Company O. Rrdlanda; Corporal E. A. Merwln
Company M. Riverside: Private H. A. Lauter
born. Company G, Redlands: Private F. F
Horton. Company M. Riverside: Private D.
Betliurum, Company G, Redlands.
Lieutenant George C. Thaxter. Inspector
of rifle practice for the Seventh Infantry
expects that he will .be able to take at
least ten men of the regiment tq the con
test to bo held ln Sacramento for the
State medal.
Officers Are Elected.
At an election held In San Rafael last
Friday, Major D. A. Smith presiding, Eu
gene W. Smith, second lieutenant, was
elected first lieutenant and Corporal Jo
seph K. Hawkins was elected second lieu
tenant of Company D of the Fifth In
fan try.
Second Lieutenant Mackres of Company
B of the Fifth Infantry, located at San
Jose, has tendered his resignation.
The following appointments In the Fifth
Infantry have been announced: Corporal
Eugene G. Bowman to be quartermaster
sergeant. Corporal Edward w. Beatty to
bo sergeant and Private Fred A. Haven
One Month's Medicine and Treatment Free,
EVERT PATIENT BEGINNING A COURSE OF TRKATMENT WITH DRS. SHORES * SHORES SAN FRAVCTSOfY* ._.,;_.- *-^
BPKCIAI.JSTS. DTTRINO THE REMAINING DATS OF NOVEMBER WIIX BE GIVEN ONE MONTH'S TiSaTMENT AV^li^rtt
CINES ABSOLUTELY FREE. Not one cent to pay for examination, consultation, treatment or medicine*. ThlToffei^to s-tvwi Tb^iw
I^NV^^TsEl^hTa^^ra^)^ "«. is » PHuSne^T^E l^
THIS OFFER IS NOT GIVEN AS A TEST OR TRIAL TREATMENT.
jf*mS&r^ auc " on - When Drs. Shores Ar>t opened their offices in San Francisco they 7 piS
-a - - I-P - ML * c"«rse 0 ' treatment absolutely free. "AS A TEST" of their skill and methods! and^andrtda
M V* tested the new treatment free. Now Dm. Shores & Shore. give one nVoot^T"tr\atme^^d
-s. B \ medicines free to prove their skill In curing "PERMANENTLY " " "* * treatment and
BWJ ' \ J D r*" S 1101 *"* prices and terms h»ve always been within th* easr reach at Ltuixs iim»*l "I'iil
ft j* is?] s?VKs3SK^^
W 43v> .£9R;.f beginning a course of treatment^at once medicines free to all
Jf ix>s S t^nVhVr\Q^^
i- M ¦-v • I JS'SSr EXAMINATION FIIEE ALL THIS WEEK for .ny dl^ase. Com.
EDWARD ROBERTS. 94S Folsom St., San JE.*' ~' "lUsn MTV * \ (PS 1
ill iSJaTi ni^* p a^* p c^BI Iki ''y^j*' j
"I 'am A carpenter BY occupation I I jfa «¦ j Ks&*-&k* /
AND AM WORKING FOR HORBTMEYER & I !l! l I I'll 99 I W^(l^\ "* - S
CO.. CORNER OF VAN NESS AVENUE AND «L I '! 1 im. ~B *" — - g^s^>^w =
McAllister street; WHERE i can be j|^ fca&J f| WT a V>^
SEEN ANY DAY. I have been a very sick jl ' I JtejiyCsH^ £a: 9 ¦^¦¦KQr^^?' (SCA F l^ssW-
man for the past twelve months: my trouble If t^^WTWi^M . .' sssslH^Bßßvio^V^v A-» ' jß*^^^Mbss*>
was LUNG DISEASE AND CATARRH. I have : I «T VCL ü ßi I " TvCotWR«WS>T^T--^^-^XuS^^^
had several HEMORRHAGES from tho » 9 1 V v' t?( K'X >VL*' W*'^^
LUNGS. MY HEAD WOULD ALSO STOP UP ' = '~» I: >-/: : : fei^B'-j;.^:;M :¦: \t^ '. .3 'A&v
and I had a great deal of trouble with my ' " il\ - If s*-*4Z*?S*\^ij~* ;
THROAT; It would get very sort. MY STOM- 11 M . ' * • area i wki k »t»ii»w™
ACH ALSO BECAME AFFECTED and when I A 9 - 1409% HarrSoJ TsVr^t ."aS *s2SStae* cat!
would eat any thin* I would BLOAT UP. I 9 ' . MsM "irrison street, ban STanclsco. v-«.
had NIGHT SWEATS and Buffered a great . SPECIALTIES ~ ACTUM A
deal from SORHNEBS In my fcUNGS and .SBKsssartefflßSHiiß! m , asthma
CHILLS. I became very weak and run down Trtubft^EyFan^EaT DtaSSsw'i* ronchEi «- ¦ XTI/%
and UNABLE TO WORK. _ , »nd Lun* Troubles. AsthmaTs~maeh LIV- MRS " NI ERENCE says: "I have been a
This was my condition when I applied to %* Kidney Diseases, Bladder Troubles. Female *"** ¦ ufr * rer from asthma and catarrh. My
Drs. Shores TEN WEEKS ago. I can say that Heart Dl«aaV*iX£^£ %v " men nd Children. *»thma. since February, has been so bad It ln-
DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT HELPED MB St! Vltus"^M)^lck^a^,V? rea v ( . or WJ*™* Wltn my ¦>••»• I would «•*• to SI
FROM THE FIRST WEEK. My APPETITE Ovarian^DlsiSmS, 'sciatica "and SSL?-"?. 11 ' 1 UP I>( BED TO BREATHE and I feared I
BEG AN TO IMPROVE AND I WOULD DI- DlseZies of the Bowels . FlilSsfSd JS2' WOUld SMOTHER. I wpuld also COCOH ALL
MY CATARRH IS MUCH BETTER. I sleSp nlaVetc * ever - "y«erm Epilepsy. Inaom- *cry weak and run down because of tfe« lon of
MY CATARRH IS MUCH BETTER.^I sleep nliuetcV - * Epilepsy. Insom- %cry weak and run down because of the loss of
• good all night now. and I feel better In every '• -umlim '¦itAi.'.....^— —«_ r *" t> Tnla Wlla my condition when I cam* to
way. and I HEARTILY < RECOMMEND DRi£ *' : TB3SE MONTH BY MAIL. Dr*. Shores A Shores TEN WEEKS AGO I
DKRS^R^MB— B ? HAV ? DONB WON - B SS, IT |J I ! I ,T O , U ,S ANNOT CALL FOR DRg : ca « »* »«. Shorts' treatment HELPED MB
*KKsar sjgsßtas mmwmmg*
aRS^HORES;&;SHORESjipeciaii^ pSSISa'P^S'
19 HISTORY BUILDING. 723 MARKET ST. »< "'?-. ... ¦ JS^SSSvS*** 12 *
Ortc. Hour-W-« D.ys, •».m.to« p. ». Sv.nlnt* «to t Bu«U^ 10 ETta^a •«££ I lB Sff HrrUoo E^jgßgNk.
LAUNCHES NEW
WATER PROJECT
R. G. Hanford Interests
Eastern Syndicates
in Another Deal.-
Company Proposes to Supply
Cities and Furnish
Power.
R. G. Hanford. the mining operator of
this city, whose recent heavy transac
tions in the purchasing of local railroad
Interests for Eastern syndicates have
made him a prominent figure in
the financial world, has about com
pleted another project which, while
not as gigantic aa the last deal,
will bring to the promoter and his finan
cial associates a goodly income on their
Investments.
The plan is to develop a water supply
tor the lower bay counties and to pro
duce a certain amount of power which
will be delivered to San Francisco pat
rons.
A few months ago, and Just before
making his trip to the East to promote
the deal which resulted in the 126,000,000
transfer of the Market-street system, Mr.
Hanford acquired the drainage acreage of
some fifty square miles in Santa Clara
County.
The surrounding conditions appealed
to the experienced eye of the promoter,
and he was not long In devising a way to
put the tremendous waste to a paying ad
vantage. The property in question is sit
uated to the east and south of Mount
Hamilton and overlooks the fertile and
populous valley of Santa Clara. The site
commended Itself at once as one that
could be advantageously used for a supply
station for the surrounding towns, and
to bring the supply to the cities and set
tlements of the valley seemed to be a
comparatively inexpensive venture.
Power Can be Developed.
After a thorough study of the existing
conditions, Mr. Hanford concluded that
by transporting the water by flume some
twenty-five miles into the Santa Clara !
Valley an amount of water more than i
sufficient for the wants of the contiguous
country could be supplied and at a com
paratively small outlay.
Along tue flume route a fall of 1200 feet
can be arranged for, an advantage that
will greatly Increase the productive value
of the project.
On the route as laid out the greatest fall
will be at a point at the head of Cala
veras Valley, and at that place a plant
for the transmission of power will be
erected. The force to be generated here,
Mr. Hanford estimates, can be safely cal
culated at at least 3000 horsepower. A
small amount, the projector declares but
sufficient to bring in a revenue that will
pay a handsome interest on the money
Invested.
Long before plans for the project had
been fully completed Mr. Hanford ar
ranged to deliver to firms of this city
the entire amount of power supply and
has contracts to that effect.
With the power supply disposed of and
a profit already assured the water on
hand can be sold at a rate that can al
most defy competition.
The most conservative estimates of the
supply to be Impounded places the amount
at from 16.000.000 to 16.000.000 gallons flow
dally throughout the year.
Prospects for the sale of the water are
good in and about San Jose as soon as I
the project is an actual reality. The pres
ent water supply of San Jose Is not all I
that the people of that city desire. White
there Is no complaint aa to the quality
to be corporal of Company B, Private J
S. Rlley to be corporal of Company G.
Eighteen enlisted men have been dis
charged from the Fifth Infantry on ac
count of removal— eleven for the good of i
the service, three by a two-thirds vote I
of the company and two at expiration of
term of service.
The second lecture before the First Ar
tillery Battalion delivered last week by
James W. Erwin. president of the Cali
fornia Camera Club, was on "Snapshots
in Japan China and the Philippines." It
waa an Interesting description of scenes
ln the countries named, illustrated with
many views. During the Intermission
Miss Lillian M. Quinn recited "Santiago"
In the cowboy dialect, it being a descrip
tion by one of Teddy's Rough Riders of
the fight at Ban Juan and the surrender
of Santiago.
The batteries of the First Artillery will
report for skirmish at the Presidio rifle
rang* on the l?th lnst.
The following promotions are an
nounced: Battery A— Corporals Gustav
Gambella. William H. Homer Jr. and
Kenneth A. Millken to be sergeants, and
Privates Charles J. O'Connor, David G.
Schloss and Henry C. Schwlnn to be cor
porals.
Eight men have been discharged from
the artillery battalion on account of re
moval, five for the good of the service and
one by a two-thirds vote.
A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT.
ONLY A PENNY
< To Get WelL .
I ask only a postal, statins; which book
you wish. No money Is wanted.
I want you to know how nerve power
alone operates each bodily function. If
some organ Is weak and fails in its duty
I want to tell you bow more nerve power
will correct it. I want yen to know, as I
do, that a permanent cure can come in no
other way. I have spent my lifetime on
this problem.
I will send with the book an order on
your nearest druggist for six bottles Dr.
Shoot's Restorative. Every drugglsr
keeps" It. I will ask you to accept the
Restorative and test It for a month. If It
cures, pay 15.50; if it falls it is free. I
will pay your druggist myself for it
This offer in five years has been ac-
cepted by 550,000 people. Practically all
of them had difficult troubles, long en-
dured. Most of them were discouraged.
Yet 39 out of 40 who received those six
bottles paid for them. They paid because
they were cured, for otherwise no drug-
gist asks a penny for it.
I cannot better prove my own faith in
this remedy. No physician can do more
than pay for your treatment if It falls.
No other does so much. Won't you write
a postal to learn if I can help you?
Simply state Bock No. lon Dyspepsia,/ i
which book you Book No. 2on the Heart. I i
want «n^T^lHre«» Book No. 3 on the Kidneys^
want, and address Book No 4 for Womea /?
Dr. Snoop, Box 630, Book No. 5 for Men. (sealed)
Racine. • U*i«. # Book No. •on Rheumatism.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
by one or two pottles. At all durgglsts'.
ln summer the inhabitants are forced to
restrict themselves ln the use of the lite
sustaining liquid, owing to the shortness
of the supply. These conditions make it
easy for a new concern to bid success
fully to supply that city.
f2,500,000 Beady to be Expended.
While ln the East promulgating the sale
of the Market-street Cable Railroad Mr.
Hanford found time to submit his project
jto the men of money ln that section.
: Messrs. W. A. Otis & Co. of Colorado and
I Ohio considered the plan and after a care
i fill study at once decided to form a com
: pany.
Investors were easily obtained through
! this firm, as the members are well known
in the financial world as experts in water
supply projects. Before Mr. Hanford left
the ESast be was informed by his repre
sentatives that they had secured backing
to the extent of $3,500,000 for his enter
prise and that work could be commenced
at once after Mr. Hanford' a return to this
city.
A day or two ago Mr. Hanford put a
force of surveyors to work and as soon
as a report from them is forthcoming the
project will be begun in real earnest.
The company has decided to place itself
in communication with the City Council
of Oakland with a view toward obtairlng
the contract to supply that city. The
new concern feels that it can deliver
water to Oakland at a fair profit at a
rate at least 33 1-3 per cent cheaper than
any of iv competitors.
If the contract can be secured the com
pany proposes to lay pipes from the near
est point from its storage reservoir to the
outside city limits. This will necessarily
entail further cost, but the new company
declares itself ready to respond with a
further outlay of money to further the
scheme.
The plans of the new organization pro
vide for the erection. Immediately after
the survey has been completed, of a large
dam 125 feet in height and the building
of a reservoir that will have a circum
ference of eleven miles.
Survey to be Finished by March.
The survey, ir is estimated, will have
reached its completion by March 1 next,
and then gangs of men will be put to
work as fast as their labor can be used
advantgeously.
The company to a man has declared in
favor of pushing tne work to completion
as rapidly as possible, and it is expected
that by July 1, 1903, the project will have
been finished.
R. G. Hanford, through whose skillfui
manipulations the enterprise has been
brought to its present successful status,
has made a name for himself in the finan
cial world by his recent successful deals.
Only a few months ago he went East and
found purchasers for the San Mateo ro.-><|
of this city and concluded the transaction
satisfactorily tr all parties Interested.
Through his efforts a syndicate of Balti
more capitalist j was formed and the deal
promulgated i.i short order. Following
this transaction the transfer of the SutteV
street and Sutro lines was effecte-1
through Mr. Hanford, the same company
belnjr the purchaser.
The last successful deal to be carried
out through the clever engineering of the
skillful operator, and one that stands as
a record breaker in the way of large
money transactions, was the purchase for
$26,000,000 In actual cash of the great Mar
ket-street Railway Company of thto city.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Th« followins;
Calif ornlans are In New York: Prom San
Franctsco— L» Ehrmann, D. Morton and
wife. N. Silverbers. at the Imperial; Mr*.
H. Curtate, at the Manhattan. From Los
Angeles— R. L. Oak. at the Broadway
Central; G. W. Thompson, at th« St.
Denis.
Some seventy different varieties of
olives are now grown ln California. There
is no specific variety known as the
"queen" olive, but any large variety may
be thus designated.THE ZMPORIUIt. I THB EMPOBIXTM. * | THE EMPOBIUM. THE EMPOBIUM. — ' ¦ THB BMPOBIUM. ¦ | THE ZMPOBTOIL | • *&& BMPOBITJBL
-^ — ¦ ¦ ' ... — ¦ . ..... ...'.. ... ¦ ~ - . . , , , - ...... ''...' — \
I 25c, 35c, SOa Veiling 12c. Displays. TUE EIIDAAIIIII * ~JSS&SS™& « -,« , w \\ L cc Curtain Sate. , w I
»> Here is a bargain that shows the trend of price, in this The Emporium's Annual Holiday Displays ¦ WM F ¦ Ifl l^ultf 111 MM 'WIMPORm^VrnNOMTW Less than half va us to-morrow for nearly 1 000 half paffs *
I store to-morrow: 50,000 yard, of all-silk Tuxedo -d DC. Show b.gin a-* from Monday. ¦ ¦IL ¦« ¦ T ""^ ,"tt| II H e°aS«S^V^^ /J^ ° f Nottingham and Cable Net Lace Curuins. In *
X V-r »,ii 0. V j a- a- c For weeks the carpenters and electrician, have ¦¦¦^ C2Llifori\J^6 L^r<?Cst~ ¦¥¦ OUR HOLT DAY BOOKLET -Ms., many instances there arc two or three alike. Colors are £
V Veiling tull ,8 inches wide different varictie, of W** *« beautiful Miniature SwU, ¦P^ Anvrpic^S Or^lVdclt StO PC S' OTJ?-.« fnd %Sad "«' vvh te ard ecru, all 3^ yards long and from 50 to 60 *
S Mesh, plain or with silk chenille spots; beautiful, de- vilUge F and-lbut m arc betraying secrets. -~ # AnVCriCScS Ura.l\aCSl OlOrC. "^ &HOOTDAY^' "ROOK BULLE- inches wire, ret a poor pattern in the lot— price* *
I h^^ s l^isZt^XX 12C 825 to 855 Market St., San Francisco 25c, sOc, 75c, SLOP. |
£ . . _ — ' ¦ — ; : — • — ¦ 1 — _j_2 , — ,a / _ — , — ___ ¦ ¦« '
* There's No Place* Like ' ; The Emporium advertisements are contracts between this store and the public. A i Emh oidery Goods— Cushion Tops %
I tIT. T mm *-*«w^— ««^ £. . They consist of carefully stated facts— the truth plainly spoken. Two facts that we . UntMav iuw»f##.»« &
I ThiS tO Buy Shoes. WM& constantly try to impress on the minds of our public are: That better qualities than . * n * Mo "^ ay * ovsmG8 ' %
j: You can buy shoes at these prices in every store in /IWR we sell are not Obtainable at the prices, and that a little money goes a long way here. H-msurtfud Ln = n » stamped and p am: dteSCZ3^i» "J
v town, but rot the kind and grade we offer. ' (iDS \ Every item quoted is reliable — every promise made is carried out, . i c 120 tic 200 ffltM%mMS^ %
V For Monday only, these $1.25 Felt Juliets for women, \ — : : ¦ " ' ' dfwTmFmY^WMtP •
X fur trimmed and felt lined, hand-turned soles either XV Popular BOOkS. £9/1 Ovei*COat3£ YoMnUS and TOSC « B ]L lB *°* zo £ xl * *?"? £
J red or back, a most comfortable house g~ Deeply Cut PHCOS. TT Z*ZT** Net * ** ' 3 °° 35 ° *° *° I
g lipper_per pair ***** GraustarK-B, G. B. McCutcheon. MBrkOtl $13.*JL We wil! sell to-morrow only at just $ ££\ /To B°Lo 9o I
r^ /tS. W) * WH PUb:JShCd * $1.50, [Mond2V^ V They are part of the big clothing halt ** rc^vlar prt« a- few pieces of Patterns '° r lace work; each, 5 c to 3 " 5 c: y^^MWN ?
£ \tfi l\^s^ HS?I ISP ' 980 BUTchase that S handsome all-over Yokings and some Handkerchiefs, Collars, Reveres, Boleros, Squares, /UW!SSf&>\^ *
V *\a l\\ jfff^* W?\ I? LazaiTe Mary Hart Well Cather- F . , V^N evcn : ng shades of tOSCa nets, beautiful Scarft, Tie End«, Baby Caps, Door Panels, in feet every '^ffl?\r M *^'V^p^j 5
V '^ k/lW^O^^ m \ £ A wood. Published at^i.so, Mon- At oSbH materials for evening dresses, waists, kind of a pattern. - "^ — %
J N. % -^^^^ 8 A & / djyonlv 980 5 v T " 'S^ sleeves, yokes, etc. A bargain chance Th Ho id »v Oushrn Go Everything that .is new «d taking; die mad J
J. %. flk \ \ 3/ / I aSi f fu v <!• t> \/t • c c r Rosenberg « : FIT l • ' or » l- 1 r cushion tops in the lead; novel burnt leather effects, silhouettes, flags of all nations, elk head*, «
* Nv\^ M^k\ y^^kj Told by Two— By Mane St. Fell X.. Co R oc hes- K7 , • that is seldom offered m this class of 1 posters, etc. A mogt attractive line at 50c each, complete witb^^^the^acks^ consisting in part of *
V V^^ /C^' f*^ V^k. J^^ Published at 50c, Monday 0n1v ... t __'. Me v Jkrtk goods. a Mother Hubbard Series, Silhouettes on red sateen, Coming Thro' the Rye, Daisies Everywhere, M
J. N^^A^^iW. .tBBB*^ /&^^.^^ ' • 350 V.' Ka« t / x^^^s^^***^\ ' An Amusing Story, Baskets of Violets, Hollyberries, etc. • ¦*
J! JtL^^^B^Bv &2*^ *** m ••¦••• *. Pub. Price Our Price J*'*L t dol . ''^ W^ \i/ (\ MoiWV-Savlng Items ' Bssi WOVI Yarns that money can buy: 5
% f ,,,T^™ ~ pub. wee our wee eje oi the dol- / 7 f\ Monoy-Savlng Hems Bssi Won i Yarns money czn buy: %
*. Ladles* Ma Kid Lace Ladies' Oxford Ties Ladles' Vid Kid Ladies' Vici Kid Rui;n< Passion —By Van . wnwuiswi j I \ #-» Un o *§,****—*% a* New shaded Shetland 1011 for shawls; skein .. . . . tOO %
g Shoo—Best quality, kid _ Best j^ V ki Lace Shoe., with Uce Shoes — New Dyke $1.50 $1.20 ***• A I A Or nOUSBKOBP&rSm Genuine Imported Cattor wool for slippers and Afghan., 3 for 800 5*
|or doth top., patent leath- Rid, hand-sewed ex- Lo^ X V heels >* — -»^- **¦" From Glengarry— By The assortment 4 VI To-morow you can buy your bedding supplies SHoOCr Sole** men, ladies, misses and children; pair b 6ii -^ o §
er or kid Op, hand-sewed tens ion so!« the com- ' modera tOe » P** ol author of Sky PUot and of Overcoats in- <g §. ] here from the largest stock on the coast at posi- O"*""" 1 a ««, '^T 250.300 %
% extension sole* or hand- foible Cuban heels ot "^ c toe ' atenl leather ri P*» welted Black Rock $1.50 1,29 dude the two 7 J 7, / rive money-saving prices. As examples we PP * 9 ;j, "f" ft f 9 ii I:^l.' ••""•"'''•"'' •••'-'# T- " * Jt
V turned soles, military or the latest get up in a l«ther tips, hand- extension soles, mili- Making of a Marchioness— pleasing styles -1 i, A/ quote: Dra.as or ai Kinas. . -_/ ja;
J. Cuban heels. Above m. nTi fh de for sewed extens on sole, tanr heels fine oval By Frances Hodgson Bur- which fit closely l /£ / W Shtets-Good round thread, bleached, for Such as Arabun B,ttenberg Due hose, , Hon.ton etc. _ > •
J. showoneo/ the a 5 styles women SluaU^i ' »ry heels, fine qual- ' ««t 6 ... 1.10 at neck , nd \gT^ I X) .ingle bed. (width 54 inches), ' Lace Button, and Rings. bra.ds, nng, and button come m black, cream and white. X
I "thisline 5• n l'~ - n £%£•„ '^^^ .^ Circumstance - Weir Mit- f'™i ahouldm, and faU V each .. }. ..7...'.' 34>G Bag ana PurSO Fi- ma S -The m«t complete line « town each . _'- $
$ 53.50 52.50 $3.5 0 $2.50 chell |i. S o 1.20 •» '?'. loo<e A \ Sheet^Tbe same reliable quality for double •••-¦¦•¦¦•¦; ¦' ' / 28 ° *° *** I>O |
it* mmm ="= =T" ; "oust of de Mal!ly-By graceful lme. ¦fiN beds; fully bleached; (width 81 _-, ' — ¦ ~~ " : "- J
g Silks and Dress Goods gg^SSLfS :g SS\ / ' W^mSM^ Firsi Exhibit and Sale |
I This City's Best Values, «St SSS ¥ J ip^Bl tec ¦of the Christmas Dolls. I
5 A Special Bargain of unusual merit for Monday «rs^^ -.ii"- "• *« .««•_ •« " Mirf Bed spreads— The high grade wide j c Dressed Dolls AOc, tomorrow od 7 to I
J j £ nffprincr nf ihnilt V.rHc i9T *i.il MIH. of God-By Elinor Black Th.bet. UCTpJ width one.; marked to sell, in.tead QJf JttL introduce you to tHe largest aaembJage of doll, ever brought together J
», IS aj Onering OT aDOUt 2000 yardS Of 27-inCh Macartney Lane. .... $1.50 f.#O and Cheviot. In. MUA of the price at $1.25, each, if Of? Sf- J& ' on the Pacific Coast. These prettily dressed dolU wiU please any child. 3
% \ COlOred SWISS TSlfTeta a Silk that makeS the R « lfl "— to Amateur « fonl tPlt fen V>-^^^" Jl^^a. • They measure 14 inches long, have full jointed Papier Mache body, «
I best of linings, underskirts, rufflings, trimmings and shirt CracWn by Horoing - ' |! - s ° '' 20 &£<£% $4.50 Picture $2.83 . at^?,s?t &7oi£ ?^2 «?j?nl $
v waists— an assortment of such desirable colorings as f ,, n . _. ™a ** Baed throughout; bi « ilei 1 e at $*o.o<», -~— a special m the nfc f-ynryS-' "' have or stockings. To-morrow only, «<* . . *
fc Cardinal, gObelin, tUraUOise Dink lib-ht anH Hark OTq\'<= WlienaarS ana ««r .ate pnee .. . . €19 05 J^Seß^V second floor art ij 'iV(\ Jointed Doll:— The latest models and very handsome, bisque head, of I
i bro^/aeam/royal^cer^r^rtn^aveX Christmas C»nb Are Ready. */^* J^% S^= H"r\\ ' K^SSS^^ I
v magenta, etc. These silks have always been mt+aT%^ ~" $15.00, now on «.. 9 & •%»» Iff^ffsk bi\ nocbc " celled Bttm AW 9^-'«~h..e#o nM-inch.-Sf-io i 9^h..si m ;
* sold at 5,.00 and 5..10 per vard; Tomorrow *>9c Toilet Articles Men's Suits, cut In the latest style, made of the IVl^/jJ and probably fil I 1,» > ,/ ; nf i, •>« nn TB-inch «f <TO 21-iach £2 IB ?
I sold at $1.00 and $1.10 per yard; to-morrow *>W Toilet Articles »*** Womed,, Rough ch^a , nd c-t lll^vA^^SJl W J £be llßSl'i 1 wi, /2 *s'*°s3%o' *!;j!°chi£o6 5
XA* CZn* x.*i We show t<wno-ow A 4 =T t l• r Q Understood mera, ta colon and in plain blue and black, Wk^Vw/^/x^W — a 8a B a n SHfejPt&er Paphr Mache Dollf— Ben quafity; woodea limta and araa, ball and {»
J /If SUCyCI. "[^l s^°V 0W 75C yd. Two T«y choice we. tf> UnUCrpriOea wor t hup^ tt ,, 5 . 00 , on <fn for BOrne time - M^l fW «Xk rt joints, fine b»,ae head., sleeping eye, mohair wig «1 in J
% ,^,, n--« r". w -I^, -r-fl- r^ , of SJks; 19 xnch VI olette Blanc Toilet Water- special sale at &MU.7& We shall sell U\f ringlets fancy chemise— «
t S£ SSS, R *iW M»''S^-™W«"«^1" 'HHHI .beautiful fr;JL^ ««sach • 5^.25 . $3.60 *«nd» . W.JS >«
£ A t 75C Vdm W '«*"l* «* • «*«»«[_„ w , ««.,  F itS^' marked ValUnd, Boys' Suits and Overcoats, for youths is to 20 Horses," handsomely framed in a 3, % -inch p.pler Mache Dolls— Sam. ouaUtv as above; Fine Quality Papier Mache DOIII— With 5
» -* large assortment or Hi OOC Vffi c . orler me £m ' 'i\jui_iii_ ¦ Fjns - The T are yean, 20 fashionable ityles to (elect from, ex- wide circle ebony frame, with a zo-inch ,„.... . . . \ . A A bisque head sleeping eves, short baby wig, lon* 5
\ 58 zr.d 44 «eh Dress Good.. Poplin., _. .__ •* ponum gmranteed IgSfiS/ICSSjfN 6-ounce bottle,, cellent f- ;o value.} marked '_ opening. The frame is artistically orna- full jointed; have long human h»r w.gs dre.ed bi^flea*^ieepiag ''"' ™ n oaoy wig, long .
k Grar.': . Sadn Foulards, Cheviots, Screes, fact Taffeta, a rerjr bnllunt nnah, a perfect fßki BSZZi*' 3 with patent flao for this ule $4.85 mented with a hand-laid bead ornament and in childish curls; an extra handsome chemise. _ _7 fa _„ o , -.bch ti.BO 5
t Henries at,o,.andßar«e. wSSTIo't^ '"" " """• I STand'LS three gold burnished line., fitted with good „,„,„... $ I mO O ****.. *3JBO , V-i~i •¦ '• 7 5% »o>,-i~i. '. |£?5 «
tAt 91.00 t ™ Atsl.OOyd.*z??°™> k^Ky =SS«J£ Leader Goods IZtt££?.Z?£!£ «**>* -**>'* **»*• » -° 0 »***~si*o . |
: Speo/a/toa^aWrt^iwfor^dayj^yaras - -'" S^^ Reduced Price.. |
t oj a regular $1.7,: quality of C 2 inch Camel's Hair me- "ti^tV^ZKr^ ?£*& Wms\ «-b«'^^^^S tiaft^aSfcTS w f XS^i^S 11 fa *" *- 1
t dlUm Weight Skirting, made Of high grade WOOI, X hand- P^" Th * «-^cturer wa. changing the ~ r^ewis>) ; F^^^ 66^ \ XA.?^^^^^ * #^g SekctJon.," and many other new and up^o- ~- A«* *"**> 5t. 25 I
I some mixtures with plain colSred backs. fr 7n TJlggV/'.l^lJ I l^^^^^^^^'.^gg £^^-^^."1^ ATHmk MM 1
j: While quantity lasts, per yard....'. O#€r SOC . v,, Mo »d.y, box of 3 «ke, 2to *£%rss ¦' ,T* f IOC g- te J^^'fS? — Ji TrunK Bale. *
£ --¦«?» "¦"* Sl^r-X^.- S&«:S 'SSS?^!^ ' «*»«* f -JsSB I
£ JBAvSST -" V* , French Sna CotJn ' ,-o ,J. b.»T» LEcl.linte Flil Powdir— Mad. b. 80,,,." ' d ' "" '"""' •• •, • 'f° S.hepp. hr,;,, Puddrng-Package ¦¦ ¦ tOn A perfect "jr: .id. tan-. SM.U-JLU»tJI *
¦ k - X the other fine ' Feather Stitch Braid., piece /0O ** * ' '°° H J£»»sj Seal, chamois Fard Dat'S-Neu- and choice, Ib .. . 120 Shi iftV b:r; tic rib- for Monday. ¦^gsg^B^ ]«
k Ftir Pretty Scrip Initials, all letters, 3 dozen SO tMMMm'4 C* , 1 11/'l^H'iS llned 001 " ' Golden — Very fine, 3 lbs .. . 2SO Ijf'- . *Jl bed or -cor- selling: WSSJSMSSSm^ %
J -ati. too. Th-^ « S<. -herring to most Taylor's W»itt and Skirt Supporten, set.. 250 WWhlttiey BSDy fc??**9isr«lV PP 4 '*"" 1 lock Condensed Mince Mtat— Libbey's or None r" if f\ _^^ ruetted back <-• v  t . vf j _ 4 .- I
I r-r-ej the col- _, mj, L'Aigloo Wsist Lenphenen, each. . . piece." CarHageSS 6.s O. WH^m~* ' hook MO Such, 3 M**h WhlskoV - WilIU- ' of "h• C h ij-'ach regularly J4J 4 . 50, Monday ..££ 5 M
I , are red. cas- Arf££B OoF. ,^i Angora Braid, ',11 colon, piece .. CarMagOS—SG.SO. WHRffifflL-M St '°° SOW Math Whl*k«V - " of whiC h »| « J4.00 - f » J
V .-. gray, black, f*-^_jf^^^PT B ° —^ The one like picture |FSl^^*V\P^ Ladies' Wrist Anderson Co., 1 89 1, pure, straight good*— prevents the 3° v #| 14-5^ • • W.W J
£ cavr and pearl, j^aiS^Saffl Barbour 1 * 200-yard Linen Thread, spool .. 7© (^l^«V upholstered in Turk- *&%&£/ V Pa?— Genuine Gallons— Regularly 54. 00, Monday. $3.10 skirt from getting wet in rainy ;l „  *5-°° „ *' ' *J."Z.b "5
k ~rllar> 51.-;;5 1.-;; y^^SMSjS^^^ ! Maward'. Sewing Needles, paper ... . 3o I J2SI iih cloth in pretty "'^jLrl-vi/ Seal, heavy Bottles— Regularly $1.00,1 .00, Monday .. 7SO weather They do not break in the It .< •< «l' 5 ° «« * * €i" iK 2
* Moadav a^i/^^S^*^ Coat,' Darning Cotton, 3 ball, 5o > JwiSSE> designs; the hood JH"^ nickrl frame Hoi:« dl Oeniva Gin-Large black bottles, weather. 1 hey do not orcac in tnc j6  |6.00 . . $4.90 J
i Tuesday, ' \^-Z^~^ Cube Pins, large 100 count, each .... Bo i&dMSm/ double lined and 2t^ilS»Al ' »nd chain han- holds more than a quart, Monday .. BSO heel IS an ordinary rubber does, and O^^^i^g C # A _* «
* CJ 2*5 Linen Mesh Dress Shields, pair .. . . 250 j^^^^SHifpmLJ padded and furniihed ' l£ v.7 ¦ \ dle ' $1.23 Duf/ Gordon bh r.y— lmported from Port St. ret in their shape until entirely worn Wf#eFl?#«wf wfl/0 OF *
fc fr^*^ Whalebone Casings, 9 yards, silk stitched, piece, /^SIBWj^^^N with patent dust J^^X^rJ GrntJ* Letter Marys, Spain, very old, regularly $4.00 gal- oir . The best rubber made for D I*oB3 LlnlttttS '
t SiX TumblerS 23C. B^' Le.therKnee Protectors, pair :£% W^^W^ !£¦' H**"& -ASO^ ' STwfS cjjn" C^dy-Muller Freres t£& comfort .nd ? do«baity. Thi, year E^ Poa^ to Lm » *
* Kizixrr.t, SerriceaKe Venetian-ribbed Pattern Tade'i Dress Shields, 34 to 59 inch, pair BSO \ ¦ ' J Ksjy toot brake, only /!»^l^^k linfd> hand " French Old Pale Cognac, 5140 bottles the big Store S prices are considerably effect, 36 Inches wide; speckl —^^. •
k Wj»r Tumblers —In emerald gTeen or erys- Spool Holder and Pin Cushion, each . 230 V_^ #c ' ' Rin F<^d!£3ESisSslF somely finished Monday . 930 lcwsr than they were last winter. Monday; the yard mm^O C
*¦ •x.. that wCJ be a bargain at 80c a dozen, will Nickeled Safety Pins, 3 sizes, dozen ... 3o . 9*9. &%0 . $2 5 Sco'chWhl.kf —Gam Kirk, bottle.^/ O tj> » 11 _•--. • mg* Taffeta Skirt Lining — Penian Stripes !n aaorted '% -
» be on rpecialoleb crockery depart- _ _ Cashmere Wool Mending on cards.2 lor Bo Other styles up to $25.00. Full assortment of Fhyslci ins' Prescription Pert V | Choice Ruddy Tonic Port, for in- 7? a,*  • ZC3> !.* ' i # Vie * yle1 ' black ground.} width 36 mm *
J, meat to-morrow, set cf 6. . .. . «JC , So-No-Mor Dress Shield Fasteners, set . 250 . 50 5 fits Go-Carts, $3.10 to $20.C0 Books valids, bottle 730 Men s, all sizes x...,.,.£00 iaches} .pedal sale price Monday . IJO '
*4t« ******** 4t& ******** *^^
SHASTA COPPER MINES ARE COMING TO THE FORE AS
AMONG THE GREATEST PRODUCERS IN THIS COUNTRY
Some i<sea of the magnitude of the op
eratlorjs of the copper mining companies
In the northern counties of California
may v ' gained from the semi-annual re
port of the Mountain Copper Company.
The striking fact is that the average pro
duction of the first six months of the
present year If maintained throughout
• j-m n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 11 1 1 ml l in n-h ¦!¦¦«¦ iummm i-i-i-i ¦!¦•
i Vulcan Furnaces I
I Successfully Dunning II
'¦• The recent marked rucces«e» of the VULCAN BMEI/TINO AND REFININO . .
•> COMPACT In the operation of their furnaces have created considerable excitement , ,
V ir the mining- an 4 metallurgical world. The Vulcan smelter Is an Innovation In the , a
A. methods for reducing ores by the smelting process. In that they do away with all '
.¦. machinery used In connection with the blast type of furnace and In place of a positive _
JL blast uee a suction draught caused by th«> Introduction of a Jet of steam. Intro- "
A duced Immediately underneath the (tat outlets' of th« stack, thus forming- a vacuum * *
X Immediately over the emeltinr zone, the Intake of air being* through an annular * *
Ji. opening all around the furnac*. between the crucible and the upper part of the ' "
; stack and Immediately underneath the nmeltln* zone. thus giving a generally dls- * '
T trtbuted roasting atmosphere permeating the entire charge In the furnace, the result ' '
• of which Is the wonderful oxidizing action, which permits of taking raw sulphide * '
v ores as they come from the mine (without previous roasting to desulphurize) . and * '
V burning off the sulphur in tbe furnace, making use of the fuel values of the sulphur, ' '
• as a reducing agent. !• •
•I- During the Nevada Btate Fair at Reno, held from the Kth to the 21st of last •]•
i. September, the Vulcan Company had one of Its plants on exhibition Just outside the , .
S. Fair Grounds and treated all ores offered for treatment for test runs. Amoiur the . .
X ores treated were the following: A copper carbonate ore, carrying lead carbonate U . ,
J. per cent copper and about 43 per cent silica: 10 per cent coke was used, with a steam , ,
T pressure of 40 pounds. Furnace ran fast and hot and product was a bullion assaying . ,
t ¦ per cent copper, with balance lead, with some of the usual impurities of black cop- , ,
*" per and carrying the gold and silver values. m
"•" A quartxoae ore carrying about 2 per cent Iron, zi per cent silica and about 20
V per cent copper In the form of a gray copper sulphide, with approximately 2 per > !
•!-• r»nt of th* copper In the form of a carbonate, and the balance consisting of clayey "
•*• matter (alumina). " '
V The float used was an oxidized Iron ore fgor,»an) carrying about S3 SO in gold, eon- ' '
•?- eiderab'le silica and some alumina. Fuel used. 9 per cent coke. Furnace ran hot T
.:. an<l ilai liquid. Product consisted of black copper of about »4 per cent fineness, with • •
• ' per cent of the product In the form of a high grade matte (blue metal) as a top • •
.'•. layer ever bar*. Slags asuayed »-10 of 1 per cent copper. • , • • *
< Ore No. This '-re was a quartz or« carrying oxides and carbonates of copper, • •
*J I per cent Iron and 48 per cent silica, with some baric material. It ran about the same • •
V a« ore No 2. the product .being black copper of nt>o'jt 93 per cent purity, with no « •
'¦' matte production. Coke used, 10 per cent on charge Furnace bottom kept hot and ••
V tapped easily. • •
V filn^e the above rnns were made the <*r>mp«ny ha* had a furnace in operation in • .
V I>os Angeles, treating ores from that Motion of the ."tat* and from Arizona with even <••
• better results than were produce^ at Ben*. , ,
±The ability of the Vulcan furnace t . -ike raw *ulph!de ores and pass them through . ,
the furnace without previously «le«ulp l mrl».lnK and turn out high-grade copper bul. . ,
ft lion. In addition to the small cost of In ¦t.-.l'iiti-n and maintenance after Installation 
U. bids fair to revolutionize the mlnlnz on 1 i-m«»ttlng Industry. For full Information and T
J. catalogue address the , •• .. ¦ **
I Vulcan Smelting and Refining Company. 306 Pine St., San 6 "- 60 ; : ;.
TH 1 1 i 11 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 1 IMI HI i m m i m u 111 1 » 11 1 < ;
the year will give a greater aggregate of
production than can be boasted by th»
.Qulncy mine at Lake Superior, the differ
ence being, in fact, about 30 per cent In
favor of the California property.
During six months the Mountain Cop
per Company smelted 172.782 tons of ore.
which yielded an average of ninety-four
THB SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
pounds of copper to the ton. On this
amount the earnings were about 6 cents
pc-r pound net, or 11.4t*,0U0 for the total
output. On the basis of the first six
months the output of the year will be
32,«Au,120 pounds. The Mountain Copper
Company operated to a disadvantage laat
year by reason of the fact that Its smelt
er was reconstructed. The plant smelted
an average of E75 tons dally. Since then
the plant hasr been enlarged to the capac
ity of 1000 tons dally, and has treated 950
tons dally since the opening of the pres
ent year. y
.iV he ,? Ul J y r™ Hlll copDer mlne « *™l
smelter about 800 men are employed. The
smelter includes a Bessemer converter.
The ladles, of a capacity of three tons
each, are handled by a traveling electric
crane. A main hoist, capable of handling
twenty tons, lifts and carries the ladlen!
trnii an auxiliary five-ton hoist tips the
ladles for pouring. The engineer rides
with the traveling crane. The entire
plant Is operated by electric power and
lighted by electricity.
The slag is broken up by an egg-shaped
iron weight of 4000 -pounds fastened to tin
auxiliary hoist. A hydraulic elevator runs
up and down Into the converter-room.
Three tons of matte Is delivered from the
furnace at each tap. The plant includes
a briquettlng machine having a capacity
of 100 tons per day. In the main furnace
room the briquettes are stacked to dry
to the amount of 6000 tons.
Americans in Korea.
An Interesting account of mining In Ko
rea is given by the Mining and Scientific
Press. According to this there are only
two foreign companies carrying on min
ing In Korea. One of these Is an Ameri
can company, which has passed the pros
pecting stage and Is producing bullion
The mines operated by this company are
in the northern part of Ping Yang pro
vince, about 300 miles north from Seoul
and sixty-five ;nlles east from the walled
city of Wee Ju. which has guarded the
gate to China since the first settling of
Korea. Wee Ju Is on the Yalu River and
looks directly Into China. The American
gold quartz mines In that vicinity are
scattered among thr«|e camps. Three
mills are in operation, one of forty
stamps and two of twenty stamps each.
One cyanide plant is in use and another
Is in course of construction.
The labor is all done by Chinese. Japa
nese and Koreans. Bach shift has a na
tive boss, who assists the American on
duty. Preparations are being made to In
stall a compressor to try machine drill
ing. The mine hoist engineers are all Ko
reans, who ne«d constant guidance. The
methods of milling do not differ mate
rially from those in the United States,
except that the amalgamator has all the
help he desires. Lumber and oak cord
wood are delivered to the mines by the
Koreans at the rate of $15 per thousand
and $2 26 per cord, respectively. The win
ter sets In about December 1. and tho
temperature, with little snow In the air.
sinks sometimes as low as 30 deprees bo
low zero. The average winter tempera
ture Is about S degrees below rcro.
Editorially the Mining and Scientific
Press says:
Korea Is an exceedingly rich gold-bearing
country, measured by even the high standard of
comparison set by early day gold mining of
rallfornla. fc 1897 the Collector of Customs at
Oennsn. Kores. Informed the writer of this
that the placer gold production of the native
miners— there was no production then from the
one foreign operation of mines Just starting—
was over 14.000,000 a year, as Indicated by th*
exports of the metal that were registered at
the Custom-house. The Korean gold mining
and milling plants for gold quarts ores have
another distinction, the statement of which
will be somewhat of the nature of a surprfse.
Excepting only the gold quarts milling plants
In India, the Korean plants are the first to
be established In Asia. With all the ex
ploitation of Siberian placers tor a half *en
tury past there Is yet no gold Tjuart* milling
plant In that country, and no exploitation, as
dlntlngulxhed from prospecting of gold quarts
lod»*. The first step made In Korea toward
modern mining business has skipped by all the
successive steps of slow advance which have
evolved gold mining practice, and has started
the latest and the best an the beginning. The
Governmental conditions surrounding the Indus
try In this new land are said to be satisfac
tory. There Is an absence of the fussy official
ism and official exploitation of foreign capital
that Invests In mined that has made the estab
lishment of American gold mining practice
unlng either Russian or foreign capital a fail
ure In Siberia. The Korean Government and
people have, fortunately for their own mate
rial Interests, encouraged and permitted the
American miners, who are using American cap
ital to exploit their gold mines, to apply with
out restriction American mining practice.
Hydraulicklng In Oregon.
A correspondent of the Mining and En
gineering Review, who has Just returned
lrorr. an Inspection of the mining country
in Bout hern Oregon, writes that there are
scores of hydraulic mines In the southern
portion of Josephine County that have
abundant water to run four or five months
each year. The working grounds consist
of a loose gray and red gravel, lying from
twenty to seventy-flve feet on the bed
rock and rich In coarse gold. The cost
of working a mine, after a mine is
equipped in that district, is estimated at
5 cents per cubic yard.
The Marlposa Gazette reports that work
on the Pocanontas copper mine has been
Biinpended. A rich strike Is reported at
the Garibaldi mine.
Open to the Public.
Any one who derives pleasure from the
contemplation of . a tastefully arranged
banquet table should visit the Crystal
room of Nathan-Dohrmann Co.'s store
between now and Thanksgiving. The an
nual November ¦ display Is on, consisting
of five : tables ' representing '' ¦as I many
courses oorf r a, well-ordered ~ dinner, and a
sixth showing an idea for a midnight sup
pejN ¦•/•. ¦¦-. . , .- •;'¦¦'':¦'¦¦ '¦;¦•¦¦¦•:¦' ¦'-> . . *'.'=
EXPANDING MARKET OFFERS HOPE TO OWNERS OF OIL
WELLS AND PRODUCT IS BRINGING HIGHER PRICES
Only elgrhty-four oil wells were com
pleted In the California fields) during the
six months ending October 31 of the pres
ent year. In the same time there were
ten failures to ttnd oil. At the end of Oc
tober 463 wells were being drilled. These
figures summarize a long report In the Los
Angeles Herald, which makes a ipeclalty
of the statistics of the California oil in
dustry. There was an Increase in the
rigs and In the number of drilling wells.
The market for oil is extending contin
ually. There are many facts pointing to
that conclusion. In the course of its re
cent review the Herald makes the follow
ing points In that regard:
With a constantly Increasing production it is
essential that there be also an expanding mar
ket for the product, and that the one ke«p
pace with the other. If this hat not been the
condition heretofore It has been on account
only of the newness of the oil Industry and the
delays necessarily Incident to a readaptatlon of
Industrial conditions to the new order. In San
Franclßco two years ago less than 1000 barrels
of oil were being used In a year for fuel pur
poses, while to-day there are being used over
1,000,000 barrels, and with a constantly Increas
ing demand. The railroads will use during the
present year about 4,000,000 harries, and the
eleven refineries operating In the state at the
present time will use about 1,500,000 barrels.
The actual requirements for the entire State
this year are placed at over 7,000,000 barrels. In
view of these statistics there Is not only room
for encouragement, but the Immensity of the
possibilities opening out to the oil Industry be
comes apparent.
The price of oil has stiffened considera
bly. Contracts at low figures have been
surrendered in som« instances that long
time contracts might be made, the con
sumers being the* movers and acting evi
dently under the supposition that there
will be higher prices in the future than
there aro now. Tho future is largely in
the hands of the Kern County combine
so far as making money for the producers
is concerned. During the last week the
Crude Oil Company joined the Associated
Oil Company, more than two-t ilrds of
the stockholders voting in favor of this
action, and there was no opposition.
The conditions are that th» company
shall deed its real estate and personal
property to the Associated Oil Company,
contingent upon the taking of similar ac
tion by other specified corporations, the
number including San Joaquln. Whlttler
& Oreen, the Canfleld and the Kern com
panies. These must deposit their deeds
In escrow with the Union Trust Company
of Han Francisco by January 1, 1902. to
meet the situation. All companies enter
ing the combine will receive stock in the
Associated Oil Company. The basis of
the agreement has already been published
in The Call.
The lrrlgatora of Kern County axe
alarmed lest the oil in the sump holes
and reservoirs of Kern County should be
turned into the Kern River by the heavy
rains of the winter. X circular letter has
been issued by half a dozen canal and Ir
rigating companies in wnich the oil well
men are notified that unless steps are
taken to prevent the waste oil from get
ting into Kern River or any of the canals
taking water from the river they will go
to the courts to protect their Interests.
The Sunset road will be open to traf
fic en the 15th Inst. The producers of the
P "•¦¦>•.. Felts high-grade shoes *'¦ fl
1 for half regular prices. I
.While the sale prices at Felts' sale are $4 and $3.50 '-'» I
— what you pay for ordinary shoes— ! forget what :„ V J
. .¦ these prices mean. Felts carried a strictly high ; grade \ I
stock of ladies' shoes — the best that could be purchased, * I
. He sold these shoes for $4 to $8 and for a whole year "of
the store's existence people bought the shoes and were
M satisfied with tbe : r »>'trcha<es. Now take note that ' all
v there swell, stylish shoes worth $6, $7 and $8 are being' ;¦:
, closed out for T4.oc». au! the $4 and $5 values are going-
at *8J O
{^'iS^ffi:^^ Walk-ovc- Slice Store bought Felts' stock and
• is selling it at these extremely low prices in order .clear 1 '
¦_.''¦; it out and make room for an entire new line of Walk* I
' over shoes for ladies. '-v : : - .. ' .' ' . : -:'*' i: - I
•a The Walk-Over Shoe Store I
I ' ' Felts* 6ucceasop '•• ^ T ¦¦:•'¦ -^ I
I 924-926 Market Street I
Midway field are moving to have tt ex
tended into their territory.
John Barker 3r., representing the Union
Oil Company tells the Bakersfleld Cmii
fornian that his company will build an oil
refinery on the company's holding*. There
will be twelve stills in the plant, which
will have a dally capacity oFl«0 to 1800
barrels.
2526
MUSES STOP AT DOORS
OF CITY AND PEOPLE
PREPARE TO LISTEN
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
EMILIO DE MARCHI. GRAU'S CELEbRATED NEW ITALIAN TENOR.
WHO WILL APPEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY ON
WEDNESDAY EVENING IN 'LA TRAVIATA."
WELL, there Is nothing to say this
week but that we have almost
everything musical in sight at
our doors for the remainder of
the month and more. The moun
tain has come to Mahomet, and Instead of
it* being imperative on the opera wor
shiper to take a ticket to New York to
hear his '•Tristan and Isolde." Tristan
and Itolde have come to San Francisco |
and will sing their wondrous story of love
to us here. It seems almost too good to
be true, yet to-morrow night the Grau
grand opera season is announced to begin
with "Lohengrin." Mr. Grau rates us as
an opera-loving population only next to
New York, and certainly he gives us here
the longest season outside of Gotham.
Th* impresario is saying a good deal Just
at present about the dangers and difficul
ties of the long trip across the continent,
but. from all appearances, the tangible
appreciation of his efTorts this reason Is
likely to outweigh far more serious con
siderations cf that kind than the trials of
a Journey from New York to San Fran
cisco. I should not like to wager much
that Mr. Grau docs not come out next
year with Jean de Re.-zke as a special
drawir.p card. As he says». though, he
can hardly offer us more than the pres
ent programme contains either in the way
of novelty of opera, or singer. We shall
simply have heard almost all the best
operas and world-famous artists at the '
end of the present season.
"Lohengrin" will be the opening per
formance, and the role of Elsa Will be
sung by Emma Esraes. who has never ap
peared in this city, although her fame has
already preceded her. The full cast for
the opera will be as follows:
Ela& yon Brabant. Mm*. Emma Eam»s; Or
trnd. Mm«. Schumajin-Helnk; Lohengrin. Mr.
Van Dyck: Fr.w>rleh yon Telramund. Bra
fcantlseher Oral Mr Bispharr. . D«»r Heerrufer
*•* Kernlgs. Mr. Muhlrnanr. Helnrtch 'l<-r Yog.
Jer. Deutscher Ko-nir. Kd de n»zk": conduc- '
tor. TValt»r Damrrwch.
"I>s Husrufnot> ' will be made attrac
tive on Tuesday evening by a star cast.
The opportunely to hear Mmes. Gadski,
Louis*- Homer and Sembrich and Messrs.
de Marchl, Journet. Scottl and Edouard de
Rcszke in one opera Is not often vouch
safed. The distribution of the roles is as
follows:
Valentin*. Mm". Gadskl; Urbaln. Mm*
lsw\t* Homer; I .Dam* d'Honr.*ur. Minx I'.au'-r
tn~irt*T II Dam* Hnnn«-ur. Mm*. '.'?^i <'au- :
•<-r#>n Msrsu'rite «ie Valuta. Haw --mbrirh:
Kaout <J» N«r.rl* M. de March!; Iv Cr>mt» 4*
Saint Bru M Jcrurnet; \a- Comte de Keven,
M. Scottl; BoJdat Huguenot. M. Jaorues Pars;
De Tavanne*. U. Rein*, De R^tz. M Vivian! !
Kaurerert, M. Dufrlche; De Ohm; M Vannl;
Mare*i, Ed de R<*zk». th» lncMental dlver-
Omcmtsit by the corps de ballet; conductor
M. Flea.
On Wednesday evening "La Travlata"
will be sung, and Marcella Sembrich will
return to us in one of her best roles. She
wtll have as one of her associates Emlllo
de Marchl, the famous Italian tenor. Ver
di's opera will be Interpreted by the fol
lowing list of distinguished artists:
Vloletta, Urn*. Fembtich; Flora B«rvol«e,
Km*. Van Cautcren; Annlaa. Miss Baaermel
¦t«r; Giorgio Germont, M < &mr.anarf ; "Oaii
ton*. M Vannl: Baron* Duphol. Jacques Ban;
Marehese d'Obljmy. M Dufrlche; Dottore
Creßvtl. M. Gtllbert; Alfredo, M. de Marchl;
conductor. M. Seppillt.
"Tannhaueer," on Thursday evening,
will introduce a new artist In the person
of Louise Reuss-Belce. She is well known
In Germany, where ehe has appeared suc
cessfully at several of the Bayreuth fes
tlvals. The cast selected for the opera
may be said to be an ideal one. It follows: ,
Elisabeth, line. "mm» Earner: Kin Hlrt,
MiM C&rrte Bridewell; Venu«. Mine. Iviulh.
Re«M-Belc«; Tannhau»er, M. Van Dyck; Her
man I, M. Blanc; Walther, Jacques Ban;
Heinrich. M. Reiu; Blt;roJf. M. Muhlmann:
Kelnmar, M. Virlanl; Wolfram, Mr. Bli*i>hain;
conductor. Waiter Damrosch.
Emma Calve will make her debut here
in "Carmen" on Friday evening. Bizet's
heroine has become more or less identified
with the famous French prlma donna and
the expectation aroused by her first ap
pearance here Is not likely to be disap
pointed. The opera will be sung with the
following cast: - v
Carmen, Hme. Calve; Frasqult*. Mini Bauer
meister; ' Mercedes, Mme. Van Cauteren;
Mlcaela, Mme. Suzanne A Cam-; Dot) Jose. M.
Halicnac; Sanies. M. Journet; Morale*,
Jacques Bar*; Daocalro. M. nutrient; H»m
endado. M. Relax; Eacamlllo, M. Scottl; con
ductor. M. Flon.
Emma Calve will demonstrate that she
is not an artist' with only one role by
appearing in "Faust" on Saturday after
noon. It was in the role of Marguerite
that she made her first appearance on tno
operatic stage. "Faust" will be sung with
the following cast:
Marsaerlta, Mme. Calve; Marts, Mies
reicirter; ti.W. Mm*. LouUe Homer, I
Faurt. M. IMppe!. Valentin, M. Campanar!:
Waimer. M. Dufrlche; M»phistophelea, Ed de
iMk»; conductor, M. Serpltll.
On Saturday evening Sibyl Sanderson
will make her first appearance here in
"Manon." She has sung the role nearly
three hundred times in Europe and was
declared by the composer to be his Ideal
of the role. The opera is founded on Abbe
Provost famous tale and the music Is
generally conceded to be the best work of
Massenet's. The cast will include:
Van on Lescaut, Mme. Sybil Sanderson;
Pousette. Mme. Mary 111; Javctte. Miss Carrie
Bridewell; Rosette. Mme. Van Cauteren ; Lek
caut. M. Declery; Le Comte dcs Grieuz. M.
Journet: Galliot. M. Gtllbert: De Bretlmy. M.
Bars; Ie Chevalier dcs Grieuz. M. Sallrnae;
conductor. M. Flon.
Very few of the operas will be repeated
during the engagement of the Maurice
Grau Company. Among the novelfies to
be siven may be mentioned Wagner's "Die
Meistersinger" and "Tristan and Isolde"
and Mozart* "The Marriage of Figaro."
Mr. Grau will again make a feature of
performances on Sunday evenings at pop
ular prices. The advance sale indicates
a proFperous season.
• • • •
Charles Hoffmann, tenor, who descend
ed upon San Francisco last Friday at a
son? recital at Sherman & Clay Hall,
sp*ms to me to be of the strictly super
fluous class so far as music is concerned.
We may be a long way off from thing*
here, but not quite far enough to make
Mr. Hoffmann a possibility as a vocalist.
His programme announces the singer as
a pupil of the "celebrated tenor, Theodor
Wachtel, and of Mme. Marches!," who
may. of course, have done something to
deserve the imputation, though Mr. Hoff
mann's methods indicate a noble freedom
from educational trammels of any sort.
One would rather like to know, however,
to which of the two famous teacher*
should be ascribed, trie explosive nuance
in which Mr. Hoffman Indicates the senti
mental side of things, and to whose inspi
ration he owes the naive falsetto which,
with this artless German, takes the place
of the conventional tenor's high note.
We must have a pretty rough rcputatlo.l
somewhere for Mr. Hoffmann to imagine
that we could accept the kind of thin*, he
has to after for the glorious art of sing
ing, but the exhibition was perhaps mur«
amu?!n? than impertinent. It Is under
stood that the Griper also has claims as
a pianist. Let De PachoMUßl and Paste*
rcwekl hereafter beware!
ANSWEKS TO QUERIES.
SWIMMING SCHOOLS-L. T.. Spreck
els. Cal. There la no school In San Fran
dae* »here swimming is taught free.
iomf: wedding— p. b., city, it is
not abtiolutely necessary to have a beat
man and a bridesmaid at a home wedding.
LARGEST BTATUE-E. C. E.. Pacific
Grove, Cal. It Is Bald that Bartholdl';;
statue of Liberty Enlightening the World,
on Redloe Island at the entrance to New
York harbor, is the largest statue In the
world.
PAY DAYS— L. T.. Spreckcls, Cal. Com
pnnles that have regular pay days are
not required to depart from their rulej
if they desire to discharge an employe
\iff(jr<- the end of a month or between pay
days, but the rule generally followed fb to
t< 11 the employe when he Is notified tli.'it
his MTVtCM :ji<: no lonK>-r required to ko
to th«- office and draw what is coming to
him. If the empl<'\r <!oeh Mi want to
do i hat th«-n the employe need not "wait
around until pay day," but can either
leave din-rtlonts trhere to send what is due
him, or authorize some one to collect the
money for him and forward It
HOTEL RULES-L. T., Spreckels, Cal.
The general rule in hotels la that where
there Is no understanding between the
hotel-keeper and the guest, and the guest
Ik only transient, paying lit the rate of so
murh a week, he pays proportion
ality for the fraction of a wack. Those
who arc known as permanent guests
usually. If they pay by the week, are re
quired to pay for a whole week, though
they remain but a fraftion of a week. The
r<;ison for this in that a transient may be
placed wherever there la a place for
him, while a permanent Ik given the oholce
of accommodations and table service
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's. Palace Hotel*
C-»L Glace Fruit COc per lb at Townsend's ?
Belling out. TV-ft eyeglass and specs, 10c
to 40c, at II 4th, front barber and grocery.*
Special information supplied dally to
busine«s houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'*). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IOC •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10,' 1901.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ' 'T " ~ Address Communications to WS. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 10. iqoi
Publication Office ......%.. <*jj^a|fcg^> .....;,......... Market and Third, S. F.
OUR Government is keeping close watch on the Monroe hemisphere. In the old sailing
days all navies were on an equality. The winds blow all around the globe, and no
country could corner their motive power. Now it is different. A country that follows its
trade with its navy must have coaling stations which it can command in war. In peace
every port is a coaling station, but in war it is different. We wete in a hard place when Dewey's
fleet had to sail from Hongkong within a given time, after war was declared against Spain. We
had not access to a pound of coal nearer than Honolulu, and there only because the dummy re
public of Hawaii could safely violate neutrality under our protection. Our Asiatic fleet was in
danger of cold boilers until Dewey hammered his way to access to the Spanish coal pile at Cavite.
Because of the necessity for coaling stations the English navy is the strongest in the w jrld,
independently of the number of its ships, gun and men. It would still be the strongest if these were
reduced by a third, because Great Britain has coal piles everywhere under her own flag. We are
deficient in that respect. On the Pacific Coast we have only one coaling station outside our own
' territory, and that is inconveniently located on the coast of Mexico. Germany is alive to the situa
tion, and is seeking indirectly to invade our hemisphere, and through one of her chartered steam
ship companies to acquire territory for a coaling station which will command the Caribbean Sea.
German trade is considerable in Central and South America, but the coveted coaling station is not
wanted so much on account of existing trade as for the purpose of getting warships with bunkers
full of coal within striking distance of the isthmian canal. Anyway that is the view taken of it by
our Government, and the Monroe doctrine will be applied to the affair. A war with Germany is a
very remote contingency. The two nations have more trade with each other than cither enjoys
with the other Americas, and would lose the greater in a battle for the less. But precedent is of
importance to the United States. If we permit the direct or indirect cession of territory for conling
and naval station purposes to one foreign nation we could hardly refuse it to any other. So the
way to get out of trouble in that respect is to keep out of it now, and inform any of the small
countries that have erected statues to Monroe that they must live up to his doctrine.
While we are watching the Caribbean Sea it may be well to keep an eye on the Pacific
Coast. Chile is suspected of nmbitious designs, and is known to be seeking naval stations in Cen
tral America within striking distance of this end of the canal. That is a truculent country, juite
self-possessed and confident of its power, with very ambitious commercial schemes, and, as fnr as
its production and commerce go, a strong rival of California. A visitor to the Pan-American fair
was struck by the similarity of the Chilean and California exhibits. The productions of the two coun
tries are common and not complementary. We are out for the same trade, and our warships near
the canal should not be compelled to coal only by permission of the Chilean navy.
THE LIVESTOCK JMLJSXT.
THE National Livestock Association is sending out statements of its expected action daring
its annual meeting in Chicago. Some of these are significant of its change of sentiment on
the subject of leasing the arid grazing lands on the public domain. In its meeting two
years ago at Fort Worth this association by a narrow majority favored the leasing of Ihese
lands. As this was accomplished by the vote of the Texas delegation* the anti-leasers denounced
it, because the United States owns no public domain in Texas, and it was claimed, therefore, that
the delegates'from that State had no right to vote on an issue that did not concern them. To the
annual meeting last January in Salt Lake City the anti-leasers came in force to repeal the Fort
Worth decision. They dominated the convention, but were restrained from the intended repeal by
the prospect that it would disrupt the association. Therefore they were obliged to content them
selves with tabling the report of the leading committee.
At that time the anti-leasers were practically all sheep men and the issue was really between
them and the cattle men. The latter, in view of the imminence c* the extinction of their business by
being driven from the free public range by the sheep wen. while retaining their individual mem
bership in the Livestock Association, proceeded to organize the American Cattle-Growers' Asso
ciation, which immediately acquired a large membership, so that its convention in Denver in the
spring was largely attended, :\nd voted by a great majority to proceed at once with the leasing
policy. Cireat progress has been made therein, and during the summer the cattle interest has prac
tically consolidated in favor of such a law, and a large nambei of sheep men have abandoned the
anti-leasers and joined the leasers. This probably accounts for the appearance of change in the
Livestock Association, for it is now apparent that, excluding Texas, a majority of that body favors
leasing.
In the last outgiving from Denver appears the usual sign of a surrender. It is announced
that the meeting at Chicago will consider the appointment of a Congressional committee to in
vestigate the subject, but the same telegram admits every premise of the leasers. Therein the Live
stock Association admits that over-stocking the free range is rapidly destroying its forage, and as
rapidly decreasing all kinds of stock. We called attention to this last year when the price of beef
permanently advanced as a result of a falling off of 60 per cent in the receipt of range cattle at the
slaughtering centers in the preceding five years. Not only is the meat supply diminishing, but the
arid region is being made more arid and less possible of settlement by the homesteader through a
decline in the flow, of springs and streams.
The American Cattle-Growers' Association did not wait for the conversion of the Live
stock Association, but proceeded by its committee to draft a lease bill, which will be submitted to.
Congress in the coming session. \s the premise of the cattlemen is admitted, they see no utility in
delaying the conclusion by appealing to a Congressional commission. That commission could only
report in favor of leaving the range to be destroyed as commons, or that all the public domain be
ceded to the States and Territories, or that it be leased and left open to the homesteader and
mineral entry man. As the first would be intolerable to both associations, and the second is im
practicable, for the Federal Government will never code its domain and lose control of its forest res
ervations and its right to protect t!-e intending settler, the commission could satisfy Western sen
timent only by recommending leasing. Hut by the time it acted the flocks and herds will have
nearly disappeared with the forage and the desert will dominate the range.
The cattlemen seem Indisposed to wait that long, and. as their premise is admitted by the
Livestock Association, they will invite it to join them in reaching the conclusion now. while
some of the range is left. It is an issue intensely important to the West, and its determination
should not be delayed until beef disappears as the ordinary food of our people and as an im
portant feature in our export trade. .—
BO:iS£B.A.*RIDIITGr HAILSTORMS.
DESPITE the reports of American Consuls concerning the success alleged to have been
attained in certain parts of France, Italy and Austria by the use of cannonading for the
purpose of breaking up approaching hailstorms, Professor Moore of the
Bureau officially declares the whole thing to be incredible.
Referring to the experiments mad/in Europe the Professor says: "Several thousand shoot
ing stations have been established in Italy and France during the past few years, but reports re
ceived from them give no definite data in support of the state of the experiments, although there
is no doubt, that the cannonading is believed to be effectual by the farmers who do the work
Waves of irrational enthusiasm sometimes creep over a community only to be regretted in subse
quent years, when calmer judgment has come to prevail. We have only to remember the experi
ence of our own country only a few years ago with the rainmakers, and how firm was the belief ot
thousands of people in the sub-arid and arid regions of the West that the use of powerful explosives
would produce rainfall."
It is pointed out that the practice is irrational because while not one storm in a hundred has
hail, there is no way of telling bysight at a distance whether the approaching cloud is going to
bring hail or not, and consequently the farmers who resort to cannonading to keep off hailstorms
would have to waste a great deal of money in unnecessary bombardments. Finally the Professor
says: "The great processes going on in the atmosphere are conducted on too large a scale for any
man or any nation to attempt to control them. The energy expended by nature in the produc
tion of a hailstorm, a tornado or a rainstorm probably exceeds the combined energy of all the
steam engines and explosives in the world."
It is hard to cure a popular delusion, and we shall dpubtless hear of attempts in this country
to imitate the French experiments. It is, therefore, well that Professor Moore has issued his warn
ing against the folly. If we have any powder to shoot away let us save it for the Fourth pf July.
GERMANY'S AIMS.
ARTISTIC GREATNESS
OF JAPANESE PEOPLE
NOW BECOMING KNOWN
LEADING ACTOR OF THE "NO." WHO RESTORED THE CLASSICAL
JAPANEBE DRAMA- AFTER ITS THREATENED EXTINCTION IN
THE HISTORIC UPHEAVAL IN HIS LAND IN 1868.
I NE has long ago ceased from
ONE lonp any new evidence
Kurprlse at any new evidence
I I I of the artistic greatness of the
\- M smill brown folk on the other
• side of the Pacific who serve
I us, silent, courteous, yet inwardly dis
dainful. in our kitchens here. Ernest F.
; Fenollosa. whose brilliant and sympc
; thetlc lectures on the art and ethics of
i the Orient have been lately delighting
; gun Francisco audiences. Is the last Ori
i entallst to add to our yet scant knowl
i edge of this great little people. It hardly
J surprises to know, in face of the wonders
i of Japanese art that are daily being re
| venled to M, that in Japan exists to-day
i a living lyric drama that approximates in
i startling!}- close fashion to that of an
i cient Greece, both in Its origin and devel
| opment. What Is surprising Is that th!a
! vastly significant fact should have here-
I tofore remained unnoted by any of the
I Orientalists. With the exception of a
| short talk some time ago at Columbia
| University by Mr. Fenollosa himself and
I a single chapter on the "No" (the clas
i sicat drama) In a book on Japan by El
ward Austin, the subject has so far Inex-
ably been irnorcd by students of the
Far East. It Id perhaps as well, for It Is
not easy to Imagine another so profound
ly intimate knowledge and sympathy, a*
that of Mr. FenoMosa being brought to
.bear, on the subject— exactly that quality
of knowledge. l»y the way. that is vitally
necessary to us as a people in our future I
diplomatic relations with our Nipponese
! neighbors, and particularly to California '
; he it said.
,'•'•"¦• - -
The subject of the Japanese classical
> drama Is one of which Mr. Fenollos* Is
! peculiarly well qualified to speak. He had,
the . advantage of studying Its technique
' and history for many years with the lead
ing actor of the "No," Umewaka Minor
who also restored the classical drama aft
er Its threatened extinction in the his
toric upheaval of IS6B.
Like the Greek drama, the "No" had Its
origin in a religious -dance— the dance of
the Shinto gods— though the Japanese
classical drama dates back only some 45)
years. Also, as in the Greek drama,
masks are used, some 300 masks being re
quired for the 200 plays to which the orig
inal 600 lyric dramas have been sifted i
. down. The masks are. symbolic of th« I
leit-motif, .so to speak, of the character, j
and In the hands of a good actor seem
actually to change expression with each
passing emotion.
Different masks may bo used during
the progress of the play, as when the
mask of a * Jealous woman, of a dull,
bricky red in one act, with short horns
and sharp teeth, becomes in the next of
a fearful Jaundiced yellow, : with long
horns ' and long sharp fangs. There !
is a chorus, too, that though ii
does not dance, yet performs the same
explanatory part that the Greek 'chorus
performed, , emphasising, defining, fore
shadowing the dramatic > significance ot
the moment, all in a musical chant that
I Is most like the old Sanscrit chants of any
of the world songs that . are known to
us. • It Is also an exquisitely picturesque
adjunct, the costumes being a magnificent
mass of lovely color and inspired harmony
of line. " . - •>¦
At first purely a religious festival per
formed by the priests, stories of ancient
chivalries, like our own Arthurian cycle,
began afterward to appear. Gods, at
first the only "leading men" in the plays,
began to give way to mortals, and to-day
a composite cast -of gods and men takes
part In the perfected drama. Three Jap
anese Shakespeares, or Sophocles— as one
Tikes to put it— are responsible : for the
whole two ¦ hundred plays that form the
classical repertoire; and it is ' most Inter
esting to note that many of the actors
now taking part |n these dramas are
lineal " , descendants •-" of • those - old play
wrights. It Is of a piece with that glori
ous madness for art that la the. last thing
one thinks of in connection with present
day ; acclAantai drama that ' the humblest
GUISARD
Japanese classical actor regards nis work
as an apostolate. He Is trained from ear
liest childhood In the dance, the chant. In
gesture, elocution, facial expression, but
above all in the spiritual and ethical sig
nificance of his calling. To preserve the
classics in their subtlest integrity, to pre
sent with minutest faithfulness these
dramas of his foregods and forefathers,
without any more thought of personal ag
grandizement than have the cetera of tba
Oberammergau "Passion Play." la th#
worthy Ideal of the Japanese classical
actor.
• • •
And of the plays that have so vital hold
upon their actors and the Japanese peo
ple? Perhaps Maeterlinck, more nearly
than any other occidental playwright, has
approached the mystic symbolism of the
classical Japanese genius, though curious
ly enough the Japanese, tn spite of the
eminently conventional and archaic qual
ity of his drama, seems to hays struck
the more human note. Tne spirit of a
flower, the ghosts of dead lovers, the per
sonifications of Jealousy, self-sacrifice.
courage, river nymphs, tree gods, Shinto
deities and so on walk the stage at the
same time with noble knights (samurai >.
priests, poets, artists, beautiful women
and other mortals. As may be seen from
the dramatis personae. the plays deal
largely with subjective realities, and their
effect, says Mr. Fenollosa, Is Invariably
uplifting, even American spectators ig
norant of the language but with a knowl
edge of the plots, being moved to tears
b« the singular beauty of their thought
and presentment.
A Yorkshire miller, noted for hta keen
ness in financial matters, wu one* In a
boat trying his best to get across the
stream which dro«« his mill. Tb« stream
was flooded, and he was taken past th«
point at which he wanted to land, whlh)
further on misfortune again overtook him
to the extent that the boat was upset. Hta
wife, realizing the danger he was in. ran
frantically along the side of the stream,
crying for help in a pitiful voles, when, to
her sheer amazement, she was suddenly
brought to a standstill by her husband
yelling out: "If I'm drowned. Molly, dun
not forget that flour's gone up two shillin*
a sack!"— Tit- Bits.
_ _'_ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. v V **;
~^ €€w j7 9y *
BREAKS UP
BRONCHIAL-
COLDS
To diminish exce««lv« M it«ibUlty t«
Cold, «*ys an English writ*?* .
* First— exposure to open air,- daily
familiarity with the atmosphere, dimi»»
ishes the sensibility of the akin, enabMA
the body to resist the invasion of cold,
Second— The morning cold bath, coil
sponging over the entire surface of the
body, is an Invaluable protection against
Injury from exposure to changes of tem-
perature.
Third— This wise man did not know
that a" few doses of 'IT' will prevent
taken at the beginning will "break uf/^
a cold. •'.;•¦.-¦'¦-¦¦- - T "^ " >• ¦
At all Drantiti » cental or ma!l«d «a r*c«!pt
prtce. DOCTOR BOOK MATT.ttp FRJBX.
; Humphrey's Homeopathic Medicine Co.. C*»
ncr "mmanf and John 3;r««tj. New Tor*.ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••• ............ ....»».»?..? •..«.»..«... «••>»• A
I BUY FROM THE MAKER j
j; 5 From Factory UI y W i
jty to Fireside.... • ej \gl . * «
: toM 6-Piece Parlor Set, $31.00. :
• JlgStyi Consisting of J Large Sofa, I Divan, 1;;
• feJfitJ Rocker, i Armchair, 2 Reception Chairs, ;;
• y^p^'jiL^ exactly like above illustration (the other T.
• :^^sf?7v^vi 3 pieces we'll show to you when you rail). ;
• I^^____|____jM This suit is a product of our own factory '
• ifrj "_/ ' §7 and fully guaranteed: has full spring seats ;
• ["•w O ffl md i* upholstered in either velour or tap- j
[ *H I estry — you choose the colors. j
• ™ ™ This suit is but an example of how t
I cheap we sell Parlor Furniture of our own make. We have L
I dozens of better suits, also odd chairs and divans, which we ; ;
I sell away below downtown prices. 1
• , ¦ ,
i DATTAQIFW^ Manufacturers !
: rf\ I I UOlLll O9O 9 an( i Retailers, j;
i Cor. 16th and Mission Sts.
«««»». ............ ..... .*....« ••*.•••?•••• ?••••• ?
W. W. MONTAGUE &W.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
.OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
SIS 8«okI: 309 to 317 Market Street.
San Francisco.
Oriental
Rug
Sale . . •
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 °lo Discount
from regular prices.
Ctias, M. Plum & Co.
I3N-1317 MARKET ST.
MEf ACCUSED OF RICE'S
MITRDEB. HELD TO ANSWER
Motion to Dismiss Cases Against Don
nelly and Duncan Is Denied
by Court.
When the case of William Buckley.
Thorn** lloran, Charles Donnelly and Ed
ward Duncan, charged with the murder
of George W. Rice, th*- non-union ma
chinist, at Twentieth and Howard streets
en Ortob^r 11 last, MM called In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday the defense put
Frank J. Keveney on the stand. Keveney
t^tified that he was on the back part
of Ibe m and the man who clubbed Rice
was beside him. Mnran was asked M
stand Up and the witness said he was not
tin man. He further te*tlflM that the
man who fired the shot at Rice wore a
white fedora hat.
Attorney Hutton. on behalf of Donnelly
end Duncan, made a motion to dismiss
the '»»• against them, as he alleged no
evidence had been adduced to incriminate
them. The Ju4ge denied the motion and
h»»ld th«» four defendant*" to answer be
fore the Superior Court without ball.
Weber Art Pianos I
* — A 1
RENAISSANCE. LOUIS XIV. |
_r__^^*^^"^"^*'''''^^"*^^___3^SßV B ____________ _ *— —Bb^ "^"^ ''————Bfl ' £."__
2t _ . 12
- - - ENTIRELY NEW - - -
THE WEBER PIANO IS USED EXCLUSIVELY BY THE GRAU
OPERA CO.'S ARTISTS.
Estimates submitted for cases to correspond with any
style of interior decoration. ... '
Our regular stock includes uprights and Grands in .
various rare and fancy woods. , '%^% z l
€OLD ON EASY TERMS IF DESIRED.
CLARK WISE & CO., tjgga
fk 1 ¦ " «_
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Has a remarkable effect in strength-
ening the voice and maintaining its tone.
It is largely employed by clergymen,
lawyers, teachers, singers and actors.
All Druggists. Befuse Substitutes.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
ToEic for the Sexual Orcana, for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diabases of tbe Kld-
Beya and Bleeder. Bella on Ita own merlta.
XABER. ALFS it BRUNE. A«ent«.
123 Market tt.. B. F.— (Send lor Circulars.)
FT. ATT FOR DISBARMENT '
OF ALEXANDER CAMPBELL
Bar Association Decides After Inves
tigation That Accused Is Guilty
of Unprofessional Conduct.
.At th** meetlm? of the Bar Association
yeatcrday afternoon It was decided tha;
formal charges should be made against
Attorney Alexander Campbell and that
the Supreme Court should be asked to
disbar him fcom practice.*
S. Mitchell of 72* Fifth avenue com
plained to the association that Campbell
had wantonly delayed a damage «ult
against the Market-street Railway Com
pany wo long that no further action could
be taken under the statute of limitations.
A committee w;:s appointed to investigate
the matter, and reported that Campbell
had been guilty of unprofessional conduct
and recommended Immediate action.
If the charges are sustained attorney*
say that the accused will be restrained
from continuing the practice of his pro
fession.
Cork weighs 15 pounds per cubic foot,
gold 1155 pounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10* 1901.
MADAME EAMES
REACHES CITY
The Famous Prima Don
na Speaks of Music
and Art.
Is Anxious to Please Opera
LoviDg People of San
Francisco.
Mme. Emma Eames-Story, the world
famous prima donna soprano, whose mar
volous voice San Franciscans will have
the opportunity of Hearing for the first
tune to-morrow evening, gurrived from uio
Bast >esterday. When she entered her
Mine at the Palace she wus astonished to
iui her boudoir banked with tlowers, uud
womanlike she made joyful exclamations
over the violets and roses, the first she
hiul sten since her journey across the
continent began.
Mme. Kami* is a charming woman of
34, of lino physique, an excellent conver
sationalist in four languuges, and pos
sesßtnsj that polish -the French call chic,
which is omy acquired after years of for
eign travel in cosmopolitan centers. She
Is a native of Shanghai, China, her father
having uevn a prominent lawyer In the
Unloose ciiy. When she was four years
of age she landed la San Francisco, and
with her parents occupied rooms at the |
Paiace. 1 nls was the first hotel she ever
saw. ami her earliest recollection of it is
thai she haa a quarrel with a waiter 0VO4"
h pitcher of ice water. This la h#r tirst
visit to this city since that time, thirty
years ago. but in those years, crowded
with study, travel abroad and artistic
triumphs, ahc professes always to have
had a warm feeling lor the tirst Ameri
can city she visited.
Hopeful of Success.
"I huve heard of the music-loving peo
ple ot San Francisco wherever 1 have
traveled," said Mme. Eames to a Call re
porter yesterday. "1 have heard that you
were a discriminating people and that
> ou will tolerate, only the be.<L artists the
world has to offer In all branches of po
lite art. It makes me feel quite' nervous
to know that every one of us who Is to
apj>ear at the Grand Opera-house next
week must run the Bruntlet, as It were,
of your criticism. \\ c are hopeful, how
ever, of acquitting ourselves we»l and of
winning that lavor we so highly prlae
and without which no genuine success !s
to be attained."
"How are the American young women
progressing in musical studies In Paris?"
was asked of the singer.
•They are not making much progress,
I am sorry to say," responded the diva,
sadly. "Very few debuts have been made
there since l made mine. The trouble Is
that many of our American women are
often deceived as to tha talent for music
which they believe themselves to possess.
The result Is grievous disappointments,
and many girls, whose hopes of making
a stir in the musical world will never be
realized, are pursuing their fruitless work
with aching hearts. People should not
hold on to impossible Ideals, for this
means sorrow and care and endless tribu
lations."
Castle at Vallombrosa.
Mme. Eames spoke flatteringly of the
various membvrs of the great musical ag
gregation of which she i* a shining star.
Bhe expressed th© belief that San Fran
cisco would declare the forthcoming mu
sical festival one of the greatest ever
wltnesbod here. Her voice, she added,
was in good form, but she would not ex
ercise it until sh« was thoroughly rested.
She had had a piano brought to her
chambers, and she looked forward to her
practice, to-day wtlh great anxiety. She
was very desirous of making a good Im
pression to-morrow night when she ap
pears as Elsa In "ljohengrln." Then
."peaking of her home in the Appenlnes
she said:
"We have purchased a medieval castle
at Y.illombrotia, near Florence. It is a
(¦harming place and everything breathes
of antiquity. The ensile walls arc two
meters thick, and in every shadow lurks
a phantom of the long forgotten past.
Fr<im my window I see every day the
mountains and forests for miles around.
th»> whol*> prepnntin*? a most lovely view.
Yet withal tlnr> 1m no place like America
to me. My husband thinks as I dp, but
unfortunately h»- was detained at Phila
delphia by Illness."
Tho great songstress then discussed her
favorite operas. Her choice wavered be
tween Wagner. Offenbach and other mas
ters. She loved "Lohengrin" and "Alda"
especially. In the latter opera she hoped
to achieve a triumph here. Mme. Eumcs
Is accompanied to the coast by her
cousin. Miss Fetridge, a globe trotter.
who Joined her at Montreal. Both declare
that their three weeks' stay here will be
devoted to an inspection of all that San
Francisco and vicinity has to offer to the
tillMante taste of visitors from all parts
of the world.
Mme. Emma Calve will arrive here
this morning from Los Angeles, but has
not recovered sufficiently from her indis
position to appear In "Carmen" on Tues
day evening. This will mean the •post
ponement of her debut until Friday and
the Kubstltution on Tuesday of "The Hu
guenots." which was to have been given
Friday. Those who have purchased seats
for either "Carmen" or "The Huguenots"
and are desirous of having their money
refunded or tickets exchanged to conform
with the change of dates ran do so by
applying at the box office. There will be
an extra performance of "Carmen" on
Wednesday afternoon, November 30, with
Mme. Calve in thn title role.
BELLE OF NEW YORK
IN THE CTBCUIT COUHT
Tivoli Management and the Pollard
Company Sued for Violation of
Schubert's Copyright.
Samuel 8. Schubert of New York fllel
a suit yesterday morning In the United
States Circuit Court against the Pollard
Juvenile Company and the management
of the Tlvoll Opera-house for an Injunc
tion to restrain them from performing
the "Belle of New York" in the United
Stated and for an accounting of the pro
fits of last week's business and damages
for violation of copyright.
Schubert alleges that he purchased the
copyright from Hugh Morton and Ous
tave Kerker of New York for the exclu
sive right of production in the United
States. The copyright for Australia ana
the other Pacific colonies Is held by the
George Lederer Amusement Company.
The Pollard company claims that It pur
chased the right from the Lederer com
pany to play the opera in the United
States, but Schubert claims that Ledere<*
could not sell what did not belong to
him. Judge Morrow will hear the case
on Monday.
Schubert's attorneys are P. I. Manson
and Lucius L. Solomons.
Street Cars in Collision.
What might have been a very serious
collision occurred on the corner of Steuart
and Folsom streets yesterday afternoon.
It was Just at the time when the crowd
was bound out to the football game, but
luckily it was an Inbound San Mateo car
and not a crowded outbound one that was
In the trouble.
Car No. 68 of the Ban Mateo line had
been out at Recreation Park with a
crowd of passengers and was on Its way
back to the ferric& Coming down the
Harrifton-street hill it began to slip on
the wet track and the motorman had to
let It coma into East street at fast speed.
While Car No. 68 was speeding along to
wn rd the Folsom-street crossing car No.
1018 of the Folsom-street line came around
the curve from the ferries. Both motor
men saw the danger and attempted to
stop the cars, but failed, owing to the
state of the tracks. The consequence was
that the San Mateo car crashed Into the
Folsom-street car and nearly wrecked It.
Traffic was blocked for more than an
hour, but finally the disabled car was got
out of the way and sent to the repair
shop. _
Charged With Burglary.
Arthur Streeter, who says he Is an ex
soldier, was arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Dinan and Wren and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of bur
glary- He is accused of entering the house
of Henry Dans, 1108 Clay street, Friday
morning and stealing a gold buckle. He
was observed by Dans and bolted. Dans
gave an accurate description of him to
the police and identified him In the prison
yesterday afternoon.
MARKET HOLDS
ITS STRENGTH
— ? '
Brokers Get Prices for
Realty That Are
Pleasing.
Choice Offerings Are Made at
Auctions of the Present
Week. »
There has been the usual lull In the
realty market that customarily attends
the week of election, but the transactions
that have been placed on record lndlcato
that the values of property are well kept
up. During the present week there will
be two auctions of realty which is high
priced, being well and centrally located
for the most part. There will be a large
attendance at these sales. There is no
idea that the properties included in the
catalogues of the two auction sales will
go for a song. Speculators will be out in
lorce, realising that there is no safer and
better investment at this time than Hun
Francisco realty. The chief announce
ment of interest in the line of making
improvement* is one connected with the
placing of suitable modern buildings on
the lands on Market and Geary .-t reels
and Grunt avenue that were taken in
some months ago by a syndicate of cap
italists of this city.
O. H. I'mbsen & Co. have sold for
Hugh McKcrnan a lot 50x155 on the south
line of Howard street, 150 feet west from
Fourth, with the improvements, at 81»
and 821 Howard street, together with nine
fiats situated at 312 to 322 Tehama street,
for $26,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for J.
A. Mason to J. L. Flood 27:11-3 feet on
Market street and 22 feet on Ellis street,
the property adjoining the Columbian
building, for $120,000.
J J. McDonald has sold to W. A.
Brownell a block of land lying between
X and L streets and Nineteenth and
Twentieth avenues for $14,O I JO. It will be
resold in subdivisions.
The deed hus gone on record by which
Charles Carpy buys from A. Aronnon
5x137:6 feet on the south line of Geary
street. 137:6 feet west from Stockton.
The southwest corner of Market and
Valencia streetß, 17«:1 ( H4x2V7:3x273:45. h «s
been sold by the estate of Egbert Jud^on
to Mr?. 8. C. Benedict and Charlotte IJ.
and Charles C. Judson for $39,000.
J. B. St»>uj>e lia« bought the northcust
corner of Post and I^wrkin streets. 6*:9 on
Post by 137:6 on Lnrktn street, with
stores, flats and houses thereon, for $42.
500.
Through the agency of Baldwin & How
ell the Santa Fe Railroad Company has
bought the block In the Fotrero bounde.l
by Michigan. Georgia. Alabama and Mer
rimac streets for $70,000. This gives the
company all the property lying north of
Central BasLn and east of Illinois street.
The northeast corner of California and
Hyde street* has born conveyed to
George McCuUough by the lUbernla Sav
ings and Ix>an Society for $10,000. The
premises are 77$xS0. There are no Im
provements on the lot.
Brokers Report Sales.
The following properties have changed
owners through the agency of $aston,
Eld ridge A Co.:
Mrs. Catherine Fella to Adolph Merer, six
fiats at 7-9 I 'ale place, off Golden Oat* ave
nue, between Hyde and Leavenworth »tr»et».
40x60. for {8500; Mrs. Margaret Btentbach to
Henry A. tMrtts. four cottages at 1327 to IMS
Alabama street, ea>t wide, near Twenty-fifth
street, lot WtxlOO. toff MOW; Mrs. J. C Jones
to Henry A. Oirtl*. l<>t on the south Una of
Fourteenth etreet, 75 ea»t of Folsom. 25x100 for
I it:.". M < • I> ghl-r. to K. Maxfleld. a house of
Mven room* on the northeast corner of Four
teenth ati.i South Broderlck streets, lot »:3x
M:2. for 13000: the Pacific Coast Savings Bo
cletjr to Karl Clundt. a cottage of nix rooms
I mt\ hath at 381 Jersey street. X east of Caa
tro. for 11800. and the AtJaa Building and Loan
Association to H. A- Meyer, a cottac* of live.
rooms and bath at 513 Diamond street, near
Twenty-aecon<f, 2Oxltt:9. for 91200.
Baldwin A Howell report that they
have made the following sales:
Lot eaat aide of Folsom street, south of
Thirteenth. SftsM. for $1830; lot west side of
Baker St.. south of Golden Gale avenue. 2ix
121:10 V*. for %ZtU): lot east line of K-tnsas
utreet. n.-rth of Butte. 91:8x100. for S1M0; lot
and improvement* on the southeast line of
Howard iitreet. northeast of Fifth, 25x80. for
$7«00; northwest corner of Kddy street and
Bourbon place. 32:<i?S. for $3260; lot east line
of Kanaaa street, north of Nineteenth. :;iW,
for t&00: lot north line X street. 100 feet
west of Ninth avenue. 26x100. for $700: lot east
line of Eleventh avenue, south of O street,
:;xi:<i. for »vv. |t ? a >t plde of Stnnyan street,
south of Brulah. 25x106:3, for I 22&0; lot on the
north line of McAllister street, east of l.y.m.
tXttTt, for ISl"0. lot and Improvements on
the southeast line of Third street, southwest
of Bryant, !5xH5. Improvementa consisting of
a three-story frame building, for $9000; eight
lot* In Excelsior Homestead for 8S00; lot on
north line of O street, east of Ninth avenue.
W:«xloo. for $900; tot on south line of Walter
street, west of Shrader, 26x127:6. for $1100; lot
No. 12. In block No. 3, Castro street addition.
for |600.
Recent sales are reported by Sol Oetz
ft Bro. as follows:
Lot a by I*o. on the eaat line of Ninth ave
nue. 77 feet south of M street, for $800; lot ::.
by 120. on the west line of Tenth avenue, 175
feet south of L street, for tSM; lot 25 by UO, < n
the went line of Blxtae'nth avenue. 200 feet
north of I atreet. for Iff- 1 , lot 26 by 120. on the
west line of Seventh avenue, between lvi.v
Lobes avenue and A straet. with four-room
cottage, from Mrs. B. Cox to Mark Levy; lot
V> by ICO. on the north line of X street. 57 .«
feet east of Forty-fourth avenue, for WOO; lot
SO by 120. on the north line of IT street. 32:«
feet west of Forty-second avenue, for $200.
The following recent sales are reported
by P. B. Surryhne:
Lot on the north line of Page street, 173 feet
went of Cole. 36 by 137 :«. for $4*00; lot on the
west line of lenders street. 210 feet north r.i
Fifteenth. 28 by 122:«. fnr $1100; cottage and
lot. 1337 Montgomery avenue, lot 28:« by M. t»r
12000: lot on the northeaiit oomer of Page an<l
F1!lmor« streets, 2S by 100. for $4000: two small
tenaments and lot 26 by 62 feet, on Alabama
street, between Twentieth and Twenty-nnrt. for
1000; two flats at 16 and i&Vj Belvedere street,
between Waller and Frederick, and lot 28 by
126. for $6000; two tenements at 402 Urove street,
between Cough and Octavla. lot 27:1 by U:i,
for $4000; lot on the south Una of Howard
street, 146 feet west of Eighth. W by M, fur
18500.
Offered at Auction.
The properties of the heirs of the late
William A. Piper will be sold at auction
to-morrow at noon by order of Gustave
H. Umbsen at 14 Montgomery street
There la much Interest concerning this
sale, for among the properties offered are
several business locations. In the list is
624 Market street. In which is the real
estate arenoy of Bovee, Toy A Bonntag.
The lot Is 20x80. The Improvements con
sist of a two-story and basement brick
building. This Is directly opposite the
Palace Hotel. The catalogue also em
braces the following offerings:
No«. 713, 714 and 711 Xearny street, southeast
corner Merchant ; $11 Washington atreet, be
tween Front and Davis; southwest corner of
Bush and Larkln streets: southwest corner Hush
and Franklin streets, 1461 to 1459; $19 Front
street, between California and Sacramento; 1460
to 14H Franklin street, between Bush street and
Fern avenue; east corner of Third and Tehama
APVJBTIBBMBirrg.
Nervousness
upsets the stomach and prevents
the nutritive elements from get-
ting Into the blood. The stomach
finally rebels against food and ths
tesult is dyspepsia. The Bitters
will strengthen the nerves and
cure dyspepsia, constipation,
biliousness, flatulency, also
create a hearty appetite, purify
the blood and build up the sys-
tem. Be sure to try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
GUARDS ARREST
MORE CONVICTS
Men Who Escaped From
Leavenworth Prison
Captured.
Hunger Drives One Shackled
Fugitive From His
Cover.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 9.— Armed
guards, aided at many points by farmers,
to-day kept up an unceasing search in the
woods and on the highways in the country
between Leavenworth, Kansas City and
the Kansas River for the convicts fleeing
from the Federal Prison at Fort Leaven
worth. As a result of the days work
threa prisoners were taken, unharmed.
Thla makes a total of twelve captured
thus far, leaving fourteen still at large.
The men taken to-day were: Gus Parker
and David Grayson,. white prisoners sent
up for rive years each for burglary and
larceny, who -were captured three miles
north of Lawrence, Kan., and James Wil
son, colored, also a five-year larceny con
vidt, who was arrested on the outskirts
of i-tavenworth still wearing hlB shackles.
Frank Thompson, the negro leader and
originator of the outbreak, was reported
wounded and captured south of Tonga- j
hoxle, Kan., but this report Is believed to
be v.ntrue.
Surrenders When Hungry.
Wilson was found two miles out from
tho business district of Leavenworth this
morning. He had been hiding in the woods
since Wednesday afternoon, unable to
travel fast because of his shackles, and
was forced from cover by hunger. Par
ker and Grayson were encountered on the
railroad track at Midland, Kan., this even-
Ing by Dave Lewis, a farmer. Parker
carried a revolver but threw It away and
both surrendered meekly and permitted
l.i wis to lead them Into Lawrence.
Three parties of deputies that went out
during the day to locate different batches
of convicts supposed to be surrounded by
farmers, two going from Lawrence and
one from Leavenworth, returned at dark
empty handed. It is believed that the four
teen convicts still at liberty have broken
up into twos and three and scattered to
avoid attracting attention, and thus may
aid them In getting away. It is now pos
sible that some of them may get Into the
Indian Territory before morning.
Grave Charges Await Them.
As fast as the men are captured they
are returned . to the penitentiary and
placed in solitary confinement. When the
condition of the guards shot at the out
break is finally determined the convicts
will be charged with the added crime or
conspiring to kill their guards and possibly
with murder if that charge can be placeu
properly. The dead bodies of Qulnn. Huff
man and Poffenholz will be buried in the
prison grounds.
YVAMEGO, Kan., Nov. 9.— Three of the
escaped Federal convicts held up William
Coder, a farmer, about two miles south
of town this evening at 6 o'clock and
robbed him of his horse and buggy and
most of his clothing. Coder was returning
home from a day's marketing. After the
robbery the men drove rapidly toward the
southeast. One of them left his trousers
behind and they contained the number 24.
A larg« posse in now In pursuit.
A WAITER OF NEWS,
And Will Be a Money-Saving Propo
sition for Those Who Bead This.
The Monarch Clothing Co. that Is situ
ated at 915 Market street, just opposite
Mason, has changed hands. Mr. D. Hy
nan, proprietor of the Monarch, also the
Mechanics' store, 776 Market street, has
sold both stocks, fixtures and good will
to H. Lesser. He In turn will sell both
of these stocks at 915 Market street. Sale
to begin In a few days. These stocks
consist of men's clothing, furnishing
goods, hats and children's clothing. How
and when they will bo sold will be men
tioned later on. Clothing salesmen are
wanted. Apply at once 915 Market street,
opposite Mason. •
Keefe Appears in Court.
C. J. Keefe. painter, Morris avenue, who
was arrested Friday night on a charge
of assault to murder for cutting his wife.
Bliss, Keefe, with a rasor, appeared be
fore Judge Frits yesterday. He was In
structed as to his rights and. as no com
plaint was on file, the case was continued
till next Thursday to await the result of
the wife's injuries.
A Sight on Kearny Street.
An interesting sight on Kearny street
Is a sealskin Jacket for $125 shown by
Berwln ft Gassner, the Kearny-street fur
riers. This garment Is guaranteed genu
ine London dyed sealskin, lined with
heavy brocaded silk, and altogether one
of the best values In a fur garment ever
offered. An electric seal Jacket for $30 is
also attracting considerable attention. A
number of other special values in furs are
nleo to be seen at 110 Kearny street, op
posite White House. •
streets; 2*7 to 215 Third street, north corner of I
Clementina; two lota on City Hall avenue; 1
southeast corner of Pork and BVish streets; 1212 I
to 1226 Polk street: 11 McAllister street, near
th« Junction of Market and Jones; northeast
corner of Butter and (Sough streets; also lots In
the l'otrero. In blocks 18. 19. 20. 21. 22 and 23. I
Eauton, Eldrldg* & Co. will auction
realty next Tuesday at 038 Market street.
The offerings .will Include the following::
No.- 1011 Knight street, near Rroderlck: 1201
1203 Sanchez and Twenty-fifth streets; 2030-2032
Lombard street, near Fllimore; 3422-3424 Nine
teenth street, near Mission; 15M-1&68-1510 Jones
street, near Jackson; 459 Clementina street,
near Sixth; 1769 Post street, near Webster; 2516
McAllister street, near Parker avenue; south
side of Vallejo street, near FUlmnre; lots 33 and
M, Holly Park Tract, north side of Rlchland
avenue. 675 feet east of South avenue.
. Buildings and Leases.
San Francisco architects will be Invited
to compete for designs for the improve
ment, by suitable buildings, of the prop
erty acquired on Market and Geary
streets and Grant avenue from the Blythe
estate by a syndicate. This means that
the old structures on Market and Geary
streets will be replaced by modern build-
Ings. The Improvement will begin on the
land adjoining the site of the Mutual
Savings Bank. :It la estimated that the
series of buildings will cost something like
$3,000,000. a -.
A three story and basement frame
building, to contain three flats, will be
placed by J. J. Martin on the north line
of Washington street, east from Lyon, at
a cost of 17600. •
A two-story frame building Is contract
ed for by T. P. 8. Brown, which will
stand on the west line of Capp street, 160
feet south from Eighteenth street, .which
will contain flats and will cost $5700. .
A $600,000 hotel structure will be erected
at Santa Barbara by E. R. Spauldlng of
Buffalo, N. V., and A. B. Fithlan of Santa
Barbara. '¦-•:- *':,,*••• «»--«.*.• ¦¦¦-i ¦ ¦ >v
The entire tenth floor of the. new Hay
ward building at the northeast corner of
California and Montgomery streets - has
been leased to the Metropolitan Life In
surance Company. ; The company will fit
the premises up as headquarters for the
Pacific ' Coast and will have . very hand
some quarters. It brings a large part of
Its staff from New York to this city.
Bbalnwald, Buckbee * Co., the agents of
the Hay ward building, report that the of
fices are rapidly renting.
The new brick dormitory for nurses at
the French Hospital will cost 113,000. .
A lodging-house of 125 rooms will be
erected on the south line of Eddy street,
west from Taylor, by Henry Kahn.
Six flats will be placed by Louis Fried
lander on the west line of Lark In street,
near Pacific avenue, • V , '
¦v The leasing price of the Rosedale House
at 819 and 821 Bills street is 1325 per month.
, William Well leases to An tone. Jules and
Aleiyandre Vayassle for a term of five
Ve The' Scottish Hall Association has made
two leases. One is to Ruedlger ft Loesch
and the other to William J. O'Brien. The
premises are in the Scottish Hall building
on the west line of Larkln, between Grove
and Birch streets. The leases are for $115
per >'¦¦ month and , $100 per ¦ month, respec
tively.-rr-- '¦•- ¦• — ¦"' <¦"¦¦ ¦••' •-' k -- '¦ 3x-- ¦- -- v ••
Philip C. Meyer, having purchased from
Baldwin ft Howell two lots in El Cerrito
Park, in Ban Mateo County build
there a residence to cost 115,000 approxi
mately. ~ • - » wV^,
¦AJDvJsitTTBgMISNTS.
Twelve
Hundred
Handkerchiefs.
Does Anybody Need Any Handkerchiefs?
One of our Eastern buyers just purchased ioo dozen
sample Handkerchiefs from a New York representative of
one of the largest European manufacturers of fine handker-
chiefs in the world. Every one of these handkerchiefs is a
different pattern and has been used for display purposes in
New York for the past two months. It is needless to say
they are all perfect and of especially good designs, as they
were samples. Some embroidered, some hemstitched, some
lace trimmed, some pure linen, some part linen, some colored
and some white, and, in fact, over iooo different handker-
chiefs in all. We have divided this purchase into two lots
and the sale begins at 8 A. M. to-morrow.
Handkerchief Lot No. 1 —
Regular 25c and 35c handkerchiefs, manufacturer's sam-
ples, no two alike, sale price 15c each
Handkerchief Lot No. 2—
Regular 50c and 75c linen handkerchiefs, no two alike,
sale price 26c each
An Extreme Novelty in Pillow Tops—
An imitation of pyrography or burnt leather — one of the clererest
novelties produced this season— designs of Indians and smoking sub-
jects are reproduced on a new fabric, similar in appearance to leather
— no embroidery necessary — very artistic and very different from any
pillow tops you have ever seen — only a few and only to be procured
at the K. S. & F. stores — pillow top, including back $I.o© each
Pillows made np of these pillow tops, cord trimmed, f0r.. 52.75
An Umbrella Sale-
To-morrow we place on sale 385 royal taffeta silk ttmbrella*—
the silk in these umbrellas is guaranteed not to crack — they have
paragon frames and fancy handles of porcelain, bone, Dresden and
wood — prices range according to handles.
Lot I—regular1 — regular $2. so — special $1.60
Lot 2 — regular $3.00 — special .«M-T5
Lot 33 — regular $.3. 50 — special $2.00
Mail' orders will be filled on any of the above merchandise. See
to-day's Chronicle for ready-made tailor suits, new black and whit*
flannel waists, silk waists and walking skirts.
We have just received the largest part of our autumn assortment
of trimmings in black and white novelties. We advise our customers
to purchase early, as there will be a great demand for black and
white effects during the coming season.
TONGS SETTLE
ALL TROUBLES
All the troubles between the Chin and
Wong families arising out of the murder
of the lookout in Bock Oye's gambling
place a few nUhts ago were settled last
night. When the watchman was killed
the Chin family declared that the mur
derer must be given up to justice or the
lives of five members of the rival family
would be taken.
The feeling Letween the two families
was intensified later by an assault made
upon the wife of Leong Kee at 622 Dupont
street. Although Detectives Ed Glbsor
and George McMahon were detailed upon
the cases they were unable to find any
clew to the peipetrators of the outrages
In order to prevent trouble between the
two factions special officers were detailed
In clt (sen's clothes to watch the district.
A meeting of the two factions was held
last night at the headquarters of the
Chin family, on Washington street. It
lasted more than four hours, and the
hatchet was effectively burled. "What the
terms of the settlement were neither side
would say. but it was evidently satisfac
tory, as a banquet held in an adjoining
restaurant gave evidence. Both sides
pledged fealty to each other In copious
draughts of sam-shu.
As soon as the news was conveyed to
police headquarters orders were given by
acting Chief of Police Wlttman to with
draw the detectives and the special squad.
McKinley Monument Fund.
Contributions to the McKinley memorial
fund were received yesterday as follows:
Market-street Railway Company. J500;
William R. Smedbursr, $10; previously re
ported. 126.173 11; total. $26,683 11.
CURE. YOURSELF AT HOME
RESTORE YOUR HEALTH, STRENGTH, MANHOOD, i
#¦ ___^ __^ B^jL fi o^
GREATEST OFFER EVER MADE TO WEAK MEN.
vTo show how eaaily. Quickly and completely James Bastorstir* Xaffgansla idm
LOST MANHOOD, NERVOUS DEBILITY, VARICOCELE. "
" * ' ajllinat « OLD MAW. _ YOWJIOJbIAM-: ' <Ll
- jfInRBSUMV WMUnf •» S)«-«-i WHISIM, l_M-t WfMNUfBBi
*' _B_i_W<>_^__m Vl»-»r _>4 Tltml P*w«r. ¦*¦__— Jt— P— gs» ••
1 msU^^k^^. |d»|]j #c* M&y H^^BSi
BMSHm^'^BE RfIMW JDJIC4©!* BOW CAOA4KI OC B>9Vf StfISJTTATA_MI ) tSlttA
j Jr^^^^ x j__««_ b^-u»*_-it« i_»i«-~__i«i \ wui aai _»««~* ii
A - _s^> -^. '• I^_^ 1 —s-os«ly-»ssi»l_Ps'-»> —m*— S_-—»«v<-jw •
C^QM t-Lstt^ OUR REMARKABLE OFFER.
JB mlO DAYS' TREATMEMt
l__l .¥___ M —- awMTO^ , _________-sy*
¦nil iittLi
1 'lillil I ¦ I m ¦_¦¦¦¦¦
•JHBiIEmuH _> M tf«> YOUR NAM AM) AOMOS TOOAT.
. aS W^H^<ll A"• a>ary man way ihaxe ta ibU grsnd offsr, nm pas ronnatf
_Ib_L~___H _Bf ff MMnßa\ V <u* lar »° obligations th>tww. W« tu< to show M|M
¦ JaH v iff ' _____T___k* o^£f°?irXMa ofthto 1 uafsiUac tr«*tm«n». Tojt «_• «m
B HMK J^MA M, JMIP^HA ro«r»elt »lhoaa« or at your work. taJMr. MtnreU? and with
_EV V 1 _B-_CT_H_^«_R \ " r_v«H sUtafth, Tijtnr saasj—abood. __ ¦
BrVrBBaaK J liMbH auiialail liaaliiunt will iio fnTTnti It oanot tall.
' 1 B^HJUflaLfl ataf II
Wp_P_S M MMNKfaMMB __ __<¦ Umo coa«cleptloo«lj weonuwnd Jama Baator»U"T« &*Wor-
«¦ BM __H_ . " n___H M _Rh uu — 1 an absolute and jwrjnanont enra for th«aajtUor3aCT
«HA H HB>V IB Mm ¦fl mm ami »«tln«>» that too win do joat o gportßßlty.
nBH Wi ffl MM mW ¦¦ Doa't waltuoUl this o»r la wi th.tr»w«, SoT 4t woa, •*
WMWI^WK_r ; Afu? a feY ten us. «f this wond*rf«l tmtawtmirtU
_^_f______rTM. -li______-r ItsUi If bora an«w. Strsaitß. .manhood, parfeet s_2 . .
?WMVH WT cemptat* la all their bartitoaa^wm b» watowdto 2__t
(JAMES & JAMEB Ca. MiJ^rtaTisT^^^?^
;V; V - /sw#st«<wsjko^
PRESIDENT WILL
URGE CHANGES
CHICAGO. Nor. 9. -The Record
to-morrow will say:
In his message to Congress President
Roosevelt will incorporate several radical
recommendations regarding thm Interstate)
Commerce. Commission and will probably
urge the passage of remedial legislation
which will place the commission In a po
sition to become a power for good In tad
traffic world. Concerning us mattes
Chairman Knapp of the commission, said:
I am reliably Informed that th* President
will treat of the commission Is -his mmvi
and will make some recommendation* to Con
gress that will enable the commission to do
that wblch the law that created it Intended
it should accomplish. There has been bo official
communication between the President and the
commission and I do not want to be understood
as going any further In my . statement than
that I have been told by reliable authorities
that such Is the President's purpose. - I know
that he Is very much Interested in thai subject
and I believe that he la in favor of ttriam the)
commission more power than it now possesses.
The essential facts secured by the In
vestigation which closed to-day are that
railroads east and west cut export rates
constantly and do not publish their ex
port rates; that a condition exists In the
Central Freight Association which mor
ally proves that the roads eastbound from
Chicago are pooling on grain and grain
products; that the cut rates in exports
are due largely to the competition, of
water routes, which are not under the su
pervision of the commission:, that the
bulk of grain for domestic use moves as
export grain, thereby being granted, a
cut rate; that a substantial discrepancy
exists between the rates on grain and
flour, and that hay is a classification
higher than kindred products.
2728
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' EFFORTS IN THE BEHALF
OF CHARITY ARE CROWNED WITH GREAT SUCCESS
MASS-MEETING
FOR YOUNG MEN
An Address on "Ideal
Manhood" by Rev.
E. R. Dille.
Special Services Are to Be
Held at Y. M. C. A.
Other Sermons.
Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the First
M E. Church. Oakland. will address the
mass meeting for young men at the
Young Men's Christian Association this
afternoon. "Ideal Manhood" will be his
subject, it being the day of prayer for
young men in all lands. . . .
Dr. S. J. Elliott will speak at the
Fourth Congregational Church this even-
Ing on the "Evils of Mormonlsm."
Bishop Patridge of Japan will preach
at St. Peter's Church, corner of Stock
ton and Filbert streets, this evening.
Rev. Edward J. Harper, pastor of
Centenary M. E. Church, will preach this
morning on "What Is Truth?" -and in the
evening on "The Crime of Crimes."
Rev. G. B. Stewart, D. P.. president of
the Auburn Theological Seminar}-, New
York, will preach this morning to the con
gregation of Calvary Presbyterian
church.
Rev. Bradford Leavltt of the First
Unitarian Church will preach this morn
leg on "Church Conventions and Pure
Religion."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "What Is Your Aim.
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First U. P.
Church will preach this morning on "Five
F's in Life." and in the evening on "Ex
cuses."
Rev. Mr. Eldredge will address the con
gregation of vary Presbyterian Church
this evening. His subject will be "I Go
a-Fishing."
Rev. .Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "What Is the Supreme Func
tion of the Church?" and in the evening
on "Ancient Pharaohs Brougth Forth by
Modern Preachers."'
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Uses of the Memory or Sor
row," and in the evening on "Marriage
and the Home."
"Mortals and Immortals" will be the
subject of discussion at the First Church
cf Christ, Scientist, this morning.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this evening on
i Christianity a Pleasure. "
Rev F. W. Fischer of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church will preach this
morning on "The Profitableness of Reli
gion," and in the evening on "Behold He
Praj -
Rev. John A B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "Why Things Happen." and
in the evening on "The Mountain We
War.t and Why We Want It."
Rev. F. K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "A
Great Gospel." and in the evening on
"Christ the Friend of Sinners."
Rev F. If. Lark r. of Grace M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
"What Is Religion? " ar.d in the evening
on "The Young Man's Liberty."
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of th» Richmond M.
£. Church will preach this morning on
"A Call to Service," and in the evening
on "Follow Me and I Will Make You
Fishers of Men."
Rev John Stephens of the Simpson M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
•"Why I Am a Christian."
Rev A. C Bane of the California M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
•Personality and Divinity of the Holy
Spirit." end in the evening on "Hidden
From God's Face."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this evening on "The
Short Road to Salvation."
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Revival We Need."
Schoolboy Is Missing.
James T. Sullivan, a schoolboy 15 years
of age, has been missing: from his home,
6 Harriet street, since Sunday. September
2. His father has made every effort to
find him and has visited a number of
places in the Interior, but without avail
He was a pupil of St. Patrick's School
and was not possessed of any bad habits
He was about 5 feet 4 Inches in height and
dressed ln dark clothes.
B.KATSOHINSKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO,
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
Fur Trimmed
Juliets
What every lady requires. Warm
footwear for winter. The days are
growing colder and we have a spe-
cial offer in LADIES' BLACK or
RED FELT FUR-TRIMMED JU-
LIETS that are warm lined. We
have reduced the PRICE TO 75
CENTS. Sizes 3 to 8.
For reoeptloos or swell functions.
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER
VAMP THREE-BUTTON SAN-
DALS, with kid quarters end
French heels. Plain coin toes and
turned 6oleB. Sizes 8 to VA; widths
A to E. THE PRICE *T.3Q.
ALASKA SEAL $3.00 SHOES
for men are absolutely waterproof.
Every pair guaranteed. We are
sole agents.
Country orders solicited.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
Brilliant Record Is Made by
Society Leaders in the
Doll Show.
THE big doll show is over. It fin
ished up last night in a wonderful
burst of glory with all society look
ing on and applauding, and the
Doctor's Daughters elated at the
prospect of a well filled exchequer.
This combination— vaudeville and doll
show— was quite the biggest thing ever
attempted ln an amateur way ln this city,
and its success was immediate and un
qualified.
The rain that came down ln bucketfuls
last evening had no terrors for the many
who had arranged to go to the show. All
the box holders braved the storm and the
fair ones came out in costumes that were
at once the wonder and admiration of
their escorts.
Pretty heads were covered with Jaunty
hats laden down with exquisite plumes,
and it looked as though there was no 6uch
terrible calamity possible as the damp
ness taking the curl out of a feather.
In tfce body of the house there were
a very few empty seats, but that was
rather pleasant than otherwise. It per
mitted some of the hard-worked D. t>.'s
to sit down and enjoy that which they
had planned for the enjoyment of others.
This was a privilege that the tremendous
crowd of the previous night did not al
low. As on the opening night, the Floro
dora sextet was the sensation of the
evening's entertainment. It went. If any
thing, better than on the first evening.
j 'The "pretty maidens" no longer suffered
I from the very slight attack of stage fright
i that embarrassed them on Friday even
ing, and the gentle strangers seemed to
have cawght. som*- of that command of
i spirit that made Frank Rudolph, the star
of the sextet. All in all. the chorus went
even better than it did before, the strang
ers were Jollier and the maidens more
coouetti!>h and artfully coy.
During the <-onvf-nient ten minutes' In
termission the au<lk-r.ce went visiting' from
box to box or wandered out in the lobby
and mad'- plad the hearts of the pretty
maids that h<-!pe<l Mrs. Wakefleltl Baker
at the refreshment booth. They also went
i a -fishing and caught all that there was In
the fish pond. In fact when the doors ot
• the big show r-loscd there was not one doll
j left on th* doll table, not one "fish" in
the pond r.or a "grab" in the bag.
Raffle Necessarily Postponed.
It was Intended that the magnificent doll
house donated by the Misses Grace and
Lillian Spreckels should be raffled off af
ter the evening's programme was exhaust
ed, but fifty tickets that could not be
accounted for— tickets that some D. D.
had taken to sell outside the show— made
the postponement of the raffle necessary.
Mlts Grace Spreckels, radiant in a pale
embroidered yellow chiffon gown, stood
valiantly at her post beside the wondrous
doll house p.ll evening and sold raffle tick
ets. The young lady was down to her
last hundrc-d tickets when Thomas H.
TRIAL OF A CASE
IN THE WOODS
Curious Feature of a
Murder Inquiry in
Missouri.
GALENA, Mo., Nov. 9.— James Crab
tree, charged with complicity in the mur
der last June- of Alice Btailions. a young
girl, was to-dfcy found guilty and his sen
tence was fixed at ten years in the peni
tentiary. Mrs. Thomas Crabtree, the
prisoner's stepmother, and xhomai Crab
tree and his son William are still to be
tried for complicity in the crime.
Alice Stallions, the victim, was the 16
year-old stepdaughter of Thomas Crab
tree. Bhe had trouble with her folks be
cause she permitted the attentions of a
neighboring farmer whom they disliked.
Later the body of the girl was found
floating In the James River with the neck
broken and bearing other marks of ill
usage. It was charged that her half
brothers had assaulted and then helped
to murder her. The affair created a sen
sation and there was talk of lynching tha
quartet.
Jhe trial of June* Crabtre© Attracted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
Williams Jr. marched up to her and satd:
"Any tickets not disposed of, Miss
Spreckels?"
"Why. yes," said the lady; "there axe
about — "
"Never mind the number," said Will
iams. "I'll take them all."
One thousand tickets in all have been
disposed of for the house raffle, and the
Doctor's Darghters will be $500 the richer
for the splendid doll's mansion.
Whoever is fortunate enough to win the
house will have with it the best samples
of the work of Reid Brothers, architects,
who designed the house; Kruker. who
bullded the house and. by the way, do
nated it: Sloane, who laid the carpets
and hung the draperies; Clark, who pa
pered it, and Llebes, who manufactured
the beautiful white- bear rug that covers
the inlaid reception room floor.
The three dolls that were raffled off
were won as follows: Miss Bodelle, the
doll donated by Schoenwasser: Mrs.
Phipps. the bastinette donated by Miss
Kate May Dillon, and Miss Lurllne Mat-
THREE CHILDREN WHO TOOK PART IN THE DOLL SHOW YESTERDAY.
son the Magnln doll. The winners will
find their dolls waiting for them at the
residence of Mrs. Frank D. Bates, corner
of Clay and Broderick streets.
Charles Dickman and Dr. Shlels suc
cessfully auctioned off several beautiful
dolls that were destined to fall by the
auctioneer's hammer. The dolls brought
from H to 13 and found ready purchasers.
Mr. Dlckman's star achievement as an
auctioneer was the disposing of a framed
copy of an old print for 126 50. A. J.
Hechtman was the purchaser.
Gowns of the Guests.
Some very elegant gowns were worn last
evening. Mrs. Joseph 8. Toblh was at
tired In a magnificent black net gown, all
people from miles around Galena and the
courtroom, being inadequate to accommo
date the crowds, the case was tried in a
grove.
SUNSET LIMITED RESUMES.
Overland Trains on the Coast line.
Commencing on December 6 the famous
"Sunnet Limited" train will make tri
weekly trips, with equipment and serv
ice unsurpassed.
No effort will be spared to keep this
train fully up to the high standard at
tained in past seasons.
The route via New Orleans steadily in
creases in popularity with the traveling
public, and the growth of the oil. rice and
other industries In that section adds ad
ditional Interest to this winter transconti
nental trip.
On same date overland train service
will be Inaugurated on the Coast Line via
Monterey, San Luis Oblspo and Santa
Barbara, and this route will be followed
by the "Sunset Limited" In its flight to
New Orleans and New York.
T. H. Goodman,
~ A ... ~ General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCormlck,
Passenger Traffic Manager.
No More Plague in Glasgow.
GLASGOW, Nov. 9.— The authorities are
satisfied that the bubonic plague has been
stamped out. The last case of the die
ease reported was placed in a hospital
November 1, and the period of Incubation
expires to-day.
In eleven cases out of a dozen the char
ity that begin* at home itopi there.
a-glltter with silver spangles. She wore
with this dress a large white hat trimmed
with Immense white plumes.
Mtss Jennie Blair looked very handsome
In a Jet-spangled gown. Her hair was
dressed high, with a white aigrette for
ornament.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin wore an exquisite
black satin gown. The corsage was elab
orately trimmed with exquisite point lace.
Miss Therese Morgan was attired In a
pale blue silk gown trimmed with lace.
With this dress she wore a very stunning
black velvet hat.
Miss Edith Preston looked extremely
pretty In a white silk gown, with largo
white hat trimmed with white plumes.
Miss Ruth McNutt wore a very hand
MACCABEES MUST
DO PROSECUTING
Arrest of Ex-Supreme
Finance Keeper Is
Expected.
PORT HURON. Mich., Nov. 0.-It de
velops that If Charles D. Thompson, ex
supremo finance keeper of the Supreme
Tent, Knights of the Maccabees, who em
bezzled 160,000 from the order, is to be
prosecuted the Maccabee officials will have
to take the Initiative. By the terms of
Thompson's bond with the Fidelity and
Deposit Company of Baltimore, which
was ln force when most of the money was
stolen, the organization must apply for
the warrant in the event of a defalcation
and prosecute with the assistance of the
bonding companies. Supreme Counselor
D. D. Altken has all the necessary papers
in his hands and Thompson's arrest is
expected soon.
Dr. L. K. Sisler of AJcron, 0., was select
ed this afternoon to succeed Thompson
as finance keeper.
No Light on Bobbery.
Detective T. B. Olbson, who was do
tailed to investigate the alleged hold-uj?
some blue crepe gown trimmed with lace,
and a big blue tulle hat trimmed with
long blue plumes.
Mrs. Gus Taylor's gown was of a very
pale blue chiffon and was trimmed with
Insertions of lace and Jet. The hat worn
with this gown was of white lace.
Mrs. Will Taylor looked magnificent ln
pale pink chiffon, with hat and plumes to
match. She carried an Immense bunch
of American Beauty roses.
M.ISB Margaret Salisbury was very pret
ty ln a gown of pink moussellne over pink
silk.
Mrs. Linda Bryan looked stunning ln a
red chiffon gown, with a big red hat to
match.
Mrs. Samuel Knight wore a very hand-
near Ingleslde Friday night, visited 299
Hyde street and discovered that the vic
tim, who gave the name of A. Harring
ton, was Charles Brockway, a psychic
professor, who has rooms there. Gibson
took him to Captain Seymour and he per
sisted that he had been robbed and that
the lady who was with him had given up
her Jewels to the robber. He declined to
nay who she was. He was taken to tho
City Prison and was shown James H.
Kelly, who was arrested after the rob
bery on suspicion, and declared he was
the man, although he had worn a mask.
The only thing against Kelly besides
Brockway's statement Is that he had a
piece of canvas concealed under his vest
when arrested which might have been
thrown over the face. Gibson Is still In
vestigating.
CHARITY MTNSTBEL SHOW
A FINANCIAL SUCCESS
In spite of the bad weather, there was
quite a large attendance at the minstrel
show given last evening ln Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s Hall for the benefit of the Eman
uel Sisterhood and the Girls' Club. Each
charity will receive a nice little sum from
the proceeds.
The programme, which was published
ln yesterday's Call, was long and varied.
The young people taking part kept their
promise and gave a good evening's en
tertainment. The musical numbers camo
ln for special commendation and the
three-act drama, "Dr. Jekyll and Mrs
Hyde," was voted a success.
How to Get Evans' Ale.
If the nearest dealer cannot supply you write
at once to Sherwood A Sherwood, Pacific Coast
Agents, Ban Francisco. Los Angeles. Portland.*
Amateurs Score
a Hit in the
Sextet.
some gown of pink satin, trimmed with
lace. •
Following Is the evening's programme ln
full:
Overture, Hub«r'B Orchestra; vocal quartet.
C. H. Lamberton, Clarence T. Wendell. Dr. J.
F. Smith. E G. Mac Bain; Frederick G. Bot
tum, sketch artist: William Hyne». humorous
selections; accompanist Miss Katheryn Mad
den; Dr. Guido E. Caglierl. tenor solo; son*.
"Forbidden Music," 8. Csstaldon; Bothwell
Browne, danre, in his celebrated impersona
tion of Carmen; the Misses Theresa and Lily
Sherwood, mandolin and rultar duet, "L*
Revell dv Lion" (De Kontskl); Mrs. Richard
Bayne. soprano solo, accompanied by Miss
Mary Genevleve Maroney; Julian Thorne Im
personation of Sousa; tableau. Miss Marie
. Wells; "Aubad* a la Flancle," Frank Lam
bert.
The children owned the show in the
afternoon. The little ones were out ln full
force and formed the majority of the au
dience a;id of the entertainers. They
stood in wide-eyed wonder oefore the
marvelous doll house, gathered admiring
ly around the doll tables, patronized the
grab bag. the fish pond and the refresh
ment booth. Altogether they had a splen
did time. .
The afternoon's programme was as fol
lows:
"When I Leave Town," Carrie Manning;
Cakewalk. Gladys Montague and Prosper For
rest; banjo solo. Will Brodle; specialties, Lil
lian Levy and Arthur Parent; song and buck
and wing dance, little Ruth MaKutre; Tyrolean
du«>t Helen Darling and Elsie Koch; specialty,
Mrs W A. Deane; Spanish dance. Flossy
-' ' *
I Gardner; tons and dance. Harold Borchen;
selections. Mandolin Club.
N JUTCH B ito. J flfl I Bsr^U bsssHb^bW
.^BSy^ iy sfc \f^flivsjsS^s^^»sfcu. /^H h\
f^Sf JflßSai SSShIb^BB iMH^H bsssssss^ Xif Vitm AW! bssssssssss^B^B^B .¦¦¦¦¦»
-jflMslW S^^BBBBnP'C^BBbUI^EbbS^B^BBhI.VbmEj sßsf TV II ' BBBBBM BBBBBT^
These Three Garments |
On Sale This Week,
An Elegant Electric r < col Jacket -
These Jackets are made of selected skins and cut in the very new-
est styles They are 22 inches long, have high storm collar lid re-
veres, and very careful attention Is given to every detail In theE
workmanship Lined with heavy satin and very similar In appear-
.v.. v. Seal Cape Special--
v. We illustrate a Baltic seal cape, with an astrakan yoke and two
heads and four tails, which we propose to place on special sale th?«
„ week. Elegantly lined with line quality he black 2t5T and ui Tt!
the usual standard of a Llebes garment. On sale all week.
14-inch Hi ft Rn°
16-lnch •|V*KX
ls-inch I!!.'!!!!!!!!!!!! ialso
A Corarette Spscial— """
In addition to the cape and Jacket we will place on sale this week
winf-nnrftih^nV^V 6 !;**. 1 R*' iWration. These collarette. a 7? mad?
Prtco,, ........_.„.___... ,6.00 «C
'»h.?h«TM. v ™,.K Mr»m r», t0 send ln your orders by mall.- Don't wait until
the holiday rush. Our stocks are now complete, and we have every-
•^2?f ihinmVn y - SIXe Tf lnUitr ted ln our catalogue, and can make
diate shipments. If you have not a catalogue by all means send for
I TheJ^rgcgt exeju^ve fur Kou»c.ln tKe wpr^
SEEK IMPROVED
MAIL SERVICE
Three Counties Looking
to Washington for
Help.
Eureka and Arcata Desire
Greater Speed and *
Security.
Sixty thousand California n* dwelling In
Mendoclno, Humboldt aad D*l Norte
counties are looking toward in* national
capital with longing eye» ajwi oopuig mac
the Postofflce Department wul give them
better mall facilities Uua t&ey now en-
Joy. Their daily mall comet by stage
route, and the condition* are such toat
they are not served nearly as well as
they might be. The star rout* over woicii
their mail matter travels Is pronounced
by those who know to be the most im
portant of any in the United titates. The
contract will soon be let again. Tbs
present indications are tnat to* postal
authorities at Washington wiu be xc
quested to make certain restrictions when
the specifications are drawn up. Tha
route is now from Ukiah to Scotia. Under
an arrangement with the Pacific Lumber
Company passengers and freight will b»
carried on the company's trains, and nine
miles of the worst part of the stage road
beyond Pepperwood will be cut off.
The near completion of the tracks of
the Northwestern road to Wllletts from
Ukiah will cut off another twenty-four
miles. Still there will be more than 100
miles of staging through a country
abounding ln water courses, many of
which are without bridges, and the rains
ln winter time are very heavy. While
the cut-offs mentioned will reduce tne
time for the transportation of the malls
by stage, there are other conditions of
which the people are loudly and with a
strong show of Justice complaining.
The mail pouches travel in wagons that
permit them to be exposed to the Inclem
ency of the weather. They frequently are
wet through and letters are reduced to a
pulpy condition, that is very unsatisfac
tory. Eureka, Arcata and other commu
nities have only the stage route to bring
them daily malls, the steamer service
averaging only one delivery in every two
and one-half days. The people now wish
the Postofflce Department to provide that
the malls on their routes shall be carried
ln fit wagons, so built that the letters and
papers shall have protection from the
weather.
They say that there should be employed
regular mall wagons, vehicles cov
ered with Iron screens and locked,
so that no one can gain accejj
to them except the. Postmasters
along the route. They also ask that
the mall and the passenger and freight
service shall be distinct. The stages that
carry the mall, they say. should not
transport passengers or freight. To give
them the proper speed ln transit they
should have four horses for every part of
the road. The new contract for four
years will be let within the next thirty
days, which makes the matter one ot ur
gency.
Off for Mexico.
The number of inquiries now being reg
istered at Southern Pacific ticket offlcs
by applicants for berths on the second
annual holiday excursion to the City of
Mexico December 18 indicates that the
trip Is going to prove a very popular one.
The old-time attractions of Mexico have
not been dimmed by contact with outer
civilization.
The Christmas season there Is highly
colored by many brilliant and imposing
ceremonies, both civic and religious, con
tinuing for several day*. No better op
portunity could be found for mak'ng a
trip to the southern republic
Swedish American BaiL
The Swedish-American Social Club gays
a ball last night in Union Square Hall.
421 Post street. Although the weather in
terfered somewhat with the attendance,
a pleasant evening was passed. Those ln
charge of the affair were: H. P. Fors
berg, Mrs. A. Carlson. Miss Aug. Berlin.
Anton Carlson. Mrs. N. Olssen. Algot An
derson, Miss Clara Johnson and Hjalmar
Mattson.PRIMARY LAW
IS THREATENED
Another Contest in the
Supreme Court Is
Probable.
rs Scheming to Seize
the Next State Con
vention.
Before another regular election takes
place the legrislatlve and Congressional
district lisios must be readjusted to con
mi to the new apportionment law. The
ne» aot will take effect January l next
aiid Immediately thereafter the Registrar
, I Voters will probably set about th«
w. rk of preparing the new district map
Tho 1 . a«?n County Committee, which
conducted the recent /campaign for the
Republican nominees, goes out of exist
ence on the first of the year. It is to be
succeeded by a committee created by the
late convention cf which Thomas D. Rior
d*n was chairman. At least that is the
present programme of the machine politi
cians. The committee by going into pow
tr on January 1, SJSB, will expect to dl
rect the party machinery for : the two
; ears following, or for a space embracing
:he gubernatorial election of 1902 and the
municipal election of 1903. If the new
primary election law stands the Supreme
Court test the machine politicians will fle
nve no advantage through mastery of the
cnamittee, but if the boss scheme for
.rowing the law prevails the com
mittee may be useful in devising plans for
selecting delegates to the nominating
conventions.
It Is common rumor in the boss camp
mat the «xlsi*ng primary election law
will be knocked out by the Supreme
Court. Independent, anti-boss Republi
cans should take the hint in time ana
prepare to defend the law. The bosses
are on the down grade now, and should
ie kept on the downward run. In tha
r&nks of the anti-boss Republicans are
•:.ar.y able lawyers, who may be able to
convince the Supreme Court that th«
present law is constitutional. The primary
law which was overthrown by the court
la 1900 was not supported by its friends
hrBE It should have been. The case on be
fcaU of the politicians was prepared in the
;&w office of W. C. Van Fleet. The knowl
edge of law exhibited in the pleadings
¦was not derived from Mr. Van Fleets
repertoire, but was contributed by a iaw
yer employed in the office. The case,
however, went ugalnst the people and foi
the machine politicians. In the next con
test before the Supreme Court the people
•na> win out and the politicians "get
left." •
A great triumph for the principles of
cood povernment was achieved by the de
feat of the bosses last Tuesday, but citi
zens who voted, against boss usurpation
must be en their guard to preserve the
fruits cf the victory. It is essential that
the primary election law. Imperfect as H
Is. should not be set aside.
I EADIXG PBIJSBXI'KKTATf
DIVINE VISITS THE CITY
E<"v George B. Stewart of Auburn,
N. V.. Will Speak Here on
Evangelistic Work.
Rev George B. Stewart, president of
ItM Presbyterian Theological Seminary at
Auburn. N. V. , Is at the Palace. Rev.
Mr Stewart is visiting the coast in the
interests of the General Assembly's com
rtittee on evangelistic work and he will
deliver several addresses here on the sub
let prior to his departure for Los Ange
eo. Portland, Seattle, Tacoma and other
points on the coast. Rev. Mr Stewart is
accompanied by his wife.
When questioned by a Call reporter last
night. Rev. Mr. Stewart said that his aim
m coming here was to stimulate the
Presbyterian churches to aggressive work
:n the direction of evangelization. The
plan was to have all the churches hoWl
special services of from two to three
weeks' duration throughout the winter.
On his way West Rev. Mr. Stewart ad
dressed the pynods and presbyteries at
Kansas City. Denver and Salt Lake City
with gratifying results.
The Auburn Seminary Is one of the old
est in America, and from It have been
graduated many of the best known Pres
tytcrian clergymen. Its Junior class
numbers sixty pupils, the limitation being
seventy-five. During the current year
twenty-one applicants were refused ad
mission into the Institution. Rev. Mr.
Stewart will preach in Calvary Church
ihis morning on the subject. "What th»
Church Stands For." He will address the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association to
morrow morning.
ImO HOPE HELD OUT FOB
C H I f.tr STTLLIVAJBrS LIFE
Doctors Say His Death Is Only a
Question of a Few Hours.
Reports from the bedside of Chief of
Police Sullivan during the night were of
% very disquieting nature, and his attend
*jr physicians held out but little hope, If
*ny. for his recovery. Doctors Bazet and
¦-: lv.f-y were in attendance throughout
•he night, and the sick man's family
wer* Fathered in adjoining rooms, await
ing the last summons.
So rapid has b*-en the change for the
worse In th«» Chief's condition since Thurs
day mominsr that all medical science
could do to rally him from his comatose
ptate ha« proved unavailing. Heart
trouble, together with softening of the
brain. Is what the physicians have to
contend with. The sick man's consti
tution. nev«»r Impaired by excesses, is
making a gallant though apparently un
successful struggle.
Sagar's Slayer Sentenced.
TACOMA. Not — In the Superior
Court to-day Judge Snell sentenced Rlley
B SmaUwood. convicted of manslaughter
for the killing of A. M. Sagar. to six
years In the penitent A. P. Vance,
convicted of murder in the first degree,
was not sentenced owing to a motion for
5. new trial.
GRAPE-NUTS.
KEEN COLLEGE MEN.
The Food of Harvard Brain-Workers
and Athletes,
Memorial Hall at Harvard, where some
¦* welve hundred of the men eat, is particu-
larly Interesting. The dining-room in an
enormous gothic hall finished in old Eng-
tab oak with wide, stained glass windows
on the fides. The walls are hung with
portrait* of illustrious graduates and
benefactors of past generations.
The students have good food to eat and
I'lonty of it. The hall is run on a co-
< r>*ratlve plan, so that it costs something
i'-Es than four dollars a week for board. To
iris place three times a day come men
whose lives for the time being are -given
"» rerious intellectual work and to accom-
plish this they are keen enough to realize
:hat proper food is absolutely necessary.
One is particularly struck by the yellow
packages of Grape-Nuts standing on near-
ly every table, which the men purchase
at grocery stores and bring in for their
;> • -ma! use. They quickly find out by
practical demonstration that brain work
« xhautits the phosphates and that nature
<!' mands that this loss be made up and
made up from food.
Grape-Nuts Is ready to be used wlth-
out cooking; it Is a scientific food which
uouriehes and builds up the brain and is j
erticulariy suited to the needs of stu-
at». 4
Th« varsity athletes also eat It to keep
their digestive organs In perfect working
• rdcr so that they can stand the great
strain of both body and head work' when-
Important contests shall come.
CHARLES J. KING SURRENDERS
HIMSELF ON CHARGE OF FELONY
m
Prosecution of the Man Who Was Con
cerned With Elie J. Cote in Failure of
California Packing Company Is Unlikely
EX-SECRETARY OF CALIFORNIA PACKING COMPANY, WHO FLED
WHEN THE CORPORATION FAILED AND WHO SURRENDERED
YESTERDAY TO THE POLICE.
HARLES J. KING, the former sec
(l retary of the Pacific Vinegar and
(I . Pickle Works and the California
Packing Company, who fled from
San Francisco In April. 1900. fol
lowing the collapse of the latter corpo
ration, and for whose arrest warrants
were issued at that time, surrendered him
self yesterday to Detective Tom Gibson
at police headquarters.
The charge for which King was wanted
was based on a complaint sworn to by
Frederick Scbumacker, assistant secre
tary of the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Company, in which King was accused of
stealing $350. The warrant was Issued on
April 24, 1900, but when the police officers
went to King's residence he was missing.
Yesterday Attorney Henry E. Hlghton.
accompanied by King, called at police
headquarters and King gave himself Into
custody. He gave cash bail in the sum
of $100, the amount fixed by Judge Ca
baniss when the warrant was issued, and
was soon at liberty.
The reappearance in this city of King
recalls a sensational failure In business
circles early last year.
King, who was the son of James King
of William, the noted pioneer, who was
killed by James Casey, who, In turn, was
hanged by tne Vigilantes, was prominent
in business, social and church circles, lie
was secretary ot the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works and also of the California
Packing Company. The former organiza
tion dominated the California Packing
Company ana supplied it with material
and encouraged It in trade.
Ell© J. Cote was president of the Cali
fornia Packing Company, while Sidney M.
bmith was president Of th« Pacific Vine
gar and PicKle Works. On April 20, IsOO.
the business community was wtartled by
the news that the California Packing
Company had railed, being unable to meet
a demand for *2WJ. Charges of fraud and
conspiracy soon nlle<i me air, and an in
vestigation of the affair* of the two cor
porations developed an amazing state of
affairs.
Make Contradictory Statements.
The creditors of the California Packing
Company had the books exported ajnd v
was found mat the company owed -v. large
sum of money to the Pacific Vinegar ana
Pickle Work.-. The men at the head ot
the corporation contradicted • each other
as to the amount of the Indebtedness. The
figures showing the indebtedness varied
from $30,000 to Ki.OO'J, but the experts final
ly decided on $24,000 as the amount, 'mat
tne books of tne. California Packing Com
pany had been falsified wan proven by
the experts who worked on the books.
The accounts of the packing company
were as Intricate as a Cninese puzzle and
glaring discrepancies were alleged. It was
round that Kile J. Coie, president of the
California Packing Company, had secured
Indorsements of his father-in-law, A. B.
Patrick, the well-known tanner, to notes
amounting to $(6,u00. Large sums of
money, which It was claimed had been,
paid by the California Packing Company
to the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works,
were found to have never reached the lai
ter firm. . .
Kile J. Cote was accused of having util
ized the money of the California Packing
Company for his own purposes and it wan
claimed that he had lout many thousands
of dollars on horse races, prizo fights,
stocks and high living.
It was claimed that when Cote needed
money he went to his father-in-law, Pat
rick, who was ill in bed. and induced him
to indorse not' for large sums. Cote
was accused of securing the Indorsements
by representing that the money was need
ed to pay the debts of the California
Packing Company to the Pacific Vinegar
and Pickle Works.
The notes were discounted by Cote an 1
King with various banks, and Just what
became of the proceeds the Investigating
creditors were unable to discover.
While Patrick's sons were trying to find
out how much their father had lost by
Cote's duplicity the San Francisco Na
tional Bank took a hand In the affair.
Cote and King were accused of having
secured loans from the bank by gross
fraud, and the police were asked to find
the two men. Neither Cote nor King
could be located, and the Investigation
by the creditors of the packing company
disclosed disaster on disaster In the af
fairs of the collapsed corporation. Cote
was accused of having ruined his father
in-law, Patrick, while King stood accused
of embezzlement of thousands of dollars
belonging to the California Packing Com
pany * King and Cote Missing.
King and Cote could not be found by
the police," and a reward was offered for.
Information' leading to the arrest of King.
Thousands of circulars were sent all over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
the world containing a picture and de
scription of King.
Further charges were made against
King, who was looked upon as the arch
promoter in the transactions that hail
wrecked the California Packing Company
While the police were looking for King
his associate. Cote, turned up in the c'.t/
a few days after the collapse of the pack
ing firm. Cote "stood pat" and declare 1
that he was Innocent of all wrong doing.
He asserted that his firm had lost money
in legitimate ways and that he could
prove himself innocent of any complicity
In th* dealings of King.
After a few days' excitement the affairs
of the California Packing Company were
lost to public view. The business* of the
collapsed firm was taken as an asset by
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works.
That corporation was called upon to
make good many of the notes given to It
by Cote's company and Indorsed by his
father-in-law. Patrick is estimated to
have lost more than $100,000 by the deal-
Ings of his son-in-law, and sympathy was
expressed on all sides for the ruined
man.
In the absence of King no steps, were
taken against Cote, who Is now traveling
for a wholesale firm. Six weeks after
King fled from San Francisco he was lo
cated In Toronto. Canada. Detective Tom
Gibson, who had charge of the case. In
formed the directors of the Pacific Vine
gar and Pickle Works of the whereabouts
of Kin?, but the officers of the corpora
tion took no steps to bring him back to
this city.
When King surrendered himself yester
day to Gibson the detective said to him:
"I knew where you were six weeks after
you left, but the firm did not seem anx
ious to get you back."
"It-was all a mistake," replied King
with a smile, "and I will prove my Inno
cence."
Detective Gibson stated yesterday that
he did not think King would be prose
cuted and believed that the whole matter
had been settled by King and the officer.*
of the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works.
May Not Be Prosecuted.
Secretary Schumacker of the Pacific
Vliiespr and Pickle Works expressed sur
prise to hear that King was In the city.
Schumacker stated that many erroneous
statements had been made when the Cali
fornia Packing Company collapsed.
"It Is not true." said Bchumneker. "that
Cote's father-in-law, Patrick, lost a large
sum of money by indorsing notes for
Cote's firm. It was nil a mistake. The
firm I am with lost heavily by having to
make those notes good to the banks that
had discounted them. Patrick could not
meet them, and we had to do It. We
were deceived by Patrick's rating at
Bradstreet's, otherwise we would not nave
taken those notes."
Schumacker denied that his firm had
ever authorized the Issuance of a circular
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured of Piles
After Many Years.
Mrs. D. E. Reed of Albany says: "I
would not take $600 and be placed back
where I was before I used the Pyramid
Pile cure; I suffered for years and it Is
now 18 months since I used it and not the
slightest trace of the trouble has re-
turned." For sale by all druggists. I,l l tie
book "Piles, Causes and Cure" mailed
free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.
CRUELLY SLAYS
NON-UNION MAN
Unknown Assassin Kills
Otto M. Ekberg With
Piece of Pipe.
Deals Murderous Blow and
Then Smiles at His
Bloody Deed.
Otto M. Ekbefg, a non-union teamster,
was cruelly . murdered last evening at
Third and townsend streets. He was
struck on the head with a gasplpe fully
two feet long by some unknown man.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Ekberg left the
barn of his' employers, on Townsend
street, and was proceeding along Third
tsreet when his j murderous assailant
sneaked up behind him and struck the
fatal blow. . After the unfortunate man
had fallen to the ground, face downward,
the assassin turned his body over and
took a good look at him. With a satisfied
smile, as though pleased with his bloody
work, the man ran down the street and
made his escape. The assassin had hard
ly disappeared when Ekberg breathed his
last. -.-
Witnessed the Murder.
The only witness to the murder was
Mrs. Alma Miller of 32 Clyde street. She
'was on her way to here home when Ek
berg was struck down. Her story of the
tragedy is as follows: .
"'I was walking along Third street when
I noticed a man following the one who
was killed. I noticed the fellow take a
piece of pipe from under his coat, and,
sneaking up behind his unsuspecting vic
tim, strike him a terrible blow on the
head with it. ' ' %
"As the man who I now know was Ek
berg fell lifeless to the ground the mur
derer turned the body over and took a
look at his face. With a smile that !>.•
t'nV e complete satisfaction the assassin
Un aif the gas pipe away and ran along
Rich street toward Brannan. I do not
think I would be able* to identify him if
he in arrested. He appeared to be a young
man and wore a dark suit of clothes. He
had his coat collar turned up and wore
his hat — a dark slouch one — pulled down
over his eyes. He evidently did not think
anybody was looking at him. as he .'.id
not appear In any great hurry to leave
the scene."
Ekberg. Shot a Striker.
During the big strike Ekberg was given
employment by W. P. Fuller as a team
ster. While he nnd another non-union
man were walking along Grant avenue
about two weeks before the strike was
settled they encountered over twenly
1 union men. who at once attacked them.
'Bkberg and his* friend dr,ew their revol
vers and fired Into the crowd, wounding
one of the attacking party In the leg. lie
was arrested for the shooting, but as it
was shown that he had acted In self de
fense- he was released. Since then Ekberg
lived in fear of being maimed or killed
by the men at whom he tired the shots.
As soon as the murder was reported to
Captain Seymour he sent Detectives Tom
I Gibson and HammllT to the scene. They
| made a thorough Investigation, but were
i unable to get any trace of the murderer.
offering a reward for the arrest of King.
Detective Gibson stated yesterday that
•Home of the directors of the Pacific Vino
gar and Pickle Works had approved the
circular before It was printed.
It was learned yesterday evening that
j King arrived In the city a few days ago
i and that he had been seen around town
during the week. That ho will be proeo
ruted ¦••ins unlikely, judging- from the
Indifference of the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works. .
I] Secretary Schumacker -/>f_the Pacific
Vinegar and Pickle Works stated yester
day that he could not say whether or not
King would be prosecuted an the charge
of embezzling *•.». which ho (Sihumack
er) had sworn to last year. ¦¦.-• -.» '-
"The matter to last year, the directors,"
'he matter rests with the directors."
he raid, "and until they met J cannot
say anything In the matter^* 1 ? " ; "> ¦
When Schumacker was naked if King
had not made a settlement with the Pa
cific Vinegar and Pickle works. in order
to avoid prosecution, ho answered:
"It may be that it has been done, but I
do not know of It. Perhaps some of our
directors may have done this, but if ho it
has not been reported to me. I cannot
give any further information on the mat
ter until I am authorized to do so by the
directors of my company."
Attorney High ton's Explanations.
Attorney Henry E. Hlghton stated last
evening that King never had any reason
to leave San Francisco, and that he hnd
been accused of offenses of which he was
perfectly Innocent.
"King was secretary In name only of
the California Packing Company." said
Attorney Hlghton, "and was not con
cerned In the manipulations of Cote, the
president of the company. The books of
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Company
disclosed an overdraft of about 17000.
King was of a nervous nature and he
fled front the city when ho should have
remained. It Is possible that he mlg>U
have cleared. up many of the discrepan
cies In the books of his firm. There will
be no prosecution on the charge of steal
ing $350. on which King surrendered him
self to-day. ? *» ~
"The Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Com
pany secured judgment against. him In the
Bum of $7000 to reimburse Itself on the
overdraft. On an execution the company
obtained possession of King's library and
valuable data of the early days of Cali
fornia, which he inherited from his fath
er. The execution has not been sufficient
to satisfy the Judgment, but the company
I* acting very fairly in the matter. It is
possible that King can explain many de
tails and reduce the amount of the over
draft. King was always devoted to his
family and when not at his business he
was at his home. * ,
"He never visited a racetrack In his life
and was never known to gamble or dissi
pate. It Is unfortunate for him that he
left San Francisco. If he had remained
every charge against him would have
been cleared up. He hns not been guilty
of any criminal action, and the most that
can be Bald against him Ib that he wo*
carelesH In his business methods. 1 hav»t
been told many timed •by the Judge who
It-surd the warrant against him and by
the attorneys for the Pacific Vinegar and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FfiffoiSir
A Dost Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor i j
to Hen. \
A Free Trial Packa?e Sent by Mall
t^Ail^Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
ablu leinedy are being mailed to all who
will write the . State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering. of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided )to distribute free - trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
trem youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. •. : • t
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the 111s and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases : A request to the State Medical
Institute*. U8 Blektron < building. Fort
Wayne, IndV, stating that you desire one
of their free trial ; packages, will be . com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men ,
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will •• enable
them to see how easy It Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper : reme-
dies are employed. i The Institute makes
no restrictions. ¦-> Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear -of embarrassment lor . pub-
licity. , Readers - are requested &to write
, without delay.
JOB ROSEJTBERCHa. | JOE BOSENBZRCHS. j '- JOB BQgnragßCKl.
firx of ribbon
\y/ V*Y oug t from an overstocked manu- /\ V
VI / I s&L facturer at less than the cost of the \J \ _^5 I
ly p| %M^;\ silk to manufacture it with— a few (j k Vlsr 1
1 **¦' m v of the many offerings to show you I
f how we are going to sell them. 1
I b&^tlVf^ rlbb^: T A : N M e Srs?™ #rl Sscr HAMDKips DIRECT mv mm *' t
f SeU^^^ I
m call them a bargain. The way we t^lka dot effects, all pure silk: all KERCHIEFS; soft bleached, neat 1
I buy the way we sell 7c a yard the new fa 1 colorings such pink narrow hemstlched hems. When you I
§ NEXT-300 boxes of ALL-SILK 2nd has a fine luster-the kind that *2fc th m you ' be « lad you «*«* sf
¦ TA'PPKTA RIBBON, number 16. 2* l 8 «> popular. It Is 6% Inches wide. * n » »<»• at this price 10c I
¦ inches wide;, corded edge: so If you If we d , d nQt buy theM ribbonB a j. Another, and Good One, Too. I
¦ desire to flute >< you need only^ pull a forced gale we would not be able LADIES' EXTRA HEAVY LINEN I -
% S.'Jfpw o^* n J JSJ£f, ri '£hP. Main's to Bell thU rlDbon under "c- You HANDKERCHIEFS. hemstitched. I
1 n«X««t Or «h2dS- Sfhiti^ream cannot resist them at this price.2sc hand embroidered corners. If we 1
'M newest snp.aes, white, cream, pinx, did not buy them direct from the M
¦ ribbons at this price .B>«ayara WHY HOT HAVE COMFORT AHD vertlse, no disappofntment. at.. 1O« I
¦ ribbons at this price. .....BHc a yard HFALTH FflQ A I ITTI F ? vertlse. no disappointment. at..lOC M
1 LIKE A COHTINUED STORY, " ull ladjes. DREBBINO COLLARS 85c INSTEAD OF 25c. 1
,ff Our offerings grow mire interring itA ?™ CK^Tf^ Mad f,i L^T FOR THE BEST MAKE OF V
2 irom day to day. J?^' striDed efderdown deen EARL & WILSON'S; each and M
A r^ SKIRT LADIES> FLANNEL " sreTv O ershc CC n 1 pa r tterr o 't every collar is branded E. & shaped I
1 HOC* for a LAUiEic j? ijAXNiN Jiiij- i«i V-IA -turnover coiiar, new «i,»~" a ii »»»•<• maamnn'm non>^«« -i,™—^., • I
«k T--7n*xr utiiiT * I i •• w«\ cift'Vf< shell mttpm nt siae, ail tnis season 3 newest shapes. . m ,
I E "FLANNELETTE SKIRTS, made (At- iM' ?S.ch?ted h edge > wlfh^lU «¦ w.'v. «dd ° re ' ,ur buy«r. P %
a of the best striped and checked flan- VX fm wool yarn around the A n , S . ,1. i,,*., *_ -*. 1
f nclette: finished with a deep 9-Inch A^ I back, front- sleeves and °£* 01 th _® J!? dln f t 4ft I
I flounce; a wonder for the money.2» C Be l son ,* collar; come in all this ?'und^h«F h« eoSlSt O I
A PRiSCILU value* You'U always Hnd the lesser -jij-a.- th c ° m ar » r « a I
A Is the name of the prlce nere """ » 1 "««' than half what he Laid [>[ [ 1
I X^^ n*we.tßACicco*B WHY HOT BE WARM AND COM- f. o V^ce I fo <Ü bu7*e' fJt-^ 1
¦ y^JJMsuSßjfJfc^ made. CIQTIDIC best that ' 3 made or the lowest m
1 mb^tr^B Made of the fin- rJHIAbLt you've ever heard 8*» M
m VTVItMMT eBt Italian shell. For a little price like this? DCin tun mH^inPH I
X highly polished, so r , n ,r<c fi 4\\fi " CAU * RU UUHOIUtn « 1
m mmMS :It will not scratch ettb^ownS. made A One store that advertises facts. 1
'1 " L^C^ Ji m^icA vcfur hair of thl * season's ' newest Aft,C*«. jjti IUCTCin OF ft OS I
\ \>C^Vv lSok neat you flannelette, double yoke \ AJ^. *+ ISiItAU Ur »1.49. I
A y X V/ N I ' lO 7J7 J on e of the°" back an ?, front, turn T &L«ZK»S 5 dozen FAST BLACK MERCER- ff
M eomhß which his a Hcalloped T.r over collar ' v trll ? 1 , mcd '^gB^I IZED SATEEN SKIRTS, finished 1
¦ «?Mls*t nleo« on the ton and lies wlth Swls3 embroidery. i( with a deep nine-Inch corded flounce. I
V tllh h.« it v our head so as to Blteve trimmed with a JfPM full width well made and perfect 1
\ nfevent short hair ¦& han»inK rulMe edg(>d , and rtn " f I iff hanging, because they are male that I
M Elniv irSund your n«? and it lsnln « braid: not tho w m a * ft Is your opportunity to buy - I
m i Privet a nice rounded nuff to th- cheapest but It is the best you'll these skirts at 85« I
B na7^ wh?ch rs CC 8 o r0 mu d ch d Torn '°now: *v.r get for your money 75c ,g^ BETTER AN D BEST. ; :,M
1 h >e 00 "..^.^' .^^"aOc VALUES THAT TELL, PRICES THAT And that what our children-. 1
I Isc FOR A LADIES 1 COMBINATION SELL IN OUR TIDY DEP'T. S^ffiaTknSrifoS^^heS, I
f POCI(ETaOOUND PURSE. .i^SSfht S fV oo A m RF a S n «*.«& SSfaiSSS in w'Si SSffof ™. f
I They are ,llght.y faded, otherwi.e X£S&>Y^ KKS £«». S-gff^^SStflS I
m they are perfect. Some of them They are made in all the newest de- 'IJ^J. t o ° U L^ an d (111 alont «
IE made of seal, others alligator: colors signs-Irish point, open worked, a fe ma °® EvTr^ta£wn method ta 1
m black, green and tan: some are sterl- .calloped and hemstitched effect. Sanuf^uriS hls^reiSloyed to 1
1 i&arir.vi'S^tA^UWe. I
¦lar ;5,7r. h :r w |n. » fs: ir .a. WM^^^^ »< .«m« ( « <» I
m resist buying when you see them at Many others at higher and lower lc *** •••••;: •""r"r^— for the V
m resist buying when you see them at- Many others at higher and lower least •'"•,;«« '".•*"i*^iiV r «m«2r -M
V this price .f. 15c prices. It will pay you to inspect MTTIF ITEMS AT LITTLE PRICES. -M
A LADIeS' UNDERWEAR. ¦, them nickel plated safett f
A a. . .. «> do«en LA ? C9RSETS-SOMETHINB NEW. ggS law "* ma * BIZM - 3o 1
& KM U v^v'^..t ina f iin^ *t± A HOSE SUPPORT- COLORED KNITTING SIIJC. 1
¦ \U' Peruvian yarn ier«ev vG% ER and CORSET COM- large balls. »c a balL «„-«,. I
% JT. ' wni, it th uinH t^ ¦' • U^ BINED; novel in con- BLACK CORDUROY DRES9 E
• 1 /t&V»V- »m i«. M »V?i? -SSf * '^-^T- stnictlon. rich in ap- BINDING. 3c a yard. , ¦
I / JS^Si ™L it i- the velvet ' lCLh< pearance and Iron in PEARL BUTTONS clear whlt«, M
& //^VTVV fl'nV.H Hl?h -n£.ir lont /I«>Z%A wear - This new corset the heavy kind. 5c * dozen. g
f f /*k*^ V iif™. iSir nni I*i 'i^M Is a corset and abdomin- c CPIC«nOC W.
\ VWWy ,h anr^h.tJ SJ VlTwrJ al reducer in one. It SCISSORS. %
I X^;-2^ »Uha crochrte d ed^c- V^C^. does what no other cor- None better than 1
, A »ilk tape. 1 . .Perfect fit and finish; fiPV the waist llne^ G?vVsth* HUM *****-**** <q wh^ M
1 natural color, A rare bargain for g£ » So/Si? lSS^ftS: «(> "' S&Ar^MaSS ff
m > **"^******-l***** ******"* *»oc lonable, and has a garter fasten- — tne hest German »
m PANTS TO MATCH, same quality e r attached to the corset in Bteel Ai: cods of this brand are 1
fas above, ankle length and French front so as to keep the abdomen 55 u ny warranted and Quality uasur- 1
-¦ bandsAAt the same low price.. 48c down. This fastener never pulls. SJIJILj "^ q v 9
1 WE ARE MANUFACTURERS. never draws or twists and Is per- r ln ' cne^ {««. 50c aualltv now...2Sc f
, I ,t, t Vft.AHt MAllUrAllUntnd. fectly comfortable because It moves J hj£bes long ' TOe qu^U^ now-.*.40e ¦
M That's the "reason our prices are auto ma L lca !i£ every motion of 7 inches long! 96c quality.' now... 50c 1
M always the lowest. 98 pairs ladles' the limb. The garters are made of ' OTFTiLEaL-A very little article A
V drawers: ', made of good strong the best lisle elastic and finished fJEE DLE»-A very imie arucie, -^ M
I soft bleached muslin- finished with with the new velvet gsfp button hut a very important one. These m
I a five and a half Inch deen flounce which will not tear the stockings, needles are put up four packages in M
M 'of fine Torchon lace insertion mS Th * co " ls made of the best sateen, a rustproof case: gold eyed, easy to., «
U tucks; full width and well sVw^ll bla " cut - hand cored, lace trimmed: thread and extra fine point. The m
¦ Wholesalers ask $7 80 a do«n forgot has the new military straight front manufacturer made us a wonderful ¦
¦ their equal Our price \Oe a «fr shape. Hose supporter and corset concession so as to advertise these .;¦
M i ADIS'" WHiTP a 'i-"iDnS J combined: to be sold at one price needles. Your opportunity to buy r M
m LADIbS WHITE SKIRTS, made . .. . ... • mi ok packages needles for 15e M
, M of extra fine soft bleached cambric. •¦j^bpbi m «» - c m
¦ "flounce of embroidery of the latest IflP fsftOl™ sVI DI" DO 816 MARKET STREET, ''^M
1 n-t Sl^y : "t'nesS^m^rderles^^a jilt X U 0 1 11 IJ II Kb """""* »™S* '° " O F < ™ lL I
;l^th^.ra^pricS i luSTtffl??^.i i 35 . Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. \
Pickle Works that King was guilty of no
crime and that It was foolish for him to
flee. He returned here some days ago
and. though I have seen him a number
of times, I do not know where he is re
siciinK- He will certainly have the assist
ance of many friends, who have never
lost faith in his honesty and Integrity."
FALLS MAY BE USED
TO PROPEL TRAINS
Great Northern Railway Company
Considers Project in State of
Washington.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 9.-The Great
Northern Is preparing to investigate tlv
possibility nf utilizing Snoqunlmle Falls,
the greatest scenic attraction in the State
of Washington, for pulling all of Its
trains between Seattle and the summit .oC
the Cascade range. The Northern Pacilic
road l.s also considering the falls as a
source of power for running its trains
from Portland and Seattle to the summit
of the Cascades. President Hill has de
cided that electricity shall be the motive
power through the Cascade tunnel, and,
If feasible, fruin the summit of the Cas
cades to the western terminal.
The Snoquahnie Falls aro owned by
William T. Baker, formerly president o."
the Chicago Board of Trade. His son,
Charles H. Baker, Is president of tht
company. The falls have a total horse
power of 100,00(1. Only about 10,000 of this
Is now In use. The falls are 270 feet high,
and at present (hey supply the power for
the street mil ways of Tacoma and Seat
tle and for the flouring mills In the latter
city.
c
MONTEBEY BAY FAMED
FOR ITS MANY FISHES
, PACIFIC GROVE. Nov. 9.-Presldent
fDavld Starr Jordan of Stanford University
lectured in this city last night before the
Pacific Grove Museum Association, his
subject being "Beasts and Fishes of Mon
terey Bay." Dr. Jordan, who Is probably
the most eminent authority on fish in the
world to-day, said that nowhere was
there a more Important body of water,
at least from the scientist's point of
view, than Monterey Bay, both for the
number of varieties of fish and other sea
animals found here and from the fact
that there are many kinds found here
that have never appeared In any other
part of the world.
The chief object of the Museum Asso
ciation is to preserve specimens of the
animal and plant life that has made this
region so famous throughout the scien
tific world, and Dr. Jordan's lecture was,
therefore, of especial interest to the
members of the association.
Accused Boys Go Free.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9.— Ward Klinck
and Archie Robinson, the Guernevllle
boys charged with highway robbery, have
been discharged, the victims of the al
leged robbery bolng unable to Identify
them as the guilty persons.
New Charter for Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9.— A call has been
issued by Mayor Sweet for a convention
of the legal voters of Santa Rosa on No
vember 18 to nominate fifteen freeholders
to be elected on December 3 to frame a
new charter for the city.
BOLOGNA ARCHBISHOP
IS ON HIS DEATHBED
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.-A Sun special
from Rome says: Cardinal Svampa.
Archbishop of Bologna, is now lying on
his deathbed. The Question of the suc
cessor to Leo XIII in the Papal chair
will be Influenced in a very important de
gree by Cardinal Svampa's death, for he
has long been regarded In Vatican circles
as the most eligible of all the members of
the Sacred College. He Is, nroreover, the
youngest of the suitable candidates, be
ing only GO years of age.
His suoporters have always said that
his succession to- Leo XIII was foretold In
ADVERTISEMENTS. * •¦
The handsome hotel being erected on Bush street between Taylor and Jonas'
will be known as the "Nordhoff" and will be conducted ' by Miss 8. Hutchison,
now manager of the "Roanoke." The hotel, as constructed, demonstrates the
work of a parson who has studied the comfort and convenience of its future.,
occupants. The spacious '• hall, running the entire length of the first ¦ floor. with 7 .
parlors and reception rooms in the front of the house, handily located, presents
an Wea of comfort. These things can be noted even in the unfinished condition
In which the hotel Is to-day. The proprietor, Miss Hutchison, has a reputation ,
as a hostess second to none In San Francisco, and. to know that toe "Nordhoff"
Is to be under her able management assures Its ¦ guests the comforts ; and deli- ¦.:
cate attentions of a home. The table will be carefully cared for and will be fur-- •
nished with all the delicacies of the season. The hotel contains aoout 130 bright
and airy rooms, many of which, have private baths. It Is furnished throughout
by "The W. & J. Sloane & Co." and Is a modern hotel in all its details. betas;
• equipped with electric elevator, electric lights and steam heat. When open, about
December 1, it should take front rank among the leading hotels of .this city. ¦„..
•' :/'.'•'"¦•".- : ' ¦ ¦ • "¦'¦'-'-• " - ; - .\' r ' '. ¦¦¦':'' X ' '" '¦ ' ¦ .''
the book of the Prophet Malachi. His
more mundane qualifications included his
sroat learning and tact, which have kept
him in the forefront for several years
despite his great disadvantage of cony
paratlve youth.
Deer-Hunter Kills Companion.
GREENVILLE JUNCTION. Me.. Not.
9— Word has been received here from the
Moosehead Lake region that W. C.
Tuckey of Coillngwood. Ohio, was acci
dentally shot and killed yesterday by J.
G. Hostal'.er of Toledo. The men were
hunting. The information, which came
by telephone, gave no details except that
Tuckey was mistaken for a deer. Game
Commissioner Charlton has communicated,
with the Coroner here, saying that fatali
ties of this nature have become so fre
quent in the woods that he will at once
take steps to bring about prosecution in
all such cases.
2930
CAPTIVE FACES
GREAT HARDSHIP
Rigors of Winter In
crease the Misery
of Miss Stone.
Condition of the Missionary's
Companion, Mme. Tsilka.
Even More Pitiable.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Nov. 9.— ln the latest
letter received from Miss Stone she says
«-!.». is exposed •. much hardship and suf
ierint owing to the constant moving oi
the band over hills and ravines, notwith
standing the rigors of winter. In conse
quence ot this activity, which has lately
been increased by the Bulgarian troops.
the condition of Madame Tsilka, Mis*
Stone's companion, is even more pitiable,
owing to her expected accouchement.
The belief that Miss Stone is concealed
in a village is thus discredited, as is tea
reported birth of a child to Madame Tsii
ka. The monastery of Kilo was searched
by Uie authorities, as the prisoners were
reported to be concealed there. Troops are
also f-eii.rchins the neighboring bills.
Consul General Dickinson conferred to»
da) with M Baneff at the Bulgarian For*
eigzi Office, and it is understood that
Dickinson maCe representations against
the movements of the troops.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Consul Gen
eral Dickinson from Sofia reports to the
State Department by cable the receipt by
Mm of another letter from Miss Stone,
&9 already noted In the press dispatches
ct last night. He quotes Miss Stone as
saying: "We ere Etill well in spite of all
our hardships."
There ere oiber matters treated In the
letter which it Is not deemed wise to pub
lish. Dickinson complains constantly of
attempts to interfere with the line o£
communication he is seeking to establish
with the brigands. Although no explana
tion la afforded by him as to the reason.-
Jcr this interference, it is believed hero
that the Bulgarian authorities are seek
ing to pave th» way for a denial of re;
sponslbility for an indemnity by exhibit
ing unnecessary activity in the pursuit of
any persons who might be supposed to bo
able re- inform them of the whereabouts
of Miss Stone.
Notwithstanding the difficulties ¦which
are daily encountered by the State De
partment in its efforts to reach Miss
Stone, the belief is strong among the of
ficials that In the near future they will
succeed in securing her release. It is true
that the principal issue is the amount
of ransom to be paid, and this delays the
negotiations, for the bandits, fully aware
of the exact amount of money at the dis
posal of the United States agents in Tur
key, ere holding back, evidently In the
hope of having that amount increased by
further subscriptions.
Savine in Time of Mails.
NEW YORK. Nov. <• — A consiignment of
roal: ¦ " Sydney Australia. Octo
ber 25 for London by the American rouce
S-rrivec ta ¦ his morning and was
dispatched on the fteamship I'mbrii.
•which left for London this afternoon. Th^
mail • the Ventura at San Fran
cisc N mber 4 and was carried across
The c • regular mail trains. Th»-
Tlme consumed in the transmitting of the
mall fr>m Bydnejr to London will he about
'hlrty-one days, a saving of four day?
over tb« P:^z canal route.
Incendiary Fire on a Farm.
STOCKTON. Nov. $.— What I<= believed
to have beea an incendiary fire caused
the loss iast night at Mrs Griffin ? place,
about eight mlies out on the Sonora road,
of a barn, eleven mules, one horse. 10)
tons of hay. twelve sets of harness and a
stack Oi straw The fire was in the vicin
ity of a similar b'lSze a couple of months
ago Sheriff has gone to the scene.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Sour Stomach
Is Often the Real Cause of a
Sour Temper.
T.at the condition of the digestive or-
ganß hat a marked effect upon the charac-
ter or disposition Is a truism as old as i
the hills. Old Ben Johnson wisely said. !
v|-
•:.» pleasure of living: depends upon the
liver," ' and it is a fact which none may
dispute that a sunny disposition more
often results from a healthy digestion
than from, any other cause.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called sour
etcroach or heartburn, is caused by Blow
«!!cest?cn of food; Instead of being prompt-
ly digested and converted into blood, bone
and muscle, it lies in the stomach for
houre. fermenting and decaying, creating-
eases which cause pressure on the lungs
and heart, short breath and general din-
comfort end irritation.
Such half digested food Is Indeed poor
nourishment for the body, brain and
nerves and the result is thown in irritable
tempers?, unaccountable headaches and
that depressing condition usually called
the "blues." But how quickly all these
disappear when appetite and digestion are
restored.
I^axative medicines only irritate the al-
ready irritated stomach and bowels and
have r.o effect upon actual digestion of
food.
The sensible course to follow is to make
use o( simple natural digestives like
Ktuart ? Dyspepsia Tablets after meals
until the stomach has a chance to recup-
erate. *^
The natural digestives which every heal-
thy Etomacb contains are peptones dias-
tase and Hydrochloric and lactic acids
and when any of them are lacking the
trouble begins. The reason Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are no valuable and suc-
cessful In curing etomach troubles is be-
cause they contain, in a pleasant concen-
trated tablet form, all these absolutely
necessary essentials for perfect digestion
and assimilation of food.
Henry Kirkpatrick of Lawrence, Mass
bays: "Men and women whose occupation
precludes an active out door life should
make lt a dally practice to use Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after meals. I have
done so hivk<:( and I know positively that
I owe my present health and vigor to
their dally use.
"From the time I was 22, when I gradu-
ated from school with broken health from
overwork, until I was 34, I scarcely knew
what it was to bo free from stomach
weakness. I had no appetite whatever for
breakfast and very Htti© for any other
mr-al. - • • ¦ •
"I had acidity and heartburn nearly
very day and ho times was alarmed by
irregularity and palpitation of the heart.
but all this gradually disappeared after i
began using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and I can cat my meals with relish and
satisfaction which I had not known since
1 was a growing boy."
The kucc.-s and popularity of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is enormous, but It Is
deserved, and every druggist in the United
States. Canada and Great Britain has a
Kood word for this meritorious prepara-
tion.
GERMANS WROTH
AT CHAMBERLAIN
Remark of the British
Statesman Creates a
Furor.
Students Will Petition Chan
cellor to Demand an
Apology.
BERLIN, Nov. Germany has rung
with anti-Chamberlain indignation meet
ings all the week. These meetings have
been confined hitherto to students and vet
erans' societies, but a conference of the
Thurlngian ".Pastors' societies has decided
to invite the Protestant clergymen
throughout Germany to make a common
protest against the utterances of the Brit
ish Colonial Secretary at Edinburgh, Oc
tober 25. when he referred to the conduct
of the German troops during the Franco-
Prussian war of IS7O-71.
Students" meetings were held this week
at the Berlin. Leipzig. Tuebingen, Jena
and other universities. The Leipzig meet
ing was held in response to a call sent
out by the rector of the university. The
Jena students voted to petition the Im
perial Chancellor, Count Yon Bulow, to
instruct the German Embassador at Lon
don to demand satisfaction for insult.-
The students of Breslau University have
issued a call couched in highly indignant
terms for a meeting to take place Novem
ber 12. At all the meetings the speakers
used violent language, and all the pub
lished calls are hotly worded. The Leip
zig Veterans' League has declined to i-
sue a call for a meeting, taking the
ground that it is useless to become excite
over Chamberlain, "since he is known to
be the commonest kind of a liar."
Editors Advise Calmness.
The newspapers are beginning to wain
the people, irom different standpoints,
however that the matter is being over
done, some of them claiming that Cham
berlain is too far beneath German con
tempt for anything which he may say to
be looked upon as an insult to the ool
diers of Germany. Others say that the
excitement will result in a further strain
ing of the relations between Germany and
«;r*-.u Britain. • The Vorwaerts considers
the protest movement to be ridiculous and
says the intensity of the language used is
comical.
The Vosslsche Zeltung regrets Jhat many
of the speeches delivered contained vio
lent attacks upon Great Britain and re
fers to the danger that a resurrection of
the Eastern question will have a tendency
to draw Great Britain, Russia and France
together, and the consequent necessity of
Italy casting her fortunes with Great
Britain and France, thus leaving Ger
many in a state of "splendid isolation."
The paper asks if it is prudent, in such
circumstance?, to follow a course calcu
lated to prove that the German people
are imbued with the most . profound
hatred of Great Britain and, calling at
tention to the fact that Chamberlain's ob
noxious remark included the troops of
France. Russia and other nations, adds
that the French and Russians shrug their
shoulder?, regarding Chamberlain as a
babbler, and says they do not think of
crusading against Great Britain with
grand orations as the arch enemy of the
policy of great empires. Such a crusade,
according to the Vosslsche Zeltung, can
not be conducted merely with warm
hearts, cool heads being needed, adding:
"It is not necessary for Germans to stu
diously nourish anti-German feelings
against Great Britain, and It Is a mistake
to defend ourselves by exaggerated dem
onstrations."
Duel Causes Indignation.
The public mind was considerably ex
cited this week on account of a duel at
Insterburg, East Prussia, In which Lieu
tenant Blaskowitz of the army, was killed
by Lieutenant Hlldebrand, also of the
army. The military officials have not yet
made a statement of the facts In the case,
but the National Zeitung has obtained an
authoritative account of the meeting,
which Is as follows:
Lieutenants Hlldebrand and Rassmus
sen met Lieutenant Blaskowitz going home
one night in a state of Intoxication, car
ried him to a spot near his residence and
left him there. They returned to the
spot later, however, and found Blasko
witz crouching against a wall asleep and
tried to arouse him and get him upon his
feet. Blaskowitz. being ignorant of the
identity of the two men who were en
deavoring to assist him, struck right and
left in his semi-somnolent state and hit
Lieutenant Hlldebrand.
The latter considered himself Insulted
by the blow received and reported the
affair to the court of honor, which de
cided that a duel was unavoidable, where
upon Lieutenant Hildebrand challenged
Lieutenant Bla«kowitz. The latter, how
ever, unconscious of what had occurred
while he was Intoxicated, went to Kylau
the next day to attend a party held at
the house of a young lady whom he was
to marry on the following day. When a
telegram recalling him to meet Hilde
brand was received Blaskowitz wanted to
settle the matter with an apology, but the
highest officers of the brigade and divi
sion sanctioned the finding of the court
of honor that a duel was necessary, and
It ended in the manner already detailed.
Newspapers of all shades of opinion ex
press amazement at the action of the
court of honor. Even the conservative
papers regard the action of the court as
being incomprehensible. It is expected
that the case will come before the
Reichstag. The papers use the strongest
language against permitting duels like
the above, holding that the superior offi
cers are responsible.
WRECK A BANK SATE,
BUT GET NO MONEY
Indiana Robbers Use Nitro-Glycerin,
but Are Driven Off by
Citizens.
CAMPBELLSBURG, md.. Nov. 6— A
gang of robbers wrecked the Bank of
Campbellsburg safe ear»y to-day with
nitro-glycerin. The noise aroused the
citizens and before the robbers could
reach the money in the safe armed citi
zens swooped down on them and drove
them from the building. Fifty shots were
fired by the citizens, but only one was
returned.
Their ammunition giving out, the citl
zens went across the street to replenish,
and the burglars took advantage of their
absenc* to escape to the northward on
the Monon road. The burglars secured no
money, and it is not believed any of them
were wounded.
Beresford and Naval Policy.
LONDON, Nov. 9— The Government's
r.aval policy is soon likely to be brought
prominently and perhaps unpleasantly to
public notice, as Rear Admiral Charles
Bcresford will shortly be relieved of his
post as second ln command of the Medi
terranean fleet and Is coming home to
enter Parliament at the earliest oppor
tunity. Lord Beresford Intends to devote
his energies to a political career until it
comes his turn to command the Channel
squadron, which has always been th«
height of his ambition. While on duty In
the Mediterranean he has won every
sham battle in which he was engaged.
Fatal Gambling Quarrel.
DES MOINES, Nov. Homer Holland,
a son of ex-Sheriff Holland, was shot and
killed by M. Hunter. The affair took
place at noon to-day. They had been
gambling and quarreled over the game.
Holland was a noted athlete and broke
several State records In lowa college cir
cles.
Two Children Burned to Death.
QIJINCY, 111., Nov. ».-The farmhouse of
D. B. Miller, twelve miles north of here,
wai burned late last night and two chil
dren, Pearl and DeWltt Miller, aged 8 and
12 years, were burned to death. Several
other members of the family had narrow
escapes.
Morgan Acquires White Star Line.
LONDON, Nov. 9.-The Sunday Special,
on the authority of Its New York corre
spondent, will announce to-morrow that
J. Plerpont Morgan has acquired the
"White Star line and that he has secured
a contract to purchase the Dominion line.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
DIPLOMATS PAY
ALL DUE HOMAGE
Ministers of the Powers
Visit the Bier of Li
Hung Chang.
Sons of the Late Statesman
Reply to an Address
While in Sackcloth.
PEKING, Nov. 9.— The foreign Minis
ters this afternoon went ln a body, wear
ing plain mourning, to the late Li Hung
Chang's yamen and presented their con
dolences according to Chinese custom.
Chinese soldiers lined the streets near the
yamen and the great crowds which gath
ered in the streets and about the yamen
I were perfectly orderly. All the city ottt-
I'cials received the Ministers in the outer
! court. The coffin was in a spacious in
ner court, temporarily roofed. It rested
on an altar behind a screen and had over
it a royal pall, conferred by the Empe
lor's command, an honor heretofore be
stowed only on members of the imperial
family. Many Buddhist priests were in
attendance. There were towb of tables
bearing offerings of food, amounting to
several tons, and piles of paper money.
Candles and Incense were burned about
the coffin.
Li Hung Chang's two sons stood near
the casket attired ln sackcloth. Before
the screen was a cushion where the Chi
nese callers made prostrations. The Min
isters, however, stepped forward singly
and bowed low. The dean of the diplo
matic corps rend an address of sympathy,
to which the oldest son of the deceased
statesman replied in Chinese, the young
est son interpreting his words into Eng
lish. The scene about the yamen was ani
mated and picturesque. Hundreds of oftt
dals were present ln their robes of office.
Mounted retainers are arriving daily from
all parts of the province.
Shao Is Minister Wu's Friend.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— Minister Wu
Ting Fang has received from Peking an
official notification of the death of LI
Hung Chang. It is said at the Chinese
legation that Minister Wu has not been
Informed of his reported relief as Chi
nese Minister at Washington. As already
Ptated, the Minister would not be sur
prised at such news. He has been Minis
ter at Washington since 1897. and un
doubtedly would welcome a chance to re
turn to "his native land, although it is
equally true that he will not want to re
main there permanently.
The Minister states he has no idea what
post will be assigned him if he should be
recalled from Washington. It was said
a short time ago that an important port
lollo In the Chinese Ministry would be
tendered him, but now all the posts In
that branch of the Government have teen
tilled. It Is felt here that the appoint
ment of Wang Wen Shao to succeed Li
Hung Chang as the throne's adviser In
foreign affairs will be beneficial to Wu's
interests.
America Keeps Close Watch.
The State Department never has had a
copy of the treaty negotiated by LI Hung
Chang and the Russian agent at Peking
relative to Manchuria, to which reference
was made In the public account of Lt
Hung Changs death. This Government
naturally has kept a close watch on the
developments ln that quarter, having,
next to Japan, perhaps, a larger legiti
mate interest than any other country
than the two principals to the treaty. As
negotiations nave been proceeding for
months lt Is unavoidable that some de
tails should leak o\it so that all the pow
ers signatory to the protocol have what
is believed to be a generally accurate
Idea of the scope of the proposed conven
tion which has now been blocked by the
death of Li Hung Chang. Officially this
Government Is accepting the Russian
pledge of a purpose to withdraw from
Manchuria In a reasonable time as bona
fld«. and finds no reason to question the
integrity of the Russian purpose. Mean
while, following a practice inaugurated
five or six years ago, a United States
warship, the Vlcksburg. has been ordered
to winter at Niuchwang, the principal
port of Manchuria.
STEEL CORPORATIONS
WILL FORM A TRUST
Fifty Million Dollars to Be the
Capital for a New
Concern.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 9— The North
American to-morrow will say: A new
$60,000,000 steel corporation Is being formed
for the purpose of uniting ln one powerful
combination the plate mills of the coun
try. Ten or more plants. Including Penn
sylvania companies that are now doing a
large business, are to be absorbed by the
new concern. Four of the properties are
east of the Alleghanlea. These are the
Lukens Iron Works of Coatesvllle, the
Tidewater Steel Company. Chester; the
Ontral Steel Company, Harrlsburg. and
the Worth Hros.' mills. These four rep
resent an active estimated capitalization
of about $10,000,000.
It is understood that the Jones 8c
Laughltn Company of Plttnburg. a corpo
ration with 520.000.000 capital, will enter
the combination and will be the strongest
concern In It. Details regarding the West
ern Interests that will be represented are
lacking, but these will probably be made
in the course of n. few days In an official
announcement of the project. A signifi
cant feature of the deal is the active part
tnken ln it by Charles M. Schwab, presi
dent of the United States* Steel Corpora
tion. Schwab attended a conference held
In this city early in the week and had
much to do with shaping the plans of the
concern. This Is believed to Indicate that
ti will be operated in harmony with the
billion-dollar corporation, and that event
ually the new company may become iden
tified with Schwab's corporation.
Lodge Favors Reciprocity.
BOSTON, Nov. 9.— An exceptionally
large number of the members of the Mid
dlesex Club attended the dinner of the
club at Young's Hotel this afternoon. The
gathering Included many of the Massa
chusetts delegation In Congress. State and
national officers and prominent "Republi
cans. Senator Lodge was the prlncipnl
speaker. He strongly urged reciprocity
with other countries along the lines men
tioned in President McKlnley's Buffalo
speech, and the unbuilding of the navy.
Senator Lodge began his address with
a brief allusion to the recent elections,
and then delivered an eloquent euloey
upon the late President McKlnley. He
made a lengthy argument for general re
ciprocity in our commercial relations.
Burglars Raid a Bank.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Nov. 9.—Bur
glars attempted last night to rob the
State Bank of Coggan, twenty-five miles
from this city. The outer vault was blown
open, but the men evidently were fright
ened away before the Inner vault was
forced. No clew to the robbers.
Steamer Struck by Lightning.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.-The steamship
Hlla encountered very stormy weather on
her last voyage from Cherbourg. She
was in a gale of wind and rain and light
ning on November 6to 7. One of her top
masts was struck by lighting and badly
shattered.
Severe Earthquake Shock.
BREBCIA, Italy, Nov. 9.— Several un
derground tremblings culminated this
morning in a severe earthquake shock
The inhabitants were panic-stricken and
fled to the streets. A number of buildings
were damaged, but no fatalities have been
reported.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed In his hand! by an Bast India mission
ary'the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cur* of Con
mimptlon. Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complalntn. Having tested Its won
derful curative powers ln thousands of cases,
and desiring 1 to relieve human suffering, I will
send free of charge to all who wish It, this
recipe. In German, French or English, with
full directions for preparing and uslnjr. Sent
by mall, by addressing, with stamp, naming
this paper, W. A. Noyes, MT Powers block,
Rochester. N. T.
WAR SADDENS
THE PREMIER
Salisbury Speaks at Lon
don Lord Mayor's
Banquet.
Regrets the Ravage, but Says
the Boers Will Ec
Crushed.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— The Lord Mayor's
banquet at the Guildhall to-night was a
spectacular close of the day's festivities.
The historic building was the scene of a
brilliant pageant in which modern and
medieval sights were strangely mingled..
A gathering uf 2000 of the most influential
citizens of London, including the heads of
the various Government departments,
gave an opportunity for a loyal demon
stration of which the Government was not
slow to take advantage.
The presence of Lord Salisbury afforded
an excellent excuse for reiterating the at
titude of the Government toward the
South African controversy. The response
of the great audience ln the banquet hall
might be described as satisfactorily loyal,
but could hardly be called enthusiastic.
The banquet was preceded by the cus
tomary reception in the library-room,
where Sir Joseph Dlmsdale in his quaint
official robes welcomed the Ministers and
the various officials. Unlike last year's
reception when the war fever was at Its
height the military were decidedly a sec
ondary feature. Lord Roberts was con
spicuous by his absence and the War
Office was merely represented by one of
the under secretaries.
Address by the Premier.
The feature of the evening was Lord
Salisbury's speech in response to the toast
to "His Majesty's Ministers." Referring
to the progress of the war ln South Africa
the Premier said:
lt is pleasant to record that the peace of
the world has been so little disturbed by the
events of the last two years. Half a century
ago we would nut have found such a correot
and paclflc attitude on the part of the great
powers. It is a suggestive sign of the inter-,
national amity and understanding that the
cloud of the past three weeks over the Mediter
ranean has so lightly passed away. Fifty
years ago thla would not have been so.
Touching upon South African develop
ments in another part of his speech Lord
Salisbury said:
I strongly deprecate the spirit of pessimism
so frequently heard in the utterances of some
of our public men as to the war ln which we
are engaged. Unlike the wars of former years,
no longer does the capture of an enemy's capi
tal and the dissipation of his Hold force con
stitute a conclusive victory. We are flow con
fronted by a syntem of guerrilla warfare
which must be slowly and effectively stamped
out. We are progressing slowly, perhaps but
steadily.
Government in Earnest.
I cannot take the public wholly Into the con
fidence of the Government. It would be most
Imprudent publicly to state all we are doing
weekly and monthly at the front, but what
I emphatically declare is that whatever delays
are encountered these are due neither to a
lack of earnestness and ability on the part of
.sterling rvranTVRE...
. ti^&fi^L— WB RUN NO RISK In selling "Sterling"
(=^. Furniture on time. YOU RUN NO RISK in
V f buying it. "Sterling" Furniture means good,
j^ , * , ~~^ " j.'7^T^->^ dependable furniture— furniture that can be
Pi^W"*s^pPßsißß«flir' placed in your home with the understanding
WmlmmLm^^^^S^^K^ that lt ls to GIVE SATISFACTION or to be
Wmk &^^S£^SBBlß!lif returned. "Sterling" on silverware means
EiSnF— '^jlt^sSl fe^s^?^RSNn mucn 5 it is equally important in furniture
WELCH FOLDING BED $22.50 • Ijg^gL
Made of golden elm, with quarter-sawed oak panel front. Ws^^jCSagßsssssssHi------;;,,^
It measures 6x4 feet when in use. The mattress is of double texture and is |<L^^7\ IW~I i 1
the best and closest woven mattress to be found in any folding bed in San Fran- |^^^ 1, S *^ :^ :^= : . {
The French plate mirror is Bxl4 inches. - fcL ! asS i .J^Sa* ' ,
This bed is made by the Welch Folding Bed Company of Grand Rapids, 11^^ '¦ — ii^^^S j
Mich., who undoubtedly make the best folding beds in the world. II I
WE FULLY GUARANTEE THIS BED, and if you choose you can [J __ _iL. '
$4.00 Down and $1.00 a WeeK - © *$k 71. $,
I I - n - ¦'•¦¦
ik ___ —^_ ** - =JS7 —^%w SOLD) OAK 71/ C
|^-^^< " —^T ''l^-.'^rv DINING CHAIR TVC
- ft " 1 — ~ _[_ *' JL "^^** . 'Brace arms, cane seat, extra heavy rungs
¦ in front, and the back is neatly engraved.
lSSflsT^^esgßsßß^SgßaßßstssM^aMT^^^^^^s^ Brace arms not only add to the appear-
|H ffj TH IIH Kf ance » but they strengthen the chair at its
1 fnnl^L^ HJ mm fa Years and years of service, goc.
fcwJH^wm II ' solid oak CcTcTT
IT^lvJ^^^gir^ H EXTENSION TABLE i>O.3U
I! Jrr .JpJE F X : V^IsP~^ jg Extends to six feet and is of particularly
W ' aPnsl^WLsßsFTfllt^Sb^sl WrTlfwiil strong construction. Handsomely carved
_, M W __ LJaU' "tH l^^n 1^" — in "stretchers" connect the legs, adding much
~--^|rr~-r=rW ) ¦ _ fIR ¦ *«isit . ml to the appearance and more than doubling
vr - Mjr^-k." — If ~~" fl ' . W t * le strength. Legs are neatly turned and
rt — -f'H ZI!-Tir--^-| -~~ w~ ' When you call at our store we will
' _f r ""• *- — * !¦¦¦— —_ i_JP — • , GLADLY show you this table, and if it
~ fc •• , pleases you SELL IT FOR $8.50. . ,' . .
A d\l#»rlfflfffl (^tMitih .':'.¦
A couch that In nppenrnnre nnri con- m^Bf^ lum *^^^^^^^*l^BmSS£^fss3Bs£i%&Zjrj(titßSl^^B
Aren't you tired of looking up 'couches —^g^MJJtfS^^S^Sy
advertised at ten or twelve liars and KjrKa\3f^^^
finding them to be trashy affairs that
you wouldn't have at any price? KSiul
This couch has ft handsome rococo 1)8885^^^^ ltjr°_ ; .
base of oak or mahogany finish. More MmW\Tk^ii^^^^^^^^^^™l^^GSßS££Tf&fr^[<&&l&m\
other example of our terms, _ 1 Mil/// icsi
$3.00 down and $1.00 a week. ¦ £r5 " • \ ' '
¦
YOU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT 1
STERLING Furniture Company
1039 MAWCET ST., OPP. McALLISTEB
STORM CENTERS
ON SALISBURY
Appointment of a Bishop
Arouses Harsh Crit
icism.
Charge Made That It Is
Another Instance of
Nepotism.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— The appointment of
the Rev. Charles Gore, Canon of West
minster, to be Bishop of Worcester, has
raised both a political and ecclesiastical
storm. Only a few days previous to the
announcement of his appointment Mr.
Gore came out ln the Times with a strong
letter condemning the concentration
camps and other severe measures in South
Africa. Several of the Government or
gans stigmatized him as a pro-Boer and
deplored the fact that such a talented au
thor should have been so hopelessly mis
led.
The matter Is now the object of keen
private criticism among the lay and cleri
cal supporters of the Government. The
Evangelical party ln the church are bit
terly upbraiding Lord Salisbury for se
lecting a man so prominent in high cir
cles. In less prejudiced quarters the af
fair Is taken as once more exemplifying
Lord Salisbury's extraordinary cynicism
and utter lack of Interest in current
events, though others see ln It another
Instance of nepotism, as the former head
of the Pusey House at Oxford and editor
of Lux Mundi Is a connection of the Pre
mier's family.
Among the curious features of the case
is the fact that Canon William John Knox
Little of Worcester, who replied to Mr.
Gore's letter ln the Times, bitterly abus
ing t"he writer and intimating that Mr.
Gore was almost guilty of treason and was
threatened with Insanity, now comes un
der the Jurisdiction of the new Bishop.
Porto Rico Treasurer Appointed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The President
to-day appointed William Willoug-hby of
the District of Columbia Treasurer of the
inland of Porto Rico. Willoushby will suc
ceed Jacob Hollander of Maryland, who
resigned some time ago.
our generals in the field nor to a neglect to
comply with all their demands on the part of
the home Government. We have been subject
to much vague and indefinite criticism, but our
bitterest opponents have not been able to point
out any tangible defect, any definite cause of
complaint.
I deeply regret the ravages of the war ln
the colonies, to which we are anxious to ac
rord the fullest practicable measure of self
government. But we have bad neighbors ln
South Africa whose conduct for years has been
a menace to the stability of that section of our
empire. Now we are engaged In removing this
menace and we are determined to do it so
effectively that lt will never require doing
again.
This declaration was received with cor
dial but by no means enthusiastic ap
plause.
CABINET FEARS
PUBLIC ANGER
British Ministers Are
Afraid to Enforce
Old Laws.
Gravity of South African Sit
uation Increases
Daily.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— During the lengthy
Cabinet conference of this week the ques
tion of enforcing the old ballot laws came
up. Some of the Ministers were strongly in
favor of putting in practice thla form of
conscription, for which certain obselete
laws already provide. By this means new
legislation would be obviated.
Guarded feelers on this matter have al
ready been circulated in the press, for it
appears to be almost impossible to keep
the home forces up to adequate strength
and supply the necessary reinforcements
for South Africa volunteers. Strenuous
measures doubtless will cause a storm ot
disapproval ln Great Britain and the laws
will not be enacted unless the war situa
tion becomes graver. What changes have
come over the state of the country In two
years can be Judged from the fact that
the War Office has closely examined the
old ballot laws and has prepared an elab
orate plan by which they can be sprung
upon the public at a moment's notice.
The Dally News exhaustively surveys
the concentration camps ln South Africa
with the following conclusion:
"The truth is that the death rate in the
camps Is incompatibly worse than any
thing Africa or Asia can show. There is
nothing to match lt, even in the mortality
figures of the Indian families, where chol
era and other epidemics have to be con
tended with."
Statistics are produced ln proof of this
assertion. m
The Government's advertisement for
teachers for the camp children, setting
forth that "the term of employment will
be one year certain," is prominently dis
played as evidence that the authorities
nave no Intention of ending the "wholesale
destruction of human life."
The Daily News urges all humane men
not to wait for official reports but to In
sist "on the camps being broken up and
the people distributed among their friends
or removed to districts where a fresh at
tempt can be made, under competent or
ganization and with some regard to the
preservation of life— that or extermination
and an eternal stain on the name of Eng
land."
New Colorado Road Opened.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Nov. 9 —
The Victor division of the Colorado
Springs and Cripple Creek District Rail
road was opened to-day with an Invita
tion trip over the line tendered prominent
citizens, newspaper men and railway men
by the officers and directors of the road.
There were about fifty ln the party. The
Victor division extends from Cameron to
Victor.
fa T^ V K'f'lf'f I nITV w» ' it*-
STOPS
fA HEAD
COLD
IH TWO HOURS
Hyomel, the only remedy which, accord-
ing to Government statistics, has «v«*
cured a case of genuine consumption,
will stOTJ a cold in two hours.
All you have to do Is to breathe lt ft*
i a few moments every now and then. There
i are no teasDoonful doses. You simply
place the Inhaler in your mouth and go
| about your business as usual. Relief la
almost instantaneous. Your headache dis-
appears, nose stops running, cough sub-
sides and before you are hardly aware of ,
lt the cold Is gone. /
By using Hyomel daily you can cure
any case of catarrh, bronchitis, asthma
and consumption, or we will refund your
money. .
Hyomel is sold by all druggists or sent
by mail. Price, outfits complete SLOO.
Trial outfits 23c. Hyomel Balm 25c. Send
for five days' treatment free and our little
book on respiratory diseases. It may save
your life. • .
The B. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, TX. X.
frC*'»A>'O'%.'%.'%>'»y«*'%-e^.^^+
i visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat
'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
a £} 1061 IU2XXT SS. tit. earn, ltcii.
\ Of Th« Larznt Anatomic*! Hiiiiiim tack*
i M 3b*» World. WeakaesMS or m contracted
V EcsSv *»ue p*>iti<«l 7 t*< >ldett
A) IB HI SpeaaJist on the Co««. £11.36 yean.
1 Jiff 1 OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f tCHbv ¦ Consultation free awl stricdv prtrat*.
A I Wl Tr»»tment personally or by letter. A
iff nr T* if r—ttlm* Cmrt :n erery cat* undertakes.
MB a II m Wr|te for Book. '¦"•••«t>«T m*
V• J IT MASBIAGII. MAILSJ* nmm. (A
\ A jl nluable Dook for ram!
9 DU. JOBDA.f •% CO.. ion Market 81. & r.
l^'^sv^sV^sy^sW^V / *a>^^^Sßy^sV^BV^BV^sV
I ——.^ —— — ¦— —^
\ OCZAJT TRAVEL.
— t _j— tt _ J -t_i— i_i-i^n_r«_n- ri_ -i_r- i_r-«_r->-j-i_r-i_r-i_r-i_ — I_— — ~l n_n_rLTU~i r*sf
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. <
i Steamers leave Broadway
w^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
¦Bl^^ For Alaskan ports— U a. m..
¦PL.. Not. i. 7. 12. 17. 23. 17. Dee. i.
¦PO^SBs\ Change to company' » t— mwl
• I&vSllAl at Seattle. _
¦K^««Sh3 For Victoria, Vancou-»«r (XL
*«sßnssßßßn C). Port Townaend. Seattle.
±£ -*qjß»nsil TacO ma, Everett and N«w
Wnatcom (Wash.)— ll a. m..
I «..; » 7 12 17 a. 17. Dec- J. Chang* at
I Settle* to this Vompany's «**™"J°* £f&
and G. N. Ry. : »t Seattle or Tacoma for N.
. jV^"£^gwt i.y)-^3b p. -. mm.
'"For^a"' Die*; •tapping .°"J^ m *,,"^L^TC
I bara. Port Los Angreles and Rj-icn&o Of A»-
| r.eles)-Steamer 6anta Bo". Sundays. I a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. » a, m.
, For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru* Mo*.
I terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartonl (Baa
Luis Ob 19 po). O.vlot» Santa Baxtgra.Vm-
! ttira. Hueneme. East San Pedro, SaaJPedro
I and Newport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays.
' For^knsenada. Magdalena, Bay. San Jo*» del
! Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz.Sant» Rosalia
j and Guaytnas (Mex.)-10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information obtain the company^
Th# company reserves the right to chant*
steamers, «allln« days and hours ot salimr.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
rtreet (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. G«B. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjilh» to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through ticket* to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
' j_i<_> < V U ll'l' RAT HJ HI, .
BTKAMSB TICXXT3 IIfCLUDX BERTH KXILB.
S3 COLUMBIA Sails.. Not. 14. 24. D«. 4. 14. 2*
ES GEO. W. ELDER
.r^V...... Satis Not. 1. IS. a, D««. »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 s. m.
D.W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgm'y. 9. T.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAM 1 . COR-
ner First and Braanan struts, at 1 p. a,
for YOKOHAMA sad HONOKONO, calling «f
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with stsamsrs foe
India, etc No cargo received on board am
day of aalllcst.
S HONGKONG MARTT M
' ¦•¦;¦¦- Saturday. November is. IMS
Ba NIPPON Wednesday, DeosoibeV U. IM|
.Wednesday, December 13, UQ
83. AMERICA MARU..........._. ••,-%—
Satarday. January 4, Ml
Round-trip tickets at reduced rats*. Foe
freight and passage apply at company's afflas*
in Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agsßt. I
1
AMERICAN LINE.
TOtX. wnuAwnm. LOHDOH. mm
Stopping at Cherbourg, bound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a, m.
St Paul." Nor. 20 St. Paul ........ Pea. q
Haverford Jtov. 27 St. L0u1« .......D«<v If
Philadelphia ....Dee. 4] Philadelphia ....Deo. II
RED STAR LINK
Maw York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays at 13 noon.
•Vaderland Nor. 20{Frlesland ....... XX
Haverford Nor. HlSouthwark JDao. M
•Zeeland Dec. 4l*Vaderlaad Dec, H
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Paclfle Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
oceanics.s.e>.
5. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Not. 14, 10 a. m,
8. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Not. 23. 1 p. m.
8. 8. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .„
*. Not. ». 10 a. m.
J.O.SP^CKELJ4Bm.CB..Iio« ) Iw^.S27IarW«
*m'\ Paaiapr 143 lirtit St.. l* 7. Pig* St
DAM AM A D D stmmshi?
rANAMA n, Hi line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1106; Steerage, 140: Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Dee. 1
6. 6. Leelanaw sails
6. 6. Argyll v sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at I p. a.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3. Pier 10. 13 m.
PERU Not. HI COLOMBIA ....Dee. T
PALENA Not. «| TUCAPEL Dec. XX
These steamers' are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office Sit California street.
BALFOUR. QUTHRIB » CO.. Gen. Agents.
OVASRII .' SIHIBaU niJUTLAHTIQOI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -^^-
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier U. Ssaasßssl
North River, foot of Morton street.
First, class to Havre. 170 and upward. Second
class to Hsvru, $46 and upward. <>£>$£
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 13 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. rCOAZI A CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents. » Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND HIVES STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJU
StBamflr3 QBN. FRISBIB or MONTICSLW
day. Sunday. »45 a. m.. t3O p na. Uv«ADVERTISEMENT*.
CANCER
Sufferers from this horrible malady
nearly always inherit it — not necessarily
from the parents, but may be from some
remote ancestor, for Cancer often runs
rough several generations. This deadly
poison may lay dormant in the blood for
yesrs, or until you reach middle life, then
the first little sore or ulcer makes its ap-
I^arance —or a swollen gland in the
breast, or some other part of the body,
gives the first warning.
To cure Cancer thoroughly and perma-
nently all the poisonous virus must be
eliminated from the blood — every vestage
of it driven out. This S. S. S. does, and
is the only medicine that can reach deep-
seated, obstinate blood troubles like this.
When all the poison has been forced out
of the Eastern the Cancer heals, and the
disease never returns.
Cancer begins often in a small way, as the
following letter from Mrs. Shirer shows :
A small plraple cair.e on my jaw about an inch
below the ear on the left side ef my face. It gave
tne no paincr sneonveu- .^BS^sSsJw
cince, and I should have
forgotten about it had it a^^^^"^^^^.
t»c: begun to •.•• cr.rr.e and JP*^_" "
itch ; it would b'.ctd a fjJv'ifi *HT*
little, then scab over, but ¦Siissfi l*B»*«.l *B»*«. »a
vrou'.d not heal. This vfvS^ *€!*>'' SSsT
continued for some time, CT^-3f? tTO
when ray javr be^an to V^yjULiJflf •»
swel'i. bee ¦> r.: ir.g very \J J?JFIH- *r*
painful. The Caacer be- ;>" \Tf^^T\ jg^V
t:s.n to eat a=d spread, ."-^ ie^^'' JmSmi
until it Trass* large cs a cJ»sst**4c2* '^kff'
ha'.ftlc'.'.ar.'n-henl heard jyg^^^y y*TO^
ed to pive it n fair trial,
end ii was lemarkable \*ttgW&*®*' *
what a wonderful effect "" -
it had FrowtlK very beginning : tbe sore bejran to
heal nd after taking a fevr bottles disappeared
entirely. This was two yenrs ago ; there are still
no signs cf the Cancer, cr.d my general beatlh
continues good.— Mrs K. Shiher, La Plata, Mo.
H^ blood purifiers, and the
o:i one guaranteed
P ure - v vegetable. Send
W& W^ for our free book on
Cancer, containing valuable and interest-
ing information about this disease, and
wnte our physicians about your case. We
make no charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFiC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.
CZAR PLEASED
WITH THE ROAD
Congratulates De Witte
on Great Siberian
Line.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. -—Replying
to a congratulatory telegram from the
Finance Minister, M. <Ie W'itte, announc
ing the eompleuon of the Siberian Rail
road the Czar telegraphed as follows:
"I thank you sincerely Cor your joyfu'
communication. I congratulate you on
ihe completion •within so short a time an-»
amid i&ci edible difficulties of one of the
greatest railroad undertakings of the
world "
M. de Wine's telegram recalled the fact
that the Bar turned the sod of the rail
road to Vladivostok May 19, 1901. and that
on the anniversary of his accession the
line was completed.
The Minister added: "With the laying
of rails a distance of 24«0 versts from
Trans-Baikal territory to Vladivostok and
Port Arthur our enterprise in Manchuria
is practi< al!y though not entirely con
cluded. Temporary traffic is now possible
aimer the whole sysfm. and we hope
within the two years it will be opened to
permanent r**e^!ar traffle."
France Seeks Industrial Light.
laHl(= N ¦ -— A decree of the Minis
- M MiUeyrand. will be
' irrow, appointing a com-
Btudy the industrial *ite which
- iMlsh in the Unit»Ml
of industrial meth-
The commission which is composed
.rteer, .members), is presided over by
and Includes M. Bouquet,
¦ Technical Depart
- - of Commerce and
• and private Indus-
STETTIN. Nov. 9.— The German battle-
Fhip Mecklenburg was launched here to
day ll the presence of the Grand Duk*
of Mecklenberg-Schwerin and the Grand
Duchess Marie of Mecklenberg-Schwerin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN free!
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
L. W. XNAPP, M. D. ;
How any mar may quickly cure himself after I b*en extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of ffufTerlnf from sexual weakness,' lost : m * up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
\lt«lity, night losses, varlcocele, etc., and en- " n .. T^" u £* nn !£ realise how happy I am."
U.«. .mail, weak organ, to full al« and vigor. nJuTSf i^SeuTwiSt r^eded^StVs'nirfh
Simply ~nd your name and address to Dr. L. and vigor have comoletHv returned an? £
sccept my a,nc*re thank, j I ,^ W'Sffift
suss f fflaft& iina ttzkszi \i £%*&*• "^« w?au?;«^s
GRAIN-LADEN FLEET OF VESSELS MAKES SAIL AND
SUGAR BOATS ARRIVE IN PORT FROM THE ISLANDS
THE NEW STEAMSHIP NOW BEING BUILT BY HAY & WRIGHT TO REPLACE THE ALOHA THAT "WAS
BURNED IN RICHARDSONS BAY SEVERAL WEEKS AGO. SHE WILL BE PLACED IN THE COAST TRADE
WHEN SHE GOES INTO COMMISSION NEXT x EAR.
A BIG fleet of sailing vessels sailed
for coast and foreign ports yester
day, while nearly as large a num
ber of windjammers arrived.
Among those that got in were the
Kosmos liner Totmes and the barks Al»
bert and Alden Besse and barkentine Will
iam EL Dlmond.
Among the departures were the Kosmos
liner S*sostrls and the ships Toxteth. Cali
fornia and Haddon Hall. The Astral. W.
S. Ciampa and La Bruyere were to have
gone out, but the threatening weather
and difficulty in securing sailors kept
them from putting to sea.
The Toxteth. Haddon Hall and Califor
nia are all bound for England and there
is a good-natured rivalry among the cap
tains as to which vessel will get home
first. Captain Pritchard of the Haddon
Hall has his vessel In nrst-class trim and
he expects to win out, while Captain Doty
¦f the California and Captain Lines of
the Toxteth are equally confident that
they will win. The Italian ship F. S.
Clainpa and the French bark La Bruyere
sail to-day for Europe, and they also are
to have a race. If the Carnpa wins Cap
tain Lesage of the La Bruyere la to pay
Tor a dinner, while if the bark proves
the winner. Captain Maresca will have to
do the honors. Both the latter captains
expect to beat the English ships, which
sailed yesterday to Queenstown.
ACCIDENT ON THE TOTMES.
Two Men Killed by an Accidental Ex
plosion of Signal Sockets.
There was a peculiar accident on
the Kosmos liner Totmes by which
Third Officer Slevers and Second Steward
\Y inkier lost their lives. The vessel ar
rived yesterday from Hamburg via San
Benlto and only brought up one passen
ger. The newa of the disaster was tele»
graphed from Central America, but the
details were lacking.
Third Officer Sievers was In the room
In which the powder, rockets and other
explosives were kept, making an inven
tory of the stock. By some means or an- I
other a rocket was set off and the room i
was wrecked. Sievers lived for five hours j
and told the captain that he must have j
dropped a match, or else a spark from I
his pipe did the mischief. The unfortunate
officer was terribly burned and died In
great agony.
Second Steward Wlnkler must have been
passing the door when the powder room
blew up He waa found In the scuppers
with the door covering him and stone I
dead. His «kull was fractured and he
must have been killed Instantly. Just at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10,. 1901.
the moment of the disaster he must have
been at the entrance to the room and the
explosion forced the door out on top of
him and he was thrown against a stapch
lon, fracturing his skull.
Carrier Pigeon Comes Aboard.
Captain Corkhill of the British ship
Sierra Blanca reports a peculiar experi
ence during the run from Europe to San
Diego. He wrote to the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday that when the vessel
was off Rio de Janeiro a carrier pigeon
came aboard. It made itself perfectly at
home and for more than a month was the
pet of the crew. Then It took a notion
to go farther afield and disappeared. Cap
tain Corkhill reports that it had a metal
band on Us right leg on which was
ptamped "18— 99— «1." while on Its left leg
It had a rubber band with "L 8" marked
on it. The chances are that the bird es
caped from an ocean liner.
New Aloha Under Way.
Hay & Wright are hard at work on a
vessel at Alameda Point that wijl be
practically a new Aloha. The old vessel,
after serving on the coast in the lumber
trade, was made into a passenger boat
and carried gold hunters to Nome. Then
she was changed back Into a steam
schooner, and during the strike was laid
up in Rlchardaons Bay, and while there
she caught nre and was burned to tho
water's edge. C. P. Doe & Co. purchased
the wreck and sent her over to the ship
yard to have her engines and boilers
taken out. But few of the old timbers
can be used in the reconstruction, ho
practically a new vessel is being built on
new plans. She will be launched early in
the year, and while no name has been
decided upon by her owners the chances
are she will be called Aloha.
Water Front Notes.
Th« Pacific Mail Company's big freight
er Algoa arrived from the Orient last
nlfrht. She does not carry passengers and
brings no later news than that of the
mail boat.
The Oceanic Company's mall steamship
Ventura will get away for tho colonies at
10 a. m. on the 14th inst.
The transport Grant will get away for
Manila on the 15th Inst, and the Meade
will follow her next day.
The transport Warren is being over
hauled at Kobe and will be sent back to
Manila for troops.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The German ahlp Willy Rlckmers la char
tered for wheat to Europe, 32a. The barks
Alden Besse and Albert will load merchandise
for Honolulu; the schooner E. K. Wood, lum
ber <m Pug^t Bound for Gunymas; the ship
Klorence, coal at Taeoma for Honolulu; the
Or^at Admiral, lumber on Puget Sound for
Melbourne, 46a Id.
A Wheat Cargo.
T*ie French bark La Bruyere was cleared
yeaterday for Queenatowu for orders with 67.US
ctls wheat, valued at 564.4Z5. and 20.000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $300.
A Steamer for Manila.
The Norwegian steamer Horda was cleared
yeaterday for Manila with 637 pkga mlllwork
valued at 8959 aa part cargo. The ateamer will
call at Portland and Seattle, where she will
ioad the balance of her cargo.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The gasoline schooner Besale X was cleared
yes'.erdey for Enaenada with an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at 84712, Including th«
following: 23,555 ft lumber, 6 pkga machinery,
20 bdla aacka, 3 colla wire rope, 4 ca hardware.
2 tanks. 12 pkgs anchor and chain, 8 pkga
grocerlea and provisions, 1 cs drugs, 2 pkga
fruits and vegetables. 10 tons coal, 2 cs caps
and fuse, 3 cs canned goods, 5 sks potatoea, 3
eks onions, 100 lbs dried fruit.
The Curacao's Cargo.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Thursday
for Mexican ports, carried a large cargo valued
at $62,655. The principal shipments were aa
follows: 10,175 lbs dried fruit, 7612 gals wine,
84 cs whisky, 1765 lbs 6 pkgs tea, 56 pkgs wire,
"4>B lba aulphate of copper, 784 lba man h,
674 lbs aoda, 50,668 lba aulphur. 856 ca aalmon,
49 pkga ahlp chandlery, 61 cs stationery, 630
M!i ahooka. 8290 lbs apices, 1032 lba seed, 4142
Iba aago. 16.180 lbs rice, 29 colla rope, 200 ctla
rolled barley. 620 lba 10 bxa ralalna. 6860 Iba
realn, 40 ca axle greaae, 16 pkga agricultural
Implements. 4785 lbs butter, 442 lbs borax 2
ca 4627 lbs bread, 10.100 lbs bran, (32 lbs blue
stone, 7 ca beer, 207 lbs codfish, 1 cs 8442 lbs
cheeae, 27 ca candles, 6 ca champagne, 1468
lba chocolate, 1023 cs canned gooda, 23,600 lba
coffee, 440 gala coal oil, 44 pkga dry gooda, 26 ca
.-irug*. A', ca electrical suppllea. 6 bbls flour,
87 ca fuse, 1321 pkga fruit and vegetables, 622
pkffs erooerlea and provlalona, 2623 lba ham and
bacon, 862 pkgs hardware, 6 bates hoae, M
pkga atrel and Iron. 200 bale* hsy, 14 cs llqunra
IG.SX2 ft lumber, 1999 lbs lard, 6 pkga leathtf
and flndlnga, 723 lbs mlllatuffa, 1686 lba malt 423
fikga machinery, 97 pkga nalla. 1976 lba nuu
M pkga onions, 1064 pkga potatoea 60 pkga
paper, 961 pkga paste. 837 pkga palnta and olla,
6 bdla pipe and nttlnga.
Departure of tht Kosmos Liner.
The Kosmoe line steamer Bcsoatris sailed yes
terday for Hamburg- via West Coast with a
general cargo valued at 192,788, manifested and
destined aa follows: For Mexico, 114.953; Cen
tral America, $17,343; Ecuador, 18938; Peru
$28,010; Chile. 85691; France, $4114; Germany
$11,742; England, $1200; Holland, $760. The
principal export* were as follows:
To Mexico— bbls , flour, -- 70! gals wine 20
ci gasoline, 106 pkgs groceries and provisions.
1660 lbs raisins, 800 cs dynamite, 60 ca fuse
4 cs arms and ammunition, 1408 lbs soda ash!
800 lb« grease, 13 cs paper, 1 200 gals coal oil
10 cs hardware, 3 ca electrical supplies. 2 pltcs
machinery. IS pkgs paints and oils, 82 ca hard
ware, 806 pkga pasta, 4000 ft lumber, 2 cs
drugs, 62 cr potatoes and onions, 66 lbs codfish '
20 kegs powder, 13 bxs fresh fruit. 6 ca dry
goods. ¦ -¦ . .•. -¦. •• :¦ --¦ - :, ) , .... *
To . Central America— l 800 bbla flour, 708 gala
wine, 67 pkgs dry goods, - 2 , pkgs paints and
oils, 40 ca whisky,. 2440 lbs tea, 41 ctls wheat
28 cs tin, 7000 lbs sulphur. 6270 gala coal oil'
3 pkgs groceries and provisions, 800 cs pow
der. 26 bxs fresh fruit, 3 pkga machinery, 6 oa
liquors, 12* era potatoes. 300 lbs lard, •m ¦ lbs
spices, 81 lbs ham and bacon. , .'-
To Ecuador- 2269 bbls flour, 13 bdls ' brooms
24 cs 1706 gals wine. 1980 lbs dried fruit «2
cs canned goods. 80 era potatoes, 16 bxs fresh
fruit, 67 ca salmon, 188 lbs spices. , ; V?T
To Peru— bbla flour. 1200 lbs hops, 480 cs
salmon 76 pk«a shot. 13,448 ctla i wnwitTwo
lbs shrimps, 106 i* canned goods. 4171 lbs dried
fruit, 600 os Powder, ( cs drugs, 8523 lbs tallow
SO cs fuse. S cs caps, 6828 ft lumber, 461 lba
ham and bacon, 16.000 railroad tlea.
To Chile— 250 bbls flour. 618 os aalmon. 200
colla rope. 18 pkga machinery. 25 ca liquors.
4 pkga groceries and provlalons, 120 ca canned
gooda, 1832 lba tea, 250 gala coal oil.
To France— 295 cs canned goods, 66 cs pre
served fruit. 31.000 lbs dried fruit.
To Germany— sooo gals olive oil, 924 gals wine,
10.003 ft lumber. 10 cs canned gooda. 11.028 lba
rye.
To England— Ml aks cascara bark. 116 aks
horns.
To Holland— lo7 cs honey.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November t.
Btmr Ruth, Anflndsen. 40 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 8 days 14 hours
from Seattle.
Br atmr Algoa. Hansford, 83 daya from
Hongkorg. via Mojl 23 daya.
Ocr atmr Totmea, Paesaler. 93 days from
Hamburg, etc, via San Benlto SH days.
Bktn W U Dlmond. Hanson, 23 days from
Hopolulu.
Bchr Amethyst. Chrlstensen, 34 daya from
Eureka.
Schr Rio R«y, Hacernah, 1 days from Bea
View Landing.
Schr Gotama, Senaen, 9 days fm Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, November 9.
Nor utmr Herds, Svendaen. Manila, via Se
attle and Portland; Charles Nelson Co.
Bark Olympic, Qlbbs, Honolulu; Williams.
Dlmond * Co.
Fr bark La Bruyere, Lesage, Queenstown; L
KtuSmin.
Schr Halcyon, Johnson. Maiatlan and La
Paa. via FOrt Bras*; Hlclunan * klaatarson.
Schr Besale K. Peterson. Enaenada; C D
Bunker A Co.
BAILED.
' Saturday. November t.
Stmr Cbieo. Jensen. Kort Braxg.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. .
Stmr Luelia, Madsen. .
Stmr Hutta. Anftndsen. .
Stmr On w Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Prograso. Hardlns;, Seattle.
Stmr Corona, Qlelow, 6an Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hmnwn, Mendoolno.
Etmr Ban Padro, Janaan, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nloolson. southern coast
Btmr Bonlta, Nosander, southern coast.
Btmr Navarro. Olsen. — . "
Btmr Scotia. Walvig, — .
Stmr Oeo Loomls, Brldgett, Redondo.
Stmr South Coaat. Olsen, — .
Ger atmr Seaoatrla, Ttnuni, Hamburg, etc.
VUitam Olsen. Rervlk. Port Townaend.
Ship America. Hardlnc. Comox.
Br ahlp Toxteth. Lines. London.
Br ahlp California, Doty, Liverpool.
Hark OlymDlc. Glbba. Honolulu.
Br berk Haddon Hall. Prltchard. Queens
town.
Schr Melanctbon. Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr O W Watson, Lass. Portland.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. Eureka.
Schr W F Jewett. Mlkkelaon. Taconuu
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 9— Br ship Valkyrie, from
Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia, sunk In collision
in River Elbe.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB, Nov , 9. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind BE. velocity ZO miles per bour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 9— Russ bark Fahr
wohl. for Que- nstown.
Arrived Nov 9— Br stmr Queen Adelaide,
from Hongkong.
SAN DIEGO— Ball*d Nov 9— Br ship Rivers
dale, for Portland; stmr laqua. for Eureka.
WHATCOU-Balled Nov 8-Schr Prosper. fo»
Fremantle.
PORT OAMBLE-Balled Nov t-Bark Ceylon,
for Honolulu; achr Ludlow, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 9— Schr Maid
of Orleana. for San Franclaco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Robt
R Hind, from Port Townaend.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 9— Br stmr Lang
bank, from Hlogo; bktn Addenda, from Callao.
Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Columbia, for Ban Fran
cisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov »— Stmr Acme,
hence Nov 4.
SANTA BARBARA— BaIied Nov 8— Schr J H
Bruce, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Deapatch,
hence Nov 4.
NEAH BAT— Paased In Nov 9— Stmr John S
Klmba.li. hence Nov 6; stmr Rainier, hence
Nov 6; stmr Robert Dollar, hence Nov S, fur
Seattle.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov I, 10:40 a m—
Btmr Pasadena, from San Pedro, for Eureka.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 9— Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 9— Br bark For
mosa, 117 daya from Antwerp; stmr 8t Denla,
from Ensenada.
Rallf.l Nov 9— Br ship Rlveradale, for Port
land; nmr laqus, for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov A-Rtmr
San Mateo, from Nanalmo; stmr Santa Rosa,
from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 8— Bchr Alvena, for Taccma: Btmr
Santa Rosa, for San Franclaco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Pomona, he
Nov 8: atmr Lskme. hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 9. — Schra Lottie Caraon, Fortuna
and Ida McKay, for San Franclaon; atmr
Brunswick, for Coos Bay; stmr Aberdeen, for
San Frenclaco; *tmr Signal, for Portland;
atmr Santa Barbara, for San Franclaco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
8T VlNCENT— Arrived Nov B— Br stmr Cym
twllne. henca Aug 80. for United Kingdom.
BRISBANE— Arrived Nov 7— Br atmr Aoran
gl, from Vancouver.
QUEF.NBTOWN— Arrived Nov B— Br ship
Dynomene, henre June 16; Br bark Nlvelle
from Oregon. Nov B— Br ahlp Rierra Katrflla,
hence July 7; Br ship Clan Oalbralth, from
Tacoma, >
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 7— Br stmr Duke
Liver TONIC
ft^^y»W>- CANDY CATHARTIC^^^^^^
25c SOe/^^MSnSnVVSRREii^^^^ NEVER
4LL DRUGGins^ 4^-KiA||||aL«iS-Uia'^^OLD IN BULK
Ml DC all a l»pwel tronblee, appcin. f||| Mfk ¦ UTbCbCII S.° '° v RIB *
Xt sl«Hie, blllensn«se, bad UUAKAIITI"!" II && T 17«K'«Kq
'"¦i breath! bad blood, wlad on MWilllHll I ktU Che K»|boxo]
?*•«**•
nioata.iteaaaene,inqigesiion, pimpirn, year, greater than apralmllar medicine In
pains alter eating, liver trouble, sal- th«worl<i. This la abiolut* proof of great
low complexion and dlulnese. when PWti •JP« ur/ > i!II^U'CwF o E I< 4* .*y* nave
«mr bowels dont move regularly you f , th Vl™ ••'* oascarkts abaolateir goar>
are getting sick. < Ipatlon VllL fo a .TO, t ?^S rr 0 0 r box*!* Vive tli*«m i°f l?/
mere people than all other diseases l.onrVt'trikT, as per stmpfi Slf¥ctTons,
together. It 1* a starter for the ehrpn- jf you are not satisfied , after usln g one Wo
le ailments Midi Ions; years of suffering, box, return the unused 000 box and the
that come afterwards). Wo matter ipipty pox to us by mall, or the druggist
what alls yonVfltart taking ' (<ti('Aß. Tom wnomyou nurohnsed It, and get your
wra S. Sir V* vahwliT *m»« «! money baok/orl>ofh boxes, fake our ad-
w3 .^¦ d f^lAS?.^h A W ..JLl 1 Eet ««^Poms^rwhatßdlayoi»--atfjrtto.daT 1
well and be well at the same time nn* Health win qnlokir follow an<T you wfi]
tU yon pnt yonr bowels right. Take w VLftfULV zpa hrst at«rt«<i th* as* ot
onr advleet etart wlfth CAfiCABETS CABOARETB. Book free br mail. Address!
to-day, under an absolate guarantee «o »TERLIH« REMEDY COMPANY,
ear© or meaey refunded. m K£W YOBK or CHICAGO.
of Fife, from Tacoma. •
Sailed Nov B—Br shio Elginshire,! for Ta
coma. Nov »— stmr Doric, for San Fran
cisco.*. ¦: ¦ ';' • '&s&t*U) ¦ t-i >•-,'•• - ¦ -->:'..¦ ' , .'
LAMLASH—Arrived Nov B—Br ship Senator,
from Greenwich, for Seattle. ¦
BEACHY HEAD-Passed Nov 8-Br ship
Dovenby Hall, from Antwerp, for Oregon. •
BRISBANE—SaiIed Nov 7—Br stmr Mio
wera, for Vancouver. : • . ¦
PANAMA—SaiIed Nov 7—Stmr Hyades, for
San Francisco. - ¦. ¦-¦ -¦ • ¦
PERlM—Passed Nov B—Br atmr Hatasu.
from Norfolk, for Manila.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 9—Br
atmr Braemar. from Seattle. - •
ACAPULCO— Nov 7-Btmr San Juan,
for Panama. .
-,A-- • OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Sailed Nov 9—Stmr Mesaba, for
London: stmr Rotterdam,, for Rotterdam; stmr
Columbia, for Naples: stmr Umbria, for Liv
erpool; atmr Pretoria, for Hamburg.
' HANKOW— Arrived Nov B—Stmr Oceano.
from Portland, Or. via Mororan, etc.
YOKOHAMA-Arrived prior to Nov Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong. -. --¦.-.
GENOA—Sailed Nov B—Stmr Fuerst Bis-
Blumarck, for New York.
•ANTWERP— Nov 9—Stmr Haverford,
for New York. , • ¦ .
HAVRE—Balled Nov 9— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York. -
LIVERPOOL-Salled Nov 9-Stmr Etruria,
for New York. i '
QUEENBTOWN—SaiIed Nov 9-Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool, for New York.
BREMEN—SaiIed Nov 9—Stmr Koenigen
Lulne. for New York. • ' ~ '
CHERBOURG-^Sailed Nov Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for Net» York. . :
. AUCKLAND—SaiIed Nov 9— Stmr . Sierra.
irom Sydney, NSW,'-for San Francisco.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters' at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. > ¦ •
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five - minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 10.
Sun rises 6:46
Sun sets 5:02
Moon rises (new) 6:01 a. m.
Time Time- Tlmtl Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LWHW L W H W
10 .. 4:03 2.1 10:9 6.8 6:05 0.0
HWL.W H W L W
1 .. 0:06 4.6 4:35 2.6 10:53 5.8 6:40-0.1
IS .. 0:50 4.4 6:08 1.9 11:20 5.7 « 16 —0.2
13 .. 1:35 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.6 6:50—0.2
14 .. 2:18 4.4 6:18 8.2 12:20 5.4 7:30—0.1
15 .. 3:02 4.S 7:07 3.2 12:56 5.2 8:10 0.0
16 .. 3:46 4.6 8:06 3.2 1:41 4.9 8:55 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the aarly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the succesalve tides of the
day In tha order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column glvea the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tldea aa
sometlmea occurs. The heights a;lven are In
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
algn precedes the height, and then the number
given is aubtrscted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
tho lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer From. Duo.
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Nov. 10
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 10
Peru Valparaiso A Way Pt». Nov. VJ
Btat« of Cal... San Diego & Way Pta. Nov. ID
Queen Seattle Nov. 10
Soi-*i Portland Seattle Nov. 11
Co. nbla Portland * Astoria Nov. 11
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 11
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 11
laqua.' San Diego Nov. 11
Rival Wlllapa Harbor |Nov. 11
Czarina Seattle A Taeoma Nov. U
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov It
Pleiades Seattle Nov. U
Qrace Dollar.. I Orays Harbor Nov. 12
Waahtenaw... I Taeoma Nov. 12
Eureka Humboldt .¦ Nov U
Edtth Seattle Nov IS
Arcata Cooa Bay Nov. IS
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 13
Alliance Portland A Coos Bay.. Nov. IS
Walla Walla. . Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Asuncion Taeoma Nov. 14
Santa Rosa.... San Diego A Way Pta. Nov. 14
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov 14
Corona I Ran Pedro A Way Pts. Nov. 14
San Bias | Panama A Way Ports. Nov 15
Raxnaes .SeattU Nov. 15
China China and Japan !Nov 16
O. W. Elder..., Portland A Astoria iNov. It
J. S. Klmball..! Seattle A Taeoma 'Nov it
North Fork 1 Humboldt Nov IS
T'matllla i Puget Sound Porti Nov. 18
ralena. Valparaiso A Way Pts. Nov. 19
Alameda I Honolulu Nov. a>
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination^ Sails. pier.
. November 10.
*¦*•**; Humboldt I am Pltr It
Santa Roaa.. San Diego ft War. 9am Pier 11
. . . I November 11.
Mandate?.... l CoqulU* River Pier —
laqua Humboldt 4 pni Pier —
New burg Urays Harbor 5 pm Pier a
—_^._ _ November 12.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9am Pier 3
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. U am Pier 9
< November 13.
Pomona. Humboldt 1:10 p Pier 9
Bant* Ana... Seattle. ft Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
state of Cal.. Ban Diego ft Way. 9 am Pier 11
Kival.... Wiiiapa Harbor.... 6pm Pier 3
November 14.
Arcata Coo« Bar U m Pier 13
Bta. Barbara. Humboldt 10 am Pier 1
Peru Valparaiso & War 13 m Pier 10
Columbia Portland A Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura Sydney ft Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
November IS.
Czarina Seattle ft Tacoma. S pm Pier t
Alliance Portland ft Coos B. 9 am Pier 3
Or. Dollar... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier I
November 10.
Corona Newport ft Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Ar#na. Pomt J Arena 1 pm Pier . 1
H'ngk'gMan China and Japan.. 1 pm PMBS
November IT.
Walla Walla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 18.
Newport...... Panama ft Way... .12 m PMSS
November 19. I |
O. W. Elder. Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier II
I**- . ¦. November 20. i
Ramses Hamburg ft Way Pier. 27
FROM SEATTLE.
* . Steamer. From. ; Due.
Bertha.... Valdei & K0d1ak....... Nov. 10
City of Topeka Ska«uay ft Way Ports. Nov. 11
City or Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Cbu. Nelson.. Skacuay & Way Porta. Nov. IS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, 17. 8. N., Mer
chant*' Exchange, Ban Franclaco, Cal
November 9. 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. o . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
p. m . Greenwich mean time.
W. H. BTANDLEY,
Lieutenant. U. S. Navy. In Charge.
Fought With a Policeman.
Jeremiah O'Dowd, saloonkeeper, ill
Fifth street, appeared before Judge Ca
banlss yesterday on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. The complaining
Vitnesß was Policeman Fogarty. O'Dowd
*ras on a car Friday night on his way to
his home at 131 Julian avenue and fell
aiileep. At Twenty-Ninth and Sanchez
Btraets the conductor asked Fogarty to
eject O'Dowd from the car. The officer
uecd O'Dowd rather roughly and alleges
that O'Dowd struck him on the head with
a bottle during the fight that followed.
The Judge dismissed the case.
% NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PERSONAL -
MAGNETISM
A College, Chartered Under
State \a we, With a Cap-
ital of $100,000, for
the Purpose of Teach-
ing Personal Mag-
* netism and Hypno- ' \
ism by Corres-
pondence.
EVERYBODY MAY NOW LEARN.
Ten Thousand Copies of o Valu-
able Work on These Sciences
to Be Glv;n Away loAdvcr-
t'se the College.
"'¦ i. .- • .¦: ': ¦ • " ' »
The American College of Sciences of
Philadelphia. Pa., is a novel Institution.
It la chartered under State laws, with a
capital of $100,000, for the purpose of
teaching Personal Magnetism, Hypno-
tism, . Magnetic Healing, etc., by corre-
spondence. '
At an expense of over $5000 the college
has issued a remarkable work on these
sciences, ten | thousand copies of which
will be given ¦ away absolutely free. The
book Is elegantly Illustrated with the
most expensive engravings, and it la de-
cidedly the finest and moat comprehen-
sive work of Its kind ever published. It
is the product of the combined talent of
thirty distinguished hypnotic specialists
and scientists, , It thoroughly explains all
the hidden secrets of Personal Magnetism.
Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing, etc. It is
full of surprising experiences, and makes
many startling disclosures In regard to
the use and possibilities of this secret
power. '
The college absolutely guarantees that
an/ one can learn these sciences in a few
days at home, and use the power with-
out, the knowledge of his most intimate
friends. _ • T,
The reporter asked for the names and
addresses of some of the pupils so that
he might communicate with them per-
sonally. Several hundred were offered, ,
from which the reporter selected eighty-
four. The replies received were more
than sufficient to convince the most skep-
tical In regard to the wonderful benefits
to be derived from this mighty power.
There were absolutely no failures. All
had learned to make practical use of the
sciences. The following extracts are
taken at random from the letters for the
benefit of readers:
J. H. Bchneller, 1412 Avon St., La. Crosac,
\Y!s., writes: "Hypnotism truly reveals tha
| secrets of life and the mysteries of nature. My
own father could not have convinced me of its
wonderful power If I bad not actually tested it
for myself. I consider a knowledge of It Ink-
valuable to those who wish to get the most out
of life; to those who wish to achieve success
and live up to the full measures of their pos-
sibilities."
Mrs. Effle M. 'Watson. Martlnsvllle, lad.,
writes: "Hypnotism opens the road to health,
happiness and prosperity. It should be studied
by every one. I would not part with my knowl-
edge. of It for any amount. The Instructions
have developed within me a force of character,
an ability to Influence and control people that
I did not dream I could acquire."
J..W. Cllnser. # M. D.. Spring-field. Ohio,
writes: "I have used the methods of hypnotism
taught by the American College of Science In
two case* of difficult surgical operations wltn
perfect success. It la a complete anaesthetic,
and preferable to chloroform or ether. I ac-
quired a practical knowledge of hypnotism la
less than three days. The book Is grand."
Rev. T. W. Butler, Ph. D., Idaho City, Idaho
writes: "I have cured a number of chronic
cases of rheumatism, dyspepsia and paralysis
of lons standing; have not had a single failure;
I consider a knowledge of Personal Magnetism
Invaluable. The book has greatly Increased my
own powers."
Dr. W. P. Kennlcutt, 529 State St.. Blngham-
ton. N. T., writes: "I had Ions; suffered from
nervous iroatratlon and dyspepsia. My caso
baffled all medical skill. I studied hypnotism
from the American College of Sciences and
tried it upon myself with surprising results. In
one week my stomach was better than It hat!
been in thirty years. I could eat anything with-
out the slightest distress. I can hypnotize my-
self In five minutes and sleep all night; have
hypnotized a number of others."
The first ten thousand persons who
write to the American College of Sciences
will - receive, absolutely free, the marvel-
ous book that brought success to the
above persons. It is Intensely interest-
ing from start to finish. It should be In
every home. If you want a copy write
to-day to the American College of Sci-
ences, Dept. 18 8., 416-420 Walnut street,
Philadelphia, Pa., and' you will receive
the book by return mail.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AW£Y.
a^^jk Sr^wTsl f*- ** *Hff Iffl sV^sHsas*.
RUPTURE^W^
CLREDIAI
BY FIDELITY METHOD. H [ W
We Care— Per- 1 A M
naaeßt-«B4 Guarantee ¦ K-.&T
for Life. We m.an what we ¦ tajy
hj. We can curs jou. 12,00* Hmp
cures In last 7 Tears. We cure In ¦ B^saV
60 days without pain or loss of ¦ H
tlmt. Successful oa men. women ¦
and children. N» chance for
failure. ¦ ¦ *
NO PAY UNTIL CURED ¦« j f
Testimonial! at our office or ¦ I B 3 I
reftre nets furnished on applies,- B M a I
ton. All patlsnU must come to ¦ I H ¦ I
this office for professional atua- 1 1 ¦• 5
lion. ,' B ¦'*
riDBLITT BUFTDbI Ou*BX, m
Room 4, 28 , K.amy Bl »*^ W
i^irni&MEN aid
2^1!lB£ WOMEN
«-V^BBg.Ii2JSHK^ Caa obtain renew-
/ — HMli^B^ > vigor by the use of
' /JV5sJ^Sj?VktV ' Pierces (lat-
-^^rif^^jVvN^ "iiiioTWonir*
and Appliances. Drags do not cart. Xles-
trtelty lithe remedy i Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Ptsres's. for it Is the BEST.
Thousands cured! - ~.'
. CTCall at office or send a to stamp for
new "Booklet No. J." Address, PTERCR
ELECTRIC CO., IM Post at.. San Fran-
elsco. Eastern office— Broadway. Mew
- .York. , ¦ .¦ - - :; ¦ . - ¦ . -
D f T UI? Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
nKll^nPiJen. bootblacks, bath-
*f****M** houaaa. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. ¦'.; candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmilla. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangars, printers. painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. .
: .'BUCHANAN' BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. CO9 Sacramento St
DR. HALL'S fiEINViGORATOR«rng
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five kk a Mr a *WBP
hundred reward for any case wo ¦¦ assTA
cannot cure. This secret remedy I ¦
cures Einlislona. Impotency, ¦¦§ ¦¦¦
Varlcocele, Oonorrhoea, Gleet. IW!I mm
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- lily liiij
hood and • all other wasting ef- fHL_JI
facts- of - self-abuse or excesses. KIBBssBBsf
Sent sealed, |3 bottle; 3 bottles, IS: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 845 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also '. for i sale at j HMv,
Market st; a. F. Bend for free book. : .
NEW AD V JULTISJUODITI.
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION
SALE
REAL ESTATE
*
' The following' eholc* and aelact list of
improved and unimproved properties will
be sold for the heirs of th« late William
A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday, No-
vember 11th, 1301, at 12 o'clock noon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Oustave H. Umbsen, Bole Referee.
212 WASHINGTON STREET. '
B een Front and Darls streets. Im-
provements consist of (rune building.
Bent $60 per month. Lot 22*120 to Oregon
street.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist of a substantial
three-story and basement brick building,
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents $300 per month. Lot 40x88:8.
624 MARKET STREET.
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and :
basement brick building. Rent 1375 per
month. Lot 20x30.
1450-1452-1454- 1 456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET.
Southeast corner of Bush. This choice
Investment consists of two corners wttn.
five elegant two-story and basement
houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
1313 per momh. Lot 120x114:5.
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 25x120 each. ' ,
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET.
Northeast corner of Clementina street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building, con-
taining six stores. Bents $121 per month.
Lot 80x106. /
1451 -1453-1465- 1457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET.
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice
Investment* consisting of two corners.
with five elegant two-story and basement
residences of 14 rooms and bath each.
Rents $350 per month. Lot 120x144:1.
1212 TO* 1226 POLK STREET.
Southeast corner of Bush street. This
choice business property 'consists of two
corners and is close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Improve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
: frame building. No. 1225 Bush street.
Rents- $331 per month. Lot 13QxKMi 1.-ree .
frontages.
; .
219 FRONT STREET.
Between California and Sacrament*
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building. Rents
$140 per month. Lot 25x87
25 AND 227 THIRD STREET.
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
Choice business corner. Consists of frame) '
improvements, containing store and flat .
above. Rent $50 per month. ; Lot 30xS0.
NORTHEAST CORKER SUTTER
I AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot TOxUBI
Three frontages.
MCALLISTER STREET.
. .% -- ¦ . • - , y ' • --.•;•;' ¦:
Near Junction of Market and , Jones
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely If
properly improved. Lot U3xB7:(. Irreg-
ular. • r #
CITY HALL AVENUE.
Between Leaven worth and City Rail
Square. Two choice building lots. , Sxioe
each.
BUSH STREET, SOUTH SIDE, BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
. Eight desirable and choice building lots, -
28x120 each. Two frontages. To.be offer-
ed separately. - ¦ -« .
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:fxJQ and 35x113:8 each. ¦
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda »,
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-365-367 and
363. 25x70 each.
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 530. Lot 300x300. Three
frontages. -•'•"; ' ¦ ¦> ¦ '-¦ '..','.¦'
Portion of Block BIS. Lot 100x150. . Two
frontages. . .'.';¦,.;
. Portion of Block SIX Lot 100x400. Three -
frontages. '/ . • i
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. .' ¦' : . ,- ' -"¦;:¦:'':-' ¦¦ '
Portion of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. ¦ '¦ ..-'';-.'¦¦•¦¦ \. r - :,- : :
. Portion of Block 468. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. ' ¦ .' : "
Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300." Two
frontages. -.. ¦ ¦../.... . "./¦¦'."
: Portion of Block 471. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. '
'¦? Portion of Block 511 Lot 100x300. . Tw» '
frontages. .; -- -. ; ..'.¦ * :, : :: : \-
For catalogue and further particulars.
apply to ; ,; . y
G. B. DMBSEN & CO.
14 Montgomery Bt.
3132
ADVERTISEMENTS. '- ¦"'' .¦^, ''¦•' ' '. . : -' • •;;
In Every Fashionable |'¦ ;. S[.i i?l?^^pß| . ; I- v
Center of the World /$ : 'MMSWaB^ : - ¦
To-day you will find men folks / /ji ¦¦ ' s >-' '.•:^3f '\f- V^iffflhAi&Fj liWHg 1 ' '
"STKOLLEft" m Iliiilpl^^B ¦ j
There is so much to commend the "'Stroller*' /'-vßjy '¦ ' •' "& '^"m $'&¦ »' ' "t **' '&•'&^ fflEfllßnlßr 1
to the fashionable dresser, and it's so univer- &5?Rk ,' ' f • % r 4fi'K*Uii ! Ah'i' ¦ \**J^i*K-S*'i'/s3BtittUmZ- 1
*.a!!y accepted as the swell winter overcoat of ¦'¦•S\£i^rJ*/-S +\'ill, '•'r^'->^'/j>^wßW|lMffi I
the day. that comments at our hands as to its I- , / .- '.-'^ \^ic>Lf^| \'-i?(V&.i < .< x '/J^e^^k^eaßßrmSSL I
fashionabienes* are unnecessary. f- ''¦ 'rA'' * ; iriSJ /ss{•*' > tfiSftiLw&'
It s pictured opposite : you see the "Stroller" Vs^f^'7 c^U^ljJ '^jw^f* Ixs&1 x $& J '^swmßßS&^
The '"Stroller" in those ver>- pretty olive lfefcaSJ fc?*''M' -^4A'» //>"jj»r ' •
shades of Vicuna cheviot: also in those smart """^"""THHl^bbbbbS""^*^
The Stroller " is a coat that represents intrin- Ili/n^HV VI Id ¦ ••' -
Need we remind you that we're king pins for m^SBlsH , ... . __ k . j _ t "
kAPHA&Lir [no
• cor.. KkAR/sy^/T. &r
unjon «J*quAR,E, aye;
POLICE ARE SEARCHING
FOR HIGHWAY ROBBERS
Pour Holdups Are Reported to the
Officers at the Central Police
Station.
The patrolmen at the Central station
were Instructed last evening to watch for
* gang, of highwaymen that has been
operatlng^on the water front and in the
district north of California street and
«-act of Kearny for the last several nightß.
Friday night four robberies, for which the
members of this gang are supposed to
be responsible, were reported to the offi
cer*.
The flirt of the holdups waa reported
from Pacific and Sansome street*. Cnarles
Donahue, a sailor, was seized from be
hind by three men. Two more robbers
stood ln front of him. one of them hold-
Ing a pistol while the other went through
Donahue's pockets, taking about $20 ln
cash. The nam^s of the other three vic
tims the police refuse to reveal.
The bird on a woman's hat has the
wings of riches.
JOE BOgENBEBXya
Bought From a Retiring Eastern Um-
brella Manufacturer at Less Than 65c
on the Dollar.
l^m^*^_ »0 UMBRELLAS, made of the
¦^m bs^bS*^ best ' a * t black Italian twilled cloth,
M K\ Kteel.rod, natural and Congo han-
>¦¦« ¦& dies. Sale price 41) c
. ""sfcSs™sa <^ 235 UMBRELLAS, made of fa.st
I^^Pl^^^^JJH&^^K black twilled nerre. steel rod, nat-
Varis^^V ural '"'ood crook handles, trimmed
€^d^^^jfrJV^\^^i\ with German silver. Sale price.. 6Oc
Z~M^iMmr AND ANOTHER.
W&ZXSKri/'TM" nlttl/ T->T -> UMBRELLAS, made of best
Jit*?sXMJ'i/Ml / V mercerized gloria cloth, warranted
/rgNMfrWSMl'bji'+lM water proof and fast color; steel rod,
f AiAk\ / xlr paragon. frame, highly polished im-
' *HH r ported wood handles, sterling silver
, ' ¦* rjftljif •• trimmed. It is your opportunity to
4*rJ<23^ buy umbrellas at this price. ..81.25
Cs^flP/ lIICT 275 UMBRELLAS. self-openers.
jV.\W&" -**'^" It's a patent umbrella; by touching
/-'•fill ||j the button the umbrella opens. >. It is
J] 4-Jfm made of the best mercerized Italian
S4)J'!'[ : TtfsF cloth, steel rod, paragon frame, nat-
¦f/f .••/;¦ •¦•— ural wood handles, trimmings of
Jr/if' J-tM MICK. cord and tassel. On sale 51. 30
• ; ST.f/ll ¦ rJU !s '° ear of these umbrellas blowing
#H' \ : 'tin OsP Inside out: they are made extra
WlI' ;.ptk TIM«F MANY OTHERS IN HIGHER
MY Ii ii Am ¦ r **— • AND IX3WER PRICE THAT WILL
iRrV]-li\fV tio>? old IN EQUAL PROPOR-
m* JOE ROSENBERG,
<wV*C)r ' 816 Market St.,
r^ *£+* Running Through to II O'Farr II 6t.
ELAN BUILDING.
CUSTOMS COLLECTOR
REMOVED FROM OFFICE
Federal Official at El Paso Loses Posi
tion for Violation of
Law.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— Moses Dillon
was to-day removed from the office of
Collector of Customs at El Paso, Tex.,
on account of charges of violation of the
civil service law. These charges were
filed last spring by the Civil Service
Lea?rue and have since been under inves
tigation. They were Indorsed by the Civil
Service Commission.
The specific charges were that Dillon
wan instrumental ln having questions in
a civil service examination supplied ln
advance to candidates for appointment to
places under himself and also that he re
ceived* contributions for campaign Dur
poses. v
Raised to Presidential Grade.
WASHINGTON. Nov. ».— The fourth
class postofflces at Granite and Townsend
Mont., and Watervllle. Wash., will b«
raised to the Presidential grade January L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901,
TRADES COUNCIL
DENIES REPORT
Executive Board Says
Carpenters Did Not
Disobey.
The Building Trades Council took ac
tion last night regarding certain articles
which appeared ln yesterday's afternoon
papers and which were, according to the
executive board of the council, entirely
without foundation. After a lengthy dis
cussion the following official statement I
bearing the signatures of Louis Chester
chairman, and O. A. Tveitmoe, secretary,
was issued: '
In the preas of yesterday under the caption.
"Refused ord*r to atrlke," ia publlahed an
article In which la set forth the following-, to
wit: -Six striken took place yesterday (Fri
day) because of an order Isnutd by the Build
ing Tradea Council to boycot* Carpenters
Union No. 483. and that the plumbers quit
but that the carpenters from different union*
refused to obey the order, and that because of
their refusal much discussion was created In
labor circles last night."
The executive board of the Bulldlns: Trades I
Council desires to state positively that the en- '
tire article. In so far as It relates to strike* '
or boycotts on No. 483 men. Is absolutely with
•at foundation ln fact.
No carpenters refused to obey the orders ot
butlneafl scents, and whoever irave the news
to the writer of the above-mentioned article:
la saying the thlnz that was not. The great
majority of the carpenters are as good union i
men a* s.re to be found ln any trade In the '
Building Trades Council, and when there Is
an order Iraued by the council it Is always
lived un to by them.
Carpenter*' Union No. 483 voted to go back
to the Labor Council, and when It did so tho
union stood ausi>ended from the Building-
Trades Council, and that by Ita own act.
The effort that Is being made by some per
sons to disrupt, destroy and Impair the har
monious relations now i.nd for some time past
existing in the building Industry Is beyond our
comprehension, and In cur opinion can be at
tributed only to the fact that they are desirous
of keeping up a semblance of a fight for the
purpose. If possible, of covering up their past
mistakes. ;
. | Flavored I and ¦ Masoned •¦ In - wood, \ neb and
elegant with the beat materials used .by dis
tillers, it la no wonder , that • Jaaaa Moor* Is
the leading whiskey In the world. * ' •••
Monologue Recital.
Mm. Fred H. Hanson will give a mono
logue recital at Sherman-Clay Hall next
Thursday evening. S. Homer Henley will
render a number of vocal solos. The
Misses Pauline Pettto, Maude Hlckox
Mamie Henry, Arena King and Margue
rite Johnson will act as usher*.
Trapper's Oil carts rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dnnliti, Me flask. Richard * Co. 40f day. •
Petition in Insolvency.
Edward L. Fisher, druggist, at Btent,
Tuolumne County, filed a petition In in
solvency yesterday In the United State*
District Court. He owes $1347 39 and hat
$1060 assets.
Mme.L. Pilger, designer* maker of street
* evening gowns. 8 Kearny St., upstairs.*
RUSSELL RESIGNS AS CLERK
OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Continued M Health Is Assigned as the
Reason — Chares W. Fay, Mayor Phelan's
Secretary, Is Slated for the Position
JOHN A. RUSSELL, clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, placed' his
resignation in the hands of Mayor
Phelan yesterday. The reason for
the resignation as assigned by Mr.
Russell Is his falling health. He has not
been well for several months past, Rus
sell was afflicted with paralysis of the
right side some two years ago. He recov
ered shortly afterward and attended to
his duties for more than a year. He was
taken sick again four months ago anl
has been confined to his home during that
time.
Russell's resignation will be transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors by the Mayor
at to-morrow's meeting and It will be ac
cepted. Charles W. Fay. at present th 3
Mayor's private secretary, will succeed
to the position and will be appointed im
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TO
TAKE IMPORTANT STEP
Meeting of Members to Vote on the
Question of Disincorporation
Is Called.
Notices were posted yesterday tn th».
Produce Exchange rooms ln the Mer
chants' Exchange building calling d
meeting of the members for Tuesday,
November M. to consider the matter of
disincorporate. The meeting will be
held at 11 o'clock, and there is no doubt
that the proposition will carry- This In
one of the preliminary steps required to
arrange for the transfer of the interest*
of the various commercial bodies into a
new corporation.
Arrangements are being made for the
erection of a modern office structure on
the present site of the Merchants' Ex
change. In this as far as combination
can be effected will be gathered In one
central body the Merchants' Exchange.
Produce Exchange, Hay and Grain Ex
change and other commercial boards and
exchanges. The matter has progresaeJ
so far that it is now deemed necessary to
disincorporate the old organizations and
transfer their properties to the other. The
Produce Exchange has been the first to
take this necessary step.
Honor Chief of Honor.
The members of Forget Me Not Lodge
of the Degree of Honor. A. O. U. W..
tendered a reception last night in the
Red Men's building to Grand Chief of
Honor Mrs. Florence J. Nay and to the
members of Shield Lodge of San Mateo
and silver Spray Lodge of this city. Af
ter an address by the chief of honor of
the host lodge there was a response by
Mrs. Nay. vocal selections by Sam Booth
and Herman Meyer, recitation by Mrs.
Balne of San Mateo and a vocal solo by
M. Kurtel of the San Mateo lodge. This
programme In the lodgerootn was foi
lowed by a collation in the banquet hall,
where Fred Rothganger acted as toast
master.
WITH the publication of this
<J ** work, comprising 8 hand-
«rr-A M i^Anv some octavo volumes, a new era
"Eg 0 " in :" travel" literature begins. As
3.V per cent sufficiently shown by the title, it
™^ffi^'--' * s no a o neman work, recording
until the snap-shot impressions of one
decembeb ist individual during a hurried sched-
«wrrn • e^ tour / iS t^ le Joint product
the of (50 of the world's best known
> worlds authorities, portraying their \ im-
trJwelers." ¦¦ pressions during lengthy sojourns
:': '— ¦ -: :¦;';¦' in distant countries and among
-.tSHfJL unfamiliar peoples. - : ; v,
S^ Editors-in-chief— Charles Mor-
coast ris and Oliver H. G. Leigh.
D^wiHfi Among contributors— Admiral
(Proiprctu, Tree) W. S. Schley, Nathaniel Haw-
boom 61, thorne, Henry M. Stanley, Sir W.
mabket Gordon Gumming^ Mungo Park,
s. iv ;¦'¦;.• Alfred Terry Bacon. Henry M.
Field, A. H. Tevis, Marco Polo,
7 Amelia B. Edwards, Sir; John
10--— ----A Bowring and J39 others. {£¦"«•
VETERAN CLERK OF BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS. WHO RESIGNED
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESB.
mediately. If any means can be deviseJ
to vote Kusßell a pension for faithful ser
vices it will be done.
No man Is better or more favorably
known in municipal affairs than John A.
Russell. He has served the city as clem
of the board for thirty-four yean. He
was assistant clerk to James Blngham,
and on the latter's death succeeded to the
position In 1867. Russell administered the
affairs of the board in trying times—un
der the inauguration of the consolidation
act and at the inception of the new con
stitatlon. He was a competent man ia
the settlement of land titles under the act
of 1870, when titles were upset and finally
regulated by that Act. He has held h'.s
position under the administration of sev
eral parties, and such prominent men as
Stanyan, Shrai-r and McCoppin were Su
pervisors in his time.
John A. Behan. acting clerk of tho
board, made an effort to secure the posi
tion and succeeded In Interesting threo
Supervisors In his canvass. Fay, how
ever, had eleven Supervisors ln his camp,
and Behan withdrew on Fay's assurance
that he would use his Influence to have
him retained as assistant clerk.
Stanley Fay. a brother of Charles Fay,
will be appointed by Mayor Phelan as hU
private secretary for the remainder of bis
term.
ANOTHER BAY PIRATE
ARRESTED BY POLICE
They Had Planned to Strip a Steam
Schooner of Its Cabin Fur
nishings.
"Skinny" Conwell, an ex-convlct, was
arrested yesterday morning by Detective
Crockett and Policeman Regan and locked
up tn "the tanks." his cell adjoining that
occupied by John Reed. Conwell Is the
bay pirate at whom Crockett fired a shot
Friday morning when he arrested Reed
near the Seven-Mile House, San Bruno
Road. The police expect to capture the
oth'-r pirate at any moment, as he is
known. Besides the charge of stealing
the white paint belonging to W. D. Ful
ler & Co.. the police say they will have
three other charges against the pirates.
Reed, Conwell and the pirate still at
large are supposed to be the three men
who last Thursday morning went to the
ways of the R. W. Schults. ln South San
Francisco, and made ever)' preparation to
rob the steam schooner Tyrone. They had
rowed to the vessel in a skiff and bad
stripped the vessel's cabin of the furnish
ings, which they had stacked on a table,
ready to be carried away, when they were
surprised by the watchman. They jumped
Into the skiff, rowed quickly ashore and
fled, leaving the skiff on the beach.
League of the Cross Entertainment.
The features of the programme that i*
to be presented on next Thursday night
by the committee of arrangements at the
entertainment to be given In Native Sons'
Hall by Company O, League of the Cross
Cadets, will be an adaptation of "Quo
Vndls" by Lieutenant McCormick: a cor
net solo by Major A. Put*, leader of the
Third United States Artillery band; vocal
selections by Miss Lillian Barnes and
Everett Bweeney. specialties by Georgo
Monk and a recitation by Miss O'Connor.
The affair Is being arranged by Lleuten
ant Thomas J. Curtln. Sergeants John
Mlley. Thomas O'Day and T. Hurley, and
Corporals John Rlley and William Oul
naw.
¦ -'". | . ' ADVERTISEMENTS. _  -
— — >
This wesk vwe will ¦ place on - sale ¦ , the most
complete assortment of FINE LINEN GOODS
we have ever shown. This Importation is
from the hest manufacturers in Belfast,
Ireland, and consists of Fine Tahle Damask
Sets in all sizes, Extra Qualities Satin .
Damask Tahle Linens, Fine Hemstitched
Towels, hoth damask and huckahack ; Hem-
stitched Linen Shests and Pillow Cases, Fine
-Hand-Embroidered Linens in doolies, Nap-
kins, Tea Cloths, Trap, and Carving Cloths,
Bureau Sets, Center Pieces and Pillow Shams. -
Three Specials.
250 pairs LINEN PILLOW CASES, hem-
stitched, hand embroidered and with wide
& : 5 Insertion, size 45x36 inches.
' $1.75 and $2.00 Pair.
¦ Regular value $3.00 and $3.50 pair.
100 dozen Extra Quality HEMSTITCHED
HUCK TOWELS, with damask borders,
all plain white and large size.
Price $6.00 Dozen.
25 pieces BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, full
72 inches wide, in beautiful designs. -^
Price $1.25 Yard.
Everu pattern Dinner Napkins to match,
HI 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
t
Solid Oak
RpmanCbair^
( wink* f bfv \x \t ' c^fe
' . ¦ . ¦
¦ A beautiful piece of furni-
ture, with upholstered . seat;
very comfortable and decora-
tive. A. •»»*»t. SNAP Come
. early Monday morning and
take your choice. ¦¦
¦ HOUSES FXTSNISHEB
COMPLETELY on easy pay-
ment plan, and without - in- —
terest.
&. ft. SmVfc Cor. ,
128-132 Ellis StSnfaiisd
' WE OWN OUR <-WN BUILDING- WE PA t NO REN i. * •
j — 1 .
I~,X — r—^S^^J IMMENSE STOCK '
l^-_. 1 ¦irrTQDMii ' Ifpj? covering two acres of space!
i^f\ W\j&?gk 1 iff Everyih-ng for furnishing
'/Si IL^fg&JF 1 " |j®jf your house here; you don't
jUb r^l, Jjjj& fj; need to look any further,
9HBMiWl^3(s^nSr^ and at such low prices that
'^Tjjjn iSWl' i you wonft think of going
$A9W ?k LlffLL * "TI MR - ) — ~~ ~~
CHAMBER SUITS. CASH isn't necessary, and
|An Elegant New Line In an you'll have no interest to
: infinite variety of designs: pay; SO don't borrow any
H.ndsome furniture of every money, but come in and get
SC J£s£l4£ &£; you want, ** pay
Tapestry Carpets of the ?-litt!e-at-a-timefor it. Come :
best makes at the very low m an^ . look around. Just
est figures. • off S : x'h Streef, near Market.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., lac
. , lOir-lOS^miawlon Btr*<»t, above Sixth, San Franc
_Clog«_gv«ry_nl»ht ; _w^_ Saturday and th« day preceding holiday, at « o'clock sh»ro. •
STERLING DENTAL CO. 1 sWffwiSTHtßsl
HIGH CLASS DENTISTRY. ft- W * T^l M flkStf
ta^HM P*lnle M Extraction. K^IAmMULI^^C
V \™\ Crown and Bridge Work. L^^^^^B
HPa In leva Extraction. IB
Crown and Bridge Work. Hsßßs!
Plate. With Cur
9TEKLIHQ I|J ¦¦¦ I¦¦ B T Bsssl
¦ fflfl VACUUM I^l ¦ LH ¦ 111 llßfl
Wmßmm CHAMBmm HOrX-H B ¦ **1 IPP I
Are Guaranteed a Perfect Pit. aaaf^amfl^SSVWßViVVTlinßaal
97 Market, Over^lirine'ry^tore, \ BBBssllmlbb^sl*3
PILES Hfe"Sa THE WEEKLY CALL
, phihciu). io« u». aSrSSSr^ [ 91 per Year.
JM California
Limited
Leares San Francisco daily
9.-OO a. m.
New equipment, courtaoTXS
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe.PliffiJtt 41
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL TEAM OUTPLAYS STANFORD ELEVEN
ON A HEAVY, SODDEN GRIDIRON AND WINS BY A SAFETY, SCORING TWO POINTS
"REX" WOMBLE, THE DASHING CAPTAIN AND HALFBACK OF THE CALIFORNIA TEAM, RECEIVES THE BALL FOR AN END RUN.
CALIFORNIA 2 STANFORD 0
Dash and Spirit of the Blue and Gold
Team Is a Revelation.
lALIFORNIA. 2: Stanford, o.
So reads the result of this
year's intercollegiate gridiron
combat between the two big
J universities of this State. By
all the laws of football the score
could not have been closer, yet
California won the came on the
merits of its own superior skill. Stan
ford went down to defeat without the
glimmer of a chance for victory from
the start to the finish.
Great as was the discrepancy in the
aggregate weights of the teams, the car
dinal at no time proved a match for the
blue and gold. Ten pounds heavier to
a man, the "pony eleven" — for such it
has been dubbed — outplayed their
weightier antagonists at every point of
the game. The California men shot
through the center, skirted the ends,
toppled over the tackles, and twice were
within such close range of the Stanford
goal that the smell of the lime line that
marked the end of the field filled their
itgfifffti Stanford was forced into a de
91m<-y.9 Im<-y. r game from the outset. The
v. tight with grim determination
ani c^ their cardinal hearts to the
heavir-i of all work— the prevention of
¦ torn hoWn. There *as no let up. So
tmct «>' the play, so intense the inter
¦l when the referee blew the final
• that «et one cro*d frantic on
thf idd and the other as sdmber as the
iowering clouds, there was not a
h«irt on thf ficiil or in the stands that
<jid no! beat in fulsome relief.
STANFORD MEN JUBILANT.
n''.rd men went joyously to the
fbcf ted victory from afar.
In the hotel < orridors and on the streets
©i the city bciorc the game it was Stan
ford, Stanford, Stanford, seeminzly on
every Jip
But out to the game went the Califor
nia followers with the same strident en
thusiasm in their hearts and with leath
ern throats and lusty longs, all trimmed
for the annual exercise of shoutinar. The
gentle rain from heaven fell upon all —
except those who sat in the covered
stand. It was a denial day, dark,
gloomy, wet and disagreeable The
crowd, not quite as large as the ordin
ary Thanksgiving gatherinc. was
dressed in its usual gay colors, the blue
and gold of California and the cardinal
of Stanford. Waving thousands of
flags, swinging megaphones, throwing
their colored caps into the air. shouting,
yelling or singing, these collegians set
the weather at defiance and made a Bed
lam of the wettest, muddiest, murkiest
surroundings of any California intercol
legiate game up to date.
And ihe field. Minute after minute
it became thicker and heavier. When
the men began the play it was gummy
and clung to the cleats of their shoes
like cakes of mucilage. Then it be
came soggy and rich in mire. The al
most steady downpour and the churn
ing the field received from the twenty
two hardy athletes made anything but a
field of daises for the gridiron contest.
DAY FOB UMBRELLAS.
The blue and the gold and the car
dinal were not the only color decora
tions. Umbrellas, appearing doubly
black on account of the contrast, made
the bleachers look like a hillside of
mushrooms. Save for the patches of
bright color in the college sections the
tiets on tiers of umbrellas, attuned to
the gloominess of the, clouds above,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
COLLEGE VICTORIES AND DEFEATS
DURING THE PAST ELEVEN YEARS
1891 Stanford University 14 University of California to
1892 Stanford University 10 University of California 10
1893 Stanford University. ..... 6 University of California 6
1894 Stanford University 6 University of California 0
1895 Stanford University 6 University of California 6
1896 Stanford University 20 University of California o
1897 Stanford University 28 University of California, o
1898 University of California. .22 Stanford University. . .. o
1899 University of California. ...30 Stanford University 0
1900 Stanford University 5 University of California. 0
19 01 University of California. . . 2 Stanford University. . .. o
"¦-.
Captain "Rex" Womble, Overall and Mini Are the Stars of the
Victorious Team From Classic Berkeley.
were quite in harmony with the woe
begone faces of the California contin
gent — before the game. When once
tinder way the gloom faded from the
California section and planted itself on
the Stanford benches.
The Stanford tcajii was-thc first to ar
rive, and the greeting it received from
the cardinal bedecked supporters sent a
chill into the hearts of the blue and gold
shouters. Enthusiasm and football go
PRESIDENT WHEELER COMPLIMENTS
BOTH VICTORS AND VANQUISHED
PRESIDENT BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER of the University of California said after the
game: "The playing on both sides seems to me to have been excellent. The game abounded in'
exciting plays. Plenty of kicking is alivays interesting to the spectators. After the ground •
grew slippery the operations around the ends evidently did not have the prospect of success that they
had on drier ground. There was no part of the game I personally enjoyed better than the excellent
interference which accompanied the plays around the ends. It is a great pleasure to me that we have
such sturdy, honorable antagonists as the students of Stanford University. I myself should be glad
to sec a trial of the best two in three games replace the one annual game. At any rate, considering
the special conditions existing on the Coast, it would be well, I think, to try the experiment. Our
team showed the right spirit throughout the game."
hand in hand, however, and the Califor
nia men yel'cd just a? lustily when their
"pony" team jumped on the field for
the warming-up evolutions.
"That's a light tcim of California."
said an ohi-timc'Stanford plavcr on the
side line. "Looks like another vic
tory for the cardinal." he continued.
"They haven't played the game yet."
retorted Dr. Frank •Simpson, the blue
and gold coach. "Those blue and gold
jerseys have bundles of grit and heart
inside."
Simpson knew whereof he spoke, for
just a few minutes before he had talked
to the California e'even. Thcv say that
Simpson was so earnest in his last coun
sel that the Berkeley men had "tears in
their eyes when they left their dressing
rooms. But they gritted their teeth and
all said they would win.
Stanford won the toss and gave Cali-
Men of the Cardinal Are on Defensive
From Start to Finish.
fornia the kick-off. While the game
was in its infancy the realization came
upon all that this pony team could play
football. Offense or defense, it was just
the same. The red bleachers became
suddenly silent. Turmoil, riot, uncon
strained joy ruled with a boisterous,
sonorous, sweeping force in the blue and
gold seats. Down the field went the
California cohorts yard by yard. Vic
tory, unexpected as it was, seemed
ready to perch upon the banners of the
lighter team. Over the field the cweers
carried and the echo came back from
the covered grand stand. The Califor
nia men lined up for another dash.
They were six yards from the goal —
from a touchdown that seemed immi
nent. Womble 1 was given the ball to
'advance toward the coveted line. He
fumbled it and Stanford was saved for
the ?ime.
Back the.y went to the fray, the car
dinal fighting every inch and California
forcing holes through the opposing line,
gaining at every stroke. It was great
sport, and thousands . and thou
sands of spectators realized it to
their uttermost satisfaction. Stan
ford fought every inch and the crowd,
appreciating the gameness of the strug
gle, applauded and shouted itself hoarse
and dry. The rain counted for nothing.
Both sides were lost in the ecstasy of
the real football excitement.
Back to the fight for yards of slippery
mud came the California men. This
-time they reaped the, fruits of their
labor. Mighty Overall, towering above
every other man in his team, broke
through the Stanford line and blocked
a kick. Over the line the ball* rolled
with both teams after it in hot haste.
Raitt, the Stanford quarter, was on it in
Pages 33 to 44
a trice, and thus was the safety scored
that netted California the two points
and lost the game to Stanford.
CAME OUT TO WIN.
Then there was pandemonium. The
crowd soon learned that California bad
scored a safety and that it meant two
points. It was early in the first half.
The game was still young. California
had withstood its heavier antagonists.
Could it continue? The blue and gold
men said "Yes." The cardinal rooters
yelled a sturdy "No." "We have weight
and strength." they said. '"We will win.
Wait." To the California supporters
this assurance had-an- ominous ring. It
hovered over the heads of the players
throughout the (tame. The slippery
ground, the prevalence of fumbles, the
leaden ball, the epidemic of blocked'
kicks on both sides put an uncertainty
on the result that made the perching?
place of victory almost impossible to
forecast.
The first half was fought out with
grim determination on both sides. Cali
fornia felt its measure and sained cour
age as the game progressed. It soon
became on the part of the blue and gold
an effort to win and not merely stay«
off defeat. The offensive was taken
and the cardinal then iell back to the job
of holding the fort. Suoh was the
spirit that animated the elevens when
the players, bedraggled with ruud and
their identities lost in the slimy, cakin«r.
walked off the field at the end of the
first half.
The intermission was like all other
football intermissions between halves
full of noise and fury, college veils and
the special brand of college music served
Continued on Fags Thirty- Jo** '34
UNPROPITIOUS WEATHER FAILS TO DAMPEN THE ENTHUSIASM OF SPECTATORS,
WHO, GARBED IN GAYEST ATTIRE, WILDLY CHEER THEIR FAVORITE PLAYERS
Berkeley's Great Day Closes With a Clever Play Rendered by
Talented Young People at the Aihambra.
EXUBERANT over their great victory
and with enthusiasm still unabated,
the supporters of the blue and gold
filled the Aihambra Theater to its !
doors last night to witness the play, j
which completed the glories of the
joyous day. Hardly for a moment
during the evening- did the audience cease
cheering for California and the individuals
who won success for her.
President Wheeler was treated to an
ovation as he appeared In the balcony and
toe crowd would not be silent until he
had made a congratulatory speech. When
ever one of the members of the team
would let himself be seen the house would
ring with the cheers of the admiring as
semblage.
The play "Fantastlcks" Is a translation
of one of Rostand's clever comedies. Two
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL TEAM OUTPLAYS STANFORD.
at intercollegiate contests. California
was jubilant. Stanford was hopeful. Be
tween the two enough noise was «ener
ated to wreck several boiler factories.
BLUE AND GOLD HEROES.
The second ha'.f was installed. Over
*.'.'.. Mir.i. Womb'e and More had
worked tfceOMeNcs right into the hearts
of the spectators Gendotti. at center
for California, stood like a rock. Over
all with h:% strength shone as the star
St line, and as a kicking fullback
performed marvels. Womble and Mini
seemed to pay no heed to the slipperi
ness and unsteadiness of their footing.
They ran around ends, went through
tackle- and fought the men
in front of them with a -never
die. spirit. Little Hudson showed
he »a' an "end" of more than
ordinary grit. The Stanford men were
down-d before the runners were fairly
started whenever California's kicker
punted the ball. In Stanford* forces
there vm one man who stands above his
WOMBLE PROUD OF TEAM.
CAPTAJS WOMBLE of the victorious University of California team was too happy for ut
terance after the game. He was proud of the victory achieved by the team under his leader
ship, and could not speak too highly of the men who helped make it a Berkeley victory. Wom
ble had many scars as evidence that he ivas in the thick of the fray. One front tooth was gone and
his nose was awry, but lie 7ias unmindful of his bruises, being so elated with the victory. In dis
cussing the game he said: "We outplayed them at every point. When I lost my front tooth I knew
we would win. Every time I lost a tooth our team has won the day. Our men did icltat I expected
them to do. They went into the game with a feeling that they would wm or be carried off the field.
It was pure grit that won us tlw game. Every man on the team wqs imbued with college spirit.
Stanford played a gentlemanly game. The better team won. Coaches Simpson and Hopper cannot
be thanked too much for their excellent work. The good condition of the team was due to Walter
Qhristy, our trainer. Bert Oliver's rcferccing was of high order. I believe the umpiring was not up
to the usual standard."
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
PLAY IN THE RAIN
The handicap match play tournament of
the Ban Francisco Golf Club has now
nearly reached the final round. During
young people who live in adjacent houses
find that their respective fathers are very
much opposed to any friendship between
them and consequently fall In love at
once. It then transpires that the parents
are very anxious to have their children
marry each other and have simulated op
position to make the courtship romantic
and marriage sure, knowing well that the
boy and girl will do Just what they think
they are not wanted to do.
A plan Is evolved to have the girl kid
naped by alleged brigands and to have
the young fellow rescue her. Nine masked
men seize the maiden and her lover, ap
pearing at that critical time, puts them
all to rout. The fathers of this loving
couple apparently relent after this event,
and the young: folks are about to wed
when they discover that they have been
tricked. They quarrel and separate only
to rind out after a time that they have
really been in love through it all.
The cast comprised Miss E. C. Howard
brothers. He is Treager. whose work
was far above the plane set by his fel
low linesman.
The second half brought sonic
changes. Overall, on whom California
pinned its faith, was ruled oft the field
for unnecessary roughness. To the
side lines he went, lamenting his fate
and the decision of the umpire who sent
him there. On the lime line he sat,
with tears in his eyes and with a far
away stare. He was soon joined by
Mini. California's speedy half. Mini
left the field amid • deafening plaudits.
Efts fight was a gsir.e one and a suc
cessful one. He worked until the
coaches took him off even against his
own wishes and desires. • '
The double whistle at the conclusion
of the second half ushered in the old
riotous serpentine dance of the students.
Headed by their band the blue and gold
c^ps rushed o:> the field, formed a pro
cession and gave themselves up to .1
revelry of noise. Down Folsom street
the last week B. I* Abbot Jr. and J. Hu
bert Mcc played the last of the four
matches In the second round, 8. L. Abbot
Jr. winning 2 up. 1 to play. In the semi
final round yesterday W. H. La Boyteaux
b *at Captain D. J. Rumbaurh 4 up, 3to
play. The match between H. C. Golcher
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER ID, 1901.
and E. B. Harris, the lovers: A. J. Todd
and J. W. 8. Butler, the parents; J. R.
Carter, the leader of the ortgands. and
M. Graydon. V. W. Hunter. B. F. Klerulff
in minor parts. All acquitted themselves
in the most creditable manner and the
continuous applause was gratifying testi
mony of the appreciation of the audience.
Miss Howard wu the favorite, and the
flowers with which she was presented
were more than any one person couM
have possibly carried away. Mr. Harr'a
was next In line for honors. No one of
the participants couldposslbly complain
of lack of applause. The talented young
people have reason to be proud of their
v.< rk and their rendering of the play re
flects great credit on Professor Syle, who
had charge of their training.
The curtain fell after the last act amid
a atorm of cheers, and still hoarsely yell
ing for California and singing the college
songs the audience passed out to the
street, and the great day was over.
they marched and up to Market, and
then they reveled some more. The
"wosky wow-wows" filled the streets
and the restaurants and the theaters.
California's two points stand fof unex
pected victory and all the jqyful con
comitants. Stanford's nothing reads a
sad lesson full of gloom and shattered
hopes.
Golf Tournament in Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 9.-The feature of
to-day"s play In the golf tournament was
the open handicap, In which eighteen
players competed. Robert Newhall of
Los Angeles and Ralph Peters of Cincin
nati both covered the course in seventy
nine strokes ard are tied for first place
Thr (10.-idlnK Knme will be played off next
Mur.dav afternoon.
Californinns in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— The following
Callforr.ians have arrived at the hotel*:
National, E. Harrington; Arlington, Gen
eral W. H. Seamanp; Shoreham, L. Mc-
Crup— all of Ran Franc'sco; Raleigh, D.
Oliver und wife, Oakland.
and 8. L. Abbot Jr. will complete the
semi-final round, and the winner will meet
W. H. La Boyteaux in the final round.
One match In the opening round of the
match play scratch competition for the
Council's cup was played yesterday, John
Uwwn beating J. w. Byrne 6 up, 8 to
FAIR ENTHUSIASTS BRAVED THE ELEMENTS IN THEIR BRIGHTEST GOWNS.
Mirth and Melody of "The Man From Mexico" Fail to Dispel the Gloom Felt by
the Wearers of the Cardinal After Their Defeat on the Gridiron.
THE students of Stanford University
attended the performance of "The
Man from Mexico" at the Grand
Opera-house last night. The defeat
of their representatives in the foot
ball game yesterday afternoon
dampened their enthusiasm, and
even the very, very funny scenes enacted
by the players who presented the "man
from the land of the frijoles" failed to
cheer them. The big theater was not
play, in a very closely contested match. |
John Lawson'a medal play score for tho
flrst round was as follows, 4. 4, 5, 5, 3. 5.
5, 4, 6, total 40; while J. W. Byrne's score
was E. 4, 5, IS, 3, 3, 8, 5, 6, total 42. The
second, third, fourth and fifth holes were
halved and the contestants wore all even at
the sixth, John Lawson being 3 up at tti ¦
end of the first round. In the second
round John Lawson had Increased his lead
to 4 up at the twelfth hole, and at the
fifteenth hole won the match 5 up. The
medal play score of John Lawson was as
follows, 4, 6, 4, 4, 6, 4, 3, 5, 6, total 41, giv
ing a total of 81 for the eighteen holes.
In spite of sixes at the twelfth and eight
enth holes. J. W. Byrne's medal play
score was as follows, 6, 5, 6, 4, 5, 5, 4, 5, 4,
total 42, giving a total of 84 for the two
rounds. Each of the contestants had two
threes, John Lawson making the fifth and
sixteenth In three and J. w. Byrne mak
ing the fifth and sixth in three. Had J.
W. Bvrne not been putting somewhat
poorly it is likely that the match would
nave been halved.
Heavy rain fell during the greater part
of the afternoon.
George* Slier In the City.
George Slier of Chicago, who was ref
eree of the Fltsslmmons-Corbett fight at
Carson, arrived In this city last night.
He comes to report the championship
tight between Jeffries and Ruhlln for the
Chicago Tribune. Slier Is in big demand
in the Middle West as a referee, having
a thorough knowledge of the game.
filletf to its capacity, although it had been
announced that every seat had been soldi
Long after 7:30 p. m. a long line of the
friends of the wearers of the cardinal
stood in front of the box office and bought
seats from the rlhnon-bedecked Students
In charge of the stile of seats.
When the curtain arose on the flrst act
of the farce the presence of several bows
of cardinal ribbon on the wearing apparel
of the actresses and nctors provoked ap
plause. It was short lived, however. As
soon as Mr. Fltzhugh. "the man from
BETTER TEAM WON — FISHER.
CAPTAIN RALPH T. FISHER of the Stanford team mt greatly cast dozi-n over his
teams defeat, but he very chivalrously admitted they had lowered their colors to a better
eleven. He said; "The better team won. We were greatly handicapped by the zveather,
whtch rendered the field too heavy and slippery for our men to mm* with any degree of speed. In
fact the condition of the ground interfered with the style of plcys which zve had outlined. I do not
ascribe our defeat to any m fortunate accident I can only repeat that the better team, under the ex
tsttng conditions, ivon. •
"The officials wert impartial in their decisions, except when they expelled Hill from the
game. In that instance I believe that they erred. The University of California men put up a good,
hard game of football and won because they descnvd to win. flu college which they represented
ought to be proud of them."
DERRICKS GOING UP
AROUND LOS GATOS
Prospects for a Rich Strike of Petro
leum In the District Are
Bright.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— 0il excitement is
again on in the vicinity of Los Qatos. A
low weeks ago several thotfiand acres of
Mexico," appeared the applause ceased.
Fltihugh's lugubrious countenance,
caused by a night with the "boys." was
so In keeping with the thoughts of the
students and their friends who were loyal
enough to attend the theater with them
that, barring a few noisy hand-claps from
the rear of the theater, a silence deep as
the grave became evident. "The Man
from Mexico" as presented last night was
decidedly funny. "The man from Stan
ford" didn't feel that way.
Once during the evening did the audl
land was bonded near there and develop
ment work Is uf.der way. On the Main
ranch, north of Los Oatos. the Orchar.l
Crude Oil Company of San Francisco has
erected two derricks and drilling will *>«
gin next week. Preparations are being
made for boring on the Parker place in
Union district.
At the Moody gulch wells near Alma,
which have produced some oil for the last
ten years, new wells are being sunk. Ex
perts who have gone over the land near
ence enthuse, and that was in the flmt
act. A lonely Stanford student shouted
at the top of his voice. "Kiss him one*
tor luck" at the wife of "the man from
Mexico" as that lady embraced her un
lucky husband after he had made his ex
cuses for his absence the previous night.
Laura Nelson Hall, aa th« wife, evidently
appreciated the student's remark and
made another peck at her unlucky hus
band. The audience was greatly pleased
over her act of wifely devotion and her
deep sense of pity, and cheered lustily.
Los Gatos say indications are of the beat
tor a rich strike.
Mayor Schraitz in Watsonville.
WATSONVILLE. Nov. 91 -Mayor-elect
Eugene E. Schmita. accompanied by bis/
wife and children, arrived here to-dajF
from San Francisco. Mr. Schmita and
family are the guests of Mrs. Schmlta'a
mother. Mrs. J. Driscoll. They expect to
remain in this valley about two weeks.CALIFORNIA'S VETERAN LINEMEN IMPREGNABLE TO STANFORD'S TERRIFIC CHARGES,
WHILE BLUE AND GOLD CHAMPIONS MAKE END RUNS AND PUNT TO ADVANTAGE
COACH SIMPSON PLEASED.
DR. FRAXK SIMPSON, head coach of the University of California's eleven, said: "I am
as happy as a man could he. lam glad it rained. We gave the cardinal everything they
wanted and still we outplayed them man to man. We outgeneraled, outpuntcd and out
bucked them. Our defense was superb. Ours was a team of eleven men with hearts as large as
oxen's. Every man went into tliat game with a determination to do or die. On that team were men
who cried when I talked to them before the contest. Ho:c can you defeat a team that has such men
among its members 9 The refereeing was as fine an exhibition of its kind as was ever given on this
(bast. I cannot speak too strongly against the umpiring by Dr. Garrey. It was bad.
"We went into the game m better physical condition. than our opponents. This was due to the
excellent care given the players by our trainer. There were no stars on our team. Every man was
in every play and was determined to win or die. It has been often said that spirit was lacking in
the University of California. I think to-day's game removed that charge. The team upheld the
blue and gold, and their fellow-students encouraged them on to victory by their cheering."
Overall's Block of a Punt Results in "Safety" That Gives
/ California the Winning Points in the Match.
STANFORD won the tow and chos* to
defend the west goal, giving Califor
nia, the kick-off. Stow kicked off a:
2 55. sending the pigskin to the s
yard line. Slaker caught the ball and
ran it in 1£ yards, when he wa:
tackled by Gendottl so bard that he
«v laid out and could barely be brought
•round in time to stay In the game. Stan
ford t ball on the 21-yard line. Traeger
«ai sent with the ball In a criss-cross on
tickle and made two yards. Slaker wr.s
fUU wobbly and failed to make a gain.
Tbe signal was given for a punt, and
HIM sent tbe ball diagonally across {he
field for but a 15-yard advance. Califor
nia's ball 22 yards from goal.
California was jubilant. Bhe had hel-3
:--;mford men, stopping up their line
km k». and had the ball within striking
4fstance. Mini made a straight buck for
*> taro-yard gain; Wombie went between
'«)• kl*- and gurfrd for three yards. Dudon
ed into center for two yards. Worn
¦y < the same place for two yards, and
In a ?•m.lght buck on tackle took
yards more. Wombie was again
it the line, between Traeger and
'lark, for four and a half yards. Overall
bucked center lor two yards. First dowr..
«lU> ibe ball thirteen yards from goal
HILL, LEFT HALFBACK FOR STANFORD, IS TACKLED AFIER MAKING A FIVE-YARD GAIN BETWEEN TACKLE AND END.
line, and Stanford apparently unable to
fctop the California plunges.
WombW bucked between center and left
guard for three yards. Overall was given
the bull for a buck on center, but fum-
M'jd, and l^ee got the ball for StanforO
on the 7-yard l.'ne.
It was a narrow escape for Stanford,
but the Stanford rooters did not breathe
normally until Hill punted to the 40-yard
line. Wombie fumbled the first pass for
California, but Hudson recovered the ball
after a loss of 10 yards. Overall punted
and Raitt fumbled the catch, but fell on
the ball on the 10-yard line.
Hill punted 25 yards and Fisher downed
Mini on the 32-yard line. Mini was
stopped on a straight buck, and on a try
at the other end made but two yards.
Wombie could make no gain, and the ball
w<nt to Stanford on downs on the 30-yaru
line in Stanford territory.
Traegcr was thrown back for a loss of
four yards and Hill was sent back to
punt. Overall was through the line like
a Khot and blocked the ball, which re
bounded with terrific force over the goal
line. There was a rush for the bounding
pigskin, but Raitt reached it first, savins;
his team from an adverse touchdown.
But as it was he was forced to fall on the
ball and was neld back of the goal line.
The impetus to the ball having been
given by a Stanford man, Hill, tbt punt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
er, the down was a safety, -scoring the
two winning points lor California.
Thought It Was a Touchdown.
As Haiti and the California tacklers lav
uL£j£*£ m " M °. th « California crowti
thought it wan a touchdown, and In con
sequence went frantic with Joy over a
S"°m nexp .t cledly and Bo easily ob
lxl& When the word wag passed about
that but two points had been scored, not
five, their demonstrations were not lejs
frantic Or the p( * ntß gave California lee
way, that augured well for victory The
two point* were scored exactly fifteen
minutes after play began. • nueen
The bull was brought out to the 20-yard
line, in accordance with the rule, and
given to Stanford for a free kick. Hill
punted 45 yards, but little Mini ran th •
ball in 15 yards. California^ bull, four
yards across center In Stanford's terri
«r ry# t., A fumble . then two bucks by
Womble. gave California first down
again. Wombie took two yards more and
Mini went through Barnhlsel for four
yards. Then en the next pass Tracger
caught Mini back of the ' line for two
yards' loss, and on the next Mini whs
able to get but two yards nearer goal
Overall dropped back to punt and ?um
bled the ball.jhut fell on It. It being the
third down and the distance < not having
been made the ball went to Stanford on
the 45-yard line. ' ¦ - • -.• "
A buck by Hill and two by 81aker net
ted 5 yards. Tutu ills! broke through on
Mini Makes a Great
Run of 30 Yards.
the next pass and made a beautiful tackle
of Hill back of the line for a loss of 6
yards to Stanford. Hill punted 36 yards,
but More ran the bait back 10 yards. Cali
fornia's ball on the 35-yard line, and for
tho first time the teams lined up In Cali
fornia territory.
Overall punted 45 yards. Raltt running
It In 5 yards. Stanford's ball on the :&
yard line In Stanford territory. Tracgir
could not advance the ball and an ex
change of punts was made with a gain
of 15 yards to California, Overall fairly
outpunting Hill. Stanford's ball on the
20-yard line. Hill punted 35 yards. Mini
ran the ball back 10 yards and California
had the ball on the 46-yard line. Traegur
threw Wombie bark 2 yards and McFad
den downed Mini for 3 yards' loss. Over
all punted from the center of the field
over Raltt's head, and Raltt was downed
on the 7-yard line. Hill punted over
M"! ¦¦ '• head and the ball rolled to the 43
yard line In California territory before it
was downed. Overall punted, hut big
"Bill" Traoger was through the line anl
blocked tho ball and a cardinal Jerseyod
man fell on it on the 42-ynrd line In Cali
fornia territory. This series of plays had
resulted In great advantage to Stanford,
and the cardinal "rooters" began de
manding a touchdown. 81aker and Trae
ger could gain but two yards In two
bucks and Traeger was sent back for :i
try ut place kick for a Held goal from tlu
45-yard line. The big tackle did not want
to kick, but Captain Fisher sustained
Raltl's Judßmont. It was a forlorn hope
at such a distance and with a bull heavy
from rain and mud. Trueger's shoo wus
scraped and sponged cleun of mud by
Trainer Al Lean, the line strained mil
held, the ball was passed true and placed
true, and "Fluffy Bill" sent It sailing
toward the soal posts. The aim was
true as that of v sharpshooter, and the
moment while the ball hung In air was a
heartbreaking one for the grandstand and
blcucher crowds. But the distance whs
too great and the ball fell into More's
arms on the 10-yard line, More running
It In five yards.
Dangerously Near the Goal Line.
Overall punted 30 yards. Raltt running
the ball 5 yards back, to iho 40-yard line,
Itucks by Hlaktr and Mill netted 5 yards
Then r.n un alleg«;d foul Umpire G::rrey
Van going to Rive California IB yards, im'
dually decided that the rules demanded
that the bnll be given to California wiiciv
!t had been down, on the 32-yard line.
Overall punted to Stanford's 47-yard
line. Hill punted to tbo Culiforniu 42
yard line, but tho bull was brought buck
ind given to Stanford with 10 yards for
off-side play. Bucks by Sluker, Hill nnd
McFadden carried the pigskin to thr |tj
yard line In California territory, where it
went to California on downs.
Tarpey, who had come into the Kami-
In Cooper's place at right end, threw
Mini back for a lon of b yards. Overall
FICKERT BLAMES WEATHER.
CHARLES FICKERT, zvho coached the Stanford team, attributes the cardinal's defeat to the
inclemency of the weather and to the fact that Berkeley had knozdedge of Stanford's sig
nals. He said: "Both teams were materially handicapped by the bad weather, zvhick
made quick and accurate playing impossible. Contrary to the general opinion it handicapped the
Stanford team considerably more than it did Berkeley.
"Berkeley played a good, hard game and won on her merits. Back of the line Mini and Worn
blc played a game that may wA be termed brilliant. In fact the whole Berkeley team zvithout any
exception played good football. Stanford was again handicapped in regard to the officials. They
might easily have been better. The umpire zvas entirely ignorant of the rules of the game. Bert Oliver,
as referee, was most satisfactory.
"Taking the game all in all and allowing for the weather, the playing on both sides, was very
good. Berkeley had too intimate a knowledge of our signals for us to have won. We lost, but we
lost to a great team."
Place Kicks for Field Goals Tried by Each Side at Critical
Times Fail to Accomplish Desired Results.
punted and Raltt made a rnstly muff.
Hunnen falling on the dhII for Califor
nia on thfl 30-yard line. Ten yards more
lor offside play put California danicer
ously near tho goal line, but the Stan
ford line held 16', a yards out. and Cali
lornia was driven to try a place-kick for
field goal. i
It was another "chills find fever situ
ation as Overall prepared to kick from
(ho 25-yard line. His chance was an ex
cellent one, except for the mud and rain,
but the ball went wide of the mark.
Stunford took the freo kick from the
25-yard line and the bull was Cnllfor
nla'H on tho 40-yard line In California
territory. Overall punted. Raltt juggled
the ball, but kept it. and Hill punted
egaln. California downing the ball on the
¦JR-yurd lino In California territory, and
th<« whistle blew for the end of the
' Th*> ball hud been nearly all of tho
time In California territory and twice the
Stanford goal had been In danger In addi
tion to the time the sufety was scored.
The cardinal "rooters" still hoped that
their line would brace in the second half
i.nd on offensive would succeed In opening
up holes for the backs to plunge through.
Tho coaches rounded up the men and
anvc them advice, and the team came on
!»)¦• field after the intermission of fifteen
minutes determined to turn tho tables,
\/Ut a few minutes of play developed a
icw factor, California's end running.
Wombie and Mini were soon making
dashes behind splendid Interference, while
Stanford's attacks upon the California
line were In the main as fruitless as in
the first half.
Stanford's Hope Is Vain.
Traegcr kicked off to the 30-yard tine.
Wombie made a great run of seventeen
yards aruund Clark's end, and Mini
skirted Cooper's end for the same gain.
Then each of these men was stopped in
succession by the Stanford ends. Overall
punted, Raltt running the ball In 10 yards.
Stanford's ball on the 30-yard line. Hill
punted, and on the lirst line-up Traeger
got the t>«ll on a fumble by Wombie on
the 47-yard line in Stanford territory.
An off-side play by California left the
bull in Stanford's possession. Hill punted
again and little Mini ran the ball back
35 yards, but went out o( bounds. Cali
fornia* ball on the 52-yard line in Cali
fornia territory.
Smith came into the game Instead of
Hill ut left half for Stanford. Mini made
unother dash around end nnd w.is
downed by Kaltt after gaining 16 yards.
California fumbled, but recovered the
ball. Overall punted over the goal lin.-.
For Stunford Trueger punted from the
25-yard line and by a magnificent run
down the Held tackled Womble, running
the ball In on the Go-yard line. Tarpey
threw Wombie back on an end run for a
loss of five yards.
Overall's punt was blocked by a Stan
ford man, and oq downs the ball went to
Stanford on the 32-yard In* In California
territory.
At this point Wombie went out to his
okl position at end and Whipple went in
at half. Fisher. Slaker and McFadden
bucked to the 20-yard line, and the chance
for a touchdown temporarily made a rift
in the clouds for the Stanford "rooters."
The hope was vain, however, and the ball
went to California on downs.
Mint, clinging to Overall's hand, skirted
the end for eight yards. A plunge at cen
ter by Overall netted but a yard. Over
alt punted 40 yards, Raltt running it in 10
yards. California immediately took the
ball from Stanford an downs on the 50-
Jfar4 line In California territory.
Tarpey stopped Mini's try at end. Over
all punted over Raitt's head to the 10-yard
line, but tJu- plucky Stanford quarter
caught up the ball and ran It back 15
yards. Overall and Tarpey and Hanaen
got mixed up in a slugging match and the
big Berkeley guard and the little Stan
ford end were both ruled off. Stroud
went in for Overall and Preston for Tar
pey s place.
Kiaher. who did the punting after Hill
was out of It, punted 35 yards. Mini
gained seven yards by a straight buck on ¦
tackle. Wombie got four yards on an end
run ajid Whipple was held on a buck
aimed at Thompson.
More punted forty yards. Stanford's ball
Continued on Page Tbirtji-StTta* L >
3536
A T>TTTK'F,T.7".<TTT R,
Week Commencing
This Alternoon, Nov. 10
BEST VAUDEVILLE
EVER!
THE GIRL WITH . '
THE AUBURN HAIR
The Mop: Piscussed Act Before the Public.
fraserlroupe
International Dancers.
FREDIIBLO
The American Monologise
JOSEPH IDELM AN
Xylophone Virtuoso. Introducing His
'"Chime Orran."
THE ONLLAW TRIO
Sensational Equilibrists.
BURTON'S
Acrobatic remedy
DOGS
And highest leaping- Greyhounds on earth.
THE LOCKOS
Scientific Bag Punchers.
THE BIO6RAPH
With New Views.
LILLIAN IRKHART
Tith Her Company. In the New Playlette,
"EIGHT TEARS AGO."
Parquet. 53c. any seat: Balcony. 19c:
Children. 10c. any part except reserved. A
f«-w front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c;
front row s of Balcony, reserved. !Sc.
; 1 Si
TQ-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
Grand Farewell Promenade Concert
MECHANICS' PAVILION
STUPENDOUS MOCHA**
EHery's Italian Band
"The Sensation of the Musical World"
Volunteer Testimonial Verdi Monument Fund
GENERAL ADMISSION ....... ao CENTS
e.,ts Hegrrved After 12 O'Cl<-cU at Pavilion
GRANDS <
MATINEE TO-DAT.
FAREWELL NIGHT OF
WALTER B. PERKINS
The - Clever Coin-fii&n, In the Funny Comedy,
THE NEW BOY.
POPULAJI PRICES— I9c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 73c :
Good Orchestra Seats at Matinee. 25c.
Watch fcr Announcement of
MISS MINNIE SELIGMAN,
Who begins a starring engagement at close of
GRAND OPtRA SEASON.
Grand Optra House
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Mr QMS) fcincere'.y regrets to announce that
jdadirr.e CaJve has not sufficiently recovered
from her recent indisposition to be able to ting
here on Tuesday evening as announced. The
first performance- of "Carmen" is therefore
IVStj-ont*! until Friday etcning, and In Its place
Lee Huguenots" will be given oa Tuesday
evening.
Parties having purchased seats for "Carmen"
or "The Husuenota" and desirous of having
their money refunded or tickets exchanged can '
do so by applying at the Box Office.
2 WEEKS' FEAFON OF GRAND OPERA
By the Entire Company From the
METROPOLITAN OPERA -HOUSE New York
Under the Dire lion of MR MAURICE ORAL'!
To-morrow Ev'g at 7:43— "LOHENGRIN."
Baxnf*. Schumann-Heink; Van Dyck. Blunham.
B4 de Reszke. Conductor, Damroscli.
Tt:*r. EVg. Nov. 12. at 6— THE HI'OCE-
N'JTS." '"la.dskl. Homer and Suzanne Adams;
It*-. March!. Journet, Seoul, Ed de Keszke.
Conductor. Flon.
IVcd. EVg. Nor. 13. at <- "LA TRAVIATA.'
R'mbrich; Cam; anarl tr.d Sallgnac. Conductor.
pilli.
Thurs. EVe.Xor.J4. at? "TASXHAUSER."
Eantea. Reuss-Belc*. Bridewell; Van Dyck,
Bl&n. Clspham. Conductor. Damrosch.
Frl. Ev'g. Nov. IS, at *— "CAKMEN." Calve.
Fuzanxx* Adams; £alignac, Hcottl. Conductor.
T\<m.
Sat. Aft., Nov. •;«, at 2— "FAUST." Sem-
bricb. Homer; Dtpprl, Campanart, Ed de
K>azke. Conductor, S*-pptlll.
Eat. Ev'k, Nov. K. hi 8-"MAXOX." Sybil
FanderzoTi: Dtcltrj'. Journet, Kalfgnac. Con-
ductor. Flon.
Seats now or. eale at Box Office of the Grand
Opera-I>3us«. Price* — $3. $4, $5 and V.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
SUNDAY EVENINO. Nov. 17. at 8.
First Grand Optra Performance at Popular
Price*.
"LA BOHEME." Suzanne Adams. Frttzl
Scheff: IX- Marchi, Journet. Campanarl. Con-
ductor, Seppilli.
The sale of w>ats for this performance will
rwjrln on TUESDAT MORNING at the Box
Office of the Grand Opera-house. Prices— sL $2,
J2 50. $3.
The repel-to! r' left the *e<-on<l week will be
announced on Tuesday morains? and the sale of
»-«te will begin at the Box Office of the Grand
Opera-house on WEDNESDAY. November 13,
•« > a. m. WEBER PIANOS USED.
¦*KBdfc»*B
Be'.a«co and Thall "... Managers
TO-DAT. MATINEE AND EVENING,
VNANCV_«t CO."
TO-MORROW. MONDAY. NOV 11TH.
Ruse Wytai's Great Military Play,
? FOR FAIR VIRGINIA."
A POWERFUL ROMANCE OF THE
CIVIL WAR.
The Full Strength of the—
SURPASSING ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
beats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES ._. 15c, 25c, t&c, Me TO
— NEXT
The Recent Madison Square Theater Success*,
"6ELF AND LADY
* FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE,
fIOVULnO Adml.»lon lOc.
Myrt!« Belwyn: Flirta; Carle and Boyle;
El«-arsora Jenkins; Win. Blake; Evor and
Hathaway; Buslilaneh; Sid Baxter;, and Hln-
rlehr Orcheetra. Reserved Beats, fee. Matl-
&•• Sunday. *
AMUSEMENTS.
'TIVOLI*
SECOND NOVEMBER 11.
"THE NOVELTY OF THE YEAR."
Pollard's
Australian
Juvenile
Opera Co.
Presenting 
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
Here 1* what the press says of the (treat nov-
elty. Not one dissenting voice: .
Call.— Every tiny maid and little man In It
Is a full-fledged artist. The Pollard Juveniles
are sure to do a rushing business.
Chronicle.— They presented •'The Belle of
New York" In a way that fairly captivated the
audience and the American tour promises to
be In the nature of a triumph.
Examiner.— How cute! Such Is the popular
verdict on the clever children.
Bulletin.— They presented "The Belle of New
York" in a way that shamed more than one
extravaganza company sent out from the East.
It was well staged, well acted, well sung and
well danced. , .
—The Pollard Juvenile Opera Company
gave a performance at the Tlvoll last night
which was In the nature of a revelation.
Next Prodnctioa— "A GAIETY GIRL."
Every Evenir.K at 8 Sharp. Matinees Saturday
and Sunday at ! Sharp.
POPULAR TRICES— Me and 75c.
Telephone— Bush 9.
BELASCO **» THALCS
1 • ™ mmatarrmut
MATINEE TO-DAY. 10c. 1 5c and 25c
TO-NIGHT— TIME.
NORTHERN LIGHTS
pnirCC Evening 10c, I3c. 2Sc. 25c. 60c
IfIIVLJ Matinees ...10c. 15c. 2oe
NEXT MONDAY— Production of
•LIGHTS 0' LONDON.'
COLUMBIANS
Beginning MONDAY.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Every Night (Except Sunday). MAT. SAT
c$& h LE MOYNE
In the Brilliant Historical Play
THE FIRST «*?«.
DUCHESS OF -E2*.
MARLBOROL'GH L »™r
NEXT SUNDAY, Nov. 17.
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Aurustus Thomas'
Phenomenally Successful Comedy,
"ON THE QUIET."
Direct from a Fix Month*' Run at the
Madison Square Theater. New York City.
'A Comedian with a Positive Individuality."
—Franklin Kyies in the New York Sun.
• SEATS READY THURSDAY.
I — — — —^—^— — — — — — —^— — —^— — —
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK
JAMES A. HKRNES
Famous Comedy Drama and Beautiful Play,
"SHORE ACRES."
Hntlte New foppery ami a Fine Actlnr
'••rr.rany.
SEATS READY.
i NEXT SUNDAY NIOHT-HA VERLYS MAS-
TODON MINSTRELS?
CALIFORNIA— EXTRA— EIIInirhouse and Op-
| penlielmer beg to announce the farewell Ex-
I planatory n*cltal st the Piano Tuesday after-
, noon. Nov. i:, at 3:1.".. on WAGNER'S "Tris-
| tan und Isold*." l.y Walter Damrosch.
SEATS READY. '
CHUTES and ZOO
SUPERB VAUDEVILLE B.LL!
HARRY HARMON, High Diver.
EVERY THURSDA^NIGHT,
THE AMATEURS.
EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT,
BIG CAKEWALK.
< Telephone for Seats— Park n.
gll^^ RACING
1 "" *^*v** Every Week Day—
*^ Rain cr Shine -
| i>EW CALIFORNIA JuCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. .
Rases start at t:l8 p. m. sharp. ~,
i? F M r T b ? U i" I ,' a X e ,?' n rr r * ncll!co " 1J m ' •»«
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2: JO and 3p. m., connecting
with trains (topping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no snick Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenuo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameds. mole con-
nect with Ran Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes!
Rcturnlnc-Xralns leave the track at 4:18 and
4 MS p. m. and Immediately after the last race
-THOMASH -WILLIAMS JR Priwent
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
¦ -¦-.. - . - i . i ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS
0 OLDEN GATE CHAPTER of
the Order of the Eastern Star
has elected the following named
to serve for the ensuing term:
Mrs. Mary Fahrenhol I ma
tron; Charles P. Humphries,
patron; % Mrs. Prances' P.
Tower, associate matron; Mrs. Kate
Johnson, secretary: Mrs. L. Pease, treas
urer; Mrs. Amy F. Temple, conductress,
and Mrs. J. A. I'hcrson, associate con
ductress.
California Chapter has elected Mrs. Dr.
Bertha Wagner Stark matron, Phlneah
Furgeson patron, Mary Wlttman asso
ciate matron, Isadora Horton secretary,
Mary E. Brown treasurer, Cecelia Harmon
conductress and Ida May Roberts associate
conductress. The appointed officers will
be named at the meeting on the 21st inst.,
when the time for the installation will be
announced. Several applications were re
ceived at the last held meeting, and at
the next there wilt be work In the ini
tiatory degree.
San Francisco Chapter has elected M»s.
C. L. P. Marais matron, C. L. P. Marais
patron, Marion Siffel associate matron,
Mrs. Eva Sheellne secretary, Mrs. Bertha
Mackrctt treasurer, Mrs. Ronson conduct
ress and Mrs. I Robinson associate con
ductress.
Mrs. A. L. Steefer has been elected
matron, W. A. L. Knowles patron, Mrs.
May C. McCleave associate matron and
Mrs. A. M. Morey secretary of Berkeley
Chapter.
Past Grand Matron Mrs. Mattie A. Far
num has returned to her former home In
Paso Robles, and on the 6th Inst., In com
pany with Past Patron C. A. Farnum.
visited Bethlehem Chapter of that placer
Mrs. Farnum. whose name heads the list
of charter members of that chapter In
ISSB, and who was Its first worthy matron,
was received in the east with grand hon
ors. During the evening one stranger was
initiated. Past Patron Farnum acting as
patron. Then the following named were
elected for the ensuing term; Mrs. Dr.
Boys, W. M. ; Dr. Boys. W. P.: Mr«. Web
ster. A. M. Mrs. Will Lewis. S. (re-elect
ed); C. J. Trussler. T. (re-elected: MUs
McConnell, C, and Miss McAdams, A. C.
At the close of the meeting there wus a
banquet, after which there v.ere ad
dresses by Mr. and Mrs. Farnum and
Madame Whalen, the newly Initiated
member.
The Odd Fellows.
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant
will tender a reception on the ISth Inst.
In Odd Fellows' Hall to its drill teaoi to
celebrate its return from the encampment
at Fresno with honors. At the same time
there will be the placing of the decora
tion of chivalry upon the breasts of two
lady Rebekahs.
Cosmopolitan Lodge will have an enter
tainment o n the night of the 14th of De
cember.
Alta Lodge Is making arrangements to
have an anniversary celebration on the
4th of December.
Abou Ben Adhem will give an enter
tainnunt on the 14th inst. in Its hall. One
of the features will be a lecture by Pro
fessor Burt Betes Howard of Stanford
University on "Our Greater Republic."
There will also bo dancing.
The grand master and the grand secre
tary started last week on a tour of official
visitations in Central California.
The members of San Francisco Canton
No. 6 are making arrangements to par
take of a first class bnnquet.
The Samarltnn Roclal Club, composed
of members in good standing of the sev
eral local lods''s, has arranßed to have a
theater party at the Tlvoll on the evening
of the 18th of December for the purpose
of raising funds to secure new and Im
proved costumes for the use of Excelsior
Degree Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F.. which
performs the greater part of the decree
work for the L.cal lodges. E. K. Roun
tree is the chairman and C. O. Pardl*
secretary of the club. The opera of "Red
Riding Hood" will be presented.
The Rebekaha.
Mrs. Nellie Mlchell. president of the
California Assembly of the Rebekahs.
announces the following visitations:
November 13. Manzanlta Lodae, Colfax- No
vember *0. Golden State Lodge. Modesto- No
vember :2. Madera Lndxe. Madera: November
23. Los Olives I^dgc. Loa Banoa: November 8
Delia Lodre. Hornltos: November 26. Novara
Lodge, Snelhng; November 71. Mystery Lodtce
Coulter%llle: November M. Sierra Lodge. Sier
ra; November 10. Fedora Lodge. Kolsonr De
cember t. Leona I>ylg«\ Placervllle; December
4. Chrj'sollte Lodge, Diamond Spring*; Decem
ber 6, Georgetown t,.-dge. Oeorgetown: I>e
cember 6. Azalea Lodge. Auburn: December 7.
Neva Lodge. Nevada City; December 11. Silver
Star Lodge. Tou Bel.
The decoration of chivalry will be con
ferred on the night of the 18th Inst. on
Past Noble Grand Mrs. Elizabeth. T. Shaw
of Orlrntal and Mrs. Minnie F. Dobbins
of Jubilee Lodge for services rendered to
the cause of Odd Fellowship.
Mrs. Mary Gllmore Dunn, grand secre
tary of the Exalted Order of the Degree
of tho Amaranth, was Initiated last week
as a member of Loyal Rebekah T-odg*
That lodge now has In Its membership
three grand secretaries— Mrs. Donoho of
the California. Miss Laura J. Frakes of
the Native Daughters of the Golden W»st
and Mrs. Dunn, the latest one admitted.
Mission Reboknh l/odge has completed
all nrrnnppments for the entertainment
and ball that It will give In Mission
Opera Hall on the night of the 13th ln<t
Among the features therw will be a fin
drill by sixteen young ladles and a farce
entitled "A Regular Fix." This lodge at
Its meeting on the 2d Inst. Initiated two
strangers.
California Rebekah Lodge has arranged
for an entertainment and dance on the
25th Inst.
AH arrangements have been completed
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge. JAB ft ORACE. Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY ... November 10
TWO NOTABLE
COURSING EVENTS,
Special
-AND-
Open Stakes
$1000-TOIAL PURSt-SIOOO
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend street* 10 15
a. ni.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets flve minutes later.
Heturnlnv at 4:46 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every four
minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
MRS. FRED H. HANSON
OF BOSTON
Will Give m
Monologue Recital
AT SHERMAN A CLAT HALL,
NOVEMBER 14. AT 1:10 PROMPTLY
MR. 8. HOMER HENLBT WILL ABBIST.
Tickets on Bale at Sherman-Clay Muslo Store'
Me. 75c and 11.00.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
for the entertainment and dance that will
be given In Odd Fellows' Hall on the 28th
inst. under the auspices of the combined
ledges of the district under the deputy
ship of Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart In aid of
the Orphans' Home. The minstrel com
pany that is to appear will have added to
it a chorus of twenty-five ladies selected
from the lodges, and boy choristers will
also take Dart.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Potomac Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas, Improved Order of Red Men,
at its last held council sleep adopted five
palefaces into the mysteries of the order.
After the business of the evening the new
members were given an opportunity to
appreciate what a social hour in the coun
cil means. Potomac Council, which is
noted lor its hospitality and courtesy to
visiting members of the order, is Increas
ing rapidly In membership.
Poca-hontas Council Is arranging for a
social evening in the near future.
Daughters of Liberty.
On the evening of the 6th Instant a re
ception was tendered to Mr. and Mrs.
George A. Little, the latter formerly Miss
Crawford, by the members and friends of
California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty, of which organisation both are
active members. After the social festivi
ties all adjourned to the banquet hall,
which was decorated with the national
colors, and partook of an exquisite colla
tion. On the table there were many il
luminations in the form of heart-shapeu
holders, in which there wore tiny red can
dles. There were responses to sentiments
by prominent members of the Junior Or
dr of I'nited American Mechanics and of
the Daughters of Liberty, the reading of
an original poem on "Love"' and a friendly
discussion an "Is Marriage a Failure?'
At midnight all formed a circle and joined
In singing "Auld Lang Syne." The af
fair was admirably managed by Mls»eß
Minnie M. Sproul.'Christlne Jorgcnsen and
Isabclle Beach.
The Druids.
The ofiVlnl visits of Noble Grand Arch
Julius S. Oodoau to the groves of the
l.'nited Ancient Order of Druids In San
Francisco closed la^t week with the one
to Volta. where there was a good attend
ance and an instructive session was held.
There were present twenty members of
the Past "Arches Association. On that oc
casion the new officers of the grove were
installed by District Deputy Grand Arch
G. Ealdissonc, assisted by G. lcardo of
Galileo Grove. This grove has inlti.it • .1
twenty-six in the pa.«t six months. Un
der good of the order then- were ad
dresses by the noblf- grand arch. Past
Grand Arch Bahrc, Grand Secretary Mar
tlnoni, Grand Trusteo Armstrong. Grand
Treasurer Horn, M. H. Hernon, noble
arch, and Dick Barton, recording secre
taiy of Mansanita Grove. On- the 6th in
stant the noble grand arch. In compa-iy
of Grand Secretary James F. Martlnoni,
visited Maytteld Urove at Mayfield; on
the 7th Sullnas Qrove at Salinas; on the
Sth Matiror.H Grove and Lulu de Camions
Grove at banta t'ruz: on the 9th Qtroy
Urove at Giin y. and on the 10th 1!oIV;*t
Grove at Hollioter. There is a posslb.llty
to-morrow night a ik-w grove may be Ini
tiated at WauonviHe.
The officers of Hesperian, Templar and
Laurel groves, comprising district No.
3. were installed on the !'th instant in Sar
atoga Hall, after which ilatc was a grand
Jutflee.
The next annual outing of Galileo Grove
will bo to Kcrnbrook Park, on the Mh
of June.
Semplone Grove at Us last held meeting
Initiated two candidates and two strangers
were elected.
All the local and Interior groves have
adopted resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the lata Orand Secretary Graves.
All the local groves are active In con
nection with the grand initiation to take
place on the 17th tnstant.
JlrKinley Grove, the local baby, adopted
by-laws last Friday and received a num
ber of applications for membership.
- * i - - Knights of , thins. ;>e. ;
Past Chancellor W. D. Wagner of San
Bernardino lias been engaged for nearly
a month past In visiting the Native Sons
parlors of the northerly part of the State.
He Is one of the grand trustees of the
N. S. G. \V.
K;iglc Cliff Lodge at Dunsmulr has made
the final payment on Its tall and the mort
gage was cremated this month with ap
propriate ceremonies. The property yields
a revenue of about $100 a month and me
payment of dividends on the stock will
now begin. The . Dunsmulr Knights put
up the building on credit three years ago,
end by energy and careful business man
agement have a valuable property. There
(ire scores of other lodges. In the Stale
that might emulate their example with
"fit. ¦
Milo Lodge, at Nevada. City, celebrated
it» twenty-third anniversary Friday night.
Grand Chancellor- Calkins and the elo
quent Robert K. Hums of Auburn were
among the special guests of the evening.
Fifty members of Olympic Lodge of Grass
Valley were there. At th.- T>unquet. where
tho grand chancellor presided, covers for
m were laid; The Nevada City Ladles'
Mandolin Club of eight members, a vocal
quartet from Olympic l^odge and Mllo
Lodge's InstmißCßtal quartet furnished
music at the Mupuer.
l.lly Lodge of Slsson and Eagle Cliff m
Dunsmulr are exchanging monthly visits
aru having Jolly times.,
IVtaluma I-/idge Is enjoying unbounded
prosperity. Twenty young and prominent
c!tb.tns are having the ranks conferred
upon them and another large class Is be
ing formed. A crack team of San Fran
risen will go there shortly to assist in
the long form of the third. A fine Pythian
castle Is completion and the lodge
will Boon movti Into It. "- '
On July 2 of this year Dlrlgo Lodge, No.
21. wan Instituted In Oakland, being the
rtrsl Imlgn instituted by the present grand
onVers. It started with fifty-seven mem
bers and at tho present time the member
bliip is 121. The keeper of records and
»e»l reports something over thirty appli
cation* In process of investigation. The
lc<*ge is assured a representation of three
delegates, with a possibility of four in
tlm next grand lodge. The . membership
cumbers many of the prominent residents
of the Athens City and one of the features
Is that It numbers more young members
than any similar organization of Its char
acter In Alameda County. At present
members are forming a uniform rank and
the matter Is being enthusiastically taken
up. The remarkable growth of this lodge
Is clue to the untiring efforts of the effi
cient officers and charter members.
In a letter to the grand chancellor of
California President Neal of the Endow
ment Rank says: "The general condition
of this branch of the order continues to
Improve right along. There Is not a sin
gle request on file for a 'hurry up* In tho
payment of death claims. The conditions
in California are especially gratifying,
the 11 ll.is1 I. is In membership there being much
leaf* than wo had anticipated." .
To-morrow night the grand chancellor
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
RING WORM AND DANDRUFF.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestifer-
ous Germ.
Ring worm and dandruff are somewhat
similar In their orlgrin; each Is caused by
a parasite. The germ that causes dan-
druff digs to the root of the hair and saps
Its vitality, causing falling* hair and, final-
ly, baldness. Without dandruff thero
would never be baldness, and to cure dan-
druff it Is necessary to kill the germ.
There has been no hair preparation that
would do this until the discovery of New-
bro's Herplclih!, which positively kills the
dandruff germ, allays Itching Instantly
and makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
At all druggists. Take no substitutes.
Thero Is nothing "just as good."
Railway's
Pins
Puraly vcfeUble, mild and reliable. Ctutaa
perfect dlgeatlon. complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
Kur the cure of all dlaordera of the Stomach.
Liver, BowelM. Kidney*, Bladder, FemaU Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, BiliOUtnoM, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2fic a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. RADWAT ft CO., KtW York.
Will begin a fortnight's tour of the San
Joaquln County districts by officially vis
iting the three lodges at Stockton.
Grand Vice Chancellor Trask of Los
Angeles reports extraordinary activity
among the Pythians of his portion of the
State.
The Knights of San Diego are working
up a uniform company that they are con
fident will earn high honors at San Fran
cisco next August.
J. E. Holmes Jr. of Brooklyn Lodge
and Charles lieed of Dlrigo Lodge at
Oakland will leave in a few days for an
extended tour of the Southern, Eastern
and Middle States to advertise the inter
national Pythian gathering at San Fran
cisco next year. They will take with
them the largest and best collection of
stereopticon views of California that has
yet been got together and will give free
exhibitions of these views, supplemented
with lectures on tho scenery and re
sources of the State, In the principal cities
and towns. The Alameda County Board
of Trade, the San Joaquln Valley Im
provement Association and various other
interests are at the back of this most
commendable enterprise.
A temple of Ruthbone Sisters with
thirty-seven members has been organized
at Pcrterville, Tulare County.
The executive committee of arrange
ments for 1902, of which Past Grand
Chancellor Charles L. Patton of San
trancisco is chairman, will shortly begin
holding frequent' and regular meetings. It
consists of eight members of the Grand
Lodge and seven centlemen appointed by
the Merchants' Association of San Fran
cisco.
George H. Clarke, v/ho was on Tuesday
last re-elected Mayor of Sacramento, is
a prominent and active member of the
Knights of Pythias.
Native Daughters.
On the evening of the 4th inst. Darlna
Parlor, the parlor of beautiful girls of
the Western Addition, had a very enjoy
able grab-bag social in the Red Men*
building, In which many who are not
rvembers of the order took part. There
was a great deal of Jollity, and after th<j
grabs had been disposed of there wan
uancing until it was time to catch the
last car. The affair was conducted b/
Mcsd.itnes Lena Jarvls, Marks, Gerich
ten. Harry, Abrahams and Schoenfeldt.
Past Grand President MJss Mac B. Wll
kin paid a visit to Golden State Parlor
last week and war: well received. In re
turn she gave the parlor an interesting
and outer ta in me address.
Past Grand President Carrie R. Durham
was In this city last week.
121 Verano Parlor of Pleasanton has ar
ranged for a Thanksgiving bail, to bo
given In Never's Pavilion in that place.
The following named were the visltots
at the office of the grand secretary last
week: Miss LllMe O. Reichling of ITrsula
Parlor; Miss Kliza D. Keith, grand vice
president; Amanda Hammerly of Pied
mont Parlor, grand treasurer: Mar/
Dempsey of Minerva No. 2. Emma Mun-
M of Piedmont No. 87. Lena Sullivan of
Yosemlte No. sa and Mrs. F. C. Soroco
«nd Mrs. T. F. Johnson of Sutter Creek.
While the session of the next Grand
Parlor, which is to be held In San Fran
rtoco, will not be held until next June,
the ••politicians'" of the order are already
«t work preparing for the campaign of
190?. and are making selections for suc
cession In oftV* as to who shall govern
the order during the next term.
Native Sons.
The complimentary ball that Is to be
Riven In Native S..rs' Hall by SequoU
Parlor of the A'atlve Sons of the Golden
West on the 14th inst. promises to be a
very pleasant affair. The committee of
arrangements has been working to the
end that It shall equal if not surpass any
thing in the social line ever given by this
parlor.
Lyon Corps.
The^fflcers and members of Lyon Corps
No. Rellof I'orps, are quite
r !a,tcdovpr the compliment recently paid
them by the nsslstr.nt department In
spector. May Kky, fonthe efficiency at
tained In the ritualistic work of the or
uer. All the ceremonies were performed
without the slightest flaw. The corps
president. Mary K. Coleman. was spe
cially complimented for the energy and
zeal manlivßied in tlie duties of her of
fice. The secretary. Flora A. MorriU, and
the treasurer, Catharine Muncon, were
also complimented for the neat and ac
curate method in which they kept the.r
books. The Inspector reported the affairs
of the corps in excellent condition, and
gave an instructive talk on the several
lines of work, emphasizing the necessity
uf the officers of each corps to see to it
that the work was performed as dictated
by the department. There were several
visiting members present, each of whom
mnde pUaslng remarks. The patriotic
programme for the month of October was
particularly interesting. Mary Gwllt.
past department president of Oregon, led
In the discussion on "The Andersonvlllc
Prison Property as a Means of Resource
to the Woman's Relief Corps." Many
pertinent Ideas were advanced both in
favor of and against the movement. Rose
K. Dorety gave an Interesting account of
the Evergreen Homo, which is under th.;
management of tho Woman's Relief
Ccirps. Frances A. Williamson rend a
puper on "The Outlook of the Nation."
The National Union.
On the night of the 13th lnst. the Na
tional Union Social and Literary Club,
under the patronage of the San Fran
cisco Cabinet, will give another of Its en
chanting entertainments In Odd Fellows'
Hall, and on that occasion each ticket la
sued will admit; a gentleman and lady of
two ladles. George L. Darling will be
the chairman of tho evening, and the
following is the programme that has been
arranged in addition to dancing, which
will follow the farce: •
Selections »Rto 8:J0). Blchel's Orchestra— (a)
March. Knight Hawks" (Paris Chamber*):
(h) Intermezzo. "Nature's Harden" (Berlin*:
(c) selections from "Bohemian Girl" <Balle):
barytone solo. "Only To-Night" (Molloy),
Howard Somers; ••Carlta." queen of conjurors
and expert lady coin manipulators: tenor solo,
"Beyond the Gate of Paradise" (Robat King).
Jack Harris Fnrce. "A Married Bachelor."
Cast: Dan Ollleapte (a gaxid fellow, whone
Imagination runs away with him), J. Leo Tur-
Icy; Larry FlnnlKan (hl» gardener, a high au
thority on potatoes)? Frank Gllson; ' Deacon
Smith, (who finds It difficult to be good under
adverse circumstances). Henry C. Lefrman;
Sally (Dan's gooUheorted little cook, who, un
like most women, can really keep a secret).
Miss Nellie Connor; Mies Camion (his house
keeper In th« matrimonial market and means
business). Miss A. Perrln; Louisiana (a dark
brunette on the warpath). Miss Edna Keene.
Time— Tho present. .
Ancient Order .of Workmen.
Magnolia Lodge. of the Ancient Order of
United [Workmen wan to have hnd a so
clal night 'In the Red Men's building on
the 4th instant, but it being election eve,
many who had promised to take part In
the programme became mixed up In pol
itics and sent regrets, therefore it was
decided to call the entertainment off un
til the night of the first Monday in De
cember, when an | excellent programme
will be presented and some of Magnolia's
delicate* sandwiches will be offered to the
members and guests.
. The- prlto committee of celebration day
of the order has announced its decision
In regard to the winners. . The first prize,
a silk banner for the greatest percentage
of Increase, goes to Crocker Lodge with
a percentage of 35. The second, an en
grossed tablet, goes to St. John's Lodgo,
with an increase of 25 per cent. The first
prize to an Individual member is awarded
to It. F. McKenzle. of St. John's Lodge,
who had twenty-two strangers initiated
and the second to Frank T. Terramose, of
Crocker Lodge, who brought in the next
largest number. Robert Romer of Yerba
Buen* and William Hansen are each
awarded the California medal of honor for
each having brought in the next greatest
number of member*. . . ¦ :
The following Is the fc programme that
has been prepared for tne first:entertain
ment to be given In Odd Fellows' Hall on
the night of the 20th instant ; under the
auspices of • the Grand Lodgo committee
composed of Past Grand ¦ Masters Bahrs.
Barnes, Hirahberg and Danforth. Grand
Recorder Spencer wfO Grand Receiver
Booth: 1 .-." • ••¦ •'.¦,¦.¦ ¦•'">'•¦• ¦¦ :: .-¦¦/ -¦¦ ¦ ' ¦- ¦
Part I— "The Troubles of .Three.".' an oper
etta in one act: full of muslo, funny situations;
on* continuous round of laughter, as produced
by the Columbia Canned tana— Spenoar, Cheney
drifting and Mesdamet Burn* and Adams, as.
sisted by ¦ a company ¦of .*- competent - players.
Part ll— The premier coon shouter. Elton Lam
bert, In the latest 5 song, "Hits from ¦ Coon
vllle"; the popular barytone, Joseph Fisher, of
the ' Columbia Minstrel Company; the Man In
Red, "Billy" Brarkett, monologue ' and paro
dies; the modem • wtiard. ' Charles V. Reynolds, '
"Cards 1 and 3 Coins'! ; ••¦ California -* champion*.
Prosper. Forrest and . Gladys Montague, Juvenile
cake .walkers. ¦;¦ Entertainment . at Xv Dancing
at 10. '-"-'¦ \: -':-'¦ "•"* f ;;*.¦¦ ¦- ".V^i ., : -.; ;„.¦.=<•!•
Arrangoments arc being made to divide
the 2 State Into . five districts and -to j offer
. ; AJ>V222&TIS2£M3£NTS. ¦; '_.__#
DO WOMEN WORK TOO HARD?
. By MARGARET L. BRIGGS.
(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)
Is it right for women to work so hard? It is a fact that many pleas- •
ures are spoiled by the woman who is too tired to enjoy them, and whose
husband and children cannot enjoy them without her. Many a home is con-
tinually miserable because the mother of the household is always tlretl, al-
ways overworked.
We are put into this world to be as happy as we can. If that is true,
it ought to be the clear duty of every woman to shed happiness around
her. A happy woman accomplishes more good and does more to make those
about her happy than a half dozen women who are always working beyond
their, strength, and who are, as a result, too tired to give their families the
• sympathy and love they need from her. '-
The fact of the matter is, men work just as hard as women. They do »
not attempt so much, it Is true, but their work tells, and they really accom-
plish more than women because they have a quiet way of going about a
thing and . getting it done. The average woman, knowing she has certain
work to do, will worry about it hours beforehand, and by the time she la
actually getting down to It she has worked herself up into such a state that
she expends twice as much energy as she should. At the end of the d, av »
having repeated this performance with every task, she is too tired to wet-
come the family home to dinner, too tired to dress, too tired to eat. The
family spends a gloomy evening. Not a word is said at the dinner table,
because they all miss the mother; afterward each crawls away to his room
because the bond between them Is broken when mother Is so tired. They
all feel sorry for her, but each wishes In his heart that she had left a little
of the work undone, and instead had charmed them with her presence and
the cheerfulness and happiness that surround her when she is not so tired.
This is an every-day occurrence In so many homes, for the women of
this generation generally are nervous and excitable. If they would go about
their work as coolly as a man does, they wouldn't get tired. But they can-
not do It, because their nerves will not let them. ¦,
1 '.'¦ If women will but look after their physical condition they can overcome
that feeling of utter exhaustion. Let the woman who is always worked up
and nervous over her daily tasks, who Is always too tired at night to be
happy with her family, take Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It
will soon cure her nervousness, and she will undertake each task as it cornea
. along without all the fuss and worry that make It so hard.
Half the things that women think are so terrible and in need of such
immediate reform would not be at all bad if they would sit down and think
about them rationally. Many of the reforms would work themselves out
without having so much energy wasted on them, if the women had but the
patience to wait.
* How much better It would be for every one if women. Instead of slav-
ing themselves to death and making all those about them miserable, would
understand that their physical condition makes them depressed, and that
things would not require so much effort and make them so tired if they
themselves were well. The women who are 'too tired to talk at night, too
tired to take any Interest in the affairs of the family outside of the house-
work and the care of the children, ; the women who unnecessarily make
slaves of themselves, almost always have some female disorder that seeks
an outlet in this nervous excitement or depression. Not one of the worn
who are always so tired but has a backache and a discharge of some kind,
• showing that there is inflammation of the ovarian organs. Her condition it-
self would make her tired, even If she never did a stroke of work. Every
woman who is always sick and tired should make an effort to get well. if
only for the reason that her present condition makes her husband misera-
•. ble because he thinks she is working too hard for his sake. He would will-
ingly forego half of the attentions and comforts she provides for the sake
of a few happy hours in her society.
I wish every woman who feels so tired would look at this matter In, the
right way. Her condition will be easily overcome if she will take Lydia K.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which strengthens the feminine organs
and cures all their ills. Mrs. Pinkham's medicine is just what is needed by
the woman who is always tired, excited, depressed or nervous. With it 3
use backaches and headaches disappear, the fret and worry and nervous-
ness are replaced by a cheerful and happy temperament, and the daily tasfta
grow lighter with each hour. Let the women who are working too hard,
who get too nervous and excited over their work, who are too exhausted to
eat. much of the time, try this remedy that has done so much, and la now
doing so much, to relieve those suffering from feminine troubles.
a silk banner to the lodge In the district
that shall show the greatest percentage
¦•f numerical grain within a limited time.
The contest will be confined to the lodges
within each district.
The lodges in the city and State are
actively at work increasing the member
ship so as to surpass the jurisdiction of
Michigan, which challenged the State of
California to a friendly contest.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degrree of
Honor on the 9th Inst. entertained the
members nf San Mateo Lodge and those
of Silver Spray Lodge.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Lodge No. 202 of the Knights
•••••••••••••••••••A — •••••••••••••««#»<
• CUT PRICES THAT CUT COMPETITION
4 I ...AT THE...
I GOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
• NO DISAPPOINTMENT. V
| GOODS AND PRICES EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED.
2 200 Latest Style AUTUMN TAILOR SUITS, plain and fancy trim-
• mcd, cut price $10.00, $15.00' $17.50 and $20 00: w«rt
g .' $12.50, *20.00, $23.50 an.i $25.00. *'- IWU '
i Fur Department Cut Prices. *
2 CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES, astrakhan yoke, heavy satin lined: 14-
• inch, $6.50, were $8.00; 10-inch, $7.50, were $10.00.
m BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES, ctrakhan yoke, heavy satin lined- 14-
i $15.00, were «£&; 16 inch, $17.50, *«• WHO; 18-inch,
• $20.00, were ?25.00. liOUl
• RIVER MINK CAPES, ruffled, heavy satin lined: 14-inch, tin nn
: r were 812.50; 16-inch, $]2.00, «• f 15-OO; 18-inch, Sifi SO
• were $22.50. * IW>JW '
• ASTRAKHAN CAPES, taffeta silk lined: , 24-inch, $B_so^w«re
• 512.50; 27-inch, $10.00, "«* $15.00; $12.00. were
) $20.00.
• Fur Jackets at Cut Prices.
] [ 20 PER CENT REDUCTION ON ALL REAL PUR CAPES.
i Skirt Department.
f 100 RAINY DAY SKIRTS, cut price $ 2 50, wen $3.50.
• 100 RAINY DAY SKIRTS, cut price $3.5(), were $4.50.
5 ; 75 ALL-WOOL GOLFING SKIRTS, cut price $5.00, were $0.50.
« 800 TRIMMED CHEVIOT and VENETIAN SKIRTS, cut price
I oind0 ind $8 - 50: w= " * ?oOt $8 -°°-
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
and Ladies of Honor on the night of ths
4th inst. gave its members and a number
of invited guests a watermelon party In
its hall. In addition to the luscious fruit
there was an interesting programme of
entertainment and dancing.
Yerba Buena Lodge of San Jose wi'.l
give an entertainment and dance on tha
night of the 27th inst., on which occasion
a prize of IS will be given to the on*
guessing nearest to the number of seed*
in a pumpkin. It will be known as a
pumpkin social evening.
Mme. Neergaard. Palmist, predicted th«
election of Schmitz about a year ago. •APVEBTisgiaarea
STRAIGHT FRONTS.
We have just received another ihlpment those Cotton Ribbon Corsets,
only In a much finer grade of ribbon. We have three lengths in them now—
extremely short girdle and Empire lengths— Black. White. Pink and
Blue. See them In our show window. Sizes 18 to 24. Price 91.00 per pair.
SILK AND WOOL WAISTS.
This department Is growing; more popular with us every day, because we
have the latest styles at the right prices. See our display of Waists In show
window. . v
r <&& ) Special [ «|
A^i\ Monday \^
SUk^WW LADIES' TAFFETA SILK ff IWU/ \ \
\ 1 WAISTS, made In the latest V| I Ti»|V?jL / )
3vtWjW^/ 7 style: gathered back and front I I \3 W^^( /
/ —^3Cilwsl / trimmed with fancy poM pi IIM^V
C Miv// thread: colors Green. Rose. fHsj UK ,¦ \ v
T^~sjll(\ Pink. Blue and Black " Regular !my W/ t \ *
r 1 — X^IlS value 15.60. L 53.95 Each. -siis-f/P
&? f tK - f « AL 53. 95 Each, -te- f / \\
ALICIA / ' } ft ] l»T»uc«T-»BO>rr / ' I '
ST " t ' CWT " >WT * LADIES' TAFFEiA SILK V ~^
ALICIA, made o' WAISTS, made In the latest BARBARA, made
fine black sateen style; button down the back. of tine black Italian
ray and white Eng- wlth . fan c >' hemstitched yoke an wn i te French
Hah coutil. low bust ?, rd , ba £ k - c £] or , £} d , R<>se ; coutil. curved bon^
and medium length £1"*- Blue - Red - Black and front, bias cut ana
hip full, gored an 1 " hlte - full gored, silk lace-
bias cut; sizes is L « SPECIAL Oil Cfl t~onri trimmed top; sires 18
18. Price 51. 50 per PRICE 04. LaCili to »• Price U2.5U
pair. per pair.
51.50 EACH— LADIES* ALL-WOOL WAISTS, fancy braided trimmed
front, made in the latest style long straight front effect: all colors.
52.00 EACH— LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS, buttoned In the back with
fancy braided front collar and cuff In all the popular shades.
82.00 EACH— LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS, all tucked front and back;
has straight front effect : all new colors.
.Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
Crescent Corset Co.,
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to i 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - • CAL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. '
Train* !••*• ••¦* •»••*¦ *•* •• i»rrl»« •»•
ux riuNi'imo.
' <Mtin Lai * Foot of Uarket Street.) i
tu.Ti — From N vEiniM 4. 19C1. — arkite
Z.OOa Ercici*. Suliun, Elmtn and B*cr»
BD«Bto . 6:s**
ItC*A Vn»Tt!ie, Wlrt«r», Buibm; ?:Mr
7iM* Msxu: r. i.» i.r.u V*iie}o N»i*
CalUti'fkkiid Suit* Itua*.. . . O:J5r
• -••a Ds>tu, Woodland. Kci<cu Landing.
liar?" OlOflile .... 7t33r
8:00* AUaatic Kit-rraa-Ogdeti bod East A:SAa I
• :••* >":]«*. Lathrop, Stockton ~:*3p
¦ NUes. Metdolm Hairford VisaUa,
PorterrUle 4iWr
¦:XOa Sbaita Ezprrw-DaTia, Wiiii»m«((or
Bartlett Sprinp). Will' »i Red
BluS Portland. ... 7iUr
>•>•« S»i l«saj literoaor*. HtocLtou,
lone, Saeranieutu, Placerrllle,
M»i7«»i'" Chic lied Bluff . 4 «."».
¦iSOa Oakdale. Chinese. Sonera.. Carten... 4:S3p
• :••» Hayward, Nilt* and Ws» Stations. . I 1:55 a
*:«Vi YtDfjo l»:S»r
»:••» Los Acceles Exivota — Marttitez.
Tracj, batiiroi ntocktoo, MrrcrJ
Freauo anJ Lot Arse!« . 7.23?
• :••• »'.l'J<>. Martinez auU War Slatloui ?:53p
I«:*tti The Overland Limited— Dcs
«er. Ooiaha. Chicago 3iS3r
fltf>«r SacramcuUi Itlf er Sw«Dieri tll>O«p
l:l*r Hty«»rd, KH»» am*. Way Htatioo*.. T:»3r
«it»«i> Iteuieia, Wicten. Haeratuento,
Woodland. Ki> «'U lai dii.f
M*rr*f lUt.Oraf lite I 53 A
4 ••» Marline? Kin Rauion. Tallejo,
Kapa. Callatoca. HauU II «a ».»3a
4(«*p Sl.et. LlTencors, &tcckwn. L0'.1... lt.»»p
4iSopHsrward.>iiet. Hai tmm Li»«rcore (M>S3a
4i*«r Port Cos a. TrfcCT. Lattrop. fctnekton I«:S3a
3i**PTb« Owl Limited— Freauo, Tuiara.
Bakenßald. ha>ig>>* for Santa Bar
bara. Los A ¦•«••«. . ...... ¦ M« i
»;»«r MartiD-i Antioeh, Btocktoo. Mer-
osd.Fre«no ll.*»p
. • :S4>p New Orleans Expros— Meodota,
' . Fresno Bakrrstte.4 Los ABfelea,
Dcmlrt. El Paso New Orisaoa
aud East 7:33 a
• ••» Haf ward. N!iei and Sao Jose ! Ui
taiaa*v2ia|s ... 11.234
«;O«r Oriental Mall-O»<1eo. Cter«Bß«
Omaha <%ie*co ... «:X3a
• rf>«p Oriental Maii-Ocoen. Dearer
St. Louis. CUnfo 4:«»r
~:—r Orec<M' awl California i:«i-<rM. »«t
SB* s '- Marjtiille. IU<l<lli«
!%>•¦...! I'iiget -mi., .1 ai..i Ka» •:»»»
• •»Pt*o Pablo. P<ft Cons. Martinez
a> d Way ataUous. ll:*3a
t«^»P y^i..., . . . . ?:aap
COAST LINE larren Ou|t).
Foot cf Market Street j
'
• :••. VeWark.(.'-nit^r«illr.Sa(iJi««.Pritnti,
B>nl'W(V«t HejitaOriizand Way 1
sutlc.i.n »i3«p
?*. I »r Newark C«nt«rv(lle. Han .In**, New
A!n:at!»ii, Fvltou. Itonlder Creek,
'tun Cruz and I riuoli-a Way
Statiooa ••¦Ml
4 1-1 Newark. Han Joe». I«i Gatoe fS:3ot
«•*«.- Huoten Train— S*n Joac aaxl Way
Station* ;?.»wp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
f .i* £11 fUIJCSCO— foci *! JUrkt; Street (Sli* 8»—
Mit VOO 1100* ¦. 1:99 3:.'3 6 18' »
fr.cCituis- r..i«'if»»4».T.—t6:Oo :c.OT 18:08
ic.ooih. i: :9 aas .i:c:r.i».
COAST LINE flraaa Oasqra).
(Third r»h! lov>cee..U ,SU.)
«:!•» ban Jcse and Way MU.tJvt>« •:»•?
T ••* -a .loeen ¦ <\ »Vaj SUli.ii* l:««p
/7i»«i :."«* jlaiflii / 4:l«r
» ••» Ha. .1 <*• Tres Vie* H.i.ta Ouz.
Pacific Him, halir.as. Han Lcia
Ob ;:<t. Baota Barbara an<l Prln-
dim intermediate ><tat.,>iis 7i43p
I«.«4) A San Jcte aud War Station*.. 4:1 Op
I:S«* -)«,, .1 « a,,.l War St.ti.,i,» 3i3Op
•HJr-4 ':.-.', wood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Han ta Clara, ban Jim,
Tra it os. Sa..sa CJnac. Salbia*.
«o:ii»T»r »'••" rawkOjai il«i43*
» «a San Jot« and War Htatlmis. SsSOa
•4:l»r las — aie I'r»» ciral War -Stations w:43*
t»:»Op I -a: .'<¦,,., Los Gate* and Principal
w7e*Bts • .. ?•:••»
a.-xa. '», .; ...» «t,.l Principal War *:»O a
• ¦»»p Ee<".ww>d. Han Joa*. Gilr' y Salinas.
.Santa Barbara. I/«. Angeles lOiOSa
"ill I a— i J'M" a:i i U'ai r.'.at'.oi.t t*' a
»ll:<if Ha» Jmmint WMW M St>t). ..< €ISOr
A for M'H-i.ir.f ¥ for Afternoon.
. . t Unuday ezc«tit«d. 2 bandar only.
• ftatarOay -«!y / Tuesday* and Frldays_
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Lesirt Market -ttrget Ftrrr Depot.
Locs.l i L..x d Orrl'4 i Local
. r>allr E>alljr j Daily Daily
I>v Bat Fran 7:20 a *:00 •> '8: 00 p', 4:20 p
At. Btockton 10:U a U:ts a 11:10 p 7:IS p
'• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p i:JOa $-.11 p
" Frawno.... S:Wp J:K p 2:15 a 10:50 p
- Haarord.. 8:12 p J:27 p 6:0: a
- VlaaJia. . *:» V 1:00 a ........
• Bafcerefld. CIS p t:2op 7:45 a
" Kan Cat] I 40 a 7?/, a
" Chicago ¦¦ ! 2:15 p >:00 p
a for morning, » for afternoon.
»-00 a m. train Is th* California Lisa
ited, cerrylnir Palace Sleeping Cars and
r.'lnln*: Cars throuirh to Chlcußo. Chair Car
runa to Bakenfield (or accommodation of
local first-cIAM passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4 5* p. m. is Stockton. Merc*d and Fresno
loc&L CorreepondlDg train arrives at 12:89
¦ m. dally.
B:'X> p. bi. is t»e Overland Express, with
throtrh Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recl'.nlcir Chair Cars to Chirac, also
Palace Elwper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at C.*oo p. m.
dally. .
*20 a m la Bakersfleid Local, stopping
at all points in Ban Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— 64l Market street and in Terry
Depot, ban Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Sun" 8 ,m,, M ,,,- m Sun- Week"
¥*lA"l A " ,%& X - r* - "**« hMi si »s» 1M *• U.4f, a
1:45 r. 1(W»a. 7. —mZTiI •.-!,¦.»« S-" 00 '• 2:<o '•
I 1:15 p. *•"•• v - kJ)^'- »- |6:06 r ,
fw,^n.^¦i <nme» nttni»ima.n»a.
BawOaw, «a majllct traxxT mi aACaAUTO nut
t NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
' KEARNT AND WASHINGTON BTB.—
•» modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, Me to $1 bO day;
»c to It week; it to 120 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runs ail debt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Frannisco's Scientific Dermatologists
gpG?k OVER 1,000
C? LADIES
Of this city and State have had their wrinkles
removed In San Francisco at the New Tork
Institute of Dermatology sine* Its location here i
eight months ago. A woman Is on exhibition '
at their parlors with the wrinkles removed I
from one side of her face and left on the other
side, showing; what their treatment will accom-
plish.
They also have the only permanent. cure for
freckles la the world, It being- their exclusive j
secret. Persons desiring to put either of these
treatments to the test may do co by having all
of their wrinkles or freckles removed from one
side of their face free of charge.
By a simple painless operation their surgeon,
specially trained for this work, corrects 111-
shaped noees. double chin, flabby throat, sag-
ging cheeks, drooping mouth, puffy, baggy eye-
lids, without pain or rcarrlng. and removes
hair, moles, warts and all marks and blemishes '
from the skin. Consultation in person or by !
letter is free and strictly confidential. Call or i
address N. T. Institute of Dermatology. San I
Francisco. Cal.. Columbian Bide . 91« Market
St. (opposite Emporium ) Take elevator to :
, fifth floor. A lady Is In reception at the parlors
to explain methods to callers.
Opera Glasses
AND
Lorgnettes
NEW PARISIAN SHAPES.
The Ocularium.
OPTICIANS^LorJSTApf APPARAT w. '
.. rwob jcuNTiric
642 Market st. instruments
u«Bts o-wcuxisusisi. Catalogue Fric
BATXWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER! fit Ct
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon F«rry. *Mt «l *s«fcs« m
€m Francisco to cam Rafael.
: WEEK DA VS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 6:10. C:3O p. m. t Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at l:M
and ll:2'i p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:OO. »:JO. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. I:3tf.
5:00, £:?j p. m.
ban Raiae to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:W>. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:46,
1:40, i.li V. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.Ji
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IO. 1:40. 11.10 a. m.. 1:*». I:**.
6:05. C:2B p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. i April 28. 1901. i San Francisco.
Week , Sun- i I Sun- | Week
Days. ( days. [ Destination. I days. I Days. :
7:30 am] 8:00 ami Nova to. il0:4o am| 8:40 am
2:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma. i C:0; pm,lO:2S am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kola. : 7:36 pmj *:30 pm
" j Fulton] I
7:34 am " Windsor. ] 10 am
I 00 pm Heaidsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle. |
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm C:2O pm
7:30 am ! 6:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am] and Uklah. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am 1v:25 am
I 8:00 am; Guernevllle. ! 7:35 pml
2:20 pm' »:00 pm! _ I 6:20 pm
7:10 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and I
8:10 pm 6:00 pm. Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pml 6:20 pm
7:10 am: 8:00 ami 110:40 am|lo:23 am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm. Sebastopol. I 7:25 pnv 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlllc for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carl*
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heljrhts. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. TTssl. Wllllts. Leytonvllle. Cummins.
Bells Spring*. Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. , ...
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . '»
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Tlrket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
C*WHITmO. R- X. RTAN. '
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« S«UMltts) Fswrf.
Commencing September '&*, 1901.
FROM KAN FKAK CISCO TO MILL VALLEY;
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:6S. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
•I:4S. 3:15. 4:15, 6:l£. *<:15, 6:46 p. m.
EXTRA Tltil'H-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mordays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:20 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00. •ll:S0 S. m., n:l6,
1:U, *4:45. C:3O, >:30 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to Ban Quantln.
FROM HAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:27, 7:46, 8:35. 10:16
a. m. »12:26 2:16. •3:88, 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
extra TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:46 and 8:66 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, •8:00, *10:QO, *ll:e» a. m.,
•1:40. •Z.U. 4:45, »6:80 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:46. 7:66, 8:56, 10:10 a. m..
12:86. 2:45, 3:60, 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:05 a. m., 12:06, 2:16, 2:20,
6:00, 6:46 p. m. . '
THROUGH TRAINS.
6.65 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time, ¦ ---¦*-;-• ¦¦ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
Society Events
THE past week has been a very
gay one. . There have been en
tertalnments galore and the
announcement of several be
' trothals that have astonished
as well as. gratified the many
friends of the Interested parties.
Miss Fannie Danforth gave a charming
luncheon to a number of Sorosis Club la
dies on Wednesday, November 6. Those
present were: Mrs. W. B. Harrington.
Mrs. W. R. Eckart, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar,
Mrs. Frank Bates, Mrs. Birmingham, Mrs.
Harry Gray, Mrs. J. C. Hall, Mrs. Frank
Sumner, Mrs. George Carr, Mrs. Edwin
Danforth and the charming hostess. Ta
ble decorations were all In yellow. ,
The following people from the Pacific
Coast sailed on the Hemburg-Amerlcan
as express steamship Auguste Victoria
for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg
on lhe »7 th Instant: Mrs. Charles M. Hays,
Miss Marjorie Hays. Miss Orian Hays,
Dr. and Mrs. S. E. Simmons, Mrs. Cecelia
C. Simmons, Mrs. M. E. Brown, William
George Brown, Christian F. Lund.
Mr. and Mrs. Grattan D. Phillips have
been entertaining Lieutenant and Mrs.
Henry C. Merrlam and Mrs. Allan D. Rey.
Mr. and Mrs. Merrtam have spent three
years in the Philippines and leave soon
for Fort Adams, R. I.
Mrs. H. W. Newbauer. Mrs. Julian H.
Newbauer and Miss Newbauer have sent
out cards for Thursday, November 14,
from 3 till 6. at 1914 Sacramento* street.
M.s. . Eli Llewelling and Mrs. Edward
B. loung have Issued cards for two "at
homes ' on the 15th and Sd of November
at the residence of Mrs. Young, 2530 Pine
They're Engaged.
Mrs. Paul Trommlltz of Alameda an
nounces the engagement of her daughter
Florence to Otto Kaehler of Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Lefkorltz announce the
engagement of their daughter Bottle to
David Bercovlch of Oakland. They will
be pleased to receive friends at their res
idence, 355 First avenue, on Sunday, No
vember 17. from 2 to 5.
Mrs. H. Haymann announces the en
gagement of her daughter Rosie to Jacob
Kallmann. They will receive Sunday, No
vember 17. from 2 to 6 p. m., at 23» Clin
ton Park, between Thirteenth and Four
teenth streets and Guerrero and Dolores
streets.
The wedding of Miss Chrlstelle Wagner
and John F. Mues will be solemnised on
Thursday evening. November 14, at 8:30
o'clock, at St. Mark's Church, 6' Farrell
street, near Franklin.
Wedding Bells.
At St. Marys Cathedral Wednesday
evening Rev. Father Kanim united in
marriage Miss Margaret L. McCaffry ami
John E. Walsh of Greenwood, Mendoclno
County. The altars were beautifully dec
orated with brakes, white chrysanthe
mums and myriads of lights. The cathe
dral waa tilled with the friends of tho
young couple. The bride was given away
by her brother-in-law, John \v. Murphy
of Petaluma. She wore a gown of white
satin trimmed in moussellne de sole, the
veil being held in ptace with orunge bloa
sume. bhe carried a bouquet of bride
loses. Miss Catherine McCaffry. th*
maid of honor, wore organdie over whlt»
silk and carried a. shower bouquet oi
white roses. The bridt-smaids. Miss Min
nie Miller and Miss Carmellto Martinez
of Orinda Park, wore organdie" over white
silk and carried shower bouquets of pink
roses. Dan O'Callaghan acted as beot
man and Frank G. Drury and Thomas
Dillon were the ushers. After the cere
mony the wedding party was driven to
the home of Ms. Augustus Miller, slstci
of the bride, where a bountiful supper was
served. The parlors and dining-room
were elaborately decorated with whit
chrysanthemums, ferns, rones and ami
lax The happy couple left for an ex
tended hon« yi">oon. and on their return
will reside in U-mlocino County.
Home Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. Scheel tendered a party
recently to their daughter, Miss Mamie
Schetl, In honor of her eighteenth birth
day. The parlors were beautifully deco
rated with smilax and yellow chrysan
themums and the dining-room with rose*
and carnation*. Those present were.
Miss Leonle Anermark. Miss Cordelia
Burns. Miss Millie Dohrcty. Miss Flor
ence Adam*. Mlsi.s Kuth Warren. Miss
Sadie Dohrety. Miss Pauline ButtertW-ld,
Miss Gertrude Dohrety. Mrs. Herten.
Mrs. Newman. Miss Hattle Stelgler. Mr.
Warren. Mr. Seyferth. Mr. Lawler. Mr.
Krull. Mr. Hush. Mr. Reese. Mr. Stelgler.
Mr. Bluc-k, Mr. Fox. Mr. Armstrong, Mi.
Amsel. Mr. Jacobs. Mr. Ward. Mr. Sny
der. Mr. Itchevary and Mr. Mitchell.
On Saturday evening. November 2, Rev.
and Mr?. Joseph Wlllner gave their
daughter Clara an 'Wenlng at norm' a*,
their residence. 1011 Buchanan street. The
evening was .nost pleasantly spent In
games, music and voral selections
Among those present v.-ore: Gus Brown
Mr. and Mrs. Basch. Mis? Essie Gulden.
Miss Essie Basrh. Miss Bertha Bcnhay
on, Miss Claire Brownstorm. Carl Basco,
•ADVERTISEMENTS.
You Can Get Rid of
Face Torments,
FRECKLES,
PIMPLES,
SALLOWNESS,
MOTH
PATCHES,
WRINKLES.
By taking my treatment at my pax-
lors, or I can treat you successfully
by mail, confidential.
_gJESL I ill M
SL. MONTEZ
mst..wa-
Is a pure, delicate appearing solid re-
sembling sweet country butter. Ab-
sorbed in the skin pores by gently rub-
bing, it revives and restores the skin's
vitality, the relaxed muscles and
fibrous tissue become rested, the blood,
which is the
SKIN'S LIFE,
At once circulates freely, and the re-
sult is a Clear, Smooth, Velvety Com-
plexion. Price, 7Sc per jar, postpaid.
Ladies treated by mail for all blemishes.
Tttlaf PAT Ladies ••"ding this ad
iniAL rUI. W | th 10 «nt« In .tamp.
will receive ¦ book of Instructions and a
box of 6kln Food and Face Powder Free.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Geary St San Francisco.
¦ ,X\ Orl#laal an« Omlr OaaaUa.
TO ¦> VI JJs«««roM ¦¦WtTtaUnws ul TmitZ
Vtmf m Haas. 2r' sf year OuS.0 uS. u V wed T«. ••
\lfr .. **rm Mail. t;6*Q Tmi(si«»l»u. Wl4k>
tost*. ui> £U- r>M MUteM m££T £Vflju £2;
Mlas Josie Cohn, Julian Ephraim. Bert
Friedbergr, Joseph Golden, Loula Basel;.
Miss Bertha Gordon, Miss Rebecca Gor
don, Harry Jackson, Miss Florence Jones.
Abe Levy. Miss Minnie Levison, Miss
Stella Levy, Miss Mildred Mann, Ralph
Mann and Roy Morris.
A Halloween surprise party was given
to William Thornton at the residence of
his parents, 77 Wood street, by Mar
guerite C. Kearns, Kittle A. Thornton,
Hose M. Smith and Maggie/ B. Magulre.
The reception rooms were elaborately
decorated with palms and evergreens, and
the guests spent a pleasant evening in
playing, singing and dancing. Among
those Invited were: Marguerite C.
Kenrns, Kittle A. Thornton, Rosie M.
Smith, Maggie B. Magulre, Julia McCann,
Etta Masterson, Anna Ward, Mary Ri«e,
Edna Anderson, Katie Boyle, Gertie
Murphy, Jennie Murphy, Meda Thornton,
Hazel Thornton, Willie Thornton, Willie
Kearns, Harry Fromberg, Edward Mur
phy, Adolph Hart, Ramond Nolan, James
Watson, Eugene Thornton, Frank Mal
strettl, Tom Reynolds, John Connoly,
Arthur Hallard, Murray Hopkins, Ro
mane Stansberry, Frank Collins and Wil
lie Boyle.
A delightful surprise party was given
to Miss Katie Lawton Thursday evening,
October 31, at her home, 120 Fourth ave
nue. Richmond- district, by her school
mates. Thejhouse was beautifully decor
ated with e4krgreens and smilax. Those
present were! Miss A. Jefferson, Miss A.
Robinson, Miss I. Danhey, Miss E. Lean,
Miss G. Lean, Miss M. Lean, Miss E.
Beebe and Miss K. Lawton; Masters Au
brey Lake, Henry McGrath, Harry Nye,
Louis Fitzgerald, Theron Davis, Grand
ville Wood.
On last Sunday evening at her resi
dence. 1542 Webster street. Miss Mac
Snyder entertained the members of Club
Romttus at a whist party. Tables were I
set in the spacious parlors anil promptly
at 8 the game began. Interest H«T*r
flagged during the entire game, and much
merriment and gossip were occasioned by
one of the players by his high scoring, who '
was never seen to win a point. The game I
closed at 10:30, the honors of holding the
winning prizes falling to Miss Edith East
woo'l and Earl Earhart. B. M. 'Jones and
F. R. Harwuod were given the booby
Drlzes. Refreshments were served on
wte-a-tete tables, during which the
guests were entertained by musical and
vocal selections rendered by Miss Emille
Austermuhle, Cornelia Farrell, Mac Sny
der. Dr. E. L. Freltas and Will Ganey.
Dancing completed the evening's pleas
ures. Among those present were: Miss
Cornelia Farrell, Mrs. Pernell, Miss
Crawford. Gertrude Austermuhle, G.
Harold Sandy, B. M. Jones, F. R. Har
wood. Mrs. Charles Farrell. Emedle Aus
termuhle, Essie Kaser, Frank Hollani.
Kdlth Kastwood. Karl Earhart. Charlts
B. Tuell. Dr. E. L. Freitas. Hattle Kried
Adele Sammy, Mac H. Snyder and Will
Ganey.
A Halloween surprise party was given
to Miss Mattie L. Fest at her residence,
1616 Turk street. The surprise was a com
plete success. The parlors, muslc-roOm
and dir.ing-room were beautifully decor
ated with flowers, greens and Japanese
lunterns. At midnight a. collation was
served in the dining-room, which was
lighted up entirely by pumpkin Jack-o'
lapterns and candles. Those present
were: Mrs. Austin Cook, Mrs. N. 8
Frledberg. Mrs. H. Pfaff, Mrs. O, L. Fest
O. L. Fest, Miss Mattie L. Fest, Miss
N'lna Cook. Miss Carry Collins. Miss Lll
l!nn Dunbar. Miss Llllybell Ettlng, Miss
Mabel KttlnK. Mian Rae Frlfdberg, Mis.*
Lillian Frledberg, Miss Lennle Fest. Miss
I -a ura Kflly. Miss Lillian Smith. I^eslie
Cnllom, William Ganey. William Haase.
Ralph G. Nagle. Thomas Pfaff. Henry
Pft.ff, Clifford Kushmer and otto Schlllor.
An enjoyable Halloween party was
given \>y Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wilson at
thHr residence, MS California street, ou
Thursday «-vening, October 31. The even-
Ing was spent In singing, dancing and
n-i-ltatlons and cakewalks. A string or
chrstra was in attendance and an elab
orate. supper was served. Those present
wmt: Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Apthorpe, Mr.
and Mrs. R. B. Cornell. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Larsen. Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Wilson. Mr.
an I Mrs. William M< I*u<]ghlln. the Misses
Hlrdie and Lucy Fltirton. Mrs. Bam Mc-
Birr.ey. Mrs. K. Mcßirnf-y, Mr. and Mrs.
Harrty Kenny. Louis Kepple. Miss Net
tle- Owimi. Miss Amy Anderson, 0.. W.
PtaclMr. Frank Klernan. WIHIam Vauhn.
Misa.Gtorgle Luce, Willie Luce, Fred Uia
ninni. Frank Giannlnl. Dan Collins, G.
Clayton, Jack Murphy. A. Belknap. E<l
Wllaon. Charles Wilson. Mr. Miller. Mr.
Ka.«tw<>od, George Regnart and Jack
Reddy.
Club Parties.
A pleasant afternoon was enjoyed by
the Country Cub at the home of Mrs.
Emma U. Jarvts, Newark. The. afternoon
wus devoted mainly to the study on hand.
The topics under discussion were "Races
of Man," "Man's Relation to Other
mals," "Growth and Meanings of
Speech." "Natural language." ."L,oss of
Language" and "Picture Writing." Mrs.
Nelson and Miss jarvls, guests of the
club, favored the ludles with a vocal solo.
On Ut-< i mlit r 3 the club meeting .will be
held with Miss Julk-n at Masonic' Hume.
Pecoto.
The lota Alpha Fraternity held its
annual Jinks and smoker last Saturday
night in the fraternity clubrooms on Sac
ramento street. The Jollities were opened
by a few selections of the Fraternity
Quartet, composed of D. Hunt, H. War
ren, a. Gunn and K. Simpson. After :i
few remarks by the president. Fred Cel
lurluH, the jinks were resumed, each mem
ber contributing with a stunt or two.
In the Future.
Company D. First Regiment, League of
the Cross Cadets, will hold Its annudi
military ball next Friday evening, No
vember 15, at Native Son»' Halt. The In
vitations ate in the hands of the mem
beru of the company. Following Is thu
committee In c-narge of the affair: Lieu
tenant Lawrence Boland. Sergeant Wil
liam Sheehan. Corporul John Folej,
Frank Oriftln ;md Cnarler* Moore.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles larael announce
the confirmation of th«-lr sun Ab<? at the
Cieary-stiuet I'tmple. on Uutunlay, No
vember 16. At home Sunday, November
17. at 625 Octavla street.
Personals.
Misn Frieda Stapff has returned to the
city after a five weeks' stay at Bohemia,
In the Sunta Cruz Mountains.
General and Mrs. O. O. Howard, who
have been visiting Captain and Mrs. John
Howard at 131? 'iaylor street, left v few
duys ago for their home In Burlingtor.
Vt.
Mrs Dr. Edna R. Field and Miss Field
have returned lrom an extended Eastern
trip.
Mrs. Frank Jacobs will be at home the
first and second Thursdays, at 1509 Stein-
Mrs. George Henry Myers of 2118 Cali
fornia street will be at home the second
Tuesday of each month.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Herzog have changed
their residence from 1615 Scott to 1621
Scott street.
Mrs. John Waterman Phillips has re
turned from the East and has taken the
F L. Whitney residence for the winter.
Mrs. Sig Kaufmann of 3019 Sacramento
street has giver, up her home for the win
ter and will be pleased to see her friends
the first Friday of each month at 1368
Post street.
Clinton Jones and family of Ross Val
ley are at the Colonial for the winter.
Miss Hattle Urownstone has left for the
southern country, to be gone an Indefinite
length of time.
Dr and Mrs. Louis Oross have arrived
in New York from Europe* The doctor
will remain one month In the East visit
ing the hospitals and clinics, ____..
Mrs. 8. Lowenthal and Mrs. H. Kaskcl
will be at home to their friends the sec
ond Wednesday of each month at 1627
Octavla street.
At the wedding of Ladysmith of London
the most prominent and greatly admired
presents consisted of very unique and ar
tistic antiquities, such as old silver arti
cles, classic Bronses. Marbles, Paintings,
rare wood carvings and quaint pieces of
antique Furniture and Porcelain. In San
Francisco we have a unique store which
keeps similar articles and it should be en
couraged. This art display Is at The P.
Rossi Company's, of 229 gutter street. *
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
>¦.;•.: ¦ ¦'¦:- wmmm 1 rwerts r •
SBBBBBBBBBBBBBBf permanently removed by DR.
Wm^Mand MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE},
HLnUsi^Bll^nohoe building, 1170 Market it.,
¦Kjl^KHwtth the electric needle, without
¦y^M '/*.J naln or scar. First sitting free.
rWt\ | Mhhiii 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
¦i^*. Toilet Cream. BOo; Brahman
—^SHTooth Powders, ' Kg. All drug-
IgMsttMi^Hglsts. Large stock always at J.
¦BbblslbbbbVß. Potts pru» Co. _ _,_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— - #»i»UJtM^^ =^=— ¦
The 4 Art Exhibition
is now in readiness
' This important event which is now taking place in our Art Department
on the second floor, affords an opportunity to secure exclusive Decorative
1' Art Novelties, also the first choice of a. magnificent assortment. All ladies
interested in Art Embroideries and all artistic accessories, should visit this new
and extremely interesting exhibit. All are cordially invited whether desiring
to purchase or not.
Art Needle Work ! Decorative Bronze Ware
This exhibit of Fancy work is the most beauti- The widest range of tastes can be gratified from
ful collection ever shown by us in all our years an immense assortment of charming conceptions:
of experience. Handsomely . Embroidered Sofa which embrace Vases, Bowls, Card Receivers,
and Pin Cushions, Fancy Handkerchief, Glove Dinner Gongs and Table Bells, Smokers Sets,
and Necktie Cases-, Silk and Leather Opera Bags Writing * Sets, Paper Weights, Ash Trays,
are here in profusion. Also a most attractive Candelabras, Cabinet and Mantel Clocks, Card
" showing of finished Burnt leather articles such sets and a large ] assortment of new and novel
as Photo Holders, Music Rolls, Collar and Cuff Cabinet Ornaments comprising Animals and
Boxes, Opera Bags, etc. -^ Birds of every description.
New Art Linens Fine Art Glassware
You will revel in this exquisite gathering of Exquisite, artistic pieces that any connoisseur
bright new ideas in fine Silk Embroidered would delight to buy, including Tiffany, Lon-
Linens of all kinds both white >nd colored; huda and Bohemian Glass ornaments in opal
also Linen Glove, Handkerchief, and Veil cases crystal and iridescent effects, beautifully
in entirely new designs. An inspection will prove decorated and in new shapes. An artistic dis-
instructive and profitable. . play that really must be seen to be appreciated.
Attractive Items in Ladies' Wear
, „¦¦'/¦
Magnificent assortments of Neckwear, Ostrich Boas, Silks and Chiffon
Ruches, Robes, Fans, Handkerchiefs, etc. for Opera, Party and Street wear.
Ladies' Neckwear t Fine Fans
Handsome chiffon Boas, with long flowing Tomorrow — unusual values. Hand painted
ends are in great demand, the season's most gauze Fans, io inches long in colors white, pink
desirable style, our assortment large to select and black — at 65c each.
¦ g^^^^^i
Black Liberty Silk Ruffs, accordkJn pleated Lace and Spangled Fans, beautifully orna-
ends, entirely new, at $2.00, $2.75, $3.50, to mented, in choicest of colorings. Special at
$7.50 each. „ \ $2.50 each.
1 Novelty Chiffon Jabots, trimmed with ribbon Some extreme novelties in Fans, richly spangled
and lace in a large variety of different styles, with Shell and Pearl frames $20.00 to $30. 00 each,
choice colors at $1.00 each.
Chiffon Robes — At a. Special Price Handkerchiefs
Latest creations in imported Robes, beautifully We are now offering extraordinary inducements
embroidered on fine White chiffon in White, Pink, j n i2)ic and 25c handkerchiefs. Embroidered,
Blue, Lavender and Maize. Gowns suitable for hemstitched, and lace edges in latest designs.
Party and Opera wear^actual value $30.00 and . AUo> one bt of Udies , Unen Handkerchiefs.
* 35.00. baler-rice $22.50. Jj hemstitched with hand embroidered initials.—
Ostrich Boas Box of Special at 90c a box.
Made from finest selected Ostrich plumes, in rj . r\ «>#•
Black, White, Gray, Natural, also White and riair UmamcntS «
\ Black., A large assortment always on hand. Choicest styles in Ostrich feather, Illusion,
Prices ranging . • Chiffon, Liberty Silk and Ribbon, also Egretes
45 inches long $11.75 to $15.50 Spangled butterflies etc.— Prices 50c to $1.50
54 inches long $21.75 to $33.75 each.
, \ ' Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue
Ifftea/Tip and Setter Streets \[
CALIFORNIA'S VETERAN LINEMEN,
Continued From Page Thirty-Five.
on the twenty-yard line. Fisher's punted
ball was returned to that point and ten
yards given Stanford for an offside play.
After two line bucks for four yards' gain.
Fisher punted to the center of the field,
Preston downing Mini prettily. Mini was
thrown back on the next pass by Slaker
for a loss. More punted and Slaker ran
the ball In fifteen yards to Stanford's
forty-elght-yard line. Fisher punted to
California's thlrty-flve-yard line.
Sherman took Mini's place at half and
was given the ball for a dash around end.
He was thrown back for a loss, but the
Stanford man was ruled to be offside and
ten yards was given California.
Kvory one now felt that Stanford would
not be able to score. The time was get
ting short and California had the ball
well toward the center of the field.
Sherman skirted end for six yards.
Buckt> between center And left guard by
Duden, trti yards for offside play and five
yards by Whlpple through Traeger car
ried the ball to the thirty-yard line In
Stanford territory, where it went to Stan
ford on downs.
Fisher punted to the center of the field.
Sherman was thrown back for a loss of
five yards by Traeger. An exchaonge of
punts left the ball In California hands
on the fifty-yard line in Stanford terri
tory. Another exchange and a run-In of
ten yards by Sherman gave California a
Sain of ten yards. More punted to the
tanford five-yard line. Fisher punted,
and for offside play the ball was taken
back and ten yards given to Stanford.
Fisher punted and the ball was down on
the thirty-two-yard line in California's
possession when the end of the half and
the game was announced by the referee's
whistle.
The line-up was as follows:
California. Position*. Stanford.
Starr, WombU U—B.—R. Cooper. Tarpey
and Pre«ton.
AlberUon L.— T.— R McFadden
gtow It.—O.—'R Barnhlael
Gendottl Center.. Lee, Hauvermann
Overall. Stroud R.— O.— L Thompson
Hansen R.-T.-L Tra«ger
Hudson R.— K.— t. Clark
Moore Quarter Ral tt
Mini. Sherman L.— H.— R Fisher
Womble, Whlpple R.— H.— L> HIU, Smith
Duden Fullback , Slaker
The following were the officials of the
game:
Referee— Bert Oliver, Rellane* Athletic Club.
Umpire— Dr. Walter E. Oarrey, Cooper Medical
College. Timekeepers— Everett Brown. Califor
nia, and Dave Brown. Stanford. Linemen— l.
J. Mums, California, «nd John Nourse, Stan
ford.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Bald Eagle Tribe has arranged for a
masquerade ball In Elntracht Hall on the
night of the 23d lnst.
The new hall association has capital
ised its stock at $100,000, and of this $35.
0 worth haa already been subscribed.
Of this amount $1800 haa been subscribed
by Individual member* and the balance is
from various tribes.
The Rev. Mr. Lacy delivered the ora
tion at the council of sorrow held last
month by Pawnee Tribe of Alanieda.
The anniversary bal. that was given In
the latter part of October by the mem
bers of Botoyome Tribe In Union Square
Hall was a most delightful and enjoyable
affair. The members of this tribe have
paid a great deal of attention to social
features and when they aive a ball It la
always up to date. M. F. Clausen waa
the floor manager, and he was assisted
by Silas H. Wllcox. W. J. Treygay, T. ML
W. West, C. M. Erlckson and E. L. Chris
tie.
Supreme Representative Henry A.
Chase Is still In the East and. as he
writes, "having a good time." Recently
he visited Oneto Tribe of Baltimore, Md.,
was received most cordially and later In
the evening was the gueat of honor at a
banquet gotten up for him. The menu
was a strictly Raltimorean one. but with
out "fire water." He has offered to Oneto
Tribe the Anest regalia for a past sachem
that can be made In San Francisco, to
be given to the member bringing the
greatest number of palefaces Into the
tribe by the Ist of April. 1902. There will
undoubtedly be a great contest for the
California prize. He also visited other
tribes and found them doing good work
for the order. One tribe had taken in
twenty members In two weeks and had ten
more palefaces for the succeeding council.
A new tribe of the order will be insti
tuted on the 20th tnst. at Willats.
Great Senior Sagamore Tyrell was In
The Sale of Those Relics of the
CIVIL WAR
' That we called your attention to in our last Sun-
day's advertisement are in full swing, and you \
ought to see how m the people buy them. Many
of our patrons taking as many as 6 to 10 guns,
THERE ARE THOUSANDS OLD
US. RIFLES, ; i;
Carbine's and Revolvers
here for you to ehoos9 from; weapons upon which the fate
of our nation ono depended and around which hover a
halo of historical reminiscences that make them to
patriots and collectors a prized possession.
FOR PURPOSES OF DECORATION
the old dogs of war are especially valuable, particularly be-
cause the supply is limited and can never again be replaced.
: Come and See the Greatest Collection of
WAR RELICS
ever shown in San Francisco. Some of these guns cost the
. U. 5. GOVERNMENT
I as high as thirty dollars each, and you can buy them at the
unheard of low price of $1.75, with £0 cartridges thrown in
HOME DEFENSE, SPORTING, TARGET. 4TH OF JULY
1 l ' HUNTING, DECORATING.
? 'JV 'ever Again Such a Grand Opportunity.
W.S. KIRK, 517 Market St
the city last week- and paid & vtatt «¦>
Great Chief of Records P. L. Blls&
All the great chiefs that were
city paid an official visit to BotoyciD«
Tribe on the 7th lnst.; on the ttfe tier
visited Arapahoe Tribe, and on the '
the- great sachem, great chief of r«
and others will visit Pohonachee *
After that they will visit tribes and coua
oils as already announced In this iep«
n-ent, continuing the visits until the Sth
lnst.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18. Los Ancale*
December 19, reaching Mexico In time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, 970. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit «0 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco.
261 South Spring street. Los Angeles.
3738
GERMAN LADIES'
ANNUAL BALL
Grand Event of Pioneer
Relief Society oi
Alameda.
Attendance Was Large and
Charity Fund Will Profit
Thereby
AI-AMEDA. |te* -Harmonic Hall
was the scene this evening of the
rfghteenth grand anntra.l ball ->t the Ger
man Ladies' Relief Society. Like ull simi
* lar events of Its kind given by th<* be
nevolent women of AJajnedft'* oldest char
itable organization. It was a gratifying
wiccess. There ••• •> lar^e crowd in at
tendance and juleasoine reigriu-d supreme
until after midnight- Dumciiig commenced
at I o'clock.
On the reception comniittee were Mrs.
Theodore W. Leydecker. Mrs. Htnry P.
tchmuin, Mrs. Ludwig Warlike. Mrs.
i*ci.i!*ohr. Mrs. \Yi!hn?lnu and Miss Meta
Muller Mr. Ludwig WiiniKe acnad as
:U>or manager. ' His assisting comiaitte«
was composed of August H. Ko«rber. K.
\ ichmann. H. Schwartz. K. Bruns, W.
Leydecker and G. Helniken. Proftxssor
HE. Kaehier was ihe director or misu-
The present officers of the German La
die.- Relief Society are:
President. Mm. C A. 'W'nhclmi; vice
president, Mrs. H. B. Ka/shL»r; treasurer.
Mrs. l.uii»-ie Wamke; eecrttary. Mrs. J.
L. AriM<l.
"The only aim of our society," said the
jw«a»id«i.i. Mrs. C. A. Wilhelm. "is to aid
ihe deserving poor. Of course, we natu
rally com« in contact with the German
>iv»-<iy, but we make no distinction of na
tionality or creed whenever we mid that
m. Iteraon or family are In want. All the
j e«dH of our annual ball are applied
to our charity fend, and It is one of our
principal sources of income. The society
ht now eighteen yeans and »tv months
established. During that time we have
•Ud«d many worthy poor, and It la our
i>urpoa« to old many more"
BEAT OFT" aOBBEHS IN
FBONT OF THXTR HOJO;
Herman Boman and Bis Son Hake a
Gallant Stand Against High
waymen.
Herman Roman, of Summerfleld & Ro
man. clothiers at Fifth and Market
streets, and his son were held tip by two
masked robbers In front of their resi
dence. 11S0 O'Farrell street, about 1
o'clock this morning. They made a gal
lant and desperate fight and succeeded In
beating off their assailants.
Just as Mr. Roman and his son were
about to eater the house two men. wear-
Ing masks, confronted them. They had
been concealed among the shrubbery in
front of the residence. The senior Ro
man was. ascending the steps, when he
was halted by a robber with pistol ia
hand. The son was oil the sidewalk wh-n
the second robber turned his attention 10
ward m.
Although young Roman was confronted
with a pistol, he whippet! a blackjack out
of his pocket, knocked the pistul oat of
the robber's hand and we:. at him. The
other robber ran to his comrade's assist
ance and attempted tt short, but hie re
volver failed to go off. Attacked by both
father and son, the highwaymen made 'iff
without securing any booty. The police
were notified, and searched the neighbor
hood without avail
W. R. LJddie was held up by two high
waymen on Hayes Ftreet, near the Me
chanics' Pavilion annex at 2:30 o'clock
this morning. One xobbf r covered Lidtiie
with a pisroi. »••.•• other <-ut out his
pocket snd secured $4. The robbers then
best their victim, whose cries attract-.*!
Police Sergeant Bush and Patrolman
Dor. They tofc Mta to the Emer
gency Hospital.
Mother Sues Son in Foreclosure.
OAKLAND. Nov. S.— Elizabeth Laugh
i^ri began suit to-day against William
Laughland to foreclose on a chattel
mortgage given for t2*) on some furni
ture. The plaintiff is the mother of the
defendant. He mas recently sued for d:
vorce by his wife, Ida Laughland. wh«»
paid her husband forced her to !?*ve
home.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9 -The War De
partment has been Informed of the death
at Philadelphia, of Colonel Charles R.
Paul. Thirtieth Infantry. Colonel Paul
bad been 111 fur some time. He was a
veteran of the civil -war and was appoint
ed to the army from New Jersey His
death promotes Lieutenant Colonel James
M. Lee to be colonel of the Thirtieth Reg
iment, which is do* in the Philippines.
Haiil Baf at Pasha.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 9.— Halll
Rafat Pasha, the Grand Vtzfer, died to
cay. and Abdurrahman Pasha, Minister
d Justice, has been appointed to succeed
him ad Interim.
W. C. ~Lyon.
AUBURN. Nov. ».— W. C Lyon. a plo
ceer ot Placer and El Dorado counties,
cropped dead to-day. He was th* owner
ni the Auburn and Forest Hill t«ll road.
MEN; BE STRONG!
jtffg&^yit' '^v You Can Be Cured of
JlpiF \ NERVOUS DEBILITY
Ilip^N^lJ and LOST MANHOOD
W- "CALTHOS"
IllPlpf Ufftssal flUw
.sssWl'^^J^ I Full 5 Days Treatment
I ABSOLUTELY FREE
W§=iiS£ lmM%g& i I By Seated Mall.
mJXbEZ2^?S%i^ NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Tor year» «li« cry lima gone tip from boDdrnli and Th« V«m Mohl Company decires i« tbat yon girt At
tboß*&nd« of •"«•"• young •»<! old. for » r*m~4y that r»-ro«l» a fair and thorough trial, and the/ are will,
would rid tbrmcf the terrible result •( et ,y folliea ing to atiind all tUa riprnw connected with tbe trial
or c«ow*. or of **'• overwork and worry th*t up to pr©T« tbe faith 10 IU merits.
tb« physical rltalitr. nnnrrn nr (<«•¦«. ¦»•• ¦ ¦»•>»•••
The medical profusion of tbU country eeemed POWER OF CAITHOB PROVED.
powerless to rope with tbe appalling and dicutruui The first <tny yon taice the treatment yon will be
<H*ea*At and armorf n% wmlhimmi of men r»-i>ilting benefited. The »ecoDd day you wilt feel an improve-
Ircm violation of Nature! iatrt. titf-ut. Tbe third day yon will note an inrreaa* of
PRflr I&BDRDE'fi Wmnrßrill nt« nVtPV Strength. Tl:« fourth day will nhow a gain both
ritur. LRBUIIUI ft WURUtHrUL HIS«H/tPT. mentally and p!ijr»lcally. The fifth day you will
It remained f or tbe eminent French authority. feel like a new man. If you inffer front any form
Irof. Join LaU.rd*. to conduct »c j-ntiflc InQnliy of Nrrroun Inline and f!exual WeakneM. Kperma-
Inro the rauae and core of Lost \it*lity. Kexual tcrrli'fa. Varlcocrle. linpotrnry. Small r»rU, Nl«bt
•****¦?••• »»«rm»torrh<f'-». fcpiUp«y. Impotency, Sweats. Palpitation of the Heart. NerTou«nee«, Cos-
fimall Paru, and the world today ¦rknowl»l rMI t | m fomon of Mean, and I^>»« of Memory» you can post-
roprcaacy of th* wouderiul remedy 'T*LTHOI» tlrely be cured by TALTIIOM." but if th* di*W«
Th« on M»ml Company, of Cincinnati. Ohio, bitproisnwred to (be »ta<re marked by tbe symptomi
r*coguizlng tbe commrrcUl ralue of I'rof. LnU.rdf>> of F.pilrfwr. <"..nm.inp(ion or Irmnlty ws cannot
<lin-o*eiy. aerur<-d Ibe »<>!• American ciirht* for promire complete recovery.
"CAtTHOs." and tiiruiiph it* acmcy t!.> u»arifli DDnMDT tPTinM ivdudtiut
<.' me* who tafiered Iron i-.-xual diaeeMw ami en. PRCSSPT ACTION IMPORTANT. -
f<<-lillor if* maladies likve heen reatorrd to As yon T»lti» yonr health, your happiness, your
b' ..-li and th* virile powers <tl perfect maaltiKMi. very life, *»•• itot delay brrlnninf Irealmeal.
THE VflM KOHL CfJ'S RrMARIARt t fiFPFS '"'" Vo"*V 0 "* 1 I * l Company has tliouiauda of tMtlrao.
•Nt lun muni, btl *. nLntAnKADLC llrrtn. ouinon flip from petaont who have taken tit* treat*
We or* now s-ntborizod, by Tbe Ton Jfohl Com. n.-nt, *liowing its msrrelout rvatorative power.
C»ny. to announce fliat »vrrv mini who tr nd« «imply The Compaay «loet not pnbllih tet tlmonltU and
hit name sod addreet will l*» aupplied absolutely your correrponrience is sacredly rontidentisl.
•c liy waled tanll, with ftvewiays foil treatment I Many who take only the five-days free traatlßant
«f "TALTHWI.'' Tin* Is no C. O. I>. or ix-potlt write that they «ro entirely cured. *"•"»««
?'•»». and there It positively no condition at. For tbe «nke of roar family aud friends. M watt
tithed to the offer. You Bend not give bumiliatlng ' as for ynnr own bent interests, writ* to The Vosi
•eteiU regarding your trouble. You need not send , Modi Company for the free treatment by mill. i>
— cent of ¦sonsy — even a postaga »tamp. All I plain Mated package, at ones. . - ¦ *~!-
The Yon MoW Co.. Ul B,t#ZnS&^7uilil%^ Cincinnati, 0.
OLD MAN BEGS
TO BE KILLED
Terrible iDjur.es Cause
Frank Hamilton to
Court Death.
Caught by a Revolving Shaft
.and Many of His Bones
Broken.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
18 Broadway. Nov. 9.
With all the ribs In his left side frac
tured, his breast bone broken and his
I body lacerated In numerous places, Frank
J Hamilton was brought to the Receiving
; Hospital this morning. Between his
screams of pain I*s piteously begged the
doctors who were dressing; Ills wounds to
put him out of agony, declaring that he
had already lived too long. >
Hamilton sustained his Injuries by being!
caught and whirled around a shaft in
» Reed's planing miU. 'on Second street,
where he went to work this morning.
The unfortunate man's clothing became
entangled with a bolt projecting from tho
shaft, and before be could free himself
he was swung about by the shaft with
fearful velocity. When the machinery
was stopped und Hamilton extricated
from Ma awful plight he was almost
nude, the clothing having been ripped
from, ins body by the. revolutions of the
machinery.
Drs. Milton and "WClcox attended Ham
! ilton. It Is not known how seriously he
Is hurt internally, hut his condition is
regarded as extruniely •precarious.
Hamilton is Cl >vaj-e of age. He resides
at Beulah Park with his wife They have
no children. . ¦
:new pi*ays to amuse
oakland play-goers
"Tale of Two Cities" and "The Queen
of Hajti" to Fill the
Boards.
OAKLAND. Now. 8— A Tale of Two
Cities," the dramatization of Dlckenk'
Caznous novel, is In preparation and will
Ite put on at the Dewey Theater next
wvek. Lander.-i Su-vens, who has beea
tailing a vacavon, bas returned purposely
to take the leading role in this great
play He will hay« to support him hl>
wife and one or two other clever people
•who have been cast for the production.
•The Queen of Hao*ti" is the name of a
pla> that will lie ru? on two nights next
week at the Macdonough Theater. It will
occupy the boards Monday and Tuesday
nights The new play Is presented almost
entirely by coicred people and is teeming
with interest.
RACES IN THE EAST.
Final Events of the Seasott in the
Metropolitan District.
NEW TORK. Nov. I.— A big crowd was tn
attendance nt Aqueduct, to-day to tee the lan
racing of the season In tbe metropolitan dis
trict. Summary:
First race, seven fucfonge. selling — Lamp
O Lee won Ben Battle second. The Rogue
third. Time. 1:28 2-5.
Second race, one mile nr»l seventy yard*, sell
inic—Trebor won. Nitrate second. Altbea third.
Time. X:« «-6-
Third race, the Cr*e<Smere handicap, five and
a half furlongs — Tenajrra ¦won. G. Wnlttler »«c
on4 Mary Worth third. Time. 1:08 i-t.
FVwrth race, the Farmlordnle handicap, one
mile and a sixteenth— Oora Paul won, Eton Me-
I>hut second. Handtcspp«r third. Time. l:fl 4-5.
FUth race, five and a half fnrlon&e— Rocky
won. Connecticut second. Bigotry third. Time,
1.09.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—Sur
mli«e won. Miss Almy second. Klngstelle third,
Time. l:iS3-5-
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— Lakeside summary:
Flrat race, six furlongs— Evelyn Byrd won.
Manga second. Hartwy third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Rival Dare won,
Aaron second. Sim Lazarus third. Time. 1:15.
Third race, five furlongs— Nellie Waddeli won.
Herode* seoond. Amasl third. Time. 1:01 3-5.
Fourth race. *lx furlongs— Moneymues won.
Sea Queen second. If Tou Dare third. Time.
1:13 2-5-
Fifth race, mil* and an eighth— Orontas won.
Rolling Boer second. Searcher third. Time,
1 .53 4-4. •
Sixth raca. mile— Miracle II won. Lennep
?»<-«nd. Telamon third. Time. 1:41 1-5.
Seventh race, mil*— Saiilla "won. Red Apple
s'cond. I'recU"n»r third. Time. 1:42*4.
CINCINNATI. Nov. > — Latonla results:
Tim. race, six furlongs, selling— Bill Mssele
won. Erema. second.* Princess Qtillle third.
Time. 1:1M4..
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Dcr
moi won. Inventor second, Setauket third.
Time. I:CS.
Third race, hurdle handicap, mile and an
eighth— Governor Boyd won. Lord Farandoie
second. Cleaner Holme* third. Time. 2:O"Va-
Fourth race, nitle. selling— Winter won.
Fairy Tale second, Dolly Wagner third. Time.
1:42H-
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Schnell-
I^ufer won. Nobleman second, J. 11. Sloan
third. Time. 1:«.
Sixth race, two miles, sell Facade won.
Little Tommy Tucker second, Woodley third.
Time, 3.364.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. ».-Doi»glass Park
summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Tounc
Henry won. Incandescent second. Miss Aubrey
third. Time. l; 09.
Second race, seven furlongs— won.
Lllliam M second. Myrtle Dell third. Time.
I :2T'V
Third rsc*. five and a half furlongs — Tremor
won, Ed L second. Jake Weber third. Time.
1.07.
Fourth race, handicap, gentlemen rider*, one
n:!l»— Metoxen won. Sauce Bowl second. Pan
charm third. Time. 1 ?«>
•'"ifth race, live and a half furllnga — Gugur
tha won. Dubious second, Kcgel-Kegel third.
Time. 1:093*.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Eleven Bells
won, Honeywood second, Domlnls third. Time.
j 1:C«*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
MEMORY OF LATE PRESIDENT WILL
BE HONORED BY PUPILS OF ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA, Nov. 9.— Prompted by
patriotic motives and with nn
urdent desire to perpetuate the
memory of President William Me-
Kinley, the school children of this
city have raised a fund to be used In se
curing a bust of the late martyred execu
tive of the nation to be placed In the new
building for the Free Public Library.
TMs afternoon the committees of pupils
from the various schools which manuged
the collections and subscriptions assem
bled in the office of School Superintendent •
Hughes, inailo their reports and turned
over their receipt* to the treasurer o€ the
general committee. The sum total of cash
received whs $120 00. Of this amount $36 bO
was from the Hatght School, $38 15 from
the Mastlck School, 114 16 from the Por
ter School. $12 S3 from the Longfellow
School. SU 58 from the Wllgon School. 14 $2
from the E\*erett School. $1 73 from tho
Oak-«treet School and S3 50 from Mlsd
Dens' Kindergarten.
Those comprising the. fund committees
from the several schools were as follow*:
HalKht School-Miss Ad'le Ehrenber*. Mies
RAILROAD WINS
THEIR SUPPORT
DENVER. Nov. 0. -Members of the Or
der of RallwiyC Conductors and Brother
hood of Railway Trainmen employed on
tha Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, at
a meeting In this city this afternoon, act
ing; upon the advice of W. O. Lee. first
vice grand master of the Trainmen's or
der, voted unanimously to stand by the
railroad company In the strike declared
by the Switchmen's Union of America.
A plan was adopted for recommenda
tion to the company aa to the manner In
which vacancies occurring by reason of
th« strike shall be filled. This action
practically ends the strike so far as the
railroad company is concerned, but n
flght may ensue In other portions of the
country between switchmen and trainmen
and where the switchmen's organization
Is strongest, labor leaders nay. they may
retaliate by Injuring the trainmen.
"Notwithstanding the statement thru
has been made that we would have rtlffl
culty with the interchange < f business of
our connections we have absolutely
none," said Manager Herbert of (he Den
ver and Rio Orande to-day. "Not n car
of Important freight has been delayed nt
any point on the system t>lnce tha sttikn
occurred. There has been no delay In th..
movement of patwnßer trains."
Grand Master Frank T. Hawley or tho
Bwltchmen has not given up the fight ,
however, and Indicates that he has some
moves to mnke thnt may surprise tho
railroad company and the trainmen.
YOUNG LADIES WILL
GIVE CHURCH FAIL"
BERKELEY. Nov. 9.— The member* of
the Young Women's Auxiliary of the First
Presbyterian Church, In order to pay for
the furniture In the Sunday school room
will give a fair at Bnell'a Seminary, at
2710 C'hanning way. Tuesday evening be
ginning at 8 o'clock. A large number of
young ladles are Interested In the success
of the fair. They will preside over various)
booths from which fancy, domestic and
other articles will be sold. The commit
tee of arrangements and those who will
preside at the various booths are as fol
lows:  .¦ :, ,- -..;., .-.-. ¦ . " .'. ¦,;¦'¦
Arrangements— Kit a Frailer. ¦" Mrs. J
Eakle, Ml mm Louise Tuttl«, Miss- Kalhertnc
Wlckaon. • ¦.•*,'-' - — ¦ .-• >
Candy— Ml«» '¦'¦ I«ab«l Rtockton, Mlm Ruby
lchards, MJm Berthu Clark, Mill Louise Par
ley. •¦¦, --¦¦.¦ ¦- ..' ,) ¦ •: ; ¦.•.-. : --
Domestic articles— Miss Margaret Darling
Miss A4ele Lewis and Mlm UAa. Oarber.
' Fancy work— Klliciil*eth Davis, Miss Cora
L«wls and.MlM Katberlne Wlckson. .¦
Ice cream— Mlaa Sally Daln*erflel4, Miss Nel
lie Dobbins.- Mlas Clara Piper and Miss Anna
Croso*.- ¦':•-•'-"-- • •¦..-.¦•:. .-.:-.,.- .. ..
Lemonade— Miss Etta Douve, Miss Annette'
Wilson and Miss Maude Benedict. '¦• , • ; <
PATRIOTIC LITTLE WOMEN OF ALAMEDA SCHOOLS WHO ARE ACTIVE
IN FVRTHERANCE OF THE PLAN TO PLACE IN THE NEW LIBRARY
BUILDING OF THEIR CITY A BUST OF WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Ethtl Brown. Otto Par*on. Ernwt Wllaon.
Mnitlck School— Miaa Mary Sherwood. Mlm
B<>Mle Vallrau. Philip Taylnr.
I ¦ ¦:• r Srhool-Mlta Haiel Binder. Miss Doro
thea Van Orden.
lx)ngf«llow Scnool-Mlas Marlon Kirk. Harry
Lc>v»Joy, Frank raraon.
Wil-..n S-hi...l Mm* Portrr Hlllman. Mlbs
Mab»l Barber. Mark Hortan.
Woman Bent on Suicide.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9 —Mary Walker, 65
years old, tried to commit suicide last |
night by cutting her throat at her home
'. !i Holds Ftreet. Her husband prevented
her from carrying out her Intention and |
to-«lay brought her to the Receiving llos- ¦
'¦Mai. wlu'i-i- i«he was charged with in- !
vanity. She will be examined Monday.
••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••©•••••••••••••••••••••••••••««#4>4
"OH, MY BACK!"
Are you tortured with a pain in your back when you wake up in.the morning?
^r . Does your back feel stiff and sore when you get out of a chair?
fa* Does it ache when you stand on your fee: for a while?
m'W^\| A - !l these are signs of weakness in the nerves and organs which center
Ijijj -at the spine. It is a serious matter, and will give you trouble if neglected
r^K^L Weak Kidneys, Constipation. Varicocefie, Lumbago, Rheumatism,
*~<f£ lo«Bv^ Wasting Vitality, Sciatica, Lccomotor. Ataxia and Blight's Disease
iV^iVM. a^ Produce a Lame Back.
(^^iTkl Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt
n2BL j f Cures Back Pains in 5 Days.
f MWT Zfi A If cures forever » because it restores the warm ,i:e to the weakened nerves
iJmf •*+Ji^ and muscles. It pours into them a vigor which renews their elastic strength- I
I/ .1 . have cured many bad case's in 5 days.
4^^^: A \ Lame Back and Rheumatism. Kidney. Liver and Lumbago.
s|||||s> /V V *->R McLAUGHLIN— Diar Sir: 1 must say DR. M. C. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Beforl
¦' m II V ¦ that your Belt ii ; the best treatment for lame usin « your Belt I suffered a great deal with kidney
I§iPlli^ li It I back or rheumatism that has ever been put in and liver trouble « but in on month after its appli-
' vllll llHi ;i' use - Your B?lt.s the acme of aH medical ap, sJ^xs^t^sn asivs
V^^^^^l //^>l I piances, and I. WOaIJ not be without it. . .in addition. lam always lad to recommend th«
Im^c^bl I ' a wt t»/«jt"r»» a*? r» j r- , Belt. Yours very truly
I^t / v 9. W. WHITMAN, Raymond, C.I- DAN DOUGH ER?vf ',46 Bo y « st.. San Fmicuica
NO BURNING! NO BLISTERS!
;The.Dr;McLaughHri Electric Brit is the only one in.the world which can pour electricity into the body so that the patient can
feel it without. burning an blistering. My special chamois cushion electrodes and regu ator make this possible. No other belt on
earth has them, hence all : others that have any power must burn and blister th; skin. . * . ."• ¦
X DIP P^ v ROn \£ If Po " ib l e ' Ca " *" d tMt my famous Belt, free ° f Char * I Will tell you honestly whether it will help you
1 1% I*4 1-4 . UV/V7l\» or not Examination will convince you of its superiority over all other belts. If you cannot call send lor
* / .- a-V . J 1. ; my 80-page beautifully illustrated took, with full information and prices. I send it closely sealed free
I)D M 0 Mol AIIGUI IN 7 ° 2 Market 8t " Cor * GcaPy ' San F^nciaco. "WO Went Second 8t,,L0. Angeles.
Uill If 1 Ml IfluL nUUnLII V .:.• 'Office hours-8 a. m. to B:.wp.-m.: Sundays 10 to i NEVER SOLD IN DBUO STOBBa
Mlm Deas* Kindergarten- Mis* Rowena Bell.
Little Miss Adele Ehrenberfc- of the
Halght School was the originator of the
children's movement. Bhe has striven
dlilgen<ly to make the undertaking a suc
cess and has been industriously assisted
in her efforts by Miss Mary Sherwood.
Miss Bessie Valleau and Miss Porter
Mlilman. Miss Ehrenberg Is chairman of
the general committee. Miss Doroth«u
Van Orden Is treasurer and secretary and
Miss Ethel Brown Is asuiatant secretary.
There Is a rule of the School Depart
ment which prohibits soliciting subscrip
tions from the pupils, but on this occa
sion, through the courtesy of the Board
of Education, the rule was- suspended.
Boxes were placed in all the classrooms
for the reception of donations. Those re
ceived ranged from a copper cent to a
silver dollar.
For the present the entire fund will b*
deposited by the treasurer of the general
committee in a bank. At another meet-
Ing of the committee to be held soon It
will be decided when and what kind of a
bust l« to be purchased.
Will Give "Passion Play."
BERKKLEY. Nov. 9.-Under the aus
pl«es of tho Epworth league and Chris
tian Endeavor societies of A Trinity
Methodist Kplrcopal Church or this city
the famous "Passion Play" of Oberaro
mergau. Bavaria, will be Riven a blo-
R-raphlo presentation at the Berkeley
Opera-house next Friday and Saturday
BATTLE AGAINST
SPRING VALLEY
Minority Stockholders
Fight for Riparian
Rights.
Fear the Corporation Will Ab
sorb All Water and
Destroy Land.
" • Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
• , 1118 Broadway, Nov. 9.
After two years of waiting, during;
which the attorneys on both Hides have
resorted to every means of delay known
to law In order to gain advantages, the
Vuit of Mrs. Jane 11. dough, representing
the minority stockholders of the Wash
ington and Murray Townsnip Water Com
r-any, against the majority member* of
that corporation, to prevent them from
merging its Interests so tbat it will be
subsidiary to the Spring Valley Water
Company and also to restrain the fcipring
Valley ¦ from destroying the riparian
rights /of* the plaintiff, will go on Monday
morning in the Superior Court. There i*
more at stake In tills cast- than appears
on the surface ana the outcome of the
suit, . like the Oakland water rale suit,
will be watched with Interest.
Briefly stated the controversy is the re
mit of the purchase or v controlling in
terest In.the Washington and Murray
Township Water Company by the Spring
.Valley Water Company. Mrs. ("lough
happens to be a minority stockholder In
ill"; first-named corporation and says she
will not submit to the dictatorial policy
of the Spring Valley. She has already
.secured a decision un demurrer in the
case, the court holding that a stockholder
lias a right to bring and maintain a suit
lor a corporation when its majority
stockholders refuse to do ho by reason
of collusion. The minority stockhold
ers are taking their stand In behalf
of the landowners whose property is
drained by Alameda Creek, claiming that
If the Spring Valley is permit led to go
unchecked it will absorb all the water
and make the land arid.
The Spring Valley has lately begun to
lay thirty-two-inch pipes with which It
Is proposed to tap the region *n the vicin
ity of Niles now drained by slxteen-!nch
pipes. When the pipes are in operation
they, will carry off three, times as much
water as at present.
PIEDMONT CIBCLE, A. 0. P.,
ENTERTAINS VISITORS
Frogramm« of Music and Song Is
Contributed by the Hosts and
Time Passes Quickly.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9-Pledmont Circle.
Companions of the Korest, Ancient Order
of Foresters.- entertained a number oC
grand officers cf the order, deputies art!
visitors from Webster Circle of Pinole
Thursday evening in (Jier Hail. A com
mlttee consisting of Mrs. Richard Hairn.,
Mrs. Charles Moon. Mrs. John Robert*
Mrs. Ada Collier. Miss Caroline Meye.%
Miss Alice Bradley and others decorated
the hall and prepared the reception.
The programme was contributed by
Mrs. Miller of Piedmont Circle. Mr*
Lercher. Mrs. Moon and Miss Minnie Mc-
Cracken. A mock initiation was held and
games and dancing indulged in. Among
the grand ofll< era present were: Mrs.
Miller of Piedmont Circle, supreme gran.i
chief companion; Mr*. Boehm. supremo
grand pub-chief companion; Mrs. Mor
row, supreme grand secretary: Mrs. How
ard, supreme grand right guard; Mrs.
Berger. supreme grand Inner guard, and
Mr. Boehm. high chief ranger.
Wives Ask for Freedom.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— Mary U«tels began
j«u!t for divorce to-day from Eugene De
tels on the ground of desertion. The
couple formerly lived In East Oakland.
Mary E. Foster asks for a divorce from
John H. Foster on the ground of failure
to provide. Maurice Jottnson charges hi*
wife. Anna Johnson, with deserting him
and wants to be divorced from her on
that ground.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9-The shipment
of green fruit from Sacramento to points
In the Eastern States. Canada and Europe
practically came to a close to-day. Dur
ing ihe next week or ten days there will
be small lots sent out. This morning
twenty cars of apples and four cars of
grapes were shipped. The total number
of r;irs of fruit sent out this season was
£MO. o? against 6251 at a corresponding
date last year.
evenings. Twenty-two scenes from the
play will be given. The entertainment is
for the benefit of the societies.
FEDERAL. PRISONERS rLEAD.-Toy Tan.
Indicted for aiding- a Chinese In transit to aa~
oape from the Mall Deck, and Robert L.. Pitts
and Georr? Abrairm. memberfi of the Smlth-
JVrtv Knnic of worthless bill pesyem. plraded
not aruilty yeaterJay in the t'nlt.ii States Dis
trict «*ourt.
REJECTS BRIDE
ON WEDDING DAY
Miss Emma Joseph Asks
Damages for Wasted
Affections.
Says Joseph Santana Jilted
Her at the Last
Moment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
18 Broadway, Nov. •.
For his alleged failure to appear on
his wedding day Joseph F. Santana. a
wealthy : resident of San Leandro. is de- f
fendant in a breach of promise suit for
*SCO 6 Instituted by Miss Emma Joseph of i
Antioch, Contra Costa County. After
having- arranged her trousseau, .prepared
a wedding- cake and dinner, and even
gone so far as to send a carriage down
to th« train to meet th« prospective
groom. Miss Joseph says, her lover dis
appointed her. and Instead of coming him
self sent a letter through the postofflca
abruptly telling her that their wedding
would never take place, In Miss Joseph's
complaint her felicltat! >n» and disap
pointments, due to tbe fickle Mr. Bantana,
are arranged in the following chronologi
cal order:
December 13. IDOI-At the plaintiff's home,
near Antioch. at the request of th* defendant.
nhe rum Led to marry him within a reason
able time.
July 11. 1300—De agreed that they
should b« married, un July IS. 1300. in Contra
Costa County.
July 15. 19uO— With the knowledge) and consent
of the defendant « public proclamation was
mad« la the Catholic: church at ?atioch sad
'the plaintiff, at the Rpevial instance of th*
defendant prepared her wedding garment*
July 18. 19U0— Defendant procured a m«rrla«»
lU;«iuk to marry defendant.
July 18, 1300— Plaintiff prepared wedding cake
and dinner: sent her brother to engage a car
riage to take plaintiff and defendant to th
railroad 4«>pt>t after th«lr marriage. Defend
ant hiul requested her brother to meet htm at
the depot on th* day of the ceremony. Th«
brother went there, bat the defendant failed
to come, ami instead thereof a letter cams
through the postnfflce addreued to the plaintiff,
informing; her that he -^puld not marry her. .
Miss Joseph says that, confiding In th«
promises of the defendant, she has since,
remained and continues and still is sole *
and unmarried and has been at all timer*
rtady and willing to marry the defend
ant. She demands 25000 for her wasted
affections.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— Licenses to marry
were U>«ued to-day to Joseph Roses, 31
vcars, Merced, ami Mary Rosa, 18. Oak
land; Karl A. Lain*-. 2b. and Louisa Holm.
J9. both of Berkeley. Frank W. Olllen. 2TV
und Annie F. Bechetle. 37. both of San
l*rHn«'l*o»; Rolaml W. Day. Uft, Oaklaml.
end Kllzu Mi'Vuail*-, I*. Suisun; Washing
ton Eldridge, i. and Minnie Berch. 1
both of West r»erkH«-v; Frank Ambrose.
2.'. and Frances Cabral. 18. both of Oak
land; Frank J Queilo. 22. and Regtna T
Koch. "J5. both of S;in Francisco: All«"i
It. Andrews. 11. a:ui Lucy F. Fratnev
15. both of San Francisco.
Ewing's Dudes Surprise Themselres.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9.— The Target
Bearers won a frame to-day for a wonder,
the score standing 7 to 4 at the end of
the first half of the eighth inning, when
the game was called ©• account of dark
ness. Both teams played fast ball, but
the day was so cloudy and dark that nei
ther team could do Justice to itself Score:
OAKLAND.
AR R. BH SB. PO. A E.
Mohler. Ib ..I • ? 1 I 1 4 V 3 1
Francka. lh 3 1111*1
Dunleavy. 2b 4 12 . I ;. » -• 9
Strelb. cf 4 1 t- 0 10 «
Eagan, as 4 1 % » 2 i. , 0
Lohman. c .......... 4 0 2 II l« I " «
Hamilton, rf 4 0 0 • 0 # •
Hansen. If 3 IS-»'J9 0
Hixlaon. p. 4 1 0 •) » l >>
Totals 32 • 12 » 2* 11
SACRAMENTO.
AB R. BH SB. PO. A E.
Flood. Ib ...~ 4 0 19 0 3 0
Sheehan. Jb 4 •» 1 • 3 1 »
Courtney, cf 4 • • • 1 1- 0
Hotter, rf -~ 4 » « 9 • • •
Davis, lb 4 1 • • • «> •
McLausrhlln. If 4 1 3 0 4 « A
Devereaux. ss 3 1 1 0 4 0 1
Sullivan, c 4 1 S • 3 1 t
Crown, p 4 • • • 0 1 •
Totals S3 4 11 • 21 7 i
RUNS AND HITS DT INNINGS.
Oakland 3 • !'•• • tl •— I
Base hits 2 • 1 1' 3 2 2 •— 12
Sacramento 039000 1 *
Base hits 1 3 0 0 2 13 I—ll
SUMMARY. ,
Runs reaoonaible for— Hodson 2. Brown i.
Home runs— MeLauchlln. Eagan. Two-baM
hits— Devereaux. Sullivan, XcLauchlin. Sac
rifice hit— Mohler. First base on errors—Sac
ramento 1. First- base on called bails —
Hodson 1, Brown 2. Left on bases— Oakland
S. Sacramento •. Struck out— By Hodsrn 6. by-
Drown 3. Hit by pitcher— Hansen. Passed ball
—Sullivan. Time of frame— I hour and 40 ¦sa
utes. Umpire— Harper. Scorer— Rutherford.SINEWY GIANTS OF THE FOOTBALL TEAMS IN THE COLLEGES OF THE EAST
STRUGGLE BEFORE APPLAUDING THOUSANDS FOR SUPREMACY ON THE GRIDIRON
Harvard Men Defeat
the Quakers.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 9.— Harvard
to-day on Franklin Field, admin
istered to the I'niversity of Penn
sylvania one of the worst defeats
the latter has experienced since
she has been In the front rank In the
football world. The nnal score was: Har
vard 33. Pennsylvania 6.
Harvard scored twenty-two points In
the first and eleven points in the second
half, while Pennsylvania scored six points
in the first half. This single touchdown
was a gift of Marshall. Harvard's quar
ter-back. Reynolds kicked the ball to
Harvard's twenty-yard line, where Mar
shall fumbled it. Mitchell gathered it In
and ran about twenty yards for a touch-
Jown. After this Pennsylvania's chances
of scoring could never be considered seri
ously Once they were n.-ar enough to
Harvard's goal to try a goal from place
ment, but th» ball went wide of the mark.
Pennsylvania's efforts to advance the
bail were reaiiy •ii>'i< ssin»r. So better
proo" of this is needed than the fact that
during the first half the red and blue only
gamed four firs; downs vrhile Harvard
gamed twenty-seven. Only once during
the entire seventy minutes did the Phila
delphia eleven show anything like real
football and this was in the first five min
utes of play. During- this time the hall
was continuously in Harvard's territory.
but this was due not so much to Penn
sylvania's strength as to Harvard's fum
bling. The visitors were visibly affected
with rattles during the first few minutes
of piay. but when they struck their gait
it was only a question of the proportions
of the score.
Strangely enough. Captain Campbell was
responsible for the majority of Harvard's
penalties in the early stages of the con
test. Several times^'iurins: the first few
minutes of play he was offside, and one
of ills offenses would ha\ - e cost a touch
down had Harvard been playing against
a first-class team. In point of fumbling
both '•earn? were about eqiia!. but Perm-
M'van'a was per.a!l**d three times to Har
vard's once for offside. The chief offender
!n this respect for Pennsylvania, was
Mitchell, who took Piek&rpkr* place. Time
and again he would plunce into the line
before the Harvard man had started and
¦the net result ot his overanxiety was a
gain of forty yards for Harvard. His
offense* finally became unbearable and he
tvas taken out of the game.
Never has so much feeling been shown
fn a game between these big universities
as was manifest this afternoon. There
•were numerous slugging matches, and
-ear the close of the game 'moire Da
shiel ordered Jordan out of the contest.
"Jardiner. who was acting captain for
Pennsylvania, pleaded with the umpire.
but the latter was obdurate. Captain
CHAMPION GREYHOUNDS ENTERED
FOR THE OPEN PLAINS STAKE
Ejghty-E'ght of the Best Dogs on the Coast
to Meet at Petaiurrp.
The drawing for the annual plains nn^t
¦ r.g of the Interstate Coursing Club, to be
heM at P»talum*i n«»xt Tuesday, Wednes
day and Thursday, took place last night
sr Pythian Castle. Eighty-eight grt.y
hourds are entered, the largest number
rver entered for an open plain! event
since th« inception of the event eleven
years ago.
It Tt-as thought before the drawing con.
menced that the number of dogs entered
would not exceed sixty-four. When it
was announced that r!ghty-«*lght dog«?
had been entered the coursing men dis
played great glee, and as the names of
'he dogs entered were read the large
Towd present could hardly restrain its
?-nthuirlasm. ICev*-r In the history of open
plains meetings has such an entry b^n
made The dogs entered are in nearly
every case In the champion class. Another
feature which reassures the men who
"wn the dogs of a successful event 1*
the rain that fell yesterday. It will soften
the ground for the dogs and make the
running e&fer. .
The prizes are: To the winner, $200;
runner up. $12T.; third. V*>. next three. H't
each; next five. 120; next eleven, SIC, and
next twenty-two. 110, a total of 1010.
The draw resulted as follows:
T. 3. Cronln's Vandal vs. H. l^aaaVal A. J.
Martin; G«onr« Van B*nr.en's (rt*m~r> Golden
«;artrr vs. F. P.. Gwber'a Mount Ida. U. J.
M*al»y r Ellrta v« W. J. Hrownln«;ii fnam«*>
Rons; M. N*-a.lon"« A«-n«i« \r C. C. rSrinwoM's
•-lam*) Teironett*; A. McL*o«J's I'ure Pearl
vs. D. J. H»-aley's Evan**lSn»; B. O'«r>>
V*nrAe Huirhl* vs. John Huntf-r's Rl<-»ofnflrli
Boy; \V. Cairn's Gold Ore vs. Ht»rl & Knowles'
-" <-t> Mist; A Mclxod's Dlon<l« Beauty vs.
J H Rosix^rr's Itoman Athlet*: F. H. Priced
i.PEEME COURT SEALS
TATE OF THE CODES
Petition for Rehearing Prepared by
Code Commissioner* and Inter
ested Lawyers Denied.
The Supreme Court put an end to all
dispute as to the legality of the revised
rode* yesterday by denying a petition for
c rehearing of the case presented by the
Code Commission and numerous lawyers
throughout the State.
When the decision was first renderel
consternation (seized the framers of Uls
new law*, and many outsiders who had
managed In some way or another to get
measures pasted which were of consid
erable personal benefit. As much legal
talent as could be obtained was lmma
dlately summoned to prepare argument*
and cite authorities enough to Influence
the Supreme Court to allow another hear
ing of th% matter.
But pleadings were In vain. The court
did not even take the trouble to hani
down a reason for its action. The fate of
the codes, which cost the State something
like $100,000 In salaries and consumed sev
en years of time In preparation, whs
wealed with the brief but portentous
merit •"Writ denied."
The legal lights have now thrown the
U." volumes out of their windows, and un
happy publishers who had a lot of the
costly books stored up for sale are saying
Things about the Code Commissioners.
Philadelphians See
Rough Play.
Campbell finally consented to allow Jor
dan to resume his poeltion.
The new play which Coach Woodruff
had evolved will not revolutionize foot
ball. It was tried only twice during the
game and both times failed utterly. The
Fec-y»t of the piny is for the quarter-back
to pass the ball to the half-back, who.
Just as he reaches the line, turns and
strikes the opposing forwards with hl«
back. At this juncture the other half-back
comes along and. taking the ball, dives
into the line in the same manner. By
the time this second half-back got into
the lire to-day he was pinned down be
neath 1000 pounds of brawn and muscle.
The attendance was 20.000. Line-up:
Harvard. Position. Pennsylvania.
Campbell «<-ap.> . ..I«eft »n<l....Melzgar. Thonum
HlaiMen. TVrticht. I>-fT tackle Plek«r*kl
Lee Left guard Bennett.
Mitchell. Baird
Parent.. Center Mc«'ab«>. Jordan
Hannard Rtjrht cuar.l Tens
Cutts. Lawrence.. Rlrht tackle Iv»naH.v>n.
Mitchell. Bennett. McCabe
Bowdltch.
nunte»» Right end Gardiner
Hai-Fha.ll.
Baldwin Quarterback Howard
Putnam. Mlfflln.. .Left halfback R'«nn|<]4.
Town«e^d
Rlrtlne. Jones... Rlrht halfback. .Dale. Snook
Grsydon .. Fullback .... Davlson (cap).
KelUr
CARLISLE INDIANS LOSE.
Annapolis Academy Men Gain Honors
for the Navy.
ANNAPOLIS. Mn Nov. 9_ln the foot
ball game to-day between the Carlisle
Indians and the Naval Cadets the navy
wnn tiy the score of 16 to 5. The Indians
used the right and left formation, with
the Kuard ri»ht and left of the line alter
nately, ard through this play they would
fear through the navy's line for repented
Forget vs. P. J. tUUlr'm Miss Kvann; J. H.
Horn's <r.am<-s> A«nn.<-i.;non vs. D. J. Henley's
Tapioca: F. S. Price's Hrutu* vs. J. H. Ron
¦SSafS Royal Anne; D. J. H»aley's Fine Form
VS. J. H. Rossetor'r OoM Manet: V. J. Hea
ley'g Tlburon v*. T. Hood's fnarnf-M May
HempntwM: J. '"arj^'fi Muster l>*v«-npnrt vs.
a. H. Cortls* l^<r-: R>a?oncflVM; Sterl /i
Knowles' KuKty Oold vs. J. H. f'»iia*o's Far
ajr; !». Walsh * BicnaMStß Hoy vs. j }|
¦tocvetcr's Risky Attempt; H. C Kl^vprahi'it
<nani»'«) I.lly Wiiirht m, O«-otk» Shut man «
M'amhlp; 1.. F. Hart els' *>*t Hnrritn v«. H.
Lyncb's M»rrlmar; A. *5. <*urtl«' • '.in'l»lßrla v*
V. r.rary'% Ruby Banker; A Method's Hoyal
Friend ra. J. 11. Cttne'g CTona.lo: A. P.. Cur
tis' Iy»-olo vs. I). Campbell's (MaaaMa) Fly-by-
Night; H. C. Kl»\«»i'ahl> inim<'p| onward v*.
F. B. Gerbfr's tttmut; E. f«aa*rly'a <nani<>i>)
I>ayllrht v» .1 Mirklarxix Tji« CSrafter;. W.
1. Roblniion'* Lori Freedom v«, ftaiirga Mal
colm's Aeolus: \V. 11. BoMaMMNl'a FrM Free
dom «rs. H. Lynch* CmDc*: F. <'tm**r\y'»
(nairff) Tom Hnrllck v«. W. C. Ula*son'.a
manifii) Tarn* TraWe: Jr>*rph Perry's Swe<"t
.Bells vii. H. H. '.Valk«r> masses) I/oyal Lad;
M N<»alon'« A«?hlllc» v.- J. Mortal 'a Snapper
Garrison: W. Calm*' Imperial v*. J. H. Rok
*trr'ti Koysl Archer; M. Sullivan's Toss VS.
<i*rrzr> Bharman's Black Flush. J. 11. Ilosse
tar's Raaßtfe Arbor vp. 1,. F. Hartal;' Brother
Bob. E. Geary'a Am«>rlra vs. XV. C. Qla>sson'«
fnuntnl D»-w«lrop: H. C. Kleveaahl's (name*)
I>adr Hfari vs. George .Sharmar.n f»t hr«s; B.
Geary'* Minnie Bankey vs. K. Walsh's Thorr
da!»; F. S. Price's <r.air.<«> Tyrone Prince vs.
P. Doyle's liberator: 3. Monarlty's Kittleman
rs. Geors-e Hharman'H Chlcaga I?oy; J. Perry*
Commodore Nanh vs. D. 3. tteaf«y*a Hliwjuor;
F. «*uphlnr> <name*) Mas'er Workman vp.
Jo« Fhra's 811 m; W. C. d« H. I^ooez's Courac*
v«. W. C de B. rx>p»z'» n P; D. \V|elcan<t'e
Flora nth» vp. I). J. Healey'a For "Glory; CJ.
7.ah!> Ml"* Wilson vs. Cmilei Clock's Ala
me<sa Lad; H. Lynrh's Lilac VS. P. Doyle's
Th«*!ma; W. C. Oln*ron's rmmn) White Hat
vs. J. Cane's Grernhall; F. B. Gerbrr's Con
troller v«. Sterl * Knowlf-s' oilta.
STEPS FROM ONE ENGINE
UNDEE WHEELS OF ANOTHEB
Harry Bice Fatally Injured in Sixth-
Street Yards of Southern Pa
cific* Company.
Harry Rice. is» yearn of age, reading at
I*o2 Market street and employed as a
yard pilot in the Sixth-street yard* of the
Southern Pacific Company, met with an
accident about 10 o'clock last night th.i.
resulted in his death an hour later at th'
Railroad Hospital. It was Rice's duty to
nlgnal engineers whether the track was
clear and repeat the signals of the
switchman.
Rice was rid'ng on the pilot of his en
gine and mapped off, not noticing an en
gine approaching from an opposite direc
tion. He was knocked down and fell un
der the wheel*. His left side was V badly
crushed. He was hurried to the hospital
but his Injuries caused his death about
an hour later. He leaves one married sla
ter, Mrs. Blackburn, and two single ones
Pile and Fistula Cure.
H*mpl«- treatment Red Crow Pile and Fistula
Cure and book on plies free to any address.
Rea Co.. I*pt. 2. Minneapolis Minn " aar i -
A *p#v ially trained sanitary troop lately
drilling near Berlin has transformed cars
of different kinds Into hospital cars with
berths for sick or wounded. In from three
and one-half to five minutes per car.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
HOW SOME MEN ON AND OFF THE FIELD LOOKED TO THE CARTOONIST
gains The Indians worked the ball to
the forty-yard line In the first half and
by a double pass Johnson ran this dis
tance for a touchdown. Hare failed at
Roh!.
In the second half the navy men started
In to redeem themselves. Carlisle kicked
REMARKABLE SPEED OF CRUZADOS
IN THE PRODUCE EXCHANGE STAKE
THE sensational win of the Pro
duce Exchange stakes for two
year-olds by Cruzados at Oak
land yesterday was the feature of
the snort. The turn of speed dis
played by the Baldwin colt was nothing
sh"rt of marvelous and probably a stake
vas never annexed in easier fashion.
Coupled in the betting with his stable
mate El Chihuahua, the ring laid 2% to
1 against the pair. When Holtman re
leased the barrier. Cruzados broko away
in the lead, with little Ransom Hlttim: up
straight in an endeavor to restrain the
bay fellow's speed. With the nrst half
mile covered in :47«» and the favorite
qiiilrtlisinim five lengths In his wake,
Cruzados gradually widened the gup of
daylight, until at the wire ho won by a
dozen open lengths, with a score of train
ers shouting to his rider "Pull up!" '•pull
up!" So tired that he almost Htaggered.
came Glcndenning. followed a length fur
ther away by Redan. The winner ruled
«fT the six furlongs in 1:13& None of the
other starters showed to any particular
advantage. The utake was worth $1200 to
the winner, which had been carefully pre
pared by W, J. Spiers.
I'osslbly the Inclemency of the weather
kept a few away, but not mniiy of the
r< trulars were' missing from the blp Sat
urday gathering.
Bomebotty placed a "copper" on th«
first choices befcro the gu«iic opened, for
i solitary one failed to come through. It
must not be Ddaconstmed though,' that
all of the bookmakers din*"! on "birds
and bottles" last evening, for nearly nil
»f the different winners received support.
Rain fell after the fourth event, making
the track two seconds slow to the mile.
Owner Jack Atkln and Trainer Eddie
Carey said Diderot to win the opening
sprint was a little sure money, and th.
three-year-old was played from 2V4 to 9
to 5 favoritism. Hoar rode him about as
cleverly as a Chinaman drives a nail, get
ting beaten out a head by the Burn* &
Waterhouse entity, Mortgage. O'Connor,
on Midnight Chimes, finished third.
Frank Bell, the St. Ix>uls "Hindoo."
scorched over the Futurity course In 1:10,
within half a second of the record, leaving
behind such aristocrats as Joe Frey. Ha
gerdon and Royal Flush. Hagerdon did
not seem to be the horse he was some
day* ago, for, lying In third position, he
was all out when the straight for home
was reached. He closed an even money
choice and finished third. Frank Bell,
with TVlnslette on his back, skimmed
away in front and was never headed, dis
posing of Joe Frey by a length. Royal
Flush seemed surly and indisposed to run
for O'Connor.
Most of the handlcappers thought .111
pounds on Green Morris' mare, Janice,
would anchor her In the Plnkerton handi
cap, over a mile and a sixteenth. Some
of the other starters did not meet with
the best of racing luck and Janice, aided
by O'Connor's skill and 6 to 1 In the ring,
delivered the dry goods. Varro, a W
poundcr, made tho running for nearly a
mile and then went back and eat down.
Articulate for a time now snowed first.
but his early rush from the rear had taken
too much out of him. At the last Brutal,
piloted" by Rlrkenruth, came with a rush
rom the rear, bringing O'Connor, on Jan-
Ice, to a fierce drive and losing by less
than a length. Barbara Frletchle and
Eangor, the equally-priced luke warm fa
vorites, were never dangerous.
Nannie Nolan, a Bt. Louis "trick" an 1
« to 1 in the betting, captured the final
mile selling run. .She assumed the front
position when half the route had bco'i
traversed, winning by a length at the wire
from Kssence, the even money favorite.
The latter had a most tempestuous trip,
with J. Woods- up, or he would have
scored. . , , '..•«,
Track Note*.
Fourteen bookmaklng firms cut in yes
terday, and mere aYe on the way out
from the East.
Billy Conner arrived from Chicago yes
terday and will be on the block soon.
B. J Johnson of the old firm of Hank
ins & Johnson was numbered among th-.t
spectators.
While being warmed up Bonnie Lissak
threw her exercise boy and ran away.
This necessitated the declaring off of all
bets.
Frank lAntcrmnn, a newcomer out thlj
way, chalked up odds.
Winslette Is quite a promising rider. H%
off to Rtrassburger.. who made a beautiful I
run for forty yards. Here the Indians !
forced the navy to kick. The ball bound
i-il back of Carlisle's goal. Johnaon fall- ,
Ing upon It nnd fumbtca. allowing Read to
score- Freyer kliki-d k«>«*l- Lands scored .
the next touchdown, but the goal was 1
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACEraACK— Saturday. Nov. 9. 1901 —Weather cloudy. Track fast.
2MOO. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three- -olds and upward; value to first. $228.
. ~ . — Betttnrf.
Index. Horse. Arc. Wt. Bt. V*. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. 01.
, 2TT7 MartCSS*. 4 102 112 11 1 4 Ih. Bums A Waterhse.. 4 5
l'-*0 Undent. 3 »7 I 3 > 2n 2 1 214 J. P. AtVln Hoar 5-5.9-5
17N9 ,Ml.]ngh'. Chimes. 4.103 2 2n 33 3 h 3h Joseph ...O'Connor I 4
'5793 Hilly Moore. 4 IU2) S4l SI 55 4 1 T. T. Rector .. .Hlrkenruthi 8 X
1776 MrNnmata 4 1021 ft 73 4n 41 5 5 ,W. P. M*<»rn<- * Co.Wnsltt « 10
I2SIJ) Frank Wood*. 4. ...l-i» « 8 2 9 »2 65 Garden City Stable Se* 10 •.'"
27W Xl Orient*. 3 104)10 It 7 2 •14 7 2 B. J. Ual.lwn & Co.Ransom 5 10
2784 Mr». liruneli. 3....10411 l 10 4 10 9 9 2 B. Kchrelber Peterson CO 100
2793 Ilonltaj-y 3 97 9 «h 8 1 10 9 5 Dr. H. E. Rowll.L. Jacksn' 60 lOii
27C3 iHeraldo.' 4 l«! 3 94 62 lh 10 ¦M. Kane J. T. Wood* 30 100
2MI I>r. Nemhula. .... 107, 7 6 h •_ .„ tJJ _ |l>. Cameron J. Woods 8 13
Time— '*. :<a. H. :454: *. 1:11. Fair utart. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns A
, Wat»rhoußc'a b. m. by Montana-Lottery. Mortgage away railing. With a more p*-rsuai>lv»
ride IM<lerot would hare landed. Chime* ran her race. MrNnnura came from far back.
ivl Orient* no chance from Mart. I>r. Nrmbula sulked and tried to run out. Scratched —
• Hedner !"?•_ •Pull"!! »)>¦
2HOI. PECONI> RACK Futur.ty course; all age*: value to first. 1325. . .
I "1 ', "" ~~~~ T~* ' I Itettlng.
Index. 1 torso. Age. Wt. St. «t.« t . %• Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
ma Frank Bell. 5 117 1- 1 2,4 IHi 1 I 11 J. W. O'Nenl A Co.Wlnsltt 4 *
Tito Joe Frey 3 115 3 2n 3 5 in 2 4 J. W. Schorr J. Woods 3-2 8-5
(27*2) »!..»•• •<!. 1,. 4 II? I 34 .' n 3 3 35 111. 1-. Frank K.n.-r i • 1 1
27R2 Rnvat Flush, a.... 12" 5 4 1 4 6 •4 10 412 G. H. Mr. O'Connor 5 8
.-,<» gWMtOT Uruci\_2..lo7_4 _o 5^ 3 _ 5_ J. L. «'laytn A i"o.J. MthWK 60 . 13t)
I Tlmf-To VI. :tl: to H. :<l\; la.«t S. 1:CO%: Fhcrt *«. I:M Good *nrt. AVon all out. J>>conrt
¦ml third driving. -Winner. .1. W. O'Nenl A Co.'s b. g. by Hlg H.^nry-Florn I, n a<4|. Frank
Hell jui>t whlntled In. lla*cr<tr>n wi« about dM when the stretch turn wan made. Royal
Flush won't do lnfaiito,mpnny. 2 __!_:
JB>*4:r*. THIRD HACK— SI* furlonss; c^lllnir: three-year-old* and upward; value to first. $325.
_ . - Betting.
Index. Hor»e, "Age, Wt St. M. %. Sir. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
1759 Ordmin*. 6 108 111 12 12 IHiJ. W. Hchorr J. Woods 3 11-5
2779 Meehanua. 1 93 6 4433 24 24 Caesar Young Ransom 6-5 S-:
2782 IHch. for Srndnl. 3.. 99 3 3 2 4 1 3', 3 2 IF. W. Birkenrulhl 2 2
27«t lUernota. 3 *<• 4 & 5 42 4 5 lnurn* « Waterhse..Ranach 4 5
. Educate. 3... 971 2_ 2 2 2 H 5 6 IW. K. Cotton Hoar 10 40
Time— "-». :23%; H. :4S; K. 1:14. Oooil start. Won clearly. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. W. Hchorr'a <•'>• g. by Jim Oore or Order- Highland Lore. Winner was ready for
the government i-it. M¦> haimr. cut Hcliik-I for tVnnrial oir on far turn, coKtlnc latter at
leant four lengths. Bcrnota outfoo(cd. KdoctAa a rood "mudiier." ; _
SHOB. FOURTH RACE-Slx furlongs: Produce Ex. Stakes; 2-year-olds; value to first. $1230.
" "~ 7" Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight, St. «4- %¦ Ktr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. > Op. Cl.
• 2803) Cruzadoa 113 112 13 IB 112 E. .-Baldwin a Co..Ransm 2 5-2
(2783) Ulendennlng 110 2 25 25 22 SI J. P. Atkln Hoar 1 6-5
. (27» Redan »0 9 61 II 3i B 'i P. Oullfoyle .Vlttatoe 15 %
2778 Com. Forester IM 4 7h 73 5l 41 J. W. Schorr J. Woods 10 13
(2771) Evea i! 110 » 9 82 83 68 J. Ooffey Ransch 7 1".
2706 Waterscratch 110 111 6 1 7h •; ', O. Hummers... J. Matthews IS 1!
(277R) Halnault MO 5 819 9 7.1 K. Lanlgan......Blrkenruth 5 8
2790 El Chihuahua 10« 7 4>i 8 I 6h 86 E. J. Baldwin ACo S?e • •
. Ramese.a_... 106 3_3 1_ 4 1 J 1 _»_ O. B. Morris O'Connor _ 8 12
Time— %. :2»;*H. :47V4: V 1:13*. Good start. * Won easing up. Second and third "driving.
Winner, E. J. Baldwin it Co.'a b. c. by Kirip-rcir of Norfolk-Atlanta 11. Crusados « speed
marvel. Ulendenntng groggy chaalng him. Bl Chihuahua pocketed on backstretch. v *CoupleU
with Cruiados. H<raU-he^l--nnlrnrtta HO. Ituachura U3._Eacalantc 113. nrir , nn ' rn ' n
itiM. FIFTH RACK— I 1-16 miles; Plnkerton Handicap; 8-year-olds «nd up; to first. $400.
' - • - . ~"^ BottlnftT
Index. Horse, • Age,. Wt. St. U. H- . Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2778) Janice. 8.. ...'... ....11 l 4 2n Jh 33 1 % O. B. Morris O'Connor 3 6
2779 Brutal. 3....... 99 2 9 » -.6(4 2 2 Burllngaine 8. F..Blrknrth i 6
27Mi Articulate. .3... 98 8 4 1 i M 2 4 3n W. C. dc B. t.oper...riurl&m . 6 .1
2779 Varro, 1.... "96 3 jr 114 lh 4 2 a. W. Miller... Wat»rbur> i li) 15
2735 Bar. Frletchle. 3.. 98 7 6 2 4H 63. 6% Mrs. M. Cone Hoar 4 »-2
2774 Rosormonde, «.....102 « .'. '> Hi 72 6 4 Pueblo Stable..... WlnMette 8 10
2ft"il The Fretter, 5 107 9 82 7VJ4n 72 -F. J. O'Rourke.-MatthewK 10 13
2774 Bangor. 6 103 171 8 5 8 5 825 Burns ft Waterhse.. Ransch .a> 9->
2785 Bylvan_Lass. 5..... 98 5 8 1 619 9 _ John Kane Brod _20 __5 1
Time— l 18. cOT; 'i. :23; H. :«V4: H. 1:15; mile. I:4SH; 1 l-l«m. 1:49. ~Good start. Won easily!.
Second and third driving. .Winner, O. B. Morrrls' eh. f. by Mldlothlan-Rorette. Articulate
was best and had he not been caught by barrier would have wen. The rid- landed Janli*r>
first. Brutal bumped at first turn. He Is also a slow , beginner. Varro quit. Bangor
Miked. > Th» Fretter has been ailing. Barbara found game too warm. Scratched— Flying
Torpedo 94. ¦¦¦ ¦-¦¦' ¦- ¦¦ '"^'^" "" " •* - •-¦_'_'>_ '¦¦_-j_ ' ' ¦¦¦' "\
2ISOS. SIXTH RACE— mill; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $323.
Index. Horse, Age.%: Wt. St..' '4- , M. : , Btr. ; Fin. . . Owner and Jockey. Op. "<?!'.
'.... Nannie Nolan, 3.. .100 6 31 11 Is) 1 1 J. Burrows Hoar . .8 «
(1792) E««ence. : 4.. 109 10 (H 6 8 4 1 .1 ns Burns & Waterhse.-. Woods 4-5 1
2787 Free Lance, a... .'..111! 4h 2 1 in 33 W. H. Ketchetnan..O'Conn 4 4
2789 Dlomrd. 4 ..»..-.. 109 8 81 * M 84;45 J. O. Brown ACo Collls 3;) 3)
, (2787) Artllla. 4........ ....109 7 91 7 1.5861 C. W. Carroll.. J. T. Woods . 5 «
2777 Lodestar, a 109 l> SH «h 62 6 1 Dan O'Keer«>....Burllngame 6 -6
1217 Wing, 6....- 1 }W 4- 11 8h 73 74 C. P. Ferrell.. Vlttatoe 30, JO
2787 Einstein: 8........ ..109 171 86 . 8 3 8 •""• L. Levy ...... ....;...;. ..See 10 4)
(3703> Frank Duffy, 4. ...109 5 81 9 I,: » 10: t25 P. Sheridan & Co...Tullett 30 41
2793 8.~ F. Mason, 4....109 9*lo ¦ 10>y 10 10 .^ W. O. Matthews?. Donnelly 60 ' 100
Tlme-«4. :26H: H. :B1; X, 1:17; mlts. 1:4314. Good itart. V.on first three arlvlng.'"lv*innerV
. J. Burrows' br. f. by Kl«met-Lou C. Winner received a nice rlic. Essence bothered at
'¦ start and cut oft on baokttretoh or he would have won. Plumed will bear watching. Frank
Duffy ltd for quite a piece. Scratched— - 109, • Bonnie Ll'iak 100.
certainly knows the short way around the
Before the stake race Jaok Atkins,
owner of Olen denning, protested th«
Baldwin stable because of El Chihuahua.
missed. Carlisle kicked off again, and
after a few rushes Kreyer made a twenty
flve yard run around left end. Here the
naVy was forced to kick.
The> Indians worked hard to score again.
They brought the ball to mtdlield. where
Johnson worked a double pass and ran
being an added starter. In the past at
Oakland It has been the rule to be able
to declare forty-five minutes prior to the
race, but not to add a starter. The stew
ards ruled adversely.
Brawny Sons of Eli
Are Winners.
to the navy's five-yard line before he was
downed. The navy showed their best de
fensjvo work here, holding the Indians
for downs. Belknap kicked to Johnson
and the navy secured the ball on a fum
ble. Alter good end runs and plunges by
the navy hacks the ball was rushed to
the Indians' three-yard line, where Nich
ols was rushed over for the last score.
The goal was missed.
STRIVE WITH DESPEBATION.
Rival College Men Play an Exciting
Game at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— With a desperation
bern of long y?ars of rivalry the Chicago
Hni* Northwestern universities had a fast,
fierce battle on the gridiron to-day and
enme out with honors practically even,
although the score was Northwestern 6,
Chicago 5.
In the first half. Johnson of the purple
tore through right tackle and went 40
yards for a touchdown, following with a
goal kicked. Chicago's score was gained
In the second half, when Elbeworth kick
ed a goal from the field from Northwest
ern's 30-yard line.
HnlluMer's celebrated tandem play was
easily blocked up to the last few minutes
of play, when the withdrawal of McN'ab
and Spelk. who were replaced respectlvely
by Laird and Conrad, weakened the de
ftnse. Five thousand people viewed the
game.
CORNELL BEATS LEHIGH.
Brillinnt and Erratic Work In the
New York Game.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— With a team
mude up largely of substitutes. Cornell
defeated Lehijrh here to-day by the scora
of 30 t« 0. The contest was marked by
both brilliant and erratic work. During
the first twenty-five minutes' play Come:!
MANAGERS OF BOXERS MAY MEET
TO DISCUSS QUEENSBERRY RULES
All Parties Desire That There May Be No
Misunderstanding in the Ring.
A QUESTION has developed In the
Jeffrlcs-Ruhlln fight which will
necessitate a meeting of the prin
cipals cr their representatives to
Itttr It involves an interpreta
tion of the Marquis of Queensberry rules,
under which nil championship fights are
decided. "BU!y" Madden has strong Ideas
on these rules, as he was one of a com
mittee, of which J. B. Angle of the Na
tional Club of England was also a mem
ber, which 'interpreted" or amplllled the
original rule?.
Referee Harry Corbett has .suggested
that In view of the possible difference of
opinion as to what is meant by some of
the rules, the principals or their managers
meet and decide on their understanding
of the various points. ¦ *
This will do away with any possible
misunderstanding In the ring, which
would cause unnecessary delay.
Jeffries did his first day's work in Oak
land yesterday. Quite a large gathering
of Fporttng men watched the big fellow
punch the bag and box with his sparring
partners at the Reliance Club. They
fHH* :h--?-> -H-H-I-* MIMM H !• I t I-I--r-H- M lIIIMII M-t- I I I I- H-
I THE TREATMENT f
I THAT CURES !
• «"*"¦ v
*i- i?-./^. iX MJ5 •* To men who have nervous debility and are weak. In- •{•
-• JKl^'^tg^aaav competent, puny and bar raised on account of partial or -•-
• • |H[|^3r I s^SZ complete loss of vital power. Dr.- Meyers & Co. extend a 4*
+ IKaC ' ¦ Whelping hand. These successful specialists are noted for —
• - n&U * naklPK strong, robust and perfect men out of physical i.
•'. WSSS -J wrecks and f or checking the early symptoms of Nervous 4*
j. W^m jiWHn .'afSl ivhiiity.. J.
'•'- l(?i '<?ff «r( DI4. MEYERS & CO. have been established twenty .L
• V&* "Tl years. They treat diseases and weaknesses of . 3.
$ : men only: . . . I
•{• i&aSt&mfilß AllA 11 members of the staff are graduates from the best T
i T J^«BSbW& ; * -medical colleges In the world and had extensive experience v
' " M^ 7<583k1F > ln 3 1ta19 before taking up the Important work of the +
* >Kk>/J-P'aßaP* < " w<ia ' ''- i"* 11 " remedies and methods are the best; they 4*
'•"Ws*j^-"*^iar— c ,, , a n<j restore when others fall. ..,-.%••
. it you have an embarrasslngweaknee^ or a contracted ailment, place*- •
.' yourself In the hands of DR. MEYERS * CO. for speedy and permanent relief,
I DR. MEYERS & CO. GIVE MEN LASTING VIGOR ?
T And Cure the Following Ai.mwtt: HOME CURES—FREE BOOK. J&
X £PfCi«rDi»»OSeS Physlca Decay Thou* B d. of men a« cured at ho«. er^ry '/.
T Kioney Diseases <ervous Debility year. If you cannot visit Ban rrandsco .. '
31 liver Dis* sic; : Despotic eitcy MATION. KnnwiMlga that every m«n ikould +
+ liver Disesisco uesponcency mation. Xno-wied^ that every man sbouia :•:•
• Heart Uisoasci General Debility *>• familiar with. A thorough undenstandtng; , ••
• c«r ni » M>«<>a«n« ' - I ... .i &•--..»,.«, •' lta contenu would b« ot more value than . •{•
T »p flO UiSCtSOS Los* of Vemory words could express. It explains those thins* *:•s•
' •> i. tomaclllii»e<l»e» 1 BlooJ Poison that you have often wished you knew, an.l •{•
•' m~..,Zk/ /•».». t»i.« .1 ». «.• in lansuas* you cannot help but un<J«rstand. •i '
• ho .ncui"abiu Catas Taken at An/ Price it is free. WRnE for it. 3
1 DR. MEYERS & CO., 73l:i^S||
I ••: ¦' Hours— l to U. Ito 4: Evenints. 7to 8; Sundays. •to 11. •••:
I •ni-nH m m Illlllllllltll HHfilHI 11111 l lIIIIMII'
Tigers in Tie Game
With Cadets.
scored two touchdowns— one goal being
kicked— but In the second half there wa3
a notable improvement in the showing of
both elevens. There was less fumbllnar.
and the Ithacans settled down and earned
19 more points.
WEST POINT, N. T.. Nov. 9.— The foot
ball game here to-day between the West
Point Academy and Princeton teams re
sulted in a tie score, 9 to S. and the points
were all mad* in the first half of the
game. There were 10,000 persons tn at
tendance and they witnessed one of the
fiercest and moat exciting contests ever
played on the West Point field. Interest;
did not abate for a single Instant through
out the game.
To-day's achievement perhaps places
West Point among the leading football
teams of the country. DeWltt klcl»jd the
goal for Princeton and Daly for 'West
Point. In the second half the ball was
several times near West Point's goal line,
but the cadets succeeded In forcing it
back.
OHIO FAILS TO SCORE.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Nov. 9.— The strong
Michigan team ran up only 21 points, their
smallest score of the year, against th^
Ohio State University eleven here this
efternoon. Ohio failed to score. Three
touchdowns were made in the latter part
of the first half. Two were earned by
hard line bucking, while the third wu
the result of a 45-yard run by Hestor.
Michigan had trouble in scoring once in
the second half and the ball was in her
territory for the last fifteen minutes of
play.
EASY TBIXJMPH FOX YALE.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Nov. 9.— The Tale
University football eleven started with the
ball at their own forty-five-yard line in
the first moments of tb* game with
Orange Athletic team to-day and rushed
it for sixty yards for the first touchdown
in short order. Olcott kicked a goal. This
process was repeated in the first half un
til five touchdowns and as many goals
had been kicked.
Tn the second half a goal from the field
brought the total score: Yale 35. Orange 0.
Syracuse Defeats Columbia.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— The football
team of Syracuse University played a
splendid game against the Columbia Uni
versity eleven at the polo grounds this
afternoon and won a hard and clean
fcught battle by a score of 11 to 5. The
visitors were the lighter team. The Co
lumbia men. flushed with their recent suc
cesses, were the victims of overconfl
dence.
marveled at his speed and expressed high
opinions upon his condition. The cham
pion arose early and took a long run
toward Lake Merritt. Upon returning to
the gymnasium he was rubbed down. In
he afternoon he went through his usual
exercises. He did enough work for two
men and wits not distressed.
Billy Madden said yesterday after Ruh
lin had finished his afternoon work In tht*
gymnasium that he had never seen his
protege looking so well nor in j better
physical shape to battle for the cham
pionship of the world. From this time
forth Ous will only do such work as will
keep him in health until the night of the
right. Little or no attempt will be mad o
to take off any more flesh. Ruhlin now
weighs an even 200 pounds and at that
weight he will probably enter the ring.
' "You can say for me that I »ai (*• to
fight the battle of my life." said Kuhlln.
while his trainers were rubblr.g him
down. "Look at those muse and as*
for yourself 1 that I am as tough as 1
pine knot. If I had been in this condi
tion when I- fought Fltzsimmors there
would be a different story to tell of the
outcome."" >';sl*i*-
3940
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
•antll 11 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFIPICES— Montgomery street, ;
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
f ' . Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
$li Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open j
BJMfJ 9 d. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until * p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- i
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2:00 FlUmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHfRCn SERVICES. . '
A—CHURCH Bf K. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal corner Stelner and Union sts.-Unlon- .
st cars pass the door, high mass at 11 a. m.: :
masses of the masters arranged for St Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind instrument
accompaniment; solemn vespers of the \ lrgln |
Mary at 4 in the afternoon. Aye Maria, j
•GreVorians." "O Salutarts" and "Tantum
Erso 5 ' arranged for St. Mary the Virgin;
John Haraden Pratt. F. C. M.. director of the
choir; mats eald daily at 7:SO a.m ; vespers
daily at 5 p. m. j
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough eta
-Morning service 11 o'clock. Afternoon ser-
vice 4 o'clock. People's one-hour service 8
p. m. Music by the full choir. Sermon by
the rector. Subject "The Old and the New ¦•
All teats free. I
CENTRAL Church. Mission st . between Sixth
and Seventh. Tasters. Arthur H. Brircs and \
Herbert F. Brigs*. 11 a. m.. sermon. l-:45
D m Sunday-school; Roll* V Watt, super >
tntenoent. 8:16 p. m.. Societies of Christian \
Endeavor, topic. "Our National Bondage." ;
7 -SO 1 m concert; programme: Voluntary;
<Whitney): anthem. "And God Shall Wipe
Away All Tears " (Coombs): solo. "In the
Shadow or the Rock" (Gilbert). Miss Tooley;
quartet "My Faith Looks Up to Thee'
(Lachner-Bassford); organ voluntary. "In-
flammatue." from "stabat Mater" (Rossini):
anthem. "Tfce Souls of the Righteous
fWoodward). S p. m.. sermon. The pastors
will rreach morning and evening. Organist
and choirmaster. R.->scoe Warren Lucy. The
seats are free and the people are welcome.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Lea-
vitt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns. minister ,
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. superintend-
ent of Sunday-school: the Sunday-school is at '
10 o'clock: the morning ferv'.oe is at 11 o'clock
Hex. Mr. Leavitt will ' preach, subject
¦"Church Conventions and Pure Religion"; So-
ciety for Christian Work meets Monday after- ;
.joon; Young People's Society next Thursday
evening: all are cordially invited, there is no j
evening service. |
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth sis.; Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. minis-
ter.— Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock: the minis-
ter will preach at 11 o'clock on "The Larger,
Thought cf God." and at S:l5 o'clock on
•'Football and tee Game of Life"; free seats
and a welcome for all.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL Church, corner j
Post and Mason bib.— Rev. George C Adams, :
D. D.. pastor, will preach at both services; '
at 11 a. m topic. "The Uses of the Memory
of Sorrow": at 7:30 p. in., topic. "Marriage
and the Home"; all are cordially Invited.
RICHMOND CONGREGATIONAL Church, cor-
ner Seventh aye. and Clement et.— Pastor.
Rev. Philip Coombe; residence. 3415 Jackson
rt. ; telephone Pine 44T8; services 11 a. m. ;
sermon, theme, "What Is the Supreme Func-
tion of a Church"; 7:45 p. m. "Ancient Pha- ,
rac-V Brought Forth as Modern Preachers ' :
Su^ay-schoot 5:45 a. m. ; Christian En-
deavor Society. 6:45 p. m. : seats free; a cor-
dial Invitation to these services is given to
all who can attend them.
CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN Church, corner
California and Octavia sts.— Rev. John ;
Hen:;:!:. 11. D. D., pastor: Rev George G. Eld-
reige. associate pastor: the Rev. George B. '
Stewart, D. D.. of Auburn Theological Semi-
nary 'will preach at 11 a. m. : service at Sec-
ond-st. Mission at 7:30 p. m.: Mr. Eidredge
•will preach at 7:30 p. m. . topic, "I Go a ;
Fishing" morning Sabbath-school, 9:45; i
afternoon Sabbath-school. 12:30; Y. P. '
S. E. at €:30 p. m. : Wednesday evening
prayer-meeting. 7:30; all are cordially in-
-cited. I
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN Church, corner of i
Van Ness aye. and Sacramento — Services
at 11 a. m. and 7:3) p. m.: Sunday-school at
12:45 p. m. ; Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p.m: ¦
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie will preach both morn-
hag and evening; these services will be the '
last at which Dr. Mackenzie will preach be-
fore leaving for his new charge in New York. \
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny st. and
Grant aye. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m: subject of lesson-sermon. "Mortals and .
Immortals." Sunday-school for children at
the seme hour: Wednesday evening meeting; ,
at I o'clock; free reading rooms. 206 Kearny
St.. rooms Cos-510; all are welcome.
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST Church. 914 La- !
runa St.. between McAllister st. and Golden
• Gate aye. — Preaching this evening at 7:80 ;
. o'clock by the pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler.
subject. 'International War and World Wide
Confusion"; all are cordially Invited to at- i
tend; seats free.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason aad Ellis
et*.— Great mass meeting for men to-day at .
8 c' clock; address by Rev. E. R. Dllle. D. D. :
subject, "Ideal Manhood"; seats free to all
young men.* j
FREE public lecture tc-ntgbt at Go!£en Gate :
Lodge head^u&rters. Thecsophical Society.
Flood building. 80S Market St.— Subject "Re-
incarnation." by Swam: Afchayanar.da ; Bible •
class Sunday* U a. m. : inquirers' class •
Thursdays 2:20 p. m. ; free lending library '
open Monday. Thursday ar.d Saturday. 1 to 4
p. m., and Saturday evenings.
SPECIAL services at the kail. 17 City Hall
Square, near Market st. Gosj.el preaching ;
Sunday evening at S o'clock; open meetings
for Bible study Wednesday and Friday even-
ings at 8. All welcome: seats free
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Lecture In Odd Fel-
lows' building at i c clock to-night by Mr.
- Tfc"-naa Prime oT Birmingham. England.
•The Great Scheme of Evolution" (Illus-
trated); meetings. Sundays 11 a. m., Tues-
days t p. no., Thursdays 1:30 p. m; public ln-
rlted. -
MEETINGS— SCJTDAY.
A— DR. JOHN A. KEROAN will deliver an
Illustrated lecture to gentlemen only this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. SOS !
Market et- . those attending may procure i
tickets to the X-Ray exhibition at sanitarium !
next Tuesday evening; seats free; no collec-
tion; remember the Question box.
A— SPIRITUAL meeting, M 9 Market, rear hall;
• U. free; 2-8, 10c; Mr. Swan. Mines. Maxwell
Etoada.-'i, McKee, Mott; entertainment Mon !
day. November 11. $ p. m.; good talent,
, music, singing: dancing. ¦
. A WONDERFUL seance is what every one !
• says regarding Brockway's 25c seance: to-
clgnt he bolls a man re •where every one re-
ceives a test. 299 Hyde. st.. cor. Eddy.
I'EXTAL 6clenc«— Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sut- j
ter St.: speaker. Dr. James A. Nleld; sub- •
ject, "The Secret of Health and Happiness." !
Beau free: welcome.
SPIRITUAL test meeting. 809 Market, front !
hall; 10, free; 2:80, Mrs. Beeley, Wilson. Vig- ,
ors; • p. m.. Dr. Wheeler. Hargrave, Wil- I
son; 10c.
C V. Miller, world's famous materializing me- '<
Clam: spirits speak face to face; seance Toe., <
Ft.. 80.. I p. m.. Me. 1064 Bush; p. Larkln 2275.
TEST meeting, £:12 to-night; tests to all; free '
lecture, 2:30 p. m., "The Horrors of Spiritual- I
ism." Harmach'jc. 332 O'Farrell.
CALIFORNIA Sunflower League will hold ba. ;
saar, November 28, K. SO, Occidental HalL
tot Larkln st. * j
EAF.LE'B slatewrlUng seance, 828 Bills st. ;
3 p. m.
MRS. ©OLBY resumed Tuesday eve. circles ;
sit dally. ItHIH Valencia; phone Church 680.
ME. YOUNG'S demonstration spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics. '
V. O. KEEGAN holds a spiritual meeting every I
night «x. Saturday: admission Vie. 148 Sixth. '
Sirs, GILLINGHAM'B spiritual ten meet i !
p. m.; 10c. 205 Larkln; hr«. 1-6; ph. Howrd 745.
PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth et. ; circle to-night 10c •
; startling tests; full names & communications!
MRS. BTODDARD'S convincing test to all-
circles 10c: Sun.. Tuts.; reading dally. 278 Kh.'
PROG. Spirit.. Occld. Hall, 816 Larkln; Nov 18
: 7:30 p. m.; Mrs. R. .- Llllle. speaker; free!
KHS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance. Sunday evening. 205 Taylor nt: Vtc.
'NOW" lecture; Od<i Fellows' bldg.- Sunday 8
p. m ; Henry H. Brown: music; seats free.
MRS. EBERHARDT, test meeting to-nlrht.
250 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia; 10c
MRS. COLBY, 1041% Valencia; sittings dally
circles Tuesday evening. •
MEETlNGS— Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and unsectarian), 310 O'Farrell at —
Meeting to-night: subject. "The Present, the
Reincarnation of the Past"; musical selec-
tions; all Invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice is hereby given
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Ban Francisco Home Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office
of the corporation. 61* Montgomery St., San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November IS.
1901. at I'M o'clock p. in., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre-
sentation of the eleventh annual report and
the transaction of such other business as may
com*- before the meeting. Books are now open
for subscription to ICOO shares of stock of the
twelfth series. By order of the Board of Di«
rectors. a. EBAItBOBO, Secretary.
ACENTS_WABfTED :
AGENTS— A grand opportunity to make money,
selling our new pocket Atlas of the World:
contains over 400 pages; including maps of
every State in the Union and every foreign
country: over 100 pages of valuable descriptive
matter and the new census, giving the popu-
lation of every Incorporated city, town and
I village and every county In the United States;
! send Ssc for sample copy and terms to agents. 1
RAND. McNALLY ft CO.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— for "Life of McKlniey."
by Murat Halstead; "Theodore Roosevelt—
the Typical American," and a fine line of holi-
day books. Do you want to make money?
Give us a call. Special Inducements for per- |
manent work. THE WHITAKER & RAY !
CO.. 723 Market St.. S. F. '
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo-
dore Roosevelt"; thrilling Illustrated bio-
graphy of our youngest President; complete
outfit mailed en receipts of Sf>c In stamps; be
first in the field. B. C. MILLER & CO.. Port-
land, Oregon.
! AGENTS wanted— Best "Life of McKlniey"
' and Christmas books; 75 per cent discount; j
outfit tree; freight paid; credit given; valu- |
able premium; our agents get $200 In gold for j
Christmas. HENRY NEIL. 323 Dearborn St.. '
Chicago. 11l
"LIFE of McKlniey"; complete books now I
: ready; can fill orders for book written by I
Marshall Everett or Murat Halstead: best cdi- '
tions published; outfit free. S. C. MILLER
I ft CO.. Portland. Or J
85 TO $10 per day easily made selling our eel- I
ebrated perfection flavoring powders; no alco- j
hol; no adulteration; pure, frech and strong; j
agents wanted In every locality. LONG j
BROS., manufacturers, 3955 Howe st , Oak- i
land. Cal. i
A MERCANTILE agency wants reliable men 1
to sell memberships. The Retail Credit and '
Col lection Association, box 675. N. Boulder, '
Colo.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lns«ur- !
ance? Ad F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg. !
SALESMAN for territory: take interest in j
close corporation. Write 17!S Eagle aye.. Ala-
meds.
TWO men to do some advertising work. Call
MR Market St.. room 1. >
ASSESSMENT .NOTICES.
THE delinquent assessment list of the Stanley {
Aerial Navigation Company will be published j
In the Journal of Commerce daily from now ]
on until the day of sale (December 2d). H.
BRUCKMANN. Secretary. I
j ASPHALTI'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER. asphal« roofing sidewalks re- !
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- I
lections, attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; 1
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open I
eve's. THURSTON, lOCS'., Mkt., r. 4, opp. 6th. ]
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick; j
quiet, no charge without success; collections, ,
wills deeds etc., prepared: charge low; estb. 1
16 years. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. j
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor. 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees In advance. :
BICYCLE!*— Sale or Exchange. I
GOOD second-hknd bicycles for sale. $5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
309 Larkln tt.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for small child with motherly
care: two in family. Call or address S3l Thir- j
ty-fourth st.. Oakland. j
A widow would like 2 small children to board:
terms $8 to $10. 25 John tt.. off Powell.
MOTHER'S care- and good home for two or I
three children; low terms. ISO 7 California st
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 356. ;
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7Cg-70S Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
: .—.~^~ , .^v.^..^>w— ...-..^¦..¦.— .— -- <•-¦ -%».»^w~<
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock •
prices. Factory and salesroom. 626 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
1 WE have bargains In all kinds of business, see
; us flrvt 927 Market St.. room 208.
j A— s6soo; OIL route; good money maker; beais •
¦ Investigation. Apply 927 Market St.. room 20S. [
i A— 8200; PARTNERSHIP; good money-maker
I for a hastier; we have others up to $2000 927 j
Market st . room 208. !
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION'
Do you want to sell your business or do y«u
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity: money ad- '
vanced. • WILLIAMS. VIERECK ft CO
Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market St., cor. Mason.
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business with ,
me. I guarantee to sell. 921 Market. . |
NOTION store $300 and up; cigar stands for
rent. $10, Third st. ; grocery and bars gro- i
ery stores, falcons, bar and rooming-house
and lodging-houses. DECKER. 921 Market st. ;
DRUG store for sale; Spanish cedar fixtures, !
shelf bottles, showcase, scales, clock and i
chow bottles; cost over $3000: 'can be bought 1
cheap. Apply at DAVIE ft BONNELL CO.. '
$11 Broadway. Oakland. I
A FIRST-CLASS milk route, stock, vehicles. i
etc., easily worth $10,000. but offered for $6000. i
N. D EICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der snap MITCHELL ft CO.. 1208 Market.
HONEST speculation; make your money earn i
steady income; $25 upward Invested with us
will earn 30 per cent to 40 per cent monthly,
payable every 15 days: send for new book. '
"Successful Systematic Speculation." mailed !
free; tells how to operate on grain market [
without loss: highest commercial, financial
and successful customer references. FRED- ;
ERICK E. PARKER, broker. 155 La Halle St..
Chicago, IIL "
, A GOOD Investment for large or small amounts.
$00 upward; Immediate profits; payable week- ;
ly: no speculation or gamble, but from legit •
imate business: bankers, merchants, profes- :
sional men and all persons interested In
money-making with small capital are joining
us; flrrt-clasg references. For particulars ad- ;
dress B. J. ARNOLD * CO.. Ninth and Pine I
sts . St. Louis. Mo. j
ADVERTISER «lrsir<>« conference with lady
or gentleman of Integrity who can command ,
' tiVa cash for temporary use In a strictly >
legitimate bunln«>*s transaction In which the •
money will positively be doubled within thirty 1
days; no ponslbie chance for loss. Address I
box I>7». Call office. 1
'¦¦ A PREVIOUS Vienna coffeehouse proprietor de- i
- sires a partner or position as manager for I
similar business in a first-class, genuine VI-
: enna style for Fan Francisco, either In con-
Junction with restaurant of sufficient room, or
I otherwise. Address box 896. Call office.
A— CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands.
I now have over 30 of the best money-making \
stands In the city: prices from $100 to $1200; j
before buying It will certainly pay you to call :
on C. L. HEDGES. 461 and 463 Parrott bldg.
1 CAPABLE and energetic young business man.
with some means would like to meet an Al
operator to establish photo gallery; employ-
• ment optional- or will buy interest in estab-
lished place. Box 1787. Call office.
FOR Sale— Complete photo outfit; eVixStt Zelss
Anlstlgmat. double lens; Bausch ft Lamb
shutter; Premo Br. special box: complete out-
fit 860. Apply 2541 Folsnm st.. between Twen-
ty-first and Twenty-second.
1 MANUFACTURING business having a home
: and foreign market for Its product require*.-!
I additional capital; profits large: a monopoly:
particulars given only at Interview. Address j
_ box li'J-. Call office. ]
A TRIAL order will convince you that our In-
vestment plan Is a sure winner For particu-
lars address AL FETSSKR ft CO., coast
agency. LOB St. Anne bldg.. San Francisco.
BIG money in copper mining; come In on tho
ground floor; want more money to work 600
acres copper land. Box 1975, Call office
BARBERS— An elegantly furnlßhed three-chair
chop, centrally located, will be sold for half
furniture value; three living rooms. Box
1501. Call office.
A— VERT profitable restaurant near foot Mar-
ket st.; will be sold at a ridiculously low
figure. Ask HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
1500 WILL buy Interest In old established
manufacturing business with position at $35
per week. Address box 1630, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in good paying busi-
ness; satisfied with 316 or 318 a week; call
and investigate. Room 14. 825 Market st.
WANTED— Partner, lady or gentleman, with a
few hundred dollars and services In a well-
paying business. Box 1791, Call office.
LIQUOR store and saloon: best location south
of Market st. ; bargain If sold Immediately.
Box 1892. Call office. ¦
FOR Sale— Delivery and express business:
downtown houses: two single teams; bargain.
Box 1898. Call office.
JISW-OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; good bar trade; fine location. Apply 800
_Hayes st. .
GROCERY and bar: 8 living rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 938 Market St.. room 14.
FOR sale— Hog ranch; on account of other busi-
sees. Call t$K Mission at., opp. Ocean View.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
BUSINESS I CHANCES-— Continned.
$800— A GOOD restaurant and 20 rooms, fully
furnished and In running order; right at
railroad station In Oakland; rent reasonable;
owner must go East to settle an estate,
GEO. W. AUSTIN ft CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— A FINE wood. coal, hay and grain busi-
ness that must be sold: on main street; will
Inventory about $3800; owner has good reason
for selling; investigate right away.
GEO. W. AUSTIN ft CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
btock should procure them Immediately as
there are only a limited number of them for
gale; these shares are appreciated because
they have value behind them: they will earn
for you SO to it per cent Call or write for
full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY ft TRUST CO..
Fiscal Agents.
828 Montgomery st
$650 OR more Invested immediately will secure
an Interest in new invention fully as valuable
as the telegraph, telephone or electric light,
and will furnish immediate and permanent
employment exhibiting same In office eight
hours dally at $2 SO per day cash, and also a
commission of 10 per cent on all sales; money
is needed to secure foreign patents at once
and this Is an unparalleled opportunity; many
fortunes have been made out of inventions
not one-hundredth part as valuable as this,
which is without doubt the greatest scientific
discovery of the twentieth century; satlsry
yourself by thorough investigation before In-
vesting a penny; Invention will be on exhibi-
tion from 9a. m. to 3 p. m. Call or write In-
ventor, room S, 10754 Market st
A
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bdg.
Delicatessen: In nice neighborhood $350
Candy store on Ellis st 360
Cigar store; n. of Market; rent $25 375
Butcher shop; sales average $100 a day.
Home bakery; dally sales $20;_rent $25.... 700
$300— PARTNER In saloon; will clear $100 a
month to each. STKAND ft CO.. 209 Kearny.
$376— RESTAURANT; Market st. ; receipts $80
day; a rare chance. STRAND ft CO.. 209
Kearny st.
BCOO— PARTNER; commission business; clears
$75 month to each. STRAND ft C 0. ,209 Kearny.
AN eclectic graduate, conversant with allo-
pathy, homeopathy and suggestion, wants
lady or gent partner and assistant, having
means, to open office under his new methods;
excellent Income assured; references ex-
changed at personal Interview and full par-
ticulars given. Address DR. BEE, 1206 Mar-
ket st.
$2000— SALOON on Market at; receipts $30 per
day; full Investigation solicited; agents need
not apply. Box 1520, Call office.
REAL estate business: best location Oakland;
sacrifice; owners leaving city. Call before
Tuesday at 911 Broadway.
$1500— PARTNER wanted In good country hotel,
established 20 years. Owner, box 1889. Call.
FOR Sale— Saloon, with 8 furnished rooms up-
stairs; half block from ferry. 45 Sacramento.
PARTNER to open oyster and chop house with
$75; no fakers. Box 1R96. Call office.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 Market St., room 14.
WANTED-$5OOO for one year; security $50,0».
Box ISIO. Call office. ,
$5000 WILL secure an Interest In a money-
making business that will bear a thorough
investigation; If Investor possesses necessary
qualifications can have position In firm at
$3'A>o per year salary. Box 1946. Call office.
BRIGHT business man to Invest $400 and serv-
ices; money secured; must be good corre-
spondent and office man; references given and
required. Box ISCB. Call office.
PUBLIC FORM TURF ADVISORY CO.
Commissions placed at track; best obtainable
odds: Instructions carefully followed; accounts
opene.l; dally settlements; responsibility
guaranteed; call; write; hours 11 to 1, 7 to 8.
Room 105. 6 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
BANK SHARES.
Just a few more Investors with $100 or more.
Bank Is the only one In a lively interior town.
now doing a business of over $3.000,0C0 annually.
A most profitable and safe Investment.
Highest local bank references.
Full particulars obtainable by addressing
box 1649. Call office.
WANTED— Men, $3 per day by advancing $500
each, with HO per cent) Interest on money,
with good security; long Job. 2825 V, Mission
st; hours 7-10 a. m., 7-9 p. m. ; owner.
WORKING partner with small capital In es-
tablished legitimate manufacturing business;
good salary: light work; very profitable. Box
1989. CalK
NOTICE to furniture dealers — A first-class
dentist wishes to exchange dental work for
furniture. Address box 1517, Call office.
nra business opportunity; a rare chance to
purchase a good-paying business; fine loca-
•j-m; good reasons for selling. Call 867
Twelfth st, Oakland.
840O— ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale;
good business of 20 years' standing. App.y
1501 Folsom st. ; easy terms.
RESTAURANT for sale: $1000: cleared $1500
past year: $£00 cash; balance monthly. In- j
quire of JOHN VAN ARSDALE, 438 Sixth st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and :
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery: on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2*loo Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sub-«crtptl<>ns has been established at 1096 !
Valencia st. i
-LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
*204-S ROOMS and bath In Western Addition. ¦
Apply H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. .
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIBT\
8 rooms: on Mission $275
I rooms: fine corner 32S j
24 rooms: the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500 I
40 rooms; boarding 4Er<o
17 rooms; tine corner 1350 !
. GO rooms: apartment house 4200
"•-room flat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms: fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on CJeary at 1900
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
100 rooms: clears $3uO; payments to suit. 6000
8 rooms; flat, near City Hall 850
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150.. 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 room*, offices: clears $250 3500
21 room sT $800 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS KKEE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H C. DECKER. 103) Market: tel. Mint 796.
Near the Call Building
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market street.
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3.
40 r. ; downtown; clears $160 month $^000
29 r.; 3 blocks of Market; clears $120 mo.. 1400
12 r.S nice cor.; sunny; nr. City Hall 680
1 17 r.; rent $40; free water; a snap 260
' 88 r. ; on Market st.: rent $50; clears $81.. 1400
79 r. : big business N. Market; rent $210.. 3600
I 14 r; clean; respectable; near corner of
Ellis tt Larkln; rent only $50; clears $76 1050
100 r. : hotel tn city; clears $500 a month.-... SKXM
8 r. ; on Market; rent $60; sunny house.. 1000
1 r. ; rent $30; central; see this house 460
50 r. ; hotel; ton ton: clears $3000 yearly 6000
I 66 r. ; apartments, big dining-room not used;
new carpets; rent $176; clears $180 mo.. 4000
20 r. ; new carpets; rent 853; a clear profit
of $41 a month; 2 nice bath aaoma 700
40 r. ; fine: full of steady roomers 4000
A, CAMERON ft CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Btocktoa st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
See our list of bargains.
U r. ; rent $65; good house and loo.; only. sllol
24 r. ; Otary; fine Income 1900
18 r. ; rent $56; clears $60; good loc 800
15 r. ; rent $fio; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r. ; rent W-. Post; good house; pays well.
12 r. ; well fur.; fine location; Post «t 800
9 r. : rent life; go;>d houite: Sutter 800
7 r. ; rent %'¦'.:,; new fur.: 12 outside brdere 500
6 r. ; rent W>. ISildy st 2uii
¦ THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
M rooms: good Income $2,600
it rooms; good transient location IJSOO
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
6 rooms; nne furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain uo
13 rooms; eood: new; clean 1,500
"6 roomn; fine condition; all rented 1 600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2500
21 r<K>rnn; welt furn.; good Income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,600
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets (00
WINSTON ft WOLF
1026 MARKET STREET,
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE..
I rooms, rent $3ft, near Butter st $250
17 rooms, rent $50, part cash 1000
21 rooms, rent $46, reduced to 850
i rooms, rent $40, clears $86 ,'.. 1200
41 rooms, modern, $185, clear prof monthly 3500
L 0 rooms, good corner, rent $95 2000
¦ ¦¦¦MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE....
McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market sT
Borne Bargains for To-day:
100-room house , $1400
16-room house « joo
12-room house goO
10- room house 700
14-room boarding-house 1100
Great bargains In restaurants, saloons, baker-
ies, candy, cigar stores, etc.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis st; rent 832 60; 0n1y. .8300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 726
12 rooms; Market St.; rent $40; good house HO
Many more bargains ; get our list first.
MITCHELL ft CO.. 1206 Market at
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all slses
and prices. In all parts of tbe city; get our
list first. MITCHELL ft CO.. 1308 Market st
FINE rooming-house of 16 rooms; all full; good
location; newly furnished. Call at 938 Market
ai., room 14
lodging houses for sale— con.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms: well furnished »JOO
18 rooms on Ellis; a bargain 1500
17 rooms; $260 can remain; clears $85 600
38 rooms; grand transient location 2300
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.... 400
9 rooms; grand corner; clears $COO 6950
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
• CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1600
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 760
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RET3LOFF. 906 Market st.
M. & RIVES, 916 Market; Phone Main 128.
13 rooms; housekeeping; rent 860 $650
18 rooms; bay windows; all sunny 1250
28 rooms: central; cheap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good Income 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 191 L 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
$600— BOARDING-HOUSE; range 3100; every-
thing new; cost $760; a bargain. DECKER.
921 Market St.
$1800— PAYING lodging-house. 30 rooms. In new
brick building; fine furniture, old age reason
for selling. Address R-. box 114. Call office,
A— WE have a large list of lodging-houses at
all prices; see us, we can suit you. 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 208. .
PAYING IS- room bay-window modern house;
make offer; 8. Market. Box 1502. Call office.
A BARGAIN— B-room corner flat, all new and
rented; price $250. 1203 Mission st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
SUTTER St., east ot Mason St.— House of 94
rooms; all modern plumblna:; long lease at
J.''"o a month for desirable tenant with new
furniture. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20
Montgomery at.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DrT^ARNHAM. "spiritual "medium
ad life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
BROCK WAY' B psychic seance. Sunday. Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. • 35c; readings dally.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st.-Readlnjrs, 60c
and $1: circle every night except Wed., 10c.
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody yet a test. 732 Eddy; no sign.
FULL form materializing seance; Sun., Wed.
and Friday at 8 p. m. ; admission 60c. 136 6th.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Ooak: circle Sun., Tues..
Frl.. 7:30; Wed., ladles. 2:30; read, dally, 60c.
ARNOLD DICKSON. tells everything; We. $1;
full materialization Thurs., Eun.eve. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 6; seance 6un. and Thurs.
Mrs. Lester. 148 6th. r. 12— Medium, palmist and
magnetic healer ;read'gs dally :tel. Howard 1139.
FBIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 100.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PERMANENTLY LOCATED
IN HIS OWN HOME.
417 *SLLIS ST.
WESLEY ORMAI<
PSYCHIC. TRANCE AND CLAIRVOYANT
MEDIUM.
HE WILL TELL YOU WHAT YOU CALLED
FOR— ANYTHING YOU WANT TO KNOW.
So strange Is the work of "Oman" that,
without a word, without a question, he tells
you what you came for. Just what you want
to know. He gives names, dates, facts and
locations In the vast problems of life: correct
Information about all affairs, love, courtship,
marriage, divorce, sales, wills, property, old
estates, speculation, diseases, pensions, pat-
eats. Investments, etc.. In all their varied
and multifarious details. He recognizes none
as his su[>erior who by any means advises I
and foretells events arising through cause
and effect. His remarkable psychic power
has won for him a reputation that has been
accorded to but few.
BEWARE
Of pretenders and partially developed med-
iums. They copy his advertisements and In
many smaller cities use his name. They even
use his photograph attached to their adver-
tisements.
Please remember that WESLEY OP.MAN
can be seen only st his SAN FRANCISCO
office.
HOURS— M a. m. to 7:30 p. m- Sundays
10 a. tn. to 2 p. m.
WESLEY ORMAN.
417 ELLIS STREET.
A— ISMAR, THE OYPBY.
Ismar. tbe Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
unoertain years ahead: happiness and success '
go hand tn hand, yet hundreds fall where sue- j
cess Is possible, ware It not for the lack of fore- j
sight into the future; If you are In trouble of j
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult Ismar. for she Is a prophetess j
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb In thousands of homes made happy
by her aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
sulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.. Sundays
from 10 to 13 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market
st.. opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of Inquir-
ies from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally j
as satisfactory as In person: readings by mall
$3; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
ME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently <
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. Sh« >
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- !
scrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap- \
penlngs and portrays events to occur In the fu- •
lure. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. '
love or business troubles, consult this great '
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; :
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black ASts.
ATTENTION!
A— Do you want to see
A clairvoyant who hits the natl square on the
head and tells you everything you want to
know? Then visit MRS. DR. SAYLOR. the i
Egyptian gypsy, the greatext clairvoyant, me-
dium and palmist on this coast; ladles 2&c up; 1
gents 50c; mall $1. Permanently 1:114 Mar- '
ket nt.. opp. Van Ness aye. Send stamp lor j
circular; cut this out. It appears Sundays only.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM. '
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change In business? Are you 111, depressed
sr uncertain? Why not seek the fullest ,
knowledge that will help you to succeed? .
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOK 3,
1206 Market, rms. 34 and 88, cor. Golden Oate.
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
Tbs most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast: j
he succeeds .vhen others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
ME. AI-.NIj T, the great clairvoyant, tells pa«t,
future, never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee SSc and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 2154 Sixth »t.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARICE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permsnently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate aye.. rooms 25 and
16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
— — — — —
I DAOMAR, the Egyptian, draws aside uncertain
[ years; tf you are In trouble, unhappy or not
satisfied consult Dagmar, the wonder; she will
put you on the right path. 1035 Market, r. 14.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 t>. m. Sundays from 10 to 13 a. m.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $1 60. 126 Turk.
PRINCESS IBHMAEL. wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar from Howah. 10084 Market
ft , seconil floor; hours. 10 «. m. to 9 \>. m.
I Mis* M. Wlllc. 326 A Ellis, greatest of nil crys-
tai seers; reaux your life correctly; full names
given: fitting*, 60c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
ME. HANSKN. card reader and palmist;
tells past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth
st . room 14.
ME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 260.
gents r>Oc. 951 Mission, nr*. 6th; open Sundays.
PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 10074 Market, near 6th.
[ MHS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
GYPSY MESMAR. clairvoyant— Tells every-
thlng; sure tips on races. 1153 Mission st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana*
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 182 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1681
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 26c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: J6c up. 6 Fourth at
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladlu
28c; gents 60e; readings dally. 182 Sixth at.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard St., clairvoyant
and spirit card reader; consult me.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerloa— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Statea or Canada ons year for 9L
_Ppstage paid.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless ewe.
DR. PTJNCAN. 8W sT-earny st. room 887.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. B. l&nor. « Eddy it, room 106.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
~-.n-.n.i-i-i-.-.ri.nn.ri.-.n.^_-i.-i.r.-r.-.A-u-.-ij-^n.,-.,- > r-<.ru- l j-i.-ij-i.-uTjru-ijT.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Ing Works. 853-357 Tehama St. : tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
' cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN. Carpet-beatln* Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st; 1
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
3 Golden Gate aye. : telephone East 126. .
CITY ' Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS. Mrr.. 88-40 Bth at.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
C^*y^ E _£ T J!*? N OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. . Room 310. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85, 918 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211. -
• • COUNTRY BOARDING.
BOARD In country home; healthful climate; no
fogs; 318 per mo. A. 8.. Redwood City. Cal.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage. 6 rooms and bath. 11l
De Lori; aye., Aslibury Heights.
NEW modern cottage 6 rooms; bath, large
yard, basement 269 Hartford St.; no sign.
NEAT new 6 rooms and bath: bay window cot-
tage; nice location. 1229 Cortland aye.; $10.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. H IGG IN sTftSr Market st.7~Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, 81; Kold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
.plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth. without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. 13 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, P.P. S., manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, 33 60; fillings
60c; plates, 15. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. Bth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, 14; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 8 Eddy Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 81F>\ Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction &oc;plates 85 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. O. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
T,F. VAN 314 I.yavenwnrth st
' POO HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL C. P. dor soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 810 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. i
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor 4 Moffatt. !
¦ =1
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construe- t
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., 6. F. ;
catalogue free. .
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
IS per month: 850 life scholarship guarantees a j
complete business education, shorthand, typ- ;
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship. '
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free. :
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST., ;
8. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship 860; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory I
school for the university, law and medical col- :
leges; references, . President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ,
Accompanying as an art taught in 20 lessons •
Lami>ertt voice building a specialty. Mrs. :
Caterings, late of Europe and N. V.. 167$ 1
Washington st. J
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough i
modern methods: positions for all graduates: I
! new 60-page catalogue free 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER - College- Shorthand, typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction: catalogue. ;
ENGINEERING— CiviI, e!ec.. minlnj.mech.sur- .
. vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve , est. 1564. Van '
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. ]
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building. :
DANCING— and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville stage at IRVINE'S, A2\ Post st. ;
! A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
! Gregg shorthand costs only $80. San Fran-
• cisco Business College, 1238 Market st.
FIGURES— Nothing like It for rapidity: 85.
! TARR, 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
i VOICE culture: method of Lampertl; for con-
cert, opera. E. George, 8. F. dr.. £06 Ellis.
i MARY P. WESTHAUS. plane. mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
I specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 OTarrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, 16 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 126 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTON' B DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'B Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. «th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleanlngT also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochlts, 783 Halght; tel. Fell 6041;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 3711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI A CO.. 411 Post St.; tel. Bush 138.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. tel. East 426. "
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1001.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
. reliable help. £24 Bush St.: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel.l3lack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5133.
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook, with 6 years' references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
84 Sutter at. ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires situation In
private family; $38 to $30 per month; former
occupation, dressmaker. Apply 8002 Calltor-
nla St., tel. Baker 749. ..-.¦. ¦ ,
MIDDLE-AGED German I widow, without In-
cumbrancea, wishes position as housekeeper:
good home, more than wages; country. 243
Howard it. -¦;,. j ..-,¦..¦ ¦- .. -¦,¦,.-..:¦ . . .-. ..•
CHAMBER WORK wanted by a young lady.
1687 Mission at. , .- ¦ -."
TOUNO lady would like position to help dress-
maker; small wages to start. Box 17H, Call.
WAN~TBD— By refined widow with" little girl.
. position at second work In waiting: no objec-
tion to country. Address 1064*, Twenty-sixth
aye. East, Oakland. : ; .- .
DRESSMAKER from* New York wants en-
gagements In families: tallormade and beau-
: tlful gowns. 823 Butter st, lower flat
AN experienced cutter on shirt-waists ac-
, customed to wholesale trade desires a posl-
. (ion. Address box 1888, < Call office. , ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day washing, Iron-
&(.*.?£ i! 011 80 11111 *' 81 and carfare. MRS.
SIEBOLD. 870 Folsom St.. top floor, first door
: right hand side, ¦.- •:*<¦¦¦¦•¦.¦¦:. ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦-, ~> ¦. ;>. • - < ; ¦«.*
POSITION wanted as managing housekeeper In
refined. family city; references. Address for
I on* week to Housekeeper, 3144 Twenty-flm at.
'•I--- '¦•\'] ! - ¦'•¦¦:¦ b/'ir ¦",:¦< ::=: := '..•^'"^¦¦¦'•' t -\.:.-' '¦'¦'¦'• ' ¦ :,¦¦; ,'i"
EMPLOYMCWT WAIfTEP~-FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation for gen-
eral housework. 1814 Scott st. In rear.
REFINED German woman wants situation as
lady's maid or second work: fond of chil-
dren; sewing. Address I*. Call branch, 106
Eleventh st. ' '
COMPETENT woman: cooking or housework;
wages $25. Address 823 Linden st. Oaklnad.
REFINED young lady wishes a place In Oak-
land as companion to young woman; will
assist with light housework and sewing or
fancy work. Address 756 Seventh st. Oakland.
A LADY of middle age. a trained nurse, desires
situation in first-class family to care for In-
- fant or young children; unexceptional refer-
. ences; no objection to leaving the city. Ad-
dress Box 1602 Call office. •
FIRST-CLASS lady stenographer and type-
writer, ten years' experience, wishes posi-
tion: best Eastern references: no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady desires a situation as
housekeeper In private family or Institution;
many years' experience In the East; do not
object to leaving the city. Address box 1801
Call office.
GERMAN woman wants position as cook;
wages $25 to $35; country preferred. 335 Sixth
St.. Inquire in the shop.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
wishes position, most typing; has new Smith
Premier No. 2 machine. FLORA C. HANSEN.
2131 O'Farrell st. ¦
REFINED, respectable woman desires to care
for Invalid or sick room; can give good refer-
ences. Address P. O. box 116. Vallejo. Cal.
JAPANESE young girl, good experience, to do
cooking and housework. Please call at 333
Eddy st. ¦ ¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 SO per night; $1 60 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor'e st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094!
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
EXPERIENCED American, rood references,
wants country place to care for during own-
er's absence: accustomed to orchard, horses,
plain gardening, etc. moderate wages. Box
1971, Call.
, EMPLOYMENT wanted by middle-aged man,
honest, sober, willing, as porter. Janitor or
any other kind of work. ' Address box 1802,
Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position at office work;
Is good at figures. Address 1648 Russ st
COMPETENT male stenographer wants posi-
tion In country. Box 1795, Call.
WANTED— Position as packer. CHARLES
EVANS. 30 Golden Gate aye.
ATTENDANT nurse and masseur for private
party, hospital or sanitarium: sober, relia-
ble and willing; best references; no objectlocr
to traveling. Address Nurse, box 1798. Call.
STENOGRAPHIC position by young man, ex-
perienced; best of references; good character;
only moderate salary to start. Box 1790. Call.
CARPENTER, first class, good millwright
wants steady employment with some com-
pany. Address 517 Turk st.
A GOOD gardener wishes a good situation;
flowers, landscape, greenhouse, propagation;
city or country. Address Gardener. 161 Lin-
den aye.. S. F.
STRICTLY sober man, 2a. speaks and writes
English, wishes position as attendant to in-
valid, driving delivery wagon, soliciting, .or
anything: Al city references. Box 1382. Call.
WANTED— A position by a good all-around
man. handy In kitchen or chamber, and_wlth
tools. Box 1993. Call office. *
A YOUNG man. 23. strong, sober, German,
would like to learn the plumbers' trade with
a good contractor. A. 8., box ISM. Call.
WANTED— By sober. Industrious and reliable
man. a position as clerk In grocery store in
i Oakland or San Francisco; no experience;
i small wages to begin; references. Address
A. 8.. 564 Thirty-fifth st. Oakland.
YOUNG men desires employment: office, ship-
ping, freight clerk, wrapper or anything that
will honestly help him to support a mother
and sisters. Box 1733 Call office.
GENTLEMAN, good appearance, wishes any
kind of steady evening or Sunday employ-
ment or during holidays; best references.
Box 1891, Call office.
I POSITION in grocery store, experienced, by
! clerk. Address box 1886. Call office.,
GARDENER, first class, competent and re-
liable wishes situation. Please address box
1972. Call office. '
COMPETENT engineer, marine license, wishes !
employment In city: can handle anything In
the line. Address box 1883. Call office.
CARPENTER, a good mechanic, wishes a
steady position with real estate firm, corpora- '
tion, factory or private party by the week
i or month; can give Al reference. Box 1967.
I Call office.
WANTED— Position as ranch foreman by young
man (single): experienced in all kinds agri- '
I cultural work- good references. Address 8. F.
! Call agency. San Jose. Cal.
. YOUNG man wants position private place or
i ranch: plain gardener; handy with tools;
i good driver; can milk; references given. Ad-
I dress L. M.. box 1603. Call office. =
i GERMAN married man wants to get a place
1 as Janitor in city or country: can give the
best of California references. Winchester
Hotel, room 611.
i WANTED— Position by stationary or donkey
engineer; city or country; references. Box
1504. Call office.
i COACHMAN, single, reference well-known
families, seeks engagement with good pay;
stats particulars. Advertiser. 1123 Sutter st.
' SOBER, Industrious young man wants work of j
¦ any kind. Box 1804. Call office.
i SITUATION wanted by a sober man to take '
! care of horses or do some light work around
the place; good man with horses; can give
1 recommendation. Box 2099, Call office.
RELIABLE and experienced young man
wishes a position as salesman with reputable
concern; references from last employer. Box
1638. Call office.
: YOUNG man desires a position In some art de-
partment; can Dalnt and draw; speaks four
languages and Is a good penman. Address F.
V.. 239 Haven St.. Oakland.
I WANTED— by competent bookkeeper
! and stenographer; best of references. Box
.1613. Call office. .
: SORER cook wants a situation In the country.
I 1301 Santa Clara aye.. Alameda.
WANTED— Position by an engineer; stationary
¦ or locomotive. Box 2098. Call office.
YOUNG married man, sober and Industrious,
with several years' experience, wants situa-
tion In wholesale liquor house as cellar man;
good all-round man; good references. Address
E. M.. «73 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED man wants a Job as night or
day watchman: the best references: give also
1 bonds If necessary. Address L. 7., M 7 Sixth.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school
boy. M. SAWA. 1010 Pine st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cell branch office. 3200 FUlmore st.
EXCHANGE.
A GOOD country hotel; leased 8 years at $800 a
year; mortgage $3500, at 9 per cent; - price
$8500: equity to exchange for bay property.
6CHWEINHARP. 917 Market st. op. Mason.
EQUITY In two-story house, value $1500. for
stock millinery. Box 1957. Call. -
FINANCIAL. ~~~
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)—
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Industrial . propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING I
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 388 Poet st.
FLATS TO LET. "
$379— FOR sale cheap— New furniture of a 7-
room flat; the flat for rent at bargain. 771
Bills at ¦ ¦ ¦
FLAT to let 5 rooms. 714 Harrison st., be-
tween Third and Fourth. ¦ .
FULTON 1457— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable.-. . ¦ . -j - ¦
MISSION. 8721H— Modem flat 6 rooms, large
basement and yard; rent reasonable. -
O'FARRELU 1933— Modern flat < rooms, bath
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant
SUNNY corner lower fiat. 7 rooms, bath desir-
able; rent $33 60. with water. 1800 OTarrell.
$B— SUNNY flat 3 rooms. 1838 Jessie st. off
Hermann. ' near Valencia and Market
NEWLY papered flat: 4 rooms,- bath: gas.
yard. 16 Wlldey. nr. Pine and Flllmore; $1?)
BTEINER and Green Modern fiat- $23 60
to $30. ¦V • ¦¦ (¦¦¦ • ¦• , , .. . . ,
UPPKH fiat, ¦ unfurnished, - light housekeeping.
1001 California st. . . . . ™. j
CHEAPEST and test in America— The Weekly
S* 1 - 1 : -." oF*f ei> Mn 4 t0 * ny •<"»¦«•• to the
United SUtea or Canada fine year for 11. i
'•.:¦'¦ ¦' : » • ¦ •">•¦_, •. • '¦;.¦ - •-. ¦.T-*i'
i :¦ ¦. \ ¦-...•.» .. - ¦ '. -' '.. . . ¦ > ¦*.-'..¦ • V
FURNITURE FOB SAUL
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. 848 60. with Ma T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1317-1131 Market.
ELEGANT and completely furnished 7-room
flat: steady roomers and boarders. 938 Geary.
FURNITURE WASTED. C+y
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; teL South 413,
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia st; teL Church 1188.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pars highest
price for second-hand furniture; teL Red 13&4.
A. L. STORRS. 834 Ellis st.; telephone Larkla
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 781 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1138 Market
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Ness)
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
¦
D. ft F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant in,
HELP WANTED— FKMiIE.
LADIES— Learn 20th century profession for wo-
men; we teach halrdresslng. shampooing,
manicuring, face steaming and massage, eleo-
tzical rolling, cupping, bleaching: latest meth-
ods; thorough Ins true.; everything furn.; day.
eve, classes; 3 weeks' course. $5. 727 Bush st
WANTED at once. 2 experienced lady can-
' vassers on commission. AsDly at 1727 Mar-
ket st.. between 12 and 1 o'clock. Monday.
November U.
WANTED— Operators to work on fronts of neg-
ligee and golf shirts. Apply THE L. EJ>
KUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st ,
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN. SIMON ft CO.. corner
Second and Market sts.
GOOD cook and general housework: 3 adults
In family; wages $25. Call Monday, between
9 and 12 a. m.. 1612 Larkln st
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' waists;
state experience and where last employed.
Apply box 1548. Call office.
EXPERIENCED cutter who understands cut*
ting of ladles* wear: good position to right
party. Apply box 1533. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for suit and
waist department; must have city reference;
- good wages. Address L, F., box 1899. Call.
GIRL for general housework; modern cot-
tage: small family; $20; call Monday morn-
ing. 1223 Waller st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; smalt
family; $12 to $15. Apply at 1830 O*FarreU
street
A BRIGHT, neat, accurate youn* lady copy-
ist and do collecting; wages $8 per week:
hours 7-5. Box 2094. Call.
FIRST-CLASS saleswoman to travel for whole-
sale house. Box 1529. Call.
GIRL to assist In light housework; German
preferred. 602 Fulton st
WANTED— A responsible woman for light
housework: small family. Call 1416 Larkln it.
WANTED— A girl of 18 years to assist la
housework. 4032 25 th st. Castro cars.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices oa
men's neckwear. L. Samter ft Son. 518 Mrkt.
TAILORESS and buttonhole makers. A.
KAHN. 142 Geary st
OPERATORS wanted on children's tailor- trade)
coats. 658 Mission st, fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists] 656 Mission
• St., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wrappers. 858 Mission
St.. fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' and children's wear.
658 Mission st, fourth floor.
25 GIRLS wanted to learn to operate: paid
while learning. 858 Mission st. fourth flcor.
TWO girls on leather draperies. 841 Mission sstt t
; third floor; Monday. 10 to 11.
j WANTED— Advanced apprentice on coats;
I good pay. 206 Sutter st
WANTED— for military tailoring; good
wages; steady work. 2912 Lyon st .
GIRL wanted for general housework; small
family. Apply 1527 O'Farrell st
A— HAIRDRESSING taught thoroughly in t
weeks: manicuring, electrical face massage,
face steaming, electrical rolling, cupping,
shampooing. scalp treatment. singeing,
bleaching and dyeing; entire course $5; every*
thing furnished while learning: positions posi-
tively guaranteed: 3 good positions In fin*
stores now open for those entering Immediate-
ly: day and evening classes. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE. 233 Geary St.. rm. 13-
GIRL to take care children and assist light
housework. 1525 Fills st.
EXPERIENCED waist and skirt hands wanted.
Call Sunday aft at US Stockton, rms. E ft F.
WANTED— seamstress for short time.
Box IMI. Call office*
YOUNG lady for first-class candy store; must
¦ be thoroughly experienced. Box 1880. Call.
GIRL or woman for light housework; refer*
ences. 719 Capp st
CHOCOLATE dipper, experienced. Cor retail
store The Sugarie. 893 Valencia st
WOMAN to do housework part of the day st
all day. Sunday excepted. 137 South Park.
LADIES, visit & F. Hairdresslng College be*
fore going elsewhere: celebrated Marcel
Ware taught how to dye the hair Titlaa red;
also making of creams, tonics and nail li-
quids, entire course $5: only '3 weeks re-
quired in which to learn; artist Instructors)
In each department; graduates earn from $T»
to $123 a month. S. F. Halrdresslnx College,
238 Geary street, room 13.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possssssd oC
I -assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. T. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
' WANTED— Experienced lady cashiers aad
wrappers. Apply at HALE BROS/, before U
a. m. -- ,
WANTED— Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady experienced In oXfic*
work to handle private exchange and do
clerical work; state salary expected; give
reference. Box 1516, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCQ
ft HARRIS CO.. 841 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; na
washing; wages $25. &14 Central are.
GIRL for confectionery store: some experience)
required. 1247-49-81 Polk st
WAITRESS. rag Valencia sf
MACHINE operators at LETT STRAUSS 41
CO/S overall factory, S3H Fremont st; good
:pf^ : iaß.'grvgr ntoMwy; «*•** w °*«
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about It
years of age for Instruction, paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Oouga
and Grove sts.
GOOD wages to ladles handling latest photo-
graphlo novelty. Call at HAUSSLER'3. 141*
Market st.
A RELIABLE woman wanted to do light house
work and help take care of one child: wages
t>o a month. 1114 Tennessee, nr. 22d. Potrero,
AN experienced, capable Protestant waitress
wanted at 1317 Jackson st. Oakland; refer-
encea required: call Sunday afternoon.
BASTERS and operators on coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD ft CO.. factory 27 Geary st
GIRL to assist In light housework: small fam-
ily: no washing; wages $15. 18104 Mason st.
PANTS finisher wanted at 253H Stevenson st.
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS body Ironers: $10 per week. <
United States Laundry. 16th and Valencia,
( YOUNO girl for light housework and plain
[ cooking. 616 Hayes st. ¦ m ~
EXPERIENCED finishers wanted, first-class
I pay, on ladles' cloaks. 188 Market at. room 9.
GOOD girl wanted to feed cylinder press. My.
sell-Rollins Co.. 22 Clay st
YOUNG woman for concert hall: none under 18
need apply. 625% Pacific st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. Belasco A Harris Co.. 641 Market
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and clem«
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st
1 WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. \ ¦ • - ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions)
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllniore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st ¦ ¦ .•¦.... .
JHELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN ft CO.'S.. .Phon»
OPEN TO-DAY. SUNDAY ™
Tunnel men. Chatsworth Park S3 is)
Muckers. Chatsworth Park m
Laborers for company work ........ "'« '?
10 teamsters. Uklah .;!" «
I 20 drillers for the big ditch "*«a m v
10 shovelers for the big ditch *...'. "tJ ss
Ship to-day Sunday
Errand boy for this office.. •"" •""* 4n *»*»
C. R. HANSEN ft C 0......-.....104 Geary 'st
WANTED-.*/ representative. In San Fxauctsco
1HELP WASTED — M ALE Con.
A--MURRAY ft READY Thone Main SSIS
Loading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Oj'fn 7. a. m. Monday
» laborer* for a jrol.l mine. lare '- 50 $->0
N laborers. <iuert«*Wilne Hi
;. mucker*. r«_d mine .$."7 30 and found
It lalK>tyn=. noar city J52
1" labwvrs. quarry ><SO
V lalKiivrs for other Jobs; blacksmith helper
. tor c»mj). 52 day; blacksmith, country shop;
handy man to look after tenement house; 10
h'.oektnaVer*. so make basalt blocks. s«*e boss
hi-re; 10 4-horr<? teamsters, country. $<v SO: 5
2-horse teamsters, fare Si 25, 160; 12 farmers.
fK: S plow teamsters. $9)9; 3 butter mixers;
-A milkers: € stablemen, buggy washers and
hostlers: choremrn and chorebsys; choremsM
for private family <>:. ranch, $25 and found;
btvr bottler, intry. 852
HOTELS. ETC
10 cook*, hotels and restaurants, city and
country; 15 waiters, city and country. $25, $*).
F3S and $40 and found: 12 dishwashers and
Xltchen l;_nus. and others
MIRRAY & READY 634-636 Clay *t.
WANTED— a city salesman for an old-estab-
lished wholesale liquor house: must be a
man of wide experience. • capable, energetic
and tillable; of good habits, address and ap-
pearance: b«-*t of references required; liberal
salary to right man. llox US*. Call office.
CIVIL SERVICE Government Positions- SSSS
Hrpolntmert? made last year: probably 10,000
\his year; only common school education re-
.jutred for examination; catalogue st Infor-
mation tree. Columbian Correspondence Col-
les<\ Washington, P. C
J7T.A-AN AT business roman wishes elderly
mart for partner in a good paying business:
mail store; incoming partner handle all the
•Rf\- . invoice will I* taken: good chance for
a ¦at*, steady man. Call ":~ Kourth St., in
cigar etcre.
*VAXTED- -Ke!iable young man: plain work;
no experience required; JIS week; must have
tliS. i:;i Market st., room 1. upstairs.
DARKEST young man. willing to work his
way through business college. California
Busil College. 306 Lerkin st.
SOBER and steady lunch counter waiter, sin- '
Ele; wages $53 per month and found. Address
Depot Hotel. Wadsworth. New
- — Experienced driver for a flrst-clasa
downtown grocery business; give reference.
Apply box ISS7. Call offloe.
WANTED— Man to learn "massage." Tel.
Black J_». ask for "Chase." male and female
masseur.
<joor» furnishing goods man for the country;
Monday, bet. 9 and 10 a. m., S3i Kearny st. *
WANTED- <^ash boys. $13 month. ROOS
81. - r5-ST K.-arnj- st.
-A' ANTED— Tailors; steady positions. ROOS
BROS.. B-SS Kcarr.i st.
.
FtGETIC man to solicit and collect. Call
£-9 a m. tn'.y. T. J. Keefe. r. 6. 405 Mor>tgy.
BOY wanted. Apply at ETTINGER'S. 723
Market Et. •»
SALESMAN: city or country; salary and com-
mission. SI6 Market st.. 31 Columbian bldg.
WANTED-! coed molding polishers at SAN-
3ORN. VAIL _ CO/61 factory. 710 Minna at.
WANTED— Salesman for city. Apply W. H.
FRY. «C 5 Montgomery st.. rm. 6, 8 o'clock.
CASH boys wanted. LIVINGSTON BROS 123
Poet st.
*. PORTER at 19 Powell st. '
WANTED— Cook for a email restaurant 1915
•>r.tral aye.. bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED— « boys for general work. Califor-
nia Barrel Factory, ccr. 22d and Illinois sts.
'URBEBS-I wan; I or 3 chair shop In coua-
try: state price. Box ISSS. Call office.
iIi"VATOR boy wanted at 59 Stockton st
a DISHWASHER wanted. 134 Third »t.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailoring; highest
•emmission pall in cash. Box 1579. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED single man for light work.
404 Linden aye.. bet. Octavia and Laguna.
'¦'."ANTED— Experienced foreman for coat fac-
tory. Bex li~. Call office.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. IMf Market st
near Eleventh.
WANTED— Mas in each county to represent
«taK:sted house, solid financial standing-
bona fide weekly cash salary $1S paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
'rotn headquarters; money advanced for ex-
P^ases. Manager. 2" Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— A first-class shoecutter for men's !
work. Apr.ly to Evans Shoe Co.. Napa. Cat !
K"_3bTED — Responsible manaxer (integrity '
¦? _m t<» unquestionable.) to take chance of
¦:t:; ji:rv depot and or3ce to be opened In '
C_lifcrr.;a io further business tn;erest» of '
:<l-ests.b:!she<s manufacturing concern; salary ''
Si:# s*r mor.th an* extra profits; applicant
ir.-jrt have IILCO to £000 cash and good, stand-
¦r^. Adircss fiuirt.. P. O. box in, Phfta-
c:ei;h:a. Pa.
MEN whs can be depended upon to work 12
.=ys on avedal assignment: 836 cash paid for
[ob; if satisfactory PM and expenses per
! r ar, permanent asslrnment: reference, any
i.r.k; send references an<i e*lf -addressed I
=tair.ped envelope. NATIONAL. 307 Caxton
block, Chlcaco.
MANAGER— Luce house, extending business '
rapidly, desires amass capable man manage
f.c* this city; salary ta» month, all expen- I
ds, extra, commissions: must furnish 11200
ash; no soliciting, office duties wholly; first- ,
.?.? s references given and expected. Super- ;
_"_!' nii?nt - kOlk 01 531. New Haven. Conn.
L : E>."TLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
;cid opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
:ocro ::. Parrott building
•: .MAN" at once. BELASCO A HAR-
¦iIS CO.. Ml Market st.
UXDERPRESSER on coats. BELASCO A
BARKIS CO.. 541 Market st.
«
. IRST-CLAES coatmaker: good pay; steady
fork. EELASCO A HARRIS CO., Ml Mar-
ket st
ACLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
prupoc'.tlocs. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call Building.
•"•GENTS; solicit pictures; city or country; in-
iuczE»nu: «-xp men. Royal Port Co.. 11l 7th.
YOCNG SB to learn barber trade; catalogue
g— '.led. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
irXP£RIEXCED bat salesman wanted by a
city IsMsag house; good position to the right
mar. Box 17&5. Call ogee.
BD — Young man for offloe work; must
be good at figure* and know bow to operate
» typewriter; knowledge of electrical busl-
o*sb preferred. Address box 17&6. Call office.
COATMAKERS and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. A CO.. U Batter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged," half
rtct. &Q Mission St., bet. at and 2d sta.
WANTED— Recxuits for the marine corpa, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and as- not
l«*s than I feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st. Fan Francisco.
81 MEN wanted— drillers, tunnel, brush
sri<s shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the BweepsUke Mining Co..
near Wearerville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and beat
wages In etate. Baa Francisco Construction
Co.. 'A Montgomery at., room 25, baa Jr'raa-
cifico, Cal.
XTKD— IOC teamsters by the E. B. A A. L.
m<-T» Co. for th*!r ramp near Jackson Ama-
<sor County. Cal.: wages for 2-horse team-
st«T«. $2 per day, wages for «.horse team-
sters. C 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
A FTEADY. reliable man. 25 to 40 years of
age. with $1000, can procure permanent situa-
tion; good -alary and 6% on Investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 1655. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed li'j'.k'.n. Keno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ISO large
roomy; Be per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
'•'juired: tools donated; positions guaranteed;
:-t_|f;_ue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
I^EGE. OS mar at.
'WANTED— Errand boys not under It years of
»gr. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 122 j
Butter lit
COAT, rest and pants makers wanted: apply
U a. m , 6tevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
GET your half-soled while waiting; 24c
tc Me CC3 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 3d sts. •
BAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, » Steuart st.
WANTED— Reliable braadbakera. 127 Mason st.
McDONALD A PERRY have MO pairs second-
nand Kboes for sale ; GOo up. 341 Third St.
i-KNSION etty., E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
hig- Past com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
HEffTEK Hoose. 44 Third st, near Mar-
kct— 7oo rooms. 21c night: reading rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry*
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r«ccjv»d »• Call branch office. 2300 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
oubKcriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
>ncla, «l
riot *E9fjrorj,ET :^
* PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
r-lar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
VJ*-1 ItOOMS: marine view; large yard: first-
"i*M> condition; sanitary plumbing. 2€19 Or:-
ta via St.
MXE-KOOK brtise: modern; marine view. 3848
Etcincx rent Sa. ¦ ¦ '.
po-MODEHN room house; pantry; laundry;
larg.* grounds, 2209 Jackson st.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCE!!.
SAN MATEO— For rent; a beautiful log cabin
ottaKe of 6 rooms; furnished. Apply MRS.
\V. H. HUNT, box 46. San Mateo. Cal.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle*
broke and adapted to delivery wagon* ; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $10 *o $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
i DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. November 6, at 11 a. m.. at the
1 Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN
: J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
, COACH horses for sale; pair of sorrel geldings,
16 hands. 7 years.- very stylish, good actors. '
J. O'DONNELL. 721 Howard st.
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy st.. a tine lot of carriage, road and
business horses.
ONE 1 -horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon.
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
j WANTED— 3-tori wagon; also 10-ton scale. Box
1569. Call office.
FIXE rubber-tired business buggy and harness
for pale cheap. 1314 Mission st.
FIXE pure bred Percherons. Address WM. B.
! COLLIER. 124 Sansome St.. S. F.
- — 1 »
1 HANDSOME saddle horse for sale cheap at 615
Ellis st.
i VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hand» : sound, gentle. E. 8.. 7?1 Howard at.
; A BARGAIN in good carriage saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. I laundry "l
baker's. 1 «ho». 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
i AN A N%. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for tale, cheap. 632 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
j 13 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AND FOI'ND.
I LOST from the steamer City of Puebla, cvi-
I dently taken by mistake by one of the passen-
| gers, a new medium-size telescope basket,
without label, containing articles of toilet
| and ladles' dross, also a green box contain-
ing a number of document?, etc Any one
: returning the same to The Call office will re-
! ceive a reward of $5 for the trouble.
STOLEN— November 23, brown, long-tailed
trick cocker. Fritz; lock, tag 372-1900 hanging.
153-1901 on collar back; retainer prosecuted;
reward 1114 Polk st. DR. WILLIAMS.
LOST— Between 4CO Eddy st. and 21 Powell, a
tar. pouch piir Liberal reward If returned
to 410 Eddy st
LOST— From 215 Fourteenth St.. bluish-gray
hunting dog, named Dash, with white collar;
reward.
AN enameled gold breast pin. diamond in cen-
ter; reward. 3446 Twentieth st., nr Capp.
LOST— lrish sr<anl«l do*; collar, Oakland 11-
cense. Return 91 California St.. r 4. Monday.
IX Auguft. photo of gentleman and dog. Please
j return to 3* Larkln St.; reward.
f LOST— At or i>e:ween "City of Paris." "Lace
House" or "White House." sunburst pin.
Return to 590 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland, or
IS3B O'Farrell St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Diamond stud on Tuesday eve., on Mar-
ket or Eddy Ets.. bet. Drumm and Leaven-
worth. Return to BILL RICE. 60 Market st.
\ and receive liberal reward.
j LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
; and Loan Society. S. F, In the name of
SAMUEL BKBBLAUKK. No. 21S-97*. The
Hnder please return to hank.
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline st*.. Oakland
$100 reward and no questions If returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN, 1124 Eighth st , Oan-
land.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada N't-
tlonal Bank In favor EMMET CARTER (No
Ct.4»» for $140. Box USS. Call office.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 2?) Sutter et.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th» Weekly Call.
IS pares. In wrapper fcr mailing. $1 per year.
MATTRESSES _ A.M> PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., til to 415 Powell it.;
tel. Bush 421.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab 1B7; reliable~and '
confidential: list, : -. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis st. |
MEDICAL. ~
DR. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick and In j
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in al!
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. UK O.
W. POX SELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MI'.S. SWEET, graduate Royal University,
1 Berlin; 25 years' experience In midwifery
cases: utmost confidence can be placed In her;
takes and treats ladies before and during en- I
finement; best care, attention; confinement I
$15: board $4 a week and up; Infants adopud.
M Guerrero St.. nr. 18th; phone Klue 411.
MRS. D. WVETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists (or female complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; ¥> years' experience; I
private home before and during confinement.
410 OTarrell St.. near Taylor; hours 5 to 5.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at i
122* Market: maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m to 4 p. m. and 6 to S:JO p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original '.
method of treatment: maternity home; home '
In confinement 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical rare; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists, !
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice In
S. F.; maternity home; fee low. XX Market.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 210 Stockton at. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
_16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-handl machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st ,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po- ¦
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and !
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth: write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, sbap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, such a*
band ' saws, wood planers, shavers, stickers,
tnortisers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE, 2N
Fremont st
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. Is being In-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 25
Stockton st. All you need Is a very small
deposit.
RETIRING from business: we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings* at a
reduction of half off: must close out every-
thlng by Dec. It. JONES — CO.. 704 Larkln.
FOR sale— loo pigeons, three-quarter runts and
homers; also Jersey calf. bred. Apply 463
Tenth at., room 6. Oakland, or Baker aye.,
San Leandro road.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
*%p. WHITELAW. 253-2SS Spear st.
FOR sal*— Horizontal electric fan. direct 600
volt: 2 blades; in good condition; tlO. A'ldrebs
The B*e. Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.,
t Stevenson st. - '
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 16. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— « 3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 78. Popu-
tar Price Hatter*. 220 Kearny st. near Pine.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
FIRST-CLASS milk route, with or without
depot; 100 gallons. Box 1788. Call offlcs. .
ENGLISH pug and puppies for sale; $5 and $10.
fc- Mission at. ..
WILL sell for $100 finest quality $225 »ealskln;
the sam* as new; bust it. Box '1689, Call.
COMBINATION dining, billiard and pool table;
new; bargain. Box 2096, Call office.
-Thoroughbred runts, white homers,
hen pigeons. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
FOII Sale— Office safe, good as new, cheap.
Box lisa. Call office.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHEL-EN. 1230-82 Hampshire st.
FOR Sale— Horse and phaeton; family or doc-
tor, Call morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
BEND 10c for a packet of "California Zephyr"
sachet. THE LAMBERT CO.. Oakland. Cal.
HANDSOME Yorkshire terrier 1 year old; good
watch dog; cheap. 8311 Clay at.
200.000 BRICK for sale. Apply 426 California
•t., between Montgomery and Bansome.
NEW Singer sewing machine, S drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. l»lt Mission near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St., rm. 2*.
CHEAP— 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 646 Mission at.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
MISCEILASEOIS— FOR 8/ -ufe-— Cost.
2D-HAND pipe. 4. 3. 2. 1. %. In.; half price
of new. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; reduc-
tlon of 855. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
HAH outfits, showcases; all lengths and size*.
JACOB BCHWKRPT. 821 Mission st. .
UIG prices paid for Eealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. Ell Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
20.000 FEKT hydraulic iron pipe. 6 to SO Inches
diameter; any place In State; give full de-
scription. Box 1984. Call office. .
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and cllnk-
ere. South Park Malt House, Brannan >>t.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
ALL check stamps, stamped checks and docu-
mentary stamps bought. R. GARVEY, room
1008. Call building.
WANTED--Hamnif»rless shotgun. 12 or 16
gauge, not o*er 7 lbs. : ejecter preferred. Box
1612. Call office.
A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about 1%
karats. Box 1974. Call of flee. .
WANTED— H. P. steam engine. McINTOSH
& WOLPMAN, cor. Fremont and Howard sts.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call
j FOOT-POWER circular saw. Sterrett Print-
j , ing Co., 933 Market St., fifth floor.
• HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry:
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright olano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. IS4 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2591.
MONEY TO LOAN. .
I HERMAN MI'RPHT, 60S Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
Loans made .'.
On first and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates
Undivided Interests lit real estate
Property being held In trust
Life policies. Estates In probate
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
• MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
(300. at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
; on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
; any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. •
First, second and third mortgages ,
Undivided interest In real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
; THE Portland Loan Office. S3 Stockton St..
phone Bush 484. has a new Idea In money
lending; phjne us or send word and we will
'¦ call: money lent on diamonds, watches, seal-
Itxtas, etc., also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on us: con-
f.dentlal. [
' $550,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 364
Parrott building.
' ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first
second ami third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1565, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant aye.. near Market St.; tel. Black 6471.
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant a vs., near
I Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
, A MILLION at 4 per cent : smaller amounts at
I 5; city or farm property; long time: state ,
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
: ries, goods In warehouse.etc. ;any amount ;low-
e»t rates: private. Ormaby, 26 Montgomery st.
[ ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals,
lowest rates: quick; by private party. ISO
Market St.. room 10.
: $OOO.OC6'AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
¦ (I^O.GoQ on large ranches at fair rates; second
I mortgages. It J. MERCER _ SOX. 412 Pine.
j CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages and on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
| lowest rates. Becker A Co.. 26 Montgomery.
| LOWEST rates en furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 2, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
3% en furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
i £%% OX real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
! OX furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
[ _ strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister it.
i ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
'ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
> quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
, IF you want a home I will loan you money to
bity it. A. E. RUDELL. 122 Sansome it
• ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sltlons. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLE V Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL^INSTRUMENTS. ~~~
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, Is the largest
west of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
sold upon easy payments or $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., Ban Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payment*; big allowance for
second-hand piano*; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
gains. $23 up; Stelnways. $185; Chlckerlngs.
13.". : CO others; agents wanted. We pay your
fare to and from any part of California If you
purchase. 217 Geary st.
ETECK. Everett, Hardman, Packard, Lud-
wlg, Harrington, Conover and other pianos.
Th»e makes we are now offering for sale
In our wholesale warerooms at 933 Market
st. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
100 empty piano boxes for rale at 60c each.
THE WILEY B. ALLKN CO.. »33 Market.
ATTENTION BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand rqusre pianos from $50 up. •
Kecond-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 tip. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
_ and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. .
•ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER _ CHASE 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850. •
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs $25
up. BOWERS A SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
A POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
ASK us about our new plan of selling pianos:
how does $1 60 per week strike you? Agents
for Wlssner. Decker A Son. Baumeister and
others. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
769 Market st. ¦ ¦ ; ' . . - . ¦,-. .
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second*
hand pianos Just put on sale for storage; dirt
cheap: must sell; no reserve; installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage. 1706 Market St.
COURSE of lessons given purchaser of finest
new piano in market; barg. 1678 Washington.
HERTZ piano; good for practice; Bchaffer
upright, nearly new. $99. 817 Qsary st
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
going East account death; sacrifice. 501 Eddy.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. $ Latham place.
BOHMER, Byron Mauiy, - Lester Hamilton.
Splelmann pianos. 308 Post St. .
GOOD second-band upright for sale cheap.
• BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. '
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 83 Turk st, near Market^
Shonlnger, Schubert and Stelnwajt bargains^
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rest, 88 pet '
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., MO Hayes.
¦' jl ' • '. ¦ ' ' ' ' ¦",¦ ¦';.'": ¦:-'.''i'''"/t.?"'*'.v."*-:
OFFICES AMD J'TOBICS TO LBT.
DESK-ROOM to let in Crocker Building; first-
class opportunity. Box 1801, Call office.
OFFICES and furnished rooms. 41 Third
street. . : - '¦¦¦ ¦• - ..¦¦..;¦ _. ¦ .
. .-'.¦¦• -V- ; ''- • ¦ OIL. '.•' ¦ • '¦¦
OIL tanks, second-hand, in , good order; all
sites; cheap. H. 8. WHITE, 816 Mission St.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered. $3 up; leaks and plastering
repaired. 319 Third at.
~ PALMISTRY.
MARIE ALLYN, the celebrated palmist, has
arrived from the Southwest and is located at
1015 Market at. ;
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2935.
x PARTNERS WANTED.
UPHOLSTERER to take one-third interest In
an established business. - Address 627 E. Main .
St.. Stockton, Cal. '
PERSONALS. ¦ .. ¦
A GERMAN lady of title, widow, whose only
daughter is Just married, will undertake the
. charge of young American ladles wishing to
make their entree Into European society or
' travel on the Continent; will superintend
ladles or children desiring to perfect their
studies or travel for health; highest refer-
ences. Address COUNTESS KINSIEDEL.
geb. yon Schack, Schloss Wolkenburg, ' near
Dresden. . !
WANTED— Correspondence with middle-age or
elderly \Ventern gentleman of means by at-
tractive, amiable and affectionate widow, 28
years of age, Intending to spend winter In
California; object matrimony; no trlflers.. Ad-
,ll, MRS. K. BORQUE, lock box 274, In-
dlanagolla. Ind. ¦
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, carlo* and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
st, largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from* $1 upward.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye: no stain, grease or 611. At drug-
gists', hairdressers' or our office, 385 Geary
S. F. Tire Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4595.
SIRE cure for drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit: Mooper Company Gold Cure; accom-
plished without publicity; confidential; full
direction: hundreds Of testimonials; price $5
per bottle. Address 1125 Geary st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair of pants free of charge: other suits on In-
stallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist. 3U3
Eighteenth St.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1341. ¦
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings partleß not required to go Into court.
Room 611, Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3601.
MRS. BUIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re- I
moved without pain or scars by the lateet.
elrctr)c appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171. !
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. 8. F. : tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester !
Hotel, 44 Third st. n;ar Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic, offlcr. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
j Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
¦ ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kla-ora. parlors S3") Sutler; phone B!s.rk in;. ;
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also 1
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet iwm*. In hank or chain, at lowet>t 1
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland. 1
ALL scalp diseases cured: hair grown: gray re- |
j stored; *hami>oolng; hair dried by the sun. j
the only way to keep your hair in a healthy
I condition. K. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knl.'e. platter or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West V: ¦-•*¦. St.. N. T.
MAN, M years old. with small business, would
- like to corresDOiKi with lady -from *» to .v»
years old; object matrimony. Box 1878. Call
office. ' •• .
ARTISTIC halrdresslng 25c; manicuring 25c; :
.shampooing We; hair dyeing, wigs, switches I
and front pieces. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made salts, coats,
silk walnts, trimmed bats, skirts, etc.: weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth at.
ADELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth* 60c. postpaid: free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per
ronal" advertisements marriageable people,
many rich, mailed J.W. Gunnels. Toledo.O.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter j
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING 1
CO.. 1310- 1212 Stockton -L. near Lro.idway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market st. opp. McAllister st. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with ;
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st. j
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10 i
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st. '
A— IF your hair Is rating or you are bald, call on j
Dr. G.S.Moore. 322 O'Farrell; send for circular.
VI DA Company permanently cures stomach !
trouble. 726 Valencia st. bet. 13th and ltth.
ELECTRICITY is life. Mme. Zella gives
treatments. 1020 Market st.
DR. J. 8. POTTS has resumed practice of medi-
cine; office Y. M. C. A. building.
DR. LAMOTTE'B FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP' that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will dp It; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hnlr tn its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE contumes, play books. wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Markt.
800 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUB A CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE milts. $1 CO; dress pants. $2 CO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, >or. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mulling. 31 per year.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL V. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials nt office.
, SPECIAL NOTICES. _ ¦• .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tcj. 8580.
DISEASES nnd ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 614 Pino.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con.
. imitation free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
storageTand warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6711.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion at.: tel. Howard 141. F. W. ZEHFUBB.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEX INS Van and Storage Co.. 7$ Mission at;
tel. Main 1640; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
O^BAT^'-ARdAINB I IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, .83. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTSR Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;e»tlmate free. 209 Bansome.
DIVIDEND^ NOTICES. , ¦' ,
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16. second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 8, 1901.— Dividend No. 194, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra i Costa Water i Company, i will ¦ be pay-
able at the office of said company, room l«,
second floor. Mills building, on Nov. 18, 190 L
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Nov.
1, 1901, at 2 p. m. '. . i -¦ ¦¦--- ;-•. ¦-¦
_. EDWARD McOARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The ¦ Chant Powder Com-
, pany. Con.— dividend, , No. . 88. of seventy-
five cents (750) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the. company has been declared pay-
able, at the of floe of the company, 435 Califor-
nia it., Ban Francisco, on November 11, 190 L
, Transfer books % doss . November . 4, 1 1901, |at
noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary. . _ .
REAL ESTATE— — SALS.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
17,000— Rents 12016 per .annum; near Sixteenth
¦ and Mission sts. ; 12 flats of 4-3 rooms
' and bath each; all In perfect order;
'/ street bltu mini zed; 135x85. ¦
19000— Rent 11020 per annum; Folsom St., near
Fifth; six flats of 4, 5 7 rooms each;
'. • steadily rented; brick foundation, etc.;
- - 25x165; two frontages.
17000— Reduced from I90U0; rents $780 per an-
: num; Sacramento st., near Deviaadero;
' , two choice flats of 6 rooms and bath
' and rear cottage; all In good order;
• 10x127:8)4. s ¦.¦--, ¦ '
$5500— Reduced from $6500; In order to close
•¦ an estate; Devlsadero st., near Haight;
two bay-window flats of 5, 7 rooms and
bath each; 25x100.
$5000— Rents $664 per annum; corner on Stelner
st., near California; two good bay-wln-
¦ \dow flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
• brick foundation, etc.
$41000— Rents $384 per annum; Diamond St.,
near Nineteenth; two new bay-window
flats of 5. 6 rooms and bath each and
stable In rear; large lot. 27:6x125.
$4000— Rents $396 per annum; Nineteenth st.
> ;'; ' near Castro; two modern flats .ofs, 6
room's and bath each; 20x85.
$3500— Rents $300 per annum; Florida St.. near
Twenty-second; two modern flats of 6
rooms and bath each; brick foundation.
.etc.; 25x100. . > ' „ .. „
$3100— Rents $575 per annum; near Sixth and
Folsom sts.; ' a good 3-story building.
- containing C flats of 4 rooms each; brick
foundation, etc. 25x78.
' $3000— Rents $360 per annum; near Powell and
Jackson sts. ; three flats of 3. 5 rooms
each: 21:9x61.
Make offer— Flllmore-st. corner; choice build-
ing lot: must be sold.
$2500— California aye.. close to terminus of
Valencia st. cars; two desirable flats
of 4, 6 rooms and bath each: stone
foundation, etc.; 25x70.
$2000— Make offer; rents $300 per annum; near
Stockton and Jackson sts.; two-story
frame building; under lease; a snap.
Make offer— McAllister st. ; two choice building
lots; cash above mortgage of $2000.
Send for our Real Estate Record, containing
a list of properties for sale In all parts of the
city.
Latest pocket map of San Francisco. 25 cents.
O. H. I'MRSEN - CO..
• ' : ' " 14 Montgomery st.
F. B. SURRTHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT, .
138 Montgomery st.
$10,500— Rents $98 per month; 3 swell up-to-
date flats, 7 rooms and bath each; close to the
I Park; fine renting locality; lot 25x125 ft; will
take desirable building lot as part payment
— North corner on Sacramento St., near
Leaven worth; 2 buildings; rents $34.
' Guerrero St., close to Market: modern
2-»tory bav-wlndow residence, 10 rooms and
bath;. lot £7:6x117:6; $4000 can remain on mort-
gage If desired.
$75C0— Bart let t St.. near Twenty- fourth; beau-
tiful modern cottage 10 rooms and bath; cost j
over $9000 to build 6 years ago; lot 69x117:6 to
an alley; beautiful grounds; compulsory sale;
this Is a sacrifice.
$3000— Flllmore st.; nice cottage 6 rooms and
bath; lot 30x87:6; small cash payment; balance
In small monthly Installments If desired.
$3900— Bryderlck st, near Bush; double house
5 rooms each; rents $30 per month; lot 40x60;
want an offer. . ;.'<>
$4500— Seventeenth St.. close to Market: mod-
ern cottage 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x150; easy
terms if desired. •¦
$10,000— Ashbury st. close to the Park; new
residence 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:*.
I $7SCo— Howard St.. near Seventeenth; 2 modem
fiats and rear cottage; rents $60; lot 25x100.
' $BCOO— Bush st., near Howard; 2 flats; rents
I $55.
'¦ $»500— Buchanan et. near Golden Gate aye.;
3 flats; rents 16.1 per month; lot 31x92.
$;500— Twenty-flfth st, near Valencia; nice
residence 6 rooms and bath; small cash pay- j
ment, balance monthly.
i $31CO— Clara st, near Sixth; 4 tenements; rents
! $C 6. \_
$4500— St., near Seventeenth; modern res-
idence 8 rooms and bath; lot 10x122:6. I .
$11,000— Howard st.: 3 swell flats; rents $100.
$3750— Clementina st. ; 4 tenements; rents $44.
YON RHBI.V REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
$16.500— Turk, near Jones; 27:Cx137:6; two 2-
story houses.
$250— Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x93; 3 flats: {
rents $67.
$7750— Washington, near Walnut; 34:4Vsx
1.7 >>•»; house of 10 rooms and bath.
¦ $£uoo— Union place, near Green; 20x53:9; two
j house* ; rents $41.
I $500»— Leavenworth. near Union; 25x112:6; 3 ,
j new flats; rents $17. - .
$4750— Mason, near Sacramento; 3 flats; rents
I $11 50.
; $4500— Union, near Jones; 23:6x120 to rear
j street; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
! Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 10x65;
2 linages; rents $81. I
|SJS>—Fell. near Devisadero: 25x137:6; bouse
of 7 rooms and bath.
$4200— Clara, near Sixth; 25x80; store and 2
flat*; rents $46.
$3000— Scott place, near Broadway; 2SxM; 6
flats; rents $3».
UNIMPROVED.
I $7000— Broderlck. near O'Farrell; (0x137:6.
: $7000— Buchanan, near Sutter; MxU7:6-and L
j 25x&0.
Greenwich St.. near Taylor: 43:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp st., near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
Cor. Nineteenth aye. and Clement st: 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts. ; 23x70.
$3500— Fulton St.. near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
122.V)— Union St.. near Webster: 34:4^x137*.
$2100— Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 2.1x97 6.
$1250 each— Polk St.. near Chestnut; 3 lota.
17:6x87:6.
$1250— Octavla at. near Union; 23x59:6.
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 2axl'Js.
$85 a front Mission, near Twenty-eighth.
400 lots. $2CO to $40i); terms easy; electric road
I panada. _^___^_______________^__^____
1 EOVEE. TOT &SONNTAO.
Real Estate - Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
«'4 MARKET ST.
$12,000— Choice residence on the north line cf.
! Washington St.. near Walnut, contain 1 r.g 16
1 rooms and 2 baths; all the latest Improvements;
i fine marine view; lot 32x102:8^» feet
$9000— Large residence on the north line of
: Washington st, close to Powell, containing 15
i rooms and 2 baths: lot 30x135 feet; can be made
I Into flats at very little expena*. "
$8000— Three choice flats on Bush St.. near
; Scott; containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents for $60 per month; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
3SOoC— Three choice flats on Twenty-second St.,
near Valencia, containing 4. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; built one year; lot 25x114 feet; rent*
for $&4 SO per month.
14300— Clay St., near Flllmore; residence of
8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet.
Twenty-third st. near Bryant: I flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each and store be-
low and 2 rooms In rear with oven for bakery;
lot r>')xlO4 feet: rented for $49 per month.
$4POO- Two flats on Natoma St., near Sixth;
lot 25x75 feet; rents for $30 per month.
$3250— choice flats on Clara at., near
Sixth: rents for $23 per month.
Choice cottage on Capp st., containing
6 rooms and bath; lot 21:8x115 feet
$32co— Choice cottage on Dolores st., near
Twenty-second, containing 6 rooms and bath;
lot 26x96 feet.
Choice cottage on Diamond St.. near
Twenty-fourth, containing 6 rooms and bath;
lot 20x114 feet.
$1650— Hardy st., near Sixteenth; cottage of
3 rooms and bath rented for $12 SO per month;
lot 25x75 feet.
Further particulars of
BOVEE, TOT ft BONNTAG.
HAWKS ft BKELTON,
Rent- Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6300— Good Investment; O'Farrell St., near
Octavla, to rear street; rents $50; steady rent-
Ing property; can be Improved.
. $6000— Valencla-st. Investment: 2 houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per month; cheap.
$4250— L0t north side Page St., near Baker;
30x137:6; overlooking park; choice for home or
flats.
$5000— Corner Page and Laguna sts.; 33x100;
fine location for home or flats.
Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco its.; 15 min-
uets from our of flee; superb view of bay; can-
not be cut off; corner; 35x112; $3500; Inside lota,
$1750. v '
$3000— Lot on south side of Chestnut at., west
of Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$0600— Lot N.W. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.;
nOxU?; fine site for building with every room
sunny; good view south; also bay view from
upper floor. ¦
$3000— Lot In Fotrero, cor. Vermont and Eight-
enth; 110x100; street graded and sewered.
$1600— Lot north side Fulton st., near. First
aye.. facing Park: 25x187; make an offer.
AWKB ft BKF.LTON. 323 Montgomery at.
BUILDING LOTS ON FOLSOM BTREBX. .
AND ONLY TWO LEFT.
$10 a month will buy you one of them; no bet-
ter opportunity to get a fine lot; cement side-
walks laid. ¦* •
< Six-room cottage, newly built; It's yours for
your rent money; only half block from Mission
st. ; an elegant home. .
Five-room cottage on San Bruno aye.. 100 feet
from Twenty-fourth st. ; , easy monthly pay-
ments. ; ;
Five-room cottage on Hoffman aye., \ near
Twenty-third it. , , - ¦ . \
$5 monthly for a lot graded and sewered; 1
block from Twenty-second st ¦ -„..-,
$11 75 a month will buy you a fine 4-room
cottage and level lot; 1 block from Folsom-st.
Cftr "' OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post at.
$8780-BUBINEBB property on " First st., be-
tween Howard and Folsom: rants $47.
! $9600— Large corner with handsome 10-room
, residence on Devlsadero st.
. 36350— > fiats on Oak st., near Scott V :>
$878 only for 6 level lots, 26x100 each; near
electrlo cars. '¦¦ " ji - * ; -•¦ -- ¦¦• ¦.¦•.¦•.. . .
ROTHBRMSL ft MBRRBLT*
; : , .•-.¦'• ; 607 California st.
GOOD home. II rooms, for Ml*, to be removed
from 1220 Folaom at., or have you a lot you
. want ¦ to sell , for spot cash, near Ninth and
Folsom stsT Apply Dolan Building Supply
, Co.. 1611 Market st, opposite Franklin.
SUNSET cottage and lot for sale. $1300; small
cash payment. . balance HO per ¦ month. ¦ . Ad-
dress Owner, box 1797, Call office.
PJEAX, '' ESTATE — CTTT — lALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
, , 10 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS IN FLATS.
$7,ooo— RenU $66 per month: 3 separate fiats
of 7 rooms and bath each; north line of
:-- Hayes St., this side of -Flllmore; lot
27:6x137:6; a decided bargain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$20,000— Rents $144 per month; residence and
- . flats', vicinity of Van Ness aye. and
McAllister St.; lot has double front-
age; 42x120.
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
$2,ooo— Baker St., near Golden Gate aye.
. $1,600— Waller St., near Shrader and the Park
entrance; 25x137:6.
$2,250— Stanyan St., near Frederick; faces the
Park; 25x106:3: only lot left; level and
ready for building.
$3,600— E. cor. Green and Gough; 28x100.
DOWNTOWN INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$20,000— Extra large lot, 40x105; 2 substantial
. buildings; renting for $115 per month;
splendid site for apartment house; near
Sutter and Mason.
* A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$9,500— Rents $86 per month and can be in-
creased; building in first-class order;
separate flats; Sacramento St.. near
Hyde; large lot, 35x137:6.
BUSH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Large residence of 12 rooms and bath;
easily converted into flats at outlay of
¦ ¦ $4000; would rent for $1920 per annum:
lot 30x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION CHEAP HOME.
$I.Bso— Turk st., near Baker; cottage of 4
rooms and basement.
$3500— FOLSOM-ST., BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Two-story building, store below, flat above.
\ 7 rooms; vicinity Fourth at.
$3«00— RENTS $39 PER MONTH-$3600.
4 separate flats, in splendid condition; vicinity
of Folsom and 9th sts.; lot 27x75; all rented.
SUNSET LOTS ON EASY TERMS.
Level building lots on H st. and Nineteenth
aye. boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Ellls-st. cars
Prices moderate
Terms easy • • -
Lots level 
Streets macadamized
On official grade
Plank sidewalks
Gas— mall service
Better class of homes
Branch olttce at the corner ....
of H st. and Ninth aye.. south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day. Sundays and holidays:
don't delay, but Interest yourself in a home i
lot at once. Small first payments, balance $10
per month. Interest, 6 per cent.
Send to our office for a copy of. the "Buyer
• and Seller," a monthly catalogue published
by us containing a complete list of improved
and unimproved property we offer for sale.
Mailed free on application.
Send for a copy of the "Buyer and Seller,
our monthly catalogue, containing a complete
list of improved and unimproved properties for
sale. Mailed free on application.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
CHEAP LOT.
On Fell st.; fine location; owner very anxious
to sell; price iioDERN
NEW MODERN FLATS.
Three fine new flat:* on Jackson St.; finely
finished throughout; vert sunny lot; rent $160;
price 1 • HOWARD STREBr FLATS.
I Rents $68; price $6750; three flats on Howard
i St.. near Twelfth; 7. 6 and 5 rooms; all rented; ;
lot 25x137:6, In good condition; new plumbing. j
et?.
A BIG CORNER.
On Mission st.; 3 frontages; fine for stores
and flats- car line on two streets and transfer
corner; centrally located; owner very anxious
to effect a quick sale; large mortgage can
stand; price 940.000; an offer wanted.
i • PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
I Splendid nearly new home on Pacific Heights; I
I 9 rooms and bath; sunny lot. with beautiful
1 marine view: price $13,500.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
Two flats on Larkin st, near -utter; will ex-
change for cottage in Panhandle district; price
$7500.
LOTS FOR FLATS.
Fine lots corner of Scott and McAllister sts.;
roust be sold for absent heirs: sires, 27:6x137:6
and 25x106:3; prices very reasonable.
CLAY STREET.
Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights on Clay St.;
all ready to build on; price only $1500.
IN THE MISSION.
I Cottage of 6 rooms and bath on Shot well st,
I near Twenty-second; easy terms it desired.
i Send for our list of other Mission cottages. All
1 prices.
i FOLSOM STREET.
Between Third and Fourth sts., store and
rooms above; lot 20x80; rents 325; price $3300; a
nice little investment.
BUSH-STREET FLATS.
Two new flats on Bush St.; 6 and 7 rooms;
rented for $60 SO monthly: price $7000.
Send for our list of cheap lots situated In all
parts of the cfry.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
. IPS Montgomery St.. San Francisco."
O. D. BALDWIN ft SON.
2 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$20,000— Seventh st. near. Howard: rents $170 '
per month; large lot; 100 feet frontage; i
a fine investment.
$4,600— Rents $42; pays IS per cent net on '
equity; bank mortgage of $3000 can re- ;
main; flats 011 Powell. st. near Clay; I
always rented.
$2.800— Pine st.. near Webster: 25x100: two- I
story house of 6 rooms and bath.
$B.ooo— Oak st. near Market: 25x120 to rear
street; 4 flats; rents $63.
$2,6oo— Rents $25; 2 flats, 4 rooms and bath
each; near Geary and Steiner sts.
Two- story house of 6 rooms and bath on I
Geary st., near Scott
$11,000— Finest northeast corner lot on Presidio
Heights; S7:«xl27:S; magnificent marine
view.
$10,000— $97 EOt, 3 new flats of 6. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; all the latest improve-
ments.
$10,000— Very choice lot near Sutter and Taylor
sts.; 23 feet frontage; will pay 12 per
cent net If Improved.
$8,500— $30; 2 flne. modern flats of 6 and
9 rooms) and bath each on Devisadero
St.. near Washington; lot 25x110.
$7,6oo— Attractive modern residence of 9> rooms.
bath, furnace, etc., on Baker st. near
Fulton; lot 25x100.
$5,500— Cheap; Howard at., near Third; 2-story
house of 10 rooms and bath; lot 20x80.
12,000— Rents $24; near Folsom and Seventh
sts.; 3 flats; 10t' 25 feet frontage.
$3,500— Very nice ?alr of flats containing 5 and
6 rooms and bath: on sunny aide of
Bush St.. near FUlmore; splendid loca-
tion; lot 27 feet frontage.
Fifteenth st. bet. Noe and Castro; 24_
. 90; street accepted: concrete sidewalk.
$I.6OO— NE. corner Fifteenth and Castro: 24x
90: street bltumlnlsed: concrete side-
walk.
$3,BOO— NE. cor. Folsom and Norfolk: tSx7S:
suitable for stores and flats. ¦¦:-'¦
GEORGE A. RAYMOND,
Room 2, Seventh floor. Mills building.
COLONIAL HOUSE.
On College Heights, overlooking the Park:
fine views; house now building to be finished
in about 2 weeks; contains 6 rooms, bath, toi-
let, laundry and large basement: everything
dainty and up-to-date; a lovely home; pries
$3760; easy terms.
¦ Beautiful lota on College Heights, $800 to
$1200; liberal terms; long time.
NEW MODERN FLATS.*
Western Addition: choicest location; all rent-
ed and will stay rented; price $23,500; no less. ¦
WAREHOUSE. .: •-
Tenant wanted for flrst-cl— m warehouse to be
erected on Townsend st. In the heart of the
choicest warehouse district; will build to suit
a flrst-clasa tenant. \
GEORGE A. RAYMOND. Mills building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Oar bargains In Sunset attract many buyers.
Choicest graded lots with splendid view of
ocean and park from $800 to $900; $10 monthly.
$100 to $460— Immediately and see our
graded Ocean Boulevard lots, all fenced; near
cars; Installments.
Call at Sunset Branch OfflcV Ith are., near
H st, every day or Sunday. \ -\
$400 to $800— SNAPS IN RICHMOND LOTS.
i $100 to $250— Level lots near Misslon-st. elec-
tric car; $10 down, $5 monthly.
$860. $1000 to SKOO-4-room cottages, easy
terms, •
-. . .. SOL OET_ A BROTHER.
Room 64, Chronicle building.
SPECIAL. ZZZ"" 7 "" 7 \. . . ;-.~
$8500— Must sell; a bargain not equaled In the
« etty; pays 10 per cent; 3 elegant modern
flits, i and 7 rooms and bath each: every
; room sunny; key lot. 37:6x137:6: beautiful
garden front and rear; fine view; Grove
. st. > near Flllmore.
Best Investment on Mission St.. north aide, near
: Third; 38x160 through to Jessie; 3-story
. . frame Building; worth Immediate Investi-
,:"¦ gation. ".•
, DAVIDSON _ LEIGH.
| 319 Montgomery st.
FOR Sale— S-room and bath cottage.- furnished:
garden; high basement; eight car lines con-
.: venlent. 34*9 Twenty-sixth st., near Valencia.
BARGAIN— S2IOO. I terms: house. 9 rooms; I lota
,; to suit BHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
FOR Sacrifice ; handsome flats on Liberty
;. St.; choice location. ,- Owner, box 1890, Call.
— : -". :
REAL ESTATE— CITT SALS.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
.¦ . , . . 638 Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
¦« i.r; . AUCTION.
TUESDAY November 12. 1901
At 12 o'clock neon.
At our salesroom No. 633 Market it. ' -
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE. *"
South side (No. 1011) Haight st. 105 feet west
of Broderick; modern house of i rooms, batik
and hard finished basement; lot 25x120 feet
MODERN MISSION FLATS. ' ¦*
Southeast corner (Nos. 1201-1203) Sanchez and
Twenty-fifth sts.; 2 modern up-to-date flats I
consisting of 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, open
nickel plate plumbing.' tiled mantels and sinks,
etc.; rents $33 per month; lot 22:1Vix81:9 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 2030-2032) Lombard St.. 167.
feet east of Fillmore; 4 substantial flats of
5-1-4-4 rooms and bath and basement;, sunny
and in good condition; this property la on the
| boulevard connecting the Presidio with Van
i Ness aye.; always rented and desirable; rents
$65 per month; large lot 26:6x__:6 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) Nineteenth St.. 10$
feet west of Mission; 2 nice houses of 6 rooms
and bath with separate basements each; this
property is situated between Mission and Va-
lencia sts., which are the principal business
streets of the Mission; present Income $42 per
month; lot 25x83 ft.
JONES-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY. "
East side (Nos. 1506-1508-1510) Jones st. 35 feet ¦
north of Jackson; 2 modern flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath and one 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath; well located; fine neighborhood; lot
47x78:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. ¦
Southeast side (No. 459) Clementina St.. 127:61
feet northeast of Sixth; a substantial house
6 rooms and bath; 6-foot basement; lot 20x75.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1769) Post St.. 113:6 feet east
of Webster; substantial well-built house 9
rooms and bath; sun and light in every room;
lot 24x114:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE— ON
TERMS.
North side (No. 2518) McAllister St.. 156:t
feet west of Parker aye. ; modern cottage 7
rooms, bath and basement: lot 25x96:4 or terms,
$500 cash, balance as rent. ¦•*
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South side Vallejo St.. 165 feet west of Fill*
more; a magnificent building In an aristocratls
neighborhood commanding an elegant marina)
view; lot 55x137:6.
HOLLY PARK LOTS. •
North side of Rtchland aye.. 575 feet east of
South aye.; lots 35-36, Holly Park Tract; 2Sx_O
ft each.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.. \
638 Market B— .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
838 Market Street.
EAST OF POLK AND SOUTH OF BUTTER
STREETS.
$18. 000— modern flats of 7. 7, 8 rooms and
bath, and a cottage on rear street of
5 rooms apd bath; pays $1560 par an-
num; this being inside property, ]_
a gilt edge Investment, and the pres i
i ent low rentals can eaaily be raised;
key lot 27:6x137:8 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$9,7so— Three new modern flats of 6, 4, 7 rooms
and bath; north side of street; Just com- .
pleted; rent $1170 per annum, or 1 par
cent per month: a gilt edge perm__ent
Investment In a rapidly improving dis-
trict; lot 25x103 feet.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
MISSION STREET INSIDE OF 7TH STBSBT.
$14,000— Southeast line of Mission at., near new
postofflce; frontage of 35 fast; I houses
7 rooms and bath each; property In this)
block recently sold tor $600 per fro—
foot. •
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE. \,
ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
AT YOUR OWN PRICE.
Handsome cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
modern: on the north side of Waller st,
near Scott; no fog or wind; lot 29.*_C
137:6 feet; make offer.
MUST BE SOLD.
$3,7so— Handsome modern house of 7 rooms and
bath on a northeast corner near Tr «*g*«%
and Broderick sts. ; magnificent pano- 1
ramie view of San Francisco and •— T
shore cities; this property cost present
owner over $8060; a great opportunity
to make a quick turn; lot 28:_xSS:3 feet.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT. '
$3,750— F0ur well built flats of 4 rooms each:
only 7 years old; In the -fission warn,
belt: pays $420 per annum: always rent-
ed to a good class of tenants. la.-«» lot
28X1000 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION HOMS. C '
$3,250— Two-story house of 3 rooms ksy Ist:
Lyon st. near Sutter; lot 25xl_>:4 fast.
>¦
FINE BUILDING LOT.
$2250— Green st. , near Van Ness aye. . On* ssss
for flats.
EASTON. ELDRXDG-! ft CO. *
633 Market Street. . . t •
MADISON - BURKE,
v Established January. 1359.
REAL ESTATE AOSN
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPER
628 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
1 Eddy st. Inside of Hyde; large rcc_i— i_» ~
house; steady income: 25x137:6; $16, asked.
$19,500— Large residence on the Gsary-st MIL
Inside of Octavla; 18 rooms; sun on %a aides; .
large lot.
$9750— Grove St., near Webster: four Cats; -
rents $72 per month: lot 33x33 :_
$6250— Clay St., near Buchanan; 9 roc— — __d
bath; in good order; 27:2x127:_ .-.. '_. .
$5500— on Pleasant st., near Taylor?,
renting for $42 per month; this property .4 la
good order and Is always rented.
$12,000— Rents $1116 per annum: 6 good has*
window flats and lot, 39:<x97:6; inside property, j
Downtown corner; on Post st; stare*
and lodging-house. *
$3800— Very cheap corner; Church and VaUe_
sts.: store and flats: rents $36; only $3800.
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolor**)
at.; rent $340 per year. V\ . .-*
$5000— A nice sunny home; north line Bush st.
near Devisadero: 7 rooms and bath; lot 34x137:6.
Twenty-sixth st., near Castro; 3 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114.
v $2800— Mission home; Colling-wood st., near
Nineteenth: cottage and large lot 68— US.
Sanchex at.. NW.' corner Jersey; cot-
tags of 4 rooms; lot 30x100.
$2000— cottage home on Nineteenth st.
near Eureka; modern. 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
¦ • — — »
$4000— Valencia St.. near Twenty-fifth, partly
Improved; 36x90 to an alley.
$6500— Seventeenth St., near Dolores: 4 flats;
rents $69; lot 96:6x57:6: offered low to force sale.
MADISON ft BURKE.
- m Market st. •
LYON ft HOAO.
14 MONTGOMERY STRUT.
$20,000— A large corner lot. 57:6x87:6; close to
town, east of Jones, not far from Tost;
with good house of 13 rooms and bats;
— splendid location for hotel.
$4500— $42; two fine modern flats, 5 and I
6 rooms, bath, etc.. each: In splendid
repair; always rented; large lot. 21x114:
worth more. 5a j><fc»«*H ;
$3150— 5500 cash, balance $30 monthly; a brand-
new 2-story house, containing * rooms
' and bath and finished basement: all
rooms handsomely decorated and tinted;
:". . .V-^flne mantels: reversible window sashes:
lot 25x120; beat house In Sunset district;
south of Galden Gate Park. ' *
$3750— $40; two splendid bay-window flats,
near Park Panhandle: contain 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 23x100; this
Is a great big bargain. -
$33,500— business property within 3 blocks
of City Hall: a large corner lot. 55x96.
with Improvements In splendid repair:
- consisting of 1 stores and flats above;
always rented for $200. •
$12,000— Page st. close to Park; 3 handsome new
flats, containing 7 rooms and bath each:
-. total -rents,' $112 80; key lot; command-
¦ ing abundance of light and sun.
86290— A handsome up-to-date home- on Maple
St.. near Clay: Presidio Heights; 7 large
sunny rooms, bath, etc.; key lot; 35x
12:6.
•1750— Fine bay-window flats on Buchanan at. :
contain 5 and 6 rooms and. bath; sub-
! stantially built: always rented: splendid
neighborhood. ' . . - .
. $9000— Rent $87 60; three fine new flats: near ]
Park Panhandle: good location: good
building lot. 27:6 by good depth: each
flat contains 6 rooms, bath. etc. ; cheap-
est property on the market • >>' .
Send for our complete printed list tof prop-
erty for sale In all parts of the city.
LYON A HOAO.
14 Montgomery st.
$4400— A GREAT bargain: 23 lots in heart »f;
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 par lot
THE PHBLPS-LBWIS COMPANY.
. 396-3*6 Parrott building. : .
5-ROOM .house In Richmond: pantry; bath; s -"
fine. basement. Box HOP. Call offlce. -. '
For Additional Classified Adv«rtias> '
. nests See Page Forty-Tw* •,'
4142
REAL ESTATE— FOR SALE. \
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE ft CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery st
ELEGANT RESIDENCES.
(12.600 — aye.: modern residence. 7 bed-
- rooms. 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor.
MODERN FLATS.
58.000— Devisadero ft.; 2 modern flats; rents
140. lot 25x90 feet.
NEAR MARKET ST.
IT. 6oo— Oak st., near Market: 2 flats and cot-
tage; rents $53; lot 27:6x120 feet.
GRAND INVESTMENT.
iU.ooo— Mission st.: solid and substantial B-
etory frame building, store and lodging- i
house: rents $130; pays over 6 per cent
net; lot MKMnI feet
NEAR MARKET ST.
til. ooo— St.. near Jones; 2-story house. 8
rooms and bath: present rents nominal;
lot rSxIST:6 feet.
PRICE REDUCED.
fafJ.OOO— Price reduced from J12.G00; must be
sold; sunny side of Pine st: substantial
bouse of 12 rooms and bath: hardwood
floors; lanre lot SS:9xIST:6 feet.
INVESTMENT PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
l.Jjk— $18 monthly: $400 montgajre at 6
per cent car. remain, south of Market
t. Investment; close to Third and Bry-
ant *;.-
PRICE REDUCED.
14,239— Price reduced from J6000: corner resi-
dence, on best jiart of San Jose aye.; 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 30x137:6 feet.
SNAP IN INCOME PROPERTY.
12,000— Mission St.. near Ninth; dot 40x160 feet;
church building on Mission st. and two
dwelling bouses on Ninth.
WESTERN* ADDITION FLATS.
(7,ooo— Clay st near Baker: 2 modern flats. «
and I rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet
front a rare chance.
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
UtOOO— New flats: rents $14* 50 monthly: a very
good Investment. 6 tenants in all; lot
57:£x112:6 feet, rente are low and can be
Increased.
GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
(3.soo— Howard st., bet. 22d and 23d: substan-
tial residence of S rooms and bath; lot
25 xir: € feet.
CHEAP FLATS.
15,258— Cejip «.. bet. 22d and :SJ. 2 modern
fiats si 6. 7 rooms and bath; lot !€:Sx
122:6 feet
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
97,800— Jackson st.. near Marie; modern resi-
dence of S rooms and bath : lot 50x129
feet; rcust be sold.
MODERN COTTAGE.
|2,*iJ— No. S64S 21st near Church St.: modern
artistic cottage of 7 rooms and bath:
large lot 50 feet front by 114 feet;
grand view of the city; a positive bar-
is!- must be sold.
RESIDENCE.
fT — Lyoc st . near Page: modern and well-
built; » rooms and bath; rentinr at
present for SCI; lot 'xIOC feet.
BARGAIN.
Nineteenth st near Valencia. 2-story j
'¦- "ram* dwelling of 8 rooms and bath;
let 25r$* CMC; mortgage $15ft) can re
. sets.
CORNER.
I*2.5OO— NW. Tier of Oak St.. with store. I
J*.*.: and house; pays tIOO per month: lot
¦ 42-SxC3:S feet: rear Market St.; a snap :
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
•-'!*:» Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
ONE OF THE MOST ELEGANT HOMES ON
PACIFIC AVENUE
HAS BEEN PLACED IN OUR HANDS
FOR SALE
T"por. *rery ea*y terms and at a low rate of J
tsterert.
The house has been put in perfect condition I
¦ad has every modern convenience.
• The lot is €S:9xl?7:S l i ft in size, and com-
t&ar.di aa unobstructed view of the bay.
If preferred. t»ie bouse will be sold with 45
feet front
Terms will be made very easy: 10 per cent
¦ rash and the balance in yearly installments if '
Leslie a. siskins the monthly payments much •
lees than rent.
Tnl» property will steadily increase in price
: and is altogether one of the most desirable
•?'.»«?* every put In our hands for sale.
For full -particulars apply
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE * CO..
• .. Mills bldgr.. m-Tn Montgomery st
¦ . San Francisco. Cal.
— U. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST
Opposite Kearny.
Real E»tite Agents and Rent Collectors.
BTOO Cash — Balance 31300 mortgage can re-
taaln: 6-room cottage in the Mission; Twenty- i
fourth st. car line.
Jocec-st. flats; rents $41; lot 45 ft- :
¦ ¦ frontage "
. $4550— Tw0 modern flats; only half block
. from Market st : rents >«; cost nearly $7500. 1
$000— Ccrr.er; marine view; splendid Im-
¦v . JHWemer.tr: rents $60.
¦Ms— Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; »-
room house and lot.
'-'.' $10.000— XE. cor. Oak and Buchanan sis.;
substantial :: ->m residence: 42-ft. frontage.
t12..Ji — New Van Ness aye flats: rents
t!25: a ss.fe boy. •-
$16.5/io— Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings;
rents flu lot 27x115 ft.
tlS.ow— Leaven worth-st Investment; 6T-ft
front: rents $106; always rented.
- $19.500— Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6;
rented at $170.
$35,000— Corner close to Mercantile Library; :
lot &ix:_. 3 frontages; partly improved; rents '¦¦
$206.
$35. WJ— Mission st. near Fourth; rptendid
brick . structure elevator: good high base- i
ment: rent \2HJ; one tenant.
JW.OOO—Sutter-st corner; east of Jones;
•tores ani lodging-house* . »0 ft. frontage.
$42.000— Port-st. corner; downtown ; rents
J2-«0: C 7 ft- frontage.
Js%i«o— Corner, within 2 blocks from Market
and Mason, Ftp : 58 ft frontage; level and
just the ette for stores and apartment or
lodging-house.
r.:r>.'>*'— Market st.. near Taylor; 50 feet. I
splendid building: rents $760.
¦" . - ,¦¦¦ " A. M. SPECK & CO..
; •-" -•" . ¦ • 667 Market st.
WRIGHT & EWELL.
Real Estate and Financial Agents,
Loans. Insurance. 216 Montgomery st 1
•42,*.*— A prominent corner on Larkln St.; size
' . - ' f T<:*> feet; leased, pay; over 7 per i
cert net.
|lIJW>-E4d*r-sJt. investment: pays large net in- '
. ow.e; recently ImDroved; leased for a
terra of years.
Jt.OOO— Sutter-st. Investment; full-depth lot;
improved; further Improvements would
Increase Income largely
125. C00— Plr.«- «... W. of Leavenworth; lot. north |
. -' aide, :;x:TT:6. on car line; a splendid lo- I
cat! for lodging-house Improvement
SIXTEENTH AND tiUERRERO ETS.
Large It. :2t>xi7o ft . with fair improve-
ments; er-lenCid —.unity for development
DOLORES ST..
Between 15th and kM sts.; lot 100x150 ft.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
I Five lots can be bought at reasonable figure.
T7,Z/t— Shra<J<-r Et . near Waller st: lot 27:6 x
106, with 2 flats renting for $65 per
month.
$2,ooo— Xic* lot on- Pine St., west of Fillmore
St.; oM Improvements; rents now for
$20 per month: flats would pay well; a
bargain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful building lots, south side of Jack-
ron st
A GOOD-EIZED lot wanted to purchase on Va-
lencia, Miselor or Howard, bet Twelfth and
Twenty-third sts.: improved or vacant
W. J. fJCKK. 530 California st.
CHOICE building lots; mmny side of Union.
Joe« w«at from Pierce, on the slope of the hill
rising toward Scott; 25x110; if you are look-
ing for a cheap lot and in a choice location.
•Jimlnt these Z lots; nothing now so cheap
la the Western Addition: stone pavement;
basalt block*- street accepted; ready for
bullying; garden; loam on lots. For particu-
. ' lars and pri": call on
W. J. GL'NN. C2> California st.
CHOICE N.W. corner; the cheapest in the
Western Addition; 87:6x110; only $2750: street
work done and accepted: stone blocks and
pavement: a very desirable lot: in front of
m. beautiful home; pretty marine view; cars
pass; Just the location for renting flats or
building a pretty home; there Is a standing
offer of $3500 for the corner.
W. J. GUNN. C3O California at.
WESTERN Addition residence wanted to par-
chase: north of Pacific are., east of Lyon st.
or Presidio reservation to Van Ness aye. :
the buyer wants a marine view if possible
' and exftects a bargain.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
SOME choice lots in Richmond, north of the
Park where all the street work is done and
cars passing within a few steps; offered at
very low prices • not far out
W. J. OUNN. 180 California st.
TOR the Income; wanted to purchase, flats or
residence that Is now bringing in rental or
can be rented easily; In Western Addition or
Mission. W. J. GUNN. 680 California st.
FOR sale— 'New artistic homes; new plans; up-
to-date conveniences; finished in natural hard
woods; prices very reasonable; the public In-
vited to Inspect; located Masonic aye. and
Frederick at. ; owner on premises.
£NAP: beet corner in Richmond; N.E.
corner California st. and Fourth aye.; 32:6 x
17; motor line will soon change to electric.
F. R. ORANXIB. 127 Montgomery st.
FINE northwest corner of 23d and Dolores sts. ;
2-story building of t-room flat overhead and
store and 2 rooms downstairs; appraised In
estate at $5500. but will sell for $3900. Ad-
dress Owner, 464 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
C3CO EACH— Corner lots; Eugene aye.: frontage
• streets, graded; cash or Install, MS Jessie.
re ai. EgTATO—-CITT-— FOR samb.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO., "_'"_"'
205 Montgomery st.. opposite Mills building.
$25,000— Downtown business property; I stores
and > upper floors: large lot; best busi-
ness block on the street; rented well. .
$17.000— Post-sG business property; close to
Kearny st.: 2 stores and 2 upper floors;
handsome income; large lot.
$12,500— Rents $1362; five modern downtown flats:
easy walking distance Market and
Kearny; large main et.; 2 frontages.
$12,000— $1400; S new elegant modern flats;
choicest part Western Addtlon; key lot;
north side; lot 25x137:< feet.
$11,000— Business cor. : best retail street la West-
ern Addition; well improved; certain to
Increase in value immediately.
$S,soO— Three new elegant modern flats; best
part Mission; rents $925.
$6,73o— Residence 9 rooms and bath on Clay St., ,
nr. Polk; 25x137:6: choice neighborhood.
MAKE TOUR OWN PRICE.
Elegant modern residence. 6 rooms and
bath, servant* room, basement, etc.:
every modem convenience; must be sold
this week to highest bidder; Hatght St.,
nr. Pierce.
-Rents Mm l : four flats nr. 2d and Mis-
sion sts.: certain to increase in value
immediately.
3,500— Rlncon Hill flats: I fiats; large lot;
rents $420; a big bargain.
$2.600— Tw0 flats and cottage close to 16th-st.
cars; rents $2« per month.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st.. opposite Mills bldg.
FOR SALE— a whole or in subdivisions. 50-
vara lot, south line Union st.: 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce st?., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery st.
FOR Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; halt cash. 3022 Pierce st
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Sale I
THE CHOICEST BODY "*~ "~"~
of RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
2660 acres.
No waste sol!.
2800 acres under cultivation.
Remainder will be.
Net rental $5 to $7 per acre.
One and one-half hours '
From San Francisco,
By rail or water.
For sale
As a whole
. ¦ On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable parties.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IPS Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
VINEYARD. *
WINERY,
DISTILLERY.
In Napa County
150 acres.
300 acres resistant vines.
400.000 gallon cooperage.
Fine brick residence.
Price only $60,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
¦ IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco^ '
VILLA SITES
I In the heart
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS.
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building
sites in El Cerrtto we have been Instructed
by the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms— One-third cash, balance in one and !
i two years.. McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A highly Improved country home and Invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of 180
acres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest variety of resistant wine grapes. There
ia'a family orchard surrounding the buildings. >
The improvements consist of a large 12-room i
modern residence, with spring water piped ¦
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand- i
some grounds containing a large fish pond and >
fountain. There are b1«o stables and other j
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of the !
Santa Clara Valley. The wine Industry Is as- '
sured good prices for years to come and wine I
grapes are selling for $25 to W0 per ton. which '
makes a resistant vineyard an investment prop-
osition. This property is worth your Immediate
investigation. For full Information call on or
' address McAFEE BROTHERS,
, 101 Montgomery gt , San Francisco.
' REDWOOD timber lands. In lots to suit, st
from $5 to $5 per acre. Far particulars call
on or address ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California st.
FOR Rent— Ranch. 200 acres in the redwood,
on main road, 14 miles west of Uklah: small
house; barn and orchard: about 30 acres
cleared and fenced for cultivation, rest in |
redwood and oak timber; school there; rent
only $100 year. ROTHERMEL & MEH-
RELL. 507 California st.
! JSOO— RANCH. 160 acres, with house and barn";
orchard; 10 acres for cultivation, rest in pas-
ture and wood land; school near; C miles
from Uklah.
$22"*— Stock ranch. 700 acres. In the hills
west of Uklah: house, barn, etc.: Includes
horses, cattle, hogs and all implements; rare
1 bargain
$3)oo— Ranch. 24 acres, with good bouse,
barn and orchard, on Russian River.
$900— Ranch, 56 acres, with house and barn,
sear St. Helena; a snap. Apply to
ROTHERMKL & MERRELL.
fi California st.
f4.v>— BARGAIN; corner lot In Stockton, 50x150; !
4-room hard-finish bouse: large barn; 2 wells, :
windmill; good chicken ranch; only 3 blocks '
', from electric cars.
$600— Lot 100x150. In Stockton, with almost
, new house of 3 rooms, barn, etc. ; only 2 blocks ;
l from cars and 5 minutes from business center; ,
: also acreage tracts close to Stockton, both
I improved and unimproved. C. F. MOGUL*. .
' Ml Market st . room 6.
i $750— ONE acre of fine land In the town of Lodl,
San Joaquln County, with 7-room hard-fin-
ished house, barn and -outbuildings; 2 wells
and windmill.
$1600—10 acres, highly Improved, near Stock-
ton; house, 4 rooms, barn. 2 wells, windmill
' orchard, etc. C. F. MOORK, 935 Market St.,
i San Francisco.
$33)0— MUST be Bold; • acres, fruit and poultry
farm In AlanWa County, close to R. R. de-
pot; level land: all In Al orchard: house, 6
rooms; barn, fine large fruit house: 1000-gal-
lon tank; can Irrigate any part of the place;
all farming Implements and tools; good horse,
wagons and 300 poultry: get particulars of this
genuine bargain. 11. H. CRANE, 508 Califor-
nia st.
ATTENTION HOMESEEKERS. "
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In In-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain ami
stock farms, many of which are bank fore- :
closure, that we ha\-e for Bale. Mr. Bush hav-
ing hid forty years* knowledge and experience
of th» value of land* and being the owner of an
Income producing orchard and vineyard, can In-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State.
DAVID BUSH «V SON. 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP little home In town, Alameda County;
extensive poultry houses and yards; house for
1000 pigeons; real estate, personal property,
all for $700. Call COS California St., room 2.
A— SIO9,OOO— GRAND olive, fruit and stock
ranch; 1820 acres; all level; irrigation; con-
venient to San Francisco: 13.000 bearing olive
trees. 12,000 bearing fruit trees; fine improve-
ments, tools and teams; big Income proposi-
tion; cost $150,000 10 years ago; now worth
$240,000; part cash, part Ban Francisco realty.
Owner. 2740 Pine St.. Ban Francisco.
A CHEAP little ranch of SO acres. 2 mile* from
R. R. town, Alameda County; house, barn,
poultry houses, etc.; plenty good water; get
particulars of this. 11. 11. CItANE. 508 Cali-
fornia st.
FOR SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO — —
Small tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value, assured, as
San Francisco Is gi swing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phleta and Information. •
494 ACPES near railroad, Alameda County; a
very superior tract of land, with abundance of
water, fine residence and outbuildings; this is
well worth the attention of any one desiring a
profitable home farm convenient to this city.
H. H. CRANE. SOS California st.
FOR rent for a term of years— acres adjoin-
ing Santa Rosa, Sonoma County; under high
cultivation; everything complete. 1338 Market.
COUNTRY hotel and resort, close to R. R. de-
pot, Alameda County; convenient to this city;
hotel of 21 rooms and cottage, stable, etc.. and
embracing 214 acres of land; price with furni-
ture complete $5500. H. H. CRANE, 608 Cali-
fornia st.
$860— HOUSE, barn, chicken houses; on So-
noma Creek: 6 minutes from station; fine
land; easy terms. J. T. PETERS, 11 Mont-
gomery st. - -¦ -
6-ACRE tracts near Point Richmond and
Berkeley; $150 to $200 per acre. W. B.
EASTIN. 401 California St., Ban Francisco.
A BEAUTIFUL and productive home near
Haywards, Alameda County; 18 acres nearly
all in full bearing orchard (none better); sur-
roundings first class; sightly and beautiful
location; modern residence, etc. this choice
piece of property must be sold to close estate
i interests: price $7500 for immediate sale. 11.
H. CRANE, 601 California st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
RBAXt ESTATK— JQOPWTBT— Fog I>lsj
$3500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222, Call office. . -
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WIN FIELD. Petaluma. CaL
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE}.
$5500— RANCH. 40 acres, with good house, barn
and orchard, near Petaluma; exchange on
city property. "
Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath,
lot 60x150, nice location, near Chestnut-st.
Button, Alameda; exchange on city property
and pay cash difference.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
607 California et. '
A BLOCK (80 lots), covered with ornamental
trees, Just north of Inglestde, to exchange for
house and lot or ranch. Box 1976. Call office.
¦ /
160 ACRES of heavy sugar pine timber to ex-
change for city property. Box 1977. Call.
TO exchange— Property located In Oakland ana
Santa Cruz for Seattle property. W. M., box
80, Santa Cru«.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
V 1 MED A REAL ESTATE. -^
MUST BE SOLD to settle an estate.
GREAT SACRIFICE OF PROPERTY.
See- us this week. Great bargains offered.
$1100— 4-room cottage; large lot.
$1500— 5-room cottage; lot 50x150.
$2150— Elegant 6-ropm modern cottage; cor-
ner lot
$2500—8 rooms and bath; large lot; cost $4000.
$2750—7 rooms and bath; choice location; fine
lot.
$3000—5 rooms and bath; San Jose aye. ; cost
85000.
FORECLOSURE.
Taken under foreclosure, a fine 5-room cot-
tage to be sacrificed.
Secure a home now and save 25 per cent.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$1000— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and basement;
lot 25x150; near Morton Station.
$2200— 8-room cottage, pleasant home;
lot 40x120; cost $3300; choice location; easy
I terms. Other bargains In Alameda. Call on
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 607 California.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; H cash. Bank ot Ala.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year. |
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottages at Golden Gate,
Lorln. Ashby and Berkeley stations; lot 45x
100- 1 block to train and electric cars; por-
celain bath, tiled sink, tinted walls, gas fix-
tures; sewer and water all connected; only
$200 down, balance less than rent, only $20
per month. W. C. MORAN & CO. •
$3500 WILL build 8-room house In the beau-
tiful Wheeler Tract; street work all done;
cement walk all around house; have made
arrangements for I to be built to advertise
the tract; only $500 down, balance same as
rent. W. C. MQRAN & CO.
6-ROOM cottage; lot 50x130; 2 blocks to
cars: $50 down, balance $10 per month. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1200— $200 CASH, balance $13 per month; 8
rooms, barns and chicken houses, fruit tree*,
berry vines, etc.; 1 block to cars; lot 100x120.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots. $10 cash, balance $10 per
month. W. C. MORAN A CO.. Lorln station I
and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
ALL in east BERKELEY.
$550— Nice lot (only one). 40x125; all street i
work done; three blocks of U. C.
$Ss'>— Fine lot in Hlllegass tract (only one). I
$1650— Choice lot east of Fulton, north of
! Haste.
$?joO— Elegant lot on Durant aye.
$2100— 6-room cottage, nearly new; 3 blocks
of university.
$2500— Nice new 6-room house, near station.
$3000— New modern 7-room house, near station. I
$4000— New modern 8-room house. In Hlllegass
: tract.
$55,000— Substantial house of 18 rooms; close
, to university.
LYMAN ALLEN, '
| 2129 Center St.. Berkeley.
' BERKELEY HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
I have cozy homes, convenient to cars, sta-
: tion, etc.. of 6. 6. 7. 8 and 9 rooms, varying in
! price according to size, location, lot, etc., from
, $1400 to $8500; also larger and more expensive
, homes; some real snaps; terms arranged to
suit.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS!
Now is the time to Invest your surplus coin
in land. Sure to make money if you do. Bar-
gains to be had that may double within 2
years. ' H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
14500— HANDSOME modem 1-story 7-room and
bath; lot 50x125; choice location near univer-
sity; Includes the elegant furniture; half
cash.
Jl4oO— Fine corner. 50x125 In Scenic aye.
8900— Corner, 48x115; Telegraph aye.
$«500— Income property near university;
large house, 22 rooms; lot 50x110; rents $700 '
year.
$2500— New 6-room cottage on Installments.
ROTHERMEL A MERRKLL. 607 California. ,
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of •
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
- ' Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$4000 WILL buy a - good, modern house of 7 ¦
rooms, close to the university, or an 8-room i
house In Scenic Park or In the Hlllegax* '
Tract MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center St.. j
Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly ,'
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the .
United States or Canada one year for $1. ,
postage paid.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
1 HI IT\ AI.K RBAL ESTATE.
THE HOME BUILDING' COMPANY.
$4<*— House, 4 rooms; plastered; large lot: all
fenced; 2 blocks from Haywards car line;
Elmhurst.
House, 7 rooms and bath; large lot;
chicken houses: barn;, flowers and fruit;
no payment down; Just $8 40 per month;
2 blocks from Haywards car. line; Elm-
l.urn.
$1000 — House. 5 rooms and bath: 3 blocks from
Fruitvale aye.; lot 112x112 feet; barn;
terms reasonable. -
$ICO0 — New bakery and 6 rooms: right at sta- I
tion; brick bake oven cost $400; a good
business opportunity; terms to suit.
— Houre. 6 rooms and hath; high basement:
one block from Frultvale station, on
Fruitvale aye.; $200 cash, balance $18 per
month.
$1200— House, 6 rooms; corner lot 45x145; $16 80 I
per month will buy this home.
$1600 New and modern house, 6 rooms and
bath: one block from Fruit vale aye. car;
this Is mortgage price; terms to suit.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale aye., south of
< railroad track.
Office open from 8 to 10 a. m.— All day Sun-
days.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICE for a quick sale; comfort-
able modern Knxtlake cottage with ball),
double bay window, hall, high basement and
brick foundation; lot 4.1x100 (note the size):
very sunny; half block from public parkr 3
minutes' walk from Clinton Htalon; vety
select residence location; neighborhood and
surroundings the very best; street work com-
plete and stone walks, laid; house alone Is
Insured for $1750; rents for- $l5 per month;
must be seen to be appreciated; never before
offered for sale;' a special bargain and wili
stand . a close Investigation. '
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. -
$2500— ELEGANT modern Kast.lak*? cottage of
6 large rooms; high basement; lirlck founda-
tion; double parlors; modern. plumbing, etc.;
all In fine condition; right down town, within
easy walk of narrow gauge depot; $250 down,
balance $25 or $30 per month; discount for
spot cash. ' . "
OEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
10C8 Broadway. Oakland.
ELEGANT modern • 2-story Eastlake
house of 8 large rooms with modern, open
plumbing, porcelain tub; natural curly red-
wood interior finish; first class In every re-
spect; complete to a detail; lot 46 feet front;
sunny side; elevated ground; close to Tele-
* gr * ph aye. OEO. "W. AUSTIN & CO..
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO.,
_^ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
100 ACRES near. Nlles. $6000; good house; bear-
Ins; orchard; unlncumbered; will rent, sell
or exchange for city Improved. WYMAN
LAND CO., 1137 E. Fourteenth St., near
Twenty-third aye., Oakland. ¦ .
BAKERY and confectionery for I rent: also
restaurant; good location; grocery and meat
market; small cottages and flats, nr. 23d aye.
Wyman Land Co.. 1187 E. 14th St., Oakland.
1250 CASH, $6 60 monthly; hard finished; cozy
cottage of 8 rooms, high basement; food well
of water; 2 fine lots, 60x100; all fenced, soil,
climate the very best; grand view; near school
and electric car lines; close to boulevard and
i social ball; adjoining East Oakland: 100 faml-
i lies, . surrounding good people; price In all
i 8760. Call or send for circular. 466 Seventh
st, opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free, H, Z. JONES, owner.
r ¦¦ .ATT?. .'¦•¦ . ¦.i . .-¦. _-¦¦:.¦;;•'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WEBSTER STREET LOTS
WEBSTER STREET LOTS '
. WEBSTER STREET LOTS
Prospect Avenue Lots ' I
Prospect Avenue Lots ,
Prospect Avenue Lots
Merrlmac Street Lots
Merrimao Street Lots
Merrlmac Street Lots
Choicest residence property in Oakland.
Between the Telegraph avenue and the
Broadway electric car fines.
All lots above street grade.
Street work all done.
This beautiful property Is a portion of the
Borland property, never before offered • for
Bale. s f . .
The following prominent people are a few
of the residents of this district:
¦ Hon. W. R. Davis. City Auditor A. H.
Mr. Wm. Moller. Breed.
Mr. Henry Pierce. Mrs. J. W. Stevens.
Dr. Oilman. Rev. W. C. Bartlett.
Mr. Warren Olney. Mr. I. A. Chase.
Dr. H. G. Thomas.
For prices and maps apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO. (INC.).
Agents,
903 Broadway. Oakland. "•¦
BERKELEY LOTS
BERKELEY LOTS
BERKELEY LOTS
BERKELEY LOTS
Fronting Telegraph Avenue
Telegraph Avenue
"Telegraph Avenue -
Alcatraz Avenue'
Alcatraz Avenue
. Alcatraz Avenue
Harmon Street
Harmon Street
Harmon Street
$300 $300 $300
$300 $300 1300
$300 $300 $300
and upward.
School opposite property.
I Five minutes' walk to local train to San
Francisco.
. Electric cars pass property.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. (INC.),
903 Broadway. Oakland.
NON-RESIDENT; authorized immediate
sacrifice of elegant Vernon Heights home,
near Senator Perkins'; recently cost $9000; 8
rooms*, elaborately decorated, elegant fitting*; !
| $800 worth elegant new carpets 4 months old; i
beautiful grounds; large double lot, 60x24u;
stable; mortgage $&000; buyer that secures
this gets a perfect home at a sacrifice.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$300 CASH, $40 per month; beam celling black
and red finished dining-room: 8 rooms; new;
! everything the latest; superb elite location;
! close In; only one left; extra choice neighbors.
• Special Sale. See at Once.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$18.600— SNAP: finest business corner in Berke-
ley; will be worth some day $30,000; old Im-
provements produce $900 per annum; worth
to-day $25,000; beautiful Investment.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
| 460 and 4«2 Eighth st.. Oakland.
' Absolutely one of the best offerings
! ever offered In Oakland; palatial residence
: one year old; cost $25,000; grandly situated.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
NEW — received. Improved.
$1750— Bargain; adjoining Linda Vista; fine
cottage; C rooms; 33x155; street complete.
$3000— Rents $50 month; fine modern flats.
. $2000— 6-room cottage, llth and Market st*.
$4000— Myrtle St.; 10-room home; 50x125.
32860— cash; Adeline ata. ; new; 6 rooms.
Lakeside district: 12 rooms: a sacrifice.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
NEW— received. Unimproved.
$3000— Linda Vista Terrace; the choice cor-
ner left; 100x126; grandly situated.
$1000— Telegraph and 2Sth; extra
choice: 30x120: superb surroundings.
Formerly $2500; loth aye.; choicest
block: elevated: 50x150; $5000 home adjoining.
$386— San Pablo aye. and 30th; 25x125.
J76o— Snap; less than $6 foot; corner; 160 x
135; near Berrynfan station, Berkeley; choice.
$700— Lot 25x100; 1 block Market station.
$2750— choicest centrally located lot in
Oakland for fiats; 60x100.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices 4«0 and 462 Eighth si. Oakland.
GRAY'S BARGAINS.
Klegant • new colonial house of 9 rooms,
laundry and bath; furnace; electric lighting;
combination fixtures; beam ceiling In dining-
room; elegant location; Nob Hill of East Oak-
land: 200 feet from car line; a complete home;
' lot 50x150.
$3500 for beautiful new modern 7-room
house; front parlor, back parlor, dining-room
1 and kitchen downstairs, with 3 elegant bed-
i rooms on second floor; plate glass windows;
nickel plated plumbing; lot 39x100; situate on
corner of one of our most prominent streets;
this house Is all that can be desired; cheap al
M* G. B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth st.
! BOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sale.
; Lodging-houses.
Oroesry stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Kl.'ty good farms fur sale: some for exchange.
Bu.tners property paying 6 per cent net on
¦ Investment.
Colony property from 10 to 25.000 acres.
Tlilrty-pago catalogue of California homes.
Large tint: may exchange.
, Ke-« K. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 953 Broal-
| way, Oakland.
j A MILLIONAIRES HOME. I
Offered because he has gone East.
$20,000— House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built
1900; every modern convenience; Ideal In
every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
lot 75x175; prominent corner; 1001 Grand St.,
N.E. corner San Jose aye.. In Alameda, near
local train to 8. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
erty; key at office.
8. M. DODGE ft SON.
160 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
HIS Broadway: telephone Main JO.
I $1600— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; nearly
new. 960 Park way, near Clinton station.
East Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for & c*nts-The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
' OAKLAND HOK9KS TO ¦ 1 - IB Tr--...
OAKLAND HOUSES FOR RENT.
$20— Desirable fiat. 5 rooms, near station.
$20— 5-room cottage, near Broadway.
$18— «-room cottage, central: vacant 15th.
$20— 2-story, 8 rooms; near local.
$25— Choice furnished cottage. 8 rooms.
O. W. AUSTIN ft CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR Rent— Large house and grounds In. Linda
> Vista Terrace tract. Oakland: Piedmont cars
pas- the door every few minutes. 8. J. TAY.
LOR. Realty Syndicate. II Sansome st.. r. 12.
OAKLAND FURNITURE} FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL PaTTATPBI.
MILL VALLEY. CAL.. PROPERTY.
To rent— s4o: 9 rooms and bath; furnished;
by the year; at Millwood station; an elegant
hojr.e.
$2. >; 7 rooms and bath; furnished; by the
year; Millwood station. / ¦¦
$10; large orchard; house 3 rooms: lot SOOx
300; suitable for chicken range; Millwood sta-
tion.
$22 60; € rooms and bath: unfurnished: near
Mill Valley depot; sun all day; fine view of
bay and Ban Francisco. ¦
$500— Lot 57x130 feet; near school; sun all
day; choice; 6 minutes to train.
Choice Improved and unlmoroved ¦ property
for sale; terms reasonable. ¦¦¦¦ .
Apply S. N. ROBERTS. .
Real Estate and Insurance.
Mill Valley. Cal.
ROOMS WAITED. I' >
ROOM wanted in urivate family by young
traveling man; must be front, with modern
conveniences \ and •at moderate rental; no
boarding-house; give .full particulars; refer-
ences exchanged. Address box 1796, • Call, i
YOUNG lady, employed, i wishes . sunny, unfur-
nished or partly furnished room; Western
Addition; within 7 blocks of Bush and Van
Ness aye. Box 1981, Call office.
REFINED couple, no children, want in German
< speaking family 3 rooms and kitchen; state
price,- Box 1970, Call office. : * , , ;
gBWIIfQ MACHINES AW P SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1134; 105 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 46. 145 Ith.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN aye., 102, off Polk St., bet Bush and
Pine— Three sunny housekeeping rooms.
BIRCH aye., 27, off Larkln, Grove and Fulton—
2 housekpg. rms. ; gas, bath and phone ; cheap.
CAPP, 942 A, near Twenty-fifth— Nice upper flat
of 4 sunny rooms and bath; nicely furnished;
cheap; no children.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished room on first
floor for family with children; large grounds.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets, stove, bath; private; $1 50 a week.
FOLSOM, corner Ninth— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms, $11; also others.
HOWARD, 728 — 2 housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle front room: reasonable.
HOWARD, 1065— 2 sunny completely furnished
front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights.
HOWARD, 2381— Three sunny well furnished
rooms with yard, $12; - rooraß, $10; adults.
LARKIN, 819% — Sunny front alcove room and
large housekeeping; gas. bath, phone.
LINDEN aye., 316— Large sunnny front room
for light housekeeping; also single rooms.
OAK, 119—2 front basement rooms; furnished
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $7 and $10.
O'FAR,RELL, 128, cor. Powell— A nice room,
$4; upstairs; near the Orpheum.
SUITK of three or four handsomely furnished
rooms with privilege of liuht housekeeping;
refined private family; Western Addition;
phone Jackson 981. Box ISO",, Call office.
VALENCIA, 128— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room with kitchen; adults; private family.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; gas, bath and
washtubs; In warm belt.
ROOMS TO LET- — Fora, and Unturn.
IHE HOLLAND. Apartments. 1007~Bush St..
near Jones — Housekeeping rooms en suites of
2, 3. 4 or 5; furnished or not as desired; fine
location; near car lines; all modern conven-
iences; terms on application.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AROYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A SUNNY suite and glnglea. neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton it.
BRADY, 39, off Market— 2 sunny rooms, fur-
nlshed. $o and $8 per month; private family.
BURNETT, 14M Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mascn— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
KLLIS, 771— New, clean and homelike rooms,
with privilege of kitchen.
| ELLIS, 922— Nicely furnished room with pri-
vate bath attached.
fOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient: baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FULTON, 1747—2 newly furnished sunny rooms;
modern improvements; refined, quiet family;
near Golden Oate Park; gentlemen preferred;
terms reasonable.
GEARY. 403. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
OBARY, 81^ flat I—3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent $10.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
sas, bath, single or suites.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly .first-class;
tOe per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single. $2; suites. $3 50 per week;
newly renovated; elevator; baths.
I LARKIN, 404— One sunny front room, suitable
for gentlemen only; reasonable.
LARKIN, 408— Sunny single room; private
house.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms: $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 835— Large sunny furnished room; 1 or Z
cents; references,
POST. E2BA— A sunny suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; opposite Olympic Club.
POWELL, 131. near Baldwin lot— Front rooms
to Ut.
ROYAL House. 12< Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 15c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHE RUAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
nesr Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BIXTIEENTH. JWJsA-Two newly furnished
sunny front rooms.
BUTTER. 320H (The Btanford)-Bultes from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient
TO rent— Sunny unfurnished double parlor,
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking
parlor. 34 Octavla st.. corner Halght.
TWENTY-THIRD, S37<— Nice furnished room:
private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fcUbKcripttons has been established at 1096
Valencia ft
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• 'all. 16 pas***, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA. 20th and Mission—^.'ewly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
cial rates; first-class board If desired.
FOH two; exceptional table; private family:
car line; Western Addition. Phone Pine 46.
GUERRERO, 104, block from Market— Elegant
sunny suite, fur. or unfurn. ; terms reasonable.
GITERRERO, 104 — Large sunny single rooms;
running water; use bath; terms reasonable?
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
POST. 1414, 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
rooms with board; newly furnished; hotel ex-
perience.
THE CORBIN. 8M Suiter— Rooms single and
en suite: private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter-Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las PalmasTlB2o~Market— Suite J or 3
rooms, bath; board optional: single rooms.
WANTED at 2026 Pine st., a few first -iMais
boarders with references.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB p»(TP«. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
BITTIHE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at RUNTEITS SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Hubert Schneider. Xl, 731 Ivy avenue, and
Elty SHltcr, 40, 731 Ivy avenue.
Oeorge Browne, 22, 166 Han Carlos avenue,
and Ooldle M. Foss. 19, city.
Benjamin F. Hedrlck, 50, 339 Sixth street,
and Isabella J. Rodger*, 26, 339 Sixth street.
Washington S. Sorensen, 26. 154 Tehama
street, and Theresa M. Jones, 27. lf>4 Tehama.
Charles H. Somerlad, 27, 1800 Stockton street,
and Carrie V. Mtngham, 21. si:,'. Filbert st.
Richard A. Stanley. 31. 3631 Twenty-first
street, and Annie R. Hlggins, 26, 3631 Twenty-
first street.
Hermann P. T. Frey. 31. 1401 Ellis street, and
Frieda Barthold, 23, 14 Woodward avenue.
Ben Santos, 30, 625Vt Oroen street, and Por-
firla Mireno, 28, 625>,i Green street.
Frederick K. Over. 27. 2108 Taylor street, and
Anna C. E. Bchnelder, 23, 726* Union street.
Albert H. Malaney, 35. Tlllamonk, Or., and
Lulu E. Malaney, 2.1, Tlllamook, Or.
Bruce B. Craig, 30, 437 Golden Gate avenue,
and Julia M. Doyle, 22, 437 Golden Gate aye.
Frank Gelsser, 29, 1470 San Bruno avenue,
and Mary Stelner, 19, 1470 San Bruno avenue.
John Kewnlg Jr., 24, C 9 Prospect avenue, and
Ida Frellert. 27. 221 Day street.
Abel Ervln. 24, 833 Mission atreet, and Rosie
Maclel. 24. Melrose.
Alamsnder N. Copeey, 37, city, and Neva
M. Swain, 25, city.
Daniel D. Tompklns. 23, Presidio, and Grace
O. Grimes, 22, Presidio.
Henry Spltsenberir, 46, city, and Belle Dud-
ley. 41, city.
William H. Mullen. 41. 1234 Mission street.
and Neta Johnson. 29. 1744 Market street.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have ths same published.
BORN.
BRANGWIN-In this city, October SO, 1901. to
the wife of Thomas Brangwln, a daughter.
DEAN— In this olty, November 7, IML to ths
wits of A. P. Dean, a daughter.
GOULDEN— In this city, November 7. 1901, to
the wife of M. Goulden, a son.
KENNEY— In this city, October 14. 1901. to the
wife -of Theodor Kenney, a daughter.
LOYD— In this city, October 4. 1901, to the
wife of Norbert E. Lloyd, a son.
MACPHAIL— In Oakland. November 7. 1901. to
the wife of Captain A. Macphall. a daugh-
ter. 
REID— In this city. October 12. 1901, to the
wife of James D. Reid, a daughter.
SUMMERVILLE— In this city. November 6.
1901. to the wife of Edward Summervllle, a
son. ¦ •
MARRIED. %
KELLOM— TRACY— this city. October 31,
• 1901, by the Rev. R. C. Foute. Arthur Kel-
lom and Ada Tracy, both of San Francisco.
MALANEY— In this city, Novem-
ber 9, 1901, at Golden West Hotel, by the
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Albert Harold
Malaney and Lulu Ethel Malaney, both of
Tlllamook, Or.
STEELE— MURPHY— In this city, November
9. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Henry Charles Steele and Mamie Murphy,
both of San Francisco.
DIED. 1
Baker. Mary H. Melrose. Mary H.
Benard, Mary L. Mengola. Domlnico
Black. Sarah L. ' Meyer. Louis
Collins. Ahn'e H. O'Donnell. Mary J.
Cox. Bart S. Olson. Lars
Cunningham, Bridget O'Nell. Margaret
Daly, Jcs.>Dhine S. Peterson. James
Eldred. Mary K. Petroschka. Emil
Everlngton, J. W. Schulthels, Henry
Glendlnnlng, Alden Thayer, Kathrine
Goldstein. William Valencia. Clnama Z.
Jacobsen, Andreas Wallace. Charles D.
McArdle. Owen Wiasel. Albert J.
Macomber. Horace ¦
BAKER— In this city, November 8. 1901.' Mary
Harriet Baker, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles and Mary Agnes Baker, and beloved
sister of Grace Ellen and Henry Beachem
Baker, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months. >
1 ICyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 96 Fair Oaks street, corner
Twenty-second. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 10:15 o'clock funeral car from Twen-
ty-second and Guerrero streets.
BENARD— In Oakland, at the residence of her
daughter. 1003 Center street. Mary Louise
Benard, beloved mother of A. F. Benard an.l
Mrs. B. H. Buzzo. a native of France, aged
81 years 1 month and 20 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Tenth
street, Oakland. The remains will then be
conveyed to the Oakland ferry leaving the
mole at 2 o'clock, thence by San Mateo eleo-
trlc cars to Holy Cross Cemetery, starting
from Oakland ferry in this city at 2:20
o'clock.
BLACK— In this city, November 9, 1901, Sarah
L. Black, aged 64 years.
COLLINS— In this city, November », 1901, An-
nie Honora. beloved wife of George Collins,
and sister of Mary Ellen Glenn, a native of •
Buffalo, N. V., aged 39 years and 11 months. •
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 67 Henry street, off Sanchez, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COX— In this city. October 2L 1901. Bart S.
Cox, beloved husband of Carrie Cox. a native i
of Illinois, aged 39 years 11 months and 23 I
days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlor* i
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter- I
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train , from Third and Townsend
streets.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, November 8. 1901.
Bridget Cunningham, dearly beloved wife of j
Francis J. Cunningham, and loving mother ,
of James J. and Elizabeth and the late I
Mary, John and Ellen Frances Cunningham, !
a native of County Louth. Ireland, axed 53
years 9 months and 29 days.
v CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2237 Powell street, thence to St. Fran- |
els Church for services. Interment Holy I
Cross Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. November 9. 1901. Jo-
sephine 8.. beloved wife of James M. Daly,
and daughter of Ada Olfers and the late
Andrew Salines, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 8 months and 18 days.
ELDRED— In this city. November 9. 1901. Mary
E. Eidred. dearly beloved wife of William
Kldred. a native of lowa, aged 42 years.
EVERINGTON— At Jaro. Pana". P. 1.. March I
1, 1899, J. Wesley EverUucton. husband of i
Nettle A. Norton Everlngton. and father of ¦
Ethel J. Everlngton. a native of England.
Interment National Cemetery. Presidio,
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock.
GLENDINNING— In this city. November 8.
1901. Alden. beloved son of Harry H. and
Ethel L. Glendlnnlng. and brother of Lloyd
Glendlnnlng. a native of San Francisco, aged
S years 4. months and 3 days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 19 Willow avenue, off Larkin street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. November 9. 1901.
William, beloved husband of Eda Goldstein. '
father of Jesse, son of Virginia and the late
Emanuel L. Goldstein, and brother of San-
ford L. Goldstein, Mrs. J. Frowenfeld. Mrs.
I. S. Ackerman. Mrs. I. H. Ackerman and
Mrs. A. Stelnbercer. a native of San- Fran-
cisco, aged 46 years 8 months and 2 days. |
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1721 Pacific avenue. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock.
JACOBSEN— In Oakland. November 8. 1901.
Andreas Jacobsen. father of Mathlas Jacob-
sen and Mrs. C. C. Andersen, a native of
Sondeiborg. Alsen. aged 74 years 11 months
and 14 days.
17 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 452 A street. North Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
McARDLE— In Santa Ro«a. November 8. 1901.
Owen, brother of Peter and Simon McArdle. :
a native of Crossmaylen. County Armagh.
Ireland, aged 59 years.
MACOMBER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, November 9. 1901. Horace Macomber. a
native of California, aged 66 years.
MKLROSE— In this city. November 8. 1901.
Mary Hinton. beloved wife of J. W. Melrose.
mother of May C. and James R. Melrose. and
sister of Richard L. Condon, a native of St.
I -mils. Mo., aged 54 years 9 months and 15
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the First New
Jerusalem Church. O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Ftllmore. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MENGOLA— In Oakland. November 9. 1901.
Domlnlco. beloved husband of Catherine Men-
sola, and father of D. George and Frances
Mengola. a native of Dalmatla. Austria, aged
64 years 5 months and 12 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1012 Peralta street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
MEYER— In Oakland, November 6, 1901. Louis
Meyer, a native of Colmar. Alsace, axed S3
I years.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
nt Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OnOXNELL— In this city. November S. 1901.
Mary J.. beloved wife of Joseph E. O'Don-
nell. «i native of San Francisco.
a7"Frlentls are respectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 12:15
o'clock, from her late residence. 102 Baker
street, thence to St. Agnes Church for ser-
vices, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
, OLSON— In Alameda, Lars Olson, beloved
> father of May Farsberg. and grandfather of
' Addle Olson and Belma. Minnie. Herbert and
Annie I.undbenr. a native of Sweden, aged
7 years 6 months and 8 days. •
O'NEIL— In this city. November 9. 1901, Mar-
garet O'Neil. beloved wife of the late John
O'Neil. and mother of C. C. and John O'Neil
anil Mrs. Mary Desmond and Mrs. Ellen
Green of Charleston. Mass.. a- native of Ire-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan St Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mxr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth . St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. ¦
OFFICE »l 6 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opene-1 I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. j
. UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
• 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND IMBALMIRB.
_ElnejLt_Equjp_ment_at Moderate Rates. ~
I Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS. I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. I
. $1 EDDY STREET. • ' ' I
Telephone South 253. Ban Francisco. I
_N^J-gnnertjnn_Wlth Any Other House. I
NEW FIRM OP V NDBRTAKB RB.
Samuel McFaddan. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Oreen, ¦ late with J. C. O'Con-
1 nor & - Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
i and Eighth. . Telephone South 44.
land, aged 77 years I months and IS days.
(Boston, Mass.. papers please c°Py.)_-.
ETFrtends and acquaintances sxo resTpsct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the ."f^en^®*
her son-in-law. Felix P. Desmond. 2SBjChest-
nut - street, thence to Si- Francis Church.
where a solemn requiem high mass win ds>
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery. : _ ___
PETERSON-In this city, November 7. MM.
James Peterson, a native of Norway. «*•« •
51 years.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are , respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral **-«*£
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from *^f_J_« x - o __;
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I— a-
rel Hill Cemetery. m „__.
PETROSCHKA-In this city. November*. 19W.
Emll, beloved husband of Lilly Pwtroscftka
("nee Josselyn). and father of Gertrude, Myr-
tie, Rudolph and Helen Petroschka. a native)
of Mamel. Germany, aged 47 years 11 months
and 12 days.
SCHULTHEIS— In this city, November 7. 1901.
at his residence. 1703 Polk street, corner Clay.
Henry, beloved husband of Anna Schulthels,
father of the late Ida and William H. 3chul-
thels, and devoted grandfather of Henry R.
Schulthels, a native of Germany, axed 71
years 4 months and 14 days.
. CTFuneral strictly private. Kindly omit
flowers.
THAYER— In this city. November S. 1901.
Kathrine. beloved wife of A. Thayer. mother
of Herbert A. and Edwin H. Thayer. and
sister of Mrs. Una Golly, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 67 years and 5 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Second Uni-
tarian Church, corner Twentieth and Capp
streets. Interment private.
VALENCIA— In this city, November ». 1301.
Clnama Zelma Valencia, dearly beloved
daughter of Timothy and Marl* Valencia,
and sinter of Raymond Valeda, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and « months.
WALLACE— In Fltchbunr, Alameda County.
November 9. 1901. Charles D.. beloved hus-
band of Mary Wallace, and father of Wil-
liam C. D. Wallace, a native of New York
City, aged 76 years 4 months and 2 days.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WISSEL— In this city, November S. 1901. Al-
bert John Wlssel, beloved husband of Bertha,
and father of Hermlne and Albert F. Wlssel.
a native of Bremen. Germany, aged 78 years
and 8 months. .
ETThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 904 Stelner street. Interment
strictly private. Kindly omit flowers.
«>hanahan Florist Co.
*- / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable X^_
107 POWELL ST. EHJS 35g 5058
BODY OP BART S. COX
FOUND ON TEE BEACH
Electrician, Driven Insane by Nervous
Headaches and Despondency,
Commits Suicide.
The body of the drowned man found on
the ocean beach near Ocean View last .
Friday afternoon was identified in th«
Morgue yesterday as that of Bart 9. Cox.
' an electrician, who had worked for the
Edison Electric Work* on Stevenson
street for the past nine years. He was
married and resided with his wife at 413
i Seventh avenue. Richmond district. About
I three weeks ago, in a fit of despondency
caused by nervous headaches, be left his
house in the evening:, ostensibly to go to
work, but went instead to the ocean
' beach, near Point Lobos, and Jumped Into
the water. His coat and vest were found
i on the beach the next morning, and his
badge with his number on It on his Teat
disclosed the Identity of the suicide.
The identification was made yesterday
by his sister-in-law. Mrs. Louis D. Sou-
riau of 431 Tenth avenue. Cox was a
, member of the Ancient Order Unite 1
! Workmen.
¦ m ¦
Fight in a Synagogue.
A. Bercowltz. 906*4 Folsom street. se-
i cured a warrant from Judge Fritz yester-
I day for the arrest of E. Coquesk* on a
' charge of battery. Bercowltz stated that
he was in a synagogue on Howard street
i yesterday morning when Coqueska made
1 objection to some part of the service and
1 raised a disturbance. Bercowit* told him
i he ought to be ashamed of himself and
In acknowledgment of the advice Co-
queska struck him twice on the face.
1» 1 t
Japanese Woman Beaten.
O. Fujii. a Japanese, was convicted by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the charge
of battery and was sentenced to pay a
fine of $100 with the alternative of fifty
I days in Jail. The fine was paid. Fujli
! beat K. Ul, a Japanese woman, at 649
! Pin© street.
Orders Payment of Damages.
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed
the order of the lower court which gave
$5000 damages to Amelia Schneider on ac-
count of the death of her husband, caused
by a street car accident at East and Pa-
clflc streets.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THB
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MAS&A-
chusetts. on the 31st day of December, A.
D 1900 and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 811 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAprrAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in •
Cash ...................$300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 853, M SO
Cash in Company's Office 1,991 tt
Cash in Banks 19,139 »
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans IMS S3
Premiums In due Course of Collection. M.MO U
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid. 143 S3
Total Assets — KKSn 51
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,133 n
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense ......_.... U.»04 a
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning* one year or less. $170.3*4 13;
reinsurance 60 per cent SS.IM tt -
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning more than one year. 1131,748 06;
reinsurance pro rata KHS «0
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 5.308 a
All other liabilities 19.0 47
Total Liabilities l»t,tti a
INCOMm. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums vviTi ITU. MI IS
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from an
other sources » U.OS IS
Received from all other sources no M .
Total Income ~ OK in 14
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding- $20,941 90, losses of previous -
years) ¦ "•••-•••" ffrLIM tt
Dividends to Stockholders ¦.. s,0O» 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or « .
Brokerage 47.0S &t
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 10, Ml 14
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes t,*ls IS
All other payments and expenditures.. US m
* __________
Total Expenditures HlT, lit m
Losses Incurred during the year....|l3t.sa O
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
—^— — — —^— — — — — ~— —^^ .
Net amount of Risks -
written _ during the
year ;-v,V^I W.Ms.Mi l"Utra
Net amount of Risks
expired during ¦ the
year K.MUtt M4.US M
Net amount in force - - -•> .
December 31. 1300.... a0.5M.855 m.ltt IT '
FRANCIS PEABODT. President,
HENRY 8. BEAN. Secretary. ,•
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 4th
day of February, 1901. ¦ - -V
GEORGE M. AME3UOS,
. Notary. Publld.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, ?
BAMS & STOVEL
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
B*a Francisco, CsU,COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Large gain in bank clearings last week.
Silzrr and Exchange as before quoted.
Sfc: Wheat firmer and futures weaker.
Barley quiet and easy. Oats and Corn dull.
Rye reported in better demand for shipment.
Hay and Feed stuffs weak, owing to rain and heavy receipts.
Beans still in fcflttrj receipt, but steady.
Potatoes and Onioits quoted firm.
Butter dragging under large stocks.
Fggs scarce and very Unn. Cheese unchanged.
Pned Fntits about as before quoted.
Hams, Bacon and Lard to be marked down i-2c to-morrow.
Ccttolaie declined 1-4 C.
Hides active and firm. Wool and Hops unchanged.
Light Hogs in ozrrsupp!y and still Icrwcr.
Potatoes and Onions firm and Tomatoes scarce.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Xo change in Fresh Frtats.
Light trading cm the stock exchanges.
Bank Clearings.
Local Bank Clearings during the past week
were $24,850,116. again*! $16.190170 during the
same »«ek last year
Imports of Groceries.
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur
¦as; the first nine months of the year were as
follows, compared with the sase period In
1*00: Of gutrar. t.9=.2*0 It*, valued at 834.M7.
aralact 06.14M3* lbs at f5.6M.77P: -—. 42.
rn.ttf lbs valued it $4.531. 0f*. a«rain*t 22.116.-
UC lbs at $t.t».9>\ Rice. 16.M1.r0 lbs. va'ued
at I6U.M. aralsst 31.M7.300 lbs. at t64UW;
Tea. :.«l».«0C- lbs. valued at $1.C4J.500. against
:.*:; :¦«¦ :t* at $i.4«».:-40.
la add'.ttrn to the vicar Imports this year
r- ere H';.:..- bs from the Hawaiian Islands.
ver Report.
(IJBOi MerMlaa-Paftflc Time
•AN FRANCISCO. Nov. »-5 p. ra.
The fottowina- are the seasonal rainfalls to
da:» as r— |nnil with those of same date last
aiaaoa sad rmlntali m last 24 hours:
Last This Last
¦ajsasai 24 hours season, season.
Eureka . 0.00 6.78 S.7J
Red B!a2 . •.02 )K 3.75
Fatraraeato 0.00 1.90 1.J2
-»• Francisco 0.04 1.46 2.12
>resno 0.00 111 0.49
Ir.ier*a<lesce CO* 1.07 O.M
fan Li'ls Oblspo Trace X.M 1.93
L"» Acceiec.. Mi -.00 o.:*
far. Dlexo 0.00 0.34 C.JO
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
t~ _ minimum, &2; mean. M.
The Jollowins: maxin. jrr. and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations :
Boston . . 52-* Omaha ..58-3
Claelaaatl 52-30 Duluth .!6-r
Waihinrton . •:* Salt Lake City *..4»
Jacksonville 72-50 Chicago 50-3o
N>« York . . — St. Louis &>-44
Kansas City 66-3«i Philadelphia 54-40
THE C AST RECORD.
= *• 5 w « ~
PTATZONBw = == = 3?£ *. "£.
f flf2 f§ £~ f
: : : : : ="
AKeri* ** M « M\- PtCIdyO.M
l***er ».S4 44 34 NW Cloudy « -m
£*«5? »•« « M X Cloudy 0.00
B"^ »•» C 4 4' NW Cloudy 0.00
Frwio.^.. <* 46 EE Cloudy •.«
Fl«ffst*a 20.14 EC 16 SW Pt Cldy 0.00
Pocawllo. Id*hc...2».M 60 49 - Cloudy 0.00
Independence . .» T« 64 46 S Clear 000
I^sAnceles . 30.00 K5O 6 Cloudy o^o3
*"»** 3-90 80 54 E Cloudy- 8*«
E2?^s*: 2-»« 44 M W Cloudy 0.06
R*d Bluff 3.90 5« « SE Cloudy O.o;
Rcseburs 2* « 50 44 NT Rain 0.01
Bacmarsta ».ss 62 so s cloudy ©.(*
F&ltLaice .. . 2S.BS 6S ,- SE Cloudy q'.lp)
F*aFraadBeo S.S4 £6 54 FE Lt IC- O.M
Sir. Luis 0b1rp0...».9« 64 50 - Cloudy T
f=»J! Diego. ¦ ..».<»« S« NT.V Clear COO
£•*"*• iS.ti 46 22 NT/ Rain 001
£P<**2?~ - »-N *0 30 5 Snow CIO
&?** 1 *!? •¦•¦ 9-M M 12 EW Cloudy 0.00
Vli-.aWfi.lU ..rS.K «4 Si S Rain 003
V.'tr.nemucc» ... 2S.SO if 32 XE Cloudy 0.00
Yus-a a.tt M£6 S Clear 0.00
Terapgrature " a. m.. 14. ' ~~~
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the en
tire country west of the Rocky Mountains, ji.
moderate depression ha« appeared off the coast
tn the %-lcialty of tan Francisco. Rain has
fallen generally over the bay section and wi.i
probably fall over the greater portion of Cali
fornia. Southeast storm wamlnrs are dls-
Plared along the coast from Point Reyes to
Eureka.
rorecest n-.ade at San Francisco for 30 hours
er.-ling irrtdtllejlit November 10. 1501: ' *
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Sunday, with rain: fresh southeast
rvir.Gs, probably high on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, tineettleia
weather Sunday, probably showers; fresh
southerly wind.
Ne-.ada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday
I-rc-bably showers by night in northwestern
portion: fresh easterly winds.
Ran Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettle*]
¦weather Sunday, with showers: fresh south
east winds, high oft shore
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. * -To-day's stock market
was broad and comprehensive in its scope and
very active all day. It was also highly ™
regular throughout, but Increasingly co toward
th« last, when the unexpected decrease in the
ca«h reserves of the banks reported In the
weekly statement wen abet by a buoyant up
ward spurt in the New y or k public utilities
led by Metropolitan Street Railway which rose
some 6% polnu over last night. Brooklyn
Transit gained 3%. Consolidated Gas z\ and
Manhattan 2. At the same time th*re were
tnormoM transactions m Third Avenue Bim
Railroad People's Gas came intoX move
men I. apparenUy in symj.athy. and then was
a sudden Jump of 2% In Pres»ed Steel Car T
the last. During: the first hour of the marktt
there were widely distributed uillnn^blied
on general considerations, auch as the tml
r.,rmly Urge Increase, in railroad "rnlngs for
tb, fourth week In October and the ¦ *"f in
tarty improvement In the money condlUons
At the «am«: time there wan heavy r«-»Iiz; £,1
Ing on Id stocks which have had a coni»tWa!£
advanc* lately, the realign* being well ab!
sorbet however. The disposition to take profits
increased after the appearance of the bank
statement and the market do**) ,„ ci me Von
fusion and very active. It i» *vi<j"nt that ?he
tank loans have not furnished material for
the week's speculation, an loa^Thavi! d?
creased «4.*27.i0Q. The j, 'Xm"u of
V . a 'tif'Tu^k M
r.ave been lending mosey in the stock market
"A'Tow^r^ '-V • mth.'Ltnks
lUiSW* lA * r " v "' " n 'lection day'
this week there was an outburst of activity
SLS^* l^ on the Htock Exchange which
IES™ i a vol . ume o? ov*r,th«i 1.000,000
l!Yif • 2*?Jf vv * 1 Tb * Section results them
¦»»— " 1 m "' apparent connection with the
movement, except in the case of some of the
*. yor Jr money «ocks supposed to be directly
inUTt-eted In the personnel of the New York
City govern! Ktock Exchange broker*
were very large takers of election wagers on
th* New York City contest, which may have
b«>n an Incentive to speculation. Hut the Im
portant underlying motive for the outburst was
the confident statements current that a definite
agreement had be»n r. :...',. -i for the har
monization of the Northwoatam railroad quar
rel. The stocks concerned In that dispute
have made up the largest part of the specula
tion and the whole of the transcontinental
group has shown sympathy. Nothing haa been
learned from authoritative sources to show
how far railroads not Immediate parties to the
repute were to be affectc-d by the settlement,
.nit j.peculatlve Wall street has dun* to the
conviction that not only was the control of the
Burlington eyntern to be harmoniously adjusted
bft»»*n the Union Pacific and the Northern
Pacific-Great Northern Interests, but that a
concord of operation was to b« assured between
r all of the transcontinental lines. The actual
new* of the subject haa been confined to skill
ful surmise based on th« price movement of
individual stocks and on the general tact that
[ the leading capitalists involved are agreed In
their admissions that the negotiations are pro
ceeding satisfactorily and that they promise
an agreement to Insure the interests of all
parties. No official Information of details has
been forthcoming and current surmises have
varied from day to day. giving opportunity
to professional operators in stocks to make
Fklllful use of the mystery for effective ma
nipulation.
The opinion ha* been gaining force in the
financial districts that the terms of the set
tlement which were to bear directly on the con
trol of Northern Pacific have worked back
to the direct control of Burlington Itself, which
, was the real prize that was sought through
out. If I'nlon Pacific were granted a propor
tionate share of holdings in Burlington llsrlf
it is easy to see how the problem ot financing
the project would be simplified and the object
furthered of r<-lea»lng part of the enormous
capital which was locked up In the struggle for
control la.«t spring. The Union Pacific hold
ings of Northern Tactile would not be neces
sary for control of Burlington. The marketing
: of these holdings would. Indeed, be a for
; midable undertaking. The current rumors of
an intended increase in the dividend rate on
the Northern Pacific Mocks would run with
this explanation of the terms of the settle
ment. The stimulating effect of this develop
ment ha* given room for the play of a number
of other favoring forces on the stock market.
Reports of a phenomenal railroad traffic have
come from all sources and an urgency of ¦de
mand for freight room, which has led to a
freight car famine on many lines. In some
industries, notably Iron and steel, the produc
tion on orders has only been limited by the
ability of railroads to deliver materials. Re
ports of general domestic trade conditions are
alto favorable. The gross earnings of rail
: roads for the fourth week of October show some
very large percentage increases over those for
the corresponding week of last year. A con
j siderable short interest in some of the stocks
recently usder pressure has been a technical
aid to the rising tendency. These conditions
have tended to obscure somewhat the money
question and the continued exports of gold,
without relaxing the stiffness of the foreign
exchange market, have been Ignored. This was
partly due to the hope that the largest part
of the foreign demand has been satisfied and
that currency would soon begin to return to
New York from the interior channels of circu
lation. The large receipts of Australian and
Klondike gold have run parallel with the with
drawals for export and the offerings of Gov
ernment bonds, though nrnall. are rtffflclent
to offset the current Government surplus with
drawn from the market. It is to be remem
bered that the Government surplus. - after run
ning light during the early part of last month,
became very large before the end of the month.
Europe's year-er.d requirements for money be
ing still an undecided question.
Railroad bonds have been inactive.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the call price of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales High Low Close
At:hl»on 35.330 iS 83T4 844
Atchison pfd 41.MX. 102H K'lS 1024
Baltimore & Ohio 1.000 10? ios4 10*
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 100 9«4 »<4 914
Canadian Pacific Us) 112*, 112«4 1124
Canada Southern S6O H\ 84 MH
Chesapeake A Ohio 2.500 4SH 4S>4 4844
Chicago * Alton 1,400 37Vt £64 37*
Chicago tc Alton pfd.... 100 774 774 77
Chicago, Ind & St. L.... 2,200 43*« 41 434
Chicago. Ind ASt L pfd M 73\ 734 73
Chicago & Eastern 111... 100 131 131 131
Chicago A Great Westn. M.IM 2<4 2.' 1 26%
Chi & Grt Wettn A pfd. 100 83** «9 ii
Chi «c Grt Westn B pfd. I.IW 60»i 49 50
Chicago A Ncrthweatrn 210
Chicago. KU Pac MM 14?£ 147 146!;
Chicago Term & Trans.. 1.600 21 19 20
Chicago T& T pfd 6.000 28 35% 374
C. C. c & St L0ui5...... 1,100 10014 100 1004
Colorado Southern 700 14* 14* 14*
Colorado South Ist pfd &»H
Colorado South 2d pfd :... 25
Delaware & Hudson 200 171* 173 173 .
Dela. Lack & West 237
Denver 4c Rio Grande... 400 4«\ 46* 4€%
Denver *R G pfd 3.100 SO 1 * W« &5*
Erie. 16.400 42* 42* 42*
Erie Ist pfd 6.700 72 71* 71*
Brie 24 pfd 1.900 67* 67* 574
Great Northern pfd 32.000 1994 197* 193
Hocking Valley 1.600 L 9* M* 594
Hocking Valley pfd.... 100. 78 78 77*4
Illinois Central 1.200 1424 1414 141%
lowa central 100 40', 404 404
lowa Central pfd 774
Lake Erie & Western... 600 744 73* 73*
Lake Erie St West pfd 131
Louisville & Nashville.. 7.600 107% 1074 107*
Manhattan L#> 2»i,70<.» li',%. lii.%. lzir,
Metropolitan St Ry 21.900 1«4 1574 162*
Mexican Central ........ 2.000 224 214 22 1
Mexican National I.IOQ It 134 134
Minneapolis A St Louis. 100 lot* 1087, 1084
Missouri Pacific 7.100 104% 103>4 104
Missouri Kan A Texas.. MO 27* 27% 274
Mlcnourt. KA T pfd.... 200 54* Of- M
New Jersey Central 173
New York Central 10.500 1644 163* 1«*
Norfolk A Western 6,800 68* 58 is*
Norfolk A Western pfd 100 91 »0 90
Northern Pacific pfd.... 800 1024 101% 101%
Ontario A Western 3.600 854 35% 35%
Pennsylvania 9,200 147* 147 147%
Reading 2.000 43* 43* 43%
Reading Ist pfd 800 77 77* 77*
Reading 2d pfd 700 CS (4% C 4%
St Louis A kin Fran.... 100 (0* 48* £0
St L A San Fran Ist pfd 200 81 80% )></*
St L A San Fran 2d pfd 1,300 714 70* 71*
St Louis Southwestern.. 800 29% 29* 28%
St Louts Southwstn pfd 1,200 60 4 694 £9*
St Paul 14,000 173% 173 173*
St Paul pfd m
Southern Pacific .. 16.100 62* 61* 62*
Southern Railway 9,700 31* 34* 34%
Southern Railway pfd... 2,300.91% 90% 91
Texas A Pacific SCO 41% 40% 41%
Toledo. St L A West.... 100 21* 21% 20%
Toledo St LA W pfd.. 10") 36% 364 36%
Union Pacific 38,300 1084 1074 107%
Union Pacific pfd........ 200 904 90% 90*
Wabaeh 2.200 21* 21% 21
Wabash pfd 1.200 38% 2*4 38%
Wheeling A Lake Erie. 100 19% 19% j«</ 3
Wheeling ALE 2d pfd 200 21* 31 21
Wisconsin Central 1,700 21% 20* 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 414 41* 41*
Express Companies—
Adams 185
American ••« , 190
United States 200 91 12 91
Wells Fargo ISO
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper.... 11,400 86% 86 864
Am Car A Foundry 900 2«% 264 26*
Am Car A Foundry pfd COO 82 82 ....
Am Linseed Oil .... 11
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45
Am Smelt A R*f 1,200 41% 42% 42%
Am Smelt A Ref Pfd 97
Anaconda Mining C 0.... 1,100 344 34* 24%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 24,400 67% ' 64% 67*
Colo Fuel A Iron 600 95 83 91
Consolidated Gas 23,300 219 217 218%
Continental Tobacco pfd 119*.
General Electric 200 257 2564 25S
Glucose Sugar 200 294 194 39%
-Hocking Coal uyL
International Paper .... 200 194 194 194
International Paper pfd 100 754 754 754
International Power .... 100 884 884 M
Laclede Gas 924
National Biscuit 42
National Lead 200 I 194 194 19
National Salt 29U
National Salt pfd M 4
North American 500 96 ¦95 95
Pacific Coast 200 634 61 6314
Pacific Mall I.GOO 484 47 484
; People's Gas 6,700 104% 102 104
Pressed Rteel Car 3,200' 45 • 42 44%
1 Pressed Steel Car pfd... 300 84 84 M
Pullman Palace Car 218
; Republic Steel ......... 1,000 . 15% 16 15U
Republic Steel pfd 300 66% 66% 66*
1 Sugar 9.900.170 118% 119%
Term Coal A Iron 1,200 62* 61% 62
Union Bag A Paper Co ..... .... .... 14
1 Union B A Pap Co pfd ' ../. .... '73 *
I U 8 Leather too 12% 12* 12%
IU 8 Leather pfd WO »l 81 .1 ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA£L, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
|Ii^>Vd::::::::::::K \% Si ?,*
western Union 800 92* 92* 92*
Shares sold 502.500
CLOSING BONDS.
U. 8 refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4Kb. 1079*
reg 109 l, & Nash tint 45.. 102%
do coup 109 Mcx Cent 4s 82*
do 3s reg 108 do let lnc »',£
do coup 108 Minn &St L 45....108 Vi
do new 4s reg....139 MX & T4s 100*
do coup 139 do 2ds 83
do old 4a reg.... 112% N V Cent lsts 105*
do coup 112 Vi do. gen 3V4s lOSVi
do 5s reg 107 N J Cent gen .131
do coup 107 North Pac 4s 1044
Atchlson gen 45....103 Vi do 3s 72V»
do adj 4s 93Vi Norf & W con 48. .102%
Bait & Ohio 4a....lo3V»iueadlng gen 45.... 99%
do 3V»b 96»i]st L & I M con 56.117
do cony 4s 10ST,igt L & 8 F 4s 95
Can South 2ds 108 ISt Louis SW lsts. 97
Cent of Ga 65.,....107 Vi do 2ds 80%
do Ist tne 7!»i g A & Ar Pass 4s. M •
Ches & Ohio 4V4«..10i ; South Pac 4s 34%
Chi & Alton 3V45.. «<; South Ry Es 120^4
C B & Q new 45.. 9S*|Tex & Pac 15t5. ...119
C M & St P gen 4s.llOH'Tol St L & W 45.. BUi
C & N W con 75...1J7H Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & Pac 45...10«H do cony 4s 108*
C C C & St L g Wabash lsts IIS
Chi Terms 4a 91 do 2ds IWYt
Colo & Bouth 45... BSH do deb B 61
D&R G4s 103 West Shore 4s 112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 994 Wheel & L E 45.. 92
do gen 4s 88'/{:\Viß Cent 4s 85*
Ft W & D C 15t5.10794 Con Tobacco 4*.... 64»i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
' Money— i Mining-
Call loans 3®4 Adventure S2V
Time loans | Allouex 4
Bonds— (Amalgamated 86%
Atchison 4s 102 Baltic 42
Gas lsts ?fc |Blngham 20
Mcx Cent 4s 80 I Calumet & Hec1a..647
M X Q & Coke.... 31 j Centennial 663
Railroads— Copper Range 16
Atrhisbn -..., 814 Dom Coal F>'."i
do prefd 102V Franklin ..; 47
Boston & Albany.. 2f.s Isle Royale .16
Boston & Maine... 192V4;Mohawk ..., 24
Boston Elevated... 166 Old Dominion 414
Fltchburg prefd.... H34 Osceola 2S««
Union Pacific Farrot 874
Mcx Central 22 Qulncy 3.V,,
Miscellaneous— .Santa Fe Copper. .ls7
Am Sugar 119 « Tamarack 4%
Am Tel & Tel 157 Trlmountaln 260
Dora Iron & Steel. 27",4 Trinity 40
! Gen Electric 256H, United States .... 26*4
Mass Electric i6\ Utah 15* i
N X G & Coke.... 4}j Victoria 23%
tinned Fruit 90 Wlnona 6*»
D B Steel 43% Wolverine 256',,
do prefd 93 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con IS Little Chief 12
Alice V, Ontario ." 9 50
Breece 1 00 Ophir 77
Krunßwick Con ... If. Phoenix (6
Comstock Tunnel.. 054- Pctosl OS
Con Cal A Va 1 40 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... S«i. sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver 1 .«' Small Hopes 4*
i Iron Silver CO Standard 3 80
i Leadville Con 00l
London Market.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— Holiday on stock ex
change. Bar «llver. dull, 26 7-16 d per ounce.
Money. 24*f 2%t per cent.
Hope— Pacific Coast, steady, £3 5s to £3 15s.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— The statement o' the
a*Bocia.ted banks for the week ending to-duy
shows:
l>ans. $886.995. 000; decrease. $4,927,900.
Deposits. I'M". I !".!'<;. decreane, $1,641,300.
Circulation. 531.521.400; decrease. $54.C00
Legal tenders. i*;,»S.'i.s>i. decrease, $2,o"l\20O.
S|f-,|e. U77.339.2""'. decrease. $1,214,500.
Reserves. $246. IM. 700; decrease. $3,703,700.
Re.«erve required, $237,604,775; decrease $1,
:!¦ .>;;,.
surplus. $5.659.5:5: decrease. $1,792,875.
NEW YORK. Nov. ».— The Financier aaya:
A fttrtking feature of that movement of money
which affected the bank statement of this week
Is that the net gain to the banks resulting from
Sub-Treasury operations, including payments
ti> these Institutions for bonds and for new
gold, less excess receipts by the Treasury on
the fiscal operations, nearly offset the loss to
the banks caused by gnld exports and the
movement of money, there being an estimated
net loss to the banks of only $374,000.
The banks gained fS.!£t.&oo through bond pay
ments and gold disbursed In assay office
checks, less transfers of money to the Wept
and South, and the banks lost to the Treasury
j:.74"..&00 through the excena of receipts by that
office for customs, internal revenue, etc.. over
payments on ordinary bunlnesa. leaving ac the
net gain to the banks from the Sub-Treasury
12.515.700. The banks lost through exports of.
gold $2,758,700 and through the direct interior
movement, less transfers. $631,000, making al
together $3.1&9.?C0. Hence the total estln>Ued
ln*s to the banks was $574,000. It Is noteworthy
that exports of gold were only $12,900 more
than the week's surplus revenues of the Sub-
Treasury. The bank utatement showed a loss
of $3,703,700 in cash. The discrepancy between
this amount and that estimated doubtless
arises from the fact that considerable sums
which were paid for bonds wen* distributed
to Institutions other than banks: otherwise that
the bank average system Is to a great extent
responsible for the difference. Loans decreased
$4,927,900, Indicating liquidation of exchange
loan contracts and deposits were diminished by
$7,643,100. or about $1.000,u00 less than the loss
of loans and of cash. The surplus reserve was
reduced $1. 792,785, now standing at $8,639,925.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. -To-day 1 s statement
of the balance In the general fund, exclusive
of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the division
of redemption, shows: Available cash balance,
f175.484.956; gold. $110,401.7:2.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Nov. 1.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
29.932 packages; exports, 23.832: quiet. Winter
patents, 13 60<R3 90; winter straight)!. |3 40<]f3 60;
Minnesota patents. f3 80<tM 10; winter extra*.
12 >¦¦<¦>'.;.¦; 40: Minnesota bakers', $2 90^3 25; win
ter low grades. 82 .'Mi 2 60.
WHEAT— Receplts, 45,750 bushels; exports,
35,467; spot firm. No. 2 red, 83% cf. o. b!
afloat: No. 2 red, 80% c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, M%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 88* cf. o. b. afloat.
Options showed moderate weakness as an
outcome of foreign selling, local profit-taking,
easier French markets and more liberal North
west receipts. They finally rallied on active
covering and closed firm at a partial 4c net
advance. May. 80 T /tQBl%c, closed 81% c; De
cember. 794@7&T«c. closed 79% c.
HOPS— Quiet. Htate common to choice. 1901
crop. 12tyif>4c; 1900 crop, :>wh.-; 189> crop, 84/
lie; Pacific Coast. 1901 crop. 12<6154c; 1900 crou
9614 c; 1899 crop, 64Jnic.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston, 18c; California,
194 c: Texas dry. 144 c
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 25026 c; Texas
16© 17c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice. 7*c;
mild, steady; Cordova. 74911 c. Futures opened
steady In tone with prices unchanged to five
point* lower, the decline resulting from profit
taking by smaller speculators. Almost Im
mediately following the call prices commenced
to advance on Investment and covering demand,
prnaipfrfl by rurm>™ of another bullish crop
report, higher foreign markets and lighter
primary receipts. The market closed firm In
tone with prices 20025 points net higher. Hales
78.000 bags. Including: December, 6.80fp7c;
January. 6. 4. r ,<?t7c; February, 7.u6c; March, lit
T.Sftc; May. 7.2&®7.50c; June, 7.36®7. 40c- July.
7.460T.45C; September, 7.63®7.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. F»lr refining, 3*c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c.
Refined, quiet; No. fi. 4.40 c; No. 7, 4.30 c; No. h
4.20 c; No. 9, 4.15 c; No. 10, 4.10 c; No. 11, 4.06 c;
No. 12, 4.05 c: No. 11, 2.95 c; No. 14, 3.95 c; stand
ard A, 4.&0 c; confectioners' A. 4.80 c; mold A,
6.35 c; cut loaf. 6.60 c; crushed, 5.60 c; powdered
C.lOc: granulated, sc; cubea, 6.26 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8300; firm. State dairy
]4<^2lc; creamery, 15023 c; June creamery 17U
©214 c; factory, 1240154 c. n
EGGS— Receipts, 6772; strong. State and
Pennsylvania, 24@25c. Western candled 21®
23c; Western uncandled, 20@24c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The usual Saturday dullness prevailed In the
market for evaporated apples and values weru
nbout aa last quoted. State common to good
c<;hr; prime, 84c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%o9ytc
California dried fruits inactive but steady '
PRUNES- 3*©7c.
APRICOTB-RoyaJ, 84^>llc; Moorpark, lOllc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 11018 c; unpeeled, 6094 c
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— Wheat had a good busi
ness, both on the early decline resulting from
weak cablee and on the later bulge. December
opened 4<&''/i down at 72% to 72% and continued
moderate realizing eased the market to 724.
Commission houses were buyers, however, and
m the cash demands and reports of continued
drought In the Southwest shorts became ner
vous and covered. Wheat closed steady % up
at 71.
Corn was dull with small Interest manifested
and unimportant trading. December closed *
up at 69%G69*. ....
Oats were quiet with a small trade. Decem
ber closed steady, a shade higher at 88%. Re
ceipts were 201 cars.
Provisions had a dull, steady market. Janu
ary pork closed 60 up; January lard 7*o ad
vance and ribs 2*c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. X—
November 71%
December 72% 71H 72V4 78
May 76 76* 75* 76U
Corn No. 2—
November 684 68% 684 68%
December 69* 694 69 69U
May 61% 624 614 624
Oats No. 2—
December 88H 88% 88*- 88%
May 40% 40* 40* 40*
Mess Pork, per bbl— «
January 14 95 15 00 14 92* 14 97*
May 16 10 15 22* 16 07* 15 17*
Lard, per 100 lbs—
November 8 50 8 62 8 50 8 62*
December 8 53* 865 8 62* 855
January 8 56 8 60 8 66 8 60
May 8 70 8 75 8 70 8 72*
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 7 67* 7 72* 7 87* 7 72*
May 7 82* 7 87* 7 82* 7 874
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $3 60^160; straights, $3
®3 40; clears, $2 70®3 20; spring specials. $4®
4 10; patents, $3 35@3 70; straights, $3 20®3 60;
No. 3 spring wheat. 71@71*4c: No. 2 red. 74@75c;
No. 2 corn, yellow, 60c; No. 2 oata. white, 424<g>
42Hc: No. 3 white. 42V4@42%c; No. 2 rye. 60c;
fair to choice malting barley. 56@58c: No. 1 flax
seed. $1 47; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 484<gl 49;
prime timothy seed, $5 90® 6; mess pork, per bbl,
$13 sniff 11 SO; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 55@8 574: short
rib sides (loose). $7 8007 95; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7w74c; short clear sides (boxed).
$8 15-98 25; Mount Vcrnon whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 31.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 28,000
Wheat, bushels 250.000 13.000
Corn, bushels 87,000 103,000
Oats, bushels 280.000 433.000
Rye, bushels 6,000 ......
Barley, bushels 82,000 17.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttei
market was firm; creameries. 14i822c; dairies
13<gl9c. Cheese, steady, 9K©lOV4c. Eggs, firm
fresh, 22c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ ¦ Dec. March.
Opening 6 9% 6 11%
Closing 6 9% 5 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 2100 22 40 '
Closing .' 20 95 22 40
Flour-
Opening 26 65 28 30
Closing 26 60 23 25
> Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.-CATTLE-Recelpts. 900;
steady; good to prime natives, $496 80; stock
ers and feeders. $204 25; cows. $1 2594 60; heif
em. $1 :m)1i:,; ranners. $1 :.'.'<» 2 25; bulls. $1 759
4 50; calves. $2 50<ff6 23; s Texas steers, $3@4;i
Western steers, $3 6555 45. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day 19,000; Monday. 34,000;
left over. 3000; active and strong; mixed and
butchers, $5 6v{fs 90; good to choice heavy. $5 60
©6; rough heavy. $5 55«5 55; light. y, 35ig5 «5;
bulk of sales, $5 60&5 75.
. SHEEP— Receipts. 1000; steady; lambs steady;
good to choice wethers, $3 5094 25: fair to
choice mixed. 12 9093 40; Western sheep, 139
3 65: native lambs. $2 SOtM 70; Western lambs.
$3ff3 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
• ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 9.— CATTLE—
ceipts. 1500; steady; natives, $3 C0O6; cows and
heifers. $1 B#l 10; - veals, $556 25; bulls and
stags. $295; stockers and feeders. $1 50&4 25. !
-Receipt*. 6900: steady: light and light
mixed. $5 &Of(s M: medium and heavy $5 80®
5 95: pigs. 14 25«(5 55; bulk. $3 7005 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 150: steady; wethers, $3 40.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. -The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week are valued at $12,155,351.
Exports of specie from this port to all coun
tries for the week aggregate $124,672 in silver
and $2,877,718 gold.
The Import* of specie this week were $269,408
gold and $132,282 silver.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 9.— Cotton closed steady,
196 points higher.
: New York Metal Market ,
• — — . .- «
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— The market for metals
locally presented an uninteresting appearance
to-day. The absence of cable news had a de
pressing effect on business and values did not
vary. Tin was dull at $21 50925. Lead dull at
14 374. Spelter dull at $4 30434 35. Copper quiet
at $16 85«17 for lake and $16 174916 624 for
casting. Iron dull. $9 60010 for pig Iron war
rants; No. 1 northern foundry. 11.'. ft 16. No. 2
foundry, southern. $14«215: No. 1 foundry, south,
em. $14 MXJIS 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, soft,
$14 50-816.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— There was a fair Inquiry
for wool during the week, but business waa
alow owing to ateadlnesa of holders. The ar
rivals for the next scries of auction sales num
ler 235606 bales. Including 5X.000 forwarded di
rect.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. B.— Silver. 26 7-16 d: cargoes
on passage, nominal, unchanged; vargoes No.
1 standard California, 28s 74d; English country
markets, firm. .
LIVERPOOL. Nov. B.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 standard California, 6s 114 d; wheat In
Paris dull; flour In Paris, dull; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather In Eng
land, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 6-16 d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Nov. 9.— Clearings, $474,146; bal
ances. $88,414.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 9.-WHEAT-Flrm and
higher: Walla Walla, 670574 c; valley, (74c;
bluestem, 584 c.
Cleared— German bark Nesala, with 101.571
bushel* wheat; German hark O. H. Wappaus
with 67.517 bushels wheat: British bark Crown
of India, with 107,980 bushels wheat: tatter two
for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 9. -WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestem, &8c; club, 67c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 844
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87-&
Sterling Cables — 4 v*
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchanfe, telegraphic — 124
Silver, per ounce — 5714
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 O 474
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets remained
about the same. Paris future* were lower.
Chicago was easy, but no lower. Indifferent
cables encouraged the bears. The Southwest
sent bullish news, accompanied by buying
orders. Bradstreet's estimated that the world's
supply was 30,000,000 bushels less than at this
time last year. Private wires to this city ex
pressed anticipations for a continued large
foreign demand,- and said that the extensive
feeding to livestock would use up a good deal
of wheat.
This market was firmer on the spot and
weaker on call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $10101*; milling,
$1 MM^l 06 per ctl. "'
CALL BOARD SALES. : V
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. tl 01%. May-2000, $1 06%. " ! ™ Der -
Becord Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $i on%.
Regular Morning . Session— May— lß,ooo ctls
$lt)6V4: 10.000. 1105%. December— 24,ooo, $1 01* :
2000, $161%; 10.000. $101. < ' .;"¦ " 7>f
BARLEY— drizzling rain did not produce
any appreciable effect on the I market, whi.-ii
remained quiet and steady. ,
Feed, 76%0 for choice bright, 72%®75c for No
I and 70@71%c i for off grades: brewing and
shipping grades, 77%© 82 Chevalier, 05c®
31 OS per ctl. ¦. :¦ , ¦ ; -<• ;
: ' ;>. CALL BOARD SALES. ..'•¦* ;
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No salsa.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, 7Sc; 2000.
73% c;, 2000, 73%e; 2000, 734 c. v^,, ,'..,. ' .T""?,
Regular O Morning.; Seeslon— May— «000 ctln
73% c; - 2000, ; 74c; 4000. 71%0- 12,000, 73* c. De^
camber— 2000,> 73* c; -4000, 7H,c. - ¦¦•¦¦ ,
OATS— market continue! very quiet, with
large offerings. -¦¦- ;¦.•¦-'- '¦--•¦ ¦¦¦¦ . '.-.,.•¦ .-.. >
Grays, tl 1001 22*: whites, |1 1501 27*; Sur
prise. $1 tOOI 82%; black. ¦ 1101 20, - and red.
I 05©l 17% per eU for feed and $1 1001 25 for
seed.- v- .. -, .-• ¦¦¦¦-¦. -.¦..¦;,•:-...••.;, ?.,-,-, v.. v . -,j x-. 1 ., :...
CORN— was steady and unchanged,
with higher quotations In the interior than on
the , Board of Trade. . The - State . report . on the
Kentucky , crop ; gave a redaction In the yield
of about 50 per cent or 20,000,000 bushels short
of the croo of 1900, which was 43,000.000 bush
els.
This market was dull and unchanged.
Large yellow Is quoted at $1200125; small
round yellow, $1 25® 1 80; white, $1 40; Eastern
Corn, nominal.
RYE— 724O7Sc. A good shipping demand on
the basis of 76c, Port Costa, Is now reported.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Californla Family Extras, 88 250
8 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, 12 60®2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
ot,
MILLSTUKFS— Prices in sacks are as fo.
lows, usual discount to the trade:. Granaru
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Kye Flour, 82 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats, $6; Hominy, $4
®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $8 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 8508 Ui
In sacks, 16 E0@8; Pearl Barley, *o; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay and Feedstuffs remained unchanged,
both being soft under rainy weather and lib
eral supplies.
BRAN*-»l7ig>lß per ton.
MIDDLINGS— IISig 2O 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— KoIIed Barley, $16©17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27®28: jobbing $28 50
tUZ'j; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $31 50
fei32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed, $17
n,
HAY^Wheat, $9® 11 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $8®ll; Oat, $8^10; Barley and Oat,
$7@9; Alfalfa. $8910; Clover. $6 CUO7; Volun
teer, $j<{<B; Stock. Js@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3OO4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The stream of Beans flowing Into thin mar
ket shews no decrease. Yesterday's receipts
were 13.047 sacks. Prices were unchanged.
Business was dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 30@2 60; Small White. $30
3 25: Large White, $2 50©3 75; Pea, $303 50;
Pink, 11 i>oii:2 15; Red. $2 !¦>'<{ i; Blackeye, U ii®
3 60; Limaß, $4 60@4 75; Red Kidneys. $3&0Oi
per ctl. ¦ .
' SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3«?3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax, $2 65«£3 25; Canary,
3%03Hc for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, 84c;
Rape, 1%&1% c: Hemp, 34c per lb.
DRIED PRAS-Nlles, $1 90®2; Green, $1 75
©3 25 per ctl. .'v.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate, but
these of Onions were 1405 sks. Both markets
w*re firm, but prices showed little change.
Tomatoes came In late, but cleaned up well,
as they have been scarcer for several days.
POTATOES— for Burbanka from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 2561 50; Oregon
Burtanks. 11 20@l 35; River Reds, $125*3140;
Sweets, 40050 c for Rivers and 70*jSCc for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— II 25©1.50 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
6G&75C per 'ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l®3c; Los Ange
les do, 6c; String Beans, 24@3c; Ltmaa. 240
34c; Cabbage. 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from
AlAtrifda, 5"i«»65c; Dried Peppers. 10915 c; Green
1 km. ."'.'l ti".c per box; Carrots, 25035 c per sack;
Cucumbers. 35&&0 c; Pickles, 244|3c per for
small asa lift 14c for large; Uarllc. lV"^2<%c;
Green Peppers, 406&0 c per box for Chile and 40
©COc for Bell; Egg Plant. 4C@soc per box; Sum
mer Squash. 85c@$l; Marrowfat Squash, $«¦&¦«
per ton; Hubbard Squash, slo9ls.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
One or two cars of Eastern are announced for
to-morrcw.
Arrivals of Game were 115 sks. in fair con
dition. Prices showed little change.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15©17 c: Live
Turkeys Hfjloc (or Gobblers and 14015 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $125&150; Goslings.
$1 QOS; Ducks. $3 50© I for /old and $495 for
young; Hens. H'<n io; young Roosters.' U aO-ijt;
old Roosters. 13 bo'ji: Fryers. 13 2J4i3 75; oil
ers, »W for large and *3sr3 25 for small;
Pigeons, $191 25 per dozen for old and $1 oOi/
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen.' $1; Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 00 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, $3*M; Canvasback. $304; Sprig. $2 51}
63; Teal. $2 50; .Widgeon. 50; Small Ducks.
$1 50; Black Jacks, $1 25: English Snipe $2;
Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese. $3 50; White
Geese. $1; Brant, $1 254jfl 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is an unusually wide range In Butter
prices. While fancy creameries bring up to
ZSc. what are generally classed as firsts and
seconds are going begging at 23$2ic and even
•s low as 20c, Stocks are so liberal that buy
ers can afford to be particular, and anything
that Is not gilt-edged la not wanted except at
a violent discount. The whola market la de
pressed, with still lower pricea predicted for
thin week.
Cheese remains the same, being In good sup-
Ply.
Eggs are scarce. .They bring about what
sellers chooae to ask. Even the common grades
are very firm and well cleaned up.
Receipts were 52.000 pounds of Butter.
pounds of Eastern Butter. 603 rim of Eggs.
AS) cases of Eastern Eggs. 8400 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BlTTEß— Creamery. 27#28c per lb for
fancy and 21Q24C for seconds; dairy. KVt'gSSc;
store Butter. KOl'c per lb; Creamery Tub.
21fi224c; Pickled Roll. lSJtl.'c; Keg. ISOI9C
per lb.
CHEESE— New. 114912 c; Old. I04e: Young
America. 124013 c rwr lb: Eastern. 15€15c.
EGOS— Ranch. 43943 c for selected large 40®
41c for good to choice and 374 c for fair; store,
30c per dozen; cold storage. 20©26 c; Eastern.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The narrow-gauge train came In late with
Grapes and the market was bversupplled In
consequence. Large boxes were weak at S5cQ
$1 SO and moat small boxes were carried over.
Berries from the ¦ south were also late - and
went to the canners.-
The weather was against citrus fruits, which
were dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SIBI 25 per box for extra. 60055 c
for good to choice and 25050 c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— per box.
PEARS— Winter Nelli*. llttl is per box; com
mon, 50875 c.
QUINCES— 3S#SOc per box.
PERSIMMONB-«c«?U per box.
STRAWBL'RRIEH-19 per chest for Long
worth* and 131(4 for large berries.
BLACKnERRIES-t4®6 per chest.
RASPBKKHIKS-84V& per chest.
LOGAN RKRKIKS-f.*> per chest.
HIVKI.KIIKKKIKS-s©7c per lb.
CRANHERKIES— Cape Cod. 11l per barrel;
Coos Bay. 13 per box. ?
FlGS—Black. 50985 c for single and $1 SOI 50
for double layer boxes.
GRAPES— Vcrdels. 30565 c per box and crate:
Tokay. 40575 c; Isabellas, nominal; Muscat, 40©
75c: Black, 4*i975c: Cornlchons. 4Oig'7sc.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 75cf>t3 for com
mon, $2 60^3 for good to choice and $3 60 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 50^3 50: Seedlings. $1 23
t}2 50; Tangerines. $1 50<Itl 75; Lemons, 90cOtl 50
for common and t2@3 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, tl 50«r3 60; Mexican Limes. $4«
4 CO; Bananas, fl 75493 per bunch for New Or
leans and $102 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3®l
per dosen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Beyond the Improvement ,In evaporated Ap
ples already rioted there Is nothing new, the
market remaining quiet.
FRUlTS— Apricots. 7084 c for Royals and 89
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated | Apples. 64«J7i»c; sun-dried, !*©44c;
Peaches. 6«j>74c: Pears, 44}Sc; Plums, pitted, 3%
tlc: unpltted. l«J2c: Nectarines. 6054 c for red
and 54©64 c for white; Figs. 3©S4o for black.
PRUNES— New crop are ouoted as follows:
80-40" 1%<854c; 40-50" s, 4\©sc; 60-60*8, 4140
4c; 60-70"s. 3%®4c: 70-80 > 8.1*©34 c; 80-«o's, 2%
esc: 90-100" 2%Q24c per Ib. -
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. 12 60; fancy, Si 75; 4
crown. $1 60; London. Layers— Three-crown.
tl 20; two-crown. II 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown. 4%c; Three
crown, 4*c; Two-crown. B%c; Seedless Musca
tels 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 64c; Thompson
Seedless, 64c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 84c;
choice. 74c; standard, 64c; prime, 64c; un
bleached .Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 74c; prime, 64c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded, s*c. ¦ .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 80124 c; Walnuts, - No. 1
softshell, 94c: No. 2. 74c; No. 1 hardsnell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13014 for papershell. 10011 c
for softshell and 606 c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5®7« for Eastern; Brastl Nuts, 120124 c;
Filberts, R@l24c; Pecans, ll@lSc; Cocoanuts,
$3 60©5. ¦¦¦ ¦.-...•-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ' ¦ ¦¦¦
HONET-Comb. 1201240 for bright and 10®
14 c for light amber; water white extracted,
6fl«c; light amber extracted. 495 c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 2S472Bc per lb. .
Provisions.
Cottolene Is marked down Vie.
To-morrow Hams, Bacon and Lard will
probably bo marked down 4c all around, as
the local trade agreed on this reduction yes
terday. It Is not effective yet. however.
Tho Chicago market continued firm at a fur
thei small advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lto per lb for heavy,
1240 for light medium, 1340 for light.
144 cfo • extra light and 180 for sugar-cured.
ICastern sugar-cured Hams, 134 c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, |12; Family. 11l 60; prime Mesa Pork.
916; extra clear, t2l; Mess, )19; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at (0 par lb for
compound and Ho tor pure; hair-barrels, pure,
l*c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; B-lb tins. ll%c; 1-lb tins,
lie.
COTTOLENE-One half -barrel. 10Hc; three
half- barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9"ic; two tiercel,
y+c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
When double quotations for Hides are given
the Inside figure represents the buying and the
outside tha selling price. The market con
tinues active and firm. Wool and Hops sbow
no change.
HIDEb AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands aell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. n@ll4c; medium. 100104 c; light. 94c;
Cow Hides, 10c .for heavy and V4c for light;
Stags. 7©74 c; Salted Kip. 94® 10c, Salted Veal,
10c; Salted Calf. 104 c; Dry Hides. lt>@lt>4c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 14@15c;.Dry Calf. 18^19c;
Culls and Brands, 15@16c; sheepskins, shear
lings, 15030 c each; short Wool, 40060 c each; me
dium, 50075 c; leng Wool, 80cO$l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50<j>2 75 for large and $292 25 for
medium. $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25®1 50 for
medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 15c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large aad
smooth. 60c; medium, S6c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6^c; No. 1 rendered, 5O
64c per lb; No. 2. 4®44c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 monthi. 7@Bc; Oregon Valley fine. 130
15c; do. medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 11® 13c; do, fair to good, 90
lie; Nevada, 10012 c.
Fall— San Joaquln. 644784 c; San Joaquta
Lambs', 74©9 c; Middle County, 8O10c; North
ern Mountain, free, SOllc; do, defective. $O9c;
Htimh'-idt and Mendoclno, U®i2c per lb.
HOPS— 9®lOo for fair and 11013 c per lb for
cojd to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Lightweight Hogs have again declined. There
are too many here. Otherwise the market is
unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6O64c for Steers and 64354 c per lb
lor Cows.
VEAL— Large. 708 c; small. B©9c per lb.
MUTTON-Wetßera, 64®7c; Ewea. 6@64c per
pound.
LAMB-708C per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, s*4c;
under 130 lbs, s',i@s4c; sows, 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7',4®8%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: local
make. He less than Calcutta*; Wool Bass, 32
gSoc; Fleece Twine. 74©8 c; Fruit Bags, s*o
H4c for cotton and 7@74c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallaend. $3; Co-operative
Wallsend. $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15:
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
"RICE— China, No. 2, $4 104J4 ,16; No. 1. $4 70©
4 90; extra, $6 10435 SO; Japanese. $5 254f«; Lou
isiana. $4 26@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72?; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained; barrels, 85c: cases. Me;
China Nut, 564972 c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40<345c per gallon:
Fish Oil. barrels, 174 c; cases. 424 c: Cocoanut
Oil, barrels. 634 c for.Ceylon and 5&4 c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
134 c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star.
20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene. 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 15c; m
cases. :i4c: Benzine. In bulk. 14c; in cases,
204 c; 86-degree Gatoltne, in bulk, 20c; In cases.
264 c.
TURPENTINE— SSHc per gallon in cases and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90 c; Pow
dered. 4.75 c; Candy Granulated. 4.76e; Dry
Granulated. 4.65 c; Confectioners' A. 4.65 c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.&5 c; Beet Granulated. (100-lb bass
only). 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.23 c; Extra C. 4.15 c;
Golden C. 4.00 c. D, 3.95 c; barrels. 10c more.
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 50-lb
bags, 10c more 1 . No orders taken for less than
75 barrels cr Its equivalent. Domino*, halt
barrels. 5.15 c; boxes. 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER !.
Flour, qr sks 12.222 Broom Corn, bdls 40
Wheat, ctls 135.094 Lime, bbls J73
Barley, ctls 6,3*8 Alfalfa Seed, sks 2
Oats, ctls l.il'i Brandy, gals 9,70)
Beans, sks 12.30J Wine, gals 70 150
Potatoes, sks .... 3.020 Ralcina. bxa 300
Onions, sks 1.403 Leather, rolls tl
Bran, sks 450 Sugar, ctls 3.U7
Middlings, sks ... K\ Tallow, ctls 268
Hay. tons 615 Pelts, bdls I*7
Straw, tons 18 Hides. No 3a
Hops, bales ii Quicksilver, flak* 54
Shorts, ska IC Wool, sks Xt
OREGON.
Oats, ctla 560J
?
STOCK MARKET.
It was a conventional Saturday market on
the Bond Exchange, business being quiet. Tha
inly change was a decline In Market-st. R. R.
1 tX'a S3 23. The oil stocks showed no marked
change.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 71.210 shares, valued at $20,061. the
leading saiae being as follows: Apollo, 5600
shares: Independence. 1000; Junction, 16.000;
Monarch, 1000; Petroleum Center, 20,020; Reed.
3275; Twenty-eight, 1050; Occidental. 2300;
Lion. 17,350.
The San Francisco Oil Exchange has decided
to call a special meeting of the members to
dlacuss the proposition to dissolve said asso
ciation. The meeting will take place Monday,
November 25, at 1 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Nov. f—l3 m.
UNITED STATES BONDB.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup,. — — ;4s <jr cp (new). 139 1338 L
4s quar reg — — 13a quar coup.. loß —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 53.107 — 1 Oceanic SS ss. — —
Cal-st 5s 1174 — omnibus C 65.. 123* —
C C Water ss.lll*ll34!Pac. lll*ll34! Pac G Imp 4s. 95 —
Ed LA P (a.. — — iPk AC H to.. — lUU
Fer ACI H 6s. - 12J Pk AO R t0.. 121 -
Oeary-st 5s — 100 | Powll-st R to. — —
HC A 8 545.. — — i Sac EO R sa. 944100
Do 5a.../ 99%— S F ASJV 5a.122U1»U
Los Ang R 65.117* — Sierra Cal 65.. — —
L A Light Sa.lol* — SP of Art* to
Do gntd 6a. .100 — (1909) US* —
Do gntd 55..102 103 (19101 U4* —
LA A P 65. ..102* — S Pof Cal to
Do 1 c m ss. 101 103 (1906). Ser A. 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. 127% 128% (1906), Ser 8.108% -
Do 1 c m 55. 1224 — (1906) 110* —
NR of Cal 6s. 1124112* (1912> 119% —
Do Ss 1214122H S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C t0. 106*107* c gntd 5a 109 —
Nor Cal R 55.. 111* — SPBr Cal t0.114H —
Oak Gaa 5a.... 113 — 3 V Water fa. lll*llll%
Oak Trana t0. .124* - Do 4a 103--
Do Ist c 55. -.112* — Do 4s. 3d m..KBViIO3H
- Oak Wat g 55.104 — Stktn Gas to.. — 103*
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 774 78*1 Port Costa 6tu M
Marln County. 61 — ' Spring Valley. 894 a»
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP...— — Pacific Light*. 41 —
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento . .. a
Mutual 4* 6* 8F G A E.... 44 —
Oakland — 52 Pa nFranclsco. 5 54
Pac Gas Imp. 404 424 stktn G A 8.. I -
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 24o — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cat .... 78* 784 L P A A 16fi 17*
California ....407 — Mer Ex (llq).. M n4
Cal Safe Dep..109«4 - S F National.. 130 —
First NattonL.llS S3S
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Say A Lona... — 10
Hubo.ldt — — Security 5av.. 285 360
Mutual Say... 65 — Union Trust. .l 800 —
S F Say U....US —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....1324 — OSL A H 40 —
Geary — 60 Presidio 324 —
Market SS 89*
POWDER.
Glaat 83% 88 IVigorlt 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana — 5 Kllauea 11 11H
Hawajlan - 474 Makawetl 274 »
Honokaa — 13% Onomea 14* 28U
Hutchlnaon ... 16% 16 Paauhau 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. l4B 151 Oceanic S Co.. — —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Auz FA. 1% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89% — Pac C. Borax.. 165 —
Mer Exchange.UO — Par Paint II —
Morning Session.
Board
tO Contra Coata Water TJ 00
20 Honokaa Sugar Co 13 50
10 Makawell Sugar Co » 2S
10 Makawell Sugar a 00
20 Market Street Railway so 00
S Market Street Railway g» O4
5 Market Street Railway 89 25
SOOO Oakland Transit Co 5a nj so
$5000 Ookland Tranalt Co 5a vi 2S
10 Paauhau S P Co v 25
175 S F Gas A Electric Co 44 18
20 3 V Water g» 50
$1000 S V t0...^ iv 75
200 Vlgorlt Powder 4 9714
200 Vlgorlt Powder, flat 90.. 4 g^u
$500 U S Ss (Coupon) 10S SO
Street—
10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s 107 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANOE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1 Hanford ioj 00
600 Junction yj
AUCTION SALES
£* fc» fe&
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
T W BNTT-TWO ¦ ' .'.
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS.
Property of Charles) Kerr. Bakersfleld. Cal.,
consisting of progeny of Imp. Reggie. Herald.
Lew Wler and Rio Braio, out of the dams of
Tyrona. Kitty Kelly, Free Pass. Coupon. Ate
N. Lena, Antrim. -Viking. Misty Morn, etc
Sale . Takes Place
4 Tuesday. 2
TUESDAY ..NOVEMBER 12, 1901
—At 7:45 p. m.-^—
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
- 721 Howard at., near Third. •
Catalogues Ready. WM. G. LAYNG.
Stock Now at* Yard. Auctioneer. ¦ x -
P. S. — On or about December 10, 1901. Mr.
Kerr will sell at auction all hie splendidly bred
brood mares. Watch this column for further
particulars. .' ' -
TO FORECLOSE LIEN
against D. McCarthy.
AT AUCTION.
Thirty head horses; trotters, roadsters, Hun-
garian, and some polo ponies.
THURSDAY, at 10 a. m.
Mascot Livery Stables, U0»-no« Golden Gat* '
avenue. , By order W. W. CHASE CO. J
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
TO-MORROW, MONDAY. NOV. U. 1301.
At 11 A. M.,
AT 1723 SUTTER STREET.
The Grand Parlor Upholstery; Large Pier
Mirror; Magnificent Carpets and Oriental Rug:
Oak Dining-room Set; Sideboard; Elegant Bed-
room Set; Sewing Machine; Dishes: Cook Range,
etc., of the above 8- room residence. House to
rent. •
On TUESDAY, Nov. 12. at 1140 FOLSOM gT .
at 11 a. m.. I will aell a large aaeortment of
Horsea. Wagons, Surreys. Buggies. Carts, Har-
ness and Saddles. Sale every Tuesday.
1000 Junction, s 90 M
500 Monarch of Arizona 8
100011 City Petroleum 23
» Peerless 5 124
2000 Petroleum Center 6T
3600 Petroleum Center 01
100 Sterling 1 XI%
Street—
300 Twenty-Eight 169
4000 Apollo S
.MINTNO STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
MO Best * Belcher W; 2W Overman 67
100 Challenge 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Ophir 81l
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Blecher 18 708 Gould A Carry 13
600 Best * Belcher 19 Mtt Mexican 20
JW> Chollar 07 300 Savage ar
100 Con Cal at V.I *7>, «S0 Sierra .Nevada. 14
500 Gould * Curry 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Nov. *-l 2m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. As*.
Alpha »1 02 Justice 01 61
Alia 01 Oi Kratvck — 61
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher OS <X Mexican U a
Beat & Belcher 17 18 Occidental M OS
Bullion 01 im Ophir St at
Caledonia 23 27 Overman 0$ M
Challenge Con.. 19 M Potoal M Ue>
Chollar 06 <i 7 Savage M W
Confidence 75 78 Scorpion — M
Con Cal * Va..l S6 179 Beg Belcher... OS as
Con lmiterial... — ul Sierra Nevada. 14 15
Con Naw York. 01 — Silver Hill IS It
Crown Point... 04 «St Louis at —
Eureka Con 14 —Standard 190 4 M
Exchequer — (4 Syndicate at —
Gould A Curry 11 13 Union Con 13 IS
Hale * Norc... 19 11 Utah 61 OS
Julia — 0. Yellow Jacket.. 14 tt
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Wilhelmlne English ' widow* to Elisabeth Bo
gen (wife of William Bogea). lot oa N lias)
Fell street, 181:3 W of Central avanua (Loctj,
WJoby N 137. i. $10.
Richard D. Jones to Edward F. Jonas, lot
on N Una Alvarado stxeat. 140 E of Goarrero,
E 16 by N 114: 1600.
Henry Feige to John aad Lassie Hendetaoe).
lot on N line Clipper street. 203.$ E of flanahaa
E 26:54 by N 114; $10. '
E. F. Weldon or Eliae T. Weldon to la'ahal
W. Phelpa lot on S Una Twenty-seventh streaC
155 W of Diamond, W 50 by S 114; $10.
Same to J. Hall Lewis, lot oa S line Tw«ntr
¦eventh street. 206 W of Diamond. W 50 by
8 114; »10.
H A. Masaey to L. R. H. Ms way, ail tatarvat
in lot on S line of Washington street. 70 B at
Keamy. E 47:6 by 8 14:1: $10.
Edward B. Hlndea to Caroline K. Hild«braad
(widow), lot 00 N Una of Bush street. 46:10 B
of Taylor. E 21:11 by N 100; 110.
Hlbemla Savings and Loan Society to Joan
G. McCullough, lot on NE corner of California
and Hyde streets. S 77:6 by N 80; OO.MJO.
M. Augusta Hare to Robert A. Vance all In
terest In 50-vara lota 1311 and 1123; 16.
Walter T. Robinson and C. S. Capp (executor*
estate of Thomas B. Robinson) (by Carl W
Elfving, commiaaloner) to Qeorga W. Frtnst.
lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 200 S ofS
street. S 100 by W 120: $600.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACB HOTEL.
D B Folaom. Montana H T Morrison. Stnfossl
Jno A KruseAw, Clipo Miss E C McLellan,
N Beaudry Aw, Cal Stanford *-"""•"•
Edwin Haynea. Cncago Miss M DvLuana, Stf*
A M Stevenson Jr. Miss May O Klmbis.
Stanford Stanford
E L Langworthy. Chgo Sidney N Hodgkins.
J H Hoeveler. Pa ! Stockton m " lm '
Martha Aldrtcb, D C Francis I Hodgklna,
James C How. Wn.DC Stockton
Robt Robertson, S Crual P A Ford. Stanford
Kenneth Gregory. Cal !T H Brotherton. 9tnM
R T Orvi:%w. U S NjFnorenca Heywood, Cal
David M t*lsom, Snfd lEd T Plowman, Neadls)
C E Oilman. Stanford G E Baldwin, Cal
H L Haell. Stanford W A ThompaonAw NT
J C Oalr. Chicago X Roaenthal. Chicago
Madame Emma Eamea J H Small. Sacramento
Storey. N T Misses Small. Satcto
Mlsa Fetridge, N T Miss A L Banaoa. Bkly
F Meyer, Mexico tflss A A laasjaaia. Cal
A Stelgiltx. New Tork tflaa G S Moors, BtnM
L W Bllnn. Los Ang 41m Short. Stanford
B Titcomb. Arlsona rheo Santea, Berkeley
H Bush, Stanford d W Bladstooa, Lo ~\
Paul Ruckey, Stanford Senry O Brown. L ?
Miss C Eberhard. Cal 7 A Smlto. Los Aast
Mlaa T Eberhard. Call 3r T R Hatntx. Blttl
Mlsa Hilda Eberhard, ) I Sutherland. Ensi
Santa Cms r q Noyea» Napa>
Mlaa N Hamilton. Cal 3 Welaamaan. Naw T*
Mlaa Sara, Hayden, Cal - H Hood. Chicago
Mlsa Elisabeth Gill. A. F Bller. Portland
Stanford 2 B Flood A w. 3acta>
Mlsa Maud Hahn. Stfd Mrs Fretdanbery. 3 I>
R V Ellis. Hanfonl sco W Brownley. Cj*
L B Spencer, Stanford M H Curtey. Beaton
0 J Smith. Reno, NeviMlas Curley, Boston
Lucy H Waters. Stnfd Rn A Mlnott. N T
Miss Moody. Stanford Alex Holland. N T
W E Hampton. Loe A W'm J Sngllah. Ctaaj*
Mrs W E Hampton. I «A 3eo B SteawrtAw, NTC
W a Morrison, Stnford
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs X V White, N T [ R Fryer, Santa Rosa
1 A Green, N V F Tad*. Sacto
Mr A Mrs Blundell.NZ \ V H Wallia, Sacto
Miss Blundell N Zaald ! C T Mahonay, Sact*
W H Chest nut wood. Cal F B Caldwvll. Berhle*
Mra J X Klngsbury. I Dudfleld A w, Cal
San Jom J M Jonaa. Coluaa
Mra A F Haas. Sn Joaa H B Gillla A w. Trato
C W Thomas A w, Cal N A Peary Portland
A M Cobb. Cal W R Taylor. Stanford
T J Fargue, Oakland C Kelley. Stanford
W W Douglass. Sacto O M Roseadala, PortM
C R BlodgattTStanfrd | P Harris A w, P Ait*
r H Botaford. Phi la J A Haer. Ohio
H H Adams. Stanford C Athaatoo. Stanford
A Taylor, Cal L G Moora, Stanford
J S Young Stanford > A Sylvester, Sta Roaav
D B Shults, Stanford C D Hayward, lUdwd
R H Hamilton, Stanfd G B Wolford, Martlnaa
E E, Miller. Stanford IC Stanley. Martines
A O Bennett. Sn Jose : J Rankln Jr, Martlnesi
Mlsa T Picks, Stanfrd E F Sanborn. Portland
J T Cooper. Stanford Dr F M Archer. Cal
Q P Roberts. Stockton Mlaa Thompson, Sacto
H Hammond, Stockton Mlsa B Howa. Sacto
L. Pierce, Sulsun tfra H C Hoffman. Ctaa
L Barbour, Sulaun H H Cohlayn A w.Cok>
F F Gundrum, Stanfrd r Wilson. N«w Tork
lira J Lake. Reno H Hamaon. N T
Mlsa M Thompson. Nev C B Crane. Berkeley
L Tilman A w. Vallajo Mlsa Marshall*. Bark
E Slmmoads. S Mateo C Nsramore. Stanford
H S Gay, Stanford L C Flnl«y. Stanford
Dr W P Austin. Cal L C Hawlay. Stanford
E Maler. Berkeley S W Peaaa. N T
R W TruUmayer. Cal J L Bryson. Omaam
G Carney. Missouri J M Gardner. La Aasj
Mrs L B Graves, Pata M S Mantler. Cal
M1.i.1 Gravea. Pet alum* R Young. Cal
\V W Wlnn. Sacto F Cothrln. Cal
D M Howa. Stanford Mrs TV F Glbson.Seatt
H C Grigeley. Stanford T A Ewlns, La Ana;
W W Capp, Stanford O X Patterson A w.r*
E C Bsach. Stanford H J Chlnn. St Helen*
P E Lamb. Stanford Mrs C R Heath. Vailja
Mlsa Lamb. Stanford P Morriaaay, N T
H C Scalaa. Stanford C W Fryon. Aasjeta
W O Soalaa. Stanford H B Griffith Aw. CM
M J Newbarg. Stanford 9 Wataraan A w, Cal
H B Sharp, Oxnard T Pouadstona, Ortakaa
W H Wfkb. ¦allaaa
434
Hale*. 1 Hftl * > ">" > j Hale'a. y Hale* j Hale'g. j
JfL. Long Wraps Are Fashionable.
f\ N^.' \/ \V hat doesn't mean that automobiles, box coats or short jackets are not fashionable, but the garment that falls to the
/ skirt-edge is preferable. Women : made up their minds so quickly that hardly ; 'a store was ready to supply them — even now
'• * .-J3\ HALE S ARE FIRST TO SHOW THEM. Their happiest hit is their being— ;;;;:-
P"Hnf) Rain-proof and Yet as Dressy as Any Wrap.
J P^ Good-by to the mackintosh and rubber coat. They are doomed. One wears 1 pretty cloths now to shed water, and still
A the process doesn't change the looks or affect the durability of the.cloth one whit. , ~ i
\ \fl I. Our cloak captain last April saw the popularity of these wraps and got in on the ground floor with the leading maker.
&fo7s\ ji\\ I If he had waited to be sure, dear knows when we would get.the : 1 m •
Ax^CvV I . garments. The entire country has gone wild over them — mak- NeW Sllit StylCS.
iVJ^X"^ I ers have lost their heads. ; :' * *12.75_Cheviot suits with Russian blouse jackets, turned-back cuffs, jac-
/ A^P\^V// T I Our complete variety is quite a contrast to the famine ' ket trimmed with bands and tabs of stitched satin— skirt to match— it
I /r*7 x^*. < •' • I .i -i v j \\t ij m i i • ha. • ¦ i also has a graduated flounce; navy and black.
/J/ // tha S abrOad - We COUld easily ask big profits-seeing we have l 6 .sO_Smartly tailored cheviot suits-new blouse jackets trimmed with
/ /' /// 1 it all our way. But no — that S not Hale S policy. broad taffeta bands stitched on.. and finished with braid ornaments—
/ vV-~ -•'.'••"" I g^ _ rVT^ r\..^.L.^^^ fir — : •4£ jackets are taffeta — skins have graduated flounces, trimmed with
/ I (JUT INCW DUCfICSS VVra,p : ep10»7«%. taffeta bands to match jacket— colors, black, brown or navy.
/ • I We oicture it here Full leneth of course falling prar- *18.75— 0NE OF THE NEW NORFOLKS-Jackets are taffeta lined and
I ! 1 We picture it nere. run lengtn, ot course, tailing grace- finished with straps— yokes are piped with satin, skirts have panel fronts
/ 1 fully from the yokes to the edge of skirt. Collar is velvet, waist with graduated flounce and are satin piped— and brown. The most
/ 1 and sleeves lined with serge silk— flowing sleeves with turn. -^T^x'handUom^ oebble cheviot costume with eton 'acket under
/ \ back cuffs make it doubly effective — just as dressy in the rain $24.75— A handsome Debbie cheviot costume, with eton jacket, under
# \ back cuffs make it doubly effective— just as dressy in the rain which peeps out a white satin vest-also trimmed with stitched satin
/ \ as in the sun. It'll be worn most as a slip-on over-wrap for bands— lined with taffeta— skirt has a flaring flounce and-is finished with
/ \ evening wear. Stunningly pretty-only $10.75. Wide nd narrow Batin bands - three colors-black, brown or navy '
/ \ Other New Long Wraps. BOX CoatS? 3 Stylish Ones.
/ 1 98.95 — A full-length wrap made from covert cloth, with yoke back, velvet •-. - A • t. \ •*!. • • . i « Cl - . ...
/ V collar, flaring sleeves and turn-back cuffs— Oxford grays. f 7.50— box coat with semi- fitting back, flare cuffs, velvet collar and
/ \ f 14.75— A full-length wrap— made from the new Heptonette cloth. It velvet trimmings, silk serge lined, 4 colors, tan, castor, black or navy.
£ ' \ falls in graceful folds from the yoke to the skirt hem— a velvet col- ?O«T5— coat— in the popular box style, fitted enough in the back to
C \ - lar, turn-back cuffs— waist and sleeves arc lined with satin— is shaped give it a graceful curve, collar is velvet and cuffs turned back with
a trifle at the — tans and Oxfords. . . stitched straps on — lined with beautiful satin.
I ' "^ 16.50— Heptonette cloth in tans and Oxford grays— half-fitting yoke $13.50— Pretty box coat, in tan. castor or — made of fine kersey
— velvet collar and cuffs — and sleeves are lined with satin. : cloth with half-fitted back, velvet collar, turn-back cuffs, which are set
m Other full length wraps $18.75, $22.50, 37.50. off with band of stitched velvet. Edges are trimmed with velvet bands—
j v Pull-Length Silk Wraps— 29.7s, $45.00, $47.50 and $55.00. best iatin lining— 27 inches long.
3 *?« t??/ s Dress Goods
Came to us just at the right time. They are just right goods, too. Just
the goods you'd go to regular stock and pay twice as much for. This ener-
getic firm see a bigger future for them selves in the exclusive commission busi-
ness. They were not going to let a few thousand dollars' worth of dress
goods stand in their way. They lose now in order to gain more later on. So
it is we are selling
This Season's Stuffs at Half Their Worth.
Serges, Whipcords, Homespuns, Camel's Hair, Henriettas, Drap d'Ete,
Granites and so on. Mostly colored goods.
We'd like to give definite information. Afraid — might not be enough
to go round.
Two lines we are safe in mentioning are:
50-inch Black Venetians 75c. 81.00 Black Serges 75c.
A splendid black stuff in best dye and finish. BO Inches wide, extra heavy and all-wool.
Some other good values aside from the Brett stock are:
BLACK GRENADINXS 91.00. 1.25 and • 1.50— never more
popular for evening and reception gowns — they come in stripes, fig-
ures and plain designs — 42 and 44 inches wide.
VELVETS *I.OO— The newest colors have been added to our already
very large assortment of shades. You can't think of a shade you can ask
for that we haven't got, and the Quality is superb.
BLACK LACE-STRIPED TAFFETA 81.25 — And entirely new design —
very desirable for full costumes — a very heavy cloth, 20 inches wide.
BLACK CORDED SILKS 75c and 85c— Favorite stuff for waists-^omes
in those beautiful soft Louisine and taffeta grounds — 19 inches wide and
in many designs.
BLACK TAFFETA SILKS— Of the best Swiss make— very soft and lus-
— something good — 19 inches wide 45c, 23 inches wide 65c, 27
inches wide 75c.
12!>c Silesia 7ic— lsc Black Percaline Bj,c.
The lining business Is roing to hava a Mr boom to-morrow; such staple stuffs as th<*e
at such prices are bound to briar much business. The sileila is In black, brown and
gray; the percaline is black only, but a full yard wide.
50c Music This Time 72C.
That's the Best Music News We Ever Printed. The pieces are the
very latest Eastern successes.
"MY CAROLINE." a coon song by Lee Johnson, which is also ar-
ranged as a schottische. and "BELLE OF HONOLULU," by the same
composer. Pieces marked 50c we are going to sell to-morrow and while
they last 716c — in the music department — 2nd floor.
100 Trimmed Hats in
Styles and materials you've been used to seeing at
$8.00, $9.00 and $10.00
Are Marked Now $5.00
Monday for the First Time — Our millinery values never shone ss
bright as they do now. They are attracting much attention. Of the most
important is this lot of hats we put on sale at Five Dollars.
They are all hand-made. Some are velvet, others felt, tucked chiffons
and — trimmed with ribbons, shaded breasts, pom-pons, gun metal and
steel ornaments. • ¦
To-morrow another Christmis Feature.
Doll Cabs and Go-Carts.
Not an Old Style.
Hale's, as usual, takes the lead. The store has begun to
feel the thrill of Christmas enthusiasm — week it was dolls;
yes and
This Big Doll Display Continues.
But added to them this week are doll buggies and go-carts.
We are spreading out these Christmas things because we've
got more space to show them now; then there are lots of folks
who like to buy early; they say they find more to see and less
to bother them. *
You'll be interested in these doll vehicles, for
They Are All So New and Pretty.
They embrace all the new ideas brought out this season.
' Many of them are modeled after the full-grown carriages.
I *rt I Doll Cabs. <.
!_ e <\Vs i 25c— Rattan body, measures It In. by 14 Inches, wooden wheels; two
23 V>7L styles. A bit cab for the price.
VrffiPL j 4»c—lUtUn body, measures 1* Inches, has tinned steel wheels and
jrjwjpvp* etar c*ar. •
DjoilCfei" 7£#r— R**«i body, messurt Sxl% Inches. Body varnished and colored:
">* / OUr fancy Unlnrs. Ptar rear and wooden wheels
K& Enameled reed body, regular else, nicely lined, with parasol and
trod, *t**i wheel*, jellt trimmed knobs. Assorted colors— red. pink,
, blue and white. Our popular leader.
Yx-e?' 7.OS— Full-sized scroll, rattan body, figured velour lining, with satin
Vi-Lo it CO roll - parasol top. high-grade steel spring gear, rubber tire wheels
>-<H '•• lf A perfect model of a high-priced baby carriage.
vHtt Doll Go-Cart*.
aj 23c— Natural color reed body, height of body 14 Inches. Wooden
nm ¦j wheel*. A sr-eclal value.
UfA IfJJ. OBc— ls Inches high, full varnished body, with fancy lining, parasol
VJ JUggr rm and rod. has heavy steej wheels. A very pretty cart.
*y OSc— l« inches high, fin* enameled body In red, white, pink and blue,
J2L has gilt knobs and st'el wheels. This cart Is well worth $1 *6.
«»¦ "ft A $!.«»- Regular site. heavily enameled, colors, with gold trimmings,
\ l\>i-v parasol and rod, steel -axle and metaf wheels. A very pretty cart.
\V<r* v ,-^ f1..5— A reclining go-cart, varnished rattan body, parasol and rod.
v VrY Iron axles and metal wheels.
7.7StojL §2.40- Varnished rattan body, rolled sides and back, tinsel cloth para-
Sjfcrn »01. with <i "" 1 ' ruffle, «teel gear with double spoke wheels. A
UjTCjMj flne value.
/ -JH^2 $1 .as-Full »nam#']Ml body, with gilt knobs, steel ; axle with heavy
fiinNfia tinned *"¦*' *" 1 "- A l"^ il» cart and well made.
Yi\) (2&& »>4.as-llattan. ¦well front and rolled side and back, heavy turned
>*^ <Jy^ ' handl*. steel rprlngn. double spoke metal wheels, fancy sateen
. paracol with ruffle. a strong, well-made and handsome cart.
.—-ysetL^/ts. Patent Doll Sleepers.
*\<3se3s9B& f 2.7tt— Painted In pink, white and green, scroll reed body, with de-
\ V^r-r V tachabl* cushions. Iron axles and metal wheels. ? novelty and
« {^SXt'-^^i X. lre " made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtli, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901*
iflss^skw. yw\s. ~~^^^^sw <if¥v4^^ [[>"' -^*~v*j>V ' ~^ssfllm
ifflS. Hale's Hosiery Enterprise mf
v\\ W AGAIN ASTONISHL6 EVERY ONE. HI
Vli|/ We are after your good will. We want you to think a good deal \ia§
<?/%S7 i*i W of us. But we must give you a good reason for doing so. So we show SJ§!'*^ J '
IH.V NOW-250 NEW SPRING STYLES. ill
Msi*\ Not an Old Pattern Among Them! They Are Styles Entirely Different From (\3Bsk
/*fj v/ Anything Yet Shown. As near as we can find out. San Francisco never saw such a N^jflS^
/ff/Tf / demonstration. It would be the talk of the town if it came four months hence. Who \^ "SEa
v ' / ¦ can foresee the stir it's sure to create coming at the beginning of November? and in y v^T
I'-S^^i plenty of time for the holidays? There'll be more pretty stockings given this Christ-
X -J mas on account of it than ever before. , v " % . ¦ Lr^ssssr
n/ffllUL- The Fan "y Lace Stockings Will Lead. ' -j#f |Bf
l(il%VlVs\) We have them in all tllc en - work variations, cotton or silk, up to 55.00 a pair. TJPIbsHI!
(tv/nlllf HI In black and colored stockings •'•¦ IS 9 D
ilHlgl The Ankle Effects Are the Newest. . \ m VT^
ill////// And of them all the clockwork patterns come first. We picture several of them here Ym »
miff/// as well as many others. - .- \JBI H
-r mm SILK EMBROIDERED HOSE 25c PAIR. FANCY HOSE AT $1.00 PAIR. iff
• ° fg/llf Ladles" imported black" cotton Hose; fine 15 new styles ladles' Imported fancy lUle ill
ft] At cause and elastic- 8 styles or red. blue, white Hose; allnver lace In black lisle with colored / 111
' fljllf • and lavender: silk embroidered deigns on the »llk ambroldcry up the front; also black lisle ///?fl« «L
' *11l I lniteD- sizes 84 to 10. w|th re<l . blu^. yellow and white silk em- r / sssß
V «111 l instep, sues .-, 10 broMered vertical stripes from toe to top. All 1MB?
, vA\\Vk CIUPV (TRIPE!) MfKF 3l||t PAIR handsome new patterns. > fm'^W
j N«ivak rAHUY blnlrtU nuat 09C r»m. unite ciypv uncc tioK da id /Mr
n{wJ^ Some 10 styles ladles' Imported fancy lisle LAUICO XM\i\ HUSt 51. /0 PAIR. L&JT
—iitrfXT and cot 1 0" Hose; black with white stripes. jo new styles ladles* Imported fancy lisle /¦!¦¦_
•'•aSS^aW' 1 black wlth rdr ' d » tr| l v **. r*"lr *" 1 wlth black stripes. thread Ho M ; cerl»e. heliotrope and royal blue R&afiEBSI
alh^.dlifetw . Ysl» blue with white stripes, red with white wlth white serpentine d«-nlitn of lace openwork jjUl PV
lS9aflFi stripes; either striped from toe to top cr black up th , front; also the new .hade of (Cray, with IB B/
b<x>U and striped tops; all new. Murk and white • lllt embroidered vertical iflfSPßl*
'^^P FANCY HOSE AT 50c PAIR. UDIeT FANCY HOSE $1.50 PAIR. . !188
'?Sf?f4lCa White cotton Ho with wide blark stripes Jarquani silk embroidered stripe from nnkl- Mjf
' yjfejga fr " m *°« 'P,." 1 ':,,. «,;• * ««^ P *y- r v^ ' to top: blark nllover lnc « «••«> »»»: embroidered IMPM?
'¦ WftSni Hlack. with white stripes and checks. stripe* and flcur de Us BLhUW
1 H -Ft X, u h '*• blue - whl " ° r , '7 n r WOMEN'S OPENWORK SILK HOSIERY. W$
Pf P ,^ei B^n h a^e a^Tan^M 8^ ' "£« SS bUCk bri ' M ™"^'^ ' /JR
M n^^r l^"^ b - a *-° a - * uover %~& ««« .... ho«. R,ch.. Usd Wk
V^mS, ' FANCY HOSE AT 75c. ' •£g?gi ls£.?Fl $£.?F . k i * " " lk Ho lace • Jl
25 new styles ladles' Imported fancy lisle Women's plain black bright silk Hose. Rlche. Woßßbb^^
thread Hose; black, with colored silk embrold- lieu ribbed tops, . Rembrandt clocked ankle*. "" Mm Ibb^
! \SE| ered |n*tep; Yale blue or black, with white. %2 75 pair. » • . ... • fl^Lw^
rold or red silk clockM ankle: also pretty Ladles' black allover openwork lace Hose <flisß^
jl mm » desla-ns In the popular allover lace effects. 14 80 and $5 pair. • LZSL— _^_L
Shopping and Traveling Bags.
Handy, convenient pieces — worthily and carefully made. Else we wouldn't have them. We
think too much of your good will to dally with it for the trifling difference between what is cheap
and what seems cheap. We'd rather go slow and make every step count than to hurry and have to
retrace our steps. Everybody can see how > <
This Leather Goods Business Is Growing.
Yes, it's a healthy growth. The right goods at the right price always will command attention.
We couldn't be better fixed to give you what you want in shopping and traveling bags than
we are now. ji- !1 .-.. >. < vj f --ii>^fl 'f ft iJ § ...
50c hopping Bags 35c. I-* *. /J//> .v5->/ 7 / >-*JsJ' #^'^ I English Hand Bags $1.75
Women's— top with drawstring— '^W&'^\S^^ Of genuine jrrain leather— chamois' lined
an inside pocket and fastened with a ' * /^fe/«/ .\'-W- '-"> with an inside pocket — nickel chain and
strong clasp— pictured below— it is an ex- isW/SflfeV ''/'./ '. '* ' 1 I frame— arc made in the new panel
tra value— the 108 we have can't last long. dSgggraETl •'» II shape, as shown below.
Grain <£S£&£S*J%* .ran,, , f , , 7| jM j. '"M W'JZ^ttfZZ**' f 9^.,
All leather covered frames — stitched and I * /fm.igfi I \' J - Wntei.ni.nAt vr ¦• m
rivcted-lcathcr handles, buckle and strap. ,j '/L \W I \if i.", ;nchc?fon ?i r C ° C *
Cub baft. $. 9S //li : .fpK/ I'™ I|| 1 -. ? 2 inch . es lon st eel frame, inside . parti-
.•l i 8 • t i .i '• Ih^fZzA \t I t!tl on and Rood steel handle *"""
As pictured below— 14 inches lonfir, steel . /\>4^#i \ ' \\ ' Rnv Kh .° D
frames, cloth lined, brass locks-all made /^IIbT A V T Baijs.
of imitation grain leather. I /Tlfi 7 Ull •'•"*' • 4 assor , tmcn of these pretty pieces is
Leather .Shopping Ba*« 61.25. / W^sl»4C\ \| II , * A Col 2 lete now-$1.25 to ?2.50.
Silk tops— outside handkerchief pocket / // [: \ \l| Onc-Plcce Pocket Books 78c.
— leather-bound on bottom and sides ' // » v V^L\ ' All seal— leather-lined, strengthened with
— very roomy, very neat — we print a pic- ,y '£/ «m \ leather Russets, silver-mounted
ture of it below. . // \^ IMP \ $1.25 Pocket Book Marked 75c.
Seal l Chatelaine Bags $1 25. // iKk Good leather, all seal, set off with silver
And of genuine seal, too— they have «¦// . IiIaSSL. mounting. .«>•.«" wun suver
outside handkerchief pockets, are all lined '/ ilDtSsC^ * Coin Purses Pc /
prefty^nobbT 3180 '" lnSidC P ° CkCt // ' -nP n i'" ia " Morocco -a" colors, leath-
. mtmi * t>t T mm _. '',. .>>>ssjsjssss»sssiiiii' T'\ I,
: •-; ••¦¦ ; -:b»i*'m. -:;-— ".'•--•-;.|fr-- ; ¦'/.--•¦i-'.-^-Hw*.' .¦¦ ¦ :•¦(-.
Neck RucheS $5.50 * Women Have'
We couldn't tell less than $8.00 if we didn't make (iOIIG Wfld
them ourselves. • • " ¦ JV fl » Tham '
We've no extra profit on material to make up or UVCF 1 11601.
an expensive plant to keep going: ' And we can make You' ll not wonder at it
them better than those we can buy. We have to. . - when * ou •** them - ,
It the thread pulls out, or the pleating loses its w ] ~ r""!^r ""!^
flufhness, you hold us to account. The manufacturer never knows where
his go, nor does he care, nor does he hear from them again. All he wants is
his money. All we want is satisfaction. We are getting it in big chunks. "
That why ours are so good— so cheap— .much in demand. We can't
make them fast enough. The workroom was behind on it's orders when this
was written, but they promised to have an extra supply on hand Monday
morning. .. •
Made of fine quality chiffon, trimmed with silk ribbon, J^-inch wide —
they are made in the new cape effect with long spiral ends; black and
white, or white on black, or all black and all white. •
VEWTSE LACE COLT.ABS AND REVERES. sOc-Cream and ecru. Other*
COJ.T.A;R» ANT) BEVF.RES. »Bc— br heavy Veals* lace: ©them In a combina-
tion of Venlse lace and fine net; still other* in Battenber* lace in cream, white, ecru.
ATJTOMOBIL'F TITS, »1.00-Made of taffeta illk with corded stock and fancy
herring-bone «tltchlng; other* with fancy stitched ends ard collars: others with ends
finished with fancy lace braid, top collars to match; still others with rolka ctots and
having- fancy stitched borders. ~
ATJTO'WOHTT.'F 1 . TTBB. fl.3s— With taffeta, peau de sol* and crepe de chine fancy
stitched borders, finished with lace and lace braid.
POPULAR MAttPTTI RTJCHES-Made from liberty silk, set off with ribbon, lace
and niching; Ions; pleated ends. There la much style and tone to them. $2. $2 25, 13.
U, 14 50, $7 50 and $12.
BLACK I.TUTTITY RUCHES-S«t off with narrow Juby trimming and Ions;
pleated handkerchief ends. They're full and fluffy, lend a charm and finish to one's
outfit that nothing else does, |1 30. $2. $2 GO. 13 50. U. 15. », 17 50. '.
The Free Art School.
You've indorsed it heartily. We've already more pupils than we had cal-
culated on. To meet this increase we've engaged additional teachers. Each
of the six branches has lessons every hour in the day. So every one can ar-
range to attend at some convenient time.
Can you conceive of any finer opportunity to learn to ¦
Make Christmas Gifts or
Things for Church Bazaars and Fairs?
Take those paper novelties — shades, sachet bags and such things
— what can look prettier or be so much for the money? You could turn
around and realize handsome money on them at the fair or bazaar.
MBS. SUMMER will take pains to show you how to make them.
. Yes, the '
Making of Paper Novelties
|is most pleasant of all. and you can learn so quickly; some have caught on
in three lessons. Paper makes the prettiest pieces for the least money of
them all. v
MR. BAMISH— The leading china deco- Embroidery Work.
Uon. r dallr'in * ***** *™ !Mtruc - The feature that m^it women Ilk. i.
uons aauy in the course of 13 lessons she offers; 12 de-
Chirm Pnlnrind - signs are stamped on one piece of linen:
cnina fainting. when . finished makes a beautiful center
He will show you .how to prettily and piece,
daintily decorate jardinieres, vases, tobacco Leather* Burning
"**"' P "' Plat *"' tC - Occupies another booth, and we are as
MISS A. JACKSON— expert lace busy there as any place. We have th«
maker. Is giving FREE INSTRUCT- very best talent to Instruct you. and carry
TIONB DAILY In . . as well a full line of skins In all colon:
in \%, i 4 cl*«««" dally. INSTRUCTIONS ARE
Lace Drawn Work. free, remember.
She has booth No. I. and will show yoa SB^^S^^P US, Jt^JH US'
how to do all kinds of lace work, lnclud- ¦fisPlrtl#sF? r f%>2S£i f^^S*Z. n i? w -
Ing Battenberg. Honlton and Duchess P^.i f ?l.** * re anxious to learn how
braids. to mm * lt * them.
MIP? cn»_AV"F!RT-H*a charge of an- BA^!!T?^TbVbO 6 BRAIIW.* ** »5»
other booth In which she Is giving PIECE— * yards each; whit* or
FREE LESSONS IN • 1 cream. - ¦ \
$1 00 Black Cat Pillow Tops 85c
One of the catchiest pillows of the season'— the picture represents three cats
sitting in different postures on the hearth before a fire In the grate — the cats
look for all the world as though they were real, even to the real fur which
you can pat and stroke. They are tops every one sells at $1.00. We have a
few scant dosen marked Monday morning for the first time at 85c each.
Blanket Inducements
You Can't Afford to Pass.
Hale's is a good place to buy — you're safe, that's
why. You know you are getting your moneys worth. An all-
wool blanket must be all wool. '. ¦ :
Then we don't say they are 7-4 or 8-4 or 9-4, but measure
by inches. The particular news is: . tt r p*
$ 1.00 a pair— worth $2.25— Baby blankets— white, all wool. .16x48
inches with pink and blue borders.-silk bound-^-are just here from the
mills and at this reduced price will make quite a stir.
93.50 a pair— Gray blankets for double — they weigh 5 lbs, are neatly
finished and measure 70x82 inches — fifty pairs.
3.75 a "HALES GUARANTEED BLANKET"— white wool.
60x80 inches— are finely woven and shrunk— safest blanket we
know of for the price — 145 pairs.
$4.75 a — White wool blankets — they weigh 5 lbs and measure 66x80
inches— fifty pairs. ' ' - - ¦
$5.00 a pair— Single robe blankets — they are all wool and come in fancy
Jacquard fStterns— inches— for bath robes.
6.50 a pair— blankets— all pure wool, heavy and serviceable white
wool blankets — very heavy, very big— 74x00 inches, and made in Cali-
fornia — pairs.
; Homer Laughlln's ';.,«
Best White Dinnerware.
(Every Piece Stamped.)
Goes on sale to-morrow morning at
Lowest Prices Known to San Francisco.
There's plenty of even-thing, too, for everybody. We know
of 'no dinnerware so many families use as the white — and of
all the white dinnerware in the world Homer Laughlin's is the
best. v It's positively guaranteed not to craze or crackle. So isn't
this good news? . We've been waiting weeks to print it — the
carload wasn't all unpacked at present writing, but it will be by
Monday. £3.-^i
It's not old-style; rather in
Newest Shapes and Designs. : ~'
You might think there was something wrong with it — ,**&%&?
. there isn't. You couldn't find anything more desirable.
We placed such a big contract those people were glad to a j? Mb
shave their profits a bit. Then, to make the good thing tit | |vf
better, we are shaving ours a little. • \%. % &/
We are prepared for a week or two of the liveliest selling -*
in the crockery store we ever had. j£3k
¦ Tea Cups and Saucers 98c Dozen. (S»L_l_^)
And the new Seneca style, too— most recent thing out. ]J? %«nJw)»
Other folks get $1. 25 for them. /%ls~A. f\
. Dinner Plates 80c Dozen. ij^So>}\\
With embossed festoon edges — size. The 10-inch \K^^^A (^#
plates are OOc. urCaoßsVe^i'
8 INCH DESSERT PLATES ARE TBc DOZ.— The T inch onta are SdL^ssftW
Oc. These also have embossed festoon edges. ¦ ¦ TttfiVvnTMr
BREAD AND BUTTER PLATES. 55c DOZ.-Wlth new hind of edges. *4»--'.'i L -T
80UP PLATES. 2 SHAPES. OOc DOZ.— style. •• • - . •«
OPEN VEGETABLE DISHES. 13c-Oval shape— ones-9X-tach **&w£^ '
ones JIOc.. ¦• ¦ • ¦ .«. , ' . ,- Qs-^->
PLATTERS. lOc— ll'Wnch nil*— used for meat; UH-lnta slae. l»c*
is V,- Inch. »Ac: Inch. 33c. , - , . . -^^jiw
INDIVIDUAL BUTTERS. 30e DOZ. ¦ .
FRUIT OR BERRY SAUCERS. 3"*o DOZ. <£^sbsp— : »«C2s>
PICKLE DISHES. IBe EACH. / • • X^ 1 -i f^
OAT MEAL BOWLS DOZ '. * N^- j,^
ROUND NAPPIES OR SALAD BOWL 3. 13c. Mnch slse: l-tnch ones *v
¦ are 3Oo; 9-lnoh 30c. s^*^*^*
DEEP BOWLS. 8c and lOc each. pRAm *>»>
WASH BOWL'S AND PITCHERS. OSc PAIR. « .' . NS^TSsrTr
SOAP DISHES— open. Sc each. • >; ?« , «~ ,
COTTAGE -DINNER SETS. «3.1»-new Seneca shapes-44 pieces. -^^.Jw
enough for t. persona. H .»»•».••. /(*d^BL^S?ZL j
COVERED CHAMBER PAILS OS«-Really worth |LSS: they have / n2*^-^*^*'
metal bale; no better on the market. -.¦- . V - \y— f^y