Continued on. Page Three.
Continued on Page Two.
when enthusiasm for missions shall' have
grained possession of 'man's home, when
the! mother and the little ones shall have
learned to love the labor for Christ, ' then
the victory shall draw near, for the little
child shall lead the ' busy, " careless ' man
to love thit which -It "doth love. -"" '
So,', then, we \u25a0 are . bold .-. to say "the morn
ing cometh," although • w e be "quick
to add "and ' also night." Albeit, theaa
' 'rays of light do but penetrate with difficulty;
• .the surrounding blackness, yet are they
•'. v liirht"; they are the Vflnser3 of the dawn,"
/^&^HE General Convention of, the Episcopal Church of .America,
/ 1 which terminated, yesterday,,: was, without doubt, one of The
greatest religious gatherings;,ever witnessed in '.the- country.
Members of the convention have 'stated time and tims again
that at no previous gathering of its kind has -the attendance been so
large or the quality of debate excelled. , , v ;
The prelates, clergymen and laymen have expressed their-unqualified
d'elight at the cordial reception accorded to them by the •residents of San
Francisco. • i ... .- !^'
. Hundreds of the distinguished visitors have compared the reception
given. to them in San Francisco/with that extended in other cities in the
East and all unite in saying that no' previous eon vention' of the Episcop'al
church has ever been igiven the attention that^has .been .accorded to th«
one held in this city. ' . , .. : '\u25a0'- \u25a0_".'\u25a0 v'' ; '-.
VISITORS DELIGHTED WITH RECEPTION.
Prelate of Kentucky Reads
Stirriog Address fori)
Pulpit.
BISHOP DUDLEY OF KENTUCKY DELIVERING THE PASTORAL LETTER.
The pastoral letter follows:
In compliance with your request, dear
brethren of the clergy and of the laity,
end la accordance with our time-honored
custom,, your Bishops are come to speak
parting words . of exhortation and of
blessing. The session of the great synod
is ended. "We have taken counsel to
jrether cf the things concerning the king
dom of God; ire have made more nearly
perfect, es we trust, the organization for
the accoapllabjnent of Its work; we
have chosen new leaders of the militant
bost; ">e have devised, as we believe,
larger enterprise of future advance.
Surely we have gained new courage by
clasping the hands ' of brothers beloved,
and we go forth boldly Into the nijfht.
the night of trial and of battle, looking
for and waiting for the dawn of victory
and peace. But ere we part and set
forth, each to his appointed place in. the
great field of battle, we hear your voice
calling to us whom the king has eet as
watchmen upon his city's towers,
"Watchman, tell us of the night." And
the answer is returned now as in the old
time, "The morning: cometh and also the
night."
\u25a0We bid you first of all rejoice because
surely the morning beginneth to dawn.
tVe cry aloud. "Let no man's heart fail
him for fear," because eurely the signs of
the triumph are plain and unmistakable,
though the battle must still be long and
weary. Behold, our triennial assembly has
been Gathered In this queen city of our
furthest West, and thither the, tribes have
corae up, the organized tribes of our Is
rael, from every State and Territory of
our continental Inheritance. Think to-day
cf the meeting of that IHtle handful of
dispirited churchmen on that other «ea
ehore 3000 miles away. e. little more than
one hundred years ago. They puzzled sore
how to keep alive the old church in the
••w Uad. They almost despaired of »e-
PASTORAL LETTER
OF BISHOP DUDLEY
\u2666 fly N lts efforts t0 clean U P tne busi
gH ness of the session the House of
HH Deputies went to work yesterday
11 H ; morning with a rush. Long
\u25a0™ speeches were looked upon with
" disfavor, and motions abd reso
lutions were acted upon with a quickness
that- was surprising. An attempt was
made; to have the reading of the minutes
dispensed" with,' but as this was impossi
ble,- awing . : to a : constitutional provision,
time had to be taken to tell of the doings
Vt{the_ preceding day. . _-. . -\u25a0•*.-'---:
\u25a0 /Pwo'messages ( i were read from the
House of Bishops notifying! of Its concur
rence with, the deputies in amending; title
1, canon 13, exempting from the operation
of that measure relating to the age limit
for deaconesses those who have already
entered as candidates for that order, and
of its concurrence in amending title 1,
canon 19, section 6, sub-section 5, concern
ing-the constitution and canons for mis
sionary districts.
•Upon motion of Mr. Saunders resolution
on number 20 from the calendar, relative
to the canon on provinces, the House of
Deputies concurred with the House of
Bishops.
MANY COMMITTEES
• ARE APPOINTED
Rev. Dr. Lindsay appointed the follow
ing committees:
On provinces — Rev. I>rs. Davenport,
-Williams, Grosvenor, Taylor, Beckwith,
and Messrs. Saunders, Stiness, Battle,
'. Bergrwin and Wilson.
Change of name of church— Rev. Drs.
• Greer, Fisk, Egar, More and Rodgers, and
\u25a0 Messrs. Lewis, Lyman, Packard, Soden
and Morehouse.
" Joint commission on holy matrimony
and divorce— Rev. Drs. D.ix, Fulton. Ec
' cleston, and Messrs. Stetson, ' Old and
\u25a0\u25a0•Bradford. •. -
- Rev. Dr. Huntingdon of New York, from
the committee on amendments to the con
• stitution, presented a report on message
s No. 43 from, the House of Bishops relative
to .the proviso to article 10 of the constl
1 tution, viz. : .that .nothing in . the article
shall be construed as restricting the au
thority of "the ' Bishops " of the church to
'take -such 'order' as may" be permitted by
the rubric of the Book of Common
Prayer, or by the canons of the General
Convention for the use of special forms
of worship. The committee reported that
the privilege already existed and no ac
tion was necessary, for which reason they
asked to. be discharged. r The matter was
placed on the calendar.
Rev. Dr. Duncan of Louisiana, chairman
of the committee on the state of the
church, reported that no further action
could be taken on the memorial from the
diocese of Indiana relative to certain
metnods ji shortened
servlvss., the Hatch resolution regarding
tiiS regiect of <*eru\l\i offices of' the prayer
book,' th«f "jJe .Witt resolution relative to
instructed teachers and the Hughes reso
lution on the subject of the Church En
dowment Society. He asked to have the
committee discharged from further con
sideration of these subjects. It was so
ordered^ ,
Rov. Dr. Mooie, chairman of the joint
committee on conference relative to se
cresy in the nomination of missionary
Bishcps, stated that there was a rule in
the House of Bishops which would make
such a course impossible. He therefore
asked for the di.-charge of the committee.
Thii y,a= so ordered.
QUrSTiCN O CHANGS
\u25a0 OF "NAM I OF CHURCH
' Mr. Lewis offered a resolution, asking 1
.that I the joint committee on proposed
change of name of the church publish
their report six' months before the session
of the next triennial convention and that
the. chairman of both houses be empow
ered to fill vacancies on the committee.
g Rev. Dr. Egar of Albany, from the com
mittee on conference in regard to the
.amendment of section 3, article I, of the
constitution, relative to the presldlns
curing from the mother In bonds to the
state the transmission of apostolic au
thcrity and ordinances, to the successful
rebels against that stated authority, and
the proposition was heard, to resort to the
use cf self-appointed ministry as justified
by providential necessity. But faithful
persistency did at last prevail and the
coveted rift was at last bestowed, and to
day every acre of our continent of free
dom Is under the supervision of apostollo
bishop and pastor. Grant, as must In
honesty bs granted, that in many vast re
gions the organization la but a skeleton;
grant that there are but few sheep tn.many""
a wide wilderness for the pastor's care;
grant, too, that the chief pastors look ana
look in vain for men. consecrated men, to
seek these widely separated wanderers,
and. worse still, that finding them, they
dare not In their penury bid the volunteers
to come, yet still may we rejoice and be
• strong in the recognition that the flag has
been planted in every provincial division
of the great republic, and that in almost
every one of the ancient church Is stronger
to-day, stronger in all that makes for the
accomplishment of its purpose than was
the church in the whole country In tho
day when the Independent nation was
newborn into the world.
ENCOURAGEMENT IN
FIGURES OF CENSUS
The census taker may give but doubtful
testimony ae to the progress 'of the church, .
and now, as In the ancient days, it may be
foolishness unto.the.Lord. to_.be, numbering ...
his people lest our confidence shall be In
our multitude rather than in his spirit, yet -
may we be strengthened by the witness of '
the .Government of our . country.. that, the .-
proportionate gain of the ancient church of
our race has In the past decade been greater '<.
than that of any other organization for the
teaching of Christ's religion. And although %'
as already Intimated the company of ' the '•
preacher* is not yet great, although the
young manhood of the church "in most of
our dioceses has apparently but little en
thusiasm for the work of its ministry; al- -
though this Is an alarming elgn of our '
time, an evil whose explanation we may
seek In our further consideration, yet we •
may and must thank God that a number
every year do offer themselves for tho self
denying service. And lastly, despite the
lugubrious recounts! of our parsimony
which one may hear on every hand, fie
splto the deficit in the receipts of our mis
sionary treasurer which has made us
afraid, despite the Tact that beyond all con
troversy our gifts to missions are as noth
ing whea reckoned by the rule of Christian
celf-surrender. by the proportion of the
wealth of churchmen, and by comparison
•with the magnificent donations of church
men to objects and Institutions not under
church control, yet even herein may we
not be made afraid, for without the shadow
of a doubt the progress in this particular,
the development of the recognition of this
Christian obligation, has been marvelous.
Go, read the records in the mission house.
You shall not be long employed in adding
the paltry columns which proclaim the
total of contributions to missions in these
years now long past. Until the day came
that the heroic utterance was made that
membership in the church is membership in
the missionary society, that- the necessary
obligation of every baptized disciple Is to
give to missions, till then the contributions
were, one may almost dare say, nothing.
But, since that day the progress has been
regular and marked; yes, we dare de
clare that enthusiasm for missions has
burned with an ever increasing flame. -
See the women of the church as organized
in the Women's Auxiliary to the Board of
Missions have this year laid upon the
altar of God the splendid united offering
of 1105,000 for the work of missions, while
but twelve years have passed since this
united offermg was first made, when J2000
was given. And remember that this is but
their way of celebrating our triennial fes-
tlval, and that vastly more than this j
amount, yes. ten times this amount. Is
given every year by our sisters in one way
and another to the work of missions, the
true work of missions, though not admin
istered by our board of managers. The
children of the church during the last
season of Lent gathered of their pennies an
•qual amount for this same cause. I And
Bishop of the church, presented a report
recommending that the house recede from
its proposed amendment and concur with
the Bishops. The report was adopted.
Rev. Dr. Bennett of Newark offered a
resolution, the House cf Bishops con
curring, that the joint commissions exist
ing at the close of the convention con
tinue until the next convention and the
chairman of the house be empowered to
fill all vacancies on such commissions.
It was adopted.
Rev. Dr. Alsop of Long Island offered
a resolution, which was adopted, author
izinz the committee on marginal readings
%o print as an appendix to the edition of
the Bible which they have been author
ized to print the readings marked *'C" in
their report.
Items on the calendar were next taken
up. Robert Treat Paine took the platform
to tell what the committee on new dio
ceses had done in relation to the memorial
of the diocese of Kansas, asking that a
certain portion of that State be set off as
a missionary district. He was opposed to
the resolution to make a permanent mis
sionary district out of that portion of
Kansas referred to In the majority report.
"If we make It a missionary district," he
said, 'It is so for years and years to come.
It Is taking off of the Eastern portion of
Kansas that responsibility that belongs
to the wealthier portion of a single com
monwealth."
In concluding hi3 speech Mr. Paine
moved to lay the entire matter on the ta
ble. His motion was overwhelmingly de
feated. '-S-'i
Deputy Talbot of West Missouri argued
for the adoption of the majority report,
intimating that the Bishop of Kansas
would soon work himself to death unless
relieved by the division of his territory.
Rev. Dr. Restarick of Los Angeles
spoke In favor of the majority report of
tke., committee. ; He. asked that , the cas«
be decided on its merits, no matter what
the House of Bishops did or did not do
in the matter. He said Kansas did not
want an archdeacon, as it already hai
an able one. What the State needed was
a missionary Bishop who would assist the
Bishop of the diocese in his work.
ST0TE OF KflNSfJS IS
ACCIDENTALLY DIVIDED
Upon motion of a clerical delegate a
map of the State under consideration wa3
presented to the convention 80 that tho
deputies could appreciate the extent r.f
its territory and the necessity of dividing
it into two sections. While the delegates
were putting up the big map it was acci
dentally torn in half and the convention
was convulsed with laughter. This wa3
aggravated by the chairman, who asked
that the next speaker should be allowed
to continue bis speech on the "division of
Kansas."
Deputy Lyman of Chicago spoke In fa
vor of the adoption of the majority re
port, which was favorable to the petition
for division. The fact that there were
but twenty-two churches in a. territory
which had 500,000 population showed the
necessity for some active work there.
Rev. Dr. Tayler of L.os Angeles said
that the arguments made in favor of the
minority report had convinced him of the
wisdom of adopting the majority report.
He believed that if the work of the church
was encouraged by the proposed division
the time would come when m Its growth
v.ould recuire four or five dioceses In
Kansas, instead of the two now asked for.
Lay Deputy Brown raised the point that
all the requirements of the constitution
had not been complied with. Deputy
Randall took the platform to show that
Mr. Brown was mistaken.
Lay Deputy Thomas "Withers followed
and told of the growth of the church.
He said It was a great country and the
Bishop of Eastern Kansas had more work
than he , could do. He therefore hoped
the convention would give that State an
other Bishop.
Charles Maxwell Clement of Pennsyl
vania, a majority member of the com
mittee, added something more In favor
of its report. At the conclusion of his
speech he asked that a vote be taken on
the subject in five minutes. This was
agreed upon.
Mr. Fairbanks followed and also spoke
In favor of the resolution. .
Robert Treat Paine, in support of the
minority rapport, argued that inasmuch as
all the railroads in Kansas ran east and
west the proposed division was on wrong
geographical lines. If the present propo
sit!on was defeated the next move, ha
thought, would be to get a more reason
able and practical division.
Rev. Dr. Short of Oregon answered tho
last speaker. He said the Bishop of Kan
sas had answered the question most sat
isfactorily to the majority of the commit
tee of wftich he had the honor of being a
member.' The Bishop of Kansas said he
would rather have nothing If the State
was to be divided east and west. There
were cries of '\u2666Why?' from the deputies.
Dr. Short said he considered the growth
of the State and the missionary work of
the church could be better carried on if
the division was made on north and west
lines.
There were further cries of "Why?"
and Archdeacon Watkins replied: ..
"The preceding speaker said the State
>^Jfcg^HE dose of the General Con-
S \ vention of the Episcopal
fl l church of America was mark"
ed last evening by solemn
n-1i * ffi3r eervice in the edifice of Trinity
Church* where the sessions of
the convection have been held for the past
ttoee creeks.
Ae a.t the opening eervice the church
\u25a0was Jar too small to accommodate thoee
\u25a0who desired to listen to the concluding
eervioe and the pastoral letter of the
Bishops.
The House of Deputies pr&locg-ed Its ses
sion yesterday until 5 p. m> and no time
"was available to clear away the platform
that had been used in the proceedings of
the lower house* The desks were carried
away and chairs were arranged for the
Bishops who were to take part in the serv
ice.
The galleries of the church were crowd
ed with ladies and the aisles were 'solidly
bloclced with members of the fair sex,
dozens being accommodated with seats by
of the clerical and lay deputies*
A force of police was on hand to main
tain order outside the church and to
'watch over the safety of those gathered
in the building. ,
# "When the House of Deputies adjourned
•a committee was appointed to notify the
House of Bishops that all was In readi
ness for the closing service.
The surpliced choir of Trinity Church
took its place in the left gallery of the
•church and at 5:20 p. m. the tones of
the organ announced that the final scene
Ti-as to be enacted in the great religious
\u25a0gathering cf Episcopalians in this city*
The Bishops, who had donned their
Tobcs of office in the vestry room of the
church, marched in procession along Bush
street to the main entrance to the church
on Goufh street. Ahead walked a sur
pliced lad carrying aloft the golden croeSv
Then came the secretaries of the Bishops
sjid Deputies, wearing' their surplices and
iv-d hoods cf etiUeg-e' degrees.'"
The younger Bishops led the procession
and Trhen the head of the column of pre
lates had arrived at the chancel, lines
-were formed, through which the elder dig
nitaries -walked and ascended the plat
form In the order of their consecration.
The entire congregation stood while the
procession of Bishops filed into the church,
the choir and congregation singing *'On
-ward. Christian Soldiers." to the accom
jjanicient cf the organ.
Thz Her. r>r. Lindsay, \u25a0n^mir-Ti^T) of the
Hocse of Deputies, led the congregation
in vtstex and conducted the brief serv
ice
Bislaap Doare of Albany announced that
tie collection \rocld be for the board of
TTiisrions and the silver plates, carried by
\u25a0the church wardens, -were filled -with gold,
silver, notes and checks when they rrere
returned to the platform.
Afier tie offering had been received
Blsltop Dudley of Kentucky ascended the
pulpit and delivered the pastoral letter.
The voice of Bishop Dudley could be heard
in every part of the church and the rev
erend speaker iras listened to with great
interest.
At the close of the reading of the pastor
al letter Bishop Tuttle of Missouri pro
nounced the benediction and the conven
tion proceedings were brought to a close.
Sessions Lasting Many rjdurs Are
Held in Order to Finisb Up
Balance of Business.
Trinity Church pilled to the Doors
When Bishops Enter Edifice.
in Stately Procession.
DEPUTIES END
TRIENNIAL GATHERING
WITH ENERGY
FINAL SCENES
WITNESSED BY CROWDS
OF CITIZENS
SOLEMN SERVICE CLOSES EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
VOLUME XC-NO* 140*
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.SCENE OUTSIDE TRINITY WHEN THE BISHOPS OF THE EPISCOPAL CliURCH MARCHED IN PARADE TO CLOSING SERVICE.
Continued From Page One.
DEPUTIES END
' THE TRIENNIAL
BIG GATHERING
The committee of conference on the proposed
amendment to Article "X of - the constitution
reported that they had met ''the members of
the committee on the part of the House of
Bishopg and had agreed to report to the house
the adoption of the following resolution:
"Resolved, the House of Bishops concurring.
That Article X of the constitution be amended
by adding- thereto the following words 'and
that the same be sent to the secretary of the
convention of every, dloc&ise to be made known
to the -diocesan convention at its next meet leg
The announcement was made that the dele
gation from Connecticut had voted to contrib
ute $3000. Several delegates objected that the
resolution wan putting" a pressure on delegates,
who had come prepared for It. The mover
disclaimed this. Baying that his resolution con
templated onlyf voluntary personal contribu
tions. *
The vote disclosed a bare majority for the
resolution, but the chair decided that being
new business. It required two-thirds for its
passage, -and failing to receive that was lost.
DR. HUNTINGTON IS .
VICTOR ONCE AG0IN
"Resolved. That this' house now take cash
or pledges toward making good'- the deficit of
the. board of managers In order to restore the
1100,000 to its reserve fund, so far as it Is pos
sible, this flay."
Lay delegate Peter White of Arkansas offered
the following resolution, coupling it with the
statement that on the passage of the resolution
he would contribute 1 1000: • * -\u25a0 -.- . '
Rev. Dr. Da.venport read a number of
amendments to the canons of the church,
which were adopted after their reading.
Rev. Dr. Restarick of Los Aneeles of
fered a resolution thanking Mayor L. O.
Stevens, the Chamber of Commerce and
the rector, vestry .and congregation of St.
James Church, Fresno, for the kind Invi
tation extended to attend the consecration
of its church. • While the -convention as a
body cannot attend, it is hoped • that indi
vidual members will accept the Invita
tion. The resolution was adopted.
An announcement was made that the
"Woman's Auxiliary would raise the sum
of $1^,000 to be devoted -to a memorial to
the late Mrs. Twing.
MT the opening of the afternoon
session of the House of Dep
uties resolutions thanking the
press for Its excellent reports
and to the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew for Its courtesies to
the members of the convention
were passed.
and for adoption to the General Convention at
its next triennial meeting In accordance with
Article II of the constitution,' and provided
further that nothing in this article shall be
construed as restricting the authority of- the
Bishops of this church to take such orders as
may be permitted by the canons of the Gen
eral Convention for the use of special forms of
worship.
"Resolved, the House of Deputies concurring.
That it is the sense of this convention that
a Bishop of this church has the right to take
under his spiritual oversight any congregation
of Christian people not In communion with
this church that may desire him bo to do.
and that it is the further sense of this con
vention that the use of the book of common
prayer is not obligatory under such circum
stances; provided no such congregation shall
be admitted into union with the diocesan con
vention until it has been organized as a parish
or congregation of this church in accordance
with all canonical requirements and until it
has been duly certified that the book of com
mon prayer is the use of such congregation."
Rev. Dr. Fulton took the platform and said:
"There are three points in the report of the
conference committee. In the first I fall to
find anything further than a stipulation that
nothing in Article X of the constitution de
prives the Bishops of certain rights.
; "After this proposed amendment we have a
resolution In two parts,' one of which is a
construction of the article. -Now the construc
tion of this article by this convention is not
worth the paper it is written on. It is a mere
expression of opinion.
"The third part of the report seems to me
to be most dangerous because It Is In effect
what every lawyer knows to be a dangerous
thing— legislation by resolution. When legisla
tion Is carried it ought to be in the form of
a statute or in our own convention by canon."
Mr. Saunders, a member of the committee
on conference, followed and gave a clear out
line of the purport of the proposed amend
ments.
Rev. Dr. Hopkins of Chicago was the -next
speaker. In part he eald:
"I sincerely hope this convention will not
take action in this matter as it is not for
church unity. I hopo If will be defeated by
this house because it does not meet the in
tention of the Lambeth platform. I do not
think these two points have been brought out
In the discussion of this case as clearly as
they might be. I beg . to remind this house
that the Lambeth proposition was not ad
dressed to discontented individual congrega
tions. It was no . such approach to j sporadic
cases of dlsgruntlement. It v waa no such un
dignified premium upon the maintenance of- the
division of Christendom.". .
The vote was taken on the resolutions sep
arately by orders and dioceses. The- first pre
vailed by the following vote: :
Clerical— Ayes, 80; noes, 19; divided, 5. \_
Lay— Ayes, 31; -noes. 12; divided, 4.
-,-Tbe second.- was . defeated,. -receiving, .but- 26
Rev. Dr. Davenoort proposed- a vote of
thanks to Major William B. Hooper, \u25a0 chairman
of the local committee, for his unwearied and
efficient labors for the comfort, convenience
and entertainment Of the members of the con
vention.- The motion was adopted with hearty
unanimity. Major Hooper made a feeling and
grateful speech of acknowledgment. He also
read the minutes of the first meeting of. a
Protestant Episcopal church in California.
. A message was brought in from the- House
of Bishops at this moment that created a tan
gle that was only straightened . by a vote by
dioceses and -orders. The message stated that
the Bishops had adopted the . report, of the
committee on conference, which was. partly
defeated by the deputies a half hour before.
Mr. Randall i of Maryland arose to a point of
order that the House -of. Deputies could 'not
The speech in which the Rev. Dr. Hunting
ton resigned his leadership in the fight he has
waged for ten years Is published in another
column of this paper.
Dr. Huntington spoke slowly and clearly, but
It was noticed, by all who were In the church
that his voice trembled with emotion.
'After an adverse vote was taken on the
motion to reconsider Dr. Huntington left the
church and was not present to see his defeat
turned into victory some moments later, when
It was pointed out that parliamentary law did
not allow a report of a conference committee
to be. amended, and a subsequent vote resulted
in favor of the adoption of the entire report
of the committee. —
In addressing the house the reverend speaker
created a sensation by announcing that he
would resign the fight to secure spiritual over
sight for differing congregations .- to other
hands. . , ...
At this point the Rev. Dr. Huntington of
New York rose to a point of privilege and hav
ing secured the floor asked for a reconsidera
tion of the vote by which part of the report
of the conference committee on his amend
ment to the constitution had been defeated.
DR. riUNTINGTON WILL
RESIGN LEADERSHIP.
affirmative votes from the clergy and 30 from
the laity. ' \ •
A message was received from the House of
Bishops notifying the deputies that it had
adopted the report of the Joint committee on
conference on article 5 of the constitution. The
deputies concurred In the message. - .
A message was received from the House of
Bishops informing the deputies that it had
concurred in adopting the resolution contained
in message No. 93, and had not concurred in
adopting the second resolution in said mes
sage, relating to ministers officiating in dio
ceses and districts other than those in which
they are canonically resident. "
Resolution finally Prevails and New Missionary Dis
trict Is Erected by the House of Bishops;
DEBATE FOLLOWS A PROPOSAL
TO DIVIDE KANSAS DIOCESE
Continued '. on Page .Three.
mlttee the Bishops of Maryland. "Western Texas
and Laramle. The deputies concurred and the
president appointed on the committee Rev. Dr.
Egar and Deputies Saunders of Massachusetts
and Stetson of New Tork. „
Messages were received from the House of
; Bishops as follows:
| Informing of Its concurrence with the depu
ties' resolution as to the publication of the
reports of the joint committee on change of
name; also concurrence as to printing rftar
glnal readings marked "C" In an appendix to
the edition which they are to print; also con
currence in continuing the Joint commissions
and committees and that the chairman had
been authorized to nil ' all vacancies occurring
in its part of said committees and commis
sions.
A vote was then taken by orders and dioceses
and resulted in the defeat of the motion by
the following vote:
Ayes. Noes. Division.
Clerical 32 22 3
Lay M 28 0
A message from the House ' of Bishops In
formed the deputies that the former had adopt
ed a resolution that a see be erected in the
western part of Kansas, and that It be known
as the district of Salina.
The House of Deputies concurred in a reso
lution permitting the House of Bishops to
nominate a missionary Bishop for that dis
trict between sessions.
Mr. Stetson of New York submitted a num
ber of resolutions thanking Rev. Dr. Lindsay,
the wardens of the churchy committee on re
ception, people of San Francisco, Judge Stiness, ,
Mr. Packard of Maryland, the rector of Trin
ity, the choir, organist and many others for
their services to the convention. They were
adopted.
An adjournment was then taken until 2:30
J>. m.
"This convention," he said, "has created six
new missionary districts, making an additional
charge against its fund of $18,000 for the sup
port of the Missionary Bishops. $500 more in
each case for traveling expenses. A fixed
charge it has created of $21,000; yet there is a
deficit of $100,000. i ask, gentlemen of the con
vention, is that business— Is it good business?"
During the discussion a message was re
ceived from the House of Bishops Informing
the deputies that it had adopted a resolution
'granting the request of the diocese of Spring
field.
Dr. Short made a motion to have the depu
ties concur in the foregoing message. As the
matter was under discussion the motion was
withdrawn. ,.V...-
Dr. Short spoke in favor of the resolution.
Rev. -Dr. Clampett was the next speaker. He
delivered an eloquent speech in favor of aid
ing Springfield.
Mr. Thomas followed and took umbrage at
the remark made by one of the speakers that
the Board of Missions was composed of a set
of dllletantes, who lived in a' clubhouse in
New York. Mr. Thomas said his worst enemy
would not call him a dllletante. He stated he
did not know what the word meant, but he
was not that. He said the State of Illinois
was rich enough to provide for Bishops coad
jutor and divisions of dioceses. He was* there
fore opposed to the concurrence in the mes
sage of the House of Bighops.
It being the hour of adjournment. Rev Dr
Fulton made a motion to have the session ex
tended in order to .have a vote taken on the
The Bishops notified the' house by message
of their non-concurrence with the demitfpV
resolution proposing to amend article 5 of the
constitution and requesting a committee of
conference en the subject, the Bishops having
appointed as their part of the conference rom*
House of Bishops met
' /\ yesterday morning at 9:30
M I o'clock in the Sunday school
R^ I v room of Trinity Church, when
the prelates took part in the
celebration of the holy com
munion, Bishop Tuttle of Mis
souri officiating. \u25a0 ' ' .
At 10 a. m. the Bishops resumed their
business sessions and disposed of a large
amount of routine business.
The House of Bishops appointed the
Bishops of Duluth and Vermont as a com
mittee "to certify to the accepted changes
In the canons of the Episcopal church.
A committee was also appointed to ar
range for the meetings of the Missionary
Council previous to the convention of 1904.
The Bishops of Washington^ and Connec
ticut were appointed on the committee.
The House of Bishops concurred with
ject of the amendment "of article 10 of the
constitution, passed by this house, but not
concurred In by -the House of Bishops.' "
The motion was adopted.
The next item on the calendar was No. 16,
on "Memorials of the convocations of foreign
churches," presented by Rev. Dr. Nevin of
Rome. The latter asked a suspension of the
rules In order to bring up No. 25, \ln conjunc
tion with .the first item. Permission being
granted, Dr. Nevin offered the following reso
lutions, which were adopted:
"Resolved, That the House of Deputies con
curs in message 45 continuing the joint commis
sion to consider the memorials of the foreign
churches until the next- convention and the
president be empowered to fill the vacancies
In that body. , v v _ j ,
"Resolved. That the memorials of the convo
cation of the churches in Europe be referred to
the said committee for report to the convention
In 1904." .
. The house next took from the calendar the
report of the. committee on new dioceses on
the petition •of the diocese of Springfield to be
allowed to cede a portion of its territory to the
general church. The minority of the commit
tee was allowed the courtesy of filing its re
port. . • ' - ' • .. .
B Lay Delegate Bluford Wilson of Springfield
spoke in support of the minority report, which
was in favor of the proposed cession. He told
of the circumstances of the diocese and its
territory, \u25a0 population and other" features, and
in a general way repeated many of the argu
\u25a0 ments made a few minutes before by various
members in support of the proposed division of
Kansas. ' .\u25a0
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York followed and
said he was In hearty sympathy with . the
memorial, but one practical aspect that con
fronted the deputies was a deficit "of {100,000.
"That the thanks of this house be con
veyed to the press of San Francisco for
the very marked courtesy shown to this
convention by Its reports throughout its
session."
The house then adjourned until 3 p. m.
The afternoon session of the House of
Bishops was spent In the discussion of the
report of the conference^ committee ap
pointed on the resolution? of the Rev. Dr.
Huntington of New York to allow a Bish
op to have spiritual oversight of differ
ing congregations, when such congrega
tions have compiled with certain condi
tions laid down.-
The Bishops discussed the matter for
two hours and finally decided to accept
the resolution of I>r. Huntington to
amend the constitution. A number of
minor matters were disposed of by the
prelates during the afternoon and at 5
p. m. the house then adjourned.
the House of Deputies in the resolution
to make the island of Cuba a foreign mis.
sionary district. The presiding Bishop
was asked to take the new district under
his charge until he shall appoint the Bish
op of Porto Rico to have oversight.
The Bishops confirmed the election of
the Rev. tor. Cameron Mann of West Mis
souri as Bishop of the missionary district
of North Dakota.
The House of Bishops concurred with
the House of Deputies in the resolution
providing for the cession of the western
part of the diocese of Kansas to become
a missionary district. The Bishops decided
to erect the district Into a missionary dis
trict, to be known as the Missionary Dis
trict of Salina. The presiding Bishop was
requested to take the new district' under
his charee.
The House of Bishops unanimously
adopted the following resolution:
Thanhs of Prelates Is Also Cooveyed to Southen>
Pacific Compaoy for Pleasarjt Trip.
had four lines of railroads running north,
east, south and west. That's my answer."
The ballot on the proposition to divide
the diocese was taken by orders and dio
ceses and carried by the following vote:
Clerical— ayes 63, noes 4, divided 1; • lay
ay ea 42, noes 10.
. A message was received from the House
of Bishops informing the deputies of the
adoption of a resolution for the appoint
ment of a joint committee of two Bish
ops, two presbyters and two laymen with
the board of managers to arrange an or
der of work for the, next meeting of the
Missionary Council, and that the Bishops
had appointed on the committee the Bish
op of Washington and the Bishop Coad
jutor of Connecticut. «.
, On motion the deputies concurred.
The House of Bishops notified the dep
uties by message of its concurrence In
the resolution as to the discouragement
of immorality, gambling and vice.
Also of its concurrence in the request
of the deputies for a committee on con
ference on the disagreement as to the ad
dition of certain causes to article X of
the constitution and of its having ap
pointed as its part of the committee of
the Bishops of Massachusetts and Los
Angeles and the Bishop Coadjutor of
Southern Ohio.
' A third message was received from the
House of Bishops notifying of the adop
tion of the following resolution:
\u25a0 "Resolved, the House of Deputies con
curring. That the Island of Cuba be con
stituted a foreign missionary district of
this church.
"Resolved, That the presiding Bishop
be authorized and requested to take un
der his jurisdiction the missionary dis
tricts of Honolulu and of Cuba until Bish
ops may be chosen for the same respec
tively."
A' discussion was then taken up on concurring
with the House of Bishops relative, to placing
the Missionary District of Honolulu under the
supervision of the Presiding: Bishop. Chair
man Alsop of the committee on new dioceses
explained to the convention that Bishop Willis
of Honolulu would resign his post on April 1.
Rev. Dr. Fulton took occasion to say that it
was a matter of the > first importance. He
gave a history of the church In Honolulu. The
housed voted to concur with the House of
Bishops.
Rev. Dr. Huntingdon made a motion to have
his amendment taken from the calendar In
crder that he might make a motion of similar
import. Permission was granted and Dr. Hunt
ington said:
i "In view of the request on the part of" the
House of Bishops, , they having graciously
granted a committee of conference, that the
first Bubject matter to be considered by it be
the message referred to In the report Just read,
I offer as a substitute for the report of the
committee on amendments to the constitution
the following: •
" 'Resolved, That message 43 from the House
of Bishops relative to the use of the Book of
Common Prayer be referred without prejudice
to the committee . of conference on the sub-
BISHOPS EXPRESS PLEASURE
AT REPORTS OF PROCEEDINGS
REV. DR. HUNTINGTON OF NEW YORK CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
2NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Samuel I* Clem
ens (Mark Twain) entered the local politi
cal campaign to-night by addressing an
audience of invited guests at the Waldorf-
Compares Croker to Hastings.
ROME, Oct. 17.— The frequent meetings
of Carlist leaders at the residence of Don
Carlos in Venire have led the Govern
ment, it Is rumored, to determine to expel
him from Italy, as his proceedings if con
tinued would be likely to compromise the
friendly relations between Italy and
Spain.
Italy May Expel Don Carlos.
BERLIN, Oct. 17.— Hcrr Maurer, editor
of the Neueste Leben, an anarchist sheet.
was sentenced to-day to four months' im
prisonment owing to the publication of an
article approving of the assassination of
President McKfnley. '
Anarchist Editor Sentenced.
BAREHAVEN, Ireland, » Oct. 17.— The
sights and other fittings of guns on the
British first-class battleship Magnificent,
flagship of Rear Admiral Sir William
Ackland, second in command of the chan
nel squadron, have been cast Into the sea
by members of the crew in order to bring
about the righting of grievances which
the crew complains of.
Angry Sailors Dismantle Guns.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.-Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow ordered the
establishment of a postoffice, to be named
McKinley. In Franklin County, Washing
ton, thirteen miles west of Eureka, This
Is the first office named so since the death
of the President.
Postoffice Named After McKinley.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— "At a -great durbar
in Cabul, October 9, Habib Ullah formally
took the oath as Ameer," says a dispatch
to the Daily Mail from Simla, "and an
nounced the appointment of his three
brothers, Nasr Ullah, Mohammed Umar
and Amim Ullah, to the headships of the
army, the ' revenue department and the
Judicial department." .
Takes the Oath as Ameer.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. .18.— Ex-Governor
John Sargent Plllsbury died at 2:45 o'clock
this morning. Air. Plllsbury has long been
prominent in buslnes and politics in the
Northwest. He was known as the "wheat
king."
Multi-Millionaire Wheat King of the
Northwest Is Summoned to
the Beyond.
EX-GOVERNOR PILLSBTJRY
OF MINNESOTA DEAJ)
strike a month ago. It has always been
difficult to identify the strikers charged
with violence and the experiment of
equipping non-union employes with cam
eras is a novelty likely to prove of prac
tical use.
With shame be it confessed that but too
often the aspirant for missionary labors'
and sufferings has had his ardor quenched
by the chilling words of a Christian father
pointing out the greater opportunity to
gain influence and wealth, power and
happiness in some other calling; and,
stranger still, by the mother who bore him
who cannot endure that he shall leave
all these things to follow Christ. There
must be Christian homes from which shall
come forth Christian heroes. There must
be family altars from which must be taken
the live coals to touch the lips which shall
plead with men for God.
And in this connection we must call upon
our people to guard their homes from the
polluting and destroying Influences which
are ever ready to enter therein. And here
again our present laxity is perhaps due to
strained severity in the dfeys that are past.
The puritanic moroseness which denied
gratification to the healthy instincts de
manding recreation and amusement was
naturally and rightfully opposed by the
Catholic church, and here as elsewhere the
evil one, taking advantage of Inherent
human weakness, has turned our good into
evil, our liberty into license. Because th\
playhouse Is not as the Puritan declared,
the very gateway to the devil's abode, be
cause the delight derived from the artist's
impersonation of the artist's conception is
helpful and elevating to character, be
cause the indiscriminate condemnation of
all dramatic representation may not be
countenanced ' by the reasonable Christian;
alas, it has now come to pass that Indis
criminate approval has taken the place of
condemnation as sweeping, and Christians
are found looking upon mimic scenes
which are wholly depraving, whose art is
only their immorality and their attrac
tiveness only in their appeal to the basest
passions of our nature.
Many of us are old enough to remember
the Indignant refusal of the Christian to
suffer the game of cards to be played under
his roof. The association of the painted
cardboard, with dens of iniquity and their
almost universal use for purposes of gam
ing made them to be proscribed, and the
possibility of their employment for inno
cent recreation denied. We may smile
some of us at this absurd moral distinction
made by our fathers, but better far this
unreasoning arbitrary distinction than the
license of to-day which suffers the pastime
of friends to be polluted by the passion
of the gamester. Wasted hours,, dulled
consciences, careers to end in desoalr be
gun in ladies' drawing-rooms, the gam
bler's madness, degradation, ruin, all alike
are crying out that our freedom Is full
of danger. Oh, fathers, mothers, we
would call so loud that all may hear
throughout our broad land— fathers, moth
ers arouse ye to the care of the children
whom God hath given you. Wide open are
the channels in which the devouring spirit
of unbelief and immorality is entering to
destroy your little ones. Close them, we
beseech you, and set the watch of your
love that the character of your children
be not blasted ere It come to maturity and
strength and beauty. Gather them about
you on their knees and teach them by word
and example to pray to the Father that
his spirit may be their light and strength.
lect are barred so fast against him? We
answer that first and chief among the fail
ures of our people in the development of
their own spiritual, life and that of their
children. Is the neplect of the cultivation of
religion in the home. We have forgotten in
the bustling pursuit of material prosperity,
in the perhaps overdevelopment of the value
of the individual, that God hath set the soli
tary in families: that the home was the
' germ of the church; that the father is con
secrated high priest of his household, *the
representative of the All Father to them
sprung from his loins; their leader and com
mander in approach to the throne of the
highest, and in pursuit of the paths which
he hath marked out.
How shall the holy one enter and dwell
in the heart of the boy to expel the evil
spirit of base desire, to quicken the pur
pose of self-devotion to the work of God
in the world, to enable the pursuit of only
the things that are pure and honorable
and good report, when the father, who is
to him the very image and representative
of all that is highest, is wholly immersed
in the cares of the world? I How shall the
maiden's heart be made strong by the ani
mating spirit of the holy one to answer to
\u25a0 the heaven-sent messenger come to tell of j
the glory of the Christ who shall be hers,
"Be it unto me according to thy word,"
when the mother who bore her and is right
ly her ideal of highest womanhood, hath a
name to live and is dead, and amid the
hurrying round of frivolity cannot find time
for prayer or holy Scripture? How shall our
children learn the habit of communion with
God in secret prayer when behold there is
no family altar around which they are
called to kneel at morning and at evening,
while the father-priest offers the sacrifice
of their lips, their united prayer and praise?
Ah. herein we believe we find the crying
. evil of our time, the ample explanation of
the church's deficiencies on every hand.
Let us none but one to which we have
already made reference, the unwillingness
of our young men to devote their lives to
the service of God and of man in the min
istry of his holy church. Not we believe
chiefly because of any unwillingness to en
dure hardness; not because of the supposed
cramping and stultification of a manly In
telligence necessary to the acceptance of
the ancient creeds, as has been asserted;
not because of the diminished influence of !
the ministry in our time as compared with .
that it exercised in the days of our fathers; ..
.no, our young men come not up to the help—
' of the Lord against the mighty, because",'
they are not trained from childhood to know
the holy Scriptures and thereby to t know
that there is a God, unseen yet omnipotent,
the only \u25a0 wise, the Savior of all men, who
demands the loving service of 'his sons that
all men everywhere may know him and his
salvation. . \u25a0 _
GUARD HOMES FROM
. EVIL INFLUENCES
Tour Bishops may speak unto you with all
the earnestness they can feel and express
and declare that the obligation of every
Christian to join heartily in the endeavor
to extend the kingdom, to proclaim the
message, is Just as real and Just as bind
ing, according to the teaching of the New
Testament, as that to attain personal holi
ness; and" that the effort to develop spir
itual manhood must be vain in him or her
whose life is but a selfish seeking for per
sonal salvation, in forgetfulness and un
concern about the salvation of the world
for which the Christ was content to die. '
I can thank God that in my infancy or
but yesterday I was burled with Christ in
baptism and received the seal of covenant
adoption into him. I can thank God that
on my head have rested the hands of the
church's brief pastor in assuring evidence
of the gift of God's Holy Spirit. I can
Astoria Hotel, he having lately joined a
local anti-Tammany organization known
as the "Order of Acorns." Clemens' ad
dress was a comparison of Richard Croker
to Warren Hastings, and the city of New
York to India under Hastings' rule. He
used the words spoken by Edmund Burke
at the trial of Hastings, substituting
Croker's name where that of Hastings'
occured.and New York City where India
occurred.
FREAChJ A CRUSADE
FOR. MISSION WORK'
Americans, we call upon you to rouse to
the protection of this palladium of our
liberties, our Government, our English
civilization.
And lastly, beloved in the Lord, we bid
you carry iway from our great synod as
the watchword of our battle for the time
to come— missions, missions, missions. The
Son of God has been born as man, and to
this end was he born that he miffht de
stroy the works of the devil. The Son of
man has been crucified that by his death
he might destroy death and deliver them
who all their lifetime have been in bond
age through fear of death. He hath spoiled
the strong man death and come forth from
hi3 house bearing the spoils of victory.
He Is gone away to the -Father's right
hand and thence hath sent the Comforter,
the life-giving Spirit, to quicken our spirits
into new life in him, and he hath builded
his church to be the habitation of this
Spirit, the home of the fathful, the wit
ness unto all men of him and his salva
tion. Of that church we are; we are mem
bers of his body; we are sharers of his
spirit, and therefore— mark it— therefore,
we too as he must be busy in the procla
mation of his message of hope. In the min
istration of his gift of life to all men. Mark
that we say not may or ought, but must.
"We cannot but speak the things that we
have seen and heard." The man or woman
who has seen his face has hoard his voice
speaking pardon and blessing cannot but
tell to others the good things he hath done
for all who believe in him and will do for
all who confess his % name.
To one and all alike we appeal thsrt they,
labor and deny themselves to conserve the
sanctity of our American Sunday. It is,
perhaps, not too much to nay, as taught
by the 'specific commandment, embedded
in the very \u25a0 midst of man's moral ' law,
that, the- continuance of -the 'knowledge of
God and of his Son," Jesus Christ, among
men \u25a0 is '.dependent upon ,,onr obedience to
thaOcommaitfl. " "I .. was -tir'<t1»- spirit On
the Lord's' day," writes the aged seer- in
Patm'os : when to him came the vision of
the Sen of man. He \u25a0-' separates \u25a0 distinctly
between the Sabbath of the .Hebrew and
the Lord's day of the Christian, and Just
as distinctly between the slavish \u25a0 enact
ments to protect the one and the glorious
liberty of the redeemed by which that
which we guard should be made secure.
The Puritan, not recognizing that the old
had passed away because the new and the
better covenant had corns, sought to con
vert our Christian feast day into the old
Jewish Sabbath, and naturally his striv
ing was in vain. But, alas! again we must
note that our liberty has been enlarged
into license by the spirit of evil, and the
blessing of the rest day threatened by ex
cessive freedom. The church at even
song is almost empty. ' Our boys wander
about the streets and our daughters spend
the solemn hour in gossip or in novel
reading. Why? "Why? Because the father
and mother do not entreat or command
that with them they go up to the temple
at the hour of evening prayer. Fathers,
mothers, churchmen, we, your pastors,
entreat that you rally to the defense of
this mighty citadel of our religion.
One other matter your Bishops feel called
upon to mention in this- connection, and
that is the growing disregard ! of ! the sanc
tity of the Lord's day. That such disre
r rd is increasing among confessed disci
ples of the Lord we fear cannot be denied.
The luxurious Sunday evening banquet of
the rich and the pleasure-loving is a dis
honor to the risen Lord in whose honor the
church has set the day apart; and the^ap-.
proprlatlon of its sacred hours for the ac
complishment of a long journey by the
busy traveler because the week's hours
are all too few for his many engagements
is. a robbery of God, who from Sinai de
manded consecration of our time to his
remembrance and worship, and \u25a0 placed the •
•law- of the Sabbath In the midst of -the
moral commandments of perpetual obli
gation. Far less worthy of condemnation
in the eyes of the all wise and all merci
ful, we can but believe is the Sunday out
ing of the perhaps overworked ". artisan,
who from Monday morning till Saturday
night never sees his children save when
asleep, and. yet we are persuaded that he
may. be taught that fuller happiness shall
be his if he shall have led his children to
God's house and worship before he carries
them to green fields and romping holiday.
But it • is a shame and only a shame, be
cause no excuse can be- found for it, in the
condition of our life, that golf grounds
shall be crowded on Sunday afternoons,
that servants shall be denied . their . due
and- well-earned rest day, that the beasts
in our stables shall know no Sabbath, be
cause the athletes, men and women, must
be driven in cushioned comfort to the
scene of their Sunday sports, and return
ing, have their wearied frames refreshed
and feasted.
So shall they go forth by and by to be
VBllant soldiers and diligent servants of the
risht.. \u25a0 •
GROWING DISREGARD
OF TME LORD'S DAY
A Debutante's Correspondence
Is frequently as voluminous as that of an
author. Our latest shipment of "Peau d'
Antilope," "Carrara Marmel". and "Linen
Lawn" writing paper comprises the new
est and most fashionable sizes and fin
ishes. Monogram dies made and paper
stamped. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
The mm started to run, followed by two
patrol v/ajrons loaded with policemen, a
riot call having been turned in. Four of
til'- men were arrested. Farnum said he
bf-Ucved he had secured a good picture of
t^i th*> men and the police say that \u25a0when
tVf pi'»ure is developed they will get the
remainder of the crowd.
Ttoe linemen, numbering 250, went on
Them.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— F. E. Farnum,
while making repairs on a telephone wire
to-day under the guardianship of a spe
cial policeman, was attacked by seven
men who. he says, he recognized as strik
ing linemen. Farnum, like other non-un
ion rr.»n. carried a .camera for the purpose
of taking: snapshots pf any one found in
.Iv.ring the telephone company's property.
He quickly got a focus on the crowd and
preFsr-d the button. This further angered
ihf seven men and they threatened the
amateur photographer, who thereupon
dr<w his revolver and fired a shot over
thtSr heads.
FTEIKEBS ARE ARRESTED
WHTLE MAKING ATTACK
Chicago Police Capture Linemen and
a Camera Has Evidence Against
f-t^rs to disease: the founder of the or
, hanape and its tender mothers of the
motherless: the supporters of the home for
The aged and afflicted folk, and they who
therein touch gently the wounds and the
weakness which age hath brought, these
are the true servants and apostles of
Jems Christ.
The 1 a rg<?- hearted benefactor who endows
the college, the scientist who In its halls
unfolds the mysteries of nature and
teaches the application of hidden forces
to the betterment of man's condition,
thes* are the true teachers of Christ. Tes,
in the misty atmosphere which surrounds
us the spirit of the ace can see "men but
as trees walking": can see but the physical
and the material, and the intellectual as
part of end as influencing the bodily nature;
and to-day the ideal of Christian manhood
as it shines through the. atmosphere of
which this time-spirit has surrounded it is
to rise ur> early an<J late and lie down to
rest, that much goods may be laid up, that
so great d»eds of brotherly kindness may
be done. "The son of man," it is triumph
antly asserted, cair.i not to be ministered
onto but to minister, and he best follows
in his train who is thus busy witfi tlie sup
ply of human necessities and the soothing
of human rain. But the added words of
this same ScriDture are forgotten in the
ideals set up for admiration to-day con
tain not the feature of self-sacrifice, but
the deliverance of the many. The soldier
dying on a lonely battle-field, the 6allor
h»»ro going down with his ship that others
msj- be saved, the physician hero adventur
ing himself fearlessly into the pestilence,
with the consecrated sister by his side — this
figure is dwarfed into nothingness by the
atmosphere of our time ic comparison with
the successful accumulator of a mountain
of wealth- Th» ideal of our age is material,
if commercial, whereas the ideal set up by
Jes.us Christ Is spiritual, is essential, self
sacrifice, and the difficulties which con
fror.t us on every hand are due to this
contrariety, and to the constant and un
ccaeinff effort of The evil one to unite the
two in that which snail satisfy the dis
ciple and yet leave him to pursue his own
ends while he still calls himself Christian.
We mean not now to consider the origin
of this destructive philosophy \u25a0which has
seized possession of the minds ot our age.
Be it the great progress of natural science,
as is claimed by many, or be It the too
reckless handling of our sacred books, as
others assert; or be It the effect of these
two Influences, the one perhaps producing
the other, no matter, the condition exists,
and its effects are manifest in many dif
ferent directions, all alike hostile to the
faith which is in Jesus Christ, and to the
upbuilding of manhood by the power of
that faith. We would note some of these
effects, and would suggest some methods
of meeting these exhibitions of the spirit
of eviL
It rray not be amiss to premise that here
«ls elsewhere the overstrained interpreta
tion, of truth in any one direction is the
opportunity and the provocation of a con
sequent laxity, and of an equally false ex
oneration to the other extreme. The
church did teach from the beginning- that
the Holy Scripture Is the word of God; that
"holy men of old spake as they were moved
by the Holy Ghost." But the Scripture it
eelf furnished no theory of inspiration, and
the church declared none. The pryinr in
telligence of man was dissatisfied with such
undefined assurance of certainty, and one
theory' followed another with cumulating
assertion of the infallible accuracy of every
» statement, of every description, concerning
every subject in the sacred book, till at
' last it was affirmed that the human ele
ment in these writings was nothing and the
inspired writers were but as lifeless material
instruments through which the voice of the
Hplrit made itself audible. Then came the
natural and almost Inevitable denial of
statements scientific. numerical, geo
graphical, historical, upon the authority of
• external witness almost incontrovertible.
The contradictions of the sacred authors of
one another, thoueh manifestly concerning 1
matter* or no moment and matters all
epart from the one purpose which Holy
Scripture was given to serve, and them
eelves the highest evidence of the individ
ual honesty of the historians, and of the
resulting value of their records, -were ex
ploited in the face of the world as flagrant
disproof of the asserted claim to infallible
accuracy, and so as proof of the worth
lecsness of the pretended revelation. Even
the differently recorded title upon the
\u25a0wondrous cross was flouted in our faces
as all-sufficient proof that the Gospel
story may not be received by well-tutored
reason, because forsooth the variation in
that record does show that every word
and every syllable of the Scripture cannot
be taken as the very utterance of the spirit
of truth. And the result is reached at last
when we are told that the Bible is but as
any other book, and to be treated by the
student in the same way; that the claim
for any rupernatural jruldance of its
writers in any degree is vain; that even
the historians of the New Testament In
making record of the story which they
heard of the doings of their time used only
the intellisrence and the diligence which
any reporter of great events would em
ploy; that the Apostles Paul. Peter and
John made inferences from these reported
facts, as any of us might do, and as every
nne of us is equally entitled to do. Because
the Bible must be no longer fetish, it
jt -nay be no longer a guide. This we be
l ieve. dear brethren, to be the worst feat
ure of our present condition, this disposi
tion to overthrow the authority and to
\u25a0 \u25a0m-:-: :\u25a0:::::: i \u25a0m-h-h-i-h-i-m-
have our life. Because that spirit changes,
because that enfolding atmosphere is dif
ferent now from any that before did en
compass Christian warriors, therefore It Is
that new dangers are apparent and new
methods of warfare must be employed.
The spirit of our age Is not one of aggres
sive, angry denial, but rather of one of lazy,
indifferent consent. It Is more than willing
to build and to decorate the sepulchres of
the old ideals of valorous righteousness,
for to it those ideal* are dead. It will re
cite with soul-Ftirring emphasis of choral
harmony the ancient symbol of all-conquer
ing truth, but to it this is but a form of
sound words beautiful and venerable, with
out relation to the conquest of self or of
the world, without expected or desired re
mit in the formation of character. So It
thinks, and speaks, and yet cannot let go
the one hope that has cheered and illumined
the climbing path of man's development ;
and so in some sense the old creed must be
confessed, and with some sort of devotion
the old sacraments received. The institu
tion of the catholic church must be de
fended and supported, that its voice of mys
tery may speak words of blessing, possible,
though uncertain, pleasing, though unwar
ranted, at the bridal and the burial, upon
the head of the infant new come to earth's
trials, and into the dull ear of the pilgrim
ready to depart. Rut such shadowy neces
sity may not claim the supreme devotion
of a man's life, and it shall be reasonably
given to the pursuit of ends which are
plainly visible, and as plainly possible of
attainment. Beneficence Is true religion.
as the wise man James did write, and all
the rest Is but mystery and vanity. The
c-nd of Christian faith is attained In the
glrrips of Christian civilization. The
founder of the hospital and its skillful min-
and by and by shall be visible the strong
right hand of him. '•the lleht," which shall
roll away the darkness as & curtain and
he himself be manifested gloriously.
But the night Is still round about us, and
we therefore pray you, brethren, to suffer
the word of exhortation, that we may tell
you the specially pressing dangers it en
folds, and our thought of the duties thence
specially arising for you and for us. that
"the King shall have ro damage."
Perhaps we may desr-ribe the chief hin
drance In the way o: the kingdom's ad
vancement In cur Urn*, as, Indeed, It has
been in every period of the church's his
tory, as the Zeitgeist, the spirit of the age,
the very atmosnhere in which «•«» mnut
Alas, that part of the price is municipal
or national dishonor and degradation. The
citizen who first selfishly refuses to do his
civic duty, and then in natural descent along
the easy path becomes the giver of bribe
and the corrupter of his fellows is himself
degraded more and more in the process, and
the bottom is found when civic rights and
civic righteousness are alike forgotten, when
duty to his neighbor no longer demands per
formance, when protection to weakness, the
equality of freemen, the conservation of
honesty, are no longer the ends of the Gov
ernment, but only the securing of peculiar
privileges for a class, the comfortable en
joyment of a protected license: when duty to
man is forgotten because duty to God is
denied. Are not these exhibitions of the
spirit of lawlessness in plainest view
throughout our land? But the question
keeps repeating itself, how shall we, as a
church: how shall we, as Christian men and
Christian ministers, resist this onflowing
tide of lawless, godless materialism? How
shall we make the Christian faith again to
be the inspiration of victory, the efficient
motA-e of self-sacrifice, the artificer of no
blest character? By what power may the
spirit of commercial ambition, the spirit of
selflish aggrandizement, the spirit of devo
tion tp the seen and the temporal, be driven
from the chambers of our people's soul that
a nobler, higher spirit may enter in? The
answer is at once obvious and easy to be
learned from our sacred books, that God
the* Holy Ghost alone can work this mir
acle. Beyond all controversy the one su
preme need of human nature for its cleans
ing, its lnvigoratlon, its development to
higher, nobler manhood, is the indwelling
of the spirit of God. This is but a com
monplace of the teaching of our Master and
his apostles. But we ask in -view of the
peculiar difficulties of our time, what are
the special hindrances which prevent his
access to the souls of our children; what are
the closed doors and windows through which
he should enter in, but which by our neg-
But we must bid you note and strive
against the last and most evil result of our
age tendency in the reckless spirit of in
dividual license, the caricature and con
tradiction of that ideal of personal liberty
which the church has created and per
petuated among men. The fool who saith
in his heart there is no God is quick to
go forward is the natural corollary that
there is no human authority of right de
manding his recognition and obedience.
The man who derides the revealed foun
dation of all ethical obligation is the easy
victim of the devil's delusion that self-in
terest Is the sole motive of human action
and self-advancement the only test of
moral conduct. And finally the defiant
denial of the God who ordalneth finds
culmination in the assertion that there
shall be no longer powers or human gov
ernment to whom in superstitious faith
obedience has been rendered and anarchy
is born as the legitimate offspring of* un
belief. The crime at Buffalo, a month
arose, by which the head of our nation
was token away, was but the natural fruit
of this tree of- God-defying denial. The
great and good President was slain by the \u25a0;
spirit of our "age. \u25a0 But" we must recog-,
nlze that this awful crime, thrice repeat
ed within forty years, is the offspring of
the spirit of lawlessness, full grown to
maturity of malevolence, and that other
children of the same evil spirit are close
about us on every hand, themselves the
strength of the family of lawlessness, who
make possible and certain these giant mon
sters whose deeds of violence have
shocked our souls. The failure' of the
citiren of a republican government to do
his duty In the endeavor to elect honost
and true men as the officers of that eov
ernment is the earliest political manifes
tation of this pernicious life. The selfish
indifference which, governed by disgust,
is content that the city or the State -shall
be given up Into the hands of the least
reputable people in it rather than do
valiant and painful battle to preserve
the ballot's purity and the honesty of
official administration, this the tiny germ
which in due and well-ordered develop
ment grows into -the vigor which threat
ens our very social life. It is cheaper,
men think and even say, to let the Gov
ernment be in the hands of the corrupt
than to labor and to suffer to keep it in
the hands of the honest and upright. The
venial Legislature can be easily pur
chased and the ends good citizens are seek- \u25a0
ing easily secured. The rights of corpo
rations can be made safe by putting mon
ey Into the purse of the guardians of the
State; the privileges we desire can be ours
for a price, and that price is less than
must be paid for honest administration of
public affairs.
HOW TO RESIST TIDE
OF MATERIALISM
"What answer shall we make to our breth
ren who come In the fellowship of alien
assailants, speaking these strange new
words bo fraught with danger? "What
answer shall we make to our own hearts,
trembling with dread of the new doctrine,
themselves, it may be. Infected with the
disease of doubt, whose germs are crowd
ing the air we breathe? We answer first
of all to ourselves and to all men — we seek
the truth, cost what it may. come whence
It may: we are content that the things
which can be shaken shall be removed, be
cause we are thereby made to know more
clearly the things which cannot be shaken,
and shall remain. We answer boldly that
the God of truth, who has spoken unto us
words of hope by Jesus Christ, cannot deny
himself, and that, therefore, there can be
no contradiction of nature by revelation.
We are eager to deny the identity of
Christ's revelation with any man's under
standing of that revelation in any particular
age, and we refuse to consent that its di
vine and all-sufficient authority may be up
set by man's theory as to the operation of
the Godhead by which is given the knowl
edge of all the truth he wills to impart.
We entreat the recognition of the purpose
for which holy Scripture was given and of
the fact that nowhere is there promised
revelation of any truth which has not refer
ence perfect and complete to that one pur
pose. We are not astonished by the discov
ery of supposed inaccuracies; they are but
natural exhibition of the human element In
divine revelation,, and our faith in the in
dwelling divinity is ' not shaken by these
evidences of the reality of that human ele
ment. We charge you that ye be not made
afraid by any criticism of God's word, how
ever high be its claims or however low be
its spirit, for the scrutiny of the documents,
the comparisons of texts, the exploitation
of so-called mistakes, historical, geograph
ical, numerical, the seeming triumphant dis
coveries of Biblical contradictions, all these
shall but make more manifest <he glory of
the Indwelling truth, the same always and
everywhere, in every agre and in every land,
the life of that multitude which no man can
number. And then we bid you rejoice that
in the good providence of our God the prog
ress of knowledge under the inspiration of
the restless time spirit has made for the
furtherance of the gospeL Biblical criti
cism has made for faith, natural science
has made for faith, modern philosophy has
made for faith.
caricature the teachings of God's written
record. Itself perhaps a product of the all
pervading Time-Spirit, but certainly the
mightiest airent of its devastating influ
ence In the enthronement of man in selfish
denance of God. in - the prevention of the
return of the wanderer to his father's home
alonpr the only path— mysterious, humiliat
ing, if you please— but the only path which
feet have ever trod to that glorious Issue.
MODERN PHILOSOPHY
MAr&S FOR FAITH
Continued From Page One.
REV. DR. HUNTINGTON QUITS BATTLE
HE HAS LED FOR LAST TEN YEARS
" "I may perhaps be allowed in advocating this motion to say a single word of a personal character, or
partially of > personal character. I desire to say that I entertain the same faith in the final victory, of the prin
ciples which I- have "had the honor to advocate in three previous conventions that I. ever have "entertained. . Indi
viduals may rebuke me because of too great persistency and because of too much presumption. Great -measures,
if I may be pardoned in using a political phrase, may be turned' down for ,the time. They cannot be turned-down
for all time. You have chosen your course for the present with reference to the great question of the opening cen
tury.' I acquiesce. I resign to younger hands the torch. I surrender the leadership which has been graciously ac
corded me by many clerical and lay members of thjs house. The measure I advocated has been known as the
iridescent dream. .1 remember who they were who "said we shall see what will, become of his dream. In time they
saw. But for the present it is-otherwise. The Chicago Lambeth platform has been turned down, and what I
hope I may characterize without offertse as the Oxford-Milwaukee platform is for the time in the ascendant. I
accept the fact. My 'iridescent dream' shall disturb their dreams no more.
"I recall a saying of my old friend Father Fidele. whom we used to know in our college days as James Kent
/Stone. When he went over to Rome he wrote a book with the title. 'The Invitation Heeded/ and the best thing in
it was this: . • \u25a0 .'\u25a0 * \u25a0. \u25a0 .
" 'I thank heaven that I have reached a church where there is no longer any nervousness about the Gen
eral Convention.' (Laughter.) S ;..-., ,,,,,, ,
"There is no probability, sir, of my heeding the invitation that he heeded, but henceforth I share his
peace." ,.'\u25a0\u25a0•. /_.
/GEgsg^HE resignation by the Rev. Dr. Huntingdon of New York of his leadership in the fight to secure
/ T spiritual oversight by Bishops of the Episcopal church for differing congregations, not in union with
£ I the church, created a sensation yesterday afternoon at. the session of the House of Deputies of the
General Convention. , - , ,.. ' . • • ,' ,. -
,.-.'.,\u25a0 • -.For ten years Dr. Huntington has waged the battle and has always met with defeat in the gen
, eral conventions. Iii the action of the house yesterday on the conference report on Dr. Huntington's
proposed amendment to the constitution he made the following speech:
"It appears to- me due to the house a*hd the committee of conference that opportunity should be given to
reconsider the action 1 whereby this house has adopted the first part of the report, of -the committee on conference
and did not adopt the second part, it having been understood that the two constituted a complete measure.
. "I therefore move you. sir, that the house reconsider the vote whereby it adopted the constitutional amend
ment to article "X. ' . ' ...•"•.
FINAL SCENES OF THE CONVENTION
ARE WITNESSED BY LARGE CROWDS OF
MEN AND WOMEN AT TRINITY CHURCH
RESIGNS FROM LEADERSHIP OF BATTLE
PROPOSAL TO DIVIDE THE DIOCESE
OF KfiNSfJS CARRIED BY DEPUTIES
6FTER LONG £JND SPIRITED DEBATE
Continued From Pa ge Two.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
thank God that again and again I have
been permitted to sup with my king in
love divine upon the mysterious feast of his
body and blood— but is this all ? Nay,
what have I done, what am I doing that
vine services and the reading of the pastoral
letter."
Rev. Dr. Packard introduced the following
resolution in order to make the record straight:
"Resolved. That the House of Bishops be
requested to return message declaring its
former action on the resolution on the report
of the committee on conference."
Upon motion of Rev. r>r. Restarick a com
mittee of two. composed oj Rev. Dr. Res
tarick and Rev. Dr. McMastors. was appointed
to await upon the House of Bishops and inform
that body that the House of Deputies would be
ready in fifteen minutes to join them in divine
service and listen to the pastoral letter.
The secretary next read the minutes of "the
last day and after they were adopted the
House of Deputies at 5:10 o'clock adjourned
sine sle.
assurance that ye are ia very deed Joined
by faith to him ye have confessed; bo shall
ye have the Joy that cometh from proven
union with the risen Christ. If the spirit
of him who raised up J.;sus Christ from th«
dead dwell In us, that same spirit must
quicken our mortal bodies and raise us up
with him. But Just as. surely that indwell
in? spirit will compel our prayer, our gilt
of time and care and gold to the cause of
missions, which ia hi» cause.
The waiting; apostles .nand in your midst
ready tt> depart on the morrow for their
work in the far-away lands of heathendom
and among the widely scattered people of
our own country. Eire they go let them be
made strong by the- belief that ye wijl go
with them in thought and care; that men
and money ye will send them, that their
advance be not stayed.
And now, beloved In the Lord, we com
mend you to God ; and to the word of his
grace • which is ajle to build you up and
to give you an inheritance among all them
that are sanctified. When the chief shep
herd shall appea,r may ye receive the
crown "of rejoicing which fadeth not away!
Laymen, leaders of the church in your
several dioceses, go home determined that
all that- can be done shall be done In your
parish and In your diocese for missions —
all missions at home and abroad, in the
neglected neighborhood of your own city
or town or village, and in the furthest, field
to which your- brother has been told to
depart. • So shall ye have sweet and . full
Brother clergymen, go home to your par
ishes resolved to preach a very crusade for
missions among your people. Make them
know In detail the progress of the church's
battle, make them know the leaders and
their little battalions who are on the fron
tiers of the kingdom; teach them to pray
for missions and for missionaries, and
knowledge and prayer will quickly bring
the personal service and devotion the Lord
desires.
hls kingdom may come among men. that
all men everywhere may know his love and
their deliverance? Interest In missions is
only interest in Christ. Let the man be
afraid who feels no interest in missions,
that . his supposed interest in Christ ia un
real and vain.
adopt a part of the conference report, but It
must be adopted as a. whole. Senator Withers
concurred in what Mr. Randall said and made
a motion to have the House of Deputies concur
In the message of the House of Bishops. : A
vote resulted as follows:
Ayes. Noea. Divided.
Clerical 34 15 5
Lay 32- .10 1
The chair then announced that the house had
concurred -In the message. The following final
message was received from the House of Bish
ops: "The House of Bishops informs the
House of Deputies that this house has com
pleted all ' its ' business requiring concurrent
action" and la ready to take a recess till 5
o' clock and to adjourn without day after dl-
3
i \u25a0 . ' . ' \u25a0 " ' . , .
1 In our $9 . ready-to-wear suits we think that we have reached the top notch in the
matter of giving the best value for the least money. There are better suits in this world than
these at $9 — we have some ourselves at higher prices — but these suits represent more cloth-
ing value for the price than we have ever seen offered before.
We are able to. put this good quality in the suits by buying the . cloth advantageously
direct from the mills, by making the clothes ourselves, and by selling them in great quanti-
ties in our New York and San Francisco stores. -
-•".\u25a0\u25a0 . !•<
We have brought the price down without a sacrifice of quality in the making. .You
will find the making, style and wear up to the mark in every, way. ° •
You can get the suits in serges, cheviots, worsteds and tweeds in solid colors or
fancy patterns. The garments are union-made, guaranteed*and money-backed. They are the
best suits you ever saw for , '1 .
nine dollars
Late Arrivals— Norfolks, Sailors, Vestees
We are .pjacing on sale several lines of new arrivals at a rather exceptional price
for such late style garments. The suits are for boys from 3 to 10 years of age. The <^^
Norfolks come in blue cheviots and mixed patterns, deep yoke like picture. The £»w^£Sk
vestees have the military cut sack and the materials are blue cheviots and dark check C*^S&
mixtures in winter weights. The sailors come in new blue, navy blue, brown and red W"?^P*
serges. Price of any of the three suits |<^> W
Just received from our workrooms .3000 pairs of knee pants made from remnants /Jl/rSlI if jj i§|§™[\
. left in our retail and wholesale tailoring departments in N. Y. and S. F. Materials are MA fjB*; if I |ll(»if'l\
all-wool, pants well sewed, strong pockets, .taped seams, riveted buttons, .patent elastic t^SI'lllliii Wtt \M II ilB ll\
waistbands, ages 4 to 16; if made up under the usual circumstances the pants would ffflrtjlH %'l lit t'l a SMl
cost you $1, $1.25 or $1.50; we charge you only for the making, so our price is but WM \^SiMsfl^r
Large assortment of leggings in leather, jersey, velvet and cloth, ages 3 to 10 ff^^w^?/
. prices 50c to $2.50. '•\u25a0•'.\u25a0\u25a0• ' ' I'SlllllW
Elegant assortment of stiff bosom shirts for boys froM 7 to 14 years, prices 50c, v'l'flU r/j
Boys' swell sailor caps in stylish colors, 25c each. \u25a0'. thJbII^'
Boys' hats in large assortment. 90c. ; ~ -i'
Write for oup ,~ \u25a0« A i — -» jEik
new illustrated C^^Ttkl a A I£l~\ &"\ W\ C^ &~)T\.
catalogue. , 7^'[\* WWi #1 1 1 I A. I fTi*
Out-of-town V/ / TUr Bjr ig/ i \JP ®^
orders filled. " ' - . • . \u25a0 " —
Write us. 718 Market Street.PERSONS WHO FIGURE PROM
INENTLY AT THE SCHLEY
COURT OF INQUIRY.
Tnreats Iilade Against Ed-ward.
DUBLIN, Oct. 17.— Judge O'Connor Mor
ris at the opening of the Roscommon ses
sions to-day said he had received docu
ments purporting- to -emanate from the
United Irish League marked wiCh a coffin
and containing diabolical threats against
King Edward.
The members cf the Ruliance Athletic
Club football team lea.ve to-night for
Reno. Thejt will play the University of
Nevada team to-morrow. The players
scheduled to go axe: Fleck, center; AXkin
i=on and Weirs, gnards: Haiiillton and Col
lins, tackles; Donaldson, licXevin and
Sehleef, ends; Rodolph. quarterback;
Dinsmore and Wilson, halves, and Percy,
fullback. - - tf'.l
Reliance Eleven Gckb to Reno.
Kennedy and Powers! have secured Me
chanics' Pavilion for Che purpose, it is
believed, of holding on<e of the big con
tests there in January. yAn effort will be
mivde to have all the risers in the -New
Ycrk six-day race come VO California, and
compete.
Orlando Stevens, the cyclist, who has
3tist returned from sl trio Eapt. says that
in all probability a six-day ; bicycle race
\u25a0will be held here during the coming win
ter Floyd McFarlai'vd. formerly a racing
partner of Stevens, tas g-one to France
to secure riders for a bigr six-day race
that will be held in N^ew York in Decem
ber.
foreign Eiders Wlio Corjapcte in New
York in December Jffay Come .\u25a0
Here In January.
PLAN A SIX-I>AY 1tA.CE : _
TO BE CONTESTED HERE
eleven of the university f iilt.il to score
agrairiFt the Berkeley High- School -team
this afternoon in a game < c\ the college
gridiron. Both halves were ;ih»)it, the first
ten minutes and the second "!ive. In the
first the Hiph School worked, the ball well
down into the Ireshmen's territory and
Kearn made two unsuccessful attempts at
plare kicks fnr goal; The fieshmnn block
ed the first kicl-i aid second failed
to so between the poatsC
In the second half the freslunen were
working the ball toward tie Hi?h School
groal when lime was cal led. -The end
ed without cither side scoring-. The teams
lined up as follows:
Berkeley High. PoEiacn. Freshmen.
McCoy Cents'. — Burke
Men-it t R. G. Cummings
Lsmb L,. G. — Stroud
Plumrncr - R. T..^. _ Gastrich
Ferguson U T...\ -Wilson
Linseott. R. E... r Demeritt
Hanna L. E - Gage
Folinsky. Quarter., Saeltzer
Kearn R. H » _..Kelsey
Mayo L. H * Risley
Pattoa Full - .*... Bush
Berkeley High School :?lays a Short
Tie Game "With thfCJoLlejje
Team.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.—' Che freshman
rHESHMAN FOOTBAOJ'.,
ELEVEN FAELil' TO SCORE
"Another outras<«His piece' of business
was an attack on « tie oi my mining prop
etttea through the uutborliics at baltllto.
They went to the o^K-nt of sending twelve
or fifteen policemen hi night to break into
h pritstlnK liVAcr. bntik up the forms and
tear up the pjjros « t a. pamphlet one of
iny attorneys there wiis having printed.
Th?y ruined my nitxbltey, forced, him to
Kfll his fine home an.L then offered him a
job in Chihuahua so :jr to remove him
from the scone. In tl: rtr desperation now
1 am apt to be clinrj rri with anything:
fmm luirse-Ftealinj? to blmvinp up a man
of-war. I am fiphtinff rthe keenest, most
nrr. ;^rant. bitter atntl-Ac teriean influence in
the country."
Continuing Bfaaley ss y* 1 that numerous
oth^r outrages of a simi or character have
Iv-en committed in the ;northern tier nf
States of Mexico durin. r the past few
months. One of ;hese > tas the arrest of
B mine owricr named R seder.
AI'STIX. TttL, Oct. lT.-William H.
Wealey, the pr iminent American mining
xnnn who was .frrestod several days a«v
on a charge of c ontempt of court and ci*.i
lined in prison «U I'orlirio Diaz. Mexico,
was released to-fay on bail. The seventy
two huurn of co;t.1nement provided under
the law for fuc.\ offense expired on the
11th inst.. but M( %icy vr&a held and all of
fers of bail were 'refused. Xo intimation
was friven as to vtnen lur would \w (?ranl
«-d a hf-arlng. T.W following; extract i»
wik'-n from a lcttc % (mm UctUcy received
here to-<iay:
Special lib-patch to The Call.
Laws Are Declared to Be
Violated by the Au
thorities.
The Cienfuegos Campaign.
When Lieutenant Webster was excused Lieu-
i The first of yesterday's witnesses called for
the ' correction of testimony was Commander
Meson and after-hlm. came In succession LJeu
tenaat Commander Sears. ". Lieutenant McCau
ley and Lieutenant Webster. Quite a number
of "additional questions were addressed to Lieu
tenant Webstw -by Hanna. Replying, the wit
ness said that he had seen- signal . lights at
night on the shore whilo lying off Santiago.
Ja . connection with the question of the dis
tance off shore at Santiago, Hanna asked:
"While the vessels were on blockade at can
tlago frorn May 29 to the 31st. \u25a0\u25a0 Inclusive, were
you able during the night to distinguish points
on shore readily while you were on watch?"
The witness replied in the negative.
"Could you make out Aguidores and Ca
•*I was not familiar with the coast at that
time and would not have known those points
under any circumstances. Jiut Jt was so dan*
I think I could not have seen them. 1
"What was the background?"
"The high "hills *back of Santiago did give
us good points later when we were familiar
with them. We could eee them quite reaa-
* -Could you discover the shore line at" night?; 1
"Not the line of breakers, if there were any."
• 'Cot; 'd you see the vessels on the inner picket
line at night?"
"Not without the aid of searchlights.'
On redirect examination Raynor asked Lieu
tenant Wehster concerning the bearing of the
Iowa and the Texas on the morning- of Julv
3 the beginning of the battle. The witness
said they bore abaft the starboard beam of
the Brooklyn, the Texas "being to the right
of the Iowa. The Brooklyn was headed, he
i»aid, ' north or north-northwest. •\u25a0
. In reply to another question by Raynor he
stated that after the surrender of the Colon
July 3 he had gone to the forecastle to look
for other ships. He had only seen the Oregon
and the Texas. The smoke of other vessels
was visible, but not the vessels themselves.
Witnesses Make Corrections.
WASHINGTON, Oct. . 17.— The first new wit
ness called before the Schley court of Inquiry
to-day was Lieutenant Commander T. D. Grif
fln who, as lieutenant, 'was the senior watch
officer on the Brooklyn during, the war with
Spain. After him came a number of the junior
officers who served on the Brooklyn during that
campaign. As usual, before any of the new
witn°ss.^s were summoned, a number of former
witnesses were called for the purpose of cor
rec-tinK their former testimony. •
It had been the Intention or Admiral
Sculey s counsel to propound yesterday a num
ber of questions to the court which It was pro
l>osed to put to the witnesses for the purpose
of determining to what extent Admiral Samp
son's connection with the present .inquiry
could be gonfe Into, and it was not decided
until the beeinning of the afternoon session
to withhold the questions. This decision was
then rtathed, largely because it was believed
that the information intended to be elicited by
the questions could be secured in a more di
rect and certain way by Lieutenant McCau
ley's testimony regarding signals on July S.
The questions which had been formulated for
presentation previous to McCauley's taking the
stand related principally to the movements of
Admiral Sampson's flagship, the. New York, on
July 3. the day of the battle off Santiago, and
especially to the signals of that day directing
the fleet to disregard the flagship's movements.
It Is still the Intention to present other ques
tions Involving Admiral Sampsons relation to
the inquiry before the close of the case. It
seems probable that their presentation will be
deferred until a time shortly before the begin
ning, cf Admiral Schley's testimony. •
JUNIOR OFFICERS ARE HEARD
Ensigns and Others on the Brooklyn
Tell of Schley's Acts.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17-The
presentation of Admiral
Schley's side of the controver
sy was continued before the
rourt of Inquiry to-day, eight
witnesses . being examined. Of these live
wore ensigns, and the entire eight- bad
served on boar<3 Che Brooklyn with Admiral
(then commodre) Schley. The ilrst of the
day's witnesses was Lieutenant Charles
Webster. • who had begun -his \u25a0 testimony
yesterday. He was followed by Lieuten
ant Commander T. D. Grlflln, who had
charge of the powder division of the
Brooklyn during the fight off Santiago,
and he was succeeded by Ensigns C. A.
Abele, John Halligan Jr.. Ulysses S.
Maoy. James M. Hand and Ralph N.
Marble. The last witness of the day was
Mcdlcnl Director Paul Fitzsimmons, who
v,-as chief surgeon of the flying scjuadrop.
While Kr.sicn HalllRan was on the stand
Raynor sought to bring out information
H8*to<1tiu American ships in sight at the
beginning of the battle of July 3, but
Judge Advocate Lemly objected on the
ground that the question was Intended to
show th« absence of the New York, and
the interrogatory was withdrawn. Knsign
Marble stated that he had heard Captain
Sigsbee tell Commodore Schley when he
came aboard the Brooklyn on May 28 that
the Spaniards were not at Santiago.
There has been some inquiry as to Ad
miral Schley's standing in the navy since
he was placed on the retired list because
of age. but It appears that all questions
on this point have been settled by the
department having assigned the admiral
to "active duty" at the court of inquiry
while it is in progress. This action was
taken to prevent any questions as to the
effect the admiral's retirement . would
have on the action of the court.
American Mining Man
Complains of Many
Outrages.
Cheer i ng Words to
Hen During
Battle.
HEAPS CENSURE
ON MEXICANS
MAN DISAPPEARS:
DRAFTS RETURN
EIGHT FORMER OFFICERS OF FLAGSHIP
BROOKLYN TELL OF SCHLEY'S CAMPAIGN
Mysterioua Features in a <*
Bank Affair in New
York.
Commodore's Con
duct Enthu
siastic.
Messenger Drops Out of Sight
and May Have Been
Murdered.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— George Armitage,
a messenger at the New Amsterdam Na
tional Bank, has been missing since
Tuesday last. When he disappeared he
had with him 150,000 In checks and drafts.
The bank officials believe that he has
been foully dealt with.
On Tuesday Armitage went out to col-v
lect'on checks and drafts received by .hi^
bank the sum being variously stated afc^
t rom'jSOUO to $60,000. We fulled to return
to the bank and has not been seen since.
To-day the bank offlclali • received by
express the bank's wallet which AnsltiMm
had carried, containing all the missing
checks and drafts except WW5S. vrMcU.
may be actual cash or negotiable paper.
It Is argued by the oftlcera that If Armi
tage had sbsconrted he would have never
returned the wallet. ... ... ,,i ,.
The missing messenger was formerly
employed by the Chase National Bank
and has always borne an excellent repu- I
tatlon.
RACING AUTHORITIES
OPPOSE LESTER REIFP
IT ational Hunt Club Stewards Extend
th« Jockev Club's Sentence.
LONDON, Oct. 17. — 'ihe stewards of ths
National Hunt Club, which bears the
same relation to steeplechasing that the
Jockey Club does to flat racing, has ex
tended the JocKey Club's sentence passed
on Lester Rein* to all their meetings.
NEWMARKET. Oct. 17.-Spme of Rich
ard Croker's horses were sold at auction
here to-day. Harrow brought £510 and
Alta Loma was spld for £350. E. Corrigan.
bought Allyar fc-f £«0. Among the other
horses waa Dunlop. who as a three-year
old cost £4000. Mr. Corrigan secured him
O £o~Ni>O>r, Oct. 17.— The Americans took
the last two races at the Newmarket sec*
ond October meeting to-day. Kearsargiy
(Maher) won the Prendargast stakes, dis
tance five furlongs and 140 yards. Moun
tain Daisy (Clem Jenkins) won the Bret
by stakes, six furlongs.
Given to the Texas.
OMAHA, Oct. 17.— Rear Admiral Robley D.
Evans passed through the city to-day on his
way to the Samoan Islands, where he goes to
investigate charges against naval officers. The
admiral refuses to discuss the merits- of the
Schley Investigation, but gave the following
to ah afternoon paper:
"What" Is. your opinion of the Schley Investi
gation?" he- was asked. v - .
, "Well. I might have a private opinion on
that matter, but I don't care to expose it pub
licly at present," replie'd the admiral.
"Will Schley. be exonerated?" ,- . .'
"He has never been condemned in the eyes
EVANS SPEAKS OF SCHUEY CASE
The Admiral Says Due Credit Is Nat
ram the Brooklyn, at the beginning of the en
gag«ment-ef--July-S?"
"Yes. gir. One of the ships did not turn as
soon as the. others had beaded to the west
ward." .. -
"Did you' see the Texas at any time while
the Brooklyn, was turning- to starboardr
"No. sir; too much nmoke." '
"How did the Viscaya bear from the Brook
lyn when she. the Viscaya. starboarded her
helm and then pointed her helm, and what was
the Vlscaya's distance from the Brooklyn at
that time?" - »--« . _. . .
"The Viscaya when she first starboarded ner
helm bore about half n. point forward of the
etarboard • beam. When, ehe had turned ana
was heading for the *«iore she bore between
on« and two points abift the beam. The dis
tance at that time wa» about 3000 yards, as I
remember-" . • • « • . ,, ..
Bnnifrn Marble wu then excused and Medi
cal Director Fitzsimmons. who was chief »ur
jceon of th<s flying: squadron, was called. Dr.
Kltzeimmons gave an account of the battle or
July 3 from his standootnt. He had observer
the encasement from the gun deck of the
Brooklyn. He said that when the fir»t of the
Spanish »bip 9 came out of the harbor at San
tiago it appeared to stand atill and he had
buen able to see the entire vessel. He then
caw no more of the Spanish ships until the
Brooklyn had completed her turn, when all
the enemy's vessels became visible. He had
then looked back and had been able io see
<mlr one of the American shlp». „
"I remember that incident very distinctly,
safcl Dr. Fltxstmmons. "because It seemed to
me t.hat we were fighting all the Spanish ships
He had. he said, heard the range riven sev
eral times and the lor/est was 800 yards, while
the highest figure he heard was 3300 yardn. The
Colon, he said, had followed the course of the
phore In her westward flight, and the witness
thought thnt before the Viscaya gave up she.
had attempted to shield her sister ship. .
Schley After the Battle.
Dr. Fitzsimmons, In reply to a question from
Raynbr, said that he had not seen Commodore
Schley during the engagement, but that he
had met him about 1:30 o'clock, soon after
its close. Asked by Raynor what the com
modore's appearance was at that time, the
witness replied: '
"He was hardly able to talk, and complained
of an irritation. In his .throat from the effects
of the smoke. He appeared to be exultant
over the victory. He was so choked with
smoke he could hardly make himself under-
Taking the witness for cross-examination.
Hanna asked:
"Have you anything In your knowledge re
lating to any' conversation with the commo
dore or anything else?" •
"I can onlv say this." was the reply, "unless
you ask me specific questions that I do not
know anything t& the commodore's discredit.
I» think that the Brooklyn kept th« Colon
from getting away."
"Was the Oregon there?"
"Yes: 1 made her out. She kept her position
until about the end of the run." .
Dr Fitzsimmons, in speaking of the voyage
to Santiago, said that the weather was rough
and that the commodore had thought of send
ing the Eagle away, but had hesitated. Thla
statement caused the court to ask the witness
if he knew the cause of the hesitation, and
he replied that he had heard the commodore
talking about it.
"He seemed to think the Eagle's speed was
lacking He said he wanted to keep the squad
ron intact if he could, but the Eagle kept the
fleet back."
Dr. Fitzsimmons was then excused and the
court adjourned for the day.
Try Out for Track Athletes.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— Fall track; train
ing at the University of California will
end to-morrow with a try-out on the cin
der path. The purpose of the meet is to
give the freshman material a chance to
show Its form. As the training" has been
light and irregular full distances will not
be run. There will be a seventy-five-yard
dash for the sprinters, two laps for the
middle distance and four laps for the dis
tance men. The high and low hurdles will
complete the track events. In the fled
there will be high and broad jump, polo
vault and shotput.
of the public, so far as my observation goes,
he replied "but Just what the outcome or
the trial will be I cannot say. It la very grati
fying to the public, however, to know that
Admiral D«wey is on. that board of investiga-
Acimiral EvMis said he waa not in a position
to eay more, but added:
"I will state this, however, that the battle
ship Texas is not receiving the notice and con
sideration it deserves in .that investigation.
That the Texas jCayjd a v«ry Important and
telling part in the sinking of Cervera/a fleet
there is no doubt. I was- there and I ought
to know." - . _ " 1
Admiral Evans will sail from San Francisco
on the first steamer for Samoa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
Raynor — It has been a very successful-recon
noitsance in developins you.
Judge advocate— So far as we do it if the
court please, we would like to' have this mat
ter decided now and here.
Captain Parker— If we withdraw the question
there is nothing before the court.
Judge advocate— I am before the court.
Captain Parker— But there is nothing before
the court in the question whether you are
there or not.
Judge advocate— It is a part of these very
questions .that were submitted to me yesterday
and afterward withdrawn, but it was subse
quently brought in by the witness in the shape
of signals.
Mr. Raynor at this point requested permission
to withdraw for five minutes for a consultation
with Admiral Schley, which the court granted.
While proceeding to the consultation room the
judge advocate started to address the court,
whereupon Raynor . informed him that "he
could speak while they were gone."
Raynor. after his conference with Admiral
Sohley, announced to the court that they would
withdraw the question for the time being.
In reply to questions by the court Halligan
said that when the Viscaya turned toward the
Brooklyn "the Spanish ship bore on our star
board beam, a little forward, and was headed
toward us, distant from 2000 to 3000 yards."
He also said that there- were t three or four
guns heard at Cienfuegos and that these shots
were regular.
Cadet Saw the Signals,
"When Halligan retired he was succeeded by
Ensign U. S. Macy, who -was a naval cadet on
the Brooklyn during the Spanish war. He said
he had heard no guns at Clenfuegos, but had
seen the signal lights ashore.
Raynor asked the witness If he had .had any
conversation with Commodore Schley during the
night before the engagement of May: 31. He
replied that he had a conversation.
"I was on the signal bridge of the Brooklyn.
After dinner," he said, "when the commodore
came upon the bridge, and during the course
of the conversation stated to me 'To-morrow we
are going In with the ships not coaling to bom
bard at long range to develop the exact location
of batteries and to form an estimate of their
strength.' He said he was not going- in for a
regular bombardment, . as he had Instructions
from the department not to hazard the ships
against these batteries and that if he should
disable one of his ships during this boombard
ment his force would then be rendered Inferior
to the Spanish forces Inside the harbor; that he
was going in merely for a reconnolssance and
not to destroy the batteries or the Colon." \u25a0
The witness said that he had, been on the gun
deck during the battle of July 3. The Brook
lyn pursued a sinuous course, he said, at the
beginning of the engagement and then swung
rapidly to starboard with port helm. His least
range was 12C0 yards and his greatest 2300
yards.
Three Cheers for the Commander.
On cross-examination Captain '\u25a0 Lemly ques
tioned the witness especially about the latter's
conversation with Commodore Schley on the
night of May 30. Macy said that he did not
know from whom the commodore had received
his orders not to endanger the ships by ex
posing them to shore batteries, and that he
had never seen the order himself. He knew
of no other officer present when the conversa
tion occurred, but the signal officer and one or
twr> men were within hearing.
The next witness waa James A. Hand, also
an ensign, who had served on : the Brooklyn
as a naval cadet.. He testified that on the
day of the battle, of. July 3 he was at the
central station, and received from Commodore
Schley and Captain Cook encouraging mes
sages to the men, and that one of these from
the commodore was . received with a "three
cheers . for the commodore." *
Ensign Ralph N. Marble, who was a cadet
on the Brooklyn - during the war, said that on
the day of the battle of , Santiago he had had
charge of some of the after six-Inch guns.
His closest range was 1100 yards. The orderlies
had passed the. range of 900 yards to him,
but he had not Used that range. . .
Would Bam the Brooklyn.
"Did any Spanish ships show a disposition to
Marble related a conversation- he had heard
between- Captain Sigsbee and- Commodore
Schley - wh-en the . former came aboard the
Brooklyn, May 26, oft Santiago. r \u25a0 \u25a0
The commodore had asked the captain, the
\u25a0witness said: "Have we got them?"
To this Inquiry Captain Sigsbee replied:
"No; they are not there.. I have been here for
about a week. They could not have been
here unless I knew It."
: On cross-examination the witness-'- said he
had satisfied hlmseVf of the date of. 'the con
versation by referring to the Brooklyn's log.
He was not. .more than seven or. eight feet
from the two' officers at the time, and he
thought he had given their exact words. |
. The court then asked the following questions
of Ensign Marble: • »
Raynor— Of course, I: want "to state to my
friend that I will not press this question now,
but, there is a stage of the case where I,wlil
have to bring it up. I submitted questions to
my brother yesterday.; They were not ac
cepted.- j I will withdraw it now. •
Judge advocate— We will have to .enter thla
on the record as another reconnoissanca.
"Wrangle Between Counsel.
Ensign John Halllgan Jr., who served on
the Brooklyn, was the first witness of the aft
ernoon session of the court. Referring to the
blockade of Cienfuegos he recalled on the 22d
the Brooklyn steamed past the entrance to
the -harbor, and that the ship had gone to
within about a mile of the harbor. He also
recalled that the Adula had reported that the
Spaniards had left Santiago. '
When the battle of July 3 occurred he was
In" the port turret. The shortest range used
by him during the engagement was, he said,
1200 yards.
Asked as to Commodore' Schlejrs bearing In
the battle the witness said it was "such as to
inspire enthusiasm." • . \u25a0
"Do you know what vessels were In sight
at the beginning of the battler* asked Raynor.
\u25a0 "Hold on there'." exclaimed Captain Lemly,
before the witness could reply. "I object.'*
Captain Lemly stated that the precept did
not call for the position of ships except to
show whether they endangered the Brooklyn.
Replying, Raynor said that the question was
similar to other questions which had been ad
mitted. ' . '
\u25a0 "I believe that it "is an Invasion of the de
cision of the court already rendered with re
gard to going Mnto this matter of the positions
of vessels," said Captain Lemly. "Now, with
regard to the relative positions at the beginning
of the battle I have excepted from my ob
jection so much as relates to /the possibility
of collision, which is a distinct part of the
precept. The position of the Brooklyn at the
beginning of the battle is called for distinctly
and in terms • but that of no other vessel.
Except, as I have stated. In so far as it in
volves the possibility of collision, this, I think,
is objectionable and I submit the matter to
ths court.'' . .
Inspires Enthusiasm.
Abele said there was a heavy surf at Cien
fuegos while the flying squadron lay oft that
place, and that when the start was made
toward Santiago the weather was rough and
unsettled, though It was not bad for large
ships. Morro Castle was in sight, he said,
upon the arrival off Santiago.
' "Do you recollect about the blockade of
May 29 in front of Santiago?"
"Yes. At night we steamed back and forth
in front of the harbor at a distance of five
or six miles. At night I saw signaling going
on between the harbor and the fort. . The sys
tem of signaling waa that used in the English
navy, blinking white light, and I judged It
was the Colon signaling to the fort. It hap
pened on two occasions."
"Could you see that plainly?"
"Very plainly indeed."
The witness in describing the battle of July
3 said that he had had charge of the port
battery on the main deck forward, and that
when the Spanish vessels first came out of
the harbor he could not train? his guns on
'them because of the distance. Later he
opened fire and he observed that the lead-
Ing Spanish ship held steadily on the Brook
lyn's port bow for some time anrt then turned
to the westward. His range then was 1400
yards, and the lowest range at which he fired
during the day was 1100 yards.
The court asked what were the relative po
sitions of the Viscaya, the Colon and the
Brooklyn when the starboard guns oC the
Brooklyn were flred by the witness at a range
of 1100 yards.
He replied that the two Spanish ships were
"well abaft the starboard beam of the Brook
lyn, the Viscaya being ahead of the Colon."
This, he said, was after the turn of the
Brooklyn. \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 . . •
Ensign, Abele then retired and the court
took a recess for luncheon.
Lieutenant Commander Griffln was excused
and Ensign C. A. Abele, who, as a naval ca
det, served as a Junior watch officer on the
Brooklyn in the Santiago campaign, was
called.
Told by an Ensign.
Raynor— Isn't It a fact that the derrick beams
on the collier were too short, and were not
coaling breeches rigged on all of the ships in
order to coal?
"That is the case of the Brooklyn. I can
not say about the other ships."
By the court— What difficulties did the Brook
lyn have in coaling off Santiago, prior to
June l?
"I do not think there was any difficulty dur
ing those dates."
"I em not sure."
"Was It the roughness of the sea that made
it- difficult for the Yale 'to take the Merrlmac
in tow or that' caused the hawsers to part?"
The ' court asked
'Having said that when the fleet left Clen
fuegos it was the general understanding that
it was bound for Santiago, "the witness under
questions by Hanna stated that th.e fleet was
headed east when it stopped south of Santiago
May 26. He said in reply to a further question
that if the squadron had continued as then
headed it would have landed "anywhere to the
eastward."
westward oni May 26. - Thft slowest ship fixed
the speed, and that was six or seven knots an
hour. " ' ;' . "
"Then 'in your answer you except retro
grade?" ' • \u25a0
"I do."
Hanna asked the witness whether the flying
iquadron had "proceeded- with -dispatfeh" on
;he voyagre from Cienfuegoa to Santiago, and
;he' witness rephed-:- -••\u25a0•-" - \u25a0" ' \u25a0\u25a0- - '\u25a0 >' *
"Yes; as a unit, until we made the turn
Proceeded With. Dispatch.
Schley Sent the : Messages.
Judge Advocate Lemly here Interrupted the
witness by stating that^lt did not appear that
Commodore Schley sent these messages, which
Drought a statement from Raynor that he
would prove when Admiral Schley went on
:he stand, that the admiral sent these mes
iage3 of encouragement to the men.
Commander Griffin said that when the Colon
jave up the conflict the Oregon waa close on
:he Brooklyn's starboard quarter and that the
rexaa and Vixen were within sight astern, a
"Can you speaK of the- conduct, bearing and
manner of 'Commodore' Schley during the en
jagement in which you saw him?"
"He Impressed me as being remarkably cool,
:onsiderlng what had Just occurred. He was
perfectly natural in manner -and bearing."
On cross-examination Captain Lemly. ques
tioned the witness closely concerning the well-
Icnown trip to" Santiago, the sending away of
the Eagle for coal and the blockade at Cien
tuegos. Reading from the Brooklyn's log, he
?ald that at the time of the. Eagle's departure
the sea was recorded as moderate. He also,
at Captain Lemly's request,, again detailed the
position of the Oregon when the Colon sur
rendered, saying that vessel .was from 600. to
302 yards on the starboard qunrter of the
Brooklyn, slightly inshore. The two vessels
were headed In practically parallel lines.
Hanna"asked: ' .
"Did you hear Commodore Schley say any-'
thing about leaving Clenfuegos?"
"I did not." \u25a0 '
"Or coaling difficulties?"
"I do not remember. I know he was always
extremely anxious, and seemed to coal when
ever there wan an opportunity. I do not re
member any particujar conversation.. The con
versation about going to Guantanamo impressed
me •\u25a0•particularly because afterward I -thought
It was such a. wise decision.'.'-; \u25a0- \u25a0 -.
"Did you ever have any conversation with
Commodore Schley before July 3 relating to the
Brooklyn going to Guantanamo for coal?"
"In substance, I' mentioned the fact that
other ships of the squadorti were in the habit
of going to Guantanamo for coal. We had had
some difficulty in coaling in the open off San
tiago. The commodore replied that he had* been
asked on several occasions if he would like to
go -to Guantanamo, . where he could coal quick
ly and give the officers and men a rest from
the strain of the blockade. . . '
"He said that his answer was in each case
that he preferred to remain on the station until
the Spanish ships came out of the harbor."
Referring to the battle .of July 3, the wit
ness said, that he had been In charge of the
powder division and that it also was his duty
to look after the lower decks. • Consequently he
had not seen a great deal of the flght.
He said that he had seen the Vlscaya going
ashore and that, looking abaft the Brooklyn's
beam, along the coast, he 'had seen two other
Spanish ships on fire, with the Colon some dis
tance ahead on the starboard side, and firing
occasionally. Then he went into the forecastle,
where Commodore Schley, :Captain Cook and
Commander Mason were standing, remaining
there until the Colon surrendered. The Ore
gon was. he said, then following very close to
the Brooklyn. •\u25a0• ?
"Were any cheering or encouraging messages
sent among the men that you know of, by
whom and what were they?"
"I had a messenger who made frequent trips
to the gun deck and who reported to me what
was happening. I conveyed this Information
to the men of my division in the different
handling rooms."
"Were any. of these messages of sufficient
Importance tnat you would like to speak of
them?" • --"*'
"One message which seemed to cheer the
men below very much was that there were
three Spanish ships ] on our starboard beam,
all firing at us."
\u25a0. "You do not know who sent these messages,
who gave them, do you?"/-- \u25a0
"I took it for granted— "
Conversations Concerning 1 Coal.
tenant Commander Griffin was called. He gave
details of the Clenfuegos campaign,- saying
that the distance of the blockading line there
varied from three to seven miles, being farther
out at niarht.
Speaking of the voyage from Cienfuegos to
Santiago the witness said the weather was
"heavy" and that there was a "short, choppy
sea." He also said that the heavy sea had
impeded the fleet by delaying the smaller ves
sels, especially the Eagle.
Asked by Raynor concerning a conversation
between 'Commodore Schley and the commander
of the Eagle, the -witness said: . : . - -
l ' "I was present when the -conversation toolc
place, although I cannot give the exact words.
When the Eagle came up astern' of the Brook
lyn the commodore hailed the commanding of
ficer of that vessel and told him in substance
that he could not delay the squadron any
longer on his account, and that he •wanted
him to proceed to Jamaica for coal. The com
manding officer of the Eagle seemed very, de
sirous of remaining with the squadron, and
expressed sincere regret at being obliged to
part company with the flying squadron.". .
"What kind of weather was the Eagle en
countering on Hay 26, when that conversation
took place?" ' . .
"As I expressed it, heavy weather, a short
choppy sea. and the Eagle and Vixen were
both pitching considerably."
"Did you hear the commanding officer of the
Eagle talk to the commodore about coal on that
occasion?"
"I do not remember."
"You heard the whole conversation?"
"I did, but I do n^t remember .that he asked
permission to coal. It would, not have been
possible; at least, it would not have been safe."
At Santiago, the witness said, the block
ading line was a mile or two closer in at night
than during the day, and on May 29 the fleet
stood out three or four miles. There were pick
et-boats Inside the lines, but ha did not see
them.
4
ifet r\\\lli £— The Too
=^ : " STROLLER. '
Tow- notice, it pictured oppo~
s^ te — one °f the smartest winter^
Wffi&wffifi$$\\'\ n coats we have ever created for^
little chaps. Mude. from the
B^^-*'^^//;^; pl'^ffl highest grade of English Ox-
Ww'%$^''ffivV : 'Wi ford gray cheviot. A very long
mi $3- coat, with the yoke; satin sleeve
MM!*$rf&'$fl'- : f/wf^ linings, turn-bach cu/f>: A coat
l|iit|' : '\u25a0'•-'\u25a0' ' v<v" 'w^ll that has already made a hit.
W$&tiM/m& mm® A coat that $ 10 WOTtft f tnd its
/I equal elsewhere in this city.
'^^\u25a0•\u25a0'•'^^Itfr For c^ iaps at ** V ears : f° r chaps
\u25a0 ' iV - "fB"^*]^ Sf§ : "^ two-days' special Friday
Pj ' ' '^ •'\u25a0 anc^ Saturday, provided the
ijfSjj - -~ - ;BiipSsggg&fe . quantities hold out, at
That's a smart Usefer pictured opposite in a \W^§*&
pretty shade of tan, with velvet collar, for little SF/T
chaps between the ages of 3 and S. Of course, tj?$&»^f?
it's one of the Frisco boys' big specials Friday jjjf\ |^|S&
and' Saturday. Friday and Saturday' are al- ' f
ways big special days loith us, but here's a little '' W •TggfV
coat that eclipses in point of value anything we ' Zjt \u25a0» 1 "~ vm
have ever done. Double the monzy won't buy a. IS3T 1 Tp
coat as good as this elsewhere. twSS
Special at WMfW
tm?I,?H f KneB ' TroO5era f or chaps 6e-T f Knee Trousers in tweeds, coed, strong
S« ?A eS ° M and 15; two qqA \durabla tweeds ; ages 4 to 15 QQj\
jhades, seat brown and tan, to-day OVC \ \ yean * o9c{
™~ : — — — — — s & «
I fir — ~ :^^AU
Che cause of much
Vj— — '" _^ 1 "' I— _ ~^J
([" \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0 " >M
Rheumatism is the cause of half our aches and pains;
rheumatism comes quickly and remains a long time unless •
removed at once. *
The changeable weather which always comes at the be-
ginning of winter, is likely to bring out the rheumatism and
all rheumatic sufferers should be prepared — they should have
a bottle of Halprun'er's Rheumatism Cure at hand where \
1 they can take it instantly, where they can rub it on the ach-
ing parts and rub out the pain, so that- they may take it in-
ternally to remove the cause.
A few applications of Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
will- cure a new case of rheumatism and a few applications
will relieve an* old one, and constant treatment will cure it
permanently.
Rheumatism of long duration requires persistent treat-
ment — you cannot scet well in a jlay and. you should not ex-
pect it, but keep on taking Halpruner's and you are sure to
get well, for it contains exactly the right ingredients to cure
, rheumatism.
All druggists should sell Halpruner's — some may not —
I— if you cannot get it of your druggist, telephone to Bush'
463, Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Co., 28 California
street, and a bottle will be delivered.
I have suffered with rheumatic pains E*/>« C rmpn\inl\ni*
fcr some time and after having received iTGC LOIlSUllclIlOfl. \
% compound fracture of the leg, suffered
considerably. I found Dr. Halpruner's • Dr Halpruner will
\u25a0Wonderful Pain Remover a satisfactory • t _i_j *_ ,.;>„<,. .H
and immediate cure and I take pleasure be * lad to Consult
I in commending it as a perfect family with sufferers any af-
medicIne 'MRS.R. r. Thompson. ' ' femoon at his office.
I ; ieoi van Ness ave.. s. F.. Ca\. 28 California street. \
V^r====^_ — —^ .\u25a0 — 1. -_ J
Wonderful fnedfeineIs much pleasanter when It is observed on
an artistic timepiece. We have just re
ceived a large shipment of gold clocks the
finish of which Is incomparably beautiful
Yet they are reasonable In price. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
The Flight of Time
NAPA. Oct 17.— The first session, of the
Synod of the Presbyterian Church of Cal
ifornia opened here j last evening with a
meeting in the local church and a sermon
by the retiring moderator, Rev. Joseph
Mitchell of St. Helena. The synod organ
ized by electing ex-Judge Law of Fresno
moderator and Rev. J. S. Young of Los
Angeles as State clerk. There Is a large
attendance of church workers from all
parts of the State.
Presbyterians in Session.
Yale Will Honor Marquis Ito.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The secretary
of the Japanese legation called at the
White House to-day to arrange for the
reception by the President of Marquis Ito
who will arrive in Washington on Satur
day. Marquis Ito will be at New Haven
next Wednesday, when he will receive the
degree of LL.D. from Yale College at the
same time the degree is conferred UDon
the President.
Sheriff Charged With Crimes.
MINNEAPOLIS, j Oct. 17.— Philip Me
gaarden. Sheriff of this county, was ar
raigned in the District Court to-day un
der eleven Grand Jury indictme'nts charg
ing him with perjury, grand larceny and
embezzlement. The Sheriff is paid by
fees, and the present official is charged
with swearing to false statements of ser
vices and collecting the fees therefor
from the. county. • \u25a0 .
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 17.— The Biter baby
farm, near Sausalito, will again attract
the attention of the Superior Court. To
day W. H. H. Allen of San Francisco
petitioned the Superior Court for a writ
of habeas corpus for his two children,
Myrtle and Mary Allen, now in the care
of John Biter and his wife. The children
had been placed in the Biters' charge' bv
Mrs. Prescott of Oakland. The writ will
be heard before Judge Angellottl on tho
24th.
Would Recover His Children.
The primary object of the authorities
Is to nelp the British manufacturers and
prevent futuro railroad contracts from
different parts of the empire going to for
eign firms. British makers of locomo
tives claim that if the American method
of using standard types could be intro
duced in India and South Africa it would
enable them lo expand their powers of
production so as to enable them to meet
increasing demands and fill orders which
are now going to the United States and
Germany.
LONDON, O=t. 17.— The Indian Secre
tary, Lord George Hamilton, and the
Viceroy of India, Lord Curzon of Kedle-
Bton, have made arrangements for a con
ference of Indian railroad engineers at
Calcutta in Dtjcember to consider a stan
dardization of locomotives, such as ex
ists in the United State3.
OFFICIALS ZNT INDIA
WANT STANDARD ENGINES
Con_ ;ence Will Be Held to Consider
Plans for Benefit of Manu
facturers.
SEATTLE, Oct. 17.— Ed Nolan, who
served a term of twenty years in San
Quentin, was captured this evening near
Ballard by officers from Seattle, Snoho
mish and Ballard and is now held in jail
subject to charges of piracy and bur
glary. His companion was "Shorty"
"Wllcox, a notorious San Francisco water
front thief. Wilcox made a daring es
cape by plunging Into a sort of marsh.
In a blind garret, where Nolan and Wil
cox lived, were found the accumulations
of several burglaries which have hith
erto-baffled the Seattle police. Nolan is
charged' with piracy on Puget Sound.
Puget Sound Pirate Captured.
MOTERET, Oct. 17.— The United States
Fish Commission boat Albatross Is in port
examining into the advisability of plant
ing lobsters in Monterey Bay. Eight or ten
years ago the experiment was made but
was unsuccessful, as up to tha present
time no Increase has been found.. Several
of the original lobsters were caught by
local fishermen, but even these have not
been seen for several years, and it is be
lieved they have migrated- to some place
better adapted to their needs. The scien
tists aboard the Albatross are trying to
learn if any of the original lobsters yet
remain in the bay and will moke their re
port accordingly.
Seeking the Vanishing Lobster.
Schooner La Gironde "Wrecked.
SAN PEDRO, Oct. 17.— During a heavy
fcjr last Monday night the schooner La
Gironde -went ashore on San Clemente
Island. Captain Grimm (supposed he was
mi'e? from shore when the crash came.
All the members of the crew were savei
The La Gironde was a 204-tcn schooner.
She had just unloaded a cargo of lumber
at Redondo. The captain believes the
vessel can be Eav<-±d and will make an at
tempt to pull her eff with the steamer
Acme. The schooner, which \u25a0 Is worth
ebout SG900, Is owned in San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEXD. Oct. 17.— The
FteamsWp Cottage City, "with a broken
shaft, was toved Into pert to-day by the
steamer Diriro.
The Cottage City in Port
PABIS PAPEE DECLARES
THAT POPE -LEO IS ILL
Statement Is Made Regarding a He
cent Shock "WMch Alarms Vati
can Physicians.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The Gaulois reasserts
that the Pope is ill. It says he recently
received a shock which may possibly lead
to Berious consequences.
To-night the Patriarchs Militant held
their annual military council, at which
routine business .was transacted. The in
stitution of Canton Bakersfield by the Val
lejo Canton and the conferring of the Pa
triarch Militant degree concluded the
Council's session.
FRESXO. Oct. 17.— The Odd Fellows,' In
charge of the reception committee and
Chamber of Commerce, after visiting the
plant of the Pacific Coast Seeded Raisin
Company, boarded a special train and
were taken to Maltermoro and the Barton
vineyard to-day. Five passenger coaches
were packed- to the doors with the dele
gates and their friends. The trip through
the fertile vineyards and immense or
chards was enthusiastically enjoyed. Their
destination "reached, the pleasure-seekers
were regaled with wine of many famous
brands. - .
It is rumored that Henry Youtsey will bo
put on the stand to tell all he knows about
the affair, as his only hope of escaping
his life sentence. Arthur Goebel', however,
says Youtsey will not be called by tho
commonweal th.
"No man," said he, "with a halter
around his neck should be allowed to tes
tify."
Judge Cantrlll overruled the motion.
Golden repeated his story given at the
former trial.
' Detective Jenkins of Lexington, Sheriff
Henry Bosworth and Deputy Frank Ro
ders* told of Powers* arrest the night he
fled from Frankfort disguised as a sol
dier. Walter Bronston, County Attorney
for Fayette, said when he. heard Powers
had left Frankfort and was coming to
ward Lexington he got Thomas Cromwell,
a newspaper reporter, to swear out a war
rant for Powers and Captain John Davis,
charging Goebel's murder. The warrants
were served on the arrival of -the train.
Victor Anderson, steward of the Second
Regiment, said he took a bundle to Pow
ers on the night of "his escape. It was
sent by Assistant Adjutant General Dixon
and contained a military suit. Enoch
Mays, a new witness from Knox County,
testified that John L. Powers, brother of
the defendant, told him Goebel would bo
killed. F. Wharton Golden was then
placed on the stand and Colonel Campbell
conducted his examination. He is con
sidered the State's star witness. Owen
moved to exclude Golden because he was
under indictment as accessory to the mur
der.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 17.— In< the
Caleb Powers case to-day Mrs. Anderson,
telegraph operator at Barboursvllle, Ky.,
identified several telegrams sent by Pow
ers to men in that locality, instructing
them how many to bring to Frankfort.
Miss Lucy Brock testified to Powers'
saying that Governor Taylor had given
him $1000 with .which to pay the expenses
of the mountain men and that he and
Charles Finley were raising' the army.
Odd Fellows View the
Resources of Fresno
County.,
Caleb Powers Telegrams
Read in the Kentucky
Court.
SACRA3lEEXTO. Oct. 17.— Manv people
have be«n eeired by a desire for strong
drink since the announcement made to
day by County Veterinarian John McLean
that hundreds of hogs, dead from cholera,
have been floating down the Sacramento
River, whence this city drains its -water
s-upply. Dr. JIcL*an says that the hogs
have evidently been dumped into the river
in Tehama County, -where the disea.ee is
known to exist arcoiig' swine, ilany hogs
hu.ve died at Courtland, down the river
frcin this city, presumably from, drinking
th? polluted water.
The clang-er was reported to the State
F-oard of Health to-day. btit Secretary
Malhews i? now in tha East and it does
not appear that any action is to be taken
in the premises.
Eonxce of tlie Capital City's "Water
Supply Is Declared to Be
Polluted.
DEAD HOGS FLOATING
DOWN THE SACRAMENTO
LOS AjMGELES, Oct. 17.— A meeting of
olive growers was held In this city to-day
to discuss ways and means of obtaining
better prices for their product. More than
two-thirds of the olive growers of the
State were represented. It was agreed
that a committee be appointed, looking to
the organization of all the olive growers
of the State, but first forming a locai or
ganization. Specific laws against the
adulteration of olive oil will be urged
upon- tho next Congress. The following
committee on permanent organization was
named: C. A. Washburn, Los Angeles,
chairman; R. F. Billings, Corona; E. R.
Meserve, Los Angeles; A. R. Sprague, San
Francisco, and H. Sturdivant, Los An
geles. • " •
Olive Growers to Organize.
The prisoners are young men. They gave
the names of Brown, Seay and Hatch.
The rancher's name could not be learned.
He is still unconscious and his recovery
is doubtful. . •
Three roughly clad men had meanwhile
arrived at the railroad station in a buggv\
They procured tickets for Los Angeles
and departed on the train, but were taken
Into custody the moment the train came
to a stop in the Southern Pacific freight
yards here.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17.— Three men
were taken off tile Chatsworth Park train
at 6 o'clock this evening by detectives
and locked up In the City Jail en a charge
of highway robbery. Their victim was a
rancher from the SimI "Valley, who was
traveling alone in a buggy to Los An
geles. While one of the gang engaged
him in conversation another crept up
behind the buggy, sandbagged the unsus
pecting traveler and knocked him sense
less. Blows were rained upon his head
and body. Tho robbers took away the
rancher's watch and money and drove
off in tho buggy toward Chatsworth Park,
leaving their victim in a serious condi
tion on the ground. Persons passing the
spot found the man and took him. to
Chatsworth Park.
LEAVE THEUt VICTIM
DYING ON THE ROAD
LAWYERS PROBE
THE CONSPIRACY
sons, thirteen daughters and three grand
children, but in the list the name of Le-
Roy C Snow, the reputed favorite son of
the late church- president, does not ap
pear; neither does the name of his
mother, Minnie Jensen Snow, the young
est wife, with whom the decedent was liv
ing at the time of his death.
When attention was called to the omis
sion in the petition of the two name3
noted above, ex-Judge Bowman, attorney
for the special administrator, said the
omission was unintentional and was prob
ably due to a mistake made by the type
writer in copying the list. The omission,
he said, would not In any way affect the
rights of these two heirs.
The bringing- of this current Into the
county bids fair to revolutionize conditions
and already many patrons of the company
have Installed motors for various pur
poses.
Tna distributing point for San Mateo
County Is located here. Power is conduct
ed across the creek to the distributing sta
tion by means of a steel tower 150 feet in
height and twenty feet square at the base.
The amount of current passing over the
cables leading into the city will be 60,000
volts, on an equivalent to 20,000 horse
power.
REDWOOD CITY. OcL 17.-Electric cur
rent \u25a0was taken from the wires of the
Standard Electric Company last night for
the first time and the fires of the local
company, which is handling the current,
were allowed to die out. All of the cus
tomers in San Mateo and Santa Clara
counties of the Consolidated Light and
Power Company were supplied with light
and power from this source, and, so far
s.s can be learned, the service is satisfac
tory.
Standard Company Turns on Its
Heavy Current for tlie First
Time.
EUECTRIC POWS3. FO&
SAN MATEO COUNTY
The feeling seems to prevail here that
Mr. Babcock, if allowed access to the
spawning grounds, \u25a0 would accede to the
requisition of the United States authori
ties, for British Columbia salmon ova,
which Ottawa has sturdily refused, espe
cially as the Americans permit the use of
traps to the detriment of Canadian fish
eries.
The provincial authorities were induced
to appoint Mr. Babcock to' investigate the
fisheries with a view of establishing
hatcheries. As soon as this became known
a protest was sent from Ottawa, the Fed
eral authorities, it is said, not looking with
favor on the appointment of Mr. Bab
cock. • '
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct.. 17.-r-Friction has
arisen between the Federal and Provincial
Governments over the appointment by the
latter of J. P. Babcock of California as
Fisheries Inspector for the province. The
Federal Government controls. the sea fish
eries, which include the salmon in the riv
ers, but the provinces have been disputing
this. Recently the salmon canneries com
plained that the Federal Government was
not paying sufficient attention to protection
and propagation of the salmon, although
the British Columbia fisheries contribute
an immense revenue to the Federai Gov
ernment.
tor Causes Trouble.
Appointment of Calif ornian as Brit
ish. Columbia Fisheries Inspec-
CLASH OF FEDERAL AND
PROVINCIAL GOVERNMENTS
LODGEMEH VISIT
THE VINEYARDS
It was also decided to hold a special
conference of the church, which has been
called for the second Sunday in Novem
ber, which -will be for the purpose of rati
fying to-day's action of the church au
thorities.
O. G. Snow has been appointed by Judge
Hall special administrator of the estate of
his father, the late President Lorenzo
Snow of the Mormon church, with bond
fixed at $20,000. President Snow left no
will and the property owned by him at the
time of his death consists of some real
estate, notes, mortgages, bonds, stocks,
etc, which according to the petition is
valued at from $10,000 to $12,000.
In the petition appear the names of
thirty heirs, numbering two wives, twelve
was chosen and set apart as presi
dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter Day Saints, in succession to the
late Lorenzo Snow, with John R- Winder
and Anthon H. Lund as his first and sec
ond councilors respectively.
President Smith was also named trustee
in trust for the church. He was likewise
named as president of the Salt Lake Tem
ple, with John R. Winder as his first as
sistant.
Apostle Brigham Toung was sustained
and set apart as the president of the
quorum of twelve apostles.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 17.-At the
regular weekly meeting of the
Council of Apostles, held in the
Temple to-day, Joseph F. Smith
Ten passenger mobiles, with a capacity
of fourteen passengers each, will be oper
ated on these three routes. The company
also has coming a touring coach' suitable
for -nine passengers and baggage. This
will be used in trips to Mount Hamilton
and about the county. An up-to-date shop
will be opened and machines of- all kinds
kept for rent and sale. : An automobile
cab service for this city is projected; •
Articles of corporation will soon be filed.
Robert C. Kirkwood of Mountain View
has a controlling interest in the new com
pany. Orlando Stevens, the bicycle rider,
will be the local manager.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— "Within thirty days
San Jose will be the center of three radi
ating automobile lines. The service is to
be established by a corporation of which
Colonel Cotton of Oakland is manager and
the machines are to be shipped from New
York in a few days. A contract has been
entered Into by. the company with the
Western Navigation Company, whose
steamer plies between Alviso and San
Francisco, to run a passenger service /be
tween San Jose and Alviso beginning No
vember 15. The machines will take the
place of the bus service now run In con
nection-with the steamer and will make
the bay route to San Francisco a pleasant
one, besides cutting down the time. Two
other routes will be established, one to
Los Gatos by way of Meridian and the
other to Congress Springs and Saratoga
by way of Campbell.
Special 5 Dispatch to The Call.
Work on the Nome-Cook Inlet stage
line is being rushed in preparation for the
winter.
Ca.nule Creek is still claiming the great
share of attention in the northern camp.
While there are no claims left unstakea,
parties of prospectors leave for the new
citings regularly. The work of taking
out the sold has proceeded unhindered,
and fully $500,000 worth of the dust from
the new district has been received in
Nome. Alexander Shtpsby, one of the
lirst men' to locate on Candle, has re
turned to Nome for a tbaw*r, and reports
i hat he rocked cut J1S4 in ten hours. The
miners are working through shallow
water in the- bed of the creek, and no one
has yet reached bedrock, as it is not
necessary.
On the afternoon of September 16, the
SI. Paul's sailing date, the report was
current that the steamer Centennial had
srone on the oeach near Teller. Xo con
urination of the rumor could be had be
fore the St. Paul sailed. The report was
io the effect that the Centennial was mak
ing her way south from Teller and on the
evening of September 5 encountered a
heavy fog, in which she went aground.
No lives were reported lost and the vessel
was said to be well on the beach, but
resting easily on a bed of sand.
While there was little in the way of
sensational news from Nome the St. Paul
brought down considerable information
about the other vessels of the Bering Sea
fleet and general affairs. The Garonne
lad not put in an appearance at Nome,
ona considerable anxiety was felt for ner
safely. The Senator was scheduled to
sail on her homeward voyage yesterday
and is expected to bring out a fml load of
passengers, including a. number o£ Gov
ernment employes.
SEATTLE. Oct. 17.-The steamship St.
Paul arrived at noon to-day from Nome.
She had more than $1,500,000 In treasure]
J^ij.OOO of which was for Seattle and the
remainder for San Francisco.
Touring Ooach s Will Make
Trip to Summit of Mt.
Hamilton.
Nome Vessel Brings News
That the Centennial Is
Ashore Near Teller.
Million and a Half in
Dust on Steamship
St. Paul.
Service to Connect "With
Passenger Vessels
. at Alviso.
BRINGS A GREAT
CARGO OF GOLD
'MOBILE LINES
FROM SAN JOSE
THE SAJf ifKAJNUISCU (JAL.L, FIUDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
Joseph F. Smith Succeeds to the High Office
Held by the Late Lorenzo Snow.
CHOSEN AS PRESIDENT
OF THE MORMON CHURCH
SXOW^'S SUCCESSOR TO THE
PRESIDENCY OF THE MOR
MON CHURCH.-
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
J. Ojr Advertisemen;s only begin in the newspapers; the strongest part of:?
g them is the fulfillment.; W- always have, and we always will give the most for •?
I ih~ money If the purchases arc not satisfactory when inspected at home, return them *
g and your money will be refunded. 5
ft \ i «5
% ' -~ ; " ~" — : '' : '. 3S
| %ecfTb? l Ziu%7 S Hm- \ P^ofateBiREfe ©a^aSr.^1 free t0 anv ™ f -°{- iov:n I
£ runs. CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE dddreSS, " x
jf? ;. \u25a0 r — — : — _ |
| irish Point Shams and Scarfs, each M2o. %
| \u25a0 - An enormous purchase J ...—.] §
£ J^^f^^^P^^^^^^^jg of the-e goods enables us '*fM$£^^^ %
S? §lt^MMy t0 °^ er a *- a educed rAte i^^%0iJ^^i} $
|" Wfi\mmmmmm'<vmwmwmmwm%wm^ (some matched sets in the ivB&^^fiS^" 5^! 5
if-,"'* "/\u25a0 ~ \u25a0 ' ' w "^~ J - \u25a0:. lo.) 36 inch and inch \W -^t^Tw-w &
% bcarfs and 32x32-1 ich Shams; they are all very pretty patterns, ifesT W J&&I! S
x not one piece worth less than 6dc, most of them 85c -^ WMgS^gMi' 'I
5 and $1.00 each, special tc-da- <@2® \ ia^seg!gfese*£: | g
g — I — I
£ FtannetettQ @g. B&d Spreads 88g* %
.|? Not an orJ : im/ mate, but substantially wovrn standard Fanntlettej, 120 full-sire, well made, heavy Crocheted White Bed Spreads , some X
. |f >n des:r 3 b.c n at pink and blue str.pes, adaptable for nlgit^wn^ with s!ight stain, in th e m (the kind that we mto at $1.1 < at other 5
jjy i»j»mai and under «ir gensraay, jo pieces only, ipedal g* times), at less than they cost to produce/special to-day «©<£*_ .V
I ft? to-day at the attractive pr:c: er, yard © $J cnl y cach £$2S$2 &
!| . - — — ' "• •• i
if • Lotties' Neckwear. |
i Collars r°° T"" Of 3X ; ?* ds and ends fronl » *S *=«°"*« *^»g- Some .lightly .oiW Jabot,, Scarfs, Seock *
g Collars, Net Tice, Si;k Ties, etc., at a small fraction of their rtgular va'ues J*
g At 5c Each-Stock Col'ars, Ascots and Chenille Ties, worth At 17c Each— Jabot Scarfs ani Net Tk», worth coc to S
t *5C and 25c each ; 5C 7S c, each... " * 17C*
# At 7c Each -Satin .Stock Collats and Wash Stock,, worth At 23c Eich-Silk Scarfs, 'stocks' 'and TaW "worth" Vc'c __ "2
g - a 5 c and 35c, each ZO to $1. 00, each J S3O X
IT At 12c Each-Pique Revcri, Four-in-Hands, Scarfs, worth m0% At 39: Each— Silk de Chine and N:t Scarfs," worth <i"oo x
» 35c to 50c, each iTSO to $i. 2 5 each _"_ 3BC '?
K - At 68c Each— Black Silk Neck RafF>, worth Jx.ae __ -•-•••
J «ch. .....68c *
I? - i St
$ £MIii?£lii£m!g&%*V& -Of ih3 Praetii&al Sort. • £
I J^ T Golf and Outing Nats in Profusion. |
K \u25a0g§llttill|k Women's and Misses* Golf Hats- B;oid br. : m; very light on head; fpeciaily priced at . . $1.25 to $/$. Q5 "if
tf MsfetK^Sk Thc . newe8: Hat of ths sca3on for everyday wear is the p'a n ani rough Felt Alpine or Panama; rol ing crim; oniy trim- &
2? 2SdlE%'fiilil! ml " S nece - sar y> a llu S e P^rnpcm in castor, gray, tan and black. Special at 75c to $2*50 %
t£ J^*cl^W>te$ifi» Pompons to match, a 1 co or ft t3, at „ 4Rg> to JBf Q<Z *i
I ChiIdren ' s R«dy.to.Wear Hats- All colors, at ! !. ! i" " i": ["i: ijIS to S^oS k
I \u25a0'\u25a0 ( ?Wz9\ ,.. $12.00 Trimmed Hats S8>45. - \
*£ This very charm'ng Silk Turban ; full shirred silk, ruched rim, plaited taffeta dome crown, trimmed •*
IT. . s ; * w ' £l1 feather pompons and a very stylish velvet bow; has real style and is certainlv a great %
2£ ' sj&^y^&'-m - bargain yyer &
x — . _. : x
I Last Two Days. :?
% Ladies' Shoes 98e, $1.33, $B.3B and $1.57 A
If We have selected 29 odd lines of Ladies' Lace and Buttcn Shoes an I Oxford Ties, ' &
» pricing them regardless or their real value. These lines do not comprise all sires; in fact, /J\ /TV S^\ X
g the assortmen: of sizes is very badly broken, but if you can find a pair of Shoes to fit you, / \ / *\ /\/k\ 5
X you will get one of the bes: bargains the Big Store has ever offered. The 29 lines have /JStsW $ \<( U/ \\!/!/y*» &
S? been divided into 5 Ict3, as follows: /fliiavk/i KK l^JS/^^s. •*
j Lot 1— Ladies' Vici Kid Oxford Ties— lot 3— Ladies* Best Quality Vicl Kid «S^?.^P vlife^ "'
ff Regular price $1.50 anl Ss.00 \u25a0 Shoes — Regularly J3.C0 tfff %
a pair. Sale price..... 98C ind &• 5° » P™- Sa'e price 3*1*5/ F^ J WffiS StS ? Jf V^^V '*
X Lot 2-Ladles* Vici Kid Uce ani But- Finest Quality. Bex Cdf Jl/ /S^K lEi ft^« V\ %
V \u2666„„ cu«». u , , \u25a0• - "» Leather Wet Weather Lacs Shoes — iQr f Xa^l^ \Ty N3? u
K ton Shoes - Regularly . $ g pair . . # \u25a0\u25a0 .?T f %
f2.Soapair. Sa'e price. .V^>#» JO Sale price...' $g.Jf& ]o^4 \AJ \1 x
a? Lot 5— Ladies* Extra Fine Quality Vici Kid Oxford Ties— Regularly m \ I \ .7 V / 5
K -Ji.co and $ z.50 a pair. Sa'.c price ... . $tm33 \J V/
I : "" - I
* t\ few Last Two Days. *
5- W J&C ' Boys" and Children's |
I /n&JI/ll CIothm 9 55c on the $1.00. I
1 " T /J > lr\ ' E - " WC WU1 COntinUC the sale Frida 3 r and Saturday of the clothing purchased from 5
$ V _TXk- Xr A iIILI 3J SchaIran Brothers » Ncw York City, the well-known manufacturers of Boys' and 8
I" Tl I // ill 3 111 \ Chi ' dren ' 8 high-grade Clothing, their entire sample Enes of Fall and Winter Cloth- X
\\ UJ I***- -*T Vh r7 fafl al 55c on tnc <Jo!lar * • ft
\V / tl n \]\J B ° yS * 5 '°° Three - piccjSuts $2 88 Boys' $3.00 Two-Piecs Suits . $189*.
& -J Ms M\J " WSL ' B ° yS> * 4 °° NcrfOlW SuitS $2.23 Boys' $4-00 Russian Overcoats. . $239 5
$ IM — ' ffl^°" B °y s> ?50 ° Two ' Piece Suits $2,69 Boys* $7-50 Lon S Pants Suits . $4,35 *
» Vj C" Boys' $7-50 Fall Ovcrcoatj $4,35 Boys' $5.00 Sailor Suits $2.89 %
g . : ,#
$ Sheet Masw. Man's §15 Suits $2Q Mew Tailor |
II^I^^S^sMP Bnt8 Overcoats Dress $i&75. - $
SC regularly 25c; specV. to ; dav t&C 0SOm75m * This particn'arly tfrr-%, %
I Aso about 300 copies, one «*"-, winter _ S^S.^ SSI ?
% Pflrh nf -thp -Ht*»«;t- Suits — Blue and Q, tremcy ttylnh ir^sT #
x eacn, ot me* latest sneer, . J^ Tailor Dress, ~ \~p> x
I Music published during B . a f t ch 7 ots '' a iPY «*» gra y , black rf®L x
I September and October ||| Wt %l y Ti [(Eh I
tf Special tO-day, COpy fGC and worsted*, smart XWU\ flounce skirt, flar- / \ l> 1 j/V X
i Children's Gomts. «^XT% M *£§**& W \V S
$ :jije&iM All-wool Grtlchtn f!""' ,£""*" '?'/\u25a0£ I / £«'iacl«tj'«t8o h 13
& r • €e-is^ \ £9 fast m .i l , • I I J /r a ' to-morrow only 7 4 \ ]</ V
K f \ \ m&JfmW make are the best, * \jT\ I t v ' J X
/ /**' W \ Children's new "gal** \u25a0 "J'"' > <s^~*'^ *
tt J I , w'J ! \, Meton Coat— Box * SEO t^edal Friday and §g4? . 75 5
«& / Z^? 7 *" l^^i.\ bacIt > braiicd Ji^^ Saturday only— * A c n u u uf»It*. « IK a 1 V
*L I /// fll vS ni*r,^i cm. u»An TtSa^r ?4-*W -'* waists, ?Z.y5 — As gooi as some •*
K \W ' i« r 7 a " i " mS> Ut ? IT'S «f#9 7SS peopVt I5.00 one.. Laed thtourfioiit, S
5 VI J? m Zc!'*a7sl U 9W.7S £dy tucked »1 made, and aboTt^ I
V>^ I ' 7 «\^n %A n. u • ur, * good all-silk taffeu; all ii»; colors only in . 2
1%JJL SMAb SSI
K Kersey Coats, storm collar anl cnfF, new \ worth $15.00; part JI7#f a #»AJ»9 9^9* X
§ box back, age*4:o6,price'*5.,ffO;8to \-^T*T^A . ., r '£ trr °1 f f *?' . v «
•?\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*« «R -7R . -,-, to \/l *7 i>«S \u25a0 \ / nix of * f eat »pecial Frarcel Mirrors, 7x9 inches, iramed in tf-^eh X
I . 10, $5.75, »te»4,»7.*g. Yjr-rf W\ pur . hasc , Black tni pU« <>ak frame; gt the right thin S tct th, *
5 ' .' . - — - ff « Oxford Gray Chey- kkchen«,r bathroom; rejrularfy J
I Furnishing Goods. iot8 , 35C> Speaal t0^ y oaIy 23 ° *\u25a0
j£ Men's Colcred Shirts— S iff bosom, nude of shades, best farmer Qg»QQQgmgQ Ssm —LitSUOfS
good quality perca'e; stylish, up-tp-dite, pat- sat:cn and silk sleeve . «J«*S*
tf terns; r gilarly $1.00; special lin - ngg , workman Eff^S BOSt FailCy*.
6 Frtdav and Saturday O#C ,. . , * , - #>^» m± n Ivm mn* JLQ. J^Tl C
g Men's Hosiery-Fine quality imported French / J of the ,ery best . RaHChf TCfi. 45 C g
\ V Lisle, drop stitch, Sft^TTrA-^ either in three-quarte r SpCCial tO-day, dOZ... 39C -J
y I ~C~~1 — \ openwork stripe, |||I|j|J lengths or extra long Catsup— Scider's; pbt bottles. Special to-day, 5
jf /x F: /*) regularly 50c vaiue; l|||i||! \ .coat; special Friday bott^k ZOO M
fc* viw'i /f | ?f P- c ' a '- Friday, and ill I' and Saturday only Walnuts— New crop; large and white meat. X
$ ]^\jH \ / Saturda y. 0%E- n W 1^, Specblto-day, 1 lbs 25O %
£ V-~*% \ W •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'•• fc) . &fO 75 Sauc* — The celebrated Ban-ki-por:, far meat jf
& \ Wttk \ .Men's Under- * * -and fish, ft pint bctte. Special to-dav ZOO §
** '\lfll\\ > wear-*-A good qual- Sugar — Best Dry Granu- §
* fm\ 'Z$00 Boys' Caps £3c. 'i* B ,%.J" °«*;.?g%6 1
tf. .K 1 \ \\ we) g hr » in g rav > Boys' L:ath:r Golf— Yacht Gin— We have 86 bottles of I© %
2C / k' \ \A Wcl1 ma ' e an(^ n * Caps, made ot pieces ot Qt~1~~T%) croice Imported Gin, in larg- VJSiL. 9
5 X hheJ> cxcc P :ionil 'leathir le:t over from the lg~=§^r squar: bottles; they ho'd over *$§£%\ X
S* V*\S \^ gO ° d V *' U^ regu ar. teison'* tti'V- fr^-' _j-# . a quart; .regularly $1.25 bot- *«
6 . andSatur- *» — ture; somi not exacty ? ** "^ ff "t'e. -.While snpply -»_ • Vffft JEaJfl «
J . Hay only.. JTZC * mltched in co!ors; • but 1 f hsts.^ bott e ...... 85O it^Jl Jf
tf Men's Flannelette Niqht Shirts— Good qual- ths qua. ity is perfect — Caps \^Z^i * Hoc'< Whlfe Wtnc -A cSoice B^/\2v *S
J ity flannelette, cut fu.l tize, well made and that would be worth regu- JC&aL" table Win?. GiL'on. .45o WvSiwtkfl <%
a good se'ect'on of pattirns, regularly $i.oo; larly 50c. Spicial to-day *" \VhiAy— Champion brand; r gu- \jp£~?^ fl "x
SC special Friday and Saturday .. \u25a0 __ only, each. ...*../. 'J" '• . -^-^ larly $3.00 gallon. Spe ial l^vSja **
K .............. YYG\ j 2!3O to-day $2.40 MMM 5
* -,': - ." \u25a0 \u25a0 ' - : ' ' \u25a0 . \u25a0: .,•..: r_ ... . . \u25a0\u25a0 . «
1 lvil 1 1C1ILI5 flpg^^ . 2|
There are a good many
reasons why a man is 0§^^^^^^^^
pleased when he buys a ff S^lll^S^^^^
•hat here. First he will be \J^^^^^^^
i pleased, as he will profit
by the low price; then again he can get just the style,
shape and color he wants, at the price he wants to pay;
he also has the satisfaction of knowing that we will listen
to any reasonable complaint, if he is displeased, and make proper
amends', every hat in our 6tore is sold under these advantages.
Our $1.30 hat is quite popular with a great many people. It
comes in Derbys, Fedoras, Graecos, Crushers and Alpines, in all
the usual colors. It is equal to the regular hatters' $2.00 hat, yet
the price here is but
$1.30
Ladies' Walking Hats j
; As a special feature to get ladies acquainted with our hat de- x |
1 partment we are selling ladies' walking hats for $2.50. The hats ?
are made from good materials and are trimmed with pompons, ]
1 breasts, feathers, winsrs. etc. The colors arc navy-blue, black, red, '
3 castor, tan, brown, pearl and gray. The hats equal the milliners' |
: $4 and $5 hats. Glance in our window and see for yourself— you j
g- will then realize ,the value at . . . - \u25a0
$2.50FRHi) AY.. ...;'. »,...... -.OCTOBER i8, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor.
Hints AD CesuncBletttais t* W. S. LEASE, Ytakg«r>
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 104
I'CBUCATIOX OFFICE Market find Third, S. F.
Telephonr Press 2O1.
CDITORXAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hr Carriers. IK Cent* Per W*eV.
* - Stnffle Copies. R Cents.
Terms hy Mail. Including: I'ostnjrei
DAILT CALL flnclodinr Eandar). one rear I«.W
PAILT CALL. (iBtiodinr Sunday). • months... ............ S.Ot
DAH.T CALL (includlcr Punday), » J-ontht l.S»
DAILY CALL—By Sinjle Month «5o
FCNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
TEEKLT CALL* Oat Tear. 1.00
-. V
All poitmaater* are authorised to reeelr*
subscriptions*
\u25a0 Satn£l« copies will be forwarded wn*a r«ju*»t*d.
Ua.1l rabecrlbtn In ordering chanc* of \u25a0ddrvnt «houia b«
rutkvlar to tfre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la ordvr
t» tsfmre a prompt «cd correct compliance with their request.
O1KU\D OFFICB. X118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xastftr fertlga Airertli injr, Maranetts Bnildlcg. Chicigt.
»Lorsr DIrtaace Telephone "Central 2SI9."I
JO£W TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.T Ilerald Sqnare
2CEW TOP.C REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPBE5 B. SillTH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAOO KETTS STANDS:
Cfcerman Hotis*; P. O. Ken Go.;. Great Northern Hotel;
rYmcat Boose: Aadttorlum Hotel.
KETT TOHK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aftorla Hotel; A. Brentaao, 31 TTaicn Square :
Korrar EBI Hotel.
WASH1XGTOX (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 O SU Vi W.
MORTON E. CK AXE. Correspondent.
UU\CH OFFICES— tS7 Montrom«ry, corn«r cf Clay, open
mstn I*.M «'doc*. SM Hay«, open until J;SO o'clock. 6M
McAUteter, apea until «:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• :(• «'dock. 1941 SUssloa. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner SlrtMoUi, open untU 9 o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
tmttl • o'clock. VX Kleveotli, open until » o'clock. NW,
eoraer Tweaty-eecoad and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FlUmon. open until 9 p. ra.
MISS EVELYN NESBIT, PHIL
ADELPHIA MODEL, WHO IS
GOING TO LONDON.
DESERTERS— T. L. B.. City. The law
relative to desertion is that "no person
shall be tried or punished by court-mar
tial for desertion in time of peace, and
not In the face of the enemy, committed
more than two years before the arraign
ment of such person for such offense,
unless he shall meanwhile have absent
ed himself from the United States, in
which case the time of his absence shall
be excluded in computing the period of
limitation; provided that said limitation
shall not begaln until the end of the
term for which the acoused was mustered
into service."
EGGS IN SALT-C. L., Ross Station,
Cal. It Is said that eggs may be pre
served in salt for an Indefinite period.
The following recipe 13 given: "Place fine
dry salt in a box an inch deep, set fresh
eggs in this, small end down, so as not
to touch each other. When this layer is
completed cov.3r with the same kind of
salt deep enough so that another layer
can be set as before, and so on until the
box is full and there ia at least an.
inch of salt on the uppermost layer. The
box must be kept In a cool, dry place."
I GRASS WIDOW— W., Oakland, Cal.
Efforts have been made to trace tha
origin of "grass widow" as applied in
modern times to a woman who is living
apart from her. husband, but not divorced
from him. Its use has been traced back
to the Calcutta Review of 1344, but it is
believed that it gees beyond date and
that it la a corruption of "grace widow,"
which is derived from "vidua de gratia,"
an old Latin term to signify "a widow
by favor."
VACANT PUBLIC LAND— C. M.. May
field, Cal. There is vacant public land m
the following States and Territories that
is subject to entry and settlement: Ala
bama, Alaska, Arizona. California, Colo
rado, Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana,
Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missou
ri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon,
South Dakota, Utah, Washington, Wis
consin and Wyoming. Application must
be made at the United States land office-*
in the several States.
WORMS OX ROSES— Enq.. City. To
get rid of wcrms on rose bushes use to
bacco water, made by steeping over nighr
a packet cf strong smoking tobacco in k
gallon of water. Spray the affected bush
several times with this water and then
gently shake the bush, when the worms
or insects will fall.
REGRETS— "W. B. B., City. The rules
of etiquette do not require that regrets
should be sent in reply to card3 for a
reception after a wedding. It is only
necessary to send- cards to the plac»
where the function is held, during tho
hours of the reception.
CAPO D'ASTRO-G. W.. Nevada. Capo
d'astro is but little used In connection
with the guitar at this time. Its purpose
is to change the tone, making it sharper
according to me fret the selection calls
for.
TAFFY— Subscriber. City. Taffy a3 ap
plied to a Welshman is simply Davy pro
nounced with aspiration. David is the
most common Welsh Viame and Davy la
the abbreviation thereof.
QUO VADIS-R. C. A., City. "Quo
Vadls" means "Whither goest thou"?
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado,
Cororado Beach, Cal., effective after April IS;
$60 for round trip, including IS days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. i New Montgomery st.
Among the first contributors to the ransom for
Miss .Stone was Minister Wu, but it will be remem
bered that he did not contribute anything to aid
American. missionaries endangered by the Boxer
riots in China. ... , ,
So much news that makes painful read-
Ing comes from Russia that it is always
a pleasure to learn of those noble or gen
erous acts which reveal the brighter side
of the Muscovite character and help us
to remember that the country is, after all,
a part of Europe. The latest is a very
munificent bequest for philanthropic pur
poses, which, had It been given In any
other civilized country but Russia, would
soon have become a topic of worldwide
comment. But a generous deed from a
Russian to Russia remains almost un
noticed outside 'the realms of the Czar.
Gawril Szlodownikow, who was a man of
great culture and who occupied a position
similar In character to that of an Eng
lish Privy Councillor, left recently a sum
of about £1,800,000, of which one part is
to be devoted to the erection of high
schools In Moscow where girls will obtain
the necessary classical education to qual
ify them for a university career, while
the remainder is to be spent in equal parts,
on the establishment of schools for me
chanical" training (for both sexes), and on
the construction, in densely populated
parts of the city, of large hotels — if. such
they may, be • termed— for • the use of the
better clashes of workingmen.
Russian Carnegie.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— W. D. Gould, Los Angeles; Na
tional—C. H. Phillips Jr., San Francisco;
Metropolitan— W. Frank Pierce and wife,
San Francisco; St. James— J. W. Wilson,
Redlands.
Californians in Wasnington.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
To repeal the law and return to uncertain depend
ence on State statutes would be a mistake, injurious
alike to insolvents and their creditors and to the busi
liess of the country.
It is claimed by the credit men of the country that
the «xisting bankrupt law passed in 1898 has put an"
end to chattel mortgage failures and fake confessions
of judgment, has made preferences rare if not impos
sible, has put the administration of bankrupt es
tates in the hands of trustees chosen by the creditors
and not by the debtor, has increased dividends and
reduced the cost of administration and without con
tracting credit has made the creditor more secure.
All these effects having appeared in the administra
tion of the law, it should not be repealed, but
should remain, as a permanent means of protecting
the rights of creditors, , giving them share and share
alike in a bankrupt estate, and as a means of dis
charging the insolvent debtor and enabling him by
enterprise to restore his lost fortune.
Without such general statute of bankruptcy the
varying statutes of the States must be appealed to,
and they are deficient in effectiveness. Our commerce
is so largely interstate that the credits necessary to
its operation become interstate credits. Foreseeing
these conditions, the makers of the constitution wisely
provided for an interstate bankrupt law.
THE constitution gives" Congress the power to
pass a general bankrupt law that shall have
equal application to all the States and safeguard
business by that very equality of operation. .
His magnificent Yildiz Is a monument to
fear. It is assassin proof, bomb proof
Architects and engineers are building and
rebuilding incessantly. Some new secret
retreat Is always under way. The enti-e
domain is surrounded by an immense
wall thirty feet high, and the choicest
troops of the empire stand guard around
it. An inner wall twelve feet thick with
gates of iron, Incloses the private' resi
dence itself. The walls of his own dwelll
ing are filled with armor plate, in case of
projectiles. It is said that a mysterious
passage, connects with ten secret bed
chambers, forming, an intricate labyrinth
No one but his body attendant knows
where the Sultan may sleep during any
particular night. He has electric ~light3
and telephones in his own apartments
but forbids them in Constantinople Tele
phones might prove handy for conspira
tors, and he believes that a dynamite
cartridge could be sent over a wire into
the palace. He fears electric explosions
so Constantinople still gets alonjr -with
gaslight. . 5 un
Once when the Prince of Samoa was re
tiring from an audience he stumbled in
his backward steps and fell. In a mo
ment the Sultan had pressed a spring be
hind him. The .wall' opened and he van
ished within, Bafe from the suspected at
tack. Abrupt gestures in his presence
often cost dear. Several victims are men
tioned, one a gardener in the royal park,
whom Abdul shot dead for rising too
quickly to an attitude of respect. Another
time he. found the child of a palace do
mestic playing with his mislaid revolver
and he had her tortured In the hope of
revealing a plot.
Guarding the Sultan.
. NEW YORK, Oct.' 17.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Francisco
— F. Zimmerman, at the Marlborough; D.
Kline and wife, at the 'Netherland; J.
Naphtalie and wife, S. M. Rosenbaum, at
the Savoy; H. D. Walters, at the Navarre;
Miss Connery, at the Metropolitan; J.
D. French, at the New Amsterdam; R. L.
Knapp and wife, at the Criterion; C. Reed
and wife, B. S. Dqan and wife, J. Dubois,
at the St. Denis; Miss Bishop, J. L. Has
kell, at the Gilsey; Captain W. C. Coul
son, at the Grand; W. D. McCann, at the
Holland; J. A. Orr, at the Broadway Cen
tral; G. Busch, at the Cadillac; Mrs. H.
S. Jackson, Mrs. M. H. Lawrence, at the
Kensington; O. S. Levy, F. McMahon, at
the Herald Square; M. McDevitt, at the
St. George; S. Merrill, at the Hoffman; G.
Napier and wife, at the Cosmopolitan.
Los Anseles— W. W. Beckett, at the
Park Avenue: H. Hellman and wife,, at
the Savoy; J. Desham, at the Navarre; J.
Thomas, at the Astor; G. Borden, at the
Manhattan; W. L. Stewart, at the Her
ald Square: W. Banning, Mrs. H. Ban
ning, Miss Brown, at the. Gilsey.
Sacramento — A. Mustlc, at the Ross
more. .'''\u25a0'•\u25a0
Californians in New York.
"No; it means if the fellow inside don't
want you, they'll push you out."—Pitta
burg Chronicle-Telegraph.
"Then does the word 'Push* on the In
side mean that you are In the push when
you get there?"
"Why have they got a 'Pull' on the doo
of this public institution?" asked one visi
tor of another.
"Why, you need a pull to get in, of
course," answered the other.
Kind Lady— You poor unfortunate man!
Why didn't you put your fortune in your
wife's name?
The Tramp— I did— an* she learned ter
play bridge whist.— Puck.
The Tramp (between mouthfuls)— I wuz
wunst a welt'y married man,' mum, but
I am penniless now.
"No," replied the customer, "I am rot
ill, but I come within the law of right, for
I drink mechanically."— Pittsburg Chroni
cle-Telegraph.
"Sir," said the drug clerk In a prohibi
tion town. "I may not sell you whisky
except for medical or mechanical pur
poses, and you do not look ill."
The Main Attraction— "What sort of place
have you found in the country? Good
beds?
"Worst I ever tried."
"Good table?"
"Abominable." . t
"Prices low?" * ,'
"Ridiculously high."
"Then why do you stay there?"
"Because they've got the best golf links
in the country!"— Cleveland Plain Dealer
He does not. He leaves it there 'or
somebody else to step on, my dears.—Chi
cago Tribune.
Poor Human Nature— Do you see the
man?
The man has just sat down violently
on the sidewalk.
"What caused him to sit down?
He stepped on a piece of orange peel.
He has just risen up.
He looks at the orange peel and mut
ters something under his breath.
Dees he kick the piece of orange peel
into the street?
The Rev. "W. A. Brewer, principal of
the San Mateo Military Academy, is at
the Palace.
John M. Horn arrived from Dawson
yesterday and has made his headquarters
at the Grand.
Chevalier de Freystadster of Budapest
is at the Palace. He is touring the world
and will sail from here for the Orient.
Ex-Chief of Police I. "W. Lees, who was
confined to his home for several weeks
by an attack of gastric fever, has so far
recovered as to be able to be out again.
W. Murfin, cue of the largest share
holders of the Midland Railway. of Eng
land, returned to this city yesterday and
is at present staying at the California
with his son, H. H. Murfin.
D. P. Spagnoli, a mining man of.Ama
dor Couhty, is fimong the arrivals at the
Grand.
O. H. Harrison, a coffee planter of Mex
ico, is at the Palace, accompanied by" his
wife. ? ''. '
J. J. Cunningham, a prominent mer
chant of Vallejo, is at the Grand.
Governor Gage returned from Sacra
mento yesterday and is at the Palace.
James M. Neil, owner of the street car
system of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.-
C. AV. Parsons, an English newspaper
writer, is in the city en route to Austra
lia. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0% £:\& -.••\u25a0".\u25a0'.\u25a0.\u25a0• ",••: \u25a0 "\u25a0'\u25a0' \
ler. Her father was a prominent lawyer
:.f Pittsburg, who died several years ago.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Philadelphia not more than a year
ago. Artists have limned her features
and graces and pronounced her one of the
foremost beauties of the country. Now
she is going to London, where a principal
part in a new production at -the Gaiety
Theater has been offered her and where
she will pose before "Royal Academy
artists, who have beer, posted upon Miss
Nesblt's worth as a model by their Amer
ican brethren. Ryland W. Phillips, the
artist photographer of Philadelphia, dis
covered her. She posed before his camera
and straightway there \vas developed the
reigning model of the artistic world, com
bining rare beauty of face with consum
mate grace of attitude and expression. In
New York famous artists, among them
Carroll Beckwith, Irving Wiles, F. S.
Church and Carl Blenner, have drawn
PERSONAL MENTION.
EUROPE Is to have an opportunity
of criticizing the beauty and ac
complishments of Miss Evelyn Nes
blt, to whom fame first came in
FROM the frequency with which the press of
the larger cities of the East urge the import
ance of creating a Department of Commerce,
with a Cabinet officer at its head, it appears evident
there will be a strong effort made to bring it about
at the coming session of Congress. The subject is
not a new one, and the public is familiar with the
arguments for it. In fact the proposed department
was indorsed by the Republican National Convention
at Philadelphia, and accordingly it has a rightful
claim upon the attention of the Government.
While the arguments which the great commercial
States of the Union are thus putting forth for the
Department of Commerce are valid they' are not
more so than are those which have been repeatedly
urged by Western men in favor of creating a Depart
ment of Mines and Mining. The two movements
therefore might well be taken up together. If both
be supported by the friends of each the chances ,of
success will be much greater than if each be left to
stand alone.
The nation has been slow in establishing depart
ments for the better administration of its expanding
business. Under the Presidency of Washington there
were but four departments — those of the State,
the Treasury, War and Law. During the admin
istration of John Adams it was found necessary to
separate the management of the navy from that of
the army, and accordingly the Navy Department
was established. No further addition was made until
the Presidency of Jackson, when the Postmaster
General was raised to a seat in the Cabinet. The
Department of the Interior was found necessary dur
ing the administration of Tyler, the first Secretary of
that department being appointed in 1849; and it was
not until 1889 that the great and growing agricul
tural interests of the .country were given representa
tion in the executive branch of the Government by
the creation of the Department of Agriculture.
It requires no argument to show intelligent men
that as the nation advances in population and in
wealth and becomes more and more complex in its
industries there must arise from time to time the
need for further divisions of the vast work of admin
istration. Our commerce has now reached such pro
portions that it is absurd to leave its affairs divided
between the State Department, the Agricultural De
partment and the Treasury, holding a subordinate po
sition in each. If the work now done by the Bureau
of Statistics of the Treasury Department and that of
the similar bureau in the Agricultural Department
and the Bureau of Foreign Commerce in the State
Department were concentrated under one control
and expanded so as to meet the needs of the country
it would amply justify the placing of a Cabinet officer
at the head of it.
Governmental work in relation to mines and min
ing is at present even more scattered than the work
done for commerce. The mining men have repeated
ly pointed out that in order to get information which
the Government has to bestow they have at times to
run from bureau to bureau, only to find at last that
while one has authority in one thing and another in
something else there is no central authority to bring
all the mining affairs of the Government into har
mony and consistency: By reason of the confusion
that prevails there results not only something of in
efficiency in the Governmental supervision of mining
matters but an absolute waste and loss in many di
rections.
It is to be hoped the mining men will be able to
present their case at Washington as strongly as is
that of the commercial men. There is no reason
why the two departments should not be created at
the same time. The nation needs both of them and
should therefore have both of them.
NEW CABINET OFFICERS.
The residents of a New Jersey village are firmly
convinced that a ghost is enjoying itself running a
sawmill, much to their disgust. Perhaps a change in
the brand of the village whisky might work as a
remedy.
AN INDIGNANT CRITIC.
THE Warden of Auburn prison makes the state
ment that several thousand sympathetic letters
have been received there for the assassin,
Czolgos*,. and a large number of express packages
containing presents, of flowers and fruit. The War
den says it would be ;i matter of surprise if the names
of many of these correspondents and gift-senders
should be made public.
The publication of their action is sufficiently sur
prising to the country. No one objects to any effort
intended to rehumanize the assassin in his last days
by offering a chance to repent through tht softening
processes dictated by religion. But there is a great
distance between this and the sensual satisfactions
implied in the gifts of flowers and dainties. It is known;
that such attentions to a pervert like this assassin are
always misconstrued. They are taken as evidence of
his importance in the world and feed that vanity
which exhibits him to himself as a hero who has
done a great deed and made' for himself an immortal
fam«. Instead of having a rehumanizing effect they
produce its opposite, and rather than inducing a soft
and repentant mood they confirm the murderous dis
position which led to his crime.
We know of no instance in which such a degen
erate has been in any way reformed for a better life,
or prepared, in a Christian sense, for the death which
awaited him, by such misplaced sympathy. To a certain
order of minds crime seems to present itself as a rea
son for the bestowment of attentions which are not
given to the innocent, no matter how suffering nor
how worthy. The sympathetic people who are un
regulated by common sense immediately invest the
criminal with a glamour of romance and offer atten
tions which are almost invariably misconstrued. -It
is quite a shock that such people have gone to the
extent of trying to pander to the abnormal self
csteem and self-approval of the miserable murderer
of the President, and the country heartily approves
the action of the Auburn Warden in arresting their
misplaced attentions, -so that they are not bestowed
up6n their unworthy object.
In another view of it such exhibitions of addle
pated sympathy are extremely harmful. If they af
fected only the people who indulge them and the in
tended recipient public feeling might stop at mere ex
pressions of disapproval and disgust. But they go
far beyond this. They appeal to the perverted class
to which this assassin belongs. Every one who is
like him takes such things as an expression of ap
proval of the crime he committed, and an affirmation
of the principles that he attempted to promote by
murder. We do not hesitate to say that the thou
sands of maudlin letter writers and senders of dain
ties to the assassin have done as much thereby to
promote anarchy and murder as all of the' open
anarchist propaganda put together. They deserve
exposure. Their names should be published as a
proper punishment of their folly and to deter other
fools from repeating the exhibition.
We are aware that sentimentalists may accuse us
of decrying the carrying of consolation to the guilty,
who needs it the more in proportion to the great
ness of his guilt. But as we understand the plan and
teachings of religion these fleshly satisfactions are not
listed among the ways that are taken to minister to
that spiritual change which religion seeks to work in
the criminal and the guilty. These ways may be used
without offense by these who minister them, and
without in any way encouraging in others the crim
inal tendency which may inflict further wrongs upon
society;, .
: ;It seems to us that the distinction should be plain
to a- healthy mind, and that it is clear to a vast ma
jority of the American people is evidence that the
normal mind, the sober mind, prevails in this country
and makes up that wholesome public opinion which
condemns assassination and despises those who make
a business of coddling assassins. 5
Sir Thomas Lipton is not to be permitted to chal
lenge the America's cup with the same boat next
year. He has therefore ample time to get over his
disappointment and make up his mind whether he
will wait two years to give Shamrock II another
chance or build another boat.
A NEEDED REFORM.
Whitecaps near an Ohio village' are said to be
poisoning the fruit of orchards in order to purchase
the land cheaply. This ought to suggest to the fruit
growers an excellent opportunity to decorate their
trees and furnish food for the crows.
William Jennings Bryan has urged President
Roosevelt not to seek for the renomination to the
Presidency, as one term is enough for any one. This
is another piece of gratuitous advice on a subject
with which Mr. Bryan is as usual unfamiliar.
A literary anecdote is going .the rounds to the et
fect that the German novelist, Spielhagen, once told
a friend he could recollect vividly every one of the
thousands of persons he had met in his life and every
word spoken by casual acquaintances, together with
their gestures and the cut of their hair and clothes.
It would seem that Spielhagen deserves a monument
as the greatest liar of the century.
Here's a Texas story: Governor Hogg started
from his home to go to New York, but missed a
train at Beaumont and had to wait a day. While
\u25a0waiting he became interested in oil stock and gave up
his trip to attend to business. Having now made a
fortune he proposes to finish his trip. It is only in
Texas where you can' miss a train and make a mil
lion before you take the next train.
IT is well when one can be amused by criticism.
We are amused by the indignation of a critic
who writes in the Willows Journal.
We had occasion to call attention to the subjunctive
condemnation of anarchy indulged in by Mr. Bryan.
He sought for its cause in conditions in this Govern
ment and raised his usual voice of warning to. its
usual' height in demanding, that Such • conditions be
changed and reformed as a means of getting rid of
anarchy. This position we deprecated. All who have
studied the principles of the anarchists know that they
find the justification for their crimes in the existence
of government itself. To them the Russian autoc
racj r and the American republic are equally offensive
and deserving of destruction. Indeed, the milder and
better the form of government and the more equal
its pressure upon all its people the more offensive is
it to anarchists, since it may be taken to prove that
government can exist in conformity to all human
rights.
Mr. Bryan, then, is obviously mistaken in assuming
that any existing social conditions, or any that can
exist, under this Government cause anarchy or are
needed to justify it to itself. Speaking not of par
ties in this country but of the whole people, we said
that Mr. Bryan's statement of conditions appeale.d
"only to the idle, thriftless and criminal minority,"
whereupon our Willows critic bursts into an eczema
of indignation and accuses us of being "a firebrand,"
of "hating the Ten Commandments," and going
a-raking "in the lowest hell."
The Willows man should not write when the north
wind blows — it makes him too nervous.. He should
keep his intellect in cold storage and not injure his
digestion by frothing away all of his saliva. That
the wind changed before he finished or a subscriber
paid up with a load of squashes is evident, for he
apologizes for using such incendiary parts of speech,
still insisting that he borrowed them from our
vocabulary! We really beg of him to correct this.
We do not keep "gangrene," "firebrand," "beslimes,"
"the lowest hell," "filthiest demons" and "slimy
vomit" in stock, arid so could not have loaned them
to him for use on that highly interesting occasion
when he sat down to express his opinion. We will
be greatly relieved if any one who has lost that job
lot of hard and off-color words and phrases will as
sert ownership and claim them, that ive may no
longer rest under the suspicion of having enlivened
Willows journalism by renting them out to this un
wise man who talks' vain knowledge and fills him
self with the north wind.
£-> ECRETARY GAGE in his address to the
American Bankers' Association at Milwaukee
* < -' reminded the country once more of the need of
reforming our monetary system. The Secretary is
reported to have said: "There is too close an inti
macy between the Government's finances and our
commercial affairs, though it is a comfort to note that
at the present moment the injurious effect of such an
intimacy appears to be at a minimum."
The time when an evil is at its minimum is the best
time in the world to remedy it. At the present time
the people are enjoying an unsurpassed prosperity
and the Government- has in its treasury more money
than it knows what to do. with. A recent report from
Washington says that including the redemption fund
of $150,060,000 there is now in the treasury a stock
of gold in excess of $350,000,000; that the surplus is
increasing at a rate which promises to show for the
year an excess of receipts over expenditures of more
than $70,000,000, notwithstanding the reduction of
the internal revenue taxes, and that upward of $100,
000,000 has been turned into. Government deposi
tories in order that it may be used in the channels of
trade instead of remaining locked up in the treasury.
Such amount of money on hand would enable the
Secretary to effect any well devised remedy for the
evils of our currency system without in any way dis
turbing business even for a moment.
•The Secretary in his address recommended that the
demand liabilities. of the Government, known as legal
tender notes, be retired and canceled; that the bank
note circulation be so modified as to make it respon
sive to commercial and industrial needs; that beyond
acting as the guardian for the people in relation to
national banks the Government guaranty to bank
note issues should cease; that public moneys in ex
cess of a reasonable working balance should be de
posited in national banks; that in periods of na
tional peace and prosperity the public revenue should
be in excess of expenditure, the surplus to be ap
plied to the reduction of the national debt.
That the Secretary will have strong support in his
efforts to bring about the desired improvements in
our monetary system is not to be doubted. There is
already a widespread sentiment in favor of the retire
ment of greenbacks. A short time ago 'Mr. Fowler
of New Jersey, who is expected to be chairman of the
Committee on Banking of the House, was reported
to have declaredMn favor of a plan to get rid of from
$50,000,000 to $100,000,000 of greenbacks outright
without replacing them by any otryer class of money/
As an alternative plan he suggested taking from the
available cash in the treasury about $100,000,000,
which he believes could be spared, place that amount
,in the reserve fund of the treasury, and then as a like
amount of United States notes came in cancel them
and issue gold certificates against the additional gold
placed in the reserve. He would continue. the policy
MISPLACED SYMPATHY.
While the financiers of the country are discussing
the best means of making use. of this favorable oppor
tunity to put our currency system on a sound basis
there is another set of statesmen who are meditating
quite other schemes concerning the public money.
They perceive nothing in the situation but a surplus,'
and are preparing to make an efTort to rake it with an
appropriation bill. It is certain that large expendi
tures will be advocated in all sorts of buncombe bills
this winter, for . the surplus is a great temptation.
The intelligence of the country, however, is on the
side of those who believe in acting now for the pur
pose of establishing a safe currency and ridding the
Government of its too close' relations with commerce.
As Secretary Gage said: "Looked at from the stand
point of true statesmanship it would appear that the
present is the most propitious hour in all our history,
and as favorable as any period we may : hope for in
the future, to enter upon reasonable and judicious
measures to eliminate all elements of financial weak
ness which experience has brought to light, and to
perfect our now faulty system of currency."
until there were no longer any- outstanding demand
obligations against the treasury.
THE SAN rRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
BEAUTIFUL AMERICAN
TO POSE IN LONDON
6
Oolumfcla— "Klorodora."
Orpfceum — Vaudeville*
California— ' "Rudolph and Aflolph."
TtroJi— "Cavalleria" and "I Pagliaccl."
Cr«j)<i Ocera-houne— "The Little Minister.**
Alcazar — "The Girl In the Barrack*/'
OvutWi Zcks and Theater— Vaudeville every p.ftorroon anfl
rrenin^ ,
riKcheK*— Vaudeville.
Alhambra — RojraJ Italian Band.
Htirs Theater— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Bawball.
Sutro Batht—Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By Occidental Horse Eschanre— Thl* day. carload of Horses,
at 721 HoTrard street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©T/VTEMEINT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
1 1 5 n II 1 I VliV i 9 1 1 3m
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 21st day of December.
A. D. 1000, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisiona of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amn int of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $1,230,OCO CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $S01,S00 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 857,700 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 7,178,654 S3
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7,goo 00
Cash in Company's Office 12S.251 82
Cash In Banks 730,818 SO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 53 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 24 832 13
Premiums In due Course of CoUec-
«<"» • v 1.233,54X32
Rents due and accrued 1,463 g^
Due from ether Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... \u25a0 9;573 S3
Total Assets $10,979,253 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $232 822 U
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 367.639 $2
Losses resisted, including expenses... s4 866 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng one year or less. $4,917,435 16-
reinsurance 50 per cent „ 2,458 727 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $6,022,-
867 05; reinsurance pro rata !. 3,003 313 H
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 84.300 00
Total Liabilities .$8,2C6,435 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $6,6S4.748 33
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ~ 61.660 04
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 312 843 76
Received for Rents t 13^2 27
Total Income $7,07^,934 61
' EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $C06,36G 61. losses of previ-
ous years) „ $ I 371 9T CS
Dividends to Stockholders !'.! 400000 o^
Paid or allowed Tor Commission or
Brokerage iiri «",7 si
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 511 703 Ot
Paid for State. National and Local °"'' Ul>ul
t**3CC3 ............................ 19"" 5**0 9S
All other payments and expenditures 61UCS 64
Total Expenditures .$7,2S6.6S0 U
Losses Incurred during the year. .*..£>. 012.'^ 63
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
>* ear •• $703,232,502 $8,142,122 31
Net amount of Risks *>."-.*— 01
expired during the
Nl't eD a r mounV,n"foVce *•«.» »
December 31. 1S00. . f 962.573, CC3 10.540.322 21
? E C ROTcI S | Pr?Sldent -
. DANIEL J. GLAZIER. Notary Public.
Pacific Department,
SI3 California St., Sar, Fra»cUc 3 .
Henry K. Belden, Manager.
Whitney Pa'ache, /. 8s t. Manager.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
\u25a0 «» » \u25a0
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
' « » \u25a0
Cal. Glace frutt 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
Townsend's California glace frult3, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
£39 Market street, Palace Hotel building.*
I -•""
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
HKS. PIPEB HAS WITH-
DRAWN PROM THE SO-
CIETY FOR PSYCHICAL
RESEARCH I
Read her confession in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CAIX.J. C. Stubbs. iraffic director of the Har
riman road?, v.ith her.dquarters in Chi
cago, arrived here yesterday, lie comes
from Salt Laki\ where he was present at
the conference or the traffic men of the
Har;!man roads.
sreadA pay a \isit to tne coast, Lut the
exact date was no', mentioned. While on
the coast it is expected that he will make
I tour of ir.spr-ction of the entire Pacific
system. He will also run over the-Oregon
Short Lir.e an.] the Orogon Railroad and
Navigation roais.
When llirrlinan will come out *iere is
hard to fay. He simply stated that he
The genorcl officers of the Southern Pa
cific Company have received word from
E. H. Harrimnn. the new. president of the
railroad, that he intends paying a visit
to San Francisco.
Stubbs Arrives in City to At
tend His Daughter's
Wedding.
Sends Word He Is Com
ing on a Visit to
the Coast.
HARRIMAN WILL
INSPECT SYSTEM
YOUNG COUPLE "WHOSE EN :
GAGEMENT WILL BE FOR
MALLY ANNOUNCED TO-DAY.
The concert of Miss Mary Genevieve
Moroney, that will take place on. Satur
day evening next, is not to be given at
the Hopkins Art Institute, as previously
announced, but at Sherman & Clay Hall.
An excellent programme has been pre
pared, In which the talented pianist will
be assisted by Mme. Camille D'Arvllle
Crellin, Donald de V. Graham and the
gifted young 'cellist, Lovell Langstroth.
The Moroney Concert.
Preparing for Civil Service.
An opportunity is afforded young men
who are Intending to take civil servce ex
aminations to prepare themselves In a
special class conducted by the educa
tional department of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Special rates are
accorded to members of the association,
but other young men can secure Instruc
tion at a reasonable tuition. This privi
lege Is being quite largely accepted. :
Can be found in every deck of cards,
but if you want the best backs at the most
reasonable prices you should go to San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street, who
also keep poker chips, crib boards, dice,
tally cards, etc. . •
. A "Pat" Hand
City Architect Moor.er. chairman. Builders'
Exchange — S. II. Kent, M. Lynch. Builders'
Association — J. B. McShephy. A. McElroy. San
Frar.ci'seo ChaDter Architects— Clinton Day,
William Curlett. MlFFlon Improvement Clubs-
James A. Cotter, F. II. Qualman. Metal Roof
ers' Association— P. H. McCarthy, Martin
Hughes. Real Estate Acents— H. P. Umbsen.
A. S. Baldwin. Klre department — Assistant
Chief ShaujchneEsry.
To Review Building, and Fire Laws.
The Supervisors* Joint Committee on
Judiciary and Building met yesterday to
consider the proposed building and fire
ordinance, the passage of which has been
opposed by architects and builders gener
ally. After a brief discussion the Super
visors decided that the subject was of too
technical a character for them to take ac
tion and the following committee was ap
pointed to Review the ordinance and re
port recommendations:
Smuggler and a Captain Fined.
A.' C. Barrett, a petty smuggler caught
with several pieces of silk concealed
under his clothing, was sentenced yester
day by United States District Judge de
Haven to pay a fine of fifty dollars with
out any alternative. . Captain Charles
Hagerup of the Francis Cutting was lined
a similar sum for having landed three
passengers without the necessary permis
sion of the Federal quarantine officer. The
captain paid the fine and' will sin no more.
Kor elde rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets. . friends accompanying
and holdero of nine months* excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
Ml Market st.. and ferry depot
Special Bates
After a year spent in touring Europe
the Rev. Father E. Caraher, returned to
this city yesterday to resume his duties
as pastor of St. Francis Church.
Father Caraher visited nearly every city
of any prominence in' Europe during his
absence, and being a close observer he has
a most interesting story to tell of his
travels. Last Easter Sunday morning he
had the honor and proud distinction of
celebrating mass at the Holy Sepulcher.
There were six masses celebrated there
that morning, and four of them were of
fered up by foreign priest3.
Oh Christmas eve Father Caraher was
in Rome and attended the grand and sol
emn service of the closing of the holy door.
During the service Pope Leo was carried
through St. Peter's in state and blessed
the faithful. Stopping at a confessional
that contained the ashes of Saint Peter
and Saint Paul, he knelt down In silent
prayer for several minutes. On reaching
the holy door he took a golden trowel and
with it laid the first brick that closed the
gateway for the next twenty-five years.
Father Caraher met President Kruger
while in Paris and was graciously re
ceived by him and his Cabinet. President
Kruger spoke most gratefully of'the many
kindly acts of the American people and of
the encouragement extended to the Boers
in their struggle for liberty.
A lecture entitled "Easter at the Holy
Sepulcher" will be given in the near fu
ture by Father Caraher. An interesting
feature of the lecture will be a graphic
description of the tomb of our Savior and
of how mass is celebrated there.
Returns to Resume His
Duties in St. Francis
Parish.
If a girl is really displeased with a man
she doesn't tell him so.
The lecturer deplored what he termed a
falling off in the interest which has here
tofore characterized the American people
In the Boer cause. He declared that the
same principle animates the Boers that
actuated our forefathers In the war of the
Revolution— that of securing liberty from
a government which is bent on crushing
them out of existence. He paid a high
tribute to President Kruger. who, he said,
was an upright and just man.
"This war will end, said Commandant
Snvman. "only when the British Govern
ment has exterminated the Boer race. \Vo
will keep up the struggle until we regain
our freedom, our homes and our families.
The Boers are in better condition to-day
than they were fifteen months ago. We
are dailv receiving new acquisitions in our
ranks and we will prolong the war until
there is not a drop of blood left in our
veins. Even some of the English people
in Erlcland pronounce the war an unjust
one on the part of the British Govern-
m After his lecture' Mr. Snyman explained
a number of interesting steropticon views
on incidents of the Boer campaign In
South Africa, Mrs. Anthony, a lady who
was imprisoned in one of the English con
centration camps, gave an account of her
experiences.
There was a large audience at Metro
politan Temple last night to hear Com
mandant W. D. Snyman of General De
wet's" staff of the Boer army In South
Africa lecture for the benefit of the Boer
women and orphans. Commandant Sny
man devoted considerable time to a dis
cussion of the causes which led up to the
South African trouble. He pronounced
the war an unholy one and predicted that
England would yet ece her opponents vic
torious.
FATHER CARAHER
IS HOME AGAIN
Commandant Snyman
Says His People Will
Be Victorious.
ENGLAND CANNOT
CONQUER BOERS
*' T a tea to be givsn in the Pres-
J\ ton apartments at the Palace
ZA\ Hotel this afternoon Mr. and
A JX Mrs. E. F. Preston will formally
announce the engagement of
their beautiful daughter, Miss Norma
Preston, to Worthington Ames. It was
not intended that the betrothal of the
ycung couple should be made public for
some little time yet. The charming fiancee
wanted to keen secret the story of her
new found happiness, but the fortunate
youngr man In the exuberance of his joy
singly could not keep the splendid news
to himself and consequently the secret
was out almost before Miss Preston's
"nearest and dearest" knew of It.
Invitations for the tea this afternoon
wont out last evening over the telephone
to forty buds and belles, all dear friends
James R. Dunn, inspector in charge of
the Chinese Bureau at this port, left last
evening with his daughter on a visit to
his old home In Massilon, Ohio. He in
tends to return about the 1st of January,
and during his stay in the East he will
take an active part in the arrangements
for extending the Chinese exclusion-legis
lation.
• Dunn said last night that the project of
Imposing a polltax upon all Mongolian
Immigrants was coming to the surface,
but that when the subject was broached
to President McKinley a few years ago
tho -President did not approve of the pro
posed plan. A poll tax to be effective
should be heavy enough to be prohibitory
so far as the coolie classes of Mongolians
are concerned.
Takes a Hand in the Effort to Con
tinue the Exclusion of
Coolies.
No date for th« wedding of the young
couple has yet been arranged, although
it is decided that their marriage Is to take
•place in the very near future.
CHIEF DtTNN GOES EAST
ON STATE BUSINESS
Worthington Ames is the eldest son of
Pelham W. Ames, secretary of the Spring
Valley Water Works. He is engaged in
the brokerage business and is a worthy
descendant of a noble family that dates
back to the Revolutionary times. Mr.
Ames' sister. Miss Bessie Ames, is one of
the most popular belles of the smart set
and asjoys the reputation of being the
finest amateur cellist in the city.
ATlss Norma Preston, the fair young
bride to be, is the youngest daughter of
Colonel E. F. Preston, the prominent at
torney. With her mother and beautiful
sister. Miss Edith, she has just returned
from an extended European tour. Al
though Miss Preston is hardly more than
a. debutante, she has -received a great deal
of attention and has been greatly sought
after and much admired.
of the Preston girls, and to them Miss
Norma will tell the ever interesting: story.
Miss Preston will receive her young
frierds. assisted by her sister, Miss Edith
Preston: Miss Bessie Ames, sister of the
fortunate young man, and Miss Mary W.
Denman.
To the Editor of the Call, San Francisco,
Cal.— Dear Sir: At last a large portion of
the awards made at the Pan-American Kx
position have been announced, and there is
the usual amount ot kicking. According to i
my experience there is more than the u;.Ual
amount of kicking. There seems to be a
howl ffoing- up from all departments and
ail portions ot the ground.
California shared lairly well in the fact that
Its State exhibit was given the highest award j
and that it received as many gold medals ;
and silver medals, perhaps, as. any other!
State. Still we feel grieved because some of |
our notoriously good articles have been passed
over with bronze medals or honorable men
tion, while many others among our meritori
ous exhibits seem to have been ignored en
tirely. Some of our wines that .have won gold
medals at other expositions received no more
than bronze or silver medals here, while quite
a number of both wine and brandy entries
have been apparently ignored, as their names
do not appear. among the list of awards in.
their class. Among the omissions is a splen-t
did canned fruit palace provided by the Cali
fornia Canneries Association, which has' re
ceived more compliments, I believe, than any
other one single exhibit on the ground. Among
the points claimed in Its favor were *l2e.
uniqueness, artistic arrangement, beauty, qual
ity and quantity of goods. In these pointB it
has no equal at this exposition, and yet among
the list of awards in the food products it does
not appear. Several of our best olive oils,
C'-'gv.larly entered, do not appear as having
received even honorable mention. One of our
best paintings was similarly treated. A fine
display of California wild flowers, entitled to
distinguished consideration, was ignored en
tirely; a laree and beautiful exhibit of seed
ed raisins received no mention; a display of
elegantly packed and first quality ..California
asparagus was apparently overlooked; and so
on to the number of about forty entries that
might be mentioned, and all of more or less
merit, were either overlooked or Ignored by
the Jurors entirely.
The worst of the situation is that there is
no source of appeal, though there may be
some means of correction. They had a Supe
rior Jury here \vhlch is supposed to havo re
viewed the work of the subordinate juries, but
during their work the exhibitors were kept In i
profound ignorance as to what the subordi- ;
,nate Jurors had done or what the Superior
Jury was doing. Indeed, we had no intima
tion as to what awards were made on any ar
ticles until 'the announcement in the papers
yesterday morning, when results appeared ns
herein stated. I have been following the mat
ter up and have just learned that a commit
tee exists, made up of members of the late
Superior Jury, which has the authority to
correct clerical errors, and If it can be shown
that the omissions referred to were the re
sult of carelessness on the part of subordi
nate jurors or their clerks, or the result of
oversight, it is, barely possible that we may
yecure a review and obtain justice yet on the
articles and exhibits that have, been appar
ently overlooked. A review of the awards
granted to California suggests the idea that
the jurors passed on each article presented
up to the number of 30 or 40. and then, be
coming tired, concluded to give bronze med
als to 30 or 40 more; honorable mention to 40
or 50 others, and ignored- the rest, and this
regardless of quantity, quality or merit. I
do not say they did this, as I have no means
of knowing What they did, but I say the re
sult would seem to indicate such action."
When a first-class wine, a first-class oil, a
beautiful exhibit of photographs, or other ar
ticles of equal merit/" • are ignored entirely;
when a whole house twenty odd feet square
built of a food product and In such an artistic
and unique way as to become the talk of all
visitors, is passed by a jury without being
seen, we must conclude that at least 1 1 ere
was some carelessness, if not actual indiffer
ence, on the part of the gentlemen who made
the awards.
I am going to follow up this matter, and
if the committee on clerical errors can do any
thing to remedy the oversight. I shall insist
that Justice shall yet be done to some of our
best exhibits.
In this connection I would say that the
awards In the line of fruits In Jars and fresh
fruits have not yet been announced; neither
has there been any announcement yet of the
awards in the dairy building. In both of
these departments California figures prom
inently. \
While individual exhibitors in many cases
will be sorely disappointed, as I am, our peo
ple as a whole will find consolation and sat
isfaction in the fact that their State is grant
ed the gold medal for the best State exhibit.
The fact that we secured this award . will
also serve to prove that those who have re
turned and spoken lightly of California's ex
hibit as a whole were either prejudiced or
predisposed to criticism. Very truly yours.
J. A. FIIjCHER.
In a letter received by The Call J. A.
Filcher, secretary of the State Board of
Trade, fully explains the position held by
the California exhibit at the Pan-Ameri
can Kxposition at Buffalo in the keen
competition between the States and Ter
ritories of the Union. Mr. Filcher's letter
follows:
. PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION*,
t Buffalo, N. T.. Oct. 11, l?01.
California Is Entitled to More
• Honors Than She Re
ceived.
Pilcher Explains Method
of the Judges at
; Exposition.
BUFFALO JURORS
NEGLECT STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
Intended to Keep Betrothal a Secret,. but Lucky Han
in Exuberance of Joy Tells of It.
MISS NORM A PRESTON ENGAGED
TO MARRY WORTHINGTON AMES
Mr. Stukfcs comes ts San Francisco to
aiter.a the iraMlng of his daughter. M : .ss
Kdllh Stubbs. ar.d Harrison M. Parker, a
popular rouse newspaper man, formerly
of this city, who row ho'ds a responsible
position v.ith one of the New York dailies.
Mr. gtubfcs refused to discuss railroad af
lairs, oxccprir.f; to confirm the fact that
Harr'.man would pay a visit to the coast.
E. O. McCormlck," gorcral passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, returned yesterday from Salt
Lake. He states that a slieht change will
be made in th? overland tiine-t-ible as a
rpsuk of the conference. Train No. 3,
that new arrives :n this city at 12:25 p. m..
Trtll tinder the new order of things arrive
here at S:3fl a. m.. This change is made
to rlrsse O** Rsno patrons, who have for
pome time been clamoring for a change
of time.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
[uaL . ©>^ I u *x w j[ vn B ft t* ft f
LAST TIMKS.
THIS EVENING. Matinee To-morrow and To-
morrow Ntcht,
Geo. H. Broadhurst's Musical Farce.
RUDOLPflandADOLPH
With the Two Emperors of Germany,
MASAN AND MASON,
40 COMEDIANS— 40
SUNDAY NIGHT.
"A FEMALE DRUMMER"
WITH
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS XOW SELLING.
* T I VO LI*
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp. '
To-nieht and Saturday Nieht. •
GAVALLERIA and I PAGLIAGGI
Suntjay Nieht. Saturday Matinee.
"ERNANI."
NEXT WEEK-
"NORMA," witii Avedano, the Great Tenor,
and "LAJOHEME."
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75c
Telephone— Bush J.
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY HARMON,
In His Sensational 90-foot Dive.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKE WALK.
"WISE & MILTON. Colored Champions of Aus-
tralia, vs. THE STEWART3 of S. F:
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SACRAMENTO ys. OAKLAND
To-Day and Saturday at 3.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
•RECREATION f*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison street*.
HILL'S THEATER,
(Remodeled Pabst Cafe.) Cor. Ellis and Pow-
ell. First-class vaudeville. Ladles' Orchestra.
Moving Pictures. Matinee Sunday. 2 p. m.
Admission 10c and 25c.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters ol
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or £«rop«aa
plan. " -
GRAND HOTEL.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BBNITO CO.
We offer .some stock for sale In this mine at
60c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember IS. The money will be used for de-?el-
cpment and to build a furnace, which will 1m-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 240 feet deep
and 100O feet of tunnels. We own 720 acrea of
ls.nl with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to S3 p«r
•bar* and Is all sold and Issued and will pay
a dividend tn a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
7 North Market it.. San Jose. CaL
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Offlc*.
413 KEARNT BTREKT. San Francisc*.
\u25a0P. DE rRCITAS. Ag»nt- _
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Ll3ts Hailed
on Application. V:^A
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
Et. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahla
& Co. (est'd. is;:). 1? and 19 Fremont st. : upon
Installment or rented: also beer apparatus.
, COAL. COXE ANJ PIQ IRON.
Jr WII QfiV £ rn 9°° Cattery Street.
• t- lYILiUil S VU-t Telephone Main Mil.
' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AS EflYFS & CO Bhl PP Ia * Butchtn. IM
JA3« CUICjgCU' gay. Tel. Main 1294.
! ? OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS, j LEONARD A ELLI3.
US Front it.. S. F. Phone Main 1711
PRlNTI?ta. *
F f HIIfiHF^ . PRINTER.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
rrur hicks-judd' co.. : .
• » «*lrst street. San Franctac*
S 8
© ,\u25a0 o
i - — * 1
\CUT PRICES I
| That Cut Competition. |
9. \u25a0 \u25a0 . ©
| No Disappointments. Goods and Prices!
| \ Exactly as Advertised at th 3 |
1 Popular I
e v • . . \u25a0 .-- ©
9 '\u25a0 \u25a0 r \u25a0\u25a0 9
© \u25a0 '\u25a0.. fj ; • — . ; •
• 9
« For $20.00 we will offer an entirely new TAILOR-MADE SUIT, ©
© Royal Blue Venetian, feather edge, velvet reveres and cuffs, our regu- ©
® lar $25.00 suit, for Friday and Saturday. S
g For $10.00— BLUE GRAY SUIT, velvet trimmed \u25a0 Eton jacket and ©
© flare skirt;' our regular $13.50 suit. * 9
g OXFORD GRAY U LONG COAT, newest fad, for $8.5O, or with g
2 2 capes for $10.00; money saving in this garment. . g
© $17.50 for a LATE STYLE ELECTRIC SEAL . JACKET, lined O
• with heavy satin; sold elsewhere for $25.00. . 9
g $3.5O, $4.OO, $5.OO CHILD'S TAN RAGLANS, ages 4, 6 and 8 g
Q years, nicely trimmed, satia l^ands, worth $7.00. q
9 $4.OO— HEAVY DIAGONAL SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, in Black ©
9 only, with 2 satin bands; a great bargain. s- . •
I 1230=1232=12§4 MARKET ST. |
•©©••••®9©©9©©©9©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©e©S
AMUSEMENTS.
BE^SCOAmaTHAlCS^jj^,
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY and SUNDAY
. EVENINGS.
Matinees TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
John A. Stevens' Successful Melodrama,
WIFE FOR WIFE
One of the most powerful realistic plays ever
presented.
DDirCC Evening* llOe. 15c. 23c. 33c. Me
rillvC<j Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT MONDAY — Mammoth spectacular
production of "THE COTTON KING."
vUELUiWI»IA LEADING THEATK
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
FL0R0D0RA.
Beginning Next Monday.
STUART ROBSON
As "BERTIE THE UUB" in
Bronson Howard's Greatest American Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA"
A Veritable All-Star Cast
SEATS NOW READY. .
/
New Vaudeville Favorites!
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, De
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton and
the Biograph. Last times of Maud
Sorensen and Tom Dunn, Sisters
O'Meers, Mitchell and Barnard and
Wilfred Clarke and Co.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c. .
MATINEES TO-MORRO"W AND SUNDAY.
• LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
. By John Arthur Fraser.
The Only Authorized .Version of J. M. Bar-
rie'a Celebrated Novel.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matineea 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Walter E. Perkins in "THE MAN
FROM MEXICO."
flYHMATRfM>
TO-NIGHT— EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
IT'S THE REAL THING.
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS.
Greatest ot all 'Sensational Farces.
Matinees To-morrow and Sunday.
PRICESr-15c. 25c. 35c. 50c 75c.
ALHAMBRA.
FAREWELL TIMES.
THIS EVENING, "CHEATORE" MG11T.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
MATINEES TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
SUNDAY EVENING (farewell),
\u25a0 POPULAR NIGHT- P0PDI.AR PRICES, 25«, SOe, 75«
i Messrs. Elllnghouse and Oppenhelmer announce
the Farewell Appearances of *
MR.' CHANNING ELLERY'3
; ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
I . ' jo ARTISTS 50 '
I RIG GIUSEPPE CREATORS, Director,
, Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILt. Soprano.
1 MISS IDA B. HE1NTZEN. H»rpi»t.
» SEATS READY— ALHAMBRA BOX OFFICE.
I pTorU17P»Q CONCERT HOUSE,
I MOl/IiHn O Admission lOc.
\u25ba Bartelmese; Maud De Alma; Harry Holmes;
\ 'iierr Huber; Eleanore Jenkins; Sydney Smith;
| Val Vousflen; Silvia Puerari and HInrlchb'
f Orchestra. \u25a0 '
\u25ba Reserved Seats. 25c. Matjne* Sunday.
J SUTRO BATHS,
I OPEN NIGHT'S.
) . Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. tn.
[ .. Bathing from 7 a. tn. to 10:30 p. na.
' ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
\u25ba Bathing, including admission, 23c. Children, 20c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the Children.
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect
Nothing Is so Safe and Picas-
ant as Stuart** Dyspep-
sia Tab!cts.
Thousands of men and women have
froind Stuart'-3 Dyspepsia Tablets the
eat'est and mopt reliable preparation for
£r.y form of indigestion or stomach trou-
bie.
Thousands of people who are not sick.
but are well and wish to keep well, take
Etnart's Tablets after every meal to in-
eure perfect digestion and avoid trouble.
But it is not generally known that the
Tablets are ftlst as pood and wholesome
fcr little folks ;i? for their elders.
LHtle children who are pale, thin and
have no appetite, or do not grow or thrive,
should use the taWets after eating and
will derive sreat benefit from them.
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley. 53$ Washington
street. Hobok n n. New Jersey, writes:
"Stuort's Dyspepsia Tablets just fill the
hill for children as well as for older folks.
I've had the best of lurk \rfth them. My
3-year-o'd pirl takes them as readily as
candy. I have only to say "tablets' and
she "drops everything else and runs for
them."
A Buffalo mother, a short time ago,
•who despaired of the life of her babe,
was so ocliphted whh the results from
giving the child these tablets that she
went before the notary public of Erie
County. N. Y., and made the following
affidavit:
Gentlcmpn : — Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
were rer-rmmerded to me for my 2-
months'-<Md ba'jy. which was sick and
puny, and the doctors said was suffering
from in digestion. I took the child to the
hospital, but there found no relief. A
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and I
procured a box from my druggist and
used oniy the htrrre sweet lozenges in the
box. and' ira? delighted to find they were
just the thing: fr.r my baby. I feel justi-
fied in saying that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets saved my child's life.
MRS. W. T. DETHLOPE.
Subfr-ribfd arc* sworn to before me this
12th day of April, 1^97.
HENRY KARTS.
Notary Public in and for Erie Co., N. Y.
For babies, no matter how young or
delicate, the tablets will accomplish won-
ders in increasing flesh, appetite and j
growth, l.'se only the large sweet tab-
lets in every box. Full sized boxes are !
Fold by all druggists for 50 cents, and no j
parent should netr'.ect the use of this safe j
remedy for all stomach and bowei trou-
bles if the chiid is ailing Jn anj' way re-
garding its fool or assimilation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
known for years as the best preparation
for all stomach troubles, whether In
pdults or- infants.
DISORDERS jf^\
BT FAR THE GREAT- */ /JV^S^hV^
cr number of patient* fe. l\' \< J I <C? '
reoking relief for Eo-called VT \\ jJ"R// //
w oakness are strong, \\ ] \ j\ y/ //
robust men in every other
jfspect. Lofs of Vitality, Prematureness, etc.,
are not w<>akn«-«»s, but th» symptoms of In- \u25a0
fammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
\u25a0 so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repr-ated and too lonR
continurci' excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, dir^ct^d toward reducing the en-
larged and Fwoll^n Prostate. Immediate r»>-
f-ults. as indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed FtrenRth, are observed. Our colored
rhart of the urgacs. which we send fr*>e on
application, is interesting: to any one wishing
In rtudy tlie anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOri & Ctf., 997 Market St.
UzJ? FAVORITE
H FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDITC XJ C C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannert,
I dyers, flourmilla. foundries, laundries, paper-
liancers. printers, painters, shoo factories,
etabletnen. 'tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
brush Manufecturers, 609 Sacram;nto St
APVEaTISEMlSlJTS. ..._._
M As usual, our offerings of Friday's specials consist |
H of seasonable goods at genuine reductions. You want S
B to watch these Friday sales and save money on your Eg
H LADIES'. BOX CALF LA£E MEN'S BOX CALF LACE 1
M SHOES— Stout extension soles, styl- SHOES— Double soles extended, 1
H. ish last; regularly $2.50 and good full round toe. On Friday only.'... fas
H value at that.i 82.15 S2.G5 m
i LADIES' KID HIGH CUT LACE MEN - S PATENT LEATHER 8
B BOOTS— Just the thing for short OXFORD TIES— And by the way. B
B sk rts or wet weather. On Friday a patent leather Oxford Is as cor- g
gj only »-.«».» rect t hi3 season as a patent leather g
H shoe. On Friday only $iI.S5 Q
H \u25a0 LADIES' PATENT LEATHER E
B LACE SHOES— Extension or light T TTTT -, BnT< ,, -ccirt t acv S
c3 flov-n-iio anloa swell flat toes: n. i»i i u_»t« HKjxa j\.iu uauci jh '
B 3re«v %??«£* shoe »2 85 SHOES-an excellent wearer, limit- g
\u25a0 dressy street snoe.. .....©-.».> ed quantity, sizes 9 to 13 $1.00 9.
PI CHILD'S AND MISSES* KID . .9
M LACE SHOES— Kid tips, stout BOYS' SATIN CALF LACE 9
H soles, for school or dress: f< • } SHOES— Soft uppers and stout |
H eto8 &1.1O so!es: . a
Kg 8V. to 11 S1.3O 13^ to 2. regularly J1.50....S1.3O W
H llVz to 2.. .....SI. Go I 2% to 5^. regularly $1.75.... #1.45 B
I Our KOMFORT $3.50 SHOES for men and I
El women are acknowledged to be the snappiest and nest 9
g wearing shoes at that price shown in this city. See our H.
II window display. r \u25a0 ||Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
~ i FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18.
Sun rise3 6:21
Sun sets 5:29
Moon sets 9:43 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW LW HW LW
18 ... 4:16 4.2 8:26 3.2 2:19 4.9 9:36 0.6
19... 5:09 4.2 9:39 3.2 3:16 4.7 10:31 0.6
20 .. 6:01 4.5 11:01 3.2 4:28 4.5 11:30 0.7
21... 6:45 4.8 12:10 2.7 5:49 4.5
L W H W L W H W
22 ... 0:24 0.8 7:26 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.5
23 ... 1:19 -0-9 8:C4 5.3 2:04 1.5 4 7
24 .. 2:09 .1.0 8:41 ,5^5 2:51 0.8 9:13 4.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in'ad
dltlon to the soundings on the United Statej
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
th« lower low waters, \u25a0---
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 17.
Stmr "Whitesboro, Olsen,. 15 •' hours from
Greenwood. . >
Slmr Point Arena, Hansen,- 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Simr Pomona, Shea, '\u25a0 18 hours from Eurpka.
\u25a0 Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 61% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46# hours.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 48 hours from San
Pedro. : • • . - <
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 31 hours from Monterey.
Stmr San Juan. Robinson, 21 days 16 hours
from Panama, etc.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San-Diego and way ports. • >'•>\u25a0• '\u25a0 •
Shipping Intelligence.
The ship Henry B. j Hyde . sailed Wednesday
for New York with a general cargo, including
the following merchandise and produce: 479,961
gals wine, 159,990 lbs lead, 11,400 cs and 1170
bbls salmon, 50 cs arms and ammunition. 94
pkgs books, 9 pkgs machinery, 453 cs honey.'
628 bbls asphaltum. 1190 sks mustard seed. 461
cs liquors. 18 cs drugs, j
Merchandise for New- York.
The Norwegian steamer Kvarven was cleared
yesterday for Hongkong with the following:
cargo, valued at 581,115: 25,875 bbls flour, 22
pkgs groceries and provisions, 177 cs canned
goods. The steamer also carried 3594 bbls flour
and some lumber; valued at |3685, which was
laden at Portland. ,-f
A Cargo for China.
The Leyland Bros, will load wheat at Port
land for Europe, 35s; the German steamer Elba,
wheat at Tacoma for St. Vincent, for orders
and not as previously reported; the Bainbridge.
lumber at Blakeley for Callao. 46s; the Ex
pansion lumber at Tacoma for Honolulu; the
Elwell. merchandise at this port for Australia,
lump sum. .. , \u25a0 _\u25a0 . ;.
Matters of Interest to. Mariners and
' •. Shipping .Merchants.
OT3WS Or THE OCEAN.
Captain Shaub arrived from the East
last night and will take command of the
ship. Henry Villard. - He was formerly in
the brig Lurline and brought the Wallace
B. Flint here from the East.
The engineers' department of the Sher
man and the time keepers of the Union
Iron Works are to play a game of baseball
on the park recreation grounds next Sun
day.
The cruiser Philadelphia arrived from
San Diego yesterday. She will probably
sail again Sunday for Panama.
Water Front Notes.
Zil'.ah May. September 28. 644; Geneva, Sep
tember 24/ 475; Penelope, September 21, 4D0;
Otto, September 19, 606; Triumph, September
18, 400; Beatrice, September 21. 145; Sadie Tur
pel, September 21, 137; Victoria. September 30,
2S0; Enterprise, September 22, 260; Alnoka, Sep
tember 22, 33j.
The sealers have done fairly well this
year. News from the north gives the
catch as follows:
Uews of the Sealing: Fleet.
The Pacific Mall Company's San Juan
arrived from Panama and way ports yes
teiday. Her cabin passengers were: D.
G. Daris. O. H. Harrison and wife, John
Harrison, E. Aniguadla, Eloise Ramirez,
Kitty Humphries, Henry Prosoles and
Ella Harrison. Besides these she brought
up thirty-two in the steerage. Among the
cargo was $100,000 in treasure.
San Juan Arrives.
Eastern Race Results.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Morris Park sum
maries:
First • race, five and a half furlongs-^Trlbes
Hill won. King Pepper second, Highland, third.
Time, 1:04^4.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Jo
sepha won, AHbert second. Mint Bed third
Time, 1:05. .
Third race, the New Rochelle, one mile
Louisville won. Decanter second, Paul Clifford
third. Time, l:42tf.
Fourth race. Westchester, six and a half fur
longs—Lady of the Valley won, Chuctanunda
second. Carbuncle third. Time, 1-2L
Fifth race, one mile— Ethics won, Dolando
second. Knight of the Garter third. Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Sadie S
won, Herbert second, St. Finnan third. Time.
l:5u^£. \u25a0 ' *•
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Worth results:
iFl^y-n™ 0 *' nve furlon &s-St. Hera won,
Mabel _\V inn second, Step Onward third. Time,
1 :04 l-o.
Second race, one. mile and a quarter— Sarilla
won. Little Elkln second. El Caney third. Time.
Third race, six furlonga-McChesney won,
Luclen Appleby second. Miracle II third. Time,
Iil3 1-5. • *
S Fourth race. Oakland handicap, seven and
a half furlongs— Federal won, W. J. Deboe
second, Haviland third. Time, 1:37.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Money Mues won
Burnle Bunton second. If You Dare third.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards— Balrd
won. Knight Banneret second, Hunswurst
third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 17.-Fair Grounds summary:
First race, one mile, selling— Bengal won. An.
tolee second, Nekarnis third. Time, 1:43
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Tenny Belle won, Ed L second. Judee Pet
tus third. Time, 1:00%. S
Third race, six furlongs— Hunter Ralne won
Louise Wagner second. Terra Firma third.
Time, l^lb'A.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse— Fltzkanet
won, The Bronze Demon second, Survive third
Time, 1:29%. ' ' >
Fifth race, mile and an elgrhth— Uterp won.
Charles D second. Nettle Regent third. Time
1:57.
Sixth race, mile and a quarter, selling— Zazel
won, George Lee second, Swordsman third
Time, 2:12>i.
Cresceus Fails in Time Trial.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 17.— Cresceus went
against time at the local driving park this
afternoon, but failed, the best he could do be
ing a mile in 2:05^.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. , 17.-Summary:
2:10 pace, purse $1000— Council Chimes won
thren straight heats in 2:15H, 2:15%. 2:15%. Lit
tle Squaw, lone, Don Riley and Gametta. also
started. .
The West stakes, 2:29 class, trotting-, purse
$»00— Leola won three straight heats in 2:21%
2:17»i. 2:16. Lady Patchie. Lady Constantlne,
Iva Dee and Crescent also started. •
2:1S class, trotting, purse J10O0 (unfinished)—
Alice Carr won the first heat in 2:16Vfc. Gal
betor won the second heat in 2:16%. Una Belle
won the third heat in 2:1S&. Colonel Cochran.
J R H. Neighbor Girl, Marion Wllkes, King 1
Humbert and Dartmoor also started. "\u25a0
Big Excursion to Los Angeles and
San Diego.
WILL GO BY
SPECIAL TRAIN
Since the announcement yesterday that
an excursion would be {riven by the South
ern Pacific on the 21st for the benefit of
the Episcopal delegates the full details
of the event have been decided upon.
Tickets will be sold to Los Angeles and
return for a single fare, $15, and to San
Diego and return for $19 50. They will be
good for going passage only by way of the
Coast Line, but return may be by. either
route, and October 31 is the limit. A spe
cial train will be made up at the Third
and Townsend street depot to leave at 8:30
o'clock Monday morning, provided .there
are enough excursionists to Justify a spe
cial train. Otherwise they will take the
regular 9 a. m. train. Stopovers will be
permitted on these tickets In either direc
tion.
U S stmr PhiladelDhla, Meade. 2 days from
San Diejo.
Aus stmr Alberta, Bussanlch. . B6 hours from
Astoria.
Bktn J M Griffith. Arey, 12 days from Port
Hadlock; Benlcia direct.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 10 hours from Timber
Cove.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 17.
Nor stmr Titania, Esenes. Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons. "
Nor stmr Kvarven, Kanltz, HonzkonR; Cal
& Oriental S S Co.
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
* SAILKD.
Thursday, October 17.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka. ' .
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro and way
ports.
Stmr Scotia, "WalviB, Rockuort-
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, Tacoma.
Stmr Cella, Adler.' .
Xor stmr Titania, Egenes. Nanalmo.
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu.
Bktn Tain O'Shanter. Patterson, Columbia
River.
SPOKEN.
Sept 18, lat 24 S, Ion 41 W-Ger ship Alice,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Sept 23,' lat 12 N, Ion 25 W— Fr bark "Vendee,
from Shields, for Orecon.
Oct 9, lat 9 N, Ion 2 W— Fr bark Max, from
Glasgow, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NOME — There Is a rumor afloat that atmr
Centennial Js ashore at Teller.
Per schr Florence M Smith, at Clayoquot
Sound— Sept 2, schr Penelope, with 450 sklris;
Sept 19, schr Otto, with 506 skins: schr Tri
umph, with 4C0 skins; Sept 21, schr Beatrice,
with 145 skins: schr Sadie Turpel, with 137
skins; Sept 22, schr Enterprise, with 260 skins;
schr Alnoka, with 335 skins. Sept 24, schr Vic
toria, with 2S0. skins; schr Geneva, with 475
skins. Sept 28, schr Zillah May, with 664 skins;
Sept 20. schr Annie E Paint, with 600 seal
skins.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 17, 10 p m— Weather
haiy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles an hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Alcatraz.
for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka.
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Gualala, for
San Francisco. \u25a0 1 \u25a0
FORT BRAGG— Arrived . Oct 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Oct 16.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
BEATTLE-Arrlved Oct 17-Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Oct 12; stmr Czarina, hence Sept
13; stmr St Paul, from Nome.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Newsboy, for Grays Har
bor; stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
Arrived Oot 17— Stmr Dlrigo, from Skaguay;
•tmr Cottage City, from Skaguay.
PORTLAND— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Intra
velli. from Hongkong; Ger ship Rlckmer Rlck
mers, from Hlosro; stmr Columbia, from San
Francisco.
NOME— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Elihu Thomson,
for Seattle.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct IT— Tuif Rescue*,
with barge Santa Paula In tow, hence Oct 15,
and- sailed for San Franclsoo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oot 17— Stmr
Dlrlgo, with stmr . Cottage City in tow, for
Seattle.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 17-Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco; schr Allen A, for
Eureka.
NEAH— Passed out Oct 17— Br shio Eden
ball ymore. f rom ' Tacoma, for Queenstown.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 15.
Sailed Oct 17 — Br stmr Glenturret^xiJr bark
East Indian. Fr bark St Donation, for Queens-
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Bertha Dol
beer, from Newport; schr Serena Thayer, henc«
Oct 10; stmrs Eureka and Signal, hence Oct 18.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr H C Wright, for Hono
lulu: stmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
QUARTERMASTER HARBOR— Arrived Oct
16— Bark Vldotte, from San Pedro.
NEAH BAT— Passed in Oct 17, at 7:30 a m—
Stmr San Mateo. hence Oct 14. for Nanalmo.
- UNALASKA— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Valencia.
Oct 9 — Stmr Roanoke. for Nome.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Oct 6— TJ S stmrs
Bear, Thetis and Dan Manning:.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr San Mateo.
hence Oct 14, to sail Oct 18 for San Franclsoo.
In port loading: Oct 17 — Br ship Alexander
Black. Br ship llatterhorn, Br ship Eudora. Br
ship Ncrma, Br ship Godlva, Ger ship Lis
beth Br ship St Munpro. Dan ship Jupiter, Au«
Btmr Borneo, all for United Kingdom; Br stmr
Lincolnshire, for United IClnpdom: shlo S D
Carleton, for Honolulu; schr Alvena, schr Sa
die, for San Pedro.
WHATCOM— In port loading Oct 17— Bktn
Benicta. for Callao.
PORT BLAKELEY-In port loading Oct 17-
Bark Gen Falrchlld, for Sydney: «ehr Solano.
for Shani?hol: schr BainbrldBe. for San Fran
cisco; schr Enterprise, for San Francisco; Chll
bark Otello. for Valparaiso: schr G W Wat
son, for San Francisco; schr F S Redfleld, for
Honolulu; bktn Northwest, for San Pedro; schr
Fanny Dutard. for Ventura.
BENDER ISLAND— In port loading Oct 17—
Schr Forester, for Santa Rosalia.
PORT GAMBLE— In port loading Oct 17—
Bark Abbey Palmer, for South Africa; schr
Alice C^fre. for Honolulu; schr C H Merchant,
for San Ttamclsco. • . • .
EASTERN PORTS.
\u25ba TJEW YORK— Arrived Oct 17— Br itmr Croy
don, from Guayaquil..
- DELAWARE* BREAKWATER-PaMed- Oct
Captain Tilley is charged with a num
ber of offenses, among which drunkenness
is not the most reprehensible. The com
plainants are prejudiced, however, it is
said, and the chances are the case will
never reach a court-martial.
D. Evans, Captains Cooper,
Glass, Thomas, Merry, Reiter and Har
ringrton, and Captain Myer, United StJtes
marine corps. These gentlemen aro to
form. the court that will try Captain B. F.
Tilley, Naval Governor of Tutslla. The
London Missionary Society has brought
charges against him and If the naval offi
cers find there is any ground for the com
plaint a court-martial will follow.
The battleship Wisconsin with Rear
Admiral Casey aboard is now said to be
on her way "to Samoa, and the cruiser
Philadelphia, which arrived yesterday
from the south, will go to Panama, reliev
ing the Iowa, In order that that vessel
mas' go to Pago Pago for the investiga
tion.
&~j^o HE navy transport Solace will sail
II from here to-morrow for Pago
j Pago Samoa. Among her passen-
II & ers will -be Rear Admiral Robley
NAVAL TRANSPORT SOLACE. WHICH IS SCHEDULED TO SAIL TO-MORROW FOR PAGO PAGO WITH THE
COURT APPOINTED BY THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY TO TRY CAPTAIN B. K. TILLY, NAVAL GOVER
NOR OF TUTUILA. ON CHARGES OF UNOFFICERLIKE CONDUCT.
LOS AXGELJiS, Oct. 17.— Los Angeles
won the first game of the series with San
Francisco to-day in a driving finish In the
eighth inning. San Francisco took the
lead at the start and maintained It until
the eighth, \u25a0when Whalen went up In the
air. A single, a three-bagger, an out, a
base on balls and a three-bagger netted
four runs for the redlegs. San Francis
co's errors were all costly. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill, 1. f 3 1 1 0 4 0 C
Re!tz. 2b S 10 0 3 3 0
Householder, c. f 3 1 1 1 0 0 0
Atherton. r. t 4 1113 0 0
Kihm. lb 2 1 0 1 12 0 0
Hall, s. e 3 0 2 0 0 4 1
C. Reilly, Sb 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
McPaitlin, p ... 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 27 5 6 3 »28 14 1
•Krug oct; hit by batted balL
SAX FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. SH. SB. PO. A. B.
Nordyke, c. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Vri'.scra, c 4 0 0 0 8 10
HPc>brand. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Pabst. lb 4 2 10 8 0 0
Krug, 2b 4 1 2 0 J 2 1
fhay. s. s J 1 1 1 0 S 0 :
J. Reilly, 3b 3 0 10 4 8 1:
Whalen. p 3 0 10 0 11
-Totals 32 4 7 1 24 10 3
RC7CS AXD HITS BT DfNTNGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 14 •— 5
Base hits 0 10 10 0 13 •— 6
San Francisco 0 10 0 10 2 0 0—4
B&se hits 0 10 0 114 0 0—7
SUMMARY.
Rune responsible for— McPartlln L Home run
— Krug. Three-base hits — Atherton, House
holder. Two-base hits — Hall. J. Reilly. Sacri
fice hits — Xordyke, Reltz. Householder. Double
playe— Hall to Spies to Reitz; Shay to Krug to
Pabst. Struck out— By McPartlln 3. by Wha
len 2. First base on called balls— Off 'UTialen
3. Left on bases— Los Angeles 5. San Francisco
1. Hit by pitched ball— HemphilL Time of
tame — Two hours and five minutes. Umpire^ —
Levy. . \
Los Angeles Team "Wins.
Runs responsible for— Schmidt 1. McNeeley L
Two-base hits— Courtney. Schmidt. Sacrifice
hits— Dunleavy. Hotter, Stanley, McLaughlin.
First baFe on errors — Oakland 1. First base on
called balls — Oakland 2, Sacramento 3. Left on
bases — Oakland 7, Sacramento 7. Struck cut-
By Schmidt 4. by McXeeley 4. Hit by pitcher-
Hamilton, Eagan. Devereaux. Passed ball —
xianpon. Time of g^rae — 1:45. Umpire — George
Harper. Official scorer— H. S. MeFarlin.
SUMMARY.
Oakland 1000000000 0—1
Base hits 1201010010 0—6
Sacramento 0000100000 1—2
Base iits. 010110 1000 2—6
Totals 33 2 6 1 33 14 1
ECXS AM) HITS BT INXINGS.
Total* 36 1 6 0 32 11 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b S 0 0 0 6 1 0
Sheehan, Sb 6 1 1 ft 2 1 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 5 3 0
Courtney, c. f 3 0 3 0 0 0 0
Hotter, r. f 4 0 0 13 0 0
Davis, lb S 0 1 0 14 0 0
ilcLauFhlin, 1. f S 0 0 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, s. e 8 10 0 0 5 1
HcN'eeley, p 3 0 10 14 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. Sb * 1 0 ' 0 2 2 0
Dunleavy, Sb 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Drennen. c 1 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Eajfan. lb 3 0 0 0 12 0 0
MoEkiman, 1. t S 0 1 0 2 0 0
Babbitt, 8. s 4 0 1 0 S 3 0
H&miltoa. r. f 3 0 2 0 10 0
Hanson, o 4 0 1 0 S 2 1
Schmidt, p 4 0 10 2 4 0
\
George Harper made his first appear
ance In this city as an umpire yesterday
at Recreation "Park. The opposing teams
were Oakland and Sacramento. Two close
decisions which he gave against the
former lost them the game, as Sacramen
to won in the eleventh inning by a score
of 2 to L .
In the first decision he called Babbitt
out in an attempt to steal thiid. The
spectators did not ?ee the man from Oak
land tagged out.
In the .rinth inning Moskiman, the first
man up, lined the ball out to deep right
field for what looked like a three-bagger.
He made second easily and was called
cut for not touching first base. It was
a technical potnl at most, as he did not
cut the bag- and gained nothing by not
touching iu Baobitt struck out and Ham
ilton, a recruit from the amateur ranks,
madj a tase hit, which would have
scored Mofkiman had lie been called safe.
Sacramento scored its first run In the
fifth. Devereaux wag hit by the pitcher,
went to second on a passed ball, reached
third on McNeeley's hit and scored on an
other passed bail. In the ele\"enth Shee
han was safe on first, went to second on
Stanley's sacrifice and to third on Court
ney's hit. HoiTer flew to left field and
Sheehaii scorml on the throw in. The
game was a East one. Each team made
but one error. The score:
One mile, selling— D. O'Keefe's Lode Star,
ch. g., imp. Midlothian-Day Star (Burlin&ame),
won; Roulette Wheel (McNichols). second: Fa
vorlto (See), third. Time, 1:41%. Frank Duffy
and Sea Spray also ran.
Six furlongs, selling— J. L. Rector's Lou
Clieveden, ch. m.. imp. Clleveden-Mlsa Lou
(See), won; W. J. B. (Jones), second; Enjoy
ment (Hobart), third. Time. 1:16%. ZemZem,
El Sobrino and San Augustine also ran.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— D. F. Cox's
Clarando. b. m., Clarendon-Volante (Tullet).
won; Galene (Burlineame), second; Skirmish
(Hobart), third. Time, 1:09. Beaumonde, Bill
Young. Gold Baron and Bill Bohamson also
ran.
2:18'A. 2:16. .2:16U.
- Time, 2:22, 2:22, 2:20.
Free-for-all trot:
S. A. Hooper's Alta Vela, b. s., Elec
tioneer by Piedmont (S. A. Hooper).. Ill
Thomas R (C. F. Bunch) 3 2 2
Dan \V (J. Albertson) 2 3 3
Trottinr. 2:16 class:
C. F. Bunch's Nora McKinney, b. m..
McKinney by Dexter Prince (C. F.
Bunch) 1 11
Ouiboul (I* M. Clark). 2 4 2
Porto Rico (J. Culcello) 8 2 3
Lucy G (J. Albertson) 4 3 i
Clarando broke away from the bunch in
the five and a half furlong dash and land
ed, with (jalene second. Frank. Duffy,
the heavily played favorite in the mile,
was never prominent. Burlingame beat
the gate four lengths with Lode Star and
was never headed. The time was l:41»j.,
fast for a trotting track. Lou Clieveden
cam© in under a wrap with W J B at her
saddle girth in the six furlong sprint.
To-morrow will be Stockton day and all
business houses will close. The finest
card of the meeting will be put on, and
the biggest crowd of the week Is expected."
Summaries: « - '
STOCKTON, Oct. 17.-A redhot favorite
was beaten In the free-for-all trot to T day.
and the talent received a severe jolting.
The wise ones were so anxious to play
Thomas R that they were willing to pay
almost anything to get a ticket. He
brought $10 to $6 for the field before the
horses were called. The books made him
even money and held out Alta Vela, as
he was believed to be a sure thing for the
opening heat. After he had won two
heats Thomas R tickets , were eagerly
sought at $10 to $5 for the field. Alta Vela
won the race after two killing drives with
the favorite. Lucy G fell in the last heat
and threw J. Albertson, who was not in
jured. Nora McKinney had everything
her own way in the 2:16 trot and was
barred in the betting. Ouiboul was made
a favorite and won out.
Eleven Innings Required Be
fore Winning Run Is
Scored.
Olarando, Lode Star and Lou
Clieveden First at the
Wire. •
Defeats Thomas R, Hot
Favorite, at Stockton
Races. •
Gives Two Close Deci
sions Against the
Oaklands.
No. Prize. No. Prise. No. Prize.
318 16 '424 40 593 120
601 IS -643 24 661 IS
735 24 :757 16 .773 24
824 ,16 -867 16 '983 24
1107 24 1270.-. 24 1361 16
1651 . SO 1S78 16 1936 16
1999 24 2002... 40 2023....;... 24
2035 40 2236 8000 2M9 16
2365 16 2415 16 2438 16
2457 80 2521..: 40 2534 40
2540... 40 2547 24 2566 24
2572 16 2728 SO 2972 40
3130........ 16 3221 16 3250 IS
3492 2\ 3331 16 3545 16
3712 40 3779 16 3806 IS
3955 18 4C07 16 4183 16
4399 16 4450 40 4531 16
.4557 16 4762 16,4806 16
5053 24 5C60 40 ' 5136 120
5210 24 5304 80 6497 16
5503 16,5529....:... 400 5657 16
8698 16 6753 24 5»43 16
6005 24 ?6018 24 ;6071 24
6082 24 '6121 16-6289 16
6380 24 J 6382 16 6501 16
6502 40-6537 24.6604 24
6651 24 > 8663 806748 24
6767 16 :68CO 24 6812 16
6381 40 89S2 16 7044 16
7101 24 7140 16 '7242 16
7247........ 24 T292 120 7309 16
7375 16 7425 24 7431 16
7462 16 7521 24 7828 1000
796S 16 8038 24 8041. 16
8133 16 8*04 16 8223 24
8253 16 8S14 24 8471 16
8562 16 83S2 40 8675 40
8682 16 8698 40 8741 16
S856 24 89*9 40 .9033 16
9093 40 9114 16 -9184 24
9270 16 9331........ 16 9466 24
9510 40 9511........ SO 9525 40
9560 80 9650 16 97C3 16
9784........ 16 9889 40 9939 1«
9973 16 9975 .... 80 10062 16
101C0 16 10178 120 10285 80
10309 24 10380 IS 10512 80
10624.:...:.. 40 10943 16 11142 21
11158 16 11242 16 11298 24
11320 16 11331 40U401 16
11493 40 11499 16 11727 24
117J3 16 11790 40 11S44 16
11S82 40 11890 24 12057 80
12109 40 12148 40 12291 16
12330 16 12371 16 12422 40
12425 24 12553 16 12649 .... 16
12676 80 12742 40 12755 16
12823.... -:>•• 16 13125 24 13262 16
13599 24 1S891 16 13711 IB
13727 16 14105 16 14381 24
14492 16 14615 16 14633 40
14727 ;.. 16 14772 16 14860 21
15007:....... 16 15247.? 16 13380 16
15367........ 16 15564 16 15637 80
15725. 16 15S38 24 1S897 80
15985 24 16141 16 16162 40
16213 16 16249 16 16273 80
16343 2116493 16 16906 24
17009 16 17045 16 17230 24
17252. 16 17279 16 17297 16
17309 80 17314 16 17445 16
17672 4017689 16 17734 40
17758 24 17810 1C 18098 16
18194 24 18371 16 18391 40
1S4S1 40 18J33 24 1S539 24
18550 24 18679 120 18757 16
3S791 18 18821 16 19112 24
19156 120 19291 40 19458 24
19493 16 19321 24 19522... 24
19623.: 24 19720 24 19753 49
19787 16 19813 16119841 15
19911./ 16 19334 46120133 16
20229......... 16 20467 16 2*702./. 24
20794 120 20S31 80 21075 16
21100 16131230 ' 16 21236 .\. 16
21329 16121333 16 21358 24
21512 16I21B12 24|21662 24
21S54 24 21884 16122113 40
22167 24|22197 16 22601 40
22602 16122607 16 22652 400
22781........ 24 22SS6 16123034 40
23176 ...• 80 23312 16123343 16
23393 2000 23460 24I234S1 80
2354ft 24 23623 24 23711 16 1
23717 80 23725 24 23793 16
23S75 16 23913 16 23977 24
240S6 40 24121 24 24177 24
24297 40 24317 16I2H12 '... 40 i
24423 16 24463.. 16J24731 80
24754 16124845 16124946 IS
2G026 24123292 24 25322 24 I
23362 16125496 120|2;311 16
23390 .. 16 25600 40125829 24
25844 16I25335. ....... 40|23S93 16
25914........ ,24 25941........ 16126068 16
26125 24 26130.' 24126176 40
26245 ;... 15 26249........ S0I26303 24
26417 24 25501 2»!2G620 16*
2«719 120 26775 16127123 40
27146 24127207 40127410 24
27530 16127583... 40127642 24
27817 4027923 SO|27935 16
28113 24I2SI28 40 2S133 120
2S171 24I2S183 24 282S4.. 1(5
28293 16128338 24 28363 120
28429 24 23517 24 28393 24
28613 24 28S30 16 28847 18
28890 40 29081 40 29182 IS
29289 16 29304 40 29433 16
29566 24 29610 24 29734 16
29776 40 29870 40 29SS1 2»
29986 24 30021 12O!3OO31 24
30079 40 30257 16130397 24
30488 16130594 16130781 16
30&63 40130987 1613100S 40
31010 24131041 80131265 16
31407 40131597 40 31611 1$
31737 2431790 So|31S24 J20
31S62 24i32205 24132371 40
32620 16132635 16132763 24
32S48 80132873.. 40132903........ 40
32923 80132986 40133C26 40
33311 24133344 16 33418 21
33588 4033592 24(33617 16
33619 16133632 24133744 16
33748 16 33845 16133878 120
33344 24 34036 16U4085 24
34167 16 34552 16134382 24
34956 16134964 40134972 40
35093 24133096 401353.^6 24
35418 24135433 16I3343S *... 16
85500 40133614 16135702 IP
35S54 24 36036 16136039 24
36042 S0 3611S 80136251 16
36407 40 36361 400136707 80
36916 24137431 24137514 24
37651 24137684 24I376S3 16
37729........ 16137750 40137759 16
377S2 40137841 24|37855 16
37S74 40137932 24137971 16
37979 4088122 24|3S140 24
38142 16138203 16I3S336 24
38440........ 40138439 40138507 24
38938 24 38953....:... 24139049 24
39201 40 39392 16139630 80
39798 I 40 39816 120139970 80
4C057 24 40206 16140213 16
40222 16 402S9 24140324 ' 24
40401 40 4C528 16140661 24
40701 80 40729..: 16 40765 16
40S43 16 4104.1 24 41331.. 24
41535 16 41645 40 4169S 16
41765 80 41781 16 4184S 24
41917 16 419S6 16 42087 18
42231 16 42285 16 42343 24
42373 40 42580 16 4MI9 16
42654 40 42S33 16 43113 16
43160 16 43208 80 43247 40
43456 16 43543 16143861 40
43879 80 43935 24144061 24
44595 .\ 24 44630 40 44799 IS
44S86........ 16 44904........ 16 44935 18
45106 16 45117 16 45183 40
46469 40 43489 40 45326 18
45738 16 45850 .'. 40 45987 16
46127 24 46269 24146271 18
46317 24 46392 16146489 M
46662 40146827 40147003 10
47178 1847288 80I473C3 24
47554 24147360 24147843 24
479S3 24 47S56 40I4796S J4
48118 16 4R219 16148221 80
48441 16 48341 24148553 ]6
4S353 16 48715 16 48744 49
48997 16 49047 16 49097.". 40
'49319 80149358 24 49435 40
494SO 16149490 16I4MS8 1«
49628... 2449663 24149340 18
49862.. 24J49921 16150208 U
5C235 :.. 16150351 16150355 41)
60369 80150425 16150443 18
50476 16130509 24150726 1(1
50737 24150821 .24150884 24
61019 24151185.. 16151405 ; go
51416 16I514S2 24151480 »4
51581..."!.... 40161659 24151716 ig
51823 16151834 I6I0I88O..: 24
51926 80151934 40I5205S ?I
B2157 80152235 24I5J139 In
52243 S0152320 16132338 40
52359 16152374 120'5242fi sn
52517 24152540 16152642 w
62831 80I53C36 16IS316O i«
63292. j 40153431. 18153543.. ir
E3603 16153626 1P153920 -iJn
53985 16154053... 16134103 '." 24
54179 16154254 24154291 ie
54308 24154472 16154543 94
K4637 16154701. „ 16154838 ig
5490fi.... 80154964 40135003.. ' ?«
551S5 Ifil5iil64 16I552S4... v " ir
R34C7 16155419 21155422. "* ia
R5425... 24135451 24133632.. "'*"" ir
53717... 4013572S 24153837.. """ ir
55903 24I560U 16156061... "*" !«
5«M0. 1SI5SM3 80156414 . „
56616 24136632 24'5663o'.". «
E6S32 40156878 16156319 '"'" \l
56SS4 16157116 40137226 91
57532 16157362 16I57SCS ""** 4I
57705 16I57S30.. ...... 1SI37S32..'. Vi
58004./ 16158206 1RI5S41* \\
58498 40IS8601 80l5S6Ss'.'. \%
58751. 40I587S6 16158924.. in
R8967 16153045 40139078 in
59150 120i59174 . 4OI3Q2S3 «
59320 24I59459 16I59468!!' «
59474 16153476 80I534S3 1%
59638 24159696 16139784: Jo
59786 16159969 16160028 i2
.60083 40 601R6 24160184 ]r
6C223 4060334 24160428 «
60710 2460878 1S!6135« \l
61620 24161702 16161764 ,r
61848 1BI61O0S./ 1661944 «
61949 80IB1964 40162C11 \n
62013 40162107 4000162172 ?r
62213 16162334 • 16162336 Jl
S::::::: »:::::::: SSfcEi
62*56 24163000 ;. ' 24163147 \\
63W8 16163227.. 40163363::::::;: y
tPATENT APPLIED FOR.] s
Single Number, Class "K,^ Drown at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A., Sat
urday,; October 12, 1901.
NUMBERS
-OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
HARPER FAVORS
SACRAMENTANS
ALTA VELA WINS
FREE-FOR-ALL
APPROXIMATION PHIZES.
ICO numbers from 99,724 to 99,824, inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of number draw
ing the capital prize of ?30,OCO— 840.
1C0 numbers from 21S6 to 22S6. Inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number draw
ins the capital prize of $8000— $24.
100 numbers from 62,057 to 62,157, inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num
ber drawing the capital prize of $4000— $18.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 74. beins the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of SC0.O0O-J8.
999 numbers ending with 38, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $31,00— J3.
The subscriber having supervised the num
ber drawing, class "K." Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that th»
above are the numbers which were this day
, drawn from the 100.000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
"Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hon
duras, this Saturday, October 12, 1901.
(Signed) W. S. CABEL.L, Commissioner.
513, CCO FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI
TAL PRIZE.
State of Indiana, County of Marion— as.
Before me, John S. Tarklngton. a Notary
in said county, personally came "William H.
Davie and Henry H. Davie, who being by
me first duly sworn on their oaths, severally
gay that they reside in the town of Southport.
Bald county, and are the holders and owners
of one-half ticket number eighty-four thousand
six hundred and forty-two (S4.642) of the Hon
duras National Lottery Company (Louisiana
State Lottery Company), drawing of Saturday,
September 14. 1901. class "I," which number
drew the first capital prize of $30,000, and said
ticket wae paid on presentation.
(Signed) "WILLIAM H. DAVIE.
HENRY H. DAVIK.
Sworn to before me this 23d day of Septem
ber. A. D. 1901.
JOHN S. TARKINOTON. Notary Public
$7500 FOR BO CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OT.
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans— as.
Before me, the undersigned authority, per
sonally appeared Braulio Gonzalea of Monterey
Ilex., who, being duly sworn, deposes and says
that he Is the owner of one-quarter ticket
No. 84,612 of the Honduras National Lottery
Company (Louisiana State Lottery Company),
which said ticket drew the first capital priM
of $30,000 in the drawing at Puerto Cortez.
Honduras. C. A., Saturday, September 14 laoi.
That he has received the total amount of the
said ticket and that the said amount of $7500
was paid in full in United States currency on,
presentation of the ticket.
(Signed) BRAULIO GONZALES.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this day.
September 19. 1901.
GENERES DUFOUR, Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OB*
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
United States of America, State of Louisiana.
Parish of Orleans, city of New Orleans— ss
Personally before me Edward Rlghtor. a
Notary Public in the Parish of Orleans and
State of. Louisiana. FTanlc Lee. who. being fiuiy
sworn, deposes and says that he lives at 321
Oalvez street, in the city of New Orleans, and
that he Is the holder and owner of one-eighth
ticket No. 81.642 of the Honduras Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana . State Lottery Company),
which number drew the capital prize of $30,000
at the drawing of September 14. at Puerto
Cortez. Honduras, and that one-eighth of same
thirty-seven hundred and fifty dollars ($375o)j
was paid to him on presentation of said ticket.
(Signed) FRANK LEK.
Sworn to and subscribed before- me this Sep
tember 19. 1901.
EDWARD RIGHTOR, Notary Public.
\u26664000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. "Sept. 23. 1301.
I am the bona fide owner of one-half ticket
No. 8L2S5 of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, drawing held September 14, 1001, tt
Puerto Cortez. Honduras; C. A. Said ticket
drew second capital prize of $SCOO, and I re
ceived the money in full.
(Signed) PASCJUALE GIRALAMO,
361 West Twenty-fourth street.
Sworn to before me this 25th day of Septem
ber, 1901. HULBERT PECK
Notary Public. New York County.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by presl
rt^nt Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
No. Prise. INo. "Prize. No. Plil ?R
«3G8 24 63463 16 83513 16
6O36 ... 24 63572 24*3585 j«
63626 16 63707 40 guj «
63S65 12S639C2 ltf '5£i? 16
64«5 16 <M498 24i64o51 »
64561 ."II I 21 64804 40J64S31 "
Up SSB::::-- 4l ::::::::
65556 16 65788 I*|659a9 Z*
66094 16 66160 16 |«f?|S 21
66356 40 66379 . 16 66482 21
66547 16GP672 16j66S06 "
66832 WM971 Mi 67072 ;*
«7217 16167224 1« 67259 2*
r?443 16 6746S 40 67533 «
67376 16,67643 16 67673 *>
«7775 120 67339 16 6794a J»
67J62 24 6S037 40 88413 24
68512 M6S515 24 8S547 "
69261 80 63383 16 69417 »»
69425 16 69554 4O !S2£* *«
69647 16 3*742 18| ™i? ?«
70141 16 70200 16 702S7 J?
7M8O 80 70422 40 70438 M
70473 24 70601 16 70613 24,
70615 24 70613 40 70637 M
70646 80 70721 40 70837 •*
70S67 16 70040 40 71012 «
71045 16 710S3....'.'... 24,1117 *>
71541 16 71583 l\™£ «
71757 24 71354 24 72004 IS
72o£:::i:ii: io?S«: »7mm «>
7J709 24 72778 80 72781 »>
72808 24 73023 24 I3C36 «
73156 16 73430 24 78474 1«
73593 16 73608 4 2|Z3S: 11
73632 24 73649 80|?3774.. ...... 2*
73847 40 7SS61 "j^ffS IS
74042 40 74221 18 74362 49
74404 40 74415 80 74423 80
74429 16 74430 40 74o07 J«
74578 40 74602 40 74658 18
74778.. 80 74786 24 7486o 8»
74939 40 74047 40 749o7 J«
74992 16 7S2S4 16 7o515 80
75590 16 75594 16 756S2 8<>
76003 16 76070 40 76129 24
76238 16 762S9 16 76391 80
76484 16 76504 120 76332 40
76555 40 76686 40 76805 2*
76903 24 77060 24 77001 80
77168 120 77252 40 77346 24
77589 2177917 16 77923 24
77970 16 78010 16 7S096 43
78171 .40 78199. 80 78222 !•
7S367 16 7S567 40 78810 24
78844 16 78955 16 79041 40
79079 80 79086 24 79252 16
79341 16 79401. 40 794S2 16
79723 16 79781 16 79972 21
80125 :. 24 802S7 40 80310 40
80463 24 80532 16 8C544 IS
80803 24 80830 16 80852 80
81020 24 81113 24 81212 24
81333 16 81419 24 81424 40
81483 16S1503 16 Sloll 80
81663 2481734 40 81785 16
81924 16182017 16182023 18
82072 1000S2087 . 24 82091 16
82246 80 82311 16 82442 1«
8*505 ....I 2482644 24182774 16
82S21 .... 16 82897 80182933 80
83195 ........ 16S322S 16 83279 13
83405 .1 16 83432 16 83438 18
83444 16 83453 SO S3539 18
83549 24 83582 16 83395 W
8S675 40S36S2 4OS3696 400
83918 16S3931 a S 112« «
84008 24 84141 80 84285 18
84416 40S4488.W 400 84318 16
84348 16 84629 24 84655 18
84S69 2V84S73 24 8o085 18
85066 16 83176 16 85211 40
83238 I 40 83233 40 85293 16
85473 16 85603 40 8S683 80
85880........ 24 85914 16 86099 24
86213 40 86358 16 8636S 18
86408 16 86491 40 86543 4»
86567 '24 86738 24 86798 24
87042 24 87146 16 87338 18
87405 1687501 16187770 40
87806 16(87843 16 87977 18
88144 16S8255 80 88258........ 24
?S291 16 88298 40 88303 40
88328 40 8S594 16 8S660 16
S8S94 . 18 8S935 " 24 88997..: 16
S9029 16 89249 24 S9263 24
89393 40 8945S 16183525 18
89334 16S9621 24J89S53 16
90172... 18 90193 16 90372 21,
90381 120190538 80 90626 16
90641 24 90697 SO 91143 40
91259 16 912*5 24191501 40
91629 16 91664 40J91S87 24
92216 40 92294 40 92299 40
92329 80 92368 24:92300 18
92531 80 92613 16192690 24
92770 120 32773 24|92781 16
S2917. ...:... 24 93005 16|93C60 18
9307S 40193109 2103123 K
93143 40193203 24 93231 24
93243 16|93249 80 93305 16
9*406 120 93145 24 93360. 80
93833 40'93343 40 94060 24
94215 24|24292 24194397 4«
94589 40194617 24)94648 18
94669 24 94753 24134706 15
| 94836 80 94944 16I9G024 SO
95036...*..... • 80 95137 16|95243 ie
9o n 88 '.. 24 95324 80I354S9 89
95655 24 9J690 24;9573S 18
960-10 40 96121 16!36217 16
96409 -80 98437 16I9R597 4ft
196632 24 96711 24196732 16
! 9CS55 16|96S92 40|37408 16
197657 24197637 40 97390 40
98110 80 93207 40 98637 24
9S662 13 98734 18 &SS37 SO
9SS42 16I9832S 18I9S950 24
9S9C2 16 98376 24|99037 16
99068 ,'24 99069 80,90101 16
99156 4099169 16199260 2»
99379 24 9*413. + 16)99413 40
99431 24 39603.^ 40iU37i: 16
99774 30000 99775 80199313 24
99841 16 99851 8CI99SS4 24
99966 16 99982 40[
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18; 1901.
As Governor of Tutuila He Is Accused of Many Offenses
by London flissionary Society.
NAVAL COURT TO TRY CAPTAIN
TILLBY WILL SAIL ON SOLACE
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr La Bre
tagne, for Havre; stmr Barbarossa, for
Bremen.
MURORAN- Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Adato., for
Portland, Or.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Bendorah. for
San Francisco: stmr Manitou. for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Oct 17— Stmr Germanic,
New York; «?tmr Noordland, Antwerp. . /
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Potsdam,
for New York.
MOJI— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Langbank, for As
toria, Or.
16 — Stmr Hawaiian, from New Tork. for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FRASER RIVER— In port loading Oct 17— Br
ship Combermere. for Liverpool; Br ship Red
Rock, for Liverpool; Br ship Chas Cotesworth,
for Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Oct 17— Br ship
Drummuir, from Port Pirle.
LIMERICK— Arrived Oct 16— Fr bark Du
pleix, hence May 1.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 17— Ger stmr Dender&h,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 1C— Ger stmr Ammon, hence
July 10.
COLON— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr AUlanca, from
New Tork.
Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Finance, for New York.
CAPE TOWN-Sailed Oct 13-Br ship Glen
elvan, for Tacoma.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 14— Ger stmr Monte
video, from Hamburj.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oot 14^-Br stmr Adato.
for Oregon.
GTJAYMAS— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Lottie Ben
nett, from Grays Harbor.
CHEMAINUS— In port loading Oct 17— Ship
St David, for Australia: ship Hawaiian Isles,
for Port Pirie. \u25a0 / - ;
VANCOUVER— In port loading Oct 17— Ship
Benjamin Sewall. for Australia; schr Kallua,
for Melbourne; Br bark Battle Abbey, for Mel
bourne.
TO ARRIVE.
' Steamer. Prom. | Du>.
Bmpire Coos Bay Oct. 18
Australia Tahiti Oct. 18
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. 18
Noyo.. Hueneme Oct. IS
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 18
J. S. Kimball.. Nome via Seattle Oct. 18
"Wellington Comox Oct. 19
Umatllla Pugef Sound Ports Oct. 19
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 19
St. Paul Nome & St Michael... Oct. 20
1-eela.naw New. York via Panama Oct. 20
Santa Ana Seattle Oct. 20
Mandalay Coqullle River Oct. 21
Loa Valparaiso & "Way Pts Oct. 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct 23
Homer Humboldt Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 22
Alliance .-. Portland & Coofl Bay.. Oct. 23
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia , Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 22
Thyra Portland Oct. 22
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
Mackinaw Tacoma ...........'. Oct. £3
Kanta Rosa San Diego & "Way Pts. Oct. 24
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 24
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. «24
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma ....Oct. 24
San Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 26
Rameses Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 28
Rival "Willapa Harbor,. Oct. 26
O. W. Elder.. t Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
TO SAIL. ,
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
October 18.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco..... Panama & "Way.. 12 m PMSS
October 11*.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier IS
Rainier Seattle & N. What 6 pm Pier %
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Point Arena. Point Arena :. 2 pm Pier 2
October SO.
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Roea.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 21.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m] Pier 13
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm'Pier 2
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm|Pier 10
North Fork.. Humboldt .. 9 am Pier 2
October J2X
Arcata C. Bay & Pt, Orford 10 am Pier U
Mandalay.... Coquilla River 5 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 24.
Corona Redondo & Way.. U am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
October 25.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance...... Portland & C Bay Pier 3
* PROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. . | Tram.
Farallon. .'...V. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. • 20
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct 22
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Oct. 23
Humboldt Skag-uay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 25
Cottage City,., I Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct 17
8
EXCLUSIVELY IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL
Look out for the confession
of Mrs. Piper— the most start-
ling denouement in modern
spiritualism. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MELROSE COURSIKG~PARK
DRAW.
Open Stake— 48 Dogs— Sunday,
October SO.
• Ton Eurllck vs. "Wapsee: Prompto vs. Mrs.
Flske; Onward vs. Busty H; Veto vs. Lady Ne-
wark; T. Q. vb. My Bonnie King; Commander '
vb. Little Fullerton; Lassie Frantz vs. Chal-
lenger; Black Friar vs. St. Michael; Prairie
Princess vs. Al a Rue; Prairie Maid vs. Our I
Climate; Motor vs. King's Borderer; Robin '
Hood vs. Flying Belle; Daylight vs. * Little
Lucy; Precita Maid vs. Vagrant; Becky Sharp
vs. \u25a0Welcome: Tar o' the Hill vs. Kitty V;
Mellow vs. Hawker; Sofala. vs. Sweet Favor-
dale; The Fenian vs. Cash; Rosewood vs. Lone
Mountain; Courage vs. Toronto; Dorothy M vs.
Silent Treasure; Nora Lawrence vs. Querita
Vincent; Martha Washington vs. Sprite.
§YIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Xiffht Losses. Insom-
nia, Fains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mm, Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *5 WE vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Ejects are p?Z-£=L immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *~*z™ * to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
tt 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
monry refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP RHMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.,
S«n Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
{ESQSEOBi OF ANATOHYc
A C% ion y ami st. bet, earn, s.r.Cjj.i
\ Tfg The Largest Anatomical Museuqi in the
£i mk .iH— 1 " World. Weaknesses or Any contracted i
7 <fcg j*5j «s.r? v; p«*i t <% «-l y nroil by the oldest '
/ £5&1[& 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ fwS^B Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
S f, jA4* H Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ 8 W St H Po * itivt <*»\u25a0« "» erery case undertaken. \
Q P (I 10 w ri" <°r Book. PMI I.OS OPn V of A
* II 11 >»*RRIAGK. MAILED FREE. Uf
X (\ jj. valuable book for mrn) . \
V Da. JKIRDAS A CO.. 1051 Xarfcpt St.. 8. V. f
Oirr nni/AI Corner Fourth and
CAFE HOyiLss^'as
win i» jaw . 1 1 u 5c Overcoats and
valises checked free.Wholesale Druggists Elect Officers.
OLD POINT COMFORT, Va.. Octl 17.—
The National "Wholesale Druggists', As
sociation elected the following officers to
day and adjourned to meet next year at
Monterey, Cal.: President. William J.
\Valding-, Toledo; first vice president,
Thomas F. Meyers, St. Loufa; second vice
president, W. O. Blanding, Providence, R.
I.; third vice president, W. P. Redington,
San Francisco; fourth vice president, W.
A. Nelden, Salt Lake.
serve the purpose intended by Congress, to give
relief to the honest, oppressed debtor, and
Whereas, Its further operation will entail
loss upon both the creditor and debtor class and
the general public by reducing lines of credit,
restricting business, thereby checking the won
derful development' of the country promised
through right conditions; therefore, be It
Resolved, That this convention through the
executive council • of the American Bankers'
Association memorialize Congress to repeal the
bankruptcy law.
John O. Kasson of Iowa, \u25a0who practical
ly had charge of the negotiations of these
treaties, had a conference with the Presi
dent to-day upon the subject. He says
that all the treaties have been renewed
except that with Trinidad,. which that isl
and declined to renew upon the advice of
Great Britain. The failure to renew this
treaty 4s regarded by Kasson as unfortu
nate because of its bearing upon South
American trade. • . • .
"WASHINGTON, Oct. -17.— It Is under
stood that President Roosevelt, following
out the policy of the late President Mc-
Kinley, will urge the ratification of the
reciprocity treaties with France and the
West Indian and South American coun
tries, which failed of ratification in the
Senate last y«ar.
PRESIDENT FAVORS
RECJIPROCITY TREATIES
The question of who shall receive and
attend to applications of ministerial re
lief was settled by creating a special com
mittee for that duty. \u25a0 The afternoon ses
sion was devoted chiefly to papers.
The question of whether a minister
should refuse to' officiate at the marriage
of a person who has . been divorced was
brought up and briefly discussed and de
spite an attempt to indefinitely table it, it
was referred to a special committee with
instructions to report before the adjourn
ment of the council.
. A resolution favoring; the appointment
of a committee of seven to consider the
plan of publishing a systematic and grad
ed work for Sunday schools was adopted.
PORTLAND , Me. , <\ Oct. 17.— The fact
that 200 authorized delegates to the Na
tional Council of \u25a0 , Congregationalists
failed to present their credentials prompt
eki th"e) ; business committee toMntroduce a
resolution at to-day's session of the coun
cil providing for a; cfcmmittee to corre
spond with the conferences of the various
States to devise a plan . whereby a part
or the whole of the expenses of delegates
jnay be met .byrthe conference. The reso
lution was adopted. . .
- MII/WATJKEE, WIs., Oct. 17.— The clos
ing: day's session of the American Bank
ers' Association Convention was devoted
to a, continuation of the discussion on
practical banking questions. P. C. Kauff
man of Tacoma, Wash., spoke on. "The
Financial and Commercial Future of the
Pacific Coast." He said: *
It is- admitted by all who give the subject the
slightest- investigation that In the struggle for
commercial supremacy the 'United States, by
reason of her great resources the fertility. of
her* soil' arid' the" vast, extent of her territory, is
destined to take a pre-eminent place.
The twentieth century opens for the, Unite<}
States with its industrial machinery adjusted
to the production of wealth on a scale of un
precedented magnitude. The nations of Europe
and the world at large are constantly becoming
more and more depenedent upon us, not only
for raw material but. also for manufactured
products, and it may be confidently asserted
that because of our central position between
the Atlantic and Pacific seaboards, because of
our excellent transportation facilities, our va
ried and inexhaustible resources and the stead
ily increasing dependence of the world upon us
for the necessities and even many of the lux
uries of life,' the United States Is destined to be
the greatest commmercial power of the com
mercial age, the twentieth century. Our great
transcontinental railroads are fully awake to
the situation and are enlarging their facilities
to handle 'the great commerce of the future in
the construction of Immense \u25a0warehouses and
docks and the establishment of great steamship
lines, operated in close connection and under
their direct supervision.
To obtain this pre-eminence the United States
must enter this field of commercial activity
through her Pacific coast. With Hawaii the
key "to the commerce of the Pacific and the
Philippines the gateway to the Orient, both
in our hands, fate or a kind providence has
given us two most important y and valuable
aids for the attainment of this 'glorious goal.
The question of the wisdom of the policy
of expansion has been settled forever. -It is
no longer even a debatable one. Our flag has
been raised in the Philippines and, thank God,
It Is there to stay. It takes' no prophet to
state that if the people of the United States
will but awaken to a full realization of the
grandeur of their destiny and the greatness of
their opportunities they will' settle down to a
development of the commerce of the Orient
that will ere many years re-establish our mer
chant marine, cover the PacIBe with our white
winged birds of commerce, establish on the
Pacific Coast commercial emporiums that will
rival any in the world, and pour into our
treasuries the riches of Golconda.
The list of officers as reported by the
nominations committee was elected as fol
lows: .
President, \u25a0 Myron T. Herrick, Cleveland,
Ohio; vice president. Caldwell Hardy. Norfolk
Va. ; chairman of executive council. Frank G.
Blgelow, Milwaukee; treasurer, George M.
Reynolds. Chicago; new members executive
council— Ralph Van Vechten, Iowa; J. J. Sulli
van. Ohio: John L,. Hamilton, Illinois: James
B. McCallister, Pennsylvania: Frank G. Bige
low, Wisconsin; E. F. Sweeney, Missouri; F.
H. Fries, North Carolina; J. M. Donald. New
York; P. C- Kauffman, Washington; W. G.
Mather. Cleveland, Ohio.
The new executive council •will elect the
secretary, probably James R. Branch.
President Trowbridge, on retiring, was
presented with a beautiful silver punch
bowl by the members of the association.
J. S. Davis of Georgia introduced the
following resolution,- which was referred
to the executive council:
Whereas, ' The bankrupt act has had time to
Bankers Hear Warm
Praises of the Pacific
Coast. V
Congregational Council
Takes Measures on
Expenses.
RICH DESTINY
FOR THE WEST
NEED MONEY
FOR DELEGATES
The homes of Scollard and Van "Wye ad
join and they have always apparently
been on the most friendly terms. So
friendly have the men been that Scollard
frequently took Van Wye's wife out for
a drive. Van Wye never made any ob
jections to his spouse taking these out
ings, so Scollard claims. He also says
they were taken with the husband's con
sent.
Scollard, according to his story, went
over to c Van Wye's house last night for
the purpose of making friendly call. He
fays Van Wye was m a quarrelsome
mood and made some remarks that he
taw fit to resent. As the quarrel grew
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Thomas Scollard, a prominent teamster
of this city, was shot In the jaw last
night about 10 o'clock by Scott Van Wye,
a carpenter. The shooting grew cut of: a
quarrel between the two men originating
from the fact that Scollard had been pay-
Ing attentions to Van Wye's wife. It oc
curred at Van Wye's house, near the cor
ner of Fifth-fifth and Grove streets, In
that portion of the city known as the an
nex district.
On Sunday, October 20th, this road will
run an excursion to Ukiah through that
most picturesque section of California —
Marln, Santa Rosa and Russian River
Valleys — charging only $2 for the round
trip. Each ticket sold insures a seat, for
the company will not sell a single ticket
above the number of seats provided. They
are now on Bale at ticket office. No.' 650
Market street (Chronicle building), and
at Tiburon Ferry. Time of departure
from Tiburon Ferry will be 8:30 a. m.
From Ukiah on the return, 5 p. m.
The early rafns have laid the dust; the
heat of the summer months is no longer
with us; the atmosphere is fresh and In
vigorating, so that there is no more de
lightful time of the year to visit the
country. The varied colors that nature
puts on at this time give an added charm
and the opportunity for a most delight
ful trip Is offered by the California North
western Railway.
All That Is Left Behind You When
You Board the TTkiah Excur
sion Train.
NO DISAGREEABLE WEATHER.
NO FOG.
Teamster Takes Woman
Driving and Is Fired
Upon.
Intends to Make Many
i Improvements in the
University.
After almost aTyear's absence in foreign
lands Mrs. Jane L. Stanford has returned
greatly improved in health and filled
with ideas for the expansion and
upbuilding of the Stanford Univer
sity. It was Mrs. Stanford's desire
to fulfill the intention of the late Senator
Stanford to make the great educational
institution complete in every detail that
caused her to return at this time.
Mrs. Stanford on her arrival at Palo
Alto will -make an inspection of - the
buildings which ' have been in course of
construction during her absence. It is
her ardent desire to have the university
so thorough in all its equipments that a
student wishing to become a doctor, law
yer or professor may complete his educa
tion at Stanford. To effect this end the
construction of necessary buildings will
be commenced as expeditiously as the
contracts can be let. In her aim to
broaden the scope of the university Mrs.
Stanford will have the advice of Dr. Jor
dan. , •\u25a0:, »
During her travels Mrs. Stanford se
cured a large collection of curios which
she., intends to place in the museum at the
university. In the collection is a splen
did, representation of the antiquities of
Egypt, Switzerland, Italy and the Holy
Land. The specimens obtained in . Egypt
are especially precious -and will greatly
enhance the interest of the university
museum. It will be a number of weeks
before they will arrive from* Cairo.
GREET MRS. STANTORIX
Hearty Welcome Is Given to the Uni
versity's Benefactress.
.STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, Oct. 17.—
More than 600 wildly enthusiastic students
gathered in. Encina Hair to-night for the
freshman football rally. • After a half
hour spent in the, big clubroom in prac
.tlclng the new songs and yells the col
legians filed out and marched four abreast
to ~M.ru. Leland Stanford's residence to
extend to their benefactress - a welcome
home. Mrs. Stanford, although fatigued
from her journey across the continent,
appeared on the front veranda and greet
ed ."her boys," as she delights 'in calling
them, in a truly appreciative manner.'' She
said in part: , .
. '-'I am exceedingly glad to S be home
again, glad- to see the progress in the
work on the new buildings, but, more than
all else, glad to receive this welcome from'
the young men of the university.". ;
Continuing, Mrs. Stanford, spoke feel
ingly of her Interest In the memorial
warmer Van Wye drew his gun and fired,
striking Scollard in the jaw. Scollard was
trken immediately to the hospital, wher^
an examination of the wound showed that
it was not very serious. Van Wye was
placed under arrest.
Scollard admitted having frequently
taken Mrs. Van 'Wye for a drive, but'per
sists in the claim that it was always with
the husband's consent and knowledge.
He also claims that nothing improper ever
occurred between himself and Van "Wye's
wife, but that he merely filled the office
of a friend by showing a kindness to that
friend's wife.
MAEEIAGE CEREMONY
PERFORMED IJT PRISON
John C. Peterson, a waiter, and Annie
Fredetickson, a domestic, were married
in the City Prison yesterday by Justice
of the Peace Long, i Peterson, who lives
in Monterey, had been arrested on com
plaint of the woman, who said he had de
ceived her under promise of marriage.
After being locked up for a short* time
Peterson agreed to marry Miss Freder
ickson, and Justice Long was at once
summoned. The bride had provided her
self with a marriage ring; and when the
words making them man and wifn were
pronounced she slipped it on her finger.
When Judge Cabaniss was informed
that the marriage ceremony was per
formed he ordered Peterson's release. To
day the charge' against • him will be for
mally dismissed.
Suffragists Will Meet.
The California "Woman Suffrage -Asso
ciation will commence its annual session
to-day in Yosemite - Hall, Native ., Sons'
building. The following is the programme
of the initial day; Morning session—Re
ports of officers, committees- and county
societies and auxiliary clubs. Afternoon
session— Five-minute talks on practical
work for clubs by Dr. Alida C. Avery,
Mrs. A. L. Corbert and Mrs. Judge Camp
bell of San Francisco; a fifteen-minute ad
dress on '-'Suffrage as a Constitutional
Right," by Mrs. Williamson, president of
the Alameda . County Political ' Equality
Society, and an address on "The New
"Woman" by Mrs. B. • Fay Mills of Oak
land. . ••\u25a0\u25a0
G/oldstone Is Acquitted.
--The case of Abe Goldstone,' barber, 105
Fourth street, charged with assault to
murder, was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday. On the night of August 3 a
crowd gathered - in ,front of Goldstone's
shop and began to throw rocks, yelling,
"Down with the Jews!" Goldstone fired
into the crowd and a bullet struck Emll
Beringer, who was passing, on the arm.
The Judge In dismissing . the case said
that 'Beringer was simply, a passerby and
there could have been, no intention to in
jure him, besides he considered that Gold
stone was . justified in firing into the
crowd. , :
church and her intention of : having it
fitted up as nearly perfect as possible.
She showed. clearly her great affection for
trie students; several times she .was com
pelled to quit ; speaking while her emo
tions held control over her. \u25a0 \u25a0* \u25a0
The college men cheered Mrs. Stanford
to the echo and joined repeatedly in the
varsity yell given with all the strength
of six hundred voices. The Glee and Man
dolin clubs and the band supplied music.'
One noticeable feature of the march to
Mrs. Stanford's residence was the, show
of reverence to the memory of the foun
der of the university, every man silently
baring his head as he passed the Stanford
tomb. From Mrs. Stanford's home the
students marched ; to j the baseball dia
mond and passed the .remainder of the
evening, in circling a monster bonfire with
the serpentine dance, giving the college
yells and hauling the freshmen football
players around in the old cart so often
used for that surooso.
MRS. STANFORD
RETURNS HOME
assisted by the six young men who sing
in the sextet.
While the whole programme was above
the average, the sensation of the bill was
Signor Giuseppi Creatore and the Royal
Italian Band. The overture to "Tannhau
ser" was enthusiastically received, but
when in a medley of patriotic airs the lit
tle Latin Sousa made the great American
eagle scream the house was on its feet
and every pair of lungs in th*e theater
pumped themselves empty supplying wind
to the cyclonic chorus of bravos.
All the theaters in town contributed of
the best on their bills. The Musicians"
Union supplied . the music free of charge
and the volunteer services of an able
army of stage mechanics did much to
make the benefit a success in keeping
with that of its predecessors.
The banquet hail was crowded and it
was a late hour before the guests dis
persed. (
The third annual banquet of the Young
Men's Christian Association board of man
agement of San Francisco and Oakland
and the California State committee was
held last evening in the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel. General O. O. Howard
and Colonel Rawles, icommandant of the
Presidio, were the guests of honor.
After dinner a number of speeches were
made, in which the work of the associa
tion was reviewed and plans for .future
development discussed. Irving M. Scott,
who has always taken a great interest in
the work of the association, spoke at con
siderable length and was listened to with
Interest.
BOARD OP MANAGEMENT.
HOLDS ANNUAL BANQUET
SOME OF THE CONTRIBUTORS TO THE SUCCESS OF THE THEATRI
CAL. MANAGERS' ASSOCIATION'S BIG BENEFIT AS THEY AP
PEARED TO AN ARTIST OF THE CALL STAFF.
HUSBAND SHOOTS
WIFE'S ADMIRER
The Florodora. girls made a hit both on
the stage and in the aisles and entrances
end the double sextet was one of the hits
of the bill. The twelve Florodora pro
gixmine sellers realized $206. They were
• •:\u25a0•:: : i : i : i : : : i-k-h-i-h i-h-h
The Hon. Julius Kahn delivered an ad
dress of welcome on behalf of the theatri
cal managers. He told of the charitable,
work done by the association and spoke
of the excellence of the programme
"The theatrical managers," said he
are always ready to help any worthv
chanty and are always to the front, free'
ly and liberally. Some of the work the
managers propose to do on the occasion
of this benefit is to devote half the r<P
ceipts to a most laudable purpose I do
not Propose at this time to reopen the
™"V d T s ."-^ctedwhen we lost the lament!
c-d McKinley. He has passed awav Th*
present generation requires no monument
to remind them of what he was. He lives
enthroned in the hearts of his country
men. But in time we, too, mu«t Da<*s
away, and it will be good for future gene
rations to have ' something here in San
Francisco to remind them of the life and
character of our lamented President To
the furtherance of this purpose part of
the proceeds of this benefit *vill be de
voted.
The opera-house was comfortably filled
with a smartly dressed audience and .he
performance.* in keeping with the. tra
ditions of San Francisco theatrical bene
fits, was worth several times the amount
asked for the best seats. The programme
although lengthy went through almost ac
cording to schedule and without a hitch.
The Australian Juvenile Opera Company
iiad volunteered the last act of "The Belle
of New York," but an epidemic of colds
has consigned the whole company to pri
vate life for at least a week. Camille
a Arvllle was also the victim of indispo
sition. Her place on the programme, how
ever, was filled by Miss Jessie Davenport,
from the Orpheum, an ingenuous young
lady will a sweet voice.
McKinley memorial fund about
{1300. An equal amount will go into the
charity fund of the local amusement or
ganization.
THE third annual benefi£ of the
Theatrical Managers' Association
held yesterday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house netted for the
The Merchants'' Association asked the
beard to grant sufficient ground. Jn Union
Square for the construction of an under
ground public lavatory. The new public
utility will cost $7000, and will be con
structed on the European plan. The
Board of Supervisors is to be petitioned
to appropriate the money for its construc
tion.
A suggestion was made . to the board
that the flags of all nations be placed
around Concert Valley, In front of the
music stand. ,.-.'.- \u25a0 \u25a0 *
A- committee from the Point Lobos Im
provement; Club appeared before the
board to , solicit its . -Influence with the
Board of Supervisors to have Fulton
street, from Stanyan street to First ave
nue, improved. The matter was laid over
for further consideration. . . . ,.
At a meeting of the Park Commission
ers held yesterday, afternoon a, nptiflca
tioi. was received from th;e" Secretary of
the Navy to the effect that the rudder, of
the famous old battleship Hartford will
soon be condemned, and sold to the high
est bidder.. It is. the intention of the Com
missioners to enter a bid; and should they
be successful In ' obtaining- "the historic
relic they will have it mounted In Golden
Gate Park.
Porter Ashe, on behalf of the laborers
in the park, appeared before the Com
missioners and requested that their sal
aries be increased from. $2 to.$2 50 per day.
The request was taken under advisement.
RUDDER OF FAMOUS
BATTTLESHIP FOB, SALE
Miss Hussey and Mrs. R. L. Partlngton
sang "Lead, Kindly Light," with Miss
Mitchell as accompanist. Charles Blank
gave a violin solo, "Regrets," and Arthur
C. Lawrence sang "Be Thou Faithful
Unto Death." The programme was con
cluded by the singing of "America" by
the audience and the sounding of taps
by M. J. Orr. •
Post Commander John C. Innes dellv-'
ered an introductory address, and Henry
C. Dibble spoke eloquently of the mar
tyred President and comrade. The audi
ence joined in singing "Nearer, My God,
to Thee," and the Rev. E. R, Dllle deliv
ered an invocation.
Mrs. E. Grace Buswell rendered a solo
and Dr. James G. Crawford recited "The
Spirit of the Union," a poem written by
J. J. Wallace, an ex-Confederate and
actor, and dedicated to Lincoln Post at
the time of General Grant's visit during
his tour of the world. M. J. Orr rendered
a cornet solo, "The "Vacant Chair."
Samusl M. Shortridge delivered the eu
logy. He traced the public career of Wil
liam McKinley and paid eloquent tribute
to his deeds and his character. In con
clusion he said:
The name of McKinley -will live as a wise
statesman, a true patriot, a great man called to
a great work, and who died as a Christian,
calmly, hopefully. Who shall say that a braver
man ever lived than William McKinley as he
looked into the face of death? If there was
much of helpfulness in his life, certain it is
that in his death there was much- to lift up
the nation to higher things.
Let us turn from our mourning bravely '.to
the problems that' confront us, for the dead'
sleeps in glory. Let us turn from our mourn
ing with hope and cheerfulness, . for . the dead
sleeps in immortality. . • •'.- ,. .
Lincoln Post, No. 1, Grand Army of the
Republic, held memorial services in honor
of President McKinley last night in the
post's hall in the Pioneer building. Mem
bers of the post, their wives and sons and
daughters, and guests from George H-
Thomas Post illled the hall to the doors,
and the programme from the first number
to the last was most impressive.
Grand Army Men Listen to
Tributes to Their Beloved
Comrade.
Honor Is Paid to Mem
ory of the Martyred
President.
LINCOLN POST
HOLDS SERVICES
THBSANfKANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
Joint Benefit at Grand Opera=House Adds Handsome
Sum to IVicKinley Memorial Fund.
THEATRICAL MANAGERS SCORE
ONE MORE NOTABLE SUCCESS
9
- • - <. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;;.- -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ADVERTISEMENTS. - '£L':£g?£i
/ GOLD H | pAN . AMERICAN f ?P^\
WmmMmi: If exposition \$&?Qsnm)
\^oiy I , aJ 50j J/
AND DIPLOMA AWARDED TO
IPij§iS| ' 11 iiiiiiiill^
SI 1 exposition i Ullili
POLITICAL.
REPUBLICAN
RALLY!
GRAND RATIFICATION
TWEETING
OF
REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES
Under the Auspices of the
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN TOMMITTEB
' AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
Saturday Evening,
October 19th.
\u25a0lill
And other prominent speakers will address th»
meeting. MAURICE L. ASHER,
Chairman Republican Campaign Committee.
P. H. PRENDERGAST, Secretary.
The Official Records of yie
Office of
RECORDER
During the past 18*Months
under .
EDMOND
'\u25a0"\u25a0- ; \ ;
Democratic Nominee fop
Re-Election, show a
SAVING of
$24,533 53
Over the same period of
his predecessors.
i • m /^OJRP « . •
MAYOR,
JOSEPHS.!!
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
•*.i:- REPUBLICAN NOMINEB.
, \[ VOTE FOR
R. BOLAND, N
• Democratic -Nominee for • .
PUBlsIC ADMINISTRATOR
•. " \u25a0 • •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 (Incumbent.) \u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 .i^_T- . / -/-_ti \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 11 in- -1-1 u-ijiLj-- . - . _i » 1 jr -"O> fljtj^y.
r;; 6 patents1 J
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claua Spreckels Bids.
, . \u25a0 - Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California tt., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
Sh */ jBR §ie porting fRifS®s
"vliieifs* repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
Kir l^hT t&&*W word they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
i*af*" **>*kW /li *! rifles are made in all desirable calibers, -weights, and:
F^J«. — *i / Xi^^^S '> styles ; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
k&$\ / wtcS H ! mented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
ji|/^^p|l*^; £&mmus2ition
'faW&M&z&^ii- w^l i s made for all kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
Kf5 S»r Irf <F tH'ijiinl FREE Send name and address on postal for our 184-page catalogue.
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO,, Sh'fScKSm^
I Our Eastern buyer of fur- • . j/ I
I nishings has again exercised /^^^^^^rm^S. 1
\u25a0I • good judgment and foresight I
| and made a. special buy from a M«l*^^^^^ii I
I well known underwear manu- [^iMi^^^^i i^\ I
facturer. He has just sent us a i^OT^^^^S I
• ' consignment of balbriggan un-. |f|||M M^^^^^W^ fj
denvear in the most desirable tppSk . 1
.. colors and stripes one could nS^^^^^^^^S^,- \u25a0 i
wish for. The colors are blue, m
' flesh, tan and drab with combi- \u25a0 TP^sffi|j I
| nation stripes of various' harmonizing if ff^fT^^^^-j M
1 colors. While balbriggan is .-.a cotton j^^^^i|j||J- i
\u25a0 goods, it, is so treated in its manufac- jm||lp: y^My fj
@ ture that it is 'very durable yet at the Ifejjjjjjr^- l=l=~=/ |
I same time possessing: a soft finish. MitwiifSrlltf 1
i OrdinarilyTEe garments would l|||ffr tfjfliftf i
Kg ' sell for $3 50, but through our special v|jfe mf/ \ fj
H purchase we can offer. them at . juiRllIlf H
I 9 Stilt Km 1
II ; Out-of-town orders filled— write us. -: if^Iilf h
-V " - '."-'-V"-' . • ' .. , " ll1 *" Articles— . ' \u25a0\u25a0 Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels' ...25,000 15,0.00
Wheat, bushels '... v .242 000 216.000
Corn, bushels .1S1.000 447,000
Oats, bushels ...205,000 113,000
Rye, bushels g t ooo . ' .......
Barley, bushels 53,000 21,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was steady; creamery, 14@21c; dairy.
lS(S19c. Cheese, firm, 10%c. ' Eggs, firm; fresh,
L7%@lSc.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No.- 3 spring wheat. C7%@69%c; No. 2
red, .7lK>71%c; No. 2 corn. 57c: No. 2 oats, 38®
3$%c; No. 2 white, 37%(7i'3Sc; No. 2 rye. ;56c:
fair , to choice malting barley, 54@5&c; . No. * 1
flaxseed. $1 50; No.' 1 Northwestern, $1 51; prime
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c ;\u25a0 pure,. $1 20; Linseed: OH, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for . raw . In barrels; Lard [ Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
3J@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute. .
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, : $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallscnd, $9; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania' Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per - 2000 . lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.- :• \u25a0 .-; - . : \u25a0
General Merchandise.
Articles— ; Open. High. Low." Close.
Wheat No. 2— > ' \u25a0 \u25a0 .
October 68% ' 69% "68% 69
December ' 70% : 70% '70 70%
May .• 73% , . 74. .73%. 73%
' Corn No. 2 — \u25a0 . . /
October 55 55U'. 55 55%
December.... 56% .; 56% '. 56% 56U
May 58% 58% : . 58% 58%
Oats No." 2— \u25a0 " -.-:.\u25a0" .
October :.. 34% 34% . 34% 34%
December .....' 35% • 35% 35%: 35%
May 37% 37% " 37%- 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October; 13 70 '. 13 92% 13 70 13 87%
January. ". 15 20 15 32% ' 15 20 15 27%
May 15 30 15 37% 15 25 15,35
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October .... ...: S 40 9 52% 9 40 9 52%
November 9 32% 9 42% 9 32% 9 42V>
January 9 07% 9 17% 9 05 9 17%
May ..1 9 10 9 17% 9 10 8 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— •\u25a0':.->'\u25a0'\u25a0
October 8 37 8 50 \u25a0'. 8 37% 8 50
January : 7 90 7 97% 7 90 7 97%
May ................. 8 00 8 07% ; 8 00 8 05
: PORK — Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, 6c; over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off ,* and stags, - 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c. ..,,.... \u25a0 :
All quotations remain unchanged. The sup
ply of everything about equals the demand.
.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:; .
\u25a0 BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows. • •. \u25a0 :{
VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c;.Ewes, 6@6V4c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— To-day's stock mar
ket was again quite Inconclusive as an. index
as to any consistent speculative sentiment.
Confusion and hesitation were the only feelings
revealed. Although prices covered a consid
erable range' and in ~6ome cases several times
the net changes of any consequence will be
found very few.. The same brokers, acting to
all appearances, for the same interests were
on different sides of the market at different
times of the day. This was especially true of
the operation* • in the Southwestern railroad
rroup, in which heavy Belling, seemingly for
inside Interests, was followed by even heavier
buying from the same sources. The midday
weakness in this group interrupted ' a harden
ing tendency in the market, as it "did yes
terday. The feature of the morning dealings
was The marking up of a number of high
pi iced investment railroad stocks. This move
mrnt was prompted by the sales yesterday of
Lake Shore at 309, which were confined to two
transactions, and the alleged raising of the
bid for Chicago, Burlington and Quincy to 211.
which proved on investigation to be wholly
fictitious:.' On this rather slender ttasis there
were hung -various sapient dissertations upon
the 6ignificar.ee of the pressure of capital thus
revealed Into the high-class railroad stocks
and the example was taken up this morning,
possibly by Investors and possibly by the In
genious professional operators who have been
seeking to awaken speculative interest In
stocks. The movement had lost much of its
force by midday. Much more Impressive was
the sudden activity In Northern Pacific pre
ferred, after a period of practical stagnation,
lasting ever since the panic of May 9 Not
only was the demand for this stock strong.
,^5 '-"PP'y wa s extremely liberal, many
l<W0-sh2ie lots being dealt in and the day's
trenractions reached a considerable total
Among the prominent Fellers were brokers often
employed by the capitalists whose Jealously
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
« -*
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Steady Liverpool cables
in the face of /recent weakness here gave
strength at the opening, and December wheat
started %@%c to %ti%c, advanced at 70«£c to
70%@70%c. Small Northwestern receipts als.T
lent an upward tendency, though the clearing
weather has begun to favor a. freer Northwest
ern movement. Numerous shorts covered their
lines earlv and then the market turned dull
until December sagged to 70c. News of pur
chases here for Antwerp and ' Argentina, to
gether with increased seaboard clearances,
brought renewed activity. December Boon sold
at 70%c, but in the absence of any strong out-.
Bide interest and on an uneasy feeling among
early buyers prices eased off and December
closed barely firm, %c higher, at 70%@70%c.
Corn was steady at the opening, but gradu
ally Improved a little under, the influence o?
the 'improvement in wheat.. 'December' closed
a shade higher at 56%@56%o. « .. ' ,
The oat market was firm, .though trade was
light and fluctuations narrow. December closed
firm. %c higher, at 35U@3SKc. - *
Provisions were quiet, yet. with firm tone,' on
the strength of a higher hog market. * Janu
ary pork closed 10c advanced, lard 10©12 1 4c
higher and ribs 7%@10c ud. . - ,-. ;
The leading futures ranged as follows: ,' \u25a0
Chicago Grain Market.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Cotton futures closed
steady, 2 to 6 .points lower.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cuffs and brands sell
about lV£c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9V4c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9 J /4c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, 10®
10%c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
40@6Oc each; medium, 50@75c; long Wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts ; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime \u25a0 Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6'Ac; No. 1 rendered, 5@
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4 1 /2c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley fine. 14@
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 90
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, e^fgJS^c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c: Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair (and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice. - \u25a0
There was no change yesterday, beyond a
small advance at Chicago.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess $12; Family, $12 50; Prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 7%@Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
12tfc; 10-lb tins, 12%c: 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
13c. f
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10>4c: one tierce, 10V»c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Owing to an almost
entire absence of demand values of tin, both at
New York and at London, took a drop to meet
the views of buyers to-day. The former de
clined about 60 points and ruled weak and un
settled all day, closing at $24 25@24 75 for spot,
while at London values declined £2 10s and
closed very weak, the spot price being £112 10s
and futures at £105 10s.
Copper took a sudden drop and fell off £1 10s
to £63 15s for spot and £62 10s for futures. The
local market ruled quiet at yesterday's advance,
spot ' Lake closing at $16 75@17 and casting at
$16 37%@16 62%. \u25a0 .
Lead was dull and unchanged at home and
abroad, closing at $4 37% and £11 7s 6d respect
ively. • .
Spelter was also unchanged, closing at $4 20@
4 25 and £17 2s 6d respectively. . .. \u25a0
Domestic iron markets ruled dull and nomin
ally unchanged on the basis of $9 50@10 50 for
pigiron warrants; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15@
16; No. 2 foundry,"' Southern, $14@15; No. 1
foundry. Southern, $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry,
Southern soft, $14 50@16.
Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 9d and Mld
dlesboro closed at 45s 3d.
New York Metal Market.
Weather Report.
O29tn Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 17, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last aasua and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka , O.OO 4.29 2.65
Red Bluff 0.00 1.83 2.09
Sacramento O.OO 0.56 0.68
fian Francisco 0.00 0.82 1.14
Fresno .v Trace 0.57 '0.43
Independence O.OO 0.77 0.S4
San Luis Obirpo O.OO 0.2S 1.31
Lcs Angeles •.... O.OO ' 0.12 0.25
ban Diego 0.00 0.06 0.10
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
b'i; rr.lnim'jm, 52; mean, 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 6S-52; Cincinnati. 70-42; Washington,
6S-4S: Jacksonville, 72-52; New York, C4-52; Kan
fas City, 64-42; Omaha, 62-36; Duluth, 44-28;
Salt Lake City, 73-48; Chicago, 4S-32; St, Louis,
€2-41; Philadelphia, €6-50.
m THE COAST RECORD.
5 2 2 0 a
3 s« <t'=S 3 <" %
STATION. 3 ?3^i,2 Jo c
? : 3 i 2 ! 3 ? %
Astoria ....30.08 58 52 S Cloudy .06
Baker 30.04 74 42 S Clear .0)
Carton i 30.06 74 3S SW Cloudy .03
Eureka 30.08 56 52 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.94 84 48 NW Clear T.
Flagstaff 30.18 70 28 SW Pt.Cldy .OOP
Pocatello, Idaho.. .SO. 04 76 40 W Clear .00
Independence. ..'".... 2). SS 78 51 W Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29.98 76 48 W Clear .CO
Phoenix 29.86 96 56 SE Pt.Cldy .03
.Portland 30.06 56 52 S Cloudy T.
* Red Bluff 2S.9S 76 50 SE Pt.OId'y .00
Roseburg 30. 08 58 52 NE Cloudv .00
Sacramvnto 29.9$ 74 50 S Clear .0<k
Salt Lake....: J0.C6 72 46 NW Clear .00
San Francisco 30j06 58 32 W Clear .03
San Luis Obispo... 30.04 74 48 NW Clear • .00
San Diego 23.96 70 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 58 48 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 23.96 70 38 NE Clear .08
Neah Bay 30.04 56 48 SE Cloudy .01
Walla Walla 25.84 74 46 W Clear .0y
Winnemucca 29.88 78 40 E Cloudy 00
Yurr-a 29.82 9S 62 SW Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m., 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change In pressure
over the western half of the country during
the laFt twelve hours. Cloudy weather pre
vails in the mountains of California and a
lipht sprinkle of rain is reported from the
San Joaquin Valley. Cloudy weather prevails
along the coast from Point Reyes northward.
The temperatures continue from 3 to 7 de
g-rees above the normal in the great valleys.
Forecast -made at" San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Otober IS, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday; probably showers along the
northern coast and also in the foothills; light
southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; light
southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday;
cooler; light easterly, changing to westeriy
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday; possibly light showers In the
morning; light southerly, changing to fresh
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87H
New York Exchange, sight...... — j 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47V4
. . ; \u25a0 Wheat and Other Grams.
WHEAT— Liverpool was -firm, but Paris
lower. Cables reported the drought In the Ar
gentine getting serious.
Chicago was. firmer on the better foreign ad
vices. The demand was moderate and specu
lative.- St. \u25a0 Louis bought back some "Wheat
sold on the preceding day.
This .market was higher, both on and oft
call, and the tone was much better.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, - 96%c; milling, 98%c
@U 02% Per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 8000
ctls. 97%c; 6000, 97%. May— 4000, |1 02%; 10,000,
?1 02%.
Session — December— 2000 ctls, 98V6c;
8000, 98c. May— 2000, $103%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls. 98c; 4000, 98%c. - May— 8000, $103; 14,000,
U 03%. ,
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls, 98%c;
10,000. 98%c. May— 40C0. $1 O3'/J.
BARLEY— The steadier tone already men
tioned continues,' but it is not sufficient to im
prove quotations. • Stocks here ' continue light.
Feed, 72 1 / A@73%c for choice bright, 7O@71V4c
for No. 1 and 67V4c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77'^@82^c; Chevalier, 95c@
SI 05 per ctl. •.\u25a0
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. • .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
69M>c. .
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Continue firm at previous prices, -with
a fair demand for feed and a good demand for
seed.
Grays,. $1@1 20; whites, ?1 15@1 30; black, $1®
1 20, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl. ,
• CORN — Is dull and unchanged.
Eastern is quoted to arrive In bulk at $1 62%
for White, ?1 52Vs for Yellow and |1 57&@1 60
for mixed.
RYE— 73@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (3 15@3 25;
Oregon,' $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
, lows, .usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour,' $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, - $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, $4
©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole "Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@S 35;
In sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Yesterday . was another brisk, day in Hay,
receipts being moderate and the demand good.
There was nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $20020 50 ! per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut . Cake, $2O@21; Corn Meal.
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $3i 50@35; Mixed Feed,
?18@19. , \u25a0 '\u25a0/ \u25a0\u25a0" ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
HAY— Wheat, $S@11; Choice, $11 50; Wheat
and Oat. $7 5Q@10 50; Oat, ?8@10; Barley and
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover,. $5 E0@7;
Volunteer, $5(38; Stock,. $5<g>7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@45c per bale. . .
Beans and Seeds. '
' There is nothing new • In the Bean situation,
the market being quiet and generally weak.
BEANS— Bayos, . $2 40®2 50; Small White, $3 40
@3 60; Large "White, $2 25@2 50; Pea, ?3@4;
Pink, $2 25@2 50; Red,- $ ; Blackeye, $3 25®
3 60; Limas, $4 50@4 85; Red Kidney, $3 75 per
cti. • '. ;. - ; * • -v ; \u25a0 :•". \u25a0
• SEEDS— Brown I Mustard, $3@3 50; V Yellow
Mustard. $3 35@3 50; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%@3V4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rapt,
1%®M4C: Hemp, 3%c per lb."
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 75
@2 per" ctl. ' ', '
•Potatoes,. Onions and Vegetables.
The extraordinary shipments of Onions to. the
West, Southwest, Alaska and ,_ Pacific Ocean
points some weeks ago so cut down supplies in
this State that holders are disposed to hang
out for better " prices later on, and the , mar
ket Is accordingly \ very steady. Potatoes, on
the contrary, are weak, though not materially
lower. Sweets are cleaning, up. -,
> A decline in Lima Beans under heavier re
ceipts was the principal change In Vegetables.
Otherwise the market was quiet.
POTATOES — 40@75c in | sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30;
River Reds, $1 45@1 60: Sweets, 37%@40c ; for
Rivers and 85@90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1@1 20. per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
75c per ctl. \u25a0 » , . "
' VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans. 2V4@3%c;. Llmas, 2%@3 1 /4c;
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl ; . Tomatoes, from Ala
uneda, 25@40c; Dried Peppers, 10@12V4c; Green
Okra..50@73c per box; Carrots, 25©35c per sack;
Cucumbers, 30@40c; Pickles, 2^@3c per lb for
A cut of 15c per box in London Layer Rai
sins is reported by the Growers' Association.
This market continues extremely unsettled and
weak. Other descriptions under this head are
Inactive and about as before quoted.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and &@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; sun-dried, 3%@4>£c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
3t£@5c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red and 5V£@6%c for white; Figs, ZMQZ'Ac for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s. 5Vi@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60's. 4U@
4%c: 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's, 3H@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100' s, 2H@2V4c per lb. " : ~
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175; Lon
don Layers— Three-crown, $1 20; Two-crown,
$1 10. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels —
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, iVsC Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4'^c; Seed
less Sultanas, 5>ic; Thompson Seedless, 6^e;
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice. 7%c;
standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c Bleached Thomp
sons — Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7^c; prime. 6%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9^0; No. 2, 7^c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10
lie for softshell and 5©6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12'4c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
?3 5O@5.
HONET— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Ruled moderately
active to-day, with the undertone quiet -ind
steady. State, common to good, 6@8c; prime,
S'/fcc: choice, 9c; fancy, SV4@9%c.
California dried .fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 3?4@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, S@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, Il<ai8c; unpeeled, 6<§9%c.
DRIED FRUITS,
# : . *
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,700 barrels; exports, 12,500 barrels. More ac
tive and fi -mer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,700 bushels; exports,
12,900 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red; 77c
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 77Uc f. o. b. afloat. Options
were firm most of the day and higher on a re
newal of bullish Argentine crop news, better
cables, tmall spring wheat receipts, covering
and strong outside markets. Closed firm, %@
%c net advance. May, 78%@79 3-16, closed
T9c; October. 74%©74 ; >ic, closed 74%c; Decem
ber, 76<5-76 7-16c, closed \u25a016 1 Ac. ' >
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, firm; No." 3 Invoice,
6%c; mild market steady; Cordova, 7*j@llc.
Coffee futures closed steady, 15 to 25' points up.
Total transactions, 53,250 bags, including: Oc
tober, $5 40; November, $5 45@5 55; December,
$5 60. January, $5 70@5 SO; March, $5 85@6; Sep
tember, $6 30@G SO. •
SUGAR— Raw, itrons; fair refining, 3 5-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13- 16c; molasses sugar,
3 1-lUc. Refined steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 4589 • packagres; steady.
State, dairy, 14<?f20c; creamery, 15@22c; June
creamery, 17%@21c; factory, 12%@15c. v
EGGS— Receipts, 8234 packages; easier. West
ern, candled, 21V4c; uncandled, 16@21c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce..
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance, fl6S,915,754; gold, ?10O,585,6O3.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Consols, 93%. Silver,
26 9-16d. French rentes, lOOf 25c. Cargoes on
passage, ' firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 28s 4H<J; cargoes Walla Walla,
27s 9d;" cargoes Oregon, 2Ss 3d; English country
markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 17.— "WHEAT— Steady;
No. 1 Standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9^; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-16d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— Clearings, $468,586; bal
ances, $S6,442.
Portland's Business.
NEW TORK, Oct. 17.— Close— Money on call
was steady, at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3% per
cent; ruling rate, 314 per cent; prime mercan
tile pacer, 4Vi<p per cent. Sterling exchange
was steady, . with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85%@4 85% for demand and at $4 S3%
<&~4 S3?i for sixty days; pested rates, $4 S4%@
4 84 and $4 87; commercial bills. $4 83V4- Bar
silver, 57%c; Mexican dollars, 45Uc Bonds-
Governments, irregular; railroads, ttrm; States,
inactive.
New York Money Market.
TACOMA, Oct. 17.— Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem, 55c; club, 54c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 54@54Hc; valley, 55c; blue stem, 55@55V4c.
Total exports of wheat from this port, flour
Included, for the week ending to-day were
149,947 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
Northern . Wheat Market.
OREGON.
The Military Medical Academy has an
nounced that Jewish pupils of the dentist
schools have to pass their examinations
at the universities within the Jewish pal©
of settlement. .. . . > -
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 75c@$2 for com
mon, ?3 25@3 75 for good to choice and $4@4 25
for fancy; new Navels, $4@5; Lemons, $1@1 25
for common and $2ffJ3 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit, $1 5O@4; Mexican - Limes, $6 50@7 50;
Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50
@3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater. 30
@40c per box and crate; Tokay, 30@50c; Muscat,
30<S50c; Black, 30@50c; Isabella, 65@75c; Corni
chon, 60@75c; Wine Grapes£ $26@32 per ton for
Zlnfandel and $25<g27 for "White.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 30@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 40<g60c per box. ' ,
PEACHES— 50@60c per box; Peaches In car
riers. 70@90c.
POMEGRANATES— 50@6Oc per small box.
PEARS— "Winter Pears, 50c@$l 25 per box. j
QUINCES— 40<g65c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c@$l per box. • .
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@ i per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4©5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-6@7c - per lb. '\u25a0
. CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per -barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FIGS — 50c@?l per box for black and 30@40c
for white.
The continued cool . weather Is seriously
checking the demand for fruit, and the. side
walks are again piling up, chefly. with table
Grapes, which are dull and lower. Wine Grapes
are reported still j higher, in the country, but
show little advance here, as the. first crop is
almost gone and the second crop . never does
meet with a very strong demand. Pome
granates and Persimmons continue weak. As foi*
Melons, a little more cool weather and the bot
tom will drop" out of the market. Offerings
are in excess of the demand. There is no
call for Peaches, as the public have got- tired
of them. • .
J Citrus fruits stand about the same." Arrival
of 496 boxes Mexican Limes.
Arrivals of Huckleberries were large, being
153 boxes:"
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
"Prices at yesterday's sale of about 500 boxes
and nearly 3000 bags of new Smyrna figs rangtu
from 4\<!illc for layers, 9@12%c for Iocoums
and 4'5biS;;V2C for bass. A portion of the offer
ings was very sweaty and undesirable and sold
very low', but merchantable goods did well,
common grades, if anything, doing better than
at the previous sale. The present warm weather
s a«ra:nst figs, however, and demand is very
isht."
Mail reports from- New York say: "There
*re some hopes that the jumbled California
raisin situation may clear up to-day and there
were numerous rumors in circulation yesterday
that still lower prices' would be named by the
association directors within- twenty-four hours
on n<-w seeded. In lact, circulars were put
out by certain cbmmission-houses stating that
probably i>riees would be 5%c f. o. b., coast,
for choice seeded and 6e for fancy, but whether
these quotations were made for the purpose of
keeping the trade from buying from outsiders
or were based -on authentic Information from
the coast it is impossible to say. It was re
ported, however, that some orders were taken
?ondltionally on the prices above mentioned
X'ing made. Outside packers continued to offer
»ew seeded at 6c and 6'^, f. o. b., California,
tr.d it is understood a fair amount of business
has been placed at these figures. If prices
htc lower are actually made and the trade is
satisfied they are to be bottom -quotations un
doubtedly buyers will take hold liberally. De
mand for seeded raisins on spot is active and
supplies are not large.
""The srot market for currants holds steady
at C^ic fcr Air.allas In barrels. The arrival of
the Hesperia with about 3200 barrels and the
txpected arrival any day of the Powhattan with
practically the same quantity, has had no ap
preciable effect on prices as yet. A -portion of
the Hesperia's earso was sold to arrive and
pome of h^r cargo, it is understood, is being
stored.
Raisins, Currantsand Figs.
Sales were light on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, but the feeling: was firm.
California Wine sold , up to $8S 75, Gas and
Electric to J45 and Makawell was buoyant
at $28. *
There was more firmness and activity in the
oil stocks, with an advance In Reed to 42c.
In the afternoon the sugar stocks suddenly
became lively, Makawell advancing to $29. :
Kllauea to $11 25 and Hutchinson to $15 50. Pa
cific Gas rose to $41 73 and California Wine to
$89. Sales were larger than for some days.
The Truckee River General .Electric Company
has declared a monthly dividend of 10 cents per
share, amounting to $5000, payable October 21.
A quarterly dividend of $1 50 per share is now
being paid by the Pacific Surety Company.
At the recent annual meeting of the Stock
and Bond Exchange the following officers were
.elected: Edward Pollitz, president; R. G.
Brown, vice president; Daniel Meyer, treasurer;
Harry Schwartz," secretary. The sales during
the past year, as compared with 1900, were as
follows:
1900. 1901.
Gas and electric, shares 92,358 96 248
Water 59,025 31,543
Insurance 99 8-1
Banks, commercial 2,111 4,481
Banks, savings 51 44
Street railway : 13.287 11.819
Powder 59.357 17.829
Sugar .240,227 197,940 •
Miscellaneous 13,054 35,934
Totals 479,563 395,929
The sales of bonds during the past year
amounted to $7,808,424.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. 1 . Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup... 112 112% 4s quar reg 112 112%
4s qr c (new). 139 140 ,3s quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06%107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO4 105
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
C C Water 5s. 111% 112% Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & Cl H 6S.109 —
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 96 98%
Do 5s .99 — S F & SJV 5s.l22 —
Los Ang R 5s. 117% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s. .101% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113 113%
Do gntd 5s. .101 103 (1910) lUYt —
L A & P 5s.. — 102 S P. of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 <1905). Ser A.107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.108 —
Do 1 c m 5s. 121% — (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2»4113% (1912) 119% —
Do 5s 121%122 S P of Cal 1st
-Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — c gntd 5s 110% —
Do 5s 107%108 S P Br Cal 6s. 133% —
Nor Cal R 5s. HI — S V Water 6s.lll%112
Oak Gas 5s 111% — Do 4« 104 —
Oak Trans 6s.. 122 123% Do 4s 2d m.103 —
Do 1st c 5s..ll2%112% Stkn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 105 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 77%'Port Costa 63 63
Marin County. 58 — 'Spring Valley. 88% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. »
Cent L & P — — Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual — -5Vi S F G & E.... 44% —
Oakland 51 . 52 San Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp.. 41 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 —I
BANKS.
Anglc-Cal — 80 |L P & A 136 160
California .....406 410 Her Ex (Hq).. 16
Cal Safe Dep.. 108% — |S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl..310 — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan...
Humboldt ..... — " — - Security Sav... 275 —
-Mutual Sav 60 — Union Trust. .1700
San Francisco.525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — O S L & H 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 31 '
Market 90% 90%
POWDER.
Giant — 75%|VIgorit 4 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 4% 5%iKilauea 11 ny,
Hawaiian — 50 |Makaweli 28% —
Honokaa 10% 10%iOnomea ... 24 25
Hutchinson ... 15% — iPaauhau .. 10%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 141 141% Oceanic S Co.. 42% 46
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 98 PacAuxFA.. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 88% 90 Pac C Borax. .165 ' —
Mer Exchnge..llO — Par Paint 16
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association.. .140 50
95 California Wine Association 88 75
100 Equitable Gas { 3 50
180 Honokaa Sugar Company \ 10 50
10 Makaweli 28 00 '
110 Market Street Railway 9075
$15,000 Market Street Railway con 5s 121 75
$1000 Oakland Transit Co. 5s 112 25
\u25a0 90S F Gas and Electric Co. 45 00
50 S F Gas and Electric Co. s 90 45 00
$1000 Southern Pacific of Cal 6s (1912)... 119 75
Street—
$4000 Market Street Ry 1st con 5s 121 75 .
$11,000 Market Street Ry 1st con 5s 12175
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 California Wine - Association. .; 89 00
5 Giant Powder Con 75 00
100 Honokaa. Sugar Company 10 50
20 Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co.. 15 50
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 11 oo v
110 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 11 25
10 Makawell, s 90 2S 50
125 Makaweli ..; 28 75
, 50 Makaweli, s 90 29 00
65 Makaweli 29 00
5 Market Street Railway.; 90 50
20 Oakland Gas 51 25
$13,000 Oakland Gas bonds 112 00
70 Pacific 43as Improvement..... 3 41 50
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 41 52%
20 Pacific Gas Improvement......' 41 75
100 S F Ga3 and Electric Co 45 00
30 S F Gas and Electric Co, s 90 45 00
10 Spring Valley Water 88 50
Street—
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 5s.. ; 112 23
$14,000 Southern Pacific oT Arizona (1910) 114 50
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
— —
Morning Session.
Board—
10O Bear Flag />,.
300 Home * 3 ig
.100 Junction \u25a0 ..: ...; 1Q
1C0O Junction ;.."* \l
2000 Lion " ~
900 Monarch of Arizona. * i|
1100 Monarch of Arizona.... "" it.
550 Monte Cristo "" •• f
1000 Oil City Petroleum ...; '"/ 2:
50 Peerless r £J
200 Reed Crude : .
500 Reed Crude .....:..... *"'\u25a0 jji
' 105 Reed Crude ""\u25a0' S
100 Reed- Crude " *f \u25a0
500 Reed Crude : "/"" "
80 San Joaquln Oil & Development "*" •« nA
100 Thirty-three 2 JJ{
. 200 Twenty-eight :....... , 'en
Street— 1 w
50 Monte Cristo 160
- - Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Bear Flag ......'.... > «
100 Four, b 30 ••...»\u25a0 u, .
1000 Independence --••.... vj
lOOO Lion. ...:........\u25a0................,-\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: j£
300 Monarch of Arizona.... \u25a0"*• '" "{
1500 Oil City Petroleum .'.'"'"\u25a0' £
, 50 Peerless '.... " - 55
500 Peerless, b 90... ? „,.
1000 Reed Crude ..a ....'.'. * J>
1500 Reed Crude, s 3......; "••".*. *- :
100 Sterling ;M;;IM^ 135
L S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4%s.lO6%
. re «f 103 L & Nash unl 4s.. 101%
<J° coup 109 Mex Cent 4s .:. 83
<J° 3s re S 107% do 1st inc .... 30^4
*j° m «P, 108% Minn & St L 4s.. .103
.do new 4s,re B ....138 M K & Tex 4s.... 98%
*> <™P ••• 139 Co Zds 80
do old 4s reg....H2 N Y Cent lsts.. 105%
do coup 112 do gen 3%s.? 109%
d " 5s reg 106% N J Cent gen -5s 130%
». d °v. COUp l07 ** North Pac 4s.. !? 104%
Uchison gen 4s... 102^ do 3s .... tJ^
do adj 4s 97 Korf & W onn - i«'*iri9i?
3alt * Ohio ......102%ReIdinggen°"s 4S ::T' 4
d0 31 '4 S •. 85%!st L & 1 M con 5s 115%
do conv 4s 105%!St L & S F 4s 9^
ran South 2ds ....IGsfrst L S W fsts !".." 98%
. ,ent of Ga 5s 107 do 2ds 7s
~£° ;;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 71V4 S A & Ar PaV^'4's! 86%
r-Ef 8 * A?. h '° »$"" 107 South Pac 4s » 2
C B & Q new 4s.. 98 ;Tex & Pac i«!t«! 114 % T
C M & St P g 4s. 110% Tol sTl! W S 4 S :Tl'V
S V li con ts -- 13^i Union Pac 4s 103%
C R I Pac 4s 106% do conv 4s ..:...1O7
C C C & St L g 48.103% Wabash lsts .....119%
Chi Term 4s ...... 93% do 2ds ....... "..110
Colo & South 4s.. £8 do deb B 5/u
P & R G 4s.... 1021.; West Shore 4s ....llj'-
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98% Wheel & L E 4s . 90%
do Sen 4s 874* Wls Cent 4s ...... 88%
Ft W &.D C 1st. ..106 Con Tobacco 4s.... 64y
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks^- Sales. Hi gh. Low. Close.
Atchison 20,300 7SV4 77% 77?i
Atchison pfd 3,600 97 96% 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 800 1O2V4 102^ 102V&
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian 1 Pacific 1,300 110& 109% 109%
Canada Southern 81%
Chesapeake & Ohio 200 45% 45% 45%
Chic &, Alton 2,800 37% 36% 36%
Chic & Alton pfd 7714
Chic Ind & Louis 1,500 41% .40 40%
Chic Ind & Louis pfd... 100 72% 72% 72
Chic & East Illinois •.:. 123
Chic & Great West 1,300 22% 22 22
Chic & Great W A pfd 200 85^4 85^4 S5Vi
Chic & Great W B pfd.. 100 43 " 43 43
Chic & Northwestern... 40,000 202 197 200
Chic Rock Is & Pac 1.400 142V* 142»i 142
Chic Term & Trans 2.000 20% 20 20
Chic Term & Trans pfd 4,600 37 36 36%
C C C & St Louis 96^2
Colo Southern ? 900 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 300 54 52% 53
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 600 24 23 23U
Delaware & Hudson 6,000 169% 169% 168%
Del Lack & West 1,100 226% 223% 225
Denver & Rio Grande.. 5,400 44% 44% 44%
Denver & R G pfd 100 92 92 91%
Erie •. 1.400 41% 40% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 600 69% 69% 69
Erie 2d pfd ... 55
Great Northern pfd 6,500 196 192% 194
Hocking Valley 52%
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 5,000 147% 145% 146
Iowa Central 100 40 40 39%
Iowa Central pfd 100 77% 77% 77^4
Lake Erie & West 400 69% 69 69
Lake Erie & West pfd " .. 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 1,400 103V4 102% 102%
Manhattan L 1,700 120 119% 119V4
Metropolitan St Ry 1,600 15S% 157% 158
Mexican Central 1,000 22 21% 22
Mexican National 1,600 14% 13% 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 2,100 1GSU 105% 108
Missouri Pacific 18.400 93% 93% 94%
Mo Kan & Tex 3.100 25Vi 24 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 5,000 50 48% 49»4
New Jersey Central 163'
New York Central 7,000 157% 156H 156%
Norfolk & Western 3,900 55% 55% 55%
Norfolk & Western pfd 88
Northern Pacific pfd 21,700 107% 9SV4 100U
Ontario & Western 2,000 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania ..: 12,300 147% 146% 146%
Reading 3,400 40% 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 1.3CO 76% 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 100 51% 5iy; 51%
St L & San Fran 1,100 41% 40% 41\k
St L & San Fran 1st pfd 77
St L & San Fran 2d pfd 200 66% 66% 66%
St L Southwestern 1,800 27 26 26^4
St L Southwestern pfd. 3.900 56 54% 51%
ft Paul 46.400 166% 164% 165%
I 1 u aUl P t> A —n 40 ° 18S * 18S I 88
Southern Pacific 23,400 59% 57 59W
Southern Railway ...... 2 500 3'% 32% 32*1
Southern Railway pfd.. 100 S6% 85% S5%
Toledo St L & West 21
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 36vi 35" 36
Lnon Pacific 40,200 99% 98 98%
Lnion Pacific prefd.... 800 88% 87% SS
W - ab . aSh 1.000 20% 19% 19%
wheel & L Erie 17a'
Wheel & L Erie 2d prefd '.'.'.'. ...'. 28
Wisconsin Central 1,500 20% 20% 20
Wisconsin Central prefd 600 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams ..... .... is*)
American ; 1RK
United States "•-' £
Wells-Fargo \ "" ,go
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 39,000 88 86% 87Vi
Amer Car & F W0 25% - 25$ 25
Amer Car & F prefd ..* go
Amer Linseed Oil 200 17% 17" is
Amer, Linseed Otl prefd ' 45
Amer Smelt & Ref 1,100 43% 43"* 43
Amer Smelt & R prefd 10.1 97% 97% 97
Anaconda Min Co 3.000 35% 341/ 35
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6,700 60% 60 CO
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 400 92 91% 92
Consolidated Gas 2,100 218% 217 217U
Con Tobacco prefd 1151 2
General Electric 503 258" 257" 257 x
Glucose Susar 1,300 43% 42% 43
Hocking Coal 100 17 17 16%
Inter Paper 22H
Inter Paper prefd 200 78% 78% 78
International Power.... 700 8S% 87% 86%
Laclede Gas an
National Biscuit " """" 41 B4
National Lead ..* ?„/?
National Salt 100 31% 31% 31
National Salt prefd \u25a0......* 63v"
North American \ """ g 6 '*
Pacific Coa=t 100 62% 6'% 62
Pacific Mail 1.700 45 44% 44-
People'sGas 1.000 106%. 105% 105%
Pressed Steel Car 1,900 41% '41 401?
Pressed Steel Car prefd 1,300 81% so Riu
Pullman Palace Car 700 225 221 221
Republic Steel 100 15 15 15
Republic Steel prefd 10.1 66% 66V& 66"
Sugar 11,800 119 117% 118%
Tenn Coal & Iron 900 61 60 - 6(M'
Union Bag & P Co ?- -
Union Bag & P Co prfd .... '" 70
U S "Leather 600 12 11% u4
L S Rubber 900 15% 15 15*
XT S Rubber prefd ... 49
IT S Steel 14,400 43% 43" 43%
U S Steel prefd. 12,500 93 . 92 02U
Western Union 800 91% 91U 91%
Total shares sold... 433,900 ; ' '•
CLOSING BONDS.
Railroad bonds were quiet and firm on a
good volume of business. Total sales, par
value. $1.S05,000. . •
United States 3s advanced % and the 5s coup
on declined % per cent on the last call.
guarded control of the company Is known to
be maintained by holdings of the preferred
stock. The ! incorporation In Iowa of a Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy Railway Com
pany, stated to be for the purpose of acquiring
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad,
coupled with this movement In Northern Pa
cific preferred, caused new attention to the
recently prevalent reports of progress in the
plan of settlement for working out the North
ern Pacific tangle, but the effect of this devel
opment did not extend beyond St. Paul, Great
Northern preferred. Union Pacific and South-'
ern Pacific. Amalgamated Copper continued,
active, but the belief grows that this stock;
is influenced at present by a speculative duel
between two professional operators, rather
than by the actual conditions of its finances
or the trade. The stock was strong and shows
a net gain of 1%; Sugar was another promi
nent feature and gained for the day 1%. The
covering of outstanding shorts was an im
portant influence on the latter stock. The
weekly exhibits of the great European banks
reflected clearly the strained conditions which
have developed in the Paris money market,
while the condition of the Imperial German'
Bank showed a material and unexpected im
provement. Otherwise there was no marked
change in the- money or international exchange
situation. Total sales, 433.900 shares.
Belcher 09 10 Mexican 17 IS
Best & Belcher 15 17 : Occidental 04 OS
Bullion 01 02 Ophir 81 82
Caledonia ..... 30 32 Overman 03 04
Challenge 11 12 Potosi 07 OS
Chollar 07 OS Savage 11 12
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 75 1 SOi Seg Belcher .. 02 03
Con Imp — 01 ! Sierra Nevada. 16 17
Con N Y 01 —[Silver Hill .... 30 31
Crown Point... 06 07iSt Louis 03 —
Eureka Con .. 14 — ! Standard — 4 3>
Exchequer .... — 01 Syndicate ...... — 07
Gould & Curry 03 04' Union Con .... 16 17
Hale & Norcra 16 17 j Utah 03 04
Julia 01 02 Yellow, Jacket.. 15 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.A3k. j Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 02'Justice 02 04
Alta 02 Oj'jKentuck — 02
Andes 04 Ofi'Lady Wash ... 01 —
THURSDAY. Oct. 17— t p. m.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Anaconda. 7%; Atchison,
80%; Atchison preferred, 99V4; Canadian Pacific,
113; Denver- and Rio Grande, 45%; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 94»4j Northern Pacific
preferred, 101%; Southern Pacific, 61; Union Pa
cific, 101; Union Pacific preferred, 90>/&. Bar sil
ver, steady, 26 9-16d. Money. l%@ry, per cent.
CLOSING,
The sum of £50,000 in gold has been with
drawn from the market for export to Germany
and £5000 for Roumania. The German exports
are due to the fact that the banks there are
making cautious provision in view of the*con
tinued industrial crisis. • ' • .
Money on call was 1 per cent on Government
disbursements. -
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's* London financial cablegram says:
The stock market • to-day ,\u25a0 was » idle and in
clined to sag. Coppers fell £1 on' a report of
an Immense holding by the Amalgamated Com
pany. Rio Tintos fejl to'453&s and closed at 45%.
or 1 roint down. .Anaconda sold down 3-16 to
7 1-16. American stocks' Opened .dull with a
dearth of orders and hardened on very large
New York orders for Norfolk and Western. The
close was firm. London expects New York to
keep prices steady till some. bull, point comes,
and then it will boost the market.
London Market.
Flour, qr sks.... 87,594! Hops, bales |5i
Wheat ctls 25,081 Wool, sks 34 ?
Barley, ctls .... 20,960 Powder, car .... 1
Oats, ctls 830 Raisins, bxs .... 1.300
Corn, ctls ISO i Pelts, bdls 36
Bean's sks 5.571iHldes. No 2*7
Potatoes, sks .. 2,289'wine. gals 27.000
Onions, sks 300 Brandy, feals 3,100
Bran, sks ...... 1.640, Tallow, ctls 470
Middlings, aks... 500 Sugar, ctls W.Ooo
Flax, bales 174 Lime, bbls ...:.. 2<3
Hay, tons 466 .Quicksilver, flsks 41
Straw, ton3 37 Leather, rolls ... 62
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER. 17,
Receipts of Produce
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1200-. quiet; Texans unchanjred. Na
tives, $3@6 40; Texas and Westerns, $2 75@5 90;
cows and heifers, $1 50@5 15; bulls and stags,
$2@5; stockers and feeders, $1 50@4 30; year
lings. $2@4; veals, J3@6.
HOGS^-Receipts, 5100; strong to 10c higher;
pigs, 15@20c higher. Light and light mixed,
$6@6 40; medium and heavy. $6 25@6 57% ; pigs,
$4 75@6 15; bulk of sales, $6 25@6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1900; steady. Lambs, $3 85
@4 75; yearlings, $3 25@3 75; wetherB, $3@3 65;
ewes, $2 85@3 25. -
JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.-CATTLE— Receipts, 8000.
including 400 Texans and. 2000 Westerns. Slow
but steady. Good to prime steers, no fancy
here,- $6 10@6 80; poor to medium, $3 75@6;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 20; cows and
heifers, $1@5; canners', $1@2 25; bulls, $1 75®
4 60; calves, t3@6 30; Texas steers, $2 90@3 80;
Western steers, $3 75@5 50. I
HOGS— Receipts, 18.000. Mixed and packers,
5c higher; shippers', steady. Mixed and
butchers , $6 10@6 65; good to choice heavy,
$6 30f 6 72%; rough heavy, $5 80@6 25; light,. $6®
6 30; bulk of sales, $6@6 45
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000; steady. . Good to
choice wethers, $3 50® 4 25; fair to choice
mixed, $3@3 50; Western sheep, $3@3 80; native
lambs, $3@5; Western lambs, $3 25@4 65.
Eastern. Livestock Market.
Receipts were 28,700 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 447 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 27,400 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@29c per lb for fancy
and 26@27V4c for seconds; dairy, 18@25c; store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22%c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12V4c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c
EGGS — Ranch. 3S@40c for selected large, 35
<g>37Hc for good to choice and 32V4@34c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern, 18@21c.
Eggs, v too, are weak, and dealers are ) look
ing for lower prices in them, though prices
show no actual change as yet. There are more
on the market, however, and the movement Is
slower.
As was expected, Butter . has apparently
touched the top notch for the present, and
values are tending downward . again. Arrivals
do not clean up, and dealers ' find stocks in
clined to accumulate. Most of .' the houses
quoted lc off yesterday. There is too much
cold storage stock offering. Cheese | is stead y
and unchanged. - •\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 8% "5 9%
Closing \i 5 Shi 5 v 9Vs
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 90 2195
Closing 20 85 '2190
' Flour — v
Opening .26 85 27 95
Closing 26 85 27 90
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat quotations advanced slightly. .. '. . t
Barley steady. Oats 'firm. Corn and -Rye dull. "'\u25a0 • '...\u25a0:
Hay in active demand again. Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes weak, Onions steady and Vegetablts featureless.
Set at cars of Eastern Poultry in thus far this week.
Game nozv arriving^ in good condition.
Butter declining again and Eggs easing off.. Cheese steady. .
Melons, Peaches and Grape. 1 - weak and quiet. ,'•
London layer Raisins cut: 15c per box.
Dried Fruit market. generally stagnant and weak.. , :
Provisions doing better again at Chicago.
Meat market as before quoted. x
Red, and White Lead marked down,-
Local stocks and bonds quiet. .• - . . - » . , , -\u25a0
Oil stocks show more tone and activity.
. * - ...
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
NEW YORK MINING STACKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 11^4
S 1Ice 40. Ontario . 1130
greece 1 40 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con ... , 12 Phoenix 06
comstock Tunnel., oc Potosi -.....::....... 61
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage 09
Ueadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 11
r Orn c£. llver 1 30 Small -Hopes 40
J ro " S iver 64 Standard \7 3 85
L-eadville Con .'.... 06 1
BOSTON STOCKS AKD BONDS.
Money— Unio* PaciHc 98\$
Call loans 3@4 We^t End 93
rifne loans 4@5 Westingh Elec .... 77
A? l^ s ~ Bonds-. -
Atchison 7714 N E G & Coke 5s. 53«i
do prerd 96% Mining shares-
Am Sugar 118% Adventure ..< 24
Am Telephone -....15? Bingham Min Co.. 29
Boston & Albany.166 Amalg Copper .... 87^
Boston & Maine.. .1S3 Atlantic 3SV4
Oom Coal U% Calumet & He'cla..65O
do prefd .:....... 117 Centennial 20
V S Steel ......... 43 Humboldt 10
Fitchburg prefd. ..143 Osceola 97V>
Gen Electric 257^ Parfot 3S'A
Ed Elec 111 235 Santa Ke Copper.. 4
Mex Cent ...... «...-. 21*i Tamarack 290
N E G & Coke;... b- Utah Mining ...... 22V£-
Old Colony 206^ Winona 2U
Old Dominion ...:. 2? Wolverines 59%
Rubber 14l£
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS-.
500 Belcher 08 1 500 Potosi 07
400 Con Cal & Va.l 73; 1000 Sierra Nevada. IS
200 Con Cal & V.I 77%! 3C0 Union Con .... 17
1S00 Con Cal & Va.l 80 200 Yellow Jacket. IS
200 Ophir 79|
Afternoon Session,
200 Con Cal & Va.l 80 300 Sierra Nevada. 15
200 Con Cal & V.I 77M: 200 Silver Hill .... 30
600 Mexican IS 300 Union Con .... 15
200 Mexican 17 200 Yellow Jacket. 17
600 Ophir 80
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
400 Belcher 10 ( 100 Overman M
400 Challenge 12i 500 Fotosi 08
300 Chollar OS 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Con Cal & Va.l 8 ! > 100 Sierra Nevada. 1<5
100 Confidence .... 7! 400 Union Con .... 17
200 Hale & Norcrs 16 3C0 Yellow Jacket.. 16
200 Hale & Norcrs 17 1 300 Yellow Jacket.. 13
300 Ophir 791
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 06' 500 Ophir SZ
300 Best & Belcher 17 200 Savage 13
300 Chollar 08 600 Sierra Nevada. IT
100 Con Cal & Va.l 75 5f)0 Union Con 15
200 Mexican IS I 300 Utah 05
100 Ophir 83 1 600 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
\u25a0 Two cars of Eastern Poultry .came in, mak
ing seven thus far this week.- There was not
much change In prices. In fact, quotations are
about as low now as they can well get.
Arrivals of Game were 72 sacks, but the de
mand was good and the market kept up very
well. Most of the Ducks are coming in in good
condition, owing to the cool weather.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and 15@17c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@175; Goslings, $150@2; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters, $3 50@4 ; old Roosters, $3 50@4 ; Fry
ers, $3 25@3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for large and
$3@3 25 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $125;
Rabbits, $150 for Cotontail and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $6@6 50; Canvasback. $5@6; Sprig, ?3@
4; Teal, $2@2 25; Widgeon, ?2@2 25: Small Ducks,
$125@175; Black Jacks, ; English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $4. ,
Poultry and Game.
In barrels. " 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, In barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoa
nut Oil, barrels, 63!2C for Ceylon and 5S%c for
Australian. v . - _,, . . „
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal Oil, in -bulk.
13%c; Pearl OH. In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24=; 21a! ne, 25c: Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; tn
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases.
TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels. _
SUGAR— The Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags-. -
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered.- 4.73c: Candy Granulated, 4..oc: Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners A. 4J»c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.23c: Extra C. 4.15c
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c; barrels, 10c more,
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. oOc more. 50-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dommos hair
barrel*. 5. lSe; boxes. 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than SO per cent of Beet SuKar.
LEAD-Prices are lower. wh^.^ a^- 6^
7%c; Red. Lead and Litharge, 7@.fec per lb,
according- to quantity. , *,__„-,
BROOM CORN— The shortage in the broom
corn crop is causing a steady advance in price.
At the' first of the season the average price
stood at about S55 per ton. while $140 is now
being paid and $200 is expected to be reached
before the end of the season. Between 13 ana
80 per cent of brush in growers' hands is re
ported bought up.
small and l@l>4c for E large; ; Garlic, 2@2^c;
Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for. Chile and
40@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box;
Green Corn, Alameda, $1 per crate; Berkeley,
50@65c;: Summer Squash, 40@60c; Marrowfat
Squash; ' ?6@8 per ton ; Hubbard Squash, $20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
timothy seed, $5 55@5 65; mess pork, per barrel,
$13 95@14; lard, per 100 pounds. $9 50@9 52;
short-rib sides (loose), $8 35@8 45; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $7 50@7 75; short clear sides
(boxed), JS 90@9; whisky, basis of high wines,
fl 30. - - \u25a0...-..
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
I$k^ Wharf, San Francisco:
l|i!3?Ste»ii. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
1B^^S>^ Oct. 3, 8, 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2.
; E§rgaK\S?l Change to company's steamers
MgK^SLwJi! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i r^*ift^^3&l c -)> Port Townsend, Seattle.
"\u25a0 Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m. .
~ Oct. 3, 8, 13, 18, 23. 23, Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4, 9. 14, 19, 24, 29, Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Ansreles and Redondo (Los An-
geiei) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Sa,nta Cruz, Mon-
terey,' San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Lui3 Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro and San Pedro
— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Er.senada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain the company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without prevous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
.O.'#?'."4fc TV. CO,
Only Steamship Xiixao to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Through tickets to all
' points, all rail on steamship and rail, at
IiOWSST RATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLDDB BERTH and MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15. 23. Nov 4 It 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER .".....
Sails Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9, 19 23
D.TV.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.,l Montgm'y. S[ F.
AMERICAN LINE.
KZW YORK. 80DTHAKPT0Sf. LONDON. PABHL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul Nov. 20
Friesland .Nov. 6 Haverford Nov 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
I?ED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
\u2666Zeeland Oct. 30|»Vaderland .....Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. lij«ZeeIand Dec! *4
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISflX
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:.
SS. AMERICA MARU
"Wednesday, October 23." 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU...'. .."..
Saturday, November 16, 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU....... ...:„.
"Wednesday. December 11, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First 1 .
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. s Xf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105: Steerage. $40; Meala Frea.
S.S.Argyll sails Tuesday, Oct. 22
5. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. 28
S.S. Argyll sails
From Little Mail Wharf. Pier 38, at 2 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market sL.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Yapores
1°a Y£ lp ;l ra ? 80 - f to PP ln « at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 1S1PERU x O v •
LO .A Oct. 26IPALENA Nov' 2S
trll «n/^ m K r V re . bunt "Pressly for Cen-
I?' •£**£"* Amerl «m passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama ) Fre'sht
and passenger offlc* 316 California strV^t
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO cin, ggt^
— Z 3IK E2f LINE TO TAHITI.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
S s an ilfsTR S 4 r T T e A X 'V Th % r3day - <*"*£ « i m.
e>. a. ALbTRALIA, for Tahiti
S. SrXi^M^DAVVor'Honoiulu?*:..^;..^.^. ""•
i ispsoELs kmuC^mMi Ma
E.ea'1 Passenger CfSss, 613 Harfcet St., Pier in. 7. PaeS st
C0KPA8NIB GENEKAI.3 TBANSATLAITrlqijI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS - - >k
Sailing every Thursday instead of &€!?&*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from- pier 4-' S^SdS
North Kiver. foot of Morton street."
First class to Havre. STO and upward. Second
class to Havre. WT. and upward. GENERVL.
1£? NC J £ OK , UNIT £ D STATES amV CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildine> N~w
York J, F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Cca.£
Agents, o Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcketa sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR IT.- S. KAVY;MB3;'AMB VAUEJ3
. Steamers GSN. FRI3B1S or M0NTICSLL9
0:« a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m e-tcet)t Sm
day Sunday. D:K a. m:. 8 30 p. m P Lav«
ValleJoT a. m.. 12:30 noon, fin m exc^lt
Sunday Sunday. T a. m.. 4 15 p : m Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 13CS. Landing an.
BROS P *• Mlssion -" s t- dock. HATCU
AUCTION SALES
fc* AUCTION SALE. 5b>
Forty head well-broke, gentle driving and
work horses; all beauties; catalogues now
ready Sale Oct. 22. 11 a. m.. Occidental Horao
Sxcfciirge. 721 Howard street.The ladies and gentlemen in charge of
the arrangements and various booths are
as follows:
chanics' Pavilion. Besides the
address cf welcome a delightful and well
prepared programme of vocal and Instru
mental music will be rendered by' the
Cathedral Choral Society, the Knicker
bocker quartet and the Cathedral Mando
lin Club. During the bazaar "The Cathe
dral Chronicle" will be published under
the direction of the Rev. Philip O'Brien,
assisted by a large staff of editors, special
contributors and artists.
THE formal opening: of the grand
bazaar for the benefit of St.
Mary's Cathedral will take place
to-morrow evening in the Me-
Interest More Than Principal.
The case of.H. Hahn, charged with fel
ony embezzlement, \u25a0 was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss* yesterday. . He was ar
rested on complaint of Allen Howard, a
money lender in the' St. 1 Ann building,
for taking furniture from this city to Ma
rin County on which Howard had a chat
tel mortgage. Hahn showed that he had
paid Howard more money in interest than
the original sum . advanced on the furni
ture, and the Judge ; thought Howard had
been sufficiently recompensed.
Secretary Goodwin of. the Pacific Com
mercial Museum has received a cablegram
from . United States Consul | Chester, -who
is stationed at Budapest, giving the open
ing prices for new walnuts as follows:
Trannsylvania, 4*6 cents per pound; Bos
nian, 3 3-10 cents per pound. These figures
are of interest to the walnut growers of
California. Although there is no great ex
portation of California walnuts to Europe
the price for the foreign nuts shows the
Californians the rates they will have to
meet In the Eastern markets "Cf the
United States. .. -. • :.
Walnuts in European Markets.
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
CALL BUREAU,. 1406 G. STREET, . N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Octl 17.— President
Roosevelt shocked his recently acquired
Southern friends and admirers by enter
taining at dinner last evening Booker T.
Washington, the colored head of Tusko
gee Institute. Southern men generally
feel that the President should not, In the
face of his declarations of friendliness to
ward their section, have thus early shown
such marked courtesy to u colored man.
Th^re is but one similar Instance within
recollection when persons of colored blood
dined at the White House. That was when
Queen LJliuokalani visited this country to
resist the proposed annexation of the Ha
waiian \u25a0 Islands and was entertained at
dinner by President Cleveland.. I\>rmer
Presidents refrained from giving dinner
invitations to such negro leaders as Fred
erick Douglas B. K. Bruce, D. B. Elliott,
H. . B. / Spinchback and Bishop, Turner.
These "and other prominent members of
the colored race occupying official : posl-.
tions were invited to public receptions at
the White House and always went with
out exciting comment. •
What effect the dining of Booker Wash
ington by President Roosevelt will have
upon his Southern policy is uncertain, but
it Is predicted that it will drive from him
some of his new allies. When the South
ern delegation called upon him a few days
ago in connection with a Federal'appoint
ment he took occasion to remark that
"the color bf a man's skin should not op
erate to his advantage or disadvantage in
an appointment or; a removal from of
fice."". President Roosevelt apparently In
tends to apply the same rule at his din
ner table. - . . •
Dispatches received here from the South
to-night show that there is great excite
ment among the President's new political
friends over the fact that he had a black
man to dinner. Southern members of Con
gress who are here criticize the President,
but no one will permit the use of -his name
In connection with these criticisms, i One
of them, a Representative from? Louisiana,
said that this dinner incident would undo
all the good the President" \u25a0 had accom
plished In appointing v former Governor
Jones United. States Judge for Alabama.
Cleveland Caught a Fish
Wlth\a, pole,, which was very clever of
him. But to j catch' it with one of our
Premo, Poco or ' Eastman Cameras while
It .was jumping, in the -stream would be a
much more gratifying, feat. TVe sell- all
photographic supplies i at • fairest prices.
Sanborn, Vair& Co., 741 Market street. •
COLOGNE. Oct. 17.-A dispatch to the
Gazette from Sofia says that Dickinson,
the American Consul General at Constan
tinople, who has been active in trying to
secure the release of Miss Stone, the
American missionary, has discovered that
the' brigands who captured her are tools
of the. Macedonian committee. He has
therefore resolutely refused to pay any
ransom and has asked the Bulgarian Gov
ernment to arrest the chief Instigators of
the abduction. Several Influential mem
bers of the Macedonian committee" have
already been arrested.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 17.— As no
news has bee.n received here from Messrs.
Baird and Haskell, the missionaries who
have been attempting to get into toucn
with the brigands who abducted Miss
Ellen M. Stone; a third missionary has
been dispatched in quest of them and the
brigands. - . . • ••
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Rev. Charles
Creegan, secretary of .the American board,
announced to-day that a Mr. Ingram of
Eau Claire'. Wls., had offered to be one
of ten to pay the $50,000 required to com
plete the ransom fund for Miss Stone.
Creegan also said he had received a tele
gram- from Washington from Rev. T. De
Witt Talmage, offering to be one of fifty
to pay 51000 each to complete the fund.
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
President's Compliments
to a Negro Causes
Indignation.
Macedonian Committee
Charged With Re
cent Outrage.
CONSUL UNVEILS
BANDITS' PLOT
DINNER STIRS
SOUTHERN IRE
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The "madonna
pose" is something new in photo
graphic art. It originated In Oak
land and has been made the latest
and most fashionable : - style -of
photograph by trie young matrons of this
city.
The old masters devoted their greatest
works to the picturing of the mother and
the child, andt those ladies of this city in
Norway's Minister Meets Roossvelt.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.-Assi3tant.Sec
retary of State Adee to-day presented to
the President. Mr. Grip, the Minister of
Norway and Sweden to the United States,
and Bishop von Scheele, who Is visiting
in this country.
possible copie3 of the great madonna
paintings of old. and many have availed
themselves of the true art work of the
camera of the present day. A little ex
hibition of this v/ork has been opened by
F. A. "Webster, the originator.
Mrs. Peter C Allen (nee Sharon) was
the first to appreciate and perpetuate the
new photographic idea. Since then It has
been adopted by many of the younger ma
trons of Oakland, and the collection is
growing rapidly.
whose eyes the new fancy has found favor
see no reason why the young mother and
child of the present day should not pose
for the new art of the camera as they did
for the old art of the brush and colors
of the days of long ago. And s>o it has
come that no collection of treasured pho
tographs is complete without the happy
addition cf the "madonna pose" of some'
warm and personal friend who has been
made happy by the stork's first visit.
These new poses are made as nearly as
MRS. PETER C. ALLEN AND HER CHILD, PHOTOGRAPHED IN THE "MADONNA POSE." THE IDEA HAS DE
VELOPED INTO A GENUINE FAD AMONG THE TOUNG MATRONS OP OAKLAND AND AN EXHIBITION OF
MADONNA PICTURES IS BEING HELD BY WEBSTER. .
The following divorces were granted
yesterday: \u25a0 Mary Chlesa from ! John
Chlesa, extreme cruelty; Catherine R.
Kennedy, from William J. Kennedy, de
sertion. . • . /\u25a0
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Hunt's Suspicions Aroused.
The suit for divorce instituted by' Mary
Jane Brrd against Joseph Byron Bird was
ordered off the calendar by Judge Hunt
yesterday for the 'reason that a letter
purporting to come from Bird, who is sup
posed to be in Tacoma, was not accomnn
nied by an affidavit showing that it had
been written by him. Judge Hunt stated
that he. feared there was collusion anH
that he would not hear the case 'until
evidence was submitted to prove that
Bird had been properly summoned and
was desirous of allowing his wife to ae
cure a decree by default. . ,
Southern Pacific Excursion to Soutfc
. . , ern California.
Leave Third and Townsend (special)
Monday, Oct. 21st, 8:30 a. m. Arrive Santa
Barbara 7:30 p. m. Remain there night
Stopovers where desired. Return by San
Joaquln or Coast. Division. $15 to Los An
geles and return, $19 50 San Diego and re
turn. Office 613 Market street.
Mrs. Mary Jones Disputes Mrs. Lucy
Carter's Claim of Right to Run
the Palmerlee.
A temporary order restraining Mrs. Lucy
C. Carter from disposing of the Palmer
lee ledging-house at 133 Ellis street was
Issued by Judge Sloss yesterday. The or
der also restrains Mrs. Carter from, dis
bursing the receipts of the hotel until the
ownership thereof Is decided.
Mrs. Carter and F. King, upon a re
quest made by Mary O. Jones, who claims
to be the owner of the hotel, have been
cited to show cause on October 22 why a
receiver should not be appointed.
Mrs. Jones owes Mrs. Carter $2500 o/i a
chattel mortgage, tut claims that Mrs.
Carter, by threatening her with a pistol,
compelled her to execute a bill of gale
for the Palmerlee, promising when she
secured It not to record it, but simply to
hold the document as security for the
loan. - . -
Mrs. Jones now alleges that the promise
has not been kept and she further alleges
that Mrs. Carter executed a fraudulent
chattel mortgage on the property to King
with the intention to defraud her.
She alleges still further that she Is
ready to pay the $2500 and asks that a re
ceiver be appointed pending the suits to
determine ownership.
Most men get married before they are
old enough to know better.
If a rehearing of the case is granted n.
special session of the Board of Railroad
Commissioners will in all probability be
called. In the Le Blanc case Commis
sioners E. B. Edson and C. B. Laumeistpr
voted for the reduction, while Commis
sioner Blackstock voted for the retention
of the old schedule. ., reien V on
,The Southern Pacific Company filed
a petition yesterday for a rehearing
in the Le Blanc case, In which the Kail
road Commissioners decided that a re
duction should be made in the rate for
the transportation of oil from Bakersfield
to ihis city from 42 cents to 37.8 cents per
barrel. In the petition filed the railroad
company alleges that the evidence in the
Le Blanc case was insufficient to warrant
the finding that the cost to the railroad
company of transporting crude petroleum
from Bakersfleld to this city is 33 6 cents
per barrel, and that such cost is less on
its respective lines from points north of
Bakersfleld to San Francisco; secondly
that the evidence is insufficient to iustifv
the finding that the net profit on the
transportation of crude petroleum from
Bakersfield to this city af 42. cents ner
barrel Is 8.4 cents per barrel; third that
the evidence Is insufficient to warrant thp
finding that a rate of 37.8 cents per barrel
for transportation from Bakersfleld to this
city would be a reasonable, fair and just
Alleges That the Rate Fixed for
Transportation of Oil Is Not
Remunerative.
RAILROAD COMPANY SEEKS
TO SECURE A REHEARING
Mrs. Pinther. Misses Regan, Devlin. Kelly.
Ford and Cleary.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, assisted by Mr?. P. J.
White. Mrs. McKinstry. Mrs. Slevln, Mrs.
Pescia, Mrs. Roblnscn, Mrs. Driscoll.
Mrs. Louphborcugh. assisted bv Mrs. Carroll,
Mrs. J. F. Sullivan. Mrs. J. J. Tobln, Mrs. But
ters and Miss L. Harvey.
Mrs. John A. Lenncn and Mrs. M. Foley, as-
Fisted by Miss Florence O'Connor, Miss Alice
O'Connor. Miss Gertrude Lennon and Miss
Marie Lennon.
Mrs. James O'Brien. Miss Glynn, Mrs. James
Shea. Mrs. A. Farrell. Mrs. Tirey L. Ford.
Mrs. E. F. Murray, assisted by Mies L. O.
Taylor. Miss C. Byington, Miss Angela Sulli
van and Miss Clara Keoeh.
Flcuer Booth— Miss O'Dea. Mrs. Baxbat, Mies
Bradley, Miss Riordan, assisted by Miss Clara
O'Brien, Miss Mary Coyle, Mise Tessle Riordan.
Miss Florence O'Connor, Miss Mary Quigley,
Mies Tessie Culligan and Miss Katherine
O'Dea.
Refreshment Booth— Mrs. M. A. Connolly, as
sisted by Mrs. Frank T. Shea. Mrs. Frank TI1I
maa, Mrs. Vf. H. Powers. Mrs. J. G. Martin,
Mrs. Mary Young, Mrs. Albert Burns. Mrs. -M.
Lynch, Mrs. D. C. Martin. Miss Susie Martin,
WOMEN" QUARREL OVEB
OWNERSHIP OF HOTEL
The Immaculate Conception booth will be In
charge of the officers of tne society; president.
Miss Agnes Connolly; vice president. Miss
Louise Geany; secretary. Miss May McKinley;
treasurer. Miss Annie Curley. These will be
assisted by the following members of the- So
dality, who have volunteered to be actively en
gaged at the bazaar: The Misses Margaret
O'Malley. Helen CMalley, Pauline Ivancovich,
Mary McCarthy. Mary Holehan, Frances Auld,
Catherine Mahoney, Katie Rattigan, Emma
O'Leary. Marion Hennessy, Mary Hurley, An
nie A. Brown. Kathryne Sanderson, M. Steven
son, A, Dillon, M. SUllivan. Catherine Woods,
Immaculate Conception. Booth.
Toung Ladies' Institute Booth — Grand Presi
dent Miss A. M. Potthoff, Grfnd Past President
Mrs. D. F. Magan, Miss Ella M. Comyns, Miss
Mary I. Wynne and Mrs. M. A. Nagle, assisted
by Grand Organizers Mrs. J. P. Sweeney and
Mrs George Richardson Grand First Vice
President Miss M. Stein, Past Grand Director
Miss Kate Conklin, Grand Directors Miss Mary
Donovan,- Mrs. K. V. Doyle, Mrs. A. Devine,
Mrs. X. T. Fleming. Mrs. S. Garvin. Mr3.
Agnes Grace, Miss Marie Haggerty, Mrs. M.
Hill, Mrs. M. Mulqueerey. Miss Mary E. Sulli
van, Miss Mary I. Wynne, Mrs.j M. .Peacock,
president Young Ladies' Institute No. 1; Miss
A. Xyhan, past president Toung Ladies' Insti
tute Xo. 1; Miss Katherine Layton, president
Toung Ladies' Institute No. 2; Miss Anna Gill,
president Young Ladies' Institute No. 3; Miss
Josephine Shea, president Young La
dies' Institute Xo. 7; Mrs. Nettie
Keating, president Toung Ladies' In
stitute Xo. 16; Mrs. A. Devine, past presi
dent Young Ladles' Institute No. 3); Mrs.
Elizabeth Moore, president Young Ladles' In
stitute Xo. 20; Miss A. M. Potthoff, chairman;
Miss Ella M. Comyns, treasurer; Josephine T.
Molloy, secretary, Loyola Hall, Market and
Tenth streets.
St. Elizabeth Sewing Society— Mrs. W. M.
Brison, president: Mrs. J. D. Ford, vice presi
dent; Miss Gaillard, secretary; Miss M. M.
Driscoll, treasurer; Mrs. Ahem, Mrs. A. Bride,
Mrs. Carvill. Mrs. Cogan Mrs. Derrick,. Miss
Durkee, Mrs. Glecson, Mrs. Gallgaher, Miss
Gallagher. Mrs. Golding. Mrs. M. A. Kennedy,
Miss L. Knorp. Miss E. Kearney, Miss M.
Harvey, Miss MV J. Murphy. Miss M. Murphy,
Mrs. Ley, Miss Mitchell, Miss Maher, Mrs.
Payson. Mrs. J. O'Gara. Mrs. R. E. Queen,
Miss E. Queen. Mrs. T. Riordan. Mrs. J.
Rourke. MIes M. A. Schmidt. Mrs. M: Nolan,
Mrs. M. C. Ward, Miss C. White.
Mrs. L. Pawllcki. assisted by Miss Robbins,
Miss "Kleineberg. Mrs. Havens. Miss Augusta
Ames, Miss Touhill. Miss Tighe, Miss Lillian
Sullivan.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Miss Bessie Martin. Miss Anita Martin, Miss
Claire Hampton, Mrs. P. 6hain. Miss Celle
Young. Miss Sadie Wafer, Miss A. F. McDon
nell. Miss Minnie Monahan and Mrs. A. Bride.
Ice Cream Booth— Mrs. M. A. .Connolly and
assistants.
Soda Water Booth— Mrs. M. A. Connolly and
assistants.
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society— Mrs. MV H.
Smith, Mrs. Derrick, Mrs. Fortune, Miss
Mitchell. Miss Anna Davis. Mrs. Peckham,
Miss Byrne, Mrs. Dunn, Miss Ryan, Miss
O'Leary and many others.
The trouble between the water company
and the city of . Oakland has been Incu
bating for a long while, and a racy and
warm argument is promised when the
matter of making the injunction perma
nent comes up in the United States Cir
cuit Court. . .- :\u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0..•\u25a0\u25a0 •
Another phase in the litigation between
the Contra Costa Water Company and the
city of Oakland was developed yesterday,
when Attorney Samuel Knight filed in the
United States Circuit Court a motion for
a restraining order. Judge Morrow there
upon issued an order requiring the legal
representatives of the city of Oakland to
appear in court November 4 and show
cause why an injunction should not issue
restraining them from passing, enacting
or approving any resolution or ordinance
taking or attempting to take or approv
ing -of any action or steps looking to the
transfer to the general fund of such mu
nicipality any money or moneys belonging
to the police, fire, sewer, street or park
funds thereof.
Judge Morrow Issues a Restraining
Order by Request of tho .Water
Company. ' *^ , .; : . - .
CITY OF OAKLAND MUST
NOT TRANSFER FUNDS
Bassos— D. C. Deasy, Cornelius Deasy, George
Haywards. H. M. Simmons, William Judge,
Frank Fenton. B. L. McKinley, John Wilson,
Alexander McGeorge, M. Kent, assisted by the
Knickerbocker Quartet. Messrs. Williams, El
liott, Crane and Larsen.
Cathedral Mandolin Club— The Misses Agatha
Cotter. Sabina Reno, Louise Heyfron, Christine
Barr, Louise Rivas, Gertrude Wallace, Maggie
Keenan. Abble Lundy, May Dermody,' Edna
Schmaling, Ida Doherty, Katie Brady, Isabella
Buckley, Alice Donohue, A. Connolly, M. Ratti
gan. A. Sullivan, A. Thomas. E. Roberts, • A.
Hlattery, F. Madden. Loretta Barr, M. O'Brien,
N. Solen.
Violins— The Misses S. Eaton, J. Marks, E.
Kane and L. McColgan.
Cello— Miss S. Rouleau. Guitar— Miss P
Ivancovich.
Accompanyists— The Misses JC. Rattigan and
N. Con very.
Altos— The Misses A. Sullivan, A. Connolly,
J. Bertand, M. Hennessey, M. Quinn, Sue
Healey.
Tenors — Messrs. E. J. Burns, W. J. Rattl
gan, W. J. Solen, James Giffney.
Cathedral choral sopranos — The Misses ' J.
Cunningham, K. Dunne, E. Conway, B. Mur
phy. M. Eagles, A. Eagan,, M. McCarthy, M.
Mitchell, M. Pauba, A. Victora, M. Koopman,
M. Cook, al. O'Donnell, C. Farrell, M. Otto,
I. Coliins, Kate SulMvan, P. Ivancovlch, Mar
garet Brougham, Florence Schaage, Constance
Paullison.
Musical Contributors.
The Cathedral Chronicle— Rev. Philip O'Kyan,
manager; William R. Moore, assistant man
ager; Thomas F. Prendergast, editor. Editorial
staff — James P. Donahue, Sidney P. RobertBon,
Frank T. Shea, James H. Scanlon, Edward F.
Moran, Joseph S. Jordan. Special contributors
—Rev. James McDonald, Edward F. Cahill,
Thomas Nunan, Mrs. K. M. Nestfleld, C. H.
Jessen. R. E. White, E.. J. Llvernash, Joseph
Cassell, Frederick O'Brien, Wallace Irwln,
Judge Murasky, Al Murphy. Artists — H. A.
Igoe. W. A. Coulter, WT J. Kelly. J. A. Cahill.
Committee of management— James K. Cos
grove, J. W. Flinn, F. T.Shea, R. G. Green,
R. G. Harrison. A. F. Coserove, J. J. Glldea,
P. Boland, Pedro Gomez, W. Chester Keogh,
Arthur Dollard, W. F. White, Sidney Robert
son. H. J. Hunter, P. W. Morrissey. Benjamin
L. McKinley, J. J. Cassidy, \u25a0William Humphrey,
J. J. Malloy. Martin J. O'Dea, Captain W. C.
Hopper, Company A, League of the Cross
Cadets; Lieutenant P. McCarthy, Company A.;
Lieutenant J. Wilson, Company A; Sergeant
George Thompson and all the members of Com
pany A. League of the Cross Cadets,- assisted
by a number of youne: ladles.
The shooting gallery will be in charge ot the
following committee from Cathedral Council
No. 59 of the Young Men's Institute:. Edward
Dollard, Louis Kelly.. Neal Power, Joseph Mc-
Cuska, Pedro Gomez. P. McCarthy, William
A. CLearv. J. MoCormlck, J. B. Feehan,
Chester Keo=h.
Shooting G-allery.
N\ Besby, C. Besby, M. Denny, N. Larney,
K. B. Byrne, J. Burns, M. H. Dempsey, Jo
hanna Egan, Josie Quill, May Cooper, L. Mc-
Donald, M. Leonard. A. Giblin, Ida HiggSns.
Mary Coen, Agnes Henneberry. Kathryn
Shields, Delia. Fahy, Mary Cook, Mary Eagles,
Margaret Quinn, Mary Koopman, Eva Conway,
Matilda Pauba, Mr. Kearney, K .Kearney, M.
Xee. X. Schiller, A. O'Connor. Esther J. O'Con
nor, Jennie Mitchell. Annie Gallagher. M. Me-
Dermott. Gertrude Barren, Margaret Geany,
Agnes Mulroney, M. Quill, Grace Hartnell,
Annie Fay.
The Sodality will be assisted by Past Presi
dent Mrs. G. Cosgrove. Miss Eliza. McClain,
Mary Scoles, Margaret Kearney. Margaret Big
gins,. Roselle McClain,. Mrs. Alice Moran,. Mrs.
M. Barnum. . - • '
Children of Mary's booth— The Misses Violet
Jacobs. Ina Collins, Sarah Reilly, Lizzie Brad
ley, Maggie Flinn. Katie Klinn, Camille Byrne,
May Dermody, May Barry, Aimee Barry,
Agatha Cotter. Anna Cotter, Helen Goyhenelx,
Florence Murphy, Cesca • Rogers, Etta Talbot,
Irene Otto, Queenie Mulroney, Irene White.
May Kelly. Evelyn 'Williams. Addle Buckley,
Nellie O'Brien, Clarisa Culllgan, Grace Wil
liams," May O'Donnell, Mabel Meade, Annie
Buckley, Theresa Ryan, Letha Beauchamp,
Leonle McColgan. Viola Clark. .Mary Sands,
Irma Geisting, Goldle Hahn, Marguerite Gow
an, Eva Jackson.
In the indorsement of various municipal
candidates for p.'ection there was little op
position. The following candidates were
indorsed:
Mayor, Eugene Schmltz; Auditor, John H.
Wise; Recorder, ICdmond Godchaux; Treasurer,
S. H. Brooks: City Attorney, Franklin K.
Lane; Police Judges, C. T. Conlan and F. P.
Haynea; Public Administrator, John Farnham;
Coroner, Dr. • Thomas W. B. Leland.
Supervisors — S. Braunhart, John T. Ahem,
W. J. Wynn. Dr. A. A. D"Ancona, H. U. Bran
denstein. Charles Boxton, John Connor, P. J.
Curtis, Lawrence J. Dwyer, Alfred Llllenfeld,
William N. McCarthy. J. P.' Booth, James M.
Wilkins, F. W. Bent, A. Com to . Jr., John
Lynch, William George, Percy Beamish.
A resolution vas adopted to continue
the executive committee of the conven
tion in existence indefinitely; as was an
other empowering the chairman- to ap
point a campaign committee for service
during the campaign. The convention
then adjourned sine die.
The Morehouse wing of the Non-Parti
san Municipal League convention met at
B'nai B'rith Hall last night and com
pleted its work of indorsing a municipal
ticket. Inasmuch as it was announced
that there would be no meeting because
of a. factional split which prompted Na
than Bibo and Emanuel A. Lorenzo to call
a meeting at 1605 Polk 1 street for to-night,
some exciting developments were looked
for. With the exception of some severe
criticism of the course of the two gentle
men nampd and the «.xpulsion-of I*orenzo
for conduct unbecoming a gentleman and
a member of the convention the proceed
ings •were quite tame.
Chairman H. V. Morehouse said the con
vention would continue to do business at
the old stand notwithstanding the efforts
of Bibo and Lorenzo to the contrary. A.
B. .Treadwell followed, with a strong de
nunciation of Lorenzo's private and pub
lic character, the result being a motion
for his expulsion, which prevailed.- * •
Emanuel A. Lorenzo Expelled From
the Convention for Conduct Un
becoming a Member.
NON-PARTISANS INDORSE
MUNICIPAL CANDIDATES
SOME OF THE LADIES INTER
ESTED IN THE BAZAAR WHICH
OPENS TO-MORROW NIGHT.
"The manner in which candidates for
election to Government offices are spoken
of tends to weaken the Government. Nu
merous utterances of personal abuse have
been made that are far beyond all de
cency. Whoever recklessly, unjustly and
falsely accuses an honest man in public
office-is, in kind at least, as. much of a
wretch as the man. who took the life of
the President. I have jio pessimistic
views as to the future of our country."
"But I think that the sentiments of the
American \u25a0 people are all on the side of
preserving the Government and its au
thority. The task will be to keep alive
that love of government always. One of
the great difficulties is the disrespect that
is altogether too prevalent, and this dis
respect is not always confined to news
paper men who pander to that low taste
that wishes to hear evil of others. This
is followed by amateurs in other walks
of life. There is a serious lack of respect
for the Government.
At 8:30 o'clock Judge Shaw rapped for
order and introduced Supreme Court Jus
tice T.B.' McFarland, who, he said, would
address the meeting upon a subject of his
own choosing. Justice ; McFarland . was
greeted with loud applause, and said in
part:
"While I was not given any subject
upon which to speak, it has occurred to
me that recent events present a great
danger which our profession may do niuch:
toward averting— a danger which appears
to be. threatening- our Government, which
recognizes the political equality of the
people. The danger is in the exaggera
tion of freedom and equality.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17.— The second
semi-annual dinner of the Los Angeles
Bar Association was held this evening- in
the Del Monte. It was one of the most
successful meetings in the history of the
organization, both in numbers and in rep
resentation of the legal profession, local
and throughout the State. The associa
tion had as Its distinguished guests the
Justices of the Supreme Court, now hold
ing a session in this city. There were
present Judges of the Superior Court from
surrounding counties and several attor
neys from other States visiting: in the city!
When coffee had been served; President
Shaw proposed a silent toast to the mem
ory 6f the beloved President of the United
States who had just suffered an untimely
deajn. . v ..•\u25a0*;\u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Display of Disrespect for the
.Nation's Chief Becoming
» Too Prevalent.
Justice McFarland Says
It Is a Menace to Our
Government.
JURIST SCORES
YELLOW PRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
11
The ftadonna Pose Tepidly Finds Favor and Camera
Mrtists Are Hade Correspondingly Happy.
. - " v "t ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . < ;.. . " " .».
YOUNG MATRONS OF OAKLAND
INDULGE IN PHOTOGRAPHIC FAD
rianagers Prepare a Delightful Programme of Vocal
and Instrumental Music for Opening Night
GRAND BAZAAR AT THE PAVILION
IN AID OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL
Patrons— Mrs. M. A. Tobln, assisted by Mrs
Maurice Casey, Mrs. Walter E. Dean. Miss
Tobln. Miss Celie Tobln. Mrs. R. Kavanagh
Miss Hager. Mips Ethyl Ha«er. Miss Dlnan
THE SCIENTISTS ABE
ALL AGOG!
MRS. PIPEE, great medium,
CONFESSES.
Read her own story in '
NEXT SUNDAY'S CAIX".
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flGFRUNE
Cereal
A delicious food
drink, which,, as a table
beverage, is preferable to
coffee and tea.
The nutritive and delic-
ious properties of California
figs, prunes and grains arc
retained by our special pro-
cess of manufacture and
are fully extracted by —
boiling «%^
from 5 to f*l/L*/ \
10 minutes g «-* * ' ° \
only, I r C u o U I
At ah \ 4*0/0 y
Grocers. \Orains/^
DR.MEYERS&CO, J|pli%
Specialist. Disease W§iBs$ ws
and weakness of tifeygrf ?
men. established
1SS1. Consultation T(t| / *^ft K?[
and private book x?«t I
free, at office or by «^3S*««
anteed. 7U1 Mar- r&Z&^'fW
ket street (eleva- . >SV r^SiS&ttil '
tor entrance), San "Ja^/_^"flSi^
j£fe IB|| A Rifles. Ammunition. TUh -
fl n 9 I ill Ti. lns Goods - Larrest Stock.
3 «l IIhb B Lowest Prlc es- Send tor
M* W S Va tw|JCatatoKU« and Job Sheet.
.«* W \u25a0 W W SHMyS ft BABBXB CO.
739 Market. Sll Kearny
Weak Men and Women
i OHOULD CSB DAMIASA BITTERS THE
O great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 strength to sexual organs. Depot, 33 MarktL
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EOSTON'S BARBER
REGTTLATION3
Board cf Health. Orders Sterilization
of All That Barbers Use on
Customers.
A special dispatch from Boston, Hay 5,
:&00. to the X. T. Sun gives as new reg-
ulations of the Boston Board of Health
as to barber shops: "Mugs, shaving
brushes and razors shall be sterilized
after each separate use thereof. A separ-
ate, clean towel shall be used for each
pt-rpon. Material to stop the flow of blood
fir-rll be used only in powdered form and
applied on a towel. Powder puffs are pro-
hibited." Wherever Newbro's Herpiclde
is used for face or scalp after shaving or
hair cutting there is no danger, as it is
antiseptic and kills the dandruff germ.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
1 "THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
i Everything that tends to
] speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths tor this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY4J0NDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
/ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESP1C ; New York, E. FOUdERA & CO.
£CU> SY ALL DRUGGISTS.-;•\u25a0"' • \u25a0 .' ' \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:/. \u25a0 *\u25a0':\u25a0'• • \u25a0 '\u25a0 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1 8, 1901.
12
t SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Franctsco
C«!l. corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. ra.
SCO Hayes ctreet ; open until 9:38 p..m.
CCS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m-
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IHl Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eccond and Ken- j
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
" CHURCH -_ SERVICES.-
SPECIAL Notfre— The conference for Bible
study is now going 03 in City Hall Square
meeting hall. Meetings 10 a. m.. 3 p m. and
S p. m. daily. Public invited. 17 City Hall
square. Scats free.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. J. K. <*_S_^
T 8 Post st.— Regular assembly '1HIS .rsi
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. (Uj
All traters cordially invited. • By order V S'
of the lina!rcerjt Commander.
MIKAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge Xo. 22. F. and A. H
M-THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at jp%^
7:S0 o'clock. Third Degree. • Master foX
Masons cordially invited. By or ier of ' '
th.e VI'. ML .
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lcdee No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) J^,-
E VEXING, at 7:30 o" clock. Second De- TK 3C
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary; /^r
DORIC LODGE No. 216, F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) Jfc
EVENING, at 7:25 o'clock. Third JiL3\
de-sree Master Masons are invited. ' »
By order tf tfae Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
APCLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F. — Double initiation THIS (FRI-
DAY) NIGHT. Meir.oriaJ Hall. 8
o'clock. Visitors cordially invited. n \.
FRANK V. COX. N. G.
W. F. XORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
BAN FHANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. ' ,„
O T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer feftiWiia
Hall. 24 Fourth ft. Iw^Stf
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper. i
REGIXAR meeting and nomination A KS" >^
of officers of the Caledonian Club 3\ CbwJ
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. Scot- "^Mtss
to* Han. n™pJSkmm cSeT
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ce'.ved applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calaveras Mining. Water
end Power Company, in the Johnston and
Scott Hill mines, near San Andreas. Calaveras
t'ountv, to dej>osit tailings In "Willow Creek:
from Charles Hilton, In the Calvaritas Hill
mine, at Calvaritas, Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining into O'Neill
end San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal and A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine.
In Tuba County, near Bangor, to deposit tail-
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives notice that
n rr.eetir.g will be held in room 69. Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal.. on October 28,
3S01. at 1:30 p. m. ,
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
ftoekhclders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
rsny. 3T7 Market St.. in the City and County
ct San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. in. for the purpose of amend-
ing Faction 2 of article II of the by-laws anfl
may come before the meeting. Transfer books !
will close on Saturday, October 12. 1501. at 12 i
o'clock noon. By order of the president. I
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary. j
AGE.VTS WAITED. J
4GEST8 vuted^-uie ot McKinley. 508 paTeT: i
bp?t book: 100 illustrations; outfit free; eem-
pWe book, ready for delivery- S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland Or.
WANTED — t or 5 good lady or gent canvassers
on salary or commission at once. Call at
17 Koffn-.::n ave. '
Al AGENTS in every town for McKinley sou-
venir pieturPF; fast sellers; sample 7c in post-
agc. KAGENS & CO.. SOS California St.. S. F.
AGENTS — You can now get "McKinley" books
from R. R. PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery .st.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy In-
far-.ts. Dr. Em'.lie Fur.ke.H16 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTLM ROOFIXG*.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflng. sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11SC Mission; tel. Fo'.scm 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PKOF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 5Cc: by mail, 50c. lies Market 6t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314 1
Montgomery Et. — Divorces, private; fees low; j
proba-ting; bankrui.tcy; collections; suits; |
titles pcriected; documents drawn ; mortgages ; |
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on 1100. P. H. TKAVERS. evenings, 418'^ Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- j
lfctior»s;attachmcnts; mortgages; bills of sale; i
partnerships ;deeds;wills drawn; fees low;open ]
tve's. THURSTCX, lOOSy. Mkt., r. 4. opi>. 5th. '
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick \
quiet; r.o charge without success; collections, i
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared: charge low; eslb. I
IS >"ars. Att}\ G. W. HOWE. SS3 Market st. i
ADVICE free: no chargre unless successful. W. ;
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE fro*; moderate fee if successful; offlce
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. S27 Market.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOAnCIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Schoolgirl to board; refined private !
family; best care; terms reasonable. 1023 Me- !
Allibter st. - .
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
thrfe children: low terms. 1C07 California st.
BOOKS XEW A.VD OLD.
BOOKS cf every kind bought. Tel. Red 29S6.
HOLMES KOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st,
BUREAU TRUNKS.
THUNKS cf every description at bedrock
priceg. Factory and falesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES. I
A— $12^3; BAKERY and restaurant: established
for years; do;ng a firs=t-clasb paying business.
Call K. G. W1LKE, 26Vi Kearny st.
A-?iS00; DAKERY in Western Addition; estab-
llfched 20 years; rent $45; 1. horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels ptr day.
Particuifcrs It. <j. WILKE. 26V& Kearuy st.
A— $000; RESTAURANT and house;
ladies' rooms; daily receipts about $43; rent I
M>; best location. Tenderloin district. Call '
it. G. \u25a0VY1LKK,. 26>i Kearny st. i
A— $100; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent |
125; good business; must be sold at once; !
owner accepted Government position. Cail i
_J^G._WILKE, 2J! /2 Kearny st. :
A^-fUS: PARTNER wanted in g-ood paying •
*^V*," r £ llt cn water front - Ca " R- G.
W1LKE, L'C',1' Kearny st.
A-HC00: COFFEE -saloon and* lunch room in
wholesale- district: no xent; daily receipts
A-I33 r '; DELICACY and pork store, with ~3
living rooms; rent $H; business established
years an^ .-caring above J103 per month. Call
It. G. \\ ILjvE. LCV4 Kearny st. \
A-OIG.Ui gtand ncttins $4 daily sacrifice on
KSSff ££££ Ayk HEL>OES B */s- »°
A— IF you went «i business, one that will pay
£250 iier mcrth irom the start, tee HEDGES
BROfc.. 41.; Parrott building. *T
FOR sale — A well-fitted up saloon on Market
tt.; on account of dceth will be sold at a bar-
Fain; no agents. Apply McLEOD iz HATJE
£13 Market st.
CHOP hou&e at a fireat sacrifice; price $12i-
clearing 1100 a month; muet be sold at once
- McBRIDE & CO.. Si3 Market st.
B8OWN & ODELL. 41 Third St.— If you want
to f-ell cr exchange your business or lodging-
houfce Uct It with us. Phone Red 3313.
BALOOff: 3 11 new fitted un; good stock; rent
M5; good business; must s-ell; leaving city; in-
vestlgat... MITCHELL & CO., 120S Market st.
$300— RKSTAURAXT: chance to fret bargain-
part down; pood location. DONALD McRAE*
W Mission st.
IF you wish to sell or purchase a business se«
FARSHMAX & GUST. JTS Third st.
WOOD end coal yard; central; fine horses and
ns«u: established 45 years; clears $300 mo.;
whole or half; great bargain. 31 Kearny st.
5500— STOCK and fixtures of Jewelry store in
heart of city: repair trade a specialty; rood
recusens for selling. Address box 1254, Call.
DEXTIST-Flne country practice: will sacri-
fice if taken^ Immediately. Box 1252. Call.
ESTABLISHED fruit store for saleT gooi
_ traae. 28 Franklin st. .
FOR eal<> cheap— Well furnished restaurant.
Call at €19 Montgomery et.
5 ' ~~ZZH ~ — ~ —
SALOON for eale. £( Jackson st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 "Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
WILSON buys kinds of household yood3.
1710 Market: tel. Soutrr. 413.-
A. . WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp. 92S Howard St..
tel. Jessie 1122: furniture, merchandise boughu
A. L. STORRS! 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2752: highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before «2llins furniture, car-
l>ets. r.lanns. etc. QI-TAS. LEW. 1135 Market.
JJLOVES.
D. & F. new SI glove, retailed at factory price,
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grar.t ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 1S5
HOLb.Li UJj;i*Airi'MKN'l' ..'.
2 waitresses, same country- hotel....'". $20
Waitress, small country hotel (wash nap-
kins) ....$25
Waitress and chambermaid, same country
hotel ; i $20
Waitress and assist chambermaids, short
distance $20
Chambermaid and waitress. cSty...A $23
, 2. restaurant waitresses ! $30
Laundress, country hotel, short way $25
itestuuiant cook, no pastry, no dishwash-
ing $10 week
Hotel cook, country $35
2 chambermaids, city hotels $17 50, J18
..." Family department r
Cock and second girl S30,-$S0
. Hovegirl, Bakersfteld, see party here $30
jHouseglrl, no wash, country, fare paid )20
' Numerous other nice places for housegirls,
cooks, second girls, etc; best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT \u25a0
Head waitress, $30; 12 waitresses, city and
. country hotels, $20 and J25-; 4 chambermaids
to wait, $20 and $22 50; 2 women \u25a0 cooks, $40
and *30.. .-
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks. Belvedere, $30; second girl, {25; sec-
ond girl, $20,. country, fare paid; 2 housegirls,
country, *20. lara raid; many choice places,
city and country. MRS. M. E. DAY person-
ally in charge, 335 Ueary st.
WANTED— 3 laundresses, $23 to $30: German or
Scandinavian cock icr sanitaiium, $>u; 4
cooks. German style, i25, $30: 'Z cooks for
Oakland, $25: rock and second girl, same
house, Alameda, Jf). *2b; -i restaurant wait-
resses, $6, $7 weef: 3 nurse girls, 515; cook
I for men, country. f 23; 4 second girls; $20, $25;
j parlor maid. ?25; general houssv/crk, Belve-
1 uere, sec- party here. 52^: ail k.nds of house-
york, city and country: cafll early at J. F.
! CKOSETT & CO.'S, 31G Sutter st
A— PLAIN waitress for' children's dining-
room 'in institution short d. stance in coun-
. try, $25 per month, with board, lodging and
laundry. AV. D. EV.'ER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A-2 EXPERIENCED girls for, painting and
labeling cans, $7 50 week. MURRAY &-
HliAUlf, 6B4-13G Clay St.
WANTED— First-class finisher on ladies' tailor-
mnde jackets. Apply M. ROTHCHILD, 528
Sutter st.
WANTED— Nursegirl to. take care of 1 child;
wages $12; must sleep home. Call at 816 Sut-
ter St., room 13.
WANTED— Young girl to help take care of
b*by: sleep home. Apply 1442 O'Farrell st,
between 8 and 1:30, or G to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Girl, 14 to 16, to assist in care of 2
children and light work. 403 Fair Oaka st,
corner Tv.-enty-fifth.
WANTED— A bookkeeper: state references, ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box 1255,
Call office.
: MIDDLE-AGED woman, no incumbrance, good
U plain cock, as working housekeeper; small
Mjvages. -907 Folsom st.. near Fifth.
I WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
I tween 8 and 10:3ft a. m. HALE BROS.. Inc.
GOOD seamstress. Apply between S and 10:30
a. m. HALE BROS., Inc.
| EXPERIENCED glove makers. CARSON
| GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
I GIRLS and boys for bindery. GABRIEL. 413
Sacramento st.
WANTED-Helper at dressmaking. MME. A.
I W1UTNER. 110 Mason st.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1512 Octavia st
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; wages $7
a week. 7 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl for errands and light housework
wanted at 692 McAllister st. .
WAITRESS wanted. Excelsior Restaurant.
217 Sixth st. .
GIRL for second work; must be good sewer;
$20. 1G74 Washington st .
WANTED— First-class saleslady to take charge
of skirt department. Box 1103, Call offlce.
EXCELLENT cook and housekeeper. 2514
Mission st.
WANTED— Waitress in restaurant. 40G Pacific
street.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Competent girl to do general house-
work and cooking. 13S Twelfth st.
GIRL for housework; small washing; good
cook. 1010 Dclores st.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 32i.i
Freinont. fit.: good wages; iid experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a lew bright girls about 1C
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks: manicur-
ing & facial massage' included; course $5: po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. ,.S. F. College, 233 Geary st, room 15.
GIRLS H to IS years old; clean, pleasant work
at knitting mill. GANTNER & MATTERN.
1017 Hyde st.
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine: also / operator on women's waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212-1214
' Market et.
EXPERIENCED operators on nptrligee shirts;
steady work; best )>rlc?s>. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 2? Jessie st, 5th floor.
"WANTED— Young girl, German preferred, as-
sist with children; wages $10; sleep home.
1412 Washington st. ; fare paid.
LADY nurse wishes a lady assistant; good
Jiiome and fair pay to right party; state ace.
Box U-06, Call office.
YOUNG lady to do office work and typewriting-
wages $4 per week to begin with. Box 1217.'
Call office.
GIRL for Bakersfleld : cooking and general
housework: wages *25; call mornings, ism
Bush st.
EXPERIENCED girl to work in candy store.
Call at Greek-American Candy Co., 44
Fourth st. *
GIRL for general housework;. no outsldrwork
or window cleaning; good wages; 1 hour
_from city. Call at 829 Union st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking:
no children. S17 East Nineteenth st near
Sixteenth ave.. East Oakland.
VEST finishers wanted; -also apprentices; paid
while learning; buttonhole makers 509 Keaf-
ny St., room 2.
1<UR sewers and liners. J. N. LOFSTAD 14
Kearny Bt
GIRL for general housework: short distance In
country; $20. 233 Devisadcro st.
WANTED— Younk girl for general housework:
wages $20. AppTy at 006 O'Farrell st
WANTED— First-class waitress at 1414 Callfor-
nia st; references,
WANTED— At once, a business managers a
woman over 25. preferred, liox 1242 Call
GIRL to take care of baby and assist; steady i
Rood wages. S13 Post nt. i
WOMAN wanted' for general housework! C6 i
Carmelito stiabetween Pierce and Scott, oft :
Waller.:. \u25a0 i • i
HEIiP WA5TED— MALE— -Com^^
A^MURrTy"^ READY Phone Main 5S4S
,'...LeadtoiK Employment and Labor Agents...
7WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
600 R. R. MEN FREE FARE
UKIAH -
...rrt> N. W. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK..,..
'. UKIAH
50 teamsters, Ukiah Free Fare
50 laborers. Ukiah - Free Fare
50 steel and ballast men. Ukiah Free Fare
..SHIP TWICE TO-DAY
SAWMILL AND WOODS HELP
Band saw filer, sawmill company.. 4 . ...... $100
Screw turner, sawmill company $2 50 day
Dogger sawmill company $40 and ioui.1
' 10 laborers to pile lumber and work In yards.
sawmill company ?37 50 and found
„.. 'MECHANICAL HELP - ;:
2 carpenters, mining company %>o
Blacksmith, country shop.. $40 to $45 and found
Man to run separator, and gasoline engine,
. dairy ranch, see boss here
Horseshoer. camp, *=2; bench hand. »3 day;
2 boiler-makers, mining company, $- 60 day;
blacksmith's helper, ranch, $35; cooper, slack
work; furnace man, mine; wagon-maker,
country shop; tinsmith
• MISCELLANEOUS ...--.
15 farm and orchard hands W and $30
3 milkers. $30;. choreman for an institution.
$13; 2 and 4 horse teamsters. $2 and $2 2a day:
5 muckers for a mining company. $75: 55 la-
- borers, city and country work; 250 drillers
and laborers, Shasta and Trinity counties,
cheap fares: handy man as porter and repair
stoves, $2 day;, canthook man. lumber com-
pany, $2 25 day: young man to help on milk.
wagon. $15 -and* found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Assistant nurse, institution. $25
Cobk. plain country hotel $50 and found
Walter, institution. $20 to $25 and found:
sausage-maker, $-10 and found: 5 hotel and
restaurant waiters. $20, $35 and $40; pantry-
man. $30; first and second cook fof a boat, $50
and $35 and found; cook 3 men, ranch, $20. see
boss here '.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
American for general mdse store, country
f S50 to $60
Driver for milk wagon J50
German driver for wine house $12 week
Ranch tecmster. steady $28
Laborer for winery. $30
Walter for institution $20
Hotel waiter, city $25
Dishwasher for institution ...$15
Strong boy for cattle ranch *15
Cook and second cook tor boat... ..$40 and $25
Dishwasher, country hotel $20
\u25a0 Farmer and plain, blacksmithing $2(5
10 four-horse tcrape> teamsters $2 25 day
10 pick and shovel laborers for ditch, $2 25 day
A NIGHT attendant for institution short dis-
tance in country, »30 per month, with board,
lodging and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.,
61U Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st, nr. Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
....." UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
Su railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day"
FREE FARE
Carload of laborers, $2 25 to $2 50 per day.
(No office fee for above carload.)
Cheap rates to Shasta and Trinity counties.
We charter a car that leaves Saturday.
Italian cock, Tacoma, -$125 per mo., fare paid;
experienced man to lay sewer pipe, $2 50 for
9 hours.
COACHMAN, $35 and found; bridge carpenter.
$3 £0 a day; woodworker, $45 to $50 and
found; blacksmith's heloer, $1 10 a day. and
found; jobbing carpenter. $3 50 a day; car-
penter for sawmill; sticker and matcher man.
30 cents an hour; screw turner, $45 and board;
setter for mill, $2 50 a day; assistant Janitor,
$35; farmers, milkers, teamsters; 4 laborers
lor mill yard. J26 to $30 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO... .62S -Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT second cook. J60: boarding-
house cook, $40: cook, country hotel, J35; res-
taurant cook, $30; waiter, $40; 2 hotel wait-
1 ers, {CO; dishwashers, pot washers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO 62S Sacramento sf.
A — MAN and wife (waiter and waitress), coun-
try hotel, $45; see party here 9 a. m.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. S27 Market St.. room 207. I
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. |
FIRST-CLASS bushelman. ROSENBLUM & !
11C3 Market St.. Odd Fellows' i
building. ~ i
BOY wanted* in wholesale establishment; good j
chance for advancement. Address in own !
handwriting, box 1210. Call office. ]
FOREMAN for large dairy ranch; exj^ri-
enced, reliable man with references. 134 i
Julian ave. \u25a0 . ;
J1C0— GERMAN lady wants elderly man as I
partner In cigar store; full value in stock. I
Particulars at 257 Fourth st, cigar 3tcre.~
WANTED— A first-class barber for Saturday
and Sunday; will pay $5. 2104 Fillmore st
A BARBER wanted to take charge of shop.
621 Eighth St. j
BARBER, Saturday and Sunday, $6. 705 Mont-
gomery ave.
GOOD barber. 414 Montgomery avenue.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman: good, steady Job.
126 Kearny st, room 2-S.
BOY wanted to do general work; reference re-
quired. L. SAMTER & SON. 51S Market st. I
EXPERIENCED Jayers-off. CARSON GLOVE <
CO., 25 Market st j
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c '
to ro-j. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts. |
WANTED— Boy to drive delivery wagon. 212
O'Farrell st. j
WANTED— Man to take ranch near St. Helena; j
usa of place free. 944 Howard st.
WANTED — Iron moldsrs and machinists, at I
r.ICi Mission st . j
W ANTED— Grocery clerk; experienced pre- i
! ferred. 435 Third st.
; STRONG boy wanted. E. C. HUGHES. 511
Sansome st. >
FEEDER cn platen pres3 and boy for printing !'
office. 109 California st. ' |
APPRENTICE in tin and plumbing shop. Ap- !
ply between 7 and 9 a. m. 533 Mission st. !
BELLBOY: must sleep at home. Commercial
Hotel.
ERRAND boy wanted; 16-18 years; $5 a week, j
24 Kearny Et !
. WANTED— First-class bootblack; no other n«ed i
apply. 14C5 Polk st.
WAITER wanted at 907 Kearny st. _ I
ELDERLY man who understands ' nursery |
work and florist business. Call 500 Haight. j
I YOUNG man to help In bakery. 911 Larkin '
street.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 133S Market St..
J opposite Seventh st. \u25a0
I
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal 1 -
j passers, cooks and waiters; gpod wages; per-
; leet protection afforded on Broadway wharf.
I where employes are boarded and lodged otj
) steamer lying alongside; men worklnsr for
lh-.» comnany and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway whai'f, San Francisco.
WANTED — A bright, active young \u25a0 man bet
the ages of 23 and 35, of good address, to so-
licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make trfom J3 to $10 per day; references re-
quired. Address box 970. Call.
| TAILORS — A flrst-clas3 ladles' tailor to work
on jackets and skirts for Santa Rosa; must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.,
corner Second and Market sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed-
catalogue free. MOLER EARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
COATMAKERS and pants and vest maker for
\ country. Apply RE1SS BROS. .& CO. "4
Sutter 3t. . • - ' "
i WANTED— First-class accountant: also male
stenographer. E. B. & A. L. STONE CO
! 902 Broadway. Oakland. *
i FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wantorl at
OPERATOR On pants; one who can finish.
. 835 Market st, room 16. • • •• .
GIRL for general housework. 1S17 Twenty-
third ave.. East Oakland.
A BRIGHT and dressy young woman for a i
country home. Box 1229. Call offlte. j
WANTED— A young girl for general housework !
- and plain cooking. 736 Union st.
NEAT, reliable girl; German preferred: housp-
work; small family; refs.; $20.. 8~>1 Fulton st. I
"UANTKD— Women tor light work on fruit •
1731 Folsnm st. • • j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH- offlce for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia *t. ' - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 : .
HELP^WANTED MALE. j
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tmmeiTTrush \u25a0
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near.Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board, and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 2C Montgomery; St., room 25, San Fran-
clsco, Cal.
WANTED — Sob«r, .reliable young man with
some cash; $60 month;, no experience \u25a0 neces-
sary; close Sundays. 1221 Market st,, -r. 1.
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C. JACOB^ON
Bakersfield^ Cal.
WANTED — Good driver for bottling works-
.gocd salary to right man; must have securltv'
Address box 1227. Call. ."•'
WANTED— Engravers. Apply at SHREVF *
CO.'S factory. 403 Market st. E &
WANTED— Pamsmaker: steady work kapp
BROS.. 304 O'Farrell st. KAPP
PHOTO-ENGRAVER wanted." Apply Caltf o r
nla Photo-Encravlng Co.. 513 Market *"
ERRAND boy wanted at 641% Stevenson st.
DISHWASIIER-Villa Miramar: board- room-
washing; $10 months. Ocean boulevard '
COOK^wanted at Manhattan House. S25 Battery
A^ i^^nrr^r.
Y m U aSd. m g° F O te^Pg^i; \u25a0
nt'STNKS«« rH 4XCF.S— CowttntH»fl.
$22 60— GROCERY, postofflce, laundry, 3 news-
paper agencies, public telephone; last year's
receipts $15,000; out of city; rent $15: this
place must be seen; a bargain. DECK &
CO., 927 Market St., room 208. ' \u25a0
TO buy groceries and bars, bakeries, notions,
stores, saloons, carriace, paint shops, coal
yards, cigar stands, candy factory or any-
thing in the real estate business, we have
them and they will stand Investigation. Go
to DECK & CO.. 927 'Market St.. room 208.
BUTCHER shop with tools. Ice box; rent $10;
$100. DECK & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 208.
WANTED^Manufacturing business. F. J.
DECK & CO.. Emma Spreckeis bldg., r. 208.
LIQUOR store; good family and bar trade; rea-
sonable; main street; fine location; owner
going north. Box 2342. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale— Old established good-paying busi-
ness; will sell half or whole interest: lirst-
class bargain. Address Call offlce. Oakland.
FOR sale — Fruit store with horse and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission Et. ... \u25a0 \u25a0<
CAPITALISTS, ATTENTION'.
A well-known investment banking house of
this city is about to organize a bank in a
most promising Interior town, having no
bank as yet. but which does an annual busi-
ness of about $3,000,000; residents of the town
have agreed to build an up-to-date building
for the new bank; we now want a few more
parties .with. money, from $100 upward, to
take up the remaining ehares of the bank
stock; the Investment is estimated to bring
magnificent returns. Address box 1225, Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a first-class bar
connected, doing a business of about $100 a
day; price $1500; part of money can stand on
business; will bear' the fullest investigation.
Address bo* 2340. Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE — The Call' agency in Santa Cruz;
price J1200.
RESTAURANT on Market St.. near city front;
a snap for right party; cheap. Apply 550
Mission Et. /
$3000 LOAN wanted: 2d mtge.; R. est.; good
values; will pay J5U0' premium. Box 1221, Call.
GOOD restaurant man wanted as partner; first-
class opening. 321 Ellis st.
WANTED— Restaurant or lunch counter cheap
for cash. Box 1123, Call office.
BAKER'S fixtures, 2 horses aud wagons; com-
plete outfit. Box 2341. Call offlce. \u25a0 Oakland.
RESTAURANT, cheap; 410 Kearny St.; other,
business; must sell; make offer.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick
sale. 132 Eighth st. . \u25a0
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market St.. is
HEADQUARTERS FOK BAKUAINS
IN LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 to $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE i
S rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; tine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350 !
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 35a
10-room house; fine location 425
»4 rooms; on Geary st isoo
100 rooms; cleas-s $350; payments to suit.. 6000
I ' 16 rooms; transient; only $490 cash 7.30
b rooms; flat; near City Hall 35j .
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $153 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new..?. 750 :
S2 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 !
21 rooms; $000 cash, balance payments 125J ;
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE
FRENCH SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 736.
ATTENTION. BUYERS! ' "
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments.
40-room boarding-house; clears $200 $3000
CO rooms; corner: best in city 5000 j
35 rooms; very good; only /.. inoo !
WE LEAD THEM ALL I
20 rooms; par excellence ." 2500 '
S5-room workingman's house; cheap rent 2000 •
6-rocm flat; al! rented" 225!
42 rooms: grand halls; fine income 2600 !
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600 I
20 rooms; fine furniture: see this bargain. '
21 rooms; $i00 cash, balance payments...". 1000 '
E0 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500 !
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 C000 !
70 rooms; modern; clears $230 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.: all rented " 323
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 430 i
15 rooms; Sutter st. ; central 4;y \u25a0
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. OOC Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO." - r
E50 Market st ..' Tel. Davis 2S1 1
6 rooms; elegantly furn.; flat $700;
8 rooms: furniture and carpets; 1st class. 650
15 rooms; fine location: new; clean.... 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap..!.'!'ir,oo '
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750 I
9 rooms; right downtown 900 :
S rooms; cheap rent, including piano. !!!!l250 j
20 rooms; elegantly furn.: a snap '500 '
43 rooms; full; choice: bargain [4500
V rooms; north of Market; snap ]200 i
12 rooms: boarding: best location 1200 '
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON '
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A CAMERON Jt CO..
S.10 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
«ooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
75 r.. rent $175. fine Investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120. inc. $300. apart, house.. $3000
28 r.. sunny bay window cor., reduced... 2100 I
24 r.. ient $50. clears $75, trans.. 3d st... 1150 I
22 r.. rent $37, housekeeping. Third 6t 350 j
19 r.. rent S75. clears $70. down town.... 12C0 1
10 r.. rent $45. clears $40. good fur. carp... 690 I
7 r., rent $32 50. near Ellis 425
% Flats. 3 to 14 rooms, jiso to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
HEALY & HENDERSON. — —
„. . , , 6 Eddy st. 18-13.
ne don t keep good houses. ;
We sell them. See these: i
130 rooms; electric lights $15 000 1
7-room flat; McAllister St.. 250
9-room flat; new; rent $45 77,0 '
10 rooms; G. G.; new " ".' 6^0 i
28 rooms; downtown: elegant '.'. 9 SCO !
HEALY & HENDERSON.' i
C Eddy st.. IS and 13; Phone James 2771. I
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap ; "price $650. "
r £ji ms on SecoKd s *-: great bargain: price
21 rooms on Eddy st; great bargain !
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price JSOO. I
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our !
office under a thorough investigation; for any !
line of bUKlness call at our office. SS3 Markt- 1
f?t.. rooms 1 and 2. McBRIDE & CO., Real" I
Estate and Auctioneers.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
317 MarkPt st: opposite Mason.
Kg can suit you in houses and prices. f
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale list your houses with
.,. _• , G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
91< Market st... opp. Mason; phone Mint 1911.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— : I
24 rooms, rent $65, part cash jjom '
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rent ISPO \u25a0
.' 2X rooms, rent $50, clears $100 " SCO '\u25a0
40 rooms, cheap rent, north of Market \u25a0 3800
120 100ms. rent $110. profits $1600 yearly.. 3h)&
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market's!
He has been in this business 15 years
He draws up the legal papers free of charge
He. has 4 salesmen— Business -i* booming
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses.
10-ROOM new flat, a- bargain for. .~ . $500
18 rooms; rear Market;.rent only $55..!! " U00
26 rooms; fine locator.; rent $100; only.... 1500
£0 others to choose from. Call at offlce and
pee list. Will loan you money at IW.% M
E. J]IVES.^916 Market gt.; tel. Main 12S.
THE largest and best list of lodging-house!,
hotels and business chances can be found at
ph e on°/ fi F e o^m FI im ER & C °; 335 "»*«\u25a0£
SEE this house; it Is a bargain: rent $10- S'OO
can remain; clears $50. DECK & CO S27
Market St., room 208. ,
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
| list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
A -MRS. DR7^R^mA3ir.^tp¥lt^aT^e?lum"
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
\Ved. and Friday evenings. . 1035 Market st.
UNEEDA reading? Arnold and Dlckson tell
everything; 50c, $1; full names included. 201
JTurlc si. _
AN extra. 25c seance to-nlsht; Brockway. the
psychic; every one receives a test. 299 Hyde
et. corner Eddy; readings dally. .
MR^' £VP ARD ' 1C3 Oak" St.: circles Tuesday
and Jriday. S p. m.; Wednesday, ladles 2-30
p. tn.. 10c; readings daily. 50c.
BROC £ WAy ' s DS >chlc ceance Sunday, Tues-
<£/\u25a0 Jhureday. 8:15 P- ">.; 25c; readings dally.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
WHITNEY trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sitting*. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell tst; Elll» car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests
10c; prophetic readings. 50c. $1. 148 Sixth st.
A i UST , A F A> materializing seance to-nightT
8; 50c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush. nr. Franklin!
SPIRITUALISM-— Contimied^^^
MRS! ELSIE se-
ance Friday eve. 127 Ellis St.; 50 cents.
MRS. LESTER, circle "S p. m., 10c; readings
50c and -41. 14S Sixth, r. 12; tel.- Howard 1129.
PROF. GEE. 10S 6th-Readlngs 50c and Jl; clr.
every night ex. Sun.. 10c; tel. Howard 112 j.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-ntght. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '!
MMeT~M~BERN AR D~' .'•• '\u25a0'-».* <'.~~"™
THE FAMOtfS o
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals, the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
£5c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.', rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed, by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
wi^h special terms. Daily a!nd Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT. . ' /
Permanently located in my own home, WES-
LEY ORMAN. psychic, trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will reoeive
the benefit of my lowest fee. $1; hours. 10
.-.. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis st.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
. The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds «when others fail: permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c:
gents $1 ; palm, andiclalr. sit. $1 50. 12S Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IMS Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to D p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.- .
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. S p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush : p. Larkin 2275.
Miss M.WUle.326A- Ellis st/.createst of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly: full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall Jl.
BROCKWAY tells everything; if you are con-
templating a change in business or social life
consult him. 299 Hyde St.. enrner Eddy. "
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
j 25e: gents 50b; readings daily. 132 Sixthjst^
] MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, watei-
j reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1J63.
E. C. VANDERBILT— Card reader; evenings
and Sundays only: 25c and 50c. 328 Eddy st.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller.
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr. Fourth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 2Gc. 1143 Mission, over, stc: e.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
_sittlngs daily. 448Vi Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names clven: 25c ud. 5 Flouvth st.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
j AVKEN you become disgusted with poor -work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
I Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
i MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c: laying:
I cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
j CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
i PARRY. 1511>/4 Market st. ; phone Mint 1C95. j
! AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning. !
3c; renovated; relaid. 105 14th st. ; tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ; j
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO!. Prop. ;
! RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices i
i reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263. j
i CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works, !
j 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone .East 12S. i
I CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
j STEVENS Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno- j
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74. !
CIIIROrOJOISTS. I
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure
I PR; DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st.. room 207. |
j COLLECTION OFFICES. I
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agen^y^No"chargp~un^ !
! iess successful. Room 310, 927 Market st. j
I COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency room I
I SS. 916 Market. Advice froe: tel. Red S211.
1 DENTISTS. i
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 9^r"Market~"<!treet/ !
I Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices i
: for painless dentistry; pure sold (illing $1 50: !
i artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and •
i guaranteed, J5 up; a good metal plate J15; i
gold and porcelain crowns. $5 to $10; teeth I
I without plate; painless extraction. j
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
kct st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns. !
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates.' bridges I
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years' '
experience; no students; advice free: prices ;
clearest and guaranteed; lady attendants. '
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. j
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, j
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, !
60c: plates. J5. full set: all work painless and !
wan-anted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. 1
AMALGAM fillings, 51; silver filllngsT EOc: gold
or porcelain crown?, $5; set of teeth, $7; j
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den- I
tists, 969 Mission St.. SE. cor. Sixth. \
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done.!
on weekly installments: lowest rates. !
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by j
going to PR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st i
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush— j
Full Fet of t"<?th fl $ij. crowns. $3: filllriKB. 25c. j
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction iJOc; plates $5 up; Phone Poik 1135.
DR. 11. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bids.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam- j
iner building: telephone John SSI; reliable |
work and efficient service guaranteed. ' j
HOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DHESSMAKERS A.V13 SEA.MSTIIESS12S
McDOWELL Dressmaking- & Millinery School^
Class rates; patterns cut. 1U1J Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S SCHOOL OK ELL:cTI{1CAL^SngT^
NEtiUNO- Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and ehojj work; thoroughly
practical; Jay and night. Zi Pest si., a. v'.;
catalogue tree. . .
AYRBS" Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 |>er month; $50 lite scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeulng, arithmetic, ; penmanship,
tpelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. .free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their If iends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship S50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
[school for the untvet»ity, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelun building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates, I
new G0;page catalogue free. 305 Larkin St.: |
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing i
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O^Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shortliiand, typ-
ing, practical, bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, tnech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1S6*. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates &. bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San .Fran-,
Cisco Business College,- 1236 Market st. ". '
Acting & elocution — Eve." classes, special rates;
monthly, payments. Leo Cooper, Sll Geary st.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French. etc.Prof.DeFIHppe'sAcaderny
ofLanguage*,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.-
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. GOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for tht Htage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin.
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 100S Mission.
CowtinnVil.
WANTED— Gpod mandolin players for select
club, and violinists, etc., for. amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. 301 Jones st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON"S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S .Business College 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page* catalogue free. .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammarrwrtting.
<-t<\ : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese; help oT affklnds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post 6t. ; tel. Hush 135.
CHINESE EmDloyment Offlce— All kinds of
_help_furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James -1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Busfc st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nest; help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5Q72.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOY.MEVr WANTED — KEJ1ALK.
A GERMAN woman wants work by the day
washing, -ironing and housecleaning; $1 and
car fare." MRS. SIEBOLD, S70 Folsom st.,
top floor. ! \ .
YOUNG German girl wants position In bakery
or as waitress; city references. Address 723
Eighteenth st. or call at 35 Willow ave., near
.. Polk st.
LADY wants a position as housekeeper: is a
good manager, also a good sewer. Box 120S,
Call office.
WANTED— By first-class dressmaker, a few
mere customers to sew for by the day; tarms
reasonable.- Address 1306 Ellis st.
I WANTED-By respectable woman, no incum-
brance, housekeeping position in small fam-
I lly: be8t of rfef ere"ces. Box 1219, Call office.
I RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
v good cook; wages from $15 to $20; good refer-
encn. 26 1^ Tehama St., near Fourth. 1
SITUATION wanted; competent second j girl;
also housework girl; references. Please; a call
| 716 Lcavenworth st.
MISS BESSIE STOY. having studied art un~-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
I in teaching the same, desires a position as
I superintendent or teacher of drawing in either
"I a public or private school. Address MISS
j __13ESSIE^STOY, Louisville, Ky.
j COMPETENT German nurse wants employ-
ment; good cook and housekeeper: willing to
| take entire charge during confinement. MRS.
i B.. 7C0 Broadway.
! DRESSMAKER and ladies' taiioress desires
j engagements in families or at home. 513
I Post St., near Mason.
I rOL'NG Scandinavian girl wishes place for |
general housework: wages $15. 31t% Rltch ;
bt., between Brannan and Townsend.' j
A YOUNG lady with a little girl wishes sltua-
! tion at liirht housework: no wash; city or
I country. Call 700A Jones st.
i FASHIONABLE dressmaking by the daj»; flt-
I ting first-class (children's) clothes specialty;
I will go out of city. E. A.. 223A Leavenworth.
j YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper.
Call or addres3 25C8 California st.
— — -=
; WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
; ket— 200 rooms; 2Sc to *1 50 per night; $1 50 to
I $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
I 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
j A BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements and
I Fuhrcriptlcns has been established at 1096
I Valencia st. . \u25a0
I \u25a0 j
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
| POSITION in a* wholesale or- retail grocery
I house by a young man lately from the East
j with 10 years' experience; good references.
i Box 11S9. Call office.
I A THOROUGH bookkeeper and accountant
j having a few hours daily to spare would like
one or more sets of books to keep: terms rea-
sonable. Bex 1218, Call office. |
! YOUNG man, 23 years, desires position as col-
i lector or anything where there is a chance
j for advancement Call or address 211'^ Bart-
I lett st. \u25a0 '
j SITUATION by young man taking care of
j horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
j tools. Box 1171, Call office.
j EXPERIENCED barkeeper with flrf=t-class
! references wants situation in good hotel or
saloon; city or country. Box 1243, Call offlce.
i RELIABLE, experienced cook wants position;
j town, country, hotel, restaurant: good refer-
ences. - Cook. 45 Franklin st.
j A PAR1Y well connected East, especially New
York City, thoroughly understanding the wine I
j trade,- being inconstant- touch with the Ital- !
j ian and French consumers of claret and other
! win-js, desires -to hear from California flrma
! wishing to be represented there; New York
! and San Francisco references. Answer F. G.,
; box U'07. Call office..
j ONE in every respect thoroughly competent
single,, sober orchardist, with good references, I
steady worker and large experience in that I
line, would like a steady, responsible position j
i arid take full charge of. an orchard at any;
| city at reasonable compensation. E. G: O., j
i.21 pecond £t. - I
WANTED— Position by young man residing i
| with parents as assistant bookkeeper, pbrter ;
I or assistant shipping clerk; steady and tern- J
perate; can furnish best of references. Box
! 1222. Call dfflce.
j YOUNG man wishes a situation as gardener
! in private place: understands care of horses
and can milk; wages $25; references given.
i Bex 1101, Call office.
; ENGINEER well up In the ice machine busl-
' ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
I experience, wants position; Al. references. !
j Address box 1238, Call offlce. I
! YOUNG' man from East," with some financial
| backing, wishes position in offlce; brokerage
[ or commission preferred. Address box 1237,
p Call office. .
! YOUNG English (German spoken) waiter, Just J
from the East, wishes position in first-clas.s
; hotel or restaurant. GARDNER. 321 O"Far- I
! rell st. 1
j ; _ i
J VERT reliable Scandinavian; . handy with j
tools; srood uorter and bedmaker; handy at '
anything; city or country. L. OLSEN. 631
Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted as electrician and engineer;
would like to take charge of small plant In
a country town; 7 years in last place. Box i
1234. tall office.
WANTED— By first-class Eastern people, posi-
tion as manager, steward or chel: hotel, club
I or restaurant: references; wife excellent
j housekeeper. B. F. G.. 313 Ellis st.
j YOUNG German wants a position stableman oH
| any kind of work. Address 28 Ellis st. ; cigar
store.
YOUNG man, < understands care of horses; j
drive: milk cows; light work;. small wages, i
JPETER CUSICK, 32 East st., Dewey House.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
in a, family. S. II., box 1250, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami eubscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL,.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; .stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; goM i
bonds furr.ishpd. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 216 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting to. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated; stocks and bond<» underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. \. ~~
j NEW upper 10-room flat; bay^w in do^TTrT every
! room; fins view: elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st. and Dubcce Park, off Wal-
ler. het. Pierce, and Stolner.
I $6— NEW flat, 3 rooms, yard, range;, water
[ free; 23 Holly st.. 100 feet from Mission-st.
electric cars, opp. 33d and Mission; no ohll-
drcn.
MOSS. 30, off Folsom — Bay-window • flat;
| o large. . sunny rooms ; " gas. water and yard.
$7.50 to J8— TWO 3-room flats on Linden ave.;
water and ashman free. Key at 524 Fell st.
I MODERN upper . sunny flat. 7 rooms, bath;
first-class order. 105 South Park.
$22 M-MODERN bay-window flat. 7 rooms and
bath. 15B. Henry st. t near Market and 15th.
MODERN sunny. nat of G rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave.. near 'Webster st.
CHEAPEST and best in -America-The Weekly
Call, 1G pages, sent tn any address in the
l-nltcd States r.r Canada one year for tl
?^ R ?ISH^^^AT^WA5rTJJD£5g
WANTED-By 3 adultsT'f^Isted^arorT^r
4 rooms; north of Market; centrally located;
must bo reasonable. Box 1249, Call. - * .
___^HAj»IES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L/ KELLl3R~3Z8O30 JlayesTnrl V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
__J^F£RMTURE FOR ~S±Le7~
?17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror. -
Jl— Solid oak chair; factory price.
U— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel: Folsom 1328.
. Searys Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
F £ R SALE— Furniture of C rooms and bath.
91- Ellis St.; rent $1S; sunny side. , .
BEtP WASTED— SULE Coa.
-jjrft £
BOYS wanted; good wages. Apply Delivery De.
partment Western Union Telegraph Company.
300 Montgomery st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. f. 40, Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; frea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sal*
Wednesday October 23. at 11 a. m.. at ta«
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOTLE, Auctioneer
a" HUNDRED head of well broke German
?rmy horses suitable for all business pur-
poses. iuVr arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1733 Market nt.
FOR sale— To close out. 7 pure bred Percher-
ons— 6 mares an.1 1 stallion. Address MRS.
WM. B. COLLIER. 2509 Paciac ave.. S. F.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express* wagon.
one gumey: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap CARVILL MFG. CO.. 4S Eighth st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 71' Howard st
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and ronJ ccrte». DALZIEL. 605 G. G. »v.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply I>. RING.
1942 Union st.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 Viundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 8S3 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
ete.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Cre^ly. dean.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
• ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list housra to let; send for cir-
cular. G, H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— An elegantly \u25a0 furnished 9-room
house: reasonable; no small children; call
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 142S Fulton st.
KEARNY. 1355. near Greenwich— Small house, 5
rooms': rent S3; water free. Key 1567 Kearny.
MOUSES TO l^lST KURMsHKO.
A SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees: Alameda: % block from
\u25a0tat Ion. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Furnished house about 8 rooms,
bath.' garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view;
on or near car line; between Jonea and
Steiner, California and Valiejo sts. : three
adults. Address B. Call branch offlce, 2200
Fillmore st. __^__
I X V E STM Ej<T S.
PER MONTH.
For five months, will buy
100 \u25a0. SHARES 10*
PAYMASTER GOLD MINING COMPANY,
Grass Valley. Cal.
A FORTUNE IN SIGHT.
Shares only 2j cents, payable in
FIVE MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS.
Non-assessable.
j Fullest Investigation Solicited.
I ' A mining expert of wide experience and
recommended by the Nevada County Bank
I indorses the property as being exceedingly rich.
I His report can* be seer* by applying at our
office.
Over J730O worth sold In eight days. Call for
prospectus and expert's report.
CORDS &" KNEWING fine).
FISCAL AGENTS.
Tel. Main 5773. 207 MONTGOMERY ST.
| LOST AJTD FOUXD.
j $25 REWARD if finder of greenbacks lost In
vicinity of Pine and Jones sts. will return tlii»
same to 1101 Pine^ st.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th^
name of MATTHEW EB.VER or JOHANNA
EBNER; No. 213-3S3. The finder win please
return to bank.
LOST — Three diamond rings in Oakland, near
• Eighth ani Adeline sts. Liberal reward if re-
turned to Dr. H. S. KERGAN. 1121 Eighth
! St., Oakland.
LOST— Small fox terrier; left ear brown; an-
swers to name of Coots; reward. 2636 Sutter
st.. corner Lyon.
I LOST— Black and white .greyhound dog. Return
' to J. O' SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sts. ;
: receive reward.
LOST— A diamond medal, with name JOHN
LEWIS. Return to Miller, Sloss & Scott,
Fremont and Mission sts.: liberal reward.
LOST— From 2219 Devisadero St.. corner Wash-
Ington: collie pup; male; return; reward.
FOUND— Gentleman'3 Cleveland safety. Owner
can have same by calling 833'^ Harrison, rear.
IT will pay to "Kemember" that the Callfor-
rla Watch Case Co.. -220 Sutter St.. needs old
r°ld and silver tn make new watch cases.
MATTH K>SKS A.MJ I'lLLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
• ttery; Al carpet clean.'ng; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.:
tel. Bush 4T\.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes, of female complaint*
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market sj.. opn. FifthI
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin: 23 years' experience In midwifery -
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her-
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement: best care, attention; confinement
J15; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 IStii
St.; Mlaslon-st. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DA VIES, who has be»n in
business here .for 23 years, is still located at
1228 Market: .maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:3U p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist;
private home before and during confinement \u25a0
removed from Post to <iio O'Farrell st.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided: offlc*
hours 10- a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. • ALLEN. 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dies specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
Ing confinement; best medleal care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement. 112S Market st., S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialUt. confinement.
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farretl st.
A CONFINEMENT home for the poor; free of
charge. Address ABC, box 2333. Call offlce.
MRS DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist. has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years' experience in S. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
\u25a0 nlty hospital: fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: ail diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
EOILISRS. engines. 2d-hand machmeryT Mc~
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont at.
BARS.- back bars, mirror?, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we a: ways have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete cutflts on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everythin<
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021, 1023
Ml?ston st.. above Sixth: writ© for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdcn Iron
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sta.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, such an
band saws, wood planers, shapers. -stickers,
mortlsers. saws. etc. J. B. JAKDINE. 220
Fremont st.
RARE Persian rugs collected while In Turkey:
will sacrifice for nominal prices or will ex-
change same for diamonds; cause leaving
city. Address -L. MANOUK. 620 Guerrero st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND 1D01 Cleveland. Stearns. Ram-
blsr. Snell. chainless SpauMlng and cheaper
wheels; closing out. 607 Mission st. -
.WATCHES, jewelry rep. and made: cash pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 11 McAl-
lister St.. room 16. WM. MUND.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
J dynamos bought, sold and exchanged. H. 8. .
WHITE, »1S Mission gt. •
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper '
\u25a0 suitable for carpenter shop: also No. I
Hooker steam pump. 343 Howard stPALACE HOTEL.
P II Cooper, U S N . H W Wolf, Chicago •
R Kitchen. Omaha J McNeil & w, S Cruz
W, "W Shilling:, C Creek B Laner & w. S Crui
E Craig, Plttsburg D H Peery, Salt Lake
P R McGlll, Dawson F Peery, Salt Lake
F Griebel.' Guatemala C H O'Brien, Chicago
F Conjmins, Sausallto E Everhardt, Oakland
O "W Posey, Los Ang Miss A F Oden. Boston
W"F McFarlane, L ,A L S Thomas, St Paul
C P Braslan, S Jose G I Thomas, St Paul
F E'Myers, Ashland.Or E K Smoat, Wash
A J Dutcher. Chicago Mrs E J Vawter, O Pk
J "W Mlnturn, Sharon Mrs W , H Routzaher,
R Edmunds, N .Y Los Angeles
FL Baker, Los Angf W A Brewer, S Mateo
C Henne, Los Ang ' H Lion & w, San Jose
F yRudolph & "w.Chcgo W L Austin & w, Dnvr
W E Leland.Wash,D C "W B Armstrong. N T
"W O Everett, Ind : C D Martin, Rochester
Mrs Shrorter, L03 Ang L E Rlter Jr & w,S Lk
E Amprldle, Mexico D C Davis, Guatemala
R W- Taylor, Coronado OH Harrison. & fam,
Chevalier deFreystad- -Mexico
. sler, Dudapest : . . '
GRAND HOTEL.; . ...
J H Gardiner, Cal H F Fontain, Cal
W H Gilmore, Eureka W S French, Wls
Mrs Gilmore, Eureka. Mrs G Peltier. Cal
D C McDonald & w, E Pattee, Salvador
Eureka H C Gesford & w, Cal
A Moranda, Ferndale E .Wiley, .Danville '
W F Montgomery, Cal L C White, Del Mpnto
Mrs H Amundson, Cal E Painter & w Cal -
A "Wilson \u25a0& w, Cal • I Rosenberg, woodlnd
J E Bunket,. P Robles G Scott, Chicago
H M Storms, NY. M Dlepenbrock, Sacto
Mrs E Denman, Cal F Duncan, S Barbara
Mrs F Cot, Sacto Mrs C N McLouth, Cal
R B Norcross & \u25a0 w, C Moltzer, Pt Reyes ,
Greeley, Colo- ' G Rowe, Chicago
Mrs F R Fleming, Cal P N Harrington, U BN
Mrs R S Cushman, Miss Long, Kansas
Phoenix ' - Mlgnon Kobeln, N T
Mrs S S Cox, Palo Alt Mrs Kobeln. .N Y
G P Rex. St Louis J D Armstrong, Cal
B N Young & w, Cal - J Cunningham, Vallejo
D'B Spagnoll & dau, J Howe & w, Dawson
Amador. , ...
HOTEL ATt.-R.-TP-AT.Si
Ella and Maurice Schmidt (owners) with Ed
ward S. Lowry and James J. Daly (con
tractors), architect Alexander F. Oakley— Wall
tiling of bathrooms and above sinks, tiling of
faces and hearths of 29 mantels, also 28 man
tels with beveled mirrors and setting- of same
•with asbestos gas gratis in Hotel Majestic on
NW corner of Sutter and Gough streets; $2290.
Mrs. Phlna Kahn (owner) with Thomas
W. Butcher (contractor), -architect Sylvaln
Schnalttacher — Excavation, concrete. ' - brick,
terracotta and constructional steel and iron
work for a 4-story and basement brick build
ing on SW line of First street, 50 SE of Mis
sion,' SE 22 by SW 75; $7100. •
Same owner with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter, mill,
plastering, glazing, roofing, ' tinning and gal
vanized iron work for same on same; $3110.
P. F. Butler to Vincent T. Kingwell, lot on
S line of Seward street, 43:3 NW of Douglas, S
36 degrees 45 minutes W 123:3%. N 77 degrees
W 94:2, N 36 degrees E 127:2. S 74 degrees 31
minutes E 94 :3, : lot 5, . block 15. Market-street
Homestead Association; also lot on SE corner
of. Clement street and Twenty- third, avenue,
E.57.:6 by S 100; $10.
Margaret A. Murphy to Mary Thomsen, lot
on SMlne of Garfleld (Sherman) street, 75 E of
Blxbee (Ford). E 25 by S 100, lot 28, block 13,
Map of City Land Association; $10.
, ' Builders' Contracts.
Augusta Naumann (widow) to Gustav Nau
mann, lot on W line of Prospect avenue 23-4
N of Lizzie street, N 23:4 by W 70 lot 125.
Cobb Tract; gift.
J.G. F. and Annie E. Oellerich to George
Thistleton and Louis Levy, lot on S line ol
Thrift (HJI1) street, ISO W of Capital avenue
(street). "W 200 by S 125, lot 4, block TJ, Railroad
Homestead -Association;- $10. '\u25a0\u25a0-,- \u25a0•*•; k -
Albine and L. Benolt Perramont to. Blanche
Oullf. lot on E line of Larkln street, 35:6 N
of Clay, N 34 by E 75;. $10.
Edward A. and Minnie L. Self ridge to George
W. Gibbs Company (corporation), lot on S cor
ner of Howard and Spear streets, SW 45:10 by
SE 137:6; $10.
Emily F. Barstow (widow)' to William J.
Rickards, lot on NW line of Clementina street,
120 NE of Second, NE 25 by NW 80; $10;
Lewis and Albertine E. B. Peterson to Ste
phen* S. Herri ck, lot on 'SW line of Essex
street. 100 SE of Folsom, SE 50 by SW 87:6; $10.
Solomon and' Fanny Neuberger to Isaac Fried
lot 'on NW line of Clary street, 300 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
Thomas W.. Katherine A.,' " Lily ; A. and
Christopher C. Rivers to Peter and Gustave
Rasmussen, lot on.W line of De.Haro street.
150 S of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma). S 25 by W
loo; $io.
James Harkins to Margaret Harklns, lot on
E line of Tennessee street, 150 S of Twenty
second (Sierra), S 23 by E 100; gift. - .
E. B. and Emma C. Hallett to S. A. D.
Young, lot on S line of H street, 96 E of
Twelfth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
James P. Sweeney to Kate Morrison, lot
on SW corner of T street and Forty-fourth
avenue, W 32:6 by S 100; also lot on S line of
T street. 32:6 W of Forty-fourth avenue. W 25
by S 100; $10. ; .
Levitt H. and Willie Lucy Cox to Juan
M., Clotilda R., Maria C. and Catarlna Peru
sina, one-half of -lot on N line of Beulah
street, 106:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by N 100; J10.
Sarah Simpson, (widow) to Sarah S. Simpson
(single), -lot on E: line of Mission street, 359
S of Twenty-first, E 122:6 by S 30; gift and Jo.
Margaret G. O'Dwyer to , Emma L. Stanley,
lot" on NW corner of Twenty- rourth and Fol
som streets, W 122:6. N 40, E 45:6, S 17, E 77,
S 23; $10.
Addlson H. and Laura B. Taylor to Ernst
B. and Ottilia '.Bach; lot on S line of Filbert
street, 55' E. of 'Jones, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Charles and Rose Katz to Jessie W. Robson.
lot "on N line of Bernard street, 117:6 E of
Jones *.E 47 by N60; $5. . .
John' Bradley to Lillian Stadtmuller. lot on
N line of Green street, 77:6 W of Leavenworth.
which is also N"W corner of Green street and
New Orleans avenue, W.-20, N 68, W 40, N 20,
E 60, S 80; $10. • . ' .
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Kate May
Dillon, lot on N line of Broadway \u25a0 103 W of
Baker street, N 137:6 by W 51:6; $10.
Gertrude < B. Strachan ' to • same, lot on N
line of Broadway, 77:3 W of Baker street. N
137:6 by W 25:9; $10. . •
George and Harriet E. Thistleton to Louis
Levy, lot on N\V line of De Wolf street, 150
SW of Sherman, SW 50 by NW 100, Sears sub
division W. E. Map 2; $10.
William- A. B. Kndx to Isabella Dahler, lot
on SE corner of Seventeenth \u25a0 and Stanyan
streets,- S 46:9, E 100,. N 38:4, -W 100:4, lot 1,
block 4, map subdivision 1, Clarendon Heights;
gift.
Mary C, Edward D. and William P. Carroll.
Ellen • M. Goodwin (Carroll) and Susan B.
Jones (Carroll) to Thomas Carroll, lot on E
line of California avenue, 100 N of Virginia
avenue. N 25 by E 140. lots 180. and 200, Gift
Map 3; $10. •
\u25a0 A. S. - and Emma C. .Baldwin to Peter Nel
sen, lot 4, block 4, map subdivision 1, Castro
Street .Addition ; $10.
BEAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The trial of. the suit instituted by Wil
liam Brown against Mrs. Anna Marie
"Whitney to recover property, he deeded to
her while, he alleges,' he was . under the
influence of liquor, wa3 heard by Judge
Seawell yesterday. .
Abbot L>. "Whitney, who was divorced
from Mrs. "Whitney before she met-Brown
and "who,; it is averred, conspired with
Mrs. Whitney, to "relieve Brown of proper
ty-valued: at $20,000, was placed on the
stand. ."Whitney's testimony was almost
a direct, denial of. the allegations made in
Brown's convalint. , •..
Whitney testified that he never knew
his -former wife was living with Brown.
He admitted visiting Mrs. "Whitney after
he had secured the. divorce. Whitney said
he was always very friendly with his for
mer wife and Brown and frequently dined
with them and accompanied them to
places -of amusement. -
He denied ever having piled Brown with
liquor, said he never called upon Mrs.
Whitney unless accompanied by a friend
and that when he did call upon her that
he ever left the house before Brown came
in. . .
Judge Seawell continued the case until
this morninff.
Visited Former Wife Who Is
Being Sued.
Insurance Agent Admits. Having
WHITNEY DENIES HAVING
PLIED BROWN WITH LIQUOR
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.. \u25a0 ."V -
. Thursday, October 17.'
Stmr Alex Duncan, % Smith, 4& • hours . from
Amesport. • < i
Schr Jennie Griffin. Camobell, K hours \ from
Point Reyes. SAILED . . . " : ;
. .Thursday, October IT.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle. " southern coast.
DOMESTIC PORT. .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr ' Alcatraz,
for Fort Brassr. - \u25a0 \u25a0: ;
,.i t \u25a0 m \u25a0 : ' .\u25a0 \u25a0 .- .
Christ's sufferings carry his sympathies
Into all our sorrows.-: \u25a0 ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, \ 1901.
13
ROOMS TO LET— Fan. ana Unfarn.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st. r '.;..
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
RAUSCH.-19, near Howard— $10 a month, four
. sunny rooms, unfurnished.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms,- per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rocms with' '—'"and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmoro st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call, advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. :
ROOMS AN» BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne-^Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board. optional. 420
Eddy St.. . near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
WANTED--A few ' first-class boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 1209,' Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table - attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite -2 or 8
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. \u25a0
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages,' in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS WASTED.
MIDDLE-AGED . lady wishes sunny unfur-
nished alcove room In a respectable family;
\u25a0.' rent not to exceed $4 per mo. Box 1102, Call.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
E52. Call. • v .
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
H^NTER^S^RtJPTURE SANITARIUM. 1208
Market ; treatment free ; $100 paid for any truss
. as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
' SPECIAL NOTICES.
$25 -REWARD for Information leading to .arrest
of person -maliciously taking and driving oft
delivery wagon of P. WESTERFELD & CO.,
1035 Market st, about 3 a. m., Tuesday,
October 15.
BAD tenants . ejected for $4 ; ' collections made ;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In. wrapper for mailing, $1. per year.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS. IN TTPEWRITERS^We
6ell better machines for\less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main '266.
WEBSTER . Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
- teed.-. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates.. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1 1810; shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 96 (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchin-
son Sugar, Plantation Co., will be payable at
the offlce of the company, .327 Market St., on
and after Monday. October 21, 1901. Transfer
books close Monday. October 14, 1901. at- 3
o'clock p. ja. H..W. THOMAS, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for BoxLockers, Depot Quarter-
master's Offlce, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal., October 15, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received at this
offjeo. until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday,. October
! 25, . 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing Box Lockers. Quantity
to be subject to an increase \u25a0 of 20 per cept.
if desired by this department. Unguaranteed
bids, and bids upon samples differing from
specifications, will under no circumstances be
considered;- proposals for less quantity than
advertised .for will be entertained. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders in their
proposals. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
—fiumptlon required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes^contalnlng proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 9093," and addressed to MA-
JOR C. P.. MILLER, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following . marriage licenses were- Issued
yesterday:
Martin' Lepeyri, 25, 323 Thirteenth street, and
Marie Espagnalle, 18, 323 Thirteenth street
Edward E., Biggs, 40, Gridley, and Theresa
V. ' Stone, 30, Gridley.
Charles F. Werner, 24, 1884 Union street, and
Adelina von der Mehden. 16, 1835 Green street
Frank M. Black, 29, 1324 Octavia Btreet. and
Lillian E. Bradshaw. 21. 2107 California street.
Ernest N. -Yountj, 39. Birds Landing and
Helen M. Butterfleld, 33, Suisun.
George W. Cunningham, 30, Chicago, and
Eva M. Randall, 18. Alameda.
Antonio Vatuone, 24, 2035 Powell street, and
Caterlna de Martini, 20, 2035 Powell street.
Stephen Thomas, 43, 1034 Clay street and
Reberta Rankins, 43, 1020 Jackson street. '
Giovanni Ferera, 26, 1347 Dupont street, and.
Maria L. Balletto, 26. 1347 Dupont street. •
Friedrich Nicolaus, 24. 1592 Post street, and
Alice Beck, 26, 1739 Buchanan street.
Thomas Fltzpatrick, 28, 24 Minna street, and
Maggie Holland, 26, 37 Tehama street.
Felix Cerini, 43, 625 Vallejo street, and Lou-
isa. Lemosre, 40, 1926 Mason street.
James -H. Boyer, 26, city, and Lulu I. Mao-
Donald, • 24. city.
\u25a0William H. Kroencke, 26. 1807 Pine street,
and Bertha Mohrdlck. 25, ,709 Polk street.
BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEAim
Birth, marriage and 'death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence: of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAKER — In Corte Madera, October IS, 1901, to
the wife of Charles H. Baker, a daughter.
ENNIS— In this city, October 16, 1901, to the
wife of Antone.W. Ennis, a daughter.
KOPPEN— In this city, October 15. .1901. to the
wife of George J. Koppen, a daughter.
TRAVERS— In this city, October 3, 1901, to the
wife of J. J. Travers. a daughter. --
~~ ~ MARRIED.
CRANDALL— DE LANEY— In this city, Octo-
ber. 16, 1901, by the Rev. Frank K. Baker,
Joseph J. Crandall and Katharine De Laney.
DELLEGAR— WALSH— Frederick C. Dellegar
and May Walsh, both of San Francisco
DOVE— AHLGREN— In this city, October 16
1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor of
the First English Lutheran Nphurch, Joseph
A. Dove and Emma L. Ahlgren. both of San
\u25a0 Francisco. ~ • ' -
HOLLOPETER— MARTIN— In thU city, Octo-
ber 16. 1901, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Wil-
liam H. Hollopeter of San Francisco and Mae
Acnes Martin of Sausallto.
JOHNSON— SANDS— In this city, October 8,
1901, by .the Hevi Father Dempeey, Anthony
. J. Johnson of Pleaeanton and Nellie E.
Sands of San Mateo. •• , - •
KOHN— JONES— In this city, October 16, 1901,
by Thcmaa.F. Dunne. Justice of the Peace,
Walter B. Kohn' of Alameda and Joaephlne
M. Jones, of - San Francisco.
TAYLOR— GROTEFEND— In • London, October
,2, 1901. Dr. Albert H.'. Taylor and Elliabeth
Eaton Grotefend. both of San -Francisco. •
~ \u25a0 •;.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 died. \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0:•- - :
Anderson, Robert . '^Meherin, Frances A.
Arata; John " Merritt, John DJ
Atkins, L. G. F. Millmeister. Christina
o Baker. Lollta Healing, Timothy
Barron, Bezy C. , Salz. Fannie
Breslauer/ Danlella ' Saul, Ellen
Chateau, Charles A. Schlueter. Carl C. T.
Gauch. "Wllhelmlna Sichel. Rachel .
Hughes, Mary ; . -.•\u25a0• Stephens,- Nelson L.
Keith. Mrs. Margaret Stuart. Marie L.
Lawton. Matilda J. - Tlllson. Anson T.
McGovern, Joseph E. " .
ANDERSON— In ' this city. October 1J. ' 1901.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE .'
A highly improved country home' and Invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of 180
a.cres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapes. • There
is a family orchard surrounding the
The improvements consist of a large 12-room
modern residence, with . spring water piped
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand-
pome. grounds containing: a large fish pond and
fountain. There are also 'stables and other
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view \u25a0 of the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine industry Js as-
sured good prices for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton. which
makes a resistant vineyard an investment prop-
osition. This property Is worth your immediate
investigation. For full information call on or
address. McAFEE BROTHERS,'
\u25a0 10S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Caly
&AX RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
SAN RAFAEL— To let, lease or' for sale, fur-
nished or unfurnished, 10-room house, large
lot: tunny corner: near depot. "R. J. TRUM-
BULL. 419 Sansome st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$400— LOT 35x100: Chestnut st. ; all street work
done; part cash or -will build on this lot to
suit. J. • H. YOUNG. , builder, 1243 Park st:
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
{150— ACRE lots; $10 cash, $10 per month. "W.
C. MORAN & CO. \u25a0_
$100— LOTS; $10 cash. flO per. month. W. C.
MORAN & CO. . \
$500 — LOTS in the "Wheeler Tract; send for
maps. . W. C. MORAN & CO.
$600— 5 ROOMS; lot 50x130; chicken-house, well,
pump and tank ; $50 • cash, balance \u25a0 $10 ' per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
?800— $100 CASH, balance $12 per month; lot 40x
130; well and pump. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000 — SEE the new 5 and 6 room cottages I am
building at Golden Gate,. Lorin and Ashby
| stations; $100 down, balance $20 per month;
every modern W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorin. and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRL'ITVALE FUR.M5HEP HOUSES.
ON Frultvale ave., bet. Hopkins st. and Chi-
cago ave., furnished house of six rooms and
I bath; 'large yard, with fruit,, shrubs and flow-
v ers. Apply on premises. . ' \u25a0 ' '
FRUITVALE HOUSES. »
HOUSE of 6 rooms, partly furnished, to rent
cheap for winter. Ad. 3540 Nineteenth, S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2500— HANK SALE— $2500. - ; "^
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc, with folding doors and sanitary plumb-
ing; lot 30x100 feet, above the street grade,
with nice open lawn and stone walks and all
street- Improvements; insured for $2000 and
all In fine condition; electric cars in front and
only a few blocks from Adeline-st. station;
location very desirable; handy to schools and
churches; liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$800— PLAIN but cozy cottage of five rooms in
good condition; sunny side; close to San Pablo
ave. electric cars; street work all done; In-
sured for $800; policy paid for three years in
advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $8 to
$10 per month ; look this up ; . owner on prem-
GEO. W. AUSTIN' & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. •
A— SPECIAL list; Investigation solicited.
$22,500— Magnficent home sacrificed; 1 year old.
$13,500— Lakeside residence; formerly $20,000.
$6300—15 acres fronting electric road; snap.
$18,500— Mtg. $8500; sacrifice; Haywards ranch.
joOOO — Rents $50 mo. ; choice modern flats. - .
: J6SJ0 — Choicest home in Piedmont for price.'
$2500— Mtg. $2000; hew 6 rooms; corner 65 ft.
$2350— Bank sale; $250 cash; Adeline station.
$2600— Neat 7 r. cottage; 21st and Telegraph.
$1000— Magnificent lot, 60x150; formerly $2500.
$1250— Mtg. $900; cozy 5 r. home; E. O. station.
$800— Cost $30C0; West Berkeley; corner store,
$1000— Cottage 5 rooms; Market sta.; rent $11.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A CHANCE for big profit— Wanted, 6 or more
persons to invest $1500 cash In the purchase
of a beautiful tract of acreage property; ex-
cellently located for subdividing Into lots;
must be secured immediately; principals only.
Address H.. box 2343. Call offlce. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOtrSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 3031— 3 sunny rooms furnished
for light housekeeping; no children.
EDDY. 323—2 connecting sunny back basement
rooms; cozy and comfortable; $8. • '•
EDDY, .743 — Large alcove;, also connecting
room; gas stove; running, water; phone. :. :
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms; bath; laundry; reasonable. \u25a0 . / . .
GpLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Front alcove, with
privileges of kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Desirable furnished
suite housekeeping; refer'ences required. '. •
GOUGH, 437-rLight furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny connecting completely
furnished rooms; running water; $10; others.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front parlor suite; also al-
cove suite; 8 rooms; housekeeping; $25. . -
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping. •:.\u25a0\u25a0.;
OAK, 119— Sunny room furnished for housekeep-
ing:; suitable for one or two; $7. \u25a0.
OCTAVIA, 1403 corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas stove;' housekpg.
PINE, 2812—2 sunny furnished rooms; use of
i kitchen, bath and laundry; cheap.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TAYLOR. 106 — 3 nice housekeeping rooms and
yard. . - •
TWO nice sunny rooms for light housekeeping;
north of Market; rent $12. Box 1224. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO IiET—Fora. and Unfarn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill atached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to i3 week.
A N{CE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; .bath; teL 332 Stockton. et.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rme.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHANGED hands, 309 Sutter it.— Rooms,' light
housekeeping, also single roomi. $1 50 wk. up.
CLAUGHTON. THE, 1111 Sutter St.— '
Bright, clean rooms for quiet gentlemen, $1 75
per week; handsome front suite, moderate, ...
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EUGENE, 265- - O'Farrell — New House, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths free; first-class.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
ot.. near Fourth. - • \u25a0. - ', .\u25a0 ' \u25a0 "\u25a0 "
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 620— Two connecting
rooms; large closets; grate; gas and bath;
nicely furnished. r .•\u25a0' . \u25a0
HOTEL ST. DENIS {European plan),; 24Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly, first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the'clty; references;
take Market-st. cable cars .to Turk, st. ... ;•
HOWARD, 1063, "Th« Harvey"-Single and
double rooms'; electric lights, etc. ; $1 50 up.
JONES, 923 — Elegant eunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; elngle rooms.
MARKET, 1916, nr. Franklin— Sunny single
front rooms. $1 SS per \u25a0week.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms,- $10 up.'
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent $25. Atfply 922 Ellis st*
Robert, beloved son of Rlchard*A.' and' Cora
Anderson of Antloch, Cal., ( a native of Som-
ersvllle, Cal.,-- aged 5 years 10 months and
7 days. V- . _• . - • •
ARATA— Iir this city, October 17, 1901, John,
dearly beloved son of . Angelo and • Glovahnar
Arata, and brother of Steven. Nicholas, Da-
vid, Louis and Louisa Arata and Mrs. Rosla
Cordano, a . native of New York, aged 31
•years 8 months and 17 days. , . ! .
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to, attend the funeral Sunday,
October 20. at ' 1 o'clock, from . the funeral
parlors of Valente, & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Holy Cross \u25a0 Cemetery.
ATKINS— In this -city,- October 16.' 190J, L. G.
F. Atkins, beloved husband of Etta Atkins,
son of Robert "-C. and Nellie Atkins, and
brother of RoberfS., Milton H. and Ches-
ter H. Atkins, a -native of San Francisco;
aged 32 years 11 months and 18 days.' • : :
tE^Frlenda and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited • to attend the. funeral •\u25a0 to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1348 Hyde street. Interment I.- O. O.
F. Cemetery. \u25a0 Interment private. Pleasa
omit flowers. • '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
BAKER— In -this city.' October' IS. 1901.- Lollta,
£ beloved wife of Peter Baker, a native of
Denmark, aged 38 years. > \u25a0 . : '
• [CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully . invited to attend, the funeral to-day
: ("Friday), at . 2 o'clock, from the parlors, of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell • street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BARRON— In this city. October 16, 1901. Bezy
C. Barron, beloved . wife of the. late -William
Barron, and mother of Caroline M.- and Nan-
na W. Barron, . a native of Darlen, Ireland.
E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1510 Jones street, thence to Old St.
Mary's Church, corner Dupont and California
.streets, where a requiem high \u25a0 mass .will be
Bald for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. : Interment private., .
BRESLAUER— In this city. October 16. 1901,
Daniella Breslauer. beloved daughter -of
Hulda and the late Daniel : Breslauer. i and
only sister of. Samuel, Louis D., Joseph, Na-
than and Martin Breslauer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 7. months and. 26
days. - \u25a0 - . .
- tnTTriends and acquaintances are respectr
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at -10 o'clock, from her.- late resi-
dence, 522 Golden Gate avenue. Interment at
New Salem Cemetery, by special funeral car
at 1 11:30 o'clock at Third and Townsend
streets. Kindly omit flowers. . . \u25a0 •
CHATEAU— In ..this city; October 16, 1901.
Charles Aujrust. dearly beloved husband of
Adolphine Chateau, and father of Mrs. A.
i Selller. a native of Sellruyere. Department
Ducher, France, aged 65 years 3 months and
21 days. - \u25a0 . •. . \u25a0 • ;
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock; from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and 'Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. •
GAUCH— In this city, October 17, 1901, Wllhel-
mlna, wife of the late John E. Gauch, and
beloved mother of Louise Gauch. and Mrs. M.
C. Siesbottel, a native of Hammersteln, Ger-
many, aged 59 years 8 months and 17 -days.
HUGHES— In this city, October 16. 1901. Mary,
beloved wife of; James Hughes, and sister of
Mrs; Condon, a native of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 75 years. r ;
KEITH— In this city,. October 16. 1901, Mrs.
, Margaret Keith, a native of St. John. N. B.,
ased 75 years. -• \u25a0 •-. ;
LAWTON— In Hllarita, Marin County, Octo-
ber 16. 1901. Matilda J... beloved wife, of Hora-
tio Lawton, and daughter of the late Captain
Henry and" Frances Allen, . and slater, of
George P. Allen, a native of San" Francisco.'
aged 41 years 1 month and 1 day. \u25a0 (Isle of
\u25a0* Man papers please copy.)
[E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral \ to-day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia. • Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. I
McGOVERN— In Oakland. October 16, 1901, Jo-
seph Earl, beloved son of James J. and Eliza
McGovern^ a native of Canada, aged 16 years
4 months and 17 days. • , . \u25a0 - .
\u25a0 ET7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend *thc funeral Sunday,
October 20, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of hia parents, 1009 Franklin street,: thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception, ,
where services will be held, commencing ai
2:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary'« Cemetery,
Oakland.
MEHERIN— In this city, October 17. 190L
Frances A., beloved child of Charles J.' and
Jennie Meherln. a native of California, aged
4 years 7 months and 21 days.
MERRITT— In this city, October 16, 1901. John
D. Merritt. a native of Chesterfield. Va.,
aged 85 years 9 months and 22 days.
|E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Ffiday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of his son.
George W. Merritt, M.D., 2323 Washington
street.
MILLMEISTER— In San Jose. October 17. 1901,
Christina, beloved wife of H. Mlllmeister,
aged 69 years. - .- • ..........
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral" Sunday,
October 20, at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 125 Lenzen avenue, San Jose. Inter-
ment at Oak Hill Cemetery.
NEALING— In this city, October 16, 1901. Tlm-
: othy. beloved husband of Mary -NeaHnjr, "a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
80 years.
{u3"The funeral will take . place to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock. . from his late_ resi-
dence, 1913 Kills street. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SALZ— In this city, ' October 17, 1901, Fannie,
beloved wife of Slgmund Salz of Centerville,
mother of Harry, Kullman, Clarence, Elma
and Arthur Salz, and sister of Charles Hart,
\u25a0Mrs. Jacob- Salz, Mrs. D. S. Rosenbaum, D.
M. Hart and Mrs. N. B. Greensfeider, a na-
tive of Bavarian aged 48 years and 2 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
N. B. Greensfeider. 2123 Pine street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace 'Cemetery, by train
leaving Third. and Townsend streets at 3:30
O'clock. \u25a0
6AUL— In Oakland, October 17, 1901. Ellen, be-
loved wife of Peter Saul, ' and mother . of
Peter M. Saul, a native of County West-
meath. Ireland, aged 70 years.
17 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
, to-morrow (Saturday)) at 9:30 o'clock; at her
late residence. 1122 Eleventh avenue, thence
to St. Anthony's Church,, where a .requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock..
St. Mary's Cemetery.
SCHLUETER— In this city, October 7, 190t
Carl Christian -. Theodore Schlueter. beloved
son of Edward Schlueter, and ' brother of
Christine, Minnie, Sophie, Rudolph, Edward
' W., Lottie and Robert Schlueter ' and Mrs.
R. L. Van der Naillen. a native of California,
aged 33 years and 11 months.
ItyFuneral private. .
SICHEL— In this city, October 17, 1901, Rachel
Slchel, daughter of Mrs. Alice Landeken,
wife of Abe Sichel, and mother of Malvin,
Lloyd, Herbert and Dorothy Slchel, aged 30
years and 6 months.
ETFuneral to-dav (Friday), at 10:15 o'clock,
from her late residence. 1737 Sutter Btreet,
' thence to Home of Peace Cemetery . by train
at 11:30 o'clock.
STEPHENS— In this city. October 17, 1901.
Nelson Lee, beloved husband of Hannah
Stephens, and father of Mr". R. B. Moore.
Mrs. W. K. McCullough and Mrs. W. H.
Ferguson, a native of Pennsylvania, aged .78
' years 11 months and 28 days.
(prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 2934 Folsom street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment private. : ,-
STUART— In San FrancUco. October 17. ! 1901,
of diphtheria, Marie- Louise Stuart, oldest
daughter of Charles Arthur and Marjorie
Stuart, aged 8 years. /
|C?Interment private. .
TILLSON — In this city, October 16, 1901, Anson
True, dearly ' beloved husband of Annie: Tlll-
non and father of Annie, Elsie and " True
Tlllson and Mrs.-C. E. Hart of New York, a
native of Augusta, Me., aged 53 years 5
months and 8 days. . . \u25a0
HENRY J. GALLAGH ER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County..
'OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
J. : HENDERSON, j Manager.
NEW FIRM OF. UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' : Association; M. J.
McBrearty,' with the : same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission . street. ' between \u25a0- Seventh . and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. , . .sj-
CREMATION.
The Odd bellows' - Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.; 6. F. f Cal.; ;.
The • ordinance prohibiting' burials .In San
Francisco after the first day of 'August. 1901,
does not ' refer \u25a0 to CREMATION. - Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing' less harmful to the Hying than the
ashes of their dead.
Permits to cremate will be issued • by a ths
Board of Health the same as heretofore. -
GEORGE , R. . FLETCHER. ManagT..
MtSICAI. IXSTRtTM EXTS Con.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.' H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 308 Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand utsrlsht icr sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister 6U . \u25a0. \u25a0
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. ?126;
Stelnway. $165. 217 Geary Bt.. room 36.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
. make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk Bt.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayea.
OFFICES AXD. STORES TO LET.
SPACE Sx20. suitable for cigar store or barber
shop. Apply 953 Howard st.,near Sixth.
228 PACIFIC and 804 Sansome St.. 2 handsome
stores, cheap. '
OIL.
OIL tanks.' second-hand, in good order; all
gUes; cheap. II. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515*
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PAl>'Xi21tS AM) UKCORATOKS.
jT^cTRolSAINEr6*0^jrGTave. ; phoneipolk^TIS^
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
PERSOXALS. \u25a0 -
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from Jl upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. *1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth. ._ . \u25a0
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus \u25a0 Med.
Co.. 734. Valencia Et., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
GRAND testimonial benefit tendered to MR.
GEO. RUSSEIv given by his many friends.
Teutoi.ia Lodge Hall. SATURDAY EVEN-
ING. Nov. lt>. Admission; 25c; ladies free.
MAN and wife, experienced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epileptics a spe-
cialty; references furnished. MERIAM, 229
Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC light in every room — 'Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
15c to $150 per night; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. , EVANS,
Domestic offlce, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. . 3338
Eighteenth el, corner Guerrero.
P. S. J. — Require one week further time to
consider your matter. -Will then answer in
this column. T. B.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., removed
free for one week by electric needle. DR.
LULA BROOKS. Mission and Sixteenth sts.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 323-324. S. F.; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles' \u2666"•lior-njade suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, Ekirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. |2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1319-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
ADELINA Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; <r>me and see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Po3t.
HAIR dressing, 25c; shampooing, 50c; switches,
$1; wigs, $15; hair dyeing a specialty. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ALL O K. Please write. Your true friend.
FLORENCE.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
. skins. Box 1205. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 437 Minna st.
RHEUMATISM cured under guarantee. Call or
write Doctor. 504 Parrott bldg., San Francisco.
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
uctism exchanged for vocal lessons. 990, Call.
A- If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 25c per pair and up.
1277 Mission* street; phone Folsom 2528. • •
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
vill do it; all druggists; phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st. '
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »t.^
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 726 Valencia st., bet. ISth & l«h.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
PLA.TIXG AND TURXI.\G~MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont St.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021% Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG "WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.; Bee testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALS.
FLATS or a. dwelling- wanted to purchase in
the Western Addition, not far out, or in the
Mission, between Dolores and Shotwell, Rid-
ley and Twenty-Becond sts.; only a property
that Is in good condition and modern will
be considered, and that can be rented easily.
as Ihe purchase is for the income. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for immediate buyers. W.
J. GUNN, 530 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a piece of . property,
improved or unimproved, on Valencia, Mis-
sion or Howard. W. J. GUNN, 530 California.
FOR SALE BY THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
• • 5 Montgomery st.
Fine large house, suitable for doctor's offlce
and residence; 14 rooms; 2 baths; southern
exposure: lots of sun; 2 car lines at the door
and close to best residence district In the
city; comparatively new house; lot 35 by 127;
price. $.14,000.
$50,000 TO Invest in inoome-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
| \u25a0 702 Market at. •
NEW modern "-room house on Nineteenth ave.
boulevard; % block south of G. G. Park, J3500*
take Oliff Houm cars. R. H. WALKER. 144
Eureka st.. builder.
$4500— A LOVELY chance for a home and busi-
ness; lot 25x100; building 2 stories, 25x70; sa-
loon and barber shop; all fixtures go; 6 living
rooms. DECK & CO., 927 Market St.. r. 208.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola at.
$3000— NEARLY new cottage of \u2666 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass st., near 21st.
FOR gale— Cottage of 4 rooms, larre basement
and yard: half each. 3022 Pierce St.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — Fo* Sale
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero
for sale; 300 acres, mostly redwood and tan
oak; 1000 fruit trees in full bearing-, prin-
cipally late apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J
EVANS, Pescadero. San Mateo County. '
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
, Small tracts. $60 to $30 per acre. on.Rancho
CotatI, Sonoma, Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CotatI Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information. ' • • * -
10- ACRE bearing, orchard and poultry ranch j
mile from Haywards; with new. modern 5-
room house, barns, stock and farming Im-
plements. Box 1231, Call offlce.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market - •
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 718 Mrket 6t.. S. F.. offlce near Call big.
12500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box* 222," Call. \u25a0 '\u25a0
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WTNFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
man fkan«:im«:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) '
LIATl — FltOU OCTOBM 6. 1301. — AR*IT»
7:OOa Benicia. Sulsao, Elmira and Sacra-
mento «-aip
7:00* Vacatule, Winters, Rumsej 7:53r
7l3OA Marlines, 3»u Uawon, V'ullejo, Nai-a,
CalUtnga ami Santa Uusa/. S:33p
8:0Oa Davis. Woodland. Kuiguts Laadioz.
Marjs.ille. Oro.iile 7t5-"lr
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and Eaak 13:S5p
»:«>\u25a0»* Xilea, Lithrop, Stockton ?:2ap
8:00.\ NUes, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille *:M»
\u25a0tSUA Shasta Express— Daf is, "Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willowa. Red
Bluff. Portlaud, 7«53*
• iliOA San Jose. . Iifermoie, .Stockton,
• lone, Sacramento. Plaoerrille,
Marystllle, Chic... Ue.l Hlnfr 4:25r
»i»Oi OakcUle, Chinese, Sonorn. Carters... 4:23p
II:O»a Hajwartl. Miles &ud Way Utatious.. Hi»»A
B:«OA Vallejo l*:23p
ViOVa Los Angeled Erpresn — Martinez.
Tracy, Latlirop. .Stockton, Merced
Fresno » nil Los Anseles 7:23?
9:3OA Vallrlo. Martinez autl Way Stations ?:»3r
1O:UVA The Oterlainl Limited — Ogdeo, Den*
?er, Omaha, CMoago •'»5r
fl:OOr Sacramento KlterHie'iiiiers t 3i011 *
8:30r Hayward, NUes and Way Station*.. 7:33r
4>u»r ll-nieia. Winters, Hacraru«iru>»
Wumllaml. Kulubts Landing.
MHrysTillr, Oroiille 10:55*.
4i00p Martinex. Mau lUmon, Vallejo,
Narm, i!»li»tix». Santa Itosil I»i2.1&
4*0p NUes. Lhermore. Stockton, Lodl... I2*3r
4i:i»r Hayward. Niles, San .lose. Lirermoro t"» : •"*•** a
4 «3«F Port Cos-a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 «»:S3a
StOttpTho Out Limited— Ciesuo, Tularo.
llakersBeld, Hangu* for Sauta Bar-- .
bara, Los Auxeles S:39a
. BiOOr Martlnoz. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno ia:23»
*:.tOp New Orleans Exprera — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersfield, Los Angeles,
Dcmine, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:33a
StftOr Hayward, NUes aud San Jose ~i33*
fU:OOr Vallejo IIi23*
UiOor Oriental Mall— Ogdeu. Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13:23p
SiOOr Oriental -Mail— Ogdea, Denier,
. 8t Louii. Chicago. 4:23*
7t0ttr Oregon aud California ICx|>r«M,H»o-
. ruiiifiiti.. Marystllle. Ileririliif.
' - l'urtl»iHl. l*n R et M.riiml ami Kaat 8:5**
\u25a0 i«3rSan Pablo, P«rfc Coata, Martinez
and Way Stations*, 1I:»5a
ISiOSp VallcJ*. ?:5.1p
COAST USE (Narrow Uange).
„ - (Foot ot Market Street.)
•t 13a Newark.Ceiitertiile.Maii.loae, SVIton,
, -: l, ltoiildt)rCieek,.SautaOriizand\Yaj
Stations 5.3O*
t3»ISr Newark. C'entsrTille. San Jose, New
. Almadan, Felton. Konlder Creelr,
• • '. ' Santa Cruz and Principal Way
— Stations IO|SI»A
4tl3p Newark, .San Jose, Lou Gatos tS:3l>A
•».3or Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
BUtions tT.aWr
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From Sil mXMSCO— Fool of Marfctt Street (Slip 8)—
tV:15 9:0O ll:00*.ll. 1:03 3:J3 SllSr.M.
rftmOUUJD— rul t'BrMdwmr.— M:U0 +3.00 13:05
IQ.OOn.H. 12:00 203 1:03 r.M. ?
COAST LINE (Uroa.l linage).
(Third and Towiisciui Sts.) .
6iIWa San Jose and Way stations. «::i»p
7:00a Man Jose and WaySUUnii ls:t«p
/7«ooa New A]ma<1'ii - /*slOP
UiDDa Hmi Josa. Ties Tinos. HantA CriiK, -
Faellie Urmv, Salinas. Hsn Lois
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7il3p
10t3*)A.8an Jose aud Way Stations 4:1 Vr
I1:3Oa Han .lose mid Way Stations StSOr
t*:43rSan Mateo, Uednnod, Menlo rark,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose. -
Tres Finos, Santo ittm. Salinas.
Monterey and Pucilic <JroT« tl O: *'»i
SiSOr SanJoaeaud Way Stations. 6::t«U
f4:!Sr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations "J; l-»*
iSiOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations
8<3I>P R*n .lose anil Principal Way .Stations H:36a
\u25a0<OOr Eedwood. Han Jose. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03.*
<S::iOr San Jose and Way .Stations t*:«l«A
alH43r San Jose and Way Stations 6;3Oy
A for Morning I' fnr Afternoon,
t Hiinday eieented. t Sunday only
• Saturday only. .ZTusadWL*!" 1 Pridaym^
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily ' • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p T:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
I" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
'•*„ Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
-••- Bakrsflld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a .......;.-
" Kan. City ..+.... 2:40 a 7:30 a
. ** Chicago > 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
- rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class - - passengers. ' No second-class
" tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points- in' San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oalc-
land.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBI EL C&
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClfiS
RAILWAY COMPANY..
Tlburon Firry. F*»t «f j— tin A
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. ' Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and' 11:30 p. m. • •
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at -1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. zn.; 1:49, !:«,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. ' '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28, 1301. | San .Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. ' | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, .
7:30 am * ' "Windsor. . 10:25 ara
E :00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyservilla,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:0O pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
7:30 ami 10:40 am 10:23 am
I 8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pml t:00 pm >*\u25a0 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8.00 am' Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:13 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am!10:25 ami
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pea
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Uerley'a, Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, .West-
port, Usal, Wllllts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcls
building.
h; c. whiting, r. x. ryan.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
JSL jrsrsssc SI
9-80 a. 8:00a. ntmiat W , T- u 1M 1.00 r. Mb a.
7w, Sjui TimmImo to Summit and TWturn. S1.9O.
ScUtOOow, «a JLUXET STSZZT aod SAU&UIIO RX&T.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKST ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
(lis^as<» wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
C'nre» guaranteed. Callorwrft*
Dr. J. F. OIBBOM. Sau Francisco. Cfti.
1 EAILWAT TRAVEL.
MRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- Via Sausallto pecry. .
Commencing September 29; 19QL
FROM BANj^OSCOTOttlLI. VALLEY
n^^til^if'^-s^p. mV 00 •*• m -
EXTRA -TKIPfr-FoP' Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur.
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. * "**
SUNDAYS— •3:00. »10:00, ni:M a. m. "IMS.
3:15; -•4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.= m. • . ' • -^**
Tralna marked \u25a0(•)\u25a0 run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
S 5%, 8 n? ' U^
SUNDAYS-«:15. »8:0O, •10:00, 11:15' a. m.
•1-40 *3:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m. - 1U "
Trains marked (•) starV from San Quentin.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdayi
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 3:30
E-00 6:45 D. in. . \u25a0' . . . - *
".;-.'- THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ••; \u25a0 ' ". •"• "• - \u25a0 * - . > .-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. -
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Suriday'tlme."
WISCEI.LASEOCS KOR S^ i.E Con.
fr FJUFT-CLAFS second-hand modern engines and
•*\u25a0 boilers bought arnd fold. KROGH M.FG. CO..
J-17 Srevenson ft., near First.
li'Ol KAMBLERS, Eaeles. ligrht Stearns, Snell
" and others: seoond-hand bicycles; cheap; send
lor list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
KlXH suits. J10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING TARLORS. <S7 Montgomery Et.
A—^3 f.O DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Trice Hatters, S30 Kearny St.. near Pine.
BAR outfits." showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWEKDT, S21 Mission st.
CIGAR stand cheap if sold to-day; owner go-
ing to Seattle. 34 Eddy st.
J'HOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing'. 309 Montgomery Et.
FIRST-CLASS ticket to Colorado cheap. Ad-
dr-ess box 1231, Call offlce.
OFFER wanted on small stock millinery. v Ad-
dress 523 E. Eleventh Bt.. East Oakland.
FIXE sealskin, slightly used: size 36 bust; will
sell for »00; cost 1175. Box 1154, Call offlce.
LARGE vault front; also large fireproof safe
cheap. PER1AM & CO.. 42 Main st. \u25a0
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
duction. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California gt.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in etock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JKWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAXD. 126 Kearny st.. room 29.
, liAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
l tures - EULLARD & CRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all eizes. new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. oil Mission et.
EAFES-.Vew and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
KNGIKES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel -
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California Et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages. Bent to ar.y address In the
United States or Canada onr yrar for fl.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy gasoline^boatr^tosTTeeif
6 to 15 horso. Apply for next 30 days to A.
HOWARD, care of Xichols & Barnum Eu-
reka, Cal.
WANTED— Gasoline engines from 3 to 4 horse-
power; must be in good condition and cheap.
bnx 1239, Call office.
WANTED— A 1100 or M00 volt single phase al-
terruting dynamo. Address C. W. LANG-
STOKF. Forest Hill. Cal.
WANTED — Small room with u«e of steam for
heating purposes. Bex 1253, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash H. L. WH1TEHEAD. 1706 Market et.
TILTOX Tvants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
WILL pay cash for your old sealskins. Ad-
dress at ence. box P7. Call office.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAn"cOMPANT^
rl IS00.000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages. life insurance & securities. Loans
* en unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. " We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024 HAS-
H ATT AX LOAX CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAX
2i Montgomery et., room 3
J2tO. 000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
. tercets in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property: will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER, 337
Parrott building.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronisle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loana
en second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and elzes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
6€»e HERMAN' MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AXY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny ct., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskirjs at lowest rate of interest.
* Grant ave., near Market st.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1C03.
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. J1ORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
<juick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
&ge; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOANS on piano?, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Ormeby. 26 Montg., office 7.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
fltlor.c E. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
i r x on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy 6t.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
coiamis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
etrlctly private. LICK. US McAllister at.
„ ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st,, r. U
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. ECDELL. 222 Sansome gt.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 221 Parrott building.
LCsANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
Plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
EVERYBODY is~7nvited to call_.and listen to
ihe wonderful Simplex piano players as ex-
hibited in cur v, art-rooms every day. They are
the best and cheapest of all piano players and
the easiest to manipulate. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Market 6t.. Pa-
cific Coast acents.
WE are the only house carrying the cele-
brated Decker & Son and Baumeister pianos.
Our prices are always low and our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market St.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest
Tiest of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. Xew pianos
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
come good pianos for $3. J4 and %5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny end Sutter sts.. Ban Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HCNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up-
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs irom $25 up; new up-
• right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
son and Hamlln, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano eold by us taken back any time
within a yeare and full purchase price al-
4 lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
\ price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
I.iano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 20
O'Farrell st.; established 1850^ ._
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
ecle agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
pain list, $00 up; Stelnway. $1S5 up; Fischer,
1100; Chickering, J1C5; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducement* to 8 gents. 217 Geary »t
A SMALL Weber upright. *123; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steckj
. oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $1»
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth Bt.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure- tc realize on account of
Btrlke has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in etorace to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; tecond-hand pianos 'for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170t Market st.
PIANOS — The moft modern and up-to-date;
Steck, Everett, Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 9SJ Market Bt,
S. F. ; (Branch Store. 951 Broadway, Oakland).
PIANO, upright, nearly new, for sale cheap.
140 Minna st-
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano: handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 595 Ellis st.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
CAKLOAD $400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
/ Kieat bargains. BRUENX. 208 Poet st_
TA PIANO pianola and music on sale; cost (950;
\ now $3S5; party going away. 217 Geary st.
\u266625— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new. fSS. 217 Geary et."Did you consider at that time that the
money share was for the purpose of cor-
Hume said that he resisted the attempt
made by McKenzie to force himself into
the partnership, but was compelled to
submit. . .
McKenzie said that the United States
Attorney's oiiice would be under his con
trol, and that he was then purchasing
claims. At that time he told Hume that
Hubbard would probably be the District
Attorney. \u25a0 ' . •
would be District Attorney and that the
Judge - would , be named by McKenzie's
friends.
SCENE IN COMMISSIONER HEACOCK'S COURTROOM WHILE ATTORNEY HUME 'GIVES TESTIMONY OF A
DAMAGING CHARACTER TO. JUDGE NOYES DURING THE PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION IN THE NOME
CONTEMPT CASES.
Colonel A. J. Vining, nead of the In
quiry department in the main postoflice
on Washington street. Is seriously ill with
congestion of the brain at his residence,
2134 Pine street. . \u25a0
•i — -*
Colonel Vining Seriously 111.
Roanoke Rye. Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret It. •
Jenkins Is Arrested.
S.' C. Jenkins,- treasurer of Mount Ta
n'alpais Camp, "Woodmen of the World,
waH tirrcjted at his home in Fruitvnle by
Detective Dillon yesterday and brought to
the City Prison, where he was booked on
the charge of felony embezzlement. He la
accused of embezzling $290.
Is what makes your room pleasant to live
in. We can give you pretty mattings in
any tints you want. They cost very little,
but when you have mounted on them half
tones or any pretty pictures you chance
to see you will have an enviable collection.
Call and see what we have In mattings,
pictures and frame*. Sanborn, Vail &
Co,, 741 Market street. •
Your Own Good Taste
The third day. of thetrial of the contest
of the" wiir of Mrs. Eva Craig in Judge
Coffey's court developed nothing new in
the way of evidence tendiner to show the
decedent's soundness of mind. O. K. Mc-
Murray, a brother.of.Mrs. Craig, testified
that his Bister used narcotics to a con
siderable extent. He further testified that
she told him there was nothing in the
rumors connecting her , name and Bod
well's.
Craig Will Contest.
The Judges at the Pan-American Exposition,
Buffalo, have awarded three gold medals to
Walter Baker & Co.. Limited, Dorchester,
Mass., for. the superiority of their Breakfast
Cocoa and all of their cocoa and chocolate
preparations, and the excellence of their ex
hibit. This • Is - the thirty-seventh highest
award received by them from the great expo
sitions in Europe and America.
HIGHEST AWABD
' ON
COCOA AND CHOCOLATE.
rupting the court?" asked McLaughHn.
"I did not consider that any money de
rived from our firm would go to the cor
ruption of Judge Noyes. I gathered from
McKenzie that he had absolute control of
Noyes," was the reply.
"Did you believe Judge Noyes could be
corrupted by anybody?"
"I can say yes with an explanation.
b rom what McKenzie told me about the
payment of all Judge Noyes' expenses and
the expenditure of 160,000 on him and cer
tain protestations made by McKenzie
about a trifling with Justice by Judge
Noyes I did believe Judge Noyes could be
corrupted. :, It tvas not a favor, but sub
stantial .results in - litigation."
Continuing Hun/e said: "I will not say
that -I- paid' McKenzie any money or con
sideration for the corruption of Judge
Noyes. I was told that in two cases un
less we ; turned over our contingent inter
ests to the Alaska, Gold , Mining Company
we would not get the receivership. My
opinion ' of Noyes was formed on what
McKenzie • stated, corroborated bv the
court's rulings." •
Then followed an examination into the
various rulings of the court which led
Hume tO'-his opinion about Judge Noves'
corruptibility, particularly the appoint
ment of receivers.. T
An adjournment ' until to-day at 10
o'clock was then taken.
court to be as lenient with him as possi
ble. The withholding of the keys to the
deposit vault was one of the most flag
rant violations of the Circuit Court's
writ.
Hume Takes the Stand.
Hume's story took almost two sessions
in the telling. By direct and cross ex
amination all the relations between Hume
and Noyes were exposed. Hume's ver
sion incriminates Noyes and McKenzie,
inculpating both to a like degree, but
making the latter the agent and inter
mediary in all the dealings that reflect
upon the court and the court's appointee.
The witness was a partner of . the law
firm of Hubbard, Beeman & Hume, and
came in direct contact with Judge Noyes
and McKenzie in their attempts to regu
late the justice of the country to suit
themselves.
Hume represented some claimants of
Anvil Creek property. . A l few days after
McKenzie's arrivalln Nome he paid- Hume
a visit, l The witness had contingent in
terests In some of these mining claims and
McKenzie knew;- it. Hume said in" course
of his testimony:- "\u25a0 . \ .-•' . .
•-"McKenzie 'represented" to • myself that
he controlled the' Judge" and' District At
torney and it would be best to have'our
interests .transferred i to^ him, . as .it was
necessary for him to control that litiga
tion. : Otherwise we would not get a hear
ing." \u25a0 \u25a0 .- -; -\u25a0 .\u25a0• '.
-The demand- made I by : McKenzie \u25a0 was
that Hubbard, Beeman and Hume should
turn over -a. one-fourth interest \u25a0" in the
claims. With McKenzie was- associated
United States District Attorney Wood. ..
,- Then' McKenzie insisted -that' Hume be
made "Deputy District Attorney and the
latter admitted that he accepted the po
sition after a discussion with his partners
as it .was ' the only way to save his clients'
interest. • " , •
Continuing history Hume testified:
"McKenzie said he ' spent $60,000 in get
ting these appointments— those of Noyes
and Wood. 'He came from New York to
organize a mining company and said that
unless we agreed, to his propositions we
would lose business and incur the en
mity of the court and himself." ,
McKenzie Steers Ship.
According to the terms' agreed upon Mc-
Kenzie was to become a silent and Wood
an active member of. the court. McKen
zie was to receive a one-fourth interest
in the firm's profits, which was to be de
voted to the "advantage of Judge Noyes."
- "Personally- 1 don't want- anything,"
Hume declared McKenssie ; to have said.
"This Judge,", said Hume, repeating Mc-
Kensiie's statement, "is weak and vacil
lating. ,1 have to hold him up. You must
give up half your business. Beeman and
myself. refused. , 'This must be done,', said
McKenzie. We thought it over until next
day and finally acquiesced, as we feared
McKenzie would crush us."
" So a partnership agreement was drawn
up and the firm . became Hume, Wood,
Hubbard, Beoman & McKenzie. The pa
pers were laid in a safe, but they disap
peared arid Hume said he never saw them
afte.r. Hubbard had access to the safe
besides* thfi' witness..'
"Then they began at once to prepare
papers which would give McKenzie the
receivership of - the claims on ' Anvil
Creek,". 'continued ' Hume. "McKenzie
wanted .to get them out hurriedly. Judge
Noyes was waiting to sign the orders, the
wagons with the 'Jumpers' aboard were
ready to do their work and In a trice the
Job was done." \u25a0 •
Something was wrong ! in the papers,
and Archie Wheeler, Judge Noyes' secre
tary, came to Hume with a draft copy
correcting the errors of the flrst. These
were the second orders of receivership. .
When the writs arrived there were
many consultations, particularly one in
McKenzio's. office, and the other in
Hume's. McKenzie suggested that Judge
Noyes should issue an • order restraining
McKenzie from turning the gold dust over
to any one. Then came a discussion how
to avoid the disobedience of the writ.'
It seems that Noyes went back on Mc-
Kenzie for a time, and after his arrest
the Judge would 1 not issue a writ of ha
beas corpus. "Wood wanted Hume to -see
McKenzie then, and at this time Wood
said: "I have the keys in my pocket and
they will not get the gold dust."
\u25a0Senator 'Carter of Montana, was men
tioned for a moment, but only as a possi
ble influence in the Noyes camp.- When
the name of Gaylen came up Carter was
attached to it. Senator Carter is related
to Gaylen, and the latter was sent out to
engage an attorney for the defendants."
The cross examination brought out the
fact that Hume had met McKenzie in
Washington In May, 1900. The latter then
told the former that he had organized a
mining company for Nome, that Hubbard
Geary's answer is a denial of giving ad
vice to McKenzie to disouey the writ.
Geary admits, however, the writing of
an opinion in which he says Judge Mor
row did not command Noyes to-dellver
possession of any property to anybody or
that the possession of property should be
interfered with.
United States District Attorney Joseph
K. Wood's answer is quite a surprise.
Wood admits in it that at the time the
Circuit Court of Appeals sent Deputy
United States Marshals Moncton and
Burnham to Nome he • had possession of
the keys to the safe deposit vault . of a
local bank where the' gold dust from the
Anvil Creek mines, which are in litiga
tion, was stored. He -further admits that
when the deputies arrived there with or
ders from the Circuit Court to' deliver the
dust to .the .Wild Goose and Pioneer Min
ing Company, from whose claim it had
been taken,. he still. had the keys and re
fused to give them up. Wood ends his
answer with a plea for mercy, asking the
Answers were filed. In the . contempt
cases yesterday morning at. the session of
the Circuit Court of Appeals. T, J.- Geary
came armed with a demurrer, which was
promptly overruled. . All answers try to
explain away the charges 'except that of
District Attorney Joseph- K. Wood for the
Nome district. He confesses, to the accu
sations made against him and throws him
self on the mercy of the court.
Judge Noyes' answer admits *a.' refusiil
on his. part to allow, an appeal from un
order appointing a 'receiver, but' avers
that in all hte acts in the premises he
acted judicially in the exercise' of Justice
and discretion. He also 'declares that At
torney Metson by an interruption of the
proceedings of the court at a busy timo
upset his decision. Judge Noyes believes
the writ of supersedeas precluded him
from making orders concerning the re
ceivership. He denies that he authorized
the United States Marshal to take posses
sion of the gold dust, und states that he
believes that it was his duty to restrain
the defendant, from removing the gold
dust from the jurisdiction of the court.
The" contempt cases,- four of them, are
the outgrowtnof a peculiar state or Judi
cial affairs that existed in the Nome coun
try, during Judge Noyes' regime. The
story- "of claim-jumping, the appointment
of receivers and McKenzie's connection
with the case has already, been told. The
worst was anticipated and that worst is
now receiving an airing in the Commis
sioner's: examination. Attorney PiUsDury
is sparing no one and by sweeping cuts is
going right to the bone of the case. • =
The opening-was a Noyes day, not that
the testimony redounded to his honesty
or credit, but that it had him as the sub
ject matter of examination. Through these
contempt proceedings the Innermost facts
of the operations of the .so-called Federal
Nome .ring* will, be brought to light.
Hume's testimony as it stands Is. a reve
lation of corruption, chicanery and dis
honesty and discloses a state of affairs
that will end In disbarments and disgrace
for many. . ..••,.....
Respondents File Answers.
E. S. Pillsbury, acting as amicus
curiae, elicited testimony from W. T.
Hume, a member of the Nome bar, that
far exceeded the expectations of sensa
tional developments in the case. Hume
was on the stand all day and will go on
again to-day, when P. J. McLaughHn,
Judge Noyes' attorney, will- finish his
cross-examination. . ; -;\u25a0 :^ : . '
Commissioner Heacock's room had nn
air of the Arctic about it yesterday. Out
side of a few attorneys from this city,
the men came from the far north, where
Justice seems to have been going a jerky
pace. First of all there was Judge Arthur
H. Noyes, who appears to show cause
why he should" not be punished for con
tempt of tlie United States Circuit Court
in not obeying 'it's writ, of supersedeas a
year ago last September. He'is represent
ed by ex-Judge P. J.' McLaughHn, a. man
high in the. bar.of Minnesota, and Francis
J. Heney --of '.this., city. .'Ex-Judge James
G. Maguire^was present in the.morriing to
look out for the interests of Tom: Geary
of Nome. ,. C, S." A. Frost, a court officer,
and J. K. Wood, the District Attorney of
Nome,: were also I on hand. So far \u25a0 they
have rot been 1 on the grill. Their time
will come,- the -amicus; curiae promised.
Others who were attentive listeners, were
Attorneys. Aletson, Kenneth M. Jackson
and ex-Judge Johnson. . . -
THE taking of testimony in the
Nome contempt cases has begun.
Before Commissioner Heacock
yesterday morning and afternoon
As soon as Black commenced .to strug
gle one' of the men seized him by the
throat with one hand and struck him sev
eral severe blows on the head. The other
of the pair of thieves searched the strug
gling man's pockets and took .a watch
and chain valued at $300. The jeweler
raised an outcry before his money was
reached and the thieves ran down Com
mercial street and disappeared.
John Black, a jeweler of Tucson, Ari
zona, was held up and robbed of a valu
able go'.d watch on Kearny street, near
Commercial, early yesterday morning.
The robbery was committed by . two
thieves, one of whom held the Arizona
man \u25a0 while the other went through his
pockets. A report of the matter was
made to the Central police station.
Black has been in San Francisco sev
eral days en route to Honolulu. Wednes
day night he was returning to: his hotel
and by mistake wandered down. Kearny
street. Alter he had passed Sacramento
street . he was accosted by two men.
Both men took the jeweler by- the arm
and invited him to takea drink. ' Black
replied that he was r.ot drinking and
made an effort to break away from the
strangers.
No sooner had the boat commenced to
pass through the bridge than it struck
bottom. Its impetus, although it was not
traveling at a high rate of speed, aided
by the soft, yielding slime, carried the
boat half way throug-h before it ftuck
fast. Despite all effort to dislodge it.
there the huge/, unwieldy vessel remained
tenaciously all afternoon and far into the
night. Every moment the lowering tide
caufed It to sink deeper- and deeper Into
the mud and rendered the efforts of the
crew more and more unavailing.
AH this time the street cars were being
stacked up on the track on either side of
the bridge. Hundreds of wagons were
forced to return and go to the Potrero
by way of Sixth street. The people who
reside in the Potrero were forced to take
a circuitous route in order to reach their
home.
The steamer Zinfandel lodged in the
mud and slime of Channel Creek directly
under the draw of the Fourth-street
bridge and caused an embarrassing ob
struction of traffic yesterday afternoon
and last night on lower Fourth street.. At
the time the boat became stalled it was
carrying a small load of shakes to a lum
ber yard west of the bridge. At all times,
even at flood tide, Channel Creek is but a
ehailow affair. At the time the captain
of the Zinfandel attempted passage the
tide was rapidly running out.
Held by Throat While His
Pockets' Are Being
Searched.
Obstruction Inconveniences
Many Hundreds of
People.
Zinfandel Sticks Fast in
\u25a0 Fourth-Street
Bridge.
Arizona Man Held Up in
Shadow of Hall of
Justice.
STALLED BOAT
BLOCKS TRAFFIC
JEWELER ROBBED
BY TWO THIEVES
The candidates for Mayor are awaiting
with some Impatience the action of the
liquor associations In the Indorsement of
nominees. The venders of beer and other
liquids are by no means unanimous #i
the subject before them. The problem is
eo perplexing that the leaders In the scv
era) associations are advising that no in
dorsements for Mayor be made. For a
time Eugene K. Schmltz. the Union Labor
nominee, seemed to be the prime favorite
of the liquor dealers, but the advisability
of lending the stamp of approval to a
class candidate, whose prospects of suc
cess are not growing brighter, is begin
ning to be questioned by the conservative
men in the liquor trade.
The California Demokrat. 1 the German
newspaper, further complicates the situa
tion by republiahing from the flies of the
Alia California articles showing that Asa
R. Wells, as a member of the Society for
the Suppression of Vice, advocated the in
crease of the retail liquor license tax from
$84 to $1000 per annum. The Demokrat
publishes Mr. Wells* record in this recard
in English and German.
The contest between John Farnham
Republican, and Patrick Boland. Demo
crat, for the office of Public Administra
tor is developing some peculiar phases of
political agitation. The story goes tha*
Farnham, in the event of his election will
appoint "as his attorney ex-Senator Frank
McGowan. When Thomas , D. Riordan
chairman of the late Republican conven
tion, heard of- this arrangement he was
so embittered that he used campaign lan
guage of the hottest kind. It is now whis
pered that the chairman of the late con
vention Is picking out conspicuous places
for the display of Boland banners. It is
said in justification of his wrath that Ri
ordan had a candidate of his own selec
tion for the position of attorney for the
Indorsements.
Candidates for Mayor Impatient Over
Association's Delay to Hake
AWAITING ACTION OP
TEE LIQUOR, DIALLERS
The politicians are making: guesses
about the unexpended $10,000 of the sum
of $30,000 collected from the corporations
to swing the primary election In favor of
the boss ticket. Abe Ruef believes that
every dollar was expended and that the
corporations may be called on to pro
vide for the deficiency. The notion that
Crimmlns could hold out anything to
which Martin Kelly was entitled to equal
division is not respected by campaigners
\u25a0who are familiar -with Kelly's rough-and
ready tactics in dealing- with Crimmins.
The fact that Crimmlns Is on the earth
is cited as proof that Kelly got at least
half the amount contained in the envel
ope. There were broad hints yesterday
ttat a further disbursement of $7500 had
just been ordered.
At the Republican ratification meetlnf
at Metropolitan Temple to-morrow night
Asa R. "Wells will address his fellow citi
zens. .The meeting is to be a campaign
opener, with music and a platform pa
rade of candidates.
Public Administrator and If this candi
date declined he would take the Job him
self.
Therefore, the Building Trades Council desires
it to be distinctly understood that It Is not a
party to, has no candidates in, or affiliation
with, the -above mentioned Union Labor party,
and desires to Impress upon every trades union
man connected with the building industry that
this municipality. is best governed when public
servants are selected from the entire commu
nity, without regard to any particular class.
O. A. TVEITMOB,
Secretary Building Trades Council.
The above being true, does it not follow that
unionism, as it has been established, furthered
and conducted by the Building Trades Council,
having been instrumental in bringing about
these conditions, and these conditioons having
proven to be the best government ever experi
enced by the citizens of this city and county,
a continuance - of the same methods through
the same channels will ultimately bring about
the greatest success looked forward to by union
ism as enunciated In this, the Building Trades
Council?
Should Stay in Old Channel.
As the council has done In the past so it will
continue to do in the future, only with in
creased energy, to the end that what it has so
well begun may be carried along to a success
ful conclusion and that the masses may receive
the many benefits accruing from the above men
tioned laws giving to the citizens the control of
public utilities, some of which will, if proper
care be taken, come to the people within the
next two years.
The Building: Trades Council feels to-day as
it did then. It is opposed to unions, as unions,
entering the political field, and feels that any
political movement of an exclusive character
limited and restricted to any order, fraternity
or organization, or any other element or class
of society cannot be productive of the results
required by a well governed community.
It is only within the recent past that the
Building Trades Council, through the agency of
the members comprising the affiliated unions,
and by co-operating with the other citizens of
this community, has brought about laws such
as the eight-hour day, the minimum rate of
wages, the initiative and referendum and many
other important reforms benefiting alike the
citizens of tbis community, be they laboring,
mercantile, financial or professional.
Opposes Unions in Politics.
At Us regular meeting- held on June 13, 1901.
the Building Trades Council, having under
consideration the organization of a Union Labor
party, "after careful and serious consideration,
adopted a resolution presented by Delegate J.
B. Williams of Carpenters' Union No. 22 as the
sentiment of the Building Trades Council. The
said resolution deprecated the organization of
such a party as inimical to labor's interest and
one which, if pursued, would cause dissension
in labor's ranks and ultimately prove extremely
damaging to the cause of unionism because of
Its being diametrically opposed to strict trade
union principles.
The Building- Trades Council of San
Francisco officially issues the following'
clear and pointed declaration that it has
no affiliation or connection with the Un
ion Labor party:
The Building Trades Council desires it to be distinctly understood
that it is not a party to, has no candidates on the ticket or affiliation
with the Union Labor party, and desires to impress upon every trades
union man connected with the building industry that this municipality
is best governed when public servants are selected from the entire com
munity, without regard to any particular class.
Clear Declaration Against Class Movement in
Municipal Government — Politicians Say
Kelly Got Share of Plunder.
COUNCIL OF BUILDING
TRADES OPENLY OPPOSES
THE UNION LABOR PARTY
THE SAN fEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1901.
First .'Day of the Hearing Before Commissioner Heacock
Productive of Sensational Charges on Part
of Attorney Hume.
CORRUPTION AND DISHONESTY
UNEARTHED BY THE TESTIMONY
IN THE NOME CONTEMPT CASES
14
Of course you have heard of
Mrs. Piper— the great medium
"~of spirit messages. She has
puzzled the Society for Psychi-
, cal Research for years. Next
Sunday's ball will print. HER
' CONFESSION IN PULL AND
EXCLUSIVELY ON THIS
' COAST. Get the Call or you
will miss this great revelation
>'• of modern times.
THE ki?!FiiWff UpM •\u25a0
CD V IO -/N tl W • '\u25a0 u <\ \u25a0 \\ j£~~\ '
• .. .. VOICt, A) . (\\ J
— 0Z
You get twentij dollars' [worth of style. You get
twenty dollars' worth of worth. It's worth every soli-
tary sou of twenty dollars for
$11.00
That's the coat you see pictured above, The Stroller.
It's the yoke coat, and yoke coats are the craze. It's
the long coat with the yoke, and lon<$ coats are the
craze. The yoke coat is the swell and smart coat.
The yoke coat is the swagger coat. The yoke coat is
the real thing. The Stroller, '
$11.00
And you don't have to come inside and see it if
you don t want to. It's in the window. Made from
the finest fabrics in stripes with the yoke. In^ plaids
with the yoke, and in that plain, genteel, refined and
dressy Oxford gray cheviot, and with sleeve linings of
satin. The Stroller, °
And The Stroller has caught the town, caught the
town because others are asking $20 for a coat that
can't compare with The Stroller at
$11.00
£^$&y •% iWcoapoRATED Union Square Ave.
Rain Coats of All Sorts, But the Best of All Sorts.
u — s a \u25a0 — — — — n
Notice that swell hat on the first pic- Our winter catalogue places you
iura of these overcoats? That's the in touch with our winter fashions for
road hat in black. It's a swell 0 1 en man/ boy and child. Read/ for mailina :
hat for winter. yl,OU now. \; * .,
- *
Oior Best Effort in "l^^^^S
p oc k e t = Books : /^SB^.
and Purses. - if II^IT
Best, because we !^*^^&$<%y '•• '
—Jfever had so many pocket-boohs § sZ^^S •
and all of them so new and good 1 j^
and so reasonahly priced. 3 / ))
They are sold on their merit — so many times \u25a0 \u25a0 f § 1E$
pocketbooks are sold on their looks. You Eg / /^ / ff\
don't have to be shrewd to get your full 8 / && / Js^Jr
money's-worth now. We wanted to be so |/ . Js? H ,
certain we'd give only reliable pocketbooks H/ S Jtr H
that we got an expert to watch over them. H^ J nAfSl /1/ja
It would be folly for. us to try and build up 1 J».
a pocketbook business if we didn't give val- H
So. in the light of these facts, it seems H ra5§®»Plliifi^&
hardly possible that we can sell heavy a f 'i^^^^^^^^MxL
Buckskin Money Bags fop 25c, |
But they are the real thing and stoutly made, |
too, with nickel frame and strong, sure clasp. g
OF CALPSKIN 2 5c— These have two clasps. fij
On one side the pocket is only half as long as M ii_ii |I 'T^i ' Z^niiiiili^
the other; it's for gold, the other for sliver. B *6?Ts TV I
Either side opens without affecting the other. We Eg VY X £
are golne to make a bis hit with them at 23c. iff \ »
BTJCKSKIN MONEY BAGS 15c-Chamols JS( \ \
lined, have a nickel frame, about three Inches 1 v ,
deep. Just rieht for ordinary use. I fl i
COIN PURSES 25 C— They have double clasps, L\ .\
block bottoms, lined with chamois, kid or buck- , \ v% \
skin, strongly made. fl '«^ \
MISSES^ COIN PTTRSES 10c-Of genuine >
alligator. It's the cutest size you ever saw. .
Women are using it to hold small change in the >j.
chatelaine bags. X^
AI/LJGATOB. PURSES 25c— Genuine alllsa- >v J
tor. too. with inside pocket for srold. all lined >. S
with undressed kid. 25c seldom s;ets so much. rt*-*
SEAL CHATELAINE BAGS ftl.OO-with tfF^^ss^
an outside pocket, are chamois Uned. and a pat- >w/'~ > "— n. 0^^ 1^
ent fastener. And that fastener is the big feat- SSly'' — VI '"
ure. When you get it snapped on the belt once I X
it does not come off 'very easily. I \
WOMJRN'S POCKET- I n \
BOOKS 75c— Of genuine seal, all leather lined. H 1 j
We've been selling leather goods for years and HI /
have been very proud of. many of our values, but R. \ /
we must candidly admit that this combination H \ /
pocket-book for 75c is the best we've ever given 11 x^^ ,y
ADVEBTISIJgEirrS.
u That mean quality,
jl comfort and good
l] vision are obtainable at
II our optical establish-
1/ ment. Be careful that
jf you get the right num-
jj ber. There are other '
optical stores, but only
one
STAjfo.ABD6PTp.6
1 2l7Kearn«/5t.-$.f. ;
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
*TJbiD'E\M tL1f/r(wavt One of San FraneUco'a
w vV\>SinH£v7?£? mo«t •ffldent police of rt-
<$$p£fcW&!te% ctn UUMILY RECOM-
<3ffijy%Vt£$t&C MENDS Mr. <>nr K « M.iy- .
"^L^^£ti^Vl > vSf * rl "- th " O«rmaa F!xp-rt "
3^/-^ f't'tlelan. 1071H Market j
— v\£'"v»?**"i r "»/~" " tre **« * n< * •*ndo follow-
*^^r ',,. .-T^N It tfves me a murh pleM-
yw///I nllmxSS' ure t0 'commend to th«
/•VV'/ilHWWW public Mr. George May-
erle of San Francisco. I have been ualn*
glasses for the paat four years, and durlns; that
time have consulted several opticians, but not
until I consulted Mr. Mayerle and hart Mm fit
jflanses to my eyes did I jet ENTIRE SATIS-
FACTION. Most respectfully.
J. H. AJTDERSON. '
Serceant of Police, San Francisco.
MATERLE'S GLASSES strengthen the cya
and brain. Germaa Eyewater, SCc.
GEOROE MATERLF German Expert Opti-
cian. 10'l>6 Market street.
CUT THIS OUT. '
World Famous Mariani Tonic
A MILD STIMULANT,
that produces 'beneficial effects —
during the past thirty-eighth
years. *
All Druggists. Befuse Substitutea. '