The San Francisco Call
Powers to Meet in Conference.
BERNE, June IS.— The President, M.
Brenner, announced to-day, at a meeting
of the Bundesrath that most of the signa
tories, including the United States, had
accepted an invitation to a conference of
¦the -revision of the Geneva convention."
He hoped the delegates would meet In 1902.'
A. large assemblage was present at the
luncheon. V.'.Iniaddition to' ''.the Committee
on Rivers arid Harbors there were pres
ent: . . :,'.;'/>>, ',¦'..' >..:¦
Mrs. Reeves, Mrs.' Acheson, Mrs. Morris, Mrs.
Alexander, '.' Mrs.*. Tongue, Mrs. ' Reames/Mrs.
Davidson, :Mrs. ; McCuHoch, Mrs; ' Ball, Miss
Anne .'Richardson, 1 : Stenographer Hencke t and
Arthur ;'Criste": ;. Senator ¦ Perkins, Congressmen
Metcalf. Woods 'and; Coombs; the committee of
ladles ' who ' received g the t guests at the club
house, consisting of j Mrs. • Victor Metcalf, Mrs.
Edson, F.\ Adams', : Mrs.' H. ; C.^Taft, Mrs. T. L.
Barker/. and 1 Miss : Viva .Nicholson; 'Chairman
William ;M> Bunker of . the San Francisco •com
mercial committee on- reception; Secretary Scott
and-H.' H. Kruslof'the San Francisco . Cham
ber, of Commerce, and the 'Oakland and Ala
meda committees.' I'- '.'.' . .):¦':¦
Following are.the committees: ¦':
Alameda Trustees— E.'J. Holt," George Plum
mer,:C.'A.-.Hooper.';,"_.'. •.
Alameda Board of jLTrade-^F. ; N. ..Delanoy,
Charles Magagnos, A. Rosenthal.* ;•!-, ;•....*..- ¦
/'/Oakland— Supervisor ''John 1 Mitchell,* I.- L.' Re
<jua, ; Louis Schaffer.Cralgie Sharp, F. S. Strat-
Continued' on Page Three.
• ' . . . ' ¦ • , A •':¦¦ '
incidents! during inspec- , ,
tion-of oakland and its'
• waterways.
Representatives of Three Cities Help Visitors
to the Information Sought for Future
Service in Legislation at Washington
OAKLAND received the visiting
members of the House Commit
tee on Rivers and Harbors yes
terday, entertained them hand
somely and exhibited to them
the harbor of Oakland and the
beauties of the Athens of the Pacific Coast.
From all points of view, the Oakland day
of the Congressmen's itinerary proved to
be a Success. The net result was*, that
the . Rivers and Harbors -Committee - be
came personally conversant with the con
ditions across the bay , relating to com
merce and shipping. The Oakland people
were pleased at the opportunity to extend
to their distinguished visitors open-hand
ed hospitality -and. to have -their needs
thoroughly ¦ explained : and-: comprehended.
The entire proceeding was creditably
businesslike, even to the return ; : to this
city.which was sharp on schedule time."'
In addition to the tour of the Oakland
waterways by .steamer and ,an inspection
of the San Leandro Bay end of the 'tidal
canal to connect Brooklyn Basin with San
Leandro Bay, the ' Committee on /Rivers
and Harbors had a/ ride through Oakland
and Alameda' in' carriages arid ; a' luncheon
at the * Golf Club • house : at "; Adams * Point.
Chairrc an Burton made a' speech af ter," the
luncheon that .vastly.' pleased; the Oakland
people •; present, and they' rewarded> him
with thelf cheers." 7 .• •;•,.<.::
Congressman Burton: said that the wel
come thefcommittee had received was am
ple reward for coming, thousands, of miles
across deserts and; to desert .after desert.
The members ' of. the committee and the
ladles accompanying . them . were pleased
to meet- and to. become;. acquainted with
the peopled He spoke of what nature. has
done for California and also "of the pro
gressive and enterprlzlhg spirit of;cltizens
engaged in commerce and transportation.
He congratulated, the people upon their
magnificent geographical; location. Call
fornians ;had_ been; particularly energetic
as _ purveyors of .the .world's wants,/ he
said. Representatives of seventeen States
Included-in the committee extended greet
ings ; and+ congratulations... The hope was
vbiced'that California might stand 'In the
forefront df progress. ':. * '¦',;.
':We shall give- to every ..recommenda
tion,", said ¦ Congressman ' Burton, "our
careful consideration.'.', f - •¦•'•¦¦
LARQE COMPANY AT \ m
Iff-:;-; ;.gole;:CLUBH^^
'_ Therejwas.no'. attempt at^formal speech
'making^ Mayor ' Barstow/i who - presented
Congressman ' Burton to \ the 'company - at
the j request of Chairman James P. Taylor
¦of "thVjoint Oakland 'committee, expressed
ffleasure.at the presence of^the visitors. •
tidal basin and thence 300 feet wide and 13 fee i
deep around the tidal basin.
, The- cost .was to be $368,203.
. Senator Perkins and Congressman Mat
calf have decided to renew their work at
the coming session of Congress in favor
of plan No. 3, as described in the fore
going resume.
. ' The Oakland Board of Trade has Issued
a statement concerning the matter, which
is as follows::-, - :
The appropriation which . our Senator and
Congressman succeeded in getting Into the
river and harbor bill, after s very hard fight,
was the j third estimate i of Colonel Heuer.
T36S.203. providing for 500 feet wide and 35 feet
deep to Chestnut! street, thence 300 feet wlda
and 25 feet deep to Fallon street, thenca 200
feet wide and 17 feet deep to Brooklyn Basin,
thence 300 feet 'wide " and 13 feet deep up to
and around the basin.
Owing to the failure of the passage of tha
entire river and harbor bill this appropriation
fell to the "ground.' But It Is the' belief of our
Senator and Congressman that they can secure
similar recognition in the next river and har
bor bill, but that It would be very Injudicious
to attempt to change the plan or work to which
consent has practically already been obtained
with treat difficulty.
The ' Board of Trade,- while recognizing the
desirability of having further improvements In
depth and width of channel and petitioning
therefor, also recognizes the difficulty and un
certainty that always attend the getting of ap
propriations and. concludes that It is tha wise
'.course to accept the appropriation as proposed
/in the -bill and • heretofore agreed to by the
river and ' harbor i committee. ' as . in the main
it meets the pressing immediate requirements.'
'and think it wise to leave the securing of bet
terments to future efforts rather than attempt
to secure at this time amendment to the bill
already proposed which would increase tha ap
propriation, '.which » is already large, thus id*
Status of Improvements Required Fulty
Defined for the Benefit of the Public That
Has Large Interest in Coast's Commerce
T'HE status of. the Oakland har
i bor improvements is, possibly,
less -generally ; understood
ought to be the case. For gen
eral ; information The' Call ; pub
...: ".llshes a resume. '. '.
In 1900., Colonel Heuer.' of the United,
States Army Engineer Corps made a sur
vey^ and examination of [Oakland harbor
"and submitted three plans of improvent,'
which are summarized as follows:
First— Main channel 500 feet wide, 20 feet deep
at low tide from Bay of San'Francisco.to"Fal
lon street, thence 300 feet wide, 17 feet deep, to
tidal basin (Brooklyn Basin), thence 300 feet
wide - 12 feet • deep up and around basin. Esti
mated cost !64Gi233.'
Second— For channel 500 feet wide and -25 feet
deep, from bay to Fallon street, thence 300 feet
wide and 23 feet deep up to and around the ba
slnl Estimated cost $1,6S7,818.
..Third—For a channel 5C4) feet wide and 25 feet
deep from San Francisco bay to Chestnut street,
thence 300 feet; wid^' and 23 feet deep to Fal
lon street,, thence 300 feet wide and 17 feet deep
to tidal basin (Brooklyn. Basin), thence 300 feet
wide and 13 feet deep up and around basin. Es
timated cost J96S.203. ' - .
Each of these items Includes $53,900 for exten
¦ eion of south jetty, 530 feet westward. .
I jj Ar ter deliberation Senator Perkins and
Congressman Metcalf agreed that the
; third. plan was more likely to be favorably
I reported by the" Rivers and Harbors Com
mittee, to" Congress for .^ action. The bill
;that failed to pass contained the following
J provisions, 1 which . were embodied in an
¦amendment' submitted by Senator Per
kins:. "":.'¦.
A "channel 500 feet wide and 23 feet deep from
j San f Francisco : bay .to Chestnut ; street, '. thence
'3COfeet wide and 25. feet 'deep to Fallon street,
-thence" 300 feet wide and 17 'feet 'deep to the
•• ¦ -.¦•- \. • .--,-¦' ¦¦ ¦;- -. •.• ¦ ¦. .„¦-. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz., June 19.— In the San
Pedro country yesterday Tom Burns,
notorious throughout Arizona and South
ern California as a gun fighter, was killed
by a cowboy named Wallace at Tom Wil
lis* ranch. Burns had been punching
cows for Willis and could not get along
with Wallace. Burns on several occa
sions had jumped off his horse' ta fight
Wallace and threatened his life.
Yesterday Wallace and. Burns were dis
charged because they were quarreling' all
the time. Burns went to the corral and
saddled his horse. Riding up to the house
he swung out of the saddle and said he
was going to kill Wallace before he went
farther. Wallace, who was in the house,
heard the threat and securing his six
shooter opened fire on Burns as the latter
entered the door. The first bullet killed
the gun fighter.
Burns was unpopular with the cowboys
in the San Pedro country. He was feared
because it was known that he was a crack
shot and fearless. He had engaged in a
number of shooting scrapes In which he
always came out without' a scratch.
Filed upon his six-shooter were thirteen
notches, which meant that that many
men had been killed by him.
Buried With. His Boots On.
. The, body jras.saeo hx.the Corpnejuand.
an inquest was held.^'^VaHac<8^(ras!*^xon- ;
erated and' Burns'" body 'was given over
to the cowboys employed at the "Willis
ranch for burial. On the way to the spot
selected for Interment the cowboys jumped
upon the box coffin and danced, shouting,
"We'll dance him into hell."
Bums was buried as he died, with his
boots on. To be buried in boots is re
garded as a worse fate than death- itself
by cow-punchers. The punchers kicked
their epurs into the side of .the 'coffin -as
they rode on the top of the bcx to the
grave, showing the disrespect ¦ which
they held for Burns, * - . .. }]
A few years ago Burns engaged in a
shooting scrape I with a Mexican, desper
ado known , as . Gaibee , at Mammoth.'
Burns was behind the bar In a saloon,'
the bartender having urged him to take
the place, as' Gaibee was in camp and
there was s^ure to be trouble. Upon enter
ing the saloon Gaibee at* once recognized
Burns and, pulling off his sombrero, held
It in close to his body and walked toward
the bar. Gaibee had slyly pulled his six
shooter and held it behind the •sombrero.'
Hurns thought Gaibee was after him and
pulling his gun opened fire. Gaibee was
shot several times, but lying on the floor
of the saloon cleaned out the place. He
recovered and the cowboys believed that
Burns 'had taken an unfair advantage of
Gaibee, which turned them against him.
Chased Evans and Sonntag.
Burns for years was employed as a shot
gun messenger for "Wells-Fargo and did
a great deal of detective work among the
desperadoes of the Southwest. He was
regarded as a fearless man and would
tackle the hardest characters in the coun
try. Seven years ago, when the Southern
Pacific express was held up and robbed
near Fresno, Cal., Burns was sent on the
trail of the robbers with a posse. It was
through his efforts that the robbers were
captured. Burns was one of the men who
shot Sontag, one of the robbers. Evans,
the partner of Sontag. is serving his sen
tence at Folsom.
When the reward money was divided
there was shooting between Burns and a
man named Wittey. Both men fired, but
neither was hit. and the fight created
some eensation at the time.
Returning to. Arizona Burns was en
gaged in running down cattle rustlers. He
followed a horse thief from Florence, in
Arizona, 'to New Mexico and killed him,
bringing back the horse to its owner. He
was engaged whenever any desperate
work was reauired. because he did not
know fear. On the border he engraved in
m3ny shooting scrapes, with rustlers and
smugglers, the last one having occurred
but two years ago. During 3 the past year
Burns had been punching cows in Tonto
Basin and the San Pedro country. He
was about 40 years old and a good type of
the cowboy. He was known 'all over "Ari
zona, and his fate Is regarded as the in
evitable result of the life he led. At Will -
cox Burt Alvord, who Is now' a fugitive
from justice, attempted to kill Burns,
who was then securing evidence" against
the gang which held up the Southern Pa
cific at Cochise over a year ago. Alvord
was a member of the hold-up gang, al
though at the time he was serving as a
corstable at Willcox.
One of the Men Who Hunted Evans
and Sontag Dies With
Boots On.
"Bad Man" of Arizona Is
Killed After a Long
Quarrel.
Cowboys Have a Revel
Over Death of Tom
Burns.
DANCE UPON
COFFIN OF A
GUN FIGHTER
TEXANS RUNNING DOWN
THE SLAYERS OF GLOVER
•Rilling of Another Mexican Who
Resisted Arrest Is Reported
From Benavides.
GONZALES, Tex., June 20.— A dispatch
has been received from Deputy United
States Marshal William Hansen, stating
that one of the slayers of Sheriff Glover
has been captured and one killed, and
that a posse of five officers is close on the
trail of Gregorio Cottez. This is probably
a confirmation of yesterday's report.
Rangers and officers continue to scour the
country in the neighborhood of Alice. San
Diego and Benavides in search of the
Mexicans suspected of murder. Late last
evening Marshal Noland received infor
mation that the rangers had killed a Mex
ican near Venavides, who resisted arrest.
Officers here are of the opinion that the
dead man belongs to one of the gangs
war.ted for killine Sheriff Glover.
Fails for Four Millions.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Among th© dis
charges in bankruptcy in . the United
States Court to-day was that of William
E. Coffin, broker, and formerly a member
of the firm of Coffin & Stanton, with lia
bilities of $4,150,907, and assets of $25 cash.
The largest unsecured .creditor was the
city of Santa Cruz, Cal., for $322,003 for
bonds purchased-
EDINBURGH STUDENTS
STAND BY CABJJEGIE
Express Their Sentiments During a
Debate on the Killionaire'e
Flans.
LONDON, June 19.— The first expression
of the opinion of Scottish university stu
dents concerning Andrew Carnegie's plans
for education In Scotland was given to-
Eight, when the Edinburgh University de
bated the subject. As the result of the
debate a motion was offered to the effect
that while the union fully appreciated
Mr. Carnegie's great gift no scheme was
considered adequate which did not pro
vide for the complete abolition of fees.
Th!s motion was rejected by 54 to J> votes,
and an amendment was carried expressing
the fullest confidence of the university
union in Mr. Carnegie's methods of deal-
Ing with the problem and characterizing
it as riglit and a step toward the higher
national education.
DETTMARK MUST SELL
OB, FORTIFY ISLANDS
Demand Contained in a Note Sent
by the United States
Government.
LONDON, June 20.— The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily Mail cables his
paper saying that the United States has
sent another note to Denmark in the mat
ter of the sale of the Danish West Indies,
to the effect that If Denmark is not will
ing to sell the Islands the United Statea
must demand that Denmark fortify and
garrison the islands of St. Thomas and
St. John, which would command the Xic
aragua canal.
The situation is regarded seriously here,
as Denmark cannot dream of undertaking
the erection of fortifications and the
maintenance of garrisons, which would
cost several millions.
Epedal Dispatch to Tb« CalL .
ALfTURAfi, June 19.— A fresh sensation
excited the people of Alturas last night
¦when It 'was learned that Mrs. Perry
Summers of Lookout had given damaging
testimony- before the Grand Jury regard-
Ing the Lookout lynching. ....
Mrs. Summers was heard to say at the
Grand Central Hotel this morning that
the testimony she had given before the
Grand Jury yesterday would compel her
to leave Lookout In order to save her life.
It afterward became known that she had
testified that on the night of the lynch
ing she heard the movements of the mob,
got out of bed, followed the lynchers to
the bridge and there witnessed the whole
affair unseen by any one. She asserted
that she at first thought it was a joke
and wished to see the outcome. She also
declared that she- identified several of the
mob and can swear to their identity.
Several of the Lookout witnesses said
to-day that the woman's statements are
not true. It is said that she has sat up
for several nights since the lynching,
armed with a pistol, for fear she would
be mobbed because of her knowledge of
the affair.
The Grand Jury will probably adjourn
to-night. All the witnesses have been ex
cused and have gone home. It Is thought
by a l2rge number here that no less than
six indictments will be found... Nothing
definite csn be learned regarding, the. In
dian scare at Lookout, but as all the wit
nesses have departed from here there will
probably be no danger from the redskins.
Declares That She Followed
the Mob of Modoc
Lynchers.
Remains Awake for Nights, Revol
ver in Hand, to Prevent At
tempt at Murder.
WomanatLookoutGives
Some Startling Tes
timony.
SEES CRIME
AND DREADS
AN ASSASSIN
PRICE FIVE I CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THUBSD AYg JUNE] 20; /l?01.;
VOLUME XC— NO. 20.
GUESTS SAIL ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO BAY AND LUNCH
WITH THEIR HOSTS AT THE GOLF CLUB'S HOUSE
OAKLAND WELCOMES HOUSE COMMITTEE ON RIVERS
AND HARBORS AND POINTS OUT NEEDS OF WATERWAYSCAMP GAGE. SANTA CRUZ. June
19. — General Last's brigade! re
turning from its practice march
this morning, appeared suddenly
on the hills to the -west of the
camp and prepared to advance upon the
position. They were discovered first by
Colonel Draper when about two miles
away. At once the call to arms was
sounded and the best and quickest ma
neuver so far executed, in camp took
place.
Within a minute the companies began
forming In the company streets, the men
running from all over the camp, hatless,
coatlcss and some half shaved— all mak
ing wildly for the gun racks and hurrying
into position. Then battalions began
forming, and In two or three minutes
Major Filmer had his battalion of the
First Infantry formed on the parada
Sicund. Major McCreagh followed with
the Second Battalion, and in seven min
utes from the first bugle call the regiment
was ready to report.
The Fifth formed in an open space near
tha commissary headquarters and the
Second and Sixth formed in battalions in
the streets of theic camp. Orderlies and
aids went flying here and there among
the tents, the two batteries of artillery
left In camp made for the color line on
the double quick, where they manned tho
two runs stationed there, and General
Dickinson and his staff came through the
racrp at a gallop to the gate where the
main guard is stationed.
The First Infantry was sent up the road
Returning Brigade Surprises the State Soldiers on Laveaga Heights, the Gall
to Arms Sounds Through All the Startled Gamp, and Wi^
Hot Haste and Mustering^of Battalions the Troops Await the Enemy
CAMPING GUARDSMEN ARE AMAZED
BY TERROR OF WARLIKE TRUMPETS
CLOVERDAL.E, June 19.— Lee D. Green,
son j of the deceased capitalist, "Warren
Green, was severely injured in a runaway
yesterday. He conducts a general mer
chandise store at Preston, a small town
north of this place. His horse became
frightened on a covered bridge on Rus
sian River and he was thrown over the
grade- and fell on the rocks below. His
left arm was broken at the elbow.
Thxo-wn From the Bridge.
SAN DIEGO,' June' 13.— Important action
was taken this afternoon at a meeting of
the railroad committee and citizens at the
Chamber of Commerce rooms. The peo
ple are determined to do all they, can at
this time to get a direct railrdad eastward
and they believe that the time ig propi
tious. To-day a new committee, consist-
Ing of George "W. Marston, U. S. Grant,
F. S. Jennings and L. L. Boone of San
Diego, J. E. Boal of National City and W.
F. Holt and S. W. Ferguson of Imperial,
was appointed, with instructions to select
a chairman, secretary, and manager and to
proceed with the preliminary work of ob
taining subscriptions, subsidies, rights of
way and surveys and proceed with the in
corporation of a railroad under an appro
priate name. The committee . is vested
with full power and authority to devise
ways and means to inaugurate the enter
prise and to carry it to completion. The
people are very hopeful that the action of
this afternoon will be • found to be the
right step at the right time. /
and Means for. Incorporating' a
¦ - New Railroad. . ' "
I Committee Appointed to Devise Ways
SAN DTJEGANS WANT
' A DIRECT LUTE EAST
PORT TOWNSEND, Wasn., June 19.— A
report comes from Neah Bay that a canoe
containing twelve half -starved Indians
arrived . there yesterday f rom ' down the
coast. Several days ago the Indians sight
ed a monster whale off the entrance to
the Straits of Fuca and made an attempt
to capture It. They succeeded in fasten
ing a harpoon and the whale started in a
southerly direction at great speed, but the
Indians held on, and by the time a point
eighty miles south of Cape Flattery was
reached they succeeded in killing it, but it
immediately went to the bottom. The In
dians remained with the harpoon line fast
to- the animal, expecting it to come to the
surface, but at the end of three days they
were forced by hunger and thirst to re
turn and abandon their prize.
Deep Arrive Half-Starved at
Neab. Say.
Indians Who Killed Monster of the
WAITED FOR : THE WHALE
THAT NEVER CA3IE BACK
VANCOUVER, B.C., June 19.— Two
men were Injured to : day in the_ first fight
of the trackmen's strike on the Canadian
Pacific Railway: \ The affray took place
at Revelstoke in the Rocky Mountains.
Revelstoke is a divisional point for trains
running toHhe Crows and Rossland
stations. Th^e list of employes who quit
work there and went on strike on Monday
was large. .They - included many Italians
and half breeds, who were the principal
ones in making the trouble to-day.
- The two special constables, who had
been' on watch all. night, had gone" to
breakfast when ' the, first alarm was
I heard. A Ja? go number' of men armed
with sticks of all sizes, from canes to
cordwood, .. broke through the entrance
to the yard at its top end and ran down
the tracks toward _ the' roundhouse and
machine shops.' They attempted to rush
the guards there, but constables, with a
few men who turned upin a moment from
a neighboring hotel,' kept them out of the
buildings. The officers, with revolvers in
their hands, held the doors against the
parly of strikers, which rapidly Increased
in numbers. J, ; . ,
>. By this time the whole town had heard
of the. trouble and dozens of men came
to Join both sides. Two were Injured in
the battle. The ••. strikers were finally
forced around the side of the machine
shop."" From there it was an easy matter,
with the reinforcements of police, to drive
the strikers from that position. The lat
ter: threw their sticks, accompanied by
stones and. other missiJes that could be
picked up, and fled. They were then for
mally-ordered off the ground by the po
licemen.:-- ~... .. v ".. ...
As this order was complied with with
out delay, no arrests were made. There
are over 100 strikers in the town, who
are In exceedingly bad temper over the
incident. . ¦. . ,'.... —
pecial Dispatch to The Call.
Two Merf Are Injured "in a
r: Conflict in the Rocky
. - .•' Mountains.
First Battle in the Cana
dian Pacific Con
troversy.
STRIKERS FIGHT
WITH OFFICERS
...There never was a woman's" 1 note of
congratulation to a man that really meant
anything.;.;.; . \ ¦ r .. • ., ......
Another largo, shipment of, our superior
gold-plated clocks,^candelabra, . candle
sticks. \ candle - vases, figures, • ornaments,
etc. .Every, piece guaranteed for finish
and workmanship. ; Glad to have you see
our line of thesegoods and get our prices.
Eanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market • street. , •
0 More of Them.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The Sun saya:
Eleanor Hulse. 30 years old, registered at
the Eastern Hotel at the. foot, of .White
hall street on Tuesday morning. She said
that . she had come . from San Francisco
and was going to sail on' the French. liner
L'Aquitalne on Thursday to; yls.it . friends
in Russia. She was expensively; dressed.
The woman left the hotel yesterday, morn
ing to do some- shopping uptown .-and ' was
accompanied by her pet skye terrier. De
tective Dean found; her late'inithe even
ing at Cherry street and James* slip.,. She
was reeling- as If intoxicated and, notic
ing a number ot suspicious" persons fol
lowing, her, he took her, to 'the, station
house. \ ' • \ '" •
There she was searched. .In '.a. '.black'
leather hand, satchel' which' she> ' carried
were $89 in gold, , a drafr'on' the Russian
Bank of 'St. ; Petersburg" for -something
over $700. two'gold rings, one- «?et 'with a
large diamond; a large diamond brooch, a
pair of pearl opera glasses, large diamond
earrings and a gold-bracelet set with dia
monds. ;:" ¦ ¦ :
Woman Claipaing to Be Prom
San Francisco Lands in
Police Station.
¦» . . - Special Dispatch ' to The* Call.
NEW YORK DETECTIVE
TAKES HER IN CHARGE
Mr. Clark, .a civilian, accused of con
nection with commissary frauds, was to
day convicted and sentenced to one year's
imprisonment and to pay a fine of $1500.
He is a leading confectioner of Manila.
Herrero Larasm,' an assassin,' was sen
tenced to hang. Neither of these sentences
has been approved as yet by. the authori
ties. Members of the business commu
nity. Including foreigners, are preparing
a petition asking for. clemency for Clark.
The Third Artillery will- sail for the
United States to-morrow on the transport
Indiana. 'WShg
MANILA. June 19.— The first detach
ment of General Cailles* command, eighty.
In number, arrived at Pagsagan to-day
under command of a sergeant and a pla
toon of the Eighth United States Infan
try, which had 'been occupying the place,'
moved out. This was done In pursuance
of an agreement by which all of Cailles'
men are to concentrate at or near that
place, preliminary to their surrender^ The
Americans will move out as the Insur
gents appear. Other detachments of
Cailles' men are . concentrating in the
same vicinity. They are under' command
of Colonel Guevarra.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Detachment Puts in an
Appearance at Place of ,
CAILLES' MEN ARRIVE
TO LAY DOWN ARMS
To-morrow Major R. Wankowskl. Sev
enth Infantry, will be division field offi
cer of the day. First Lieutenant W. H.
White. Company A, Second. Infantry, and
PROMINENT OFFICERS AND
SOME . SCENES AT SANTA
CRUZ CAMP.
This morning the Third Brigade was put
through regimental movements by Major
ioung/U. S. A., attached to the division
/staff, nho assisted the commanding offi
cers. To-morrow evening the officers of
the Second Brigade will be given a recep
tion at the Sea Beach Hotel by John S.
Alatheson, the proprietor
Before Friday the fence that cuts across
oneiend of the parade ground will be re
movted in order to allow a continuous line
to be formed for the big parade and- re
view to be given in honor of Governor
Gage. General Shatter will be present at
the, review. •. . .
Brigade, under command of General War
field, started for a practice march to Cap-
Itola. With the brigade were two guns.
#° * TO °P 3 of cavalry and a detachment
of the signal corps under Major Abbott
ilanks. .v
RICHMOND. Va., June 19.— The most
unique package ever; handled by the ex
press company hero went through on tho
Atlantic coast line, billed for Washing
ton, to-day. The package was a wooden
box covered with gauze and marked "400
mosquitoes." ,It was sent from North
Carolina to the . Academy of Natural
Sciences In Washington," and j the insects
kept up. a continual. chorus as the train
pulled out." They were all In good-health
and spirits. • - , ;: -r... ,--.;; . ¦ >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHIPS A CONSIGNMENT
OF LIVE MOSQUITOES
Express Company Handles a
Unique Package From
North Carolina.
Second Lieutenant L. C. Moore, Company
E, Second Infantry, will be officers of the
guard. . . ...
There was a riot of soldiers in the town
this evening, caused by the arrest of two
soldiers, one from the First Infantry and
one from the Seventh. The men were ar
rested for" disorderly conduct and were
placed In the town jail.. The word was
passed among the soldiers in town and
soon there was a crowd of one hundred or
more outside the Jail, talking and threat
ening. It began to look serious until the
Sheriff telephoned to the camp for assist
ance and In a short time a troop of cav
alry galloped up the street- -
_ The two prisoners were turned over to
the troopers and the soldiers thought they
had scored a victory. , .They were cheer
ing lustily when General Dicklnlson rode
up with two of his staff. The general
threatened to order the "long roll" if the
cheering was not stopped at once and to
arrest every man in the crowd, so the men
became silent. ..Then.the cavalrymen sur
rounded them and drove them in a bunch
out to the camp.
Capture of Staff Officer.
i Colonel Bangham. assistant adjutant
general on the Governor's staff, went out
reconnoiterirg for the First Brigade this
morning and cam* to grief in conse
quence. The First Brigade has for its
principal organization the Seventh Regi-,
ment. which comes from Los Angeles and
jts vicinity, and from Los Angeles comes
Colonel Bangham. He therefore thought
he would fall among friends until he
struck one of the outposts that made him
a prisoner. He thought It was a good
joke until he tried to break arrest, and
then he learned that his captors did real
ly intend to take him into the brigade
headquarters as a prisoner or a prize of
war. He was taken to the guard tent
ar.d there the officer of the guard believed
his protestations of peace and unwilling
ness to harm the command, so he was let
go en parole. Then he rode back Into
camp and reported his capture.
Tills afternoon at 3 o'clock the Second
It was all done on the run and inside
cf fifteen minutes the troops were all in
position and the guns had commenced fir
ing. The cams was unprepared for the
call and the result was a good indication
of what the few days' drill has done for
thp troops. When the defending troops
had been withdrawn and General Last
had approached the camp, he sent his aid.
Captain Bauer, forward to tender . a re
view of the brigade to General Dickin
son. General Dickinson sent word he
would review the troops on the parade
ground, and he and his staff were out on
the hill when Last's brigade marched up
the road and formed in line of massed
battalions on the ridge. The men had
been over a march of nine miles, but they
returned in excellent condition and swung
past the commanding general with the
fctep of veterans.
The brigade had camped near the Big
Trees and in the vicinity of the Felton
road. The detachment of the signal corps
brought back the signal men It had cap
tured from the Third Brigade yesterday.
to the north and east to throw out out
posts and cover the country there with
its skirmish line. A battalion from the
Fifth end one from the Second Regiment
•w-fcre placed around the ridges/ 1 to the
south and east. One gun was sent with
this detachment and another went down
the slope behind the headquarters to the
vest and took a. position at the foot of
the hilL Captain Clarke. U. S. A., one
of the regular officers attached to the dl
vls'.on staff, took command of the cav
alry and established Cossack outposts
around the foot of the ridges to the
southeast. A battalion from the Fifth,
one frcm the Sixth and a third from thfl
Second remained in camp as a reserve and
camp cuard.
THE SAN ¦FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY; JUNE 20, 1901.
2
OCEAN T3AVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦». Steamers leave Broadway
£v Wharf. San Francisco:
I &T!N«^ F 0 ' Alaskan ports — 11- a. m..
fSSSgSh^ June 5. 10. 13. 20. 25. 30. July
sM** •• Chance to company'*
' BUT Svretfa ¦tramer* at Seattla.
3<RjS« Va ? for Victoria. Vanouve- (B.
ESfi&Zik&a C.). Port- Townsend. 3e»ttl«.
i r^^ESa&ft Tacoma, Everett. Ana--or-«*
and New Whatcom (Wa«h.)-
~"*** ll a. ra.. Jun» 6. 10. IS. 20. B. ».
July 5. and ev*ry fifth day thereafter. Chantr*
»t Seattle for thin company's steamers for
Alaika and O. N. Ry.: at Seattla or Tacom*
lor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:JO p. m..
JmiU.lt W. n. 2«. July 1. and every flftl»
day thereafter. •»•»»_
For Fan Diego, rtocplnic only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Lo« An*el<?« and Redondo <Los AH-
Beles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a- m j
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. J a. m.
Kor Lo« Anselea, caUinz at Santa Crjs.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port H-irford
'Pun Lui* Obl«»o). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Pan Pe-
dro, •Newport (»Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturday s. * a.m.; steamer, Bonita. Tuesdays.
ror°Kns«»ada. Mastda!en«~I»y. fan Jw <J«I
rabc. Matatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia iind Guaymas <Mex.)— 10 a. ro.. 7tb each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folfl era.
The romps ny re^rrea t>« right to chans*
»tp»mers. pailinc d«t»« and hours of aaUln*
wlthont r>T»vlou« notfre.
TTCTCW.T OFF1CB-4 New Montgomery
str»»t ' Pa lace Hot#l>. ,
GOODALL. PERKINS A- CO.. Gen. Arrenta, '
10 Market nt.. San Francisco.
O. JR. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xj>b* *«»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
retnts E««t. Through itzlcitn to all
point*. j*1* r«lt *«»• KtaionshW nrtii rail, at
BTEAKSE TICKET3 INCLUDE BSSTH and KZAL1.
SS. COLUMBIA
Palls June 22, July 2, 12. 22. August 1
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails June 27, July 7. 17. 27. August «. 1«
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
* AMERICAN LINE.
:;ew ro^z, spnTH»itP70N. lo'Dos. pasii
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every '^Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis June 26 St. : Pant ..'....August 7
Pt. Paul July 10 St. Louis .:;.Aujrnat u
St. Louis ..July 17 Philadelphia-August a
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp."- .
From Ne^v York Every Wednesday. 12 .coon.
•Vaderland .....June 2CTFrlesland July IT
Kensington July 3 1 Pennland July 24
•Zwland July 10| Southward July a
•Stop at Cherbourg r eastbound
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coait. 50 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COK-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India. «tc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
EP. HONGKONG MARU.SatunJay. Jun« 12. 1901
F8. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 1901
BS. AMERICA MARXT.. Saturday. Aug. 10.1901
Round trip tickets at .reduced, rates- For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
m Market strict, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Ageat
PANAMA 'R. R, US?.
TO NEW YORK VW PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $1 O.I; Steerage, $4O«*
5. S. Argyll sails Frl l>»v. Juna 28
6. 6. Lee'anaw sal's .Mon 1 »y, July '*>
6. S. Argyll «!U Mii-h». An ft. 12
From Pea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific. Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. IS m.
TUCAPKL June 27 { LIMARI July 23
AREQUIPA July 10 | PERU August 7
Theoe steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger s^rvlre.
(No change at Acapuleo *>r Panama.) Freight
and psrarnnr offlco. 21« CatlTornla. street. ¦
BALFQUR. GtlTHRIE ft CO.; Pen. Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FiTIlAYnrAR3 . ANOJALim
. Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. t:1S and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day. Sunday, >:** a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves \
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, S p. m., except
Sunday. Sundar. 7 a. m.. U1S p. > m. Far* 50
cents. .Telephone Main 1SC8. I^andtng and of-
fice, pier 2. MIsslon-at. dock. HATCH HRO3.
The Weekly M
SI per Year.-;
-¦¦'-¦ - . : -. ¦" ¦¦¦• !
STATEMENT
- — OF THfi
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Standard Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY. Lifted,
[ f\V LIVERPOOL, fengland. on' the 31st day
VF of December. A. D. 1000, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 ar.d
of the Political Code, condensed as per blani;
furnisher: by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash i J5O0.00O 00
¦ ASSETS. • • . " "
Cash Market Value of allStocks and
Bonds owned by Company Jl.lT.'.WJ H1
Cash in Banks ....t^ ,..i 1S0.7S9 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ".... 11.9SS 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 213.612 00
Bills (receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks - 23.3S2 CO
Rents due and accrued, policy
stamps on hand -624 00
Total Assets .\: J1.W0.399 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $172,930 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ...'
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;¦
¦ reinsurance 1C0 per cent.. 143,743 00
I Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per \ !
. cent J
All other Liabilities 117.134 00
Total Liabilities I. $432,829 00
INCOME. .
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums HS7.646 00
Received for interest and' dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all. other sources, 39.036 00
Total Income £>Z6,6S2 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losseo
(including J . losses of previ-
ous years) $435,52V00
Paid for .Salaries. Fees and other •
: charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 35,221 13.
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 9.0«7 47
All other payments and expenditures 1.577 00
Total Expenditures $541.493 00
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year $173,927 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written 1 during the
year $84,435,935 $387,588 00;
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year U.632.S75 E89.756 00
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900 8,271.210 142.745 00
JNO. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
23d day of January. 1901. . X
- . . W. J. SULIS, U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
¦ General Aarents,
J. P. P. DAVIS & SON, Maragers,
215 Sacsoms Street, San Fnrcisio, Cal.
. ; Telephone Private Exchange 6S.
lowing facts: '•. -.
It has the endorsement Of—
INNUMERABLE HOSPITALS.
/ A GREA T NUMBER Of
PHYSICIANS.
OVER FIFTY UNITED STATES
CONGRESSMEN AND SENA-
TORS.
TENS OF THOUSANDS OF THE
MASSES AND CLASSES. '-¦ Y-.
The claim of Peruna to beins
the standard catarrh remedy oi
the world Is based upon the foU
the druggist recommends some-
thing else that will be just es good,
It mey be that he does not always
recognize the responsibility thai
he is taking upon hhnself. Such
a substitute is always sure to re.
suit in failure.
than Psruno. Peruna can. only
be obtained at a uniform price
and no druggist can get It a cent
cheaper.
• Thus It Is that druggists are
tempted to substitute the cheap
imitations of Pcruna for Peruna.
It is done every day without a
doubt. \x£*'.'~i
When a patient calls at a drug
store to procure some Peruna and
These remedies can be procured
by the druggist very much cheaper
The great popularity of Peruna
as a catarrh remedy has tempted
many people to Imitate Peruna.
A great many so-called catarrh
remedies and catarrh tonics are
to be found in many drug stores.
"_._¦¦• :: .-¦ '. / y .~'. A '?y^?™^y^??L_; '¦ • ...
ADVEETISEMElfTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
1 ¦ New Zealand and. Australia....
Thursday. June 20. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.Wednesday. June !«, 10 a. tn.
6S. ZEALAKDIA (Honolulu only) ;... .
. Saturday June £». ? p.r»
i. D.SFRECKELS k BROS. CO , Eansra! Agents. S27 Hartet St
Gen'l Passsncer GtSct, 643 Mirtit St., fisr la. 7. PaciSc St
oceanic b.5.to. sss-aa
' PLYMOUTH-CHEHBOURG-HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ..June 291 'Phoenicia . Julv 13
Pretoria ........July ClPatrlcia ....July 20
«. 'Sails to Hamburg direct.
Homburq-Arn'rlcao Lin?. 37 b"wav, N. Y.
HERZOG&CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coa 9 t. ,401 California «t. * cmc
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
- Twin-Screw. Express Service.
. PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG-^HAMBXJRO.'
Columbia ...June 2T| Deutschland ....July ll
F. Bismarck..... July 4 1 Columbia July 25
Iwln-Screw Passinq?r service.
S Don't embarrass the
salesman In a high-priced
shoe store by asking the
difference In quality be-
Otween the shoe he offers
and the
: ¦¦ V-- - ¦: ¦'¦'¦' .
R Hardly expect him to
tell you that the higher
price of his shoes goes to
Opay the charges for hand-
ling, which Sorosis methods
eliminate.
: ; 75 styles to select from,
S sizes r to 9, widths AAA
to EE.
: Sold in: San Francisco
Exclusively at
S- 50 THIRD STREET
Second Sho9 Store from. Market
Write for Catalogue.
0 • r?J™ ' nnill I - * Corner Fourth, and
1 ALL U I I V A I -Market. S. F. Try
I . U P I II I I I U I our Special Brew.
UHIL llUIHL^-^aJf^
. - :' • ' ' t '- yallses checked free.
ADVEBTISEMEDTTS.
COKPAGNIE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQ1IE
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .
Sailing every Thursday, instead of '«3*f'!?Vfi>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, *&?**&
North • River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne, June 27; La Champagne, July 4- La
Gascogne.JJuly 11; »La Lorraine, July 18.
First cla«s to Havre. $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre. *45 and upward. I GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. , 32 . Broadway . (Hudson building:). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI &?CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
OPTICIANS^ HOr >^»^;w.
642 Market 5t. im5trumcnts
iiNDtR CMHOHicu euxoiMfr. CaTAIOSUE fBEt;
London Smoke
Protection Glasses
FB031 5OC PZBP118
Fels-Naptha soap is in town,
and washing is : better and
And your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia. .
THROAT XSSHbUDDK
LUNGSlMi fl FEMALE
I PEN. JOB WHEELER 1 1
| % Says of Peruna: "I loin j| I
| Senators Sullivan, Roach '- [ |
| p and McEnery In their good \l%
i» opinion of Peruna as an et*. Tl
!p tective catarrh remedy." jigSAN FRANCISCO RAILROAD MAN WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED TO A
POSITION OF GREAT IMPORTANCE . BY THE HARRIMAN SYNDI-.
CATE, WHICH RECOGNIZES HIS SPLENDID ABILITY.
"No arrangements have yet been made
for a consolidation with any road east
of the Mississippi River. Whether this
will be made later I cannot say. The re
port that the Harriman syndicate has en
tered Into a combination with the Atchi
son. Topeka,& Santa Fe is erroneous. -
"I left President Hays in Chicago,
where the conference was held. There
were four present at these meetings—Har
riman. President ¦ Burt, President Hays
and myself. All the arrangements had
not been 'settled when I left, but I kept
in touch with the proceedings all the way
west and everything is arranged. I ex
pect President Hays will arrive here on
Friday, as he did not expect to remain
long in Chicago. •
"Of all four roads of which I am traffic
director— I use the word director, though
a title has not been decided upon yet
— Harriman is' In complete control. He
is chairman of the executive board of
all these roads and can dictate any plans
that he may think fit."
No Combination 5 With Santa Fe.
, "I. don't wa^t to talk about that,"
Stubbs. replied. "Don't ask me that, as
I cannot answer. > I will - have my ¦¦ head
quarters in- Chicago, as I told you before,
and will-dictate the, traffic management.
I have not decided whether or not I will
take any attaches of .the road" from here
back.. with me. I have not had time to
consider this question yet; -but I shall
certainly require a number of assistants.
"Will your appointment to this new
post lessen the power of President Hays?"
he was asked. ' .;*= " :
"The same action has been taken by
the -Morgan interests. 'They have placed
Darius Miller in charge of the Great
Northern : and Burlington and he will be
practically in charge of the business-of
these roads. The railroad magnates' of
the East have decided that the best way
to operate roads is by this form of con
solidation. It is perfectly legal and is sure
to bring forth preat results."-" ..
and shall : leave California with many
happy recollections."
• "Will you direct the trafflc'of the entire
Harriman syndicate of roads?" was
asked.
"No;'I will dimply attend to the Union
Pacific. Southern • PaWflc, Oregon Short
Line, Oregon Railroad and ""Navigation'
and the Chicago and Alton. The new plan
should strengthen these roads and at the
same time not weaken the others.
'Attempt Made to Destroy Plant of the
: West Side Flume and Lumber
Company.
CARTERS, June 19. — A dastardly at
tempt to fire the extensive lumber manu
facturing plant of the West Side Flume
and Lumber Company occurred a few
days ago. The fire was- started at night
in a pile of debris contiguous to a mam
moth hotel nearly corrpleted for the ac
commodation of tourists over the scenic
Hetch Hetchy and Yosemite Valley Rail
,way to Yosemite next summer. The evi
dent purpose of firing the hotel wasAto
attract the attention of the watchmen
from the factories, as the following day
the discovery was made that the pipe
lines and hose had been cut, the water
supply shvit off ¦ and other preparations
made for firing other portions " of. the
works. The company was forced to put
on an extra watchman for the protection
of its property. ~.
Last night a desperate character named
Ed Somerville attempted to murder a
watchman named Timothy Murray by at
tacking him with a knife and inflicting
probably -fatal wounds..
WORK OF INCENDIARY
DISCOVERED IN TIKE
Suicide Writes a Far€well Note After
Swallowing a Teaspoonf ul
l . % of Strychnine.
,LOS ANGELES, June 19.— Lorenzo or
Leo F; Merrill, aged 24, committed suicide
on his father's ranch near Verdugo last
night by, taking a teaspoonf ul of strych
nine. He had been in poor health recent
ly. Despondency is supposed to have been
the cause of the act. There is a house on
the ranch, but no one lives there, the fam
ily residing in Pasadena. Young Merrill
was accustomed to travel back and forth
as occasion required.
• He 'did not return home last night, and
on investigation he was found dead at the
ranch house. ; The following note, evi
dently penned In his . last moments, was
found on the floor, by his side,:
I ' have taken a heaping teaspoonful of
strychnine. After waiting 13 minutes I feel
no ill effects. I have no fear. I am calmly
waiting the pangs of dissolution. But they
do not come. I would smoke a cigarette If I
had one.' This is the most interesting time I
have ever had. I am beginning to feel sick.
At times my head is giddy. I am able to live,
I fear. How a man can write so calmly as
this I cannot understand.
LEO F. MERRILL.
Young Merrill's father, F. H. Merrill, Is
a trusted employe of the Postal Telegraph
Company at Los Angeles. •
CALMI/Y DESCRIBES HIS
FEELINGS WHII>T! DYING
out Harriman'3 plans. He-said that the
new policy would not work any change
in -the. list, of officers of any. ;of the rail
roads-concerned.' In that precise and de
termined', manner which is characteristic
of the man he remarked: "I will make
no changes where I am satisfied with re
sults and feel that the man is working
hard." . > ; ' '¦¦¦'¦ .- > i
'- Stubbs,. who Is deemed the greatest traf
fic man in the world, has no frills.'; He
came from Chicago in a Pullman car, the
same a3 any citizen. He was accompanied
by ;his private . secretary and looked
somewhat tired and. anxious, as if he al
ready; realized what a siupendous mental
effort is facing him. Harriman Is no phil
anthropist,- and when, he pays a man a
; small' fortune every year it is merely an
Investment — the hiring of a man. whose
genius and energy are deemed worthy of
the outlay. - . -'- /<
Will. Go to Chicago Early in July. !
"When do you expect to take up .'your
new work?" Mr. Stubbs was asked. : ;
"At' once, or at least as soon as I can
settle my business affairs," he replied.
"I. expect to leave here and go to Chicago
the early part, of July. I am sorry that I
shall no longer reside in San Francisco
¦ i . .... -V**."' - - " •
combination and ¦ will endeavor to carry
I express to all of you. ' comrades on the
water, ray . delight that it has been granted
me once more to participate with you In the
«,i es .,r Of }£ e - North German ReKatta Club.
HIS Magnificence, in his brief, pithy speech,
has Just given us a picture of the iprogress
made by our fatherland In the domain of
aquatic sport. \ My whole task in the future
will be- to assure that the seeds now sown
enall spring up In peace and security. Not
withstanding • the fact that we as yet hav»
not a navy as we should have, we have won
for ourselves a place In the sunshine and It
will now be my task to take care this place
remains In. our undisputed possession, so that
the sun's rays may- shed fruitful influence
over our. trade and Intercourse abroad and In
dustry and agriculture at home and also on
the yachting: on our waters, for our future
lies on the water. The more Germans go on
the water, whether in yacht races or on Toy
pges across the ocean, or In the service of the
German flas, the better It is for us, for once
the German has learned to keep an eye on
the far horizon the pettiness surrounding him
in his daily life disappears. If a man. wants
to get this broad and higher view, a Hansattc
tour is surely the most suitable for him. We
have drawn our conclusions from what Em
peror William the Great and the great man
whose monument . we have Just unveiled have
left us. Those . conclusions consist . In this —
that s we start 'at the point at which the old
Hansa has to leave off, because it lacked the
Vivifying and protecting power of the empire.
May^it therefore be the task of my house. In
profound peace, to promote and protect trade
and commerce for long years to come. • I be
hold in' the events, of which China has been
the scene and of which' the present return of
the troops .marks the close, a guarantee that
European peace is assured for long years to
come, " for the service performed ' by the Indi
vidual contingents have calledMorth an appre
ciation based • on mutual j esteem and comrade
ship, .which can only contribute to the main
tenance of peace. I trusf that, .profiting by
this peace, our Hansa towns will flourish and
that our new Hansa will mark out a path frr
winning and" retaining new- trade outlets. As
the supreme head of the empire.- I can only
rejoice over every Hansatlc man who - roes
forth with far-seeing gaze, seeking new points
where we can knock in nails on which to hang
our arms. ' - ¦ •
Emperor William concluded with a eu
logy on the director general of the Ham
burg-American line.-Herr Albert. Ballln.
who had "gone out as a bold adventurer
to make peaceful conquests whose fruits
our grandchildren will reap."
. CUXHAVEN, June 19.— At the conclu
sion of the regatta held yesterday on the
lower Elbe a dinner i was given on board
the. Hamburg- American yacht Victoria
Luise, at which Emperor "William made
a speech. His Majesty told his hearers
that j he deduced ' from recent events in
China the- suarantee that the peace of
Europe was assured for long years to
come, because of the mutual esteem and
spirit of comradeship created by the
united action of the allied contingents.
- His Majesty, in reply to the Burgomas
ter's toast, said: . - .
Emperor William Speaks
on Recent Events
\ . in China.
Glpries in Mutual Esteem
% and Comradeship of
1 : the Powers.
YEARS DF PEACE
NOW ASSURED
OMAHA. June 13. — A report is current
that, the Standard Oil Company is nego
tiating for the purchase of one of the
banks of this city. It is understood ¦ that
that company is to establish a chain of
bankP along the Missouri River and that
the Kansas City and Omaha deals are
now pending.
Intends Establishing a Chain of Fi
nancial Institutions Along the
Missouri River.
OIL TETJST BEACHING
OTJT FOB. MORE BANKS
Wednesday, the 26th inst., the Upper
Sacramento River and the Feather River
up *to Nlcolaus are on the itinerary. The
Congressmen will also, sail to the mouth
of the : Feather River and up the Sacra
mento River to Knights Landing. Thurs
day, the 27th, Marysville and the debris
dams on the Tuba River will be the ob
jective points. That night the party will
leave Marysville on the way to Portland,
Puget Sound points and Alaska,
-The plans of the. Rivers and Harbors
Committee so - far as completed are as
given herewith. To-day Mare " Island,
Vallejo and Napa will be visited. The
ladies will not go beyond Vallejo. To
morrow San Francisco Bay and Petaluma
will be inspected. The ladies will not go.
Saturday and Sunday 'will be devoted to
sight-seeing in and about San Francisco.
At 9 a. m. next Monday the party will
start by rail for Stockton, to examine
the channels about that towh. Tuesday
the San Joaquln River and the Sacra
mento River as far 'as Sacramento will
be viewed.
IMMEDIATE PLANS
OF CONGRESSMEN
The Oakland committee left no chance
for the needs of the communities across
the bay to be misunderstood. They hand
ed to each member of the Rivers and Har
bors Committee a carefully prepared doc
ument which «5et forth that the total ton
nage of freight passing through the jetty
channel of Oakland harbor in one year,
not including Long "Wharf,- amounted to
3,373,112 tons. The requests that will be
urged at Washington for harbor better
ments were al3O enumerated. - .
During the day several important com
munications were presented to the atten
tion of the Committee on Rivers and Har
bors, which had been received from promi
nent shipping men. One of these was
written by Captain W. E. Mighell. This
inclosed a list of twenty-six vessels man
aged by Mighell which arc unable to go
to the Oakland wharves and also had a
suggestion that a depth of twenty-five feet
at mean low tide should be secured in
Oakland harbor. Hind, Rolph & Co.,
shipping men, wrote that, they have sev
eral steamers bringing coal from Van
couver Island. B. C, which are unable to
discharge in Oakland because of the lack
of deep water. They stated that this
means an extra charge of 50 cents per ton
for coal against Oakland. • John Rosen
feld's Sons wrote that their coal vessels
draw twenty-five feet .when laden and
none of the larger ones can be sent into
¦Oakland harbor to. discharge at tho
¦wharves. Letters of similar import were
received from H. J. Knowles, - Williams,
Dlmond & Co. and H. S. Jerome.
FACTS SUPPLIED
BY SHIP OWNERS
The party disembarked at Adams' wharf:
rode through Oakland, the drive Including
a visit to the handsome grounds of F. M.
Smith; then proceeded to luncheon. After
luncheon, the ladles were taken In car
riages under the direction of . Secretary
Charles F. Cole of the Oakland joint com
mittee and saw many sections of Oak
land not previously viewed by them.
The gentlemen proceeded to Adams' wharf
and embarked in a launch and two small
vachts, which were towed by the launch,
and went up to the High-street bridge,
passing through the tidal basin. Once
more they took carriages and went around
to the junction of U.e tidal canal with
San Leandro Bay and then drove through
Alameda and Oakland back to Adams'
wharf. There they embarked on the Slo
cum once more and steamed back to San
Francisco, passing around the battleships
on the bay in passage and cheering and
being cheered by the crew of the battle
ship Oregon. ;
Throughout the trip Chairman Burton
stood near the pilot-house with maps in
hand, vigorously asking questions. With
him were Senator Perkins, Congressman
Metcalf, Colonel Heuer, "W. A. Boole Jr.
of. Oakland, James A. Taylor, James de
Fremery, Congressman Bankhead, Wil
liam M. Bunker and Secretary Scott of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce. Mr. Burton had his stenographer
near and to him many observations were
dictated and taken down for future refer
ence.
"While some time was passed pleasantly
in sociability, the greater part of the day
was spent in business. The Rivers and
Harbors Committee, accompanied by Sen
ator Perkins and Congressmen Metcalf.
"Woods and Coombs, Colonel Heuer and
the local committees already named, em
barked at 10:30 on the United States
steamer Slocum at Folsom-street wharf
and went directly to Oakland harbor.
They found the shipping and the ship
yards decorated with flags and the greet
ing sound of steam sirens were supple
mented by the artillery of the Oakland
Yacht Club, which -was fired from the
clubhouse.
BUSINESS CLAIMS
CLOSE ATTENTION
ton, W. E. Dargie, C. B. Daniels, Messrs. Hay
and Wright. John A. Brltton. T. T. Dargie,
Colonel H«uer. C. H. Butler, L.. J. Le Conte.
Mayor Anson Barstow. J, F. W. Sohst, George
W. Arper, W'llber "Walker. Thomas Crellin, D.
Edward Collins, P. E. Bowles, Thomas Prath
er, W. G. Henshaw, G. W. Reed, George K.
de Golia, Cary Howard, "W. H. Weilbye, James
A. Johnson, F. C- Turner, F. M. Campbell,
E. W. Marston, J. I*, de Fremery. William
Rutherford, James P. Taylor, Kdson F. Adams,
E C. Sessions,' Sol Kahn. M. J. Keller. G. W.
Fisher, D. C. Brown, H. D. Cushin*,. E. P.
Vandercook, A. Jonas, "W. F. Boole Jr., E. B.
Norton and A, H. Schlueter.
Continued from Page One.
Pingree's Body Embalmed.
LONDON, June 19.— The North German
Lloyd steamer Koenigen Luise, which
will sail from Bremen on June 22, via
Southampton June 23, for New York, will
take the body of former Governor Hazen
S. Plngree of Michigan, who died here
last night. /The remains of Mr. Plngree
have been embalmed. .
REPRESENTATIVES OF THREE CITIES,
Barker and his wife were upon the
stand to-day. They told their story, so
far as the court would allow, answering
the questions of counsel for the defense,
and, althourh the record does not show
It. Mr. Van Winkle got reference to Rev.
Mr. Keller's alleged insult to Mrs. Bar
ker before tha Jury In one way and an
other, though the nature of the act was
not brought out. :
The purpose of Barker's testimony was
to show that, after having brooded for
a period over what his wife had told him.
he was in a morbid state of mind, and
when he came face to" face with the min
ister he was carried away by feeling and
began firing; that it was sudden, violent
and temporary Insanity, lasting but a
moment, but long enough to cover the
period of the shooting.
Barker admitted that he bought the re
volver at the time he had heard the story
which worried him and caused him sleep
less nights and great mental stress. He
denied, however, that he bought it for the
purpose of shooting' the clergyman. •
Mrs. Barker was a little nervous at first
but this finally wore off. She calmly an
swered the Questions of her husband's
lawyers and by the time she was put
under cross-examination appeared to be
under perfect self-control.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The fate of
Thomas G. Barker, on trial at Jersey City
for the shooting and wounding of Rev.
John Keller, may go to the Jury to-mor
row. The defense had practically finished
when the court arose this evening.
Jury Learns of Cause Lead
ing to the Attack on the
Clergyman.
BARKERS TELL
OF THE INSULT
Wife of Man Who Shot
' Rev. John Keller
Testifies.
Ma.iL "readv to keep order and eject the
malcontents. The 'stalwarts' were drawn
from the low class foreign clubs In Soho.
Many of them were armed with sticks,
broomhandles and knuckle dusters, and
they acted with unrestrained violence in
excluding rowdies and throwing out un
desirable persons."
A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treas
ury, in a speech to-night at a. Conserva-,
tlve banquet in London, made a strong
protest against the action of the Banner
man party in countenancing the pro-Boer
movement, thereby prolonging the war
and adding to the already great difficulties
and sufferings.
"It is a scandalous arid shocking thing."
said Mr. Balfour, "that such men should,
before the whole worlS. accuse their fel
low countrymen and soldiers of carrying
on war by barbarous methods."
LOICDOX, Juna 13.— Thousands of peo
ple began collecting outside of Queen's I
Kail two hours before the advertised time
of the pro-Boer meeting held there to
night. "When the doors Were finally
opened the pressure of the surging mob
was so great that many pepolo fainted.
There vraa considerable disturbance and
windows were broken in during the at
tempts made by persons without tickets
to gala admission. Some of these were
Injured.
l>uring the disturbance many Jingoes
salued admittance to the hall, which was
crammed from floor to ceiling. Much
hooting, mingled with cheers, greeted tho
delegates upon their arrival, and, during
the evening: the delivery of speeches was
attended by some difficulty from the
same cause.
Henry Lahouchere presided at the meet
ing, and besides J. "W. Sauer, ex-Commis
sioner of Public Works of Cape Colony,
many prominent pro-Boers. Including
John Dillon, leader of the Nationalists;
David Lloyd-George (Welsh Nationalist)
and James Kerr Hardle (Socialist) were
present.
During the meeting fully 10,000 Jingoes
gathered outside the hall, blockaded traf
fic and necessitated relays of policemen
to keep a, semblance of order In the
crowd. Several men mounted the para
pet cJ the Langham Hotels and, waving
union jacks, proposed resolutions against
the pro-Boer agitation, which they de
clared to have been carried when the
meeting in Queen's Hall terminated.
The usual speeches were made and the
usual resolutions were carried amid much
commotion and excitement- The resolu
tions included an amendment In favor of
the complete independence of the Boer
republics, proposed by Baron Batterse, for
the Radicals, which did not meet the ap
proval of the Labouchere party. The
meeting ended with the singing of the
"Marseillaise."
J. X. Merriman, ex-Treasurer of Cape
Colony and now a representative of the
Afrikander Bund In England, wrote a
letter to the promoters of the meeting,
apologizing for his absence.
Several collisions occurred between the
crowd outside the hall and the police, and
the latter had the greatest difficulty la
handling the assemblage. No casualties
•were reported.
The Daily Mall asserts that the pro
moters of the Queen's Hall meeting pro
cured the services of six or seven hun
dred "stalwarts" as stewards. These
"gangs of foreign ruffians" were found
inside the hall, according to the Daily
Jingoes Interrupt Speakers
and Several Collisions
Occur.
Riotous Scenes Attend
Mass-Meeting in
; London.
BRITONS PLEAD
FOR THE BOERS
TRAFFIC DIRECTOR STUBBS DISCUSSES
SOME PHASES OF HIS NEW DUTIES
Thte Official, Representing Some of the Harriman Railrpad Inter
ests, in the Country, Gomes to Town in an Ordinary Pull
man and . Talks Modestly of His 'Immense Responsibilities
entertain \ the delegates to : the T Circuit
Turnf est, have their plans completed j and
are expecting ¦ a r good . crowd '¦ here ., during
the ; four , days beginning on ; Friday. : Re T ;
ceptions, 'dances, singing contests " r and
banquets will be held, most of them, at
Turner ; Hall. There will be two days I of
picnic at the | Lakeside ; grounds t on . Sat
urday and Sunday, where the prize turn
ing and [prize shooting will be held. On
Friday, morning : and : afternoon there will
be receptions on the arrival of the steam
ers and trains. • In the afternoon -¦ wel
come addresses will be delivered by -Vice
President- Tepte > and , by . Mayor,' Frary.
That? evening 'there, will be a grand con
cert , and ' turning exhibition • at the Fisher
Opera-house. On Saturday ¦ there will . be
shooting y and v turning at the ; picnic
grounds, with singing, declaiming . and
reading, at night. ; Sunday there will be a
picnic, followed at night by. a grand ball
at Turner Hall. : Monday there will be an
excursion' on-theibay and outside as far
as the bar,' with a visit to Coronado ; Tent
City, t The o nlght will" be given to a" ban
quetr'with which the Turnf est will close.-
Visiting Delegates to San Diego Will
Devote Four Bays to Merry- :
¦¦, * , making. ,\*«
SAN DIEGO, June 19.— The* committees
of the Concordia Turn Verein, which is to
FROORAJOEE COMP1/ETED •' }
FOB CTRuui'A' TTTRNFEST
Mrs. Moore^said she believed her hus
band went to Sacramento to work in a
cigar factory, but the name of it and its
whereabouts in that city she did not
know. : She had not heard from him for
three weeks and many, days ago the tri
fling amount of .money he had left 'her
was used in the effort to nourish ' her
starving brood. .
. Moore was. at one time,- engaged In
ranching near this town . and failing in
that he tried ? the ,« barber's trade. He
owed rent to the man who owns the house
in which the family lived and was,re
cently ordered to. move. When the rent
proposition became serious he dropped out
of sisht. The plight in which he left his
family has caused much Indignation.
• Constable Coleman, In pursuance of an
order of court, carried the order of evic
tion to the helpless: woman. Mrs. Moore
said she was willing to obey, the law, but
tearfully explained that she and her little
ones were without a morsel of food "and
would have to shelter themselves as best
they could on the, street. She had but a
few potatoes in the house and only the
night before she had. been compelled to
sell a pair of .scissors : to obtain money
for bread with which to keep the life in
the hungry children who clung to her
skirts and pleaded»in their piteous, child
ish way > for more -food as the constable
read the cruel ultimatum of the law.
LODI, June 19. — The mysterious disap
pearance of Thomas Moore, who until a
few days ago worked as a barber in this
town, has made worry for the law offi
cers and has. also caused a pathetic con
dition of affairs in the household he left
behind him. His wife and his six chil
dren, the oldest only 12 years of age, were
evicted to-day and are now being support
ed by the 'county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pathetic Case of Evic
tion in the Town
of Lodi.
CHILDREN ARE
ORDERED OUT
THE dispatch from Chicago that I
am to fill the position of traffic
director for part of the Harri
man syndicate of roads is true,"
said J. C. Stubbs last evening to
newspaper representatives^ ¦who awaited
him. at the Oakland mole. ¦ .
Mr. Stubbs returns from the East to set
tle all his business here and will leave
in the early part of July to take up his
new positir-i in Chicago, In which city
he will make his permanent home. His
new position will be that of traffic di
rector of the Union Pacific. Southern Pa
cific, Chicago and Alton, Oregon Short
DINMORE'S WIFE
BACK IN DENVER
Line and Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company. What his. salary will be is not
known, but last night Mr. Stubbs Jocu
larly remarked that the papers were
steadily increasing it in their announce
ments of his appointment and that now
that he had reached San FTanclsco he
supposed his Job was worth $150,000 a year.
It is generally supposed, however, that
he holds a five-year contract and that his
salary will not be less than $70,000 e year.
He was not anxious at any time to give
up his home in San Francisco and Harri
man no doubt' had to make him a tempt-
Resumes Her Former
Name and Hopes for
Early Divorce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 19.— Mrs. N. H. Cone-
Dlnmore — or Mrs. Cone, for. she has al
ready discarded the name ¦ of her latest
but not lamented husband— has returned
to Denver and will obtain a decree of di
vorce as soon as the wheels of Justice In.
the County Court can be made to move.
Mrs. Cone has not returned to her Denver
home, but has engaged a suit of rooms at
-the Brown Palace. She has spent the time
in New York since her sudden departure
from the Golden Gate city, and Just, to
pass away the tedious hours is said to
have dabbled a little in stocks. She is
reported to have cleared 512,000 in North
ern Pacific on an investment of 51000.
But Mrs. Cone does not need to specu
late. She has informed friends since her
return that her income is $800 a month.
Apparently she no longer grieves over her
third matrimonial venture, for during the
past few nights she has been the center
of a gay crowd of young clubmen on the
balconies at the Brown, and her stunning
Parisian gowns have been the talk of the
house. Mrs. Cone is more than pretty:
she is of that type that is called dashing.
Mrs. Cone's second husband was superin
tendent of the Smith-Moffatt-Cone mining
interests at Cripple Creek. He died In
Denver a little more than a- year ago,
leaving his widow a fortune and a home
on Capitol Hill..
WILIi BE LYNCHED
j IF.HE IS CAUGHT
Discharged Soldier Kills a Deputy
Sheriff and Then. Escapes to
j the Mountains.
CHEYENNE, ,/Wyo., June 19.— A report
has . just ¦ reached here from""Kemmerer,
Wyo., of a double killing on Sunday near
Big Plney, in Ulnta County. George
Ecker, a returned Philippine soldier,
about a year ago raised a check and fled
the, country. Recently he returned and
was located near, Big Piney, sixty miles
north of Kemmerer. Sunday I>eputy
Sheriff G. B. Holden of Uinta. County and
Fred Reardon, a prominent, merchant of
Big Plney, attempted to arrest Ecker,
who shot and killed Holden and mortally
wounded Reardon. He then ' fled to the
mountains and is being pursued by a posse
of citizens ¦ under- command - of Sheriff
James. I Feeling is Intense, and If captured
Ecker. will be lynched. .
Czar Forgives Riotous Students.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 19.— Professor
Otts' bulletin says the condition of ; tho
Czarina and her child Is entirely satisfac
tory. The Czar signalized the birth of his
daughter by issuing a ukase commuting
the punishment of the riotous students.
Some of them are exempted from further
military feervice and others are ; credited
with their period of . punishment as part
of .their regular military service.
Cameras and | Photo Supplies.
, Take a camera whehiyou go for.a,va
cation or on a plcnlcviYou will never, for
get the trip If you have good 'plates -and
films. Get -.your -supplies from Sanborn;
Vail & Co. and you will be sure to have
the best. :.- . , ..;. . :=•¦;
ing offer to get him to gro East.
Mr. Stubbs said that the office he now
holds was created by Harriman as an ex
periment. Harrimanis positive that with
a consolidation of the four • roads great
results can be accomplished. Stubbs Is
to be placed at the head of this great
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JU^sE 20, 190L
3
ADVEBTISEilEHTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Qj) 15511fASIKST.tet.e:iMa,S.?.Ci:.
- fcy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In tbe
_^ft- , World. Weaknesses or any contracted
ftga pjB disease po«ltl»«ly cnr«d by the oldest
ffg fig 1 Specialist on the Coast. £sl 36 years.
fll&Fa DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f tf*%)9 Consultation free and strictly prrrate.
I S#<5r H Treatment personally or by letter. A
a Or 19| ¦ i»Mi«P8 Cut* in erery case undertaken. .
9/1 II IK Write fiw Book. PHILOSOPnY af
I ft \yi BlaBRIACE, MAILED FKEE. (A
d Ji Taluable book for rnrn) , t :\--\-
i)Si. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market S t. , S. ?.
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking: relief fcr so-called "Weakness"
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
haa been damaged by either a contracted dis-
order or early . dissipation/ These patients
have no weakness at all. Frematureness. Loss
of Vitality, etc, are the symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically Inflamed
prostate eland. We find by curing this lnSam-
rnatlon that full visor at once returns. It
should be understood that tonics, electricity,
etc., might cure a real weakness, but would do
harm in Inflammation. The main object Is to
reduce the size of the tender, swollen and In-
flamed prostate. This we accomrilsh by local
treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have
unsuccessfully treated for a weakness should
bow understand the cause of failure.
_997 MARKET 6TRggT,-Cor. Sixth..
Or poor laundry work a satlsfle^~cus-
tomer. That's why all our work Is tip-
top In quality — because we want to hold a
customer once grained, and 'the only way
for us to do It is to please him.
You're no further away from satisfac-
tory laundry. work, than the nearest post
box— use it and we'll call promptly.
No saw edges.
FAINT HEART NEVER WON FAIR LADY
[1 -^PATENTS?. 2
DR. HALL'S REINYlfiORATOR gap
Five hundred reward for any &ty ['TJJ
case ¦we cannot cure. This secret ¦"" ""S
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. H
cures EmlssloBS, Impotency, Vari- FTy wW^
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fjWI Wtj
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all t&yl KX-
wasting effects • of self -abuse or E$*lL«^*'
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 ¦osbssbbbbmm
bottles $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress "HAUL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 853
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails I
on Application.
DIRECTORY
COAL. COKE AJO PIQ IHOM.
I f WIT R C(\ 9°° Battery Street.
J- Kr niLjUil U tU>» Telephone Main 1S61.
FRESH. AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYF^fcfft" Shipping ¦Butchers. i«
JA3» DUICiCttU. day. Tel . Ma!n 1294
COPPERSMITH.\
C W SMITH ShlD Plambing. Steamboat and
U« IT • Jail 1 11 » .ship "Work a specialty. 18 and
18 "Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
oils: '
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
. . 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. "
23 First Street. San Francisco.
PRINTING.
Er HTTfiHpC PRINTER,
t- I1UUUCJ. Bll Sansome St.. 3/ P.
ffeiy Gall $1.00 MM
WM9 Cured While
CJ^X You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•Or*n-«olT* n t- aiswlTW Stricture ™£«o w *J
¦tranrtbests tbe Seminal Ducts, su»ppln*l>raliii »m4
iinulMloDB In Fifteen Day*. J 1#M _i
Fo Crorm to njln tbe »tomacb, but » dlreetlooH
moa poslflre application to tb« entire urtthral track
Criii-SolTent It not a lKreld. It 1« V**P£***J*
Che form of Crayons or Pencil*, smooth and flexlW*
•ad eo narrow u to paas tbe elo*«st fctricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.,* ,
Tk« Bk James Aeen^Box 8». aodnnatt. O^ DM
¦mared at rrwt expense an exhautt- fllff I
ht Illustrated Treatise npon tbe male L II L k |
IjrtBm, which tW will send U) any f T\ T P 1
J1MFS ASW 2co Eunirr.,
dl. JAUlCd Ad2.\, Cincinnati, Ohio.
«A New W«eiaB."
Disease makes many a woman prema-
turely old. Dark-rimmed eyes, nollow
cheeks and wasted form are accompan-
ied by listlessness and loss of ambition.
Home duties are a -weariness, and social
pleasures have no attraction.
One of the commonest expressions of
nMTBsra£T£37£2=E35F "^oraen cured by
mSS^^^SM Doctor Pierce's
W^^^^^^S^ Favorite Prescrip-
B3a^3g|3ai!S3|*^0 tion is this: "It
els' ias ma^ e a new
fZ& j-*J?@3B woman of me."
W/3& \S^H Tj^' 8 . 11 T^dd
«g £*Sr > Egg of meaning in the
Sft ¦ ? '*) ill ' w ' or< l s - It means
it '^5^ J&fr brought back to
BnsA yiiff!' the eyes; the com-
lljll* "^L/Mwk plexion tinted \
I llUjil "with the rosy hue
M of healthy blood;
a ."¦..: "• ¦ - ¦ the form rounded
mmmmmaKBaB^mBB* out anew in
- graceful curves; the Yrhole body radiant
•with health.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
njakes weak women .strong and sick
women well. It dries debilitating
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness. It
makes new women of those prematurely
aged by disease- . .
«Dr Pierce'* medidnes are the best I have
ever used." writes Mrs. C. Kelson, of Chemawa,
Marion Co.. Oregon. «Mt health was badly
nm down when I consulted nim by letter. My
limbs were cold and my head hart m.'- coatinn-
•ilv I was so nerross that the least thins:
would startle me almost into convulsions. I had
palpitation of the heart eo bad that I_ could
Scarcely walk sometimes. I felt utterly discour-
aged, but two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
prescriptioa and one of ' Golden Medical Dis-
x covery' made a new. woman oat of me."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sens« Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one-cent stamps for the book in paper
covers, or 31 stamps for it in cloth bind-
ing. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, No. 663
M«i* Street, Bufialo, N. Y.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heartv
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels.'Purely Vegetable.
Small Fill. Small Dose. -
Small Price.
* ii~
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street. <
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland bff!ca-r54 San Pablo Av%.-
¦
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
& CO.
Diseases and
Weakness of \ -
MEN ONLY'
IN THE VARIOU3 FORMS OF GKNERAL.
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, such Is the lowered standard of tbe
vital processes that the function of no organ Is
perfectly performed, and with the result In? da-,
pression the patient has a REAL, weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not WeaknessTSymptoms
.. iHpAKFERS'
OR.MEYERS&CO. jlll!^
Specialists. Disease jWc&%?'
and weakness of ' £|5|$f V
men. Established *{p&£ J<M> . r^jj
1SS1. Con sultation « ryf
and private book vSS. * I
free, at office, or by *V^»5c /^SfekJ
mail. Cures guar- \Wk-1^^^>U
anteed. 731 Mar- f^^^^«
ket street (eleva- $<£$&£. 'W »
tor entrance), San mN//Mg&«>
Francisco. Sk <«3 —^
Eczema seta tire skin ¦ on fire. The acid poisons in. ¦ ij||l|;' //* N^? -^Hi /
the blood are forced out through the pores of the skin, 'ZjSsP'--.. vA t ( y; / |p
causing intense redness, burning and itching. So terrible 7|^ mW' y t-^
is the itching at times, especially when the body is over- ; pi jpf^v M'\ i
heated, that the ahnost distracted sufferer feels that he" % Jf «&dg|i^
could tear the skin to pieces, and that he must scratch or v \ \^uS^£8$fc~^>\
go crazy. He knows from experience that \ this . only tf z
. makes matters worse, but, made desperate by the terrible
burningand itching, he. is for the time being indifferent to after effects. There
are several forms of Eczema, the moist, or weeping kind, that comes in little pus-
tules which discharge a watery, sticky fluid, which dries and peels off in bran-like
ecales.'' So profuse is the discharge at times that large scabs or crusts f^prm, which
are both painful and troublesome, and not easily removed. Red, disfiguring bumps
and sores are symptoms- of Eczema. -The dry, form usually attacks the head,
hands and feet ; the skin, becoming hard and rough, often cracking open and
bleeding, and attended with much itching. Eczema depends upon a poisoned con-
, •.'¦¦¦'.>; ;;:••'¦.-¦.¦ dition of the blood, and local
Mr. Ij. Marno, Escondldo, San Dieffo County, 'applications, ..while soothing
' Oal., writes : ** Iffy body brolio out with a rash ' and cooling, and may to some
or eruption which, in spito of all efforts to cur© extent relieve the infiamma-
continnod to *et worao. Tho itching especially S ?*a T itSno^SSS-
at ni»ht, -was .imply torriblo; it would almost £ on a ™ * clam S» &**<>*
disappear at times, only to return -ororso than '.be considered cures, because
ievor. <I had tried many ; highly recommended.* : external remedies * do not,
: preparations .without benefit, and hoaxing- of S. reach constitutional or blood
S. S. determined to give it ft fair, trial, and was diseases. Salves, ointments,
! incxproosibly \ dolighted_whon av fe-w.r bottloa powders, lotions and soaps do
cured me entirely, removing- every blomish -and £™T ifi^^ ?>,„„ «!^~r %«,
pimple from my body. -I shall not f ail to recoxa- mox^ .harm than good, by
mend S. B. S.. whenever an opportunity occurs. , smearing over and sealing up
v .. v ". the^pores of the skin, thus
forcing the poison back into the blood. S. S. S. antidotes and neutralizes the acid
poisons and drives out of the circulation all impurities and humors,* and the pure,
I rich ; blood that is carried to ,the diseased skin quickly allays the inflammation,
opens the clogged up pores; and the 6kin becomes soft, smooth and ready to perform
its proper functions: -To be rid of Eczema you must first purify and build up the
¦ blood; and nothing so surely and effectually does this as S. S. S. , the only guaran-
teed purely /vegetable blood purifier.'^ Send fcr cur book on blood and skin diseases, I
and write our phvsicians for any, information or a«irice you way desire.- Medical
advice and book "free. THE SWirT* SPECIFY CO., ATLANTA, ;CA,
AD V KKTISTTlVrKUTS.AUCKLAND— Arrived June 18— Stmr Mari
pesa, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Sydney, NSW*. ¦• ¦ . ._
Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar; stmr Mesaba,
from London.
DENVER, June 19.— The State Gama
Department has unearthed a. plot whereby
a pumber of Denver and Colorado Springrs
firms have combined and employed men
to kill wild game out of season for their
hides. Hundreds of dollars' worth of
deer, elk and antelope hides have been
seized and confiscated In the stores oC L.
A. Watkins & Co.. M. Solomon & Co., J.
L. Brown and E. J. McLean and the pro
prietors arrested. Arrests were also ef
fected in Colorado Springs. Efforts are
being- made to apprehend the hunters.
Heavy penalties are prescribed by the law
for those violating the game preserva
statutes and the traffic in hides.
MAITT COIX>ItADO ITEMS
VIOLATE THE GAME LAWS
VATIOXAL, LEAGtTE.
Clubs— W. L,. Pet. Clubs— TV. I>. Pet.
Pittsburgr ...2S 18 .MS Brooklyn 22 22 .500
New York... 21 17 .553 Cincinnati ..21 21 .500
St. Louis 23 21 .643 Boston 20 20 .500
Phlladelphla.22 23 .489 Chicago 17 31 .334
BROOKLYN, June 19. — The Brooklyna scored
a victory over Cincinnati to-day, the locals
hi '.ting Phillips almost at will. Attendance,
1900. Score: i .
. y R. H. B.
Cincinnati 6 10 •
Brooklyn 1» 13 S
' Batterfes— Phillips and Bergen; McJames
$jid McGulre. Umpire— Dwyer.
; PHILADElJ'HIA. June 19.— The score:
R. H. B.
St. Louis * 11 9
Philadelphia 2 » t
Batteries— Jones and Nichols; Donohue and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
-NEW YORK, June 19.— The score:
. R. H. R.
New York 5 6 3
Plttsburg 5 10 5
• Batteries— Matthe-wson and Smith and Bow
ermaii: Leever. Tannehlll and O'Connor and
Zlmmer. Umpire— O" Day.
BOSTON. June 19.— Chicago and Boston
playec two games to-day. Score of first game:
R. H. E.
Boston * . 8.8
Chicago 2 S3
Batteries— WHIla and Klttredge; Menefee and
Kahoe, I Umpire— Nash.
Second came:
R. H. B.
Boston 7 ' 10 1
Chicago « 10 *
Batteries— Lawson and Klttredge: Easnn and
Kling. Umpire— Nash.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Chicago 29 19 .604 Baltimore 19 20 .487
Boston 23 17 .695 Philadelphla.21 23 .477
Detroit 27 20 .574 Cleveland ....16 27 .372
Washington.. 20 IS .526 Milwaukee ..18 29 .356
BALTIMORE. June 19.— Baltimore again,
won from Milwaukee to-day. Foreman was
very effective until the seventh Inning, when
he let down a bit and allowed the visitors to
score. Attendance. 1813. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore » 19 . J
Milwaukee ." ' 3 10 I
Batteries— Foreman and Robinson: Hustings,
Hawley and Maloney.
-WASHINGTON. June 19.— The score:
R- H. E.
Washington •••.. 7 13 3
Detroit 2 5 a
Batteries— Patten and Grady; Schriever and
Buelow.
PHILADELPHIA, June 19.— The score r y
R. H. B.
Cleveland • S 9 5
Philadelphia 4 I »
Batteries— Hart and Wood; Fraser and
Powers.
BOSTON, June 13.— The score:
K. H. B.
Boston 5 9 1
Chicago 3 8 3
Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Callahan,
Patterson and Sucden.
Foreman of the American
League Weakens in .
the Box.
Batters Land Heavily on
the Cincinnati's
' Pitcher.
BROOKLYN PLAYS
A WINNING GAME
Next Sunday there - should be a fine
contest among the Italian- fishing boats.
Bight of the- owners have got up a sweep
stake of $S0 and the men had their boats
out of the water yesterday and were pol
ishing and getting them into trim for the
event. -The course is from Meiggs wharf
to Blossom Rock and back, thence to and
around the Fort Point buoy and home
again. There is a great deal of rivalry
among the fishermen and the race is sure
to be very closely contested.
Italian Fishermen to Bace.
"We buy trunks, valises and dress suit
cases by the carload. Also receive large
shipments of pocketbooks. belts, bill
books, card cases, etc. On all fine leather
goods, kodaks and cameras included, your
full name lettered in gold free of charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
• Trunks by the Carload.
Alone.
The annual meeting of the trustees of
the State Normal School was held yes
terday afternoon at the offlce of the sec
retary, H. G." W. DInkelspiel. Officers
were elected as follows: ' .'
Chairman, S. C. Denson: secretary, H. G.
W. Dir.kelsplel: executive committee— Dr. W.
J. Hawkins, W. G. Jot%on and S. C. Deiison;
committee of Joint board— F. A. Hyde and H.
G. W. Dlnkelsj>lel. '.'[
The president reported . that .prior to
graduation one-fourth .of the graduates
had been elected to positions throughout
the State. Director F. 'A. "Hyde offered
resolutions stating a policy for the school
which were unanimously adopted. They
recite that the faculty of the, school shall
be selected as heretofore on a basis of
merit alone, and that personal or political
influence shall cut no figure. Applica
tions for positions must be first submitted
to the principal, who will nominate to the
board those whom be considers most com
petent. The Drincipal shall continue to
maintain the present high standard of
admission to the school and shall certify
to the trustees for graduation only those
students who can be honestly recom
mended as teachers of undoubted ability.-
The school will reopen on July 22, but
new pupils will be admitted until August
20.
Decides That Faculty Shall Be Se
lected on Basis of Merit
NORMAL SCHOOL BOARD
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
NEW YORK. June 19.— The Rancho del
Paso yearling sale was concluded to-day
in the Fasigr-Tipton Company's sale in
the paddock at Sheepshead Bay. A bigr
price was paid for a yearling colt by St.
Gatian-Turmoil. I Sidney Paget was the
purchaser,: he, paying $13,000 ; for the
youngster. The 201 sold since the sale be
gan brought the total of $233,925, an aver
age of $1163 a head. The sales of to-day,
$1000 and over, follow: * .* / • , ¦ . ¦
Ch. c. by imp. Goldflnich-Imp." Silence. Fred
Burleu, $6000. . . . -
B. c. by Fltzjames-Sprlngllke, A. L. Aste,"
S1E50. , • . • .
Ch. c. by imp. Star Ruby-Teatro, A. H.
Morris, J20G0. .¦,.,'. . - ; ¦ >
B. c. by St. Gatlan-Turmoll. Sidney Paget,
$13,000. .¦" ..-" ,-. ". -.. , ¦ !
Ch. c. by Imp.' Watercress-Typhoon, A. L.
Aste, $17C0.
Ch. c. by imp. Star Ruby-Tyranny, ' A. H.
Morris, J25C0. . . ¦ . ¦ .
Ch. c. by Imp. Golden Garter-Ventura. R.
A. Smith, $2000. , ¦
B. c. by imp. St. Gatlan-Vice Versa, C. Oss,
$2500. . ' "'-¦ .: -. ¦ . .
B. f. by Imp. Darebin-Wi-Ne-Ma, R.-A.
Smith, $2500. .- . "
B. f. by St.' Andrew- Woodford filly. M.
Dwyer, $2p00. • .] ¦ . •'. . . .. - '
B. f. by Imp. Watercress-Zealandla, V. P.
Wimmer, $65C0. ¦ ' ¦ . . • •
Total for forty-four head. $49,525;. average
per head, $1470.
fora Colt by Sir Gatian-
Turmoil.
Sydney Paget Pays $13,000
Eancho Del Paso Young
sters Bring Total of
YEARLINGS SELL
AT HIGH PRICES
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THURSDAY, .JUNE 20.
Sun rises... ; 4:47
Suri sets .7 :35
Moon sets 10:24 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer. • From. Due.
Empire......... Coos Bay June 20
North.Fork Humboldt June 20
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 20
Noyo... .......... Humboldt -....' June 20
Coos Bay.. Newport June 20
Santa Rosa San Diego June 20
Acme Siuslaw River June 20
Argyll....:..... N. Y. via -Panama June 20
Washtenaw — Seattle June 21
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay June 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports : June 21
China... I China and Japan June 22
Czarina . Seattle and Tacoma June 22
Kulton San Pedro. June 22
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts June 22
Milton.......... Nanaimo June 23
Eureka.. — .".. Humboldt June 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 23
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
Corona.......... San Diego June 23
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.... June 24
Mackinaw Seattle June 24
Pomona........ Humboldt June 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor June 25
Arcata .- Coos Bay June 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports June 26
Zealandla...... Honolulu June 26
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock".... June 26
Hermonthis.... Hamburg & Way Pts. June 23
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N Mer
• chants' Exchange,^ San, Francisco.' Cal
June 19. 1901." .: • • •- ~ . • . . _ ., - .'
The time ball on the .tower of the new Ferry
building. was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.i ! at.noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock ; p. m.,- Greenwich' time. . ¦
--:• J. C. BURNETT,
¦Lieutenant, U.S. N... retired, in charge
¦ ; - : :- - ¦¦-; .¦ " <¦ * -.
Postage ' to Be Reduced to One Cent.
i The : President who succeeds In . getting this
measure ; through ¦ Congress will hold a ,» high
place in the esteem of the people, but no higher
perhaps, than the esteem ; in which everybody
holds , Hostetter's : Stomach Bitters. . This medi
cine gets "at ! the I starting I point : of disease by
acting.on; the, stomach,'- helping that organ in
its duty of digesting food. -; It cures dyspepsia.
Indigestion, 1 , constipation, stimulates the kid
neys, ' and , strengthens the nerves. Be sure to
try.: it. .,;¦.;' ... ¦¦¦•.
Matters of Interest to . Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ;V'
The Annie Johnson will load merchandise for
Hilo;the Mauna Ala and' S. G. Wilder, mer
chandise for Honolulu ; the S. Dd Carleton,' coal
at Tacoma for Honolulu; the W. H.> Talbot,
lumber atBlakeley for Shanghai, 52s 6d, option
of Welhaiwei, prior to ; arrival." ,.¦; ¦;.•:'
Additional Cargo for the Colombia.
In addition to , cargo previously 'reported the
steamer Colombia, which sailed Tuesday; for
Valparaiso and. way. ports, carried merchandise
valued, at $11,323, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico," $5532: ! Central America,
%H0; Panama,. J7lr Ecuador,-.' |715; Chile, $4165.
The additional cargo Included the following:
Nothing has been heard of ' the. John
McDonald since she was reported spoken
January 16 last in latitude 36 north, longi
tude 134 west, when she was flying a sig
nal '."Ship on fire." n She kept on her
course without stopping and was soon out
of sight. m .
New Freight Ferry Slips.
The Santa Fe Railroad' is going to build
its own freight slip and sheds at the foot
of Fourth street. Bids for the work were
to" : have been opened by the Harbor Com
missioners but there were none to open.
The railroad company then offered to
erect the structures at a cost of $60,000.
In consideration of their, doing this the
Commission agrees to give them the use
of the slip and sheds for. fifty-eight
months free. At the end of. that time
they are to revert to the State. This - is
the only manner in which the; work could
be done, as the Harbor Commission is
very short of ready money. ¦ •
. ' ¦ m ' -
Water Front Notes.
The American ship John McDonald,
275 'days out from Baltimore for San Fran
cisco, has-been ."posted at Lloyd's . as
missing." For a long time 90 per cent
has been,, offered to. reinsure vessel and
cargo, but the gamblers would not touch
her. A considerable sum I was placed i on
her when she was at 50 per cent and the
gamblers will now- have; to pay up that
amount and look pleasant. •
Konrad Kohler, a lad about 17 years old.
nearly lost his life at -Steuart- street
wharf yesterday. He was letting go the
lines of, a launch and held, 'on too long to
the | forward rope. ; As the launch went
ahead he,- was jerked into the water and
nearly drowned before help came. ¦¦< :'¦ ::
The Oceanic Steamship Company's . So
noma will sail at 10 a. m. to-day for
Honolulu, Pago Pago, Auckland? and Syd
ney. Her, engines are now in splendid
order and she will make good'time. ?\\ ?,-.
. The China : is scheduled to arrive'from
the Orient next Saturday, but the chances
are that she will get here Friday night-
1TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The John McDonald When : Spoken
T^ast "Was Hying Signal That
She Was on Fire.
[ LONDON. June 19.— The John McDon
ald of New York, Captain Watts, from
Baltimore September 18 for San Francis
co, has been posted at Lloyds as overdue.
VESSEL AND ENTHLE
... CREW PROBABLY LOST
THE freight. transport Aztec arrived
from Manila early yesterday
morning. She left the Philippines
in company with the Buford and
they arrived at Nagasaki to
gether. Both sailed for San Francisco on
May 26, but on' June 8 the Buford found
she could not make any headway with
the coal she had In her bunkers, so Cap
tain Merkens decided to put into Hono
lulu for a fresh supply.
The Aztec made the run in thirty-two
days and her machinery is in such per
fect condition that she could go out again
to-morrow if necessary. The chances are
that all her United States stores will be
taken out of her at once and she will be
turned over to her owners. In that event
the mail company -will probably put her
in the Oriental run.
The Aztec brought over 146 passengers
all told. Among them were seven cabin
passengers, eight discharged men, eleven
deported men. Company H of the Forty
seventh infantry and a number of civilian
employes of the Government. Among the
deported men were five stowaways.. They
managed to get to Manila on the Ohio
but were promptly sent back on the Az
tec. Among them was a 14-year-old lad
named Kdward O'Neill. The names of the
others are- J. Reynolds, F. Rugby, Joe
Sullivan and Bill Joe. They were put
ashore as soon as the transport docked
yesterday.' '' ~ ¦' i ' 'v. :' V^.r? :
The Pensylvania was released by the
Government yesterday. Her sister ships,
the Ohio and Indiana, are expected during
the next seven days and they also will
be' released. It is^said that the Empire
Steamship Company is going to put^all
three of them In the Nome trade.
All the volunteers will be home before
June 26. The Thomas, with part of the
Thirty-eighth and Forty-ninth regiments
and all of the Forty-seventh Infantry, is
expected next Saturday. The Ohio, with
the Forty-second Infantry, should get in
next Sunday. The Buford, according to
her captain's calculations, should get here
with the Forty-first infantry on the 24th
inst. The Indiana, with part of the Forty
second; Logan, with part of the Thirty
eighth, Forty-third and Forty-fourth, and
Grant, with the Forty-eighth and part of
the Forty-ninth infantry, are all sched
uled to arrive -on the 25th inst, while the
Kirkpatrick, with part of the Thirty
eighth, Forty-third and Forty-fourth, will
probably arrive the next day. All told
about 7500 men should reach the Presidio
to be paid off during the, next ten days.
' CHERBOURG — Arrived June 19 — Stmr
Deutschland, ; from ¦ New York, via' Plymouth;
for Hamburg-,', and ¦ proceeded. ¦¦•¦¦.' .' ¦ . ¦':¦¦'
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 19— Stmr Ser
vla, i from New York, for • Liverpool, and pro
cessed.' V - •:-'.•" -.¦ ¦¦¦••.- -* . ;
'<" Sailed June 19— Stmr V Ivernia, from Liver
pool, '• for Boston. \:. ¦¦ ' » ¦ . ¦.
r. NEW YORK— Arrived June ¦ 19— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool. , : , ; .
'. . Sailed : June 19 — Stmr Oceania, for Liverpool ;
stmr < St " Paul.fi- for;» Southampton; ¦ stmr . Sar
dinian, for. Glasgow; stmr Southwark, for. Ant
werp.:.. «•.-,.•>'.••¦ ¦ . -.. ' :¦•¦...'. :¦<¦-¦¦¦.¦,¦
¦ Arrived June ! 19— Stmr Hobenzollern. ' from.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LAUNCESTON— Arrived June 19— Schr Ho
nolpu, from Port Gamble. $* ¦ -¦• '"-,'
CAPE TOWN— Arrived June 19— Ship James
Nesmith, . from Port Gamble; , ship Mary- L
Cushing, from New Whatcom.
CADIZ— Sailed June 6— Ger ; stmr Serapis,
for San Francisco.
• LONDON— Sailed : June ; 1G— Ger ; stmr Men
phis, for' San Francisco. " ' ' '
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed June
18— Ger stmr Hermonthis, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— In port June 4— Br bark In
vercoe, for San Francisco, via Liverpool: „ .
ANTWERP— Sailed June 17— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, for Oregon. ¦ > •
HONGKONG— Arrived June 17— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, • ' '
Sailed June 18— Stmr Peru, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦'.'¦ ¦ • ¦¦ ... ¦ ,. - . -.
NAPLES— Arrived June 14-^-Br stmr Moyune,
from' Tacoma. •.. . ¦ •.. .. ;.-
SHANGHAI— Arrived June 17— Br bark Col
lingrove, from Port Ludlow. -
: DUNGENESS^-Passed June 17— Ger ship AI
frleda.jfrom Antwerp, for San Francisco. June
13 — Ger ship •¦ Slam, from Hamburg, ¦ for I San
Diego. . ..
¦ - GENOA— Sailed" June 13— Ital ship Narcissus,
for"San Francisco. • - ¦
NEWCASTLE, Au«— Sailed June 1— Br ship
Balasore, : for • San Francisco. , June 18 — Ship
John Ena, . for -. San Francisco, a ., . . "•,„¦._
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW. TORK— Arrived June 19— Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon. -*-¦; '
EASTERN PORT.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 19.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego. ;
Stmr Mat tea wan, Crosscuo, Tacoma.'
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Seattle.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Br ship Livarpool. Lewis, Queenstown.
Bark C D Bryant, Colby, Honolulu.
Schr . "Webf oot. Mercer, Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Crangle, Stewarts Point.
Schr Helene. Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr Wm Olsen, Rorvik. Puget Sound. ¦< .'
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 19, 10 • p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 16 miles. . ,
SPOKEN. . \
April 24, lat 8 S. Ion 27 W— Br ship Harlech
Castle, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 4, lat 30 N, Ion 18 W— Br ship Rivers
dale, from London, for San Diego.
June 1. lat 13 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Afon
Alaw, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 11. lat 37 N, Ion 43 W— Br ship Dun
staffnage, from Tacoma. for Hull. ¦'
June 2, lat 41 55 N. Ion 51 W— Ship John A
Briggs, from Nagasaki, for Port Townsend.
. i MISCELANEOUS. .
LONDON, June 19— Shlo John McDonald,
from Baltimore, for San Francisco, has been
posted at Lloyd's as missing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Sailed June 19-Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco. ' .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 19— Stmr
Newburg-, hence June 16. •»
ASTORIA— Arrived , June 19— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; stmr Geo W Elder, hence
June 17. • . . •
Sailed June 19— Schr North' Bend, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived June 19— Schr
Jennie -Wand, hence' June 5; schr Excelsior,
from San Pedro. ' ¦
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 19— Stmr Rival,
hence June 15. . > - .
EUREKA— Arrived June 19— Schr J G Wall,
hence June 6. ¦ •..-..
Sailed June 19— Schr Emma Claudlna, for
San Francisco. - - /
NEAH . BAY— Passed out June 19— Stmr
Brunswick, for Nome.
- Passed- out June 19 — Stmr Washtenaw, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco. ' '
Passed In June 19 — Br bark Highlands, from
Honolulu, for Puget Sound.
NOYO— Arrived June 19— Nor stmr Horda,
hence June 18. . * ¦ . • *
SEATTLE— Sailed June 19— Stmr Hyades, for
Fort Davis; schr Arilla, for Nome; stmr
Brunswick, for Nome; stmr City of Seattle, for
Skaguay. - . ¦¦>
" Arrived June . 19— Stmr Nome City, from
Nome. . •;'...'¦ ¦¦¦¦ • • . ¦¦
TACOMA— Sailed June , 19-rSihp Dashing
Wave, for Cape Nome. "\ .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 19— Schr Ad
miral, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 19— Br '• stmr Sutherland, from
Yokohama. .. ' . ' ..-,•: ¦¦
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June' 19.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Thos Pollard.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Seattle; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu; Will
iams, DImond & Co. ......
¦ Schr Helene, Chrlstensen, Honolulu; "J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. •....'¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
.. Wednesday, June 19.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, 32 days from Manila.
Stmr-Lakme, Odland, - 4 . days 10 hours from
Tacoma,* via • Seattle.
Stmr. Mandalay, Reed, \ 4 days from Coqullle
River, -via Crescent City 33 hours.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, Thoraen, 5 days from ' Coos
Bay. N , :
Schr \ Bessie I K. Peterson, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing. ' . :
Schr Wing and Wing, Anderson, 4V£ days
from Sluslaw. •¦ _ _--> .. ,. ..
For Mexico— 7 cs rubber goods. 251 cs hard
ware, 10 cs mineral water, 163 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1C0 bales hay, 40 bdls shocks,
13 cs electrical supplies, 20 cs canned goods,
6 -coils cordage. 16,445 lbs caustic soda. 20 cs
paint, 5 cs ammunition, 2727 lbs bread, 12 pkgs
vegetables, 468 ft lumber, 48 cs 276 gals wine.
. For Central America— 4800 ft lumber, 22 cs
paint, 6 kegs nails, 7 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 5 bbls ginger ale, 5 cs mineral
water. ?, ,' ;
, For Panama— 13 pkgs groceries and provisions.
For Ecuador— 3 drums, 10 carboys acid, 12
bbls flour, 250 gals wine, 10 crs potatoes, S636
lbs tallow. ' s .
For Chile^-798 cs canned goods, 100 cs sal
mon.
Six dairymen appeared in the police
courts yesterday on a charge of having
adulterated milk in their possession. They
were P. Parent! and Peter Brosie, South
San Francisco Dairy; Marlon Augusto
New Boss Dairy; Edward Killeen, Golden
Eagle Dairy; Peter Rammazina. Metro
politan Dairy, and Joseph Reischmuth
Del Monte Dairy. J. Kelly of the Del
Monte Ranch Dairy says his place has no
connection with the Del Monte Dairy.
Their cases were set for June 25.
Milk-Dealers Are Arrested.
Catherine G. Heckman has been grant
ed a divorce from Richard J. Heckman
on the ground of failure to provide. Jud-
Bon J. Traver was granted a divorce from
Laura Traver by Judge Troutt on the
ground of cruelty. Mrs. Traver assaulted
the plaintiff, who was her third husband,
with a horsewhip. As she was in the
habit of -repeating- the .offense. Judge
•Troutt found that .Traver was entitled to
the relief sought. Lucy Parker has se
cured a dix'orce from Louis E. W. Parker
for willful neglecL
Suits for divorce were filed yesterdav by
Christian H. E. Sievers against Dina.
Slevers for cruelty, Johnny Sidney Tate
against Daisy Maude Tate for desertion
and Cora L. Wilson against R. C: "Wilson
upon statutory grounds.
In the Divorce Court.
BUSY . TIMES IN . ALIi
THE TRAINING QUAETEBS
Moffatt, Gardner, , Neill and . Others
Preparing for Coming
. . ( Contests. . '.
The four gladiators who are to battle in
the arena at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
on the afternoon of July 4 under the
auspices of the San Francisco Athletic
Club are now fit to fight for a kingdom.
For the last two weeks the training quar
ters of Jack Moffatt at the Seal , Rock
House, the quarters of George Gardner
and _ Charles Thurston at the Ingleside
House and those of Al Neill at the Ter
minal have been the scene of much ac
tivity and hard work.
• Jack Moffatt, the clever Chicago middle
weight, Is working faithfully for his com
ing bout with Gardner. His work is cut
out for him each day, and the manner In
which he goes about his task shows that
he enjoys it. He rises each morning at
6:30 and takes a stroll down the beach to
fill his lungs with ozone." On his return to
the Seal Rock House he sits down to
breakfast and eats as an athlete will
when In training. He afterward ' lolls
around for a few hours and then dons his
heavy sweater and shoes and tramps and
runs over the hills. He covers eight miles
each day, and on returning to his quarters
is given a brisk rub. He then has his
lunch, and at 2 o'clock enters the gym
nasium for the hard work of the day. He
punches the bag for five, five-minute
rounds and then boxes with Dukelow, his
sparring partner. He next skips the rope
a few thousand times and is then rubbed
again. This -finishes the work of the day
and he retires to rest at 9 p.m.
Moffatt is showing the effects of this
work and is in splendid shape. Gardner
is working- with "Dutch" Thurston and
Willie Snallham at the Ingleside House.
He boxes with Dave Barry, Thurston and
others and says he is in great shape.
Thurston is a glutton^ for work. He never
eeems to tire, and J the way he punches
Alec Greggalns 'would lead any one to
¦believe • that the receiver could not enjoy
himself. ' Greggains protects himself with
an inflated cushion. .
Al Nelll its working at the Terminal. He
•admits being in great shape and says he
will win. He boxes with Toby Irwln.
Tim Hegarty, the Australian, Is work
ing at the same place. He is to box Tim
Callahan on the evening of the 28th be
fore the Twentieth Century Club. Jack
Root and "Kid" Carter will go twenty
rounds the same nigrht.
DUDES AND THE DUTCH
WXLIi PLAY BALL TO-DAY
California League Teams Bunched in
the Race for the Pen
nant. - •
Clubs— • Won. Lost. Pet.
San Francisco . 27 23 .540
Kacramento ..25 ' 23 .520
Los Angeles ....23 23 ...500
Oakland 22 28-
"After stopping- the champions in. their
startling gallop to the front the Oaklands
will endeavor this week to give the Frls
cos a setback. Hank's aggregation has
been having a hard time holding the lead
of late, and If It were not for the success
of the Oaklands In. holding the ! Sacra
mentos in check last week the Friscos
would now be in second place. ¦ ." •
This is the line-up for the opening game
to-day:
San Francisco. Positions. ; ¦ Oakland.
Graham Catcher :.... Lohman
Whalen Pitcher Hodson
Pabst First base... Eagan
Schwartz : .Second base......Arrellanes
Reilly Third base Moore
Krug Short stop ....Francks
Hildebrand Left field Dunleavy
Croll .....Center field .Drennan
Nordykc .». ...... Right field Strelb
¦ » ¦ ¦ '¦ — . ¦' ..
EOYAL HUNT CLUB CUP BACE.
Stealaway Home First by a Head at
Ascot Heath. ?\\
LONDON. June 19.— Marconi j (Maher)
won the Visitors' handicap at the second
day's racing on the Ascot Heath to-day.
L. B. Leigh's Stealaway won the-Royal
Hunt Club cup, value £500, with £1500 in
specie added to a handicap sweeptakes
of £20 each. William C. Whitney's Spect
rum (L. Relff) was second and T. R. De
war's Forfarfchlre (Maher) * was third.
Twenty-two horses ran. Stealaway made
mest of the running- and won by a head.
A length and a half separated second and
third horses. The betting was 4 to 1
against Stealaway. 100 to 9 against Spect
rum and 20 to 1 against Forfarshire.
\V. C. Whitney's Elizabeth M (L. Reiff)
won the Fernhill • stakes. . Frank Gard
ner's Omaha II • (C. Jenkins). was second
and Lord Melton finished third.
In "Williamsport, Pa., a waitress . in a
hotel upset a glass of milk on the clothes
of a guest. She apologized so nicely that
the guest sought her acquaintance, and
shortly afterward they were ' married.
An open stake of 120 entries will be run
at Union Park next Saturday and Sun
day. The drawing, was held last - night
at Pythian ' Castle and resulted as . fol
lows: , sjH
Open stake, 120 entries— P. M. Curtis'*-* War
Eagle vs. J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells; E. M.
Kellogg' s Sweet Emma vs. Russell & Aliens
Scotland Yet; Russell & Allen's Talk to Me vs.
L. F. Bartel's Banner Bright: L. M. Connell's
White Hat vs. J. Smith's Master Workman;
George Sbarman's Bowery Boy vs. P. M. Cur
tis 1 Echo; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
E..M. Kellogg's Crawford Belle; A. R. Curtis'
Luxor vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Article; Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. H. Lynch's Lottie
M. ; A. Vanderwhite's Lear Kink vs. T. Maher 1 s
Bad Boy; C. O. Peterson's; Silver Cloud vs.
E.. M. Kellogg's Buck; - E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha vs. Pasha' Kennels' Random Aim; A.
Vanderwhite's Copper King vs. E. Geary's Ire
land; T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. Star Ken
nels' Mayflower; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince
vs. Yosemlte Kennels' Mose; Russell and Al
len's Castaway vs. Star Kennels' Fontenoy;
W. J. Leonard' 3 Tom Hurlick vs. George Shar
man's Chicago Boy; P. Doyle's Thelma vs.
Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells; A. R. Cur
tis' Flying Fox vs. L. F. Barters Best Bar
gain; F. S. Price's Brutus vs. D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl; P. M. Curtis' Mrs.> Fiske vs.
Pasha Kennels' Red Ace; P. Jackson's Honor
Bright vs. Pasha Kennels' For . Freedom ; D.
Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. Russell & Allen's
Rosie Clalr; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. P.
M. Curtis' Shadow; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire
vs. L. M. Connell's St. Helen; J. Dowllng's
Sir Lawrence vs. D. J. Healey's Sisquoc; Pasha
Kennels' Rustic Arbor vs. W. C. Gleason's
Sleigh Bells; Star Kennels' Game Boy vs. F.
S. Price's Forget: E. M. Kellogg's Frisco Lad
vs. Star Kennels' Black Head; Star Kennels'
Herschel's Pride vs. Pasha Kennels' Master
RocUet; George Sharman's Black Flush vs. P.
M. Curtis' Vagrant; P. M. Curtis' W.apsee vs.
P. M. Curtis' Warpath; S. J. - Mclnerney's
Norah ve. A. R. Curtis' King Cotton; Chiarini
Bros.' Dewdrop vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta;
F. A. McComb's Warship vs. A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad: O. Zahl's Homer Boy vs. D. J.
Healey's Lady Clare; F. A. McComb's Little
Sister vs. P. Heinhoff s - Veto ; Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory vs. F. Jcnes' Wedgewood; D. J.
Healey's Tapioca vs. Aeneid Kennels' Agamem
non; S. A. Smith's Sylvanus vs. E. N. White
side's Greenback; P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy vs.
P. M. Curtis' Cash; Russell & Allen's Daisy
Clair vs. Russell & Allen's Spiteful; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush; R, B. Kay's Hawker vs. F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha; J. Maher's Emma M. vs.
A. EL Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld; Russell & Al
len's Stray Away vs. J. Markland's The Graft
er; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. Pasha Kennels'
Royal Archer;' T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex
vs. Pasha Kennels', Rocker; P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union vs. E. Gearys Palo Alto; T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill vs. S. A. Smith's Injury; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto vs. F. B. Gerber"s Rienzi; P. M.
Curtis' Anchor vs. A. R. Curtis' Candelaria,
P. J. Nolte's Silver Lyon vs. S. A. Smith's
Petronlus; F. A. McComb's Hot Haste vs. J.
R. McCarthy's John Doe; J. Caesar's Kanaka
vs. Pasha Kennels' Lawrence; A. R. Curtis'
Vulcan vs. J. E. Monahan's T. Q.; C. O. Peter
son's Good Hope vs. W. C. Glasson's lone;
Russell & Allen's First Foot vs. P. M. Curtis'
McKinley; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara vs. A. R.
Curtis' Pilot: P. M. Curtis' Narcissus vs. W.
Cairnes* Gold Ore; P. Jackson's Golden Russet
vs. W. Cairnes' Imocrial.
Five and a half furlongs— Mr. Robson won.
Pantheon second. Carruthers third. Time, 1:09.
Five and a half furlongs— Corrls won Henry
Skaggs second, Villaderby third. Time. 1:0914.
Pacing— Joe Ives won second and fourth heats
and race. Best time. 2:22%. Allie won first
heat in 2:27^4 and was second. George M won
third heat in 2:22'^ and was third. Gayfleld
and American Hal also started.
Four and a half furlongs — Big Dutch won,
Sandow second, Joe D third. Time, :55^4.
Seven furlongs— Tempse won. Prince Russell
second, Oldham third. Time, l:34'i-
One mile — Mission won. Alarla second. Sir
Kenneth third. Time. l:43Vi.
Trotting— Martha B won two heats and race
Best time. 2:16%. Gebhardt. Otis Wilkes, Gold
Standard, Dr. Calder and Nellie Campbell also
started.
DENVER, June 19.— Results at Overland
Selling, six furlongs— Lady Brekeley won.
Our Lizzie second. Zanone third. Time, 1:14.
Selling, one mile — A Winner won. The
Brother second. Filibuster third. Time, 1:43.
Selling, six furlongs— Lady Berkeley won.
Prosit second. Fulminater third. Time, 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— Gansa won. Silk
Cord second. Miss Blarney third. Time, :S5%,i
One mile — Callear won, Algle M second.
Bean third. Time, 1:41%.
Selling, seven furlongs — Lady Hayman won,
Silver Locks second, Madame Gerst third.
Time. l:2S%.
Six furlongs, selling— Golden Harvest won.
Judge Magee second. Silent Friend third.
Time, 1:15.
DETROIT, June 19.— Highland Park results:
One mile and three-sixteenths, over five
hurdle* — Eva Moe won, Zufalig second, Bristol
third. Time, 2:13.
Seven furlongs. selling— Jano wood won,
Sweet- Dream second. Auchendrayne third.
Time. 1:28*.
Seven furlongs, selling— Meggs won. Eleven
Bells second. Pyramo third. Time, 1:29%.
ST. LOUIS, June 19.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: ¦ •.
Four and a half furlongs — La Crimae won.
Aegin second, Buela third. Time, :66%.
!" Five and a half furlongs, selling— Monte
Himyar won, Zoraide second, Ben Hempstead
third. Time, 1:09^4- • ' • •
Six furlongs— Brulare won. Hottentot second.
Vicl Vance third. Time. Itl4?i.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Guide
Rock won. Chopin second, Belle Simpson third.
Time. 1:4T.>4.
Selling, six furlongs-Jim Clark won, Nels
Morris eecond. Belle Nutter third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— John McElroy won,
Teueer second, Prince Esher third. Time,
1:14 1 4.
Four and a half furlongs— Cousine won. The
Widow second. Georglana third. Time,' :56.
One mile, selling — Napoleon .Bonaparte won.
Governor. Boyd eecond, Banquo II third
Time/ 1:42%.
East of the.Divide.
-' "STEW TORK, June 19.— Results at Sheeps
h;ad Bay:
Six furlongs-'KIngs Pepper won. Unmasked
second, Vltellus third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
One mile — Fatalist won, Tom Kenny second,
Round Up third. Time, 1:411-6.
¦ The Paddock selling, five and a ' half f ur
-longs—Five Nations won. Lady Holyrood sec
ond, Rightaway third. Time, 1 :07 1-5.
' The Bridge handicap, one ¦ mile and a fur
long—Kamara iron. First Whip second, Roches
ter third. Time, 1:53. • :
The "Hempstead steeplechase, about two and
a half. , miles— Sackett won. Lost Chord sec
ond. Mystic Shriner third. Time, 5:23 S-5.
Five furlongs — Rossi gmol won. Peninsular
second. Otis third. Time, 1:00 1-6.
CINCINNATI, June IS.— Newport summary:
Winning Gallopers on the Racetracks
FZBST TO 'I'M k WIRE.
The Indications are that there will be at
l&LSt a. dozen starters in the Derby, of
; which the following, with their weights
and Jockeys, respectively, are counted as
"sure":
.Terminus (Ooburn) 122
-.His Eminence (Odom) "*127
'. Bonnlbert (Bullman) * "v>7
The Parader (Landry) 127
Sadie S (Stack) "117
Beau Gallant (J. Daly) ."".V."l22
Outlander CSpencer) ...122
6ilverdol« <J. Woods) 127
Lady Schorr (J. Miller) ."*117
Robert "tt'addell (Domlnick) 119
Watercolor CF. Ldttlefield) 122
Hernando CWlnkfleld) 117
£annazarn> <J. Boland) '...."l22
Among the probable starters are: One
rator, 322. J. Matthews: Alfonso, 122 — •
. Six Shooter. 122, T. Knight.
This was Secretary James Howard's
comment on the racing: situation. •• ;
"There will be. racing here as adver
tised," he added. "I have not paid any
attention to what is doing at other tracks.
- 1 am getting- along nicely now with my
arrangements for the Derby and have al
most everything In shape. The Derby is
more bother and trouble than all the rest
of the meeting. You may rest assured
It will take place."
- - :- — — ¦-
CHICAGO. June 15.— "If you look at the
papers you will see that the Washington
Park Club has Its advertisement of Derby
¦day and racing here. That oughf to be
sufficient. Thosa advertisements speak
for themselves.".. ' \ .
Washington Park Club
Will Continue
, Racing.
Secretary Says He Is Not Pay
ing Attention to Other
Tracks. - *«
GETTING READY
FOR THE DERBY
in Picking | the Winners
Throughout.
Talent WilfHayerHard Work
Good Lot of Greyhounds
Drawn for Weekly : - ;
* : Event;
FAST COURSES
FOR OPEN STAKE
THE f'SAN; jFRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ JtlNE 20, 190K
Aztec Reaches Port and All the Rest Are Due to Arrive Within a
Week,; Bringing About 7500 Soldiers Whose Time Has Ex
¦; ; ; pired, From; the; Philippines for Discharge From the Service 1
TRANSPORTS NEAR1NG HOME WITH '
LAST OF THE VOLUNTEERS ABO ARD
ARMY TRANSPORTS AZTEC AND BUFORD. I. THE FORMER ARRIVED YESTERDAY, WHILE THE BUFORD
HAD TO GO TO HONOLULU FOR COAL. THEY LEFT MANILA TOGETHER, SAILED FROM NAGASAKI IN
COMPANY AND ONLY PARTED WHEN THE BUFORD HEADED FOR THE ISLANDS. i\'"
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 18—
Stmr Empress of India, from Vancouver, via
Yokohama.
LONDON— Arrived June 10— Stmr Meno
minee, from New York.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived June 19— Stmr ' Syl
vania, from New York.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 18— Br Btmr Milton,
for San Francisco.
4
Time • Time ' Time Time
Date — — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H.W •. L W '¦ H W L W
20... 1:34 5.6 8:12— 0.3 5:25 5.3 8:38 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 2.6
22... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7*4:50 5.5 11:00 2.:
23... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5 ...........
L W • H W ' -L AVI H W ,
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 5.«
26 .. 1:51 1.0 .8:22 3.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 5.7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka.......
Sonoma
Umatllla.....
San Pedro....
Mandalay....
Arcata.. ......
Pomona
Fulton
Empire
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay.....;
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barb'r
Acme.....:...
Noyo.... ......
' June 20. '
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier -9
Jnne 21. . - • - '
Humboldt ..: .. 10 am Pier 3
Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 1:30 c Pier 9
June 22.
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay............ 4 pm Pier 13
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt^ — 5 pm Pier J
Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 13
Humboldt..... 5 pm Pier 2
June 23.
Humboldt ......;... 9 am Pier 8
San Diego . .... 9 am Pier 11
¦ Jnne 25. .-. . -
Seattle and'Tacoma 12 m Pier i 8
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Wlllapa Harbor.... 5 pm 6th St.
San Pedro ........ 9 am Pier 11
Jnne'26. < • . ¦
Tahiti via Marq'sas 10 am Pier 7
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Kork..
Santa Rosa..
Czarina...."...
CiiyPuebla..
Klval......;..
Bonlta
Australia
Corona.......'.
Steamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Nome City.....
Victorian.. .:'...
Farallon.......
Queen.. ~r. .'...".
Excelsior.:
City of Seattle.
Dirigo... ...
Alki.. ........ ..
Senator...'....:.
Cottage City;..
Nome, Teller & TopkukfJurie 20
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skagruay & Way Ports. June 22
Skas-uay & Way Ports. June 24
Valdez & Way Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 28
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome i direct i June 29
Skaguay I &' Way Ports. June 29
Time • Time ' Time Time
Date — — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H.W •. L W '¦ H W L W
20... 1:34 5.6 8:12— 0.3 5:25 5.3 8:38 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 2.6
22... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7*4:50 5.5 11:00 2.:
23... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5 ...........
L W • H W ' -L AVI H W ,
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 5.«
26 .. 1:51 1.0 .8:22 3.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 5.7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka.......
Sonoma
Umatllla.....
San Pedro....
Mandalay....
Arcata.. ......
Pomona
Fulton
Empire
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay.....;
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barb'r
Acme.....:...
Noyo.... ......
' June 20. '
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier -9
Jnne 21. . - • - '
Humboldt ..: .. 10 am Pier 3
Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 1:30 c Pier 9
June 22.
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay............ 4 pm Pier 13
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt^ — 5 pm Pier J
Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 13
Humboldt..... 5 pm Pier 2
June 23.
Humboldt ......;... 9 am Pier 8
San Diego . .... 9 am Pier 11
¦ Jnne 25. .-. . -
Seattle and'Tacoma 12 m Pier i 8
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Wlllapa Harbor.... 5 pm 6th St.
San Pedro ........ 9 am Pier 11
Jnne'26. < • . ¦
Tahiti via Marq'sas 10 am Pier 7
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Kork..
Santa Rosa..
Czarina...."...
CiiyPuebla..
Klval......;..
Bonlta
Australia
Corona.......'.
Steamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Nome City.....
Victorian.. .:'...
Farallon.......
Queen.. ~r. .'...".
Excelsior.:
City of Seattle.
Dirigo... ...
Alki.. ........ ..
Senator...'....:.
Cottage City;..
Nome, Teller & TopkukfJurie 20
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skagruay & Way Ports. June 22
Skas-uay & Way Ports. June 24
Valdez & Way Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 28
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome i direct i June 29
Skaguay I &' Way Ports. June 29
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. In the State of New York,
on the Slst day of December. A. D. 1900.
and for the year ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California pursuant to the I provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $200.000 00
. ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $434,306 15
Cash In Company's Offlce :., 10 07
Cash In Banks SO.oSO .3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.27S 53
Premiums in due Course of 'Collec-
tion BS. 2^* 00
Due from other Companies for Re-
' Insurance on losses already paid... 1,557 00
Total Assets $520.9S8 54
LIABILITIES.- ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,086 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • 13,012 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
• ning one year or less, $218.869 40;
• reinsurance 60 per cent 109,434 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ,
5 ning more than one year, $61,524 07;
reinsurance pro rata.... 34.277 11
All other Liabilities 27,049 93
Total Liabilities $191,109 74
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ¦ • - $225,288 40
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, .Loans, and
from 811 other sources 13,904 82
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 3,960 66
Total Income ......: $243.153 88
EXPENDITURES. =r—~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including. $ — , losses of previ-
ous years) - $183,812 79
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
'. (Including $ -. losses of previ-
ous years) - 432 93
Dividends to Stockholders 24, 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 71,686 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,083 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 6.319 23
All other, payments and expenditures 2,845 92
¦ *>\ . ¦ - > : — — —^ —•
Total Expenditures ;.. $232.202 23
Losses Incurre'd' during the year..... $156,760 72
r Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during , the
• year , $37,84S,294 $394,532 69
Net amount j of Risks .
expired during ' the •'
year 34,623,933 326,324 S6
Net amount in force - v
December 31, 1900...:. 25.624.823 2S0.303 47
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
Subscribed -and sworn to before me, this
21th day of January, -1901.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, in the State of New YorW
on the 31st day of December, A. IV 1900.
and for the year ending on that day, as mad«
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stat*
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com*
missloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, . paid up
In Cash |20Q,0OO CO
ASSETS. J
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company $433 650 09
Cash in Company's Offlce ?*-».»» uw
Cash In Banks 63,15111
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2 438 81
Premiums in due Course • of Collec-
_5 l0n - 58,511 6S
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 1,552 CO
Total Assets $549,310 50
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid J2.21S 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense I5,«i4 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 1,635 00
Gross premiums on Klre Risks run-
ning one year or less, $238,617 71;
reinsurance 50 per cent 114, JOS 81
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $31,995 3S;
reinsurance pro rata 30.123 .•?«
All other Liabilities 29.637 43
Total Liabilities $193,618 63
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $238,879 59
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and '
from all other sources 13,232 18
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 25,750 00
Total Income -•..$277,92177
EXPENDITURES. ' ¦
Net amount paid for Fire . Losses .-
(including $ , losses qf prevl-. "'
ous years) ..;."... .... $159,903 27
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ..>¦•
(including' $— — j losses of previ-
ous years) 264 34
Dividends to Stockholders 2 1. COO CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 72,935 65
Paid for Salaries, . Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 2,763 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 7.8S) OS
All. other payments and expenditures 2,334 S3
Total Expenditures $291,02 71
Losses incurred during the year $157.835 61
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net. amount of Risks
1 written during the
year $08,633,272 $404,98? «1
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 34.235,213 317.669 S5
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900- ••• 25.466.363 .280.613 09
. JOEL FRANCIS FREEMAN, President.
EMIL E. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26Ui
day of January. 1901.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notarv Puhlio.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
- done by not washing-. So,
, bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not: well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
PPears^
.Tl sorts of stores sell it, especially druseists:
sorts of people use it. *•— -,
- ,F?ACIFIC DEPARTmENT.
C. A. HENRY & CO , General Agents,;
. 215 Sansome Street, San Francisco, Cal.MISS BESSIE FABBRI, THE NEW
LY ELECTED GRAND SECRE
TARY OF THE DRUIDESSES.
AT the second session of the Grand
Grove of California, United An
cient Order of Druids, yester
day the recommendation of the
noble grand arch that $40 a
Quarter be allowed to the widow of F.
Eieg. the first noble grand arch of the
order, was adopted. Mrs. Sieg, who Is
now BS years of age. is a guest at the Old
Ladies' Home, which she entered a num
ber of years a^o, at which time the Grand
Grove adopted her as its ward, providing
her with many things for her comfort.
Recently she became totally blind, and
being helpless the grand body decided to
erant her the sum named 16 pay for a
nurse.
It was decided to designate May 6 of
each vear as Druids day, to be observed
by the various groves either by a picnic
cr a bancuet.
The offer of Dr. C. CL O'Donnell to do
nate fifteen acres of land in Glen Ellen
for a Druids' Home was accepted, the
donor agreeing to pay for the survey and
abstract of title.
L. A. Wolff, publisher of the Druids'
Magazine, the official organ, was allowed
$500 for the year as a bonus for continu
ing the publication.
The committee on Galveston sufferers
reported having sent $240 for the relief of
Buffering Druids in that city.
The salary of Grand Secretary Graves
was Increased ?25 per month in conse
quence of increased duties.
The grand body authorized the organi
zation of juvenile groves and fixed the
age of applicants for membership at 12 to
IS. IJpon attaining the maximum age the
young Druids are to be transferred to se
nior proves.
The appeal case of Cordoza against Hes
perSan Grove was reopened to admit of
the Introduction of additional testimony.
The Druidesscs.
The only business transacted In the
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— The J.B. Sickles
Saddlery Company's plant at Twenty-first
street and Washington avenue was de
stroyed by fire, which brok3 out at 2:15
o'clock this morning. The lire was pre
ceded by an explosion, in which the com
pany s private i watchman Is supposed to
have lost his life. The explosion was a
terrific one. shaking the buildings for
blocks around. The concern is one of the
largest of the land in the West
Saddlery Plant Rurned.
DENVER, June 19.— The Times to-day
says: A gigantic scheme Is under way to
transfer the railroads of the United States
to the Government. A financier who has
just returned from the East, where he in
vestigated the rumors afloat in financial
circles, asserts that the reports of im
pending Government ownership are gen
eral. He declared that within a few years
the Rockefeller, Harrlman, Vanderbilt,
Gould and Morgan interests would turn
over to the Government, every line in the
United States, to the total value of about
ten billion dollars andW string of banks
controlled by the same Interests to finance
the deal.' ¦
to Transfer the . Properties Is
Now Under Way.
An Eastern Financier Says a Scheme
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP
OF AMERICAN RAILROADS
£L DORADO, Kans.. June 19.— After
only, two days of testimony the State, in
the case of Jessie Morrison, on trial for
the murder of Mrs. Olin Castle, rested
this afternoon. The defense will, it is
said, spring a surprise in the introduction
of new evidence not adduced at the first
trial. When Miss Morrison took the stand
in December last to tell in her own de
fense of the- fatal quarrel with her rival,
she testified that Mrs. Castle had called
her to the house and started the trouble.
At that time an affidavit of A. J. Morgan,
a peddler, who swore that he heard Mrs.
Castle rap on the' door as Miss Morrison
was passing her house and call her in.
¦was presented. Morgan could not be
found, but it is now stated the defen8e
has located him and will put him on the
stand. Other new witnesses may be In
troduced by the defense to sustain the
plea of self-defense.
Rival, "Will Introduce New and
Material Witness.
Jessie Morrison, Accused of Killing a
A SURPRISE PROMISED
IN" A MURDER TRIAX
Reception— G. Fonlarie. Mrs. C. Maglni. Mrs.
A. Jacobsen, J. F. Martinonl, J. M. Wolff. A.
Meuller. Mrs. Drews. Mrs. Housle, M. H. Her
man. Mrs. K. Martinonl. Charles Valente, C.
Binghofer, Mrs. Muir. Mrs. Mason, G. E.
Burnham and G. Danlelson.
Arrangements— J. T. Kidd. Dr. G.»W. Sichel,
Louis A. Wolff, A. Ewald. A. Costa, L. G.
Schord, A. L. Anderson L. PaJmer, J. M.
Bowers. Mrs. Heiden. J. Pellegrini and S. C.
Glover.
Floor— P. Guilloma. J. Rossi, E. Gre*«n. M.
D. Vorath. James Vltle. B. Drensdom, D.
Bamman. J. C. Molinari and J. F. de Carlos.
The new officers will be installed to-day.
Last evening the San Francisco grroves
tendered a reception in Odd Fellows' Hall
to the grand officers of and the represen
tatives to the Grand Grove. There was a
large attendance 'of the members of the
order and members of the Order of Druid
esses and friends. After the reception
there was a ball, which was continued
until a late hour, when supper was served
in the banquet hall. Deputy Xoble Grand
Arch Jules S. Godeau was the floor man
ager and H. G. Armstrong was his chief
assistant. The committees were as fol
lows: . .
The circle received a communication
from Supreme Arch M. A. Beckman, re
mitting the per capita tax for this year
to allow the circle to get on a good finan
cial basis.
Mrs. A. Sorensen of Modesto, grand arch
DruideFs; Mrs. Frances J. Williams. San
Francisco, grand first bard; Mrs. Virginia
Cervalli. San Francisco. Errand second bard;
Miss Bessie Fabbri. San Francisco, grand sec
retary; Mrs. O. HeJden. San Francisco, grand
treasurer; Mrs.- T. Jahn, Petaluma, grand con
ductress; Jennie Marino. San Francisco, grand
inside guard; Mrs. L. Gosh of San Francisco.
Mrs. E. Snyder of Stockton and Mrs. N. Davis
of Modesto, grand trustees. " •
Grand Circle of the Druidesses yesterda
was the adoption of the constitution ani
the election "Of officers. The followlnj
named were chosen:
Authority for the Organization o||Juvenile
Groves— Order Cares for Its AgeS- Ward.
y The Grand Circle Elects New Officers
DRUIDS RAISE SALARY
OF GRAND SECRETARY
THE S AJST FR ANGISGO y; CALL; THURSDAY, JUNE '. 20, 1 90 1 ;
5
CAMP REVERIE,
• IN THE- —
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
NOW OPEN.
• "In All California
No Place Like This/' '
An Outing
On a New Plan,
Camp Reverie, oh the Guerneville Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, Is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas.' Accommodations
—tent and board— by the day or by the week.'
There will be addresses by distinguished people
In' the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
ings. • ,
RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday op
Monday,
• Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself— "In All California No
. Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81. Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association. P. O.
Forestvllle. Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. . . .
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3*4 Hours' i Ride From Los Angeles. CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. .
"The Sportsman's Paradise. ¦•
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLTJB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply ton • ' .
¦ >¦ ¦ V E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
. Or BANNING CO..
- -' 222'South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
ft m* m *•% j-% {% HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
S/Ca MrwS Co - : onl y ** nours from
UA/IVvU San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State:
good' trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; -first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon etages; round
trip from S. F. only $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal.
If you want to .<
know where to
go this Summer
Call or write for '
"VACATION 1901"
This Is a mtl» book Just lamed by the Cali-
fornia' Northwestern Railway Company, and Is
profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts la
Marln. Sonoma. Mendoclno and Lake counties.
Besides, It contains a list cf about ZOO farms
and - homes where board during the- summer
months can be procured at from $3 to 111) per
week. Ticket offices, 630 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life bull Sing. Sansome aad Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C WHITENO.
General Manager. •
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, .most restful place
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, HI, fit.
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. .
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R- Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Teleohone: expensive improvements: $13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEX, Asrua Ca-
llente, Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINCS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 25 miles br
stage west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodglnar. *
Including baths, $10 a week. tVM. OELCEART.
Proprietor. t
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homespun or Golfings: Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next-30 days $24.50
LESTER. Ladies' Tailor. 8 and 10 Kearny st.
JOHANNISBRRG.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. cr»The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery st. M ¦
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for p«»opl«% with asthma: «S
miles from S. F.; fare $1 «5: free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Offlce. S> Montgomery st.. or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
SOLID COMFORT HOME SSW&. S
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates. $7 week un. Stage mi»ets
train." SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CUttKY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month in Tosemite without exhausting all yoar
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $15 per month.
Office. C3O Market street.
YOSEMITE ! I
Will AW PAVfH Former proprietor Ttr.
TTlLLUn MAnWIl Crandell— A summer hom*
in the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIFF, Santa Cruz.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2% hours' ride from S. I*.: 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatlnc
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $S to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Val'.ejo. CaL.
S5O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 19 days'
trip to Tosemite. Curry's Offlce. 630 Market
street. S. K. ' ' . •;- '...*'
YOSEMITE!!
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. TV. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake: home cookin*:
$7 I per - week and upward. F. and ¦ A. M. .
SCALES. Lakeport.' Lake County, Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRIJJG3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
• port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: nrrive at LakeporJ at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New C-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietor*.
LAKE ¦ COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Tosemite
Stage, all - outside seats. . Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a, m., direct
to Harbin, Seigler. -Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. <Astorgs and Glenbrook; bay round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Caltstoira;
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelneyvill*
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERSj Proprietor."
CAPITOLA
T^HE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
¦¦ California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet.- R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER, supt. camp, Capitola, Cal.
DR. C. C O'DONNEUU'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 45
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. -P.- R. R. give special rates to campers;.
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathlnsr free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O'DONNET.L. office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop. ¦ . 1 ¦
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal. , .
OWN A HOME in ti b p f ul u - CAMP MEEKEB
Buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, J30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground;free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postoffice at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
%yrayffo$fpri$?
Three trains dally; 2'A hours" ride. A
¦ Bettens, Mgr. . Byron Hot Spgs..-.Cal.
¦'.•¦'¦ Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. City.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or- campsrs. Further Information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD, Prop.. Nile?. Cal.
THE GEYSERS/^—
ONE OF 'NATURE! S WONDERS. NATTJ-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. . I.
WERTHEIMER. manager. I
IT IS NEVER TOO LATK. TO ENJOY GOOD
. HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and b»ds unsurpassed. Rates only $S and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O.-W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Glenbrook, Lak« Co., Cal.
: VICHY SPniNCS.
¦ The only place in the United States whete
Vichy Water -la abundant. ¦> The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled.' Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMDYER & CO.,
. • ¦ ' ¦ ¦'¦¦-, . . '• Proprietors.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDOi
cino. ' Visit this' quiet little resort for
nolid comfort. ¦ For • particulars apply to S.
STRATTON,- 3 Eighth street,. City. ¦ .
HATCI fiCWCVA AND COTTAGES. SAU-
UUICL UENEV A SALITO. Only 30 minutes
from the city: ¦ most beautiful location* and
marine view: an unexcelled summer and win-
ter resort: table and servlne of the best.' W. G.
GRAHAM. -late of Hotel Mateo. Manager."
• * :-¦¦;•¦. MOUNTAIN HOME.
In' Santa Cruz Mountains. Health.' pleasure '
fishing, -hunting, and ; swimming; good : table;
guests cat home; never fail • t6 ' return ; send for
souvenir/ VICPONCELET. Llagas.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS . FOR A
. few guests; mountain. scenery; pure air. JS
per ¦ week. VH. B. LAAVLEY, . Callstoga. Cal.
! FOR THE GEYSERS.^
"¦' Via";C. - C , Foss'. Stage ¦ Line , rrom ' Calistoga.*
The scenic route. -. Livery. In connection. " C. C.
FOSS, Proprietor," Calistoga, Cal. ;;-:¦< r." a
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city offlce,
91S Larkln St.. S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake. Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire; $2 per day. or $10, $12- and $14 per
week. Postoffice, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK,
¦ Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. : $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.'. 34
Mission, and 'N.' P. R. ,. R. Co..' 14 Sansoma
St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point
Arena. Cal. - •,-.•¦ ¦
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
. . . . THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
nniT"r»Q Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
riUI ll O school will be open to summer
flflENLO *ruests during' Juno and July.
_-«..,' Superior 'climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
__^__ dress IRA G. HOITT.
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated in foothills, one and a halt
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. ' Address P. O. box 55. St.
"PINE KNOLL."
ORCHARD SPRINGS B5.H2
la the FW=-"v<lL of th« Sltrr* NrT»d» MmuUIm, un Catfix, on
C. P. R. tl. % ' I3fl mtlri from San FranrivA. No Maging Plata.
qni«t retreat; J««l innny, wat«r, moantain air, fruit and «1Umt»
(n California. I<U»t fornt. tromiiU «n.l «*rrimn<llBn. II a week.
Send f.r booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, Colfai, ClU
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 53 per day; $10 to $14 per wecu.
Call Traveler Offlce, 20 Montgomery st. or
address EDSON -BROS., Beswlck.. Slsklyou
County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
P. O. EL VERAXO, Cal.;- yerano Station
(King's. Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$l'per day and upward. • PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU. lessee. . ¦„..-... ,. ; ¦; . • •
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
>' BOULDER CREEK. HOTEL.
¦ Under new management. Entirely renovated
First-class family- resort. Fine, hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. F^r terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH. Prop.. Boulder
Creek. Cal. . ; : . ,
CAMP TAYLOR Cottages camplny. ashing;
VHilH laiLiVIl 29 n^ie* { rQn) g. p.; In the
redwoods. Call Traveler offlce. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
WEEKLY CALL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco,': Organized January,
I8S7. Drawing June 15, 1901. •
, ; . No. 4800 wins ' $7500.', sold In Stockton, Cal.";
No. • 32,007 wins £ $2000, sold in San ; Franclsco/
Oal. ; No. 79,321 -wins $1000, sold : In San Fran-
clsco.-Cal.; • No. 70,381 wins: $500,'' sold - In- San
Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 19,449 and 28,239 each wln3
$250, ' ' sold In San Francisco, Cal: ; • Nos " "0 971
23,181, 24.416, 56,257, 56,721 each. wins $100, sold
In Oakland and San Francisco, ¦ Cal. ¦ •
NUMBERS
[PATENT 'APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "F,": Drawn at
Puerto Cortez/ Honduras, C. A., Sat-
urday, June I5i 1901. ,
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
• OF THE -
Honduras - National- Lottery Co^
No. i Prize. No. : Prize. |No. Prize.
61616....:;.. - 24 61620.. \ •;.."..' • 16 616S9:. ...... : 40
61693 ¦ SO 61S26. 16 61870; . . . . . . . V* 16
62245:....'... 40 62444......... 24 62502...:.... 40
62537 .... . ; 16 62S70.. ...... 16 62900........ 24
63016......... 16 63052.. 16 63262 •.." 16
63373.....'... 24 63579........ 16 63654 16
63971........-: 24 64212.:...... 16 64220........ 80
64305........ 40 64749.:...... ' 16 64S14.. ...... . 16
G4S18........ 24 64S69..V 80 64S90... 24
64935... 16 64993........ SO 65104...;.... SO
65294 16 65349 .16 65532........ 80
65731. 24 65949 24 66003. 80.
66488..'...... 40 66707 40 66S60.. ...... J.' 16
66894... 24166916. 16|67027... 2t
67125 24|67167.. ...... 16|67389 .-..24
67404... I 16167407 .16 67490 1 24
67624 ..... .-. . 2416772*.. 24 67766. .......' 40
68093 24I6S118.. ...... 16 68576......... 16
68582..;..... 16I6S6S0. ..."..•.: . 16 6S6S4.. ......:" 16
6S739 :....-¦ 24 68887.... 2469021. 16
69064 16 690S1.: 40 69094 13
69132......... 80 69213.:. 24 69239 ¦ 80
6P322 24 69354........ 40 69543........ 24
69644 16 69S37.. '...;.. 40 69882 . 16
G9944 -18 69958 40J700O3........ "124
70110 SO 701S8 16170201. :....„ 120
70241.. 16 70242 .... 24 70314 120
70381: -2000 70431......'.. 40 70490........ 24
70363 120I705S5. ,16170678 120
70758... 24|70915 > 80170993 .."16
71066........ 16171154 24171536.....,'.. 24
71625 16171631........ S0171676.......: 40
.72062........ 24172244 24172-542........ 24
72633.....:... 16172700..:.'.... 16172878 16
72S82.. ...... 16 72951 40j72%5 24
729S6 ; 16 73050 16173099 24
73263... SO 73450 24,73469 80
73650 24 73932 16173333 ' 16
73936.. 40 74133. .80174346..:..... 16
74399 24 746S3 16174898. SO
75104 1 16 75166 40 75194........ 40
75409.. 24 75517 ¦ 24I75S47 16
75977... 24 75999........ 24176061........ 16
76115........' 40176182 241762S9... .40
76390 16176505.' 40176580.. 16
76611 - 40176675 40176710 16
'76SS0 16176840 80176955......... 24
77169 "16177174. .40)77201 £ 24
77339 16 77366 '.. 80I774S0 80
77482........ 16 77622. 24177632... 16
77681 16177983 16177936 SO
7S124. ....... 16178200 "24178218... 16
78221........ 16 78329 S0I78364 80
78393..:...;. < 16 78785... 16178807......... 120
78875........ 1678963 16179047 ...80
'79073........ 1679119... 16179321........ 4000
79438 16 79464........ .16179466 40
79470: 24 79670. ........ 24179727.. ...... 24
•79751........ 40 80010 .24180175.: 16
80192.. • 16180219 24180220........ 80
80250 16 80280 16180525 16
80556........ 16IS05S3 16IS0687.... ...... 16
80721 80181074.... 24181179 16
81214 16181350 '241
S1422... ..... ' 16181599........ 16181677........ •' 40
81775 - 40 81822 16181831.. ' lfl
82094........ • 24 82118 24182373 .....:. 40
82428 16 82517 16182625........ 16
82641 16 82918........ 2 JIS302G. ......."" 40
83047... 2483231.. 16|83237......'.. 24
83404..:..... 40 83439.. 16tS3553 21
83606........ 16 83757..-. 16183830 24
84136 16 84184......:. 24|84239 21
S4698.. 80I847S6 24|S4850 21
85067 16185144...:.... 24185257. •¦ 80
S5367 16 85369 16|85481 ,.,80
85525...*... 16 85605........-, 16 85651....:... ' 24.
85731 21185896 16 86032........ 24
86202 16186248 1 16186324. ..'. 16
S6419 16186523 16186561........ 40
86581.. 24|86588 40|86766 16
86818.: 16186839........ "16187045........ 16
87083........ 16187138...:.... ' 40187188 . 40
87440 16187670... '40187717 1?
87800 16187816 16187S32.. ....... j 16
87865 80187934 21187962 80
87982........ 40138111 161S8118 24
88147 40188385 40188398 16
88412 8fl|S8494 40188639... 16
88724 S0188768 40188855 SO
88909 24ISS93S 16I8S960 16
88971. 24189065 16189221 16
89254 2189264 16189312 16
89408 / 16 89457.". 16189732........ 16
89761 24190086 . 24190099 ¦ 16
90178 16190196 16190253 16
90341 40190509.. 24|90593 16
90628 16190699. .24.90807 40
90938.. 16190982 40191203 16
91276. 16191281.. ..1... 40191282 24
91317 16191382 40»91431 H
9U74 16191537 80191591......... 40
91892 40191911 40192011 40
92033 16192100 16192128 16
92196 40 92200.: 80(92627 40
92781 40 92S06 16192949 - IB
929S1 16193557 40I935S8. ....... 16
J3616 16193691 24193730. 24
93774 40193791. :. 16|
93S28 40I93S49 40I93S98 21
94181 24194236... 16194261 .24
94264.. 80194342 16194345 .... 24
94409 24194504 16194544 _ '40
94715 16194765 ?0!94915 ..-40.
95018 SOISSflfiO 16195087 24
95J60 40195283 16195366 16
95378 40195409 16195564 24
9f^23 40195625 16195809..: 40
95824 24195952... ' 24196131 10
96'F' 80196254 24196325........ 40
96326 40196363 16I964S5 24
96497 161966S2 40tSfi876.. 24
97072 , $«!97122 24197143 16
97150 -40197162 120197340... .18
97371 120197556 24I9764S. ....... 16
97877..: 16198123 40(98242 24
9«316 40I9R352 16I9S403 80
98476 2419S536 1619S560.. ...... 89
98604 40I9R794 80198*63 24
9JC877 24I9S327 24198994 16
99030 24199037 24199073 18
99095 24199108 .". ' 40I991S1 U
9S2C3 16199410 1RI99526........ 16
99KR6 16199777 16l?8Stt. .'¦../.;.. .16
99922 18199924 24199925. ....... 16
99952 40| - . I . .
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing, class "F," Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
day drawn » from - the 100.000 placed in the
wheel, with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. Hon-
duras.' C. A., this Saturday. June 13, 1901.
(Signed) W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR 81— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAP-
ITAL PRIZE.
NEW TORK. May 17, 1901.— I am the bona
fide owner of one-half ticket No. 23,593 of the
Honduras National Lottery Company, draw-
ing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, on May
11, 1901. Said .ticket drew the first capital
prize of 130,000, and I have received the money
in full WILLIAM ZUCKE^RMAN. '
262 Second Street, New York.
Sworn to before ,tne this May 20, 1901. .
(Signed) f -¦ SAMUEL ZIPRIS,
Notary Public, New Tork County.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE- FOURTH OF '
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
United States of America, State of Louisiana,
Parish of, Orleans, City of New Orleans— ss.
Personally came and appeared, before me,
Edward Rlghtor, Notary Public in and for the
of Orleans and State of Louisiana,
duly commissioned and qualified. John C.
Mayer of Denver, Colo., who. 'i being duly
sworn, deposes and says that he resides at
935 Tenth street, in said city, and that he Is
the lawful, owner for value of one-quarter
ticket of the Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery) . No. 23.593,
which drew the first capital prize ot thirty
thousand dollars ($30,000) at the drawing at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras. Saturday. May 11,
1901, and that said ticket waa paid on pre-
sentation. ...
(Signed) I JOHN C. MAYER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this
- May 22, 1901. - 1
(Signed) EDWARD RIGHTOR. .
• . • Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF. OF SECOND CAP-
¦ ITAL PRIZE. V
State of Missouri, City of St. Louis, May
IS. 1901: ¦ -"
Chas. Goettler deposes and says, that he Is
a citizen of St." Louis, residing at 2126 Whit-
nell avenue: that he is employed as brewer in
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Association. St.
Louis, Mo. ; that he held one-half ticket of
number 39678 In the Honduras National Lot-
tery Company (La. - S. L.), drawing of May
11, 1901, at -Puerto Cortez, -, Honduras, C. A. ;
that said number drew the second capital prize
of eisrht thousand dollars, and that he re-
ceived to-day. In this city, the amount of his
prize in full without any expenses deducted
from 'it whatever..- (Signed) ,. . .
• CHAS. GOETTLER.
' Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th
day of May, 1901. (Signed) i
. HENRY J. i SPAUNHORST.
-Notary Public. \ .
$1000 FOR B0 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
THIRD CAPITAL PRIZE. '
State of Indiana, County of . Marlon. S s. .
Before me. John ' S. Tarklngton, a Notary
Public, and in aforesaid county,! personally
came - James A. ; Ferguson, who being by - me
duly sworn, on: his oath says: * 'That 1 he re-
sides at number 314 N. West street. In the
city of ; IndlanarwMis, said; county;' that ' he is
the bona- fide holder and owner of ¦¦ one-quar-
ter ticket No. 24290 in the Honduras National
Lottery Company . of drawing Saturday, May
11, 1901, and which number won the third catil-
tal prize ; of four thousand dollars." - _- i^Tv 1
. i\ (Signed) ! JAMES I A. FERGUSON.
Subscribed and sworn ' to before me May 18
1901. (Signed) JOHNS. TARKINGTON,.
. < Notary- Public. ;Y
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by
President of Honduras National -Lottery (La
State Lottery Co.). -
¦ 999 numbers ending with 00, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the cap-
ital prize of $30.000-$S.
999 numbers ending with 07, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $8000— $8. — '
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 4750 to 4850, inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number draw-
Ing the capital prize of J30.00O— $40.
100 numbers from 31,957 to 32,057. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the .capital prize of $S000— $24.
100 numbers from 79,271 to 79,371. inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing .the capital prize of $4000— $16. .
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Vendome
Central California
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions,- reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at' "Traveler" offlce, 20 Montgomery street.
Ban Francisco, or address v
¦¦¦ GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
PAR'AISO
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up In the coast range, over-
looking the broad Salinas Valley; free from fog
and winds; pure, dry, balmy air; equable tem-
perature: seven miles stage from Soledad; hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths; tub and
plunge; special bathhouses for ladles; massage
treatment: cement swimming tank, 30x60; hunt-
ing and fishing; all popular games; hotel, cot-
tages and grounds Illuminated by gas: telephone
and P. O. : round-trip ticket $8. C. T. ROMIB.
prop. ; T. "W. SHRODER, manager. . .
Delightful Surroundings and n/ITTDD
Excellent Accommodations at if 1 1 1CK
MEDICAL SPRINGS
* ' - LAKE COUNTY, CAI*
Certain cure for Stomach. ' Liver. Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets, : CalifornIa and' Northwestern Rall-
4 . road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNEY McCORMICK. General Manager.
Call or address,
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & "Water Depot. 915 Market, r. 84.
...NARA... Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS Gal -
THE - MOST BEAUTIFUL OP ALL
health "resorts.
- Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street.' 7 a. m. and 4 p. xn.
, For further Information address
. . ' ..-.¦¦¦¦' A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
. BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip frorn San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market st., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571. ¦ - • ¦-
No. Prize. No. Prize. No/ Prize.
*o 24 99 16 .132........ 1C
204 .16 -316.. 16 .318 40
507 40-619.. 120 740 '.'!. 2-i
S10 40 .'924 16 962........ 24
1322....:... 16 1328 16 150S 8ll
1664........ 16 1735........ 24 1932 24
1944... SO 2045 ...16 2072........ 4C
2225 16 2232........ 40 2347... 24
25S9 24 2707 40 2791........ 24
2906... 16 2934 16 2953........ v 24
3078 24 3149 16 3208........ 24
3217. 16 3265 16 3346 40
3405 SO 3420 24 3630 16
3705 ' 40 4005 16 40S3... 24
4393 16 4443 16 4463 24
4654 SO 4749 80 4765 40
4SC0 30000 4955 .'. 16 E023 16
5084 16 6095 16 5103 SO
5157 24 6165 .24 5409..; 16
6416 40 5523. 16 5595........ 80
6783 16 6845 24 6033..;.....' 16
6091........ 16 6308 16 6375 16
6469 16 6528 24 6631........ 16
6688 16 6814 40 6963........ 21
7095 16 7101 40 7334........ 16
7388 40 7405 24 7470........ 16
7c61. ........ 16 7591........ 16 7654 16
7822 16 8001. 24 8243........ 120
8471...../.. 16 8597 24 8864 40
8870 16 9174 16 9219.. 40
9282 16 9303 80 9361 16
9373.. ...... 16 9540. 24 9546 ,. 16
9664 40 9690 40 9726........ 24
9752 16 .9775 - 40 9799 16
9903 24 99S2 24 10074 .16
10223........ 120 10243 24 10287 21
10308 16 10390.:...... -120 10845 40
10986 40 11034 16 11187........ 40
11232 24 11242.. 40 11645. 16
11760 40 11845 16 11885 16
11920 16 12092... 16 12237.. 16
12339........ 1(5 12108 1612504........ 24
12535 • 16 12697-.. ...... 24 12760........ 16
12813 24 12990........ 16 13019........ 40
13064 SO 3447 40 13457.... 'SO
13463 80 13687 16*3787.; 80
13857 16 13912 24 13997 ,24
14003 40 14039 -24 14056 16
14257 40 14281 -16 14684........ 16
14720 16 14739 16 14761 40
14786 80 14789 • 16 14870 -24
14S81..: - 40 1488S 24 15018 .16
150S4 24 15146........ 16 15166... '. 19
15191 16 15212 16 15245 16
15263 16 154S2 16 154S3 24
15491 24 15536. 24 15590 16
157S2 16 15790 16 15S33 40
15834 80 15900 24 15999 40
16247 24 16272. .40 16357........ 80
16400 SO 16441 16 166S9 :.' 40
16726 24 1672S 24 16788 .16
16896 .'.. 24 17003 24 17130 24
17217 .'.. 40 17463 24 17470 24
17525 24 17623 16 17690 40
17734 40 17773 80 177S7 24
17S02 24 17885 10 17907 80
17970 16 179S6...' 24 18003 120
1S303 16 1S336 ' 24 18820 - lfi
1S944 16 19193 16 19289 120
19307 24 19449 100019499 2 16
19500 16 19532 24 19659 * 16
19830 24 19S69..' 16 19978 40
19987 16 20016 40J20043 40
20152 16 202C8 16 20219 40
20290 24 20463 120 20482 40
206S4 16 20802... 80 20831........ 40
20872 16 20925 16 20958 40
20971 400 20979 16 21163 80
21292 16 21473 16 21531 120
21647 40 21701 80 21750 16
21751 40 21785 24 217S7 ,81)
21S01 16 22292 16(22414 J 24
22596 40 22615 16122649 1C
22650 16122672 16122733 16
22860 1622887 40122966 24
23048 40|230o3 241231151 40
23181 400 23185 24 23231 16
23241........ 40 23255 40 23264 V,
23272 24123309 16 23362 ." 16
23364 S0I233SS 24123428 16
23593 24123638 40 23723 21
23794 40|23S55 16|24182 24
241S9 24 24192 40 24195 : . 16
24246 40 24292....... 40 24352 16
24416 400 24426 80 24595 16
24621 24 24648 16|24S73 .... 24
25011 16 25019 16125162 2*
251S3 16125231 16125238 16
252S6 24125294 ?0|25310 80
25408 24 25522 40|25573 24
25735 24 25778 40125940 16
26063 24 26115 40126164 120
26195 24i26206 24126332 SO
26347 24J26463 24I264S3 14
26631 40126661 ' '16I27C65 24
27118 16127120 16127133 24
27222 16127270. 40127345 IB
27397 40127443 16127517 40
27676 .24127727 16J27775 40
27781 80127874 16127929... 16
27954 16128054 16125110.. 24
K239 1000I2S306: 120128214 120
2S33» 40128390 24128418 16
2S528.. 24128633 16I2S634 16
2S712 ' 24 288SS 40128997.. 16
29049 24 29222 24129376........ 24
29419 16129530 16123534 24
29704 24130072 16130156 24
30256 24I303S5 16I303S6 24
30427 16130428 40130479 24
30594 16130610 24130682 24
30635 16130765 16130773 16
30816 16130833 16130S87 24
31017 16J31C24 16131049 16
31206 40(31228 16131312 120
31420 24131504 S0I31528 16
31651 1SI31930.' 40132006 16
32007 8000132014.- 40132042 120
32074 16132090 16132170 16
32234 16132264 40132307. 40
32366. 16132574.. • SO 1 32967. 40
32968 24J33430 40133470 40
33S20.... 4OI33«53 S0I34237 16
34275 16I342S6 16134413 24
34470 24134554... 16134644 1C
34C77 80134700 .24134737 24
34765 16134921 16134966 16
349S8 24135147 24135148 16
33153 16135341 24135414 16
35759 40I35S10 SOI3:>812 16
33845 40135875 24!3?930 80
32835 24I359S7 1613S012.. ...... 24
36131 40136277 16i363S2.. ...... 16
36407 24136532 16136650 -16
JB7S0 24136830 16136853 lfi
36951 1613703$ 24137073 40
37199 40137204 16137330 40
374S5 24137506: 24137747... 16
37784 40137797 S0I37S24 16
378S0 16I378R2 24137891 21
37899 16137943 40137982 16
S7984 2413S133 40I3S136 16
38179 16138232 8013S32O.. ...... 16
3S362 1613S572 16I3S643.. 40
S8731 80138865 120138959 16
S8977 1SI3S9S9 24139030 24
S9074. ........ 16139146 40139197 40
39278........ 1613S332 40139375 16
39565 16139580 40139590........ 24
J9704 16139711 16139818 .40
39S26 24 40081 40140227 16
40246 80 40332 40|4O333 40
40456 24 40757 4OJ40829 16
40930 24140970 16140998 40
41034 /24I412S5 24141292 16
41339 24 41413 24)41452. ..'..... 2*
41491 24 41554 24 41567.. 24
41596 24 41618... 16141780 21
41627 16 41966 S0|42032 16
42048 2442115 40|42324. 16
42379 40 42474 24 42616 ...'24
42677... 16 42763 80 42944 24
42981...: 16 43275 .... 24 43288 16
4S3S5 16143413 40143832 24
44023 16144066 ' 16|44165 -16
441SO 16141191 16|44321. 24
44455 16 44605 24144672... 40
44706 40 44794 16|44816 :24
MS33 16 44S51. 16144948 21
44979 16144989 .... 24145023 ...24
45C50........ 24J452S1 . 40145W8 16
15431 24145569 16145639 40
45704 16 45723 16145735 16
4C191 24 46313 16146362... 24
46484 -40 46528.. 16146746 ...' 40
46796 24 46836. 24146948... 24
17040.. 16 47053 40147335........ 120
47336 • 24 47519 40147562 16
47578 1647591 40147629 120
47702 16 47795 16147809 2t
47S29 16 47944 .... 80147948 16
47976 16 48043... 40 48050 16
4S061 40 4S089... ¦...-.. 16148219 lfi
4S236 16 48328.. "16 48376 16
48420 40 48433 16 48464........ 16
4S698 2« 4S854. 24 48919 24
49073 Ifi|49n89 40 49177 24
43239...: 16 49527. 16 49616 16
49678 80(49689 24150209 16
50342 16150353 16I50425;. 16
50461 40150508 16150535........ SO
50595.. 16 50639... 161506K1 16
50936 .... 24 51011 80 51138:....... 24
51214 16 51215 18 51223 ]6
51379. 40 51751 16151803 40
S1905 '2452025 16152051. 40
52344 16152375... .24152406.. 16
52473. 80152638 16152657. 80
52663 16152773.... 24152359....'.... 24
53024 24153039 24153069. ....... 16
5310S 24153125 16153129 8ft
53430 40153476 15153300.. ...... ]6
5363S 24l53»27 16154010........ 16
54013 16154096 16| ¦
54182.... 24)54201. ....... R0I54233... ..'... 16
54239.. ' 40154377 80154456. 80
M5C2... 40134602.. '24154672 ..24
54909. ;. 16155034 16155079 24
56143 1C|K5163.....\.. 16155371 SO
55467 40155497 16155520 \ 16
55613 16155728 16155753 24
55788........ 24|. , , | ...
5E799..;..... 16155925... 40135829.'.;.;.'.. 16
55975........ 4OI56072.. 16156124 l«
-.6218 40156255 80156256.;. 80
56257 400156266 24156281....... 24
56253 24156349.. 16|563S5........ . 24
56506 16156576;.....:. 40156603.'. ..;... M
5OCO4: 16156637 16156724... 400
56767........ 16157002. 16157014:,...... 24
57084 16 57161 120157586...... - 24
57643 • 16 57772 24157799 in
57909. 16WS428..." 40158467 :. 16
58318 16|R8n22 24|5S622.. ...... 24
>8635. 80|58665... ! 24158692...... „¦ 24
,8377 16159091 24159246........ J6
59256.. ...... 40)59345 80159437. 1«
i9485. ' . 24159491.;...... t 24(59581. 40
59.W7... 16I597R6.. * 16159336; 24
50079 ...• 8060099.. 16160175... 16
»178. ....... 1660321.. 80 60327:....... lfi
M328.. ....... 1660406 24 60709 16
50756. ....... 16 60781........ . 16!611f.G......... Ifi
UlfiO. ....'...: '.24161393:.......- 16161419........ 120
51459.. ..:... 40161509........ 40161534 .... :..... 16
Rheumatism
Urns B:C'(, Sciatica. Lumbago. Kidney,
Stcmacb and Bladder Troubles Cured
or No Pay.
Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt.
IT DOES .WONDERS IN A FEW APPLICA-
tions. It arouses all the dormant energies',
develops muscular and nerve life and restores
the feeling of youth, couraee and vigor. It
makes men over again. It makes perfect men
of the puniest, weakest specimens of "half-
inen."
NO PAY UNLESS CURED.
Give roe one of those unfortunates with swol-
len and distorted limbs. Give xn« a man with
pains in bis back. In his shoulders, hips and
chest. I will pour the oil of life into his Joints,
warm them up. start the life blood circulating
and remove his pains In a few days. My Belt
will cure him and fill him full of life and cour-
age, and make him glad with the sunshine of
•youth or I ask no pay. And It never bums or
blister*.
SEND FOB. FREE BOOK.
My book tells how I cure and the cost. Send
for It to-day, free, sealed. Tell me about' your
troubles and I will advise you what my Belt
will do for you.
dr. m c. Mclaughlin
702 Market St>, San Francisco.McAULIFFE- JACKSON— N., City. Joe
McAuliffe and Peter Jackson fought be
fore the California Athletic Club, San
Francisco, December 27. 1888. Twenty
four rounds were fought. McAulIffe was
knocked out. • ,; " . •
THE CALL BUILDING— C. H. E.. City.
The Call building was illuminated exte
riorly for the first time on the occasion
of the Native Sons' celebration in 1900
with 100 lights. On previous occasions it
was illuminated Interiorly from ground
floor to dome, the first time being on the
19th of r>ecember, 1897. .
OLD MAN ELOQUENT— E. W. B., City.
"Old Man Eloquent," which has been ap
plied to Gladstone and other speakers. Is
from Milton's fifth sonnet, which was ad
dressed to Lady Margaret Ley. It occurs
In the following: .
Till sad the breaking 1 of the Parliament
Broke him. as that dishonest victory
At Chaeronea, fatal to liberty,"
Klll'd with report that old man eloquent.
ed States, but whether one so born would
be construed to be "a native born" has
never been passed upon by the Supreme
Court, as the question has never arisen.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Wife— John, I -wish you'd have burglar
alarms put- In the house. "What 1* burg
lars should break in and steal my seal
skin, jacket? »
Husband — Nonsense; there's no danger
whatever — er — on second thought, per
haps, it wouldn't be a bad idea. They
might steal my new overcoat. — Fun. - :
Mrs. Godfrey— I think it's about time wa
began to send Willie to Sunday school.
Mr. Godfrey— I think so, too; he asked me
only yesterday if I believed that fairy
story of Jonah and the whale.— Brooklyn
Life.
"Ah, Mr. Weareighsum.'* said Miss Gab
belgh. "you make one feel that it is
spring all the year round whenever you
call."
"New, that's nice," eatd Mr. Wearelgh
sum, while the rich redness of hla blush
crept athwart his countenance.
"Yes, you do," continued the young
lady. "You know that sprinir always
gives us that tired feeling." — Baltimore
American.
The tables turned— Mrs. Meek— Bridget,
I am greatly grieved because you will not
work for me longer; why are you going?
Bridget— Well, yes wlnt an* got a hat
loike moine. an', lalth, I won't stand it
at oil. at all.— Ohio State Journal.
"Mamma. I see by the papers that, when
England's new King goes forth, he Is pre
ceded by^a, fanfare of trumpets," said
little Robbie.^
"Yes. my son,"- replied the mother.
"Well, when, I wake papa up In the
morning with my trumpet, is that a fan
fare?" • Sw
"Well, Robbie, I can't JustiJflw tell you
what your papa does call it, bufMl doesn't
sound anything like that."— Tonkers
Statesman.
• Patience— Do you know, when Will went
to put the engagement ring on my finger
he didn't really know which finger it
should go on.
Patrice— Well, he must have a very poor
memory.— Yonkcrs Statesman.
% Ida— I don't believe the Van Alberts*
dog Is a genuine poodle.
May— Why not?
Ida— He hasn't had sore eyes since they
bought him.— Chicago News.
* The little daughter of the new neighbor
had rung the front door bell twice.
rlecse, mum."|she said to the mistress
of the place, ."mamma wants to know very
much If you are going . to plant garden
this spring." . . . .
"Why, my child, what does she want to
know for?"
"Well, we are going to raise some spring 1
chickens, but there's no use of trying to>
raise chickens If none of the neighbors
keeps a garden."— Kansas City Star.
James J. Coogan, de facto president ot
the borough of Manhattan, recently ap
plied to a Harlem horsedealer to purchase
a trotter. The dealer brought out a hand
some bay horse.
"I'l! -guarantee the animal to go In three
minutes easy," said the dealer. Coogan
understood the man to mean that the
horse could go a mile in three minutes
and drove the animal up to the Speedway
to try him.
"I found he was a slow plug and could
not trot," said the friend of Croker In tell
ing the story. "I drove back to the
static
" 'Here you/ I said to the delaer. "you
told me this horse could go in three min
utes! It took him four by the watch.'
""Well, you must have been in a of
a hurry if you couldn't wait » minute,"
the dealer replied.
Coopan did not buy the horse.— New
York Sun. •. /
the Isle of "Wight, a distance of 2S5 kilometers (156.70 miles).
The employment of wireless telegraphy will render great
services. Its stationary uses include communications between
the coast and lightships or lighthouses Isolated at sea and
communications between Islands apa the coast.
In the former case wireless telegraphy will serve to extend
considerably the semaphore service of port3. Lightships float-
Ing outside the harbors can, by its agency, bo kept in constant
and certain communication with the port In. all weathers and
can signal the arrival of passing ships a long time In advance.
This has already been done at Bremen, where a lightship fitted
with wireless telegraphy apparatus is rendering excellent serv
ice as an advanced semaphore.
The Herald's wireless station, to bo placed on the Nan
tucket Lighthouse, will report ocean liners from ten to fifteen
hours before they arrive off New York harbor.
"When wireless telegraphy stations have been, established
fn all parts of the world ships at sea fitted up with the Mar
coni apparatus will In most cases be able to communicate
with the mainland. ' This will give an Impetus to navigation
and greatly reduce maritime risks. Vessels provided with
wireless telegraphy apparatus will be able to ask for succor
from land either for themselves or for oth.er vessels In distress
which they are unable to relieve.
The conclusive and continuous experiments with wireless
telegraphy conducted during several weeks past between
Antlbes and Calvl Justify the hope that France and Corsica
will shortly be placed permanently In communication by means
of this marvelous system.— Paris Edition of New York Herald.
EXPERIMENTS are being made at Antlbes with the
Marconi system. "Wireless telegraphy has already been
successfully operated between France and Corsica, The
municipal administration of Antlbes has done every
thing possible to further the experiments, which are under the
direction of M. de Bremaecker, engineer.
Professor Branley of the Paris Catholic faculty, while In
vestigating the electrical resistance of metallic filings, discov
ered that this resistance, which is ordinarily very great, dimin
ishes to an enormous extent when the filings are acted upon
by the electric oscillations known as the Hertzian waves, after
the -name of Hertz, their discoverer. Professor Branley's dis
covery rendered wireless telegraphy possible, as It furnished
the means of receiving electric oscillations at a distance. "With
the aid of Professor Branley's discovery Mr. Marconi discov
ered the wireless telegraphy system, says the Monde Illustre.
For the purpose of operating the wireless telegraphy * sys
tem between France and Corsica stations have been established
at Calvi and at Antibes. The Antibes station is situated near
the Blot Railway. The. only apparatus In the open air is the
mast and crosspiece supporting the vertical wire. The mast
supporting the coherer apparatus consists of three parts re
spectively 26, 18 and 17 meters long.
Excellent results have always been obtained during the
experiments with wireless telegraphy between Antlbes and
Calvl. The distance between the stations is 175 kilometers
(108.5 miles). This Is not the greatest distance over which the
Marconi wireless telegraphy system has been operated. Com
munications have been effected between the Lizard Head and
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ROBERT E. LEE— I* M.. City; The
Initial, "E." in the name of Robert E. Leo
stands for Edward.
TWO DATES— L. M., City. The 24th of
May, 1878. fell on a Friday, and the 9th of
September, 1879, fell on a, Tuesday. .
MAPS— A. S.. Upton, Cal. Maps of tha
several counties of California may be ob
tained through any first-class book seller.
THE AMERICA'S CUP-G. F. H. and
R., City. .The America's cup was won
August .22, 1851/ by the schooner-yacht
America: She was a keel boat.
. SPORTS— Subscriber, Coallnga, Cal. The
newspaper directory does . not give any
such publication as Sports of Field, but
gives Sports Afield, a monthly Issued in
Chicago. t
MECHANICAL. ARTS-A. S., City.
There Is no school of mechanical arts in
San Francisco open at night, "where a
man of 35, who neglected opportunities
earlier in life can learn a trade.
SANTA ANA POPUI>ATION-F. W. S..
Campbell, Cal. The census of 1900 shows
thar the population of Santa Ana. Cal.,
was 4933; Santa Ana Township, Including
city, 6CS0. In 1890 the population of Santa
Ana was 3623; Santa Ana Township, In
cluding.city, 3628.
MAGAZINES— D.. City. The Century
Magazine Is credited in Rowell's Newspa
per Directory with having a circulation . of
125 000 per month; Munsey's, 610,833; Cos
mopolitan, 350.000;. Frank Leslie's Popular
Magazine, 183,014, and the American Re
view of Reviews, 85,000.
v . . •¦ ' — '¦ ; .. ¦ • ¦
SALE OF A HORSE— C., R-, Angels
Camp. Cal. If a man sells a horse for $90
and a week later buys it back again for
JSO.-he is $10 in by the transaction. -If he
subsequently sells the same horse for $100
he is in $20 on the second transaction, In
all $30 on the two sales.
PARDON— P. M., City. If a man com
mitted murder in California and was sen
tenced by the 'State authorities to be
hanged he cuuld not be pardoned by the
President of the United States, because
the President has only Jurisdiction of
Federal cases. .
GUM FOR STAMPS— G. A. P., City.
The gum that is used on the back of post
age stamps is dextrine, a preparation of
starch obtained from potatoes mixed with
the mucilage obtained from squash seeds,
sulphuric acid and water. The Govern
ment does not give the proportions used
in the makinc'of the gum.
CRIBBAGE— W. B.v Thermalito, Cal. It
in a game of cribbage the play is a play
of 5, 3, 4, 2, 5 there is then a run of three
for 5 3, 4. a run of four for 5, 3, 4. 2 and
another run of four for 3. 4, 2, 5. It makes
no difference in what order the cards are
played so .long as there is a sequence. The
second 5 played did not interfere with the
sequence -from 3 to .the ..last play.
SHIP— Subscriber, •» Kern.
County, Cal; A boy .between , the
ages of 15 and 17 may, with the consent of
his ¦ parents or guardlaii,- be enlisted to
serve In -the United States navy until he
attains the age of 21. Applications to be
made in California. to the commandant of
the United States ship Pensacola, United
States naval training station, Goat Island,
San Francisco. ." ;
1 1 PRICE OF COMPOSITION— A. S., City.
Compositors ; receive as compensation as
much as they can earn, according, to abil
ity and the amount of work they can ob
tain. Sin Job offices the ¦ schedule Is from
$18 to . $21 a : week. . In newspaper offices
the . price • for 'work | on linotype machines
ig$4,per day for day work and $4 50 per
diem' for night work. Typesetting by
hand in job offices is not less than 45 cents
per : thousand ems."; i:: : ¦
THE PRESIDENCY— A. 8., City} -.The
constitution; declares" :that to' be .eligible
for ' the . Presidency^,- of . the United : States
the person must be native born. It i3 held
that a ' child * born to ; American parents in
a foreign 1 country is a citizen of ; the.Unit-
Successful Experiments in the Establishment of Communication Between
France and> Corsica.
RAPID IS THE DEVELOPMENT OF WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY BY MARCONI'S MARVELOUS SYSTEM
An event which, the .bureau considers of sufficient
importance to be noted in its bearing upon the inter
nal commerce of the country during April is the ship
ment of a carload of Valencia oranges from Southern
California to Portland, Or., destined for Vladivostok,
Siberia." In commenting, upon it the report of the
Bureau of Statistics says: "This is the first fruit ship
ment'of the kind, and illustrates the tendency in this
branch of -production to relieve itself from the neces
sity of depending solely on the domestic and Euro
pean markets. The failure of California orange
growers to find a sufficient supply of cars to enable
In Southern territory the cotton movement is the
most important, 9,384,947 bales having come into
sight.by May 1, 1901. Of this amount Texas alone
contributed 3,508,499 bales. The growth of New Or
leans as a grain port is seen in the fact that .there were
exported from that city during the four months end
ing May 1 18,022,363 bushels of grain, as compared
with 14,153,127 bushels in the four months of. 1900.
The commercial movements at "the Atlantic sea
board include grain and flour. During April, 1901,
Boston received 4,092,892 bushels; New York, 9,655,
919 bushels; Philadelphia, 4,931,597 bushels, and Bal
timore,' 6,313,254 bushels, making a total of 24,993,662
bushels for those four principal ports.
The increase of trade in the Mississippi Valley has
been mainly in the way of livestock and cereals. The
livestock receipts at the five principal markets* of
Chicago, Kansas City, Omaha, St. .Louis and St. Jo
seph during 1901 show remarkable gains over last
year, both as regards April and the four months end
ing with April, the official receipts of cattle, hogs and
sheep ia the four months just ended showing an in
crease of. 359,417 head, as compared with the corre
sponding four months of 1900. The receipts of spring
and winter wheat at the eight markets of Minneapolis,
Milwaukee, Duluth, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Detroit and Toledo for the harvest year to April 30
were 10,840,722 bushels more than a year, ago, a gain
of approximately 6 per cent. .
FOR some time past the Treasury Bureau of
Statistics has been engaged in compiling statis
tics showing the leading movements in the *do
mestic trade of the country. A recently published
summary of the work in that regard contains over a
hundred tables giving figures of traffic along the At
lantic seaboard, the Great Lakes, the South and the
Pacific Coast. Among the interesting features of the
showing made by the ,tables is that of the widening
scope of internal commerce, caused by the conversion
of vacant lands into farms in the Northwest and min
eral developments in the Southwest, which sections
are enjoying a large influx* of hospitality.
COMMERCIAL MOVEMENTS.
It is not easy to explain the unsettled condition of
the weather all over the United States this summer,
but it" is worth noting that the Legislatures of Penn
sylvania and of Massachusetts have not adjourned yet
and in those centers the air is still subject to erratic
disturbances. . " ~
It was not intended to be a paternal scheme, and
therefore was not made fit for the conduct of busi
ness.
No one can plan in advance the changes that must
be made to fit such a scheme for paternal administra
tion. We only knotv that wherever the attempt has
been made waste has" resulted, causing a loss to the
people that is greater than the profit of corporate
energy in the same field of administration. ' The his
tory of such experiments by no means justifies the
rosy prospectus issued by the advocates of. municipal
paternalism. It is believed by many thinkers that
such paternalism in its cost and tyranny would ex
ceed anything charged now against the so-called cap
italistic system, and that if there is to be a change
it should not be to the incurably inefficient system of
municipal administration with its division- of respon
sibility and inevitable waste.
Municipal paternalism, the administration of utili
ties under public o\vnership» makes necessary a divi
sion of responsibility, and that is the final cause of
weakness, inefficiency end expense of administration.
In even' case in which inquiry has been made it has
been shown that municipal accounts are not kept so
that the cost of service in the case of municipal pa
ternal administration of gas, water or railway plants
can be ascertained. In many cases the proponents
and the opponents of municipal paternalism have
joined in trying to reform municipal accounting so
that cost of service can be known, but their attempts
have failed. In Chicago and New York it is impos
sible to find out the cost of municipal paternalism in
the water supply. The cost is divided among inter
est, construction, maintenance and profit and loss ac
counts, and each is so imperfectly' kept that experts
employed by commercial bodies have reported the as
certainment of cost to be impossible.
It is admitted by proponents and opponents of
municipal paternalism that if a uniform system of ac
counting, furnished and audited by the Government,
were adopted by all municipalities and all private
corporations it would disclose the administrative abil
ity of each, and that, under equal physical conditions,
it would probably demonstrate that municipal waste
is greater than corporate profit, because responsibility
is more divided in a municipality than in a private
corporation.
In administering any great American railway there
is a concentration of tesponsibility, and that rule runs
throughout all business operations. In the formation
of government, for the discharge of its proper poli
tical functions, there is, on the other hand, a division
of responsibility. Our scheme of government is
based on that principle, and hence we have the three
co-ordinate branches dividing responsibility among
them. ,
THERE is no evidence that the municipal pater
nalism which is imported into this country from
Europe will be sny more satisfactory to Ameri
cans than personal paternalism. There have been
many examples here of the failure of personal or cor
porate paternalism. TKe Pullman Company and other
large employers of labor have housed it comfortably,'
established schools, provided baths and even amuse
ments, only to find that these paternal arrangements
do not produce contentment nor happiness in their
We have endeavored to inquire, in a spirit of in
vestigation, into the results of municipal paternalism
!in the United States, and so far none of the advocates
of that system have satisfactorily answered the ques
tions, the proper answer to which must determine the
wisdom of the policy. We do not decide that it will
be unwise. We simply wait proof that it will be wise.
MUNICIPAL PATERNALISM.
THURSDAY... ...JUNE 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Lttntt All Cemnmaieitleni to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MAXAGER'S OFFICE.. • -"^ ' T*!*53**' > ° * J^I^*- . S ?^.
I'LULICATION OFFICE... BInrket and Third, S. F.
Telephone I'rc«i SOI.
I'DlTOniAL ROOMS 217 to SSI BtereMon' St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered t»r Carriers. 15 Cent* Per "Week.
- Slnatfe Coplca. B CenK.
Terms t>r Mall, Including Postages
nxiLT'CAlAi Cladudlnr Suncay), c ei» year t*.W
DAILY CALL. Uncludlne Sunday). « months %-W
DAILY CALX. Undudlns Sunday). » monUia l-»
daily CALI,- By Single Month..:...... Co
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear.....A... • I' 00
All postmasters are nnthorlzed to receive
¦nliBcrtptlona.
EampI* copies -will be forwarded ¦when requested.
Uatl vabscrlbtn !n crd«r!ng change of address should be
r*rtieular to rlv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to 2n*ure a prompt and -correct compliance with their request.
AKLASD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGrESS. .
Xa&ager Foreign AtrtrUalng. HirqcetU Bnlldi&ff, CUetga.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 261J.")
NETV YORK CORRESPOTOENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
*TEW TORE REPRESKNTATTVE:
ETEF0ES n. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NE*W YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. ¦ SI Union Square:
Mcrray BUI I£cte L ,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS! '
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hote];
Fremont House: Auditorium Ilctrt.
vrjLsirrsGTox en. c> office... i4oc o St., w. w.
SIOIITOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
HHA\CH OFFICES— 6!7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cctll >:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAIIleter. cpen until 9£0 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t :S> o'clock. 1?U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. t261 Market.
tx.rr.tr Elxteenth, open until 9 o'clock. IC96 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 1M ' Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
rorror Twrnty-seccnd and Kentucky, open- until 9 o'clock.
fJOO rillmore. open until 9 p. m.
The rank, and file, upon whom Mr. Cleveland seems
to rely as the party's forlorn' hope, seem to be too
busy or. too paralyzed by two defeats under Mr.
Bryan to express an opinion. They know they have
been hurt by obeying orders in two campaigns.
Their general in command has flung them against in
vincible artillery. The infantry has made cavalry
charges, and the cavalry has. made infantry charges,
and. both have been mowed down. ( They feel
that some one has blundered, but it is doubtful
if they can reason why, with sufficient clearness to
put the blame where it belongs/ • <
Meantime the Republican statesmen are watching
the Bryanites much as a housewife watches a cat in a
fit, wondering what it will do next.
Tillman of South Carolina holds a close second to
Stone, while Major Watterson seizes his can opener
and takes the tin off enough of the same sort on the
other side to add a piquant variety to what seems to
be the only kind of stuff furnished now from the
several sources of Democratic opinion.
eagle of lofty flight, stricken by the arrows of traitors
and brought down from the empyrean to regain his
strength in the company of kindred spirits, that he
may again soar and in thunder tones rebuke treason
2nd point the way of political salvation." Brother
Stone is a warm member, and can supply metaphor
and hyperbole, he-hysterics and political flapdoodle
enough for the next four national conventions.
The political element heretofore and now in power
in the South loves extremes. They are suited to the
Southern temper. CaJhoun andYancey, Toombs and
Jefferson Davis, are still the Southern ideals, though
the extreme, policies for which they stood have never
turned a wheel, made a dollar or produced two bales
of cotton where one grew before. The business men
of the South have never been influential in politics.
The men of leisure have always been the leaders there.
A change is brewing in that section, but there are
grave 4 ou bts whether it will make an impression
deep enough to control the Southern delegations.
Missouri, if Governor Stone speaks for the State,
is Damon to Bryan's Pythias. Stone has delivered an
interview in which he stands hovering that "young
In . the South the office-holders are practically a
unit for Bryan as the party; Warwick. He cannot be
the candidate, they say, but he will dictate the nomi
nation. Conditions in that section are determined by
an internecine strife. The outs in Southern Democracy
are against the ins, and are allying • themselves with
the industrial and commercial conditions with which
Senator McLaurin and ex- Senator Caffery aro
aligned.
Pennsylvania -Democrats say that an 'exponent^of
conservatism will be nominated next time, and Bryan
will have but little influence.
In his own State there appears a rather determined
opposition to him, which is ascribed to the influence
of J. Sterling -Morton and other Gold Democrats.
Personally no man exceeds Morton in influence in
Nebraska. In that State there seems, to be a growing
feeling that Mr. Bryan's two candidacies were really
brought about by Republican, influence. He was
nominated,, it is said, because: he was the easiest
man to beat. -Be this as it may, Nebraska seems to
have wearied of his extreme position:
To determine the 'probable value of his influence
the Herald has taken interviews with the local lead
ers of his party.in all sections of the country. New
England is found to be most contented with his dic
tatorship. Everywhere there "is apparent the same
subjection to his will that made the Kansas City con
vention subservient to. him. But this may mean let
ting him down easy, since but few seem willing to
accept him again as a candidate.
BRYAN'S POTENCY.
THE -New-York Herald says that President Mc-
Kinley,'s emphatic action on the third term
proposition has renewed public interest in 1904,
and makes important the probable potencylof Bryan
in the Democratic councils three years hence.
EMPIRE OF THE SOUTH SEAS
UNDER THE RULE OF BRITANNIA
, " - . • . ; ....' . .'.' .- - -;¦¦.... ¦. ¦ . . . .."¦ •', : .,.¦.¦"-¦-/
them to put their fruit on the Eastern market and the
high rates of ocean' freight from the Atlantic seaboard
to < Europe have conspired to force the growers either
to work up the product at home or. to find new mar
kets in the far East. Another experimental feature
in the distribution of the citrus fruit crop of Califor
nia isthe* shipment eastward by ; way of« coastwise
steamers from ' Redondo to \ Seattle, thence over- the
Great Northern Railroad to points as far east as Chi
cago.. Several train loads have been marketed over
this route." ' . . ,, \ ; . '
There will be a good daal of talk during the sum
mer about the man to succeed McKinley, but it will v
hardly amount to much. The office will not begin to .
seek. the man for at least a year.'
FOR HONEST PRIMARIES.
BY the character of the men. selected to act as
an advisory committee the Republican Pri
fmary. League has given assurance to the rank
and file of the party that its object is not to further
the ambitions of particular candidates, or to assist in
any factional attempt to control the nominating con
vention, but to promote genuine Republicanism and
to assure honest primary elections under the new law
of the State. -
The members of the advisory committee are not
unknown. They stand for something in business, in
professional life 1 and in politics. They are men of
influence and of known integrity. No one doubts the
Republicanism of any member of the committee, nor
will it be denied that they^ will uphold the best tra
ditions of the party against the domination of bosses
and their tools. v -
So important is the personality, of the committee ,
at this juncture that it will be well for .'all citizens to
read over the list and see what kind of men have been
called to the leadership in the movement. ; Here it is:
Louis Sloss, W. H. L. Barnes, I. W. Hellman Jr., R.
H. Lloyd, Marion Leventritt, John L. Koster, Phil N.
LJHenthal,- Vanderlynn Stow, Emile Bauer, Al Gerber
3ing. Warren Dutton, H. P.* Sonntag, George K. Fitch,
H.-N. Clement* Bert H. Hecht, James McNab, • S. , C.
Denson./P. C. Rossi, R. H. Warfield, George Lowenberg,
Ernest H. Lilienthal, Van E. Paterson, J. Lev! Jr., E.
W. McCarthy, "W. H. Crocker, _ Wendell j Easton, J. B.
Stetson, G. H. Umbsen, H. D. . Loveland, George W.
Klngsbury, Thomas E. Bannerman, J. S. Young, A. C.
Rulofson, J. D. Grant, J. D. Slebe, J. K. Wilson. E. J.
Baldwin, W. G. Stafford, George B. Wells, Mark Shel
don, Charles Bundschu, W. E." Dixey, J. G. Conrad, John
R. Hillman, \V. F. McNutt, J. B. Doollttle, Edward
Pollitz, I. J. Truman, William M. Abbott, Robert
Weineke, C. C. Burr, Wakefleld Baker, J. Eppinger, Max
Brooks, George A. Moore, T. W. Collins, C. B. Rode,
Frank J. Symmes. . > \ . '
As an advisory committee these men will be heard
in every important step taken in the work of the
league, and the course taken in any instance 'will be
largely determined and guided by their counsel. It is
hardly necessary to say that under their guidance the
organization will never become a faction or a clique, v
nor will it ever have any oth'er objects than those
of promoting Republicanism and maintaining honest
primaries. *
These things having been assured by the selection
of an advisory committee in which Republicans can
have well founded confidence, there can be no longer
any reason why all genuine Republicans should not
join the association or co-operate with it. There has
long been a demand for a primary law, and the de
mand has now been complied with. The' law. is upon
the statute-books. It cannot, however, enforce itself,
nor can it of its own vigor overthrow boss rule. If
the better elements of the Republican party do not
'take an interest in the primaries and attend the elec
tions, the* bosses will once more control the nominat
ing conventions. \ \ , ¦ >: •
As the matter now stands the issue is up to the
rank and file of the Republican party. The origin
ators of the league have pledged themselves so to ex
tend and develop, it that all who are members of , the
party and who desire to do so may connect themselves
with it. It is in no way exclusive, and is subject to
the absolute control of its members.- There is^here a
chance for every Republican to serve his party and
the city, and it should not be lost.
GLASS AND AIR.
MOST men of our time are fully persuaded that
the present century is destined to be known
as the age of steel and of electricity; that the
one will be used more and more for structural pur
poses and the other for motive power. There are,
however, riot lacking people who dissent from the
common opinion. Men of good authority as .experts
maintain that glass will be more used for structural
purposes than steel, and that the power, which will
drive the engines of the future, whether stationary or
locomotive, will be not so much electricity as com
pressed air. l
It is not to be understood that the believers in
glass and air hold a belief that we shall make no use
at all of steel and electricity. They admit readily
enough that there will be some purposes for which
those things will be far better than any other that
can be offered, just as there will always be some struck
tures for. which wood is better than metal or brick,
and some. forms of traction 'for which horse power
will be better. $han any engine. Nevertheless" they
insist that the great mass of materialised in the
structures of- the future will be glass, and the dom
inant motive power will be compressed air.
: The arguments for compressed air as a competitor
against electricity are fairly well known, for they have
been frequently stated by the; manufacturers of en
gines driven 'by that power. The glass men have of
late been making claims equally strong. It is argued
that there is an inexhaustible supply of material for
making glass and that the manufacture of.it is be
coming every year more economical. A noted glass
manufacturer of France is quoted as saying recently:
It is obvious that glass can be shaped, colored and
decorated to an extent of which no other vmaterial is
capable. ' Chairs and tables, in the new glass age, will
be made" of, vitrified material, toughe^dto the strength
of teak and mahogany. Cooking .utensils, plates and
cups and saucers will be made of the same, substance.
The new glass house will be absolutely^ clean and.prac
tically indestructible.. The whole "of its 'surface can be
washed from the top story to the, basement without a
trace of the humidity being left. Dust cannot collect on
the polished face, and the spider will find no place on
which to hang 1 Its cobwebs. .•'¦"
We are thus to look forward to an age when there
will be an acute rivalry between electricity, and com
pressed air, and within another, generation the rivalry
may be. watched by people who live in glass houses
where .cleanliness can be obtained by simply spraying
the rooms ; from a hose'pipe, and where there will be
no need ¦ of scrubbing cloths or>soap. ¦ The cities oi
that' time will of course be rich in decorative effects
andthe walls of: buildings will gleam' and glow with
colors of all. kinds. It is a fine future to lookfor
ward: to, for when; everybody lives in , glass houses
no one can throw stories and there will be peace in
the world. . : '
'.The' Sultan has riot yet paid his ', debt to -France,
but as he ; is. reported to have ordered two warships to
be built in that country it is probably his. intention to
let ' France take it out in trade. ¦ . '- - : ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, THURSDAY, JUNE 20, n^OT.
6
* From Black and White.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— The following
Californlans are visiting here and are reg
istered : At the Ebbltt. John B. Eldridge;
at the^ Raleigh, -, George F. Neal and H.
Wendleg and. wife: at the St. James, H.
A.; Marvin— all of San Francisco. At the
Arlington, Mrs.', Frank A. Cressy and two
children.' -
CA1IFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, • June 19.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. Beckhoit, at the Cosmopoli
tan; D/ Connor, W. Dawson, at the Grand
Union; Miss Hallberg, at the Herald
Square; J. Hanford, at the Oil&ey; C. C.
Iratt, at the. Murray Hill; Dr. M..K." Si
mon, at the Stvoy; E. Zimmerman, at the
Vendome; S. W. Gray, at the Holland;
N. C. Hawks, at the BarthoMi: W. \V.
Weighet, at the Gllsey; W. E. Amann. at
the Broadway Central; D. H. Canfleld; at
the, Grand ;,F. H.. Davis, at tho Manhat
tan; C. Diamond and wife,* at the ilelve
dere; R. H. Holtt, at, the Imperial; E. L.
Reed., at the Albert; J. Rusdiger, at tho
Belvedere.: \ '- . ,'
> From Los Angeles—H. Harrington, at
the Gllsey: H.\Laughlln Jr. and'D. Schuy
ler, at the GrandtTDnion; H. P. "Wendt, at
the Gllsey. ;. ' • .« .'¦.'
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
THE "LETTERS "O K"— Inquisitive.
City. The letters "O K" in the United
States signify all >right. Their use, it is
said, originated . with Jacob Astor, the
millionaire, of New York. He was looked
upon In commercial circles as a man of
great information and sound Judgment
and was a general referee as to the sol
vency or standing of traders. If a
note of inquiry as to any particular trad
er's position came and he desired to send
answer that the party was all right ho
was accustomed to write across the face
of the letter "O'K" and return it to the
writer. It was generally accepted that
these letters were . intended as an abbre
viation of "all correct," and in that sense
it is commonly used.
NEW ENGLAND COURANT— F. C. C
City. If the copy of the New England
Courant, Ben Frarklin's paper, published
in Queen street, Boston, Mass., and bear
ing date "from Monday, February 4, to
Monday. February 11, 1723," is a genuine
one, it is worth whatever may be offered
for it as a relic of those times. If itja
one of thousands of fac similes of that
paper, issued about thirty-flve years ago,
it has no value. =- • -
WALKING TO NEW YORK— C. F.>S.,
City. The distance from New York to
San Francisco Is 3250 miles. If a man
started afoot from San Francisco and
walked it all the way to New York, ex
cept such parts as he would have to ferry
across the water, and would have the
endurance to average twenty miles a day.
It would take him 182H days to make the
trip. There is no record of any man hav
ing "walked from San Francisco to New
York."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Special mf ormatlon - supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephoue Main 1M1 •
A Frenchman has invented a tobacco,
pipe which has a whistle In the stem in
order to enable the smoker to summon a
cab without taking the pipe from . his
mouth. . .
People of impoverished blood fall an easy pny
to the rijtors of winter. Restore your vitality tor
the use of Dr. Stegert's Angostura Bitters.
Call •nbicrlberi contemplating m. ehanr* of
reddeaee dorlnjr the summer months can bar*
Ckflr paper forrrarded by mail to their new
fttdreirra by notlfyinc Tbe Call Bnalnea* Office.
Tmls pa jner will also be on sale at all summer
—sorts and Is represented by a- local asrent In
•U towai «¦ th'e coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By O H. TTmhsen & Co.— Monday, June 24, at 12 o'clock,
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "The Tor Maker."/.
<*rpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Heartsease."
Alcazar— "Countess Vaieska.-
Grand Op*r»-House — "GiBmonda.**
Central— "A Night at the Clrcut."
Olympia. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
' Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cenJns. : A ""'
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— BasebalL
6utro Baths— Sxrimmlnt.Assessor Dodge Sued by Banks.
The Crocker- Woolworth National Bank
of Ban Francisco and the First National
Bank filed suits yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court to restrain Assessor
"Washington 1 Dodge from . assessing and
collecting taxes upon the capital - stock
and the premium on. United States bonds
held by those institutions. The jsults are
similar to those Instituted by the national
banks of this city a year ago. Temporary
restraining orders were issued by Judge
Morrow as prayed for.
•Although It was a month ago to-day
that the strike of the Ironworkers took
place, there is no appreciable change In
tho 'situation.-. A few men have left tho
unions In order to supply their families
¦with the necessaries of life and there have
been one or two desertions from the ranks
of the employers. These desertions were
small concerns, but the proprietors of the
larger establishments remain firm. Ru
mors of compromise are In the air, but
can be traced to no definite source. - l ;
President McCabe/ after a conference
last night with National Organizer Pierce
at the headquarters of the Iron Trades'
Council, »would neither affirm nor. deny
that such a condition might ' exist. He
had "nothing 1 to say." The Machinists'
Union met last night, but' the results of
its deliberations the spokesman for the
union declined to divulge. .
According, to Business Agent Loughery
of the Porters'. Packers' and "Warehouse
men's Union, the schedule of wages to be
presented to employers is still in the
hands of the executive committee. He
says that with but few exceptions the
schedule probably -will be adopted bv the
leading wholesalers and that any differ
ences arising therefrom will be amicably
adjusted. Several members were initiated
last night and the organization now num
bers nearly 2000 members. . • ¦ . ,-.
The Metal Roofers' Union has elected
tho folio wine officers:
President. Martin Hughes; vice president,
Thomas Dfempsey: recording secretary, -John
Leary; financial secretary. James K. Mee: con
ductor, A. P. Murphy: warden, W. Schwebs;
trustee, Thomas Carroll.
The Ironmolders' Helpers' Union Local
9200 was permanently organized last night
and Its officers Installed at 1159' Mission
street. It. was addressed by T. Zandt and
H. Gallagher of the San Francisco Labor
Council. It starts out with a roll of forty
members. '
The following communication addresser!
to The Call explains itself:
I say that Mr. Sanderson Is juggling with
the truth, and he Is trying to wlgele out of the
false position in which he has placed himself
and the organization he represents. His own
statement Bald: "It is also true that I told
those who accepted the card. that. they could
display It or not, Just as they chose: which I
was Instructed to do by the executive com
1 mittee."
Here are his exact words: ' "Perhaps you
may have some customers who may not like
to Bee the sign: It may be "like a red cloth
flung in front of a bull, and It might be bet
ter to hang it Inside for a few days."
The morninr following Sanderson's visit one
of my employes placed the card In the most
1 prominent place In the shop, and It remained
there until It was a case of take It down or
get no meat I reiterate what Is said In my
Interview with your reporter last Sunday. As
to his statement that the jobbers and slaughter
ers first struck and not the union, how Is It that
sll Journeymen butchers were ordered out at
the meeting held at the Turk-street Temple
Tuesday, June 11," 1901? .
H. C. FLAGEOLLET,
President Retail Boss Butchers' Association.
Reoorts that Journeymen Butchers' Un
ion No. 115 would give ud its charter are
strenuously denied by labor leaders. As
lone as a score of members remain the
union can still maintain Its autonomy.
One Month Shows No
Appreciable Change .
in Situation.
Porters and Packers Expect
the Concession of Their
Wage Schedule.
IRONWORKERS
STILL DEFIANT
George TV eaber, a saloon-keeper of East
Oakland, filed a petition In Insolvency
yesterday In the United States District
Court. He owes $926 and has $150 assets.
Insolvent Saloon-Keeper.
Sheriff Foster of Noble, O. T., arrived
here last night to take charge of William
Raybourn and Loretta Strode, who ara
wanted there for obtaining $1200 under
false pretenses. Foster, who Is accom
panied by his wife, will leave with hla
prisoners to-morrow morning.
Wanted In Oklahoma.
the suggestion of the. Auditor It -was de
cided to add the balance due for Novem
ber on the December demands, together
with a stamp containing the information
that the demands were paid under a reso
lution of the Supervisors and pursuant
to the constitutional amendment adopted
at the last election. Auditor "Wells stated
that the accounts kept :n hi3 office showed
the exact amount due the teachers and
that the plan mentioned would result in
a rapid liquidation of the claims.
.•
Mr. and Mrs. Callaghan leave to-day
for a bridal trip, keeping their destina
tion a secret, j-.owever. On their return
they will make their residence in this
city.
Lapt evening at 9 o'clock at the home of
the bride's parents. C424 Steiner street,
Miss Edna B. Van Wyck and Arthur V.
Callairhcn were married. Rev. Father
Ramm officiating. The bride was attend
ed by her Ulster. ' Miss Gerturde Van
Wyck. who officiated as maid of honor,
and little Marion Stoval. who acted as a
flower plrl. Charles Knight was best man
and Lawrence Van Winkle and Dan
Callashan wcr* the ribbon bearers. The
bride wye iin <legant imported gown of
white embroider* d crepe de chine. The
iklrt was made en train and trimmed with
an exquisite rtcunce of old French lace
thnt dates bark to the time of Louis
XIV. A long tulle veil and wreath of
oranpe b!oF5oms completed the exquisite
costume. The bridal bouquet was com
posed of lilies of the valley.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck, the maid of
honor, wore a dainty gown of white
mousscline ami carried a bouquet of pink
roses. Little Mlsa Stoval made a pretty
picture In her dainty frock of pink chif
fon.
Miss Janet Coleman, the maid of honor,
wore a dainty gown of white embroidered
mull, trimmed •with lace and chiffon.
Miss Persis Coleman wore a pretty gown
of pale blue Louisine silk, trimmed .with
white lace and chiffon. The Misses Wood
and Lakeman were attired alike In white
Louistne silk, trimmed with lace and
chiffon. Maid of honor and bridesmaids
carried La Tosca bouquets composed of
American Beauty roses and wore a beauty
rose pinned ctniuettishly in the hair.
Dr. and Mrs. Miller are going to Europe
en their bridal trip. They will visit the
principal European capitals and also
Frx'nd some tlm** In the land of the mid
night sun. They expect to be home early
in winter and will take up their residence
In San Jose, where Dr. Miller has been
practicing medicine and surgery for some
lime.
Standing in a bower of American Beauty
roses. Miss Sara Coleman and Dr. John
Johnston Miller of San Jose were mar
ried last evening at the home of the
bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Cole
xnan, on California street. Dr. Adams of
the First Congregational Church per
formed the ceremony that made ths young
couple man and wife. The bride was at
tended by her sister. Miss Janet Cole
ir.an, vrho officiated as maid of honor, and
Miss Estelle Lakeman of Grass Valley,
Miss Lottie Woods and Miss Persis Cole
man. who acted as bridesmaids. David
M. Burnett of San Jose was best man.
The Coleman residence was elaborately
decorated for the happy occasion with a
Wealth of rare flowers. American Beauty
roses were used exclusively for the re
ception hall and drawing room and in the
dining room white popples made a most
effective decoration. About 100 Invited
guests witnessed the ceremony.
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
rich white satin, trimmed elaborately with
point lace. Her veil was fastened with a
epray of orange blossoms and her bou
quet was composed of orchids.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Henry Xavier.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Henry Xavier,
known all over, the country among-horti
culturists, especially by raisers of grapes,
died to-day in Mount Vernon, N. Y.,
aged 75 years. He was a Frenchman.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, June 19.— C. H.
Reed, one of the most prominent mer
chants here, died to-day after three
¦weeks' Illness. >, He had been in the hard
ware business for many years,* was a
Mason of high' standing and held the
chairmanship of the Republican Central
Committee.
Ep.n X/uis merchant Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, June 19.— Mrs. Richard
Thompson, for over thirty years promi
nent in society and charitable affairs
here, died last night at her home on MIs
elon Hill. She was a native of St. Louis
and leaves a husband, Richard Thomp
son, and two sons, Ralph Thompson of
this city and William Thompson of San
Francisco. :v«-
DOVER. N. H., June 19.— Former Gov
ernor P. C. Cheney, of Manchester, died
at the home of his son-in-law, Charles H.
Fish, here to-day, aged 73 years. He had
been ill since the death of his wife, several
weeks ago. Besides having been Gov
ernor of New Hampshire. Mr. Cheney had
served as United States Senator, having
been appointed in 1S86 to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Austin E. Pike,
and as United States Minister to Switzer
land under President Harrison. Since
1892 he had been a member of the Repub
lican National Committee.
Prominent Santa Cruz "Woman Dead.
Hon. P. C. Cheney.
Captain Van Pelt was born in New
York seventy-eight years ago. His re
mains will be brought to San Francisco
and the funeral will take place at Moun
tain View Cemetery to-morrow at 2 p. m.
Deceased leaves three eons and one
daughter. Arthur C. is with the Oceanic
Steamship Company and Eugene and Wil
liam are well known in San Francisco.
Captain D. Van Pelt of the Ukiah Is a
nephew of the deceased.
One of the best known master mariners
In California Jled at MafysvUle last Mon
day. Captain B. D. Van Pelt and his
brother brought the brig American Eagle
around the Horn in 1S4S. Sho was built
for them in Maine and when rendy for
service they loaded her with lumber and
called for San Francisco. With the cargo
Captain Van Pelt built one of tho first
weather-board houses put up in Napa.
In 1849 he and his brother started the
first steamer ever run on the Sacramento.
For years he was connected with bay
shipping and for twelve years was master
of the State fireboat Governor Irwin.
Attorney Mllburn, representing Mol
ineux, said that Hill had spoken ns If to
a Jury and claimed that he had'Improper
ly stated certain features of the case. He
again contended that the law had not
been followed in the admission of the
handwriting testimony, and that there,
had been error in admitting certain testi
mony.
When Attorney Milburn closed the case
was formally submitted. *
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Hill asserted that under the tutorship
of Mr. Carvalho, expert, in writing, th©
accused learned to disguise his handwrit
ing and did disguise it in the writing he
did for Expert Kinsley. Leaving out of
consideration the expert testimony, Hill
said the State had still a complete chain
of circumstantial evidence of the guilt of
the accused. v "We have." he said, "Mol
ineux's acknowledged description of his
malady, and we have that same descrip
tion in the Marston blank. We have all
the other direct and circumstantial evi
dence that connects the prisoner directly."
In closing Senator Hill pleaded that the
case was one of Importance to the State,
that the defendant had been fairly tried,
that no substantial error had been com
mitted and that no material fact had been
excluded.
Attorney Hill said that Molineux was
a sufferer from a malady which made him
melancholy; then reviewed the trouble at
the Knickerbocker Athletic Club and pic
tured Molineux as plotting for revenge.
."The defense,"." said he, "went "through
the trial casting suspicion right and left
without reason of system, merely seeking
to avert it from their client."
BUFFALO, N. Y., June 19.-The fate of
Roland B. Molineux, convicted of murder
as the poisoner of Mrs. Katherlne J.
Adams at New York December, 189S, is in
the hands of seven Judges of the Court of
¦Appeals, who for three days past have
been listening to the arguments for and
against a new trial. The appeal was
finally submitted at 1:35 o'clock this aft
ernoon. The decision will not be an
nounced until some months hence, when
the court sits at Albany for the fall term.
Ex-Senator David B. Hill, for the peo
ple, insisted that it had been proved by
overwhelming evidence that Molineux had
written the letters and the address on the
poison package, and that his guilt was
clearly established. He dwelt upon the
fact that Molineux was a chemist, and
asked, "Where was the man who had
the opportunity that he had to poison his
enemies?"
Ex-Senator Hill Argues
Against Granting
New Trial.
COUNSEL SUBMIT
MOLINEUX CMSE
FRANK G. COBURN. th© pretend
ed United StateH Secret Service
operator, who tried to play a con
fidence game on United States Se-'
cret Service Agent Hazen and who
was arrested last Monday for imperson
ating a United States officer, was released
from custody yesterday on the recommen
dation of Agent Hazen.
It developed upon investigation that Co
burn had not obtained money or credit
upon his representations, and it was fur
thermore believed by Agent Hazen that
Coburn must be of weak intellect or he
would not have come to the Secret Service
office and asked Hazen for employment
on the strength of forged letters of rec
ommendation. One of iiie names forged
to the letters was that of Alfred Wilkie,
Chief of the United States Secret Service
Bureau at Washington. The signature,
however, did not resemble in the least
that of Mr. AVilkle and could not have de
ceived any one who had ever seen it
Shortly after Coburn arrived here he
called uoon Colonel Wilson, aid de camp
of General Shatter, and after introducing
himself as one of Uncle. Sam's sleuths pro
posed to accept employment to go on a
transport to Manila and unearth alleged
frauds in the commissary department.
Colonel Wilson was not in the sleuth-bus
iness and declined Coburn" a offer.
For the last three months Agent Hazen
and Operator Moffltt had been hunting
for Coburn, but they could not find him.
He was ( during the whole • of ¦ that
time working at his trade of house-paint
ing- in Woodland, Yolo County. As soon
as he returned to this city he called at
Agent Hazen's office to fill that official
with fairy tales and was bagged. Agent
Hazen confiscated the forged letters of
recommendation and advised Coburn to
mend his ways and stick to his palntpot
and brushes.
All electors who have changed their
residence from another county In this
State to this county since the last general
election and prior to May 15, 190L
The campaign committee desires that
citizens should bear tn mind xhat all per
sons who have moved out of their respect
ive precincts since they registered must
register anew or lose tneir right to vote.
All qualified electors who were regis
tered at the last general election, or since
that time, and who will have continued
to reside within their respective election
precincts, will be entitled to vote with
out additional registration.
The campaign committee estimates that
there ha* been a considerable Increase
in the population of San Francisco since
tbe last general election. Many Republi
cans, who formerly resided in the East,
have acquired a residence in this city and
State and are therefore entitled to register
and vote at the primary election on Aug
ust 13. It is the purpose of the committee
to bring the Republican newcomers into
line for good municipal government under
the auspices of their own party.
The rooms of the league at 930 Market
street— Baldwin Annex— are open from 9
a. m. to 11 p. m. daily. The secretary of
the organization and his assistants will
give to voters Information respecting reg
istration. All Republicans are welcome
at headquarters.
All native malo citizens, who have ar
rived at age Blnee the last general elec
tion.
All native xnal© citizens not rertitered,
who have secured a residence in t#e State
and county since the last general election.
encouraged the promoters of the league.
The campaign committee of the league
met at headquarters last evening to dis
cuss subjects relating to registration.
Methodical w.ork must be speedily done
In order to bring out a large vote at tho
primary election. Registration Is now
open and will continue until August 3. 1901.
The following persons axe entitled to reg
ister:
All persons not registered at th© last
election, but who were entitled thereto.
The Republlcaa^Primary League is daily
receiving accessions of support from lead-
Ing citizens of San Francisco. The prompt
manner In wnich men of high" character
and recognized Influence have accepted
the responsibility of service on the ad
visory committee has strengthened and
Estimates That Many New
comers Are Entitled
to Register. .
Active "Work of the
Campaign Committee
of the League.
REGISTRATION
FOR PRIMARY
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed: F. R. 'Reade .to . beassistant
engineer under City Engineer Grunsky.
Reade was appointed for a temporary
geriod and until such time as . the Civil
ervice Commission can -, certify to a list
of ellgibles for the position his sal
ary will be $150 per month.
Assistant Engineer Appointed.
Policeman Bahan in Trouble.
r Chief Sullivan has written Chief Elton
of Los Angeles for full particulars as to
the arrest of Policeman Maurice Behan
of this city, who is alleged to have en
gaged in a drunken brawl there with a
woman. He was on his vacation. He
gave 110 bail for his appearance, but failed
to be in court next morning, and a bench
warrant was issued- for his arrest .He
was In tho company of Kittle Turner, a
well known character ot this city, when
the brawl occurred.
Women Tells What the Organ
ization Is Accomplishing.
. Mrs. Mary Wright Sewall," president of
the International Council of Women, de
livered a lecture last night on "The New*
Internationalism',' at Golden Gate Hall.
Mrs. Sewall outlined the work now being
accomplished by the organization toward
the amelioration ot the condition of her
sex. She said that there' were 7,000,000
women enrolled in- the council, all of
whom were co-operating in securing a
higher education, industrial freedom, civil
justice and professional privilege.
The organization, the speaker said, had
grown -from a representation ¦ of four na
tions to one of fourteen and was con
stantly growing. " Eight languages were
spoken at. the last international council
and • all the ! reports - showed a marvelous
progress In a movement that is destined
to do much for the uplifting of woman
The .international press committee was
performing ¦ wonders in , the : dissemination
of much valuable information and a com
mittee on law was at all. times publishing
the best statutes r governing domestic -re
lations for the advancement of the mother
and her. offspring.* ; V
MRS. SEWAXL LECTURES ON
NEW INTERNATIONALISM
President of International Council of
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
The only route ¦, having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and Hu
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask U
M.- Fletcher. 212 California street. •
The trial of Peter W. McGlade, ex
bookkeeper In the Superintendent of
Streets' office, on the charge of ,forglng
the name, of John Sullivan to a demand
on the City Treasurer, was continued be
fore Judge Burnett and a jury in Judge
Cook's court yesterday.
The principal witness for the day was
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting expert,
who showed by photographic exemplars
of McGlade's handwriting that he forged
the demand. He was on the stand for
several hours and tho -Jury appeared to
listen attentively to his explanations.
John Sullivan, hod-carrier, 1608 Kearny
street,^testified that he did not sign the
demand and did not live at 3036 Twenty
second street. Thomas P.. Clark and T
B. McGinnis were recalled and - testified
that their signatures to the demand were
forged.
Christian Relss, ex-City Treasurer, tes
tified that the demand was paid alone
with twelve others, but he did not know
to whom they were paid nor by whom
presented for payment: Martin W. Flem
ing, ex-Registrar, was called and present
ed an exemplar of McGlade's handwrit
ing. The case was continued till this
morning.
KYTKA TESTIFIES TO
McQLADE'S HAJTDWBITINQ
Nothing New Develops in Trial of
Superintendent of Streets' ex-
Bookkeeper.
Interest in the convention is being
awakened throughout this section of the
country and also in neighboring States.
In Oregon, Washington and Nevada plans
to receive the delegates are being rapidly
materialized. San Joso will welcome the
strangers with Rifts of the choicest prod
ucts of. Santa Clara County. The peoplo
of Sacramento havo had several mass
meetings to discuss projects for n. recep
tion that shall rival that of San Fran
cisco. Mayor Clark has promised to do
all in his power to assist.
Stockton and Los Angeles have also de
cided on elaborate welcomes to the East
erners. Newcastle correspondents prom
ise that Placer County will greet tho Ep
worth Leaguers In a way that will bo long
remembered. Wherever the excursion
trains stop there will be welcoming
crowds of California ns. No effort will bo
spared to Induce tho visitors to remain
here when possible and otherwise to mako
them carry bock a true Impression of the
virtues of . California.
Dr. Beard says reports are coming In
daily from different towns of the State
giving particulars in regard to the plans
tor such receptions and elaborate prepara
tions are everywhere being made for the
fetes. .
The Interior . cities of California are
planning to give extensive receptions,
when opportunity offers, to the Epworth
League delegates to the international con
vention. At all towns through which the
visitors will pass on their way to San
Francisco the people will give them
hearty greeting a*l present them with
fruits and flowers. It is Intended that
they shall realize the justice of Califor
nia's reputation for hospitality while they
are here and their entertainment will
commence as soon as they cross the State
line.
Interior Towns Will Give
the Visitors Warm .
Welcome.
PLAN TU GREET
THE LEAGUERS
Ood is at the bottom of all true education
and tho world hns never had a great man who
did not believe in God. Education which puts
a man outside of society and out of touch with
his fellow man Is worthless. Jesus Christ came
on earth and 'labored as a carpenter. No edu
cated man should ever scorn the plain people.
Dr. de Costa In conclusion paid a high
tribute to the efficiency of the parochtal
schools and to the Catholic colleges, and
advised all to contribute to their support
He who Is educated must use his talents for
the beneftt of the whole world, and especially
for the laboring man, whose condition he is
bound to endeavor to improve. You may In
quire how this may t>v done. I answer aa
Jesus Christ endeavored to extend his life Into
the lives of all the human race, so must those
who are educated strive to Impart their bless
ings and advantages to thone who toll. Culture
and labor should walk hand in hand.
The worklngman i» nt the foundation of «o
ctety, and without him our schools and col
leges could not exist. lie la Indispensable to
the scholar and the educated man. The prop
onltlon that the worklngman's wages are hli
pay la too prepoBterouti to discuss at this late
day and In the presence of an Intelligent audi
ence. He works that others may be bene
flted.
It Is not true, as the pessimists are fond of
asserting, that society is fallins anil that the
foundations of society are giving away. Neither
la It true that the poor are getting poorer and
the rich richer. The sooner the poor get this
Idea out of their minds the better It will be
for their welfare. . Society, however, is con
fronted with sertpus problems; revolutions, in
fact, are In progress. The question Is what
Is the duty of Catholics, standing as they do
on the threshold of the new century?
It must be admttted that some of the cures
which have been advanced for the ills of so
ciety are worse than the Ills themselves. This
is especially true of philanthropy, which is
practically a game of highway, robbery, re
lieving the people on the road of their good*
and Riving them a p*nny with which to get
to the next station. Philanthropy is not what
we need, but simple Justice.
The foreign pauper la met at the dock In
New York and cent back to Europe. The poor
of other nations have no claim on us. Hut
every man In this country has a claim on
the community. The law 6ays to htm: "Work
whllo you can, and when you fall you may
draw your Just benefits."
In treating his subject r>r. de Costa
touched upon the leading questions of the
day and asked the Catholics to meet them
with courage. He spoke in part as fol
lows:
Preceding: the speech of the evening
Miss Dorothy Goodsell delighted the audi
ence with two vocal selections, entitled
"It Was April" and "Song of the Four
Seasons."
Dr. Benjamin de Costa completed hla
series of lectures at Metropolitan Temple
last night with an eloquent discourse on
"The Claims of Society on the' Educated
Catholic." His final address was received
with the same flattering attendance and
attention as its predecessors. Father Mc-
Loughlin, "the singing priest" of the
Church of the Transfiguration, New
York, presided, and m his introductory re
marks" stated that Dr. de Costa was a
parishioner of his and he had had the
pleasure of assisting in his conversion to
the Catholic church.;
Delivers Final Address
at Metropolitan
Temple.
DE COSTA ENDS
LECTURE COURSE
THE MAN WHO FALSELT REPRE
SENTED HIMSELF AS A SECRET
SERVICE SLEUTH.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 2O, ; 1901;
Investigation Shows That; Impostor Did Not' Obtain Money or Credit
Upon His-^ ¦Representations ; and His Actions Lead to Belief
that^ He Is Weak-Minded — - Approached C6lonel Wilson
AGENT HAZEN RECOMMENDS RELEASE
OF FRANK COBURN, ALLEGED SLEUTH
Old ' Demands. ."
Mayor Phelan, Auditor Wells and the
members of the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors conferred yes
terday with a. view toward formulating
a plan whereby the teachers and Janitors
may receive Immediately the money due
on their salary demands for November
and .December, -18S8. -It was decided that
it ¦will not be necessary to compel the
teachers and janitors to make affidavit
before the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors of the several amounts of their
claims. There are nearly 1500 of. such de
mands and the Auditor said that it would
entail a vast amount of unnecessary work
if the affidavits were required.
There Is a small balance owing on the
November claims and the full amount of
the December demands is also due. At
TEACHERS 1TEED NOT matte*
i APFH>AVTTS OF CLAIMS
City Officials Decide "Upon Plan to
Insure Rapid Payment of
7
AMUSEMENTS.
. 7>TEW ADVERTISEMETSTTS.
• BEST BILL IN YEARS.
ODELL, WILLIAMS AND CO.. EZRA KEN-
DALL. COLE AND DELOSSE. ED LATELL,
LESTER REEVES, GARDNER AND MAD-
DERX. DOHERTT SISTERS. THE BIO-
GRAPH.
THE WONDERFUL EAST INDIA PYGMIES,
Fatma and Smaun.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. *
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
i '
Fatma and Smaun. the Pyjrmles, will hold a
reception to children after all matinee* during:
their engagement. |
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER WONDERFUL TRIUMPH.
MELBOURNE MgcDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In Sardou'a
Strongest Play.
"GISMONDA."
First 'Time on Any Ptape at Popular Prlc**.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH OF MISS
FLORENCE STONE will b© presented to ev«ry
one attending the Saturday matinee.
Popular Prices— 10c. 13c. JSc. We. 73c.
Good Orchectra Sent, all Matlnnes, 23c.
nRANCH TICKET OFFICE, EMPORIUM.
Next Week— Melbourne MAcDowell In Fedorv
BEiASCO <•«<> TffAirS rSfctftig.
\Uj«-« a.?«a B "^ mtsTtarrnjux
A BIO HIT— IT IS TO LAUOH.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Mutlneft Rnturdiiy and Sunday.
Nellie McIIenry's Great Farce Comedy,
A NIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Ncthlr.p but fun from beginning to end. !
Introducing up-to-date Specialties.
. YOU'LL SHOUT, ECREAM AND ROAR.
OLiicv Evenings..... 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, COo
UllLPJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 25o
Next Week-Revival of UNCI.K TOM'S CABIN.
OLYMPIA
THE ONLY' FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY. '
IONE,
A beautiful woman presenting a spectacular
transformation act.
MISS MAUDE DE ALMA,
Vaudeville's cleverest soubrette. •
MISS ADA~SWEENEY,
America's noted soprano vocalist.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
- -C 1 MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
BASEBALL.
6 '.ELAND vj. SAN F2ANCISC\
TC-DAY, Friday aod Saturday
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
" Eighth and" Harrison streets..
riOLnnna Admission 1U«. -'
CHARITY MARTIN. Slg. Abramoff, Paras-
kova ; Sandollne, Erma ' Wing, the Juggling
Gillens, Ed < B. Adams, the Samayoas. - Alice
Barnum and Stanley and Walton.;- : ".¦'
;¦ .. Reserved Seats. 25c. . Matinee; Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
.- Open Daily, from 7 a. m.to 11 p. m.
. ¦ Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 6c.
i Bathing. Including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
Have you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious pnrasite disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventually
lead to baldness. To cure It you must de-
ptroy the parasite that eats at the root of
the hair. Tho only prepartlon for «le-
stroylnpr these perms Is Newbro's Herpi-
cide. CharleB Klein of I^irnmte, "Wjo.,
pays: "Herpicide allayed the Itchlm;,
cured the. dandruff and stopped my hair's
fnlllnfr out: and it Is hrlnglnsr a new cron.
of hair." Herpicide Is free from crease or
dangerous drugs, nnd makes hair Rlossy.
and soft as silk. One bottle will convince
you of Its merits.
and Sucessf ul Dandruff Treatment.
In "Herpicide" the New Scientific
NO ¦ GREASE OR DANGEROUS
DRUGS
"A>TD STILIj THEY'RE FLOCKING TO
SEE IT."
EVENINGS AT S.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
ANOTBtR TOY SUUYfiMK MATINEE ca
SATURDAY, June 22d, at 2.
THE
JULY 1— "BABES IX THE "WOODS."
POPULAR PRICES , 25o and Ms
. Telephone— Bush 9l
vUkUlWiJEsl/R IEMTKEATHE
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATIMEE SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON .
Last Times Here of the Great Succeo,
''HEARTSEASE."
Limited Engagement Beginning Xext
Monday Night.
ESH-UNDER2FLAGS
By Arrangement XV»lth DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's 5- Act Drama on OuMVs Novel
The Entire N. T. Scenery and C<v— 159 Peopls.
Inelnding BLANCHE BATES «s"C1ft-r«tto'»
' SEAT SALE OPENS THIS MOR.NINO.
flLVH EAT R E^l>
LAST NIGHTS.
ONLY MATINEE. SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA
ORCHESTRA. FIRST SIX ROWS, J3c.
6EATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK!
FLORENCE ROSERTS'*
SAFHO.
CHUTES and ZOO
Special To-Night.
THE AMATEURS
LADIES' HEAVY-WEIGHT
LIFTING CONTEST. <
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
JULY A-+ i
BEFORE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CX.UB.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS., 2 P. M..
JACK MOFFAT of Chicago vs.
GEORGE GARDNER cf Boston.
" FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT-^-
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL IN BILL of San Francisco vs.
CHARLES (Dutch) THURSTON.
TWENTY. ROUNDS EACH.
ADVEBTISEMENTS
Leotll-ji business College o? the West,
24 Post I St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write -for SO-page catalogue (free).
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution; thirty-sixth year; fall
t»rm opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. O.. Cal.
MISS JVL- G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal. .
Lessons personallyor by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "beet teachers, best system."
Military • Drill. Christmas Term Begins
August Hth.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK Principal.
THFV -HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
_."'- v SAN. RAFAEL. CAL.
CALIFORNIA BUSINECS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCIIOOI*" r
Progressive, "exceedingly ¦ thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
305 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue. '
¦R. t! DURHAM. President ""
PERFECT
Used by peoplo of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Dr. Lyon's
Stop' Dinrrhne nnd Stomach Cramps,
Pr. SIecer'8 Genuine " Imported Angostura
Bitters. ('¦ .. "•;¦ ' . v*
; ST. MATTHEW;S: MILITARY SCHOOL.
SAN- MATEO. CAL. .The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. j. For, catalogue • and . illustrate
Circular address Rev. .WILLIAM A. BHEWKR.
A. B.. Rector, and Head Master.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2128 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the. universities. .The
next session will, begin Auk. 5. - For illustrated
eataloKue. address the. principal. ' ¦ ¦¦- \
; REV." EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. ,
HOTEL**
Visitors "to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at theso hotel* en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirablo loca-
tion, courteous attacnw and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plan*.
»GRAND HOTEL-
SOAP DIGNITY.
ige-vrjT IS easy to find a pure soap: it is easy
fop to find a cheap one. The problem is
I^^Ilto find both combined; a soap that is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is tne best
solution of that problem. It is an original
product, evolved after years of experiment and
i research. It is the most of pure soap for
the least money. It stands approved to-day
by a second generation of Ivory Soap users*
\ Now!?
\ Fill the bottlei with HIRES. /
\ Drink It now. Every class- /
\ ful eontrlbates to good /•
\ health. Purifies /
\ the blood, clears /
\ tbe complexion, /
\ makes roey /
\ chects-M&ke /
\ it tX home. / r u ai> u.
• callow V / Charles
25 cent*. \* -/ fc. nires
AS. Jl Compcny,
/jEgr - Malvern,
RoQtbeer 1
ADVESTISEMENTS.
AMTJSEUENTS.Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $186%
Sterling Exchange, sight .:.; -'— \V 4 S9
Sterling cables - : : . . v. .. — 4 80 : '-
New York Exchange, sight.: — ;: 12Y<
New York Exchange,; telegraph.. — 15 .
Silver, per ounce ...;...'.......'... — ' , >69^>
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ .49>4' @ 50 "
Whcat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The markets everywhere were fea-
LOCAL MARKETS.
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Bowen. Los Ang
J P Bowman. Cres Cy
C F Banner, Fresno
A C Eisen, Fresno
G H Blxby. L*s Ang
G H Stewart, L Ang
J W Churchill. Yreka
J L. Crew. Philadelphia
J F Daly. Eureka
O G Gillett. Eureka
M Schaoor & w. Mex
Ella M Chaffee, 111
Minnie A ChafTee 111
Anna 11 Reed. Lkiah
Mrs C L Lang.Big Oak
G E Du Coe, N Y
J Rummelsbersr. \vntrs
H Weil. Jackson
J Well. Sacramento
A E Smugga & w.Mich
H J Connor, Pa
F B Pattee, Valley Sp
J H Batcher. Sacto
G Easton. Nevada
J Greon. Nevada
J T Fennessey & ».
Eureka
F-Par!ser. Sacramento
T Brown. Sacramento I
R R Dyer. San Jo»«
E A Wilcox. San Jews
J Knoblock & family,
Salt Lake
D A Moulton. Sacto
A E Nutt. San Diego
M Cronan, Sacto
A B Goss. San Jose
J H Ullmann, Cbgo
J Klein, Chicago
B P Barker. Livermor*
E L Van Cleech. Cal
D Patton, Napa
E H Hoar. Merced
F V Flint. Sacto
W H Ware Jr. Ohio
L R Fanelier, Syra
cuse. N Y
P Curtiz. Loope
H W Fester. Colo Spr
E W Sheet?, Chicago
G W Barry, Chgo
M H Rionsdon, R I.
P W Breen. King City
J Mathexvson, King Cy
A C Burton. William
P W Green.' Holllster
A C Burton. Willows
J D Bradley. Merced
PALACE HOTEL
A E Burnett. NT
S Baum & w, Portland,
C Kretchner. NY
Mars* Wilson. Cres Cy
A F Dermot. Arizona
A Lindstrom. Arizona
A Klmberly. Conn
E Thomas. St Louis
C A Canneld, Los Ang
H Roberts. Keswick
W N Ward. NY
\V Jones & w. Tacoma
I Hauser, Cincinnati
M Moloney, St Joseyb
J Williams, Ky
Mrs Pratt. Bryan Cy
'.V.Shaw &. w. Bryan C
VI Mar:, Chicago
Miss Marx. Chicago
M Newlm & w, Coron
W B Devereux. Cal
H llarkoit. Germany
H J Small. Sacto
F Miller. Sacto
E Bradley. PortervllV
T Flint Jr. San Juan
H Johnson, Denver
J Hecksher, NY
Capt Lydig. N Y
E Von H<?pe. N Y
S F Lusk. N Y
\V Houston Aw. NT
H Anderson, Ben Lmd
J H Gibbons N T
T t> Con*. Stockton
F Bouring. Liverpool
W Holmes. Hex City
J Challenger & w. Phi
J Challenger. Phlladel
Rev Hardy. Dublin
J Un<torwoo<l. Chicago
B Wyrick & w. Chicgo
A Levlnsky. Stockton
J Graljam, San Jos«>
E Hale & w, Sacto
J Harmnn. Sacto
H Morehouse. San Jse
H H Osbom. Chicago
P Frapsrer. German/
H F Bassctt. Menlo
A Hcrzoff. Cincinnati
Miss Rumley. Butte
J Churchill & w Trka
C Wllhtlm Rdng. P»
W B Cline. L03 An*
8 F Youns. Penn
Miss Barrett, 8 A
Chicago Grain Market.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope with dense fog along the coast
north of Point Conception. Light rain is re
ported from Northern Nevada and a-thunder-
Fterm from Carson City.
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
and fallen over the southern plateau and Rocky
Mountain regions.
The temperature has fallen over the western
portions of Oregon and Washington. Elsewhere
the changes have been slight. In the great val
leys of California the temperatures are about
normal. .
Forecast made at San Fracisco for thirty
hcuis ending midnight. June 20, 1901.
Northern California— Cloudy and foggy along
the coast; partly cloudy m the Interior Thurs
day; light westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
¦west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, with showers Thursday;
fresh northwest wind.
Utah— Cloudy, probably with showers Thurs
day; light northwest wind.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday; light south-,
west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday,
¦with dense fog In the morning and at night;
fresh westerly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Temporarily in Charge.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Fine growing weather
and lower cables were the features in the
wheat situation that appeared to make the
most impression on the local operators at the
stai;t and there was exhibited a general dis
position to sell. On covering of a line of
shorts by^a local operator the^ crowd followed
the leadi causing a 1 fair upturp, but the ad
vance was not well maintained. Toward the
close there was a good cash and export de
mand, which gave encouragement to the bulls
Rains in the Southwest, where harvesting is in
full "swing, caused some timidity among the
shorts. September opened %c lower at 68%c to
68%c and, after going to 69@69%c. closed a
shade lower at 68%c.
Business in the corn pit was moderately ac
tive, with buyers largely, in the majority dur
ing the greater part of the day. Country of
ferings continue very | small and this fact,
combined with light receipts, was responsible
for the strength apparent during most of the
session. September opened unchanged at 44%c
to 44%c and on fair demand by local shorts
the price advanced to 45c. The market sagged
toward the close at 44%@44%c.
Light receipts and more or less' talk of pos
sible manipulation of July had as much to do
with the firmness in oats as anything. Sep
tember was the strongest feature, and the
greater part of the day's business was done
in that delivery. There was continued active
buying by the Interests, which supported the
market yesterday. • September opened un
changed a shade higher at 26%@26%c. ' The
price was bid ' up to 26%c by local longs and
later by shorts, but afterward receded slightly
t closing %c higher at 26%c. Local receipts were
126 cars. • . • .
Provisions were steady and the market was
quite dull with rather an . easy undertone
There was less demand for September, which
resulted in a little setback for the whole ll»t
Outside longs were disposed to take profits
and local packers were also moderate sellers'
September pork closed at a loss of 10c - Lard
closed 2%@5c lower, at $8 75@8 77%. Ribs
fairly steady; closed B@7%c lower at $8 15.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— - Open. Hlgd. Low.' Close '
Wheat No. *-¦ . - - ¦¦
June 69% - 63% 69% 69K
July .63% 70 69% 69T4
September 68% ' 69% 68% 6S4l
Corn No.. 2—-. - . -
June a ....• .... 43%
July ................ 43% 44% 43%. 43T4
September 44% 45 '. 44% : 44«
December .......... 41H 41% 41 41U
Oats No. 2— • "¦ . .¦¦'••
May.;... 28% ... 29% ,' : : 28% ' 29%
July....... 2S% 28% 28% -28%
September _ 26% . , 26% . .26% . .26%
Mess Pork, . per barrel^
July 14 S7%~14 *7%".14 SO -;-. 14 SO
September ...15 02% 15 07% 14 97%. 14 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds — .'• \
July 8 70 .8 70 8 65 8 70
September '8 80' 8 80 . ; 8 72% '8 77%
October ............ 8 77% -.8 80 " . 8 72% 8 75
- Short Ribs, » per 100 pounds — - "V*«-.3>fr«ij*>«£.j
July. .......... :. 8 07% 8 C7V. : .8 07% S 07%
September. ......:.. 8 17% 8 20 "<vr8.15 : 8 15 '
Cash* quotations were as follows: • Flour.'
quiet, barely . steady; No. 2 1 spring wheat. i70@
72%c: No. 3 soring, 65i369c: No. - 2 red.- 71(g'72c-
No. 2 corn. 43«f43%c; No.' 2 yellow. • 43%@43%c:
No. 2 oats. 26%c; No. 3 white. 29®30%c; No. 2
ICEW TORK, June 13.— The decided activity
In to-day's stock market reflected doubts and
hesitation in the speculative mind. The many
end various fluctuations seemed to represent
cs much as anything the efforts of professional
traders to discover the actual condition of the
market by a testing process. There was un
doubtedly a considerable amount of speculative
manipulation, but th« professional brokers also
had theii» share in the weakness of the market.
os was quite conclusively shown by the sub
stantial rally late in the day when they began
to lock for etocks to ccver their short contracts
tnd found a limited supply. The late rally was
achieved, however, en a light volume of deal
ings, the bidding up process by the profession
el bulls against the efforts of the bears to cov
er having Its share in the movement. It will
tx> seen that a large proportion of the trading
¦was congested in a few stocks, "which also
6howed the widest price fluctuations. Bt. Paul
was conspicuous In this class and the appre
hension that much 'of the recent rumors regard
ing developments in (hat stock wax purely con
ieoturaJ had much to do not only with the
movement but with the generally unsettled tone
of the trading. There wa B seemingly good au
thority cited to-day for assertions that it was
not contemplated at oil to affect any actual
absorption or legal passage of .control of St.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.157; exports. 4520 barrels; quiet and easier,
except on spring bakers. Minnesota patents,
$3 S0@4 10. ' ' .
WHEAT— Receipts. 33,600; exports, 96,931. Spot,
weak; No. 2 red, 77%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red,
76c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77%c; No.
1 hard Duluth, S4%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were generally weak all day under renewed
liquidation, declines abroad, bearish home
crop news, light export demand and short sell
ing. A number of small rallies took place on
covering and Southwest buying, but the close
was nevertheless easy at %@%c net decline.
July. . 76%@76%c. closed 76%c; September,
73 15-16@74%c. closed 74%c; October, 74%@74=ic
closed 74%c; December, 75%@75 15-16c, closed
75%C. ' -, :-.;,_"..
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice. 1900
crop, 16@18c; 1899 crop. 10® 13c; old olds. 2®6c;
Pacific ' Coast. 1900 crop, 16@18%c; 1899 crop
ll@15c: old olds. 2@6c. .
.. HIDES— Steady. . , i .
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 invoice.
6c; mild Cordova. 8<&12%c. Futures closed
quiet, net 5 points higher to 5 points lower.
Total sales, 6750 bags, including July at 5.05c,
September 5.20@5.25c, December 5.45©5.50c,
May 5.70c. ' . '
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%e; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c; re
fined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,905 packages; firm;
creamery, 15@19%c; factory, 12%@14%c. ¦
EGGS— Receipts, 14,185 packages; firm; West
ern ungraded, Il(gl2%c; Western candled,' 13@
13J£c.
Dried Fruits in New York.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Choice and fancy
grades of evaporated apples received the most
attention to-day and considerable business was
executed in those grades at steady prices, but
otherwise the market was quite featureless
Common State Good, 3@5%c; prime, 5%@5%c :
choice, 6@6%c; fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits ruled Inactive
PRUNES— 2%@6%c, as to size and quality. r
APRICOTS— Royal. 8<S)2c; Moorpark, 7%<612c.
PEACHES-'-Peeled. lf@lgc; unpeeled, 6@10c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 19.— The market opened
unchanged to 4 points higher. The market
worked within a narrow rut and closed quiet
and steady, net unchanged to 5 points lower. -
New York Grain and Produce.
Wai! Street Outlook.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"As to the immediate course of prices it
should not be forgotten that they are already
very high; some stocks have soared to dizzy
heights and are better left alone by the un
wary. On the other hand it must be admitted
there are few bearish elements in the situa
tion; in fact, almost none, except the high
prices of certain stocks and the possibility of
friction developing in some of the big deals
now under way. which would precipitate sharp
reactions, the Northern Pacific slump being
etill a smarting reminder. With easy money.
July disbursements, good crops, large railroad
earnings and good general business in sight.'
there is every prospect that the market will
gradually harden and Improve if left to itself.
What it will do under manipulation remains
to be seen. The speculative spirit is abroad
end is likely to follow any good lead until some
eccident or reaching the exhaustion point in
duces a setback. Easy money Is likely to pre
vail until the crop demand begins in August
La>t week's drop in the bank reserves was a
eurprise. but as this was due to transfers con
nected with important stock deals lt exerted
only temporary effect. In all the principal
money markets of Europe easy rates prevail,
8* illustrated by the reduction of the Bank of
Kngland rate to 3 per cent, and with Increasing
supplies of gold from the Klondike and the
Transvaal In addition to other liberal supplies
there is little prospect of any Immediate strin
gency. The June Government crop report indi
cated a heavy wheat crop in Eight with the
possibility of beating the record. Some esti
mates went ae high as 6S3 millions and others
670 mtUions. Last year we had a crop of only
E2Z millions, bo that we are comparatively sure
of ar.cther year of prosperity for the farmers
end the railroads, with a liberal margin for
later damage from weather conditions. The
wonderful demand for iron and steel has car
ried us into a new record for their manufacture,
which is now going on at a rate of over 300,000
tens per week In excess of last year's great
output. And in the face of this stocks at fur
naces show a decrease. Railroad earnings con
tinue to make very handsome gains; hence con
fidence m railroad securities is well maintained,
even at present high' prices. The latter are.
us every one knows, very largely due to the
great consolidation movement which is rapidly
placing our railroads in the control of a few
m«m and insuring more stable conditions of
ra!!rosd management. Speculative operators
&re. of course, using this leverage on the mar
ket for all it Is worth, and while stocks are so
largely concentrated in strong hands as at
present, their" ability to lift prices is unusual.
It thould be remembered, however, that the big
mer. have 6tocks to sell, and that as heretofore
they will lessen their holdings on a rising mar
ket. This transfer of stocks from strong hands
to weaker ones is the danger point that must
be watched, and we are constantly drawing
nearer to it."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. June 19. 1901—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58, Mount Tarr.alpais 67. San Luis
Obispo €S. Red Bluff 90, Fresno SS. Los Angeles
70, Sacramento 72, Independence S6, San Diego
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
66; mlnimusi, 51; mean, 54.
Paul or any interchange of the stock for new
bids. The absorption of a part of St. Paul
by other rival interests may go far toward con
cerning the safety of the general railroad situ
ation, but a question arises as to the increase
that would result ¦ in the investment value of
St. Paul stock itself.' The absorption of large
amounts of stock puts it in a technical posi
tion to be easily manipulated, owing to the
large reduction in the • floating ¦ supply and
the plausibility given to rumors regarding the
plans of the .- stock. The extreme decline in
the afternoon reached 2% below last night.
Union Pacific moved in sympathy. The j ex
ports of gold - announced ..to-day .reached
only $1,230,000, leaving the week s ship
ments below $5,0O0,C00. * a •, further out
go is not looked for. The recogni
tion of this. fact has something to do with the
later rally of the stock market. The violent
slump in Colorado Fuel of 17 points and a sym
pathetic reaction in Tennessee Coal of 4% under
last night- were due to doubts cast upon recent
assertions that the ' company would be . ab
toibed by the. United States Steel Corporation.
St. Louis and San Francisco rose 3% over last
night late rn the day, apparently as a result
of the rights offered to stockholders in consid
eration of subscription to a cash fund. A num
ber of industrials, including American Tobacco,
gave evidence of strength without any exhibi
tion. *
The bond market was quite heavy and irreg
ular. Total sales, par value, 1,365,000. '
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
29.100 Atchlson 88%
17.700 Atchison prefd ..105%
3.100 Baltimore & Ohio 108%
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd... 94%
400 Canadian Pacific. 103%
600 Canada Southern '. 70%
4.200 Chesapeake & Ohio 49%
2,200 Chicago & Alton 45%
700 Chicago & Alton prefd 79
500 Chicago. Bur & Quincy 196%
Chicago, Ind&. Louis 38%
100 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
4,209 Chicago & Great Western 24%
1 200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 88
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 33
Chicago & Northwestern 200
6.100 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 170
800 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23
400 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 43%
300 C, C, C & St Louis.... 85
2,100 Colorado Southern :.. 15
SOD Colorado Southern 1st prefd 61
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 62%
100 Delaware & Hudson.. 167
100 Delaware, Lacka wanna & West 238%
200 Denver & Rio Grande.... ,... 51%
1,400 Denver & R4o Grande- prefd 99%
9,400 Erie 43%
6,100 Erie 1st prefd..... 71
500 Erie 2d prefd.. 57%
Great Northern prefd ......187%
Hocking Valley- 55
Hocking Valley prefd 78%
6,100 Illinois Central ......147%
3,100 Iowa Central 37%
1,100 Iowa Central prefd 66%
Lake Erie & Western.. 57
Lake Erie & .Western prefd 120
9,100 Louisville & Nashville 110
7,500 Manhattan L..,.. : 122%
3,100 ' Metropolitan St Ry 173%
3,600 Mexican Central 29%
500. Mexican National 11
6,900 Minneapolis & St Louis 104%
12,100 Missouri Pacific 120%
600t Missouri. Kansas & Texas 31
1,500 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63%
100 New Jersey Central 160
1,400 New York Central 156
200 Norfolk & Western 53
¦ Norfolk & Western prefd.. 89
Northern Pacific 120
200 Northern Pacific prefd 97%
1,100 Ontario & Western 37%
18.100 Pennsylvania 151%
9.000 Reading 47
8,800 Reading 1st prefd i 29%
2.200 Reading 2d prefd ...-. 57%
31,200 St Louis & San Francisco 63%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 85.
1,100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 78
700 St Louis Southwestern.. 34%
1.500 St Louis Southwestern prefd 68%
56,100 St. Paul 178%
300 St Paul prefd 191%
22.IO0 Southern Pacific 69%
6,500 Southern Railway 33%
2,500 Southern Railway prefd 87%
4,900 Texas and Pacific 4«!%
200 Toledo, St Louis & West 22%
500 Toledo. St Louis & West prefd 36%
54,700 Union Pacific 111%
400 Union Pacific prefd ....90%
6.100 Wabash 22%
4,900 Wabash prefd '. 42%
800 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 33
4,200 Wisconsin Central 24%
600 Wisconsin Central prefd 46%
P C C & St Louis 75
Express Companies —
100 Adams '. ........175
American 199
United States 91
Wells Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
46,800 Amalgamated Copper ...126%
2,100 American Car & Foundry 32% !
2,200 American Car & Foundry prefd 87%
1,000 American Linseed Oil ; 22
3M> American Linseed Oil prefd 49
4.600 American Smelting & Ref 56%
2,900 American Smelting & Ref prefd 103
14,?00 American Tobacco .s 139%
9,100 Anaconda Mlninng Co...... 50%
16,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
8.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 114%
1.200 Consolidated Gas 221%
1,400. Continental Tobacco 68%
500, Continental Tobacco prefd 118%
500' General Electric 248
2,100 Glucose Sugar '.. 61%
1.200 Hocking Coal 22%
200 International Paper 23%
International Paper prefd 77%
1,200 International Power 97V4
: Laclede Gas : '5414
200 National Biscuit 45%
S00 National Lead 23%
200 National Salt : 44^4
National Salt prefd 77%
3,100 North American. 104
200 Pacific Coast 7214
600 Pacific Mall 41'
7,200 People's Gas ." 118% v
Pressed Steel Car 44(4
400 Preeted Steel Car prefd :... g6
: Pullman Palace Car 208
9,100 Republic Steel 22
1,600 Republic Steel prefd 7514
8.MX) Sugar 14314
18,500 Tennessee Coal & Iron.....;...,.. 68%
1,200 Union Bag &- Paper Co .........'. 17%
100 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 731,!.
1,700 United States Leather i3«
1,600 United States Leather prefd 78%
400 United States Rubber 20V4
400 United States Rubber prefd........ 61
42,200 United States Steel 49
10,500 United States Steel prefd. 9g%
1,600 Western Union 955I
722,200 Shares sold. d<'~^'> i " '¦ ' '
CLOSING BONDS
L S ref 2s reg.....lO6% N Y Cent lets.. 1 ... ,107%
U S ref 2s coup... .107 N J Centgen 5S....132H
U S 3s reg 108% N Pacific 3s 72H
U S ?a coup 108% N Pacific 4s..... ...105%
US new 4s reg.:..13S\ N: Y C & S L 4s.l07>4
h S new 4s coup. .138% N & W.con 4s 102%
U S old 4s reg....m% Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s coup..ll3% Or Nav 4s.. ........103 ••
U.S 5s reg.: 108% Or Short Line 6s.. .130
U S 5s coup 108% Or S Line con 6s.. 121
DIst of Col 3.65s.. .126 Reading Gen 4s 9S»i
Atchison gen 4s.. ..104% R G Western lsts.. 103
Atchlson adj 4s.... 98% S L & I-M con Rs.117%
"anada So 2ds 109^ S L & S F gen 6s.l36Vi
Ches & Ohio 4»/48...108% St Paul cons.......lS7
Ches & Ohio 5s 119i> S P O & P lSts....llS
C & NW con 7s... 142% S P C & P 5s.-..?.. 120
C & NW SFdeb5s.l?2 . So Pr.clflc 4s 63%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 9<5% So Railway 5s.... ..119
Colo Southern 4s... S9% Stand R & T 6s... 62
D& R G 48.... 104 Tex & Pac lRts.....U8%
Erie General 4s..... 90% Tex & Pac 2ds...; 99
F.W & D.C lsts... 107 Union Pacific 4s... 106%
Gen Electric 5s... .155% Wabash lsts ....t.119
Iowa Central lEts..H6 Wabash 2ds .'... ..'.. 112%
L & N:Unl 4s. ....104 West Shore 4».'..~... 115
M K,& T 2<J» "86»i Wla Cent 4s.:...... 9>
M K & T 4s 99 'Va Centuries.......; 96%
NEW YORK, June 19.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Peaches— Alexanders,
70c@*l 25 box. , Apricots— Royals, 90c@$l 50.
Plums— Clymans, : 90c@$l 30. Prunes.— Tragedy,
$l@190.
'. Porter Bros. Company sales: Peaches—Alex
ander, 75c@$l 10; Garland, 93c; Hales," 95c.
Apricots— Royal, $1@1 25; Montgamet, $1 10®
135. Plums— Clymans, . $1@1 25; Royal Hatlve,
95c@'$l 05; Burbank, $1 30@2 30;- Red June, $1 25
@3 50; St Catherines, 95c@$l; California Red,
$1 05; Peach Plums, $1 60@l 75; Climax, $1 60
@2 35; Abundance, $1 15@1 40; Hattonkln, $1 30
6>1 35; Japan, 90c; Yosabe, $1 10@l 25. Prunes-
Tragedy, $1 15@2 15; Slmonis, $1 05@l 40. /Pears
—Wilde, $150 half boxes; Clapps Favorite,
$1 50 half boxes. Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 35
@3 40; Tartarians, 35c@$2 75; Republican, $170;
Bigarreau. 35c@$2 30; Eagle, 60c@$l 60; Cen
tennial, $140@-2 05; Spanish, $130; Bin.gr, -$180;
assorted, $1 80. Nine cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: cherries— Tartarians,
60c@$l 65; Royal Anne, $1 05@l 85; Republicans,
95c#$l 55; Bigarreau, $1 05@l 55. Plums— Yosabe,
$1 15@1 30; Royal Hative, | 90c; Japan, $1 20;
Burbanks. $1 20@l 25; Abundance, $1@1 15; Cly
mans,' 90c@$l- 15. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 65@$2 , 05
box. ¦ Apricots— Peach, $1 40@l 45; -Montgamet,
$1 35@2; Royal, $1 30@l 45. Peaches—Alexan
'ders, 50@95c;Brlggs May, S5c
¦ Earl Fruit Company sales: Peaches—Alex
anders. 80c box. Apricots— Royals, $1 15@1 35.
Plums— Clymans, 85c@$l. Six cars fruit sold
to-day. •
•BOSTON, June 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices:. Apricots— Royals.r
single crates, 750®$! 25, average $1 15. Peaches
—Alexanders, single crates, 7oc@$l 25, average
89c; Alexanders, boxes, 75c@$l 15j average, 97c.
Pears— Kounce, boxes, average 83c. Plums—
Clymans, single crates, 90cffi$l 25, average $1 02.
Three cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
PHILADELPHIA, June 19,— The | Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day realized prices as 'follows: Peaches-
Alexanders, boxes, average 95c: .Hales Early,
boxes, average 95c. Plums — Clymans, single
crates, average 75c. Four cars sold to-day.
Favorable weather. . ¦•
PITTSBURG, Jurfe 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Apricots-
Royals, single crates, $1 15@1 20. average $1 16.
Peaches— Alexanders, single crates, average
95c; Alexanders, boxes, S5c(g95c, average- 89c.
Plums— Clymans, 15@90c, average 71c. One car
sold to-day. Weather favorable.
Boston Wool Market.
\ BOSTON," June 19.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: • '
There- is a steady fair average business in
progress in the wool market with the tendency.
If anything, toward an Improvement. Some
houses report the trade as very quiet, but others
note an increase in the inquiry with quite an
amount of wool moving. Consumers are buying
wools only as they need them and cannot be
Induced to do otherwise, but it Is believed that
their needs are steadily but surely becoming
greater with the improvement In the goods sit
uation and as the opening of the light-weight
season draws ' nearer they will naturally be
more liberal purchasers of wool. As yet there
has been no advance in prices and any attempt
to secure an advance usually, puts a stop to
business. Medium and low wools are still bell
ing at low figures, but fine wools continue very
steady and are fully as firm as previously
noted. . • ,
Territory wools are selling at practically the
same prices as those previously noted— 40@42c.
In Oregon large sales have been made
within the past two weeks. At Pendleton
about half - a million' pounds were sold
In ; cue week, at prices - ranging f rom , 8®10^ic
per pound. At The ¦'• Dalles large sales are
reported as having been made to Boston par
ties In the past- week. The sales of the week
In Boston amounted to 2,182,000 pounds domestic
and 300,000 pounds foreign, making a total of
3,182.000 pounds. . against a total of 3.305,000
pounds for the previous week, and a total . of
1,484,000 pounds for the corresponding week of
last year. .
The sales since January 1 amount to 101,399,900
pounds, against 66,731,000 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year. • *
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May 19.— Events of a startling
nature were decidedly lacking in metal circles
to-day. The usual . sales movement occurred
In order to meet the Immediate wants of con
sumers, but otherwise the market was feature
less, except for a sympathetic rise with tin in
London, whre values advanced 17s 6d on spot
to £128 10s, but futures closed unchanged at
£123. The local market ruled firm at $2S 15#
28 35. ' -
Copper was a little . higher to-day abroad,
closing firm in tone at £69 Is 3d, and futures
at £69 10s Id. Here the market for copper was
nominally unchanged. Lead ruled quite fea
tureless all day, closing at $4 37%. In Lon
don values advanced 3s 3d, closing with spot
quoted at £12 7s 6d. Spelter, on the other
hand, was 2s 6d lower at £17. 7s 6d, while here
it. was unchanged at $3 95@4. • American Iron
markets were quiet and ruled at old- prices.
Pigiron warrants, $9 50@10;" Northern foundry,
$14 25@15; Southern foundry, $.13 75@15 25, and
eoft Southern $12 75@15 25.,
Chicago Livestock Market.
(CHICAGO. June 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
14,000. including 500 Texans. Choice steers 10c
higher,' others weak, i Butchers' stock about
steady. . Texans steady to strong; good to
prime steers, $5 bO@6 25; poor to medium, $4 50
@B 40 ;• stockers and feeders, slow, $2 90@4 90;
cows. $2 70@4 90; heifers, $2 75@5; canners, $2 50
©2 65. bulls, $2 60@4 50; calves, steady, $4 15@
6 50; Texas fed steers, $4 25<gi5 40; Texas grass
Etecrs. $3 &5<@A 15; Texas bulls, $2 75@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 34,000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, estimated, 8000. Opened 5c
higher, clcsed about steady; top, $8 20.- Mixed
and butchers'. $5 S0@6 17%:. good to choice
heavy $5 95@6 20; rough heavy, $5 80@5 90;
light, $5 75ig« 17%; bulk of sales, $5 9o@S 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000. Steady to strong.
Lambs opened 6hade higher, closed weak;
spring lambs/ lower. Good to choice wethers.
$3 95<g4 30; fair to choice mixed. $3 60<j?4; "West
ern sheep, $4@4 30; Texas sheep. $4@4 50; native
lambs, spring up to $5 75, $4@5 75; Western
lambs, $d@5 25.
Portland's Business.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, June 19.— Clearings, $342,333; bal
ances, $33,299. '
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, June 19.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 69c.
' TACOMA, June 19.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 61c; club, 59c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June . 19.— Consols, 93%. Sliver,
27%d. ; French rentes, lOOf 25c@100f 20c. Cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; .cargoes ¦ No. 1
Standard ' California, 29s 4%d ; V cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s: English country markets; dull. •
• LIVERPOOL, June 19.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California,* 6s 6V£d; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, dull; weather in England,
COTTON— Uplands 4 2 i-32d.
LIVERPOOL, June 19.— W r HEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, os lOd; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s'10d;<No. 1 California, 6s. Futures-
Steady; July, 5s 6V4d: September, 5s 6%d. • : .
CORN — Spat American mixed new, firm. 3s
ll%d; do mixed old, quiet, 4s 2%d. Futures-
Steady; July, 3s ll%d; September, 3s i%A;:Oc
tober, 4s %d.
California Fruit . Sales.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
New red Oats appeared. Corn and Rye neglected.
Hay easy at unchanged Quotations.
Beans and Seeds still dull.
Potatoes firm, Onions steady and Vegetables plentiful.
Eastern Eggs slightly higher. * Local Eggs.unchangcd.
Butter and Cheese continue in liberal supply:
Poultry market well stocked and quiet.-
Canners buying Apricots and Plums.
Dried fruits dull and. nominal. .
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hops about cleaned up in all coast sections.
Previous prices rule for Meats.
Turpentine marked up.
Cumberland Coal slightly higher.
Gas stocks lively on the Bond Exchange. ; •
' MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ........ 15 Little Chief .......: 13
Alice .:..... 43 Ontario .............8 75
Breece 1 55 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con ... 16 Phoenix 13
Comstock Tunnel... 5% Potosl .:;.:........... 07
on . c al & Va 2 00 Savage :.... 05
Deadwood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada ..15
"5™ S . Uver ...125 Small HoDes 35
? "* ,! ve £ •••• 59 Standard .:.... 3 65
Leadville Con .... 04
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— v . ',{'¦. - West End ...... :'„. Sty*
_CalI loans 3 3% Westinghouse El.. 68
Time loans 3U@4}£ - Bonds—
. s t°eks— :. ., Atchison 4a. ........103%
& S F. 88 t N E Gas&Coke 5s. 56&
A. T & S F prefd..lO5% Mining Shares-.
American Sugar.. .143 Adventure :.... 17,
Am Sugar prefd... 122 Bingham Min Co.. 21%
Am Telephone...... 153 Amalg Copper..... .126%
Boston. & Albany.. 254 Atlantic 34
Boston Elevated... 177 Boston & Mont... .494
Boston & Maine.. .193 Butte & Boston... .123
Chgo, Bur & Q....196M Calumet & Hecla-.815
Dominion Coal 42% Centennial ......... 29%
Dom Coal prefd...H4 Franklin .....17
US Steel..... 49 Humboldt .......... 25
US Steel prefd... 98% Osceola ...88
Fltchburg prefd ..1« - Parrot !; 54V6
General; Electric. ;247 Quincy 150
N E Gai & Coke.. 7 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Old Colony ;..2O8 Tamarack 335
Old Dominion ..... 31% Utah Mining ...... zm
Rupber, 20% Winona ....?>....... 2%
Union Pacific 111% Wolverines......... 57
CLOSING.
/London Market.
NEW. YORK, June 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London • financial cablegram eays:
The stock- market, to-day was an Idle one,
with quotations dropping everywhere. Ameri
can issues are retrograded with the rest. Old
time conditions of stagnation were in evidence
after the first hour's feeble trading. The open-
Ing was weak on fears that the monetary con
ditions may develop some stringency. The
market held dull and Inert after the early
decline, with no fresh movement until late in
the afternoon, when New York purchases of
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, Union Pa
cific, Atchlson and United States Steel Cor
poration caused a "better finish.
LONDON, June 19.— Atchlson, 90%; Canadian
Pacific, 1C6; Union Pacific preferred, 93; North
ern Pacific : preferred, 100^4; Grand Trunk '11%;
Anaconda, 10%; bar silver steady, 27%d; money
l@l% percent.-. . - •
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 19.— Money on call, steady
at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 3& per cent; rul
ing rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile paper,
3%®4% per cent; sterling exchange -steady
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 88
for demand and $4 85% for Bixty days; posted
rates. $4 S6&@4 89; commercial bills $4 84%®
4 85; silver certificates, nominally 60c; bar sil
ver, 59%c; Mexican dollars, 47%c; State bonds,
inactive; Government bonds, steady; railroad
bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 19.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $169,891,789; gold. $95,637,008.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
rye,' 49%@51c; ' good feeding barley, 61@o3c:
mess pork per barrel, $14 «0@14 85; lard, per 100
pounds, : $S ,67%«?8 72hi : short-rib sides (loose),
$S©8 15; dry; salted shoulders (boxed), $7@7 -25;
shortrclear sides (boxed), $S 45@S 55-; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 27..' . ; '¦. -! -\ c , ..'
Articles—- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, .barrels ............... 33.000 . 16.000
Wheat, bushels-... 122,000 > o^-OOO
Corn, bushels -'..". .:.;... ...267, 000 3S6.000
Oats,, bushels ...............260,000 317,000
Rye. 'bushels ................ '4.000 - 1.000
Barley, bushels H.000 2 - <m
. On the ' Produce : Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 16%@19c; dairy,
Wi<Til6^c: Cheese,. quiet, 9@llc. Eggs, steady,
J°@ 12c - ¦
nanas. $1(S2 , per bunch for ' New Orleans and
$1@2 for Honolulu: Pineapples. $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for old crop and
7%@8V4c for new;> Evaporated Apples, 5^~@6c;
sun dried, l^@2%c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard, 4 t ,i@5 1 / 2C. fcr choice and 6<Q;6%c for fancy;
Pears,' 2®7c;' Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpltted. %©
l%c; Nectarines, 4®4%c for red and 4@3c for
white. '. . '-¦'¦.. ¦ - . - -.
¦ PRUNES— t sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6>ic; 50-60s, 4Vic;
60-703. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3V4c; SO-OOs, 2%c; 90-lOCs, 2%c;
lOO-KOs, lHc
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c per lb;
choice. 9%c; standard, S%c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%e ; . 2-crown, 6c:
-Pacific brand — 2-crown, Ec: 3-crown, 5%c. and
4-crown, o'/ic; seeded (Fresno prices), o^c:
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials. $3. All prices f.' o. b. at common ship
ping points nt California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, lipil^c;
No. 2, £@8%c;- No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2,
6%@7%c; Almonds. 13@14c for paper-shell 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c:
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. .
HONEY— Gomb, 10@llc for bright and 9®9^-;
for light amber; water white extracted, 5<35^c;
light amber extracted, 4@4V4c: dark, Z^c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The market shows no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,' 12c per. lb for heavy,
12'/4@13c for light medium, 13%c for light, H'^c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12*4<S13c; Mess Beef. $12
per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50: Family. $13 50;
prime Mess Pork; $15; extra clear, $23; Mess,
$19; Smoked Beef, 13&@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound'and 10V4c for pure: half -barrels, pure,
lOM-WKWo; 10-lb tins, ll@ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9«,c: three
half-barrels. 9Vic: one ¦tierce. 9Hc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
Dealers report stocks of all kinds of Hops
reduced to practically nothing. There 13 no
business in the new crop, as the growers re
fuse to contract and buyers are Indifferent.
• HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10^c; medium, 9@9&c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 8 1 ,i@9c for heavy and S@SUc for light;
Stags, 6»£c; Salted Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal,
9Vifil0c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16>4c:
Culls, 13V2@14c: Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 16%@
17c; Culls and Brands, 13@14c: Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool, SOigaOc
each; medium. 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l
each; Horse Hides, talt. $2 50@2 73 for large
and $2 25 for medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
$1 50 for' medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOAf— No. 1 rendered, 4Vs@4»£c per lb;
choice. 5c; No. 2. 3^@4c; grease. 2#2&c.
WOOL— Spring. 1000 or 1901— Humboldt and
Meridocino. 13@14Hc.per lb: Northern, free, 12©
13c; defective. 9®llc: Middle County, free. 10^
lie; do defective. S@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8(g9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c : Oregon Valley, fine.
14@15c; do, medium, and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9®llc;
Nevada, He. . '
HOPS— 15® 20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6»i@7c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7^@Sc; small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7(§8c; Ewes. 6 1 / 2®7c per
pounds.
LAMB — Spring. 8@9c per pound. *
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under, 6®6^4c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6c; 225 and over. 5%@5'Jgc; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs. 7«£<§9>£c.
General Merchandise. ,
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%c; local make. Vie less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 3O@34c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL— Cumberland is slightly higher. Wel
lington, $D per ton: Southfield Wellington. $3-
Seattle,' $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $3 50;
Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wallsend, $3; Cum
berland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks ;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain' descriptions, $3 45 per
2CC0 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
¦A circular for Australia «ays: "Since June
1 there ' have been the following deliveries of
Colonial coal, viz.:. Cardiganshire, 2109 tons;
Arracan, 3540; Spartan, 1932; Beaumonolr. 2203;
Toxteth. 3767; Lancing, 2304; total, 15.857 tons.
There are now due to arrive here from the
Colonies prior to August 1 four vessels carry
ing about 10.000 tons. The engaged list of coal
carriers from Australia, afloat and to load,
numbers only fourteen vessels with a carry
ing capacity of about 40,000 tons, whereas in
June of last year there were forty-four vesseU
engaged with a capacity of 116.C00 tons. This
is very strong evidence of how the coal business
has changed Its character and ha3 been forced
into the hands of our coast collieries, whence
our supplies are mainly drawn at present and
for many months past. Freights on coal from
Australia are declining and later on they may
be sufficiently reduced to meet our ruling mar
ket rates, but lt is improbable that the quan
tity offering will disturb present quotations.
Fuel oil is daily Increasing its sales, and at
prices that coal cannot meet. OH producers
have made a valuation for their output disre
garding cost ¦ of producing and distributing,
hence they find the contracts they have made
for future delivery are at absurdly low prices.
What should have proved a great acquisition
to the discoverers and producers will result in
very meager returns to the investors. The car
riers and consumers are the most benefited."
OILS— Linseed is higher. California Castor
Oil, in cases. No. 1, 75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed
Oil, in, barrels, boiled, 77c; raw, 75c; cases. 5c
more; Lard OH. extra winter strained, barrels,
80c; cases. Soc; Ghina Nut, 53@63c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot; Oil, barrels, 65c; cases, 70c;
Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale Oil. natural white,
37%@42 1 /4c per gallon; Fish OH, in barrels, 35c;
cases. 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk;
12'/4c; Pearl Oil. In cases. ISHc; Astral, 18%c;
Star, 18%c; Extra Star, 22&c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20^c; deodorized stove Gasoline, \n
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14e:
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
In cases, ! 26c.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at 58c per gallon
in cases and 52c indrums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. o.Soc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JOTE 19.
Flour, "qr sks.... 17,524 Sugar, eks 3,201
Wheat, ctls 2,980 Chicory, bbls ... 23
Barley, ctls ..... 5.710 Wine, gals 38,000
Oats, ctls 2,280 Brandy, gals 5,000
Corn, ctls 170 Quicksilver, flsks - 74
Potatoes, sks ... 3,160 Leather, rolls .. v 96
Onions, sks 251 Hides, No 613
Middlings, sks .. 640 Pelts, bdls 270
Bran, sks 3.5S0 Hay, tons 688
• OREGON.
Flour, qr. sks 4,064 [Potatoes, sks ... 121
Oats, ctls — ... 40lBran, sks 2,000
STOCK MARKET.
There was less excitement In the .Gas stocks
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
and Gas & Electric was weaker at $43@42. The
other stocks -were quiet and not materially
changed. .. . .
The oil stocks were in fair request, though
the rccindment of the 7^c dividend which Home
Oil was to have paid to-day had an unfavora
ble effect on i the market. The dividend was
rescinded because a large customer declined
to receive any more oil under the contract.
Gas & Electric was lively again In the after
noon, selling at $42@13 23. and Pacific Gas Im
provement sold at $44. There were sales of
Oceanic r.t $43@;O. ' . . ¦
• The -Yellow Jacket Company has levied an
assessment of 10c. •
Oil City Petroleum will pay a dividend of Uc
July 1.
The Ssn Francisco Savings Union will pay
a dividend at the rate. of 3 6-10 per annum on
term and 3 per. cent on ordinary deposits and
the German Saving3 and Loan Society one at
the rate of 3H per cent on all deposits July l
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 19-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid. Ask: Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..H3'4114Vi 43 qr cp (new).13S*il3tsi
4squar reg....ll2Vttll3Vi'33 quar coup..lCS%109%
Bay C P C 5s. 105 107 ¦Oceanic SS as. 103 103V>
Cal-st 5s.. — .118 ; -i- \ Omnibus R 6s. 127 — "
C C Water 5s. 103 V* 110 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2SM:133i>4 ! .Pk & C H~6s..lOS —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117 — . Pk & O R 6s. ..117 —
Geary-st 5s....— .4- . Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
II C & S 5&s.lO6«i -i- Sac E G R 5s. - —
Do os. .„ — 102J4 S F & SJV5S.120U —
Los Ang R 5s.ll4% — Sierra. Cal 6s.. — 110
L. A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 63
,Do gr.td 6s.. — 104 . (19C1) 113% —
• Do gntd 5S..103 — (1910) 114 — .
L A & Pac Ss.lOOU — . S P of A 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (19C5). Sar A. 108 10S%
tureless " yesterday and „ news, was meager.
Paris and Liverpool were weaker. . Chicago was
dull and weak, . and : those shorts that covered
on. Tuesday resold." 5 Crop conditions continued
very ! favorable. ...
¦This market was dull, 'easy and unchanged.
" Spot: Wheat— Shipping, 97^c; milling, $1@
1 02% per ctl.. ¦. - /-. -.¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
16,000 ctis, $1 01%. ; ; : ; ¦ •
Second Session— December-^OOO ctls,' $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$1 01%. .:..,- . ' ,"'.
Regular Afternoon Session— No sales. . _ .
BARLEY— The market dragged along at about
the same prices. There is a certain demand
for .old Barley, but- there is hardly any of
fering. : Old brewing and shipping would bring
as high as 82%@85c.
-. Feed, 71%@72%c for No. 1 and 70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— No
sales.
' Regular. Afternoon Session— December— 2000
ctls, 68tfc. V :> ¦.„ - x .. '
"OATS — Some new Red are reported sold at
$1 20. ' It . la rather early for this business.
Otherwise there is nothing new. White. $1 42»£
®\ 55; . Surprise, $1 50@l 65; Red, $1 33@1 45;
Black. $1 22%®1 32% per ctl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50: Eastern
Yellow, $1 27^@1 30; White. $130; mixed,
$1 27*. ... .
. RYE— 73@80c per ctl. 1
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl,
ex- warehouse. . . '• ...
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' .Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75®3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
®3. 1
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 7504; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina; $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 ?5@7 85;
In sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, ?S 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Occasional cars of choice new Wheat Hay
sell above the quotations, but such sales are
too few to quote. The general feeling in hay
is one of weakness.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton,
MIDDLINGS— $18 50@20 per ton,
jFEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50*317 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at, the mill. $23026; Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17®18; Corn Meal,
$28©'29; Cracked Corn, $28 50@/29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 50.
HAY— New, $8@10 for Wheat. ' $7 50@9 50 for
Wheat and Oat and $4@7 50 for Volunteer. Old
is quoted as follows: Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat
$11® 12 50; -Wheat and Oat. $10@12; Oat, $9®
1150; Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Bar
ley, nominal, per ton.
STRAW— 25@47^c per* bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are. dull and nominal and the Govern
ment contracts, so long expected, have not yet
materialized. . •{•
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45®2 60; Small White, $4 80
(?5; Large White, $1@4 20; Pink, $1 40<Sl 70-
Red, $3<S3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas. $S 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 5003; Canary, 3Vi@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape 2@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy,' 6% c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Old Oregon Burbanks' are firmly held for
seed. New Potatoes continue firm. There is
no particular change -in Onions.
Changes In Vegetables are slight. The mar
ket is well supplied and featureless. More
Green Peppers were recelvd from Stockton,
selling at 20@25c per lb. Some Bell Peppers
from Marysville sold at 35c.
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $3 75@-4-
New Red. 35@50c per sack; New Yellow 75®
$1 per ctl.
POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 30® 1 65 for Oregon-
New Potatoes. $1 25@1 85 for Burbanks; $1 40@
1 50 for Garnet Chiles and $1 25@1 40 for Early
Rose in boxes. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 25@63c per box-
Asparagus, $1 75(ffi2 25 'or ' large, $1 25ffil 50 per
box for No. 1 and J5c@$lfor No. 2; Green Peas
$1@1 50 per sack; String Beans, 2©4c- Cab
bage, 60@73c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los
Angeles, 50c@$l; from Winters. 70@85c- Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb: Car
rots, 25©35c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers
75c@$l per box; Winters, $1@1 15; Bay $1 50®2-
Garlic, 3@4c; Green Peppers. 20@35c per lb-
Egg Plant, 6@12%c per lb; Green Corn, $1@2
per sack; Summer Squash. 25@60c per box-
Bay do, 65c@$l.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues depressed under
too heavy supplies. There are a good many
old Hens and Ducks lying around.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@ 10c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1(3125-
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and
$4@5 for young; Hens, $3@4; young Roosters
$6@8: old Roosters, $3@3 50: Fryers. $4@5; Broil
ers, $3@4 for large and $1 75@2 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 23
@1 50 for Squabs: *
GAME— Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 30 for
Cottontail and 75c(g$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The only change was a fractional advance in
Eastern Eggs on the Dairy Exchange. Most
dealers quote a weaker Egg market with ac
cumulating supplies, though prices show no
decline. Receipts have increased since "the
recent advance.
The Cheese market continues ¦well supplied
and weak.
The situation In Butter remains precisely as
before. Dealers are storing ¦ the surplus to
keep from getting overstocked. The demand
is slack.
Receipts were 67,500 pounds and 497 tubs of
Butter, 1209 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 33,650 pounds of California Cheese and
10,000 -pounds Oregon Cheese. - ,
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17V4@18c per lb for fancy
and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16i4c' per lb.
• CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15@18^4c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@14%c pe'r. dozen. '
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c
store. 13c.' . - ,
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice. 7%c;
common, nominal ; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 15@16«£c per lb. .
EGGS— .
California Ranch— Selected white, 17^c;
mixed colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard
12%c ; seconds. .
Eastern— Standard, 14&c per dozen.
Deciditons and Citrus Fruits.
There is considerable , talk about . prices for
Peache3 and Pears for canning account, but
beyond rumored sales, many of which turn out
baseless, it seems to be chiefly talk thus far.
Seme sales of B,artletts and Orange Clings at
$20 per ton delivered at the cannery have been
made In the San Joaquin Valley, but $30 is re
ported paid in the northern districts. No defi
nite prices have yet been established-- A local
cannery is paying $15*323 per ton for email
white Apricots and $10 for sunburned blue
Plums. ¦ . ¦ ¦',.-• ...
There Is no material change In orchard fruits
as the demand about balances the supply. • Bar
ries are plentiful ¦ and rather weak.
Oranges are neglected. Three cars sold at
auction at 20@50c per box for standard Navels
and' Seedlings.. This Shows the state of the
market. . .,¦ ¦¦ - " . . ' . .
Receipts of Figs' continue to increase. Cur
rants are still bringing good prices. /
St. John Peaches from Vacavllle sold up to
75c per box. Some Nutmeg Melons .were re
ceived from Winters. ' ,
Pineapples are lower under liberal supplies
DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ,
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25@2 50 per
box; new, 20@30c per small and 50g90c per large
box, and 15@s0c per basket. ...
APRICOTS— 25@50c per box, >35<gS5c per crate
and 25@35c per basket. :
CHERRIES— 50c@$l for dark and 50c@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk,. 5@Sc per lb'. for 'black
4@6c for red and 5@9c for Royal Anne.
PLUMS — l5@40c per box .and 15@35c per bas
ket for Clyman, and 4O@75c per crate for Trag
edy. '":. . ¦
¦• CHERRY PLUMS— 2C@35c per box.
PEACHES— 20<g50c' per box and 20@50c per
basket. . • ":.; . ¦
PEARS— Madelines, 15<g20c per box and lSS^Oc
per basket. ¦ . • ¦ ' ; . ¦ . :
1 STRAWBERRIES — S3 50<g6 per chest for
Longworths and $3(35 . for large berries. ¦ Re
ceipts were 310 chests. Some in crates sold at
90c@$l. - ¦ ¦¦¦... ;^'*!.;.--.-
LOGAN BERRIES— $3@6 per chest." .
; BLACKBERRIES-$3@5 per chest and 50@65c
per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per 1 chest and 45@75c
per crate. .-¦--••
. GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer and 1>4
@2V4c in "bulk. > .,.....'.,'*
• CURRANTS— $2 50@6 per, chest.' . '. •¦ ¦¦'¦¦".
FIGS— 50c<3$l per. box for single and$l@150
for double layers. , . . ¦ . ,
MELONS— Watermelons . from Indio. $3«34 30
per dozen; Nutmecs, from , Tuma $1 23<JT2 50
percrate: from Indio, in-large crates $t©4 50
. GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona,' $1 73S'> per
crate. ¦.'¦..••¦¦.:.•'.,: . - .-•/•.•:
• CITRUS FRUITS^Navel Oranges,. $1 23®
2 7"»:- Seedlings, ¦ 75c®$l 50: .Mediterranean
S\veets,\-.$1 25@1 75; Valencias. $133;' Tan
gerines, -E0cgi.$l 23: Lemons, 75c<S?$l 25 for.com
mon and : $1 503? 2 50 for. good to choice: Grape
.Fruit, 50c(g$l 50; Mexican Limes, $1@3; Ba-
Markt-st C 6s. — 127Hf <13C5), Sor B.108V.109%
Do 1 c m 5a. 122% — tl3C6> 103% — '
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1312> 113 123
Nor R Cal 6s..ll4%113 S P of Cal 1st
Do 53....... *..113>,4119H cp gntd g 5s. 107 —
Nor Pac C 63.IOO — S P Br Cal 63. — 135
Do 5s 108 109 3 V Water 6s. 113% —
Nor Cal R 5s.. 110 113 Do 4s 102 —
Oak Gas 5s 112 — Do 4s, 2d m. — 102
Do Trans 6s. 117% — Stktn Gas 63.. — —
Do Wat 03... 104^105 •
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. SOVx 81 j Spring Valley. 83 82»i
Marin County. 50 — j .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 43 50
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento ... — 3s
Mutual *% 6 S F G & E 42% 43
Oakland 50 51 San Francisco. 4 4%
Pacific G Imp. 43% 44 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'3 Fund.2i2& — |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 80 L P & A 147 _
California .... — 410 iMer Ex (liq).. IS _
Cal Safe Dep..lO7H — !S F Natlonal..l2o —
First Natl 3C9 — I
, SAVINGS BANKS,
German .M900 — Sav & Loan... — _
Humboldt — — .Security 375 __
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1 ICO —
San Francisco. ;C3 530 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134OSL.&H 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio _ _
Market .... 70 —
POWDER.
Giant — 75 jVigorit 3 314
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 7% Kiluuea w; 13%
Hawaiian — 5i ,Makawell 3su 39
Honokaa 20*$ 21?£ Onomea 22 —
Hutchinson ... 19^ 20 IPaauhau :s'» —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 123 129H Oceanic S Co.. 50 5(HA
Cal Fruit Can. 93 97 (Pac Aux FA.. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. 185 —
Merchnts" Ex.110 — (Par Paint U —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Contra Costa "Water 80 W
100 Equitable Gas 423
125 Kilauea Sugar Plan Co 13 23
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5.4 bonds in 50
15 Pacific Coast Borax 183 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co, -cash 42 00
• 5 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co...T 42 23
• 100 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 43 50
5.0 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 43 50
30 Spring Valley Water 82 12}$
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$1000 Californla-st Cable bonds US 25
10 Equitable Gas 4 00
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 40 CO
. 10 Oceanic Steamship Co. 3 90 45 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 49 50
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 30 00
10O Pacific Gas Imp 44 00
67 S F Gaslight 4 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, 9 90 42 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 12»4
1 25 S F Gas & Electric Co... 42 23
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
25 S F Ga3 & Electric Co. s 90 42 75
175 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 CO
75 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 43 23
75 S F Gas & 2lecarlc Co 43 23
465 S F Gas & Electric Co... 43 0O
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 87X4,
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 75
Street—
$5000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 100 25
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2C0 Four OH Co 38
515 Home Oil 2 50
7C0 Home Oil 2 55
100 Junction 20
100 Kern 5 00
50 Monarch of Arizona 29
5C0 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 23
100 Monte Cristo 2 0©
100 Occidental of W Va 49
50 Peerless 5 00
1000 Petroleum Center ; 0B |
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 62*i
123 Sterling 125
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 California Standard 23
3 Hanford SO 00
6C0 Home Oil 2 55
100 Home Oil 2 60
200 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 27
100 Monte Cristo 2 CO
5C0 Petroleum Center 06
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev » 7 62V4
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 50
150 Sovereign 24
400 Sterling 125
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
Board —
1C0O Four Oil Co S5
«0O Four Oil Co 38
300 Home Oil 2 «0
200 Monarch of Arizona 2 90
500 Petroleum Center 06
3C0O Petroleum Center, s 90 03
Afternoon Session, t
Board — ;-« v .
2000 Lion , ,........_..• 13
5000 Petroleum Center, s 30 • 05
500 Sterling 1 27%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
day: ¦• .
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 11 100 Ophlr n
100 Caledonia S5 50 Ophlr 33
400 Con Cal & Va..2 10 500 Potoei CO
10O Hale & Norc... 24 100 Savage 07
4C0 Ophlr .' 90
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 12 Mexican 28
200 Best & Belcher 20 100 Ophir 9«
200 Caledonia 35 200 Ophir 95
ICO Challenge 13 200 Overman 19
60 Con Cal & Va..2 20 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Con Cal & Va..2 15 100 Union Con ..... 13
200 Gould & Curry 05 100 Yellow Jacket.. 10
300 Mexican 27 300 Yellow Jacket.. U
The following were the sales In the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday: f-* .
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 11 30O Overman IT
200 Best & Belcher 19 600 Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Con Cal & Va..2 15 400 Silver Hill 30
600 Hale & Norc... 25 700 Union Con ..... 1$
400 Mexican 25 200 Tellow Jacket.. 10
300 Ophlr 92
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 12 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
6C0 Best & Belcher 20 400 Silver Hill ..... 31
200 Con Cal & Va..2 15 400 Union Con ..... 20
250 Confidence 71 50O Union Con ..... 19
200 Confidence 70 200 Yellow Jacket.. 09
200 Mexican 26 500 Yellow Jacket.. 10
300Ophir 95 • ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
W KDNESDAT, Jane 13 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask. I BiAAak.
Alpha 01 03! Justice 02 03
AUa — OllKentuck 01 03
Andes 03 06; Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 25 28
Best & Belcher 19 21 Occidental C3 04
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 54 95
Caledonia 31 35 Overman 19 20
Challenge Con.. 19 20 Potosl 09 11
Chollar 04 06 Savage OS 09
Confidence 70 -75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 15 2 20 Seg Belcher ... — 03
Con Imperial... — 01 1 Sierra Nevada. 22 24
Con New York. — • 01, Silver Hill 29 30
Crown Point... 07 09!St Louis CS —
Eureka Con 06 —Standard — 3 S3
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 04 (K> Union Con 13 20
Hale & Norc... 23 23 Utah 04 C5
Julia — 02 Tellow Jacket.. 10 11
THE ¦¦ SAIS; JFJECAIirclSCO , CALL, THUKSDAY^; JTCWE ; 2O, 19O1.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Liverpool;.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat- ' . July. Sept.
Opening ........................... 5 08% 5 08%
Closing 5 08% 5 08%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 SO 2110;
Closing 20 30 2110
Flour —
Opening- .' .' 25 50 . ¦' .26 95
Closing.... ;.. 25 60 27 00
THE COAST RECORD.
Exchange and Bullion.
8
EASTERN MARKETS.TWO PYGMY ACTORS WHO
ARE APPEARING AT THE
ORPHEUM.
J This season's [, styles , of ' picture-frame
materials are "exquisite;-; predtty. little
shapes \ and ' finishes to be ¦> matched - with
perfect harmony \ In all tints of mattings'
Sanborn.Vail ¦& Co., 741 Market street. •
The LsAest Styles.
He was arrested and will be deported.
Chan' Tiew, -a Chinaman who was land
ed here a year ago on a section 6 certifi
cate as a merchant, called at the office of
the Chinese Bureau yesterday for his cer
tificate. Something in his dress and man
ner excited. the suspicions of Acting Chief
John R-Dunn and Chan was questioned
Thinking it to be a mere matter of identi
fication Chan' answered guilelessly , and
told all about. himself, to. the effect* that
he had been -working as -a laborer ever
since his arrival. ¦. . : ¦.
Unlucky Chan Tiew.
Regents Select Lathrop.
MADISON, ,.Wls., June 19.— At their
meeting to-day the university . regents
elected H. B. Lathrop of Leland Stanford
University associate professor of English
literature. . Z . . B n
, Walter A. Harrison, of San Francisco,
aged 21. to marry .: Kitty <¦ M. Barrows of
San Francisco,: aged 18; Robert R. Fowles
of Madera, aged; 31,-. to. marry Blanche E
Butler of Oakland, aged 22; Madison' Pope
of Oakland, aged 42,-> to marry Lula Clay
ton of Oakland, aged 32; Herbert L. r>a
vis of Oakland, aged 23, to marry Rose
anna Dignan of Oakland, aged 22; Nich
olas x Mugler , of Sacramento, aged 22,- to
marry . Clara Stone of Sacramento, aged
23; George D. 'Bertha of ; Chicago, aged 25
to marry Emma P. Chandler of Frultvale
aged.24.- . ', ¦ „•¦ ' : ¦¦<;.: ¦'¦:'¦/ > ¦'¦¦'. .: >¦
OAKLAND, June 19.— The following
marriage : licenses were issued 'at the
County , Clerk's : to-day :
Licensed to "Wed.
The Santa Fe is mow carrying passen
gers via new stage .line from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m.,
on California limited, other- days 7:20
a. m. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel .next afternoon, passing. Merced Big
Trees, Buena' Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route. ..
Ask about it at 641 Market street •
Tosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
Charles Altscliul's Business Associ
ates of This. City Bid Him a
Formal Farewell.
The members of the Bankers' Associa
tion tendered a banquet last evening at
the Palace Hotel to Charles Altschul, re
tiring manager of the London, Paris and
American Bank, who leaves shortly for
New York to fill the responsible position
of manager of the Bank of Lazard Freres.
During the evening speeches were made
by P. Lilienthal. George R.. Burdlck,
Lovell White and Frank Miller. Seven
ty-five members of the association were
present, many of. them coming from- the
interior of the State to attend the func
tion. I ' :
POPULAR BANK MANAGER
IS .TENDERED A BANQUET
TREK A, June 19.— Ernest Barth, '- a
butcher, who had been arrested on a
charge of stealing a steer, committed sui
lclde at Sisson 'this morning while on his
way to the jail. He asked permission of
Sheriff Freshour, who' had charge of him
to pack -up some clothing. The . Sheriff
granted the request and the prisoner went
Into a room of his house, closing the door
behind him. He then placed' the. muzzle
of a rifle over his heart and sprung the
trigger with his toe. S
Butcher at Sisson Goes Into a Room
for Clothing and Commits '
Suicide. Vc- :
FOOLS THE SHERIFF
BY ENDING HIS LITE
STOCKTON, June 19.-E..J. Pullen and
C. M. Butler, carpenters employed at the
Tesla Coal Company's briquet factory, got
into a row this morning over a missing
tool from Butler's toolchest, Butler
stabbed Pullen in the region of the heart
with a long-bladed knife. Pullen may. die.
He claims that Butler stabbed him while
the two were going outside to fight with
their fi?ts. Butler says that he accident
ally stabbed Pullen while warding off a
blow. Butler was arrested while on his
way to the police station to give him
self up. .
¦ . ¦ .,--
Fellow-Workman in the Re
gion of the Heart.
Carpenter at the Tesla Mine Stabs a
QUARREL OVER A TOOL
MAY END IN DEATH
The Olympia presents Its usual good
bill, includiner a number of new special
ties.
Charity Martin, Signor Abramoff, Par
aikeva Sandoline, Erma Wing, the jug
gling Gillens, Ed B. Adams, the Samay
oas, Alice Barnum and Stanley and Wal
ton are Fischer's notables of the week.
The musical interest is unusually strong
this week.
A "ladles' heavy-weight lifting con
test" with the amateurs' bill is the at
traction extraordinary at the Chutes and
Zoo to-night. The Toblns, musical art
ists, are also on the good vaudeville bill.
.* • •
the Tivoli are here. The pretty opera has
had an unusually successful run and
promises to end as brightly as it begun.
Next week the long rehearsed "Babes in
the Woods" will be put on, and this mid
summer extravaganza is announced by
the management as a worthy successor
of "The Toy Maker." The last toy souve
nir performance of "The Toy Maker" will
be given on Saturday next, when every
child attending will receive a toy from the
hands of the toy maker himself, Ferris
Hartman.
Arrested on Complaint of Annie Heg
. erty of Berkeley, Sister of
\ Carrie Sandholt.
Dr. W. H. Griswold. who has an. office
in the St. Ann building, was arrested yes
terday by Detective Coleman on a war
rant issued by Police Judge Fritz, before
whom Mrs. Annie Hegerty had sworn to
a complaint charging Dr. Griswold with
the murder of her sister. Miss Carrie
Sandholt of Centervllle. ..The arrest was
made a short time, after the Coroner's
jury had returned a verdict of murder
against the prisoner.
The doctor, when testifying before the
Coroner, swore that Miss Sandholt was
suffering from the effects of a criminal
operation when she came to him for
treatment. She informed him. ; he said,
that, she had been treated by a Dr. O'Don
nell and other physicians and that they
had left her in a dangerous condition. He
adopted the' usual course in such cases,
but the young, woman died on Saturday
of last week in the Goiden West Hotel
of blood poisoning. The prisoner admltteS
that tho patient had paid him $60 for his
services.
The most damaging testimony against
the prisoner was given by Mra. Annie
Hegerty of Berkeley. She is a sister of
Miss Sandholt. She testified that her sis
ter told her that she went to Dr. .C. C.
O'Donnell. who had given her drugs that
had no effect. She then went to Dr. Jor
dan's museum, where, after being exam
ined by a physician, she was handed over
to a young man. who took her to Dr.
Griswold. She told Mrs. Hegerty further
that Dr. Griswold had performed a crim
inal operation and that the cause of her
trouble was a young man named William
Hirsch of Irvington. _ |
DR. GRISWOIJ) CHARGED
WITH A GIRL'S MURDER
Maryland more than seventy years ago.
He went to sea as a boy, and was In the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company's service
in China when the civil war commenced.
Returning to the South he was given let
ters from the Confederate government to
operate blockade runners. He was cap
tured on the Mississippi River, took the
oath of allegiance to the United State*,
and. rendered .valuable . service to the
Northern forces. After the war he w»nt
to Arizona, and later returned to the Pa
cific Mail service, being captain on ves
sels running to southern ports.
His first big stroke oi fortune was a
mere accident. He left $600 with a minin!?
broker during the big stock boom in 1877
and went to sea. Upon his return the
lucky skipper, was notified that there was
JTO.OOO to his credit in the Bank of Cali
fornia. .'.-¦-. . •
The captain did not speculate in stocks
any more, but bought real .estate, and
then spent his income like a prince. Dur
ing his Incumbency as Pilot Commission
er, under. Governor Irwin, his salary, fees
and rent roll ran into a monthly income
of $900.
The captain was a patron of the prize
ring. At the time of the Sulllvan-Corbett
fight at Mississippi City the sailor took
a "tip" from Choynski that Sullivan
would win. The captain lost $10,000 on the
.'tip. ' . ......
His property dwindled during the last
few years of his life. He was careless of
his money, and his marriages were ex
pensive to settle. -
Realizing that he was rapidly losing his
hold on his belongings. Captain Williams
last December made a deed of a $10 000
house and lot on Pine street In San Fran
cisco to Colonel C. W." Stone, upon condi
tion that Stone should pay over J60 a
month during Williams' lifetime and keen
up the property. The deed was placed" in
escrow to be delivered after Williams'
death. .-,
The captain owned a ranch near San
Jose and had some property at ¦ Tomb
stone, A. T.. and other improved property
in San Francisco.^ A cottage at 824 Thlr
teenth street, this city, was also in his
name. . ¦/
.Public Administrator Haines has filed
application for letters of administration
upon Captain Williams' estate, and has
set about to try to untangle the apparent
complications . in the dead seaman's af
fairs. Efforts are being made to trace the
first wife in the East, with whom Captain
Williams had been in constant correspond
ence. .His remains are being held subject
to later decision as to funeral and Inter
ment. .-.-....¦.. , ¦ ' ¦¦ .
LONDON,- June 20.— "The German Gov
ernment." eays the Berlin correspondent
of the Dally Express, .-"has definitely
adopted the single tariff system In respect
to all commercial treaties." .
Germany Adopts Single Tariff.
LONDON, June 19.— A dispatch to "the
Daily Express from Vienna says that two
Czechs, named Orsovle and Zears, have
been arrested at Prague. Bohemia, on the
charge of being implicated In a plot
against Francis Joseph.
.Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California: Original— John V. Gurnsey,
Bed Bluff. $8; Robert C. Fellows, River
side, $6. Increase— Aaron J. Walker, San
Francisco, $10. Reissue— John Bolllnger,
Los Angeles, $30. Original widow— Mary
C. Rush, Madera, $8. War with Spain,
original— Charles L. Kelley, Morgan Hill,
$17; Charles A. Ryan. Lemoore, $6.
Oregon: Original — Thomas C. Fletcher,
Ontario, 56. . ./ ,
Plotting Against Francis Joseph.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— The following
postmasters have been - commissioned:
Oregon — 'William S. Colexnan, Phoenix;
Charles E. Hedge, Sylvan.
Many New Pensions Issued.
SAN DIEGO, June 19.— At a mass-meet
ing of citizens held this afternoon at the
Chamber of Commerce an executive com
mittee of seven leading citizens was ap
pointed to make surveys, acquire fran
chises and rights of way and' to obtain
subscriptions for the construction of a
railroad from San Diego to the Colorado
River and ultimately to penetrate South
ern Arizona. The committee is composed
of U. S. Grant Jr., W. Martsop, Frank
Jennings, L. L. Boone, all of San Diego;
J. E. Boal, manager of the Land and
Town Company of National City; Colonel
S. W. Ferguson, manager of the Imperial
Land Company, which is carrying on the
largest irrigation enterprise the coun
try, and W. F. Holt, a banker of Imperial.
The executive committee will enter upon
its labors immediately. The members
have received pledges of substantial
financial support from residents of this
city and county and have also been as
sured of support from Eastern capitalists.
San Diego Citizens Discuss an Impor-
tant Project in a Mass-
Meeting.
WHX •RTTTT.T) RAILROAD
TO THE COIJORADO RIVER
That the Datrons of the Grand Opera
house enjoy the Sardou.menu that is be
ing put before them during the engage
ment of Mr. MacDowell is amply demon
fctrated by the size of the audiences at
the popular amusement house. "Gismon
da" "is the current bill, and Mr. MacDow
ell as Almerio is well supported by Flo
rence Stor.e in the title role. Next week,
the last of the MacDowell engagement,
will be devoted to a production of "Fe
dora." another Sardou thriller.
The Frawley season at the Grand Op
era-house will begin on July 1, and will
continue for eieht weeks. »
v * * •
"The Countess Valeska" Is the bill at
Next Monday evening "Under Two
Flags." with Blanche Bates in the role
of Cigarette, will open at the California
to what promises to be one of the most
representative houses of the season. Mr.
Frohman sends over to us all the original
cast and settings of the play from the
Garden Theater, New York, and Paul
Pctter's new drama will doubtless be one
of the strong attractions- of the season.
¦ • « * *
The admirers of "Heartsease," as given
by Henry Miller and his company, will
look their last on the play with the week's
end. Mr. MlUer vows that this year will
see the banishment of the pretty comedy
from his repertoire, and accordingly de
votes the concluding nights of his engage
ment to the play that has probably been
more widely popular than any other j in
which he has appeared. The farewell per
formance of the Miller season will be
given on Saturday night, and -will doubt
less see the Columbia crowded.
ODELL WILLIAMS, the celebrated
comedian, is doing a turn this
week at the Orpheum that Is one
of the best things of its kind be
fore the public. Mr. Williams
brings a clever company with him and
with them produces a condensed version
of "The Judge," a farce that is nightly
adding largely to the joys of living. Fat
ma and Smaun, two East Indian pyg
mies that seem to have escaped from a
curiosity cabinet. Introduce a decidedly
novel performance, and Cole and Delosse,
ecuilibrlsts,. are also ;. best of their kind.
Ezra Kendall still remains a prime favor
ite and Ed Latell, the Doherty sisters.
Georgia Gardner and Joseph Maddern
take good care of the balance of the bill.
The directors of the Boys" and. Girls'
Aid Society of California held their twen
ty-seventh annual | meeting 'Tuesday at
the home ! oh the corner of Baker. » and
Grove -streets. ¦ Senator. Perkins," who for.
a ¦ number of , years | has been j president of
the society, . submitted ' his annual report,,
in which he Congratulated the -members
on ¦ the 'amount' of ¦;. good , work;'- /accom
plished -during the -last year. He f also
dwelt with" pride upon . the ¦ excellence of
the i discipline ; which is maintained in ¦: the
home.;.. ,w ; : V* '¦'¦'¦ .vMJ ; - .•'"¦. .-V^ ¦¦:" ' •-
"The superintendent's report showed that
there were sixty-eight/children in the
home at 1 the commencement of the' year;
280 were | received during ; the , year, fifty
five were either placed in homes or given
employment. 19rwere taken home by rela
tives and friends; thirteen were discharg
ed, three . were -placed ¦ in. other _• institu
tions, ; two i died, - one • entered - the ' United
States navy, and •¦ that : there were'elghty
three remaining in ¦ the <¦ home on ; May 31.
The report of .the treasurer, showed that
the receipts for the :- year- amounted '.. to
$10,344 40 and that the disbursements •. were
516,036. ¦: ; . .-: 'v'v ¦;;•¦¦.-.¦ :r^-;-,
•¦-. At present : all the \ children : are enjoy
ing an outing at' Elim Grove.
¦¦¦¦ . v V : \. -. , ¦ .-- ; i "-" f ¦;•¦-.¦; ¦*,: .^'...'.'/ i'' *:"..'¦' ¦
Institution Is Enjoying Pros
• ' ;perityv
BOYS' AND. GIRLS' AID
SOCIETY HOLDS MEETING
Beports of Officers Show- That the
Captain Williams' second wife was a
Miss Choynski. sister of Joe Choynski, the
pugilist. .... .v .-./ :. . .". . :¦;..
After their . divorce ¦ the captain parted
with $1500 in Jewelsand called that adven
ture off. The third wife was a young £an
Diegan. : They had numerous quarrels,
and_the last one^in Alameda led to the
skipper's imprisonment in the Alameda
County Jail for cruelty. \ :
Mrs. Williams No. 3 procured a divorce,
and to her the captain deeded cottages at
820 and 822 Thirteenth street. : \ ..
The much married mariner was born iii
What fortune is left after Captain,Wil
liams' numerous matrimonial disturb
ances Is problematical. .His first wife,
Mrs. Sarah D. Williams, of Boston, holds
deeds to all of her former husband's prop
erty. Although they j were divorced many
years ago, the captain highly esteemed
his Massachusetts. spouse. These deeds
were subject to a power of attorney the
mariner held. • .
OAKLAND, June 19.— With the
death of Captain H.'G. Williams,
the pioneer mariner, who suc
cumbed last night at the Hotel
Crellin, the story of a romance
In his life that involves the paternity of
a beautiful girl of 1G years has been re
called. This young lady bears the name
Marie E. Williams. ,
Behind the scenes is a mysterious wo
man in widow's garb, who to-day made
her mission known to those ;who had
taken charge of the deceased seaman's
affairs. Mrs. Mary Schmidt, she says, is
her name and she declares that the tall,
willowy girl she has looked after for six
teen years is her child and that the dead
captain is the young lady's father.
This is the first suggestion of a strife
in the, courts for the fortune that, the
aged sailor is " supposed to ¦ have left.
Three wives had Captain Williams during
his lifetime and the story of his disas
trous matrimonial ventures is hardly less
interesting than the romantic develop
ments that have followed so closely upon
the deathbed scene. Fortunes won and
lost in a day, and the exciting adventures
on sea and on land furnish a volume of
entertaining chapters that have found the
light since death's call came ¦ to . the ' aged
seafarer. £
What will be done to establish the
claims of this girl is yet' to be decided by
the woman in black who asserts her
motherhood. The story runs back twenty
years or more, when Captain Williams
had exquisite bachelor apartments in the
old Mercantile Library building on Bush
street, San Francisco, the present site of
the Telephone Company's building. There
the old shipmaster, with other boon com-,
panions, held forth. Mrs. Schmidt, now a
stout' matronly appearing woman of-per
haps 55 years, was there employed.
There was a child born In the course of
the years of her employment there. =.
"The child is 1 Captain Williams' and I
am the mother," said Mrs. Schmidt. "But
all I want now is to be sure that the cap
tain Is given a proper burial. "It will be
time enough after the funeral for me to
take such steps as may be necessary, to
protect the interests of the girl." ; •
Then turning to her- Interviewer she
said, - with tears streaming ¦- down her
cheeks: i "I have suffered untold agony
at the hands of Captain Williams, but for
all that I can say nothing now while his
dead body is unburied." • -. .
Mrs. Schmidt refused to tell where she
resided In San Francisco, but gave the ad
dress of the girl as 815 Geary street, San
Francisco.
Friends of Captain Williams do not hes
itate In their belief that the child is his
daughter, but they declare he always re
fused to recognize her.
The' woman came into prominence In
Oakland several years ago by causing '.
Captain Williams' arrest, . after trouble
about the child while, he had rooms in
the Playter block. ¦ The difficulty was set
tled in the courts.
DETROIT, Mich., June 19.—In an inter
view in New York this afternoon with a
rtaff correspondent of the Detroit Jour
nal, Colonel EH R. Sutton of this city,
•who was the traveling companion of ex-
Goverr.or Pingree during his trip through
South Africa and Europe, said:
"Hazen S. PIngree went to South Africa
largely for jthe purpose of putting Into
practical effect three schemes for the ben
efit of the people of Michigan; first, the
reclamation of the immense pine wastes
in Michigan by planting trees; second,
the rotation of crops in Michigan; third
the transportation of every patriot Boer
and his family who desired to come to the
T'nited States. He quizzed British offi
cials on this subject, gained their ap
proval of it and had an appointment to
consult with Kruger about it. which was
prevented only by the Governor's illness.
"It was his idea to interest some
Michigan capitalists in the plan and pro
vide lands for the Boers among the rail
road systems. He thought that these cap
italists could secure very low transporta
tion rates from the seaboard to the farms
and he proposed to let the British Gov
ernment in Rome roundabout wav provide
the ships for the Boers' transportation
from Africa to this countrv. A number
of English officers now in South Africa
and some eminent public men in England
took this favorably and thought well of
It. provided it could be carried out with
out the British Government's aid in the
matter becomirig known.
"While studying the 'Black Forest' in
the interest of his reforestration idea,
Governor Plngrree even obtained the
rames of a number of Boers who were
¦willing to come to Michigan and assume
care of the forests he proposed to plant!"
Two Calif ornians Honored.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 19.—The, Su
preme Lodge of the Knights of Honor
concluded its session to-day by adopting
the report of the committee on engrossed
bills and installing- the new corps of offi
cers. C. F. Curry of California was ap
pointed a member of the standing com
mittee on laws and M. L. Cromwe of Cali
fornia a member of the committee on the
g-ood f>i the order.
Went to South. Africa to Further an
Extensive Colonization
Scheme.
PDJGBEE PLANNED TO
AID BOER PATBXOTS
WOODLAND, June 19.— Mrs. E. A.
Howard Is in receipt of a letter written
by Captain and Quartermaster J. S. Mor
rison of the Twentieth Infantry, under
date of Laoag, province of Ilicos Norte.
Philippine Islands, May 14, informing her
that on the previous day James Madison
Howard died of heart failure. . No papers
were found on the body that would serve
for identification, except an envelope ad
dressed to Mrs. E. A. Howard, Woodland,
Cal. This envelope was used with the
hope that it might lead to identification.
Mrs. E. A. Howard is the mother of the
deceased, who was well known and highly
esteemed in Yolo County.
Howard, after the annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands, engaged in the stock
trade of California with that country. He
made his last trip to the Islands two
years ago. His mother also went to Hon
olulu and made her home there until last
February. Howard decided to make a
prospecting trip to the Philippines and
took passage for Manila on the- 20th of
February, A few days later Mrs. Howard
Failed for San Francisco. Before Howard
left Honolulu Mrs. Howard gave him sev
eral envelopes addressed to her In Wood
land. It was one of these envelopes found
on his body that gave Captain Morrison
a clew as to the whereabouts of relatives
of the deceased.
When Howard left Honolulu he expect
ed to touch at Guam and make a stop of
ten days. So far as is known he wrote no
letters to Woodland after his departure
from Honolulu. The presumption is that
he was burled in Lanag:, although no posi
tive Information on that point has been
received.
News Heceived at "Woodland of Death
'of James Howard in the
Philippines.
EUVKLOPE ON BODY
BEVEALS HIS IDENTITY
Mrs.' Nellie Kelly, housekeeper at' the
Lamolle House, testified tnat Murphy was
cared, for by : Miss Smalley..
T. B. McFarland. a real estate and in
surance agent, testified that Murphy ap
plied to him for an accident insurance
policy for $20,000, which he had made pay
able to Miss Smalley. The policy had
been drawn up, the premium paid by Mur
phy, and the policy delivered to him.
Later, when the policy was sent to the
Eastern headquarters, it was returned to
the agent with the Information that the
company refused to make it payable to
vMlss Smalley, as the policy would have
to be made payable to the estate or some
of Murphy's heirs. The policy was after
ward issued payable n to the Murphy, es
tate. . _ • .- .¦'
Murphy and Miss Smalley had visited
Mrs. Foltz Smalley in her. home, and on
these occasions Murphy had" remarked:
"She is' my little sweetheart, and is well
provided for." Witness stated that Miss
Smalley had kept the $10,000 note given
her by Murphy for services for some
months, but had given it back to Murphy
for safe keeping, and Murphy said he
would put it in a safe deposit box. What
became of the note Mrs. Smalley did not
know. At one time, the witness said.
Murphy had authorized Miss Smalley to
find a suitable home for them in San
Francisco, and he would buy It and give
the deed to her. Mrs. Smalley declared
Murphy's financial condition was not such
as to admit of him marrying at that time.
The main witness of the day was Mrs.
Bertha Foitz Smalley, a sister-in-law of
the plaintiff. She -first met Murphy in
1S94. As soon as she learned of the rela
tions existing between Miss Bertha Smal
ley and Murphy she had, discouraged
them, she Eald, and in a way ended thum.
She had visited Murphy and Miss Smalley
in San Francisco and also at the Lamolle
House in this city. Murphy had told her,
she said, that he was in love with Miss
Smalley and she was sure her sister-in
law returned the affection. On more than
one occasion Murphy had said he intended
to provide for Miss Smalley and marry
k hcr. In 1897 a coolness had developed be
tween Murphy and Miss Smalley,- and
their relations had been broken off.- The
two subsequently became reconciled.' The
witness said Murphy gave Miss Smalley
a check for $10,000 for services rendered
him fT two years, and promised to pay
her J50CQ a year until he could arrange
his affairs and marry her. This state
ment had not been Included In a deposi
tion made by the witness In Attorney
Kowalsky's office, and Attorney Delmas
questioned her in regard to It. She said
it had been forgotten.
SAN JOSE, June 19.— That the late capi
talist, James T. Murphy, intended to pro
vide for, if not marry, Miss Bertha Smal
ley before his death was testified, to in
court by two witnesses | to-day. The life
and habits of Murphy were gone into fully,
and it was stated that Murphy made Miss
Smalley his companion most of the time,
and In the three years preceding his death
she was always' with "him. "According to
witnesses he had reiterated that the plain
tiff would be provided for and that he In
tended to marry her. Besides this it was
declared Murphy had given Miss Smalley
a check for $10,000 for two years' services,
and had promised to pay her $5000 a year
until such time as his affairs should eo
straighten themselves that he could mar
ry her.' ¦ .'' .
¦ ' -. ? ''. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont.. June 19.— In the pres
ence of only the relatives and a few In
timate friends of the young couple. Miss
Mabel Duffield Foster, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. M. Foster, was this evening
married to William Andrews Clark Jr.,
son of Senator W. A. Clark. The cere
mony took place In the front drawing
room of the residence of the bride's par
ents on West Granite street. The room
was handsomely decorated, the prevail
ing colors being green and ' white. The
Rev. S. C. Blackiston. rector of St. John*s
Episcopal Church, performed the cere-
HlS? y ' th L c <P tr acUng parties kneeling
upon a prie dleu.
wJl 1^ 6 were no attendants and the
bride s father pave her away. She wore
a handsome gown of white chiffon, en
train, with the traditional bridal veil.
Her ornaments consisted of a valuable
necklace of pearls, the present of Senator
Clark, and a collar of pearls and dia
monds, the gift of the groom.
Only forty persons in all witnessed the
ceremony. Though the wedding was so
Ftrictly private, the reception which fol
lowed at the Foster residence was the
most largely attended affair of the kind
ever seen in the Northwest and also one
of the most brilliant ever seen anywhere.
These who called to tender their best
wishes included hundreds of young friends
who had grown up with the bride and
groom in this community. The presents,
were numerous and valuable and filled
an entire room. The father of the groom
presented his son with a check for $100,000.
Mr. and Mrs. Clark left on the east
bound Northern Pacific express late to
night. They will spend some time In New
York and then go to Europe for several
months. On their return they will reside
In Butte, where Mr. Clark is a successful
lawyer. Mr. Clark is the possessor of
53,000,000 in his own right.
Senator's Son and Miss
Mabel Foster Are
United. v
Brilliant Reception Follows
the Strictly Private
Ceremony.
CLARK MARRIES
BELLE OF BUTTE
'Prophet" Smith and An
other Prisoner the
Victims.
LOUISIANA MOB
HANGS NEGROES
Their Offense the Inciting
of Sentiment Against
Whites.
SHREVEPORT, June 19.-Frank Smith,
better known as "Prophet" Smith, and F.
D. McLand. held at Benton for complicity
In the murder of John Gray Foster, were
taken out of jail by a mob to-night and
strung up to a tree. They were left dan
gling side by side. The lynching occurred
on the Arkansas road, about one mile
and a half from the Jail. Both negroes
made a statement before death, denying
that they had anything to do with the
killing. Smith, who was the head of the
"Church of God" movement in that sec
tion and was blamed as having been re
•sponsible for the sentiment against tho
whites which led to the death of Foster,
died praying. McLand was silent as ha
was strung up.
As Smith was being led from the Jail
prior to the execution he was heard to
say: "Lord, you promised to be with me
now."
There were about 200 armed men In th«
mob and they overpowered the Sheriff
and jailer, taking the keys away from
them. The lynchers claimed that the ex
ecution of these negroes was necessary
to the preservation of the lives of the
white men in this locality.
LA GRANGE, N. C, June 19.-D. B.
Jones, a negro preacher, who, it is al
leged, attempted to commit an assault on
Mrs. Davis near La Grange yesterday,
was taken from the guardhouse here last
night and. lynched. ''
IRISH HEROES HONORED
GUESTS AT A BANQUET
Knights of Red Branch Entertain
Major John McBride and
E. O'B. Kennedy.
The Knights of the Red Branch ten
dered a banquet last night in their hall
on Mission street to Major John Mc-
Bride, who won distinction as an officer
in the Irish brigade in the South African
war. and E. O'B. Kennedy, an Irish pa
triot, who was imprisoned for fourteen
years by the British Government. One
hundred and fifty members of the organ
ization were present to greet the two men
who have devoted their lives to the causa
of freedom. Captain T. J. Mellott presid
ed at the feast, and seated on his right
and left were the two honored guests of
the evening. Rev. Father P. C. Torko
and Rev. Father James McDonald were
specially invited guests to meet Messrs.
McBride and Kennedy.
During the • evening Major McBride
gave a brief outline of his connection with
the Boer war and Mr. Kennedy recounted;
his life as a political prisoner of England.
The opening remarks were made by
Toastmaster TV J. M^ellott and the health,
of Major McBride and E. O'B. Kennedy
and his co-patriots was drunk in flowing
bumpers. Rev. Father Yorke responded
to the toast, "Ireland a Nation," In which
he expressed the hope that Ireland wouldl
once more take her rightful place among
the nations of the earth. t
"The Scattered Clan-Na-Gael" was the
subject of the toast to which Rev. James
McDonald responded. Other toasts were:
"Knights of the Red Branch." James J.
Conniffe; "The American." T. J. Klerce:
"K. R. B. Rifles," Captain tyilliam
Murphy.
Jeremiah Deasy sang some Gaelic songs,
and several national ballads were, ren
dered by "William Judge and George J.
Lowe. Professor Darcy played several
piano selections.
The following * committees were ' In
charge of the affair:
Arrangements — Captain ¦ Harry CTlsate, John
Ganey. Jeremiah Sheehy, James Sullivan and
John Doyle.
Reception— Jeremiah Deaay, J. Mellott, Wil
liam Hudson. J. J. CocniSe and Frank Klerce.
COMMISSIONER DOES 2TOT
. BELIEVE WEENER'S DENIAIi
George "Werner -was held to answer by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday on a charge of assisting
In the making of a die for counterfeiting
dollar pieces. "Werner was arrested on
June 7 with Charles Kewitz by United
States Secret Service Agent Hazen.
C. L. Giller, a steel engrraver, testified
that "Werner approached him with a prop
osition to make a die and asked for a
commission of $50 for getting him. the job.
Secret Service Operator Harry Moffltt
testified as to admissions made by the
prisoner. "Werner flatly contradicted tho
testimony of Moffltt and Giller, but Com
missioner Heacock did not believe him.
"Werner is a wood-carver, but he will not
succeed In carving himself out of jail for
some time. His ball was fixed at $500. Hi3
accomplice. Kewitz. ha3 been held to
answer before the United States Grand
Jury.
United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen was informed by telegraph yester
day that Operator John Cronin of his
office had captured Kabino "Vazaen, a Mex
ican, who had "raised" $1 bills to denom
inations of tt and S10. The entire outfit
was caoturj# with the prisoner. Vazaen
was making preparations to go to Mexico
and make counterfeit silver dollars there.
Interesting Developments in
the Suit 'Against the
Estate;
Witnesses in the Murphy
Case Testify at San
. Jose.
TELL OF LOVE
AND PRESENTS
SAYS DEAD MARINER
WAS CHILD'S FATHER
esting Story of a Romance in the Life
of the Late Captain H. G. Williams
¦".¦•'.. - ¦¦¦¦: -.- .-..¦-- :;;¦ ;¦ ;~y; , '.*! -..'
Claims of Mrs. Mary Schmidt Recalls Inter-
TWO MARVELOUS MIDGET
ACTORS AX THE ORPHEUM
Miller Threatens to Strike "Heartsease"
From His Repertoire After This Season.
"Under Two Flags" Coming to California
- » . . v . - • -
the Alcazar this week. It Is a Polish mil
itary play, with opportunity for much of
the picturesqueness of war, and has been
given a I highly commendable setting 1 by
the management. The costumes are of
unusual splendor - and Miss , Roberts'
gowns ate charming enough . to. compen
sate for any shortcomings of the play.
"Sapho" is next on'the programme.
.»¦.•.."• ; ' , ,'¦..¦
One of the best bills the Central The-,
ater has had for long days is "A Night
at the Circus," which has been given an
elaborate production at the hands of the
management. Georgte Cooper in the role
Nellie McHenry made famous Is doing ex
cellent work, and others well seen in the
cast are Charles Cogil, George . Webster,
Robert Cummlngs, Mason Mitchell, Frank
Readlck and Margaret Marshall.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" comes next, ' and
an effort .has been made by the manage
ment to put on the play with all the splen
dor recently lavished on the New York re
vival, which was one of the most popular
attractions of the last Eastern seasons.
The last days of "The Toy Maker" at"
THE SAN < FJRANCISCO CALI^ THUKSDAYj JUNE 20, 1901.
PIONEER MARINER WHOSE DEATH HAS DISCLOSED A SECRET RO
MANCE INVOLVING THE PATERNITY OF A BEAUTIFUL GIRL OF 16
~ YEARS, THE DAUGHTER OF MRS. MARY SCHMIDT.
* *
9
'.The average : man when '.weighed In the
balance Is found wanting— somethlns: he
can't set. ' , ¦?.'¦: - " ¦; ¦ • v : .: ¦
A man who has always been a "skinny
chap," although hardly ever ill, tells of
the way he put on flesh and reduced his
irritability and nervous condition.
By chance he had a taste of Grape-
Nuts Food at the table of a friend and
enjoyed the flavor so much that he began
to hav-e it every meaL He saye: "In a
6hort time I found myself another per-
son, the old feeling' of discontent and
uneasiness left me entirely, it became a
pleasure to gro about my work, whereas
before for years I had always had the
Reeling of being a little weary, now I
Eecm to have a surplus of energy for
everything:; my weight has Increased
eleven pounds in four weeks and am still
gaining.
"I have never been very sick and am
satisfied If my present improvement : in
hexdth continues I shall, not' be.
"The chance that this food has made
in my life has been remarkable and bo
satisfactory that I am glad of the op-
portunity to. tell you. Please do not pub-
lish my name." 2Came can be given by
the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich. ,
CHANGE FOOD
Aa.d Lose That Uneasy Feeling.
GRAPE-NUTS.
THE SUNDAY CALL
JUNE TWENTY-THREE, NINETEEN HUNDRED AND ONE.
A PAIR OF OF LOVE FICTION, BOOKS,
PERFECT A nephew o! Sir Mi- FASHTflNS
SHOULDERS. ™** a$ a>enc- AND STORIES OF
snilter in a Bakers-
Hluslratcd by photos ol Kcld theater. Read HUMAN
some o! San Francis- his pathetic story in
co's society women, j next Sunday's CalL INTEREST.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE GREENLEAF LOCKE.
THE LAMP IS WORKING A TALK WITH
m FOR LOVE >*
FAVOR AGAIN, the infants' sheli ED DAVID BELASCO.
« •¦¦¦¦^¦^^¦^^¦¦^¦¦^•¦••¦^^¦^^¦¦w fiptfinnTTnJ of & scrfcx *
THE SUNDAY GALL LEADSTHEM ALLTHE SA^FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 20; 1901.
10
LODGIX G-HOUSES FOR^ SALE.
H/C. DECKER 1020 MarkeVrpHone Mlnt^7967
. ...........Established Over -26 Years.... t-i./..
10 rooms on Eddy......;. $550
82 rooms on Market...... 1700
21 rooms on -Taylor..... 1150
33 rooms; corner "........... 1SO0
15 rooms in Oakland.:/.../...:.... 4.">0
18-room house; sure to clear $100........."..' 700
38 rooms; all rented f clears $175.. .....2000
26 rooms: elegant corner; clears $150..;... 1900
39 rooms: on Market; clears $200. 1800
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140...... 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor.... 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
COO other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I cell and exchange real' es-
tate and business places. -What do you 'want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market St., opp. 5tlj.
A. CAMERON & CO.. .
SEO Market E t and 8 Stockton st. ,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
' to sell list with us. We ha\'e cash customers
for all sizes and prices/ See list of ba^ains.
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease: new fur., •-¦
carpets; reduced to make quick sale $1600
¦ 11 rms.: rent $40; water, piano, swg. mch. 700
16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur... 14(K)
21 rms.; Post: rent $S5: fine fur.; sunny/. 2200
25 Booms; rent $110; fine location.. 1900
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
719 Market: rms 1 & 2, by the Call building.
-11 rooms; central; nice; clears $30... ...... .$850
27 rooms; extra nice; rent $100; clears $150. $2800
13 rooms; Sutter; rent $41; income $85.. ...$550
50 rooms; cor.: rent $140: income $350 $3000
21 rooms; on Market; rent $75; pays well. .$1000
15 rooms; Geary st; extra nice; clears $650.
: Please call at my office for a HsT of hotels i
and lodging-houses; above are only samples, i
WINSTON & WOLF,-" ~. *
• " 1026 Market st
26 rooms; Mission st; cheap rent $1600
S5 rooms; rent $S0; must see.... $S00
"2 rooms; rent $40; clears $85 ..$1200
18 rooms; rent $50; only 800
20 rooms; central: part cash $1200
500 others to select from.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!.
You may buy any rooming-house In '
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments '
• from the profits
» of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market ,
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st..' opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00: 35 rooms, price $1400.
'24 rooms, price S1000; 12 rooms, price $".50.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $323.
'8 rooms; finely furnished: rent $30; $500. .
If a bargain, we, have them at any price.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market Et. (near Fifth et.).'
Phone Mint 1911. .
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
864V& Mission st . -
LODGING-HOUSE leasehold— 29 rooms, fur-
nished; Mission district; $225. Box 4301, Call.
FOR SALE— Houso 11 rooms on Taylor st
cheap If sold by July 1. Box 3653, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM. *
MRsTj. J. W^nTNEY^
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
st car: Bit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separat«l: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Residence" (no signs). 3S McAllister st. - .
MATERIALIZING seance to-night: readines.
50c. $1: spirit photos taken. ARNOLD DICK-
SON. 148 Sixth st. « ¦ .
MRS. S. A. LIVINGSTON, artist trance, test,
business sittings; daily; hours 11 to 8, except
.Sunday. Parlors 31 and 32, 1504 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings daily. 50c. \ ¦.
JOHN SLATER-Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:45: sittings daily, 10
to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. . DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. .Room 14. 305. Larkin
st: tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
JTME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
tonight. 6C5 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S circle to-night; 10c. 3250
22d, bet. Mission & Valencia; phone. Blue 954
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
KATlF. HEL'SSMANN. 136 West Mission st,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve., 25c; sittings daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings flallv: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. •
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant* and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. nest Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
pening? and protrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
I medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and
adviser, tells your name, what you called for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed: develops mediums In 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clairvoyancy: hours 9 a. m. to 9
pi m.: readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell st
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
• 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall; rend stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and SundaV,
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 23c up; satisfaction to everybody;
- cures diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c
gents tl; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MLLE. m! WILLE of Paris, clairvoyant,
trance, business medium; speaks French,
German, English: from 9 to 8; 50c. 215 Leav-
enworth st ¦
I MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason st., medium; palm-
ist; teaches mind telegraphy; advice on all
business; 4 questions by mail, $1; hrs. 12 to 8.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
i palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op.
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Mrs. Dr. Baylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $1.
151Ha Market, op. Van Ness: tel. Mint 1095.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by mall;
inclose, stamp. 1182 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
falls; readings. 50c. 1203 Mission st. cor. 8th.
MRS. BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MESMAR is the great fortune teller of this
city for peace of . mind. 1152 Mission st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th ;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card- reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address . In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET BEAT1.\G AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
jend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone Eas>t 126.
¦ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. ' 25-27 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 106L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 34»-
344 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works G H
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250/
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel/ Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. .3 Eighth -st: telephone Jesate 944.
CHIROPODISTS.,
INGROWN : nails, bunions. ¦ corns, . warts, chll-
blalns; painless "cure. Dr. Duncan. 415vSutter/
COLLECTION OFFICES."
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No <ThargT on"-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. r r
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL" Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market St. *„
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention/121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffatt
- HELP , •WANTED— -3IALE-—Con^^
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. ! U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less-than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
• lnofi. able to read and I speak English. / For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
-Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. -. -
BARBERS, Attention!— The State Board of
' Barber , Examiners are now In session daily
at Emma Spreckels building, room 204, from
9 . a. m. until 5 p. m. for the purpose ot
Issuing certlHcatea. In accordance with the
law regulating the practice of » barberlng- in
V California/' as passed at the session of the
last Legislature. P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
WANTED— Men to learn barber "trade; $60
¦ monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays: diplomas granted: busy season now:
call or write for. our special offer - to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys.,
-Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 318.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
' free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore gf
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons buggies,
carts. harness/Grand Arcade Horse. Market.
32i Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey, $140; handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busl-
ness buggy; all $300; will sell part 125 Geary.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. j
FOR sale— Camping wagon, light team and har-
ness. 12C2 Mission, room 2.
A CAMPING wagon, narness and tent for
sale. 404 Jackson st.
ALL kinds of waaron.", buKRJes, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN * SOX. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also lUht
rnTnning Tra gon . f or a a ) e cheap. 533 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job: four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
ft., room !5.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— ELEGANT corner house of 10 rooms and
bath. 1125 Leavenworth st, cor. Sacramento.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
TO rent for a term of months, furnished house
of 10 rooms; on Powell street, between Sac-
ramento and Clay. Apply to LANDRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny j5t -
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; centrally located. Box 4261 t Call.
COTTAGE of 8 rooms; 5 furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $16. 813 Church st.
! INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER,
i ~~
HOT bath' in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
dagger from explosion; sold on Installments:
, call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO., Exam, bldg., r. 607.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Small white fox terrier; liver spot over
right eye; no collar. Reward $5 if returned
to 2323 Hyde st. -, ¦ . - . .
i LOST — L/arge pug dog; long ears. -Return 1712
Webster St.; reward.
LOST— Purse containing $60 in gold; liberal re-
i vard If returned to 113 Franklin st
. : _i^__
LOST — Scarfpin; pearls surrounded by dia-
monds. Reward by returning to 5 Montgom-
ery st., San Francisco.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler.- 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to man^wealSyTadles
send lCc for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
- MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work gruar-
antetd. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
St.: tcl. B-jsH 421.- Factory 318 & 320 11th st.
A— RENOWNED eciallst; those who desire to
obtain results i v * .-nptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
. male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps th« unfortunate; the most obstinate
. cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
. indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4:
maternity home: bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market st, S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give ln-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale' 3.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful, herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless: consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS, DR. ALLEN, HIS Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable: 25 yrs' experience; treatment guarn'd
. to give instant relief from all female troubles,
,. avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs."
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Pest bet.- Hyde and^Larkln.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
¦ medicine used. 1314 Devisadero st. nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solutfon guaranteed to cure all.
skin diseases.- NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MINES AXD^MIXIXG.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, oc and
lCc per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we alway-3 have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, s 1023
Mission st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spaniels,
. Great Danes and St. Bernard puppies, set-
ters, pointers, fox, Scotch, skye, spitz, York-
shire, silver and bull terrier pups. Dachshund
and I Japanese pugs at College Kennels, 115
Haight St.: phone Page 1472. : . .
A— BUYS, sells i or rents gear." machinery, en-
gines, boiler?.*water p'pes, shaftings,' pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
A— J3.5O DERBY and Fedora Jiats. $1.75.. Popu-
- lar Price Hatters. 330- Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dres* pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND- machinery ot all kinds
•, bought, sold, rented, and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st
SPITZ dog. white, young and fond of children,
cheap. 2627 Pine st. .,
12 VERY nice jyirrots from Panama, $5 each
<S24 Greenwich st, ; near Powell.
NINE rooms and ' basement; must be moved:
apply on premises/ 1555 Pest st.
FOR sale— An express wagon. -Apply 1506 Pa-
cific street.. : \ - - <
HEADQUAP.TERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis at,.:"
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
. chine $37 50. , 109 - Montgomery st.
ONE • 4-horse-power ~ Covey engine : one 2%-
horse-power > Hercules : < bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New i and ' second-band. THE HER-
: MAN SAFE CO.. ; 417-423 Sacramento st. ,
ENGINES end boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st -
FAIRBANKS': 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
, lined safe, perfect order. 218 California at.
GASOLINE engines.' Id-hand, and other ma-
chlnery bought and sold. Epstein. 533 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
alt slzey; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
v boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
WE pay ' big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; phone Folsom 1094.
WANTED— A double bowling and shuffleboard
alley. Call or address 1516 Curtis st, Oakld.
H. LIPTON pays highest price for cast-oft
clothing. 7 Spring at., nr. Cal. ; tel. Green 594.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dreygfa. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
_' MONEY JTO LOAN.
A^MONEY tc loan at rates whica peoplo^can
- afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do buslnesa with strangers and
• you will be better satisfied: no delay; no pub-
licity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY
¦ ..".:: IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate,
undivided : Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any'amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
( mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSENl
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided Interest, real estate in probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN., 24 Montgomery St., room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st: teL Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st
MOST ''reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture', etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON lurniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$10CO; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal-
; no commission; private. Room 81, « Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required, S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan. building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL.V609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED:
$20,000 WANTED for real estatTdeaTTno "rl sit :
large returns. Exchange and Sale Office.
Phelan building. ' »
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
$75 cr $100 or $150 or $2C0 is not too much to pay
for a good second-hand piano— if you buy at
the right place. This Is the right place and
we have lots of good bargains to show; we
give the privilege of exchanging any piano
purchased from us for a Decker & Son at
any time- within 5 years from date of pur-
chase and allow full amount paid.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763
Market st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $5 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and ail
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY' piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to 'buy a
piano foam us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
0'FarreU st. : established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— t Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $125, $145. eta : easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ChickerinEr. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, kins of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargains; $50 up: rents $2
up allowed; we want agents everywhere:
pianos furnished free: you get first monev
when you sell. HEINE PIANO CO., 217
Geary st. . j ~ .
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upricht
pianos. $75 and upward; Steinway. Knabe.
Emerson, Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUENN. 208 Post st
BARGAINS — Fischer. Weber. Manner. Nusr^nt.
Hallet & Davis: easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister.
NEW works put In your old piano. BYRON
MAUZY'S Factory, 308 Post st.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano; absolute sacri-
fice: leaving city. 127 Hyde st, near Turk.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market »t.
\%% PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CUP.TAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright 217
Geary g t. . room 38. . . -
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 170fi Market St.. you
can get storage pianos Almost for a sons:.
SUPKFaOR violins, zither*, old and new. hT
MT'LLFR. maker, rewipr. 2 Latham nfao*.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EM1HA SPRECKELS building-. S27 Markst'st.—
Sunny o'flces. $15 to $20: wsual servWa.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nma
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants'" Ex.
COSTA RICA— La«t chance at 10c: big- advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mlnln* and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; al!
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. M6 Mission »t
__ ,. OIL LAXDs!
OIL lands, for sale or lease In all parts of thu
State. We can furnish you with lands In th*
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA ft. PKTERgQN. 3(U Examiner building.
v PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint-
ing done. 319 Third st Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkin: tdU-Mn 1^0
PERSONALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts, of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
.hotel, -44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6. per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
, Market gt. Between Seventh and Eighth.
RAG carpets wove to ¦ order and for sale, also S
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth,Oakland.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
POISON oak cured in one application or no "pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes at.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles' destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st
MOLES, warts and corns guaranteed taken out
without pain.' 24 Fifth st, room 19.
Ladles' and gents" cast-off clothing: bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 981 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made sult3. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor," cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis; 17 years" exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, win*
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mitt'
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, thai beat -
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
.' ,.i : '_¦-'. .'JPLATS ; : TO ' LET. , " /
A — 20 NEW flats. ~ '•'..' 6 new houses — - :. •----'
5 r.; 416 Clay ton.. $21 8 r.; new; 1180 Ellis. $40
6 r. ; new; 569 O'Far- 8 r.; new; 2414 Van:.:
¦-rel .'.........I..... 35 Ness ..:...'..;..i... 45
' 3 r.; 64S Jessie..... 10 6 r.; 1105 Page....... 19
6 r.; fine; 3C16 16th. 20 5 r.; 3 Pine pi........ 15
Apply ; A. M. ; SPECK & CO. . 667 Market st. ,
NICE corner, sunny flat of 4 rooms j and bath;
' furnished or unfurnished. '41 Hermann st. :
803 PAGE st; 5-room flat and bath; $17 50;. well
/located and healthy. <>*..- . ¦¦¦¦:-' .'¦; ¦¦-. :¦¦/ ', '¦
APPLY Sutter, 2300— 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
if seen; $22 50;-water. free;. please investigate.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale," 4 'rooms and:
bath.- -411- Kills st. •
FEW steps i from City Hall, 2 fine flats, g 5
.rooms and bath. . 10 .Grove st. :
NICELY furnished flat of 7 room*! bath, com-
. .- plete. Call 9 , to 11, 5 to 7, 3583 Nineteenth st
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$400 BUYS an 'elegantly furnished 4-room flat;
rent $22; near the Pleasanton; location un-
surpassed; call only bet/2 and 4. 710 Jones.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS fu7nlshiea r Tn\oak7$48 50. with No. 7
¦;. range King Furniture Co. . 1127-1131 Market. :
FURNITURE of -4 rooms ; for I sale cheap; no
dealers :need apply. Inquire 393 Haye3 st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL.' 'Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture;
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
. Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
: price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
. furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
•CHAS.iLEVY' buys - your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1185 Market st. : tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP • WANTED — FEMALE,
AT. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... .104 Geary st
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT .'
A pantry woman, springs, fare paid, see boss
here, $25. .'
( Cook, country hotel .: ..$40
Waitresses, springs all over the State.. ....$20
Waitresses, resort, commercial hotels.. $20-$25
Restaurant and , hotel waitresses, city..$20-$2()
.Fare paid to all country places...
• •••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any woman : or girl looking for position in
this department can obtain It by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
PASTRY- WOMAN for a first-class summer re-
sort : choice place ; $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
PANTRY- WOMAN, springs; see boss here this
. morning; fare paid; $25. . «
C. R. HANSEN & CO... -.104 Geary st.
NUR6EGIRL; care of small children; see party
here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ¦ 104 Geary st
MRS.-M. E. DAY ..Phone Main 1575
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT.,
2 waitresses, Lake Tahoe, $20, see party here,
fare paid; 2 waitresses, springs, $25; 10 wait-
resses, different mountain and coast resorts,
$20, fare paid; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 6 wait-
resses, commercial hotels, $20 and $25; cham-
bermaid/first-class hotel, country, $20.
iC FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Experienced nurse, young baby, ,.$20; many
choice private family places; best wages.
MRS. M.'E. DAY .....335 Geary st
WANISD— Parlor maid, $25; Protestant cook,
-no wash, $35/ short distance; 5 cooks, plain
wash, $25-$30; German cpok, $35; second girl,
. $25; 3 waitresses for the springs, $25; 7 hotel
waitresses," $20, city and country; 8 chamber-
maids and, waitresses, $20; nurse, $20; ironer,
$30 and found ; laundress, $30. private family;
a.- large number of housegirls, $20-$25, ; city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter St.. ' ' ' . .
I A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
i Bath woman, sprints, free fare each way.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents: must be in good health, un-
encumbered and furnish first-class references;
'salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-.
,sitlon permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department, 900 Star bldg, Chicago.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
' self-assertion r good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Lady with considerable experience
In laboratory work for. wholesale drug house.
Address box 3406, Call office.
WANTED— First-class saleslady for ladies' and
children's wtar store, with" 2 years', experi-
ence. .Box '3410,' Call.
APPRENTICE girl wanted at.E. MESSA-
.GER'S. 145 Post st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats.. 318
Third st.
LADY typewriter and ¦ advertising solicitor
wanted. 628 Montgomery, room 16, 3d floor.
WANTED-rGlrl for housework by the week; 50c
per day. ¦ 1421V& Hayes. St.; come to stay.
GIRL for second work and sewing. Apply 1124
Gough st. - .
WOMAN to do kitchen work. Call at 579 Har-
rison st.
BOOKER wanted at 115-117 Beale st.
NEAT young girl, from 14 to 17, to help with
housework. 1527 Fifteenth st.
WOMAN for light housework ; good home If
willing to assist -lady doctress; good pay;
state age. Box 3686, Call office.
WANTED— Excellent opportunity for woman
over 25; must have business ¦ experience and
executive ability. " Box 3500. Call office.-
LADY, good appearance, good talker, for well
paying proposition. 24 Montgomery st, room
8.- from 1-2 p. m.
RELIABLE woman, with or without. a child 4
too years old, to do light housework and care
for woman and child. 2520 Mission st
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. -
GIRL to assist in housework: sleep at home.
.737 Castro st, near Twentieth.
WOMAN wanted to do light housework.- Apply
MRS. JOCHEIMS, 110 Berry st
TWO clever young ladles to prepare for the
stage; good engagement guaranteed. Address
box 35S5. Call office.
WANTED— Ladies to travel; salary $18 a week,
all expenses;' no canvassing; experience un-
necessary; $25 cash security required. Call
at Florence Hotel. 102/- Ellis St.. KKAPP CO. I
WANTED— 2 first-class lady ironers; one of j
¦ * them must be be able to run shirt machine; i
wages, ironer. $30 and found; polisher, $35
v , and found. N. JOENSEN. Woodland. Cal.
OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ..•'¦'.¦¦ - '
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office, for call advertisements ami
-subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - - .-•."':, .: - •
HELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
AT C. R. HTN^N^&^C^S^T^^'Ge^rjrst
FOH NEW RAILROAD WORK. .
50 teamsters; ship to-night; free fare; Truckee
50 laborers; ship to-night;, free fare; Truckee
; 100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers. .$2, $2 50
a For Chatsworth Park; ship to-night; free fare
50 laborers: ballasting track:.. ...".coast road
"Laborers/ Santa Barbara and L.. A. division
Ship to- nl2ht...... free fare...:.. ship to-night
. . 50 - teamsters, - laborers,"^ axmen and choppers
-'for new work en Cal. and NW.Ry.,. Ukiah;
y free fare. ......;..;... '
10 Scandinavian laborers..$2 a day and, board
?For manufacturing plant; country," steady
-work; fare advanced. :.......... see party here
10 lumber 'pliers, * country sawmill, $35, $30;
farmers and ¦ ranch teamsters, $26 and £30; 6
iv- milkers,*. $30; 10 drillers and laborers . for
' quarry, $2 25 and $2 a day; blacksmiths, ' $2 50
and $3 a. day; choremen, $25 and .$30;- dairy-'
• man, •- $30;<"75 laborers for large : company,
country, $2 25 a day. ...••-¦••¦ -
t HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Shampooer, and wife for springs, $70; 2 broll-
ers, $70 'and- $60: 2* fry' cooks,- $60 and $50:
• second cook, " resort, - $50; ' 3 .cooks,' country
hotels and resorts; $50; sllverman, country
'¦:•¦ hotel. $25, • fare paid; waffleman, * country ho-
• :tcl,- 340; butcher, country shop, . $35; 10 dish-
washers andikitchen hands, < $30 and $25../...
Barkeeper ; with :' good > references, > $50; head
-¦porter, • large hotel, • $60//. ........../': ¦
• C. R. HANSEN ;& CO.. -...104 Geary St.
A— WANTED | this morning. 7 a. m., 3 lumber
-•¦;¦:' pliers; ¦; $35 • and ; found. C. R. : HANSEN &
:.. CO., 104. Geary ,¦ st. '- . ?\ .-,;..¦.
MAN; with' 4-horse team to haul, wood; 2 far-
-mersand wives.- small places, .-: $35 - and $45-
stableman/ private family, 1 $30: stableman for
country;- $30; \ butter-maker, , $40; milkert, $30
I and : $35 : * 10 farmers,*: $30, . steady? work :", team-
. Eters,' $30; /gardener,: $30; sack sewer,;>$2 50
' " day; : miners : laborers for mill and > woods
: .railroads, mines - and •. quarries. J. F. CRO-
- SETT & CO..- 628 Sacramento st. i .
COLORED waiter, .- $35 i and found ; , 4 colored
• boys for steamer. ¦: $20 and i found ; short-order
$30 -and" found;* restaurant' cook, $60;*
.cook for. resort/ $40; dishwashers and others
-: : J.-F.:CROSETT. & CO.,? 623. Sacramento st j
S/ F. EMPLOYMENT Office.: 323 ; Kearny ft—
Baker' s : helper, ¦¦¦ must '¦' understand ' German ;
•,20 R. R. ; teamsters; i Ukiah, • $2 day; free fare*
125 ; laborers, j lumber; mill s and ; R. , R." work. v<
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomerj'.rm. 12—
Bath man for springs, ' free fare each way.
__HELPJWANTED— MALE— -Con. -
A— MURRAY & READY7rr~.Phone~Main 5S4S
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents/:
T ,.;/'* Open ,7 a. m. To-day.
RAILROAD WOKK:. . . ............... . .UKIAH
i C N.; W. R. R..........PASS ...UKIAH
60 laborers; ship free//.... ......... ......%1 day
.>50Ueamsters; 'daily... ./ .:.^i efciy
: S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work:... FREE i'ARK
; , < 75 men to work on section, steel, rock, bal-
last and extra gangs on all divisions In Cal-
1- >J or 2la. including Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara divisions:..... ¦' ....
FREE FARE; office fee $l/...'."/.".".V../......./
,•••;• •• ..........wages $1 75 to $2 25 day
~- 1575 laborers for different places....../.... ...
3 laborers; fare 70c .........$38 and foun.l
Za laborers; near city....... $eo
30 laborers for a large company ...$J day
, 15 quarry, men..'.'. ......./../..„.......:... $2 day
84 drillers and powder men....... $2 25 day
:125 laborers for sawmill, $2U to $40 and found;
M*?t r f P ald - ••-•••••••••••• ••-•¦.......: Ship to-day
.10- laborers- for ¦. a". new lumber company; $35
! /to $65 and found.:../... '.................'
15 laborers,\San Mateo Co...... $32 and found
10 laborers to dig a' ditch; dry work; $175 a
day; see: boss here. ..#\......
3 laborers; factory ;: city... /..../.... ..$i 75 day
S^men; R. R. work.. ....FREE FARM
47 laborers, no experience required, to work
¦.; in and on top of . mines.;.../. .................
. -••/• $75, $60 and $34 and found
| ...............::.../ MINES
•2 Burlelgh drillers/..:............:;.. $3 day
3 machine miners; 10 single-hand miners; 4
more asphalt -miners; see boss here; $2 day
2,- and , found ; fare refunded... .../...... ... ...
:........... SAWMILL AND WOODS. ..........
10 crosscut sawyers; free fare.. $35 and found
5 jackscrewers. Sonoma Co. .....$35 and found
• 4 line men, 3 yard men, 5 woods men, $30 and.
found •.¦..¦..¦/./.......... ...... .....:...-
'FOR A NEW SAWMILL — 5 men to work in
' mills and yards; $35 to $65 and found; steady
". job year round... ../. .../.;
10 laborers for mills, -yards and woods; free
fare; ship to-day. .$26 to $40 and found
NEW WORK. .......DITCH WOKK
. 10 drillers, $2 53 day; 10 tunnelmen, $3 day;
S 25 laborers, $2 25 day; see boss here ......
HARVEST......... FARMS .. .„.. ..DAIRIES
247. men to work in harvest and hay fields in
all parts of State, $1 25. $1 5U and $2 day; 5
¦farmers, fruit ranch, fare 50c $26 and found;
.5 fruit pickers, $30 and found; 125 farmers,
steady Jobs. $26 to $S0 and found; 76 milkers,
different . dairies, $30 to $25 and found; 3
milkers, city; butter maker; 17 stablemen;
teamsters for mine, steady Job, $40 and
found .'
¦ .............MECHANICAL HELP.............
. Painter, country... '..... ../../. ...$3 day
15 blacksmiths, city and country shops and
ranches. $3 50, $3 day,~$oO. $40^and found.... i
• 5 more carpenters, | sawmill cofcipany, . Ions '
.job, $2 to $3 day and found ; wagon maker
and .wood worker, $3 day; carriage painter;
4 carpenters for a large ranch, $40 and found; ]
carpenter, fare paid. $1. $2 25 and fd. ; helper i
in boiler shop. $2 25 day; holder in boiler
shop, $2 day;. 2 boys to deliver circHlars.'
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
15 ranch cooks, $25 to/ $35; 5 cooks for orch-
ards, $:'O and found; 17 cooks, hotels and res-
'taurants; 15 waiters; porter, country hotel.
$25; cook, small camping party, $20 and
found; 5 bak"eTs, city and country; laundry
help; 2 cooks; harvest .crews, $30 and $35.,..
man and wife, harvest crew, $50; 2 men to
clean • cattle \ casings, $52; man and. wife.
orchard company, see boss here, $50..
MURRAY & READY.......... 634-636 Clay St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st. ; Telephone Bush 405.
50 railroad laborers $1 75 to $2 25 per day
Freeware.... Free Fare Free Fare
8 lumber pliers, .$35 to $45 per mo. and board
.5 rough carpenters. ............. ..$2 60 per day
10 laborers, $14 per week; steady job..........
10 men to ballast track $2 per day
5 bark peelers;.... .$45 per month and board
3 drillers, $2 50 per day; 2 teamsters, city
10 men for harvest fields... .$2 per day j
Blacksmith, country town...... $3 50 per day
10 mill and woodsmen, free fare.. ship to-day
4 mento cut wood, pine, 4 ft..$l 25 per cord
. 6 tlemakers, lie ..free fare
Cook for country hotel ../... $40
4 teamsters to haul hay $25 per month
Spool tender, logging woods.. ..$55 and board
Edgerman, sawmill, country.... 35c per hour
Head donkey engine man,- $60 per mo. & brd.
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 per day
50. railroad .laborers, Ukiah.. ....$1 75 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
20 common laborers.. :$2 25 ner day
. 25 tunnelmen '. $3 per day
PACIFIC COAST Barbers' Association meets
to-nlKht at 1E3, Fourth st; all proprietors of
' 10c shops invited; Important business.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market Et., .room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
1000 /MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock drillers,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to worK on
ditch and pipe line being constructed f.ir the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near WVavervIl It? I
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply -on work; steady
work, • good board and best wages In State, j
San Francisco Construction Co., 26 Mont-
gomeryst. room 25, San Francisco, Cal. '
WANTED— A dress goods salesman for out of
town ; must be a good salesman, sober Jr><i
furnish the best of references. Apply tj-
day at 11:30 a. m. at Hale Bros., Inc., S79
Market st. ; inquire for Mr. E. W. Halo.
WANTED— Two men to canvass from house to
house with an article needed in every housej
can make from $4 to $5 a day easy. Apply 4
. Sutter place, near Laguna.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light, gen-
' teel work; will pay $16 to $20 per week; expe-
rience not necessary; must have $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary St., room 1.
WANTED— Young man who is a first-class
silk and dress goods salesman. Apply HALE
BROS. ;
BRIGHT boy, 17 years, to learn trade; oppor-
tunity to advance; paid while learning. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO., 33 Market st.
WANTED— Young man for janitor work;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 1408. Call office. -
WANTED— Steady .man to take interest in
"commission business: $150 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777^ Market st
WANTED— A German bartender for extra I
work Sunday3. 640 Stanyan st, Golden I
Gate Park. /
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man, F. PERSON
room 412. Earrott building.
WANTED— 2 bushelmen; steady work; good
wares. 2804 Greenwich St.. " j
BUSHELMAN wanted: call at once. HENRY
HILP, 106 Battery St. ' , i
ENTRY clerk' for wholesale dry goods house;,'
state references • and salary. Box 3402/ Call, j
TAILOR wanted; good wages.- Corner Green-
.- wlch and Lyon sts... •' '
WANTED— Advertising man. 62S Montgomery I
st, room 16, third floor. |
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c [
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts. j
i 50 LABORERS. $2 per day; 5 drillers $' *>3 I
~per day. 212 Ninth st. .¦" •„¦.•-_,¦ .¦'.-¦• j
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop. 131 Third I
street. * ' j
PRESSBOT wanted. GOLDWATER & CO
printers/ 433 Stevenson st. bet. 5th and 6th.
PAPER box cutter; steady* work"; good wages
522 Market st, 4th floor. :.'-"rZ
'YOUNG butcher; $10 to $15 per week. 1823 Point
Lobos ave. , . ¦ ;
BARBER shop for sale on account of sickness;
-one chair. 1933 Mission st. v
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. " 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD blacksmith and horseshoer .forvcountry,
near city; wages $3: steady place; mostly
light work. Call at HOLT BROS.. 32 Main.
SOLICITORS— Two Al advertising solicitors;
good, proposition. - Call from' 8Uo 10 a. m.,
room 10, 508 California . st. . - ,
SMALL boy to 'guide blind man In and out of
/city.. .255 Stevenson st. \ \
GOOD . biCrber ; steady job. Apply 725 Fourth
street, San r fael; tel. . Red 15. :
UNDERPRESSER on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED^At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
fakers; also confectioners; good pay; perina-
¦ nent ,' positions. 127 Mason st.
ENTERPRISING 'man': for outside position
awtth a", lironiinent life- insurance company;
g cUy or country;, liberal commission.- Address
IT. ,W. KNOLL, 431 California st. San Fran.
WANTED— Laborers 1 and mechanics x to know
¦ that Ed ' Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
¦ : runs Denver House/ 217 Third st. ; ¦ 150 large
. , rooms ; 25c , per night : ; $1 to $2 per week. < --. -.-. <:
WANTED— A man with $300 as a partner in a
; first-class restaurant to. attend to cash coun-
- ter. ' Apply at ¦ 26^ Kearny , st./ room 9. - , ./
WANTED--40 tall '• men ' for I the - production of
"Under Two Flags", at Columbia Theater;
•^ ¦ stage : door - this ¦ morning ? at 9 :30. " *
BARBERS- 2-chalr shop with baths In near-
Apply DECKELM^
WANTED-An experienced"; man . or boy for
-peddling fruit. Call at 563 Natoma street, 7
'¦ o clock a.m. . . _. : ' .
PENSION /AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS
'E as » c " mm an<3er Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
•¦; G. ¦ A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. SOS ffarket.
3-CHAIR barber *hor> J for sale : i stand inspec-
»' tlon; going, to Nome. 503 Haight street , • . :
F^SS!^ 38 losing i blacksmith. 'A. T.
A BECRAFT., Twenty-third and ; Bartlett' sts.
vb£o^ k ?co.; Sfsu'SeT^ ;^r^Eisi
W^^ >E «5r"^ ell f, ble young man with some
;.. ¦, cash ; : S40 month ; no ¦ experience. ¦ 496 Fourth.
5C0 »J Iien ' to Duy I new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up;; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week/men's suits to '
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny, st. i °
. : :.' DENTISTS.-"', • \, \':-\y -
AT the ELECTRO-D^ETjTATr^lTlNIcTloTMaP
- ket st, cor. -4th. rm- 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done' painlessly; \ teeth
-¦ without plates our specialty; gold / crowns,"
$J CO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. jr., W. THATCHER. M.? P.. .Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings- by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience : - no students ; advice free ; prices
. cheapest and guaranteed; : lady . attendants.
DR. GEORGE W: LEEK/20 O'FarreHst.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5: full set; al! work painless and
warranted.- Chicago Dental Parlors/24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to buildup a prac-
tice will .fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
. and bridge work . at bedrock prices. . OfHce
. 1141 Polk st., corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: ; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3;. fillings, 25e.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist.* third floor, Ex-
amtner building; formerly. In Murphy bldg. /
LOWEST prices In S. F. P-'nless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. Dentists; S69 M-» . on fit /, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market «t. corner Sixth. ,
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
VOTTNC.^1341 Polk at ,
.... - ' ' EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-lkLCR^H^olie^eT^aTrotrbldg^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping;. Robert
x. Gallagher, expert court reiferter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-:
•¦ tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue/
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post • st.
s - F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand,. tj-Ding, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
& night sessions; new SO-pase catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— DaJv
& eve. : bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $30; - individual
Instruction; positions secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. : .
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, tyo-
injr, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: HalTett School,
associated with theatrical ¦ agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlnlng.mfch..snr-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; est. 1864. "Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
FREE scholarship In -return for two hours'
work daily; none* but strong, steady young
men need apply. 305 Larkin st, 5th floor.
INSTRUCTION In grammar grade and high"
-school work. Apply . 86 South Park; refer-
encea. MISS JEAN PARKER.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin
mandolin and guitar. 100S Mission st, nr. 6th!
Munson. School Shorthand.Typiner.Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
VIOLIN thoroughly taught. MRS. i MAUD
MONKS. 2211 Fillmore st. ; tel. Geary 717.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, erammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any .address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1/
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faultjT'nutrN
tlon, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases. •
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. $ Mason.
| . EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
JAPANESE H^u^e^l^a^U^g^oT^TTioT^u^nTyTe^
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of ail kinds;
.cooks, waiters and Louse servants. GEO
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kfnds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German American girl wants
'a position as chambermaid, country • hotel, I
boarding house or summer resort; good refer- i
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
AMERICAN .woman, elderly, neat and rella-
I ble, wishes to go as housekeeper; used to the
care of children; capable to do entire work
of family; wages $12 month. Box 3593, Call.
ALL-ROUND cook and help: can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
French or German cook;_flrst-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma st;
GOOD, obliging woman wishes situation to
do general housework; city or short distance
into country; good plain cook and laundress
227 Minna st.
YOUNG German girl wishes to assist in light
housework and care of children. Address
box 3403, Call office. .
A LADY wishes situation to do housework
and cooking; will go to country. 1018 How-
ard st. \ \
A NEAT American girl wishes situation to do
general housework, city or country. Please
call at 613% Natoma st, near Seventh.-.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation:- city
reference. Call 222 Dore st, off Harrison,
between Ninth and Tenth.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl desires
situation; best of refs. Miss Cullen, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG country girl desires situation in small
family. 325 Fourth st. ., ¦¦¦ ,
YOUNG lady wants position as housekeeper.
Room 15, 827A Howard . St.
WANTED- Plain sewing . and gents' mending
to dc at home. Call 150 Fourth st. ;
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
housework; is a good cook; city or country;
no postal cards answered. -. Address 10
Stockton place, off Grant r*ve.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wants a position to do light housework In
? a small family; Is a good plain cook; no
postals. 712 Natoma st; upper flat.
GERMAN lady wishes housework or situation
housekeeping; wages $15. Apply ,1331 Scott
St., bet. Elite and, O'Farrell. '
AN American woman would like to . do light
housework in the city or country; references.
61 Douelass st. ¦ „ -
YOUNG lady would like position In family as
nurse girl and teach music lessons. ; Apply
1217 Folsom st. -.. ¦: -. -¦
A YOUNG g-irl would like a position as sales-
lady In a bakery or stationery store. Call . or
address 126 Silver st. ,
WOMAN would like to work by day or half
day; quick and neat. 232 , Natoma • st. :/
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near,Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to
. $6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.- ¦ -' ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 109S
Valencia st _ . * ¦.,.¦-'•.¦
EMPLO YMENT "WANTED—MALE.
YOUNG man who can speak ' French, German,
Spanish, Dutch and English fluently wishes
. a situation in a hotel; can furnish best of
reference. Box 3407, Call office. . '
A MAN : wants a position ', to do any kind of
work;; home more of an object than wages.
Box 3409, Call offlse. : : - :
EXPERIENCED purser, freight or ' shipping
. clerk, is open for engagement. Box 3404, Call.
MAN and ' wife, would: like situations in" pri-
vate-family in country; woman a good cook
: and housekeeper, man to do any kind of
work about the place; "good, steady, people.
Box 3689, Call office/ .
ELDERLY- man .wants: work in' the city or
-'country' to, tend, to horses or cows and make
himself useful around the . house; | reference.
• 278 Natoma Et ¦*;•.'. \ :.;¦' . • -> ¦
SITUATION wanted by industrious German-
. speaking single man; can' take . care horses,
rigs, ~ lawn, milk and : is handy 'around prl-
, vate place; good references. -.' Box -35S6, ¦' Call."
GERMAN man and '.wife wish situations on
ranch; .man care - horses - and - work .'about
; ranch, wife good cook.- Box-3582/> Call/r;---v
$100 BONUS— Position wanted by experienced
. .. shipmaster as officer of - steamer ¦ or master
sail. Box • 3587. ' Call office. ¦ / - " ./ ;. ; ;
LAUNDRYMAN. reliable, sober, wants 'posl-
. ilon as . marker and distributer -~ In country
laundry; ¦; will make, himself . generally use-
ful. Box 3672, Call. ¦-'.,.¦ r
ACCOUNTANT, experienced." desires position;
reference ? given/ Box 3580, ¦¦¦¦ Call. :-', ¦-¦¦¦.". - .
RELIABLE man - understands care of ; horses,
cows, chickens, etc. ; good • driver ; ' . handy
.'.with tools. Box 3584, Call office. ., .-;,? >
CLASSIFIED advertisements aad subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St. 1
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
, Valencia st •-....
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
| Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every night In tl* year. ¦»"
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery «treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
tOO Hayes Etreet: open until 9:30 p.m.
C3» McAllister street; 'open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ontil 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh etreet: open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore strgft: open until 9 p. m.
MEBTEVG NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. ¥r
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be n,
held in Commandery* Hall. Masonle W*
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «pw
June 20, 1901. at 8 o'clock. Degrees 6. 7, 8, t.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— •
Stated meetlnsr THIS (THURSDAY) .ft,
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- /SJk
por.lc Temple, 2668 Mission street • » '
Business, Royal Arch degTee. By order of
the H. P. JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A.' j»
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAT) || A_
EVENING, June 20. at 7:30 o'clock. y3^/S
Third degree. By order of the Master. * v
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge Nc. 120. F. and A. ft
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- ~^V_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First ;K2f
degree. Masons cordially invited. By / V '
¦ order of the W. M.
FREDERICK . BARRY, . Secretary.
i ¦
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, m
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock for %2f
Third degree. Master Masons cordial- • ™ '
ly Invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. UARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216— Special meeting *
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at Jl
6:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master g Tf
Masons are Invited. By orde- of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. »
and A. M.— Franklin Hall, Fillmore st. Jk
between Bush and Sutter. Third degree 'EJ T?
THIS (THURSDAY) EVKN1NO at 7. f^9^
HARRY BAEHR. -
TERBA BUENA Lodge- No. 15, Ut .jSsaffiWga.
O. O. F.— All offlcers of the lnlti- ¦iggSSSg;
atorv team are requested to be -^SSSfeSr
present THIS (THURSDAY) "3«ttW"*
E\'ENING at 7:30. By order of the N. G. .
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. Secretary.
V. G. W. of A.. Local 131— Regular meet-
ing will be held on THURSDAY, JUNE 20/
S o'clock. In El Dorado HalL Alcazar build-
ing. O'Farrell st E. CORPE, Secretary.
CHARLES A. CALHOUX,- President.
AGEXTS WASTED.
WANTED— A few good solicitors for a good
• proposition. Golden Rule Brokerage vOf flee,
100SH: Market st. room 4. ." .
AGENTS— Do you want something: more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
GOOD reliable agents wanted, v Apply at 1207
Mission st.. third floor.
¦— — — — —^-^— — — —^—^— —^— ¦
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. FELTTER. aschalt rocflng. sidewalks re-
palred: portal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success: collections.. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stockton.
— . . . — ___ ,
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
£,. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
.. ket st. consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WOMAN wishes to take charge of a child: a
good home and plenty of fresh air; terms rea-
sonable. Address box 3405, Call office.
BERKELEY lady would like children to board;
rood home; fresh cow. 2127 Prince st, Ashby
Et&tion.
GOOD "country home for children, with best
of care. H. M.. S33 Forty-sixth st. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
car»*:sunny yard:nr.school:reaj=onable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS — NEW-A3TD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
1A^«OOo7~G^O^E^Y~wTt"h^barT "rent" $50; on
Fourth St.. close to Market; a well-known
and good-paying business: sickness of wife
compels owner to leave the city. Call R.
, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$1300— CANDY store and factory In Oakland:
' rent $30; the place clears above >$200 per
month; owner has other business and must
sell. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $350: DELICACY store and branch- bakery I
with S living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A — tl250; CORNER grocery and bar; estab.
years; living rooms; rents $25; located on lead-
ing business «.. cor. Natoma: death In family
cause eale. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— $700: CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In the
Mission; a steady and good-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $2000; COUNTRY saloon. 20 miles from S.
- F. : rents $35; place doing business of ISOO0 per
year; license tlOO per year; lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $600; DELICACY, with home cooking: de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$1500 — LIQUOR. store; downtown corner.
$5C0 — Country saloon and restaurant; no op-
position.
$1200— Dairy and rood paying route.
$475 — Candy store and icecream parlor.
J125 — Cigar store; laundry agency.
1500— Saloon: transfer corner; low- rent
$6E0 — Restaurant, downtown; fixtures, etc
worth $500.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth Investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market St.
A— WE have buyers for cilgar ' store, $1000; sa-
loon. $4000 to $5000; barber shops. $500 and
tllOO; general business, $600 and $1000: list
your business with us: no charge for adver-
tising. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market
J2S&— PARTNER wanted In old established
commission business; will clear $75 to $105
per month to each; no experience required
See STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny et -
TOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market et.
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
A— $400; PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness : must be satisfied with $100 ma - refs
required and given. FISHEH. 935 Market St.
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market Bt.
FOR sale— Whole or half Interest In" bakery.
Interior city, first-class location; g-ood busi-
r.ess. clearing $300 to $400 per month; can
be fully investigated. Address "Anna Ba-
ken-." box 3401, Call office. San Francisco.
FOR sale at a bargain— First-class - country
hotel, on railroad and terminus of stage'
line; has all the stage patronage; owner re-
tlring. Address box 341L Call office.
$150— BRANCH bakery and variety store: bar-
galn. 840 Bryant st.
LADY partner as clerk In established dyeing
and cleaning office. Box 3328, Call office.
FOH sale-$3000; old-established flower «tore.
with nursery, hothouse, etc, boiler, horses,
•wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions:
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 5C0 Haight st.
A GOOD. live man with $250 can make $2000
to 530C0 per year either In Oregon. 'Nevada
or Arizona; exclusive State agency for manu-
factured goods. Call or address J W ¦ "•l
Pai-rott building. "'
AUK you ambitious to eet Into a legitimate
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal? Here Is an opportunity; write us. lnclos-
¦.ns 25c. stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company. 727 Market rt.
DAIRY depot clearing $2 daily; best offer In
town: $200 wi:i take it; some delivery If de-
Flred Box 3504. Call office. , . "
1750-PARTNER in butter business; a moneyl
maker; will stand Investigation. Box 36S7,
$200— MUST sell: saloon; bargain; good reasons
C40 Commercial et. 2 doors from Kearny.
DYEING and cleaning business for sale cheap
Apply 2518 Market st,
MILK depot for Eale cheap. Call. branch 166
Eleventh st .
COFFEE and chop house for Bale; price $60.
. GOOD opening for barber shop aad baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia «t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription"
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.* George P." Tallant (owner) with Cook. &
Young (contractors)— Excavatmsr. concrete, car
penter and brick work. 'plastering, tlnnlny.
glazing, galvanized . iron .work, electrical work
and plumbing for a three-story attic and base
ment f ram*»»buildlnff ¦ (eii»rit (Tats), on NE cor
ner of Devisad*ro : and Washington streets, • E
110 by K »:«; J23.522. • .
J.' William Bcyken (owner-) with JohnH.
Munster .' (contractor). , architects Martens &
CofW-y — All work except; plumbing, painting,
finishing hardware. . electrical - work, ¦ tiling.
mantels, pas fixtures and shades' for
story frpme residence on E ¦ line- of -Howard
street. 120 N of Nineteenth, N 60 by E 122 :«;
szha. : ¦ ¦ . ¦ . . - . . • • •
Charles -.Brockstedt., (owner) with William
Lemser (contractor and architect) — All work for
a' one and - a half . story and basement ' cottage
and stable in rear, on Vlcksburg' rtreet, 65. S of
Twpnty-thlrd* thence It7:6 to alley,' between
Twenty-third and .Elizabeth streets: $1900.-.
VA. "VV. Pattlanl (owner) with Gray. Bros, (con
tractors)— Excavating, grading, concrete work
and plastering on concrete, for flve-stcry frame
building. "Hotel Atlanta." on N Ellis street.
1S7 W of Jones. W 38 by X 120: $3100.
- Mrs. Rose Latz (owner) with N. A. Carlson
{contractor), plans by owner — All work- except
hardware and mantels for a two-story and
basement frame ; buiMlner, on NE corner of
Jackson and Walnut streets, E 27:6 by N 127:8;
J55C0. •.''.'- "
Wolff and Mary Levy (owners) with W. E.
Grant (contractor) — All work for a one-story
attic and. rough basement frame building, on
E line of South avenue. 25 S of Rlchland ave
nue. S 25 by E ICO, lot 65, block , Holly Park
Tract; ?14B0. . .
Builders' Contracts.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
William Corbin, • lots 20 and 21. in subdivision
E Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $500. . -¦- • •
. Barbara and John B.* Clark to Emily Scadden.
lot. on E line «)f Bryant street. 434 N of, East
Fourteenth, N 50 by E 146. being, lots 51 and
52.. block A, Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $1500. , • .'¦¦'
¦ San Francisco Savings Union to David D.
Sutphen, lot on N line of San Jose avenue,
172 W of Lafayette street. W 4« by N 150. block
11. Map -of Bartlett 50-Acre Tract, Alameda;
S3CO0. a .. - ¦
Edward D. Judd to Julia May, lot 3. block
C, Map of the Judd Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10. v '
Joseph H. and Mae Crosby to Home Build
ing: Company, the W 117 feet of lot 10, Map of
Forest > Park . Tract, subject to deed of trust,
Brooklyn Township; $10. .
C P. and Jennie Jonea to William Corbin,
lot 7 and N 12:6 of lot 8 in subdivision E.
Map ! of frultvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Lyman and Sarah J. Allen, James H. and
Sarah M. Robertson to W. J. Mortimer, lot
25. block B. Janes Tract. Berkeley; $2000.
John H. Colen to Ferdinand Fricke. lot 17.
block A, Dlmond -Tract, Frultvale, Brooklyn
Township; $650. . •
Eda and Henry Bena to Henry M. L. Cook,
lot 23, block W, amended map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn" Township; $10.
Da*id ¦ E. and Annie G. Jones to William
Corbin. the "W 30 feet lot 16. Keller's Rose Park,
Oakland; $10.
Estate Charles S. Haley (by May A>Haley.
executrix) to George A. A. Gray, all Interest
in lot 41. block 44 i. Adeline and Market Street
Homestead. Oakland; $100.
Georsre A. Gray to'Isadore Willie, lot 41.
block 444, map of same. Oakland; $300.
". Joseph 'C. Saxton to United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, same. Berkeley; $5000.
Ella E. Saxton to Joseph C. Saxton. | lots 30
and 37, block E, Claremont Tract, Berkeley;
gift. •¦.... ._
George and Carrie R. Sterling to George W.
Howell, lots 36 and 38. map of Piedmont Tract.
Oakland Township; $1500. - • . }
Rosa M. ' Buel to John and Annie Maloney.
lot on NW line of Eighth avenue, 75 NE of
East Eleventh street. NE 37:6 by NW 150, block
33, Clinton, East Oakland; J2C0O.
Mrs. Julia Kirk (widow) to Charles A. Sum
mer, lot on SE line of Tenth avenue, 98 SW of
Twelfth street, SW 2 by SE 100. block 36. Clin
ton.' East Oakland. Quitclaim deed: J1C0.
on S line of Eighteenth street. 100 ~W of Castro.
"W 25 by S 67:6, block 280, Boardman's map.
Oakland; $1100.
by railroads. .--¦<¦•
Taxation of railroads and other public util
ity corporations in the same proportion as the
values of farm and other property.- . ..-.,'
Direct legislation by tha initiative and refer
endum; a graduated Income tax; that what
ever is used as money shall be full legal ten
der, issued by the genera! Government in suf
ficient volume' for business purposes, and that
volume fixed in _ proportion to population; just
election Iaw3 throughout • the State! home
rule for cities and abolition of the pres
ent 8jfctem of using the police as a standing
army to carry primary elections In the in
terest of dishonest politicians; election of
United States j Senators by popular vote.
Resolutions eulogizing the work of the
late ex-Governor . Pingree- of Michigan
were adopted. - -
J; H. Cook, chairman of the Populist
State Central Committee, . stated that he
"would soon issue a call to some of the
State Populist committees, at least those
in Kansas, Iowa, Nebraska and Colorado,
inviting them to take up the work of unit
ing the reform forces in the country into
the third party, with the ultimate purpose
of effecting a national organization.
The committee organized by electing J.
H. Cook, Fusion-Populist, chairman; W.
H. Hillls, Middle-of-the-Road Populist,
vice chairman; F. S.' Kowalski, Public
Ownership member, secretary.
Merri weather at the conclusion of the
conference was asked:.
"Will not your movement only result in
turning' the State over to the Republi
cans?"
"I- don't know, but I would a little
rather have the Republicans win than the
present organization of Democrats. As
Mr. Bryan said to me last Monday, "I
like an enemy under his own* colors better
than one who flies my colors."
ATLANTA, Ga., June 19.— The Atlanta
Constitution to-night, in . response to a
telegram of inquiry, received a dispatch
from W. J. Bryan denying that he is af
filiated ¦ with the third party movement.
Mr. Bryan's telegram reads: ,- : .
IOWA CITY, la.. June 19.— The Constitution,
Atlanta: Telegram jrecelved. No truth in re
port. ' ~~ W. J. BRYAN.
KANSAS CITY, June 19.— The "allied
third '. party; movement," which; its pro
moters predict will result before 1904 in: a
national organization .. strong enough to
name a Presidential ; nominee, was
launched here this afternoon, t .-'
The conference was called, by Lee Mer
rlweather^of St.; Louis, who with twenty
two St. Louis leaders in the Public Own
ership party of that -city came to Kansas
City yesterday after a visit to Mr. Bryan
at Lincoln," where the Intention of the del
egation had been laid before the Nebraska,
statesman. Mr. Bryan, it was said, had
expressed sympathy with the movement.
Populists of , all persuasions,; Public
Ownership advocates, Free Silver Repub
licans', socialists, Single- taxers and Bryan
Democrats were represented. It was "said
that it was proposed to form a third party
in Missouri,. which. should finally be^-taken
up by the- dissatisfied in the old parties
from other States. A committee on or
ganization ' was, appointed and instructed
to report to-day. The committee, -which
•represented each element present to-day,
submitted the following set of resolutions
as the new party's principles, ¦ and they
were adopted: . , .
vi -v - Principles of the,' Party.
Public ownership of all public utilities, such
as railway, telegraphs, etc / i,
¦While awaiting the legislation necessary to
secure public ownership, ricid control of
freight and passenger rates and severe pen-
Promoters Predict That
\ ¦ - .New Party \ Will
: " V- a .Flourish. :. ..:•-..-
Expect ¦! Support From the
Dissatisfied Voters of
• v • Country. * -
REFORM FORCES
OUTLINE POLICY
. Hcrvcy R." Frrnch, - administrator cf th». es
tate of Lorenzo Dresco, to Frank B. Cook.' lot
Allie E. Stcne fwlfe of Charles W.) to Louis
Lnsun'K. -lofrn'N. Ine of Thirteenth street. 230
W nf.Weet, 30 by N 1C0 (gultclalm deed), Oak
land; ?io.> : : i -v .,'•-; ' ¦'--"• -.-¦¦¦-. -¦-'. '-.-¦:•
Charles E. . Hatch tn Sarah C. Hutch.. l<>t -on
S -line, of . Railroad ' av»nu«»."; 100:1 W of Cedar
street. W £0:lMi.-.a-£3:l ! «<. 1 E E0. N 93:74. to be
ginning, belnff lnt? 9 and 10, block 44, map n£
lards <m 'OaVland Point railroad ferry landing,
Oakland r 1 . ' »rtf t. ;¦ "¥**l!#lU*m(itSgt\ill*H*aUBa3pPtt
Winifred Hnll'to Sirah.A.'.'W. Donlln ' (wife
of Michael), 'lot* on" E line of • Willow street;
59:6 S.of Seward. S 33 :G by E 73, blocft 780,
Bowrdman's map, Oakland: gift. wK^apEBil
• Franfe ¦ B. '¦• Oedsn. - executor : of the estate, of
Elizabeth l^-VHutchlnson, -to'A. "J.- Pnyder;'all
interest in lot,<m E line nf Telegraph avenue,
238.02 N: of Bay- place (Twenty-sixth), E 140
by N 4$, Owktand; tlTK.' ..
A. J. and Sophie M.IFnyder.to S. H. Buteau.
all interest in fame,' Oakland; $10. - >"$*«*&^*ii^*^
.'Catharine O' Shea to . S. H. Miller. h»«rinnln<r
at a stake 50 feet from NE rorn»>r of Main and
Spring >treett«. N SO bv . E loo. Town of Pleas
arton. ¦' Mnrrsv . Township; $1500.- " , .
¦ r».- Ij. «.nd-. Lydla 'Ann Steele to Barbara M.
McPhatl (wife of ' John R.) , - lot on SE corner
of., Prince and Harper xtreets.E bo by S 100,
block 5, Central Park , Tract. B««rkeler: $3000.
Jans Sinclair, L Gay and Helen Sinclair Rob
inson to Eliza Gay. 3.98 acres, beginniner at a
point in center -of- Snrnce Ptrpf.t. 476 N from
center line of Rnse, W 670, N 378:8 to middle of
Cordonices • Creek. • thence up , center, of said
creek, following, th* meandering thereof In an
easterly 'direction' 786 :9.-S 231:6 to point of be
rinntng, being. a portion -of . Byrne Reservei
Berkeley; aliwviots 9 and 10. block 10, .map of\
property of Berkeley Villa Association, Berke
ley; *ift.
• Lucius- L. Solomons and Wallace. A. Wise
(trustees of Josefa de and Carlos Ezeta) to
.Toannh Taylor, D - — mortgage dated July
S.-19C0. 'all interest in lot on NE line of Ea«t
Fourteenth I Ktreet. 272 SE from Howard. NE
200. NW 22, NE 101, SE to center Sausul Creek,
thence S to NE line of East Fourteenth street.
NW 150 to point of beginning, Brooklyn Towti
ship. Trustee's Deed; $2950. ,' '¦ ¦-• ,
Jessie E. R, Sturrock Hall (formerly Jessie
E. ! R. Sturrock Wass, widow) to . Emma F.
Sturrock (widow), all .interest In following:
Lot on W line of Brush street. 50 N of Elpht
eenth. N BO by W 100; also lot 26. block 2097,
map of Alden Tract at Temescal : also lot on
WHne of Market street, 147.6i> N of Thirty
second. W 100.43. S 40.97, E to a point on W
line of Market street. 111.295 NfromN line
of Thirty-second street. N 36.295 tn beginning,
block 2040. Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
San 'Francisco Savings Union to John A.
Brown, lot on E line of Chester street 100 S W
of Third. S 25 by E 125, being lot 13. block
L. Bay View Homestead, quitclaim deed, Oak
land ; $ . . . - ; '¦•¦.•¦•¦
Fred L. Button to W. E. Dean, all Interest
In lots 5 and 13,* block L. Bay View Home
stead, quitclaim deed, Oakland: $ — ¦ — .•
"W. E. Dean to Toney and Roza Perelra, all
same. Oakland; $500. •. ....
Winifred Hall (widow) to Sarah A. W. Don
lln, lot on E line of. -Willow street. 59:6 S of
Seward, S 30:6 by E 75, block '700, Boardman's
map, Oakland: gift. . ¦ -:¦
George P., John T., Margaret J. and Anna
M. Smyth and Emma E. Bryant et al. (by
Clarence • Crowell, commissioner) to Central
Bank, rerecord 769 D. 426, lot on N line of
Locust street, 88.30 E of Telegraph avenue, E
31 by N 87, block 11, Pacific Homestead, Oak
land; $1667. .
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to Cella A..BIge
low, lot on N line of Allston way, 110.41W of
Mllvia, W 40 by'N 136. 1 beginning at lot 30.
block 1, Shattuck Tract, map 2, Berkeley; $1000
Jeremiah Smith to Etta Smith, lot 1. block
B, Judd Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Frank B. Ogden (executor estate of Eliza
beth L, Hutchlnson) to Arthur P. Holland,
all interest in lot - on E line of Telegraph
avenue, 195 N ' of Bay place or Twenty-sixth
street, E 140, S GO, E -10, S 35, E 240. N 234
W 253.98, S 140,. B therefrom 96. thence W 143
S 43, to beginning. Oakland; $5000.
• Addie R. and Jonas I. Bowers to Peter.Nel
sen, lot on S line of Ashby avenue, 500 E from
west boundary line bf Claremont Tract, ' E 50
by S 140, being lot 23, block E. Claremont
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $360, Berkeley;
$500. .,:¦.--
Georga W. and ' Mary H. Menef ee to Lydia
A. Steele (wife of D. I*), lot 15, block B, Sub
urban Tract, Berkeley; $1000. •: :«.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
G«orge E. Church, the NW % of lot 39A, plat
12; Mountain 1 View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $57.
Same to same, lot on E line of Telegraph
avenue, 117 S of Elm street, S 50 by E 122:6,
block U, map of Pacific Homestead, Oakland ;
$7000. •-¦/¦--.
Jane F. Mlllsap to William J. McKee, lot on
S line of Sixteenth street, 138 W of Adeline. W
28 by S 90, block 587, .Boardman's map, Oak
land; $3000. * ,
Manuel P. Rose to Maria P. Rose, lot on NE
corner of First and D streets. N 200. E 42S.10,
S 248.10. W 445.64. to beginning, Town of Hay
ward, Eden Township; gift, j
Interest in lots 1 to 5, block A. Melrose Station
Tract, Brooklyn Township; .$550.
Eugene ( Jr., Edward and Thomas, H. Kelly,
Paul Fuller and Daniel F. Sullivan, trustees
of the estate of Eugene Kelly, to Margaret' G.
Klinn, lot on E line of Fillmore street. -27:8 N
of Eddy, N 110 by E 100; $1050. '.
Margaret G. Fllnn to Annie Brandt, wife of
Martin G., lot on E line of Fillmore street,
110 N of Eddy. N 27:6 by. E 100; $3500.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley, by J. F.. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors,
to Ivy Ostrom, lot on W line of Steiner street,
57:6 S of Union, S 30 by W 100; $1300.
John A. and Belle Hoots to Marguerite G.
Golden wife of M. E.. lot on N line of Fil
bert street. 1S3:9 W of Broderick. W 25 by N
107:6; ?30C0. ' .' .•¦•-¦¦
John and Augusta Hedquist to Anna M> Ce
cil, wife of John, lot on S line of , Twenty-first
street, 105 W of Noe. W 25 by S 114; $3500.
G. H. Mangels to William Osterloh, . lot on
SE corner Drumm and Commercial streets, E
25 by S 30, . quitclaim deed; $1000.
Talete Venturt to Fannlt H. Crafts, lot on
W.llne of Pinkney place, 117:6 N of Broad
way, N 20 by W 57:6, with right of access to
Hlnckley street through court in the rear ' of
adjoining lot on N during term of lease; $3000.
Anton and Anna Herrmann to Maria Ghio.
lot on W line of Stockton street, 81:6 S of
Lombard, S 53 by W 137:6; $6500.
D M and Kate E. Cashln to J. H. Emme
len.Mot on W line" of Taylor street, 137:6 N of
Broadway. N 32. W 27. N 1, W 40, N 2. W 15.
S 3, W.18, S 32, E 100; $500T v
Annie Carroll to John W. Carroll, lot>on SE
line of Clementina street, 80 NE of Sceond,
NE 25 by SE 75; gift.
: Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to De»
nis and Ellen Brosnan, lot on-NE line of
Langton street, 100 SE Folsom. SE 25 by NE
80, quitclaim deed; $1. :
Moses and Bertha Fisher to John Itearden.
rerecord 1913 deed 333, lot- on NE corner Ver
mont and Twenty-flf th (Yolo) streets, E 103 by
N 25; *3000. ¦ ~
¦ Lloyd N." Scott to Benjamin Wood, lofc on E
line- of Vermont street,' 100 N of Marlposa, N
25 by E 100;v$2000. • %-.'¦¦ -¦ ' » ¦ . ."' ¦
Cassius E. Lamburth to Loretta Lamburth.
lot on N line of Sierra street.. 100 W of Mary
land. -W 25 by N 100; gift.-
Same to same, lot NE corner of Sierra and
Louisiana streets, E 50 by N 100; rift. .
Solomon and' Dora Gets to Alexandra O.
Schmidt, lot on NW corner of J street and
Eleventh • avenue. N 100 by W 32:6; $1500. ¦ ,\
Elizabeth J. Holley to Josephine E. Handy,
lot 4 block 16, University Mound; $500.
Olive Verkouteren "'to Hector MacLalne, lot
on SE corner of- Nineteenth avenue and J
street south, SE 75 by SW 100, block 388,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $500.
Alameda County.
George Althauser to John H. Ralph, all inter
est in lot on W line of Vallejo street at NE
comer of lands of Prosper Plourde and wife,
thence SW 200, thence W to center of Alameda
Creek thence SW to line dividing the lands
hereby described -from lands .of Plourde and
wife. ¦ E to beginning,, "Washington Township;
Clsius B. Tackle to Josephine Sherwood (wife
of John), lot 20 and E % of lot 21, block F," on
map of resubdivlsion of blocks C and F, Garden
Homestead Tract. Oakland: »10. • . ¦ . ;
• Jason and Ida B. Smith to Minnie B. Briggs.
lot on N line of Railroad avenue, 105 :7H W of
Willow street. W 24:8. by. N 100:4%. block 25.
Map of lands at Oakland Point Railroad Ferry
Landing. > Oakland; $1000. , " ., -
¦ Claus B. ' Tackle to - Calvin R. Shai«r, lot on
SE line of Eleventh avenue, 150 NE of East
Twenty-first street. NE 50 by SE 150. block 130.
Clinton. East Oakland;. $1000^ •
. Aidla A. Hess to Frank W. 8awyer, lots 1
and 2 and ',4 of lot 3, adjoining lot 2, block 117,
Allston Tract. Berkeley; grant. ¦ ife ¦
Fred Hubert. to Kathrina Hubert, und % in
terest" in' following:, Lot on E.Ilne of Ellis
street 302 N of Prince, N 48:8, E 119:7, S 48^5.
W 120." to- beginning. blo<!k-7. Map of Regent
street Homestead. Berkeley, also lot on E Hn«
of Ellis street. 218 N of Prince, N 42 by E
120 block 7, same; gift. . ;
Kathrina Hubert to Fred • Hubert, lot on E
Ilnfe of Ellis street. 21S N of Prince. N 42 by K
120, block 7,:. same, Berkeley: also lot on K
line of Ellis street, 302 N of Prince, N 48:6, E
119:7, S 48:6,' W 120, to beginning, block 7, lands
same; rift. - ' ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
"Martella A. Pratt to Georsre K. Holloway."
lots 11 and 12. block B, Teachers' Tract, Ber
keley;$10. - , . :
- Jane Watson .Thomas to Warren Gregory, lot
1, La Loma Park. Berkeley: also all Interest in
a strp of land as follows: NW, corner boundary
of i lot 11 and Greenwood ¦ terrace, - N 25 by W
238:5. Berkeley; $2000. V •
De and Nelle.M. Winter to same, lot 6, La
Lfvma Park. : Berkeley: $2000. s
Jane Watson Thomas to A. C. , Miller,' lot 7.
same, .Berkeley :. $2000. .-_ • .: >
¦ James Reed to . Nellie B. • Trlppe, lot 11, on
map. of 'subdivisions 6 and . 7, Hardy Tract,
Berkeley: 42500.
¦ Georg" .W.'andAngellne S.'H.;Webb to J.
S. and Fannie G. .Ellis, all interest. In lot on
W ¦ line of Mllvia ' street, ' 100 = N of Virginia. - N
R0 by .W 133. ibelngf. lot ''10.;- block A. Eureka
Homestead,' Berkeley; $500. . • - ', ........
Mary A. 1 ' Haley '.(executrix of 1 the estate 'of
Charles' S. Haley) to Laura , Stlckney, und '/i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 20; 1901.
11
LEGAL ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS; h .' ' ;
IN the " Superior Court . In- and - for : the '•- City
' and County cf San Francisco, * State of Cal-
' ifornia. ' In . the . matter of ' the estate . of
EUGENE TANIERE. deceased: . - - * <
ETIENNE TANIERE. executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TANIKRE/
deceased, having this day presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
"an order authorizing, him as such executor to
borrow money, and to execute a note, and to
mortgage ' the realty hereinafter described for
the purpose of paying a lien .and mortgage
already subsisting on said realty, • and to pay
debts and charges of administration and the
expenses of this proceeding: "
And it appearing -to this court from such
verified petition that it is necessary and
proper that such order be made:- '. ¦ - • '
It is now ordered , by this court that all
persons ; Interested In the estate . of EUGENE
TANIERE, deceased, appear before this court
on Monday, i the eighth day of ! July, A. - D.
1901. at 10 o'clock in the forenoon of said
day, at the courtroom of Department . No. 10
of. said Superior. Court, at the New City Hall,
in said City and County o€ San .'Francisco,
then and there to show cause why that .cer-
tain lot, piece or parcel of ¦ land, situate, ly-
ing and being in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, .. particularly
bounded and described as follows, to; wit:
Commencing -at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, thence westerly
and along the northerly line of . McAllister
street seventy (70) feet, thence at right an-
gles northerly one hundred and fourteen (114)
feet and. six (6) inches, thence at right angles
easterly . seventy f70) feet to the westerly, line
of Hyde street, thence at right angles south-
erly along said line of Hyde ' street one hun-
dred and , fourteen (114) , feet and six «) inches
to the point of commencement, I being., a por-
tion of that parcel of land known on the of-
ficial map of the City and County of San
Francisco as fifty (50)..vara lot. number 1338,
or some part thereof should not be . mort-
gaged by said petitioner, executor aforesaid,
for the sum of twenty-five thousand ($25,000)
; dollars, or such lesser amount as to the court
shall seem meet, and reference is hereby madV
to paid petition now on file herein for full
particulars. -- 1 . -
: It Is further- ordered that a • copy of this
order be published at lpast once a week for
four successive weeks in the San Francisco
Call, a newsrmper of general circulation, print-
ed and published in the City and County of
San Francisco. Pone In onen court this ,5th
day of June. A. D. 1911.
F. H. DUNNE. Judge.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect. Washington. D. C. June 6. 1901.
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o 1 clock p. m. on the 15th day of
July. 1901, and then opened for the new boil-
er plant and new feed pumps, etc., for the
U. S. Branch Mint at San FrSncisco, Cal., In
accordance with the drawings and specifica-
tions, copies of which may be obtained at
this office or at the office of the superinten-
dent at San Francisco. Cal.. at the discre-
tion of the fjunervlslng architect. JAMES
TCNOX TAVLOTt. Stmervlslng Architect. >¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . - . ,
John "A. Huber, 23,' South San Francisco, and
Eda Borla, -19. Colma. . ; • . >-
Larrance Page, 33, Berkeley, and Cather-
ine Hedgkinson, 23. city.
Charles R. Overholtzer. 39; 1S08 Post street,
and Margaret A. Glover. 30. 1715 Green street.
Frank Preston Smartt, 37, Santa Barbara,
and Frances J. Humphrey, 37, Copenhagen,
New York. ' -V .... ... ;
Frederick E. D. Bellmer. 26. 1 Chesley street,
and Bertha Keniast, 23, 1121 Harrison street.-
Corydon B. Root. 28. 639 Ellis street, and
Bertha D. Mphr. 20. £984 Folsom ttreet. . >
Maricn A.Grigsby. 24. 2614 Bush street, and
Clara 1. Dolan. IS. 1274 Ellis street.
John Staude, 27. 118 Trenton street, and Lil-
lian May Hildebrand. '25, 535 Turk street.
John L. Mollenhauer. 28. 22S Linden avenue
and Theresa Goette, 19, 424 Devisadero ' street.
August Wolters, 22, 119 Fourth street, and
Nora A. Lyons, 21. 663% Bryant street.
James J. Portley, . 30. 819 York street, and
Mabel I. Smith, 2S, 1931 Howard «treet.
Joseph E. Cooke. 33, 2503V4 California street,
and Timey L. Flournoy, 33, Genesee.
wmiam E. Moldrup, 38, city, and Emma M.
Bass. £3. city. ¦ \
"BIRTHS— MADGES— DEATHS. .
Bit th. marriage and death notices sent by.
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of- the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CORMAC— In this city. May 31. 1901. to the
wife of William Cormac, a daughter.
DAVID— In this city, June 14, 1301, to the
wife of M. David, a daughter.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. June 16, 1901, to
tho mife of Paul Goldstein, a son.
MARRIED.
. CARLSON— OLSON— In this elty, June 13. 1901.
• by the -Rev: O.* Groensberg, Anton C. Carl-
son and Thora" Olson. - .•
KELLY— GORMAN— In this city, June 17, 1901,
at Old St. Mary'i Cathedral, by the Rev.
Peter J. Moran,. Gerald E. Kelly and Mary
L. German. '..... ; ..
DIED. ' . ...•->..- _ i-
Balbach, Grace E. Koester, Sophie
. Barnum. Sarah E. . \ Lacay. Francoise
Breitsch, Jacob McCrohan. Daniel
Bumb, P. A. . Nourney, Hulda S.
Bushman, William O'Brien. Patrick
Cahill, Kittle I. Russell, Catherine
Callaghan, Mrs C. Schultz (infant)
Cornelius. Lulu - Simpson. Laura IT.
Currle. Howard T. . . Stuart, William J.
Fleck. Francis M. Tienken, Henry
Henshaw, Mrs. Helen Wanner, Emma
Holmes. Mrs. Maggie White, Amos
Kace, Henry . .
BALBACH— In this city. June 18, 1901.' Grace
• Estelle. beloved daughter, of Nettle and. the
late William Balbach, granddaughter of Mrs.
. tl. A. Bergler, and 6ister of Mrs. William
Stager of Sin Francisco, • a native of San
Jose, aged 19 years and 11 days.
I BARNUM— In this cit>\ June 18, 1901, Sarah
Kffie Barnum, daughter of the late John A.
and Mary J. Barnum, and sister of Charles
A., Sam E. and Grace M. Barnum, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1G years 11 months
and 18 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thm day
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from, the Pacific
Undertaking Parlors, 777 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRK1TSCH— In Marysvllle. June 17. 1901. Ja-
cob, beloved husband of the late ' Barbara.
Breitsch. and father of Mrs. Ci Clrs. Mrs. j
W. Lagemann, Mr«. G. Schulz, Mrs. J. Bruns.
and Mrs. H. Alhf, a native of Arzheim, Ger-
. many, aged 70 years 10 months and 28 days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. p.
O. - F." Cemetery. , ¦ • V
BUMB— In this city, June 19, 1901, P. A.
Bumb, father of Mrs. J. H. Scott, a native
of Germany, aged 73 years. 5 months and 24
days. ;
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the chapel at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ¦ .
BUSHMAN— In this city, June 18, 1901, Wil-
liam Bushman, a native of Baltimore, Md. a
nred 73 years.
CAHILL— In this city, June 19, 1901. Kittle
,. Irene, dearly beloved daughter of P. W. and
Josephine Cahill, and sister of Evelyn and
Georffie Cahill, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 1 month and 7 days. • . '
CALI*AGHAN— In th<« city, Tuesday. June 18.
1301. Mrs. Catherine Callaghan, beloved wife
of "Cornelius Callaghan, mother of Patrick
and - Daniel Coleman and Mrs. J. E. Pitz-
patrlck, and stepmother of James P. Cal-
laghan, a native of County Cork. Ireland.
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2024 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brig'd's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
' Broadway, where a solemn ; requiem mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soui,
con>rr.enclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross .Cemetery. ¦ \ - ¦
CORNELIUS— In this city. June M. 1901, Lulu
Cornelius, beloved daughter of Louise Cor-
nelius, sister of Fred and -Mamie Cornelius,
and granddaughter of Mrs. C. Le Mar,
a native of Oakland, aged 9 years 7 months
. and 8 days. ,.¦ . .
CURRIE— In this city, Jtfhe IS. 1901, Howard
T. Currie. son of T. T. Currie,- grandson 'Of
. Mrs. J. T. Newman, and nephew of Mrs. «L.
Davies. Mrs.. R. C. Black. Mrs. G. Stolz,'
Mrs. William Jones and Frank Newinan, a
native of California,* aged 15 years 8 months
" and 23 days.
EyJCflends are respectfully • Invited to at-
tend ¦ the funeral services- this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at St. Luke's Episcopal
Church, comer Van Neas avenue and Clay
street.
FLECK— In this city. June 19, 1901, , Francis
Melvin Fleck, beloved son of Frank and Fan-
. n;e Fleck, and brother of Grace and Corlnne
- Fleck, a : native of San Francisco, aged 1 '
year. and 12 days* ; • . • ,
HENSHAW— In this elty. June 14, 1901,- Mrn..
Helen E. Henshaw, a native of New York, i
aged 73 years. . •' . • •"¦••. • :
(CTFuneral nt her late residence. ' 828 Fine
street, this ¦ day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock.
. Friends are . invited. - . " • . .
HOLMES— In this city, ,. June 19,. 1901. /Mrs.
• Maggie, Holmes (nee Morrison),, dearly be-
loved wife of Howard Holmes, mother < of
Grade. Howard.. Georgie and Irwin _ Holmes,
HENRY «L GALLAGHER CO.
{Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.;
-' ' DANIEL P.\ DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND K1IKALMER3,
Hi Fifth st.. opposite. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦-_'
Eugene McGinn. McGINN. BROS.
'. . ' Funeral . Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET. ¦ : .
.Telephone South 23?. ' . ¦¦San Francisco.'
Kn Connection >Wlth AnT Other House. - >
PALMISTRY.
MRS.~AVM. jFmaNL'S. s^r^nT^atoSfst/ TeL
Blue 311. io to 5. Residence 731 Gunrrero.
MME. GERUA1NE.' the business oalmiBt of
the Pacific Coa»t; 1 to 6. 906 Market st.
H T B J 5«°^ E »IP^ SELL^ Wntific palmist. 515
Taylor rt.. b*t_ Geary aa«l Post; trt. Black 56L
M^>« LA^* B ' palmist anS character
rwfflne: l-nw* in tlw, rnvtw . 617Jone».
_^ PITYSIOGIXOMY.
SCIENTIFIC drtinea^rTor character by face
£r£?^.£! nr « O - f**"* 0 *. «• L*avenworth;
| verbal read g. tl: printed chart. C B0: lessons.
— gyS'CIAXS AND SURGEONS.
D Jri C^^?^? L1:^ Offlce aad w»l*ence.
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh!
0 *? 1 ™- h * rb dootor - successfully
i^ZJS;. 1 , 41wasM °* tbe human body: see
tpsttraenlals at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis
PILES.
N Sm^ T 100 ° l*" 11 * 11^ cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 23 to SO years;
over fifty names of prominent business men
SeUv^rJIX, Ef n ? e: n ° chtoteD - surgery or
oeiay trorn business, and no salves for sale.
offices*!? a p <5ress box. 1350. Cal!
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains; call and be
convinced.
$100. $150. $200 to $350-Level Ocean Boule-
vard lots; ready to build on; near cars; 15
monthly.
Select our Sunset lots; graded and sewered'
e-11 bargains; building up rapidly; don't va'.f
(203 to $SOC; Installments.
Sunset branch office. Ninth, ave., near H st.
1400 to $S00— We can positively suit you In
Richmond lots; easy terms.
S75, S1C0 to ?2S0— Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
.c&rs; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES ON
EAST TERMS.
$4500— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and
criveway; 50x120: choicest street In Richmond
53500— Best built 7-room cottage; Richmond.
IK0O— 6-room cottage; choice et.; Richmond.
$1S3O each— 2 splendid cottages in Sunset.
$1000— 3-room cottage: Richmond
SOL GETJ5 & BROTHER.
- ' - S4 Chronicle building.
"WASHINGTON - etreet resider.ee, near Van
Ness; large two-story, basement and attic
house, built nine years ago at cost cf $14,0C0;
well built and laid out: four bedrooms, parlor.
tSlninsr-room and kitchen on lower floor; attic
has four bedrooms; basement finished with
artiflcial stone floor, laundry, etc.; fine loca-
tion: plenty of sun; owner must sell; price,
tl8.0C0. THOS. MAGEE & SONS, 5 Mont-
gomery st.
EHOTWELL, 524. near 23d— 65-ft. front ; warm
belt: house, 9 room* and bath; garden: 2-
ttory stable; 14-foot drive; sun all around.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, porcelain . bath, big yard
•- an<l basement; must- be sold. Apply RICH-
MOND LAND CO.. S23 Clement St.
FOR eale— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. S022 Pierce st.
IF you have lots to «11 north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GTJVX. S30 California st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE miDroved property in Oakland and one
unlmrjroved In Berkeley; no incumbrance;
. value 12500 each; exchange for San- Fran-
, clsco improved or unimproved property: will
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE, 4M Mont-
comery. room 20.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY For Sale
FINE etock farm of CO acres near Marysville:
4S0 acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance cummer fallowed; water right
2000 inches of water (roes with place; ditch
' will cover several thousand acres; water
rlrht alone is worth price asked for place;
this must be told to close an estate: price
$23 an acre. Address box 476, MarysvUle, CaL
BLTY In N&pa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops : ¦write us for t r*>e
copy "Nara County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. n. WTNFIELD. Pet&lnroa. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
fl300— MODERN; cottage Just finished; S rooms,
bath and basement: pood lot $200 cash and $20
per month. J. JL YOTTi:GER, 12a Park St., -
Alameda. - ¦ • »
fl600— A BARGAIN; bouse 8 rooms, bath,
chicken-house and garden; lot 25x108; near
station broad gauge. Address Owner, box
567?. Call office.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR eale — Modern cottage. 8 rooms; bath; lot
60x158. ISIS Mozart st.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
6TOP paying rent; be your own landlord; 3-
room cottage; lot 4SxlO0; 2 blocks from sta-
tion, electric cars, store, school and church;
prize $750; flOO cash, balance {10 monthly.
• -
Enap— 5-room cottage In prime condition;
lot 40x100; 2 blocks from station; price $1400;
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly.
Xe&t cottage of 5 rooms and bath, stable.
chicken houses; large lot; close to station;
price $1100; $100 cash, balance $12 £0 monthly.
- »w modern 2-story house cf 6 rooms and
bath; lot 40x10; good location; near station-
price 11600; $300 down, balance S18 20 per
month; take Berkeley train, get off -at Lorin.
etation. office west side of railroad track.
Open Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON.
FOR «aJe — In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; email payment down, balance
same as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
.fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms, from $T600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences.
Board Ing-house, 11 rooms; very email pay-
ment down.
Also some bouses to lease; call bet. 9 and 11
jl. to... or by appointment.
. . : ' ' ' J M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. N .
$300 CASH. 120 monthly: up-to-date, modern 2-
ptory house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot, 150 ft. deep, on Frultvale ave.; no
fog* nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
pain: price all told, $2750; will make terms
to rult or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. II. Z. JONES, owner.
$175 CASH, $10 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
* rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large level lots. ft>x256; price all told. $775:
will fenc* and finish up to suit buyer, or will
rent 300x256 feet cheap: plenty cf water; soil,
climate and view the very best; close to elec-
tric car line and 90-foot wide boulevard, and
not far from model school house; no fogs nor
''- raw winds here; adjoining East Oakland: 10
buildings gene up already: more coming. Call
or send for circular. 435 Seventh «t., opp.
3roaaway nation. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
J260D— TERMS will be arranged: pretty Eastlake
cottag* of 7 rooms, bath. hall. etc. : -elevated
lot 40x100; open terraced lawn, etone walks
and coping: choice central location; handy to
local station.
GEO. TT. AUSTIN ft CO..
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUliX ITUKE FOR S A LE.
AN introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas. the
furniture «1»a1«»r. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1C23. het. Van Ne*s ar4 Franklin— 2 sun-
ny housekeeping rooms. $1S; adutf only.
BRANNAN. 725. above Sixth— 3 rooms neatly
furnished; complete for housekeeping: $10.
CALIFORNIA. 1SS7— Single, double and house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath, water; from $4 up,
EDDY. 725— Newly furnished sunny suites for
housekeeping: bath: gas ranges; reasonable.
FIFTH. 3S3— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath, ?20; 3 for $12; also single, $5 up.
HARRISON. 731— Four rooms, fumfrhed com-
plete for housekeeping; rent 116; bath.
HOWARD, 7C1V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; man and wife? kitchen; oth-
er*; reasonable.
BOWAHD, 1646— Large bay-window front room
and back parlor together or separate'; use of j
kitchen; stove. ¦
— ' I
HOWARD. 1604— Furn.. 2 room*, connecting:
complete housekeeping; yaro; private; cheap. I
JACKSON. »:o.- near Mason— Furnished large
room, crate; or housekeeping; $7 to ?8; sln-
Ele, > ¦ --' . ..
JESSIE, 433— Sunny housekeeping, and single
¦¦' rooms tor rent. y;- ----- : . .
MARTHA pi.. 3, off Geary. - bet. Mason and
Taylor— Large nicely furnished .room; . com-
plete for housekeeping; rent 17 per mo. ;.-?:"
OAK. 119— Larce sunny front furnished house-
. keeping; newly papered; large .closet; reas-
onable, j-' '.:_-: . . ; '_. .
l'OLIC 1002—3 and 5-room suites., completely
furnished for housekeepins; i\j up; reference.
SECOND. ' 212 — Furnished for housekeeping:
other rooms; clean; respectable: reasonable.
STEVENSON. 257. bet. 3rd and' 4th— Three fur-
nlshed rooms for housekeeping. .
TURK, itll— One or two large unfurnished
rooms fnr housekeeping.-'
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office." 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has ! been established at . 10S6
Valencia gt. ' • ¦ ¦ ">*¦':,
R.OO9IS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEI^ 321 Grant ave.— Best U a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 23c; free coach. .
APARTMENTS en suite or single; splendid ap-
pointments; on every floor; furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs: breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Xouveau. 313 Stockton.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to 11 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
J13 per month up: slnples. {5 per month up.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth-5 nice sunny
rooms; {8.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old- No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL. 46S — Furnished rooms in private family; ;
gentlemen; reference required.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
GALT House. 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 52S-Elegantly furnished
rooms in private family; no children or gen-
tlemen; reference required.
HOTEL St. Dems (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments: inspection invited; must
be peen to be appreciated: 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HYDE. . 299— Lovely large corner suites and
eingle rooms; private bath.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 707, nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room, $6; small flat; private family.
LARKIN. 816A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able prices: private house. ¦ • ' t
MARKET, 7C3 — Nice sunny bay-window suite
of rooms: J4 per week. . ' N
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 667, Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
M'CLEIXAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms: also transient. -
METROPOLE. 6 Turk. cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MOST delightful furnished apartments in San
Francisco: new six-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator; every convenience. Hotel Gray-
stone, 66 Geary .St.; 6team heated.
O'FARRELL. M — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 317— Changed hands; sunny fur-
nished rooms and suites; reasonable.
PLEASANT rooms and good board; two in
room. $9. G10 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
POLK, 1339— Largest, sunniest room for the
money. in the city', private.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis E t.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl: week. $1 25 to U: open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold, water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 409— Sunnv furnished rooms; sin-*
pie or. en suite; from )1 DDward. - - -
"STOCKTON. 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
TEH AM A, 4J5 t i-Nlcely furnished room» for
rent.
THE Crocker. 915 L«ave"nworth — Fine sunny
rooms, Eingle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrictions has been established at 109$
Valencia rt.
ROOMS A*n J1OA11D.' 5
AN' exceptional table; pleasant - rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Rcanoke. SOS Bush— Ntw house: newly
- furnished : suites with bath: perfect illumina-
tion: private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. ¦ ¦ ¦
BERTLING. 736 Bush— Elegant sunny suites;
also single rooms; billiards for amusement of
guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with' board.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Reoelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board- optional.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States or. Canada one year for Jl,
postne? psld-
HOOMS A7TD BOARD WABJTED. .
ROOM and board for work whilw studying by
willing young man (25); has Al refs. Box
8577. Call office. - ;
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; -
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel.' 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AXD! SITPPX.IES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
FTEl^a^RolDoTFirTitoTa^^
office Post and Powell Bts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
elon st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS8.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ?3I0 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
WRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266..
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
¦ nd have your work la Eight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60: anti-trust;
all mqkpfl: used machines. $10 up. 209Sansome. ¦
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,,
west cf Gllroy; ocean views, fine ¦ scenery,
charming and healthful resorts; groves of
delightful fihade: pure air and water. Ad-
dress box 232. Gllroy, Cal. '. .
" DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 632 CalN
, " fornla' Ft., corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June ' 1901. a divl-
, dend has been declared at the rate Der annum
of three and six-tenths (3 6-10> per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. • July ' 1. 1301. .-¦
¦"¦.¦.¦¦ LOVELL WHITE. CaaMer- ' .
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
clety, CIS California st. — For the half year
ending with June 20, 1901. a dividend has
l>e«n declared at the rat*' of three and one-
eighth (3>4) pw cent per "annum • on • all de-
popitg. free of .taxr*. payable - on and after
Monday. July V19M. ' ¦ .
• -. GEORGE TOURNY, . Sscretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No.' 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company. £27 Market et.. on and after.
. Thursday. June 20. 1901. Transfer books
• will close on Thursday. June 13. - 1901, •¦ at 3
o'clock p. m. . E.. H. SHELDON, Secretary..
We'^ly Gall, $1 per Year
GJLUFORHI KORTHIESTEM' RT. Ca
LESSEE
SAR FRANCISCO AND K03TH PACIF1S
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburor) Ferry, Foot of Market St.
• Son Francisco to San Kafacl.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at IM
- and 11:30 p. rn.
SUXDATS-S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:39. 3:00.
6:00. 6:20 V. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. .
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. ll:l» a. m.: 1J:4S,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:53
end 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:43, 3:10.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦ '
Leave - 1 ¦ In Effect | . Arrive
San Francisco. [April. 23. 1901.? San Francisco.
Week I Son- I I Sun- 1 . Week
Days. [ days. | Destination, [ days, t Days.
7:20 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm > :20 pm
; ¦ j Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
. 5:00 pm Healdshurg. 10:40 am ¦
i Lytton. *
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Ooverdale. 7:35 pm «:3> pm
7:30 ami 5:00 putt" ' Hopland 110:40 amjI0-^5 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 amp and Uklah. 1 7:35 pmj <:t»pm
7:30 am ' - 10:4ffam|10:25am
8:80 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm I
3:30 pm 5:00 pm I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15, ami 8:40 am
-and !
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:83 pmi 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami 110:40 am;lO:25 am
3:30 pm | 5:00 pm[ SebastopoL I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and WWW Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Snrings; at 'Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland gprinsra, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay..LaVeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs.' Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttar
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. • Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierl?y*s. Eucknell's.
Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullville. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.' West-
port. Ueal. Wllllta. - Laytcnvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to ail points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flee. (SO Market street. Chroalcl*
Building.
H.'C. WHTTTNG. K. X. RTAJT.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paa». Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
t?21> KEARNY ST. Established
In 1S5 J for the treatment nf rrlvittn
DUmomps, Iw>nt llnnnooiJ. Dehiilt.v or
<IU»n!«- wenrinjrou body anil mlmi and
Skin Ulsrascs. The Doctor cures wln-n
others fail. Try him. -I'hargm low.
! Cnrr<cu.irnnt<-r«l. Call or writ*
Dr. J. 'If 1 . OIBBOX. maii Prandsco. Cat
t ¦ - Vl» S.umIIki Ferry— r«« «r Xsrkm St.
ifavK «<n fran. ' " annrvc bah rwAH.
¦ lS» £|..-WEEK DAYS ( Igj-JJ-
8:00 a. M.-J A f 12:15 P. 1C.
9.-00A. M. Id5p.lt.
IOKWa. M. 1 STTNDAVS J 8«>P.SC
»150A.JC.f SUNDAYS < 4;5OF
ldo p. m. 5^0 r. m.
2&)P. M.J I 7:10 v. itv.
Para. 8aa Fraaoln* ts Sommll aa4 Eetmro. |1.4»
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & Sausallto Ferry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM BAJT FRANCISCO TO MILL TALLEr
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55, 3:30, •r.W, 11:00 a. ra.,
12:43. »1:43. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »«:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:00, »10:00, 11:00. 11:33
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30. •ZA5, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . . - . • .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln-.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '5:23. 6:27, 7:47,- 8:33, 10:15
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15, 2:20. *3:3S. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:43, *llrt)O a. m.. »13
m., 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. *5:43, 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start 'from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO."
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:5i 10:3a
a m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. S:50. 5:10. 5:20 p.. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13.
1:20. 2:3C. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m. --•
THROUGH TRAINS.
'. 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' . - •
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days- (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. >. . ¦
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and Tray editions.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
• I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
_;_- I Dally I « I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:30 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 1-M a
"Visalla... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a.
" Kane. C'y 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p | 9:00 p .........
a for morning, p fop afternoon.
•9:C0 a m. train is the California IJm-
lted. leavlnr Monday and Thursday only,
carrying . Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No «econd-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
In? train arrives at 5:55 p. rn. Tuesday and
4*20 p. m. la Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
g-co' p. m. is the Ov»rland Express, wtth
throuch Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out ¦ at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:33
p. m. dally.
7-*0 a. tn. l!" BakerJ>n>id IjO<"«1. stopnlrjs
at 'til. noints in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— Ml .Market street and In Ferry
Pen«t. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !«••»«•* nml urp <lni> •<• nrrl'* <••
MAN riUNt'MCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lk ave — Fkom June 16. 1301. — akbitb
7:OOa lisnicia. Snisuii, Klmira. VaoaTiy*. .
Itamaej and Macrauiento 8.2 ">p
~i :3O * M artinez. Haw ltamuu, Valltijo, Hapa,
'. Ualiatiig» ami Hauta Uum.. 11:23 p
8:00a DftTis. Wuodlaud, Knights L»u<linj.
.Maryarille. (irowillfi. 7:33p
' SiOWa A tlaatio Kxpresa— Osden and But 12:^.1 r
»sO«a KUea. L»thrjp. Stoc&ton 1;-S.»f
8:»Oi Mica, Moodota. Haniurd. VisaUa,
PorterviUe -i:Wy
; 8s3«»a Shisu ExprfM— DatU, Williams (tor
, . Dartlett Springs). Willuwg, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7:33p
¦ iaw* S«n Join, l.iverniore, Htaektoii.
Inna. S»cranieiit<>. PlacerrUle,
XI»rT«»ille, Cbicu, Ite-l ISIuir 4>Z3p
»fdo\ Onkdalr, Chinese (Tosemite). Ho-
* nor». Carters 1:33?
S:4M»* Hajwud, Miles »ud Wajr Stotioua.. • »«»3a
5 I:»«A VaUeJo.... Ias25?
»:O«a Los AuKOlea Express — Martinez. ¦
Tracy, Littlirop. ntookton. Meieed
KreinoMiid Lcs Ansales 7:23 p
»::i»A Vallrjo, Martlues »¦¦•! Way Stations 7:»»p
IOsOOa Th« Oierliml United— Ogden. Den-
ver, Umaha. Uhic»ci>..i «t.13p
)|jfl«r H;icr»inriil.. ia»er Mi.o^iii«r« f."UO«A
3:3»p Hayirard. NHf « wid \T»y HUtloiii.. 7:33p
4i««p lleulcia. Winters, ¦ rt*or*iu«iilo,
WwHliand. KniKliU l*adiii«.
MurysviUe, Ofoiillti I»:*»a
4t«op Martinex. Han IUiwmi, Vullejo.
x N»i>n. <!H)Uti>icH. .Sanfca lln«» »<a.1\
4t00p men, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 12 U3?
4»3<»p Htywiurd. Nile*, ««» Jimo, Lirtrmoro t»! R *A
4>30p fort Co* a, Ti»ey, Lathrop, Stockton 1 «:25a
3:WOrTli« Owl Uiuited— rinsun, Tulaxv,
ISAkersHaltl. Haiigiis for Banta liar- '
bara, I^>» AiiKnles 8>33l
•S:ttOp Martin- z. AnUoch, Stockton, Mer-
eed.Frasno 19iS3r
5:«>»P Ywemito I»:a3»
SsSOp New Orleans Expre«» — Mendota.
Fresro. Bskeniieid. Los Angsle*.
D mlDg. El I'aao, Now Orleans -
'and Ei.it. 7»33*
Oioiip Haywud, NIlenmndHau Jose.. 7«33»
f«iO»r Vaileju 11.234
U:O»r Oriental M*ll-Og.leu, Chejenne.
Omaha. Chi<ngn 13:S3p
¦:OOp Oriental Jlall— Ogd«o, Denter,
8t Louis. Chicago. •Ji*3p
7:0Op OregiHr »ud Csllfonila Kxprm.Hso.
r»»i«iit». Marxn«llle. K»<lillhK.
fnrtlan.1. fiigi.t HuumI anil Kaut 8:35a
¦iMr San 1'ab'o. Fort <; O hU, Mirtiaes
ana Way 8Utluus lt>S3A
Hl»3p V»)l-J(. 7:S*p
COAST LINE (X.rrow «J«» S eJ.
( Pwi of Market Street.) :
t <«43a Santa, Um Kxeurs:on to riaata Cms
and Principal Way Stations JS:O.Tp
Is 1.1 a Nenark.CViiter«IIIif,Han.)oia,Mton >
liuulder CVek.H»nta Onix and W»J
KUUim ...* S«3»r
l^iinp Hew«k, Ca»te*TllIc>. Ban .low. Nbw
Almiuleii. Kt.lt.il.. ItouUler (,'rit*.
. Santa Criu and, I'riuelp&l Way
.Stsalims I»«.H»A
4il3p Newark, Hail Jm«, U>s Oatoa )<*:*<>*
c»il3pGlenwood.BniilderCreefc.8*iit%Crna «W»3«>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SW t JAICISCO-rooi rf Jfarlat Street (Slip 8)— -
17:15 9:00 11:U0a.h. 1:03 3:33 5:lSr.u.
rrtaOHUlD— FMldBfu4««f.— tD:OO t»:00 t3:05
10^)O«.M. 12:03 2:C3 4:03 r.u.
COAST LilNJB (Kroail «ansf>).
('I'hlnl ami Townseml Sts.) .
«iI»a Han Juto »nd \V»y .Mition*. ttiaup
«7:«Oa H«m JoMnml Way KUUoiu itSUtr
/7«»«* N«w Aluiailm> / -titkt
paltA Sunday Excursion for a»n Jiie,
rianta Crux. r.ciSc Grore and
Priucipal Way ftutloait t8:30p
8'00aH»ii Jiiihi, Trns I'Iihm. Muiita ('run,
racllte (irnta, fvalims. San LoU
Obispo. Santa Barbara ami Prin-
ciiuii int«rine<lJ»te su.t4. .•<¦> 7i3»p
10:30* San Jt »e mil W«y riUiloa. -I:IOP
UlSttA Han .liwc aiUI Way SUUohr SiSup
tSrtarSan Matrn. UtMlwomi. Meiilu Park,
Tain Alto. .HanUOIaru. S*n Jmw.
Tres Plnoa. n»ut» Cnn, Salinas.
Monteray »n.) |-»cllio Cn.Te |ll»>43a
ai3*p.Han Joaoaml Way 8t.tt.ms G:Ui»a
f-liISp San Jouauil Principal Way HUtton* U: 13*
i3:OOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations i 1»:OO»
Si3Op RanJoavaixl Principat Way Htations 8:38a
CiOOp IUdwf»«l, Han Jc«». Gllr->y. SaUnas,
/ Santa Barbara, Lo< Angrks 1O:OI>a
6:00p Del Monte, Monterey, Paalio Grore,
LoiLpoe IOiAOa
8i3OpBan Josssnd Way Htatimis t">"«A
alll^-Vr 3a» Jow.»n.l Way Statlwtis.. 7»3Op
A for Morning. ¦ 1" for A (temoon.
1 NniKiay e«c«p ted. J Sunday ouly. '
a S4twft»y nnly. « Mrmil »y .
e 8a«ard ty t n I Sunday. / To»-<wl^y< and Friday.
"daughter of Neil G." and thn 4 late Susan Mor-
* rlson, : and ;: sister of- GeorfcV Edward and
Minnie Morrison. ' , -- -•-¦. AiJ^.4 .'••.-- rc;trv
> • cyNotlce ¦ of funeral hereafter.. *'- \
K AGE— Entered , into. rest, in; this". city, June
US,' 1901, Henry, dearly beloved husband of
:• Dora ' Kaee, andfather of Lillle and -Henry.
a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 70
. years 7 months and 6 days. .. - <•<¦.• . .;
(CTP'riends are respectfully • Invited ! to at-
v tend the funeral to-morrow- (Friday), -, at 10
: o'clock, from, the parlors ; of H. F. Suhr &
E Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
r Eighth. '• Interment • I.' O.'O. F. ! Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ~j *-'; : -¦-.
KOESTER— In } Hanover, ' Germany, May 29,
. 1001, Sophie, .widow of • the late Fritz . Koes-
. tor, .' and mother : of Mrs. Amelia Evers and
- Dr. Max j Koester, - aged 80 years. : ' a ,' j ¦ - ,
LACAY— In this city, June — , 1901, Francoise
Lacay,. beloved wife of Jean Lacay, and
mother of Louis A., Julia N., August A. and
" Alice F. Lacay. a native of France, aged . 57
' years 3 months and 22 days. > •
0^"Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday ¦>, at 9 • o'clock, from her late ' resl-
1 dence. 718 California street, .thence . to French
Church of Notre Dame des Victoirea, where
a requiem mass will be said for the repose
of her soul; commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Hdly Cross ¦ Cemetery.
McCROHAN— In this city, June 19, 1901, Dan-
: iel McCrohan," beloved brother of Mrs. J. P.
Griffin and Mrs. T. P. Williama of Gold
Hill, . Nev., a native, of Cahiciveen, . County
; Kerry. Ireland, aged 58 years...', ¦ :,
C? Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 19 Kissllne street, between Howard
' and Folscm. Eleventh "and Twelfth' streets,
and- thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street. w\ere a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . -• ' ¦ ¦ ,
NOURNEY— In this city, June 19, 1901/ Hulda
SUvlna Nourney, • beloved wife . of ; H.- A. A.
Nourney, mother." of Maud, Elizabeth and
Allen Nourney, and sister of Clinton Harri-
son, a native of Michigan, aged 43 years.
i (Nevada City- and Grass Valley, Cal., papers
.- please copy.) -¦ ; .
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 19. 1901. Patrick, \
beloved husband ¦ of . the -late Margaret
O'Brien,' and father of Catherine A. and
Alice C. O'Brien and the late Mary E.
O'Brien, a native of County TiDperary, Ire-
land, aged 65 years 8 months and 20 days.' • I
- (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2806 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where" a requiem high mass
: will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
' Calvary Cemetery.' . * . • • .
RUSSELL-In this city, June 19, 1901, Cath-
" erlne, beloved wife of William Russell, and
sister of the late Thomas Hlggins, a native
of. County Tioperary, Ireland, aged 63 years.'
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respe«t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 734 Natoma street,, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at, 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.' . "'
SCHULTZ— In this ' city. June 19, 1901, infant
¦ son of George I-., and Ella Schultz.. a na-
. tive of California, - " " i : •
SIMPSON— In this city, -June 19, 1901. Laura
Hosking, daughter of William F. and Laura
A. Simpson, a native of San Francisco, aged
'¦ 1 year 10 months and 16 days. • .
; " [Clnterment private. "
STUART— In Oakland, June 18, 1901, William
Jason, beloved husband of Isis Stuart, a na-
tive of New York, aged 58 years. (New
York. Sag Harbor, Louisville. Ky., and Los
Aneeles papers please cony.) - -
!C?"Funeral this day ¦ (Thursday), - at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Henry • Evers,
865 Washington street. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. .
TIENKEN— In this city, June "17, 1901. Henry,
beloved husband of Lena Tienken, father of
William and Charlotte Tienken, and brother
of William Tienken and Mrs. J. Schlicht-
; mann, a native of Kohlen, Amt Lehe, Ger-
many, aged 41 years 2 months and 7 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ( this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from , the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Union-
square Hall. 421 Post street, where 'services
will be held under the auspices of Germania
¦ Club, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
! Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. ¦ ¦ " . ,
WANNER— In • Alameda. Cal., 7 June ;18. 1901,
Emma Wanner, beloved wife of ' Louis. Wan-
| ner, a native of Switzerland, aged 40 years
6 months and 18 days. — , . . . -
. iry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
« (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1194 Park avenue. Interment
. Mountain View C»metery. Oakland. ',
"WHITE — In Emeryville, Alameda County,
June 19, 1901, Amos White, a native of Ten-
nessee, ased 36 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
'" ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
"Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday),
- at 9 o'clock. :- • " J T^ t; -^ -<—•-"«• .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Prof! Ross Says:
From personal 'experience I take pleasure in com-
mending the Personally Conducted Excursions
V over the Burlington Route. Not only does the ;
: superior information and friendly advice of the *
excursion conductor enable the passengers- in
jnany ways to save money, but his acquaintance
witii the scenic features of the route, as well as
his aid in promoting fellowship between the ex-
cursionists, adds materially to the pleasure of
. tne trip. .H,. A. Koss, ;
. [^g*3aSggjfflfea£H| From San Francisco every Tuesday and every Thursday
||i3ffr^MftWj morning — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis — EVERY- '
|8iUyU|irUJ^j , WHERE East. Tickets, berths and informarion at
Ticket Offc;, 631 Market StTee:
" aaSBtwawKBsaj W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, San Francisco. .JEROME A. FILLMORE, WHO WILL BE SUCCEEDED AS MANAGER OF
THE PACIFIC SYSTEM OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD BY
J. M. HERBERT, LATE OF ST. LOUIS.
and accepted a position as a brakeman on
the Delaware and Lacka wanna Railroad.
At the end of five months he was made
foreman of a large force of men,' who
were engaged In constructing a double
track. Before. he was two.years in the
employ of the company ;he had risen to
the position of assistant superintendent
,of construction. Soon afterward the road
was leased by the Morris and Essix Road
and he was promoted to superintendent of
construction. • > .
In 1870 he became division superintendent
of the Western division of the Union Pa
cific. This position he held for two years,
.when he. resigned and became identified
with the Central Pacific In the capacitv
cf assistant to John Corning, the general
superintendent of r the company.
In,.1874-he was made division superin
tendent at Sacramento, and in August.
1S78,' was transferred to this city as mas
ter of transportation. Upon the death of
Mr. Fellows in 1880 Filmore was appointed
assistant general superintendent and in
1882, upon, the promotion of A. N. Towno
to general 1 - manager, he was called to 1111
the newly created position of general su
perintendent.:
About ten years ago he was made mana
ger of the Pacific system of the Southern
Pacific, t which position he still holds.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. Up-to
date druggists sell and warrant it. •
Gilbert Bryant, aged 34 years, a miner by
occupation, died suddenly last night in a
saloon at 620 Market street. Heart dis
ease is supposed to be the cause of death.
Bryant leaves a widow and one child, who
live at 2424 Howard street. .
Sudden Death of a Miner.
Causes Her Own Death.
Mrs. Howard Holmes of 529 Shotwell
street died in St. Luke's Hospital yester
day morning from the effects of a crim
inal operation whjch she informed tha
physicians had been performed by herself.
The Coroner will hold an inquest. \
Fountain Fens.
We have the "Marshall," which is the
best SI fountain pen made; the A." A.
Waterman pens at $1.50, and a full line
of Waterman's "Ideal" pens from $2.50
up. We guarantee all the pens we sell
and are not pleased until our customers
are satisfied. Sanborn, Vail &" Co., 741
Market street. • *
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSION
IS SAID TO BE. ASSURED
Commissioner Maguire of Soard of
Works Declares Funds Neces
sary Are at Hand.
.. Commissioner Maguire of the Board of
Public Works, who has in charge the im
.provement of the Mission Road from Sil
ver avenue to Onondaga avenue, stated
yesterday that the funds necessary are
in sight and the Improvement is now as
sured. Maguire has collected the sum of
53000 from property owners and other in
terested partl3-s. which, together with the
$15,000 appropriated by the Board of Su
pervisors in the next tax budget, makes
J23.000 already collected.
Maguire beUeves that he •will experience
no trouble to collecting the remaining
S7000 of the $30,000 required to do the work.
Livery stable keepers and hack owners
are expected t-o contribute their quota,
as they are constant users of the road.
The prisoners in the county jails are
at present leveling the road, which, for a
distance of three-quarters of a mile, has
a declivity of four feet on. one side. After
the leveling Is completed the road will be
bitumenized and opened for traffic inside
of three .mortfh6.
Fell From an Electric Light Mast.
•. Fritz- Lawton while at work at 3 o'clock
yesterday morning at the corner of- Union
and Gough streets fell from the cross
bar of an electric light mast. His
right leg was broken In two places,
and he received internal injuries, which
may prove fatal. He was treated at the
emergency hospital by Dr. McElroy, and
afterward removed to his home' at 827
Ellis street. .
Plans Desired for Two New
Twelve-Room School
Buildings.
»
Resolved, That the Beard of Public
"Works be and it is hereby requested
to advertise at once for bids for paint
ing the interior woodwork of the Hor
ace Mann and the Washington schools
and tinting the walls of the Wash
ington School.
The foregoing resolution was adopted
yesterday by the Board of Education as a
result of the expose in yesterday's Call of
the illegal invitation of bids to do the
work mentioned. Notwithstanding the
charter specifically provides that the
Board of Public Works shall have con
trol of all alterations, repairs and im
provements of schools, the Board of.-Edu
cation had decided to have the work done
on its own responsibility. Three contrac
tors received inside information from the
Directors that the work was to be per
formed and they were requested to sub
mit bids. As the estimated cost was about
$700. the only legal way in which the pro
posals could be invited would be by pub
lication for five days in the official news
paper.
Under the charter the Board of Public
Works alone has the power to advertise.
The Board of Education, however, was
preparing to award the contract to the
lowest of the three bidders when it
changed its base after Auditor Wells no
tified it that he would not sign the de
mands unless the contract was legally
awarded. - - ¦ .
Notwithstanding that the Board of
Works consented to the illegal proceed
ing, the Board of Education thought bet
ter end decided not to ignore the charter,
but to make legal requisition on the Board
of Works for the painting.
The committee of the Association of
Collegiate Alumnae, which consists of
Emma Hefty, chairman; Julia Reid Wil
lard. Miss McNeill, Adelaide Brown and
Florence Dorsey, submitted a report of
its investigation to the Board of Educa
tion yesterday. It is recommended that
the position of supervisor of sewing be
created and a course be adopted. The
committee Itself has acted, as temporary
supervisors of sewing for the fiscal year
1900-01. The report says:
Nine schools were visited by the committee —
Crocker. Everett, Hearst, Denman, Spring Val
ley. Hamilton, Pacific Heights, Rlncon and
Clement. A very small number of children have
any instructions in sewing outside of school,
and the teaching of it in pome districts is an
absolute necessity in order to establish a spirit
of self help.
The work In the different classes varied
greatly, from that of> the careless uninformed
teacher to that of the enthusiastic teacher
whose intelligent handling of the subject was
self-evident. A well-graded course of lessons
Is unquestionably necessary In order to set a
correct standard and be productive of uniformly
good results. A permanent supervisor of sew
ing would be a stimulus to the teachers new in
this work.
The course suggested by the committee
was adopted by the board, which took the
matter of a supervisor of sewing under
advisement.
The Board of Works was requested to
prepare plans and specifications for two
new twelve-class, school buildings and for
an additional story to the Sherman Pri
mary School. The erection of the new
buildings will not be commenced imme
diately and their location has not yet been
decided upon.
The board rejected the recommendation
of the Board of Examination that Miss
Harriet E. Rademaker, Miss > D. War
schauer and Miss Ida Garbarlno be
granted high school certificates for type
writing and stenography. The board held
that the two special studies are not high
school subjects.
Miss Alice E. Vincent, of the Jean Parker
School and Miss D. Beebe, supervisor of
drawing in primary grades, presented
their resignations, which were accepted.
Plans were accepted for the construction
of a laboratory Jn the Lowell High School,
to cost $1400, and to be used exclusively* for
physics. ....
Charter.
BOARD DECIDES
TO FOLLOW LAW
School Directors Give Up
Attempt to Override'
Cadets to Appear in Farce.
"The Graduating Exercises of the Hayes
Valley High School" (improved to date)
will be presented by the members of Com
pany D, League of the Cross Cadets, at
Native Sons' Hall Friday evening, June
21. This amusing little farce scored a
pronounced success at its initial presenta
tion last February, and the members re
ceived many requests for Its repetition.
Low Round-Trip Rates West-Bound
for Homeseekers.
One limited fare, plus $2. from the East
to California and return, via Southern
Pacific, on homeseekers' excursions, semi
monthly, this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for Eastern friends und
accept deposits for tickets. Short line
from all the. principal Eastern cities.
Tourist excursions personally conducted.
Call on nearest agent Southern Pacific-
Edgar Geirshofer, who Is wanted in New
York on a charge of grand larceny for
having, it is alleged, stolen over $16,000.
is supposed to be in hiding In this city.
After his arrest and subsequent release
in San Rafael the other day Geirshofer,
accompanied by a woman who is supposed
to be his wife, boarded a launch, which
was in waiting, and came over to this aide
of the bay. Geirshofer wore a disguise !n
the shape of false whiskers and a black
slouch hat, which was pulled down over
his face. Knowing that the detectives
were after him Geirshofer. after disem
barking from the launch, took a hack and
was driven to a house on Pacific street.
Captain Seymour, on learning that he had
reached 1 ' this city, sent two of his men to
arrest him. They visited the house .in
which he was supposed to > have taken
refuge, but failed to find him. His wife
met the detectives at the door and did not
offer any objection to them searching the
house. Since then Geirshofer has been
seen several times on Market street, ac
companied by a man who is' supposed to
have assisted him in secretly leaving San
Rafael. ' *
Gelrshofer's arrest was brought about
by a woman named Mrs. .McFarlane. She
was jealous of hi* wife, and to be re
venged she., notified the police of his
whereabouts. . Detective Hammill was
sent to San Rafael, and he had little trou
ble in finding, the much wanted fugitive.
After he was locked up Geirshofer sued
for a writ of habeas corpus, alleging that
he was being unlawfully deprived of his
liberty. He was discharged from custody
after a brief hearing and at once came to
this city. Captain Seymour Is incensed at
the action of the San Rafael magistrate
in turning the fugitive loose, and he in
tends to do all In his power to again land
him behind prison bars.
Detectives Believe Fugi
tive Is in Hiding
Here
SAY GEIRSHOFER
15 IN THE CITY
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. - Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. • Bay »t, near Powell. •
Wilson Released on Bail.
Edward R: Wilson, the waiter, who was
arrested, last Tuesday . by the United
States Marshal for sending scurrilous let
ters ' to Miss Anna Crane, was. released
yesterday, on $1000 bonds. -
Princess Hatzfeldt Arrives.
' Princess Hatzfeldt arrived from , Sacra
mento last evening and ( went directly to
the rooms that had been prepared for her
at the Palace. She refused • to"- be inter
viewed and In answer,- to all cards sent
word that she had retired. • , : .
TEAMSTER IS ROLLED
UNDER ELECTRIC CAR
Frank M. Conroy Perhaps Fatally
¦ Injured in an Accident on King
. j Street. ,
Frank M. Conroy,'; a teamster -for L. B.
LJbbey and residing at 132 LJndel. avenue,
met. with a serious accident yesterday af
ternoon.; Conroy was in the act of cross
ing-King {street,-- r between % Third 1. and
Fourth, when one. of the Kentucky street
cars! rounded the corner.'. Before he had
time to jgetVhis. team across the street the
car was on. top of him. ..He was rolled un
der Mt for, quite a distance, and when
picked up it was thought he had been
killed. . ' . • v.
At the emergency- hospital Doctors
Murphy and. Thrasher found; that Con
roy's scalp on the right -side of his head
had been. torn off -from s the forehead line
to : the ; base of the • skull. "* In' addition .-; to
this 'his left shoulder was broken. .Inter
nal injuries were sustained, which . may
prove I'll il if JJUkjIi^i i<i'J"'liti.il'' *Jti.U!)tUmMl
. The motorman, R." E.Barnett, was ar
rested,'and,charged withjbattery, pending
the result. of Conroy's injuries. .
ABANDONED CHILD IN
CAKE OF THE POLICE
Buth Josephine Hooker Has Tempo-
rary Quarters in the City
Prison.
' A pretty little girl," three and a half
years of age, is in the matron's rooms at
the City Prison awaiting some jj one to
claim her. The police are Inclined to be
lieve that she has been abandoned by her
parents. ' .
When the train arrived from the south
yesterday morning a lady leading a little
girl by the hand approached Sergeant Ma
honey and said that she had come from
Bakersfleld with the little girl, expecting
to meet the child's parents. She" said she
was sick and would have to return at
once, i Mahoney took charge of the child
and instructed Policeman O'Callaghan to
take her to the City Prison till her par
ents called for her. ¦
The woman told Sergeant Mahoney that
the child's name was Josie Morgan, but
the little one says her name* is Ruth Jo
sephine | Hooker. 4 She does not know the
name of • Josie Morgan. She says her
mother's name is Viola and she has a
brother 14 . years .of age, whose name is
Roy George Hooker. Her grandmother,
is called Nita and she has an uncle
named- : Frank Creo and > an aunt. Josie
Creo. The child has a. distinct straw
berry mark on the top of her head which
would easily lead to her identity.
'j|- EROME A. FIL.LMORE of the
I Southern Pacific Company has been
I called upon to resign and. his suc-
QJJ cessor, J.. M. Herbert, general su
perintendent of the St. Louis, Iron
Mountain and Southern Railway, arrived
in the city Monday from St. Louis, accom
panied by his wife/ and' registered at the
Palace.
This- is another . aggressive '.step that.
President Hays has taken and Is evident
ly made after due consideration of facts.
Fillmore is immensely popular with- all
railroad men and his retirement, when
officially announced, will be a severe blow
to the operating department. He is the
friend of the engineers, conductors, brake
men and air others in the operating de
partments, and at all times that they had
fancied or real wrongs they went -to him
to tell their grievances and to ask him to
mediate for them. -
The cause of Flllmore's withdrawal is
not definitely known, but some who are
supposed to possess the knowledge give
two reasons. The first is that Fiilmoro
from the first never made a favorable Im
pression upon Hays and consequently
headed the list as one that was to be re
moved. The second reason given Is that
Flllmore's personality is most deceiving.
He is a biff, heavy man, slow of move
ment and entirely the opposite to Hays'
idea of a railroad manauer. v
J. M. Herbert came out from St. Loula
on a railroad pass furnished him. by. Sec
retary Ingram, confidential man.'- and
majordomo to Hays. Immediately upon
Herbert's arrival in the- city he reported
at the "big yellow building" and awaited
orders. He was informed that Hays, who
is now in Chicago, would not arrive here
until Friday and was advised- to pay a
visit to Del Monte, accompanied by- his
wife, while he had the opportunity, • Her
bert went out of town at once, though he
still retained his rooms at the Palace,
leaving no address. Last evening there
was a big bundle of letters .waiting his
return, but he -is. not- expected' to come
back until President Hays returns.
With the arrival of Herbert theipayroll
of the Southern Pacific will now have two
prominent Eastern • railroad men, pro
teges of Hays. H.-E. FItzhugh, who ar
rived here about two months ago, Is [ al
ready in the employ of the company, and
is at present down Jn Southern Califor
nia' inspecting- the work of . overhauling
the tracks of the new ¦ coast B division.-
Herbert is a friend of Hays and was em
ployed by him many • years ago. . He - 19
looked upon as a splendid ¦ operating offi
cial with up to date methods. • - : ,
President Hays has promised to issue an
official circular when any changes or ap
pointments of importance are to be made.
No circular has yet ¦ announced the ap
pointment of FItzhugh; and it is supposed
that Hays, when he. hands. out his mis
sive, wants It to be full of surprises. The
resignation of Fillmore and the appoint
ment of Herbert in his place will stagger
the old railroad men. • ¦ ¦ .
J. A. Fillmore was born in Onondaga
County, New York, April 5, 1845.; At the
age of 21 he left Casanova Seminary, at
that time one of the most famous institu
tions'of learning in the State of "New
York, where he had spent several years,
Niece of Dewet to Lecture.
Mrs. S. H. Dewet. niece of General De
wet, the famous South ¦ African leader,
will deliver a lecture at Golden Gate Hall
Sunday evening, June 23. at S o'clock, on
South Africa and Boer life. Miss Sannie
Kruger. a relative of Oom Paul, will ren
der several vocal selections. ••
SAD ENDING TO LIFE ,
OF WELL-KNOWN WOHLAH
Urs. Minnie B. Tittell, Mother of the
Three Actresses, Expires on
'. _Train.
¦ Mrs. Minnie E. Tittell. mother of tha
"Tittell sisters" and herself well known,
particularly to theatrical people, died
June 9 at Florence, Kan., on a Santa Fe
train, en route to Chicago. The body was
brought back to San Francisco, arriving
Monday, and was buried Tuesday in
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
Mrs. Tittell ¦ was widely known to San
Franciscans of thirty years ago. Her hus
band owned the property on the south
side of Bush street, between Kearny
street and Grant avenue, and Tittell's
Hall, where Norman's is now located,
¦was one of the most popular resorts in
the city. .
After her husband's death Mrs. Tittell
became reduced in circumstances, and
her three daughters, ! Charlotte, Essie
and Minnie, j went on the stage while
yet children. They became great fa
vorites with theater-goers, and all are
now high in legitimate drama.
Mrs. Tittell had lived for six years past
at 1206 Market street. Her mind became
deranged the day McKinley arrived in
San Francisco and partial paralysis fol
lowed her mental ailment. Charlotte Tit
tell had been visiting her and had left" for
New York only two days before. Her son-»
in-law,- George E. Crater, husband of Es
sie Tittell,' came out from New York and
-started East with Mrs. Tittell, intending
to -have her placed in a private sani
tarium, but she succumbed to her illness
en route and the son-in-law returned with
the body.
The daughters all reside in New York.
A. sister. of deceased, Mrs. Frankie King,
lives in San Francisco, and another re
sides in 'Fresno.
Peter Martin need prevaricate no
longer, nor blush progressive blushes. that
cover him from chin to brow, when lead
ing questions are put to him and the name
of Miss Lillie Oelrichs is mentioned. His
secret *is out at last and Peter is open to
congratulations. Whatever, the reasons
were, that made it necessary to keep the
pleasant news a secret they have been
zealously guarded from an interested pub
lic. The Oelrichs have been discreet and
Peter . Martin equally silent. The swell
-from Burlingame apparently believes that
discretion is the better part of a man, for
even at this stage of his romance he
maintains that it would not be gentle
manly, of him to make any announce
ment; and further, he wants Kis.friends
to withhold their well meant congratula
tions until he gets news direct from Mrs.
Oelrichs that his betrothal is announced.
Being an engaged man has changed
Peter Martin greatly. He has become
silent and even so modest that he will
not admit for publication that the heart
and the promise of the hand' of the New
York belle are his.
"I can't make or confirm any announce
ment," said Mr. Martin last evening, as
he, was enjoying his dinner in the com
pany of his mother at the family home
out.' on Broadwuy. "A gentleman never
makes such an announcement. It is cus
tomary for the family of the lady to do
that." .
"But you know that you are engaged?"
queried, the interviewer..
"I know nothing," said Mr. Martin, and
he said it so positively that there could
be no question of denying his assertion.
The. announcement of the . betrothal
causes not a -little stir in the swell New
York set. Rumors of the engagement of
Miss Oelrichs and Mr. Martin have been
so constantly afloat and so persistently
denied by, the mother of the fair young
bride-to-be that the formal announcement
of the engagement following so soon upon
a denial occasioned not a little good-na
tured -gossip.^
The news of the engagement came in
the following dispatch: N. '.
NEWPORT, . R. I., June 19.— Mr. and Mrs.
Charles M. Oelrichs announced to-day . the en
gagement of their daughter, Miss Natalie Oel
rlchs, to Peter D. Martin of San Francisco.
This engagement has been frequently rumored
of late, but the rumors have always been de
nied. . : ' '.
Society people will be glad to know that the
weddlngr will be an event of the Newport sea
son, taking place the last ¦week in August. *
As Miss Oelrlchs and Mr. Martin are both
members of the Roman Catholic church, the
ceremony, will be performed In one of the large
Roman Catholic edifices of the city.
Miss Oelrichs, who is known to her friends
as "Llllie," has been much admired for her
personal beauty. She is a. tall, graceful girl
with light wavy hair and expressive blue eyes.
She Is a skillful whip and Is. considered one
of the most vivacious and interesting oPths
younger set ! of girls at Newport. . She has
acted as bridesmaid at some of the most not
able of recent society weddings at Newport
and in New York.
Mr. Oelrlchs.i father of the prospective bride,
is a broker In New York. He is a brother
of Hermann Oelrlchs. Henry ' Oelrichs and
Mrs. William Jay. Mies Oelrlchs' mother was
formerly Miss Blanche DeLoosey and- is a sis
ter of Mrs. Theodore A. Havemeyer.
Mr. Martin and his bride will go to Buffalo
Immediately after their weddlngr, and later
they will bo abroad to hunt in Ireland. It la
their Intention to pass . part of the year in
Newport and part in Burlingame.
Peter Remains Discreet and
Will Not Add His Con
firmation.
LADY'S PARENTS
GIVE OUT NEWS
Oelrichs-Martin Engage-
Jment Announced at
Newport. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM;, THURSDAY, J^E 20. 190 1.
12
FILLMORE WILL FOLLOW
WRIGHT INTO RETIREMENT
Will Be Asked to Resign, and J.M. Her
bert, WhoHaS Been Selected by President
Hays to Succeed Him, Is Now in California
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
b DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
YOU GET YOUR GOODS THE SXHB
DAY YOU ORDER THEM. "WE PRIDB
OURSELVES OX OUR PROMPT DE-
LIVERY.
Creamery Butter, 2 squares 55c
Limit, 2 squares.
Claret, gallon 40c
An excellent old tabl« wine.
Regularly 60c.
Baked Beans. 2-lb can 10c
. A delicious combination of
Pork and Beans with Tomato Since.
Reeularly 15c.
Uneeda Milk Biscuits, pig 5c
Crisp and tender.
Regularly 10c. »-. i
Wood Alcohol, bat 30c, pi $1
For burnlnsr DUrsoses.
Reeularly 40c and U.23. " :
Yellowstone Whiskey—
Full quart bottl: $1, giiloa $4
For quality. ¦ .
Regularly $1.23 and J5.C0.
New Jams, jar. ....15c
Strawberry, Raspberry and
Blackberry. Regularly 20c.
Mineral. Water, in 4% $1.75
"Cook's Springs." Recommended for
Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all |
Stomach, Kidney and Uver troubles, ' j ; ' • *
Malaria cannot exist in the system \'.'.'~.\
of those who use this water. • ' i » ", T,
Regularly 12.25 a dozen. .
Cigars— Great Bargains—^
See Show Window. ( , ;
COUNTRY 0SOZE3 80UCITK).
CATALOGUE FEES.
SPECIAL SALEI
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
DR.MCOTETY:
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
Specialist cures Blood Poison, UoEorrhcea,Gleet,
Stricture, Ssm!u»l Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Roofc on Diseases of Men, fre«t
Over <t 0yean»Vxp*rience.T>rnM reasonable. Hours.
¦ 9to3da!lr;6-30tr>3.30eT'Z3. Sundays. 10 to li Consul-
tation free and3acredly confidential. Call Oi 1 address
P. RO9COE S/cXUI/rir, XI.D.
3C Vt Kearny s*t~ San Fran«l»eo. CsJ-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organa. Depot, 33 Market.
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Prlca 11 a bottle. For sala by druegUta.
tIrsday
Specials.
WOMEN'S. WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, full
R flare, Spanish flounce; sold else- QQ r
/where |l 50. Our price.... wOv
To-day we'll sell ' our regular $1 00
WOMEN'S MUSLIN GOWNS, beauti-
fully trimmed, three different '7 r K/-»
¦ styles. Yourcholce.... C Ow
WOMEN'S ' HEMSTITCHED MUSLIN
. DRAWERS, extra wide. On sale QA r
:.:.;........... Pair J*\3\*
Re'gular* II 50 WOMEN'S BEST PERCALE
FLOUNCED WRAPPERS, neatly
S trimmed, lined throughout;~all QQr»
: : sizes. On sale...................... t/Ow
WOMEN'S CRASH. UNDERSKIRTS; ac-
cordion pleated; others charge , £» q --»
• $1 00. -Olir price......; OOW
WOMENISi STRIPED COVERT CLOTH
OVERgKIRTS, : trimmed with • fancy
braids; sold elsewhere $1 50. Our OCJ^-»
' price • to-day ..."................... O O Vo
CHILDREN'S PERCALE WAISTS, usual
price 25c. To-day — :..... ' I^q
WOMEN'S GINGHAM APRONS, sold else-
where for. 20c. Our price;.;..... ir){>
WOMEN'S BLACK or/ COLORED ' MER-
; CERIZED . I SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS,
- flounce • lined and trimmed with three
small ruffles; regular price $1 25.
• On sale to-day ."... I OC
WOMEN'S i LONG SLEEVE s KNIT UN-
DERVESTS t all -'sizes; regular « p» -»
¦ price ¦ 25c.' On sale....... 1 ..... — 1UV
LAST WEEK- OF OUR BIG EMBROID-
.ERYSALE— Our 5c, 6c, 7VJC, 8c, 10c values;
all" nsv patterns; are- worth -twice the
money.
WE CLOSE -AT:6 O'CLOCK.
12124214 MARKET ST.y
. r. Between Taylor "and Jones)
Sale's.
1 -^y/lr- . Our $3*0. Shoes 'for jL j£B^ |
ti // V* &¦ men an(^ women . far in i<M^^jt B
I) 7i 7f '¦ advance of any com- gKB. \ Np^ 5 ?* H
P| f. -JS-^^o petitors, have won the KM V S—^F4&V lv ' H
H '^V ri> 7 prize of public favor in Sj|j|L N^ j^V^&^S Pj
M ¦//¦^^ tne hunt for excellence W$- \\i / 0.(1 *T\\ m
j§ / The unassailable proof of this lies in the 1 slip / i .j*/ B;
$ / great crowds which may be seen any V \ /J'f / B
j£j ( day in our store. By offerine our cus- mis rtl\ I If
|a A tomers shoes of the finest quality, in all V^^^w /. H
|5 I the fashionable shapes and every mate- "/ ] I H
Hi i rial, we not only, win their own confi- / /A B
|j i dence rsnd appreciation, but through VTH£ ' fl
K ' /^T^T tllCm reach their f"ends. H
\i /^i 2? Thus, our larce volume of H
N Bfflfil^^ 1 *^^ business is daily increasing, S& TfcW H
« / for people who want the best l& f WB l|
H r^ 1 5 ° shoe on the marJ<et . Wa H
P f 't / must come to us. A M H
Bk pot>Q£<>&-*DV'J-r-- ihmii.m inn rfOTf
} The J. .Voonon Furniture Co. (Inc.) (
V Cash-or-Little-at-a-Timc. ( l
$5.00 RUGS for $3.00!
Beautiful $5.00 Axmlnster Rugs, 1
36x60. Persian designs, in an Infinite/
variety of colors and patterns at ,
53.00 this week. We carry a large
line of rugs of every descrip-
tion, and offer you special val-
ues in Axmlnster. Moquette, Body . '
Velvet and Smyrnas. Be sure and ,
i come In and look at them. Wo fur-
nish your house complete; you will I
find everything here you can possibly
need - for furnishing or replenishing. ,
Call and get our prices before pur- |
chasing, for we have no rent to pay
and can sell you for cash or llttle-at- I
a-time. ' .
) Our prices are - Just as low as the ,
\ lowest.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY',
\ 'Incorporated). ,
( io I 7- IO23 Mission Street. I.
) Above Sixth. . San Francisco./
( ,\Ve close at 6 p. m.'every day tjut Saturday. |
'.twnfvaitMin Dress &Kirts
Tor exfiinpJe:a flounced -oneioi?-9ix.ou.
This one at $4.50 is made from all-wool cheviot, trimmed with a wide
flaring flounce and taffeta bands. Every feature about them is strong and
characteristic — black only.
Others:
$4-95 each— Cheviot dress skirts: all At 86.75— Very stylish skirts, all
wool, of course, with a flaring flounce. cheviot. They have a rraceful swing.
They are trimmed with three stylish trimmed with two rows of satin.
bands of stitched taffeta, navy blues bound with velveteen, lined through-
and grays. out.
Dress Silk Skirt for $7.45.
They, too, are very exceptional. Made from an excellent worthy taffeta, lined
all through and trimmed with two rows of frilling.
Worth Table Linens
Worthily Priced.
— Not a doubtful yard is here.
— No extravagant prices either.
You're safe! You don't have to wait till you, put the stuff in water to see
if you can get your money's worth. There's no starch, no.sizing, no finishing
to mislead you. We get such good, true linens that the longer you keep them
the better opinion you have of us. You couldn't keep our linen business
down any more than you could keep an oak tree from growing by main force.
-Now a price or two:
35c a vard. Unbleached Table Damask-50 Inches wide, a good heavy lin-
en, 10. pieces.
5Sc a vard. An All-Linen Damask, with soft satiny finish, bleached a
snowy white, 70 Inches wide.
Bed and White Tableine 19c yard-58 Inches wide. In a variety of pat-
terns, a 25c grade that we're able to sell row at 19c.
They're the old-fashioned kind, made of wood, well season-
ed, held In shape by three Iron hoops. It Is a bucket mada
to stand the weather. Of course, mall or telephone orders will
be filled, but we would rather have you come in person. "We
. want you to see what a bright and busy place we have down-
stairs. 14c for this bucket.
"^sip* Dollsir*
|jiiik5aving.
e c o n o-
mical when they save the
eyes as well. Our eye-
glasses and spectacles are
not only saving" on the
purse, but they perfectly
. rectify any imperfection
of the vision, are com-
fortable from first to. last,
and they look better than
any others.
StaKQABPOptpl€o:
217 Keamey_5t,~ 5™ Tmtisio
itsiili
mohmy ill
f. ~ ; This Oral Train |
£ runs but twice g
linn »=T
TUr Leaving at 9 am, I
ft arrives in m
CALIFORNIA Eiiri
LI Rll I Lll Its hlgU standard I
5 H ol service is i
0N fully maintained.
|"VANVR00M" I
t| DENTAL PARLORS, M
| 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |
UfHtt
fflAWEEK
§E§[\i)^ will purchase a
tW0jI PCP * * ° * ! y tai "
*f*i^W lorcd » fashion-
*%!&$/' ably cut gentle- '
" sV^Cfc 'man's suit to
,^r-»o^^^^^>f order. You
5^^^rK will find the
6$p^pPl fabric as '.
»«_¦¦¦¦ £ood as«rthe
• 5.W I U workman-
>L— Bfljff^ ship. Plenty
r rH? °* cloths to
T/Mlsi choose from.
r^^K8-l32Elti5St.Si/ 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sale's.