VOLUME XOI.-XO 3.
LAWMAKERS OF THE LAND RESUME THEIR
LABORS AT THE CAPITAL OF THE NATION
OPENING SCENES IN THE HOUSE
FURNISH A GREAT SPECTACLE
Amid Beautiful Floral Tribu : tes^,the_|{epresentativeis.
Organize by the Election of Of f iceirs.
WASHINGTON. -Dec 2.—
The opening day. of tha
first session of the Fifty
seventh Congress in the
House of Representatives
furnished a spectacle that
delighted the crowded galleries. The ma
chinery of the House is cumberous and
is set in motion by a laborious process,
but the spectators to-day evidently did
not consider it tedious, as they clung to
their places through the entire proceed
ings, which lasted four ■ - and one-half
hours, probably half the time being con
sumed in the monotonous calling of the
rolL The organization of the House was
accomplished according to time-honored
precedents. Speaker Henderson was
Eworn in by General Blngham, and after
delivering a very graceful speech In rec
ognition of the honor bestowed upon
him he in turn administered the oatu to
the meinbers-elect. The usual commit
tees were appointed to inform the Presi
dent and the Senate that the House was
organized and ready to do business; a
committee of three, consisting of Payne,
Hingrham and Richardson, was appointed
lo join a similar committee of the Sen
ate and wait upon the President and
inform him that Congress was ready to'
receive any communication he might
have to make; the rules cf the last House
were adopted after a slight jar, and then
the biennial seat-drawing occurred. This
latter ceremony was robbed of much of
its Interest to-day by the fact that under
the new arrangement oi seats there are
more than enough to go round and those
whese names are drawn last do not suffer
8.s they did on former occasions.
Beautiful Floral Display.
The flower Ehow, which Is the great
feature of the opening day, was not as
imposing as usual. More flowers -than
ever before were sent to members, but
after the Beat-drawing the House ad
journed before a third of them were
brought Into the hall.
On the floor members were arriving
every minute. The lobby in the rear of
the hall was filled with floral emblems
t tent to popular members, by admiring
' constituents. There were tons of flowers
end a glance through the lobby was like
a vista through a veritable flower garden.
>.s< a rule, the leaders on both sides,
like the principal actors in a drama, were
fclow in making their appearance, but as
-w«y arrived the celebrities were eagerly
'•pointed out to the spectators in the gal
leries. Richardson of Tennessee took his
old place about the center of the minor
ity side shortly after 11 o'clock. He was
immediately surrounded by his Demo
cratic colleagues. General Grpsvenor of
Ohio was recognized instantly when he
appeared with the never-failing carnation
In his buttonhole. Dalzell of Pennsylva
nia. Littlefield. the hard-hitter from
Maine, who leaped into prominence in the
last Congress: Hepburn of Iowa, another
wielder of the sledge hammer, and other
prominent members began arriving soon
after. A number of Senators, including
Senator Bpooner *of Wisconsin, drifted
in from the Senate side to confer with
their colleagues of the House. "Deacon"
JriS V. White of New York, who formerly
Vas a member of the House, and who has
not failed to be present at the opening of
Congress in a dozen rears, waa on the
The San Francisco Call.
floor as usual, renewing old acquaint
ances. The 'unwonted spectacle of a
member of the Supreme -Court in the ball
was also witnessed— Justice McKenna,
himself an old member of the House.
House Called to Order.
At 11:30 o'clock one of the assistant
doorkeepers, standing at the clerk's desk,
warned those on the floor that those not
entitled to be there must retire. Wilcox,
the swarthy Delegate from Hawaii, and
Degetau, the Delegate from Porto Rico,
attracted attention as they moved]through
the throng on the floor. Every chair ex
cept those in the diplomatic and execu
tive galleries was occupied when, at 12
o'clock, McDowell, clerk of the House,
brought his gavel down. The b^zz of con
versation ceased and the clerk announced
that prayer would be offered. The mem
bers and many of ■ the spectators arose
and stood with bowed heads as the Rev.
Couden, the blind chaplain, invoked ' the
divine blessing. He referred feelingly to
the death cf President McKinley.' '
The roll of members-elect was then
called by States, amid an, ever-Increasing
uproar of voices as conversation became
general throughout the hall. When the
clerk announced that 318 members— a quo
rum — had answered to their names. Lacy
of Iowa, moved . that -the House proceed by
viva voce vote to the election of a Speak
er. The motion being carried, Cannon of
Illinois,. chairman of the Republican cau
cus, placed in nomination General Hen
derson of Iowa, amid a salvo of applause
frcm the entire Republican membership.
Henderson Chosen Speaker.
Hay of Virginia, chairman of the Demo
cratic caucus, amid loud Democratic ap
plause, . presented the name* of Richard
son of Tennessee. A general laugh fol
lowed as Neville of Nebraska placed In
nomination Stark of his own State, who
is now the only, other Populist acting in
dependently. Rumple (R.) of Iowa, Me-
Clellan CD.) of New York, Bates (R.) of
Pennsylvania and Maddox (D.) of, Geor
gia were appointed tellers. The /result
was: Henderson, 190; Richardson,' .149;
Stark. 1; Cummins of New York.l. -
Richardson, Stark and Cummins ' were
appointed a committee to escort the
Speaker to the chair. As General Hen
derson appeared two minutes later on the
arm of Richardson, the- Speaker, was
greeted with a great outburst of applause
from both sides of the House. Richard
son introduced him in half a dozen words.
The Speaker spoke briefly:
"Gentlemen of. the House of Represen
tatives: This high honor that you have
conferred^ upon me I profoundly appreci
ate. All. the more do I appreciate it, com
ing as It does with this generous expres
sion from both sides of the chamber.
There is left another method for a pre
siding officer to express his appreciation
of such an honor— that Is by a kindly;
firm and faithful administration of the
law and the rules that govern this body.
It will be my aim to discharge impar
tially the duties of this office. Aa I said
at the opening of the last Congress, no
presiding officer can successfully admin
ister the duties of his office unless he has
the support of the body over which * he
presides. I asked . f or • it then ; • you < gave
it to me throughout the entire Congress.
Permit me once more, .to . invoke, that *pa-
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESiPAX^ 3, 1901.
tlence, kind and splendid support which
was accorded to me In the last Congress."
"The maker of laws should not be a
breaker of laws. We proceed under law
and rules, and the duties devolving upon
each and all of the membership of this
House will be far better conserved If this
principle is keptin mind and acted upon..
"Again sincerely thanking you each and
all, I am ready to take the prescribed
oath of oflice." (Applause.)
Bing-ham Administers Oath. . . » '
The duty of .administering the oath of
office to the Speaker fell to Bingham of
Pennsylvania, the oldest member of the
House in point of continuous service.
The Speaker then in turn administered
the- oath to the members-elect. They
came forward in State delegations as
their names were called. At the conclu
sion of the ceremony the Speaker laid
before the House the resignation of Nich
olas Muller as a Representative from the'
Seventh Congressional District of New
York, to. take effect December 1.
Cannon of Illinois then presented the
following resolution for the election of
officers of the House:
"Resolved, That Alexander ' McDowell
of Pennsylvania be and' Is hereby chosen
Clerk of the House of Representatives;
that Henry Casson of Wisconsin be and
Is hereby, chosen sergeant-at-arms; that
William Glennan of New York be and is
hereby chosen doorkeeper; that Joseph
C. McElroy of Ohio be and Is hereby
chosen postmaster; and that H. N. Cou
gen of Michigan be and is hereby chosen
chaplain. 1 '
Hay of Virginia, on behalf of the mi
nority, presented a substitute resolution
containing the names of the candidates
selected by the Democratic caucus, last
Saturday. The minority resolution- was
voted down and Cannon's resolution was
adopted without division. . - ..
To Notify, the President.
The usual formal resolutions to notify
the President and Senate. that the House
had selected Henderson as Speaker and
McDowell as Clerk were adopted. ■.'.-■
. Bingham of Pennsylvania then offered
a resolution for appointment by- the
Speaker of a committee of three, to Join
a similar committee of the Senate to i'wait
upon the President and notify him that a
quorum of the two houses had assembled
and that Congress was ready to receive
any communication he might have .to
make. The resolution was adopted and
the Speaker appointed Payne of New
York, Bingham of Pennsylvania and
Richardson of Tennessee.
Dalzell then offered the resolution
adopted by the Republican caucus on Sat
urday for the adoption of . the rules of
the House, with certain specified amend
ments, as the rules of the present House.
This drew the first fire from "the other
aide. Richardson inquired whether op
portunity, was to be given to offer
amendments, and on receiving a negative
reply he protested against such » action.
He said he desired to offer some. amend
ments which he thought would prevail if
the gentleman ■ from Iowa (Hepburn)
could deliver? the forty votes which the
newspapers had said he had in the Re
publican caucus last Saturday.
■ - Dalzell said the proceeding was'slmllar
Contiaued on Page Two,
ALL GALLERIES ARE CROWDED
TO VIEW SENATE PROCEEDINGS
Blind Chaplain; Milburn Feelingly Alludes to the Loss
Rec-ritly; Sustained by the Nation.
"\B "W ■ V ASH INGTON, Dec: .Z.—A
#' profusion 'of floral; offer^
'tt f^kf lng3 ' ""'"Julie ■ unusual' *|rf
*& , quantity, variety", andrin
y . ■ ■ .'▼..': beauty/ "''.-I to-day '■//[ trans-
; r . formed..the r SehateJ..cham-!
ber into a veritable, .flower.,;, show.", ,{Al.r
most every, member of the body Ijwag i-the
recipient -, of - one or more of -'tnese^.eyl-.
dences of ; the' regard of.' his friends^ and
the > atmosphere V of ■ . the ■• chamber > was
heavy \ with /the \ odor of rare, plants ' and
blossoms';." The display , 'of chrysanthe
mums was "notably ■ beautiful,; many -'Vof
the specimens being of .the. choicest varie
ties.. :'.'• '. ., v -.'.-" -,';. .■/;,.■"'■'.■''/'.-•:''■.;'
An hour, before noon? both the public'
and private galleries were :ttironged*w*tli i
spectators^ every, available inch of >tand
ing room being occupied. .Senators assent- 1
bled slowly, \ Kean ' of New \ Jersey 'being .
the first Senator to appear.; in . the • cham- j
ber., He! was closely followed: by Tlllman
of "South Carolina and \ -Hoar : of
chusetts"! who soon after -took hisV seat ;
and buried himself :in a ; newspaper! . ThV
venerable Senator of . Missouri 'was
in his seat * twenty ''minutes , -before » the :
body was called to order.^ He was accord-^
ed a most 'cordial, reception by-, his /coif
leagues. .By noon practically ; every • Sen- V
a tor in the city had arrived : in the . chVrin-V
ber. Many ' of. Uhem made, no" attempt Xio <
take,the|r seats- on| account; of Jthe^wealth 1 ?
of floral, offerings - which t airly , filled t'h e }
desks/ and; alsles.r. .,. : '.±\<l';.:^ J^£Z} Yiiii
Precisely at 12" o'clock Frye of Maine,;
president pro tem. of tlie Senate, rapped
for order. \":. ''■•:-.:
; The ' blind chaplain of the Semite, the
Rev. Mr. Mllburh, then delivered the fol
lowing: Invocation: :,'.y.- •..];. li\
Invocation by Blind -Chaplain.
. VGod of our fathers, tny servants of this'
chamber are come' together for the open
irigr "of • the Fifty-seventh Congress" with
kindly;feelings '.eachj. for" the other, and.
Irrypressed with" the sense I of duty as. their
tasks^are opening before them.' And' yet •
there'comes* tcPus the oppressive*: sense
of . unspeakable loss— the departure of • our
friend fand -brother, our father "and 'the
cheer;of> the nation, by the band of the'
assassin. ■ '•' • /rjV\:"-;V.
.' "O Lord God, let thy pity and grace
come to all , the people of this land ■ by
reason of this unspeakable, calamity." And
as thy servant, the widow, sits alone and
bereft, may thy comfort and consolation
■come to her. ' ..-,. -"*'•:.
"And grant, O Lord, thatwe mly duly
;feel the".loss and. sorrow attendant," upon
; the departure (from earth of a member of
'this body, a Senator from South' Dakota.
/Hear our devout prayers In behalf of- thy
•servant, the senior Senator from New
.'Jersey (Sewell), and grant that the means
'that are used for his recovery to -health
/may' be blest'b'y' thee "and -may ■ bo come
to his place. upon this floor agaln ; crowned
wlth : thy; loving kindness. ., -,, ' . '] ;•■" :
, w'.'.Grant ! thy 1 grace '. to - every,: member - of
';} '•' .' ". '■-'..: ■ ".'''.''.■."''•..'
this body and) to; all. who ara dear to
them, and 'so, may", the light and favor of
God our v father be with us, now and for
evermore..; Amen." " ,*•. :
.Credentials Are Presented. *
' Credentials were 1 presented of Charles
H.: Dietrich .and Joseph H.; Millard of
Nebraska, r'Alf red B.Kittredge of. South
Dakota ; and ;: Paris Gibson; of Montana.
Frye "; administered to them the bath of
office. ..■■-r." •,< ■'.'.. : - ■:,:■', "'.■.••: : .-,'■.-*<
? Formal resolutions were, offered by Cul- (
lorn of Illinois that the. House be notified
that the Senate was ready to proceed to
business; !by Allison . that the meeting of
the Senate be 12 o'clock noon, and by Hale
of Maine that a committee of two Sen
ators be. named to join a similar commit
tee of the House, to Inform; the President
that Congress was in session and pre
pared to receive any message that ha
might "desire to submit. • .
Hale ..and Morgan of Alabama were
named as the committee. .
McLaurin ; of : South Carolina offered a
Joint resolution authorizing the admission
freeof duty of Imports of articles Intend
ed to be exhibited at the Charleston • Ex
position and the transfer of the Govern
ment: exhibits .at, the, Buffalo Exposition
to the Charleston Exposition. v
Senator Hoar Objects.
Hoar ."objected* to immediate considera
tion, saying it was the universal practice
of • the Senate to transact no business un
til ',the i President- had been * informed • that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MOST IMPRESSIVE SCENE AT
THE OPENING OP THE UNITED
STATES SENATK '
CONGRESS
AT WORK
Tlany Witness the
Reassembling.
WASHINGTON. Dec 2.—
The opening of tha flrst
session of the Fifty
seventh Congress this
morning drew to the
Capitol a great throng
of spectators eager to witness the- scenes
tt animation which mark the annual re
assembling of the national lawmakers.
Although the actual work of the two
houses was hot to begin until 12 o'clock
the .historic old structure, now refur
nished from end to end until it shone with
marble, gilt and rich decorations, waa
astir long before that hour. It was an
ideal day. to bring out the public, sunny
and warm, with just enough breeze from
the south to lazily stir the flags over the
Capitol, some of which were raised for
the first time since the adjournment of
Congress nine months ago.
No Restriction to Crowds.
There were no entrance restrictions and
the crowd flowed uninterruptedly into tha
building. Many ladles were In the throng.
Including the wives asd families of Sen
ators and members as well as many of
the feminine representatives of tha Cab
inet, diplomatic and executive circles.
Senators and Representatives began ar
riving early in the day and- there waa
the usual handshaking among old friends
and informal talk of the work ahead.
The veteran Senator from Iowa, Allison,
was one of the first to reach the Sonata
wing ' and resume his work as chairman
of Jj the Committee on Appropriations.
Jones, of Arkansas, the "Democratic floor
leader, in, the Senate, was another early
arrival and had a cm la of his Demo
cratic colleagues In the cloakroom dis
cussing the session's programme.
Speaker Henderson did not reach tha
House wing until shortly before the ses
sion opened and remained in the private
office . of the Speaker, conferring with
members during the formalities preceding
his re-election as Speaker.
Congress was prepared to do business.
The resolution was withdrawn temporar
ily. -
Recess was taken until 2 o'clock, but
no report of the organization of the House
being received at that time Gamble of
South Dakota formally announced tha
death of Senator Kyle of that State on
the first of last July. He offered the usual
resolution expressive of the sorrow of tha
Senate and, after its adoption, the Senate,
as an additional mark of respect, ad
journed until to-morrow.2
FIGHT FOR EXCLUSION OF THE CHINESE
CALIFORNIANS REMAIN
ON CHIEF COMMITTEES
Senators and Representatives From Golden
State to Aid Needed Legislation.
. •; . . ■ , - ■ v . ....
BY C.C.J CARLTON.
\ Special Dispatcato~T*ireX!all.~
CALL BUREAU, 1406- G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.-
When Congress convened, at noon
to-day both California Sena-
tors were in .their seats, ah<i
all of the California members answered
to the House roll call. This, the Fifty
seventh Congress, enters' upon an era of
action which promises to be of great im
portance to the Pacific Coast. Besides the
exclusion of Chinese, which is of para
mount interest, there are the Nicaragua
canal construction bill, Philippine govern
ment bill, the question of irrigation, etc.
Other Congresses of recent years have
passed upon questions of war and strife,
but this Congress will deal with issues no
less important and involving the every-day
material interests of the citizens of the
United States and the welfare of other
peoples whose destinies war has placed in
their hands.
It is in part a new Congress. A goodly
proportion of fresh blood was infused in
the recent elections. Representatives
coming direct from the people will be
present to voice the wishes of their con
stituents. At the same time, there re
main in both Senate and House practic
ally the same number of old leaders, men
of wide experience In legislating, of
thorough familiarity with the needs of
the country, the policies of the dominant
party and parliamentary practice. It
would seem to be a commingling of con
eervatism and enterprise.
Clear Majority in House.
The House has a membership of 357 of
which 197 are Republicans and 151 are
Democrats and 9 are Fusionlsts, Silver
ltes and Populists. With this division the
Republicans would have a clear majority
over all of thirty-seven in case the Popu
lists voted with the Democrats on party
questions.
• The Senate has eighty-seven members,
there being at present three vacancies
The Republicans will have a majority in
the Senate varying from twenty to
twenty-four, according to the way certain
■former Populists and Fusionlsis vote, and
.taking into consideration the proba
bility of at least one Democrat voting
with the administration on national poll
:cies.
" The new members of the House number
.ninety-two, of whom fifty are Republi
cans, thirty-eight are Democrats and four
are Fusionista, but who will probably voto
with the Democrats.
Thus not only is there a preponderance
in numbers of old members of the House
in the present body, but it happens that
most of the individual and experienced
•men in both parties were re-elected. The
Questions of national, Internal and foreign
policy' which' are^to be treated and.solved,
cr-rpartly" settled ' by this" Congress' have
been discussed-, for- \yeteks '-past in inter
views with incoming legislators and are
well-defined" and, •familiar: -Internal taxa
tion and internal improvements in trade
relations twlth foreign-nations and the de
pendencies; Nicaraguan canal arid the up
buil-iing of thei. American merchant .'ma
rine; increased -naval strength and: coast
defense; submarine telegraphic communi
cations with the Pacific possessions, will
be some of the principal subjects of Con
gressional .consideration.
Clearly Denned Issues.
The new Congress began its work with
a new President -in the White House — not
a new administration, however. In the
fullest sense of the word, for the pledge
the present executive made by the bier
of his predecessor to follow in his foot
steps is still fresh in the memory of the
nation. Aside from the economic phase of
the prospective legislation of this Con
gress its work will be watched. with in
terest from a political .view. point. Cam
paign material for the impending Con
gressional election Is to be made. The
two old parties, having shaken off popu
lism, will face each other on clearly de
fined issues.
The first session promises to be a long
one, probably running -far 'into the sum
mer. Every Senator and Representative
expects it to be an interesting and mo
mentous one. There are not likely to be
many changes made in the committee po
sitions of California Senators and mem
bers, and this is fortunate as they all have
first-class committee places with the ex
ception of Congressman Woods. He suc
ceeded Congressman De Vries when the
latter resigned, but did not fall' heir to
De Vries' important committee assign
ments; in fact, his sole committee position
,ls on '"ventilation and acoustics." This
body Is supposed to regulate and purify
the atmosphere of the House wing of the
Capitol, but unfortunately It never meets
to do business. <•„ =■■
Californians on Committees.
Seriator Perkins will undoubtedly re
main .a member of the appropriations and
naval affairs, two of the most important
committees In the Senate. He is also a
member of the "Pacific Islands and Porto
Rico Committee." Bard* will remain on
manufactures, public, lands, Indian af
faire, railroads and* woman's suffrage.
Loud will continue at the head of post-,
offices and. post roads, „ one. of the most
important of committees. . He is ' also
chairman of the committee on v transporta
tion of mail. Metcalf. it is expected, will
be on naval affairs and District of Colum
bia, as usual, and Kahn on Judiciary and
immigration. In this latter position he
will be enabled to do effective Chinese
TH£1 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
BARS MUST NOT BE LET DOWN
FOR INCOMING COOLIE LABOR
California Congressmen Believe a Law Similar to the
Geary Act Will Soon Be Enacted.
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G street, N.
ft T W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.—Cal
(l ' ' / ifornia Congressmen agree ■ that
prompt legislation Is required to
' " T shut out Chinese labor from this
country. Senator Perkins thinks there is
•no doubt whatever that a law similar to
the Geary act. will be passed. early in the
session.
- "But It must be amended," said he.
"Something should be done to keep the
collies •from coming through the Mexican
door:; I'- have no doubt that when
■president Roosevelt's message is heard on
,-the subject, of exclusion many members of
Congress, wlio might otherwise falter, will
be "brought into the fold."
"Did you discuss the matter with Pres
ident Roosevelt to-day when you called on
him in company with Seiisator Bard?'"
"Yes," said -the Senator. "I am not at
liberty . to .■ disclose the exact words of a
.private conversation with the President,
for this would be considered a breach of
propriety, but his message will, I think,
satisfy the California and Pacific coast
people." » ,
; Senator Bard said:
exclusion work should the bill be referred
to that committee instead of the foreign
affairs. - • '
Frank Coombs, the new member, may
fall heir to Barham's place on "irrigation '
and Interstate and foreign commerce.
Needham will retain his committee. on
public lands. • .McLachlan's assignments
are in doubt, but. he may get Waters' old
place on the coinage committee. •■
FOR RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Ban Diego May Ge"t an Appropriation
.,,. .. of $200,000. *
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Estimate's
of appropriations for the next fiscal year
submitted to Congress to-day, by the Sec
retary of the Treasury include the follow
ing for rivers and harbors in California:
Improvement San- Diego' harbor, $200, •■
000; San Luis Obispo, $65, 000 ;'Napa. River,
$4000; Petaluma v Creek, $4000; Sacramento
and Feather rivers, $18,000; San Joaquin
River, $18,000. ;■ :
JicKinley Memorial Resolutions.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Resolutions re
specting'the late '.President McKinley will
be introduced in the House by Represen
tative Grosvenor to-morrow, simultane
ously with the introduction by Foraker,
in the Senate, of the same resolutions.
The isthmian canal bill will come In
later. Representative Hepburn of Iowa
saying that it would not be deferred until
the organization of the Committee on In
terstate and Foreign Commerce. ' ,
To Cure a Cold in One Day . -
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature it cz each box, 25c,' •■
BY C. C; CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
."I have talked with a good many Sena
tors, and I found a strong sentiment in
favor of - continuing the exclusion act in
force. I have no doubt it will pass. Yet, it
always is best "not to be overconfident.
The Pacific coast. people and opponents of
Chinese- immigration everywhere should
apare no effort to bring about the passage
of the act. The- California delegation Is
keenly alive to the situation and will
leave nothing undone. I have had no
ocular" evidence of* a 'lobby 1 betnghere
to prevent the passage of a new exclusion
act, v but I have no doubt that friends of
the Chinese, will fight the bill stren
uously,''.. ; .
Representative Loud said:
. "I think a Chinese exclusion bill will
■pass, but It Is too: early to predict what
form it will take, as certain amendments
will have to be carefully considered. I
have, seen no . 'lobby' prowling around the
Capitol corridors; though I suppose, of
course, -the . Chinese Six Companies will
oppose the bill."
There* Must Be No Lapse.
Representative Kahn said:
"We intend to leave no stone unturned
to. accomplish Chinese exclusion, and we
must have it- in force in plenty of time to
OPENING SCENES IN THE HOUSE
Continued From Page One.
to that taken" In the last Congress. He
pointed out, that the rules were practical
ly identical with thbse -of the Fifty-first
Fifty-fourth and succeeding Congresses,
and practically identical with those of
the intervening ■ ! Democratic Congresses.
He then yielded five minutes to Richard
son, who denounced the rules.
> . .Hepburn Raises a "Laugh,
';". Hepburn in 'a five-minute speech said
that his .views on the. subject of - rule3
had; been entertained by him for many
years. He .had even attempted to secure
.their modification in the Fifty-third Con
gress, which was Democratic, and upon
that- occasion 'Richardson himself had
bitterly, opposed the change. This sally
raised a shout of laughter on the Repub
lican side. '
The ■ previous question was ordered, 176
to .143.. . . •,
. , Richardson moved to commit the reso
lution to the Committee on Rules, which
was lost, 142 to 185. - •■; ■
? The resolutions were then adopted.
•> Twelve o'clock noon was fixed as tin
daily hour of meeting. .-...■
: Then the seat drawing took place. Robb
and Champ -Clark, both of Missouri, and
both Democrats, were the first . names
•called. - Gibson of ■ Tennessee and . Over
street of Indiana were the first names
called oh the Republican side.
-Unanimous ..*• consent - was given that
Grow of Pennsylvania, an ex-Speaker of
the House, and Bingham of Pennsylvania,
the Vfather of the House," be allowed to
select thelr.seats without drawing. Simi
lar, consent! was given on behalf of Rich-
become operative before the present law
expires. A lapse or - gap of thirty days
would bring a perfect Hood of cheap labor,
not only through the Golden Gate, but
throueh all the Pacific coast and over the
Canadian and Mexican borders. ■ I intend
•also to urge a bill to shut out the anarch
ist types from Europe. . Such a bill is sure
to pa;is this Congress, along with. the ex
clusion act." • .•..■■•
Representative Metcalf is hopeful, too.
"I do not see any reason for apprehen
sion," said he. "It is true there are a
good many sentimentalists in Congress,
who have persistently opposed persecution
of the 'poor heathen,' but those who are
on the outside, outnumber them by a large
majority.
"A great many Congressmen who were
formerly friends of John are now hostile
to him on account of the Peking atroci
ties. On the whole, I consider the pros
pects for the passage of an exclusion act
much • better than they were ten years
ago, when Geary's act passed."
This is also the opinion of Representa
tives Coombs, McLachlan and Needham,
and they .have taken pains to ascertain
the sentiment of individual members of
the House. Representative Woods could
not be found to-night. • •■•••..
ardson and Creamer of New York, who
was a member of the Fifty-third Con
gress. . -
The name of Watchler. Republican, of
Maryland, was the last name drawn. The
seat drawing concluded the Speaker as
signed the contested cases to committee.
. A committee on mileage, headed by
Reeder, Republican, of Kansas, was ap
pointed.
A resolution was adopted to allow the
importation free of payment of duty of
all articles from foreign countries
and the transfer of foreign "ex
hibits from the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo for the purpose of exhibi
tion at the South Carolina Interstate and
West Indian Exposition at Charleston, 3.
C. Then at 4:30 the House adjourned.
Cnll for Anti- Anarchist Conferenca.
BERLIN, Dec. 2.— According to a spe
cial dispatch from St. Petersburg, Ger
many and Russia have now reached an
entire agreement concerning the advan
tage of calling an international anti-an
archist conference. These two powerd
have sent identical notes to the other
powers of the- world,. and presumably to
the United States, inviting them all to
participate in this conference.
Prince -of Wales Compliments Actor.
LONDON, Dec. 2,— The Prince and
Princess of Wales attended the Lyceum
Theater to-night. At the end of the first
act William, Gillette ; was summoned to
the royal box and complimdhted upon his
artistic realization of Conan Dolye's fa
mous character of Sherlock 1 Holmes.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Secretary of
the Interior to-day sent to the House of Rep
resentatives a copy of a resolution of the"X*g
islature.of Hawaii asking a duty on coffee In
order ta protect the" coffee' Industry of Hawaii.
CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES IN THE NATIONAL. LEGISLATURE.
WHO ARE UNITED ON ALL MATTERS FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OP
, THE GOLDEN STATE.
EASTERN CONGRESSMEN
WILL AID PACIFIC COAST
Poll on Train Shows Pennsylvanians Are
Ready to Resist the Asiatic Hordes.
BY C. C. CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C.
Dec. 2.— There appears to be, no
doubt whatever in the minds of
California's Senators and Repre
sentatives in Congress that the Geary
Chinese exclusion act will be continued
in force and strengthened. No sooner
had Congress assembled than the Cali
fornia and the entire Pacific Coast dele
gations set diligently to work in advoca
cy of more rigid exclusion. It Is, of
course, the subject of legislation of par
amount interest to the Pacific Coast re
gion. But they were surprised to find
such lively interest exhibited by Senators,
and members from all sections of the
country. The Boxer uprising and atroci
ties committed during the siege of Pe
king have greatly intensified the feeling
against the Celestials, and the sentiment
against undesirable immigrants of all
classes, especially the anarchists, fanned
Into a flame by the assassination of Pres
ident. McKlnley, has not been allowed to
die cut. Every other member ha3 "a
bill" to put Into the legislative hopper
calculated to protect America from this
dangerous element.
Nor is the Boxer uprising forgotten
The anarchists and Chinese are included
in one sweeping anathema, "They must
go." The laoor organizations throughout
the country are up in arms, too. and
should there be any sentimentalist In this
Congress who religiously protest against
what they are pleased to call "race pre
judice and persecution of the poor heath
en," that sentiment will be quickly dis
pelled when they are brought face to face
with the thousands of petitions and me
morials that are now pouring in from
labor organizations all over . the country.
The petitions are being piled up in the
Capitol like cord wood. The labor organ
izations and the votes of individual work
ingmen are greatly feared by the average
member of Congress.
Combating Chinese Contributions.
Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation -of Labor, proposes
to solicit dollar subscriptions from mem
bers of the organization with which to
combat the fund to be raised by the Chi
nese Six Companies, who have assessed
each Chinaman In this country $1. Gom
pers has powerful allies in the heads of
other labor associations. Eugene V.
Debs of Indiana introduced a resolution
in the Central Labor Union which de
clares that capitalists would "use the
poorest paid toilers of the earth to Cheap
en production and force workingmen to
the degradation of being leveled to the
plane of these Imported Chinese. Con
gressmen and all thinking men should
use their influence to cause the re-enact
ment of the Chinese exclusion laws."
Congressman Holliday of Debs" district
says:
"I believe that the law excluding Cht
nese should be re-enacted. The country's
prosperity depends largely on the abKlty
of the worklngman to obtain good wage*.
To permit an alien people who are willing
to work for starvation wages to come into
this country and compete with our own
laborers would lower the general average
of wages and diminish by-so much the
ability of the American laborer to sup
port his family and educate his children "
John T. Morgan of Portland, Ore., who
came East to attend the convention of
the American Federation of Labor will
speak at a mass-meeting In Philadelphia
Saturday night and will then come to
Washington. Morgan and other delegates
from the West will deliver addresses
urging exclusion. The Central Labor
Union adopted resolutions calling upon
Congressmen to exert every effort in the
extension of the Chinese exclusion law.
In Favor of Exclusion.
The effect of labor union petitions upon
Congressmen is shown by a straw vote
of the Pennsylvania delegation taken on
a train between PhiladeltThta and Wash
ington by The Call correspondent yester
day. Of, twenty-five Congressmen inter
viewed nineteen expressed • themseivc3 in
favor of rigid exclusion and six wai'ted
"time to think." Quay was silent as
usual.
Representative Mondell of "Wyoming is
one of the most energetic Western mem
bers in behalf of exclusion. He has al
ready introduced a bill on the lines of the
Geary act. " Wi " 4C
"The people of my State and those of
the , whole Pacific Coast are very much
in earnest on this question," said Mon
deU to-day. "And they will be content
with nothing less stringent than the
P e W a »K < if Sh o al^l Ve ». es ? eclal attention
to the subject, and if the law now in ex
istence or some other equally prohibitive
is not adopted it will not be my fault. I
am personally very much interested, be
eause I feel that If by «ny B Hp Congress
should adjourn without taking adequate
action it would be a national calamity.
There is no doubt that thousands and
perhaps hundreds of tnousands of Mon
golians are now waiting: to emigrate Here
in expectation that the Geary law or some
similar bill will not be enacted. For- w.y;
part I can see no argument that will ex
cuse a Congressman voting against ex
clusion." •■ • . ■ ■
Representative Lacey of Iowa said:
"Chinese exclusion ■was one of the ' suu
jects which I made much or in my speech
in the last campaign in my State. The
labor organizations of Iowa were agitat
ing the question even then, and I thought
that they should be given an answer. I
told them I was for Chinese excluslo-i.
with an exception. The exception consti
tuted the fifty Chinamen who were on
board the American warships when Ad
miral Dewey licked the Spaniards at Ma
nila. These men should be admitted to
the United States, but no others. The in
terests of the laboring people of the coun
try demand that the bars be kept up, and
I think there is no doubt that Congress
will heed this demand."
Representative Frank Newlandg of Ne
vada is another ally of the Calif ornlan3,
and is doing effective missionary work.
President on the Kight Side.
President Roosevelt will, In his message
to Congress to-morrow, take a deter
mined stand In favor of continuing Chi
nese exclusion, and may. It is understood,
suggest some strong amendments.
Congressman Hitt. chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee of the House,
is also favorable to a continuance of the
Geary act, and, as he is one of the ablest
talkers on the floor of the House, and
one of the most influential, he will prove
a powerful ally of the Pacific Coast Con
gressmen.
In the Senate, although matters will
be favorable, there are some old-school
Senators like Hoar, for instance, who
may protest against the "unchristlan
like" treatment of the "poor heathen,"*
just as they have often for purely sen
timental reasons lifted their eloquent
voices for "Lo, the poor Indian."
The chairmanship of the Foreign Re
lations Committee will also be a factor
in determining the bill's fate in the Sen
ate. If Frye were to be chosen to suc
ceed Senator Cushman K. Davis of Min
nesota, deceased, he might make trou
ble, for, as is well known, Frye has long
been a warm friend and persistent cham
pion of the Pacific railroads. He was
Huntlngton's best friend in the en
tire Congress, Just as Morgan of
Alabama, also a member of the Foreign
Relations Committee, was his worst en
emy. Frye has never been an earnest
advocate of the Nicaragua canal, but
Morgan" has been its champion always.
Lodge a Friend of Coast.
Should Senator Lodge be made chair
man, the Pacific Coast will have a good
friend at the head of that committee.
Lodge is an intimate friend of President
Roosevelt. He will be the President's
mouthpiece In the Senate and will strive
to make the administration's policies ef
fective in that body. The chances are.
however, that Cullom of Illinois will
head the Foreign Relations Committee.
Hla attitude concerning exclusion is in
some doubt, though Californians say he
will not ignore the expressions of the
Chicago labor unions:
In conciusicn there appears to b*» no
doubt whatever In the minds of Califor
nia's Senators and Representatives that
Chinese exclusion will be continued.
Their only hope is to get in some strong
amendments to make it more effective,
and seek some means to prevent Chinese
entry into this country via Mexico.
While declaring their entire faith in
the passage of an exclusion act at this
session of Congress, each and every one
<-t them when seen to-nJght by The Call
representative said that the Pacific Coast
people should not relax their vigilance or
their energy merely because the prospects
»cem bright, for there are powerful in
i terests at work In favor of the Chinese.
and chief among them is the gigantic
combination of Pacific railroads, with
Morgan, Hill and Harriman at their head.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding riles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to retund money where It falls to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how long standing.
Cures ordinary cases In six days; the -worst
cases In fourteen days. One application jrive*
ease and rest. Relieves iffching Instantly. Thij
Is a new dUco-very. and la the only pile rem
edy sold on a posltiva guarantee, no cure no
pay A free sample will be sent by mail tc
any one sending their name and address.
Price. 60c. It your druggl3t don't keep It inV
stock send 60c In stamps and we will forward*
a full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis. Mo.. w fla
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Brorao-Quinino Tablets.INSULAR TEST CASES ARE DECIDED
CONGRESS HAS POWER
TO IMPOSE DUTY ON
PORTO RICAN EXPORTS
United States Supreme Court Sustains the
Constitutionality of the Law In
volved in Dooley Case.
WASHINGTON, Dec 2.-The
United States Supreme Court
to-day decided the second of
the Dooley cases. Involving
the constitutionality of the
law of April 12, providing for the collec
• tion of duty on articles shipped from the
» United States into Porto Rico. The de
cision was rendered by Justice Brown.
The Government is sustained In the sec
ond Dooley case. The Chief Justice and
Justices Harlan, Brewer and Peckham
united in a dissenting opinion. They hold
that the duty imposed was export in
character and the fact that it was levied
lor the benefit of Porto Rico did not
change Its character.
The Dooley case grows out of the im
position of tariff duties on goods shipped
from New York to Porto Rico May 1,
jyOO, to October 23 of the same year under
the act of April 12, 1900, providing reve
nues and a civil government for Porto
Kico, the sum involved being 51433. This
money was collected at Porto Rico on
goods shipped to that port by Dooley,
Smith & Co. to their agent In San Juan.
The collections were imposed under that
eection of law in question which provides
that " all merchandise coming into Porto
Rico from the Uunted States shall
be entered at the ceveral ports of entry
on payment of the 15 per cent duties
which are required to be levied, collected
«.nd paid on like articles of merchandise
imported from foreign countries into the
United States under the Dingley tariff
law."
The contention on the part of Dooley' t>
counsel v»*as that Congress had not
power under the constitution to impose
taxes or duties such as were levied under
ihe act of April 12 on articles taken into
I J orto Rican ports from other ports of
The United States, Porto Rico being an
f integral portion of the nation.
Porto Rico Not Foreign Territory.
Justice Brown held that as Porto Rico
is not foreign territory the goods shipped
to Porto Rico are not exports, but
whether exports or imports, the wide
range of Congress In the matter of* tax
ation was sufficient for a contingency of
this character. At best, he said, the duty
was a temporary expedient, and as it was
explicitly provided in . the Foraker act
that the Porto Rican Legislature could
change the character of the enactment
it was held that the Foraker act was
merely legislation in the interest of Por
to Rico. The Foraker act was sustained
on the grounds laid down in the Downs
case, another of the insular cases decided
at the last term. The decision of the
lower court was affirmed. Justice Brown
fxplicltly ea'd that the opinion was not
to be construed as a justification of ex
port duties.
Justice Brown said that the duties levied
were attacked on the ground that they
violated the clause of the constitution de
elarir.g- that "no tax or duty shall be laid
on articles exported from any State."
The court, he said. In the case of Wood
ruff vs. Parham, had held that the word
"import" in connection with the provis
ions cf the constitution, "that no State
shall levy any imposts or duties on im
ports or exports." "applied only to articles
Imported from foreign countries into the
United States. In that case Justice Miller,
■who delivered the opinion of the court,
gaid:
It Is not too much to say so far as research
has extended neither the words "export" nor
"import" nor "imposts" are to be found in the
<-;.- ut^ion of this subject as they have come
down to us from that time In reference to anv
other than foreign commerce -without some
special form of words to show that foreign
commerce is not meant. Whether we look,
then, to the terms of the clause of the con
stitution in question, or its relations to other
parts of that instrument, or to the history of
Its formation and adoption, or to the com
ments of the eminent men who took part in
those transactions, we are forced to The con
clusion tiiat no intention existed to prohibit
by this clause.
This definition of the word "imposts"
had afterward been approved in the case
of Brown vs. Houston. Proceeding, Jus
tice Brown said that if then. Porto Rico
he no longer a foreign country under the
Ding-ley act. as was held by a majority of
the court In De Lima vs. Bidwell, it Is
impossible to say that goods carried from
New Ycrk to Porto Rico can be con-
Fid^red as "exported" from New York
v.-ithin the meaning of that clause of the
constitution. If they are neither exports
nor imports they are still liable to be
taxed by Congress under the ample and
comprehensive authority conferred by the
constitution, "to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts and excises."
Findings of Justice Brown.
The question whether a duty laid by
Congress upon goods arriving at Porto
Kico from New York is a duty Vpon an
export from New York or upon an import
to Porto RSco. he said, was not free from
doubt, the manner in which and the
place at which the tax Is levied being of
minor consequence. Justice Brown con
tinuing said:
Oce thin*, however. Is entirely clear. The
tax !mr>oi-ed is on goods imported to Porto
Kico r.ince it was enacted by the Collector of
the Port of San Juan after the arrival of the
roods within the limits of that port. From
this moment the duties became payable as
cpon imported merciiandise. Xow, while an
Import into one port almost necessarily in
volves a prior export from another, still, in
determining the character of the tax Imposed,
it '£ important to consider whether the duty
be laid for the purpose of adding to the reve
nues r,f the country from which the export
takes nlace or for the benefit of the territory
Into which they are imported. By the third
section of the Foraker act imposing: duties
upon merchandise coming into Porto Rico from
the United States It is declared that "when
ever the Legislative Assembly at Porto Rico
woek wtli* conthttte
ON PENNSYLVANIA MINE
Supreme Court Decides Adversely to
the Boston and Montana Mining
Company.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 2.— The Supreme
Court to-day handed down an Important
decision in the litigation between the Bos
ton and Montana Mining Company and
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company.
Eoroe time ago Judge Clancy of Butte de
nied a motion of the Boston and Mon
tana Company for an injunction to re
strain the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company from working the Pennsylvania
mine pending a decision on the ownership
of the mine by the Supreme Court. The
Boston and Montana appealed from
Judge Clancy to the Supreme Court and
the latter to-day affirmed the lower
court. There is now a provisional injunc
tion in force, under the terms of which
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company is
operating the Pennsylvania, but It is not
believed there will be any further at
tempts by the Boston and Montana to
enjoin the rival company until the Su
preme Court hands down its opinion in
the main case.
Imports Into the Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Secretary Root
to-day declined to express an opinion as
to the effect of the insular decisions in
the Supreme Court to-day until he has
had an opportunity to read them In fulL
Figures obtained at the War Department
end Treasury Bureau of Statistics rela
tive to the trade affected show that from
the beginning of United States occupancy
of the Philippines, August 22, 1838, up to
June 30 last, the total Imports into the
Philippines from the United States were
valued at $L607.4S6, while during the same
period the imports from Spain were val
ued at J1.993,9'jO. On the other hand, the
Imports into the United States from the
Phillppir.es from September 1 1S98, to De
cember 1, 1901, aggregated $15,448,600. But
of this large total only $1,894,523 consisted
jef dutiable goods, bo that the refund on
1 these would not be large.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 2.— Chief Justice Ful
ler announced to-day that after the session
©f the court on Monday next a recess would
be taken for four weeks, the court to recon
vene Jar.UE.ry S.
*hall have enacted and put into operation a
system of local taxation to meet the necessi
ties of the Government of Porto Rico by this
act established' and shall by resolution duly
passed so notify the President, he shall make
proclamation thereof and thereupon all tariff
duties on merchandise and articles coin? into
Porto Rico shall ceaee. and from and after
euch date all such merchandise and articles
shall be entered at the several ports of entry
free of duty."
And by section 4 "the duties and taxes col
lected In Porto Rico in pursuance of this act
• • • shall not be covered Into the gen
eral fund of the Treasury, but shall be held
as a separate fund and shall be placed at the
disposal to be used for the government and
benc/lt of Porto Rico until the Government of
Porto Rico, herein provided for, shall have
been organized, when all moneys theretofore
collected under the provisions hereof then un
expended shall be transferred to the local
treasury of Porto Rico."
Now, there can be no doubt whatever that if
the Legislative Assembly of Porto Rico should
with the consent of Conrress lay a tax upon
poods arriving from ports of the United States
such tax if lesally Imposed would be a duty
upon imoorts to Porto Rico and not upon ex
ports from the United States, and we think
the same result must follow if the duty be
laid by Conrress in the interest and for the
benefit of Porto Rico.
Only 'Temporary Legislation.
The truth Is that in Imposing: the duty as a
temporary expedient with a proviso that it
may be abolished by the Legislative Assem
bly of Porto Rico at its will, Congress there
by shows that It is undertaking to legislate
for the island temporarily and only until the
local grovemment is put into operation. The
mere fact that the duty passes through the
hands of the revenue officers of the United
States Is immaterial in view of the require
ment that it shall not be covered into the
general fund of the Treasury, but held as a
separate fund for the government and benefit
cf Porto Rico.
The exaction is really correlative to that of
Downs vs. Bidwell, in which we held that
Congress could lawfully impose a duty on im
ports from Porto Rico, notwithstanding the
provision of the constitution that all duties,
imposts and excises shall be uniform through
out the United States.
It is true that this conclusion was reached
by a majority of the court by different pro
cesses of reasoning, but it is not the less true
that the conclusion that certain provisions of
the constitution did anply to Porto Rico and
that certain others did not, there was no dif-
It Is not intended hy this opinion to inti
mate that Congress may lay an export tax
upon merchandise carried from one State to
another. While this does not seem to be for
bidden by the express words of the constitu
tion. It would be extremely difficult if not
impossible to lay such a tax without a viola
tion of the first paragraph of article 1. sec
tion 8, that '•all duties. Imposts and excises
shall be uniform throughout the United
States." V>' ;-- >;
There Is a wide difference between the full
and paramount power of Congress in legislat
ing for a. Territory in the condition of Porto
Rico and Its power with respect to the States,
which is merely incidental to its right to resfu
late Interstate commerce. The question, how
ever, is not involved in this case, and we do
not desire to express an opinion upon it. There
duties were properly collected and the action
of the Circuit Court In sustaining the de
nyarrer to the complaint was correct, and it is
therefore affirmed.
Chief Justice Puller Dissents.
Chief Justice Fuller and Justices Brewer,
Harland and Peckham unite in a dissent
ing opinion in the case. The opinion was
read by the Chief Justice and was based
largely on the constitutional provisions
concerning: the regulation of commerce.
He said In part:
The power to regulate interstate commerce
was granted in order that trade between the
States might be left free from discriminating
legislation and not impart the power to create
antagonistic commercial relations between
them. The prohibition of preference , of ports
was coupled -with the prohibition of taxation'
on article* exported. The citizens of each State
were declared "entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens m the several States"
and that Included the right of ingress and
egress and the enjoyment of the privileges of
trade and commerce.
The prohibition on Congress is explicit and
noticeably different from the prohibition of the
States. The State Is forbidden to "lay any Im
posts or duties:" Congress Is forbidden to lay
"any tax or duty." The State Is forbidden from
laying imposts or duties on "Imports or ex
ports": that is, articles coming into or going
out of the United States. Congress Is forbidden
to tax "articles exported from any State."
Taking up the plea that the duties in
this case were laid not on articles ex
ported from the State of New York, but
on articles imported into Porto Rico, the
Chi*f Justice said the language used pre
cludes this contention. The geographical
origin of the shipments controls, and it is
not material whether the duties were col
lected at the place of exportation or at
Porto Rico. They were imposed on arti
cles exported from the State of New York
and before the articles had reached their
ultimate destination and had been min
gled with the common mass of property
on the island.
The dissenting opinion concludes as fol
lows:
The proposition that because the proceeds of
these duties were to be used for the benefit of
Porto Rico they might be regarded as if laid
by Porto Rico itself, with the consent of Con
gress, and were therefore lawful, will not bear
examination.
Oor.gress may- lay local taxes in the terri
tories, affecting persons and property therein,
or authorize territorial legislatures to do bo,
but it cannot lay tariff duties on articles ex
ported from one State to another, or from any
*<tate to the territories or from any State to
foreign countries, or grant a power in that
regrard -which it does not possess. But the de
cision now made recognizes such powers in
Congress as will enable ■ it, by means of tax
ation, to exclude the products of Porto Rico
fiom the States as well as the products of the
States from Porto Rico: and this, notwith
t<tanding it was held in De Lima vs. Bidwelli
that Porto Rico after the ratification of the
treaty with Spain ceased to be foreign and be
came domestic territory. ,
We thlnk.lt clear on this record that plain
tiffs wer» entitled to recover and that the
judgment should be reversed.
THE DANISH TREATY
IS STILL PENDING
Two Important Matters Cause a
Hitch in the Negotia
tions.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,' N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Difficulty is
being experienced by the United States
in reaching an agreement with Denmark
for the transfer to this Government
the Danish West Indies. Secretary Hay
and Minister Brun, Danish Minister, have
been endeavoring to settle two Important
points— the price and the relations resi
dents of the Islands shall bear to this
Government -when the sale is made. The
report from Copenhagen that an agree
ment has been reached and the price de
termined upon is untrue. No decision
as to price has been fixed. The United
States is willing to pay about $3,(W0 000
but no more. The question of the status
of the- residents of the Islands after
American sovereignty has been extend
ed over the territory Is on the eve of
settlement. They will not be admitted
as full-fledged citizens.
Switchmen's Strike Fails.
PITTSBURG, Pa,, Dec. 2*.— The strike
begun by the members of the Swithmen's
Union a week ago is practically over, al
though the switchmen say their ranks
are holding firm and none of their num
ber have gone back, while there nave
been a number of accessions during the
week. The strike, however J has failed to
tie up any of the railroads and all the
lines are now receiving freight, while the
yards are being cleared up. The tied-tip
plants are resuming operations.
Big Copper Incorporation.
TRENTON. N. J.. Dec. 2.— The Copper
Range Consolidated Company was incor
porated here to-day, with a capital of
$28,600,000. The' company is formed to
mine, smelt and deal in copper and other
ores. The incorporators are John Gordon.
Herbert I. Foster. D. A. Childs, Paul T.
Draper, Michael Sapri, all of Boston; Au
gustus S. Meeker, Louis B. Dalley, K..K.
McLaren, Clifford Perkins, all of Jersey
City. - : . - ;-.;',.•:.-.'
, . . . i --■ * ,■-,...... . ■ . , .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
UNCLE SAM— Gentlemen, Walk In and Do Your Best.
BILLS AGAINST ANARCHY
ARE COMING TO THE FRONT
Jt^~ l ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
// W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.—An
il ti-anarchist bills are coming to
the front thick and fast, and it is
now probable that some legisla
tion In this connection will be among the
early acts of Congress. Among the first
of bills will be that of Representative
Graham of Pennsylvania, which will be
presented to-morrow in the House. It
provides: : ; "■•'•■
First— That any person belonging to a
society which countenances in writing
the taking of human life shall be deemed
an anarchist, and. . *■ •" '
Second— That any anarchist, as thus de
fined, who shall attempt the life of any
person holding a United States office, ex
ecutive or appointive, shall, on conviction
in the United States, be sentenced to
death by hanging.
It was estimated by officials of the
House that over 3000 bills had been intro
duced before 12 o'clock to-day. There
was much rivalry for the honor of having
bill No. 1, no less than fifteen members
having asked for this precedence.
The indications are that the bill of Me-
Cleary, restricting the sale of oleomar
garine, will be so designated when the
lecords are made up. The bills took a
wide range. ' •
Three Pacific cable bills, by Representa
tives Sherman of New York, Corliss of
Michigan and Jones of Washington, gave
varying phases of this project, Jones pro
posing the northern route via Puget
Sound, with an appropriation of $8,000,000,
and Corliss proposing o Government bill,
while Sherman offered the plan allowing
private corporation in the enterprise.
Anrtng other measures Introduced were
the following: -.: :
By Sulzer of New York— Protesting
against the conduct of the war in South
By Thayer of Massachusetts and Brom
well of Ohio— Removing the duty on
hides. .
By Otey of Virginia— Giving a tobacco
ratio to series. •, -''.
By Cousins of Iowa— To repeal the bank
ruptcy laws. ..
By Davidson' of Wisconsin — To make
oleomargarine subject to State laws.
By Flynn of Oklahoma— Granting state
hood to Oklahoma.
By Brownlow of Tennessee— A Depart-,
ment of Commerce, Labor and Manufac
tures; also amending the constitution so
as to define assaults on the President,
Vice President, members of the Cabinet
and Justices, and giving Congress power
to fix penalties.
By Jones of Washington— For a commis
sion to investigate the Japanese.
Street Given a Hearing.
PHOENIX, Ariz, Dec. 2.— A special dis
patch received here to-day from Wash
ington announces that the Chief Justice
of Arizona, Webster Street, against whom
charges had been filed, has been given the
hearing he requested and granted until
January 1 in which to file an answer.
Among the charges were those of bribery
in several cases, air of which have been
dismissed. The hearing was continued at
the request of Judge Street, who desired
to produce documents for the .full satis
faction of the y Department of Justice.
:■ DENVER, Dec. 2.— The Republican ; will to
morrow print an Interview with A. Packard,
who made the Denver baseball team last sea
ion, in which he says that he has severed all
connection with the team.
BY C. C. CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
By Cushman of Washington — For elec
tion of United States Senators by popula
tion vote.
By Rodney of New Mexico— Admitting
New Mexico to statehood. , _
By Cushman of Washington—Prohibit
ing the location of mining claims in Alas
ka by power of attorney.
By Kahn of California— For the designa
tion of certain points on the boundary-
By Curtis of Kansas— For the punish
ment of persons assaulting or killing the
President. „ ; „
By Newlands of Nevada— For the rec
lamation of Iand3 by the use of all mon
eys received from -the sale of public lands
In the arid and semi-arid States.
CONFER WITH THE PRESIDENT.
B8rd and Grant Have a Conference
on Offices in California.
CALL. BUREAU.' 1406 G STREET, ' N.
W., WASHINGTON,. Dec. 2.— Senator
Bard and U. S. Grant conferred with
President Roosevelt to-day regarding
Federal offices in California. Their visit
is understood to have special reference to
the Collectorship'of Internal Revenue for
the First district, now held by ;. J. C.
Lynch. .
The conference was brief and of a gen
eral character and no decision in the mat
ters under discussion was reached.
It is understood that the California del
egation will soon confer regarding the In
ternal Revenue Collectorship, and that
the President's action in the matter of
retaining Lynch or appointing a new man
will largely depend upon their recommen
dation.
Referring to the appointment of a Sur
veyor General, in place of J. M. Gleaves,
deceased, Senator Perkins -said to-day
that he would gladly indorse any good
man whom Senator Bard would recom
mend for the place.
Senator Perkins will soon introduce a
bill for a public building in San Fran
cisco, and has assurance that in the
present Congress the measure will be en
acted; V.* - ■ v'U":J '■"■ ■ .v-.y.i''
In drawing for seats In the House to
day Representative Needham was the
first of the California delegation to have
his name called and he selected a very
desirable desk, as also ■ did Loud and
Kahn. Their seats are among the best
on the Republican side. Metcalf, Coombs,
McLachlan and Woods were called quite
late after the best seats were, all taken,
but under the new arrangement of desks
in the House no . seat is undesirably lo'
cated. -
Senators Perkins and Bard have taken
I .. I .. I .. : .. I .. I ..l^.>H"l"!"I--l"I-^-I"I."I"I"I"i"I-4.4'»
Democratic Caucus Committee.
WASHINGTON, \ Dec. 2.-Represcnta
tlve Hay of 'Virginia, .chairman of the
House Democratic caucus, to-day an
nounced -.I the following - committee, as
called for by the Democratic caucus last
Saturday, to consider a number of reso
lutions relative to the policy of the Dem
ocratic members of the House: :•
Richardson," .De Armond, . *Williams of
Mississippi, ; Robertson, .. Swanson, New
lands of Nevada, Underwood, Williams,
Henry, Howard and . Thayer. The-com
mittee is to. report to a House caucus on
January 10. •
WASHINGTON Deo. : 2.-The adjutant gen
eral • has received/ a telegram from 'General
Chaff ee saying that the transport Kilpatrick
arrived at Manila to-day. -■
up their residence In their former Quar
ters at the Albany and the Normandle,
respectively. v
Loud is at the Cairo, Kahn at the Ham
ilton, Metcalf at the Arlington, Coombs
at the Raleigh, McLachlan at 1302 Roan
oke avenue, and Needham at 107 Mary
land avenue, N. E.
Senator Perkins will be the guest of
President Roosevelt at dinner to-morrow
evening.
i^ There are a good many ways to test good?. >?^ /^
gpll^ The first and foremost way is to wear them. The >^ *^Pfi
H • ■'■■■' next is a chemical test by experts. The next . A
p no doubt is your judgment after feeling the material ,and being satisfied as, to the jj
I quality of the cloth. Of the three tests two are to be made by you— one, the second, |j
i This is why you can afford to test the materials in our made to measure gar- |i
I ments. If you find your tests satisfactory you have a good wearing, durable suit H
i . that will please you. If 'your test reveals an inferior cloth you can have your money y
i back and you have had the wear. of the suit for a while. You ought to be interested U
» in making a test of this kind. We would like to have you subject to these tests bur 1]
I . ITlcllJlW-'LIJ—IJI UWl ollilo ctL €pivr n
9 7^8. Market Street and Cop. Powell and Eddy. |!
PEACE TREATY MAKES
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
DOMESTIC TERRITORY
Chief Justice. Fuller Decides the Diamond
Ring Cases Against the United States
Government.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.-Opin
ions were rendered in the Su
preme Court to-day in the
last two of the insular test
cases. One of ,thexn. the case
of Emil J. Pepke against the United
States, is better known as the "fourteen
diamond ring case." and involved the re
lationship of the United States to the
Philippine Islands from a tariff point of
view. The other case, known as the
Dooley case No. 2, involved the constitu
tionality of the collection of duty on
goods shipped from New York to Porto
Rico.
In the former case the court, tnrougn
Chief Justice Fuller, held that thedla
mond rings brought In from the. Philip
pines and over which the case arose
should have been exempt from duty un
der" the Paris treaty of peace, as that
treaty made the Philippines American
territory. The decision in the Philippine
case followed closely that of the first
Porto Rican case in the last term.
In. the Dooley case decided to-day it
was held that the duty collected on
goods carried from New York to Porto
Rico was permissible, but that it was in
reality a tax for the benefit of the Porto
Ricans themselves, rather than an export
duty, as was claimed by the merchants
who antagonized the Government.
In both cases there were dissenting
opinions concurred in by four of the nine
Justices of the court.
The decisions were rendered In the
room of the Senate Committee on Ju
diciary, where the court is sitting tem
porarily, and owing to the limited space
there were comparatively few persons
present.
1 The delivery of the opinions in chief,
with the reading of the dissenting opin
ions, consumed a little more than an
hour, and it was listened to with the
closest attention. • , . . .
It is generally believed that the find
ing in the Philippine case will lead to
early efforts to secure legislation for
the regulation of our commercial rela
tions with those islands. As the Porto
Rican opinion sustains the constitution
ality of the Foraker act, no such neces
sity 'Will arise with reference to Porto
Rico.
History of the Pepke Case.
The. record in the Pepke case shows
that Pepke. who was the respondent ta
the court below, was a soldier in the
army of the United States in the island
of Luzon; that while there and after the
ratification of the peace treaty he pur
chased the fourteen diamond rings which
are involved in the case. He afterward
brought the rings, while still in the ser
vice of the United States, aboard a United
States vessel transporting his regiment to
San Francisco, where he was mustered
out. Later he went with the rings to
Chicago, where the rings were seized by
the customs officials under the claim
that the Philippines were foreign terri
tory and merchandise brought from those
islands was subject to duties. Pepke set
ud the claim that customs duties on mer
chandise under the circumstances were
contrary to the United States laws and
in violation of his rights as a citizen.
The case came to the Supreme Court
from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern Division of Illi
nois. In that court the facts set up in
Peoke's plea were admitted by a demur
rer filed by the United States, and that
courr sustained the demurrer, overruling
the plea and entering Judgment against
the merchandise seized and directing that
it be sold In accordance with the law, and
from this decision the present writ of er
ror was prosecuted.
In his opinion In the case. Chief Jus
tice Fuller said that the Philippine Isl
ands ceased to be foreign territory as
soon as the Paris treaty of peace was
signed and the resolution to which he
referred as being ineffective was the res
olution adopted by the Senate soon after
the ratification of the treaty. r -
After stating the case at some length.
Chief Justice Fuller quoted somewhat ex
tensively from the opinion of this court
In the case of De Lima vs. Bidwell. His
principal quotation from that case was
the paragraph, setting forth the theory
that a country remains foreign with re
spect to the tariff laws until Congress
has acted by embracing it within the
customs. The opinion then continued as
follows: f
Philippines Are Domestic Territory.
«No reason Is perceived for any different rul
ing as to the Philippines. By the third article
of the treaty. Spain ceded to the United States
••the archipelago known as the Philippine
Islands," and the United States asrreed to
pay to Spain the sum of $20,000,000 within three
months: The treaty was ratified; Congress ap
propriated the money; the ratification was pro-
claimed. The treaty-making power, the execu
tive power, the legislative power, concurred in
the completion of the transaction.
The Philippines thereby ceased in the lan
guage of the treaty to be "Spanish." Ceasln*
to be Soanlsh. they cease to be foreign coun
try. They came under the complete and abso
lute sovereignty and dominion of the United
States and bo became territory of the United
States, over which civil eovernment could be
exercised. The result was the same, although
there wu no stipulation that the native in
habitants should be Incorporated Into . the body
politic and none securing to them the right to
choose their nationality. Their allegiance be
came due to the United States and they be
came entitled to its protection.
But it is caid the case of the Philippines is
to be distinguished from that of Porto Rio
because on February 14. 1899. after the rati
fication of that treaty the Senate resolved that
by the ratification of the treaty of peace with
Spain it Is not Intended to Incorporate the in
habitants of the Philippine Islands into the
citizenship of the United States nor to per
manently annex those island*.
"We need not consider the force and effect ot
a resolution of this sort. If adonted toy Con
gress, not like that of April 20. 1898. In respect
to Cuba, preliminary to the declaration of war.
but after title had been passed by ratified ces
sion. It is enough that this was a Joint re«o
lutlon; that it was adopted by the Senate by a
vote of 26 to 22. not two-thirds of a quorum.
and that it Is absolutely without lesral signi
ficance on the question before us. The mean
ing of the treaty cannot be controlled by sub
sequent exDlanations of some of tno»e
who may have, voted to ratify it. "WTja*
view tie House mleht have taken as to th3
Intention of the Senate In- ratifying the treaty
we are not informed, nor is It material, and II
any Indication from the action referred to
could nroperly *» Indulged. It would seem
to be that two-thirds of a quorum of the Sen
ate did not consent to the ratification on the
grounds indicated.
Sovereignty of Spain Ceases.
■ It Is farther contended that a distinction ex
ists in that, while complete possession of Porto
Rico was taken by the United States, this was
not so as to the Philippines, because of the
armed resistance of the native Inhabitants to
a greater or less extent.
• We must decline to assume that the Govern
ment wishes thus to disparage the title of the
United States or to place itself to the position
of waging a war of conquest. _j_ „. ,
The sovereignty of Spain over the Philippine*
and possession under claim of title had existed
for a Ions series of years prior to the ■war wltn
the United States. The fact that there were
insurrections against her or that uncivilized
tribes may have defied her will did not affect
the validity* of her title. She granted the isl
ands to the United States and the grantee. In
accepting them, took nothing less than the
whole grant. If those in insurrection against
Spain continued in insurrection against the
United States the legal title and possession of
the latter remained unaffected.
We do not understand that It la claimed that
In carrying on the pending hostilities the Gov
ernment Is seking to subjugate the people of a
foreign country, but on the contrary that It la
preserving order and suppressing Insurrection
in territory of the United States. It follows that
the Jurisdiction of the United States Is ade
quate and this cannot be admitted for one pur
pose and denied for another. It Is sought to
detract from the weight of the ruling in De
Lima versus Bidwell because one of the five
Justices concurring in the Judgment In the ease
concurred In the Judgment In Downi versus
Bidwell.
In De Lima versus Bidwell Porto Rico was
held not to be a foreign country, after cession,
and that a prior act exclusively applicable to
foreign countries became inapplicable.
In Downs versus Bidwell ; the conclusion of
a majority of the court was that an act of
Congress levying duties on goods Imported from
Porto Rico into New York not in conformity
with the provisions of the constitution in re
spect to the imposition of duties, imposts and
excises was valid. Four of the members of the
court dissented from and five concurred in the
decision, though not on the same grounds. The
Justice who delivered the opinion In De Lima's
case was one of the majority and was of opin
ion that although by the concession Porto Rico
ceased to be a forelgun country and became
territory of the United States and domestic,
yet that It was merely "appurtenant" terri
tory and not a part of the United State* with
in the revenue clauses of the constitution.
Court Orders the Decree Reversed.
This view placed the territory, though not
foreign, outside of the restrictions applicable to
Interstate commerce and treated the power of
Congress when affirmatively exercised over a
territory, situated as supposed and uncontrolled
by the provisions of the constitution In re
spect of national taxation. The distinction was
drawn between a special act in respect of the
particular country and a general and prior act
only applicable to countries foreign to ours In
every sense. The latter was obliged to con
form to the rule of uniformity, which was whol
ly disregarded In the former.
The ruling in the case of De Lima remained
unaffected and controls that under considera
tion. And this Is so notwithstanding four mem
bers of the majority in the De Lima case wero
of the opinion that Porto Rico did not become
by the cession subjected to the exercise of gov
ernmental power in the levy of duty unre
stricted by constitutional limitations.
Decree reversed and case remanded with di
rections to quash the information.
Justices Gray, "White, Shiras and Me-
Kenna united in dissenting from the
court's opinion in the Philippine case, but
they filed no written statement beyond a
mere note in which they said that they
"dissented for the reasons stated in their
opinions in the case of De Lima vs. Bid
well, Dooley vs. the United States and
Downs vs. Bidwell in the last term of the
court."
34
STEAMER SKAGIT
CHIEF A WRECK
Puget Sound Craft X3-oes
Ashor^ in Dense
Boats Are 'Lowered and Pas
sengers Landed Without
SEATTLE, Dec. 2.— The sound steamer
Skaglt Chief Is . a total wreck on the
Blakelcy rocks, near Pleasant Beach.
She hit the rocks in a heavy fog at 9:30
o'clock last night. Captain Call was in
the pilot house, and, realizing the dan
gerous nature of the surroundings, had
the vessel under slow speed. The first
crash came bow-on and was followed by
an immediate signal to reverse the en
gines. This was done, but a strong tide
hurried the vessel on and hung her up
helpless. Boats were lowered and the
passengers were taken safely ashore/'
The Skaglt Chief was valued at $30,000.
There is no insurance.
Killed on the Rails.
FRESNO. Dec. 2.— Rosario Garcia, a
section employe, was run over and fatally
injured at 6 o'clock this evening by a
southbound train near the Southern Pa
cific depot. He died at the hospital short
ly after the accident.
Special Election for San l>iego.
■*» S £uL DIEGO - Dec - --The Council
to-night passed a resolution requesting
the City Attorney to prepare the papers
Sn.Jjf first , Tl i esday in January, when the
2«S U?n i? f cl £ sIn S the saloons on Sun
aay will be submitted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.-The Republican
ii?££ r V n 8 to " <lay authorized Senator
b£!ri£5.. to appoint * committee on order of
*»"* *»«* ■: f 18 ** a committee i« fill vacancies on
t^ committees, both to conllst of nine mem-
ADVERTISEMEUTS.
Christmas Gifts for Children.
We have a beautiful variety of Doll
Carriages and Carts from $1.5O to
95.OO.
Doll Cradles that swing just like the
large ones, large sizes, well made, from
$2.25 to $6.O0. Children's Chairs
from $1.9O to $5.OO.
Don't fail to see our lines before pur-
chasing. You will find Roods here, our
own specialties, not offered by any
other store in the city.
Conlter's Rattan Works, 227 SutUr St
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Especially useful in Nervous
Troubles, Malaria, Consump-
tion, Overwork, Indigestion, La
Grippe, General Debility.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
and
*^jKw r J / S!^Sr^*s. Can obtain renew-
*>S*S5<Li2*i»V^ ed itrenfith and
> vt^°r by the uae of
* yJVjfSiSjS^V^ V " Dr - Pierce'* <lat-
' / *T»* \v> "KLECTBI0BELT"
end Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity U tne remedy! Bur do Belt until
you see Dr. Plerce's. lor It is the BEST.
Thousands cured!
E7Call at office or send a 2c stazrp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCK
ELECTRIC CO.. 20« Post et.. San^ran-
clico. Eastern ofSce— 1145 Broadway. Keir
York.
gar t « $ J 1
Snperior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal cr SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. "
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $1.
Druggist cr P. O. Box 2081, Nevr York.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
IHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
$ S^ 1851UA£ZIT3T.tit.6&t7tA,S.F.CaL4
\ , tf ' ,Tk e L&rpest Anatomical Museuia in the \ :
m .—a jH- ii World. Weakneues or Any contracted A
7 JbcS3j *«»= ro>ili>rl7car«dny the oldest T
0 /bM@| ipeculisi on ite Coist. Est. 36 years. Q
4 tf*Xf t DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ laWffl Ccnsu!t*tion free and strictly private. \
1 I X>«B Treatment personally or by litter. A A
T I W « M FwiUw Cure in every case undertaken. T
iff 1ft Whtt for Book, PHILOSOPHY of it
W » a II' SABRIACE, MAILED FREE, (Af
at II tl' valuable bock for mm) \
V DSL. JORDAN A. CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. V
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application. '
COAL, COKE ANJ PIQ IRO.t.
J CWII SflV & CO m Ba ttery Street.
J« V ff IL JUH tt VV«» Telephone Main 1864.
;i ; * FRESH ANO SA.LT MEATS. .,
JA*. ROYFS & CO ShlPPtoK Butchers, IM
4 A~- UVILJ \X VU' clay. • TeL Main 1294.
OILS. ~~"T-
t-UBRICATTNQ OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
<1* Front «t.. 8. F. Phone Mala 17«. . «
PRINTING. ".,-.,'■':
B.CHDG8ES, m ,™S a F .
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
TUX HICKS-JDDD CO..
U First ttreet. Ban Francisco.
SWIMS TO SHORE
WITH HER BABES
Squaw's Rescue of Three
Pappooses Proves
Futile.
Little Ones Saved From
Drowning Die of Expos
ure on the Beach.
Special Dispatch to The Call;
VANCOUVER, Dec 2.— A drowning ac
cident, accompanied by a noteworthy ex
ample of heroism, occurred in the North
Arm of the Inlet this afternon. A boat
in which were an Indian from the Catho
lic Mission, his wife and three children
and another squaw, capsized in- a squall.
The Indian and the second squaw went
down with the boat, while the mother
of the pappooses seized one under each
arm and the third in her teeth and swim
to the shore, a distance of 150 or 200 yards.
Such an act has rarely been equaled and
the fact that it was performed by an
Indian woman speaks well for the trair
lng of the aborigines and their skill in
the water. But the saddest part remains
to be told. After , gaining the beach the
three pappooses died from the effects of
exposure, despite all that could be done
by white loggers who came to the brave
woman's assistance.
Tt.fi Indian was a brother of Chief Har
ry of the Mission across the inlet and
was proceeding to a lumber camp at the
farthest end of the North Arm. His chil
dren were aged 6 years, 4 years and 3
months, respectively. When the party
■was nearly at its destination a squail
blew down from the hills and put the boat
on her beam ends. She made considerable
water and righted herself, but immediate
ly afterward went down suddenly. The
Siwash was clothed in an oil skin and
heavy gum boots, besides having- his
cartridge belt about his waist and he
sank straight away. His squaw on com
ing to the surface found • the children
within easy reach. Taking one under
each arm and seizing the clothing of the
baby with her teeth, she struck out for
the shore. Kathleen, the other squaw,
was also a cwlmmer, but > succumbed to
the coldness of the water and sank soon
after the boat went down.
It was a long swim and a hard one to
the shore, which was nearly 200 yards
from the spot where the accident oc
curred. With that desperation prompted
by the maternal Instinct to save her lit
tle ones, the mother buffeted the wind
and the. choppy sea bravely and finally
succeeded in reaching the beach. How she
did It she does not know. William Mearns
of Phipps* logging- camp saw - her strug
gle and went to her assistance. The
squaw was utterly exhausted when she
landed and deposited her precious bur
dens on the beach.
But the mother's heroism was to no ef
fect. Her first thought was for the wel
fare of her children and on turning her
attention to them she found the youngest
vomiting water. It died shortly after
ward from the effects of its exposure in
the water. The other two boys were also
thoroughly chilled, and though aid was
sought from the, nearest camp it did not
come soon enough to relieve them from
the effects of the exposure. They ' died
within an hour. • . ,, ■
The funeral of the little ones will take
place to-morrow, and all of. the white
residents in that vicinity will attend.
ALLEGED EVANGELIST
IN JAIL AT PHOENIZ
Prisoner Is Believed to Be George
Hayf ord, Wanted in Santa
/; Barbara.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 2.— The Rev.
Joseph Anderson of Pueblo, now; in the
City Jail here on a warrant telegraphed
from Santa Barbara, Cal., i s either a
much imposed upon person or a very
clever criminal. He is believed to be the
man known in Santa Barbara as George
Hayford and wanted there for obtaining
money under false pretenses, alrnllar
crimes In other California towns and
operations in Eastern cities are charged
to him.
Anderson came here from Los Angeles
a few days ago and claims to\ be an
evangelist of the "Higher Religion." He
says he recently held revival meetings In
Pueblo, Colo., a statement agreeing with
that of the printed circular in the hands
of the police and by which, with the aid
of a portrait, he was Identified. He .has
attended and participated in evangelistic
meetings now in progress here. He
wears a clerical dress and gold spectacles
weighs about 150 pounds, has bushy dark
hair, sprinkled with gray, a square cut
mustache, and is probably 45 years old.
He- denies that he was ever in Santa
Barbara, and says he is neither a criminal
nor the man wanted. ■ ' - ■. ■:•■
DENIES HUSBAND'S TALE
\. OF A FORCED MARRIAGE
Mrs. Hatcher Files Her Answer to
. Suit Brought to Annul Wed- '
. ding Bonds.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2.— Mrs. Carrie N.
Hatcher to-day filed an answer to' the
suit of her husband. Charles M. Hatcher,
the capitalist and real estate dealer, who'
brought an action to have their marriage
annuled on the ground that he was forced
into the ceremony by her brother, who
carried a big revolver. The wedding took
place In San Francisco six months ago
The couple never lived together, and after
several weeks Hatcher brought suit to
annul the marriage. The case was trans
ferred to this city for trial. *
In her answer Mrs. Hatcher denies that
her relatives forced Hatcher to marry
her. She asks that she be granted fc. di
vorce on the ground of extreme cruelty
and desertion. She wants $150 a month
alimony and the custody of their child
Mrs. Hatcher was formerly Carrie New
man, a pretty young woman of this 'city.
Hatcher, who is a man of means, left
here just before his marriage and opened
a real estate office in San Francisco but
has recently \ gone to New York and en
gaged in business.
Recovers Valise and Money.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2.-^Charles Christen
ten, a San Francisco traveling salesman
has, through the^ confession- of a "dope"'
fiend, recovered $800, which has .been lying
in a bank for several weeks while his
passbook has been missings Harry Ever
ett, a youthful sneak thief, arrested 'by
the San Jose police, this morning ad
mitted having taken Christensen's valise
from the New York Exchange" Hotel and
gave information of the Whereabouts of
the contents. Everett was sentenced to
six months in the County Jail.
Jersey Stock Association.
PETALUMA, Dec. 2.— At a meeting
held in Granger. Hall, in Two Rock Val
ley, to organize a Northern California
Jersey Stock Association the following
officers were elected: President, Rollin
Andrews of Petaluma; ; vice-president, J.
McClish of Healdsburg; secretary, B. B.
Hinshaw of Bloomfield; treasurer, T. B.
Purvine.of Petaluma;. directors— J. Mail
laird of San '■ Geronimo, Mrs. S. - McFar
<and of Napa and George T. : Trowbrldge
of Santa Rosa. :-■> , . .- • . • ...
SIGNATURE /f JjU |
\L*f GUARANTEES I
"A ■ ' j - i p. s™fc ■ f* ' ■ ' ■ H
CQMEf\NY'S
- - - ■ «. . . ■'-': ,-,• ' ' - ' „ ■' ~ -^
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; DECEMBER 3, 1901.
DEATH ENDS C HARITABLE LIFE
OF MRS. MARGARET E. CROCKER
Philanthropic California Woman Succumbs in New
York to Pneumonia After a Long Illness.
SA.CRAMENTO, Dec. 2.— Private dis
patches from New York announce
the death of Mrs. Margaret E.
: Crocker,- widow of the late Judge
E. B. Crocker, in that city, yester
day... She succumbed to pneumonia, after
a long illness, at the age of 79 years. To
morrow the body will be taken to Buffalo
and there cremated, this being Mrs.
Crocker's wish.
It was in this city Mrs. Crocker spent
the best and happiest years of her life.
It was here that her children were born
and reared and itVas here that her phil
anthropy found freest expression. The
magnificent Crocker • art gallery of 700
paintings and several thousand pen and
ink studies from the studios jof Europe,
the whole representing a value of $750,000,
was her gift to the city of Sacramento, for
the free use of the people for all time.
Her establishment and endowment of the
Marguerite Home for Old Ladies, at an
outlay of $130,000, was another notable in
stance of her bounty. Recently she deed
ed to a modest local charity, for the pur
pose of a rescue home, her beautiful man
sion- at Third and O streets, rich with its
laurel and- maple and fine marbles.
Mrs. Crocker's gift of the art gallery to
the people was followed, on May 6, 1885, by
a floral festival' in her honor, which has
ROB THE TRUNKS
OF PASSENGERS
Detective Nabs" < Santa
Fe Operator and a
Woman. , .
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. | 2.— R. H. Hall and
the woman who has passed here as , his
sister, -Bessie Hali;-and In other; places
as his wife, but who -is .said to be Mrs.
Bessie Groch of Sanderson, .Tex., are in
jail here on ' a charge ' of grand larceny,
preferred by W. H. H. Stowell of New
York. • The larceny complained of was
unique in its way, -the charge being that
the couple opened the baggage of Stowell
and his wife at the Santa Fe depot in
this city, where Hall was the night oper
ator, and abstracted' therefrom between
$2509 and $3000 worth of set diamonds. The
theft -was -not discovered until after Hall
had t been J arrested ; on a charge of. petty
larceny, preferred by C. Niemann, from
whose valise he is said to ' have', stolen , a
revolver and a pair of driving gloves.; -
When the news, of.- the theft. of the re
volver was printed Mr.: Stowell and his
wife, who were stopping at the Coronado
Hotel, - opened . their valises and , trunks,
which had. been, left ' for "several , days • in
the -.baggage-room at the. depot' and dis
covered^ the absence of- : the . diamonds.
They reported the | loss to Agent - Steuart
and,"; through r him, .-to. the " Police • Depart
ment, with. the result that through Detec
tive Cooley one .' of • the ; rings, : : valued at
$500, was found in the possession of Hall's
attorney, to, whom it had' been- given as a
probably never' found its like anywhere
in the- world. A holiday, season was be
gun throughout the city, factories and
business houses closed, as did all the
schools. The churches and all fraternal
societies ' participated. The path of Mrs.
Crocker through the streets was strewn
with roses by thousands of children dress
ed in white. * .
Wonderland of Flowers.
At the great State Exposition building,
which covers several acres ! of Capitol
Park, such a .scene was produced as sug
gested ., a fairyland vision. The whole
place was redolent of perfume, aglow with
the- rarest blossoms.- Flowers were fash
ioned into churches, pagodas and temples,
all of them capable of holding scores . of
persons. In the- center of the great en
closure was a maypole, around which a
hundred' or more children danced as they
wound the gay- ribbons. The gardens of
Sacramento— and not alone Sacramento,
but of surrounding towns— had been strip
ped of their choicest blooms in order that
the day should be ever memorable. ,
Fully 15,000 persons filled the pavilion
and joined in the acclaim in honor of
Mrs. Crocker. Three thousand school
children passed before her, tossing roses
at her feet as they went. In the evening
the festival was renewed. ,The Sacra
mento Society of California Pioneers pre
sented her with four tablets of solid gold
I ,. I .. I .. H .. I . tI .. : .. : .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I .. I .. I ,
fee in the petty larceny case. Other jewels
have been found where Hall had pawned
them, besides considerable other plunder
of more or less value, which evidently
had been obtained In the same way. '
Hall's bail has been fixed at $5000 and
that of the woman at $2500. ' '
Detective Silva. of the SarttavFe, who
was sent here -to investigate the loss of
several articles about the Hotel Coronado,
supplies the^ other portion of the story.
A week ago 1 he was asked by the Chief
of Police of Albuquerque to locate R. H.
Hall, a telegraph operator from Shawnee,
N. Mex.< and the woman who was passing
as his wife. The Albuquerque officer wrote
that the woman was the wife of D. E.
Groch of Sanderson, Tex. ; that the couple
had eloped from there; that the husband
had followed them to Shawnee and had
exchanged shots with Hall in an im
promptu duel,, in which neither was hit.
When ■ Silva came here to investigate a
petty larceny case he did not know that
Hall was here,' but when he learned the
fact, he was -sure that the local detec
tive, had the right man. The diamond
charge came later and the officials are
•confident that other- sensations will 'de
velop.' ■•'■'". .•'■•-
j STOCKTON,; Dec. 2.— Frank Logengo
was accidentally shot, and killed this af
ternoon, while -hunting five miles south of
this city.. He was in company. with Frank
Collora, • his -wife's brother-in-law, and
when some .geese started up ; in front of
them' Collora .in his pulled
the trigger, sending a full charge of shot
Into hU. companion's neck. , •■■ - - : ■• ■^•■-^
.DENVER, Dec. 2.— A. fire which started this
evening: destroyed the entire stock of the Crose
.Thome Carpet and Furniture Company, causing
a loss ofj $80,000, \ with $40,000 insurance. ' and
gutted the bnildingr, the damage being about
$20,000. fully, insured. ' - ■;•' *
The Bee--Hive Shoe Company.
-';: The place to. buy. shoes is where you can
save money, yet get good ■ shoes, v Men's
and -women's dress shoes, the very. latest
styles,- worth .$3:50, for $2 15, at the Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market St., nr. Third.* •
GENEROUS WOMAN' WHOM SAC
RAMENTO MOURNS, AND ONE
OF HER GIFTS TO THAT CITY.
and silver, representing epochs in Cali
fornia history.
Mrs. Crocker was born in Stark County.
Ohio, on February 25, 1822. She was the
widow of Judge E. B. Crocker, who was
appointed Justice of the Supreme Court
to succeed Stephen J. Field on the lat
ter's appointment by President Lincoln in
1863 to a place on the supreme bench of
the United States. As a brother of Charles
Crocker he was closely identified with the
building of the Central Pacific Railroad
and was for many years its chief counsel
or. He died in this city on June 24, 1875.
after having built the art gallery and col
lected the pictures to place in it.
When Amy Crocker, their daughter, was
budding into womanhood the reception
halls of the art gallery were the scene of
the most brilliant social events this city
ever beheld.
After giving the art gallery to the city
Mrs. Crocker spent most of the time with
her daughter Amy, then Mrs. Porter Ashe,
and her daughter Jennie. Mrs. J. Sloat
Fassett nf New York. Another daughter
Is Mrs. Jackson Gourand of New York.
Her visits became less and less frequent
and finally ceased altogether when she
took up her residence In Larchmont Park
New York. Mrs. Crocker leaves, besides
her daughters in the East, several rel
atives on the coast, the nearest of whom
are nieces. Mrs. W. F. Dillman and Mrs.
M. E. Crouch of Sacramento.
It would be difficult to estimate Mrs
Crocker's wealth as viewed from this dis
tance, since it has been completely with
drawn from here, but It runs far Into the
millions. The body of her husband. Judge
Crocker, lies in the City Cemetery here
APACHES FIRE
UPON CAMPERS
Murder One Prospector
and Wound His
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE, Ariz., Dec. 2.— John Baker ar
rived here yesterday, weak from a pain
ful wound and loss of blood, and reported
that, himself and Walter Kelly, prospect
ors, were fired upon in camp several days
ago, supposedly by renegade Apache In
dians. Kelly. was killed and Baker made
his escape in the darkness. ■
Baker was accompanied to BIsbee by a
man named Mitchell, who found him the
morning after the shooting, trying to
make his way. to the nearest settlement.
The attack was , made in the Sierra
Madre, near the. Mexican boundary line,
an old-time resort. for bad Indians. The
shooting having occurred at night, it can
not be definitely said that the murderers
are - Indians, though that is "the belief
Mexican officials and an Arizona Sheriff's
posse are in search of the outlaws a
party, that went after the body .of Kelly
has not yet returned. :
Filing on Oil Lands.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 2.— Excitement over
the discovery of good oil indications on
the Main: ranch, between this city" and
Los Gatos, is on the increase. Sixteen
leases of supposed oil land in that locali
ty went on record to-day and four were
filed with Recorder Owen on Saturday
ORDERS LAWYER
OUT OF COURT
Judge Harrington Disci
plines Counsel for
Lynchers.
Checks Verbal Attack Upon
Deputy Attorney General
' Post.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 2.— Each day has its
exciting feature in the trial of James TV.
Brown, the alleged leader of the mob
that hanged aged Calvin Hall, his three
sons and Daniel YantisMn Lookout. Dur
ing the morning? session of the court Dep
uty Attorney General C. N. Post aroused
the ire of counsel for the defense by de
claring his belief that the entire commu
nity of Lookout was in a measure respon
sible for the crime. Judge G. F. Harris,
for the defense, resented this statement
and his language became so violent that
he was ordered out of the courtroom by
Judge Harrington. The Attorneys Raker,
who are associated with Harri3 as coun
sel for Brown, took up the fis^t and were
rtnally compelled to take their seats or
sutler for contempt of court.
Post's words were called forth by the
fact that almost every venireman who is
examined declares that he believes the
lynching of the nve men was Justifiable,
'ihe case began a week ago and thus far
only tour jurors have been sworn. It 13
liKeiy tnat several special venires will ba
exhausted and two weeks may elapse be
tore the full jury is chosen. The pre
ponderance of puollc sentiment is in the
lynchers' favor ,and the Ieeltng against
tne prosecution— especially counsel rep
resencing the State— grows more bitter
each da.'.
Only lour talesmen were examined to
day.. J. A. Winer of Lake City de
clared that from all he had read
and heard of the lynching he believed it
was **a good job well done." He believed
there are times when the lynching of
rough characters such as the Lookout vic»
tims was not only justifiable but good for
the community. He was challenged by
the prosecution and excused under ob
jection of the defense.
L. M. Henderson, like the preceding
venireman. said he had lived a good many
years in Modoc County and he did "not
believe that Modoc citizens would hang
any man unless they had good grounds
for so doing. Henderson is a rancher and
a son of Supervisor Martin Henderson.
George Sweeney of Lake City and John
A. Dyke of Cedarville entertained views
similar to those expressed by their two
predecessors.
.W. W. Williams, who was passed yes
terday, was re-examined by Post for the
prosecution as to his supposed sympathy
with defendants. Williams said that if
the men hanged were not cattle thieve*
he would judge Impartially from the evi
dence, but if they were thieves he would
not like to convict the lynchers.
The defense re-examined Gahey, who
also was passed yesterday. Gahey said
he was opposed to mob law and that he
was friendly with Calvin Hall, who was
hanged. The defense then used a. peremp
tory challenge on Gahey and retained
Wilder and W. ,W. Williams, who were
sworn to try the case. These make four
jurors obtained since the case commenced.
V'HITE SOUSE IN DANGER
OF BEING INUNDATED
Ice Jam in the Yukon Backs Up
Water and Part of Town la
Flooded.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec. 2.-After a
rough voyage, the steamer Al-Ki arrived
this morning from Skagway, bringing
forty passengers and $70,000 in treasure.
Advices from White Horse, November 23.
state that the place is in danger of being
flooded. An ice jam down the river has
backed up the water until the lower end
of the town is inundated, and, as warm
weather continues, grave fears are en
tertained that the water will continue to
rise until the entire city is flooded.
On November 21 George Freeman, a
sailor on the Al-KI, fell from the dock
at Wrangel and was drowned. Freeman's
relatives live in San Francisco.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Postmaster ap
pointed: Washington— Peter Ornsdorf,
Battle Ground, Clarke County, vice A.
H. Richter, removed.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Daniel P. Lamberson; Den
ny, ' ?6; John Graham, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $6; Louis Felling, San Francisco,
$5. Increase— Horace V. Burbank, Pomo
na, $6; John M. Reid, Buckeye, 56; Nealy
C. Woods, Simt. $8.
Oregon: : Increase— Robert Kelly, New
Pine Creek, $3: Isaiah Platt, Scio, $8; John
B. Howey. Gold Beach. $12.
Washington: Original— William A. Pat
terson. Olympia, $12; David H. Poyneer,
Pomeroy, $6. Increase — Solomon Gregory,
Dayton, $10; Jared M. Harris, Ritzvllle, $S.
Unprofessional Conduct Charged.
REDDING. Dec. 2.— Two former Shasta
County high school teachers have been
cited to appear before the Board of Edu
cation on December 23 and show why
their certificates should not" be : Tevoked
for unprofessional conduct.- Professor
and Mrs. H. L. Longenecker came from
Michigan at the opening of the fall term
of 1900 to become heads of the commer
cial and stenographic departments of the
Shasta County High School. They were
re-elected to teach this term, but in Octo«
ber both handed in^their resignations:
pleading ill-health. When the Board of
Education accepted the resignations Pro
fessor and Mrs. Longenecker left for
Berkeley, and have since been teaching
there. °
Ventura Elects Officers.
VENTURA, Dec. 2.-In the municipal
election in this city . r to-day E. W. R,
Isensee defeated J. F. 'Newby for City
Clerk, and J. M. Kaiser defeated W C"
Cox for Marshal. The City Councilmen
elected were: S. L. Shaw. E. C. Canet J
S. Collins, W. G. Wilde, and N. Vlckers.
Ten Years for Murder.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 2.— W. G. Hesser,
who was convicted of the murder of a
Mexican named Polerano, was this morn
ing sentenced to ten years in San Quen
tln.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured It ching and
jProiradings Pile's^
..Hi" Pnll «°7* en3 of So - Omaha writes-
"After suffering, two years from aiTa*:
gravated case of Itching and protrudUuc
piles I was cured by a single 50-cent pack
age of the Pyramid Pile Cure purchased
from a local driiggist." -For sail bV an
druggists. Little book. »P11°3. Causes^and
m^SmS:^ Pyramld Dru * Co V
NEGRO COLONY
IN CALIFORNIA
Colored Settlers Buy
Contra Costa County
T l T % n of*.
Proposed to Exclude Whites
and Incorporate Town of
Their Own.
STOCKTOX, Dec. 2.— There is soon to
be a big negro colony in Contra. Costa
County, just across the line from San
Joaquln. It will consist of SOO families
from Louisiana. \-\ .V : : .'vi'.-
Negotiations have been in progress sev
eral weeks and the bargain ha» practi
cally been struck for 3000 acres of lan<M
Later an additional tract of 13.000 acres
will be thrown open to the negroes. The
present understanding is that only the
advance guard of the black brigade shall
come until the first comers have had ex
perience enough to determine whether the
venture will be satisfactory to all cou
cerned.
It is expected that agents of the col
onists will arrive here this week, or early
next week, to close the deal. The land i«
owned by John Herd and lies on the west
side of the river, which constitutes part
of the dividing: line between San Joaquin
and Contra Costa. It will be divided into
tracts of from ten to fifty acres. The set
tlers will raise garden produce, which
may readily be shipped to market, inas
much as the Santa Fe line runs through
the tract, and there is also communica
tion by water.
The colonists want a place where they
may live exclusively. The nearest town,
Brentwood. is several miles away. Th»v
propose to incorporate a town, elect their
own officers, establish a school district
and, in short, control the government of
the colony.
Babe's Peculiar Death.
DUTCH FLAT. Dec. 2.— Ed Thomas of
this place, while aiding his wife with her
housework on Saturday afternoon, placed
his three-months-old baby in a baby bug
gy face downward and went to assist in
hanging up the family washing. On re
turning a short time afterward he found
the little one dead. An Inquest was held
by Coroner Burns of Auburn and a ver-j
diet of accidental death returned. . . 4
TO KEEP
UP WITH THE TIMES* YOU
MUST WEAR CORRECT
SHOES.
WE SELL THEM- ,
HERE IS ONE.
Our No. 367— Box calf viscollzed, exten-
sion sole, rope stitch. Price
S3. 50.
A SNAP FOR'THE LADIES.
Our No. 85— Patent leather, kid or cloth
top, extension sole. Price for this week
only - :
$2.5O.
; A LARGE VARIETY OF CHILDREN'S SHOES.
Must be seen to be appreciated. Prices
to suit everybody's pocket.
". "We give Green or Red Trading Stamps.
lippitt & Fisher
945 Market Street
Open every evening during the month of
December. .
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
>o CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrate^
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A» M
Ticket Office— 641 Market S<reet. -
rf^VTOSl***"^*^! S m ? !7 o for Gonorrhoea,
JRSfSr CUnti White*, nanatartl dl£
/tEKfta 1 «. i d«r«. 1J charge*, or any inflamma-
rj£f OMimoued u *• won, irritation or nic*ra« |
B>»— <f Pment ecauiiou. uon or muconi mam* /
*^cffiay?y a Circular Mat oa n«3Mt.
flHH9P> 1'MMHHBMlMMMBiisTELLS HOW BANK
WAS VICTIMIZED
Prosecuting Counsel Ex-
Plains Methods of
the Forgers.
Defaulting Bookkeeper of De
frauded Institution Is
Captured.
London, Dec 2. — Thomas Peterson
Goudie. the bookkeeper of the Bank of
Liverpool, who disappeared at the time
of the disccverey that the bank had been
robbed of about £170,000, was captured to
day at Bootle, where he had been in hid
ing. Goudie had £300 In his pocket when
arrested. He will be brought to London
for trial with the other men taken Into
custody in connection with the robbery,
two of whom. "Dick." Burge, the pugilist.
and F. T. Kelly, the bookmaker of Brad
ford, xrere remanded to-day, after a par
tial hearing of the evidence against
them. .
Hundreds of people clamored for admis
sion into the courtroom at Bow street,
hardly cr.pable of holding those directly
inter- <6 'n the case.
Char* lathews, counsel for the vic
timized .:ik, in presenting the case
against me prisoners, gave the first au
thentic details of the fra.uds. He ex
plained that there had been twenty-seven
checks forged. The first two affected
Goudie. The next twelve, representing in
value £25,300. would be mainry traced to
Kelly. Another seven checks, aggregat
ing £53,000. would be first traced to Kelly
and afterward to Kelly and another per
con not yet before the court. Six other
checks, valued at £51,000, would be traced
first to Lawrie Marks, who paid them
into his bank accounts. But some of the
proceeds were also traceable to Burg-c.
The whole amount had been drawn out
of the Bank of Liverpool by checks
drawn to account of G. W. Hudson.
Evidence was then presented to show
that Lawrie Marks opened an account
with the Credit Lyonais at the end of 1S39.
In October. 1901. he paid In the first Hud
son check, amounting to £5000. Later he
introduced Burge, who opened an ac
count. After the first Hudson check was
paid in, in October, Marks deposited two
more Hudson checks, for £16.000. On
November 1 Burge. accompanied by
Marks, cashed a check for £13,000. recelv-
L Ing £7000 in notes. The same day the
f identical notes were deposited by James
Mances, whom Marks had in the mean
while introduced at the bank. Marks,
November 4, deposited a Hudson check
for £30.000. and November 8 Burge pre
sented a check for £15.000. drawn by
Marks in his favor, while Mances. the
same day, cashed another of Marks'
checks for £10.000. A witness testified to
a number of similar transactions. "When
the bank was enjoined the amounts
standing to the credit of the accused
were: Burge. £13,585; Marks, £10,59L and
Mances, £15,9S7.
M.EBCHA2JT OF LEABVILLE
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT
Colorado Authorities Arrest Him on
a Telegraphic Warrant From
Tunwater, "Wash.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Nov. 2.— Charles
Hart, one of the leading grocers of this
city, was arrested to-day on telegraphic
orders from Tunwater, Wash., charging
him with embezzlement. Several years
ago Hart was employed as a grocery
clerk here. He went West and remained
about five years. About six months ago
Hart returned to Lcadville and opened
up a fine grocery store. The telegram
from Tunwater states that the embezzle
ment occurred while Hart was City
Treasurer of that town. Hart positively
refused to say one word regarding the
matter. Sheriff Mills of Thurston Coun
ty in which Tunwater Is located, has al
ready - started East" with requisition
papers for Hart.
English Agents Are Expelled.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 2.— Mail
advices from the Philippines are to the
effect that the military authorities have
been obliged to expel all agents of Eng
lish houses at Manila from the Islands
of Samar and Leyte, as they have been
engaged in traflac with rebellious natives.
It is expected that the British Consul
will refer this matter to London for in
structions, but no serious' trouble is ap
prehended. . . • »"
Saa Francisco. Tuesday, 3 December, 1MU .
. - i ; 1 5 1 : >
Gift hint, $25.00
n ; O
\ One of our handsomest medium-priced combination
bookcase-desks is shown in -the picture above. Built of
beautifully grained oak and finished in the popular golden
brown. It measures 40 inches wide and 6 feet. high. The
bookcase portion has four -adjustable shelves with glass door
front. The desk has the usual pigeon-holes, etc., and : is
surmounted bv a dainty French bevel mirror 14x14 inches._
Under the desk is a s well front drawer and a large cabinet
*for papers and ma&azines. Picture shows the piece very
.well. 'V-V : :v-;-
Price. $25.00.
Of course we have a great many less expensive book-
! case-desks— some as low as $10.00. I
/j ■ ' Q
j* Out-of-town people! — send for our big illustrated cata- j
I log of holiday hints in furniture. It's free. __JL
(Successors to California Furniture- Co.)
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue ,
FUNDS TO RUN
THE GOVERNM ENT
Secretary of Treasury
Furnishes Estimates
to Congress.
Total Appropriations Asked
for Are Much Smaller
Than for 1902.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Secretary
of the Treasury, to-day transmitted to
Congress the estimates of appropriations
required for the Government service for
the fiscal year ending June 30. 1903, as
compiled by the heads of several execu
tive departments. The total appropria
tions asked for are $610,827,688, which is
$16,000,000 less than the estimates for 1902
and $4,000,000 more than the appropria
tions for that year. Following: Is a reca
pitulation of the estimates by depart
ments: [y. vv'Ji
Legislative, $10,188,099; Executive, $294,160;
State Department, $2,448,328; Treasury Depart
ment, $156,484,925; War Department. $161,920,
101; Xavy Department, $100,701,122; Interior De
partment, $161,710,535; Postofnce Department,
$4,464,966; Department of Agriculture, $5,609,540;
Department of Labor, $190, 4S0; Department of
Justice. $6,917,330. Total. $610,827,688.
Following are the principal Items under
the several departments which show in
creases or decreases, as compared with
the appropriations for the year 1902:
Qjngrress— Public printing 1 , etc.. Increase, $430,
000. State Department — Foreign intercourse, in
crease. $233,000. Treasury Department — Mints
and assay offices. Increase, $133,000; internal
revenue, Increase, $340,000; public works, in
crease, $4,405,000; miscellaneous, increase, $1,
000,000. District of Columbia— Decrease, $503,
000; permanent annual appropriations, decrease,
$2,500,000. War Department— Military establish
ment, decrease. $16,400,000; public works, in
crease, $36,600,000; permanent annual appropria
tions, decrease, $650,000. Navy Department —
Naval establishment, increase, $6,545,000; pub
lic works, Increase, $14,800,000. Interior De
partment — Indian affairs, decrease, $323,000;
pensions, decrease, $5,400,000; public works, de
crease. $555,000; miscellaneous, decrease, $1,375,-
COO. Postofnce I>epartment — Salaries and ex
penses, increase, $115,000. Department of Agri
culture — Salaries and expenses, increase, $932,
000.' Department of Labor— Salaries and ex
penses. lncrea!«~ .$12,000. Department of Jus
tice—Public works, increase. $52,000;. miscel
laneous, increase. $50,400. Civil Service Com
mission — Salaries and expenses. Increase, $65,000.
A recapitulation by titles and compari
sons with the appropriations for the year
1902 shows as follows:
Kstimates for 1903— Legislative establishment,
$4,S59.636; executive establishment. $25,457.S0G;
Judicial establishment, $726,520; foreign Inter
course, $2,038,578; military establishment, $99,
819,434; naval establishment, $73,202,979; Indian
affairs. $7,124,271; pensions, $139,846.4S0; public
works, $SS,604,S65; postal service, $2,710,946; mis
cellaneous, $46,024,94$; permanent annual ap
propriations. $123,921,320; grand total, $610.827,6S8.
Appropriations for 1902 — Legislative establish
ments. $5,153,904; executive establishments, $20,
361,565; judicial establishments, $828,747; foreign
intercourse, $2,264,701; military establishment,
$116,728. 655; naval establishment, $71,371,450; In
dian affairs, $10,356,264; pensions, $145,260,350;
public works, $3S.978,S79; postal service, $3226;
miscellaneous. $68,077,532; permanent annual ap
propriations, $127,231,220; grand total, $606,596,877.
NAVAL COTJBT AT TXTTTJILA
ACQUITS CAPTAIN TILLEY
Evidence Produced at the Inquiry
Entirely Fails to Substantiate
the Charges.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Dec. 2.— The United
States Naval Court at Tutuila, Samoa,
has honorably acquitted Captain Benja
min F. Tilley, the naval Governor of Tu
tuila, of all the charges against him. No
evidence to sustain these charges was
presented to the court.
Commander Uriel Sebree has succeeded
Captain Tilley as naval Governor of Tu
tuila. ■ : . -.
WRECK OF PASSENGER
TRAIN IN YXJCATAK
Two People Killed Outright and
Twenty-Three Others Are Badly
Injured.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 2.— A dispatch from
Oaxaca, Mexico, says that the Govern
ment authorities have received word of a
passenger train wreck on the Peninsular
Railroad in Yucatan. Two passengers
were killed outright and j twenty-three
others badly injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; DECEMBER 3, I9O1.
AUTOLIG HT IS AN ABSENTEE
AND OBIA WIN5 GALLOPING
P, Ryan's Mare I^uns Away From Qalanthus=-=E1 Rey
Beaten Out by J. N. nburicei's Disturber.
AMONG other things on the menu
at Oakland track yesterday was
the free handicap for three-year
olds : over a mile and a. furlong.
The track was fearfully muddy,
so Green Morris decided to let Autolight
stay in the stable. This caused it to sim
mer down to a battle between the three
lightweights, Obia, Galanthus . and Bru
tal. Galanthus had -promenaded out In
front of three fields, but they all lacked
class; still, for a time, he ruled the fa
vorite. Then keener judgment prevailed,
which, taken together with P. Ryan's
money, made Obia close a 4»to 5 chance.
J. Ransch had the leg up on the latter—
the first mount since his accident. lie
received a pretty ovation from the stand
and returned the compliment by , going
out and winning all the way. Brutal came
strong at the finish and was only beaten
two lengths for the place by Galanthus.
While but two favorites succeeded \ in
passing the wire first, there appeared to
be considerable wise I money afloat, and
•many of the books quit loser on the play.
The attendance was large, as usual.
After many trials the Inverness colt.
Senator Bruce, left the maiden class in
the opening two-year-old . scramble. ' Bull
man took a trick at the wheel and the
chestnut fellow led from start to finish.
The Maniac, an 8 to 1 shot, downed,Ma
jor Bird for the place. ' ■■ ■
By his ridiculous win of the six and a
half furlong sprint it would seem as if
sloppy going was the long suit of Dide
rot. Jack Atkin's gelding was as good
as 6 to 5 for the second number and sim
ply galloped in ahead of Herculean and
Ben Ledi. Sea Lion was an indifferent
fourth. . • . . ' •
To Birkenruth's bulldog tenacity-Tin
clinging to the rail position can be. aa
cribed the win of theflve furlong scram
ble for two-year-olds by St. Sever. A fur
long from the stand he looked hopelessly
shut off, but gradually wedged his way
through and at the wire beat Sol half a
length. Dr. Scharff, the • favorite, - on
which Spencer had the mount, did not
get a very good send off, finishing fourth.
Billy Magrane's piece of vocal equine
furniture. The Singer, made his company
in the mile selling race look like - low
notes. Going to the post third choice the
geding came home the easiest sort of a
winner over Hohenlohe and Rose of Hilo.
The latter jnare closed, favorite, but her
chances were not improved by the start.
Nothing but Disturber had much chance
in the final seven furlong dash. Mounce
had the mount on his father's gelding and
played for a good thing beat the barrier
three lengths. With an equal break El
Rey, which finished second, would have
won. Plohn; the favorite, proved a dis
appointment and "Wyoming was not
straight when the barrier was released.
Track Notes.
Jake Holtman will now take his turn
at . the starting gate for the next two
weeks.. With one exception his work yes
terday was excellent.
The win of St. Sever proved costly for
Dr. Rowelh The two-year-old was en
tered to be* sold for $500 and Tom Ryan
boosted him a similar amount. It appears
that the doctor tilted one of the Ryan
string at Chicago last summer and the
genial "Tom" forgot not.
Birkenruth, it must be conceded, is one
of the best boys now riding at Oakland.
If in his predicament on St. Sever nine,
out of ten riders would have given up
the ghost a furlong from the stand, but
"Birk" persevered and won out by halt
a length. It was. a nervy piece of work.
Al •Ralston, a well-known laver of
prices, arrived from New York on last
evening's overland.
At the Occidental Horse Exchange to
night there will be a great sale of year
lings, two and three-year-olds and horses
in training. Menlo Stock ■ Farm. P. G.
Lane, El Monte Stock Farm, and Burns &
Waterhouse will be represented. Pat Mor
rissey and other . well-known performers
will be led into the ring:. " . >
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events: -• ■ . • r,
First rice— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds. , .
2899 Huachuca 108 2906 Gypsy Boy ....108
2826 Tufts 103 2885 Maraschino ~....1O5
2910 Ingo 108 2906 "Waterscratch ..10T»
2*90 Marelio 109 2873 Quadra 103
2885 Lapldus 108 2SCS Lou Hazel 105
2890Bendara 108 2826 Da wson 105
Second race— Five and a half furlongs; sell
ins; four-year-olds and upward. \
2838 Edinborough ..117 2903 Whaleback ....114
2840 Flamero .. ..114 2905 St. Anthony 114
2S11 Gold Baron 114 2S36 J. Boggs 114
FIGHT AGAINST
CONSOLIDATION
Minnesota Officials Are
Preparing Legal
Papers.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 2.— The following state
ment was given to the Associated Press
at the Governor's office late this after
noon: .
• "Governor Van Sant reports that he has
been informed by Attorney General Doug
lass that from the investigation made he
has decided to institute legal proceedings
In opposition to the proposed consolidation
of railway Interests, and that the papers
are in process of preparation." i
Copies of the annual report of the Great
Northern Railway, filed with the State
Railroad and ijyarehouse Commission, ac
cording to a State law, were forwarded to
the Attorney General to-day, with the re
quest of the commissioners that he bring
an action to compel the company to fur
nish reports showing operations in Minne
sota for the last fiscal year upon a mile
age basis.
The Great Northern for several years
has not furnished this information, insert-
Ing in the reports the statement:
"This company has abandoned as Im
practicable and misleading the plan of
making divisions, on interstate earnings
between the States through which the
system runs, and cannot therefore give
iigures purporting to show earnings in
.Minnesota from such traffic."
Tables were given showing business
purely local to the State.
It is asserted by the commissioners that
the refusal to furnish figures of Minne
sota's proportion of interstate traffic re
daces the apparent earnings for the last
fiscal year from a figure in excess of $19,
000,000 to J4.847.382.
LIVESTOCK SHOW
OPENS AT CHICAGO
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
Speaks on the Importance of
. the Cattle Business.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— The International
Livestock Exposition was formally opened
here to-night before an appreciative
throng that crowded the amphitheater.
Mayor Harrison', Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson and Governor Yates spoke. A"
parade of prize-winning horses and a con
cert preceded the speech making. Mayor
Harrison delivered the address of wel
come. - ■
Secretary Wilson was greeted with liwd
applause. His remarks ■were largely on
the importance of the cattle business in
the United States. He said that while the
cattle exports from this country were
worth $8,000,000 the great market was at
home, "among our own people, and under
our own flag." • ~v :■ « .
"The horse," said the speaker, "is with
us to-night and he will be with us through
the ages when the automobile and bicycle
are in the junk pile. No man ever rode
a bicycle who had owned a horse; no man
would own an automobile who understood
the beauties of the horse."
• The audience was still applauding when
Governor Yates arose and bade the visi
tors, to the show and to the convention
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, Dec. 2.— Weather. showery. Track muddy.
2014. .FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maldeajtwq-year-olds ; value to first, $325.
~ .- ■■■'■■■:.■'<■■ i 7 , . .- ••. ...-.'.! j.V:i ■... . . -/.-.'.- . ',. . ■ .•'.. ..• Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. . %. . %. - Str. Fin. .. Owner and , Jockey. . Op. Cl.
2902 Senator' Bruce.. . .. ;109j- 4 12 15 15 15J L. 'Clayton '&• Co.Bullmn 2 6-J
2890 The Maniac......... 110 3 4% 45 410.21 John Kane .....:. Prior 5 8
2902 Major Bird.....:... 113 2 2h 2 12 4-35 W. E. Cotton Hoar 8-5 11-5
2902 St. Chester. '..108 1 3 h 3 1 ••' 3 4 4 8 "■ : E J. Baldwin & Co. Ransm 3 1S-3
2902 Lillle Dale.... ;..... 105 6 65 6 6 6 5 5 6 Liberty Stable Treanor 10 20
2261 Sir Claus .....114.5.6 8 * 5 6 6 V, 6 20 A. B. Spreckels;. Hennessey 6 13
2873' Annie Max. ..;.:. ..105 8 8 . ■ 7 10' "7 15' 7 20 : P Sheridan ..Brodien 20 40
- Billy Vice -Jr.. ■-.... 105 7 7 1 8: . \S* .'' 8 ■ B. A.- Chllson.l.McPermott 20 40.
Time-3-16, :19; %, :25; %, :S0&;; 5%f, 1:11}J. ■ Poor start. Won easily. Second and third
driving., Winner, J. L. Clayton. &; Co.'s ch. c^ ; by Amigo-Indianola.- Senator Bruce out
. spoke the others. The Maniac ran without 'a. strait-Jacket. Major Bird still confined in a
-= gilded cage. St. Chester can 'do better.- Others won't do. '• *#«■ >&?'■<?
2015, SECOND RACE— Six arid a half furlongs -Belling; three-year-olds and up; to flrat. ?385.
.'--i'- ' :\^t- .■ '■.',••• v-<> -' •■ ■-.■■"■ '■ ■■- -'"■ ' : -i-\ "~ '< - Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, . ; Wt. St.* ■..%.". %.V str. -Fin. ,- Owner : and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2S86) Diderot, 3.....;.... .104 1'' 2 2 In 15 15 J. P. Atkin Hoar 1 1
2913 Herculean, 4........ 114 4-- 4 n 32 22 2 2 G • Summers & Co.Bullman 7-2 9-2
2901 Ben Ledl, .5........U4 ,2v 1 1 22 32 3 1% O. W. Scott..: ..Spencer 3 6-2
2912 Sea Lion, 6."... 117 5 \ 5 2 • 4n. 13 45 Caesar Young..... J. Woods -7-2 11-2
2908 Talma, 4 109 3 3h 56. 5 20 5 40 ~ P Me Aullffe..... Birkenruth - 15 40
2C91 Graylette, '3.~. ....... 109 6 ; 6 6' 6 6- E. Blazer J., Matthews 20 100
Time— 1-16, :07; M. -:24; }£,' :«%;%, 1:16^; 6%f. 1:23%. ' Good start. Won easily. Second eas- .
ily. Third driving. Winner, J. P.- Atkin's ch. g. by. Rousseau-La Relna. Diderot like
new coin from the Mint. Herculean • oustayed Ben Ledl. Sea Lion needs a sun bath on
■ the rocks. v ■ • - '-'.:'■'. ..-■■■ •:'.,.■ . ;'.i.--, \ .. '.,".
2010. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs;. BeninTr^o-y^r-olusrvaU^to^rst7^325r^-*^ ~"~
' - • Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %.%.".. Str. Fin. ? Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
! 2S99v St. Sever.. ....... ...115 1 66 \ 4 2 3 V, ' 1 % Dr. H. E. Rowell.Birknrth 8-5 a
2868 SoU .113 4 2h 2 1 > 2 h 2 h . P. . Donaleche J. Woods 8 8
'2873 Nonie ......; ..115 2- 12 1 3 ' 1 £ 3 5 ' M. Kane..:.........Bullman 5 7-2
.2910 / Dr. Scharff 118 6 - 6 % -a % , I 5 ; 4 8 J. W. O'Neal & Co.Spencer 7-5 3-2
2878' Schwar2wald ......118 5 ' 4 h. • 6 5 5^4 52 B. Schreiber Mounce 10° 20
...... Mr. Timberlake.:..llo 7 7 1 7 2: . 6 1 -6 5 D. A. Honig L.Daly 20 50
2831 Jerry Edwards 115 3; 3 1 5 4 7.3 7 4 Ted Hayes Stuart 30 50
;■ 2S68 Flattered /..115 8. . 8 ....• 8 :-. - -.S" 1 . V-8 F. D. Weir. Hoar 12 25
Time— %,' ":13; %. • :ZorM,:50%;:%, 1:03%. -Fair^ start. Won. first three driving. Winner. Dr.
\H. E. Rowell's ch. g. by' St. -.Carlo-Sunlit. Birkenruth on winner hugged the rail, finally
getting' through. Sol outgamedNonle. Dr: .Scharff cut off soon after start. Those on the
'outside outbroke the rail. horses.",'' .-'. • /Y- • .
2017.- FOURTH RACE— Free handicap; one mile; three- year-olds; value to first, $325.
" ■ . -^;- ■-■'.'■.'.■,•'■" ' ''• ''"■*■-•*■■;■■•■".■■-: i • Betting.
Index^, Horse and Weight. St. M. ft- .'; ., Str. >y Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2869 Obia... ......!. 97 "2 12, 11H ; 11%,12 P. Ryan Ransch 1 T£
(2877) Gaianthu8*.. ....... 91 1 , 28 .2 15 .26,22. J. Coffey J. Daly 1 6-5
2845 Brutal ....'.. 90 3_ 3 ,3 . -3 - : _ ■- 3 Bur'g'm Stock Farm..Jcknn 10 10
Time— Vi. :26%; %. ":52; %,:1:19; mile. 1:45«4.; Good start. Won easily.' Second driving. Win
ner, P. Ryan's b. f. by Pardee-Day Dream. Obia outclassed Galanthus Both second and
third horses weakly ridden. Scratched— Autolight 117. f :
2018. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str.V - Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci.
2913. The Singer, 4. .....112 114 16 15' 18 ■" W. P. Magrane & Co Bull 2 B-2
(2889) Hohenlohe, 6 ....:. 115 3 51 4 h ., 3 1 2 M Blmwood Farm Spencer 2 11-5
(2903) Rose of Hilo. 4... .112 5 32 2% 2h V 31 George Webb Mounce 2 8-5
2903. Romany. 5 110,4. 6 ■ 6 4 5,45 Liberty Stable Collis 20 20
1 28S6 Lost Girl, a.. ......107 6 4« 5 X ... 6 5 % E. G. MoConnell Hoar ■ 10 15
2830 Senator Matts, 5..U2 2 2n .3 1 5.1. 6. A. L. Haskell O'Connor 8 20
Time— V*. :26Vi; Vi, . :52; %, 1:18; mile, 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, W. P. Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by The Bard-Minnie Andrew Winner was keved
up to-day. Rose of Hilo away poorly. Lost Girl won't do. Senator Matts a bad one.
2019. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index. Horse. . Age. Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and' Jockey. Op" lD ci
.2907 Disturber. 5 .:.:.. .113 111 22 1 % \ 1 % 'j. N.. Mounce.. ;.... Mounce -9-2 4 •
• 2882 El Rey, 3 96 3 2 3 1 n 2 3 2 5 P. Donaleche 8 "I 8
2880 Rushflelds, a ......113 2 5 2 3% 4 4 3n C. O. Ray Jackson 15 "in
2913 Plohn. 4 ...... .....110 5 ; 4 % v 4 1 3 2 4 5 p] Ryan . ....... ..O'Connor 2 85
2881 Redwald, 4 113 6 6% 52 5 20 5 25 W. B. Jennings & Co Bullm a a
2898 Burdock, 4 ..:..... 99 4 ■ 3 % 6 4 6 4 6 2 J. S. Campbell..?. "j S %> A
2903 Go Out, 4...., 110 7 7.. .7 7 ,7 J. Burrows.... J Matthews 20 30
2913 Wyoming; a ....:.114 «■...'-...:... ... J. G. Brown & Co.. Spencer 4 5
Time-%. :13; %, :25%; %, :51; %, .1:17%; %, 1:30%. Bad start. Won all out Second and
third driVtng. Winner, J. If. Mounce' sb. g. by Exile-Meddle. Disturber bekt the eat«
quarter of a dozen lengths. A Way, on even terms. El Rey would have won Plohn wl li *«
at three-quarters. Redwald no "muHder," Wyoming not straight when barrier went im /
- Scratched-Urchin 107, Rlnaldp 1Q4. Trimmer. 1Q4. Canejo 107. 'Left. °*™r went upy
Third race— Futurity course,; purse; two-year
olds;. ■••■■-.- * •■ ■. - . '
(2910)Sir Lewis....... 1141 2875 Glendenning ..110
(2S79)Muresca.;...,..li<J| 2611 Yellowstone ...113
(2906) Botany- ;;!':.■.'. .7110 ' ' •■.-*.; ' •:. -•
-, Fourth- race-»Stx * furlongs; ; handicap ;% tbret
year-olfis ' and upward."-: : ■■■-■•-.• : :: :i',i'. • _ ;': - -v
: 2894 Frank Bell..... Ill I 2912 Grafter. .......'.. 98
; 2900 Janice .*.... ....113' 2864 Fitzkanet ......100
. - .... -" .-..' ■ ■ ■■ n
Fifth race— Seven furlongs;. ' selling; three
year-olds and- upward. •■••.. • . • ■ - . ,
(2901)Gusto ..1. ..112 2S93 llareua ..106
-2898 Favorito........l09 2907 Dunblane- v.».'~ 112
2900 Bernota ...106 ' , . .
- Sixth race — One mile and an eighth; selling;
four-year-olds and upward. -.. ' *■' ' :
2913 Sunello ...... T .. 101 1 2907 Lodestar .......104
(2911)Floronso ....... 107 1(2905) Cromwell 110
of the -National Livestock' Association
welcome to the State. • : .
YOUNG JANES : PLAYS 5 <
A BRILLIANT GAME
Phenomenal Handball Player Defeat*
Powers in Clever Fashion at
Olympic Club.
Interest in the handball at the Olympic
Club seems to increase as the tournament
draws to its close. The attendance last
night, while not as great as at the Sun
day games, was large. .. ■
Robert : Bowman had an easy time de
feating young Pockwitz. The victor
played in old-time form, killing at will
and taking the most difficult serves .with
either hand. His chances In the tourna
ment are very good," despite the fact that
he has already lost a gamw. - Oatis Crabie
wore the shoes of Champion Al Hampton
and played In great -.form. He defeated
Jack Tait without mussing his hair. Tait
was bothered by, the poor lights. Fritz
Wagner easily beat Clough. . - •*•:•.
The feature of the evening was the play
ing of | Janes against Tom Powers, the
"Irish' Champion.". Janes had- played a
hard game the day before, but entered
the court in good shape. His hands both
ered him, however, and he was forced to
wear a glove. Powers won the first game
and rested -the second. In the third and
final game Janes plucked up hope and by
a difficult serve won from his opponent. -
The scores were:
Bowman '...... .'.......' .21 — 21
Pockwitz •••$•■ * •■•'!— 2
Janes ..'.. ." .12—21—21
Powers 21—12— 3
Crabie ........... — ......21—21
Tait -• i 0-10
Wagner .:..... '...I........ 21—21
Clough :.. .15—14
Jack Gleason and Nick Pendergast will
play this evening, as .will also Nat Hew
son and William Cartwright. As there is
rivalry between these: good players there
will be many, present, to ; see the games.- •«
'•JIM'? JEFFRIES UMPIRES .
AN EXHIBITION GAME
Wasps and . Angels Exchange- Bat
teries and Amuse a Crowd of
. Southland'Wans."; ■ /• ..
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2— The Los Ange
les "and San Francisco ball teams played
an exhibition game here to-day . for ..the
benefit of Fred K. Tru'ett, a newspaper
man, who is suffering from consumption.,
Los Angeles won by a score of 3 to 2.
The batteries were reversed, -Whalen and
"Wilson acting for Los Angeles and Hart
weir and Spies for San Francisco. Cham
pion "Jim" Jeffries- did the judging on
the bases . while McPartlln watched the
balls and strides. ..; .. ,
Some . of Jeffries' decisions were ques
tionable and'the big- fellow' came in 'for
a lot of good-natured chaffing from the
crowd as we.ll as some pretended strenu
ous "kicks"- from the players. McPartlin
also was given a great deal of advice from
the bleachers. . < .. . . . ... .
The pitchers did good work against their
respective team mates. .. They were about
the only members ■ of the clubs that made
, any great effort' to play ball, "the fielders
indulging in all .sorts of . chances. The
attendance" was about one thousand.
Swagger Train.
Sunset Limited will make its first . trip
for : New ' Orleans and New . York , Decem
ber C, leaving San Francisco tri-weekly
thereafter via the picturesque coast divis
ion through San Jose and Santa Barbara.
Service and equipment will be of highest
standard and calculated to merit the best
patronage: ' " :" ' • '
To-Day's Selections.
. -First race— Marelio. Quadra. "Waterscratch.
Second race— Edlhborough, Flamero, St. An
thony.- . ;'
Third, race— Muresea, Botany, Glendenning.
, :Fourtfr race— Fitzkanet. Grafter, . Janice.
Fifth-race— Bernota, Gusto, Dunblane.
Slx ' h , r *ce— Floronso,- Lodestar, Cromwell.
Barutel Defeats Sutton.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Louis Barutel,
the French billiard expert, won the open
ing game of the international billiard
championship tournament that began to
night in the Madison Square Garden con
cert hall, defeating George Sutton of Chi
cago, 400 to 389.
MISS STONE
IS NOT DEAD
Cheering News Received
Concerning the Two
Captives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.-Miss Ellen.
M. Stone, the American missionary, and
Mme. Csilka, abducted by Bulgarian brig
ands, are alive and well.
.This cheering news was received by the
State Department to-day from Spencer
Eddy, Charge d'Affaires of the United
States in. Constantinople. •
Eddy stated that while the information
could not 'be ' confirmed, he is convinced
of its correctness. The State Department
will continue its efforts to ascertain the
truth concerning Miss Stone's condition,
and has taken measures which it is be
lieved will effect her liberation, if alive.
No move looking toward obtaining rep
aration from Bulgaria will be made until
Miss Stone is released or her death Is
established.-
Stanford Athlete Injured.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. Z—
Encina Gymnasium was the scene of an
accident to-day which will deprive Stan
ford of a possible point winner in the
track meet with Berkeley next spring.
Wheeler North, a sophomore, was prac
ticing some difficult tricks on the "Swed
ish horse" when he fell and snapped both
bones of his left leg just above the ankle.
Dr. Wilbur, the university physician re
duced the fracture and North is resting
easily in Palo Alto, but- his career as an
athlete is probably ended. North's home
is in Los Angeles, whither he will be sent
as soon as he is able to travel.
Breaks a Swimming Record.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec, 2.— E. Carroll
Shaffer of the National Swimming Asso
ciation broke the American record for 440
yards at the Sportsman's show. He won
by more than forty yards from S. H. Kol
lock in*' 5* 52 2-5 ■ ■ ■ ■
Weinig.Gets the Decision.
MILWAUKEE, Dec- 2.— Al Weinig of
Buffalo . got the decision over Billy Stif t
of Chicago after six fierce rounds before
the Milwaukee Boxing Club afc the Pan
orama, building to-nignt.
Posted Race Entries.
•. Thomas Flanagan, .who gives his occu
pation as a messenger; was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Sergeant Burnett and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
violating section 1 of ordinance 3049 of the
Board. of Supervisors. He is accused of.
posting, up entries for the races in Leides
dorff street. He was released on $25 cash
ball.- .;, •- ■ .-. ; : : . .
■ MODENA, XJtah, Dec. 2.— The statement that
Postmaster ; De Frlez of Fay, Nev., was in
dicted and arrested for participating In - the
"stringing up" of George Ellis (colored), in an
effort to make. Ellis confess to numerous thefts
that had been committed In the vicinity of Fay,
proves to have been unfounded. •» : • .
WILL WRESTLE
BEFORE LADIES
Special Matches at the
Olympic Athletic
Club.
Fair Sex Invited to Edjov Ex
f citing Sport To-Morrow
. iNignu
To-morrow evening the fair sex will
have an opportunity of watching the
clever wrestlers of the Olympic and other
athletic clubs test their skill on the mat-
It will be ladles' night at the Olympic
Club and the fair visitors will be fitting
ly entertained by the members. The last
affair of its kind proved extremely popu
lar and It is very likely the gymnasium
will again be crowded. An orchestra will
discourse sweet music during the inter
missions and the entire club will be
thrown open to the invited guests.
Eugene Van Court of the Reliance Club
will referee the bouts. They will be of
ten minutes*, duration. The winner must
secure two out of three falls. George S.
Miehllng. wrestling instructor of the
club, arranged the programme and he
says the men are evenly matched as to
science and strength. There will be five
special bouts. ■
C. S. Bowers and^L. "Kullman of the
Olympic Club will contest at 105 pounds.
J. M. Collins and J. Glndorff will follow
and wrestle at 130 pounds. This will be
Collins 1 first appearance in public. He is
said to be very clever on the mat. Gin
dorff was thrown by Gahn of Portland at
the last exhibition and will try to retrieve
his laurels.
R. S. Wickson of the Reliance Club and
L. B. Haselbacher of the Olympic Club
will wrestle at 145 pounds. Both were in
the last championship tournament and
are very fast workers.
C. * Jenkins of the Olympic Club and
Charles Marz of the Y. M. C. A. will try
conclusions at 145 pounds.' Marz is said
to be a good man at his weight. Jenkins
is one of Miehling's best pupils. William
Mac Phie, unattached, and W. B, McCul
lugh. the Olympic Club Adonis, will
wrestle as heavyweights.
Fred Butz will be timekeeper and
George Hensley announcer.
Winning: Horses at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec 2. — Crescent City sum
mary:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lou
Woods won. The Boston second, Castlron third.
Time. VMM.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling
— Swordsman won, Henry of Franstamar sec
ond. Chancery third. Time, 1:52%. .
Third race, one mile— Donna Seay won. Gray
Dally second, Farmer Bennett third. Time,
l:4Stf.
■ Fourth race, six furlongs— Tom Collins won.
Klngsley second. Cherries third. Time. 1:17.
Fifth race, thirteen-slxteenths of a mile, sell
ing—Uterp won. Mr. Phlnlzy second. Ortrud
third. Time, 1:24. •
Sixth race, one mile— Menace won, Woodstick
second.. Free Pass third. Time, 1:45&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
healthy
children. But there can be no joy in
motherhood without health, and without
health for the mother there can be no
health for the child.
t It is of vital importance for women to
know that the health of mother and child
is in general - entirely within woman's
control. Th'e thousands of women who
have used Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription when expecting motherhood,
have testified that it made them healthy
and happy in the days of waiting, made
the baby's advent practically painless,
and gave them health to give their chil-
dren.
Mrs. W. J. Kidder, of Hill Dale Farm (Enos-
burg Center), Enosburg. Vt., writes: « During the
past year I found myself expecting maternity,
and in rapidly failing health. I suffered dread-
fully from bloating and urinary difficulty. I
was growing perceptibly weaker each day and
suffered much sharp pain at times. ! I felt that
something must be done. I sought your advice
and received a prompt reply. Took twelve
bottles of Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription,
and also followed your instructions. I began
to improve immediately, my health became
excellent, and I could do all my own work (we
live on a good sized farm). I walked and rode
all I could, and enioyed it. I had a short, easy
confinement and have a healthy baby boy."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for expense of mailing only, for the book
in paper covers, .or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in clotht Address Dr.
R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Fine Holiday Presents
Made to Order.
: Globe Cassitnere Suits
ojUiUu
Worth $40.00.
Full Dress, Silk Lined
$40 and $45
Worth $55 to $75. \
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
201-103 Montgomery St.
1110-1113 Market St., Eaa Frtnoiios.
113 S. Spring St., Lei Angelai.
You need not suffer from dis-
ease, nor pay a fortune in
. nauseous drugs. Kill the germs -
• and you remove the disease.-
. RADAM'S MICROBE KTLL- ,
EE is fatal to any kind of
: perms. IT WIUj CUBE YOU
PERMANENTLY,
hiimnie Free. Opji* Fveninft
RADAM'S MICROBE KILLER CO.
1470 MARKET ST.
Phone Mint 1455, San Francisco. 1 «,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE VaMIANA BITTERS.'tHE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
■treneth to 'sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JWHCARTERS
SIOUEADAGHE
Positively cared by thess
Littlo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the. Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable;.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private booic
free* at office or by mail*
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAS.
DR. BALL'S RElNYIGORATORg&Va
Stops all losses in :i hours. Five gw«^M&*
hundred reward for any case we S*** ■**%$
cannot cure. This secret remedy 2 Rj
cures Kmissions. Impotency. gJ3 15«§l
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Hjf.i p*Tn
Stricture*. Drains. Lost Mia- UiLJ li?Jrl
hood and all other waatlnj ef- BgrlfeS
fects of self-abuse or excesses. QxSSSIQ
Bent sealed, |2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
to cure any ease. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 856 Broad-
Way. Oakland. Cal. Alao for sale at 1*13^
Market »t.. a. F. Send for free book.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
fEHU_ "Wharf, San Francisco:
iSSSSBSii: For Alaskan porta— U a, m..
I FJS§*R!W Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1-
1 KrWtyVgOb Change to company's steam-
i EkJsJs^EVl ers at Seattle. ■"*—'&
I RraK^&e&l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tfMf-t^SSil C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
if Tacoma, Everett and New
Wnat<5oin (Wash. >— 11 a- i" 1 -*
Dec 2 7 IX 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1. Change* at Se-
ittl« for' tw« oomian/B .teamers for Alaska
Ind'o^RyTarsiw. or Tacon* for N.
I» Tlv • nt Vancouver to C tr. W. • __ ■ -
Fo7Eu?elJ^Humboldt Bay)-1^0 p. to.. Dec.
'v^r^^bSko^^PPliil only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Loa Angeles and -Redonao ILos An-
geles)-Steamer Santa Bosa. Sundays 9 a. m-
Steaxner State of -Cal.. Wednesdays. 9a. iru
For L03 Angeles, calling at Santa Cros. Mon-
terey, 8an Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (3an
LouU Obispo). Gavlota Santa BarWa, Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San ««»
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays, »
*"FoV Ensenada. Magtelena Bay, San J°»? *«*
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata La Faz. ■«»» ««^
Ha and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
m For h rurther Information obtain the company's
f °The 8 company reserves the rfght to chariKO
steamers, sailing days and hours of sallies
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-! New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel). J
GOODALL, PEKKTNS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st_. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only S«e«%m.slil¥> X*lx»* «»
PORTLAND, On.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to aM
•points, al! rail op steamship and pail, at
LCWBST HATES.
8TEAKER TICXZTS HICLUDE BXBTBasd KSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA SaHs....Dec 4, 14. 24, Jan. 3.
BS -.!:^. w .:^^nVN^-29."i>rvri3. »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg^y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WItX. LEAVE WHAB7, COK-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. ■ No cargo received on board, on
du of sailing.
B.S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11. 1301
B.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4, 1903
6.3 HONGKONG MARU ll",™
. ...Thursday. January 30, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Top
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market rtreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ajrent.
AMERICAN LINE.
UEVY0BX. SOOTHAXTTOlt. L0KD0K P13X&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Kt. Paul ....Dec. 1?? St. Paul Jan. 1
St. Louis Dec. V Zeeland Jan. S
Philadelphia Dec. 231 St. Louis Jan. 13
HED STAR LINE;
Now York and Antwem.
. From New Tork Wednesday at 12 noon.
Friesland Dec. 13 [Kensington Jan. 1
Southwark Dec. 18 'Zeeland Jan. S
•Vaderland Dec. 25| Friesland Jan. IS
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m. .'■■„■ ..
CHILE (Twin- Screw).. TUCAPEL..'....Dec. 21
: Dec.,.7 AREQTJlPA.....Jan. 4
* These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral - and ■ South . American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). -Freight
and passenger office.' 318 California street'. ,
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
oeeanics.sxo. ssssa
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, • Auckland
and Sydney Friday. Dec. 6 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
JSaturday, Dec U 2 d .m
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jaiu 4, *02. 10 a. m.
J. D. SHEKELS k BEOS. CO., fltcerai Agants. 327 Hartal 8
esa'l Pasangsr Offies, 643 Harkst St., Pier la. 7. PatiSc st
PANAMA R. R. ?
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. (40; Meals Free.
6. S. Arfiyii nails Monday. Uos. 9
S. S. Leelanow sails Saturday, Tec. 21
CS. 6. Argyll sails ..
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. .
■ • ■ ■ ■ . y
C0XFA6m5 GISEEALS TXAH3ATLAHTIQTI5
DIRECT LINE TO HAAOIE-PARI3. -^ w
Balling every Thursday, Instead of <aSWt5>
I Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. »MBa»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havra. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent?.
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
<fOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALIEJ3
Stamen GEN. PRISBIE or MONTICELL!)
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except. Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 noon, « p. m,. except
• Sunday. Sunday, la. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing - and
. office, pier 2. Mission-street dodc - HATCH
[ BROS. - . . -
' Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
56
TUESDAY......;.. ...DECEMBER 3, 1901
." . JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
' iUren 131 CemmnnietUta* to W. 8. LXAKX, Kuijn.
SIAXAGER'S OFFICE. .. .... .Telephone Press 2O4
TCBUCATION OFFICE.. .Market nnd Third, "S. F:
hi £?-' l '■ :' s ' Telephone Pre«« 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS.. .". .^17 to 221 Stevenson St.
». '■'■",'■',. i ■■'■■" .S-' :Teleplioiie .Pren 202. '
. JOellTered l>y Carrier*, 15 Centu Per Week.
• : 77 . ■• , -"- Stnffle Copies." G CentM. .
t '■>':, Terms br Mall, Incladlns Postaeei
bifLlLTCALXi frnelijdln* Sunday), one year..'...:........;.$I.O0
DAIL.T .CAXX. .(JncluClnc Sunday), t months. S.00
DAILTCALIj (including Sunday), X months J.EO
DAILY CALXr-By Single. Month.....;... 65c
ECSDAT CALU On* Tear........:.. '..... 1.E0
WSEELT CALU One Tear....... & 1.00
All -postmasters are authorised, to recelye
>..-•:■',<•., sabscrtptlons. . .'
Sample copies »"1H be forwarded when requesSfl.
. Mall subscribers in ' ordering change of address should be
pertlcolar to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAJiLAXD OFFICE .............. 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktstgtr Tsreign Adrertisiap, Kir^nttte Bmldlng, Chicago. * '■",
t . ( f, fljcijr . Distance Telephone "Central 261S-") "
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAJRLTOX. .'.. Herald Sanare
1CEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
f TEPBX7T B. .SMITH 3O Tribune Bulldtms;
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. " Brentano. XI Union Square ;
Knrray HU1 Hotel. " . -
t , . , . CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebertnan House;- P. O. ' News -Co.*; Great -Northem Hotel;
rYemoat House;' Auditorium .Hotel. " *
t T '" r ■ ; ' ~" - — — — r — ■ ■-."*.*
.WASHIIVGTOX (D. C.) OFFICES. . . .1406 G St., IV. W.
UORTOA' E. CItAXE, Correspondent. ' ■ "
DIlAACn OFFICES— 677 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll J:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9: SO o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t:SO o'clock. 1W1 Mission, open, until 10 o'clock. T261 Market.
i joorner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock.. 109« Valencia, open
"until » otdock. 10«. Eleventh, open until I o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until. $ o'clock..
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
AUTJSEMZNTS.
CaUfornia— "A Stranger in' a Strange Land."
Tivoll— "The Oelsha." , .
Central— "The Streets of New York."
Alcazar— "An Enemy to the King."
Columbia— "The Girl From Maxim's."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. .
Grand ODera-hbose-^'Tristan ■und Isolde."
Cciiutes. Zoo.. an.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.. -."•.«.' "V- : " .• ■ •
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game. ....
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.^ •
AUCTION- sat^s.
By Win. G. Layng— This evening, at T:t5 o'clock, Thorough-
bred Hcnses, at 721 Howard etreet.
THE MONROE DOCTRINE.
S.EVERAL London newspapers express a desire
.that .England accept the Monroe, doctrine and
then' join' the -United. States in • asking its ac
erycance~by the" btRer" nations" Of Europe. This is
conditioned upon our defining that celebrated doc
trine and asking Britain to accept it upon such defini
tion.^ \V< see no necessity for asking anybody to ac
cept the Monroe" doctrine. If seems to be doing
quite" vrell as a declaration of our' hegemony of this
hemisphere,, and will be made neither stronger nor
weaker by European acceptance.
As Jot. Great Britain, her interest in it is common
with ours. With her we now share ownership of the
, northern part of the hemisphere. While her do
minion does not cover as much territory . available
to man as ours, it cannot be said to be of less im
portance to her, for it is a great segment of her zone
around -the world, without which communication
between the antipodal parts. pf her empire would be
interrupted.
Besides that, the Monroe doctrine originated in a
British Ministry. When Lord Canning became aware
of the Holy Alliance, formed by secret treaty for the
purpose of aiding Spain in Tioldirfg or regaining her
grip on her fast fading possessions in America, he
suggested to Monroe and Adams what is now known
as the Monroe doctrine. His object was to com
pkte-the undoing of Spain, as a world power and a
rival- in; empire to Great Britain. reflection
one must see that this suggestion was really one of
the-highest manifestations in the last century of Brit
ish statesmanship. It prevented the rejuvenation of
Spain, avenged* the insults of Philip II, and, above all,
secured tile" .United States as a necessary ally in any
war/between England and the Continent that might
threaten her -loss 'of -Canada) since under the' plain
language of Monroe a transfer to another system of
that territory y;ould be held "an act unfriendly to the
United States." ; . . .'. 'S '
Considering its English -origin its. acceptance- by
Great- Britain ought rot to require much urging, and
jfeifrdo there will be. neither urging- nor acceptance.
If- the Spectator and other London newspapers will
indulge in a little retrospection they will observe that
their Government has already accepted that doctrine
which an English Cabinet formulated. More than
that, when Lord Salisbury accepted Mr. Cleveland's
clear-. cut *and- virile "construction of it by conceding ar
bitration of the Venezuelan boundary the doctrine
was, acknowledged in- its broadest feature.
It is no favor to us for any nation to formally
acknowledge, our hegemony of this hemisphere, since
our leadeiship can endure only while we have the
power to assert it against the world in arms. In 'our
strength we need no partnership, and in our weak
ness^if.it come, we will have none, no matter. what
nations may .previously .have accepted Monroeism.
Naturally -We are hand in hand with Great Britain in
the. matter. She owns ail. of the hemisphere she can
ever acquire, and in the affairs of nations two neigh
bors. are"better than' a multitude. ' With a South
American federation becoming every year more re
ntote and that patriotic. dream of Simon Bolivar gone
gj^nniiering, the dominating^ power he^e will be ours,
but England has the same interest that we have in
pixventing ,the .extension in this hemisphere of the
systems of any of her. rivals. ' :■
llnasttjujilr as -thejinterests of the two; nations touch
palms at so many common points, let England pro
ceed to embossMn" her international policy the 'doc
trinc. .-M° n . ro ? -Canning, so that next Fourth of July
we can celebrate it, among the. other, laudable 'events
of the vear. / **~
A clever young man in New York went to the city
prison, -permitted his hands and arms to be bound by
ten pairs. of handcuffs and his legs to be chained by
sbacMes in two place*, then', he'^ freed himself from "the
bontls^in just eleven "minutes. It would seem that
lifitiung £an hold the youth, but somebody slibuld put
h'inf'intd Wall street and give Morgan a lead pipe
cinch on him and then see what he would do.
OIL RATES REDUCED..
BY reasdn of the firm standtaken by Commis
sioners; Laumeister and Edson in the oil rate
cases the railroads have profited 'nothing by
the rehearing.. The decision of the commission is
this time.much more favorable to the public than was
the former one. The reductions are larger and are 1
more general in their application, and consequently
will give to the oil men and to consumers a greater
degree, of relief from railway extortion. ,■ -
The decision. of course is not final, for it is quite
probable the railroads will appeal to the courts to set
it aside and to grant an injunction against its enforce
ment until the appeal has been heard. In' fact; the,
objections made by Commissioner Blackstpck render
it almost certain the appeal will be made. Those
objectionshave a certain legal form that suggests the
fine Italian hand of Herrin. It' seems evident he will
make an appeal, if for no other purpose than that
of delay, so that he may still persuade the Southern
Pacific managers that he can be of. some use. to them.
That, fact, however, does not in any way diminish the
credit due. to the Commissioners who have resisted all
the blandishments and all the threats of the railway,
and who have given to the public" much' fairer rates
than the roads were willing to concede.
Unless the courts discover some technical flaw in
the decision. or in the proceedings of the hearing it
is not likely the decision will be set aside, for it is
clearly sustained by the evidence given before the
Commissioners. The rates imposed upon oil shippers
have been of the kind sanctioned by the policy of
making all rates as high as the traffic will' bear. The
reductions made will not prevent the railroads from
earning a fair profit on the oil they haul, but will give
the oil men a chance to get their goods' to market
at a not unreasonable cost. Thus the new rates prom
ise cheaper oil to consumers and better .profits for
producers without in any way wronging the roads. . \
The decision has a political as 1 well as a business
significance. The reduction in oil' rates is : tanta
mount to a reduction of Herrin. . It is now evident
that the astute attorney for the Southern Pacific does
not own the majority of the Railroad Commission.
He has not been able to cave Commissioner Edson
down the bank. That gentleman has not only stood
firmly by his decision in favor of reduction given at
the first hearing, but upon the fuller evidence brought
out at the recent hearing has voted for further re
ductions still. Herrin has done all he could and he
has failed. The commission is not to be pulled down.
Herrin's position is now extremely precarious. He
endeavored to get control of the municipal govern
ment, but- failed completely. In the new Board of.
Supervisors he will not have control of a single menij
ber.. His services to the water company and- to the
gas cdmpany will therefore be less valuable than they
have been in the past. It has been demonstrated that
he cannot control the Railroad Commission, and con
sequently the'Southern Pacific will have little use for
him. He has been clever enough to make use of the
Market-street Railway Company in promoting
schemes for the water company and, the gas* com
pany,.but now that. corporation will doubtless get rid
of him. In fact, there was never any reason jwhy the
Market-street company should have employed .the
attorney for the water and the gas corporations. The
Board of Supervisors does not fix street railway rates
every year, as it does water and gas rates, and conse
quently the Market-street company has' gained noth
ving by uniting with the two corporations to employ
an. attorney to fix. things with the Supervisors. It is
safe to say the Market-street company will not much
longer continue to pay a pro rata of Herrin's salary
for serving the water company and the gas company
and doing politics in their interests.
The defeat, of Herrin's effort to get the oil rates
restored by the Railroad Commission will probably
prove his Waterloo. By the. time Mr. Kruttschnitt
returns the new managers of the Southern Pacific
will probably have determined . that ■ they cannot
longer find it' profitable to retain an attorney in com
bination with the water company and the gas com
pany. Mr. Herrin has been carrying too many
buckets of water on his shoulders. Something is
going to drop. ■ -
One of the good results of Roosevelt's ability to
compel every caller to come to the point at once and
state his request without waste of time is that it en
ables the President to finish with each in short order
and thus have time to see and v to hear another. In
consequence of that faculty he is said to be the most
approachable President we ever had. He listens 'to
no one very long, but he listens a little to all who
come. ,
CONDITIONS : IN MANILA.
DOWN in the capital city of the Philippines
there has been established an. American'
journal under the title TKe American Critic. '
We have seen only the. second number 'of the publi
cation^ but judging by that it is in the! hands of a :
live maii and he fills it as full of good substance as an
egg is full of meat. ■ '.'if, . : v
' With genuine Americanism he devotes the most
extensive article in his paper to boasting about . the r
climate. We are informed that the Philippines have
a climate peculiar to themselves, that they "are not
like other islands on the same parallels of latitude.*
"'The climate is not only "suff erable but tolerable, not
only tolerable- but pleasant." As if this were not
enough the writer goes on to say: "the intense,
paralyzing . heat of June, July and August as .ex
perienced in the United States is unknown to the
Philippines.',' It appears that/ more . centenarians
have been discovered in Manila in" the' last three
years than in any other region of the earth, .and;
among' them are "one who is over 137 years of age,
and a mother who can boast. of a progeny of over
600 human souls."
As for prospects for Americans in the islands the
Critic says that at present there are very few com
mercial positions open in^ Manila. Living expenses
we. learn, are. much;. higher in Manila than\ in the
States, and to young Americans the general advice
is given: "It is far better. to stay at home- and sell
ribbons' at 10 cents a yard on a salary of^$10 a
week."
There are, however, chances for somebody. The
Critic asks: "Why does not'some energetic indi
vidual seeking large returns on a small capital start
a vegetable garden.- for supplying - the wants * of
Manila's American residents?" Of such a man it is
said: "Not only would he "profit .financially; .but he
would be hailed far and wide as a deliverer— one who
rescued his- fellow-beings from that awful
for green stuff that forces us to consume great quan
tities of poor garden truck which could' not obtain
recognition in an American market."
It is announced that 'American manufacturing
plants will find a great; field in the .'Philippines.
Sawmills/ planing mills; iron, .works, furniture fac
tories and many other 'plants iti /.'demand in
Manila and ' throughout the provinces. The only
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL,.; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
difficulty, to-be confronted is "that of obtaining ade
quate -labor, and Ayhen that .has been provided it .is
said tlje opportunities fqf, mkniifacturing will beun-.,
limited.
v We learn, furthermore^ that there .are two wants
that are immediately urgent. The first is a- better
telephone service. It appears that even in tljat para
dise the trail of the telephone fiend is over all the
joys. It is assorted -that the /'miserable affair now.
in use is by far worse than none at all," and a de
mand is made -that the operators in the- central sta :
tion be required to learn English.' That, want,'how
ever, sinks into insignificance in . comparison ; with ,
the_ other want/ .which"' is— marriageable 1 young
-women. ' • ... ■■ .' t ;.-. .-., V •';. ■■■ ■ .-..■• '•■;) ,.; -'■:,;■■ i
'_ ■ -It. jis' stated .positively that marriageable young
women are ; a .premium in \ the Philippines.
"There ; are., in: Manila .many desirable youngv men
languishing f" away- on ; large' 'salaries simply because
they cannot find a life partner on whom to expend
their earnings.". The Critic asserts that the young
women.sent out to teach' school are finding great faif;|
ficulty ;m'holdfng : their 1 . "positions; "simply* because
the^- are being proposed to so many times a day that
they 'cannot devote .the "necessary time to their
pupils." ■ The\ : : final- •:;wojr4f: of warning is this:
"Every man-; who comeslto: this 1 clime should bring
with him "a- wife— that is, providing his salary be not
less than $2000 a year." .; .-* ; ;. -
Such are- some Vof the conditions, of Manila as set
forth -.by the- Gritici. We.. submit there is more real
business ;infofrriatiqn Tin them -than -can be found in
a big volume of official reports.
It is stated. that ■"tabloid- restaurants," where com
pressed fp'ads.^ref- served, have been established in
New York" and *Brqoklyn;'and : give, promise of being
successful, despite; the/competition •"of: ordinary res
taurants. In/ those .cities it appears there are always
enough people plyhpAvish to try the new food to make
the . s?ile" of :jt even though^ few of them
wish Aq try it" -more v " than;' once. \ ; • It seems, then, we
must count. the tabloid among the novelties that have
come to-stay;V : ■ : - ; " V
DEFECTIVE TIMBER LAW^
y*—^ CONSIDERABLE space is given in the report
I of the Secretary of the Interior to rec'oni-
N-"* mendations in favor of legislation designed to
regultte the sale and use of timber on the unappro
priated and unreserved public lands. It is stated that
the experience the department has had with the pres-.
ent law. is sufficient to, show, conclusively that unless
the law is; repealed or radically amended it will result
in the complete destruction of the timber on the un
appropriated and unreserved lands.
As an illustration of the defectiveness of the law
attention is directed to the section which provides
that any person who is prosecuted for trespass on the
public timbered lands may be relieved from prosecu
tion by paying a sum equal to $2 50 per acre for the
land on which the timber was' cut. Under that
clause the department reports four casts involving
720 acres of valuable timbered lands, the timber on
which was worth several thousand dollars, where the
offending parties escaped prosecution ;by paying the
wholly inadequate sum provided by the statute. -
In addition to f the inadequate penalty for the pun
ishment of trespassers the- law affords considerable
opportunities for fraud. The report says that during
the past year quite a number of these frauds have been
discovered. Prosecutions are .now pending against sev
eral offenders for perjury^ and subornation of perjury,
and suits have -been" instituted' to /vacate the patents
upon entries that were obtained by fraud embracing
upward of. 14,000 acres. By reason of all these de
fects the Secretary declares that the passage of a bet
ter'act on the subject is absolutely imperative to the
protection of the timber.
The matter is the more important because the
United States has no longer any forests that it can
afford to waste." Forest protection has, in fact, be
come a very live issue in this country, and the peo
ple are beginning to understand thevalue of wood
lands to the community as a whole.
Commenting upon the change in public sentiment
concerning forests, the report says: "The irrigators
of the West have been specially active in urging the
necessity of complete protection of .the forests. from
fire and other destructive agencies, and in asking that
the reserves beextended to include all areas of public
land from .which issue streams of importance .as
sources of water supply. The extreme drought in
many parts of -the country during the past year has
seriously diminished the flow- of the/ mountain
streams. , Together with the deplorable scarcity of
water in portions of the .West; during the three pre
ceding, years,, it has called public attention as never
before to' the vital necessity of forest preservation
and reforestation."
' Of!c0urse the preservation of the forest reserves
and the protection pi the unreserved timber lands are.
not identical problems,' but 'they have the common
end of checking the waste that- is going on among
the woods/ of ;the national domain.- Both subjects,
therefore, are deserving the immediate attention.;. of
Congress. As, the Secretary says, "Action is im
perative at the earliest possible date."
The" inability of humanity to see more than one
thing at a time is shown in the attention given to
Miss Stone and the complete indifference of the pub
lic to her companion, who was- kidnaped along' with
her. She is:in as great danger as Miss Stone and is
having just as hard a time,' but she gets no press no
tices, and if she took '.to lecturing -she could hardly
draw a crowd with free admission. ..
The recent order granting free admission of Christ
mas presents sent to officers or men in the army in
the Philippines, but. denying the privilege in the case
of gifts ■ sent to employes of the civil government, is
hardly fair.. Uncle Sam is Vicfc enough and ought to
be broad enough to treat all his servants in the Phil
ippines alikel in little matters of that kind.
It was announced recently that a "prominent New
Yorker" has declared that; David Bennett Hill is the
logical Democratic; candidate for" the next Presidency,
and that he would have a better chance
to/win" than any : other who; could be chosen. The
name of the prominent one is not given, but it is safe
to bet it isn't Croker.;.: . > .- • • .
Eastern papers; are. complaining -that Thanks
giving this year found the^pumpkin^crop poor, apples,
scarceand even potatoes something like a luxury; It'
see-.ns, however, that, even 'at. that' there was enough,
turkey, mince pie and hard cider to make the great
day go festally. .... ■ .'..■..•. ....... .
President well-known fondness for the
West has given encouragement to* the . people of the
Territories to make, a. united.. fight for admission .to
Statehood, and it would not be surprising if Arizona,
Utah and Oklahoma; had the. satisfaction of electing
United States Senators. before long. ; ..
HEIR TO MILLION DOLLARS MAKES
LIVING AS NEWSBOY IN ST. LOUIS
JAMES EADS HOW. A RICH YOUNG MAN OF ST. LOUIS. AND HIS MOTHER'S RESIDENCE IN THAT CITY.
HOW, WHO IS AN ECCENTRIC FELLOW. SELLS NEWSPAPERS, AND RECENTLY TRIED TO DEED
~ OVER HIS FUTURE FORTUNE TO THE POOR. ' V V .' .
JAMES EADS HOW, heir to more than $1,000,000, and pos
sessor already of a fortune estimated at $25,000, will keep
' on selling newspapers in St. Louis. He is heir to half the
Eads estate, now held by his mother, who lives ih the
Eads majision, No. 4170 Lindell Boulevard, while he in
sists on sleeping in a flve-cent lodging house.
How refuses to use the money that is his already. ,His
grandfather, the designer of the great Eads jetty at the
mouth of the Mississippi, left him $17,000. His father be
queathed him almost as much more. This eccentric young
man, student, philosopher and Harvard graduate, insists on
giving the income to the People's Fund and Welfare Associ-
PERSONAL MENTION.
C. M. Helntz, the publisher of .Los An
geles, is a guest at the Grand.
A. Wagner, proprietor of the Imperial
Hotel at Stockton, Is at the Grand. - .. .
Edward Berwick, a prominent fruit
grower. of Monterey, is at the. Grand.
Senator B. F. Langford of Stockton
was among the arrivals at the Lick yes
terday.
Burton E. Green, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, is registered at the
Palace. . " . . .
Robert Ross, proprietor ot . Litton
Springs, is down here on business and is :
at the Occidental.
B. F. Brooks, a prominent oil man of
Bakersfleld, was among the arrivals at
the Palace yesterday.
Finley Peter Dunne, the journalist who
made himself famous by his Dooley sto
ries, is a guest at the Palace.
P. L. Flannigan, a mining man of Reno,
is in the city for- a few days and has
made his headquarters at. the Grand..-.
Kit Chin, the well-known turf, man of
Kentucky, arrived here yesterday, accom
panied by his wife. He is at the Palace.
Joseph S. Spear, Surveyor of Customs,
and his wife, left last night for a visit
to Boston and other Eastern cities. They;
will return in thirty days.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— The following
Californians are In New York:
From San Francisco-^-F. Kos'ter, at the
Manhattan; Mrs. Bruguiere, H. P. Wilson,
at the Victoria; J. Calles, at the Sturte
vant; W. Gilwood, at the Sinclair; E. Jen
kins, at the. Morton: H. Law, ,at the
Grand Union; E. Martin and wife, at the
Herald Square; B. Mayers, at the Albert;
E. McGettigan, at the Grand; H. C. Min
ton, at the Savoy. '
From Los Angeles— H. F. Brewer, at .the
Kensington. • •
From San Jose — N. J. Stewart and wife,
at the Sturtevant.
From San Diego— W. H. Carlson, at the
Astor.
Sympathy From iNew Zealand
The Katipo, Auckland, N. Z.
.' We have fully appreciated In the
spirit which actuated the administration
the total cessation of' duty during the
hour corresponding to that at which the
mortal remains of the well-beloved and
honored President of the United States of
America were consigned to their unpre
tentious laBt resting place. Even were
our . relations with that great nation,
which some writer has said "holds the
future in the hollow of its hand," point
ing toward rupture, instead of a juxta
position that may, in a period which Is
short in the lifetime of nations, lead to
the consummation of an Anglo-American
alliance, we would deplore the loss which
Major McKinley's assassination has Im
posed; but in the light of present events
we feel •'• deeply the misfortune' of our
American cousins, and our warm j sym
pathy extends to the bereaved lady who
was for so many years a sharer in that
truly happy and edifying domestic life,
which ' shall for all time be associated
with the memory of the late President
McKinley.
Russian Frison Tortures.
A correspondent .of the Novosti has
boldly raised the question, Does torture
prevail in Russian prisons? In order, as
far as possible to get at the truth of the
matter barristers who" have had charge
of the defense of political prisoners and
nave had frequent intercourse with th^r
cents in the period preceding their- trial,
have been interviewed. None could, give
a certain answer. All were clear
that nothing of the kind takes place be
fore trial,, but none would answer for
what occurs once the portals of the con
vict establishment have closed upon the
condemned agitator. . Only one had any
direct evidence to offers He was a bar
rister who. defended Solovioff. who in 1S77
flred at' the*Emperor Alexander II. This
gentleman states that by chance he met
the car on which Sojovioff was being con
veyedfto the gallows. "His fingers," said
the , lawyer .with a shudder, "had to me
all the appearances of having been
crushed," and he added significantly, "I
think my eyes did not deceive me."
A Philosopher^— Wife— There is a burglar
down in the cellar,' Henry. ;
. .Husband— Well, my dear, we ought to.
be thankful that we. are upstairs.
. Wife— But he'll come up here. . * ;:«V:
Husband— Then we'll go down, in the cel
lar, my .dear. Surely a ten-room : house
ought to be big enough to hold three peo
ple without crowding.— Boston Traveller. ;
"Pa," said little Willie, "why do. they
speak of the 'milk in the cocoanut'? It's
more like water/' '■<>'. '-,- •-.;, •
"Exactly," replied Mr. Cltiman; "and
that's »why. they call it milk, very .prob
ably. "-Philadelphia ■ Record,
atlon. He tried to deed over the fortune that is comlns-^-n,000,00O
. —to the poor of St. Louis, but the Mayor promptly refused the
gift. This young man lives on what he can earn himself,: and
his chosen vocation \s to sell newspapers.
To every .poor man who buys a papery How has a word of
hope. He shrinks from the well-to-do and the socially promi
nent, for he knows they would know who he Is. . .
On his first day he earned 13 cents, and on the second the
total profit ran up to 23 cents. "Pussy" Heath, a star news
boy, has made himself a mentor for his friend, the man. who 1
to. be a millionaire, but whose ambition is to help the lowly
and the unfortunate. ; .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Do you know anything about history?"
asked one of the examiners.
"Yes, sir,'' said the boy who wanted to
be a West Point cadet. "I know. It. is
mostly lies."
This was thought at first to be a covert
thrust at Historian Maclay, and for a few
minutes the lad's fate hung in .the bal
ance, but eventually he passed.— Chicago
Tribune.
Miss Telllt— Susie Anteek says that
young Rimer, the poet, has written some
verses entitled "Lines to Susie's Eyes."
Miss Sezzlt— Well, I don't call it, very
kind of him to draw attention to her
crow's feet. — Baltimore American.
Bacon— Is your wife improving in her
cooking?
Egbert— Oh, yes! When I first began
to eat her food I had to have the doctor;
now I just have to. take some little thing
for Indigestion which I happen to have In
the house. — Yonkers Statesman.
. Vis oleomarsrarlne alone made from, the!
fat of cattle?" . . . .'," .. *-; .
"By no means. The goat also furnishes
a strong butter."— New- Haven Palladium.
"I sometimes think myself he's not a
good actor."
"Good? Why, I'm willing to bet even
his liver doesn't act right."— New Haven
Palladium.
"It is an error to allow automobiles to
whirr along even faster than the bi
cycles." ■ "S '
"Still to whirr is human."— Philadelphia
Times. , . •
Mr. Kennard— I had a very strange
dream last night, Lucie. I thought I saw
another man running off with you.
Mrs. Lucie Kennard— Well, and what did
you say to him?
Mr. Kennard— I asked him what he was
running for.— Town and Country.
"Oh, yes, he adores me. I've known It
for a fortnight."
"Then, what's bothering you?"
"What's bothering me? Why, I've got to
wait for him to find It out."— Brooklyn
Life.. .. : , "■..■■ -.: ..
De Wolf Hopper was once a witness in
a suit for slander, and the opposing coun
sel in the courtroom said:
"You are an actor, I believe?"
"Yes," replied Hcpper. • •
"Is not that a low. calling?"
"I don't know, but it's so much better
than my father's that I am rather proud
of it."
. "What was your father's calling, may I
ask?"' . .'
"He was a lawyer," replied Hopper.—
Detroit To-day.
"Now, Mary," said a mistress to her
newly .imported maid, "In- the kitchen
there is a pet tortoise, and I hope you will
be very kind. to It. Do you know a tor
toise when you .see one?". . . . , . ■
"No, mum; shure and what loike Is It?"
After having explained it to her the girl
went and brought it forth.
"Is that it, mum?"
• ."Yes."-" , i*?^%:''^'
"Shure. that is what Ol was using to
break the coals wld." — London Answers.
Marie B. of Waverly— No, Marie, just
because the young man writes you a let
ter on fly paper, you need not Jump at
the conclusion that he' is stuck on you.
No. indeed. — Baltimore American.
The naturalist was angry at his mis
chievous son. • •
."Young man," he sharply said, "when I
get you In the house! will take great
pleasure in giving you a handsome lick
ing."
The boy looked around.
/'You. must excuse dad," he said to the
assembled guests. "Sometimes he's a little
careless in his pronunciation. It's really
a lichen that he means to give me. Ain't
it, pa?"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Emperor and Berber.
Emperor , William of \ Germany has
taught his barber a lesson. Very punctual
himself, the Emperor Insists that his ser
vants shall also be punctual, and as he
noticed some time ago that his barber was
almost always a few minutes late when
the time came for shaving h.m he pre
sented him' with. a gold chronometer and
urged him to make good use of It.
.Much to his surprise the . barber con
tlnued^to be a- -few minutes late almost
every morning, and, after waiting in" vain
for some sign of improvement, -the Em
peror said to him the other day: *
•."Have you still the chronometer which
I. gave you?" ":
% "Yes, your Majesty, here It Is," replied
the barber, taking it from his pocket.
''Give ft to me," said the Emperor. "It
is evidently of no use to you and you can
have this one Instead." ■■.
With these words^he placed the hand
some gold chronometer on his dressing
table and handed 'to the amazed barber a
nickel-plated 1 watch worth about a dollar:
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NEILSOX-T. G., City. Adelaide .Nellr
son, distinguished actress, died in Paris la
1SS0. . - ' . .
SOUND-rS., City. It Is said -that on a
still day the human voice maybe heard
at a distance of 150 yards, rifle 5300 yards,
military band 5200 and caniion. 25,000.' r
CHIEF OF POLICE— R. S;. City. The
charter of San Francisco provides that
the chief of police shall be. appointed for
a period of four years and shall receive
ah - annual salary of $4000 a year. The
late William P. Sullivan St. was "ap
pointed chief on the 12th of February,
190O. : . ■ ; ; . ■• * .
THREE DOLLAR PIECES— Ed., City.
There Is a premium for 53 pieces of every
year from 1S54 to 1S62 down to .1SS9, ex
cept the years 1ST* and 1S7S. The premium
offered is from 23 cents to $23, according
to scarcity and condition. The date for
which I the highest premium Is offered is I
1873. I I
LIVE CATTLE-rS., City. The follow
ing is given as a method fofr determining
the weight of live cattle without tlj0.us.»
of scales: Take the girth and length In
feet, multiply the square of the girth- by
the length and multiply the product "by
3.36. The result will be the answer in
pounds. The live weight multiplied by
.605 gives a near approximation to the net
weight.
Late "Girl-Catchers."
The songs that are going the rounds of
New York just now and win SO on be
floating acros* the continent to San
Francisco are what are known in the
trade as girl-catchers. They are of the
"Annie Rooney" type so popular a few
years ago. On every street corner ycu'U
hear a crowd" of young men warbling
"Sweet Annie Moore," with a footnote at
• tached to it telling people to pronounce
"Moore" like the word "more."/ Here are
some of the words:' ? '-V; £
Owen Moore was the name of sweet Annie's
And he owned a bltr grocery store. ' ; .
Tho' " Owen was wllllnsr to pay what, he owed
Poor Owen kept on owing more. --;
Now business was bad and 'twas owinjf to this
From the neighborhood he moved his store,
I know he could borrow and banish this sorrow
If he'd only bring us back sweet Annie Moore.
■ CHORUS: } ' ■
Annie Moore, sweet Annie Moore/ . ,.~ '
. "We will never see sweet Annie any more.-
She went away, one summer's day. .-■■*•■
And we'll never see sweet Annie, any" more.
Other girl-catchers popular just now are
"Dolly Gray." "Mamie." "I Can't Tell
Why I Love You, But I Do" and "Sweet
Sixteen." They have taken 'the places
of the coon »ong3.. The favorite now at
Coney Island, the beaches and: on the ex
cursion boats is "Mamie." Here- is -a
little of it: •• V*
Mamie was. a girlie. Mamie was her name.
Everywhere that Mamie went something went
'. .the same. •• -■ •■ " . _;•
She took well at parties, very wen' In fact.
Mamie was a klepto-mamie. kleptomamiac
Once she took a notion in a dry goods' store,
•She would be a lady, that and nothing more.
But a bold floor walker made -her put it back.
Mamie took a sealskin, Mamie -got the sack.
CHOEUS.
M-M-M-M-Mamie. don't you ieel ashamie,
Tell me. are there any more at home like you.
Disposition shady, but a perfect lady, * ■
A beginner, but .a winner,. . ■:■-■.'■ - i.s-%
MAMIE. " .- .
Mamie took a Batcher, now she has the grip.
She took a case of whisky, then she took**
trip.
When in court next moraine Mamie took her
- place.
She had a Judge who' never drank so h«
threw out the case.
She took a line of streetcars, never took them
back.
They can never catch her. she didn't leave
a track.
She went into a coal yard and took the scales
one day.
But the scales were honest, they gave her a
weigh. ; . , y ■,
"Here la a bad egg," remarked the
■waitress as she passed It up. \'-V. '
"All right,", said the resourceful res
taurant keeper; "give it to* the .< bilious
man in the corner. He'll blame it on
his liver."— Detroit Journal. • '
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Tbwnsend. •
Choice candles. Towrisend's.-P&Iace Hotel*
Cat Glace Prult 50c per lb at ToyrAaen&'s.*
Best eyeglasses, specs'. 10c, 40c. Look out
for 81 4th St., front. barber, and grocery. *■
Special Information ~ supplied . dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau tAllen'a). &10 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043 •
Ice melts at 22. degrees, water boils at
212. lead melts at 534 and the heat of a
common coal fire Is 1140.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invlgorator. «
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCureftor Liver*. Ill v
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria:BIG WARSHIPS
FOR OUR NAVY
They Will Be of Larger
Displacement Than
Those in Use.
Secretary Long Sends a De
scription of Them to
Congress.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G street, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 2.—Battle
ships and armored cruisers of larger dis
placement than ever before built are pro
jected by the Navy Department.
Secretary Long has transmitted to Con
press a description of two battleships and
\ :wo armored cruisers, in accordance
with the provisions of the last naval ap
propriation. Each battleship will have a
maximum displacement at full load of
17.604 tons and each armored cruiser a
maximum displacement of 15,959 tons. The
battleships will be longer and have greater
beam than any in the United States navy.
Each ship will have length on its load
water line of 450 feet and an extreme
breadth on the local water line of 72 feet 8
inches. Regarding the sheathing and cop
pering, the Naval Board expresses the
opinion that "it is inadvisable to sheathe
and copper under the water the bodies of
armored vessels of large displacement."
Eleven inches is the maximum thickness
of the armor made by the Krupp process,
and all that is considered necessary or de
sirable for the battleships. In the case of
the armored cruisers, the maximum thick
ness has been reduced to six inches. As
regards the form of turret, the elliptical
balanced type with Inclined port plates is
considered the best. The board is of the
opinion that the most suitable types of
guns are those adopted for the ships un
der construction. It does not consider it
expedient to equip the battleships and
armored cruisers with torpedo tubes. The
woodwork should be reduced to a mini
mum and the type of propelling machin
ery should be twin screws, driven by en
gines of a vertical, triple-expansion type.
CLEVER MEN WILL BOX
AT THE RELIANCE CLUE
Excellent Card Arranged by Asso
*Y elation Across the Bay — Other
Contests.
Ring-goers will journey across the bay
to-night to take in the boxing exhibition
arranged by the Reliance Athletic Club.
The gymnasium of the club Is an ideal
one for holding contests of this kind.
Two thousand people can be easily ac
commodated. The manner in which the
club conducts its contests compares fa
vorably with the Olympic Club of this
city. The spectators are kept within
bounds. The president of the club al
ways admonishes the spectators not to
give way to boisterous conduct and his
request is never violated.
The card is a good one. Jack Capeliss.
the Reliance Club's best boxer, is to be
pitted against Frank McConnell of the
Keystone Athletic Club. The latter is a
pupil of Professor DeWitt Van Court. He
is not only clever, but possesses a knock
out punch. They will battle fifteen
rounds. "Spider" Welch, the lanky box>rr
who put away "Sharkey" Joe Fields the
night of the Jeffries-Ruhlin fiasco, is to
battle ten rounds with Tommy Gil
feather. Welch will find Gilfeather a
hard lad to beat, judging by the latter's
past record. The entertainment will open
with a four-round bout between Bobby
Johnson and Dick Cullen.
Gecrg^e Gardner and "Kid" Carter have
begun training for their coming twenty
round contest. The match will be brought
off before the San Francisco Athletic
Club on the 20th Inst. This will be their
third meeting. In former battles Gard
ner managed to get the decisions. Carter
claims he was not in good condition when
he last met Gardner. He will train as
faithfully for the coming fight as he did
for his contest with Walcott, whom he
defeated. As Gardner was beaten by the
"Barbadoes wonder." Carter's stock has
risen and the betting will be very heavy,
on the coming mill.
On Friday evening next the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club wil give its monthly
amateur exhibition. Manager Greggains
has arranged a fine card and thinks his
patrons will be pleased. The exhibition
was to have been given last Friday
night, but as it conflicted with the show
given by the Olympic Club, Greggains
postponed it a week.
SUEGEOST OF THE DORIC
STHICKEN WITH PARALYSIS
Dr. W. Lang Chapman Lies Danger
ously 111 and Physicians Fear
He Will Succumb.
Dr. W. Lang Chapman, surgeon of the
steamer Doric, lies dangerously ill at the
Occidental Hotel. He was stricken with
paralysis en Saturday evening in a
downtown restaurant while partaking of
some slight refreshments. Since the at
tack Dr. Chapman has not recovered
consciousness, and the doctors attending
him hold out slight hopes for his recov
ery.
Dr. Chapman has been surgeon of the
Doric for the past five years, and has
hosts of friends. His daughter. Miss
Chapman, is in Japan. Dr. Chapman In
tended bringing her home on the next
trip of the Doric.
Woman Wanted on School Board.
The California Club, which met in ex
ecutive session yesterday, decided to In
augurate a campaign to secure the ap
pointment of a woman on the school
board. The club selected the names of
Mrs. Lizzie Burke, Mrs. Mary Callahan,
Mrs. Mary Kincaid and Dr. Dorothea
Moore. The club also addressed a letter
to Mayor-elect Schmitz, asking him to
receive a committee composed of the
president and the vice president of the
club in reference to the matter.
Unsettled Weather Expected.
A small amount of rain fell in San
Francisco yesterday and In most parts
of the State north of Tehachapi. Utah
end Nevada were swept by unusually
heavy winds. Forecaster McAdle states
that unsettled weather may be expected
to-day.
! I CURE MEN !
5' /^¥^ With Lame Backs, g
§ ilir^ *V\ w ' |thWeakNerves > !
* * ifyA $S } i \ with Rheumatism, |
1 il£c -• with Lost Vitality, |
© tfs§/ \ v. r^ mi =<^^r^^ %vlt^ a^ those signs which tell a 5
« ?3r { n - '" "^""ll^^T man he is breaking down, losing q,
O i*\\ ** \ - / J$&3§v%? s £ r 'P- * have the remedy which £
q / Vv . ' j&&%0lijffl gives back that snap, fire and vim Q
Q ( '■ J'% \\\ w t^yi \s4$tl*%ffis<& °^ y° utn - My cures sell my Belt. ©
o I Jg£&k&^£^ hey P rove what I sa y abou t 5t - ®
2 • tv J Mr. A. C. Hammond. S3 Merchants' g\
© "eKv * TWKV'T^iTTffirTiijSM^'?* £ a j£t Exchange Builtilng, San Francisco, says: Jj?
© K^B^ "Your Belt has cured mn at the age of w
Ci "^ °f weakness in the back and kidneys. Q
a j-f ~ » / 7'V\ FfinByfflffinHiJi and has given me more vigor and sound A
rt tUs" > V^>' TBMtffiifiiffitfi^P health than I have had for years." q
2 A man is like a steam engine. It takes steam to make him go. My g
q Belt pumps that steam into him." %
O That's how it makes so many old men feel young. #
© Mr. A. Crawford. Pokegama, Or., eays: "I am 70 years old. but your belt has ©
q made me feel like 35!" ' Q
0 Try it, you weak man; you will find youth and vigor in it after 0
. O everything else fails. §
\b Call and test it. free, or I will send you my illustrated book, free, •
? if you will inclose this ad. q
S TX IK r* tk*T ¥ -. vUl^. 7O2 MARKET ST. ©
S Dr. M. C. McLavgnlin, $m \^asco. •
0 Office hours: Km to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BY, DRUG STORES. . Q
00000000099000000009O9 ••oe«e8«eoec6*«e*oeeeee
QUIET REIGNS
ABOUT PANAMA
Government Prepares to
Drive^Out Bands of
, . Liberals.
Insurgent Leader Wearies of
the Campaign and
Surrenders.
COLON, Dec. 2.— The city of Panama
continues . quiet. Following General Al
ban's orders, the Colombian gunboat Bo
yaca, towing a launch bearing soldiers,
has left there. . The destination of the
expedition Is reaprted to be Agua Dulce,
from which point the Government will
attempt to clear the remaining bands, of
Liberals from the "Department of Panama.
General Porras, the Liberal leader, is
supposed to be in the vicinity of Agua
Dulcc. American marines are still ashore
at Panama. •
Juan Antonio Jiminez, formerly a mem
ber of the staff of the insurgent General
Domingo Diaz, has come voluntarily to
Panama, where he surrendered to General
Aiban. General Diaz did not instruct Jim
inez to come in and surrender. The for
mer insurgent says he Is sick and dis
gusted with the campaign. After he had
surrendered General Alban put Jiminez in
a carriage and accompanied him to his
house. Upon arriving. General Alban said
to the wife of Juan Jiminez:
"Look; I have brought you your hus
band."
The British sloop of war Icarus has re
turned to Panama from South American
ports. -: : -
SMUGGLER CATJGHT WHILE
LEAVING STEAMSHIP DORIC
Joseph Alexander Arrested With Ar
ticles on Person, and His Brother
Also Apprehended. \
Joseph Alexander and^ George Alexan
der, brothers, working as" longshoremen
on the steamer Doric, were arrested yes
terday by Lieutenant Edward Durkin and
Inspector Edward Peppin of the Customs
service for smuggling. The prisoners
have been for several months under sur
veillance of the Customs officials.
Customs Inspector J. B. Peppin' con
cealed himself in the forecastle of • the
Doric on Saturday evening and overheard
Joseph Alexander In conversation with
the Chinese sailmak'er of the steamship.
The Inspector heard the Chinaman and
Joseph bargain for several silk caps, such
as are worn by engineers, which caps the
Chinaman took out of the folds of a sail
stowed away in his quarters. Alexander
was arrested as he was going off the
deck and two dozen caps were found con
cealed in his clothing.
The authorities are hesitating about
arresting the Chinaman, as he is not' en
titled to be landed and if arrested would
have a right to be released on bail and
this would cause complications under the
restriction act.
SUES CITY FOB, DAMAGES
CAUSED BY THE STBIKEBS
Plate Glass Insurance Company
Wants Loss Sustained Through
Riot Made Good.
The first suit arising out of the labor
riots which occurred in the city during
the strike of last summer was filed yester
day In the Justice's Court, and the City
and County of San Francisco is made the
defendant. On Saturday night, September
29, a number of strikers followed several
special police officers along Market street
to the intersection of Kearny street and
there opened fire upon them. The fire was
returned and a general shooting followed.
Some damage was done to the place
glass windows in the vicinity and the
New York Plate Glass Insurance Com
pany, which carried risks upon the win
dows in a number of the stores within
range, has commenced suit to recover the
damage caused by the wild shooting of
the strikers. Through its attorney, Hull
McClaughry. it alleges that damage to
the extent of $236 40 was done to the prop
erty.
The amount of the specific damage in
each case is made a separate cause of
complaint. The damage done to the win
dows of M. A. Gunst & Co., 25 Kearny
street, is said to be $61 60: that at Ra
phael's, Incorporated, $53 90; and that at
Abe Harshall's. 12 Kearny street. $90. In
cidental charges bring the total up to the
amount sued for.
Frying Pan Used in Family Fight.
As a result of a family row last night
Caesar Appel was arrested and charged
with battery, while J. Friedman was
treated at the Central Emergency Hospi
tal for bruises on his face. The quarrel
arose over a desira on the part of Appel
and his brother Jake, who reside at 1C4
Clementina street, to send Jake's moth
er-in-law to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. Friedman, who is the mother-iu
low's brother, objected, and- was beaten
by Caesar. During the fracas Mrs. Levy,
a neighbor of the Appels. struck Caesar
on the head with a frying pan.
City Has No Claim.
The City Attorney advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the city
has no claim to an interest in an alleged
street So feet wide, running from Jackson
street northerly 121 feet, in the block
bounded by Maple, Cherry and Jackson
streets.
Author Meiggs to Speak.
Charles D. Meiggs. the well-known au
thor, of Indianapolis, will speak to-night
at the meeting of the Sunday-school
forces to be held at the First United
Presbyterian Church, corner Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street
SUIT TO QUIET TITLE.— Elizabeth Kirsch
has entered suit In the United States Circuit
Court against Morris Wlndt. the Savings and
Loan Society and others to quiet title to a
house and lot at the northeast corner of Treat
avenue and Twenty-fourth street. The prop
erty is valued at J2000 and she claims to have
been defrauded out of it by her former hus
band, C. K. Kmil F. Kirsch. alias Kaufman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATjIj, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
SAILING VESSELS MAKE PORT
IN SPITE OF THE DENSE FOG
Bark Annie Johnson, Ship Wiscombe Park and Bark
entines Ruth and Tropic Bird Get In.
FLEET OF VESSELS MAKING PORT IN THE FOG. THE TROPIC BIRD ARRIVED FROM TAHITI, THE ANNIE
JOHNSON FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS AND THE MILTIADES FROM AUSTRALIA. ALL THREE
SAILED INTO THE HARBOR.
THE fog did not stop the wind
jammers from making port yes
terday. The tugs would not go
out, but nevertheless the vessels
were bound to come in. Early in
the day the barkentine Tropic Bird
showed up off the heads, and as soon as
her numbers were made out the tugs
made a rush to secure the tow. Captain
Johnson had his vessel well inside the
heads before the Relief showed up, how
ever, and decided to sail in, finally mak
ing an anchorage off the Presidio.
If the tug Relief failed to get a tow from
the Tropic Bird she did manage to pick up
the ship Wiscombe Park, 101 days out
from Newcastle. Aus., via Valparaiso 51
days. The Wiscombe Park started away
from Australia with a cargo of coal, the
intention being to discharge at.one of the
South American ports and then load nitre
for England. Instead there came the
story of the shortage of the wheat crop
in Russia and the Argentine and the sur
plus in California, The consequence was
that the vessel was headed this way and
came from Valparaiso in ballast. Her
charter of 37s 6d will more than pay ex
penses and she will reach her home port
with a dividend for the pockets of her
owners.
Came In Through the Fog.
Among the vessels that followed the
Wiscombe Park into port were the bark
Annie Johnson, barkentine Ruth, ship Mil
tiades and the steamer Mineola. The An
nie Johnson was fifteen days coming from
Hilo and has made the record run of the
season. The Ruth was twenty days com
ing from Mahukona and had one hard
gale to fight out on the way up. The Mil
tiades was fifty-nine days coming from
the Antipodes and the captain reports fair
weather up to the time of reaching the
California coast. This vessel, the Wis
combe Park and the Tropic Bird, which
was off port with them, were all in the
gale that raged off the coast and while
none of them suffered severely, all were
more or less injured
The Tropic Bird was thrown on her
beam ends and for a few minutes captain
and crew thought she was going down.
She righted herself and like the stout craft
she is. rode out the gale. and came in
without a rope yarn being "carried away.
Captain Jackson is proud of his vessel and
is deservedly so. A stouter craft than the
Tropic Bird does not sail through the
Golden Gate.
On the Wiscombe Park there was an ac
cident during the same gale. On Novem
ber 29 there was an order to shorten sail
and the starboard watch was ordered
aloft.
August Tell was on the mainyard, mak
ing fast a clew line when the order came
and just at that moment a squall struck
the ship and Tell was blown from the
yard to" the deck. Falling, he struck the
rail and went overboard. The vessel 'was
hove to and a boat lowered, but it was
like looking for a needle in a bundle of
hay and the unfortunate sailor was never
heard from again.
Seas Rise About Tropic Bird.
Captain Jackson said of his trip:
We had a good run from Tahiti and made a
splendid run to the equator. We were only ten
days getting .there, but after that we had a
terrible time with lieht and baffling winds. We
ran our course up to November 26 and then
there came a terrific west southwest Bea that
made the vessel roll gunwale under. On No
vember 29 our barometer was away down. I
felt sure ! there had been an earthquake anl
feared for my family in Alameda. Then the
sea began to pile up and now I can't under
stand wher« It came from. There was no wind
and the ship lay like a log for a time. All
of a sudden the seas came along: and for a
moment I thought we would roll some of the
masts out. I don't know whether you had any
disturbance ashore or not, but Friday night
we had one at sea that made itself felt.
Sierra's Sailing Postponed.
The sailing of the steamship Sierra,
•which was advertised for 10 a. m., De
cember 5, has been postponed twenty-four
hours on account of a delay in the arri
val of the English malls in New York.
She will now sail Friday, December 6, at
10 a. m.
Water Front Notes.
Uncle Sam's survey steamer Ranger did
not get to sea" yesterday. She Is manned
and coaled and ready to sail at a mo-.
ment's notice, but the Government does
not think it a safe proposition to send her
out in the fog.
The Nippon Mara from the Orient and
the Chile from South America are both
due this morning. The chances are that in
epite of the fog they will make their
docks in time.' i
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Doric sails to-day for China, She will
take away a very large cargo, but not
many passengers. Among those who will
go away in the cabin will be Bishop Part
ridge and his bride.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. • .
The British ship Marlon Frazer is chartered
for wheat to Europe at 35s.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed "yesterfday
for Victoria with a general cargo for British
Columbia valued at $12,130, including the fol
lowing merchandise and produce: 15,600 - lbs
dried fruit. 6 cs cartridges, 4152 tbs nuts, 5104
lbs raisins, .41 pkgs groceries and provisions,
1921 pigs lead,. 100 gaJs wine, 100 ca canned
goods, 600 Tbs cheese, 3270 lt>s millstuffs, 666 lbs
coffee,' 856 lbs chocolate. 150 tins matches, 19
pkss steel and iron. 3 rolls leather, 1 pkgr dry
goods, 162 • bxs • naste, 179 pkgs fruit and veg
etables, 1 pkg machinery. ,,*
The Kosmbs Liner's Cargo.
The . Kosmoi! line's steamer Totmes , was
cleared yesterday for Hamburg and way. ports
with an assorted . merchandise cargo valued at
$46,094, manifested and destined as follows:
For Mexico. -$1317; Central America. . $1331 ;
Ecuador, $50S2; Peru, $13,797; Chile, $3631; Ham-
burgr, $1115: London, $19,821. The following were
the principal exports:
To Mexico— 73 • bbls flour, 300 srals wine. 200
lbs dried fruit, 3 cs" paint and oils, 2 cs drugs,
400 Tbs soda, 3 ' cs canned goods. 26 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 300 tbs codfish, 852 lbs
bone ash, 2 cs acid, 20 cs coal oil, 6 bxs fruit,
2-cs dry goods, 14 crs potatoes and onions.
To Central America— 720 lbs tea, 300 bbls
flour. 100 lbs raisins. 360 lbs ham and bacon,
12 pkgs paints. and oils, 15 bx» apples, 180 lbs
codfish. 400 lbs spices.
To Ecuador— 1600 bbls flour, 6 pkgs shrimps.
43 cs canned goods, 200 lbs raisins, 500 lbs dried
fruit. •
To Peru— 1705 bbls flour, 6720 ctls wheat. 6000
railroad ties.
To Chile— 560 bbls .flour, 450 cs salmon, 17
pkrs machinery.
To Hamburg— 4 .cs 780 gals wine, 1224 lbs bees
wax, *4 bxs Drunes.
To London— 16,875 ctls barley. 265 cs honey,
20 cs pampas plumes.
Notice to Mariners.
CRESCENT CITY, CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the bell buoy
marking Fauntleroy Rock, Crescent City har
bor California, • has dragged somewhat to the
eastward toward the small sunken rock, and
no longer marks the channel. It will be re
placed as soon as practicable. ■
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1901," page 33.
By order iof the lighthouse board.
J. B. MILTON,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Btatea- Coast and Geodetic '-Surrey —
Times and Heights of - High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. *
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front , (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of j tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3.
Sun rises 7:09
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises .......0:08 a. m.
Time- Time. Tim« Tima
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
3 ... 6:56 6.5 12:19 2.1 6:04 4.0 11:46 1.2
4 .. C:45 -5.6 • 1:20 1.7 7:20 3.9...
LW H W L W H W
5 .. 0:41 1.6 7:30 5.7 2:10 1.1 8:30 4.0
6 .. 1:28 2.0 8:10 5.8 2:55 0.7 9:30 4.0
7 '.. 2:10 2.3 8:47 5.9 3:35 0.3 10:25 4.1
8 .. 2:50 2.6 • 9:21 5.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.3
8'... 2:50 2.6 ' 9:21 5.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.3
NOTE— In the ! above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights eiven are In
addition to the soundings of the "United. States
Coast Survey charts except when a minus (— >
sjgn precedes -the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean o(
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
.Steamer. - , From. Due.
Newburg....... Redondo Dec. 3
Sequoia Portland Dec. 3
Eureka Eureka Dec. 3
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 3
Chile Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 3
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan Dec. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports..... Dec. 3
Matteawan.... Tacoma Dec. 3
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay ....Dec. 3
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 4
San Pedro...:. Humboldt ...Dec. 4
Alliance Portland' & Coos Bay.. Dec. 4
Progreso • Dec. 4
American Nanaimo Dec. 4
Asuncion : Tacoma .... ...."... Dec. 5
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 6
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcm Dec. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. B'
Corona Newport & Way Ports Dec. G
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 5
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 6
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ....... Dec. 6
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria...,. Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. 7
North Fork .Humboldt Dec. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 8
Peru China & Japan Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alameda.. Honolulu ; Dec.'ll
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
' .TO SAIL. > «
j Steamer. . ., Destination. Sails. Pier.
• December 3. -
Empire COos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Arcata.. Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 4 pm Pier 13
Totmes....... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
Despatch..... Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 16
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Newburg.*.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Doric. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
. December 4.
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11'
Columbia....* Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
■ -December 5. •
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
KureKa twmboiat- .......... s umif.cr is
i December O. r •■'■
Sierra ..... Sydney & Way..... 10 am Pier 7
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance...... Portland & Coos B. ....... Pier 16
7. ' ;
Sequoia. .Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
roint Arena.. Point Arena........ Z pm Pier t
Corona .- Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro.... Humboldt- 2 pm Pier" 2
Umatilla...... Pugret Sound Ports 11 am Pier ; 9
Curacao.....i Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier U
Chile.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado..... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
-..':-■-- '.-December 8. ■ .
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Rival WHlapa Harbor... 5 pm Pier . 2
December O« .
G W". Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Ctty Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 1 pm PMSS
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Argyll.. N.. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
.-.-,.;■,--; • December : 1O. • • ' -■■, •■
North Fork.. Humboldt"" .-.. 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay...'. Coquille River .... 5 pmTler 2
, December , 11. >
Nippon Maru China & Japan... 1 pm PMSS
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. .1 From. Due. '
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Dirt go..:. ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. ' 4
Bertha......... -Valdez & Kodlak. :...... Dec. 10
Ell Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec. 15
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. December 2.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood. 106 hours from Na
naimo.
Stmr Cocuille River, Hansen, 22 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 17 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, 22 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Scotia,' Walvisr. 12 hours from Bowens
Landlnc
Stmr Edith, Hall, 120 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Ger ship Slam, Garlich, 173 days from Ham
burg, via San Diego 19 days.
Br ship Miltiades, Gambell, 59 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Br ship Wiscombe Park, Power. 101 days
from Newcastle, NSW, via Valparaiso 51 days.
Bark Annie Johnson, Williams, 15 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 33 days from Ta
hiti.
Bktn Ruth, Petersen. 20 days from Mahu
kona. -
CLEARED.
Monday, December 2.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Totmes, Paessler. Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckels^& Bros Co.
Bark Alden Hesse. Kessel, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December 2.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend. - •
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldeett,- Ventura.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, ~— i
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlggins, .
Ger stmr Totmes, Paessler, Hamburg and
way ports.
Bark Albert. Griffiths, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 2, 10 d m— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 1— Stmr Centennial,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 2 — Stmrs Al-Kl and Farallon.
from Ska»way.
NEAH BAY— Passed Dec 1— Br ship Gars
dale, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Returned to bay — Schr Anita, in distress. •
In bay Dec 2 — Bark Hesper, from Hastings
Mill, for Fremantle.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 2— Fr cruiser Pro
tet, for San Francisco; Br ship Sierra Blanca.
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 2— Nor bark Olivia,
from Panama; Br ship Riversdale, from San
Dieso.
Sailed Dec 2 — Bktn Addenda, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Elmore, from Tilla
mook.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 2— Bktn
Gardiner City, from Redondo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 2— Schr Emma
Utter, from San Pedro.
WILLAPA HARBOR— Sailed Dec 2— Bktn
Gleaner, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 2, 8:30 a m— Stmr Asun
cion, for San Francisco.
Sailed i Dec 2— Schr C S Holmes, for San
Francisco. »
Arrived Dec 2 — Stmr City of Topeka, from
Seattle.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec 2— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Port Los Angeles.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec ! 2— Stmr
Ruth, for San Pedro. '
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr North Fork,
hence Dec 1; stmr Meteor, hence Dec 1.
Sailed. Dec 2 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Ana, for Seattle.
Arrived Dec 2— Stmr South Coast, hence De
cember 1.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 2— Nor
stmr Titania, from Nanaimo.
Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Santa Rosa, from San
Francisco, and Bailed for San Diego.
WHATCOM— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Rainier, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 2— Schr Ludlow.
from Port Gamble; stmr Brunswick, hence
Nov 20.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 1— Schr Robert
R Hind, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Bailed Dec 2— Bark Pactolus,
for Newcastle. Aus, to load for Honolulu.
SUEZ— Arrived Dec 1— Br stmr Hyson, from
Tacoma.
HAMBURG — Sailed Nov 28 — Ger stmr Ruben
stein, for Santa Rosalia.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Nov 30— Br bark
Pomona, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 20— Br stmr Claver-
Ing, for Tacoma. Nov 30— Br stmr Coptic, for
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov 28— Schr Balboa,
from Port Blakeley. . ' ,.
VICTORIA-Salled. Dec 2— Bark Undaunted,
for Cape Town.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LEITH— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Imogen, from
San Francisco, Montevideo, etc, via Harklch.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 2 — Stmr Sarama
tlan, from Montreal. -
Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Rosarlan, for Portland;
stmr Ching Wu. for Seattle.
LONDON— Arrived D«c 2— Stmr Montevidean.
from Montreal. i.'-vl »
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Ivernla,
"brKMBN- Sailed Deo 1— Stmr Cassel. ■ for
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Calabra,
from Naples; stmr Friesland, from Antwerp.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco.. CaL.
December 2. 1901. '
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building ■ wan dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. in'.. Greenwich mean time.
/ W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. U. S. Navy, in Char**.
New Gaelic League Organized.
A branch of the Gaelic League was or
ganized in St. Francis Parish last Friday
evening under the name St. Francis Gae
lic League. The following temporary of
ficers were elected: i : ';''i" iJ Vj •■'♦
Chaplain. Re% C. McMahon; president.
P A Buckley; vice president. Miss
O'Reilly; financial secretary, James J.
Kilcommon;. treasurer, J. O'Leary. / •
■■' The meeting was addressed by Mr. Mil
let and Rev. C. McMahon. The meeting
adjourned until next Friday evening.
Knowlton Case Argued.
The case of H. ; W. Knowlton, now In
San Quentln as a result of disposing of
a gold brick.; and who is attempting to
secure ' his : release through ' a '. writ • of ha
oeas corpus, was argued .-before the Su
preme Court yesterday. No decision was
rendered . and the case : was ordered sub
mitted on briefs, c
FORMAL OPENING
OF EXPOSITION
Senator Depew Delivers
Oration in the Big
Auditorium.
President Roosevelt Sends
Greetings From the
White House.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Dec. 2.— The
South Carolina and West Indian Exposi
tion was formally opened to-day with
words of greeting from the President of
the United States.
An Imposing parade of military and
civic bodies escorted the guests of honor
to the exposition grounds, where they
took part in an appropriate programme
of exercises. All Charleston observed the
day as a holiday and the city was hand
somely decorated. The weather was
beautiful. After the parade the guests
assembled in the auditorium, where the
ceremonies took place. The invocation
was delivered by the venerable Charles
S. Vegder of the Huguenot Church, and
Captain F. W. Wagener, president of the
Exposition Company, and Governor M. B.
McSweeney, s'poke words of welcome.
Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, United
States Senator from New York, orator
of the day, was then introduced. At the
conclusion of the Senator's oration Presi
dent Wagener stepped to the wire con
necting the auditorium with the execu
tive mansion and sent greetings to Presi
dent Roosevelt. A few minutes later the
response was received.
A number of State days have been ar
ranged, the first being Utah. December
14 is the day assigned to that State.
The principal object of the exposition
is to give a true representation of
American progress and the possibilities
of the country, and particularly of the
Southern States. A commercial problem
at this -time confronts the South, and,
perhaps, the supreme purpose of the fair
is to solve it. The great advance in the
number of cotton mills constructed and
the output of finished products- has cre
ated a surplus of cotton goods. Of this
product China was at one time the larg
est consumer outside of the home mar
kets. The recent disturbance in that
country, however, has virtually paralyzed
the markets and the home surplus multi
plies. The exposition site occupies about
160 acres of land on the bank of the Ash
ley River. The architecture of the build
ings follows closely the styles which were
introduced at the Chicago World's Fair.
The number of great departmental
buildings Is eleven, cotton, hall of agri
culture and minerals, and forestry build
ings, and structures devoted to women,
art, negro, and machinery.
The cotton palace covers 50,000 square
feet of ground area.-
The United States Government, in spite
of the failure of Congress to make an ap
propriation, has a display here, the Ex
position Company having provided the
necessary accommodations for the Gov
ernment exhibit recently seen at Buffalo.
/The Court ot Palaces, around which
the main exposition buildings are
grouped, is 1200 feet in length and over
900 feet wide. This court contains 1,650,000
square feet, and one of its unique fea
tures is a sunken garden filled with
tropical plants grouped around an elec
tric fountain.
The woman's department is under the
direction of Mrs. Sarah Calhoun Simonds,
a grandniece of the great statesman,
John C. Calhoun.
"UNHAPPY COUPLES APPEAL
TO COTTBTS FOR BELIEF
Wife of Third-Street Hatter Claims
He Pelted Her "With
Oysters.
| Charles J. Quinn, proprietor of a hat
store at 136 Third street, Is being sued
for divorce by his wife, Marguerite J.
Quinn. He is accused, of treating her
cruelly. The various acts/ of cruelty
which Mrs. Quinn alleges he is guilty of
range from, cursings to beatings, and on
one occasion Mrs. Quinn says he pelted
her with oysters. They were married in
April, 1900, and have one child.
Olive Mary Jordan is suing Robert S.
Jordan for divorce on the ground of cru
elty and desertion. She alleges in her
complaint, which was filed yesterday,
that he has beaten her black and blue
on many occasions since their marriage
at Marion, Ohio, in April of this year.
She says she suffered great mental an
guish by reason of his threatening con
tinually to kill her tnd then commit sui
cide. She closes her tale of woe by al
leging that last August he deserted her.
A suit for divorce was filed by Sarah
Bernstein against Hugo Abraham Bern
stein for cruelty.
Divorces were granted to Marie Web
ling from Arthur Webling for failure to
provide: Charles J. Bower from Rosalind
H. Bower for desertion, arM Daniel Mc-
Neill from Alice . McNeill for extreme
cruelty.
G. H. Mendell Asks Damages.
George H. Mendell, a railroad man,
filed a suit for : damages • yesterday
against R. G. Gorrill, president of the
Paciflo Car Equipment Company. Men
dell says Gorrill induced him to invest
$3500 in the company, which was organ
ized for putting on the market a patent
air brake device, which, according to
Mendell, "was not. of any account. Not
withstanding the fact that Gorrill said it
was a valuable investment. Mendell's
suit is to recover the amount he in
vested. ."••'; ■. ■
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAKE HAIR PREPARATIONS.
Bo Hair Ho Good, but Often. Cause it
to Fall Out.
Many hair preparations are "fake"
because they are merely scalp Irritants.
They often cause a dryness. making- the
hair brittle, and, finally, lifeless. Dan-
druff, Is the cause of all trouble with
hair. ' It is a germ disease. The germ
makes cuticle scales as It digs to the
root of the hair, where it destroys the
hair's vitality, causing the hair to fall
out. To cure dandruff the germ must be
killed. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect." Newbro's Herplclde Is the
only hair preparation that kills the dan-
druff germ, thereby leaving the hair to
grow luxuriantly. -
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu- -
facturers* district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, > railroad and .
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
Every Week Day—
VT - Rain cr Shine.
.xEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:13 u. tn. tharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. - Last ■ two cars on train reserved . for
ladles and their escorts: no smokies. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect . with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrics
cars co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
; Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.'
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CUAS. F. PRICE. Stcy. and lUr.
AMTJSEME3TTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSB.
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Under the direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT at 7:43, "TRISTAN UNO
ISOLDE." Louise Reuss-Belce and Lout««
Homer: Van Dyck. Blspham, Muhlmann and
Ed de Reszke. Conductor, Damrosch. ,
To-morrow Ev'g at 8, joint appearance and
farewell performance of Mm* Calve and Mme.
Sibyl Sanderson. "CARMEN." Calve and
Sibyl Sanderson; Sallgnac. Declery and ScottL
Conductor, Flon.
Thursday Aft.. Dec. 5. at 1:45. farewell m*t-
lne*. "TANNHAUSER." Gadskl and Reuss-
Belce; Dippel, Blass and Blspham. Conductor.
Damrosch.
Thursday Ev'g, Dec. 5, at 7:45, farewell
night and last joint appearance of Mme.
Emma Eamcs and Mme. S«mbrlch In Mozart's
opera.. "LE NOZZE D I FIGARO" <Th« M*r-
rlage of Figaro). Eames, Frltzl ScheS and
Sembrtch: Campanarl and Ed d* Reszke. Con-
ductor. Seppilll.
Prices. %Z. $3. U and $3. Seats now on sale at
the Box Office.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
Grand Opening of the Stock Star Season.
FRIDAY EVENING. DEC. «.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Limited Starring Engagement of
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress.
In the Original Version of the Famous Play.'
The Crust of Society
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. Me. 60c. 75e.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c.
TO«NIGHT ONE WEEK.
E\J MIUIS 1 • Ma tl ne e Saturday,
Wm. A. Brady and Joseph Grismer*» N. Y. :
Manhattan Theater Success.
A STRANGER ™ a
H STRANGE LAND
The Brightest Comedy Seen in Years.
SEATS READY.
NEXT— Sunday, the young romantic actor.
S. MILLER KENT, presenting Nat C. Good-
win's great success, "THE COWBOY AND
THE LADY." by Clyde Fitch. ■
Complete New York Knickerbocker Theater
Production. ,.
SEATS THURSDAY. ■
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO,
Last Nights of
"THE GEISHA."
Thursday Night and Rest ot We«k,
"A GAIETY GIRL."
MONDAY. December 9— Last Week.
"i*r tovtn."-
POPULAR PRICES ....23c. 50c and TSm
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA SSS
Every Night This Week— Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Best oi All N. Y. Sue erases,
famous ' "nrrU/N fMWI
FUNNY FARCE, lilU 1711/1
From Maxim's."
Wittiest and Cleverest Farce Paris ever sent
us. The Sauciest Girl that ever Winked
across the Footlights.
NEXT MONDAY— JEFFERSON de ANGEIJ8,
In the Operatic Novelty,
"a. royal Rooua."'
flVH HATR eT*A ►
BELASCO & THALL Manager*
ALL. THIS WEEK.
AHENEMY TD THE KIHG.1
KOBT. STEPHENS' Successful Romantle
Drama. " T'
First Time at Popular Prices.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Superb Costumes! Brilliant Production t
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
SEATS ON SALE « DAYS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES^15c. 23c. 35c, 60c and 75c
NEXT "CHRISTOPHER JK."*
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Diamond's Parisian Minstrels, Wat-
den and Shepherd, the Onllaw Trio,
Andy Lewis and Company, Mile.
Taglione, Goleman's Trained Dogs
and Cats, Kaufmann Troupe, and-
the Biograph. Positive appear-
ance of La Tortajada.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Operm
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
BJEpASCO '"BTHAlJC&^jrftt
TO-NIGHT-ALL THft "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Dion Boucicault'a Great American Drama. Th«
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Big Scenic Production of the Year..
See the Great Fire Scene. i
Startling Effects— Exciting Climaxes.
DOtrFS Evenings 10c to 50c
rAivEj Matinees 10c. 15c.. £Se
Next Week-'THE ELECTRICIAN."
EDER JAI
Central PaTk To-Day at 2 P. M.
3-RATTLING^OOD GAMES-3
CAREAGA AND ONDARIES
VERGARA AND ZABALA
LECETA AND ALDARBAL
TUCMAN JfcND GUERRTTA
ZALACAIN AND AMIANO
VS
ZUBICARAY AND MADRILENO
riOPUUP'Q CONCERT HOUSB
mmf CHARITY MARTIN: John Desmond:
th? Four SVners: Blanche Reynolds: Ben Lu-
cler- Dunnins and Grimm: Oro. Bernard and
Oro" and Hlnrichs- Orchestra. Reserved Seat.
25c. Matinee Sunday.
Weekb CalL $1 uer Teai
78
SUPERVISORS
SOUND ALARM
Creation of State Com
mission Strongly
Opposed.
Would Nullify Local Author
ity to Fix Rates on
Utilities.
Supervisor Braunhart introduced a res
olution at yesterday's meeting of the
board having for its object the defeat of
the proposed constitutional amendment
whereby a State commission is sought to
he created with extraordinary powers.
These powers comprise the fixing of rates
to be charged by railroad, water, electric
light, power and express companies, and
to make regulations concerning the same.
The resolution, which was referred to the
Judiciary Committee, reads:
Whereas, The said State Commission is to
be in every respect, so far as relateb to all and
every ttae said rates and charges hereinbefore
mentioned, and all and every the matters and
things howsoever connected with performing
said service and furnishing and supplying- said
commodities, the successor under the consti
tution and laws of the State of the Boards of
Supervisors and city and county or city or
town Councils and other covernins bodies or
body of toe eeverai counties, cities and coun
ties, cities and towns of the State, with the
came vcwera, authorities and duties now es
tablished by the constitution and laws of the
estate, or hereafter to be established by the
Legislature, "excect where the latter may con
flict with this section"; and whereas, it Is also
clothed with power to exact a license from, ail
persons encased in any of the specified busi
nesses, or desiring to engage in them, and to
fix the amount of such license, which shall be
conclusively deemed jast and reasonable; and
A Pernicious Proposition.
"Whereas, this State Commission is to be com
posed or five members, the first set to be ap
pointed by the Governor for two, four, six,
eight and ten years, and afterward they are
to be elected at the general elections for terms
of ten years, their salaries to be JboOu per an
' num. with power to appoint as many attaches
as they eee nt; and wnereas, the amendment
prescribes tha.t said commission is to be the
successor and absorber of a large measure of
the local authority of every political subdi
vision of the State, it should be the duty of all
friends of local self-government to exert every
effort to secure tae defeat of this pernicious
proposition, framed in the interest of corporate
greed and aggrandizement. Now, therefore,
be it
Resolved, By the Board of Supervisors of the
city t>nd county of S<ui Francisco that it here
by pledges itself to do all within Its power to
• compass the defeat of this insidious ana ob
noxious amendment, and be it further
Resolved, That the Mayor is tereby au
thorized and requested to appoint a commit
tee of five members of this board, whose duty
it shall be to communicate, consult and co
operate with all Boards of Supervisors. City
Councils and Town Trustees tarouuhout the
State, and take such further steps as may be
necessary to defeat said constitutional amend
ment number 2S.
Public Utilities and Improvements.
The City Attorney was asked for hi3
opinion as to the legral manner of sub
mitting propositions for the acquisition
of public utilities and improvements to a
vote of the people and to clear up certain
ambiguities in the charter on the sub
ject. The City Attorney was also asked
to pa&s on the sufficiency of declaratory
ordinances on the acquisition of water
works and a municipal street railroad, as
amended by the Judiciary and Utilities
Committee and whether the bills must be
published fourteen or nineteen days.
The petition of S. C. Mott and William
Kellner for permission to hold a series of
bull-fighting exhibitions was denied.
An ordinance was passed to print
changing the name of Primrose street to
Carmelita.
A resolution of intention to change the
grades on Polk street, between Chestnut
and Bay, was adopted. •
The resolutions passed out of respect to
the memory of the late Chief of Police
Sullivan were ordered engrossed.
The Printing Committee was authorized
to enter into a contract to photograph
the members of the board at a cost of
$75.
A resolution was adopted appointing an
advisory committee of five, consisting of
Dr. D. B. Todd. K. Welch and Charles
Milly and two members of the Merchants'
Association, to recommend sites other
than the Bay View Farm for the erec
tion of a pesthouse thereon.
Curtis introduced an ordinance fixing
the license tax on professional boxing ex
hibitions at $250 each. The bill, together
•with Reed'B measure fixinpr the license at
55000 per annum, was referred to the
Joint Committee on Judiciary and Police.
rEOSECTJTTNG ATTORNEY
SCORES ROBERT "WILSOU
Case of Ex-Policeman, Charged With
Murder of Maggie Hartwell,
Is Closed.
The trial of Robtrt G. ■Wilson for the
murder of little Maggie Hartwell on the
evening of July 4 of this year, which has
been going on in Judge Dunn's court for
the last week, was closed yesterday, so
far as the taking of testimony and the
presenting of the case by the • attorneys
for the defense and prosecution was con
cerned. The case will be submitted to th'e
Jury this morning.
Assistant District Attorney John T.
Greany. who has been prosecuting the ex
policeman on the murder charge, deliv
ered a Bcathins speech in presenting his
case to the jury. He told of the cruel
end of the 13-year-old girl. How an old
man, who, forgetful of the days of his
own youth, lost his temper and deliber
ately took the life of a happy little child
■whose only thought was of th« Joy she
was having with her playmates.
Greany was followed by Robert Ferral
end Judge Bahrs, who defended Wilson.
Both - these lawyers reviewed the testi
mony given by the witnesses at the trial
fr.il «xied to show that the shooting, if
It haj been done by their client, was ac
c'cmtal. • ' ;» ; • -fi
Proposes Another Experiment.
The Merchants' Association has ad
<*.: 'd a communication to the-Board of
Public Works asking permission to pave
a r.'umber of street crossings in vitrified
brick. The Board of Public Works is
asked to determine the crossings where
the experiment may be made. The ■work
*ril! be done at the expense of the asso
ciitirn.
\ AJ> VEB-TIBEMENTS.
TEE LITTLE ONES NEED
THE BEST !
Halt Breakfast Food
W!I Build Them Up in Flesh.. Bone,
and Muscle.
Malt Breakfast Food Is the only cereal
food that children will use and relish from '
day to day. It has a delicious flavor and
does not pall on the taste as other grain
foods do.
Oatmeal and other forms of grain foods,
0-wlrg to the presence of Insoluble starch,
are Injurious to the stomach and diges-
tive organs of the little ones, and fre-
quently give rise to overheated blood and
dangerous skin eruptions.
Malt Breakfast Food Is easily digested
by the youngest children; it quiets the
stomach when Irritated and gives restful
Bleep. Malt Breakfast Food Is specially
reccmirended for the babies after wean-
Ing. It affords all the elements for solid
flesh forming, bone and 4 muscle building.
Thousands of mothers are . bringing up
young children on Malt . Breakfast Food.
Try It, mothers; it will give you pleasing
results. Grocers everywhere. ■• '
BOARD PROPOSES
NEW PLAYGROUND
Supervisors Order Ap
praisement of South
side Block.
Fence at Foot of Twentieth
Street May Remain as
Safeguard.
As a preliminary to the proceeding of
submitting to the electors the proposition
of acquiring grounds suitable;for recrea
tion In the district south of Market street
and east of Twelfth street, a resolution
was adopted by. the Board of Supervisors
yesterday directing the Board of Public
Works to appraise the value of the lands
contained In the block bounded by Harri
son, Seventh, Bryant and South streets.
This site was recommended by the Park
Commission for the proposed playground.
Later in the meeting the Board of
Works filed its appraisement of the block,
on part of which tho Board of Educa
tion has established a playground. It is
divided into two portions by Gordon
street, the smaller being valued at $137,
840 for real estate and $&6,200 for improve
ments. The larger portion , is valued at
5361,580 and the value of the whole block
is placed at $585,620.
The Board of ~Works filed a report that
the best mode of making connection with
Bernal Heights is to extend Folsom street
southerly to Cortland avenue and con
struct thereon a cable road with transfer
privileges with existing electric roads near
the present southerly terminus of Fol
som street. In the communication, how
ever, is no estimate of the cost of the
work owing to lack of time. >*■
Petitions were filed by the citizens and
taxpayers in the University Mound dis
trict requesting that a resolution allowing
certain fences to be maintained in that
district be rescinded. The petitioners
claim they were unable to reach their poll
ing places on election day and the Board
of Works In permitting the obstructions
to remain is causing Inconvenience.
The Market Street and Eureka Valley
Improvement Club petitioned for the
transfer of a school lot on Sixteenth street
between Park and Prosper streets.
Mary T. Gaff, administratrix of the
estate of Owen Riley, deceased, filed a
claim for $125 damages, alleged to have
been sustained by the loss of a horse.
Fence on Twentieth Street.
The Board of Public Works presented
the application of the Rlsdon Iron Works
to temporarily maintain a fence across the
extereme end of Twentieth street, between
Louisiana and Maryland. The board stat
ed that it had no jurisdiction in the prem
ises as the Supervisors have exclusive
authority to grant such permits.
Chief Heath of the Bureau of Streets re
ported that the petition If granted will
only close the traffic created by the Ris
don and Union Iron Works and none
whatever by the general public. Heath
recommended that the petition be granted
with the condition that a gate in the same
be kept open throughout the day. The
fence will serve to prevent accidents to
others than employes on account of the
switching of freight cars on the street.
A resolution was passed to print author
izing the payment of $601 35 out of the
urgent necessity fund 'to James D. Phe
lan, chairman of the Supervisors' com
mittee to call the Anti-Chinese Exclusion
Convention.
Theodore F. Payne and Warren Payne
petitioned that the report of the Board of
Works regarding obstructions on Third
street be taken from the file and duly
considered.
Oppose Extensions of Time.
The practice of granting extensions of
time to contractors on public work came
in for much . criticism.
The ordinance granting- the contractors
an extension of ninety days wherein to
complete the construction of a culvert in
Trocadero gulch was opposed by Reed,
who said it was the third extension asked
for. Reed held that the policy of grant
ing extensions on public contracts j is
wrong. He Baid that the contractors were
in the habit -of accepting contract after
contract without regard to what they al
ready had on hand. Chairman Curtis of
the Street Committee explained that the
Board of Works had recommended the
extension and the ordinance was passed
to print. .
An extension of time was also granted
to the contractors who are repaving Polk
street because. the work has been delayed
on account of the labor troubles.
Russell P. Dunn, who filed an offer to
sell to the city the Visltacion Water
Works, with certain other water works,
rights and franchises, petitioned that a
time be set for the consideration of the
proposition. The petition was referred to
the Utilities Committee.
The Mayor filed a recommendation that
a bookkeeper be appointed in the Bond
and Warrant ' Clerk's office, also that tho
Auditor be authorized to employ ten tem
porary clerks. Ordinances on the subject
were passed to print.
EPISCOPALIANS THANK
POLICE DEPARTMENT
Executive Committee of the Diocese
of California Sends Letter to
. Chief Wittman.
Chief of Police Wittman received the
following communication yesterday from
the executive committee of the diocese of
California of the Episcopal church:
The executive committee of the diocese of Cal
ifornia desires to extend most sincere thanks
both for themselves and in behalf of all our
church people to the San Francisco Police De
partment for courtesy and co-operation in wel
coming and entertaining the General Convention
during fts recent session in our city.
As citizena of California we feel a renewed
pride in San Francisco's well-known and long
establlshed reputation for hospitality, and it is
most gratifying to note that our distinguished
guests, from all parts of the world, constantly
and freely express themselves as most favor
ably impressed with the many and varied at
tractions of our city and also with the uniform
and universal graciousness of our citizens, one
and all. and the executive committee would
hereby make grateful acknowledgement of the
important share borne by you in the accom
plishment of bo happy a v result.
The communication was signed by
Bishop William F. Nichols, W. B. Hoop
er. W. H. Crocker. R. G. Foute. Francis
Avery, W. A. M. Van Bokkelen and J. A.
Emery.
Saved the Body From Dissection.
Just as the professors in the College of
Physicians and Surgeons were about I to
dissect the body. of the late Patrick M.
Levy, a hostler, who died in Indigent
circumstances on November 13, a tele
phone message came from the Health
Board to cease operations. The board
had received' a communication from Mrs.
C. Dowling, a niece' of Levy, residing in
New York,- claiming the body. Under or
ders from the Health Board the body
will be held subject to the wishes of
Mrs. Dowling. i t • •; -
Threw Plates at Cook.
George King, a cripple, and John P.
Rice, an ex-soldier, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday on charges of ma
licious mischief and disturbing the peace.
King was convicted on both charges and
Rice was acquitted. The evidence showed
that they went into a ! restaurant . at 323
Pacific street Sunday night and ordered
a meal. King objected to the cooking and
began to' throw plates at the cook, Z.
Mathews, who had his hands badly, cut
by catching them. King broke J5 worth
of plates. He will be sentenced this
morning". : r ;-^
Turkey ' Baffles Must Cease.
Chief Wittman issued the following or
der yesterday to company commanders:-
Complaint* have been made to me that the
various turkey ' raffles now being conducted in
the different parts of the city are being used
as a blind for gambling games. I have caused
an independent investigation to be made and
find that the complaints are based upon fact,
although I notified the company commanders
not to allow it. Tou will therefore stop all
these so-called raffles at once. ..
CUSTOM HOUSE CHANGES.— Ernent J.
Mott has been appointed a stenographer in the
customs service at a salary of $1200 per annum.
This is a new position. Fred W. : Lewis, opener
and canner, and E. E. Enlow, customs Inspec
tor, have . exchanged places, Mr. Enlow being:
a sufferer ' from asthma and not being able to
endure night work along the wharves- .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAIL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
DOLLS FROM EVERY LAND
WILL BE ON EXHIBITION
Splendid Show to Be Held in Maple Room
in Aid of Charitable Institution.
THE much talked of international
doll show will be opened this aft
ernoon in the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel. It is to be held un-
der the auspices of the officers of
the Protestant Episcopal Old Ladies'
Home. The proceeds are to be devoted to
that institution. , ,
The dolls number 400 and were sent
from Boston. The playthings of the chil
dren of all nations have been exhibited
all over the country and the interest tak
en in them is remarkable.
A doll typical of California will be add
ed to the collection. It will be presented
by the lady managers and will be worthy
of a prominent place in the wonderful ex
hibition. Names .uave been suggested for
the California beauty and a vote will be
taken on the following names: Carme
lita, Dolores, Ramona, Juanita, Marl
quita, Mercedes, Ynez and California.
Other names will be suggested by resi
dents throughout the State, who will be
given an opportunity to vote.
The Protestant Episcopal Old Ladies'
Home Is a worthy institution. It affords
a shelter for aged and infirm old ladies.
It has no State aid and is supported en
tirely by voluntary contributions.
The board of managers^will have the
assistance of an auxiliary committee,
among them lurs. Louis N. Monteagle,
Mrs. M. B, Kellogg, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. B.
G. Crane and Mrs. R. J. Morrison. '
Committees appointed:
Doll table No. 1— Mrs. J. V. D. Mlddleton,
Mrs. John Landers. Doll table No. 2 — Mrs. A.
M. Prindle, Mrs. .George "Wellington. Doll ta
ble No. 3— Mrs. George W. Kline, Mrs. E. M.
Spalding. Doll table No. 4— Mrs. George S.
Baker, Mrs. M. A. Kamus. Doll table No. 5—
Mrs. Alfred Clarke. Mrs. F. L. Southack. Doll
table No. 6— Mrs. J. F. D. Curtis, Mrs. E. J.
Lion.'
Christmas doll table — Mrs. John I. Sabln and
Miss Sabin. Fancy table— Mrs. E. C. Glbbs, Mrs.
M. B. Kellogg. Grab bag— Mrs. James New
lands and Miss Newlands. Home delicacies-
Miss Irene Lamb, Mrs. Philip Caduc.
Reception committee— Mrs. B. E. Babcock,
Mrs. Jj. C. Sanford, Miss Selby and Mrs. R. J.
Morrison.
Entertainment committee— Mrs. Philip Caduc,
Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, Mrs. S. L. Foster and
Mrs. George Sneath.
The Old Ladies' table will be presided
over by a number of the ladies residing
at the home and will display many pretty
and useful articles— their own handiwork.
On this table there will be. a dainty book
let of poems 'by Mrs. Amelia Cary, con
taining four poems, entitled "The Old La
dies' Home," "Our Martyred President,"
"The Old Mission Bell" and "Mother's
Birthday."
Elaborate musical programmes will be
rendered under the direction of Messrs.
N..I. Sabin. W. H. Holt, W. R. Lucy and
L. H. Eaton. Light refreshments will be
served afternoon and evening after 2
o'clock. • .
To-morrow evening's programme will
be under the direction of Wallace A. 3a
bln, organist of St. Luke's church. Dr.
Rottanzi has consented to sing the To
reador song from "Carmen.".
A Chanukah entertainment and ball will
be given by the Ladies' Auxiliary of the
Congregation Beth Menachim Streisand
next Sunday evening. The funds derived
from the affair will be devoted to the
building fund. The programme arranged
for the "occasion Is an excellent one.
Baby Viola, the juvenile "coon shouter,"
who has scored a hit by her clever char
acter work on the stage, will be a feature
of the entertainment.
On Friday evening the Native Sons of
Vermont will hold their monthly enter
tainment and ball. The Imperial Lady
Minstrels, under the direction of "W. W.
Brackett, will furnish the entertainment.
Mrs. Ed Burns will be interlocutor, Misa
Alice- Caswell and Miss May Jordan,
bones, and Miss May Malone and Miss
Annie Ragatt, tambos.
On Saturday afternoon a bazaar will
be given at the home of Mrs. Rideout for
the benefit of the Presbyterian Orphan
age and Farm
♦ ♦ ♦
'St. Alban's Literary and Social Society
will give - its . next monthly social "on
Thursday evening next,' In Golden Gate
Hall. A programme wllL* be rendered un
der the direction of Mr. .Travers.
- Preparations for the wedding of Miss
Norma Preston and Worthington Ames,
which is to be celebrated on.:. Monday
afternoon, December 16, are 'under way.
The affair promises to be a brilliant one.
The ceremony will be held at 3 o'clock in
Grace Episcopal Church. The sacred
edifice will be beautifully decorated for
the ocaslon. .
Miss Maud O'Connor .will give a tea at
the Occidental this afternoon.
The ladies of St. James Episcopal Mis
sion of the Richmond district opened
their Christmas fair yesterday afternoon
In Richmond Hall, corner of Fourth and
Clement avenues.: Judging by the large
crowd present in, the afternoon and even
ing it will prove a success. . The hall has
been attractively decorated with lanterns,
varl-colored streamers, ferns and flowers.
The booths, with their, loads of fancy ar
ticles, are very pretty. Last night, when
the lights were aglow and the hall crowd
ed with gayly dressed women, the scene
was a brilliant one.
The festival is under; the." management
of the societies of the -Mission and each
society Is represented by a booth. Tho
ladles are sparing no effort to make the
fair a memorable event in the history of
St. James Mission, for whose benefit it
Is being held. Each night a musical pro
gramme will be rendered by the members
of the Musical and Orchestra Society of
the district. - ■ ' '
One of the most attractive booths is In
charge of the Ladies' Aid Society. It oc
cupies space In the center of the hall and
is artistically crowned with an arch .of
colored streamers. It is further decorat
ed with potted ferns. Many useful and
fancy articles, v suitable ■ for Christmas
presents, are displayed " for : sale at - - this
booth. The booth is under the charge of
the following ladies of the; Aid Society:
Mrs. F. Halght, ; Mrs. drge "< R. ~ Fletcher,
CLEVER -MITE WHO WILL AS
SIST AT THE CHANUKAH
ENTERTAINMENT.
Mrs. Vincent, Mrs. Charles Sievers, Mrs. Som
mers, Mrs. L». Searer and Mrs.' C. Seely. ~
The Woman's Auxiliary booth has red
and white for its distinctive -colors and
is under the management of the following
ladies: • j ,. ; V ...-
Mrs. F. Newberry, Mrs. and Miss Barnard,
Mrs. Richards, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. Peshon,
Mrs. de Cortini, Miss Flora de Cortini, Miss
Kirkpatrick and Mrs. Cummings.
The Young Communicants' booth Is in
charge of Mrs. S. J. Lee and .she is as
sisted by young Communicants. The flow
er booth, which is an annex of the Young
Communicants' booth is in charge of Mis3
Ella Fletcher.
• ■ • •
Bishop and Mrs. Partridge (nee Simp
son) have returned from their honeymoon
trip south and are now staying at the
Occidental. They will remain at that
hostelry until they depart for Japan. Be
fore they leave, Consul and Mrs. Simpson,
parents of the bride, will give them a
farewell dinner.
The Salvation Army is preparing for its
annual Christmas dinner for the poor.
Following the usual custom the organiza
tion is sending forth appeals for financial
assistance and food to feed the destitute.
Following 1 is an extract from a. letter is
sued by Colonel French, leader of • the
Army on this coast:
Around us at this time are numerous cases
of destitution and poverty and, at this season
of • fe»tivlty and rejoicing, we wish to help
cheer these destitute people by giving them
a hearty and substantial dinner. : . „, • ; :
Last Christmas, throughout the country, the
army gave dinner to upward of 160,000 persons.
In San Francisco over 2000 people were pro
vided for. It is our aim at this time to pro
vide for equally as many, if not more. We
ask for your assistance, feeling sure that your
hearty sympathy will be enlisted for this un
dertaking.
* "'.• ♦
The Bohemian Club was the scene of
two brilliant gatherings last evening.
Stars of the opera were in the ascendant.
Frltzi Scheff ' was the guest of honor at
a supper. party given by Ed M. Greenway.
The repast was a dainty one and the deco
rations very beautiful. Mr. Greenway
proved an excellent host. Madame Emma
Eames-Story was the guest of Harry
Holbrook at a dinner given, in • the red
room. The decorations were in harmony
with the appointments of the apartment
and the menu was an elaborate one.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Geggus enter
tained a number of their friends at pro
gressive euchre on the evening of Novem
ber 25 at their residence, 1208 Masonic
avenue. Ten tables were engaged in the
game. The winners were Mrs. William
Ruddlck, Mrs. C. A. Rader, Mrs. D. F.
Ragran. Mrs. J. B. Field, William Corbin,
Paul Kingston, E. Murphy and H. Tem-
Pleman. ..
ORDEES SWELL STJPPEB, .
ON A WORTHLESS CHECK
Arrest of S. A. Pardee, a Club Man,
for Passing Bogus
.;-'.; : . Paper.
. S. A. Pardee, the clubman who is wanted
in this city for passing bogus checks and
who" was arrested .in San Jose, was
brought here last evening by j Detective
Dlnan. According to the police Pardee
has passed at least two dozen worthless
checks in this city j and Oakland.
Several nights . ago he and a woman,
whose name is unknown to the police,
went to Marchand's and ordered a swell
supper, in payment of which Pardee gave
a' worthless check for $50. ■ When the
check was presented at the bank for pay
ment the proprietor of the restaurant was
informed that Pardee had no funds there.
A warrant was accordingly Issued for his
arrest. Captain Seymour, learning that
the - bogus check operator had : gone . to
San Jose, immediately wired to the Chief
of Police of that city, to arrest him. He
was found without much trouble and
locked, up pending the arrival. of an of
ficer from this city.. ■> ■-■•"• •:•■■■
-It. is expected . that several charges of
passing fictitious checks will be recorded
against him to-day.
Charged With Burglary.
-Two men !*were : arrested early, yester
day morning on the water-front and
booked on a charge | of burglary. Janied
O'Donnell was discovered in the office of
the Kimball , Steamship Company | on the
Mission-street wharf by Policemen Mc-
Gowan and Ednet. He was at ' the tele
phone and explained '< to the officers that
he. was calling up a friend.' John Nolan
was found on. the premises of P. H. Mur
phy, metal roofer, 48 Spear street; by Spe
cial Officer, Sample.. He had gathered to
gether, a number i of workmen's '. tools to
carry away. •-. "; - \
MANAGERS AIR
THEIR TROUBLES
A Restraining Order Is
Granted Randall by
the Court.
Walter H. Willett Forbidden
to Sell the Business of
• Wakelee & Co.
■Wakelee & Co., represented by Charles
Randall, manager of the firm's wholesale
drug store, petitioned yesterday for a
restraining order to prevent Walter H.
■Willett' and Viola V. Willett, his wife,
from forcing the collection of a note for
$16,000 and from entering into legal pro
ceedings against Randall.
Randall claims that Willett advanced
the firm $16,000 on a note which would
not become due for five years, and that
his object in seeking an order restrain
ing him from collecting it now is to save
the firm, which has been in existence
here for upward of twenty years. He
alleges in his complaint that last August
while he was sick in bed Willett came to
his home, and by threats of legal pro
ceedings and by insinuating that he
\Randall) was guilty of embezzlement
prevailed upon him to sign a contract,
wherein he agreed to consent to the set
tlement of the debt in October of this
year.
At the time the loan was made, alleges
Randall, Willett was made assistant
manager of the firm at a salary of $200
per month, and an agreement was made
whereby Willett was to receive one-half
the dividends of the firm. Randall, who
was elected manager of the firm at the
same time, claims that he found it im
possible to get along with Willett owing
to the latter' s attempts to cause him an
n( Kandail alleges that the money which
Willett says he embezzled was drawn
from the firm with the consent of the
assistant manager, and that in drawing
it he did not violate any of the terms of
the contract made at the time Willett
advanced the $16,000.
Judge Dunne issued a restraining order,
made returnable before Judge deawell
December 16, preventing Willett from
preferring any charges against Randall
or disposing of the business pending the
trial of a suit for a permanent injunc
tion.
NATIVE iDATJGHTEB. MINSTRELS
HELP THE ORDEB'S HOME
Many People Witness a Pleasing Per
. f ormance Given in a "Worthy
Cause.
The second minstrel performance given
by the members of Buena Vista Parlor
of the Native Daughters in aid of the
Native Daughters' Home of this city drew
more than 1200 people to Native Sons' Hall
last night. With the exception of the
soloists, all who took part were in black
face. The wielders of bones and tambos
were attired in very attractive costumes,
while the chorus, occupying raised seats
in the rear of the stage, wore long gowns
and mortar boards, alternately green and
red. Overhead shone brightly the Star
of Buena Vista in vari-colored lights.
Following is the programme:
Opening chorus, "My Gal From Dixie." "I've
Got the Real Girl," "The .Coldest Coon In
Town," entire company, introducing Miss A.
Worth, conversationalist; bones, Miss O'Brien,
Miss Ticoulet, Miss Fremler; tambourines, Mrs.
Wehe Mrs. McCormick, Miss Ligon; "Every
body Has-aWhistlo- Like M.e," Miss A. Fre
mier; soprano solo, Miss Etta Welch; ""When
Mr. Shakespeare Comes to Town/' Miss Alice
Ticoulet; contralto sola Miss Etta O'Brien;
"Every Darky Had a Raglan On," Mrs. J. L.
McCormick; mezzo-soprano solo. Miss Emelle
Seebrecht; "Ain't Dat t Shame?" Mrs. F. P.
AVehe; the dainty dancer. Belle Laurier Miller;
"My Curly-headed Baby," Miss Belle O'Brien;
contralto solo. Miss L. Wilson; "Go Way Back
and Sit Down," Miss Adele Ligon; finale,
"Marching to the Music of the' Band," partic
ipated in by Misses Ticoulet. Miller,- Ligon,
Fremier, O'Brien and Mesdames Wehe and Mc-
Cormick and chorus, Mesdames C. Dodge. A.
Simpson, B. F. Hanlon and Misses C. Frech
ette, A. Trautner,' Misses P. Weise, A. Weise,
A. Garvin, M. Brady, A. Hauer, O. Curran. A.
Wehe, S. Levy, E. Lichtenstein, B. Benson, E.
King. ■ F. Morgan. L. Morgan, A. V. Long. S.
Tupper, Masters J. Murphy, M. Wehe. H.
Gregory. J. Kelleher, R. Gallagher, T.
Humphry. C. Wynn, F. Roskamp.
Each of the ladies was presented many
beautiful flowers. After the programme
there was dancing which was under the
direction of Floor Manager Mrs. F. P.
Wehe, assisted by Miss Ticoulet.
The committees in charge of the affair,
which netted a goodly sum for the home,
were: Reception— Mrs. C. S. Baker, Mrs.
H. M. Greene. Mrs. C. Ligon, Mrs. A.
Decker, Mrs. C. P. Dodge. Mrs. F. Quin
lan, Miss A. Hahne. Floor— Miss E. Ben-
Ing-, Miss B. O'Brien, Miss M. Long, Miss
Anna Worth, Miss E. O'Brien, Miss A.
Fremler, Miss A. Hauer, Miss C. Fre
chette.
JACK DEMPSEY'S GRAVE
WILL HAVE A MONUMENT
Meeting of Former Friends of Dead
Pugilist Called for Next
. Thursday Night.
The many local admirers of the late
Jack Dempsey, the famous pugilist, have
decided to start a fund to erect a monu
ment over his grave. Sporting men all
over the United States will be asked to
interest themselves in the project in their
respective towns.
It has recently come to the notice of the
sporting element that Jack Dempsey's
grave is without even a headstone, his
widow being too poor to erect one. They
will attempt to raise a .monster fund,
which will also be for the benefit of the
"Nonpareil's" widow and children.
At an impromptu meeting held at Harry
Corbett'slast night it was decided to call
a big meeting next Thursday night in
Friendship Hall, Alcazar building-, where
the details of the plan will be discussed.
Emptied Landlady's Purse.
Mrs.. • Margaret Jappel, who keeps . a
lodging-house at 509 Post street, swore to
a complaint -in Judge Cabanlss' court
yesterday for the arrest of Edward
Woodward on the charge of grand lar
ceny. She accusses him of entering her
room while he was a lodger, on October
23, and taking $150 from her purse, which
was on top of her bureau drawer. Since
then she has endeavored to get the money
from him but has failed. Detective. Mc-
Muhon has charge of the case.
B-iley Held for Murder.
John M. Rlley was. held without bail
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon on
the charge of murder. He is accused of
killing Otto M. Ekberg, a non-union team
ster, by striking him on the head with
an iron pipe on the evening of November
9. Several witnesses were examined yes
terday in regard to the iron pipe and it
was traced to the defendant.
Sparling Would Not Prosecute.
When the case of Arthur 'Meadows, col
lector, charged with felony embezzlement
on complaint of W. Sparling, a horseman
was called in Judge Conlan's court yester
day, Sparling said he would not prosa
cute, as he and Meadows had come to an
arrangement. Meadows was accused -by
Sparling of haying embezzled 5133 on Oc
tober 2. *- ;:V-.
Highbinder Sentenced.
Cock Yow, the highbinder, who was ar
rested Sunday night in Chinatown by Of
ficer Tillman for carrying, a concealed
weapon, appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday. He had a big revolver in a
bandbox and each chamber was* loaded
The Judge convicted him and sentenced
him [to six months, in the County Jail
MAN LOST IN THE FOG.— Joseph Vasek be
came bewildered" In the fog In this city last
Saturday and was. taken to the City Prison by
a policeman, who found him wandering about
the streets in the email hours. Vasek could not
BpeakEngllsh and .was detained In the prison
until yesteday, .when he was called for by hia
frlenda, Trtio had previously called at the Cor
oner's office and reported him missing; ' •
"" ADVERTISEMENTS v
Hopeful Words to Childless Women.
Two Grateful Women Tell How
They Were Helped by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Oompou'nd.
How shall a mother who is weak and sick with some female trouble
bear healthy children? . .
How anxious women ought to be to give their children the blessing
of a good constitution ! VV- .;- _
Many women long for a child to bless their home, but because of
some debility or displacement of the female organs, they are barren.
. Preparation for: healthy maternity is accomplished by LydJa E. I
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound more successful]* than by any
other medicine, because it gives tone and strength to the parts, curing
all displacements and inflammation.
Actual sterility in women is very rare. .If any ■woman thinks
sheis sten ? le, let her write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynij .Mass., whose
advice is given free to all expectant or would-be mothers.
l**3i I If ■'■'////* i/i ( 11 E53
The Story of Mrs. De Bett and Her Baby Girl.
" Deah Mes. Petkham :— Before I took your medicine I suffered for years.
Life to me was a torture. I often wished I were dead. I had no children, and
the doctor said I ne-ver could have. Menstruation was Tery painful, also
suffered with severe pains in left ovary, had pains in my back and heart,
terrible headaches, and -weakness of the kidneys. I tried everything', had
womb dilated twice but that did no good. I got discouraged and concluded
to let the doctors go and try your medicine. After writing to you explaining
my case, I followed your advice carefully and with the result that I never
felt so well in all my life. I am indeed a new woman and have a loving little
baby girl -which is the happiness of my home. 1 feel that I owe my life to
Lydia E. Pinkham's Medicine, and feel very proud to recommend it to
others. I hope that many others will follow my example and that homes
may be brightened as mine has.** — Mbs. Leer Ds Bett, 80% S. Halstead St.,
Chicago, HI. (March 1, 1901.)
" Dear Mrs. Peocham : — I must write and tell you what your Vegetable)
Compound, has done for me. Before taking your medicine I was unable to
carry a babe to maturity, having lost two — one at six months and one at seven.
The doctor said next time I would die, but thanks to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, I did not die, but am the proud mother of a six
months old girl baby. She weighs nineteen pounds and has never seen a sick
day in her life. She is the delight of our home." — Mrs. A. D. Jaerst,
Belmont, Ohio.
Get Mra. Pinkham's Advice*
It is free as the air. She has been the means of making many
a miserable life turn into one of joy — no other living person has had
such wide experience with woman's ills. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
NEGRO RAIDS
PULLMAN CAR
Boards Overland Train
and Flourishes a
Revolver.
Frightens Passengers and
Then Jumps Off and
■ Disappears.
A big burly negro ran amuck on over
land train No. 9 early yesterday morn
ing shortly after the train pulled out of
Martinez. A colored porter reported to
Seregant Mahoney of the Harbor Police
Station on the arrival of the train in this
city that the engro rushed through the
cars at 6 o'clock this morning brandish
ing a big revolver, frightening passengers
and . crew.
■ The porter, when he saw the revolver,
ran down the aisle of the car, and tho
passengers drew into the corners of their
berths and anxiously waited until the
negro had passed out of the car. The,
conductor of the train notified the rail
road officials in this city when he arrived
and two railway company detectives wore
sent post haste to Martinez to try and
fathom tho mystery of the negro's wild
action.
Who the negro Is nobody knows. He
boarded the train at Martinez and
whtether his motive was to attempt rob
bery is not yet known. After he ' had
passed through several of the cars he
Jumped off the last platform, although
the train was going at a moderately fast
rate of speed.
One theory is that the negro was
sneaking through the cars intent on
avenging some real or fancied wrong he
might have had against some colored por
ter on the train. .
The railway officials decline absolutely
to discuss the matter. -.
Rate Case in Court Again.
The suit of the Railroad Commission
ers against the Southern Pacific, known
as the "Fresno rate case," came ud he
fore Judge Kerrigan yesterday and was
-set for trial for December 26. This an
tion was. taken on account of an ordeV
of the Supreme Court granting a new
trial of the case. The Commissioner!
asked for an injunction restraints tha
Southern Pacific from raising a rite «?
fare after reducing the saVne. Judel
Bahrs Issued the injunction and the rail
road company took an appeal for a rew
trial to the Supreme Court -
Fowden Wins His Suit.
Mark Fowden, a drummer, was awarded
$6000 damages against the. Pacific Steam
ship Company by a^ury in Judge Cook's
court last evening. Fowden was a Das
senger on one of the defendant's steamers
and was injured by the parting of a. haw
ser, which he claimed was due .to.nejeU
l! B » x J.w. The - accldent na PP«ned at Santa
CHINESE TONGS
KEEPING QUIET
Police and Judges Use
Drastic Measures to
That End.
Highbinders* Pistols Win
Be Retained as Evi
dence.
Some of the be#t "gun fighters" at
tached to the police force were detailed
last night in Chinatown to assist Ser
geant Conboy and his squad to preserva
peace. There were eleven police officers
in citizen's clothes detailed there, and
they wandered around waiting for tha
shooting that did not come.
Notwithstanding the apparent quietude,
the. police expected to hear of a breaking
out of the feud between the Hip Yinga
and the Ping Kong3. Efforts were madd
again yesterday by the Six Companies to
bring about peace, but the. members of
the Kwong, Jue. Lee and Quon families,
who are concerned in the feud, would not
come together. These families are the
most powerful in China, and they still
endeavor to maintain their aristocracy in
Chinatown. This makes the task of the
police and the Six Companies all the
more difficult.
Notices were posted in Chinatown an
nouncing the fact that Police Judges
were imposing extraordinary punishment
upon the captured highbinders. Cock
1 ou was sentenced yesterday by Judga
Fritz to six months in the County Jail for
carrying a pistol In a hat box. Yee You.
also arrested on a charge of carrying
concealed weapons, was held under 1500
bonds, and his case was continued. He
hails from Marysville. Another gun man.
Jue Nun. charged with the same offense.
■who asked for a continuance until Thurs
day, was held under J20iK) bonds.
Jue Nom, another Fresno highbinder,
also languishes in jail because his tone:
will not provide the cash necessary to
ball him out. The four men are well
known to the police of this city, and
were forced to emigrate some years ago.
There are a few more the police are
looking for, but so far they have man
aged to escape arrest.
In Ross. Spofford, Baker and Pish al
leys, along Dupont, Jackson and Clay
streets, and in Waverly place, many of
the leading clubs are closed. Storekeep
ers connected with the families concern
ed In the feud have put up their shut
ters until the trouble i3 settled.
Another move has been made by Chief
of Police Wittman. Instead of returning
the pistols taken from the highbinders,
he has instructed his property clerk not
to return the pistols taken from them
when arrested. "Let them sue for them."
says the ,Chief , "or buy new ones." - *
IDENTIFIED AS SARAH THOMSON -Th»
unknown woman who died suddenly at the in
tersection of Jones and Ellis streets last Sun
day evening, was Identified at the Morgua yes
?/£% aS s arah Thomson, a cook, who ha/re
cently - .worked for Mrs. Calhoun at 739 Post
«treet. Death resulted from natural wweafCALVE CREATES A TREMENDOUS SENSATION
IN THE OPERA OF "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
fcames and SemB^ich Sing Splendidly at the Matinees-Crowded Houses Greet Creditable
U Plays Well Produced at Other Local Theaters.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON. |
AT last \re have heard Calve!
Last night ln ''Cavalleria Kvrg
ticana, thrown In as a parUafular
bonne bouche after "La BoKieme."
the bewildering creature wf akened
up to wring a spontaneous and j/mmense
enthusiasm from an audience q uite un
prepared to be demonstrative. Nothing
finer has been heard or seen du nne the
season than CaJve's Santuzza. > Nothing
fh P ,°>Tm f Ul i 1 ! 8 been dOne « not 4 n * With
the thrill and fire and grip of this picture
of a wronged peasant girl's revenfee. She
gave herself up to the house an/Tin com
parison with her Santuzza the\ Carmena
If ii 1 ?. ?£&&£/&&&£&
uV s £ om Paratively— it is beyoftid any
rnised in her Carmen were foundX in all
. trom the moment the singer camX on
the stape, and what th* Hindoos ralAher
aura was. subtly sensed to be 4lfferlnt
t, r ° m < h , er atmosphere of last Saturday
particularly. Instead of repelling hefa
auoience sue orew tuem 10 a«, jtuv. frcX
then on freely showed herself in all he*
power, bhe seems to have all deslrabl/j
things. Her sense of balance is marvert
ous, and always with a steady crescendo
or power, a cumulative effect, that builds
up '^Perceptibly note on note, chord cni
cnord, to a climax almost too tense tc
be borne. She has the gift of pathos iri
extraordinary degree, and a powerful
naturalism that is as rarely found on the)
operatic stage as the dodo bird on Marked
street. Her art Is as truthful, powerfrdr,
finished, inevitable, as Bernhardfs. filer
vocal wonder work never obtrudes /tself
as singing, but comes as the natural/form
of expression for the character. Qalve's
fiantuzza is Italian to Us last accen/L She
is the peasant girl, with her peasant
thought and deed, pleading madly Jwith all
tier foolish rustic eloquence for hefr honor,
and goaded to madness by her lou-er's de
sertion. Her pleading, her grief} at» his
ecorn, her shame, her revenge afcd swift
repentance are all portrayed witMi an elo
quence of gesture, facial expression and
vocal beauty that should satisfy the in-
Baiiable. I wonder, O I wonmer, what
Wednesday night's "Carmea"{ will be
like? % •
Salignac lived up to Turid/du's part
nobly, Carrie Bridewell coquetted rather
heavily as Lola, Declery was lAlno. Miss
Bauermeister Lucia and Mr./ , Flon- con
ducted more than commonly vfell.
"La. Boheme" came first wilih the same
cast as on its previous production with
the exception of Fritzi- ScheiX and Scotti.
Miss Adams again delighted' as Mimi, as
suredly the best part in her! repertoire of
our acquaintance. De Marchu was vocally
stunning as Rudolfo. but ntft evenly en
thusiastic in his acting. £J5cotti was a
fine Marcel, but hardly whdt Campanari
is in the part, though he sa;ng truly gor
geously. •; -
Fritzi Scheff is a perfect Musetta, the
incarnation of mischievous coquetry and
grace. Her voice came out with surpris
ing strength and brilliance, and her work
was welcomed in flattering fashion by
the audience. M. Seppilli conducted, and
with a rarely gifted ba.tori. It was not
always easy to keep things', going smooth
ly last night, the singers not being very
certain of their parts, but* the conductor
pulled them together in a truly wonderful
way. The only thing against Seppilli Is
that he will not be persuaded to make his
little bow to an admiring public from the
etage. in the approved Damrosch fashion.
I wonder why?
It was a splendid house that greeted
the gem of the grand opera season, "Le
Nozze di Figaro," yesterday afternoon.
There were hundreds standing— and for
getful of the fact— and every seat in the
house held a delighted auditor, ■who has
now a beautiful memory to last him his
lifetime and longer. Wise and merry with
GBAPE-UTJTS.
FOOD FACTS.
How to Properly Feed the Body.
Physicians nowadays realize how nec-
essary it is that the food contain the
right elements that the body requires to
rebuild itself and replace the loss that
occurs each day from activity and en-
ergy.
If one lifts an arm, that means the ex-
penditure of a small amount of energy,
and the burning up, so to speak, of cer-
tain deposits from the food. This means
a certain loss and this loss must be made
up each day from food. If the food
does not contain the things required, na-
ture hoists a flag cf distress; aches, ails,
sickness cf some sort sets in, meaning
that there is something lacking in the
food.
The reason physicians so generally ad-
vise the use of Grape-Nuts Breakfast
Food is that they know from what it is
made and what it contains. The medi-
cal journals In various parts of the world
have given the analysis. The famous
"London Lancet" went bo far as to make
a very careful analysis by Its own chem-
ist. Its remarks are worth repeating:
"The preparatory process undoubtedly
converts the food constituents Into a
much more digestible condition than ln
the raw cereals. This is evident from
the remarkable solubility of the prepara-
tion, no less than one half of it being
soluble in water. The soluble portion
contains chiefly dextrin and no starch.
According to our analysis the following is
Moisture 6.02 per cent
Mineral matter -. 2.01 "
Fat l€0 " "
Proteids 15.00 " "
Soluble. Carbohydrates 49.40 " ••
Unaltered Carbohydrates.... 25.97 " c/V
"The features worthy of r.ote In this
analysis are the excelent proportion of
proteids and mineral' matter, and solu-
ble carbohydrates.
"The mineral matter is rich phosphoric
acid. Our analysis shows that it is a
nutritive of high order, since it contains
the constituents of a complete food in
the right proportions and in an easily
assimilable state."
Notice the carbohydrate total Is about
75 per cent. These produce energy and
warmth. The phosphoric acid ln the
mineral matter comes, as do all of the
other ingredients, from the field grain,
not one particle being introduced as a
drug.
Physicians know that the Boft matter
ln the brain and nerve centers through-
out the body are made from the elements
of albumen acted upon by phosphate j of
potash. Albumen is a very common arti-
cle in almost every food, but phosphate
of potash does not exist ln all foods, nor
is it found in easily digestible form al-
ways. However, in Grape-Nuts these ele-
ments exist and are presented to the body
In an easily digestible form, and explain
the reason why users feel the new spring
of life, the brain and nerve power in-
rrease. after they have been using Grape-
Nuts for a time. There Is . a reason for
it. The doctors know it, therefore they
prescribe Grape-Nuts. - : ," „
thrf wisdom and joy of children is "Le
I*ozze di Figaro," with its confident op
timism and gay, fresh laughter. Its
cloudless, serene skies are the gift of a
younger day than this, of a spirit un
touched by the overshadowing "Welt
senmerz" of the hour, but when they
lift over us we also are there, with Mo
zart, in a fragrant Arcadia and with his
mirthful philanderers for the best of
company.
The cast was the same 'as on the first
performance and a wonder as before.
Everybody was there, and as-little as we
should have liked missing one of the
singers, it seems probable that any of
them would have liked it still less, the
na P of missing an appearance in such
glorious company.- It- came near It,
though. Sembrich, after the first act, de
veloped a sudden hoarseness, but asking
the indulgence of the audience— through
the genial Mr. Hirsch— went on with the
part. After only a few notes a shade less
luminously clear than usual the singer re
gained her voice in all its glory and the
audience breathed again. Eames seems
in all but perfect form, and her "Dove
Sono' -was sung with even more ravish
ingly beautiful effect than before. The
Letter Duet" was sung by the twin
stars in a fashion to make one forget
heaven, with a perfection of lovely tone,
exquisite sympathy and gracious poetry
that could hardly be. paralleled bv anv
other .two singers out of the celestia'l
choir. They were good enough to repeat
It, in response to the overwhelming en
core. Both singers are cast immaculate
ly in their parts, Eames the regal, as the
lady of high degree, and Sembrich, the
coquettish, as the merry Susanne, . and
the flowers that are becoming a feature
of the performances were showered on
both alike.
Little Miss Scheff caroled again in her
iresh ana buoyant fashion as Cherubino,
ana though she sang not quite so well on
the whole as the first time, her "Voi che
Sapete" was a. clever and pleasing ef
fort. She is a naive little girl, receives
her bouquets with surprise and turns
them stem on to the audience as she puts
them down, a little hastily, before report
ing to the conductor that she is ready for
action again. Miss Scheff is a most
promising young artist, who has made
great strides since last season and who is
deservedly a great deal of a favorite
here.
In this opera without a tenor hero, De
Reszke has one of his beautiful oppor
tunities as Almavina and was in his most
sumptuous form yesterday afternoon. He
is always sufficient unto the role, and so
yesterday did just what he always doe?
everything that is needed. Campanari's
Figaro is another tp'.endcr of the cast
and he, also, was fit and fine as the valet.
Tavecchia added his valued effort as
Bartolo. Miss Bauermeister could not be
anything but Rood as Barberlna. Dufriche
pleased as Antonio, and thus ends the
records of another all-star performance.
ABTTETS SCORE TRIUMPHS.
Hearty Applause Is Given Singers
at Matinee and in Evening.
Calve has redeemed her # fame as a prima
donna and last night she showed that re
markable ability as an actress and singer
over whic*h two continents have gone into
raptures.
Yesterday was a remarkable day for the
present grand opera season. In the after
noon "Le Nozze di Figaro" was repeated
before an audience that was the biggest,
in point of numbers, that has ever gath
ered within the Grand Opera-house. In
the evening a double bill was given, con
sisting of "La Boheme" and "Cavalleria
Rusticana," with Calve in the role of San
tuzza in the latter opera. The evening
audience was far from being a large one.
But Calve, whose rendition of Carmen
was declared by many not to be above
the average, proved last night that she
is all that has been claimed for her. She
was in splendid voice and there was not
a moment when she was on the stage that
she was not acting. A more dramatic
Impersonation of the character of San
tuzza has probably never/ been witnessed
In America and Calve was the recipient
of six recalls while the curtain was up.
Many flowers were showered on- Grau's
artists yesterday. The crowd at the mat
inee was composed principally of women
and the theater presented a brilliant ap
pearance. Mme. Sembrich is the last of
the Grau singers to succumb to the cli
mate and an apology was made for her
yesterday from the stage, after the first
act of "Le Nozze di Figaro." The song
stress was reported to be suffering from
hoarseness, but had determined to go
through with the performance.
The reception given to Sembrich and
Eames was of the most hearty character
and bouquets by the dozen were thrown
on the stage. Eames presented Sembrich
with a floral horseshoe and in return was
kissed by her sister artist. Then Sem
brich hugged all the rest of the cast and
distributed some of the floral gifts she
had received. The stage "love feast"
was enjoyed by the audience immensely.
Needless to say that Fritzl Scheff, Cam
panari and De Reszke shared in the ova
tion.
"La Boheme," which preceded "Caval
leria Rusticana" last night, was heartily
applauded by the audience. Suzanne
Adams, Fritzl Scheff. De March!.-. Gill
bert and Scotti were In the cast and were
called before the curtain time and time
again.
The attraction of Ihe evening was Calve
in Leoncavallo's opura. The famous in
termezzo was artistically rendered by the
orchestra under Fionas direction, and the
leader was forced to bow his acknowl
edgments to the applause.
To-night. "Tristan und Isolde" will be
heard for the first time in this city, with
Reuss-Belce, Homer, Van Dyck, Bispham,
Reiss, Bars and De Reszke in the cast.
To-morrow evening "Carmen" will be
repeated, with Calve in the title role and
Sibyl Sanderson is ' announced to " sing
Micaela. ,
At Thursday's matinee "Tannhauser" Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
THREE MEMBERS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION WHO ARE
PLEASING PLAYGOERS WITH THEIR SINGING AND ACTING AT
THE ALCAZAR, TIVOLI AND FISCHER'S CONCERT-HOUSE.
to be given. The season ends Thursday
night with ¥Le Nozze di Figaro."
AT THE THEATERS.
"The Girl From Maxim's" Captivates
Audience at Columbia.
Just to say it a little slangily, like the
play itself, "The Girl From Maxim's"
— Maxeem's, if you please— "has hit the
town right." The announcement that the
farce produced at the Columbia last night
was from the pen of the brilliant George
Feydeau, author of "The Gay Paris
ians," was in itself a sufficient guaran
tee that there would not be a dull, line
in the production. The farce in the
hands of the exceedingly clever com
pany -came up to expectations, and ex
pectation was high. It is as funny as
the Parisians, the fun being Parisian, be
ginning with a married man waking up
with a sore head after a night with the
boys and finding a pretty and vivacious
girl in the bed that he had not occupied,
he having snored through the night un
der an upset lounge in an adjoining
room. Dr. Petypont, the aforesaid mar
ried man, is informed by his friend, Bru
marge, that he had mistaken his own
house for a hotel ana had conducted the
girl from Maxim's thither. The girl,
whose latest name is Praline, sticks to
the doctor like a leech or a wife, and in
order to get her out of the way he takes
her to General Petypont' s country villa,
where the general, naVing mistaken her
for the doctor's wife, introduces her -as
such.
Praline's high kicking is mistaken by
the ladies at the villa for the latest Pa
risian style of curtsying and in the sec
ond act there are tantalizing | half
glimpses of shapely limbs and • fluffy,
rustling lingerie. The fun of the play
centers about everybody mistaking Pra
line for the doctor's wife and Mrs. Dr.
Petypont mistak >.fe her for the spouse of
the general.
Joseph Allen, the general, has a laugh
that is contagious, and everybody on the
other side of the footlights laughs with
him. Funnier than even his laugh is the
quaint way in which he bestows kicks
upon himself. W. H. Turner is the
married doctor to perfection and makes
the best of the bad scrape into which he
has got himself. The Duke, John H.
Armstrong, in love with 4 Praline, is a
comical character, and his make-up pro
vokes merriment. Florence Gerald is the
rangy Mme. Petypont and comes In* al
ways at the wrong moment, but just late
enough not to find out anything. Even
the subordinate characters are funny,
and there is quite a brilliant satire on
the harmless French pastime of dueling,
in which the seconds arrange all the pre
liminaries, utterly regardless of the
wishes or the feelings of the principals.
The farce must have been rigidly blue
penciled, for it is not at all naughty as
ono might expect. For instance, Praline
Jumps out of bed in a very natty costume
and with shoes and stockings on, as if
she, too, had been too tired to remove
them when she retired. .
Although the night outside was threat
ening, there was the usual Columbia
Theater audience, and the applause was
liberal, but not , more liberal than the
performance deserved.
California.
Judging from the laughter and general
hilarity that reigns at the California this
week Thall and Kennedy's "Stranger.in a
Strange Land" has made a '; decided '. hit.
The fun is of such an infectious order that
one must be dumb indeed to be able to
resist it. From first to last there, is not
a quiet moment in the entire piece. Un
usual interest is already being taken in
the California's following attraction,
Clyde Fitch's famous comedy, "The Cow
boy and The Lady," which will be seen
here for. the first time on Sunday night.
The thousands who saw the Neill Com
pany play Fitch's other big success, "Bar
bara Frietchie," will be more than anxi
ous to see "The Cowboy and The Lady."
The advance sale will open on Thursday.
Alcazar.
The romantic drama, "An Enemy to the
King," was the attraction at the Alcazar
Theater last night. It called for the full
strength of the company and was most
elaborately staged. There were some slips
owing to an apparent lack of rehearsal,
but these will disappear. The plot is
based upon the struggle of Julie de Va
rion with the life of her father hanging in
the balance on one side and that of her
lover on the other. She is induced by the
Governor of the province to betray to
him the hiding place of Ernanton de Lau
nay, a'Huguenot captain, on the promise
that the Governor would spare her fath
er's life. Before she starts on her mis
sion De Launay, who is unknown to her,
rescues her from the clutches of Henri
le Conte de Berquin and consents to pro
tect her on her. journey, during which
they, fall in love with each other and
when she learns his identity she is strick
en with remorse and tries to undo the
wrong committed in betraying him. All
ends happily for the lovers. M. L. Aisop
as De Launay was a gallant and brave
lover and received several curtain calls
after the close of the third act. Howard
Scott was dignified and crafty as Claude
de Chatre, the Governor, and Henry Shu
mer was effective as his secretary. Paul
Gerson as De Berquin was a capable
swashbuckler. Miss .Marion Convere
threw considerable spirit Into the part of
Julie de Varion and her interpretation of
it was consistent throughout. Miss Mar
garet Wycherly as Jeannette, her maid
was . excellent. ... ' ...
Central.
"The Streets of New York" was pre
sented to a well-filled house last night at
Belasco & Thall's Central Theater, and
the old melodrama seems to. have \ lost
none of- its former charms. Thundering
applause greeted each new act of daring
performed by the hero, and- the fire scene
brought the audience to its feet. Thu
characters were well sustained by the
members of the stock company, except
ing for a really weak interpretation of the
role of Lucy by Mabel Pennock. | Hallett
Thompson was a manly Badger, and
Stanley -Ross -a- 'well, conceived Gideon
Bloodgood. Three character bits special
ly worthy of. mention were the ones as
signed Margaret Marshall, James " Corrl
gan and Ernest Howell. " .. , , *.
Tivoli.
A | large and unusually enthusiastic
audience was present for the opening of
the. second week of "The Geisha" at the
Tivoli last night.* The cast of characters
is the same as that of* : last week, except
that little Daphne Pollard now takes the
part of "Wun Hi," the proprietor of a tea
house of the "Ten Thousand Joys." As
the Chinaman the : midget is cleverer,^ ir
possible, than in any of: her other roles
and shows motf e than ever her wonderful
ability. She has deservedly., become a fa
vorite with , the audiences in this city
and ' her . work last night .was : most gen
erously applauded. The - other Pollards,
WAGNER OPERA
IS TO BE GIVEN
THIS EVENING
UND ISOLDE."
: C , BY WAGNER.'
Isolde : ; '. /....' ...... ........ •
.iJSIme. Louise Beuss-Belce
B ran gene.. Mme. Louise Homer
Tristan ....... IMr. Van.Dyck
Kurwenal i ... . . . .Mr. Bispham
Melot ......^..MnMuhlmann
En Hirt, Ein Steuermann. .
..;,...i.^........ Mr. Beisa
Stimme des Seemans.. ......
■'•■■.■; . .V; .... Mr. Jacques Bars
Marke. . . . . .Mr.Ed de Beszke
Conductor, Mr. Damrosch.
Madge Wilson and the rest of the chil
dren, also do . surprisingly well, and one
desiring to pass the pleasantest kind of
an evening should not fail to see "The
Geisha," - - ..-•- ■ - -
The Pollard Company will present "A
Gayety Girl" on Thursday and the rest of
this week... Next .week, the. sixth and
last of the engagement," the Pollards will
present the London . success, "In Town."
Orpheum.
La Belle Totajada was again unable to
sing- at the Orpheum last night. The
management announced, however, that
she Would < positively be able to fill her
engagement to-night. The general pub
lic can, therefore, be certain that this
evening they will hear and see the cele
brated vocalist and dancer.
All the other numbers on the pro
gramme went with a swing and there was
the usual Orpheum crowd in attendance.
Goleman and his trained dogs made a
great hit, as djd also the Dumond Par
isian Minstrels, while the Andy Lewis
Company was almost compelled to repeat
the clever skit, "The Cocaine Fiend/'
Fischer's Concert-House.
A capital programme from beginning to
end was presented at Fischer's Concert
house last night and so great was the en
thusiasm when Mme. Charity Martin and
John Desmond sang the duet from "Robin
Hood" that, the singers were obliged to
repeat the number three times. The Ler
ner children introduced many bright sing
ing and dancing specialties in their
sketch, "Aunt Amanda's Visit." Blanche
Reynolds, trombone soloist, made her first
appearance in this city, scoring a decided
success, and Dunning and Grimm pre
sented a graceful and daring trapeze per
formance. Ben Lucier, a clever acrobat
and equilibrist, and Oro, Bernard and
Oro in "Scenes in Chinatown" concluded
the vaudeville portion of the entertain
ment, i
Symphony Series.
The sale of seats for the series of sym
phony concerts to be given under the au
spices of the San Francisco Symphony So
ciety at the Grand Opera-house began at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s yesterday morn
ing with an active demand for choice lo
cations. Paul Steindorff is doing wonder
ful work at rehearsals with his orchestra
of fifty-five men. The season sale will con
tinue all week and the single sale will
be opened next Tuesday morning.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a good bill of novelties.
The Lockos, English bag-punchers, re
peated their big success of the Orpheum
a short time ago. Leando Bros., comedy
acrobats, scored a big- hit with their clever
act and kept the audience in good humor
with their many funny falls. Maud Fra
zer has a pleasing voice and sang popu
lar songs. The balance of the bill in
cludes Leslie Brothers in a comedy mu
sical act, Clinton Montgomery In illus
trated songs and Levy & Parent, song
and dance artists. A series of new mov-'
ing pictures are also shown.
STR.0THER SPENCER'S LIFE
ENDS ON OPERATING TABLE
Is Found Dying From Heart Disease
in Cellar of Owl Drug
store.
Strother Spencer, a clerk in the Owl
drug store, died while lying on the op
erating table in the General Emergency
Hospital yesterday forenoon. Spencer,
who had been connected with the Owl
6. ore for the past eight years, went down
into the cellar yesterday, a place where
he had not been in the habit of visiting,
and when missed by the other attendants
in the store he was searched for and
found lying on the floor breathing heav
ily. Restoratives were administered, but
as they failed to rouse the sufferer to
consciousness he was rushed off to the
Emergency Hospital. Dr. Bunnell placed
him on the operating table for examina
tion, but before anything could be done
for him he expired. The Coroner was no
tified, but permitted the remains to be
moved to an undertaking establishment.
Heart trouble is supposed to be the cause
of death.
RESTRAINED FROM CUTTING TAN
BARK.— On motion of Assistant United States
Attorney Banning, United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday issued a writ of injunction
restraining F. A. McKee, Pearley Maxwell and
the Needle Rock Company of Needle Rock,
Menaocino County, from cutting or removing:
Government tan bark on Government land at
that place.
(The 20 th Century!
; t . inherits threa great things, viz.: g
| The latter supplies the need j j
I of centuries for the finest <Z
: * . . type of the purest whiskey. j |
i | CHRISTY 4 WISE COinnsSIOJf CO., Ina. . J ♦ I
;♦ £23-!3iCalirorhiaSt..Sftn Francisco, Cal. •?
i* "•-' •-.;• Telephone Main 873. JJ
-.-^-^i - - - - - - ' ;^" „^^Z^P-y^JE^T'^!^^^: -'—_. .
Constipated Old Age
Isn't it too bad that so many people, when they get old, get
cranky and rickety and mean, and don't feel right towards themselves
or anybody else; yet it need not be so.
] "Cascarets n»i« me fe«il so lljht-'heart«d »ndUriT7, fh»*
_^f^^^7 j£t\^_ though I h»T« seen three ecors and thr*e, • f«w mor«
j£gjr//f scores I yet may sea."— Jaaiet S. Millar. Villa Park. Cal.
Jwjff/^ST I "For many yean I hare been troubled with constipation.
ffSsll^ytht x I nseiions 25c and two SOc boxes of Cascarets. and they h«T«
hb^Sr//riS(Tf , «- «3» \ effected ft permanent cure. Sines my di»enari« from th«
H3lVJlM\&ti/fr~~^rZ^ I * rm y ln 1S65 - l hav " never before found a-la«lna remedy."
l^fMn/fMlm^^^^ I — H. J. ileGwern, Hi Chaplina Street. Wheeling, W. Va.
\ " l was trOT >bled with something that baffled th« skill of
/Kp-Vy»i'/B9Sf y^ir**- \ physicians for 35 years; I nsed five boxes ol Cascareti and
£>//* lJ$im&H\i/.i4L SS Tfcfc, \ %m in b «« er h e*lth than eyer before."
ffl/i W/JrMMfi&Jt^H ¥W ~ c - c - B<!dick ' <**** Cit *, va.
KirM^^mrXM^i- ' . \ r A " Slx """th's ago I took- Casearets for constipation eon-
WMI^#3 'HL v / UA tracted during the War of th« Rebellion. Th» resull is
*f3rff L.* ? i f£?« >^-«9L** W> wonderful and I ad-rise all old soldiem to try lb«m."
t'kw 1 T?/f ll J& —Jas. Putman. late Capt. 53rd 111., Haney, "Wls.
'if 0 "I •"*« feelln* bad. losine flesh, had dull headache, eold
'^BmSwH rL-a» If feet, and couldn't sleep well. I took Cascarets, and in four
AT^^^kvi^r ~* 7l weeks trained IS pounds. Am feelina fine now."
jS * jJJ — A. B. Story, veteran Mexican and Civil Wars, Ipworth, la.
Angl "* k' TO been ns'.nsr Cascarets for some time for
AjsraSk . — ,-TrtBMB constipation, and their greatest benefit ha* been to
JwSssV StfSSifSSBSSws*? cnre mo of asthma. I am in my Mth rear and had
HgjgjHMaBggEI been suffering with asthma for years.'*
dfifHlffTywBffflftk riirTTffilltf«g^'M*^- "Being now in my 7tt& rear, I had suffered for
JBmBr fffit tSBSSHB CSy** five years from kidney trouble, disordered stomach,
- ClJUF WiBv indigestion, no appetite, twinges of rheumatism.
* %XT »IwSk ' After five weeks taking Casearets, all the above
VWv vT^SK. bodily annoyances were driven from my system. I
«L \| now xeel able to dance a break-down."
-■ »» —Prank O. JIahoney, West Side, Hannibal, 3f o.
, s All old people's muscles get weak and flabby, and it's the same
with the muscular walls of their intestines as with the muscles of their
arms. When the bowels grow wealc, the old folks get constipated,
bilious, sick, helpless/ irritable, and that's the chief cause of their
death. Old folks should take Cascarets Candy Cathartic bowel tonic,
keep their liver lively, their bowels regular and strong and live to be
a hundred. ';>: '
/f5Svv»>>t«'rt4rx Best for the Bowels. AH dru«l«ta, ioc, 250, 50c. Never sold la bulk.
VWwVvWwW The genuine tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your money
. . - ,jj»«^ back - Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. m
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For an Evening Call
A man's linen should be immaculate.
Your linen will be immaculate if you send
it to this laundry. We do only first class
work, and when it comes to linen we're
far in the lead.' Lots of people know this.
A trial of our work will convince you.
We call for and deliver.
No saw edges. . ]
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Straat.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlca— 54 San Pablo Ave.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsa
DRINK
v83't EaJI Ivj f PiJ PjpJ aTU
Best NATURAL Alkaline | Water
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
j
MARKET STSlXiy
nirr nntlll Corner Fourth and
FAFF RfiYu 2?*&i'i#
valises checked free
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:06 p 2:35 p .3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
. "Vlsalla.... 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ........
" KanCity 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. '
S:CO a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second'
cla&a tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
- 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:.*0
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleetiers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:C0 p. m.
dally. «
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
' at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
; land.
140RTH PACIFIC COAST RAlLROAtt
Via SauMllt* Ferry.
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
n-45 3:15. *:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-»8:0O. •10:00, *U:30 a. m.. 1:13.
815 *445 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:23. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:li
» m •12:25. 2:13, *Z:2o. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15.i'8:C0. -10:00. '11:45 a. m..
•1-40 *3:15 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5M5, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30 a. m..
12 35 2:45. 3:50,- 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. ' m.
SUNDAYS-8:05..10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:3J
■; -00 C'45 d. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
1 :45* p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . > •->:.'-'•' .-■
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills ond way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.'
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
8-30 A. j^. ntmiBt ,«„„ „ 7M 1.C0 p. M5 a.
ip I: L°$ A A : ffiiffi^?? & I: £S J:
1:15 p. *■ "■• *" k BwI " aIj - 5:55 T.
'U'S* ••■< Fan, 8« rruoba to SramU »nd falna, J1.00.
DrJwt Officu, «a JURSiT SIKZET ud BAG&ALRO 7X&3T,
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Ye^p,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralaa l««v* it ml nrt> da* t# nrrlf* a*
HAN I'ltANCINCO.
(Mala Line. Toot of Market Street.)
CKA-rs — Fkoii Notkmxhl 4. 1901. — AmJUTV
7 jOOa Benld*, Suiiaa, Etaair» tad Sacra-
manto...; «:35»
TiOOa V»c»Til]e, Winten, Robomj ?l33y
?(3Oa Martinez, San ltBiaoo.ValleJa. Naps*
Calt»tog»»udS»ut* Row «:33r
S:O<> A D»fls, Woodland. Ko!f nti Landing,
M»rj8Tille, OroTtll«_ TlSS*
- 8tOO« Atlmtlo Kxpros»-~Ofden *»i Km* «i*9a,
•sOOa Van. Lathrop. Stockton 3*K>»
■tttOANUes, MeadoU, Hanford. VImU*.
PorterrUIe........ 4»3S»
• :30a Shaate Express— Datta, Wllll»m» (for
Bartlatt 8prlngi>. WlUowa, Bed
Bluff. PortUud....- .- 7iS*»
•iSOa Ban Joia, Lirermor*. 8iockton. "V
' lone, Sacramsntoi ■ - PUaerrllle,
M*rjt»ille. Chico, IWt Bluff 4tl9»
SiSO a Oakdale, Chinese, Bonora, Cartels... 4i5M»
»:•«* Hayward. NIlea and Way Stations.. 1 1 :»»*
•t«OA Vallajo lai*3>
•<O«A Los ▲ncelea Exprema — UarttMS.
Tracy, Xathrop, Stockton, Maroml
Fremo aud Los Angolas Tj**»
•HO a Vallcjo, MuthMi and Way Stations 9iS»»
lOtttOA The OTerUndLlmlUd— Ofdaa, Den-
T«r, Omaha. Chicago »>*»»
fliOOp Saeramanto lilt er Stoamera.. it !>*»»
««30r Hayward. NIUs and Way SUMons.. TiSS»
••lOorllenld*. Wtetats, BaaramanM^ . :
Woodland, Kniglits Landloi.
lUrj8TlHr,OroiIll«..... H:33*
iiOOr Mirtluex, H»u ltamon, Vallejo,
Nana.Uallihxa. Santa ICota...... •'*•"» \
4t—T NUe», Lltermore. StocktoD. Lodl... 1 *.'4&»
4i»ur Hayward. Mlea, Hau Jon, Umtnora t9>»»*
«tS*r Port Coat*, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton UiiSSa
SiVOr The Owl Limited— Fraano, Tulaio, ■ .
B*kinfl«Id, fianpif (or 8»nt» Cu-
ban, Loa Ant des »iM»
SiOOr Martinez. AnUoch, Stockton, M«r-
aed^mmo llfeU*
■>SOr New . Orleans 15ir»a»i Mandota.
Frasna, Bakanfield. Loa Aacel«*.
Demlns. El Paso, Now Orlaaoa ' ■- '
and East 7t3S»
«i«Op Bsfward, KUss and 8aa Jom. ...... 9tS34
ftiOOr Vallejo Il>83t
•i«or Oriental Jl»ll-Oidea, Oheionn*.
Omaha. Cbieaxo «i23*
•tOOv Ortontal Mail— Ogdan, Denrar.
at Louli. Chicago. «>S»P
TiOOr Oregou aud California Kxpres»,Hao>
Miiieutii, Mary it ills. ](t<l<tfliff,
Portlamt, Pngek Hound and Rut Il33*
■iwBrSaa Pablo, Port Coata, Martian
and Way Stations . Hi***
|»i».1y Vall.lo itftJl^
COAST IjINK (Narrotr ««■«•).'
(Foot ot Market Stroat.)
«il»*Nawaik.Centerflll8,«anJoie,Felton,
Bonldor Ctsak.Sauta Of ns and Way
atattoiia ai3»»
!*•«»* Kawark OantenlUaw Ban .To««, New
Almadan. Fulton. ItouMar Creek.
Santa Cm* and Principal Way
Stationt Iwifl**
4il»r Newark, Man Jose, Los Gatos fSs3u»
«9.3o p Huaters' Train— Saa Jos* and Way
; Statlona U.*«*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnu Sil rSiSCISCO-Fwi »t Marktt Strut (Sli? !)-
t7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 1:99 8:18 TM.
turn (UUK3— r«L!Bri«4«»T.— f«:00 tfM !S:OJ
10:00«.M. U:C0 8:08 4:03 r.W. _
COAST LJNE (Broa.l flange).
(Third and Townsend SU.) '■'■■•'>>•?■
«:!«« Ban Joae and Way HUtlons....^.... O«8«y
7:00a Han Joae and Way Stations.... ItSUp
/7>h«a Naw Alinatlni / 4tl«#
u.ooa Mau Jnaa. Tres Finos. Haiita Cma.
- . Paetite Utsn, MaHnaa. ten Lola
Oblapo, Santa Barbara and Prla.
dpal intermedUtaMtatloiis 7i43r
lOtSvA San Jose mud Way Station*.. , 4il Or
1 IiXOa 8au Joss ami Way .Stations SiSttty
t*i-«3r San Jlateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, S»n .lose. .
Trwi Plnos, Saiita Crox. Salinaa. - '
Montarej ami PaoiQe (Iroro f"*'***
KiXOp S»n Jose and Wsy Stations. OsSO*
f4:I5r San Jtwean.l Principal Way Stations U: IS*
♦5:00r San Jose, Los Gatos sud Prlndpal
Way Stations fOiOOt
BiSOp San Jos* and Principal Way Stations 8:3©*
SiOOr Redwood. Han Jo»». Gllroy. Salinaa,
Santa Barbara, Lch Angsles...... 1O:O3»
flr.'lOr San. Iojs ami WayMUtions v ♦»!«»*
«Hi45p3an Joae ami Way Stations •>»<>>
A for Moniiuj. / P for Afternoon,
t Sunday •zoapted. / t Sunday only.
* Saturday only_. / /Toeadaysaad TrfaUy*
CALlf OBNIA HQRTflVESTEMI £1 C*
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH FACIf 1&
RAILWAY COaPANT.
Tlburon F«rry. fm*. 1 ***** A
— __
San Fr>ans!«co to San Rafaoi.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 ' a, in.; 11 :J5
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kztra trips at Via
and 11:30 p. m.
SVNDATS-S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
: 6:00. «:20 p. m.
Saa Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Ji
and 6:25 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-S:10. 3:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6-.IS p. m.
Leave I In Effect . I Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28, 1901. | Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:C5 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm t:tO pin
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 ftra
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
. • Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:09 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Gu erne villa. 7:35 pm
»:30 pm 5:00 pm <:S0 pin
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 5T5 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:C0pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm «:20 pm,
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am(19:25 am
3:30 pmj 6:00 pm[ SebastopoL | 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«st
Springs and White Sulphur Spring's; at Futtoa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Clovcrdal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Dunes a
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah (or Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, W»tt<r
tiprtngs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, liucknell*.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr^s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen"s, Dyer, ScctU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«- ..
duced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .- • _
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicl*
Tairairoa k. x. rtax.
Gen. Manager. ■ Gen. Para. Art.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary;
61S> EE.4B.VT ST. JCsUbllsQed
In 1934 forth* treatment of r/rlv»t«
Dl.iei.ies. Loxt Kanbood. Debility or
dl*«»ss« wearlngon body and mtnd and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor eorttwMS
others fail. Try him. Charjces tow.
Careagnaronteea, Call or writ*
Dr. JT. «•. MB3OX. 8au JTrandace. Cal. _ ■
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sharp rise in Sugar.
Sterling Exchange advanced. Domestic unchanged.
Silver lower again. ■
Wheat advanced and the other grains firmer.
Hay and Feedstuff s weak. Beans also dull and weak.
Potatoes weak and in good supply. Onions rather easier.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Game selling well and in better condition.
Butter and Eggs weak and the latter lower.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before.
Provisions very firm, but unchanged.
Hogs easy^at the recent decline.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain In warehouse and on
wharf December 1 as folh>ws,ln tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costa. November 1 86,539 48.322
Port Costa. December 1 68.077 35,302
Stockton. November 1 64,585 18,503
Stockton. December 1 55,951 15.3S6
San Francisco. November 1.... 826 3,469
£an Francisco. December 1.... 689 3,213
Oats. Corn. Bran.
November 1 7,280 220 - 423
December 1 7,500 206 305
Receipts in November were 36,414 tons barley,
€33 tens oats. 521 tons corn and 1366 tons bran.
Weather Report
O20th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last * This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 34 11.27 15.41
Red Bluff 42 8.63 6.74
Sacramento 40 5.19 6.30
San Francisco 34 5.24 5.83
Freeno 10 2.09 6.10
Independence 04 1.33 2.18
San Luis Obispo 00 4.44 9.94
Los Angeles 00 2.44 6.79
San Diego 00 0.75 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
62; minimum. 52; mean. 57.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 50-40,Omaha ....40-18
Cincinnati 68-40 1 Duluth 36-12
Washington 54-SSjSalt Lake City 48-44
Jacksonville 68-501 Chicago 58-36
Kansas City 48-32J St. Louis 62-30
JCew Tork 46-40 'Philadelphia. 50-40
THE COAST RECORD.
stations. B Bg-BB^ft •■• g
• • • • l v
Astoria 29.94 64 46 S * Cloudy . .30
Baker 30.02 44 28 NE Rain .28
Carson 30.04 58 30 N Cloudy .08
Eureka 30.10 62 56 S Cloudy .04
Fresno 30.04 62 48 SW Pt Cldy .10
Flagstaff 30.16 58 48 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Idaho.30.C2 42 38 SE Rain -.36
Independence ....29.98 62 36 NW Clear .04
Los Angeles 29.92 78 52 TV' Clear .00
Phoenix 29.90 76 44 N Pt Cldy .00
Portland 28.96 50 48 MV Cloudy .36
Red Bluff 30.-C8 56 54 SW Cloudy .42
Roseburg S0.02 GO 50 SW Cloudy .42
Sacramento 30.10 58 44 8 Cloudy .40
t^it Lake 30.02 50 44 S Cloudy .02
San Francisco... 30.10 62 52 SW Cloudy 34
San Luis Obispo.2Ci.nc 70 54 W - dear 00
San Diego 29.92 72 58 N~W Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.92 52 44 S Cloudy .02
Spokane 30.04 42 S8 N Rain .02
Neah Bay 29.84 E2 46 SW Rain .16
Walla Walla ....30.00 44 42 SW Cloudy 04
Winnemucca 30.00 46 44 SW Cloudy 63
Tuma 29.86 72 50 E Clear^- .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 54 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slightly along the
coast of Korthern California, but will probably
fall again on Tuesday. Unsettleed weather pre
vails generally on the coast. Rain has fallen
north of the Tehachapl and also in Nevada
and Utah. High westerly winds are reported
In Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 3 1901-
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Tuesday, with occasional showers; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, possi
bly showers; light southwest winds
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; brisk" westerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday
with occasional showers; fresh southwest
*1 n<! 9. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nrju York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 2.-^>ecided weakness de
veloped in the stock market to-day after some
early exhibition of strength, and the last prices
of tiie day show considerable net losses and
all of the earlier grains wired out. The prin
cipal factor in the early strength was the re
covery In Amalgamated Copper and the de
cided rebound In the price of raw copper in
London. The reaction was based on the gold
exports and apprehensions that the President's
message to be sent to Congress to-morrow
would take strong grounds against great com
binations of corporations, with unfavorable
effect upon the market values of their shares.
A flurry developed in the call money market,
which later in the day accentuated the weak
ness in the closing dealings in stocks Pro
fessional bear operators were active in the de
cline and followed vieorous manipulative tac
tics, but they met with little resistance to
tnejr efforts in the way of supporting orders
ana the market was apparently lett unpro
tected. The resultant uncovering of stop-loss
oroers dislodged some large amounts of stock
especially amont the industrials, the trans
continental railways and the Vanderbilts,
which have been lifted on persistent reports ot
deals end mergers. The violence of the re
covery in raw copper in London pointed to the
conclusion that taaturday's demoralized break
was due to speculative short selling or that
later information was changed from that
which nrompted the selling. The recovery in
Amalgamated Copper reached to 76%, but the
etocR slumped atain to 72%. helping to upset
the market. Louisville and Nashville, South
ern Railway preferred. Southern Pacific ani
fcugar were prominent features of the upward
movement and Long Island became strong and
active at an advance of 4%. The announce
ment of gold exports to the amount of $2 000 -
000 was the turning point of the market, al
though considerable resistance was offered to
the decline after the announcement was made
The outward movement of gold had been gen
erally expected and speculators for the advance
tried to belittle its importance. Their efforts
were pertly successful until the party of reac
tion was reinforced by the anxiety over the
effect of the President's message and possible
Congressional action on the subject of cord
liinarior.s and the flurry in . call money. The
earlier ease of the money market and the late
ness of the hour at which the rise in rates
occurred gave rise to the supposition that it
might be partly due to manipulation. There
was a large disbursement of dividends and in
terest durins the day, but the effect of such
disbursements is likely to be somewhat be
lated in the New York money market. There
v.as a drop in New York exchange at Chicago
to 48 tftnts discount, which indicated some re
neweo requirements for funds at that center.
Bonds were moderately active and irregular
Total sales, t2.230.CO0. United States refunding
it. advanced % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Btocks— Sale3 High Low Close
Atchlson 23.500 KOVt 78% 79
Atchlson pfd «,800 100% 99% 99U
Baltimore & Ohio 9.100 105>4 103% 103%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 200 95% 954 95H
Canadian Pacific 1,800 114 112% H2»i
Canada. Southern 800 86H 85 84
Chesapeake & Ohio 7,000 49 48 48
'X'sri. & Alton 600 36% 36 36
Chicago & Alton . pfd.. 200 77% 77H 77%
Chicago Ind & Louis... L000 48% 47% 47H
Chicago Ind & L pfd... 400 . 75 74% 74%
Chicago & Eastern 111.. 400 137% 137% 137%
Chicago & Great West. 3.000 24% 24% 24%
Chicago & G W A pfd. 100 88 88 . 86%
Chicago & G W B pfd. .... 46 .
Chicago & Northwestern ..... .... .- .... 205
Chicago R I & Pac.... L200 146% I46H 146%
Chicago Term & Trans.. 100 19% 19% 19%
Chicago Term & T pfd. 800 36% 36 36»i
C C C & St Louis 1,400 98% 96% 96%
Colorado Southern ...... 1,600 14% U% 14H
Colo Southern 1st pfd. 1,200 58% 57% 57%
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 300 27% 27 27-
Delaware & Hudson 172-i
Delaware Lack & West. 300 242 242 24U
Denver & Rio Grande 45
Denver & Rio G pfd.... 800 94 93% 93%
Erie 14,400 42% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd 5.400 73 7294 72%
Erie 2d pfd 1,700 59% 68 57%
Great Northern pfd .... 600 192 191 191
Hocking Valley 1,900 64 63»i 63%
Hocking Valley pfd .... 500 82 81 80%
Illinois Central L200 140% 139% 139%
Iowa Central 100 38% 38% 3SVi
Iowa Central pfd 100 -toys 75%. 72
Lake Erie & Western.. 400 72" 71%' 72
Lake Erie & W pfd 130
Louisville & Nashville.. 54,800 110% 108% 108%
Manhattan L 44.300 139% 137% 137%
Metropolitan St Ry .:.. 6,300 166 164% 164^
Mexican Central 2,900 24% 23% 23%
Mexican National 2.200 la£ 14*4 142
Minneapolis & St Louis. ."/. .. % i5s£
Missouri Pacific 7,100 102% 101 101
Missouri Kansas & Tex 200 26^4 26U 26
Missouri Kan & T pfd. 300 53 52% 52%
New Jersey Central .... 100 181% 181% 180
New York Central 18,200 170% 167% 167%
.Norfolk & Western 10,500 60% 59% 69%
\ortolk& Western ptd.. 'iCO 91% 91% 91%
Ontario & "Western 8,900 35% 34% 34%
Reading 35400 50% 49 7? 49 /»
Reading 1st pfd 3 500 80^ 79t£ nit
It pa O d ! pfd":::: «- 700 169 ™% m
Southern Paciflc ...'...W 36'700 6l" wii w
Southern Railway 21 100 ' 34« 9$ f$
Southern Railway pfd.. 5 900 li 92U w
a d s o & st p rk fi v-- { -™ & S \&
Toledo st l & w pfd'.: ::::: «
IiLr !S lE'-'''''-''1 : ilf ill
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 200 30% 36" 29
Wisconsin Central ...... 300 21'1 21 5i u
Wisconsin Central pfd. 200 04 «% «H
Express Companies— ™ %
Adams • .
LS^Vtes-;:;: <i56 > r m 1
Wells Fargo ."'. ,|2
, Miscellaneous— 180
Axnalgramated Copper 13 500 76*4 72V ?ai/
Am Car & FoundrV. 500 29 28% 28 1
Am Car & F.lry pfd 600 S5% 85 * «%
American Linseed Oil... Vr
Am Linseed Oil pfd '" "■••"•• "
Am Smelting: A Ref 300 44" 42% 42V'
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 1.000 97 $iv 9?
Anaconda Mlnlne Co.... 8.S0O 31% 3o4 SOU
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 19,100 64% 62 62U
Colorado Fuel & Iron... ~ioo 92% 92% 02
Consolidated Gas 2,000 220 218$ 21SU
General Electric 1 400 279 275% 275
Glucosa Suear n ~% 7 ,
Hocking Coal 18% is" ig
International Pazjer .... £000 21 20% 20%
International Paper pfd ... * 77^
International Power ... 100 96" 96" 90
Laclede Gas . .ggu
National Biscuit 300 43" 43" -42V
National I.ead " ?! %
saasa.K'^5: i66 ki " E s
pa o cif]c A c™ a ?t ca . n .:.v:".:: " SSS g? S?
Pacific Mail 1 000 47U 46U 4BU
People's Gas t^oo 99 98»l 98^
Pressed Steel Car 100 42% 42% f>V.
Pressed Steel Car pfd... " " is
Pullman Palace Car "" 21S
Republic Steel 400 ieii 1574 i?»t
Republic Steel pfd 260 69H 69H 69'*
Sugar ....... 30.300 126% 123% 123%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3.400 65 63% 63
Union Bag & Paper Co. 700 15 U\' t un.
Union Bag & P Co pfd 74
Unlted States Leather.. 2.S00 12% H" 11%
U S Leather pfd 900 82% »2M 82%
United States Rubber... 400 15% 15% 15
Tj S Rubber nfd 52
United States Steel 32.800 43% 42% 42W
United States Steel pfd. 40.6P0 94 92% 9»%
\Vostern Union 700 91% 91U 9m
American Locomotive... 1.300 32% 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd 1,000 88% 88% 88
Total shares sold.... 850. 700
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, .Hocking Val 4%s..lO8
reg lOSVi L & Nash uni 4s. .102%
do coup lC8%|Mex Cent 4s 83%
do 3s reg IOS',4 do 1st Inc 31
do coup 1OS74 Minn & St L 4s.. .103
do new 4s reg....l39Vi M K & T 4s.. ..I.. 9S%
do coup 139'a do 2ds ./ 81%
do old 4s reg....lllVi N Y Cent lsts 105%
do coup 112% N Y Cent g 3%s...llO
<Jo 5s reg 107% N J Cent g 5s 131
do coup i07Vi North Pac 4s 105«i
Atchlson gen 4s... 103 do 3s 72%
do adj 4s 94 Norf & W con 4s.!lO2V*
Bait & Ohio 4s. ...10314 Reading gen 4s... 99V
do 3%s 96% St L & I M con 5s.ll6%
do conv 4s 104% St L & S F 4s 96%
Can South 2ds.....lO9 St Louis S W lsts. 97
Cent of Ga 5s 107 ao 2ds 73%
<Jo 1st inc 77 S A & Ar Passes! 89TW
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7 South Pac 4s.... 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s... 86V1 South Ry 5s.... 120%
C B & Q new 4s.. 97% Tex & Pac Ists...'ll8%
C M & St P g 4s.. 112 JTol St L & \V 4s.. 81%
C & N W con 7s.. 140% Union Pac 4s 106%
C R I & Pac 4s...lC6%l do conv 4s 10574
C C C & St L g 4s. 102% Wabash lsts 'll9
Chi Term 4s 91% do 2ds in
Colo South 4s 89% do deb B 61V
Den & R Grnde 48.103 West Shore 4s...."ll37,£
Erie prior Hen 4s.lO0% W & Lake Erie 4s. 91V
do gen 4s 90% Wis Cent 4s 89%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 104% Con Tob 4s 63V4
v NEW YORK MINING STOCKa
Adams Con 18 1 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 9 25
Ereece 75 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con ... 13 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi ;.. oi
Con Cal & Va 155 Savage j " 03
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada C8
Horn Sliver 1 90 Small Hopes .. " 40
Iron Silver .60 Standard 3 85
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westngh Common. 72%
Call loans 4@5 Mining- *
Time loans 4@5 Adventure ... 20
Bonds— Allouez ".. 41;
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated .. 7314
Mex Cent 4s 81% Baltic ' 441J
N E G & Coke — 61 Bingham ...... 28
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.:640'
Atchison 78% Centennial 16'
do prefd 99 Copper Range .... 65
Boston & Albany.. 258 Dora Coal . 46%
Boston & Maine. ..189 Franklin ; 13%
Boston Elevated ..165 Iaie itoyale 22
N Y N H & H....213% Mohawk 40
Fitchburg prefd.... 142% Old Dominion 25li
Union Paciflc 101% Parrot 34%
Mex Cent 23% Qulncy .loO
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper.. 3%
Am Sugar 123% Tamarack ..270
Am Tel & Tel 160 Trtmountain 41
Dom Iron & Steel. 27 Trinity 25 "
Gen Electric 276 United States 15 -
N E G & Coke 6% Utah ............... 21
United Fruit ...... 87% Victoria 6%
U S Steel 42% Wlnona 2
do prefd S2%'Wolverine 67%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— Money on call was
firm at 3%@6 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling
exchange was easier, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand and
at . $4 S4%@4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 85@4 88%; commercial bills, $4 83%@4 83%.
Bar 6ilver. 54Vic Mexican dollars, 44%c. Bonds
— Governments, strong; States, - inactive; rail
roads, lrrerular. . • . .
Condition of thejTredsury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance. $167,010, 664; gold. $107,539,886.
London Market.
NEW. YORK. Dec. 2.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day had a more cheerful
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
i2r. e »£ n * a i renewaI °' the rumors from Bros-'
« ti r at 8te P 8 a re In contemplation for an end
of Boer hostilities. Another favorable factor
was^a rally in copper of £4. Rio Tintos closed
t Th i e ■•* me rican department opened steady.
Louisville and Nashville. St. Paul and Atchi
son.were above parity. New York gave early
support to United States Steel, Southern Pa
cifice'and Louisville and Nashville. The lat
ter spurted to 113 and then, New York sales of
L.nion Paciflc caused a see-saw movement. Th"
sales WaS dUl1 ' Sllver ls 25 l-16d on New York
CLOSING.
e LONDON, Dec. 2.-Anaconda. 6%; Atchlson,
81%; Atchlson preferred, -103; Canadian Pa
cific. 116%: Denver and Rio Grande, 4614; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred. 96%; Northern
Paciflc t)ref erred. 103%; Southern Paciflc. 61%:
Union Pacific,- 105%.- Bar sliver, weak, 26 l-16d
per ounce. Money, 3@3% per cent.\
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— FLOUR-Receipts,
28,273 barrels; exports." 35,988 barrel's; more ac
tive and 'firmer In tone." " . .
• WHEAT— Receipts, .208,050 . bushels; exports,
67,534 bushels; spot firmer; No. 2 red, 85c f.
o. b~. afloat; No. 2 red, S2%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83%c , f. • o. b. afloat ; No. 1
hard Duluth, 90c f. o. b. afloat. Options were
firm and active all day. except for a brief mid
day reaction on the big visible supply increase.
Smaller Northwest receipts, a decrease on pas
sage'and scant offerings helped the advance*
closed strong at 1%@1%c net advance. March
83H@.84%e. closed at 81&C; May, 82 7-16@83 l-16c
closed at 83%c; December, 80%@S2c, closed
HOPS-Qulet ,
WOOL— Quiet,
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 8 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures
closed 5@15 points net lower; sales, 26,000 bags
including December, $6 60: January, $6 6o@6 70-
March. $6 S0@6 90; May, $7@7 05; July. $7 15@
7 25; September, ?7 35@7 40. •
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3tfc;'cen.
trlfugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c; re
fined, steady. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 6000 packages; firmer-
State dairy. 15@23%c; creamery. 16@25%c: June
creamery, lS@22c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6700 packages; dull and easy;
Western at mark. 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was steady
State, common to good, 6@8%c; prime. 9®9%c
choice, 9%®9%c; fancy. io@io%c. California
dried fruits were Eteady, but not active.
Prunes, 3%@7c. Apricots— Royal, 10@14c; Moor
park, 9%@13c. Peaches— Peeled, 12@19c; un
peeled. 7©10%c. ■ .'
Chicago Grain Market
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.— Wheat was easily the
leader over everything else on the floor and
ruled uniformly strong. The speculation was
the heaviest in weeks and of the kind" traders
have been longing and hoping for. Cables were
a trifle down, but were considered remarkably
firm, considering conditions here at the last
session. Northwest receipts showed a marked
falling off, though they were still heavy. The
*¥? n U 2$ °v on passage had decreased
2.840,000 bushels, but the strong bullish argu
ment was the fact that this was delivery day
ror December options and something under 500 -
000 bushels was all that was delivered. Added
to this was the continued report of bad weather
in the Southwest for the winter crop. This
aggregation of bullish arguments started prices
upward with a boom. Even the bearish report
of an increase of 3,484,000 bushels in the visible
supply had only a temporary depressing effect
December opened a shade lower to a shade
higher at 73@73%c, sold up to 74%c and closed
strong, lc up, at 74@74%c. May opened »4c
higher to %c lower at 77U@77%o, touched 7S%c
and closed strong. l%@l%c higher, at 7814®
The corn pit was almost deserted for wheat
Xrade was dull and ruled easier early, but
strengthened in sympathy with wheat. De
cember closed steady. %c up. at 62%c and May
%c ud at 64%c.
Oats experienced a steady and indifferent
43»4@«%? a C a Bhade hlsher at
Provisions sagged off early on the heavy run
of hogs at the yards. There was a good re
covery later on a fair country demand Janu-,
ary pork closed 2%c up. lard and ribs un
chansed.
The leading futures ranged as follows: *
- wS' 01 * 8^' . Open - High - Low - Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 73% 74^ 73 74
*3£wzp: m 7SV4 76% 78 *
Ju oats"No."^"- mi Gi% 64 » 6^
December 42 42% 42 42%
J ulv 3S% 39% 38% 39
May 43% 4314 t i" 4,j,
Mess Pork, per barrel- * * 3%
January 16 10 16 25 16 10 16 25
M T av • - 16 45 16 60 16 45 16 60
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 9 55 9 57% 9 55 9 57%
January 942% 9 57% 9 42% 9 55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
January 8 37% 8 J7% 8 32% 8 37%
May 8 45 8 52% 8 45 8 52%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 71@72%c:
No. 2 red, 77078c; No. 2 oats, 43%©45%c- No 2
white. 45%@46%c; No. 3 white, 46@47c- No' 2
'Y^ Gi<B S^ ViC , ; J alr to cholce malting 'barley.
o9@62c; No. 1 flaaseed. *1 39; No. 1 Northwest!
ern, *1 39; prime timothy seed, $6 10; mess pork
per barrel. $15 30@15 35; lard, per 100 pounds
$9 55@9 57%; short ribs sides (loose), $g Sio'
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7U@7%c- short
clear sides (boxed). $8 70@8 82%; whisky, basis
J9 1? wlnes . *1 32; clover, contract grade,
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 61,000 51 nnn
Wheat, bushels U4 000 255 000
Corn, bushels ....12S0O0 SOj'ooo
Oats, bushels 4I9.O0O 260.2oO
Rye bushels 30.000 ' 1 OOO
Barley, bushels 127,000 22|0OO
.On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
ma > r ,« et was nrm - Crean »eries. 14@24%c; dairies
13@20c.' Cheese, steady; 9V4@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 24c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— * March. May
Opening 5 11% 6 %
Closing 6 00 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening ; 2170 22 60
Closing 2195. 22 75
Flour-
Opening 27 40 28 60
Closing ,-. 27 55 28 75
Eastern. Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000, including 500. Westerns; steady, to strong;
fancy cattle, $7 E0@>9; goodto prime, $6 35@7 30;
poor to medium, $3 90@6 90; stockers and feed
ers, $2@4 25; cows, $1 25@5; heifers, $2@5 50;
canners, $1 25@2 50; bulls. $2@4 40; calves, }2 E0
@5; Western' steers. $3 50@5.
• HOGS— Receipts to-day. 60, COO; 10@15c lower
mixed and butchers, $5 65@6 15; good to choice
heavy. $5 90@6 15; : rough heavy, $5 40@5 70
light, $3@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 70@5 90.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 34,000; sheep steady.to 10c
lower; ,'ambs weak, " closed stronger; good to
choice wethers. $3 50@4 25; fair to choice mixed
$2 75@3 £0; Western sheep. $3@4; native lambs'
$2 75@5; Western lambs, $3@4 25. • '
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. 2.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1400; steady to 10c higher; natives $3 35
@7; cows and heifers. $1 25@5 40; veals $2 500
5 25; bulls and stags, $2 25@5; stockers and feed
ers, $2@4 30. ■ ... .
HOGS— Receipts. 6500; market , strong to 5c
higher; light and light mixed, $5 70@6 25- me
dium and heavy, $5 90@6 30; pigs, $3 85@5 10
SHEEP— Receipts. 250; market steady and
slow."
New York Metal Market.
NEW\ YORK, Dec. 2.— Tin , , was . decidedly
lower at New York to-day, caused by unload
ing of spot supplies. • Trading . was active at
times and the market finally closed weak • with
spot quoted at $25 75. At ; London, however,
trading was. slow! and values were without
change, thus spot was quoted at £113 2s 6d and
futures at £105 5s. Copper. in London had a
reaction to-day and . before the ' close of busi
ness values, had reached a point £4 above
Friday's close, with spot quoted at; £61 12s 6d
and futures at £60 2s.6d. Trading ■ was very
active. Locally a slow market was noted but
a steady feeling prevailed in copper, with lake
quoted at $17 and casting at $16 37%@16 62%
Exports of copper. during. November amounted
to 6627 tons, making a total of 83,588 tons for
the past eleven : months, or a decrease of 67,e23
tons, as contrasted with last year's figures for
the ■ same period. Lead at : New - York ' and in
London closed ' at > $4 87% and £11 • Is 3d ; re
spectively, i Spelter declined 2s , 6d at London
to- £16 10s. for while at New-. York the
market was quiet and nominally Quoted at
*4 30. Iron was steady and unchanged. Pig
iron warrants, $10 50@ll 60; ' No. 1 northern
foundry. $15@lC;.Ko. 2 foundry, southern, $14®
15; No. 1 foundry, southlrn, $14 50@15 50; No. 1
foundry, southern, soft, $14 50@16. Glasgow
Iron warrants closed at 55s 9d and Middlesboro
closed at 42s 9d.
i New York Cotton Market
NEW . YORK, Dec.. 2.— The , cotton - market
closed 2@4 points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— Consols, 91; silver, 25 l-16d;
French rentes, loif 32%c: -cargoes on passage,
firm but not active; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 4^d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s
9d; English country markets,* firm; import
Into United Kingdom, wheat. 413,000; import
into United KinKdom, flour, 351,000; wheat and
flour on passa*re- to United Kingdom, 2,550,000;,
■wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,510,
000; Indian shipments wheat to United King
dom, 11.000: Indian shipments wheat to Con
tinent, none. :. ; - ■ . • '
LIVERPOOL, ' Dec. 2.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard ..California, 5s ll%d@6s; wheat In
Paris, steady;, flour in Paris, steady; French
country ' markets, Dart cheaper; . weather In'
England, overcast.
! COTTON-Uplands, ' 4 5-16d.
; : * : :. closing.
« HOPS— At London— Paciflc Coast, steady, £3
Es@£4. ; . -. .
; P.' "London Wool' Sales.
'; ■;■:'■■•. •" ■. . _____ '
! LONDON, Dec. 2.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales numbered 14,100 bales/including
a good selection of New Zealand, which was In
good demand at firmer prices. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal were taken freely.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec, 2.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
69%@60c; bluestem. 61c; valley, 59c.
Cleared— Danish bark Princess for Queens
town,' with , 24,345 barrels flour; Norwegian
steamer Tiger for Antwerp, with 151,421 bush
els wheat. ■••;...■
' ' • V ; ..' ... WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 2.— Wheat lc higher. Blue-
Btem, 60^c; club,- 59% c. '
Portland's Business. ,
. PORTLAND, Or., Dec. l-Clearinjrs, $703,
868; balances, $170,397. ?
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bidlion.
Sterling Exchange Is higher. New York Ex
change remains unchanged. Silver is lower.
. New York Exchange advanced.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 54V*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45% @ 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued firm
and Paris and Liverpool ' futures were higher.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows, in quarters': Russian, 252,000; Danu
blan, 203,000; Argentine, 1000; Indian, 11,000;
Australian, 10,000. The quantity on passage de
creased 3,000,000 bushels. The American visible
supply - increased 3,484,000 bushels, but is still
10,000,000 bushels lessVhan last year.
Chicago opened firm and active, and ad
vanced l%c. The Southwest were good buyers
and there was brisk speculative buying, based
on»the large foreign and domestic demand for
consumption. Exporters reported an improv
ing English and Continental demand and the
French were free buyers at St. Louis. Minne
apolis reported a good cash demand for wheat.
and all mills crowded with orders for flour.
One big mill sold 240,000 barrels of flour last
week. Minneapolis parties predict a continued
decreased movement in wheat, apparent for
the first time yesterday.
This market was firm, with an advance in
futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling,
fl C2%@1 05 per ctl. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Dacember— 2000
ctls, $1 00%; 2000, Jl 01. May— 40,000, $1 06.
Second Session— May— 6C00 ctls, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session — December— €000
ctls, 81 01; '2000, J101V4: 12,000, $101%; 10,000,
fl 01%. May— 6000, fl 06; 2000, fl 05%.
Afternoon Session— May— 14,000 ctls, fl 05%.
BARLEY— Almost. all dealers report a firmer
market, though there is no particular improve
ment in the demand.
Feed, 75@76Vic for choice bright, /72%@73%c for
No. 1 and 70c for off grades; brewing and ship
ping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 80c@fl per
ctl. ___
CALL BOARD SALES. I
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales,
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is -quoted in firm tone,
especially for red descriptions, which are
wanted both for seed and feed. Prices, how
ever, stand the same.
There is less speculation in Chicago while
the cash demand is also less urgent.
Grays, fl 10@l 22%; whites, fl 15@1 27%; Sur
prise, fl 30@l 32%; black. fl@l 20, and red,
f 1 12%@1 17% per ctl for feed and fl 20©l 30 for
seed. • ....
CORN— The local feeling is firm, In sympathy
with tho other grains, but there is no change
in prices. The Chicago market is quieter, but
the interior situation in the West is as strong
as ever.
The San Francisco market is quoted as fol
lows: Spot— Large yellow, $1 35@1 37%; white
Jl 42%@1 45. To arrive— Jl 25@1 32% per ctl for
all kinds, according to dryness.
RYE— Is firm at 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at fl 65 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (S3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75, per. barrel for family and
%Z 73@3 for Bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
(^3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows.* usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 .lbs; Rye Flour. $275; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy'
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6S5@S35;
in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Weakness characterizes all descriptions under
this head, owing mainly to the fine growing
weather, but prices show no further decline.
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton. . ■'-'. .'TiA •.-;
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 EO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@23; jobbing, $23 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $31 50
@32; Cracked Corn, $S2g32 50; Mixed Feed S16
©17.
HAY— Wheat. $9@11: fancy. $11 60@12; Wheat
and Oat. $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat
$7®9; Alfalfa, $8©9 50; Clover, $6@7; Volun
teer, $5 50(gS; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW-30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull and easy. Pinks leading
in weakness. They are freely offered. Quo
tations stand . about ; the same. :
. BEANS— Bayos,"$2 35<g2 60; Small White. 12 73
@3 15; Laree . White, $2 S0@3; Pea. $3 50@4-
Pink, $175@2; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 MO 1
3 70 ; Limas, $4 40@4 50 ; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4
per ctl. :. ■ •■■'. • . ' ■ -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, %% 25@3 50 ; Flax, - $2 G5<S3 25 ; Canary
3V4@3'/4c for Eastern; Alfalfa/ from Utah. 8V4c-
Kape, 1%®1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. -
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 »o@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl. v.Mf^v
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were liberal again, be
ing 7202 sacks, including 3494 from Oregon." The
latter are a shade lower, and -the river de
scriptions are; also weak, there. being no ship
ping demand of any consequence at the ; mo
ment. ' ' ■
•Receipts of Onions from Oregon are falling
off, as they are now higher there than here
: Many Los Angeles Peas are arriving wet and
overheated, and such stock veils as low as 2c
Local Peas and String Beans j are no longer
worth . quoting. . Most of the . Lima Beans are
arriving in bad condition." Tomatoes are doing
■better, under light receipts.' Egg Plant from
Los Angeles brought. 75c per lb
POTATOES— 75c@$l for- Burbanks from the
river;' Salinas Burbanks, $1 3U@1 60: Oregon
Burbanks. $1 25@1 45; River/ Reds, $1 35@1 60-
Sweets. 35@40c for Rivers and 85c for Mer
ced.- ■.-■.-■'■-'•■,■. ■•■■.- ■ ■ ■
» S NI £. N . S ,~ $ is 75 ® 2 15 P er c ": Oregons, $2 15®
2 25 ; Pickle Onions, 75c per ctl.' . —
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los Ange
les, 5@7c ;; String Beans from Los Angeles, 5®
7c ; > Limas, 2%@6c ; , Cabbage, . 25@40c , per ctr-
Tomatoes from Alameda, : 40®S5c; Dried Pep
pers, 10@15c : Dried Okra, 12%@20c per lb ;
Carrots, - 25@35c ' per •; sack ; Cucumbers," 50@75c :
Pickles. 2%«3c per lb for small and l@l%c for
large; Garllc.v lH@2%c; ■■ Green Peppers. 40@50c
per : box for Chile < and ■- 40@50c for Bell : Egg
Plant 50c@$l per box ; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles. 75@85c ; ~ Marrowfat Squash, $8
@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, J8@10; Mush
rooms 6@12V4c per, lb.
Po'ultry and Game.
Two cars of . Eastern came in. Receipts of
local Poultry were insignificant.
In spite of the close and moist weather Game
arrived in better condition, and sold off very'
well; Receipts were ■ 135 sacks. ~
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; Live
Turkeys. 14@15c for Gobblers and 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and J4@5 for
young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young ' Roosters, $43
4 50; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4:
Broilers. $3 50@4 ft>r large "and . $3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. 75c; Hare, $1;
Rabbits, ?150 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $3 50; Canvasback. J3; Sprig, ?1 75;
Teal, $1 25; Widgeon. U 25; Small Ducks, $1;
Black Jacks, JI; English Snipe. *2; Jack Snipe,
$160; -Gray Geese. J3 JO; White Geese, fl 23;
Brant, $1 60@2 per dozen; Honkers, $4 50. ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Xhe decline in Eggs continues rapid. Buyers
are holding oft, and stocks are commencing
to accumulate slightly, though they are not
yet large. Dealers are selling as fast as poa
elble, even at concessions.
There is no change in Cheese worthy of
note. / .
The Butter market continues liberally sup
plied, dull and weak, but prices show no fur
ther decline of any consequence. "
Receipts were 23,100 pounds -of Butter' —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 409 cases of Eggs,
-—cases of Eastern Eggs, 1S00 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@25c per lb for faney
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy, 17^@20c; store
Sj^fY l2® 17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 21@22V»c,
tickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, lS®19c per lb.
CHEESE— Xew, I2<g;i3c; Old. llVic; Young
America, 13 l ,ic per lb; Eastern, 13@16c.
EGGS— Ranch, 36@37%c for . selected large,
34@35c for good to choice and 32%c for fair:
store, 25@27 1 /sc per dozen; cold storage, 20©
27'^c; Eastern, 13@27V£c. ■ -.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Grapes were light, but the de
mand for shipment seems to be over, and
very few sold. From 40c to 73c will cover all
varieties, with seme poor stock selling as low
as 20c per box and crate. Some more were
cleaned up for wine at $15.
Quinces and Pomegranates /are getting
scarce. ,
Oranges are weak at a further decline.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
,, A PPLES-$1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c®
$1 2a for good to choice and 35@65c for ordinary;
Lady Apples. $1@2.
POMEGRANATES-*1 25 per box.
1'EAUS- Winter kinds. $1&1 To per box.
QUINCES— 50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 40@S5c per box
STRAWBERRIES— Jll per chest for Long
worths and $2@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— Nominal.
1 RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, J10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FIGS— Black and White, 40@50c per box.
GRAPES-Verdels, 40@75c per box; Tokay, 40
@75c; Black, 40@50c; Cornichons, 50@75c.
CITRUS FRUIT— Navel . Oranges, $1@1 50
for standards, $1 75@2 for choice and $2 25
for fancy; Seedlings, 73c@|l 25; Tangerines,
?1@1 25; Japanese Mandarins, tl 50@l 75; Lem
ons, fl@i 60 for common and J2®2 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. $1 60@2 50; Mexican
Limes, $J; Bananas. $2@2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Piiiapples. $3
@i per dozen. # -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report. The exact
amount of Prunes closed out at San Jose lately
is still unknown, but it was large enough to
create a better feeling In the market.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8ci Plums, pitted. 4%
@6c; unpitted, l®2c; Nectarines, 5@5% for red
and 5M:!&6%c for white; Figs.- 3®3%c for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40." s, 5Vl@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60's, 4£@
4V4c; 60-70's, 3%@4c; 70-80's, 3%@3%c; 80-90's. 2%
@3c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb,
RAISINS-(Price per 20-lb box): Clusters—
Imperial. ?3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crowr.. tl 60; ■ London Layers— Three-crown.
$1 20; two-crown, fl 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; , three
crown. i%c. two-crown, 3?&c; Seedless Musca
tels, iV t c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c;
choice. iViC; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6V4c;
choice seeded, S%c.
•NUTS— Chestnuts. 10@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c: No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 11® 12c for papershell, 9@
10c for eoftRhell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12'~c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
?3 5C@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 100
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
6@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEES WAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
As forecast in- Sunday's Call one Chicago^
branch house here advanced Hams, Bacon and
Lard %c yesterday, but the other houses did
not make any advance, though they expect to
soon. The market rules firm. Chicago was
higher on the day. . with English houses try
ing to buy in that market. Hogs opened 10c
and 15c lower, owing to. heavy receipts, and
Increasing stocks, but big buying checked the
decline. >,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for 1 light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern' sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10(010 50 per barrel:
extra Mess, Jlllgll oO^Famlly. $12®12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15: extra- clear. $22 50i323; Mess
$18 60O19: Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c. per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels, pure
lHic; 10-lb tins. U%c: 5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins
12c.
■ COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10Hc; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tlerca, 9%c; two tierces
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
'about lV4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium; 10c; light. 9c: Cow
Hides; 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
-Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal, 10c'
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%@17c; Culls'
15c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18@19c; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c: sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool/ 40® 60c each; medium 50<S
75c; long Wool. S0cig$] 10 each: Horse Hides
salt. *2 S0<32 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 ror me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c Goat
sknis—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth
50c; medium. 3oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2
4%l(5c; grease, 3c. " ~"
WOOL-Spring, 19C0 to 1901-Southern defec
tive, 7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley fine 13(S
15c; do. medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, ll@l?c; do, fair to good 9«
lie; Nevada. 10@12c. ' a
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c- North
ern Mountain, free, '9@10c; do, defective SiSac-
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb' '
HOPS— 9®10c lor fair and lligli'c per' lb for
good to choice. -. ■
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are easy at the recent decline, with
ample receipts. The other meats are as be
fore.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: y
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
Cows. - '
• VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small, S39c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. 6h@7c pe r
pound. • • , . .
LAMB— 8@8%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs,* from 150 to 230 lbs Ru.tf
6%c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; sows. 20 pl'r cam
off, boars 30 per cent oft and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hon
General Merchandise.
GRAIN. BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. i%,®
ti%c for cotton and 7@7%s'for Jute.
COAL— Wellington. . $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington,- $3; Seattle," $7; Bryant, $6 50; coos
Bay; $5 50; Wallsend. $S CO; Co-operative Walla
end,* $S 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $1325
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg j 15 .
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke.. $15 per tin In' bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain description,?
$* 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according [D
brand. ■ u
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases No 1
70c; pure. Jl 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels" boiled
70c;: raw. 68c; cases. 5c more; Lucol 60c for
boiled and 68c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases 90r-
China Nut. 55@72e per gallon: pure Neat'sfooit'
in barrels, 70c; - cases. 75c; Sperm, pure h5«>'
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon-
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c- Cocoanur
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c fo? Aus-
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. ' in bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c- Stir
JOc; f Extra Ster, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene 22c
deodorized stove Gasoline, in -bulk 15c- in
S?i° es> .l 1%0: Be n 2lne . >n bulk, 14c;' In cases
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in case";
- TURPENTINE-58%c per gallon in cases and
b2c in 'drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Prices are i marked up" 50c. The
' "Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb, .in 100-lb bags: - 'il'-^JJ.
Cubes Crushed and Fine Crushed. 1.30c;
Powdered, 5.15c; Candy Granulated.- 5.15c; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners* A. 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated, 5.05c; Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags
only) 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra C. 4.55c;
Golden C, 4.45c; D, 4.35c: barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; o(md
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
73 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, nan
barrels, 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb.
fc Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 2. /
Flour, qr sks 15,368 I Middlings, sks .. /s25
Wheat, ctls 85,597 Mustard, sks .... f 577
Barley, ctls 12.780 Onions, sks / 34
Oats, ctls ,.. 390 Wool, sks jL 101
Beans, sks 1.6S6 Wine, gals M2S.400
Bran, sks ........ 3,941 Brandy, gals .... I 6,300
Shorts, sks 27 Hides, No \ 751
Hay, tons 659 Pelts, bdls /"i 613
Straw, tons 5 Sugar, ctls 1 4. *47
Hops, bales ...... 89 Raisins, bxs 1.10CT
Potatoes, sks 3.110 auicksllver, flsks. 10
Corn, ctls 1,2301 Leather, rolls .... 53
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..... 16, 054. Onions, sks S84
Oats, ctls ......... 2,650 Bran, sks ; 1.894
Potatoes, sks .... 3,494lFeed, sks 1,80a
Flour, qr sks .... 1,328/-
STOCK MARKET.
Business was quiet in the morning on tha
Bond Exchange and the only marked chang«
was a slight rice in Market Street at $S3 50.
The oil stocks continued dull.
- In the afternoon business continued dull. Gaa
and Electric advanced to $44 62%.
The usual quarterly dividend of 5c per sharo
by the Paciflc Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
is to be supplemented on the 16th by an extra
dividend of; 10c per, share.
Hanford Oil was ex-dlvldend of Jl yesterday.
The semi-annual coupons of $2 50 on the
$1,000,000 bonds of the Los Angeles Paciflc Rail-,
way will be paid on the 10th.
Interest on the $1,074,000 in 5 per cent bonds
of the Northern California Railway for the past
six months is now payable. The amount i»
$26,S5O.
The quarterly Interest on the 4 per cent bonds
of the Paciflc Gas Improvement bonds Is now
payable. The amount Is $12,300.
The quarterly interest on the third mortgage
bonds of the Spring Valley Water Company,
amounting to $34,000. Is now payable.
The Sacramento Electric Gas and Railway
Company paid a monthly dividend of 13c per
share yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Dec. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) • Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 112^113 4s qr cp (new).139>4133$t
4s quar reg 111%112 13s quar coup.,10S%109
. MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO7% — " Oceanic SS os.104 104%
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 63.129^135
C C Water 5s.lll — Pac G Imp 4s. 94 95
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & C H 6s. .108 112
Fer & Cl H 6s. — 121% Pk & O R 6s. .121 —
Geary-st 5s ... — 100 Powll-st R 6s.llSTsl20
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 53. 95H 98
Do 5s 99% — S F & SJV 5s.l23% —
Los Ans R 5s. US — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s..l01i4 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .103 1C374 (1910) 114 —
L A & P 5s. ...102% — S P of Cal 6a
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 103 (1905). Ser A.107?ilCSai
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27%12S% (1905). Ser B.109 109%
Do 1 c m 5s.l22%123Vi (1906) .r. 110 111&
N R of Cal 6s.U2%112Ti (1912) 120 —
Do 5s 12iy t 122K S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 5s. 107% — e gntd 5s. ...109% —
Nor Cal R 5s. — — S P Br Cal 6s. 135 137
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — S V Water «s.ll3 112%
Oak Trans 6s..l24%123% Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 5s.. Ill 112 Do 4s 3d m.. — lOl'/i
Oak Wat g 5s. — 105 Stktn Gas 6s.. 102% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76^4 1 Port Costa 83% 66
Marin County. 53 — j Spring Valley. 86% 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% — [Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3 — < Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual ........ — 5 IS F G & E... 44^44%
Oak G L & H. 51 — I San Francisco. 5 —
Pac Gas Imp4 40% 42 I Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — / .
Anglc-Cal .... 79 — L P & A 162%170
California 410 411 Mer Ex (llq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep.lOSVi — S F National.. 130 —
First Natlonl.316 327%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1925 — Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. 300 340
Mutual Sav... 66 — Union Trust. .1S00 —
S F Sav U....525 — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....136 140 O S L & H.... 40 — .
Seary — 50 Presidio 32% —
Market 8SVs 8a%
POWDER.
Giant 85 85%-Vigorlt 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 5 Kilauea 11 12%
Hawaiian — — Makaweli 23% 26
Honokaa 11 12 lOnoniea 24 25 ,
Hutchinson ... 15 15%'Paauhau 11 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l56%159 Oceanic S Co.. 46% 48
Cal Fruit An. — 100 Pac Aux F A. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. — 90 Pac C Borax..l65 —
MerExchange.110 — I Par Paint 16 ,—
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Hutchinson S. P. Co ., 15 00
15 Market-street Railway 88 50
S4000 Sacramento Electric. Gas & Ry. 5s. 93 50
105 Spring Valley Water 87 00
400Vigorlt 4 87%
10 Bank of California 410 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co. 5s 107 50
10 Giant Powder Con : 85 50
SOS. F. Gas & Electric Co 43 87%
$2000 Spring Valley Water 6s 112 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— .''** :
5 Giant Powder Con 85 50
40 Makaweli - 24 00
a Market-street Railway 83 50
?40CO Sacramento Electric. Gas &. Ry. 5s. 95 75
J1000 S. F. & S. J. V. R. R. bonds 123 95
70S. F; Gas & Electric Co; 44 50
5 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 44 62%
10 Spring Valley Water 87 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
SCO Caribou 75
500 Reed Crude (B 90) 34
100 Twenty-eight 1 65
Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Jack ..*. 04
100 El Dorado 25
100 Home : „.... 3 30
S00 Lion G8
200 Monarch of Arizona 19
500 Monarch of Arizona (S 90) 18
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln: Session.
200 Belcher 14 200 Mexican 1«
300 Chollar 05i 100 Union Con 13
200 Gould & Curry. 07| 100 Utah 06
Afternoon Session.
100 C C & Va 1 651 60 Standard 3 75
200 Gould & Curry. 07' 300 Union Con 13
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 14 200 Ophir ■ 7«
1C0 C C & Va 1 67% 300 Sierra Nevada!*. 08
2U0 Mexican 16 300 Union Con 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 12 400 Mexican 15
500 Belcher 11 200 Sierra Nevada." OS
1U0 C C & Va 1 65 200 Silver Hill . s?
500 Gould & Curry. 06 300 Union Con ....'. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Dec. 2-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., '- Bid A»V
Alpha — 02 Kentuck ....... _. £
Alta 04 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Anaes 01 03 Mexican u is
Belcher Ud 10 Occidental ... nj «i
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 74 75
Caledonia 21 23 Overman C2 03
Challenge Con.. 11 13 Potosi 03 r?
Chollar 04. -t» Savage ;* 04 08
Confidence — 65 Scorpion _ X.
C C & Va 1 60 1 65 Seg Belcher .... 01 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada 07 ™»
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill . " 31 *.
Crown Point ..01 02 S^Louis " _ |u
Eureka Con .... 14 — : Standard ."s 50 3 «r
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate .. 05
Gould & Curry. 06 07:union Con .;*!* 11 19
Hale & Nor 18 19 Utah " J5 B
Julia'.". - 01 (Yellow Jacket .' 06 OS
Justice 01 02 1 ° "*
Precious Metaling.
When the builder, .of a railroad into
Chicago made his famous assertion in
reply to a newspaper man's question a.
to what perfection he would add next
••We are going to nickel-plate her <h?"
he created a sensation and gave to th.
road a name which it still remembers
though .it has passed . through vartouk
phases of fortunes. Perhaps he knewhn?
little of the great West and the extraor
dinary conditions which have now ifJ ?J~
it possible for the Southern pLfn^Tto^i 6
last its tracks with gold bricks tJ, ,
not literal, but near ft If.theSantpBa?
bara Press can be relied upon
,At the office of the Press; accordlne tr,
that paper, may be seen a specimen o?
the crushed rock ballast ■ which h« S f
the roadbed of the coastline as /niM ade
the everlasting hills. ' Throujh it ron «nv
veins marking the line of broken strlr/
and in these are distinctly visible «£
grains of gold, with . here and th£!? a Ut!
AUCTION SALES
fe* fe fe
THiS IS THE SALE!
' THE GRANDEST LOT OF
THUROUCHBREDS,
Yearlings, 2 and 3 Year Old»
l and Horses in Training
ever*-, offered at auction In California, consigned
by M3ENLO STOCK FARM fW. O"B. Macdon-
ough. ifsq.). EL MONTE STOCK FARM. P. O.
LANE hind BURNS & WATERHOUSE,
Consisting of yearlings by
ST. CA RLO, King of Sires, full brother* an<!
sisters t) st Cuthbert, Socialist. Lord Mar-
rnlcn, at id some from the dams of Achilles.
AJax. Dem Fulano and Vltelltua; ■;
JOE RlIPLET. the Record Breaker, out ot
Madelein e, Playfere, Tribulation. Salonica.
Moonligl; ;t. Resica and Dancing Eyes;
Auid Two and Three Tear Olda by
IMPORTED PICCOLO. Sire of Stake Win-
ners, out jbf Experiment. Marcelle. Minetta
and Lady7 Torso;
And the! following race horsea In training,
PAT MfJbRRISSET. DUCKOY. GIBRALTAR.
PAN'AMHNT, DOLLY WEITHOFF. SAILOR.
KUSTLIffSS. CATHELLO. ARMADO. TOM-
riOJ*. _fSALLY SENSIBLE FILLY. Etc
1 Sale will take placa
( THIS EVENING.
TUESDAY EVENINfi, De %%\.
f Commencing at 7:43 o'clock, at
OCCIDENTAL DORSE EXCHANGE,
J21« HOWARD STREET,
/ NEAR THIRD, S. F.
' WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
Horsea at yard Sunday. Dee. 1. 1901.
5^ fca
SALE EVERY TUESDAY. 11 a. m,, at 1149
Folsom st. Horses of all classes; also the larg-
est assortment of single and double Harness.
Saddles, Wagons. Surreys. Buggies. Carts.
Robes ever offered at public auction.
tie ore. The gold la in small flakes
and\Js easily scratched from the surface)
of a Tbroken rock.
Thisfe rock comes from the Quarries be
tween\ Santa Barbara and Lompoc, and 1*
brokeniat the Jalamo crusher. The com- >
pany h\as been In the habit of screening
from thle broken rock the sharpest grade
of sandl for their cement and plaster
work. The giant turntable at the freight
yards 1A set on a solid cement founda
tion rn^de up with this manufactured
sand.— Sam Bernardino Times-Index.
Glanders Attack Girl.
Alblna Ffrantz. aged 24. an Austrian sub
ject, was brought to the Evangelical Hos
pital at Sft. Petersburg a few days ago,
says the Novoe Vremya. suffering from
glanders. a\nd quickly succumbed to the
disease aft^r fearful suffering. She con
tracted the malady about two week.3 pre
viously, but 'under what circumstances
neither she hferself nor any one else could
very well explain.
All the summer was spent by her In tha
neighborhod of Gachina, whence she ar
rived in St. on September 29.
She then felt',ill. A doctor who was called
in at first dlaignosed influenza, and then
said it was inflammation of the lungs. On
the following ;day the patient's condition
was so much ■wtorse that she was promptly
conveyed to the hospital, where the phy
sicians gave the real definition of her ill
ness as nothing more nor less than glan
ders, l
According tp one version, she was in
fected while returning from the Marie
Theater on th<e evening of September 27.
by an izvoschijs horse. The rooms where)
she lived had been thoroughly disinfected
by order of the, Prefect of Police, and th©
Governor of the province has been re
quested to have all the horses suffering
from glanders In the neighborhood of
Gachina destroyed.
It will be remembered that both the Ga
china and Tsafskoe Selo palaces are in
this district. v
The crops raised in Iowa this season
will bring $102 for every man, woman and
child In the State.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs "W M Lawler. Miss A Wagner Stockn
Eldridge E Berwick, Monterey
M A Sheets & w, Utah Mrs Lamont & son Cal
G H Dunning.Oakland M A Hudson. Wats'onv
C C Cunningham. Cal F Crusht. Watsonville
I Bordnes & w, Ind J D Young. Portland
Sr R^ G o ay & "'S- Ji tah H Isa acs, L03 Angelea
W C Stone. S Mateo H J Franklin. Portland
J Feather Jr, Mare Isl w Mahoney. Santa Cr
G H Warford. Vallejo Dr A H Sweeney Cal
O H Burnet, Oakland W O Smith & w S Jose
Alice C Harris, Colo W G Welcker S Lake
H Rosenbloom & w, c S Ralph. Sacramento
Michigan S Lyons. New York
O K Grau. Stanford j e Sharer. Salinas
C W Randall. Cal A H Schwabel, NCastle
J C Shase. Vallejo G W Loh.se N Castle
E C Zucker, Chicago Mrs E A. Conlo. Cal
H D Lazelle, Vallejo T Gilbert. Berkeley
C Lewis. Alameda W J Jordon. Stockton
L Rosenthal. Chicago T M Hawley Marysv
W F Clybourne, Cal A A Hyatt, Vacavllle
H D Stelle. Denver F Parker. Sacramento
, R W Williams. Fowler J R Little Nevada City
G R Davis, Los Ang C J Booth, Fresno
J G Wallace. Minn T McGregor, Detroit
W Baird, New York J D Armstrong. Paso R.
T J Barckley. LA D I Thornton. S Jose
M Siegel. New York W Jacks, Monterey
C M Helntz. LA JP Allen. New York
J Hays Lexington. Kyjp Wood, Melbourne
P L Flanisan, Reno ;r s Warfel Wash D C
S M Hauptman. Mich H C Blake. Vacaville
: J A Miller & w. Seattle 'j T Boyne & w cLl
K K Kubte & w. Or |M Michael & w "cal
W M Darling.FruitvaleiE E Adams Chl'caeo
W Ulrich Medford. Or |j O Crimmins & w^Cal
E S Orr & son.Dawaon Mrs W W Brown Cal
Mr ? ¥>, S °£- Daw *> n Mrs J GroverT colusa
T A Rice. Oxnard Mrs E A Hafrineton
Mrs N Blackstock. Cal Colusa " amn S ton -
A S Wagner, Stockton Miss D Wagner Stockn
PALACE HOTEL. ' lOCKa
J T Adams. Cal - J D Farrell «?»»ttt«
C J Spahn. Cal Mrs W T ilereVreau
G Henrlckson. Sacto Milwaukee *
S Boute. Stanford MIsa Murphy, Mllwkee
R D Stephens. Sacto F S Johnson 1 w q pH
L B Allen. Mt View Wm B Wightman La
h. T rls ; ht - Shasta Phll 'P Bu£hn£ Ptfnd
Miss Treniere. Shasta W H Montgomery NZ
B S Grosscup, w. Tac Geo A Brooke 5m«i.
W J Morphy. Chicago Mrs TH Jtawird cw™
G K King. Red Bluff Jessie E Baratrt lifd
H E Newton. Victoria A W More TeSi!
T Flint Jft w. S Juan Wm Leary" Tesfa
John Graham. Phlla O L Blckforf TnS«.
Jos W Schloss. N Y Miss Blanchi'R^naSd.
Jas E Stewart, Brisbe Stanrord * enau(1 «
A L Stewart. Brisbane W H Thornton V v
J M Barney. Dtch Flat Paul Henshaw 1 rhiT«
|| gK£ VSU I SB s2rat
0 G Malkow. Chicago D J Smith NT
D S£!. d Mr9 T A Hen " •">« H "?* WarVons
r rT^^fil/ 11^ 3 w »!«ta S Hill. Waxva
ifS^&lrllDlfVl
J Bu M t e or»ee?.I A %S? l^V *
1 C A B Sis L^e n n K ,x lM ¥%%^^^ *
_ RUSS HOUSE.
D cWv Mer ? e <i Mrs J S Williams. Cal
J C C^rk S«^? da J r 5 Wad3W0rtn Ca?
t o -r?, 11 ' Seattle J e Shafer M D Pal
DE R Ke l i m v nd - I akIma B Ga »°"a e y : Walni Crk
ifaho y * W & 80tlS ' S C x, Van Wa S«ner. Cal
Mrs l^eX^h- * £ETSSh£k
I ISStSt c^fflfT • - c >
«»s i? r w M M fa An^
M S&SB2 cl^s W ° **£&. oSS^
M L^'arlf A ra°do S W Smlth - San Jo -
ATA . N EW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Lffl?" 1 BenicU P Cattey/Wo VistaNEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
EBELL LADIES
ASK FOR MONEY
Desire to Increase Fund
to Furnish Children's
Room.
Members of the Society Put
Their Names Down for
Liberal Sums.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec 2.
The Ebell. Society recently opened a
subscription list in the Ebell rooms for
the fund with which it proposed to fur
nish a children's room in the new pub
lic library. 5500J having been decided up
on as the sum necessary to properly
carry en the work. The list so far as
the Ebell rooms were concerned closed
yesterday when it was announced that
*lio2 50 had been subscribed. This amount
with the $1300 remaining over from the
purchase of the library lot brings the
total amount now on hand to $2762 50. It
is proposed to raise the difference be
tween this sum and the $5000 necessary
by solicitations among the business men
and wealthy people of the city. The list
cf subscribers to the fund is as follows:
Surplus on hand. J1300; Mrs. C. C. Judson $5-
Mre. E. C von Helms, J5; Mrs. Paul Lohse,
$5; Mrs. Kate A. Bulkeley. So; Junior Davis
(first coin paid), ?i; Mrs. Welles Whittemore. $3;
Mrs. Edward A. Kluegel, J5: Mrs. GeorBe H.
Wheaton. $5; Mrs. A. A. Denison. $5- Miss
Mabel T. Gray. $5; Mrs. H. L. Smith, J5; Mrs.
\\. H. Bailey. $5; Mrs. TV. A. Chllds, $5; Mrs.
« W \.. Ar S es^? r - S5: Mrs - N '- s - Farley. $5;
Mrs. \\. H. Friend. $5; Mrs. J. W. McCly
monds. Jo; Mrs. L. F. Cockroft. $5; Mrs. Charle3
T. Rodolph, So; Mrs. Milton Bulkley, $5; Mrs.
John Russ. $5; Mrs. T. C. Coogan. J3; Mrs. M.
C. Chapman, $5; Mrs. Vernon Waldron. $5; Miss
MarLha Brier. tZ; Mrs. S. T. Alexander. $10;
Mrs. L. T. Barker and family, J100; Mrs. G.
W. Fisher. So; Miss Mary Alexander, $5; Mrs.
Charles D. Pierce. J5; Mrs. William Gruenha
gen, $5; Mrs. G. \Y. Percy. ?5; Mrs. O. S. Or
rick. to; Mrs. P. N. Remillard. $3; Mrs H F.
"Witcher. $5: Mrs. M. R. Babson. 43; Mrs.
Oeorge DeGolia. $3; Mrs. Irwin Ayers. J10J
Mrs. Edwin «Taylor. S3; Mrs. James A. John
son. &: Mrs. w. S. Goodfellow, $5; Dr. Myra
Knox. to; Mrs. Ida H. Gorrill, $25; Mrs. Charleii
W. Armes, <3; Mrs. F. L. Adams. $3; Mrs.
Ciiles H. Gray. 13; Mrs. G. W. FairchilJ. $5;
Carraih & Carruth. $5: Mrs. Edward Booth. $5:
Mrs. A. W. Burrell. $5: Mrs. W. I. Reed. flO;
Mrs. William Gregory. $0; Mrs. J. Jsichoils, $5;
Mrs. R. V»\ Kinney, S3; Mrs. Rebecca K. Fel
lows. $."; Mrs. \Y. E. Sharon. $5; Dr. S. J. Fen
ton. $10; Mrs. H. X. Rrnvell. $3; Mrs. H. R.
I &ylor ±J h: Mrs " c - R - fates. $5; Mrs. Farn
ham. S20; Mrs. Murray L. Johnson. tlOO; MUu
Charlotte Playter, J100; Dr. S. I. Shuey $3-
I>r. C. A. Buckel, $10; Mrs. Margaret Bullock,
S5; Mrs. L. Ghirardelli. J3; Mrs. E. N. Engle
hardt. $5; Mrs. E. L. Courtlon, $5; Mrs Albert
G. Davis. $5; Mrs. George W. WHlard, $5; Mrs
A. Schilling. $5; Mrs. A. J. Ralston. $5; Mr
and Mrs. F. B. Ginn (provided J3C0 is raised).
JSCO; Mrs. A. M. Simpson. $5; Mrs. M. A. Ward,
J5; Mrs. K. G. Potter. $5; Mrs. H. D. Rowe. $3;
Mrs. F. B. Ginn (previously subscribed), $60;
Mrs. T. H. Gates. S3; Mrs. Sarah C. Borland,
$"j; Mrs. F. X. Paget. $3: Mrs. R. X. Cham
berlain, tb; Mrs. H. E. Miller. $?. Mrs. M. P.
Benton. J5; Mrs. Charles E. Cotton, $5; Mr*.
Gordon M. Stolp. So; Mrs. W. H. Quinn, t2 50-
Mrs. Van Horn Cooley. $5: Mrs. Hay ward
Thomas. $5: receipts from the Fenellosa. lec
tures, $100; Mrs. J. P. Ames, J5; Mrs. James S
Jer.ks. 13. Total. J273» 50.
ONE OF H£B HUSBANDS
WANTS MAERIAGE ANNULLED
John Valentine Says Wife Was At
tached to Another Before She
Wedded Him.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— John Valentine,
claiming to have discovered that he Is
one of his wife's two husbands, filed a
suit to-day by asking that the bonds of
matrimony existing between him and Em
ma J. Valentine, alias Emma J. Dickey,
be dissolved. In his petition Valentine
declares he married Emma J. Dickey in
Lowell. Mass., on October 15, 1900, under
the misapprehension that she was heart
whole and fancy free. She never dis
abused him of his mistaken belief accord
ing to the complaint.
It was not until November 4. 1900, contin
ues Valentine, that he made the discovery
that his. wife had already been married
to a man named Edward J. Dickey, from
whom she is separated neither by divorce
nor death. The complaining husband
says that the first marriage was cele
brated on February 18. 1880.
"She" Makes a Big Hit
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— "She" was pro
duced this evening at the Dewey Theater
and was received enthusiastically by a
large audience. Manager Stevens has
s--pared neither trouble nor expense in put
ting on this piece. The scenic effects fully
igBtify the apparent outlay of money and
the artistic effort and the company was
never seen to better advantage. To
night's performance was the best produc
tion of Rider Haggard's dramatized novel
ever seen on this coast.
Child Attacked by Dog.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2.— Edith Scott. 6 years
old, and whose home is on Encinal ave
nue near Willow 6treet, was attacked by
a dog last night and bitten several times
before the animal was beaten off by a
pedestrian with a heavy cane.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Forewarned, .
Forearmed*
The liability to disease is greatly
lessened when the blood is in good con-
dition, and the circulation healthy and
vigorous. For then all refuse matter
is promptly carried out of the system ;
otherwise ft would rapidly accumulate
— fermentation would take place, the
blood become polluted and the consti-
tution so weakened that a simple
malady might result seriously. .
A healthy, active circulation means
good digestion and strong, healthy
nerves.
As a blood purifier and tonic S. S. S.
has no equal. It is the safest and best
* remedy for old people and children
because it contains no minerals, but is
made exclusively of roots and herbs.
No other remedy, so thoroughly and
effectually cleanses the blood of im-
SySUfc. i£3hk purities. At the
raf^ same time it builds
up the weak and de-
NZHfehZld bilitated, and reno-
*§Z?^& va tes the entire sys-
tem. It cures permanently all manner
of blood and skin troubles.
Mr. E. E. Kelly, of TJrbana, O., writes:
" I had Eczema on my hands and face for
five ycarc. It would break out in little
white pustules, crusts would form_ana
<irop off, leaving the skin red and inflam-
ed. The doctors did me no good. I used
all the medicated soaps and salves without
benefit. S. S. S. cured me, and my akin
is as clear and cmocth fts any one s.
, Mrs. Henry Siegfried. ofCapo May, N.
J., cays tbat twenty-cne bottles of 8. 8. S.
cured her cf Cancer cf the breast. i»oo-
tors and friends thoue-t ter case tope-
less.
Hichard 7. Gardner, Florence, S..C,
eufiered for years with Boils. Tv.o bot-
tles of S. S. S. put his blood in good con-
• dation and the Boila disappeared. • \
•^ Send for our free book, and write
. 'our physicians about your case.
Medical advice free.
THE SJUUT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. , JA. .
LADIES OF ST. MARK^S GUILD PREPARE
TO SWELL KIP MEMORIAL CHURCH FUND
Proceeds of Their Annual Christmas Sale
Will Be Added to the Fund to Furnish
House of Worship.
BERKELEY. Dec. 2.— The young la
dies of St. Mark's Guild are pre
paring to assist in furnishing the
Bishop Kip Memorial Church,
now in course of construction in
this city. To this end they .will give the
proceeds of their annual Christmas sale
to the church furnishing fund. They are
making elaborate plans for the sale and
hope to be of considerable material aid to
the church.
The sale will be held Thursday after
noon and evening at "The Beaulieu," the
residence of Mrs. K. M. Graydon, corner
of D wight way and Fulton street. Fancy
and useful articles, appropriate for holi
day gifts, will be displayed in the various
booths and the young ladies will have
samples of their own candy making and
cooking on sale. Among the attractions
will be book and art booths. The rooms
in. which the sale will be held will be dec
orated in flowers and greens.
During the afternoon tea will be served
to the guests, and in the evening ice
cream. A programme of vocal and in
strumental music will be given in the
evening.
Miss Mary R. Mott is in charge of the
sale and the following named members
of the guild will be in attendance at the
various booths:
Fincy work— Miss Mary R. Mott, Miss E. J.
Stewart, and Miss Eleanor Stout.
Candy-«-Miss Ethel Robertson. Miss Annie
Youngs. Miss Yuamay Spark and Mfss Amy
Mott.
COWELL REFUSES
TO REDUCE FEE
Capitalist Says Acting as
Lucas' Guardian Is ■ . ...
Business.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, December 2.
Henry Cowell,- the man who made a for
tune in lime and plaster on Drumm street
In San Francisco, was a witness in Judge
Ogden's court this morning whither he
had gone in response to a summons . to
tell about the management of the estate
of John W. Lucas, an incompetent, who
owns some interests in the Cowell corpo
ration. - .
When Cowell was asked how much he
thought his fee ought to be for acting in
the capacity of guardian for Lucas, he
said $500 was about right. Judgs Ogden
asked Mrs. Lucas, who was present, if the
amount was satisfactory to her. Evi
dently It wasn't, for while she agreed that
$500 was reasonable compensation, she
didn't want it paid until Cowell had set
tled with her husband for $500 back salary
she claimed was due him.
"It's a cold business proposition with
me," exclaimed Millipnaire Cowell when
askpd about this salary matter, and he
signified that he was in no mood to take
less for his services or call It square be
cause money was alleged to be owing, i
Judge Ogden told Mrs. Lucas that he
could not consider the matter of non-pay
ment of salary in a matter of this kind
and that It was for the other members of
the Cowell firm to say whether they would
pay.
#f One of the partners will not consent,"
said Cowell, and Mrs. Lucas, who under
stood that the witness meant himself, did
rot insist any further. ' ,
'During a colloquy that followed this dis
cussion of the salary it was discovered
that Mrs Lucas would not take less than
M5 000 for her : husband's interest In the
cement business.- Cowell Intimated that
he would ask for a dissolution of the busi
ness thathas existed since 1850: . Mrs.
L U ras was appointed guardian ■ or her
husband's estate after Cowell had ; re
signed. '■■'■■ ■-■■•■ - : ;
Silverware Is Stolen.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2.-^Edward B. Carson
has renorted to the police that his resi
dence. *at 1407 Caroline street, was entered
and robbed on Friday evening when the
family went out. visiting. Carson. says
that 6'lverware to the value of ?40 is miss
ins--. •-, ■ . 5 ' : . *'
THE SAN 1BANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1991.
Home cooking— Miss Helen Stewart, Mrs. W.
H. Cameron and Miss Edith Youngs. . • '.
Tea— Mrs. W. H. Cameron and Miss Helen
Stewart. . . '. ■ • . ■ -. . ■
Art— Miss . Mary Parramore and Miss Belle
Coffin. . . ■ . ■ ... , . -
On December 11 the Ladies' Aid Society
of St. Mark"s Church will hold a doll show
at the residence of Mrs. J. R. Baum, 2635
Channing way, for the benerit of the new
church.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— The tea to be given by
Mrs. Kate Bulkeley at her residence on Albion
street next Wednesday afternoon for the bene
fit of the children's room in the new library
promises to be one of the pleasant functions of
this week. The Ebell ladles are all working to
make the affair a success, and the gathering
Wednesday afternoon will no doubt be a bril
liant one. Mrs. Orrln Kip McMurray and Miss
Georgie Cope will sing and Miss Francis Irish
will be heard in one of her clever monologues
Some er.the prominent ladies in Oakland will
assist Mrs. Bulkeley in receiving and a number
of well-known society girls will preside at the
tables. Those who will assist are-
™ Mr8 ™ Mllton Bulke l ev . Mrs. T. L. Barker.
Mrs. Edson Adams, Mrs. L. . F. Cockroft Dr
Myra Knox, Mrs. F. R. Catton. Mrs. E. A."
Khiegel, Mrs. George S. Wheaton, Mrs. Pren
ttss Selby, Mrs. Hay ward G. Thomas. Mrs E
von Adelung, Mrs. John Russ, Mrs. George
Cope, Mrs. Gilbert Belcher. Miss Coralle Selby
Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss Georgie Cope Miss
Lucy Browne. Miss Hallle Bakewell' M s"
Mary O?n£y. Way ' M ' 8S Ethel ° lney and ■*"«■
• • •
The Monday Afternoon Whist Club was en
tertained this afternoon by Mrs. R. H Auer
bacn at her residence on Twenty-third street.
ARRESTS LOBBY
FOR APPLAUDING
Judge Smith Locks En
thusiastic People in
Courtroom.
. Oakland : Office San Francisco Call,
TOM , „ • m 8 Broadway, Dec. 2.
While Police Judge Mortimer Smith Is
pledged by oath to the service of Justice
he will not allow the mortals that throng
his courtroom to applaud the decisions
of the blind goddess. ;
When the jury brought iri a verdict of
not guilty this afternoon in the case uf
Mosbacher vs. Schomberg the people In
attendance applauded and looked pleased
Judge Smith looked solemn and said
"Mr. Bailiff, lock that door."
The look of pleasure. faded away from
the faces of those responsible for the des
ecration of the temple of justice. They
had all committed an offense against 'he
dignity of the court. The court had seen
them, had taken cognizance of the mis
demeanor, and had them air under arrest
There was a sigh of relief when tho
Judge Picked out one individual and or.
dered him into the prisoner's dock There
was another sigh when Judge Smith a 1$
ter impressing the detected offender with
the fact that a courtroom was not a placd
of public amusement, told him to go ami
offend^ no more, and ordered the court
room doors unlocked. *£"•,,
ntL h nH C n a n Se b H f0 + r if the 00 J urt a «racted.wide
attention and the courtroom was crowd
ed during -the hearing. The facts as
shown by the evidence, were as follows:
i£ e L e £ Sc 00 ™ 1^. a^domestic. wanted a
silk skirt. .She found what, she wanted
at the store of George' Mosbacher, 1119
W^ s » J ngrton stree t- The price was $24,
and Miss Schomberg arter ordering cer
tain alterations, paid a deposit of $5 on
the purchase. - . -
Before the alterations had- been made
she decided that she could not afford such
an expensive, garment. She- so notified
Mosbacher. j She asked for the return of
her deposit; Mosbacher said' no, and no
again when she offered to take goods to
the. value of $5 Instead of the cash
Miss Schomberg then-got her sister to
order $7 'worth of skirts. On this order
|1 deposit- was paid. The goods were
delivered and- instead of $6 Mosbacher re
ceived a note from Miss Schomberg tell
ing: him that she had in this way balanced
the difference between them/ ■ ■'
A few minutes after receiving the skirts
the defendant offered the prosecuting wit
ness $1, as- the difference between-the
YOUNG WOMEN OF ST. MARK'S GUILD WHO. WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE AT THE BOOTHS AT THEIR AN
NUAL CHRISTMAS SALE, THE PROCEEDS OF WHICH WILL BE DONATED TO THE KIP Srul
CHURCH FURNISHING FUND; ■;._ \ ~ MEMORIAL
This club meets every other Monday and in
cludes sixteen members, among whom are the
followlnj named: '*,".
Mrs. -Welles Whltmore, Mrs. R. H. Auerbach,
Mrs. M. C. Chapman, Mrs. A. H. Pratt, Mrs.
E. Yorker, Mrs. John Lynch, Mrs. C. C. Jud
son, Mrs. E. Neusbaumer. Mrs. R. B. Williams
Mrs. George B. Flint, Mrs, George B. Carter,
Mrs. .Day, Mrs. John Farnham, Mrs. M, W.
Hall, Mrs. Stevens and Mrs. Herbert Lang; I
| Miss .Geraldlne ' Scupliam 'will give a card
party on the afternoon of December 14 ■ at her
POUND SCANDAL
IS INVESTIGATED
Swift Denies Charges of
Fraud Made by
Police.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, pec. 2. '
The ] City Council this,. evening took up
the reoort of the Chief - of Police on the
pound scandal. A number of witnesses
were examined! Poundmaster H. p;
Swift dehied : charges.of fraud, and said If
he had used his "opportunities to their
limit he. could have increased the pig
claims by thousands instead of hundreds.
Ho said that on one occasion he picked
up a dead shark on the beach, for which
he made no charge' to the city. Council
man Wixson tried to champion the
Poundman, and severely censured the po
lice officers detailed to investigate the
mysterious increase in pig bounty claims
for allowing an overcharge .of four pigs
to pass the City Treasurer. '
The Council will come to a decision, at
its next meeting. One hundred and thir
ty-one dead pigs were picked up on Oak
land's streets in October. . According to
the report for November, 1 made to-night
by Poundmaster Swift, Oakland's streets
are cleaner by ninety-nine pigs, only, thir
ty-two having been picked up. . : ' • r-:
The investisation . was continued until
the next meeting of the Council. * ■
Dispute Over Electric Lighting-.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— The citizens of
Hay wards have under discussion a
proposition to bond-' the. town for
$15,000 to . purchase a ■ municipal- electric
lighting plant. ! Two questions have been
presented. -The issue is whether the town
shall purchase • the - « Haywards • Electric
Light Company's plant or make a~ con
tract with the Standard : Electric Com
pany, which is wiring . from, its power
plant at Blue Lakes. The subject has be
come a matter of .neated .debate' among
the townspeople. An election will short
ly be called to decide the questions.
value of the skirts and the amount of the
deposit of $5. — ■:.•';.•>••
Mosbacher refused the. money: and se
cured ..a.: warrant . for.'.his customer's' ar
rest on a charge of petty larceny., ■
The Jury acqulttedjMissSchombe'rgi ■
I The deadhead is both 'passed
and present. • ~ - ? ••>•-:•••.- ... ; ,.
home on Webster street. The guests of honor
will be the two young brides-elect. Miss Eliz
abeth Kinsey and Miss Eda Collins, whose
weddings will occur in the near future.
An informal card party was given by Mrs.
♦ em^ ~ chul ?, e this evening at her residence
at 512 East Seventeenth street. About thirty
guests were present. . ■■:■' , . Itjr '
■ A new whist club was organized and re
"lv^ a ? an »e last Friday evening at the home
of Miss. Louise Franck on Jones street. The
TWO BOLD MEN
PURSUE WOMEN
Force School Teachers
to . Run Into House
for Safety.
BERKELEY, Dec. 2.— Miss Mary Noyes
and Miss Sarah Downs, teachers in the
State Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind, were pursued last evening by
two unknown. men and they were com
pelled to seek assistance at the nearest
house. .
The young ladies alighted from a Tele
graph-avenue car at Parker street at 10
o'clock and as they started up the street
two men started to follow them, soon in
creasing their walk to a run. : • .
Miss - : Noyes and her companion also
commenced to run and were about to' be
overtaken 1 when they took refuge in a
convenient dwelling. The men then turned
-and ran back. ■ •
The young women were escorted safely
home. Recently two college girls were
pursued by a man and some months ago
the town was alarmed by a "Jack-the-
Hugger," evidently. insane.
UNTRUTHFUL ANSWER.
INVALIDATES A POLICY
Important Decision Rendered by
United States Court of 'Appeals
on Life Insurance. . . ' .
ST. LOUIS, Mo... Dec. "2.— The validity
of. an Insurance ' policy depends on the
truthful answer to : questions put* by the
company when application lor insurance
is made, according. to an opinion handed
down by the United States Court of Ap
peals to-day in the case of John Q. Mey
ers, - administrator of the estate of Paul
B. Swetlick of Topeka, Kan., against the
Home Life Insurance Company of New
York. Swetlick : died, in November, 1892.
His -'heirs sought to recover from th.9
Home Insurance Company ' $25,000, In
which amount his life t was insured.
• At the* trial ■■;' of the, case in the United
States. Circuit : Court of Kansas it • devel
oped in the testimony -that when Swet
lick applied : for the policy he answered in
the negative a question put by the insur
ance company as ; to whether ■ he had any
other- insurance, when in reality he had.
The ; Circuit ■ Court .found for the plaintiff
and, the "insurance ./company appealed.
The- rase was remanded for -new trial;*
rinh TnH J?m kD0Wn as the Ca rnation Whist
Club and will meet every two weeks, the next
assembly to be held at the residence of Miss
Minna Janssen, 1971 Summit street on Thurs
day evening: December 19. Among' those pres
ent last Friday evening were:
.Miss Louise Franck. Miss Anna Franck. Miss
Minna Janssen Miss Virginia Bromley. Miss
nV ;,5 ™ r ' M1s t L ,'? z i e Thomas . Mis* smille.
Dr. and Mrs. J. J. Medros and Messrs. Henry
and George Franck Mr. Dubois. Captain Keller
GeirS^E^: J ° hn ThOmas and M ''
I NDIANS KILL
THREE WITCHES
One of the Assassins Will
Appeal to Supreme
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 2.— It is announced
that an appeal to the United States Su
preme Court will be taken in the case of
Solomon Hotema, the Choctaw Indian,
who has just been tried and. convicted in
the Federal court of the Northern District
of Texas of the crime of killing three al
leged witches near his home at Cold
Springs, Indian Territory. The particular
case in which he has just been convicted
Is that of murdering a woman, Vina Cole
man, one of the alleged witches. Hotema
is a remarkable man in many respects
He was educated at Roanoke, Va., and re
turning to his tribe in Indian Territory
be held important offices, discharging his
official duties In an able and conscien
tious manner. He afterward became a
•Presbyterian minister and was a power
in the community where he resided
In the spring of 1899 an epidemic of men
ingitis prevailed in the Cold . Springs
neighborhood. Many people died of the
disease, among them being the little
daughter of Hotema. An Indian witch
doctor lived at the place and when the
list of fatalities assumed alarming pro
portions a number of -people, including
Hotema, consulted with him as to the
cause of the scourge. The witch doctor
asserted that the victims of the disease
had been bewitched and he went so far
it is alleged, as to name those who were
guilty of the dark deeds. Hotema and
three companions upon receipt of this in
formation from the witch doctor started
on a murderous pilgrimage through the
little community. Before they could be
captured they had killed two women and
a man and- wounded a number of others
whom they had attempted to kill All
the victims were alleged to be witches
These murders and the circumstances
under which they were committed caused
a big stir throughout a. large portion of
the country and the outcome of the trial
of Hotema was watched with interest.
One of his companions in the murderous
pilgrimage died In jail and the other on*
is still in jail awaiting trial. e
William Orear Wants Divorce.
• OAKLAND, Dec. 2.-William^L. Orear
began suit for divorce to-day from Ruby
A. Orear on the ground of desertion.
ASKS DAMAGES
FOR INJURIES
R P. Jansen Renews Suit
Against Railroad
Company.
Both Sides of the Case Are
Represented by Able
Lawyers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Dec. 2.
Because of the alleged carelessness of
Its employes R. P. Jansen of Alameda
wants the Southern Pacific Company to
pay him JSO.OOO for personal injuries. The
trial of the action to determine whether
the plaintiff is entitled to the remunera
tion sought was begun in Judge Hall'a
court this morning, when the attorneys*
for both sides engaged to secure a Jury.
A hard battle is on. The attorneys pitted
against each other are D. M. Delmas and
Gibson and Woolner. who are associated
in the plaintiff's behalf, and "W. H. I*.
Barnes, who appears for the defense. The
trial is expected to extend over several
weeks, as was the case in a previous
The accident which caused Jansen's in
juries occurred live years ago at Chestnut
station in Alameda. . Jansen alightea
from a train going West and ran directly
JL ont of another going east, which he
did not see. He was pinioned under the
engine, which had to be raised to a
height before he could be released.
Jansen began suit for $50,000 damages
against the railroad company and a Jury
awarded him J10.000, but the Supreme
Court afterward granted a new trial.
Reception by "Workmen.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.-Paclflc Lodge No.
7, A. O. U. W., will give a reception
Thursday evening at its hall on Broad
way in honor of the veteran members of
the order. The committee of arrange
ments consists of J. S. Gillmore, E. J.
Fennon and G. A. Bowersmith. The
present lodge officers are : Past master
workman, G. A. Bowersmith; master
workman, M. Bock; foreman. A. F. An
derson; overseer. P. Menard: recorder.
J. S. Gllmore; financier, A. Kemp; re
ceiver, E. J. Fennon; guide. A. Carlsen;
inside watchman, V. Cavallo; outside
watchman. F. J. Ball; organist, Robert
Hall; trustees— C. G. Reed. W. J. Peter
sen, E. W. Marston; medical examiners—
2 r- Jfn E V K g l y> Dr - L- R- Webster. Dr.
R. Hill Jr., Dr. F. W. w. Hulme.
Reported Kailroad Deal.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— It Is reported that
the Santa Fe Railroad has bought the
right of way and other appurtenances of
the Stockton and Sonora Railroad Com
pany, commonly known as the "Wo
men's" road. Mrs. Rickert wa3 the build
er of the railroad. It is said that tho
Santa Fe's object in getting control of
this road is to build a line from Stockton
to Angel3 Camp. There are some who
see In this move an Intention to build
across the Sierras to connect somewhere
with the Gould system, the Western con
nection of which is the Rio Grande West
ern. Others say the road will tap the
mines of Calaveras and Toulumne.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Paul B. Johnston,
aged 22 years, San Diego, and Willa L
Rowe. 23, Oakland; Charles A. Gilbert,. 20,
and Martha Dixon, IS, both of Oakland-
John Delflno, 26, and Josephine Suar, 23.
both of San Francisco; Horace Foro 24
and Florence AI. Gallagher. IS. both of
San Francisco; Louis Goldstien. 22, and
Ilivia Miesser, 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Thomas D. Donnolly. 23, and Lot
tie Englehardt, 20, both of San Francisco.
After Delinquent Sign Taxes.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— Recently appoint
ed Deputy Tax Collectors J. W. Ballard
and N. W. Denton started out to-day to
collect tne so far unpaid sign licenses,
under the ordinance everybody exhib
iting a sign must pay $3 into the city
treasury for the privilege. There are
many delinquents and the deputies that
started out to-day were appointed for
the express purpose of rounding them up
His Uncle Drops From Sight.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— Frank R. John has
petitioned to be appointed guardian of the
estate of his uncle, Manuel de Rosa, who
dropped from the sight of relatives and
friends In Llvermore in April last and
has not been heard from since. The pe
titioner recites that his uncle is an incom
petent and unable to care for his owa
property, which is valued at $1350.
Complainants Get Wood.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.-Judge Smith' de
cided to-day that Hugh Coyle, the man
that sold in this city the thirty-six cords
of wood taken from Santa Cruz, had se
cured possession of the wood unlawfully
The wood -was awarded to Stein & Co "
the wood dealers of Santa Cruz, who
brought search warrant proceedings for
its recovery.
Army Deserter Surrenders.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— John A. Lambeth
a deserter from the Fifth United States
Cavalry, has surrendered to the police
Lambeth ran away a year ago from his
troop at Fort WIngate. N. Mex. He
came from North Carolina and said he
did not dare to go home until he had
served his sentence for desertion.
BAIN MOISTENS SAN
Vv; JOAQTJIN" VALLEY LAND
Downpour Visits Stockton and Vi
cinity and Farmers Are the
Gainers.
STOCKTON, Dec. 2.-Stockton and vi-
cinity were visited by a pouring rain this
morning with Intermittent showers dur
ing the day. The rain came at a time
when it was needed, as some of the farm
ers were turning up dry earth with tho
plow.
MILTON, Dec. 2.— Rain fell here to-day.
The ground Is thoroughly wet. Gras3 and
summer fallowed grain have never shown
a finer growth at this season.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2.— Light rains fell here
through the day and evening, measuring
.16 Inch at 11 o'clock. It la still raining.
A Til t^RTTRI^M K^fff
Healthy Blood.
The blood is the source of
strength. If you are weak you
need a medicine to tone up your
stomach and make plenty of rich
red blood. The medicine to do
this is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
It will not shock the.sys'era and
it cures indigestion, dyspspsla,
heartburn, belching and ma-
laria, fever and ague. . Try it,
also obtain a copy of* Hostetter's
Almanac from your druggist.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH JITTERS
1112
bAX FRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclaco
Call, coiner of Market and Third streets; open
umil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAIIi^'er street; open until. 8:30 p. m.
315 La:kln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Vil Mlfcfeicn ttreet; open until 10 p. in.
22<;i Market fitreet. corner Sixteenth; open
crtil H \\. en. .
li<fi Kleve-r.h street ■ open until 9 p. m.
1O1>6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
22C0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG KOT1CES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS < TUESDAY) EVEN- _#\_
ING, Dec. Z. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated TK3T
mectir.e and R. A. degree. By order / '
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDKN GATE Lodce No. JO. F. and ■
A. M— Annual meeting THIS (TUES- _JV.
HAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Eiec- XjT
tion cf office! s. ' 1
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodsre No. 136, F. and A. M.— •
Annual stated meeting THIS EVEN- jB%
ING, 7:20 o'clock. . JiLjf
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /▼»
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. #
—Stated m<N>tins THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. Annual eleo- tf^f
tion of officers and business. «^r\ '
'■ A. &. HUBBARD, Secretary.
CONCORDIA Lodce No'. 122. JL O.
O. F. — The n-.embcrs of the fu- 4s£?Z5Se=
noral io:nmi;tee are lirreby noti- ?§3t2>?S?
fied to aEc?mble at Odd Fellows' "^?//»v^
Hall WEDNESDAY. December 4. at 1 o'clock
1>. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN GUNDELACH. P. G. By
order of the lod^e.
ALEC B. BROYER. N. G.
CHRIST ROI-KEE, B^ec. Sec. -
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Offl- *
ii-is and members, attend your regru-
Jar quarterly meeting on WEDNES- HfisW?
DAY EVENING. December 4, 1901. Stgjs
at 7:30 sharp. There will be nomi- "^ %»**■'
nation of officers for the coming year, also
donations and appropriations and other very
important business will be transacted. By
order <£ M. SOANATICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Rec. Sec
PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO., Offlce
227 Market St.. San Francisco, Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of th«
Flockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the "th day of Decem-
ber. 1S01. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of .electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year, and for the
purpose of amending paragraph I of article
XIII cf the by-laws of the company relat-
ir.K to the annual meeting of stockholders,
end for euch other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Nov. 26. 1301. at Z o'clock p. m. By order
of the rresident.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGESTS WASTED.
GOOD steady agent; to right man will pay sal-
ary and commission. BROWN, 418 Larkln st.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
10C7 Market St.. room 1.
RELIABLE arents wanted. J. A. HOFF-
MANN. 1219 Bush Et.
AM'HAl.TliM ROOKING.
J. PKLTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs, j
■ sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free ; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 31S1.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ; col-
lections: attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt.. r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
MCTCLCS — For Sale or Exclinnse.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up; i
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
8C9 Larkin Et. •[
nOAItDBG FOR CHILDREN.
A GERMAN ladv would like to take care of a j
child not under 2 years; good home. 394 Fifth \
St., corner Harrison. j
DESIRABLE sunny home for children under 4 i
years; mother's care; references. 142 11th st.
BOO1CS — S'EW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-7U6-708 Mission st.
BUJUSAU TRU.MCS.
TRUNKS of c\-ery description at bedrock I
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard. !
UL'SIX1£SS CUASCES. \
A— $900; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms; I
a. splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
_R. G.^VILKE.ZfHsJKearnyj^
A-$:uO0; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; «s-
" tatlithed years; good paying; sickness of
owner oniy cause of sale. See K. G. WILKE,
SeVs Kearny st.
A— $JOOS; HAIR store with manicure parlors,
ckarins; at least $200 per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.; place establ. lu years; only
best class of customers. Call R. G. WILKE,
2€'>j Kearny st.
A— FLORIST store, near Market st. and Grant i
»ve.; price $S00; a splendid paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-$M0: KALF-INTEREST In one of the best
paying saloons on Pacific St., near Montgom-
ery; or will sell whole place for $600; part-
ners don't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26V£ Kearny.
A— $500; SALOON on Sansome st,; rent $23; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $000; CHOP and oyster house; only 1 block
of The Call building; bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26',i Kearny st,
A— $430; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on j
Fourth st.. about 1 block from Market; rent
fif); a good paying business. Call R. G. '
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny St.
A— $0500; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A FINE opening for experienced man for half-
interest in pay-Ing 6 day restaurant; trial
Ifiven to right man; no trifiers need apply.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
$5*) RESTAURANT $50
$75 Restaurant $75
$KKJ Restaurant $100
J350 Restaurant $350
$490 Restaurant $400
S5S0 'Restaurant $5oD
$600 Restaurant $600
$1200 Restaurant $1300
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
£50 Market st Tel. Davis 28L
A— $250: PARTNER wanted in commission i
business; will clear $75 month to each: no
experience required. See STRAND & CO .
209 Kearny st.
A— WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind.. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— $450; RESTAURANT near Kearny St.; clears
H39 month; great bargain. STRAND & CO..
VMS Kearny st. »
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! "
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can Bell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO
Rooms S and 4, 1104 Market Bt.. cor. Mason.
FOR SALE.
Saloon; prood location. • "->i
Apply 644 Sacramento street.
Room three.
MARION GRIFFIN, 718 Market, nr. Call bldg
Long list of businesses for sale; please call.
CIGAR, notion and grocery store; free rent; 4
furnished rooms: trade $12 per day; $300. Pa-
cific Exchange. 765 Market st.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make
money, see C. L. HEDGES. 461-2 Parrott big
A— CAUTION; don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; $1. 462 Parrott big.
JJOO— CHOP house; a chance of your life; quick-
Fixth st. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st. '
CHOICE corner saloon, rood location: paying
business. Apply northeast corner of Seventh
and Folsom sts.
RESTAURANT— Oreat sacrifice ; must be sold;
wholesale and milling district. 611 Brannan.
$1000— SALOON for sale, in the best business
part of Napa. For particulars address P. O.
box S2, Is'apa. CaL " ■
BUYERS— Have all kinds business chances and
real estate for «ale. See other agents, then
see FRANK 13. DENNEN. r.28. 14 McAllister.
$330— PARTNER wanted in the :n.imifactui !ng
buelnct*; cleat* J100 to $130 per month to each
partner.- Cal! 835 Market St.. room li.
OYSTER Ikukc for ealc on account of nicki.ws;
eood trade cell ens afternoon. 4CG. Third tst,
COAL end wood yard for sale. Apply 623
Hairht «C •
niTSlJfESS- CHAXCES— T«w'»wii>«l.
EAI<OON; elepant corner; central location; rent
$30 (worth $65). Fine fixtures. Price $ooO.
Call early for this SNAP.
, SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2-5; No. 917 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
AN experienced business man required as an
active partner in an old established live
wholesale Jobbing: and manufacturing coffrf?
and spies bus'ness. located in our wholesale
district; an excellent business opening fur
the right man; principals only. Address bux
2417, C<»11 off.ce : ■
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy, come and see our list; wa can
cult you; sellers do well to list their pvuperty
with us; we can find a buyer quick. MILES
& CO.. 927 Market et., room 208.
INVESTORS' savings can earn minimum of
12% per annum, payable quarterly; guaran-
teed from loss; particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept.. 66 Broadway. N. Y.
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
- can secure good Investment and position with
rlsin? house. Address 0. STEWART. 27 Mar-
ket st.. Sat; Francisco.
BANK, only one in prosperous Interior town,
has a few shares of stock open for subscrip-
tion; $100 per share; rare investment oppor-
tunity. Box 2515. Call offlce.
FOR sale— A good planing mill, in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 439. Healdsburg. Cal.
RESTAURANT; good place man and wife; ex-
penses low; low rent. Box 2443. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; price
$550. 1030 Montgomery st.. cor. Vallejo.
LODGUG-UOUSiES FOR SALE.
54-ROOM corner house $4000
10 rooms on Eddy st 850
18 rooms on Third st...C 950
24 rooms. 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
33 rooms; beet in the city 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300 3600
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From 6 to 600 rooms; prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES. ;
..From 8 to 350 rooms; prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS......
..From 20 to 800 rooms: prices $400 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
....From 4 to 15 rooms; prices $200 to $2000
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS.
......CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE.
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD I#VESTMENT COMPANY.
K 1 ) Market st Tel. Davis 281.
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700. '
16-room flat, new, modern and well furnished;
best location; housekeeping.
4 CASH $4000.
25 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator, modern improvements.
CASH $2000.
40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500.
18-ropm rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent.
CASH $1500.
52-room worklngman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout; new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES. HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; income $200: elegant; bargain.. $1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
17 rooms; J2E0 can remain; clear? $S5 375
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
25 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
89 rooms; grand corner: clears $600 D500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.. j
J8 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; m^ney maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 905 Market st.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented: good
location; clears $300; $2S30. RETSLOFF.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and" 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and tZ. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
' 6 r.; modern flat; Van Ness: new $350
14 r.: rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 900
34 r.; good cor.; fur., carp.; low rent.. 2700
i f3 r.; cor. apart.; total expense per mo. 175
j 31 r.; rent low; good house every way.... 2150
! 24 r.; rent $55; Al loc: reduced to 1000
■ 23 r.; offices; rent $110; els. $200; investigate
14 r.; rent $40; trans. loc. ; clears $100 1300 I
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat: leaving city.. 375 I
.A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.; some bar-
gains for to-day.
44 r. ; good transient house; cheap $2100
f>6 r.: on Ellis st.; good paying .3503
38 r.: on Market St.: business location.. 2000
1C0 r. ; on Howard Ft.; money maker 1500
6 rooms and bath; good, nice flat 275
6 rms. and bath: fine location, fittings.. 600
These are all good locations and bargains; 50
more houses on list. We loan money on
lodging-houses. If you have business for
sale, we can sell quick for cash. Call at 765
Market Et., rooms 1 and 2.
Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 713 Market st.. rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodcir.g-houses or real estate. c
I HAVE 516 HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 r.: rent $32: respectable % cash-: cent.. $300
18 r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building;
all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 650
26 r. : sunny side; clean; clears $95 month. 1600
34 r. ; rent $100: well furnished; fine bus.. 2200
46 r. ; Sutter: first class; clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Sutter st. ; fashionable family hotel. 9000
WINSTON & WOLF .•
1026 Market st.... 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
13 rooms'; piano, sewing machine included. $900
40 rooms; rent $60; good corner 2000
40 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 2200
43 rooms; central; just listed 3200
22 rooms: cheap rent; part cash; only 950 i
..D00 OTHER HOUSES TO SELECT FROM., j
; FOR sale — At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class j
hotel of CO rooms, reading-room, dining-room, j
I kitchen and barroom; cl!" the rooms rented to j
tteady lodgers; located en principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health '
I will not permit him to continue the business;
I tent reasonable. For further particulars in-
I quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325' J St..
I Sacramento, Cal.
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house $83')
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good bay. 1300
25 rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 1400
46 rooms; low rent; part cash; bargain... 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Fhone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
He can cult you in houses and prices.
$1050— 9-room flat; unsurpassed location; 3 |
rooms pay rent; most elegantly furnished;
Jones, near Bush. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and rrices. in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market at.
BUYERS— Before buying a house see other
agents, then get my list and lowest prices.
FRANK E. DENNEN. rm. 28. 14 McAllister.
I LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
city; 15 rooms; turn people away every, night;
$450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
A— 200 LODGING-HOUSES; prices from $150 to
$5000. See STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, splrTtJuaT^nedlum
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush St..
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st. ; satisfactory
readings. 50c. $1; circle every night. 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual' meeting every
. night ex. Saturday: admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of 6pirlt return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, Thur.. Fri.;
10c; ladles' readings, 50c; g.. $1. 132 Sixth st.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday. Thurs-
day, 25c, 8:15 p. m. ; readings daily. 203 Hyde.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 858 Mission St.;
sittings daily. 50c and $1.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero: readings by mall: sittings. dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 3IS Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all. to-night. 10c.
.; CLAIRVOYANTS.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT . AND MEDIUM? '
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business ? Arc you ill, depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
<dge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp, answered. BROOKS, 1208
. Market, rooms 34 and 15. cor. "Golden Cate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. GoUeii Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; tatc elevator. Perfect ■ satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; bend stamp*. for pamphlet
. with special terms. Daily ar.d Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISGO G^LL^ TUESDAY/ DECEMBER 3, 1901^
C1.AIWVOYAXTS— rnnilnn~*._
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS - "
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
Joc»!"d st 17 Third bI.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
♦ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk Et.; readings by mall.
LADIES 50c; clairvoyant, scientific palmist.
cp_rd reader, tells you how to be successful
In your undertakings and all things pertain-
ing to life. PROF. WELLER. 1007V4 Market
st.. near Sixth. . ■ ' ■
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; lade? 50:,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your 'life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
ings, 50c, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. :
MME LAROSE. 777% Market st., room 21, the
gifted clairvoyant, card reader; 25c up. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c;
gents EOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;" la-
dles 25c; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CARD reading-, palmistry included, 25c; ladies
only. 2S9 Fell St. _■ . ■ '
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARD reading: ladies, 10c; gentlemen, 25c. 625
j Minna st.. near Seventh.
1 CARPET HEATING . AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st.;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1 7 O3 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
■ . 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. SS-40 3th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPOUISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) r.o knife. Dr., Brown, graduated chl-
ropodlst.lndorsed by med. profn. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
C^L^HlBTAl?~L^iw~alid~^oTlectloir Agency: 6th
floor; 916 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO , L | E | T : ,.„„,.___.
A— SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath;- modern.
2211 Webster St.. near Cla>. ,
COTTAGE, large grounds, barn, chicken
houses, flowers. Call LOUDON'S, 317 Powell
St.. from 12 to 3. "
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T. S. HIGGINS," 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5' up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings ; extractions or . fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
; cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
1 ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market', cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
.9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D., S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental ■ Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest. rates.
SET of teeth without plate. T>R. H. g!
YOUNG, . 1841 . Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, EOc; plates $5 up; phone Pelk 113>.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEATD^S~S^H^X"OF^EXHH ; RlcT£r^NGi-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
1 complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, • arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers*
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES," 24 POST ST..
! S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering-; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an- accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan . or any
Stanford professor. Pheian building. :
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. .
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.'
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures ; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Farrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand • costs only $60. . San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett Schoo 1 ..
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
I • A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine St.; board;
Eng,, French. "German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
I VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the 'stage. 125 Mason st
BOUVIERE School of Acting. 26 O'Farrell St..
room 30; positions guaranteed. ■ .
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor., and voice builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
Violin, .■ mandolin, guitar. . Prof. . MERKI, " good
teacher. 10QS Mission; instruments selected. ,
j SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation: terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st.
I FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity! $oT
TARR. 220 Parrott bids., gives particulars. ,
; MARY P. WESTHAUS. plapo, mandolin, guitar
lessons, GOc;. piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, clashes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics Literature: a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, ?76 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claes." 424 Pino St. •„
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
. founded : 1863; newj 80- page catalogue free.' ','■,-;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
1 etc.; day or «ve.; }5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
V^^JEMPLOYBIEXT OFFICES^^^
A— JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; also
. cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita, 1233 Page st. ; tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help; of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE' Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush St. ;. tel. , Bush 516. .-
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 31a Stockton: Main 5182.
£MJPLOY3«ENT ' WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes to assist in general house-
work; no triflers; wages $15 a month. Address
231 Second at. ' j
WANTED— A position as companion to elderly
lady by an educated woman; is good reader
and musician. Box 2490, Call office. -
COLORED woman would like work by the day;
$150. MRS. A. ANDERSON, 153^.ahlrd st.
COMPETENT woman wishes second work; city
references. Box 2418. Call office.
WANTED— A" situation ae cook in a private
family; has 4 years' reference; no mail an-
_swered. Call at 319 Minna sl.jiear Fourth.
COMPETENT second girTdesires place: also
good housegtrl. MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook wants place;, also
chambermaid;, ref. Miss Horsan. "323 Sutter.
YOUNG colored girl desires' any kind of work;
city, country. MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG German eirl wishes situation to 'do
upstairs work or to take care of children.
1532 Post st. - ■ ■ i
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
by the day. Address 837 Howard st.
COMPETENT and reliable young woman de-
sires a. place as nurse for invalid or infant;
ex. ref.; wages $25 to $30. Box 253S, Call.
YOUNG colored woman wishes situation of any I
kind; can do cooking, laundrying and house-
work. Addrees box 2539, Call offlce. s
FINISHED dressmaker and seamstress would
like permanent situation in private family.
786 Harrison st. . ' ■ ■ .' '
SEAMSTRESS would like a few more engage-
ments by the day. Address E., 615 Larkln st.
GOOD, reliable woman,' is good cook, wants
situation in city or country; references. 746
Mission st. ". . ' ,- ■
RELIABLE woman wants work; Is good cook
and housework er. Call 469 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
light housework in small family of adults;
no washing; small wages. Address box 2527,
Call offlce. . .
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house ;
, or hotel by January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board ; best Box 2518, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to ;
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free ;
bus and baggase to and from ferry. . \
REFINED girl wishes light housework; no
children or window cleaning;- $12. Address or
call Monday. 2334 Sutter Et. \
COLORED lady wants situation as cook for
private family or boarding-house. 10C6 Clay nt.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to. do at
home. 230'j Third st. '
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash
dishes in hotel in city; reference. 917 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an» subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
_js m ploymis x £^Y J A J!T J £Prri£! A Jd5-~-
JANITOR or porter wants Job; also first-class
hand with carpenter's, plumber's and paint-
er's tools; used to Institutions. G. A., box
:423, Call office. ■" ;
YOUNG man, about 27, Steady, sober and
quick at figures, desires office or clerk's posi-
tion; hardware preferred; speaks French and
English fluently; references: salary no object
tn start. Apply tux £534. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like work of any kind
where he will have some time for study. Box
2419. Call efflce. ■_
COACHMAN, handy about private place; good
horseman, driver care garden, milk, etc. ;
best references. J. K.. box 2424, Call office.
JANITOR wishes position, married; can give
good reference; 3 years' experience as head
Janitor of offlce building; also bank. ' Address
box 2533. Call office. ' '.
CARPENTER, first-class, used to mining
camp; can work as millwright. Box 2529, Call.
COOK, middle-aged, strictly temperate, wants
work In boarding-house or small restaurant.
Box 2536, Call office. A
SITUATION wanted by young man as a waiter
in a small place; willing to work; can give
recommendation. Address box 2535, Call. .
POSITION as house, silver or pantry man; ex-
porienced. Box 2420, Call offlce. -
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 2541, Call. •
AN educated young colored man wishes work
of any kind; 3 years' experience with horses.
Box 2540, Call offlce. :
BARKEEPER, sober and honest, not afraid of
work, desires steady position, city. Box 2542,
Call offlce. '
A YOUNG man from East wants situation as
man about place; handy with horses and all
work connected: city or country. Box 2544,
Call. "■ -. ■
RELIABLE man wishes a position; thoroughly-
understanda the care of trotting horses. C.
A. MILLER, box 2545. Call offlce. -
MIDDLE-AGED man with best . of references
and 6 years' • experience in San Francisco,
wants lodging-house to manage; either salary
or per cent of profits. Box 2524, Call office.
WANTED— By competent and trustworthy man
(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. Address ZS6 Forty-fifth St., "West
Oakland. ■ ■ ■
SITUATION wanted— Young man, energetic,
diligent, sober, has college education, city ex-
perience, desires offlce position. Address box
2354, Call offlce. " . . ' .
GERMAN, steady, sober man, desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little cooking. K.
L., 361 Jessie st.
RELIABLE man wishes a position: thoroughly
. understands the care of trotting horses, care
of garden and milk cow; is generally useful; ■
Kood references. • T. S., 21 J /a Harrison ave., off '
Folsom st. . . . . ■ '■
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to . work,
■ wishes position to do any honorable indoor
work; small salary at first no object; bond'
If necessary. Box 2428. Call offlce.
YOUNG man familiar with city, good team-
ster, well educated, desires work on" delivery
wagon or ; general work In store. Box 2435, \
Call offlce. ■ ' ' ■
PAPERHANGER and painter having complete
outfit, tools wants work. 1302 Webster «t.;
tel. Jackson 1321. - ' -
WANTED— A position as Janitor; can furnish
first-class reference. Address 2727 Franklin st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a "situation
In private family: understands any style cook-
ing . Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and ■ bonds: companies incor-
-■ porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and' financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions- wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. S26 Post St.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW flat to rent and furniture for sale cheap;
very sunny and best location.- Call. at LON-
DON'S, 317 Powell St., bet. 12 and 3.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. "39 Julian ave.,
bet. 14th and 15th. Mission and Valencia sts.
FINE sunny flat, 4 rooms; gas; near Mechan-
lcs' Pavilion. 62 Ivy ave. ' ■
O'FARRELL, 1935— Fine modern flat; 6 sunny
rooms, bath, basement, yard; reasonable. .
REFINED couple want to rent for $18 small.
neat, furnished flat. " 1614 Jones st. -
GEARY, 1131, bet. Van Nesa ave. and Franklin
St.— Modern 7 rooms, bath; rent $32 50.
NICE~Jower flat, 6 rooms, bath; yard and gar-
den; $20.y 963 Oak et.. * ■-..-■
VALENCIA, 549, bet. 16th and 17th— $17 50;
cheapest flat In city; 5 sunny rooms, bath.
FLATS TO LET— FUttMSHEU.
FOR SALE— Elegant furniture of 6-room mod-
ern flat. . 315 Van 'Ness ave..
• { \ FURNITURE FOR - SALE.
5 ROOMS furniture for sale; must be sold. 963
Jefferson St.; Oakland; call from 10 to 2 daily.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
- range, j Klngr Furniture Co., 1127-1131 ■ Market.
; FURNITURE WAJiTED.s.
WILSON • buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413. v ; • . .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
>. price for second-hand, furniture: tel., Red 1354."
A. L. STORRS.r C34 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL." , Jessie 761 before selling furniture, i car-
pets,' pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY; 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D & F new $l' glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted ; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
: >yANTKU- ? y_Wi>lAl < K. ,.
A-TWO neat young salesladies _ for "candy
store; no experience necessary: $7 week.
. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 33a Geary st.
A "WOMAN for kitchen work, cleaning, etc. ;
$25;. sleep home. 1 ' _
MRS. M. E. DAY &JX>., 335 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
-.HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
2 waitresses, $30, for first-class hotel; 8 wait-
resses city and country hotels, $20 to $2o;
dinner • waitress, $3 50 a week; 2 chamber--
maids to wait. $20 ."...f.
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, American family, $30; working house-
'. keeper, small family. $25; woman with a
child, country. $20; housegirl. country, ; $25:
second girl, $20; housegirl. 3 in family, San
Rafael, $25; housegirl, 2 in family Berkeley, $25
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... 335 Geary
WANTED— First-class cook, no washing, Men-
lo, see party at 10 o'clock at office, $35; four
cooks, some washing, $30; cook and second
girl, same house, $20-$25. see party office;
French nurse, 2 children, $25; 4 chambermaids
, and assist waiting, country. ' fare paid, $20;
general housework, . 3 in family, sleep home.
$25; 4 second girls, $20, $25; 3 waitresses, fam-
ily hotels, city, ?20; girls for all kinds of
j house in both city and country. $20. $25. -$30;
' call early. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter.
WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn hair-
dressing, manicuring, electrical face massage,
shampooing, dyeing and bleaching, etc. ; full
course, 3 weeks; tuition $1 per week: positions
positively guaranteed;' 4 good positions In fine
stores now open to those entering immedi-
ately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
first and only school of the kind on Pacific
Coast; all others are imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
GIRL for general housework: must be good
' plain cook; family of three; wages $25.' Apply
9 to 12.- 421 Ashbury St.. near Haight.
GIRLS, visit CALIFORNIA HAIRDRESSINO
. COLLEGE; we teach you hairdressing, sham-
pooing, manicuring, face steaming, massage,
electrical rolling, cupping, bleaching and dye-
ing the hair; full course, 3 weeks' tuition, $1 50
per week. 305 Larkln, suite 6 and 7, 6th floor.
WANTED — Experienced operators* on women's
waists and wrappers; steady "work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st. : ' '
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to ' act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment; good wages;
pleasant position. Room B2, Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium). .
GIRLS, be independent: entire course in hair-
dressing; 3 weeks. $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis St., ground floor. . .
YOUNG girl, 15 to 17. for light housework: good
home; $10 month; sleep home if desired. Store,
116 Welsh st, near Fourth.
WANTED— Fifty children; must be able to sing
- or dance. Apply at 125 Mason st. between
10:30 a. m. and 12 m.
GIRL, general housework; good plain cook;
American family. 4 adults. 3526 Sacramento.
GERMAN girl for general housework: plain
cooking; small family. 2332 Pine; nr. Fillmre.
A GIRL wanted to assist; carfare paid. Ap-
ply 1318 California street.
YOUNG girl, assist in housework; small fam-
ily. 2026 Bush st^ ■ .
GIRL for family of 4; must be good cook; ref-
erence; wages $30. Apply 1922 Broderick st."
WANTED— Young ladles for comic opera chor-
us. Apply at TIVOLI to-day between 10 and 4.
GOOD pants finishers wanted; steady work.
407 Turk st. -
GIRL assist at housework; small family;
wages $20. 15 Baker St., near Haight.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted for general
housework. 128 Russ st.
SALESLADY wanted, fancy goods store. 1400
Stockton st. •■ ■ ,
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work. Apply at 24 Sixth st. _^_
YOUNG girl for general housework; four in
family; adults. 1930 Sutter st.
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
GOOD restaurant waitress wanted; $8 a week.
631 Clay st.
GIRL for housework; -small family. 719 Capp st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; arm work; also girls
to learn. 725 Market st. •
A YOUNG girl for housework. Call at 3627 Sev-
enteenth st. ' . • ■
YOUNG girl for housework . and cooking. Ap-
ply at 1805 Laguna st.
GIRL to assist with baby. Call In the after-
noon, -2643 Bryant st., near Twenty-fifth.
TWO women solicitors; good article; fast
seller. 208 Sacramento st. - :
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher; call ready to
work. 1000 Harrison St., cor. Sixth.
GIRL to assist with housework; no cooking;
wages $12. 2117 Pine st.
TWO first -class waitresses; -wages $30. 915
Leavenworth st.
NECKBAND ironers wanted Immediately; $7
per week. U. S. Laundry, Sixteenth and
Valencia sts. .
APPRENTICE; high-class dressmaker; also
chore girls. 1523 Bush st. .
NEAT reliable woman for li.jht house-work and
wait on sick. 342 Clementina st.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom vests. 622
Clay st., room 16A. ■ : : ;*.-"
TRAVELER for permanent and most lucrative
.business yet known to women. Box 2411. Call.
OPERATOR on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced talloress to work on
. pants. 241 Minna st., upstairs.
50 MORE silk waist hands; highest wages paid.
JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Man and wife for nice fruit farm;
would the man do some blacksmith repair
work? also farmer and wife for Stanislaus
Co., $40; also fruit farmer and wife for Tu-
lare Co., $40. Apply toJ. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st ■ -.
CARPENTERS for country; $2 day and board;
. 6 teamsters, $30 and $35 and found and $2 to
$2 25 day; poultry man, $30 and found; buggy
washer, $60; bootblack for country, $10 week;
harness maker, $9 to $12. week; 10. laborers.
$1 75 to $2 day; 2 boys for wholesale store,. $4
to $5 week; 2 milk wagon drivers, $25 and $30
and found; cooks, waiters and others. J. F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. '
Walter, country hotel $25; fare advanced......
•Ranch blacksmith and chores ; $30
2 farmers near city $20
2 milk wagon drivers $30 and $25
Four-horse teamster, city....; '......$35
Elevator boy far lodging house.. $20
Machine lathe hands $3 a day
Laborers .and drillers for ditch . $2 25 and
' $2 50 a day — ..........;............
ANDRE'S office, 31G. Stockton St.— Head gard-
ener, $50; cook, downtown, half Sunday off,
$10 a week: waiter, Italian restaurant, $40;
fry ccok, $50; porter for saloon, $25; chore-
man, elderly man, for resort, $12; old man for
small restaurant, $10; dishwasher, $25; lunch
counter man, country, $50 and fd. ; waiter,
plain hotel, $30 and fd. - .
A— HOTEL. GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery; rm. 12.
Second cook, country, $45; bellboy, $15.
WANTED— Steady, trustworthy man as partner
in ' old and well established fruit, vegetable
and candy 'store; best location in Oakland;
bargain to suitable party; $250 required. P
D.. 775 Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED— Reliable man with $100 who can
write a plain hand for light Indoor work;
§ will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 765 Market St., room 3.
BOY between 15 and 20 to work ■ in a candy
factory. $5 per week to start; chance to learn
the trade.- Call to-day between 9 and ■- 11,
BLUM'S Confectionery, cor. Polk and Sutter!
WANTED— Boy 14 or 15 years old for office
.'- work, - address ' in own handwriting; also boy
' 18 years old to learn harness' trade. Box
2491. Call. -.:..■■--■■■ ......
"WANTED— Experienced solicitors for legiti-
mate business; hours 1-to 2 to-morrow and
Wednesday. 207 Battery. St., room 21.
BOY wanted, steady position, to , learn artifl-
i cial limb construction. Call at 813 Market
•"> st.,' Tuesday.
BARBER shop;' established 25 years. Address
room 20. 24 Fifth, st. , . 4.
WANTED— Boy ■ to drive wagon; candy store.
1301 Pclk'St.. . - ■ :■ - ■ ■■■■■■■. , ■
-WANTED— A reliable, sober man i for night
. clerk. Dewey House, 32 F.ast st. -
BOY 15: to 18 years;- steady place. SHIREK
MFG. CO..' 17-19 Sutter st. ' .
WINDOW. dresser and card'writer for a fancy,
and dry goods store. Box' 2537." Call. __■
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 107V4
Fifth st. ... . ; :.V:... . : .". ..; .-..- . _
EXPERIENCED grocery boy wanted. 174c
Eddy. st. ■ . .- ■• - . ." ■
WANTED— Reliable young man with $125 cash;
"plain . indoor ; work ; no • experience ; $15 week ;
..steady, place. BROWN &. CO., 1221 Market.
A— MURRAY & READY .... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment, and Labor Agents..
,. OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Machine hand and wood turner, country ..$3
Boilermaker, city job $3 50 day
- Carpenter for a mine... $75
Furnace man for a mine $65 and house
2 carpenters, sawmill company.. $50 and found
] 15 teamsters, new work, long job $*»
-6 muckers, quartz mine $75
15 laborers for mine $30 and found
" Woodchoppers
40 woodchoppers and tiemakers to open a new
oamp that will last three years; Virgin tim-
ber; level land; company's work: prices, red-
wood. 75c per cord : pine. $1 to $1 25 per cord ;
hardwood, $1 60 cord: ties. 6x8x8. 10c special
rate to Job; to go to-day
Farmers, milkers, choremen. choreboy. 5 plow
teamstera .:...... .:...:....'....:• $26 to *30
6 pruners, vineyard $30 and found
I 5 laborers, city board, house 52 day
Handy man around company's yard.. $2 day
Stableman, north 130 and found
BUTCHERS-HOTEL HELP .........
Block butcher, country shop .. $40 and found
Butcher, small country shop .. $30 and found
Butcher and drive wagon $30 and found
2nd baker, near city. $30 and 'found: bakers
helper. $25 and found: bell boy. $12; short
order cook, small place, $25; cake baker,
country, $40 and found; 12 cooks city and
country; five waiters; kitchen help; porter,
etc •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksmithlne.
1168 Mission st. ■ ' ■
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady work:
good pay. 533 Nato'ma st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 791 Mission; weekly
wages; steady work. ' • '
WANTED— Barber for" extra work. 237% Fifth
street. *■
__ — _ znr~ 1
GOOD cook wanted. 1502 Kentucky st.
YOUNG man to learn confectioner's trade in
cake shop at 108 Ninth st. fj
WANTED— Retail druggist; good position to
competent man. Box 2547. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 23 Stockton st.
WANTED— A young man to care for invalid.
Apply after 9 a. m.. 2624 Sutter st.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams, $23 to $35
per month. 300 Montgomery st.
3-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand; bar-
gain; established 12 yeara. 511 Castro st.
RELIABLE man. business ability, with $1500.
to join in profitable manufacturing business.
Address A. M.. Call branch. 639 McAllister st.
SECOND operator on custom coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 511 Market st
BOOKBINDERS— Forwarder, first-class general
workman. F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st. 1
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
" price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, XT.
. S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
- character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 14, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. '
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ■_
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to /know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
* rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 5C0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, 3. 40, Pheian
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Houre, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c tight; reading rooms; free
•bus and baggage ta and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brarafc offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. -
HOUSES TO LET. ~™
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 1733— Modern 8 rooms and bath;
electric light; vestibule: art window; yard.
HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished S-room house. 13
Beulah st.. off Haight. near the park.
HOKSKS AX ;» WAGOSS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 4, at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer. '
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; f<H) to $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FINE 5-glass landau. 2d-hand victoria and old
hack, cheap. O'BRIEN'S. Polk & G. G. ave.
2D-HAND phaeton; extension top surrey; bike
cart. O'BRIEN'S., Polk st. & Golden Gate ave.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
~~~ LOST AND FOUND.
WATCH fob and locket, with inscription.
"Presented to Thos. H. Andrews." Return
to Grand Opera-house and receive reward..
LOST— Purse containing money front of "Stew-
art, 431 Ellis St.; liberal reward. MRS.
CIIAPIN. Stewart Hotel.
LOST— Pocketbook, . papers and keepsakes; no
ques.; reward. Return T. L. Glbb. 102 Ellis.
LOST— Swiss shepherd dog; license No. 36S4.
Finder return to S20 folsom st.; reward. <
$100 REWARD— Lost, brown cocker spaniel
from 819 California St.; no questions.
COCKER spaniel . dog, ' black, white line on
breast; tagged. Return 2298 Baker St.; re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Lady's silver purse marked "Florence
from Kettle." Return 412 California st. re-
ward.
LOST— Dark red Irish setter dog, answering to
the name of Dlmgus; collar on. Return to B
HEALEY, 1014 Green St., city.; reward.'
LOST— A' pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AMALIA LEHMAN, No. 209-6S3-
the finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSK8 AXD I'tLLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
8tery;Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.*
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and" m
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment: freo
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR G
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. FJfthl
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence so<
Guerrero, nr. 18U»; takes ladles before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$13; room & board." $4; Infants adopted; every
jcase guaranteed to be .. restored to best of
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. . KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints- in-
stant relief guaranteed: SO years' experi»nce-
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided- offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 8 to 8:30 p. m.
IIINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
f^eeial'" a private home before and during
«$-aflneznent; best medical care; low fees.
MEDICAL— Conttnn^d.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement: HO Eddy St.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1313 Golden Gate ave. _
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F.: maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton r%.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
BXISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chains. llno!*um. new ami
fecond hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: writ? for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planera, shap-
ers etc * also good worklnt? tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. sticker*,
mortlsers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 2C0
Fremont st.
ATTENTION, printers— Now on. wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottreil and 4-roller. S-revoluttan.
front-delivery Campbell; rebuilt. Hadwen-
Swain Mf*. Co.. 215 Spearst.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal; 200 ton»
apricot pits, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton,
f. o. b. Niles: less than car lots at II 30. E.
A. ELLSWORTH. Niles. Alameda Co.. Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture fffccl»sa!9
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children' a
Toy Furniture Sets.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary St.,
LOT pipe bought of U. S. navy yard. cheap£
all sizes from U Inch to 10 Inch: as good as
new; also a fine lot brass and Iron fittings.
H. S. "WHITE. 51S Mission St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. 52 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SO SMALL pigs for sale or trade for chickens or
cow. Apply 5935 Mission St.. opp. Ocean View.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap;
owner going East. Box 2S46. Call office.
WILL sell for $100 cash, finest quality sealskin;
cost $225; bust 36. Box 16S9. Call office.
GENUINE foxterrier pups for sale; reasonable.
Apply 204 Leavenworth st.
THOROUGHBRED greyhound pupa, male, fe-
male, $10 each; fawn, brlndle. K. C. 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $30, only $23.
Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
■SECOND-HAND combination' safe, for sa'.a
cheap, to be seen at 421 Jackson at.
8 AND 25 H. P. gasoline and distillate, engines;
latest model. Box 2349, Call office.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
EXCHANGE your old carpets for new D.
GREENWALT. 708 Valencia: tel. Church 1138.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and bol«- I
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny st.. rm. 29.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sixes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches, r E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery. '
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Bt.
AVAXTS.
WILL pay highest cash price for Montezuma
shares; state number of shares you wish to
sell and your lowest figure. Box 2543, Call
office; please send stamp.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom ; tel. Folsom lllH.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2r.2i .
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-*
skins. Box 12C5. Call office.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
HERMAS^IURPHY?^oT^xamln^eT^andTns.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
(300.000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit; city, Oak-
land, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance and securities; loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies; will purchase abov»
securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business alaewners
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY amount. lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN, 206 Kearny St.. room S14.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1363;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan,
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 10S Grant aye,, near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal. libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. :any amount ;low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 28 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at ( per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609' Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party ; no removal ; no commission : conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
| age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker. 827 Market St.. r. 61$.
8% on furnltui-e and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
6%% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commia.; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money t»
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sanaome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sltions. S. F. Discount Agency. liZ Pheian big.
THE TOUSLEY Company: loans and dls- ,
counts. 321 Parrott building. '
LOANS money on salary; no tndcrser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 209 Pheian bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing. H per year.
__JIONEY WASTED.
$1200— At required Interest; real estate security.
O. V.. box 2430. Call offlce.
MCSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE only piano player for people to,buy Is the
Simplex, because It doea better work than -
any other and with less than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC
CO.. 769 MarKet »t. .
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only, is now on at The Mauvals Muslo
Co.. 763 Market st. The very beat quality or
goods will be offered at greatly reduced
prices, as the management wish to place It
within the ability of most any one to possess
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
, now and have the Instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted If not
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAL'-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
NOW is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa-
cilities for such work* and will make prices
very reasonable. Pianos tuner] by the year.
Pianos for rent. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MU-
SIC CO.. 769 Market at. I
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut ■*
cass Knabe upright, almost new; also Stcck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45: organs, J-5
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVER3 it
POND and A. B. CAMERON. A»enU.Wr<ICAI. IXSTRtiMKVr* Con.
AG-VN we irmlntf ycu that our piano stock,
•}V;!i new and second-hand, is the largest west
<Jr Chicago and includes the most reliablo
»7iakei-s to choose firm. New pianos sold upon
easy payrcer.ts of ?6 per month; some frood
pianos for 53, $4 and 55 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.,- sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: eas--y payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents J2 up al-
lowed; bargains. f*5 up; Steinways. $1S5;
Chiokerings. ?l3i; 50 ethers; agents wanted.
217 Geary 6t.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ~
Second-hand upright planes from $55 up.
Second-hand square planes' from $50 up.
Second-hand orp&ns from S25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ &
PON. 16 to 20 O'Farrei'.. Chickering, Mason
&- Hamlln, Vo?e. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 2f>c a day to buy a- piano
frcm us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OTarreil
ft.; established lS^O.
EXCITING bareains— Three cars new hlgh-
?ra<3e pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (ln-
ctallments). WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co..
333 Market Et.
f teck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwig and other
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player.
A BIG bargain— Two Weber planes, good as
new. $115 and $195. 217 Geary su
Alrg^st new; J3C0; standard upright piano; sac-
riyed quick buyer acc'nt death. 773 O'Farrell.
$C;o UPRIGHT left on sale; price $153. R. 38.
217 Geary et.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try, to sell it. R. 36, 217 Geary.
J12S— SCHLEIP upri-ht. excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. S16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Splg'.man pianos. 3CS Post et.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for JL
poytare paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— 2 good light floors, offices and sales-
rocms, cheap. H. A. SMITH, 25 Market. S. F.
OIL.
OIL tacks, second-hand, in rood order; all
Fires: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAIXTERS A.\D DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; teL Red 3521.
-U PALMISTRY.
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post:- phone Hyde 2S33.
1*AT1^N7.S AND PENSIONS.
PKNS1ON advice free; general practitioner.
CEO. P. CAMPBKLL. lawyer. Examlnerbldg.
FERSOXALS. |
ARTISTIC hairdressins. 2ic. manicuring 25c.
cents' manicuring jOc, bv experts; best hair .
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
tant in city. 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and tace massage; Patti Beauty Cream
U/c; headquarters tor genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at tlie BON-TON, 224 Post st.
AN elegant line of remnants for cults to order.
$15; with these cults we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. .the cosmetic artist. 3598
Eighteenth ft., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
WILL lady who has children's mlsflt or left-oft
clothes kindly give came to chUdren of gentle-
man in straightened clrcums&nces? Please
write box 25C1. Call office.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any caae of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
I '.. :u per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
v r Co.. 7S4 Valencia st.. S. F.; tel. Church 157L
EKECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
i.'c to $1 ED per night; $100 to M" per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits, Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
J.".. Address 1125 Geary et., San Francisco.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, ic:i Market et.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying: latest \
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by. electrolysis. Mme.Zephey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Eutter ; phone Black 1322.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio.
DOLLS' wirs made; hair dressing, any style,
25c: shampooing. 5/tc; manicuring. 25c: wigs
and Fwiteh«>s. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
BAKE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st., NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. £2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1210-1312 Stockton pt.. near Broadway.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
eilk waists, trimmed hats, 6kirts. etc.; weekly
_ payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st
GO TO THE GREAT DOOK AUCTION
...TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
10«t Market et.. opp. McAllister »t.
JHSITOBS to Chinatown ehould not fall to see
f tie many interesting curios at LOOK
I f HUE'S IS Waverly place.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore, 222 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Urs. BrigEs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ilAFQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Markt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FREN'CH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
ha'.r to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
6C0~ MEN wantea to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors. U5 Kearny wt
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD pold silver diamonds and precious stones
• bought. J. R. JENKEL. 617 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Eent to any address In the
United. States cr Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRCEOXS.
JDR. C. C. CTDOlliziELls— Orflce and residence,
1021% Market 6t., between Sixth and Seventh.
CR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-U7 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
Tf.4-766 Clay St. : see testimonials at office.
TLANIXG AXD TCRXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. S» Fremont st.
KJBAI* ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
BUY your children an everlasting and profit-
able present for Christmas by getting $100
park lots, Sun'»€t District, at $1 down, fi
monthly, at " JACOB HEYMAN'S,
; 117 Sutter st.
$10 OoO INVESTMENT, near Seventh and Na-
toma. THE MCCARTHY CO.. C46 Market st.
KEW mederr" bouse 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; eun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
to!a 6ts.. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
REAL ESTATE QOOKTBY— For Sale
~— FOR SALE NEAR SAN FKANCISCO^
Email tracts, $60 to ISO per acre, oa Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.: future value assured, at
•6an Francisco U growing rapidly; location
test lor poultry and general farmlnr. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for p»m-
•phlets and information. . ' '
V.'E have a stock ranch for Bale; also one orch-
ard; they bear investigation; If you want a
nice home in this city, see us. MILES &
CO., 927 Market St.. room 20S.
FOR rent near Iiaywarda— 10-acr» poultry and
fruit ranch'; well improve*; cash. Owner,
**y Sixteenth St.. near Mission. S. F.
f§(K> -IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; -El
Dofado Co.. near R. R. Bex 222. Call office.
POULTRY and <lalry ranches for 6ale; write for
H*e llMU C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: Vi cash. Bank of Ala
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKCITVAIiE KEAI. ESTATE.
LOT near electric road; must sell; make bid.
H. W. DAVIS, Fruitvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXn REAL. ESTATE.
$300 CASH; $7 DO monthly— New modern cottage
of 4 large rooms; high basjment; immense
shade trees; shrubbery; grand soil; well shel-
tered rook: 28 houses gone up in 4 months;
near church chapel and school; electric cars
near by; 4 main roads: a place where one
can more than make a living in the chicken
business If they wish; adjoining East Oak-
land; no fog« nor raw winds; lot 162:6x100;
more land adjoinlns; for price in all $132o.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st. op-
posite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. 2. JONES, owner.
S- M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
13250— Something extra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and 6hade trees and
flowers: lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAKD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas.' the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
with bath; $20; two, $10; single. $5.
FRONT and back sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing^
GEARY, 1225— Unfurnished suite, 3 rooms; sun-
ny furnished bay-window, with kitchen, com-
plete^
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Alcove and kitchen,
completely furnished; grate; bath; gas; range.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; reasonable.
LARKIN. $04— Sunny furnished back double
room; grate and gas; $7; housekeeping room,
$5; 2 housekeeping for $11.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Farm, and Unfurn.
ARGYLL Hotel. 234 Me AlHster^-New. elegant,!
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
McAllister-st. cars from ferry to door.
A-BRUKSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
BURNETT, 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Front parlor; light housekeeping if
desired; also single.
FOLSOM. S34— $1 week; large sunny furnished
rooms, clcset. bath; private. Call by 8 p. m.
FOUR fine showrooms and office floors to let;
409 Market st. Apply Schloss Crockery Co.
FCTJRTH. 149— New furnished sunny roomt
frcm $5 to $12 per month.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
Wo per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable can to Turk St.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 433— Elegantly fur. rms.;
large front and back parlor suitable for doctor.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 102 Ellis st.— Sunny out-
elde rooms; eingle, $2 50; suites. $4 SO per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
MINNA. 667, corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlehed rooms: $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week,' mo.
O'FARRELL. 322— Handsomely furnished eunny
parlor floor; references.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Jor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, 12 to
tS; month, JS to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth 6t,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 832— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
EUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH -offiae for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia Et.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
PIE^tTON^HOTElT^liriEnisr^P^iriDecr?r > "
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
THE IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated: new management: ' furnished rooms,
with board; excellent table; prices moderate.
HOTEL Las Falmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
I rooms, bath; board optional; eingle rooms.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table: popular rates.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: gppclal rates to tourists.
ROOMS WAK TED. '
WANTED — Furnished or unfurnished room,
fireplace, in family; *4 to *6. A. HOUSE,
1424 Washington Bt.
GENTLEMAN desires furnished room, lnclud-
lng piano; ptate terms. A. K., box 242L Call.
WANTED — 4 or 5 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping for adults. MRS. T.. 1814 Steiner st.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market et.; treatment free; only
invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma
Brelg, age 12 years; Carrie Brelg, age 8 years;
Elizth Winthrop, age 10 years; Grace Win-
throp, age 9 years.
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACDTIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt., rooms 3-10; tel. E5S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrtng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CUT rates on shipping, draylng, storing, insur-
ing furniture, etc. SMITH. 25 Market; phone
Main 1340. , ■_ . _^
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell tts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
eion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHPUSS.
.PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. ■
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel.- Main 1S40; shipping, at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^Ypiiw^TrERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house tn the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.-rExpert
typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209 Sansoma.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMESTS. jj
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not i required to go Into court. '
Rocm 61L Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3001.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901;
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Pow.der Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 36, or seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at. the office of the company, J33
California St.*. - San Francisco, on December
10. 1901. Transfer books close December
3. 1901, at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DISSOLUTION OK FAKTNKKSHIP.
AH LOUI (Lo Hoy) has disposed of his entire
stock of goods, firm name QUONG PI HINO.
at 945 Dupont st.. to pay all his indebtedness;
LO ON and LUN CHOY, old partners, have
' purchased the fixtures and will conduct the
business as usual; from this date LO HOY
will be responsible for his own debts, if bu»-
Inr anything- from any person, the old firm
having nothing to do with him. • p •
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. .D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, De-
cember 17, 1901, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island. Cal., a quantity of pickles, to-
matoes, salmon, coal, teak,, and motors.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon appli-
cation to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay Of-
fice, San Francisco, Cal. A . S. KENNY,
Paymaster General U. S. N. 11-8-01
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Manuel J. Francisco, 22, city, and Laura V.
Carter, 29, city.
Charles C. Pratt, 3L city, and Ada L. Fogle,
27. city. ■ ■
Thomas E. Gibson, 25, 70 Clipper street, and
Wa M. Jennings, 22, 2889 Twenty-second street.
Harry A. Weiss, 27. Waialua, H. I., and
Daisy A. Doud. 25, 2211 Steiner street. . .
.Charles P. Lemoge, 25, 626^4 Harrison street,
and Anna Kaiser, 23, 1713 Mason street. - .
Lewis P. Wheeler. 52. Lodi, Cal., and Eliza-
beth E. Taylor. 48, Lodi. Cal.
Gustaf Peterson. 37, 64 Pierce street, and
Olga Helgeson, 31. 326>4 Tenth street.
Albert Blanchard. 31, 9E8E Pine street, and
Katie Flynn, 25. 514 Seventh avenue. ■
■ BIRTHS— MABBIABES— DEATHS
Birth, marriacre and deatb notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the some published.
BORN.
BATES— In this city. November 11, 190L to
the wife of Fred L. Bates, a daughter.
GANTNER-In this city, December 1, 1901, to
the wife of Amendes T. Gantner, a daughter.
JENKINS— In Alameda, December 1, 190L to
the wife of Presly T. Jenkins, a son.
MARRIED.
CLARK— CHANDLER— In Oakland, December
1. 1901, by Elder W. R. Young-, George War-
ren Clark of Kentucky and Hattie Alice
Chandler of San Francisco.
DYER— REICHLING— In this city, December
2, 1901, by the Rev. John Stephens, Francis
J. Dyer and Lillie O. Relchling, both of San
Francisco.
HOLMES— FABER— In this city, December 1,
1901, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, William
E. Holmes and Bertha ; M. Faber, both of
San Francisco. .
DIED.
Aubert. Amador Lucas. William
Bacon. Robert B. Maddox, John H.
Baily, Judge David Malloy, Walter
Bendle, Charles C. Marx, Ralnh E.
Cavanaugh, Frances Miller, Magnus H.
Crandall. William G. Murphy, John J.
Crocker, Margaret E. Nesbltt, Joseph A.
Griffin, Will D. Quackenbush, Mary
Gundelach, John Reilly, Annie F;
Hofmann, Sarah E. Stone, Jane W.I
Kaiser, Celestin P. Wichelhausen, Her-
Klopenstine, Joseph man
Lane, Thomas Windsor, Harry
Lonjr, Frederick
AUBERT— In the City and County Hospital,
December 2, 1901, Amador Aubert, a native of
Chile, aged 25 years.
BACON— In this city, December 2, 1901. Robert
Bruce, beloved son of F. L. Bacon and the
late Mary Bacon, and brother of Roscoe Ba-
con, a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years
and 3 months.
BAILY— In this city, November 30. 1901. Judge
David E. Baily of Olympia, Wash.
tCXFuneral services will take place to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at B'nal
B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the aus-
pices of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.
BENDLE— In Oakland, at 207 Claremont ave-
nue. December 1, 1901, Charles C, son of
Robert and Lucy M. Bendle, a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged § years and 16 days.
CAVANAUGH— In South San Francisco. De-
cember 2. 1901. Frances Cavanaugh, dearly
beloved daughter of William and Lilly Cava-
naugh, beloved sister of Walter and Lillian
Cavanaueh, and granddaughter of Walter
and Mary Cavanauxh and Ben and the late
Frances Worden, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 2 months 1 and 7 days.
E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1614 Tenth avenue, near
Railroad avenue south. South San Francisco.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRANDALL— November 30. 1901. William O.
Crandall, aged 59 years and G months.
ICTFuneral services to-day <Tuesday), at
11:30 o'clock, at Aloha Cottage, Sausallto,
Cal. Interment private.
CROCKER— In New York City, December 1,
1901, of pneumonia, Margaret E. Crocker,
aged 7fi years 9 months and 6 days. The
relict of the Hon. E. B. Crocker of Sacra-
mento.
GRIFFIN— "December 1. 1901. Will D. Griffin,
beloved husband of Helen Griffin, a native
of San Francisco, aged 41 years 10 months
and 21 days. ■ I
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, Thomas Griffin, 230 Liberty
street, thence to St. James -Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
GUNDELACH— In this city, December 2, 1901,
John Gundelach, beloved husband of Fannie
H. Gundelach, and steofather of Mrs.
Thomas Lyons and William F. Scudder, a
native of Germany, aged €0 years 3 months
and 24 days.
HOFMANN— At her late residence, 1219 Bush
street, in this city, November 30, 190L Sarah
E. Hofmann. beloved sister of Joseph A.,
Lewis N. and Dr. Mary Ellen Hofmann and
Mrs. C. C. Holle, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 78 years 2 months and 11 days.
(E^Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the cbapel of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KAISER— In this city. November 30, 1901.
Celestin Pierre Kaiser, beloved husband of
Marie L. Kaiser, and father of Miss Celes-
tine Kaiser, a native of France, aged 34
years 10 months and 20 days.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 32 Pleasant street, thence to French
church for services, thence to Foresters' Hall,
102 O'Farrell street, where services will b«
held under the auspices of Court Victoire.
KLOPENSTINE— In this city, November 30,
1901, Joseph Klopenstine, a native of Canton,
Ohio, aged 76 years 3 months and 5 days.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chanel of Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private.
LANE— In this city, December 2, 1901, Thomas,
beloved" brother of Michael and John Lane,
a native of Manchester, England, aged 28
years and 10 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence 1 to St. 'Joseph's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LONG— In this city. November SO, Frederick
Long, father of Mrs. Mary Wlttman. .
(tyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Caxew and English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Please omit flowers.
LUCAS— In this city, December 2, 1901, Wil-
liam Lucas. '
MADDOX— In Vallejo, November 30, 1901. John
Henry Maddox, beloved husband of Martha .
R. Maddox. and father, of Walter G., Wil-
liam C. and John H. Maddox Jr., a native of
Wisconsin, aged 59 years 4 months and 22
days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this
(Tuesday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from the
family residence, Virginia and . Sonoma
streets. Interment Hillside Cemetery..
MALLOY— In this city. November 30, 190L
Walter, beloved husband of Linda G. Malloy
and father of Walter S. Malloy, a native of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
■» -Fifth st.. - opposite Lincoln School,
t Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County. - • : ■
. OFFICE »1G MARKET STREET." '.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.' J.
McBrearty. .with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street,- between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
» ' ■ . ■-
Eugene McGinn. • JIcGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET. <
Telephone South 252. .San Francisco.
NoConnectlon With 'Any Other House.
Boston, Mass., aged 49 years 11 months and
-20 days. - - ■ -■ ■ ■:' '-.-. .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Red ■ Men's
Hall, 820 Post street, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W. "In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the residence of his sister, Mrs. F. M. Grif-
fin, 3447 Nineteenth street. . .
MARX— In Los Angeles, Ralph E., beloved
husband of Jennie H. Marx, father of Flora
Marx, and brother of Mrs. J. M. Rothschild,
Mrs. S. Frledenreich and Melville and Henry
Marx, aged 39 years. > f .
MILLER— In this city, December 1, 1901, Mag-
nus Henry, dearly beloved son of John and
Maggie J. Miller, and brother of John F.
Miller, a native of San Francisco, a_ed 24
years 1 month and 13 days.
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday); at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 832 Turk street..' -. ■ .. ■ ■
MURPHY— In this city, December 2. 1901. at
the parents' residence, 355 Minna street. John
J., beloved son of Timothy, and Hannah
Murphy, and lovlne brother of Daniel F.,
Jeremiah L., Vincent S. and - Margaret E.
Murphy and Mrs. William Perkins, a native
of San Francisco. ; /
NESBITT— At Rio Vista, Cal., December 1.
1901, Joseph Asbury Nesbltt, beloved husband
of Mary E.- Nesbitt, and son of the late Anna
J. Gardner, a native of San Francisco, aged
49 years 1 month and 6 days.
C^Funeral Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence.
QUACKENBUSH— In New York City. Decem-
ber 1, 1901, Mary J., widow of Peter McL.
Quackenbush.
REILLY— In this city, December 1, 1901, Annie
F., beloved wife of John J. Reilly, and sister
of Richard R. and Arthur J. Brannagan, • a.
native of Willow Creek, San Benlto County,
Cal.. aged 30 years 11 months and 17 days."
(Hollister papers please copy.)
•ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 27 Hattie street, thence to the
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for thi
repose of her soul, commencing at 7:45
o'clock. Interment at Hollister by 9 a. m.
train from Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets.
STONE— In Oakland, December 2, 1901, Jane
W., widow of the late Leonard Stone, and
beloved mother of Susie B. Stone, Mrs.' W.
A. Glunz. Mrs. Orrin Knox, Mrs. K. ' B.
Smith and Mrs. W. C. Barrett, aged 72 years
7 months and 9 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 912 Adeline street, Oakland.
Interment at San Lorenzo Cemetery.
WICHELHAUSEN— In this' city, November 30,
1901. Herman Wichelhausen, a native of
Westphalia, aged 71 years.
ITS' Friends and acquaintances and Board of
Directors are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock,
from the Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled.
507 Lombard street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets by 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment New Salem Cemetery.
WINDSOR— In this city, December 2, 1901,
Harry Windsor, beloved husband of Annie
Windsor, a native of London, England, aged
29 years and 15 days. ■■
.Sfianahan Florist Co.
*& ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
. Prices Reasonable . t
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 7SSF. 5053
ENGAGED YOUNG
COUPLE MISSING
Strange ' Disappearance
Puzzles People of
Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 2.— Belle Kline,
19 years old, and William Martin, who
has just reached his majority, have dis
appeared .from their homes in this city.
Up to a week ago Martin was In the em
ploy of the local telephone company as
a lineman and Miss Kline had been in
the employ of the same company as an
operator. They were engaged to be mar
ried and no objections were raised on the
part of the parents of either.
On the afternon of November 22 the
couple started out for a walk. Since that
time they have not been seen. They
were attired in their Vevery-day" -clothes
and nothing of value belonging to them
has been missed. The authorities, who
have been notified of their disappearance,
hint at an elopement, but the parents of
the young lady dp not agree to this the
ory. As grounds for their contradiction
they say that there was no reason for an
elopement, as the young pair had been
told that they were welcome . to ' marry
when and where they pleased. Further
than this, it is said Martin was not finan
cially In a position to marry, and because
of this would not have been able to pay
the expense which would ;be attached to
a runaway marriage.
The officers dp not fear for the safety
of the missing couple, but the parents of
the young woman say that this hopeful
view does not allay their anxiety. It is
known that they are of the opinion that
a tragedy has been committed, but how
or when is a perplexing addition to what
has already proved a mystery.
Descriptions of the missing couple have
been sent by Sheriff Borgwardt through
out the country and deputies have made
a thorough search of this and Kern City.
A statement which would tend to
strengthen the opinion that Miss Killne
and Martin have eloped was made to-day
by Charles P. Fox of this city, who but
recently returned from Los Angeles. He
says that Mrs. Fox noticed on the streets
of Los Angeles a few days ago a young
lady whom she supposed at the time was
Miss Klline. Not having heard of her
disappearance, however, no particular at
tention was paid to her and the incident
was forgotten until it was recalled to-day
by the publication of the story in this
city. \
BERLIN EDITORS
ARE BEING TRIED
Are Accused of Insulting
Major General Von
Ketteler.
BERLIN, Dec. 2.— Trial. was begun to
day in the Berlin Criminal Court of three
members of the editorial staff of Vor
waerts, the Socialist paper. They j are
charged with insulting Major General von
Ketteler by the publication . of the so
called "Hun letters," which accused Gen
eral von Ketteler and his column of sum
mary and barbarous treatment of the
Boxers during the Chinese expedition, es
pecially of shooting , twenty-two Boxers
at Yachiao.
General von Ketteler maintained' that
these twenty-two men were shot in. pur
suance of a sentence of court-martial for
the massacre of 200 Christians: .
Lieutenant Stolzenberger testified that
the inhabitants of this village were driven
together in the market place, where" two
Chinese Christians picked out Boxers
whom they accused of participating in
the massacre in auestion. .
An English missionary named ■ Lawry
then examined the men accused by" the
two converts and selected twenty-two -of
their. . number as surely being Boxers.
These men were executed, at General von
Ketteler's orders. /- • >~...
The. general told the court that .these
executions were necessary In order" to
break up the reign of terror established
,by the Boxers throughout the whole dis
trict. «- ■ ■ ■,;■> ■'■'■■■■ .'-I-." ; ••<■• -•-- -•■.-'■
• Two of the prisoners, ■- named Schmidt
and Jon, were convicted of the charges
against them • and sentenced to six and
seven months' imprisonment, respective
ly- ■ ' ' -■-'-■•. ' .. ■ -"-
"Kid" Keeps His Promise."
LONDON, Dec. 2.— At Mile;. End to
night""Kid". McCoy, the American, pugil
ist, carried out his engagement to defeat
any three heavy-weights, each' within
four rounds.- ' This offer was especially
open tO' Jack O'Brien, who, however, did
not? respond to it. > McCoy disposed - of
Dave Barry of ' Philadelphia In-' two
rounds, Jack Scales of England in twen
ty seconds and Jack Madden- of Boston
in three) rounds. :■ ; •
POLICE DOUBT
ROBBERY STORY
Edward Ezekiel Says He
Was ;< Held c Up" in
Nevada Block.
Admits That He Loses All
, Earnings Playing
Poker.
Edward Ezekiel, collector and bellboy
at the Union League Club, reported at
police headquarters yesterday afternoon
that, he had. been knocked down and rob
bed of between $140 and $150 in the Ne
vada block by an unknown man. He told
Captain Seymour that after leaving the
office of, Reuben Lloyd he went toward
the rear stairway, when he got a blow on
the left side of the face. He staggered
against the wall and got another blow on
the right side of the face. . " « '
The next thing he remembered he was
lying' on the floor. He was carried j into
an office, and it was then that he discov
ered that he had been robbed. He did
not see any one and he thought the per
son who hit him must have been hiding
by the rear stairway. The money was in
his .trousers pockets, and $5 that he had
in his coat pocket and a check in his Test
pocket were not taken. \ ,
Before going to the Nevada block he
said he went to the Sub-Treasury to col
lect, where he saw a man standing in the
doorway. He saw the same man after
ward when he went up In the elevator of
the -Safe 'Deposit building. The man wore
a blue coat and light Fedora hat. He
said he would- not know him if he saw
him again. Ezekiel showed a bruise on
his left cheek and two slight bruises on
his forehead as evidence of the blow he
received.
, He was closely questioned, and admit
ted that he spent most of his time play
ing poker in the Cafe Royal and the Bald
win Annex.' He led the people in the Cafe
Royal* to believe that he was a reporter
on the Examiner. He had lost all that he
had saved and earned for the past two
years while employed af the- Union
League Club playing poker and he waa
behind the game at the Cafe Royal. He
has a wife and child at 1003 Golden Gate
avenue, where be lives.
He had promised his wife that he would
not gamble, and she believed him. Ho
owed $100 personally and his wife owed
$50. His salary is $50 per month, but his
wife rented out rooms in their house and
he had borrowed money from her to gam
ble with. She provided for herself and
the baby from the money that came In
from the rents and boarded with her pa
rents, who charged her nothing.
Captain Seymour and the secretary of
the club, who heard his story, were doubt
ful about it, and the captain detailed De
tectives Wren and McMahon to make an
investigation. .
After a thorough investigation Detec
tives Wren .and McMahon reported last
night to Captain Seymour that they were
satisfied that Ezekiel was not robbed.
They believe that a wound above his eye
was inflicted by himself in order to make
it appear that he was the victim of a
robber.
Robert Craven, a dishwasher, reported
to the Harbor police yesterday that he
had been knocked down and robbed of
$1 75 on Mission-street wharf yesterday.
The matter is being Investigated by Cap
tain Dunleavy, although little credence la
placed in the story.
James Dooley and John Rolkey were ar
rested early yesterday morning by Po
liceman McCormlck and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery. They
were accused of robbing John Harring
ton of 614 Howard street . of 80 cents and
a pocket knife near his home. They ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday,
and after being instructed and arraigned
the case was continued till" December 5.
D. J. Kelly, alias P. J. McCauley, and
John Murphy were instructed and ar
raigned in Judge Conlan's court yester
day on a charge of robbery andthe case
was continued till December 6. They are
accused of knocking down and robbing
Harry Lorenz, 738 Green street, at Powell
and O'Farrell early Sunday morning.
P. Sweeney, 228 Michigan street, report
ed to the police yesterday morning that
he had been robbed of $30 by a man
named Cullen. He met Cullen in Conroy's
saloon on Third street Sunday night and ;
had several drinks with him. Cullen left ■
the saloon shortly after midnight with
Sweeney and took him to a lodging-house, I
where Cullen was robbed of $30 which he
had in his pockets^ The police are search
ing for Cullen.
CHILEANS OBJECT
TO ARBITRATION
Some Fiery Speeches in
• the Pan- American
Congress.
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 2.— The session
of the Pan-American conference took an
unexpected turn to-day. The order of the
day- called for a discussion of the project
for a Pan-American bank and the ex
change of official publications, but at the
opening of the session Mr. Baez of Para
guay took the floor and made a speech
advocating a comprehensive scheme of
arbitration.
Delegate Baez said that the Monroe doc
trine protected the American nations
only from European aggression. What
was needed was another doctrine to pro
tect'them from aggression on the part of
one another. This desideratum had been
supplied | by the Diaz : doctrine, recently
enunciated by Senor Chavero at the ban
quet given* by. the Mexican delegation In
honor of their colleagues. The basis of
the -Diaz . doctrine, he said,, was peace,
but peace could be assured. only through
Justice, and Justice could be assured only
through arbitration. Therefore, said Mr.
Baez, itwas necessary to proclaim com
pulsory and universal arbitration as the
basis of the international law of the
Americans.
The Chilean delegates showed manifest
Indications of impatience during the
speech of Mr. Baez. At its conclusion Mr.
Matte of. Chile arose and said that he
thought it would be better for the con
ference to confine Itself to the order of
the day, instead of listening to mere
academical discussions.
Mr ■ Bermejo ! of Argentine, when he
"arose to report on the project for the
•Pan-American bank, took exception to
Mr. Matte's remarks, saying that the sub
ject of arbitration was not academical,
but one that vitally concerned the future
peace of the American continent. He then
went on to show the expediency of the
Pan-American bank.
The Chilean delegate then offered an
amendment to the effect that interested
Governments give the proposed bank a
subsidy of $100,000 Bold per annum for five
years, -to start with, to be contributed
according to population by the several
countries. The project was referred back
to the committee with this amendment.
The project for ; the exchange of publi
cations was also referred back to the
committee j with an unimportant amend
ment. -.' 1 " * < ; ■— . ■ - ■ .'
' The session was about to adjourn when
Walker Martinez of Chile sprang to his
feet and made a fiery speech denouncing
what he f called the premature introduc
tion'of the/subject of arbitration. He said
that, as the subject was still in commit
tee, it was manifestly improper to pre
cipitate a discussion thereof before the
committee had reported. ■ .
Marriage of Frank Jay Gould.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Frank Jay.GouW,
theTyoungest : son of the late Jay Gould,
and ' Miss " Helen :: Kelly, daughter, of the
later Edward Kelly, were married this
evening at -the Kelly residence in this
city. | Owing to the death recently of
Commodore Kelly the wedding was with
out display. ■ Only members of the two
families were present.
MORE ABOUT MAX
KERSHOW'S WILL
McAllister Says. Kowal
sky Showed Him a
Document.
Gives His Reason for Refus
ing to Serve as Executor
of the Estate.
The trial of the Kershow will contc3t
case was resumed yesterday in Depart
ment 9 of the Superior Court. Alice
Kennedy, Kershow's nurse, was on the
witness stand all morning. She testified
that she never saw Morgan Smith do
any writing at Tortoni's, but that she
saw him frequently at the Maison Rlche
take a sheet of paper and do a little
"scribbling." On these occasions, said
the witness, he always remarked that' he
was writing to a friend.
Hhea Gettings was recalled by Attorney
Rix. She said she saw Kershow in,18U9,
but did not go to live with him until 1900.
She left him, she said, in February or
March of this year. ~
Hall McAllister, who was named as ex
ecutor in the disputed will, testified that
he saw Kershow only .twice before • he
died, and then only for a few minutes.
McAllister said the first time he saw the
document purporting to be the last will
of Kershow was in the courtyard of the
Palace Hotel, when it was shown to him
by Attorney Kowalsky. McAllister also
said that the reason he resigned the office
of executor was because he was going to
leave the State.
Dr. Henry L. Wagner, who attended
Kershow In bis last illnesB, was placed
on the stand. Dr. Wagner said the first
time he met Kershow was in 1899. when
he was called to attend him for sickness
due to overindulgence in intoxicants. In
April, 1901, the month in which the al
leged will was written, the doctor stated
that he called upon Kershow thirty times
as a physician and made fully fifteen
friendly visits. He said also that he
never, saw any one In the rooms of the
collegian but the nurse and occasionally
John Roland, his office boy, whom he sent
to Kershow's rooms at the latter's re
quest.
The case was continued until this
morning at 11 o'clock.
URGES PASSAGE
OF TARIFF BILL
Chancellor Von Bulow
Opens the Debate in
the Reichstag.
BERLIN, Dec 2.— "This bill is the most
important that has been before the house
for a long time, but 'it does not imply
any deviation from the policy in regard
to treaties of commerce," said the Im
perial Chancellor, Count von Bulow, at
the opening of the debate on the tariff
bill in the Reichstag to-day. "On the
contrary the Federal Governments are
firmly resolved to pursue a policy with
commercial treaties in the future In the
interest of German industry, while, of
course, upholding the just rights of Ger
many."
The Chancellor then proceeded to say
that the bill had been carefully prepared
upon material furnished by experts in
the various branches of trade and indus
try.' On these branches the imperial
authorities had built up the present bill
and submitted it to the Bundesrath,
which practically agreed on the measure
as long ago as July. The bill took into
account all the Interests and wishes that
were especially deserving of considera
tion, and more particularly agriculture.
But it was also Intended to remedy de
fects that the existing tariff displayed in
respect to commerce and industry. The
Federal Governments were fully prepared
for heated conflicts, but he (the Imperial
Chancellor) • was convinced that the new
tariff offered a basis affording good pro
tection to agriculture, industry and trade.
He hoped that in the ensuing discussions
a sense of confidence in the Government
would prevail.
Emperor Approves the Bill.
The Chancellor's remarks were greeted
with cheers. Continuing, the Chancellor
said:
The Emperor has approved the bill, which
is the result of several years' comprehensive,
careful labor; which Is the outcome of the
requirements of German economic - life, and
which is Intended, while giving, so far as pos
sible, equal consideration to all interests, to
meet, above all, the wishes for increased pro
tection manifested by the agriculturists, the
Justice of which, within the limits prescribed
by one regard for the commonweal, cannot be
disputed.
The measure also is intended to furnish a
better weapon for future commercial treaty
negotiations with other states.
The bill, therefore, is not a departure from
the policy of tariff treaties. ■
The statement caused exclamations
from the Leftists.
"Wait a moment," retorted Count von
Bulow, "and see which way the hare
runs next." After a short pause he con
tinued :
In any case the Federal Governments have
firmly resolved in the interests of German ex
port trade, to pursue this policy in the future
as In the past, and to decide, according to our
own judgment, upon the limits of what we
can grant without abandoning vital German
interests.
It is now the business of this exalted house
to examine the bill and pass it to law. Tha
Federal Governments are' conscious of the far
reaching Importance of the task before them,
so far as the economic life of the nation Is con
cerned, and of the unusual difficulties attend
ing the reorganization of our customs system.
I dwell especially on agriculture because
with the Federal Governments I am convinced
it is. in a particularly difficult position, while
industry and commerce during the last de
cade have shown much more favorable devel
opment.
Protection, for Agriculture.
In view of the high importance of agriculture
for the nation's power and sustenance it should
be afforded every measure of protection com
patible with the conditions of our general eco
nomic life. Germany is both an Industrial and
an agrarian state. We must have regard for
the millions of hands- employed in the factories
and in traffic on land and sea. It should be
the earnest endeavor of every responsible
statesman to Insure and facilitate our share
of the International exchange of goods and se
cure foreign treaties on acceptable conditions,
thus promoting the well being of the great
masses of the population.
"We shall have to conduct our debates and
attendant domestic conflicts, which certainly
will . not be lacking, before foreign ears. Let
us remember throughout the conflicts and party
differences that we are dealing In our own in
terests with the national egotism, which Is
our perfect right, and let us not forget that
we can only present a united and strong front
to other countries by demonstrating in the
speeches and resolutions the paramountcy of
the general welfare"and general idea.
The appearance of Dr. von Thielman,
Secretary of the Imperial Treasury, was
the signal for an uproar that was contin
ued throughout his address. He urged
forbearance upon the part of those who
were dissatisfied, pointed out the care
with , which the tariff measure had been
drawn up and assured the house that it
would facilitate negotiations with Rus
sia and other countries. He said that In
spite of higher duties on cereals the Gov
ernment hoped to come to an understand
ing with the United Statesv ". \- ,i-
Almost Asphyxiated in His Room.
E.' Eber, a young man who Is employed
in the Baldwin jewehry store at 844 Mar
ket street, had an exceedingly narrow es
cape at an early hour this morning from
being asphyxiated." He was found in his
room at 1021 Ellis street, almost overcome
by the poisonous fumes.- He was removed
to the . Central emergency- "Hospital,
where restoratives were applied. He gave
signs of recovering. -'...
Defeated by the Boxers.
SHANGHAI, Dec, 2,— The Government
troops have been badly defeated In North
east Chillby Boxers whose depredations
are causing a great, deal of trouble.
SOUSA RECEIVES
VICTORIA MEDAL
"March King" Tells How
King Edward Sur
prised the Queen.
Great Secrecy Maintained in
Arrangements for Playing
" at Sandringham.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— Sousa brought to
London from Sandringham, where his
band played last night by royal com
mand before their Majesties and the
royal family,, the Royal Victoria medal,
with which King Edward presented the
bandmaster in appreciation of hl3 serv
ices to music. The Prince of Wales per
sonally affixed the decoration to Sousa's
breast. • .In describing the visit Sousa said
to a- representative of the Associated
Press: . ?-' ■
••It was among the most gratifying ex
periences of my life. The royal command
was received several days prior to tha
visit, but was kept a strict secret, th«
King desiring to give the Queen a birth
day surprise. Considerable duplicity waa
necessary to complete the arrangements
without divulging our destination. We
took Alfred de Rothschild Into our confi
dence and gave out that we were going
to play at his country seat on Sunday.
It was only when we entrained that the
band was informed whither we were
bent. The King's motor-car took myself
and wife from the station. We marched
into the ballroom, at 10:30. Some twenty
persons were present, including the King
and Queen, the Princess and Prince oC
Wales, the Duke of Cambridge, the
Duchess of. Manchester and Lady- de-
Gray. We first played 'God Save the
King,' and then his Majesty sent word '
that he wanted 'The Star-spangled Ban
ner/ during, the playing of which they
all, including King Edward, stood up.
The programme consisted of 'Plantation
Songs and Dances,' The Washington
Post March,' 'The Stars and Stripes,' a
trombone solo by Arthur Pry or and the
Reese-Davies collection of American
hymns, including 'Nearer, My- God, to
Thee.' which seemed to deeply affect the
distinguished listeners.
"The King especially requested us to
play 'Hands Across the Sea,' and then
sent word that he wanted '£1 Capitan.'
He then requested 'King Cotton' and
the 'Coon Band.' At the conclusion
the King again sent word to
play 'The Star-Spangled Banner* and
again all present stood up. The King
stepped forward, shook hands with me,
chatted with me in the most cordial man
ner and asked me to congratulate the
band on. its excellent technique. The
Queen came up, thanked me and, turning
to the King, told him how much she had
enjoyed her birthday surprise, especially
the hymn tunes, of which she requested
copies. The ■ Prince of Wales joined in,
referred pleasantly to his trip and ex
pressed regret that he did not have time
to visit 'the United States. Then the King
handed me this medal, which the Prince
of Wales pinned on my breast.
"The Queen accorded me permission to
dedicate a march to her. It was nearly
1 o'clock when we drove off to the sta
tion. I have never played to a more ap
preciative audience, nor have I been more
kindly treated. The King looked to be
In excellent health. He certainly was In
the best of spirits. He had nothing but
kind words for America, and certamly
knows more than most people about
American music."
DESERTERS PLAN
THE MASSACRE
American Renegades Are
Held Responsible for
Samar Disasters.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— According to
Manila newspapers, copies of which hav»
been received at the War Department, the
massacre of Company C, Ninth Infantry,
at Balangiga, Samar, was planned by de
serters from the American army. The
newspapers state that two such deserters
are known to have acted as spies two days
before the massacre.
It is said that when the First Infantry
was relieved by the Ninth on the island
of Samar, these deserters obtained somo
uniforms. which had got adrift during tha
transfer and thus equipped passed as
American regulars. -
. Deserters in Samar are becoming very
bold, it is stated, and it is not an infre
quent sight to find signs written in Eng
lish posted on treea and shrubbery. Invit
ing Americans to Join the Insurgents and
instructing them how to enlist.
It is also said to be a generally under
stood fact that deserters from the Ninth
Cavalry (colored) are responsible for all
the trouble the American troops have
been having In the Batangas Province. It
is said deserters from this regiment led
the fight near Lipa in July, In which Cap
tain Wilhelm and Lieutenant Ramsay,
Twenty-first Infantry, and Lieutenant
Lee of the Engineers, were killed.
General Smith, In Samar, and the Twen
tieth Infantry in Batangas are said to b«
hot on the trail of the deserters.
HUGE TELESCOPE
AWAITS LENSES
Searcher of the Skies to
Be Tested at Lick
Observatory.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2.— There has just
been completed at the Fulton Iron Works
in this city a huge telescope, minus the
lenses, for Li-ck Observatory, Mount
Hamilton. The framework for the two
36-inch lenses Is a huge bulk of - steel
weighing SO0O pounds. The tube for the
lenses is . forty Inches In diameter and
sixteen feet long..
The work has been passed upon by Pro
fessor Campbell of Lick Observatory, and
the instrument will go to Mount Hamil
ton only for testing purposes; after thai
it will be shipped to Chile and mounted
on some high peak of the Andes. The
present plan is to leave it there for three
years, in order that close and accurate
observation of the southern heavens may
be made. * : ~ j
Truthful men frequently lie at the point
of death.
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world . is so good— none
so lasting.
Sold all over. the world.
1314
DEPLORES NEED
OF SOAP BOXES
Grand Jury Condemns
Use of Ancient Desks '.
in Schools.
Finds Cause for Caustic Ref
erence to Methods in
Police Courts.
The Grand Jury which was impaneled
June 4 by Presiding Judge Frank H.
Dunne completed its labors yesterday
and tiled its final report. Judge Dunne
thanked tiie jurors for their services and
dismissed theirs.
In its report the Grand Jury says that
instead of appointing the usual eighteen
committees only sir were named, in order
that the work might be more concentrat
ed. Twenty-six meetings were held, five
indictments were returned, eight cases
were dismissed and a number "of cases
that were presented were not considered.
In all sixty-live complaints of various
kinds were* considered and disposed of.
'ltee report says:
Criticize Police Courts.
The department which has haU our severest
criticism is that of the Police Courts and the
prosecution of criminals. We repret that politi
cal conditions have been such as to stand in
the way of a prompt and efficient dispensation
ol justice with the criminal classes..' The law's
delays are <>rove;bial. but the slowness of ac
tion "of the Police Courts and" the apparent in
e'jflicienoy of punishment in many cases have
n<_t ajijieared to t's excusable.
This jury has been appealed { to to take up
cr.*cs vhich properly belong to the Police
Ooiite on the ground that the parties were de
void of laith in these aer>artnients. Such de
mands doubt!e«5 come befoi-e many Grand
Jtrits. but th« court? should be conducted so
at. to merit the confidence of all the people all
th« time. .
l'he Board of Supervisors is requested to "re
fruii; lrura granting licensee ta so-called ath
lttic clubs, which are in fact, schools for pro
fessional ragriliEnu LesitiniiAe athletic clubs
deserve commendation and rapport. The Su
pervisors should realize thai the encourag**
mc>Tit of prize fighting is injurious to the best
interests of the comrcunlty, and the class • of
eshibitiens T7hich are forb>dd«ti in other cities
ar.d States ehould not be made -welcome here.
Considerable attention is 'given.' to tho
•workings of the Board of Public- "Wdrk.i.
Details are given of the reports and ex
penditures and suggestions ane made as
to mere economic measures.
Regarding Justices of the Peace the
suggestion is made that they should re
main in their offices all day and not prac
tice as attorneys while holding office.
The report on the School i>epartment
foikxrs. in part: • .
Forced to TJse Soap Boxes.
"We have visited seventy -one school buildings,
interviewed princiiKils and hundreds of teach
ers and carefully Inspected the • buildings,
grounds and outbuilding* — a much more care
lul examination than is customary..
No teacher should be called upon to teach a
mixed grade, if it can pofsibly be avoided, as
it inevitably detracts iroci the best results.
The General expression of the teachers seems
to be that there are too many studies for the
school hours and the larger the class the less
effective is their work. In no case should a
teacher be called upon to te»:h more than fifty
paplls in a class, and the number should be
restricted to forty whenever possible.
The school buildings have J>ean so often con
demned in imblic and private that it seems a
pity to repeat the condemnation. Many of them
arv a disgrace to the city; a. continual tax upon,
p-cpil and teacher alike. In jnany cases the
Eir.itary arr-liances call for immediate atten
tion; the provisions for escape in case of fire
are also entirely inadequate.
The old style desks aEd seats should be done
away with and replaced by modern ones, and
in every case they should be adapted to the
sire of the pupil. We saw children carrying
empty soap and candle boxes into school in
order to have somethinff upon which to rest
their feet. Those who are not so provided must
be in continual torture.
The usual praise and suggestions as to
the conduct of the various offices of the
municipality is embraced in the report.
The .Magdalen Asylum comes in for a
special measure of commendation and the
Police Judges are recommended to send
more unfortunate girls there.
PHa.CE OF CHIEF SANTTABTZ
INSPECTOR IS NOT FILLED
Civil Service Commission Fails to Ke
port List of Eligibles to the
Board of Health.
A special meeting of the Board of
Health was held yesterday afternoon to
appoint a Chief Sanitary Inspector to
succeed Dr. W. P. Chalmers. Tbere was
a hitcfc somewhere. The Civil Service
Commission failed to certify the names
of the three eligibles from whbch the
Board of Health might make a cboice.
About three weeks ago the commission
sent a list of five names of those vriio had
passed the examination. Dr. Chalmers,
the Incumbent, was the lowest. Later
a demand was made on the coin
rnisEion for the names of three eJigibles
from which to select one, but tlw Civil
Service Commission was not ready to re
port, according to the statement made by
Secretary Emery of the Health Board'
and the place is now vacant.
The rest of the list of temporary em
ployes, with the exception of the Chief
Sanitary Inspector, was again adopted
for thirty days. Miss Dwyer was substi
tuted for matron in the Emergency Hos
pital in place of Miss Brown.
The Civil Service Commission also ' no
tified the Health Board that the appoint
ment of George A. Connolly as clerk was
not approved, as the commission thought
the place ought to be filled by some one
on the list of eligible clerks.
Chief of Police Wittman was appointed
to the chairmanship of the Committee on
Complaints and Nuisances of the Health
Ecard. and the resignation of John Cad*>
rr.atori as night watchman at the Alms
house was accepted.
Can Go "Where She Pleases.
The writ of habeas corpus applied for
In Judge Coolfs court in connection w'th
Hannah Shimozune, the nine-year-old
Japanese actress, was dismissed by the
J !i Og< L, y » sterda £ 2* d the little girl was
allowed to go with whom she pleases
>ecococcao*oeo6eeee99G09ooooeoeeo**e9ee9oeee
: -gORBSIg I
"V^ . TH.AO* MARK. • V*T-. .. . .■• ■ -■ • ' : -\C 9)
THE BEST SHOE FOR WOMEN.'/' *. ; " . • - '■ '•. •. r5
None genuine without the Sorosls Irbsl. . ' . - '-.,'!■ Q
Ladies' boots and shoes for every requirement e
of weather or climate or dress. §
Made of finest selected Leathers by skilled work- g
men— on scientifically designed lasts* ©
Th;ss facts are made !n the foroslm factory,, and when ee'ected by 0 Q
purchaser mre reserved for her particular use. They c en not be Q
duplicated bjr any other maker. ■ . : , " 0
$3.5O per pair. i : ; %
Misses' and Children's Shoes and Boots. ©
For school or dress occasions. v /•
These are made on similar lasts to the-Ladres', •
are fashionable in appearance, hygienic in J
design, and with the correct shaping to per- •
feet the form of the foot while growing; §
Misses' Sizes, , - imto 2, 1F3.00 per r air. g
Children's Sizes. 8 to 11, $2 5J *' " ©
... ■ -'-■-''-.■■ _ . " ; ' '. A
50 THIRD STREET, San Francisco, |
NEW SCHEDULE OF OIL RATES
MAKES PRODUCERS JUBILANT
Railroad Commissioners Decide Against Defendant
Corporations Upon the Rehearing.
THE "oil: ' people/' r for such 1 the
producers of the \ valley ' oil fields
have been ", called, have won ' an
other victory, over the combined
railroads, -fhe. Southern Pacific and
the Santa Fe. . In a decision signed, by
Railroad Commissioners Laum.eister and
Edson the rehearing of ' the case of Le
Blanc vs.. the Southern Pacific et al. was
finally concluded yesterday. A new
schedule of . rates . has been established
and these rates are even fairer to the
oil men than those established by the re
duction made by . the commission last
year. . ♦. . .
The rate as . originally established by
the Southern Pacific Company was 42
cents per barrel from Bakersfield to San
Francisco. Complatnt after -complaint
poured into the Kailroad Commission on
account of the exorbitant charge, and
when John Le Blanc filed his charges the
case came up for a hearing. After an
investigation, conducted by the railroad
attorneys on one side and Frank H.
Short, the representative of the -oil men
on the other, the commission -reduced the
rate from 42 rents per barrel to. 37.8 cents.
Then came the rehearing because the
Southern Pacific, this time reinforced by
the Santa Fe, claimed • to have new-evi
dence. The new evidence was heard and
a. new' schedule resulted. The* old switch
ins rates on the spur track,- a bone of
contention, received the heaviest shock.
They were cut in two. As In the .former
decision, Laumeister and Edson voted for
reduction. Blackstock. demurred, though
he was in favor of - a slight reduction in
the switching rates. _< . -"..-. ... ., \. '■'•.-.
jfrew "Schedule of Kates.
The new schedule of rates is" embodied
In the decision, which is as follows: ;
On all -shipments .where .the-.- distance ifrom
the point of shipment to. the point of consign
ment is 100 milts or less, a maximum rate' of
seven and one-half* (7V4) cents, per 100 pounds
shall be charred: for all .shipments where the
distance from the point of shipment to' the
point of consignment is over 100 ' miles, and : less
than 200 miles, a maximum- rate, of .nine and
one-half <9<£) cents per 100 pounds shall . be
charged: for all shipments where the : distance
from the point of shipment to the point of con
signment i« 2M miles or over and not exceeding
375 miles a maximum. rate of eleven and one
third cents (11 3-3) per 100 pounds shall be
charged,. provided, also, that where the distance
from the point of shlpment'tothe'poinfof con
signment on such roads exceeds 375 miles an ad
ditional charge of eight (.008) mills per ton per
mile for each. mile over such "375 miles may- be
charted and collected.;-' . . , '• •'. • ,-; •'■"•■' /" •
Provided, also, | that i for shipments • of such
crude . petroleum over- all lines . of- railroad ex
tending over, the . Tehachapl. Mountains'- and
connecting the city of . Los Angeles' and the
city of Bakersfield | and between said cities in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1901.
THE CLEVER ATTORNEY WHO REPRESENTED .THE OIL MEN IN
THEIR FIGHT BEFORE THE RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS TO SE
* .CURE REDUCED RATES FROM THE KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
this -- State, -said line or lines ot road being
especially difficult and expensive to. -operate,
having many heavj grades and" curves, tlie.de
fendants | or either or any of them operating
such line or Klines of road -or over .the- same"
between said two cities in addition to the charge
hereinbefore permitted and allowed. may, charge _
and collect an additional charge oi 1 amount of.,
nine and' one-half (.0095) mills 'per' ton per 1 mile
for transporting such oil over said line or lines
df road or any part of- the same.. .'And all'rates
of transportation by the def«ndants or either or
any of them, within the State of California,
in excess of the rates herein fixed and provided
for are declared and adjudged I tb~ be excessive
and unreasonable, .and the rates of transports-,
tion hereinbefore - ordered and provided,
as above 'stated, are, - the -conditions
and - difficulties ■ of '• such ; transportation'
considered,, .heceby declared to . be fair,
reasonable and Just rates to be charged and
collected for the transportation of ' crude pe-»
troleum oil within the State of California from,'
points ' of shipment to points of consignment,'
and'' the-rates-hereinprovided for arcflxed. and
declared to be the maximum rate that may.be
or can be charged rir collected .. by the defendants
or either of them for. the transportation of crude
petroleum .oil • within; the State , of California,
as' above ordered, and. provided,- and-.' the; said
defendants are '.each, expressly.' commanded not
to charge and are ordered and directed not 'to
charge, exact or collect any rate of transporta
tation. in excess of '.the rates -herein fixed -and
provided.' ■;■,-■•■*■•: >'. y , *■■ ■.-."■■ . .• ■ •, . ;.■ ■ •;
The rates herein provided! for as aforesaid
shall 'apply to shipments in- carload lots, and
the defendants 'shall -receive and ship the same
in such ■ carload lots when- offered • in • that quan
tity. The ■ minimum - weights of; such | carload
lots shall be the capacity, of- the car in -which
such petroleum :1s. shipped. .",. :V ; y . . :;
Switching, Charges 'Cut.
: In relation to the charge complained .of in the
complaint j for ■ transportation ' over -that - certain
switch or- spur track' described ."in -.-'the' com
plaint and answer, . and extending '. from the
main line of road operated by the Southern
Pacific Company from the town of Bakenfleld
or.' Kern City: on "nald 1 main line into /what Is
known as the Kern River Oil District, and for
which -it 'is alleged -In the complaint a.nd ad
mitted in the ' answer, . a spur or switch charge
of a 1-3 cents per barrel from Oil City on said
spur, track and of -4 2-3 cents per barrel from
all points on said spur track more distant from
said main line than said Oil : City, is charged
and exacted by said defendant. It - appears
from the evidence that . the defendant, the'
Southern Pacific Company, has entered into an
agreement which is now in force,: with the -de-'
fondant,- the- Atchlson, Topeka and ' Santa Fe
Company, whereby for all oil to be used by. the
said railroad company last named;. a charge of
only. 1. cent per barrel for the -.use of said. spur,
track; or . switch ; from any^p&nt -thereon to
said main line Is charged and collected,' the said
Atchlson, Topeka. and" Santa Fe Railroad Com-'
pany, furnishing: Its ) own cars, ". such , cara are
not furnished, by other shippers.' .The said
charge of 1 cent per' barrel, under the-clrcum
stanceB. is a discrimination ■ in favdr of the
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany as against all 'other users of ■ petroleum
oil. In the State of California, juid.lt appearing
to this board that such chat-ge of 3 1-3 and
4 2-3 cents per barrel, respectively,'- is a ' dis
criminating; excessive and unreasonable charge
and ■ that the charge hereinafter: allowed and
fixed is a fair. Just and reasonable one.
' Now. i therefore.' it is ordered. That the charge
for. such switch or spur track into the said Kern
River Oil - District be and. the same is hereby
reduced/ from the . rate aforesaid and is hereby
fixed /£fc" the: following rate, to-wlt:~ ..'• ■ .
j -"Fc'rV transporting • oil over , said switch 'or
spur track from the point called Oil City there
on ana Tronv all intermediate points to the main
line or lines -of road of •said defendants, ■ a max
imum 'charge of two ; dollars and 3 fifty' cents
(|2 5C) • per : car rrjfty be charged' and > collected
therefor,' and trotf all points on said switch or
EpuK track more/distant from said^ lines - than
said .Oil' City (s( fnetlmes called switch No. 17),
a maximum charge of three ■ dollars and fifty
cents (*3 60) per car may be charged and col
lected, and the - stiid defendants : owning - and
operating ' said switch '• or spur >. track ' are or-
dered and directed to receive crude petroleum
oil at all or any points on said switch or spur
track and to receive, charge and collect a maxi
mum .rate or amount of two dollars and fifty
cents . ($2 50) and three ■ dollars and fifty cents
($3 50) per car for transporting the same over
said switch or spur, track, espectively, as afoe
said. for each: car of. petroleum so transported,
and is commanded and prohibited from exact
ing, charging or collecting any other or greater
amount for shipments of petroleum over said
Kern River switch or spur track."
Short Is Satisfied.
; Frank H. Short was well satisfied over
the decision: In an interview yesterday
he' said: . ' ' "< '
'■ The reduction made; while not a radical one,
is acceptable to the . oil interest. The reduc
tion in the switching charge Is of great direct
benefit, and is not complicated by, any tech
nical or legal questions, "i
: It is unnecessary to say that I am highly
gratified under the circumstances. It is not
so-much the immediate "question Involved as
the confidence "of the- people In the efficiency
of; the fcourts and public tribunals. The people
are disposed to. draw too hasty and unwar
ranted conclusions. The rehearing:, for in
stance, 'while apparently adverse to the oil men,
nas resulted In positive good, j
: It is my sincere hope that the companies
Involved, will . acquiesce' in • the decieion. It
certainly cannot- be -seriously claimed that the
order : operates unjustly to them. They have
transported oil In large quantities from- Los
Angeles to San Francisco over the Tehachapl
mountains for less than 52 cents per barrel,
and- they admit that.it is more dlffloult to
transport c It from Los Angeles to Bakersfleld.
than - from Bakersfleld to San Francisco. It
follows that they have" voluntarily transported
oil from Bakersfleld^ to San Francisco at' the
equivalent of twenty-six (26) cents per barrel.
To say. < therefore, that Ian enforced rate ol
thirty-seven (37) cents and a little over per
barrel is unjust or deprives them of profits
ia not debatable.
It is to be hoped that litigation ■will not fol
low, because it' can only, result in bitterness
and loss to all Interested.
The Railroad Commission has been In exist
ence more than twenty-one years; it is cer
tainly entitled at some stage of its - existence
to exert some - rights and exercise some con
trol.-The-railroads ought to - understand their
own business, and my Judgment in such mat
ters may be worth nothing or nearly so, but
results, business and profits, not litigation,
ought to be sought and obtained.
;' We are prosperous— that is everybody but the
oll'men,; and 'they "ought to be. We ought not
to fight. ' bicker and contend. We ought to be
willing; to give' and' receive,, and benefit and
advance, all industries and Interests. The de
velopment of oil has. proven of greater benefit
to.the: railroads than any other one event in
the State's history.. They ought, . I think,, and
I -hope '.will/ accept the proceeding in the spirit
in' which it has been prosecuted; only to obtain
without 'injustice to anybody: the best results
for all. '* We -greatly need a sense of Just con
trol in ■California; any. pretense of actual hard
ship r or* loss ' under existing , conditions ' could
only be ■' technical; and as a general claim ■ is
preposterous • on its face, and - would be vigor
ously combated. We ought to co-operate ■ and
submit.' our 'disputes - to ■ the regular tribunals,
and then have an end of it. I. have not sought
or attempted anything beyond what seemed
plainly right. Obviously I could not have ob
tained more than • what was right if I had
tried.' -AMMt>i^ttow#a«>^«aiwa«fti»aiBfaBJfeff r» ►-»
. The Commissioners patiently and intelligently
examined into the matter and rendered what
the majority thought was a Just . decision. ■• .-.
. I hope it will be acquiesced in and that ; the
benefits will .« be shared < by all Industries. '*' The
railroads - are each earning and :. saving ■; more
than a million ; dollars a - year as a direct re
sult of the 'Oil development,' and will continue
to ■, do, so .under the order.
"■'. The of the railroad compa
nies is not to submit to the 'commission's
decision, x Herrin in •'< his argument Inti
mated that if the ruling-, went against the
Southern Pacific an Injunction ■ would • be
asked , from .- the . courts. The - Santa Fe
Company; is likewise . disposed.
GETTING READY
FOR CAMPAIGN
Convention of the State
League Republi
can Clubs.
Thousands of Delegates to
Meet April Next in
> San Jose.
Alden Anderson, president of the State
League of Republican Clubs, is In tha
city. He will soon call for a meeting of
the ■ executive committee of the league,
so that the date of holding the biennial
State convention at San Jose may be des
ignated in ample time to make arrange
ments for a great Republican demonstray
tion. At Los Angeles in 1900 San Jose was
chosen as the city in which the convention
of 1902 should assemble and the executive
committee was authorized to fix the time.
President Anderson has recently con
sulted with leading members of the com
mittee in San Francisco and elsewhere
and ascertained that some time early in
April would be acceptable to a majority
of the clubs. The main idea is to desig
nate some week when farmers and work
ers in other fields of industrial activity
may be able to leave their accustomed
places of toil to render. their country and
the party a -patriotic service. It is esti
mated that 3000 young and progressive
Californians of Republican faith will at
tend the convention and assist in the
opening of the State campaign of 1902. It
is essential also that the citizens of San
Jose shall have ample time to arrange
for proper reception of the delegates and
provide facilities for the important work
of the convention.
Great Event in Los Angeles.
The meeting at Los Angeles in 1900, when
Alden Anderson was chosen president in
recognition of his clear record and dis
tinguished services, was a great event in
Southern California and awakened inter
est in the Republican cause throughout
the State. The demonstration next April
in San Jose may surpass all previous rec
ords of attendance and enthusiasm. It
is expected that every Republican club
in California will be represented.
The constitution of the league forbids
the endorsement of any aspirant for of
fice, but the i convention may proclaim
principles and express its judgment on the
great issues' of the day. It may be re
corded as a fact that the convention will
express the sentiment of the people of
California on the vital question of Chinese
exclusion, and it goes without saying that
the gag law will not be invoked to sup
press free speech and neither will tele
grams from eminent Republican members
of Congress be garbled at the direction of
the chairman. The presiding officer of
the convention will not accept a pro
gramme or look to a yellow newspaper of
Democratic tendencies for advice and In
struction. It can be safely predicted, also,
that the convention will not appoint four
Democrats on a committee of five to im
press upon a Republican Congress and a
Republican President the necessity of re
enacting the exclusion law. - •
Flint Arrives From Mexico.
Thomas Flint Jr., President of the Call
.fornia Senate, and a well known aspirant
for the first place on the Republican
State ticket of 1902. arrived In the city
yesterday from Mexico. During a recent
sojourn in Southern California Mr. Flint
received many assurances of personal
friendship and promises of political sup
port from leading public men of the
south. . .---....
State Senator "William M. Cutter of
Yuba is In the city. He understands that
Judge Edward Sweeney of Shasta and
Judge John F. Ellison of Tehama are
candidates for the Supreme Bench. The
Senator fancies that the Republican State
Convention would make no mistake in
establishing an order of business which
would permit judicial nominations to be
made first.
There is talk among local politicians
that Tax Collector-elect E. J. Smith has
selected James Simpson for chief clerk in
the tax office. It is also gossip that John
E. McDougald, Treasurer-elect, will ap
point T. L. Doran Chief Deputy Treas
urer. ■ r.-T'-£«<*-! '. .
W. F. Herrin received another backset
yesterday when the Railroad Commission
refused to recede from its former decision
to reduce tolls on oil shipments. Herrin
hoped to pull down Edson or Laumelster
and thus obtain a reversal of the board's
former decision. It is now obvious to the
dullest of politicians that Herrin is a
"has been."
Mrs. Kingsley Returns.
Mrs. Clara Kingsley,' for whom much
anxiety was felt by friends and relatives,
returned this morning on one of the early
boats. The lady fortunately missed' the
San Rafael and returned, staying with
friends in San Francisco over Sunday.
She was the last of the Sausalito people
on the sunken vessel to be accounted for.
The body of George T. Treadway, the
waiter who perished, has not yet been re
covered and his widow still remains in
San Francisco. It is now believed that
Treadway's body is held -by the wreck
age at the bottom of the bay. When' he
was helped to the upper deck and left in
the cabin he was able to walk, although
he limped, and those who deserted him
thought him' able to care for himself.
Chrlstmas number of . Sunset Magazine
now out. Artistic pictures of California
and -the West. Just the thing for East
ern-friends. Published by Southern Pa
cific passenger department; for sale by
all news dealers.' Contents; "The Cross
of - Golden Gate"- (poem), Charles S.
Aiken; "Christmas In Mexico, the City of
Delights," J. Torrey Connor; "Legend of
the -Mission Dolores" (poem), Ella M.
Sexton; "Luther Burbank— Man, Methods
and Achievements," Prof. Edward J.
Wickson; "Garden of the "Willow-Pattern
Plate," Irene Connell;j"The North "Wind"
(poem),' Clarence Urmy; "Winter at El
Monteclto" . (poem), Harriet Winthrop
Waring; "Carnations by the Sea," Ednah
Robinson; • "In the Drifts of the Dem
shar" (story), Warren Cheney; "The Tri
ennial Convention— A - Retrospect," H.
Robert Braden; Pasadena's Flower Fes
tival. .-,> ;
Will Distill Alcohol.
The Union Distilleries Company, has
been organized and Incorporated for the
purpose of distilling- a high grade alcohol
from "black-strap,"- a by-product . of
sugar beets that have passed through re
finery process.
This Is a new line of industry in the
United States and the Union Distilleries
Company will be ' the pioneer establish
ment. It is the intention of the directors
to construct a plant either in South San
Francisco or on the line of railroad be
tween Oakland ;and Porta'Costa. 'The di
rectors are : , -.
H. Brunner, George W. Bower, D. D.
Young, Gustave Woerner, W. A. Freder
icks and J. M. Taylor. ,• -,?. ■■ ■/, -.--.
Horrible Death of Apprentice Boy.
R. Bacon, a machinist's apprentice, 13
years old, residing with his parents- at
820 Treat avenue, was Instantly killed
yesterday afternoon in the works of the
American Can Company, • at 324 : Fremont
street. The boy had been sent up a lad
der to arrange the belting: around a shaft
while the machinery was in motion and
his jumper caught in the revolving shaft
ing. ■-; He was whirled around and his
skull broken. The Coroner will hold an
inquest, r. . .
Store Closed.
The Monarch will "sell to-day_ men's $2.50
hats for 85 cts. To-morrow the store will
be closed and open Thursday -with . a
boom. . There ; will be on sale 2500 men's
all-wool suits and overcoats worth $18 for
$4 15. v Also furnishing goods at 25 cts on
the dollar. The same with hats. All
must go.. , A band of music will be in
attendance. Everything: to open the sale
properly | on Thursday . morning at the
Monarch, 915 Market st., opposite Mason.*
Six Months for Stealing Sacks.
{ Frank Donnelly, who was arrested Sat
urday while in" the act of stealing sacks
from W..F. Laumelster, a 'drayman, was
convicted ■ by Judge Fritz yesterday , on
the charge of petty - larceny. .- He was
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail, as he is an old offender,. '.•/-&;<.
12I393mNRb3«E9h . ■ ■ " — » •
corr«i«nr km sttni moan* » oamili eo. Cincinnati
' SWEET RESTORERS. * *
t 1 ILEEP cannot be imitated except in
appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
I There- ;are other white soaps that
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are
not deceived, there is only one Ivory, the
others are imitations of its perfections. V
99<X& PER CENT. PURE.
INSPECTORS WILL SOON
INVESTIGATE THE WRECK
Commuters Are Clamoring for Greater Pror
tection Against Collision. f
SO FAR no new names have been
added to the list of those known
to have been lost through the
sinking of the ferryboat San Ra-
fael on last Saturday night. One
Sacramento man has been reported as
missing arid his relatives fear, though
they do not know, that he was aboard the
San Rafael. William G. Crandall, George
T. Treadway and Cyrus A. Waller are the
only ones known to have been lost.
Rumors have been circulating freely of
many missing men and women, but all
have proved untrue. Men whose friends
were sur6 that they left on the ill-fated
boat caught earlier ones and dropped oft
the connecting trains at their various sta
tions. From many of these stations in
formation was flashed over the wire yes
terday of the safety of those whose anx
ious friends and relatives had in their fear
given them up as lost.
The first chapter of the wreck story has
closed. ■ The next will open with the in
vestigation of the accident by the United
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels. Cap
tains McKenzle and Tribble cling fast to
their original stories about signals and
they will have the opportunity to explain
the first and the last of the accident In
regular proceedings. Until then the story
of the disaster itself will rest
Alexander Hall of Sacramento Is miss
ing. His relatives have tried unavall
ingly to locate him and they fear that he
was a passenger on the San Rafael the
nigrht she sank.
The wreck has stirred up the commut
ers on both sides of the bay. All are
clamorous for greater protection against
collision. Schemes there are a plenty to
prevent future disasters. * This Is a sub
ject which the railroad companies will
have to consider in the near future, if only
for their own protection.
On all the ferry-boat lines traffic has
fallen off since Saturday night, because of
the fear of accident in the fog.
MAY HAVE GONE DOWN
WITH THE SAN RAFAEL
Disappearance of Alexander Hall, a
Wealthy Farmer, giving Near
Sacramento.
Alexander Hall, a well known and
wealthy farmer living near Sacramento,
has been missing since Saturday, and It
Is now thought he went down with the
steamer San Rafael. Hall left Sacra
mento at 1 o'clock Saturday to visit his
friend Patrick Cassldy at San Rafael, and
he was to take the boat' for that place at
6:15 o'clock. His disappearance lends
color to the belief that he fell a victim to
the disaster which shocked the entire
State.
Alexander Hall was well known In this
city. His cousin, Robert Cassidy, a track
man, lives at 114 Lily avenue. Patrick
Cassidy, a brother of Robert, lives at San
Rafael, .where he conducts a draying busi
ness. It was to see the latter that Hall
made the trip from Sacramento to this
city Saturday, arriving just in time to
make the 6:15 boat for Sausalito.
Robert Hall, a son of the supposed vic
tim of the bay disaster, arrived here on
the hunt for his missing father yester
day. He was Joined during- ■ the day by
Patrick Cassldy, and all of the emergency
hospitals were visited. No traces of the
missing man were discovered. The two
searchers went to San Rafael last night in
the hope of finding some clew as to his
whereabouts in that section, if indeed, he
Is still alive.
Robert Cassldy said last night:
I do not doubt that Hall went down with the
San Rafael. He was to take that boat on her
last trip, and the fact that he has not been
haard from since leavlnjr Sacramento con
vinces me that he was a passenger on the Ill
fated vessel. Had ho not been, he would cer
tainly have shown up and made - his where
abouts known to his family. He was always
very particular about acquainting his wife and
children of his movements while away from
home. He Intended to visit his wife, who Is
HI in a sanitarium at Hvermore. but he has
not been seen there since the bay accident.
This convinces us that he Is either dead or ly
ing somewhere in a condition which prevents
him from communicating with his wife or son.
Hall -was about BO years of age, over
six feet tall, and of slender build. He had
bright eyes, set deep in their sockets; his
face -was thin and complexion ruddy. He
wore a mustache and close-cropped hair,
tinged with gray. He was a man of
wealth, and well liked by all who knew
him. Every care is being taken to keep
the news of his disappearance a secret
from his sick. wife.
SAUSALITO RESUMES OLD
TIME PEACE AND QT7IET
Passengers Are All Accounted .For
and Excitement Over Wreck
, ; Dies Out.
SAUSALITO, Dec. 2.— The sinking of
the" ferry-boat San • Rafael still continues
to be' the' chief "topic of . conversation,
.but the strain of- uneasiness that
marked ■ the passing of yesterday, when
all Ihe passengers had not been accounted
for, has entirely subsided. > The ferryboat
J. M. Donahue, of the San Francisco a\id
North Pacific line, was secured . to take
the place of the ill-fated vessel and com
menced regular trips early this morning
Captain McKenzie has assumed charge
of the Donahue and he will continue ■ in
command until - the company can make
provision for a" new boat of Its own : The
captain was exhausted by. the excitement
of the last two days and the accompany
ing loss of sleep, so he turned the charee
of the boat over ; to First Mate . Johnson
at noon and went to his home to rest for
the remainder of the day.
F. D. Lindsay, who has charge of the
local telephone station, rendered remark-
able service with the aid of his assist
ant. Miss F. Wosser. during the rush for
conversation over the wires. An idea of
the amount of business transacted may
be realized when the records of the com
pany show that more than 500 out-of
town switches were made and nearly MXK)
local switches. The average of out-of
town switches is between twenty and
thirty in the same length of time.
SAN BAFAEL MAY HAVE
STJITKiN FORTY FATHOMS
Wreckers Give Their Opinions as to
the Location of the Ferry
„ < boat.
T£e wreckers were out looking for the
remains of. the San Rafael yesterday, but
none of them have any hopes of locating
her bones, let alone raising the vessel.
Diver Roach says she is somewhere near*
the City of Chester, while Captain White
law Is of thefppinion that she Is some
where in the Tlcinity of the place whera
the Rio sank. He said yesterday:
There was a strong: flood tide running at tha
time of the collision. The current would carry k
the steamer down toward Lime Point. Accord- €
Ing to the best Information she floated fcr *
twenty-flve minutes, and must, therefore, have
sunk on the edge of the fifteen-fathom bank.
If she escaped that and was carried further
to sea she is in forty fathoms of water and
not a thins win ever be recovered from her.
COSOXTEB. EDECT WILL ASK
CAPTAINS TO EfcPLAIlT
Czandall Inquest to Be Hade Basis of
Investigation Into San Rafael
"Wreck. .*'
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 2.— The Inquest
upon the body of W. "G. Crandall. who
met his death on the San Rafael In tha
bay disaster, will be made the occasion
for a searching investigation of the acci
dent by Coroner Eden of this county. To
day the Coroner summoned the following
jurors: ■." -■,"-
M. Cavanaugh, Owen Casey, L. A. Lan
cel, E. S. Baker, C. P. "Ware. Peter
Brune, P. Boss, B. W. Studley, W. E.
Robertson and B. Merritt.
After viewing the remains In tha
Morgue the proceedings were adjourned
until Monday. A large number of wit
nesses will be summoned. Including Cap
tains Tribble and McKenzle.
On level pavement a pull of 33 pounds
will draw a ton, on macadam it takes 45
pounds and on rough gravel 147 pounds.
APVERTIST'.TffTrrjTS. A^
MoppIs Chair $10.
Oak or Mahogany veneered— with
velour cushions, filled with silk
floss. We furnish homes, flats,
hotels and roomingr houses com-
plete. We have all the latest de-
signs in furniture, carpets, .cur-
tains and draperies and will glad*
ly give you an estimate. i
Credit if you wish it, and fre*
delivery within 150 miles of Saa
Francisco.
We close at S except on Satur- »
day.
T, BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO. .
S3S-342 Post Street
Opposite Union Square.
GIVE NEW SIGHT FCR XMAS.
~.oC AHAft* Mayerle's superior qual-
"^T«? .A u y Eyeglasses are the
only ones indorsed by the
. sJi&*?***i&' highest U. S. Array, Navy
1 t£ v^£%Y v and Government officials.
w r> V\*2z? 1 ,0 B >' express, jvith prlvl-
A l0 s S^^^P' legfe of trytns them.
*7yrWWV prices $0. »10 and $13.
, - sitn^ when ordering, ttate age,
occupation, also whether glasses are ■wanted for
reading or to see off. The genuine can be had
.only of GEORGE MATERLE. Graduate .Ger-
man Expert Optician. 1O71% Market »t.. aear
Seventh. San ; Francisco. .
whips, robes; biIankets-
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
' . NoveltleJH-'many of them Im-
ported—all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKER RROS. fOMPAMT
OF CALIFORNIA. '
Market and Tenth St*.