VISIT TO GREAT
MINE ARRANGED
Residents of Phoenix Will
Escort the Distinguished
Guests to Congress Shaft
PHOENIX/ Ariz., May 1.— Plans have
been virtually completed for the recep
tion to be given President McKlnley and
his party on May 7. ' Perhaps one of the
moat delicate subjects. in connection with
the . reception ' of the President was set
tled last; night, when the personnel of the
party which .will dine with the President
a.n<J his Cabinet was made up. Arizona,
In its several branches of government,
will ' b« represented by. the following
hosts: N. O. Murphy. Governor; Charles
H. Aher. Secretary "of Arizona; Webster
Street, Chief Justice; E. Ganz, -Mayor.
Tha City Council has appropriated
$1000 for the reception, the Board of
Supervisors a, like amount, and money has
been raised in other. ways. . A large part
of this fund has been appropriated for
•decorations and the streets will be a mass
of flags, bunting. arid flowers. The Board
of Trade is making a' special exhibition
for the. President ' and party. " A novel
feature; will be the presentation sto the
'President of -ilia likeness "photographed
on a slab of onyx from the Ileyman quar
ries.
As the plans for the day are, now ar
ranged, the Presidential K party .will ; see
a large -part of Maricopa County and a
part' of Tavapai 1 County, doubtless the
richest agricultural and mineral districts
in United States^ "When "the Presi
dent's: train arrives hero at 3:30 o'clock in
the :rnarnlng :lt will -be . transferred from
the Maricopa and Phoenix road to the S.
F. s : P. and' P. and nurried northward to
the Congress mine, together with a coach
containing the Territorial officials and the
reception committee. At the great gold
plant -breakfast .will be ; served and, such
of the party, as desire will be taken down
the shaft 3600 feet below the surface. After
communities of the country to bless them and
make happy.; firesides. ¦ ¦ .
Wh*t wo want in this country, now havtue
reached a point of development whew ve can
more than supply our nation's demands, is a
foreign market In distant lands. \ We want to
s«nd the product- of our farms, our factories
and our mines . into every market of tba
world; make the foreign peoples famil'.ar with
our products: and the way to do that ls^to
make them familiar -with our flag.
Continued . on Page Two,
Continued on Page Two. '
rT"\ HE matter of accommodations
I '- for visitors during th© reception
I . we«k ta San Francisco is being
| looked to In earnest. It is tha
: •¦- Intention of the accommodations
i' committee to establish a head
quarters and to register there all rooms
available. It was the first duty of the
committee to secure accommodations for
the Presidential party and the guests from
Ohio, but that has all been attended to
and there remains now the duty of caring
for the comfort of those who come to
town to see the President and to attend
the functions prepared In his honor.
George A. Xewhall. chairman of the
committee on accommodations, has only
just returned from the East, but he says
he will take up the work of his committee
at once and will secure ' all available
rooifis for guests who will come to the
city from the East or the interior.
Some idea of the travel westward may
be gained from a dispatch from Chicago
which says that between thirty and forty
thousand people, taking: advantage of the
last day of the reduced rate, left Chicago
for Pacific Coast destinations last Tues
day. And/the number that will como
from the 'East will be but a fraction of
those who will come from the "interior of
the State to stay from one day to through
.the reception week. The problem of caring
for all these, when the hotels are already
full, will b» one of the biggest In tho
whole scheme of entertainment.
Commencing on the day that McKlnley
arrives there will be open-house In most
of the clubs and In various headquarters.
The Union League will be entertaining the
President and the Governor of Ohio and
Cabinet offlceffc and Congressmen from
Ohio and it will keep the clubrooms In a
state of sociability for At least the week
of McKlnley's stay if not longer. The
Governor's staff will establish headquar
ters In the Palace Hotel and they, too,
will entertain lavishly their brother offi
cers of the Ohio Governor's staff .and
numerous friends.
" Staff Entertainment.
'The topic cf extending courtesies to tha
military representatives of the Buckeye
State .was discus'sed' yesterday at the office
of Colonel George 'H. Pippy. Governor
Gagt! and Adjutant General Seamans wero
present. It was decided to establish head
quarters In tlie Palace Hotel and these
receive the visiting colonels from the
East.
Lieutenant Colonel Frank A- Vail has
been reappointed lieutenant colonel and
A. D. C. on the staK of Governor Gage.
Tho Legislature at its last session pro
vided that the Naval Reserve of Califor
nia should be represented on the staff of
the Governor by an officer who should be
entitled to the rank of comander. Gover
nor Gage has accordingly appointed on his
staff Randolph " H. Miner, lieutenant.
United States "navy, retired. The newly
commissioned commander dwells in Los
Angeles, .but he will doubtless visit San
Francisco during the President's sojourn
in this city and will mo3t likely join his
fellow. members of the staff in the pleas
ant duty of escorting the President of the
United States from Stockton to Sacra
mento. \
Members of the Governor's staff re
ceived the unwelcome . news yesterday
that they would not be expected to array
themselves in . regulation attire and ac
company the Governor to Redlands. On
this trip the Governor proposes to take
the chances of getting through without
any military assistance whatever. It is
even hinted that the adjutant general,
who, ; next to Major General Dickinsen.
is the most conspicuous military figure in
California, will attend the Grand Army
encampment at Pacific Grove while the
Governor is in the south receiving tho
President. Colonels and lieutenant col
onels, seeing that a brigadier and chief of
staff Is not expected to accompany the
Governor, to Redlands, have but slender
hope of receiving an order to perform
escort duty in the southland.
: It is not yet settled that the colonels
and lieutenant colonels comprising Gov
ernor Gage's military family will" attend
banquets and other functions as a "staff."
The popular sentiment of tho country
against any form of military despotism
may constrain the commander-ln-chlef to
suggest that General Seamans and Col-'
onels Doblittle, Pippy. Kirkpatrick and
Vail shall dine as simple citizens of the
republic.
r l_ : _ Preparing for "Crooks."
In every town in the State, as well as In
San Francisco, preparations are being
made for the reception of the unwelcome
gentry as well as the distinguished guests,
but the reception of the unwelcome
will not be so acceptable to them. With
the thousands of people who will Journey
to California In the wake of the Presi
dent's train and just before there will
be a number who return to work fields of
wealth concealed In pockets. Bunko men,
short-card men, shell and pea men, three
card monte men, pickpockets of all de
grees and sneakthleves will make up a
part of the traveling crowds. They are
expected, however, and in every town the
police are already on the alert to meet
them and take care of them. Already pic-«
tures and descriptions of all the promi
nent "crooks" who show a disposition to
move westward have been sent to tha
leading police departments of California
and police officers everywhere are memor
izing faces and descriptions preparatory
to giving greeting to those whom they fit.
Here In San Francisco the incoming
trains are already under inspection by old
timo policemen and detectives and bj
Warm Greetings on Run From Memphis, and Crowds
Gathered at Vicksburg, Jackson - and All the
Other Towns Passed Along the Line of Travel
TIRED AND DUSTY, BUT RIGHT ON TIME
McKINLEY AKRIVES AT NEW ORLEANS
Welcomed at Station by Booming of Cannon, and
Met by Governor Heard, the President Is Driven
Past Lines of Troops to His Apartments in Hotel
I^rty did not reach the train after, the
big demonstration at the Memphis ban
quet last "night until after 1 o'clock he
was up early this morning. Several times
he appeared on the rear platform and ac
knowledged the cheers of the crowds at
the "small stations with a wave of his
hand. V.Ov
•Vicksburg, with Its swarming memories
of the Civil War, was. reached at 8:30
o'clock. In reply to the welcome extended
by the Mayor and citizens the President
spoke as follows: ' ".- "r
It gives me very great pleasure to receive the
official greeting of the Mayor and the'warm
hearted touch of the people as they give us
greeting to this historic' city. The highest ex
pression of . satisfaction at this roost cordial
reception is in the single word that you make
mo feel at home. Nowhere in my native State
of Ohio could I receive warmer or more sin
cere welcome than I have received at the hands
of and from the hearts of the people of Mis
sissippi, and in ¦ the moment that I have to en-
Joy with you I can ' only make my acknowl
edgments and congratulate you on . that you
share in the universal /prosperity and content
ment »o characteristic at this time of every
part of our common country. '¦*¦' ".''*'-
We know that whatever others may say or
think this to us and for us is the best country
in' the. world. It is the land we love and It Is
the. land of possibilities and . of opportunities
to every child . that, dwells beneath the folds
of our flag. I have been glad not only to be
greeted by the veterans of the . Grand Army
of the Republic, but' by the Confederate vet
erans, by the people at large; but no welcome
could be so : sweet to me as that- of the fresh
young school children from the city of Vieks
burg. ¦
To one and all I return my sincere and heart
felt thanks and leave -.with .you ,the .wish for
your happiness and your prosperity. .."
His First Visit.
This was the first time a President had
visited Vicksburg since the days of Zach
ary Taylor. ' The ' Presidential • partyV was
received " with the greatest enthusiasm.'
The party disembarked just outside of the
city- at the . National Cemetery, which . Is
located on ¦ the ' si te • of ' the , place - where
Pemberton; surrendered 'to Grant at "the
eloquently, "can never be omitted from
the pages of history. The romance of an
tiquity, the quaintness of ancient days, In
spire us with veneration. The tireless en
ergy of her people. makes her one of the
most progressive of the modern marts of
commerce." x
The President was cheered loudly as he
took his seat. An enterprising photogra
pher then entered with his camera and
took a flashlight picture of the banquet
hall and guests, while the President stood
up with the Governor and the Mayor on
either side of him.
Toward . midnight the guests began to
disperse, but It was 12:30 o'clock before
the banquet was at an end. The Presi
dent then retired to his room a thor
oughly tired man, ,bu the must be up
bright and 'early to-morrow morning to
attend the ceremonies at the Cablldo,
where the transfer "of Louisiana was ef
fected.
President McKlnley already begins to
look tired and haggard. He has yet more
than five weeks ahead of him, and Mrs.
McKinley Is fearful that the strain upon
him will prove too much for one In his
physical condition. Mrs. McKlnley Is
herself in a very delicate state of health
and the President Is quite as much' con
cerned for her health as for his
own. Dr. Rlxey, the family physician, de
clares that the President is In as sound
a physical condition as he has been'in
several years, but this is not saying a
great deal, for' his health has not been
good since the outbreak of the Spanish-
American war.
• » . * p v
TRIUMPHAL TOUR
IN MISSISSIPPI
President Speaks at Jack
son and Vieksburg and
to Millmen at Wesson
VICKSBURG, Miss., , May' L— Through'i
the valley of the Yazoo th© Presldentlafl
special eped southward to - New : Orleaiil/
to-day. Althouch the President and hli
I have received in the course of my Journey
from tho capital of this nation ' many, hearty
and generous welcomes, . but none that were
more "interesting or. more memorable than 'the
welcome extenfled. by the 'Governor of your
State, and I .thank "you, from the bottom of
ray hiart. I thank 'your. Governor for his an
nouncement that I -am President of .; air. the
country, alU the States and all v the : Territories
of this great country— President by the" popu
lar vote of every section of the Union, By.vir
tue of the ¦ f orrris and nile* • laid down . by the
constitution of the .United - States. : I am con
.viHced that in our national sense of duty, and
*of national, honor in ¦ every part ' of . the world,
we stand -as^ one people. , This 'country, of ours
has been growing: in the past , few : years-^grow
lng whether we wanted it to grow or not. .The
war .with Spain started ¦ us to ' growing and
we cannot help It if we would. Our growth" has
made ; new ; problems, but the ' American .'people
have • faced • them ' and ,' will -' continue to* face
them. . We will -have -our differences; men "al
ways would, but v we have : niore , agreements
than / N \Ve' may differ as to politics*
agree" as to principles,' but we keep in the home
circle and settle; our differences amongVbur-'
selves, and, livhich*. is*< the grandest tribute In
the world i to ". the '"American •'. people,"-, we have
settled 5. matters . of •¦ foreign policy .? In ; the -Vast
JACKSON. Miss., May 1.— In response to
Governor Longlno's Introduction 'to, the
people -of the whole country Mr. McKln
ley said: . ' ¦ -¦¦.'¦ ...
Speech at Jackson.
riage was stopped, to give him. an oppor
tunity to address several hundred chil
dren. :';¦'. ,'.';"..: : . ; 'i'!J8!$v&
end of the memorable forty flays' riege.
Sixteen. thousand Union dead are buried
here.- The party drove through the, ceme
tery and from the' Graht-Pembeiton mon
ument they obtained :a fine view of the
Mississippi. ; Here" was pointed 'out to the
President j the projected^: Yazoo ; canal,, by
which the. people of Vicksburg exoect to
divert the flow of the Yazoo Into the Mis
sissippi at this point and. restore' the har
bor lost in 1878, when the -' river changed
its course. . . t , -.
..From here . the - party moved. Into the
crowded," 'flag-festooned* city. ' President
and Mrs. \ McKlnley were In . an open . car
riage, which was - swathed even', to the
wheels with the national colors. '.The pro
cession passed under a picturesque arch
of cotton bales'; surmounted by. Spanish
daggers, on which was tlie word "Expan
sion." ' \ ',' \' ¦¦ , . , .' ¦
- At ' the j Courthouse Sauare, which was
also elaborately! decorated, the President
was introduc'-ia by Mayor Trowbridge and
addressed fully 10,000 people. His remarks
created much «nthusiasm. Oh the way
back to' the station the President's car-
I have been glad to-note that every, section
of L the -South shares in*_the generar. welfare,'
and In that : universal prosperity .' with ' whlck
the • country is ¦ so • signally . blessed. : We ha vs
a.' larger ? prosperity, than: ever' before, with
higher ', national ".. and -individual - credit. .The
lender; is. now; looking for the borrower. . Rates
of * Interest', are lower, money, .' Is' * easier .'and
more: plentiful, '¦> and is going into our great
productive'enterprises and ' thereby furnishing
employment to' labor. Labor earna wagfa, and
these' '; wages go ' into the homes and Into the
¦ •, My' Fellow t Citizens; I thank you for .this
very, warm welcome. ,' I think yojir greetings
warmer as. we ¦' move . southward, . bufyin • all
our "journey we' have been welcomed by warm
hearts to . Southern .. hospitality, and ,we '. will
carry . with .us through" our • long, tour ; no hap
pier} memory T than that of our visit -In the
Southern 'States.
At McCotnb, Miss.; the; train; stooped a
minute and the President spok-u again. He
said::^ • '*, ..
Secretaries" Hay and Wilson and Post-'
master. General Smith also, spoke here. ":./;
. This iv as not on the programme, bpt it, was
desired that I might see not only this great
plant, but ' the happy and contented people It
employs. This 'is a most ; Interesting and srat T
ifylng incident of my trip, to see the working
people from this great mill come out at a time
when they are so busy, ¦ to Join with other*
In giving me greeting as: I Journey through
your State. The happiest people In the world:
are' those who . are best employed. Work,
means wages; s wages means contentment an<|
bring to the lvome opportunities of " Adueatfon
for tho children; and it is the best of our civ
ilization that every/^boy and girl t In the land 1
oan aspire I to the highest positions of trust
and honor." " ,
9Sl-}. , The Wesson Mill. 7.; ;
WESSON, Miss,' ¦ May ' 1.— A . stoo of a
minute was made . here • to oermit the
President to see the workmen of. the Wes
son mill, '.one of the largest cotton mills
in tho South. About 150 employes' greeted
the President and he made a few remarks.
He said: . - ¦ ¦ ¦•
to our satisfaction and will treat new caes
In' fear of God. ¦ ¦;
'! Turning, to his car door the President
called on Hon." John Hay. Mr. Hay spoke
and .then Introduced Postmaster General
Smith," and 'Mr.. Smith in turn introduced
Mr.. Hitchcock. Mr. Hitchcock. introduced
Secretary "Wilson, who said:' "We heard
before we lfe'ft" Washington that there was
no North and no South, but we -have dis
covered-that there -Is a-South and that it
has a great big heart In It." , ; ,, ;
Mr. McKInleystood^ on the platform and
shook hands with hundreds who "crowded
around'as'the i' train 'started but.'-Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was not-feeling well, the -President
explained, and could not respond to calls.
' THE YOUNG LADY WHO WILL RECITE A POEM AT THE LAUNCHING, THE LEADER OF THE LADIES OF THE
• OHIO SOCIETY AND THE' GENTLEMAN "WHO WILL ENTERTAIN GOVERNOR NASH AT LUNCHEON IN '
¦ BERKELEY ON COMMENCEMENT DAT.'- ¦/ : ; <: . !; • . " r. V k •¦ . .
f ¦ '-. •' ¦¦'• ¦¦¦¦¦:¦';.¦:.'.... .-. /,<.-;.-¦: •¦'•¦". ' . "'. . '" ,
Speciil Correspondent of Tha Call.
N< • EW ORLEANS, May l.-It was
a very tired and duety party
that alighted from Hie Presi
dential train this afternoon.
_ ' The President appeared almost
exhausted and Mrs. McKiuley
was also greatly fatigued.
The train arrived on schedule time. Kx
actly at 4:27 a faint whistle was heard
and the Louisiana Field Artillery began
the national salute of twentv-one guns.
The long train swept gracefully around a
curve as the cannonading ceased and then
the crowd set up Its cheering. It was not
a large crowd nor a very noisy one. In
deed, the reception In this quaint old city
was unlike ary other along the route. It
would be too much to say that the peo
ple were indifferent or apathetic: certain
ly they wero not so Intentionally, for on
every hand were heard the most kindly
expressions of regard. Perhaps the ap
parent apathy may be ascribed to the op
pressively warm weather. However that
rcay be, the crowd at the station to greet
the Presidential ¦ party was a very small
and a Quiet one.
It had been arra.nced that the ladies of
the party should be driven In separate
carriages to- the St. Charles Hotel through
a s!de street and the President himself
escorted Mrs. McKlnley to her carriage.
The graceful a.ct elicited a hearty, out
burst of applause from the Louisianans,
for it appealed to their chivalry and gal
lantry. ; ' .'•*:'•.'"",'.¦
The President was then escorted to his
own carriage by Governor Heard, Mayor
Capedeylelle and Congressmen Davey,
Meyers and Robertson.
Some . obstreperous negroes were with
difficulty suppressed ¦ and the President
had an anxious look on his face' a3 police
men with difficulty cleared a passage for
his carriage. TIjen the procession pro
ceeded down a v^ry narrow street lined
with but few people, blacks seeming to
predominate. There .was littlo cheering
heard along the Jice of inarch. The dec
orations were lew and not at all elabor
ate.
Greeting at Hotel.
But the good people of New Orleans had
?been preparing for the event for weeks
and though the reception from a spectac
ular point of view ¦was not a great suc
cess, being described as almost funereal
by some members cf the party, the New
Orleans people regarded It as one of the
proudest events in the history of the
Crescent City. There was only one epi
sode out of the ordinary. One of the front
wheels of the carriage In which Secre
tary Hay was riding slipped from the
axle and the occupants were almost
thrown from their seats. Secretary Hay
v*is given' a seat in the carriage immedi
ately following and the procession, after
moving along Canal and St. Charles
streets, finally arrived at the St. Charles
Hotel, where the party is temporarily
domiciled.
Here occurred the only real show of an
imation observed in the entire reception.
The lobby was thronged with- people and
as the President stepped from his carriage
and went through the rotunda to the hotel
elevator a mighty shout went up and it
was only with the greatest difficulty that
he and his escort could make their way
through the surging mass of men and
women. One of h!s escorts was ex-Con
gressman Boatner. who went with the
President to his room. Congressman
Bcatner was the friend and admirer of
Mr. McKinley when the two served on the
same committee in the Fifty-fifth Con
gress. When they reached the President's
room he whispered confidentially:
"Mac, ain't they almost killed you?"
"No. Bcatner." replied the President,
"you can't kill a man with kindness."
In the evening the President was the
guest of honor at a grand banquet. Cov
ers were laid for COO people and fully that
number were seated in the large dining
hall of the St. Charles Hotel at 9 o'clock.
The rooms were brilliantly illuminated
with myriads of miniature electric bulbs,
forming stars, flags and crescents. The
guests were seated at long tables deco
rated with huge bowls of pink roses. The
President, Cabinet, Secretaries and a few
other distinguished guests were seated on
an elevated platform. On the President's
right was the Governor of Louisiana,
Hen. "W. "W. Heard, and on his left the
Mayor of New Orleans. Xear the Presi
dent were seated both of Louisiana's
Senators, McEnery and Foster. Admiral
Melville, Henry T. Scott of San Francisco
and Secretary Cortelyou. Over the Presi
dent's head were twined the President's
flag and the flag of the Governor of Louis
iana. The covers of the menu cards were
handsomely embossed with these flags in
colors, and a finely engraved portrait of
the President adorned one of the inner
leaves of the menu cards.
The first speaker. Governor Heard,
praised the State of Louisiana for half an
hour. Then the Mayor presented Presi
dent McKihley, while the band played
"The Star-Spangled Banner." The Presi
dent spoke in a very high-pitched voice
and with great effort, yet his words were
¦well chosen and were repeatedly and
heartily cheered. He alluded to the im-
Sienpe territory of the original State of
Louisiana, out of which six entire States
and parts of six others had been carved.
"Jefferson," said he, "appreciated the
strategic and commercial importance of
the town of Xew~Orleans, and Jackson
successfully defended the flag: that Jeffer
son raised." (Great and prolonged ap
plause.)
The band struck up . "Dixie" and the
Louisianans all stood up.
"New Orlesjis," concluded the President
By C. C. CARLTON.
SAN FRANCISCO, TOffTJ RSDAY, MAY 2, 1901 .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 153.
The San Francisco CallMONUMENT THAT "WILL TO-DAY BE DEDICATED AT CHAMPOEG IN HONOR 1 OP ¦THE STURDY PIONEERS
WHO FOUNDED THE COMMONWEALTH OF OREGON FIFTY-EIGHT YEARS AGO. . THE MONUMENT IS
A SPLENDID SHAFT OF MARBLE.
If You' Have Bheumatism
Rend no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Raclne.Wls ,
box 137.for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's; Rheumatic
Cure, exj.. paid.' If cured payJ5.50." If not.lt it free*
, 5 DES MOINES, Iowa. May 1.— The spe
cial > train bearing United States Minister
E.H. ; Conger arrived in Des Moines at 10
o'clock to-ni?ht. '.'An enormous crowd wt.s
at the station to meet the distinguished
Iowan.' Conger and party were' qulcKly
transferred from the train' to a carriase
amid- the cheers of the multitude and es
corted: by a drum corps of. veterans went
to the Conger home,, Just outside; of .the
business district..
Minister Conger at Home.
LOS ANGELES, April 30.— There is now
no doubt that. President McKinley will be
received in the city, of Lbs Angeles as the
chief, executive of, the, nation should' be.
Neither -Is there any, doubt that Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the numerous • ladies of ¦ tho
President's entourage : will .; be received ¦ as
becomes ¦ the wife of the President and
the ladies of his Cabinet. Although they
have not had so muchtosay about" it as
have the sterner ; sides of ¦ their families
the ladies* of Los Angeles have been an
hard at work as any men and they have
arranged' such a- reception • as, will- not
soon be forgotten. V. ;. * ¦¦¦ ¦- . . •
The proposed reception at the Woman's
Club on Flgueroa. street; on -Wednesday
afternoon .will rival in breadth^of detail
Sisters at the Train land
Will Provide for 'Them
Will Meet Their Visiting
Excursions are to be conducted to Phoe
nix from all parts of the Territory, and
arrangements are being made here to care
for 25,000 visitors.
PLANS OF LADIES.
OF LOS ANGELES
.After reviewing the parade there will- be
a drive to the new Capitol building, where
Governor Murphy will welcome the visit
ors. Then, in carriages, the visitors will be
escorted to various points of interest in
the valley. They will visit the Phoenix
Indian Industrial School, the largest in
stitution of the kind in tnls country with
the single exception of the Carlisle school.
There a dress parade of Indian students
and cadets will be given, and a concert by
the Indian band. From the' school there
will be a drive to the Arizona Insane Asy
lum, and then the President will be shown
the great groves in the orange district,
the orchards in the deciduous belt and the
drive will go through a dozen miles where
as far as the eye can reach there are
waving fields of alfalfa, barley, wheat and
oats. A novel and an interesting and in
structive feature will be a short view of
the land -where, the desert and the culti
vated lands lie, showing the party the
value of irrigation.. '
two hours there the party will return to
Phoenix, reaching here about 10 o'clock
After luncheon at the Hotel Adams, there
will be a parade, the President's party to
be escorted by a troop of former Rough
Riders, commanded by Captain J. B
.Alexander. ¦, •¦ ". - "'.. •"
tation has been very heavy in the moun
tains, and reports from the foothill towns
show considerable damage as a result of
the downpour.
SAN DIEGO, May 1.— Reports from the
country to-night show that the storm has
been general and heavy throughout a
large part of San Diego County. There
was 'from one to two inches at some
places, and th»g generous precipitation
means a greatly Increased supply of
water in the reservoirs, besides much im
mediate benefit to farmers. In this clty
the rainfall for the twenty-four hours,
ending at 5 p. m., was .52 of an inch, mak
ing 10.18 inches for the season. Indica
tions to-night are for more rain.
SANTA ANA, May 1.— This valley to
day experienced one of the most severe
hailstorms in years, lasting for twenty
minutes and covering the ground with
pellets as large as peas. With the hail
there was a heavy downpour of rain
more than half an inch falling: in less
than twenty minutes. The rainfall since
Tuesday morning is one Inch and a quar
ter anfl for the season eleven inches. The
heavy rain and hail to-day have done
some damage to. the early sown grain,
but all the summer crops are greatly ben
fited by the thorough soaking the ground
has received. The precipitation for the
past two days will make the beet-sugar
crop the best in the history of the valley
SAN BERNARDINO, May 1.— Rairi
commenced falling here early, last night
and has continued at intervals ever since
The precipitation for the storm is 1.15
inches. The downpour is general through
out San Bernardino - County. "While it
rained in the valley a heavy snow fell in
the mountains. At Gold Mountain ranch
five inches of snow has already fallen
The rain comes laje for the grain crop
but will be of great benefit to deciduous
fruits. .
LOS OLIVOS, May 1.— Santa Ynez Val
ley has been treated to a small deluge
beginning Monday forenoon. Three inches
has fallen. The damage to early grain and
hay is inconsiderable, as compared with
the benefit to later grain, beets and beans.
The estimate of the United,. Carriage
Company for forty carriages to meet the
Presidential party at Third and Townsend
streets on its arrival at $6 per carriage,
thirty-five carriages the same evening at
$8 per carriage and for ten carriages daily
Charles R. Allen, acting chairman of
the decorations committee, reported that
contracts had been let for 100 flags for the
decoration of the ferry building, illu
minating: the f«"rry tower, illuminating
streets and for flags and garlands for
decorating the streets.
F. W. Dohrmann, chairman of the fin
ance committee, reported that the collec
tions to date were. In cash, $21,071 25; in
eight: insurance companies, $1800; Market
Street Railway Company, $1000; Union
Iron Works, $500; mint (about), J500; Cus
tom-house (about), $500; California Street
Railway Company, $100; Pacific -Mall
Steamship Company, $100; Risddn Iron
Works, $100; total $25,671 25.
known objectionable characters leave
the boats or the cars they will be taken
in charge and brought to the City Prison,
where they will rest in peace and security
until after the President's visit.
The same precautions are being taken In
Los Angeles and in fact in all the other
large towns and by the time the Presi
dent arrives here it will be comparatively
safe for a man to carry a little money in
his pocket. c .
In addition police are being instructed In
the handling- of crowds.. In this city the
men have had more or less experience,
but in interior towns volunteer forces are
being schooled in their new duties,* for it
Is expected that the crowds that will fill
every nook and corner of the State during
the visit of the President will be .some
thing unequaled.
. There was a meeting of the executive
committee yesterday morning, the pub
lished report of which shows but ¦ little
progress over the report of last . Saturday.
Executive Committee. '
Continued from Page One.
most prominent placs is a magnificent
hand-painted picture of the President
decorated with the national colors.
Photographs of Vice. President Roosevelt
and Governor Henry. T. Gage have also
been given prominent positions. On- one
side of one of the rooms . has been sus
pended a beautiful tfilk banner bearing
the' motto, "One Country and One Fla>g,".
while directly opposite is another banner
with the inscription, "Prosperity at. Home
and Prestige Abroad." .The entire frame
of the large mirror has been hidden be
neath rows of small silk American flags
and the chandeliers have been orna
mented with .California poppies an<| pam
pas grass.
During the President's stay in the city
the headquarters will always be open for
the entertainment of any of his party or
the distinguished visitors from any of the
States. The use of the rooms will be ten
dered to the Ohio Society and the Sons and
Daughters of the Revolution during the
time which has been allotted to them for
entertaining the President.
WARM WELCOME TO MINLEY
ON ARRIVAL IN NEW ORLEANS
. In anticipation of the coming of Presi
dent McKinley,- the .headquarters of the
Republican State . Committee in the • Pal
ace Hotel have been decorated and
adorned as never before in their history.
There is no lavish profusion, of decora
tions nor display of expense/ but every
thing: has been done with-, a view to pro
duce the most pleasing and artistic ef
fect. The Stars, and Stripes, and. the
Union Jack have been draped in graceful
folds around the walls. Occupying the
"Mrs. McKinley has much pleasure in
accepting the courteous invitation of the
ladies of the Ohio Society of California to
be present at their banquet to be given
Thursday evening. May 16, at the Cali
fornia Hotel, San Francisco.
"Friday, April 26, 1901."
Republican Headquarters.
In a former report ' from the -finance
committee a subscription of $100 was cred
ited to Charles H. Felton. . The subscrip
tion was sent in by Charles N. Felton.
Reports have been current that Mrs.
McKinley would not be able to accept the
Invitation of the Ladies of the Ohio So
ciety to be present at a banquet' which
was to be given in her honor during the
stay of th» Presidential party in this
city. It was with much pleasure there
fore that ! Mrs. Mozart, president of the
society,, received an acceptance to the in
vitation yesterday. The letter is writ
ten on plain white paper, bearing In silver
letters at' the top, "Executive Mansion,
Washington,"
The letter is In Mrs. McKinley's. own
handwriting: and Is worded as follows:
National Tube' Company, $100; Crown Distil
leries, $100: Jesse Moore-Hunt Co., 1100: Fos
ter & Fay. $100; Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company. $100; Calif ornla • Wine Associa
tion. $100; Louis -Tausig Co., $100; Toyo Kisen
Kaisha. $50; Standard Oil Company. $50; A.
P. Hotaling, $25; Blelenbers &-WenIger, $25;
Scott &¦ Van Arsdale, $25; McLauRhlin &.Co.,
$25; Pine Box Manufacturing Company, $25;
Standard Klectric Company of California, $25;
Made Sheldon, $23; Julius Jacobs, $25; Great
American Tea Importing Company, $25; Martin
& Co., $25; Metzger & Franklin, $25; CM.
Plum & Co.. $25; Thomas H. B. Varney, $25;
The Studebaker Company, $25. Total. $1150.
The executive council of finance reports
the receipt of the following subscriptions
up to noon yesterday:- -
The Day's Receipts.
General Warfield announced that the
line of march on the day of the arrival
would be up Tliird to Market street, out
Market to Van Ness avenue, Van Ness to
Pine and then countermarching, the Pres
ident reviewing the troops between Bush
and Sutter streets on some stand to be
erected by the committee. In the evening
a troop of cavalry and the ..signal corps
would escort the President and citizen's
reception committee from the house of
Henry T. Scott down Van Ness avenue to
Market street and down Market to the
ferry. The music for the evening of the
reception would be furnished by two
bands of twenty pieces each.
J. P. Currier, president of the Manufac
turers* and Producers' Association, was
made a member of the executive commit
tee, representing the various mercantile
organizations of the city, who proposed
to entertain the visiting Congressmen, and
J200*> was appropriated to the committee
which Mr. Currier is to appoint from the
mercantile organizations, to be used for
the entertainment of the Congressmen in
any manner that the committee deems
best and not conflicting with the various
entertainments already prepared by the
Ohio Society. . : '
The carriage Item rather staggered the
committee, for the carriage companies
will charge full fare for every one of the
carriages used, and when they are. used
by" the day there will be no reduction. It
was expected that there •would be reason
able rates allowed, for while the Presi
dent is here carriages will be in great de
mand, but the companies 'did not see it
that' way, and as carriages have to- be had
there was.nothing for the" committee to do
but "to agree to the rates.
for use of President, Cabinet and execu
tive committee at $15 per carriage per day,
was ordered accepted, subject to su.ch
changes as might be necessary in regard
to the number of carriages needed.-
Continued from Page One.
SEEKING ACCOMMODATION FOR
VISITORS FROM THE INTERIOR
MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 1.— The President di
rects: me -to convey his congratulations to th?
citizens of Buffalo upon the auspicious opening
of - the Pan-American exposition, so rich in
blossom and ripe In expectations. .May the
hopes and ambitions, of its promoters be real
ized to the ! fullest measure. . By direction of
tho President. ¦ . .
QEORGEB; CORTEL.TOU,
Secretary to, the. President.
In the government building many of
the exhibits were practically complete.
In the Midway Bosto'ck's animals, the
Indian oongress, the Hawaiian village
and other features were ready for busi
ness and attracted many of the visitors.
¦At 2 o'clock a salute of forty-five aerial
bombs was fired and simultaneously hun
dreds: of flags were, raised on- the build
ings .and grounds.; - If the weather per
mits 3000 homing pigeons,. entered by fan
ciers of various dries,, will be released
during the afternoon. , ¦ ;
No 1 , ceremonies marked the opening. It
having been decided by the management
to combine the opening day . ceremonies
with those of dedication day— May 20. The
change ' of the date, however, did not
cause a moment's relaxation of the stren
uous efforts to havs everything as nearly
rea.dy as possible for to-day's opening.
'William Hanlon was permitted by agree
ment to purchase the first. ticket, having
offered some time ago -to, p ay : $5000 for the
privilege. - The ticket was sent to him.yes
terday. ¦ Atnpon the paid admissions only
aggregated about 11000. the majority of
the visitors being employes or others en
tering on passes. At noon the Government
building • was thrown, open . and General
Brigham, chairman of -the - government
board, made an- address. .The following
message conveying the congratulations of
president McKinley was read:
BUFFALO, N. X., May 1.— The gates of
the Pan-American Exposition were
opened this morning and; notwithstanding
it had rained all night and the conditions
were threatening the various routes to the
grounds were well patronised by those
who desired, to be present at the opening.
Crowds Gather at the
i Great Pan-American
Thunder and lightning accompanied the
storm this morning, and, just before noon,
hail fell for several minutes. The precipl-
BUFFALO OPENS
THE EXPOSITION
LOS ANGELES, May 1.— The long-de
ferred r.ain came down in generous quan
tities to-day, more than half an inch fall
ing in. less than three hours. this morning.
The 'storm, which has now spent Itself,
yielded 1.37 inches, making 15.54 inches for
the season. Reports of a similarly boun
tiful drenching come from all the princi
pal points of Riverside and San Bernar
dino counties. ' . •
MISS GERMESHAUSEN, WOOD
LAND'S REPRESENTATIVE
AT QUEEN EDITH'S COURT.
Special Despatch to The Call.
All Counties Bslow the 'Tehachapi Mountains Share in
• the Generous Precipitation of Moisture.
Auburn's Maid of Honor.
AUBURN, May 1.— The contest for
maid of honor to represent Auburn at
the Sacramento Street Fair ended last ,
night, with the result that Miss Mayme
Christy. was elected by a small majority
over Miss Rita Gladden. Mies Christy
received 2025 votes, Miss Gladden 19G2, and
Miss Lorena Smith 1264. Miss Christy is
a native of Auburn, the daughter of a
pioneer miner and a niece of the late Ed
ward Christy, ex-Supervisor of Sacramen
to County.
STORM OF RAIN, HAIL AND SNOW
VISITS SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
WOODLAND. May 1.— The con
test for maid of honor to the
queen of the Sacramento car
nival closed at noon to-day,
, ; bui^it was late in the after
noon, before tee vote was canvassed. The
honors fell to Miss Minnie Germeshausen,
theftgarghter. of Mr.' arid Mrs. Joseph
Germeshausen. When "the count was made
on, Monday evening- Miss Germeshausen
had only 1200 votes to her credit "and was
in second place. The battle of ballots be*
gan this morning and was waged, vigor
ously until the polls closed. Miss Garmes
hausen received -10,731 votes and her near
est competitor 599?.' -• -. .
Mi3s Germesnausen is a handsome and
popular young lady and a highly accom
plished musician. She will wear the honor
gracefully and with credit to her admir
ing constituents-
SUISUN, May 1.— The trial of John A.
Woodman on the charge of having mur
dered his wife near Davisville, came to
a. close this afternoon. After argument
by counsel the case v*as submitted to the
jury. A verdict of acquittal was rendered
on the first ballot, within fifteen minutes
after the jury retired.
Woodman killed his wife while shooting
at the man who had broken up his home
The latter, when the husband opened fire
seized the woman and held her before
him as a shield, hooing -thereby to pre
vent Woodman firing.
Jury Declares John A. Woodman of
Davisville Not Guilty of
Murder.
TWELVE MEN QUICKLY
ACQUIT WIFE-SLAYEB
The proposed ditch will be near that of
the La Grange Company, at present the»
largest hydraulic mining property operat
ed in the world. The La Grange ditch i3
twenty-nine miles in length and is run
through nine miles of tunnel and fourteen
miles of flume. Senator Davis says hi3
company will begin work soon upon th«
ditch for the Sweepstakes property. If
the project is carried out it will be tho
largest movement in the Trinity County
mining field In years.
PvEDDING, May 1.— Senator John F.
Davis of Amador County, president of the
Sweepstakes Gravel Mining Company, is
authority for the statement that tho
Sweepstakes property of 1000 acres of
auriferous gravel, five miles from Wea
verville. In Trinity County, is soon to bo
supplied with water from Grizzly and
Canyon creeks through a ditch forty
miles In length and built to carry 4000
inches of water. Surveys for .the ditch
are complete. Several experts have de
clared the Sweepstakea gravel mine to ba
the richest in the world, but it lies on ele
vated land and It has heretofore been
considered impossible to get water to it.
Ditch Forty Miles Long to Supply
Water for the Sweepstakes
Mine.
GREAT MIHTNG PROJECT
IN TRINITY COUNTY
PACIFIC GBOVE, May 1.— The temper
ance workers of three counties assemolea
in annual convection in this city accom-.
plished much important business to-day.
The morning session opened at an early
hour with a 30-minute devotional service/
conducted by Mrs. F. A. Willetts cf Wat
sonvllle, «t the close of which regular
business was taken up. Reports wera
presented by the president, corresponding
secretary, treasurer, auditor and the ex
ecutive committee of the department of
the three counties. All showed encourag
ing progress alons most lines of temper
ance work in Monterey, San Benlto and
Santa Cruz. The president's report espe
cially showed satisfactory results In tho
past and good prospects for future sue-
Much applause was evoked this after
noon by the announcement that the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
San Francisco had been successful in its
effort to Induce the Ohio Society not to
use wine at its banauet in honor of tho
launching of the battleship Ohio.
The chief event of the evening session
was an address upon "Stumbling 1 Blocks
in the Way of National Progress," by
Mrs. B. Sturtevant-Peet, president of the
California Woman's Christian Temperance-
Union. The speaker touched upon woman
suffrage, arbitration, the social and politi
cal evils and other questions agitating
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
workers at present, and, in the course of
her address, took occasion to commend
Carrie Nation's course and affirm that
since Kansas is a prohibition State she
had the law on her side in her attempt to
destroy the saloons.
TEMPERANCE WOMEN
REPORT "ON PROGRESS
Mrs. B, Sturtevant-Peet Commends
the Coursa of Carrie .;•
Jffation. '' * : ' \-
been called -for 8 o'clock to-morrow even
ing in Library" .Hall for the /purpose of
taking steps to properly receive the>Presl
dential party upon its arrival in San Ma
teo on May 14., . ",- ¦¦¦¦ , ' .
In view of the fact that San Mateo is to,
receive a distinction which is not to be en-
Joyed by many larger cities along the:
route to be followed by the distinguished
party, it has been suggested that an effort
be - ; made ': to secure the presence on ¦• the
plaza, in proper order, of the public school
children, the cadets and band of St: Mat
thew's- School rand possibly the 'cadets of
Holtt's'Oak Grove School and Reid's Bel
mont School. ' It ' Is earnestly hoped that
a large attendance of members of the im
provement club and others wiH be present
that something may come of this attempt'
to 'show our' appreciation of the visit of
the nation's foremost citizen.
Plans to Receive Visitors
"With an 'Assemblage
j ¦of • the "Setiool
. SAN MATEO, May 1,— A special meeting
of the San Mateo Improvement Club has
SAN MATEO WILL' .
.: ' GREET PRESIDENT
and depth of sincerity the big event plan
ned by the men folks. A reception com
mittee of 200 of the best-known society
women of the city will be on hand at the
Arcade depot when the train rolls in to
take their charges in hand. The ladies
will have a sufficient number of carriages
to carry all of the women of the visiting
party to the clubhouse In time to avoid
the handshaking ordeal that the, Presi
dent and his Cabinet must stand up be
fore at the Van Nuys Hotel. . The ex
ecutive commmittee is headed by four
club presidents, Mrs. Shelly Tolhurst ; of
the Friday Morning Club, Mrs. W. . T.
Lewis of the Ebell, Mrs. William E. Dunn
of the Ruskin Art Club and Mrs. Frank
Prior of the Wednesday Morning Club.
Not only will the committee see to the
¦ proper entertainment of the party, - but
just prior to - the leavetaking they will
go down to the, depot and transform the
cars of the big special train into bowers
of . f alrest | Southern California blossoms.
All -of the , fruits of the citrus belt will
be put aboard where they will.be most
easily found to refresh the party during
its trip to Santa Barbara,
P. H. McGrath, assistant secretary of
the Board of Examiners, notified Stale
Controller Colgan under date of March 29
that the board had that day appointed the
three above named as clerks, but the ap
pointments did not becom,e generally
known until to-day.
Attorney General Ford was not only ig- I
nored In the distribution of the slums of
patronage but he was not vouchsafed in
formation of any meeting of the board or
its appointments. When told last nifcht
that the clerks were in office and drawing
their salaries he" insisted that The Call
must be mistaken in its information.
"You are certainly misinformed," . the
Attorney General said, "for 1 know posi
tively that the appointments have not yet
been made. In fact 1 have a letter from
the' secretary of the board in response to
one I. wrote him and in which he informs
me that I will be duly notified when these
appointments are to be considered by the
board so that I can te personally present
at such meeting." My letter from the sec
retary is dated April 4, so you see the
appointments could not have been mada
prior to that. time. You have certainly 1 *
been in some way misinformed."
Put Actions in Peculiar Light.
This letter from Dan Kevane, secretary
of the board, to the Attorney General
and the statement of Attorney General
Ford put the action of the other members,
in a peculiar light. There . being three
¦ new .; clerks to. appoint .courtesy, would
have dictated that each of the three mem
bers of the -board name one clerk, ,. So
far from 'sucli rule being followed the At
torney General was not even informed of.
the board's intention to meet for the pur
pose of appointment, nor afterward, of the
appointments having been made until
told by a representative of The Call last
night. Worse still, six days after the
appointments were made, under date of
April 4, in response to an inquiry written
April 2, Secretary Kevane wrote the At
torney General that he would be duly
notified when the appointment of clerks
vras to be made, so that he might be
present. ' . .
To be ignored in the distribution of pat
ronage by his official colleagues, to have
his functions usurped by the secretary of
tha board and to be misinformed by the
secretary and given to understand that
the appointments are yet to be made— all
this is not balm for the Attorney General,
and the attainment of harmony between
the Governor and Attorney General Ford
is apparently now but an Iridescent
dream.
Friends of Attorney General Ford pre
dict a lively session of the Board of Ex
aminers when the next meeting is heid
unless the precedent established in this
case be followed and the Attorney Gen
eral be left to learn from the press a
month afterward that a meeting has been
held. ¦ - -;-¦ :* •-
The three additional clerks were author
ized by. bills that were passed by. the last
Legislature practically, without opposition;
they being known as "Governor's meas
ures." One, Senate bill 430, was intro
duced by Senator Wolfe. It amended sec
tion 6S5 of the Political Code to read that
the Board of Examiners may appoint four
clerks to the secretary of the board. As
the law stood before but one clerk was
allowed. Under the new law two of the
four receive $1600 annual salary and the
other two $1200. The other bill. Assembly
bill 606, had Broughton for its sponsor.
It provided an appropriation of $1125 for
the payment for the . remainder of the
fifty-second fiscal year of the salaries of
the additional clerks.
Kent Secret for a Month.
New Evidence of Strained Relations
in State Board and Predictions
'•/.'. ; y'- \ot Lively Sessions to Come.
* ... » - - ¦ ¦ .r. . - ~ ; ¦ ¦¦' .
— — r* . • • .-
SACRAMENTO. May 1. — Chauncey
Clark, E. J. Taylor and Miss Lillian Nel
son have been appointed as the additional
clerks to the State Board, of Examiners/
for which . provision-, was ! made ' by ; bills
passed by the last Legislature.;. The ap
pointments are pot of great Importance
in themselves, but surrounding the choice
of these three there Is new evidence of the
strained relations ;: existing "; within, the
board, and this has set the knowing onos
about the Capitol talking. •,.."; ' ;¦-,
While the appointments have only 'now
become known Clark, Taylor and Miss
Nelson drew salaries for April, Clark 1 aud
Taylor each receiving $100 and Miss Nel
son $133 1-3, their regular montnly sal
aries as provided by the new-act. It
transpires that- the appointments were
made March 29. to date from the follow
ing day. ' • ¦.•¦•' - \ ""¦
Those who are acquainted with ¦ Inside
facts say, that Clark .was undoubtedly.
Governor Gage's appointee and that Tay
lor was named by Secretary of State Cur
ry. It is evident that Attorney General
Ford, the third member of the State
Board of Examiners, found himself In the
minority when the appointments were
made, for, it is claimed that Miss Nelson
was named for the place, not by a mem
ber of the board, but by its secretary,
Daniel Kevane. v .¦• ¦ . : .
Governor Gage, Curry and
Dan Kevane "Each Name .
One of Them. %i£
Attorney General . Ford
Ignored in Selecting
New Appointees.
FOUR CLERKS
TO EXAMINERS
DRAWING PAY
BAKERSFIELD. May 1.—V?. C, Am
brose, resident engla«er of this division
of the Southern Pacific. 1b no longer In
th6 employ of that company. A few day*
ago he tendered his resignation, which
took effect to-day.
It is generally acknowledged that Mr.
Ambrose did not of his own accord hand
in his resignation. In fact it i3 openly
asserted In railroad circles here that h«
Is being made the scapegoat for the blun
dering of others In connection with tto
unsatisfactory work on the Santa Bar
bara division. The construction on that
line was in the charge and under th<s
supervision of Mr. Ambrose, but tnoss
who are in a position to know state that
he worked under restrictions from head
quarters. Since President Hays has de
clared the road unserviceable It is Inti
mated certain heads of departments have
been seeking to ftnd some one upon whoso
shoulders the blame could be thrust. The
resignation of Mr. Ambrose is the result.
Mr. Ambrose first took up the work as
engineer of construction for the Southern
Pacific Company In 1SS2. He has since
been constantly in Us employ in the San
Joaquin Valley. For several years past
he has been a resident of Kern, and dur
ing this time has made innumerable
friends who express regret at his having
been forced to sever his connection with
the company. His retirement is regretted
oy the local railroad officials and other
employes. -
Special IM.=patch to Th« Call.
Veteran Southern Pacific At
• tache Is Compelled to Re- :
sign His Place.
Blame Engineer Ambrose
for Faulty Coast Line
Construction.
HIGH OFFIGULS
FORCE HIM OUT
GREAT MARBLE SHAFT IS REARED
IN HONOR OF OREGON'S FOUNDERS
Pioneers of the Northern Commonwealth Will Gather To-Day at
Champoeg to Witness the Unveiling of a Monument on the
Site Where Their ¦ . Territorial Government Was Organized
BALLOTS CA RR Y PR I Z E
TO A WOODLAND MAID
Miss Minnie Gefmeshausen Is^ Elected to
Represent the Yolo Metropolis at the
Court of; Sacramento's Carnival Queen
THE SAN /FRANCISCO, CAGLL, THURSDAY, MA Y 2, 1901.
historic ground will be preserved to pos
terity, marked by a shaft of granite re
cording the birth of original Oregon 'as a
self-governing parcel of the American
nation. '.
At the unveiling ceremony Rev. H. K.
Hines, H. TV. Scott and Governor T. T.
Geer will deliver addresses, upon the his
toric significance of the ceremony and re
view the events leading up to the mem
orable meeting that It is proposed to com
memorate. The monument will be un
veiled by Hon. F. X. Matthieu; the sole
survivor of the fifty-two founders of the
provisional government.
The people of Champoeg and vicinity
have made great preparations for the un
veiling ceremonies, as pioneers i are ex
pected from all parts of the State. Seats
and a grandstand are erected and every
needed arrangement is made for the com
fort and convenience of the guests.
jsq ALEM, Or., May L— The unveiling
(^^. of the monument at Champoeg to-
morrow will commemorate a his
s^ torlcal event of deep significance
to, the citizens of Oregon. It will,'
in reality, be the observance of the fifty
eighth anniversary of the birth of the
' original Oregon, as on May 2, . 1843, the
• first government in Oregon was organized.
The organization of this government 'was
' effected at Champoeg, and the site of the
building In which the meeting was held
has been marked by the monument that
will be unveiled to-morrow to the mem
"ory of the fifty-two men- who voted in
favor of organization and In commemora
; tion. of that eventful meeting. Thus this
2
; v To' Cure a Cold in One \ Day. '
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. 23a •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• A FEW FACTS
About the New Catarrh. Cure.
The new Catarrh Cure Is a new depart-
ure in so-called catarrh cures because It
actually, cures, and is not simply a tem-
porariv relief.
The new • Catarrh Cure is not a salve,
ointment, powder nor liquid, but a pleas-
.-, ant tasting tablet containing the best spe-
. cifiee for catarrh, in a concentrated, con-
¦*'• vcnlent form. . .
• The old style of catarrh salves' and oint-
-ments are greasy, dirty, and Inconvenient
at the best; the new preparation being in,
tablet form is always clean and con-
venient.
The new Catarrh Cure ¦ Is superior to
Catarrh powders because it Is a notorious
fact that rriany catarrh powders contain
i cocaine. ¦ . ¦
The new Catarrh Cure is called Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, a wholesome combina-
tion of blood root, beeebwood tar, guaiacol
and other antiseptics, and cures by its
action upon the blood and mucous mem-
branes, the only rational treatment for
catarrhal trouble.
'-. you do not have to. draw upon your
Imagination to discover whether you are
getting benefit from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; improvements and relief are appa-
rent from -the nrst tablet taken.
All druggists sell and recommend them.
They coet but 50 cents for full sized pack-
ages, and any catarrh sufferer who. has
• -wasted time and money on sprays; .salves
and Jpowders will appreciate to the full
t*>« merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
Old age, like disease, brings infirmities; and with the advancing
years' come tho wasted muscles, the failing strength, the wrinkled
visage and uncertain step. In old age the vitality fe lowered, tha
heart beats with a feebler pulse and the blood moves throagh *he
body at a sluggish pace. The digestion is easily deranged,- the
nervous forces are weakened and the resistive poWerfc are greatly
reduced. It is then that tonics and strengtheners are gratefully
received by the failing body; and when the tonic is combined with
a nerve-food and vitalizing prinoiple such as Dr. Mtt.^» Nestihb
contains, the results are peculiarly happy.
"I am eighty-two years old and tor the last twelve
years I have not been without Dr. Miles' Nervine In my
house. It cured me of nervous prostration, and I have
since used it as a tonic for Indigestion and tired' feeling.
It gives such sweet, restful sleep and I feel so. refreshed
after using it that I value it very highly."
Daniel Lkacock, Galesburz. UlA
Quiets the irritation, rests the tired brain, stimulates the digestion
and puts new life and energy into the entire*, system. .You
will feel better if Kuy a bottle to-day.
Sold by druggists on a guarantee. * J>b. Miles Mxdjcal Co, lakhart, Ind.HAY HAVE BEEN" PLACED
ON TRACK BY SLAYER
East Los Angeles.
LOS AXGELES. May L— The body of
an unknown man was found oa the South
ern Pacific Railroad track In East Los
Angeles early this morning. The head
was almost completely severed, but the
fact that the body itself is unmangled.
notwithstanding it lay directly across the
track, leads to the suspicion that the man
was murdered and placed on the track
afterward. The victim was about 40 years
of age and well dressed.
PLACE MILLIONS
FOR OIL LANDS
Excitement Throughout
Texas Over Dis
coveries.
Speculators Invest Enormous
Amounts in New Com
panies.
Special XXspatcIx to CT» Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., May L— Tix9 people of
Texas are running mad on the subject of
oil Block epeculatlon. The wonderful dis
covery of oil in the Beaumont field has
led to the organization of over 2)0 oil
companies in this State within the past
three months. Th« charters of tweaty
flvo new oil companies were Cled In tha
office of th* Secretary ot State her© to
day.
Tho ag-gresa-te capital stock Is nearly
$14,000,000. The largest of the companies
chartered tc-.<Jay Ur tha Anglo-American
Oil Company, with Its principal office at
Beaumont. It has a capital stock of
$5,000,080 and Its purpose is to build and
operate & *v»tem ot oil pipe lines, tanks
and cars. Thla pipe line will extend to
all parts of the Beaumont oil fields and
tvIII connect the field with a deep-water
port either at Port Arthur or Galveston.
The lncorporators are all Beaumont men.
Another bJg company chartered to-day
is the Beaumont Standard Oil Company,
xrfth a capital stock of $2,000,000 and the
principal office at Beaumont. Among its
¦' Incorporators are George Z. Laild, W. C.
Teter of New York and George S. Brown
all of Lebanon, Pa.
The Favorite Company and the Sour
Lake Oil Company, both having their prin
cipal oflices at Beaumont and- each capi
talized for $1,000,000, were also among the
number of companies organized to-day.
The "bringing in" of an oil gusher In
Louisiana, forty-five miles east of Beau
mont, broadens the oil field and makes it
one of the largest known' oil regions in
the world. This new discovery added fuel
to the speculation flame and prices of
land situated between the new well and
the Texas g-usher advanced several hun
dred p«r cent to-day and are still climb
ing skyward. C. X. Lufkln of Lima, Ohio,
who holds the position of flelfi investigator
with the Standard Oil Company, has been
at Eeaumont for some time. "Wnen asked
to-day what he thought of the situation
In the Beaumont field and when this un
precedented oil speculation fever is going
to end here, he replied:
"I haven't the slightest Idea when it
will end. I am unable to think a day
Into the future of this thing. It may last
a ¦week or ten years. No one can tell. It
is the strangest situation I ever saw In oil
matters or anything else. In ordinary
times one might think that a dry hole or
a limit to the field would have some ef
fect on the conditions, but people seem to
have forgotten and do not care what hap
pens to the field. It Is the thing of least
Interest In the whole affair of the oil ex
fitprnpnt''
HOPE TO RAISE OIL PRICES.
"Well-O-wners Perfecting Plans for
Their State-Wide Combine.
BAKERSFIELD, May L— The Combined
Peroleum Producers' Association has out
lined the plan of organization and the
lines on which It will be conducted. It Is
th.e intention to organize a corporation
which will have a capital stock of $500,000,
divided into 5009 shares of the par value of
$100 each. Each person or corporation de
siring to become associated must purchase
at least ten shares. Of the remaining
shares 2600 will be issued to a trustee, to
be selected by the producers, who shall
hold euch shares for the benefit of all
producers becoming members and stock
holders in the Institution. This Is done
to prevent any person or clique obtaining
control of the association. The object of
having each company subscribe a given
number of shares Is to place them on an
equal looting and to provide funds for the
corporation, so that It may have a stand-
Ing in the financial world.
"While it Is not so stated. It is the gen
eral opinion of oil men that the associa
tion is formed for the purpose of protect
ing the producers by establishing the
price of oil at at least o0 cents a barrel.
Oil Fever in Oklohoma.
GUTHRIE, O. T.. May L— The oil fever
has reached Oklahoma and companies are
being formed at various points to inves
tigate the many Indications of the prec
ious fluid. Secretary Jenkins to-day
gTanted papers to the Youkon Oil and
Gas Company of Tcukon, O. T., with a
capital stock of (509,000, and also to the
Oklahoma Oil Company of Oklahoma City,
with a capital stock ct $1,000,000. The lat
ter company is composed of Texas and
Oklahoma men.
PRIEST PROVES THAT CHARLES CRILL
AND MURDERER DUNHAM ARE NOT ONE
Father Leggio Identifies the San Jose. Suspect as a Man at Whose
Wedding He Officiated in Colorado' Some Years Ago— Two
Women Come Forward to Claim the Prisoner as Their Husband
OMAHA. Nebr., May 1.— Senator-Elect
Dietrich this morning resigned as Gov
ernor and was succeeded by Lieutenant
Governor Savage. - ¦
MISS LAUBE PROFITS
BY HER NOTORIETY
Young Woman Posing as Senator
Clark's Fiancee Will Lecture on
Matrimony.
SAN DIEGO, , May .1.— Miss Hattie
Rose Laube, the girl ' orator, who was
much before the public' a few days ago
on account of her reported engagement
to Senator Clark of Montana; is out with
hand bills and window pictures announc
ing a lecture by her at Unity Hall on
next Monday evening.
The blackest type on the poster, which
should indicate her subject, asks the
question: "Are you single, or married?"
Other questions are: "Have you a happy
home?" "Does the .world need a mannish
woman?" "Is Mrs. Nation Right?" "Do
you wish to succeed in love, business or
matrimony?" --,'.-¦
i These, seemingly, are the questions
which Miss Laube . proposes to ¦ answer
and she evidently expects that the recent
prominence will do her no harm, as. the
poster speaks of herself as "The famous
gjrl lecturer whom you have read so
much about. 1 .' •-;,>:.: . . " •
COIN-MAKERS OUTFIT
FOUNT) JN THE ; CABIN
Fine Apparatus of Counterfeiters Dis
covered by the Police Authorities
Hear Pipestone Springs.
' BUTTE, Mont., May 1 — The arrest a
.few days ago of "William Dougherty and
John Mulligan for passing counterfeit $10
gold pieces has led to the capture of one
of the most complete counterfeiting out
fits ever seen in Montana.
The men were traced to a cabin near
Pipestone Springs. To-day Chief of Police
Lavell and Detective Murphy went to the
cabin and found the plant. "Jim" "Web
ber the man in charge of the cabin, was
arrested. According tc the police "Webber
has served a term in the Idaho peniten
tiary for counterfeiting.
Engineer Killed in' Wreck.
HELENA, Mont.. May 1.— A Great
Northern express train was wrecked two
miles west of Fort Benton to-day. The
engine, tender and baggage-mall car
were ditched and Engineer John "Wilkin
son was killed. 'The fireman was thrown
150 feet down an embankment, 1 but re
ceived only slight injuries. No passengers
were "injured. The wreck was caused by
a washout. »
ATTEMPTS TO JUMP
FROM . THE SANTA ROSA
Suicide of a tSToman Passsng^r Pre
vented by a Member of tho
SANTA BARBARA, May 1.— On the
down trip of the steamship Santa Rosa,
which arrived In port this evening, a Mrs.
Long, who,* with her husband, was a pas
senger, attempted to jump overboard. She
had acted strangely and . kept on . deck a
great deal. "When she believed no one
was looking she climbed upon the rail to
leap overboard, but a deckhand, whom she
had not noticed, seized her skirts and held
her fast until help arrived and she was
hauled in. After this episode she abso
lutely refused to sceak a word. Even
when questioned '. by Captain Alexander
Mrs. Long would give no explanation.
QTJENTTN" SALIiES
HAS SURRENDERED
. -WASHINGTON. May 1.— The War r De
partment this .- morning received the fol
lowing cablegram, from General MacAr
thur at Manila: ."Quentln Salles surren
dered at Iloilo on \A.priL 21. All organized
opposition on that island Is ended.'"
Burglars Take $8600 in. Cash From
a Strongbox in.
COUNTRY STORE SAFE
YIELDS RICH RETURNS
Cayucos.
CATUCOS, May 1.— Burglars entered
the general merchandise store of De Got
tardi & Righetti last night, opened the
safe and obtained more than $8600 in cash.
Entrance to the store was effected by bor
ing four holes through the rear door with
an extension bit and slipping the door
bolt. The safe has a combination lock,
but the proprietors are not certain
whether the safe door was locked when
the store closed at 9 o'clock last night.
Evidently it was opened by manipulation,
as it shows no marks of violence. The
money* consisted of gold and silver and
was in sacks in tho upper part of the safe.
All was taken except about $2 In small
ecln.
N. de Gottardi of the firm returned yes
terday from Los Angeles with more than
$6000 in coin to take up the debts of tho
firm. This money was placed in the safe,
of which fact the burglars probably had
information. The safe also contained,
jewelry . and negotiable papers, but these
were not disturbed.
The safe is one that passed through a
fire here a few years ago and is by no
means burglar proof. It is surprising that
the proprietors should have placed such
a large sum in It. Several persons knew
the combination of the safe, but no one is
under suspicion. A reward of $500 is of
fered for the arrest of the burglars. -:¦• • ,
WATER AN3> ELECT/RIG
.PLANTS CHAM-QE HANDS
Two Ventura and Santa. Ana Com
panies Are Absorbed by a
JL £11X0. •
VENTURA, May 1.— It was officially an
nounced this afternoon that the Santa
Ana "Water ¦ Company and the Ventura
Land and Power Company have changed
hands. The transfer was made in#LoS
•Angeles late yesterday afternoon.- The
property is absorbed by. the Ventura "Wat
er, Llcrht and Power Company, with Its
principal place of business in Los Ange
les. According to the articles of incois
poration filed with the Los Angeles Coun
ty Clerk there is a capital stock of $500,
000, divided into $100 shares, which amount
is fully subscribed. The directors are:
James H. Adams, Thomas W. Phillips,
Theodore W. Brotherton, John M. Gardi
ner, Frank E. Trask, Los Angeles; "Wil
liam R. Staats and Jared S. Torrance,
Pasadena.
The property, involved is exceedingly
valuable, the consideration being about
$250,000. The water company supplies the
residents of this eity and Ventura avenue
with water for domestic and irrigating
purposes; the Land and Power Company
furnishes electric . light - and power, and
both ¦ companies practically control the
free water rights and privileges along the
Ventura River, which at :• present flows
more thari 1000 miner's inches of water
per day. Three - large apricot orchards
and ; a 700-acre tract • of timber and hay
land' are included in the transfer, as are
the ' Rose Flour ! Mills.
'[¦¦¦¦¦iii.Mi n»ii>' w ii'im i t i 'PimniiiiiMlMll^^M^MI^^^^^^^^^B
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
CAL.L BUREAU. 1406 Q STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 1.— Germany's
mysterious procedure in the Caribbean
Sea is giving naval officials some concern.
The Germsui cruiser Veneta has Just com
pleted surveys of the island of Margarita.
These surveys are supplemental of others
which German vessels have made among
the West Indies. It Is known by naval
officers to be the custom of the German
Naval Department to send its/training
ships to the Caribbean ostensibly for
practice cruises, but really to familiarize
the officers with navigation there and to
make surveys. '•?
No apprehension is expressed that Ger
many will take possession of Margarita
Island. That would be considered by the
United States a violation of the Monroe
doctrine, and Germany is not prepared at
this time to take a step which might lead
to war. It is believed in well-informed
circles here that the supposition that a
colony of Germans will be established on
Margarita Island will be the action taken
at this time. It will be the duty of these
Germans to Improve the harbor selected
by the officers of the Veneta,' which will
be useful in case of trouble.
Naval officials do not want war with
Germany, and they believe that it can
be avoided by augmenting the fleet so
as to keep it as strong as that of Ger
many. If Margarita Island should be
available for use as a base of operations
a naval officer who discussed the matter
to-day said that Germany would control
Venezuela and the Caribbean mouth of
the canal, as Margarita" is closer to the
isthmus than the United States. From
his point of view there, is no necessity of
placing American Interests in Jeopardy.
If Congress will authorize the construc
tion of a sufficient number of battleships
to enable the United States to keep pace
with German naval construction the Mon
roe doctrine, in his opinion, which most
•of his colleagues share, would be peace
fully maintained.
Naval Men Are Con
cerned Over Proce
dure of Germany.
CARIBBEAN SEA
BEING SURVEYED
Saloons Observe the Law.
SANTA CRUZ, May L— Unexpectedly
the seven saloons in Brancif orte Town
ship closed to-day, in compliance with the
liquor ordinance. Two saloons in Boulder
Creek, one in Felton and one in Corrilltos
also closert
, * - * -..¦¦
SAN JOSE, May 1. — Charles Frank
lin Crill and James C. Dunham are
not one and the same person; this
is the conclusion of most of the
people of San Jose to-night. While
the two resemble one another enough to
be twins, the preponderance of evidence
is against the prisoner being the Campbell
murderer. The Identification of Crill as
Dunham has illustrated one thing, and
that Is that Dunham was very little
known In San Jose. It is possible that If
the real murderer were brought to this
city not enough witnesses could be found
to go upon the stand and prove he was
Dunham.
The murderer lived within himself; his
whole life has proved a mystery to those
who tried to unravel the events of his
career prior to the murders. He made
few friends, went about his own affairs
and kept his secrets to himself. When it
came to getting a description of Dunham
the officers found little to work upon. .
Many had a passing acquaintance, but
few knew him intimately. These latter
are now divided as to the identity of the
suspect.
Father Jieggio Identifies Crill.
Crill was positively identified this after
noon by Father Leggio of Santa Clara
College as a person he had married to
Dora Schreiber in Pueblo, Colo., In 1887.
This meeting of groom and celebrant was
the feature of the day. Father Leggio,
who has a detective's skill,, had read of
Crill's arrest and called to see If he was
the man at whose wedding he had of
ficiated in Colorado. Buttoning his coat
well around him to hide the cloth of his
calling and with a borrowed hat upon his
head, he met the suspect. The reverend
father skillfully carried Crill over his life
In Colorado up to his wedding there in
1887. Crill told of people he knew there:
that a certain Father Leggio had married
him to Dora Schreiber, who sang in the
choir of St. Patrick's Church. He was
asked if he would recognize the priest
who performed the ceremony, and Crill
said he probably -would not, as It was 6O
long ago, but that he was a "fine fellow"
and he had learned to like him while he
was in Pueblo. He said the marriage had
been performed In the annex to the church
and Miss Devereaux had acted as brides
maid. Questioned as to a description of
Father Leggio. Crill said he looked like
his interrogator. The borrowed hat came
off the priest' 3 head, a merry twinkle
lighted his eye and both men clasped
hands.
Wedding: Day Incidents.
From that time on, they related inci
dents that proved Crill had been married
by the Father In Pueblo. Crill was not
a Catholic, and in order to have the mar
riage performed in church a dispensation '
from the Bishop at Denver was necessary.
This was late in arriving and -the mar
riage had to be postponed from the fore
noon to the afternoon. Father Leggio
and Crill had made several trips to the
telegraph office to get this permission,
and they recalled the payment of. the 55
fee by Crill. Crill was assured his mar
riage record could be found in St. Tat-
GOES AMONG STRANGERS
TO CLOSE HIS CAREER
San Diego Suicide Hides All Evi
dence by Which He, Could Be
Identified.
SAN DIEGO, May 1.— An unknown sui
cide occupies a slab at the Morgue," and as
the young man seems to have carefully
destroyed every chance of identification
and came to a city where he was an en
tire stranger to take his life, it Is <julte
likely that his Identity will not be known
unless discovered by accident. The body
was found in a room at the Santa Rosa
Hotel, vrhich the unfortunate had occu
pied during the night. It 'was lying in
front of. a mirror, before which the
stranger had stood when he shot himself.
The suicide was only about 24 years of
age and he evidently came from Los An
geles by the evening train yesterday.
When told to-night that The Call had
dispatches showing that two women
claimed to be his wives, he appeared much
disconcerted. He declared that he sepa
rated from his first wife in Pueblo in 1893.
He obtained a. divorce In Salt Lake in 1897
and the same year married at 'Salt Lake
the woman now in Fort Scott, Kans. He
said he brought suit suit for divorce, but
refused to divulge the grounds. He re
fused to talk about his wives.
IS CRILL A BIGAMIST?,
the Suspect.
Two Women Claim, to Be Wives of
*"U±iT bltu.lt, Jttans., May 1.— xnere
seems no doubt that the Dunham suspect
now in jail at San Jose is the same per
son who for the past five months had
made this city his headquarters and who
Is known here as Charles F. Crill. Mrs.
C. F. Crill Is now at the Huntington Hotel
in this city, where she has resided since
last December. Yesterday she gave birth
to a baby and is In a very critical con
dition and the physicians will not allow
her to be seen by any one.
Mrs. Crill received a letter from her
husband to-day. The letter was written
on the train between La Junta and Trini
dad, Colo. It spoke of his going to San
Jose and San Francisco, but did not in
timate that he was under arrest, and it
is known that Bhe knows nothing of it.
Since his arrival here Crill had been in
the business of establishing magazine
clubs in the smaller neighboring cities
and has been away from here most of the
time, although his wife has been at the
hotel continually. Crill left here six
weeks ago for Wichita, where he was ar
rested. This is the longest he has been
away from his wife since they arrived
here. Nothing can be learned about him
previous to his arrival in this city, ex
cept that the landlady at the hotel had
heard Mrs: Crill speak about being in
Utah and the West.
- CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., May 1.— Mrs.
D. B. Crill lives at 223 North Second
street in this city with her father, Michael
Schreiber. Her brothers, L. and C. M.
Schreiber, are music dealers at 117 North
Third street. Mr. and Mrs. Crill have
been separated since 1894, the family at
that time living in Pueblo. Crill was con
sidered a worthless sort of a fellow and
failed to provide for his wife's support.
Of his whereabouts since the separation
she and her family knew little, but they
have had no word of his having been in
California. The first of the present year
he was living in Wichita, Kans., which
has-been his home practically since the
separation, so far .as his people here
know. ¦ ..-:-;-..-.;
KNEW THE UNCLE OE CRILL.
San Franciscan Substantiates Fart of
the Suspect's 'Story. ' ;
William Myer. who resides at 1528^
Howard street in this city, has come for
ward to substantiate part of C. P. Crill's
statement in regard to his past life. Crill
claims to have had an uncle, David R.
Crill, living at Flag Station, between
Rockford and ,Rochelle, in Ogle County,
111., with whom he asserts he went to
live when he was IS years of age. William
Myer claims to have resided at Flag Sta
tion seventeen years ago and says that
he knew David R. Crill. It is not known
whether David. R. Crill still resides at
Ogle. .":'"
would say the suspect was Dunham. ¦
H. L. Miller, the stationer, who knew
Dunham, and positively identified the man
last night as the McGlincy murderer, ad
heres to his belief. He says- he is sat
isfied the man under arrest Is Dunham,
and nothing can change his view.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Theurkauf, In whose
family Dunham had lived for several
years, were" sure the prisoner was not
Dunham. Mrs. Maginnis. with whom
Dunham took dinner two days before the
commission of his crime, declare he was
not the man.
Practically a Free Man.
While Crill is still detained at the Coun
ty Jail, he is practically no longer a pris
oner. He enjoys the freedom of the place
and walks about at liberty. The Sheriff's
office, while making no admission, seemed
convinced to-night it had the wrong man.
In a day or two more he will be given his
freedom. . ,
If ever James C Dunham had a double,
Crill is that man. Sheriff Langford' is
being commended for bringing back one
who so closely resembles Dunham for the
people to form their own judgment.
E. F. Greiner, who caused Grill's arrest,
Is heaping abuse upon the heads of the
people, who, he declares, do not want
Durham arrested. He still believes he
has the right man. Crill emphatically de
nies that he ever made a confession to
Greiner, whom he denounces as a liar and
a perjurer. He believes Greiner was
tempted by the big reward offered and
hoped to palm him off as the real Dun
ham in the great excitement which he
thought would prevail here over the ar
rest Greiner put up the money to bring
himself and Crill to San Jose and he has
given Sheriff Langford an assurance that
he would pay Crill's expenses home If it
was proved Crill was not Dunham. While
Langford and Deputy Bache felt certain
the man was Dunham, they did not feel
like Incurring the expense to the county
without further proof.
Declares Crill Confessed.
"The man arrested is 1 Jim Dunham,"
said Greiner to-day. IT have positive
proof, but the- people seem bent on turn
ing this man loose. Without any inves
tigation they declare he is not the man.
Some who make this assertion have never
taken the trouble to go and see him. I
don't believe the people want to punish
Jim Dunham. I have been to great ex
pense in bringing the man here, and if
they turn him loose I must furnish him a
ticket back to Kansas. He has admitted
repeatedly to me that he is no ether than
Dunham. The changes in his appear
ance can easily be accounted for. : The
fellow always carries a bottle of dye with
him and this he used regularly on his hair
and mustache. He is continually pulling
his mustache out straight and this ac
counts for the change In that respect.
Dunham's mustache formerly drooped.
Why, Crill admitted to me that he had an
operation performed In his eyes: that is,
the corner Had been cut so that they
would be opened wider and that the droop
that is mentioned could not be used to
identify him. And, then, how about the
ecar on his neck and those blunt thumbs,
and then there is the crook In his nose.
"I intend to see that I get fair play in
this matter and that the man is not
turned loose until more evidence is ad
duced." ¦ ¦ " - "
Greiner for a number of years was Mar
shal of Burlington, Iowa, and claims that
with his former experience he is not liable
to have made a mistake. Greiner says
....... '............
UNIVERSITY REGISTER
... SHOWS HAHTY CHANGES
Alterations in Stanford's Faculty and
in the Bules Regulating ¦•
Entrance.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", . May 1.—
The university register which Is' to ap
pear next week records several changes
made during the year's work and in store
for next year. Assistant Professors
Pierce, Stearns and Johnston have been
promoted to associate professors; Instruc
tor Bllchfeldt will henceforth hold a pro
fessorship, and Assistants Maddock, Muc
kleston and Snodgross will act as instruc
tors. New men to begin work next year
are Assistant Professors Ramsay, Rleber
and Anderson and Instructors Bassett
and Snodden.
Under entrance regulations it is noted
that manual training is hereafter to be
considered for admission credits, and that
candidates instead of being allowed to
take examinations three times a year may
come before the board in January and
May only by special ruling.
Students who have passed examinations
to leading Eastern colleges will be admit
ted to Stanford without further question,
and normal school graduates who have
had a full four-year high school course
may receive an advanced standing.
The register shows that 1398 students
are now enrolled in the university, an In
crease of fifty-eight over last year's total.
Of these 936 are Californians and 453, or
one-third, came from other States and
countries. The faculty now numbers 136
members.
FUGITIVE MURDERER OF THE McGLINCTS, HIS DOUBLE AND THE KAN
SAS OFFICIAL UPON WHOSE INFORMATION THE SUSPECT WAS
MADE A PRISONER AND BROUGHT TO SANTA CLARA COUNTY JAIL.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
SEATTLE, May L— Nome papers of date
as late as February 20, received to-day,
add one name, that of Benjamin L. Miller,
a well known Seattle man, who was the
Recorder in the Aglapan district, to the
list of those known to have perished In
the recent Nome blizzard.
Charles E. Gay, brother of United States
District Attorney Gay of . this city, and
United States Commissioner for the Arc
tic district, was found badly frozen, and,
according to. last reports, was likely to
die* before medical aid could reach him.
The report of Miller's death camo to
Nome on February 18. With a man named
Thomas, Miller had left the Agiapuk vil
lago for the headwaters of the river of
the same name on January 20. A medi
cine man of the village was their guide.
About ten days later news was brought
into Teller by a native that Miller's
frozen body had been found on the river.
Miller's widow "Is at Nome with her
father. His parents reside lii this city.
Prior to : going to Nome he was well
known all along the coast as a marine en
gineer. • ..
The report of the freezing of Judge Gay
was brought to Teller by a reindeer driv
er. He said that Gay was inland about
100 miles,'' with both feet badly frozen, and
that he might die before medical aid could
reach him. The man advised against the
sending out of any relief party at the
time, on account of the severe weather.
Mr. Gay has been identified with Cap
tain Tuttle of. the Bear and Sol G. Simp
son and others of this city in the Lost mine
of that district. He is a pioneer in that
section and was appointed United States
Commissioner by Judge Noyes last sum
mer. It is believed- that he was absent
from his quarters at the time on business
connected with the company. He had in
tended to come out this winter to visit
his relatives In this city, and the failure
on their part to hear from him in the last
malls aroused fears for his safety.
The storm appears to have raged from
the middle of January into the month of
February. Many were frozen so badly
that they will lose . fingers and toes, but
the list of deaths will not be laree.
On February 10, in the Solomon River
country, the snow was ten feet deep on a
level and drifted badly. Wood was scarce
e.t that time and many cases of suffering
were reported. Harry O'Neill and Adam
Sneider of Teller City were caught in a
blizzard during the early part of February
while returning from Marys Igloo with a
team of horses belonging to Charles Lane.
Both men had to suffer amputations of
parts>Jf their feet. Kev. Father Treca
of Nome was seriously frozen while on
his way from Unalakllk to Shakf olik. He
had a native boy as a guide. The boy be
came exhausted and the priest wrapped
him in a blanket and put him on the sled.
By the time he reached his destination the
good man was suffering severely. His
face was a • horrible | sight, having, been
frozen solid by the biting wind. Only
slight hopes are entertained for his re
covery. .
United States Commiseione
Gay; Dying as Result
of Exposure.
Benjamin L. Miller of
Seattle a Storm
. Victim.
PERISHES DURING
NOME BLIZZARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1901.
rick's Church at Pueblo, and Father Leg
gio promised to send and get it for him.
C. H. Shumate, former gTocer of Pueblo,
Crill on incidents that occurred
there ten or twelve years ago, and the
prisoner answered all interrogatories in
such a manner as to assure Shumate that
he had been there. The young lady whom
Crill married had been a customer of Shu
mate. - .¦>'¦ '-.- ,
A steady stream, of people Sowed in and
out of the Jail all day. Crill was carefully
scrutinized, elzed up and measured. Of
these thousands, more than 100 knew
Dunham personally, and not a half dozen
that when Crill was arrested he broke
down and cried and pleaded with him to
Bave him. Lieutenant Governor NefE Is a
nephew of Greiner and the latter says
Crill asked him to seek Neff's help to save
him. . . •
dill's Matrimonial Ventures.
Crill -went into fuller, details of his life
to-day. He had followed the business of
an advertising man and reporter and had
worked in Leadville. St. Joseph and Lin
coln, Nebr. In 1892 ana 1893 he con
ducted the Bessemer Nowb at Leadville
and the Field and Track at Salt Lake.
Body of an. TTnknown TiTan Found on
Southern Pacific Hallway in
Crev.
3
Strictly Reliable.
f^J Dr.Talcott
Diseases and
yj Weakness ot
fW/J MEN ONLY 1
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, such la tbe lowered standard of th«
vital processes that tha function of no organ U
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-j
pre:>slon tbe patient has a REAL, weakness.'
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, 13 nerve and other tonics. «
Not Weakness ; Symptoms
By far tha greater number of patient*, how-
ever, seeking? relief for so-called "Weakness"
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
has been damaged by either a contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. . These patlecta
have no weakness at all. Prematureness. Los*
of Vitality, etc.. are the symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically Inflamed
prostate gland. We find by curing this inflam-
mation that full vigor at once returns. It
should be understood that tonics, electricity,
etc.. might cure a real weakness, but would do
harm In Inflammation. - The main object Is to
reduce the size of the tender, swollen and In-
flamed prostate. This we accomplish by local
treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who havi
unsuccessfully treated for/ a weakness shoul 1
bow understand the cans* of failure.
_O9T MARKET STREET. Cgp. Six th.^
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPT1CIANS^^««W.
642 Market 5t. instruments
u*oia CHaowdt BUttDiN&. CATALOGUE FrC!.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
Dr. Lyon's
.PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a centary.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yea?
Ho-w Peruna Quickly Cures Back-
ache, the Bane of Womankind.
MRS. G. W. HEARD, Hempstead,
Tex., writes:
"We have moved recently, and I
must have lifted something that .was too
heavy for me In straightening things up,"
for I had such a backache and could hard-
ly stand on my feet at all. Besides, I was
so tired all the time. My face was
Spotted and I was very thin. I took one
bottle of Peruna and was soon real well.
When I feel tired and all run down I
take Peruna and feel all right before I
finish one bottle. : I know It is a won-
derful medicine, and both myself and hus-
band praise Peruna.
"There has been a great deal of sick-
ness through this part of the country,
but thanks to Peruna, which we use
freely, our own family has escaped with
almost no sickness at all.
"Could you but see our baby Ruby (to
whom we gave Peruna for bowel trouble)
you would see from her robust looks that
you need no better advertisement in this
little town. She is so fat and rosy, is
nearly nye years old now, and is a great
believer in Peruna."— Mrs. G. W. Heard.
Given Up to Die— All Doctors Failed.
It Pro-vxti to Be Catarrh of Stomach
and "Was Cured by Peruna.
W. A. Mitchell, dealer In general mer-
chandise, of Martin. Ga., writes:
"I- wrot« you some time ago concern-
Ing my wife's case. Se had tried all of
the best doctors, and we got to where
we thought all they did was against her.
She weighed about 190 pounds when she
was In good health. When she com-
menced with our family physician in
April, 189S, she weighed about 130, but
kept going down all the time.* She went
to Atlanta, Ga., and took treatment, but
it did her no good. Then she went to
Harmony Grove, Ga., and took treat-
ment from the best physician there for
three months. She kept going down un-
der his treatment, although he was con-
sidered the best physician in the county.
She went down from 130 pounds to 68, and
we saw she could not live long. She was
a skeleton. We consulted an old physi-
cian who told her to use Peruna. She
gradually improved and got stronger. She
has gained 38 pounds since she has taken
Peruna and is gaining every day and does
her own housework.
"She -was well known when, she was
so low, and now everybody wants to
know what cured her. She had Indiges-
tion and catarrh of the stomach. It is
as good for children as for grown peo-
ple. "We haven't had to have a doctor
for one of our children since 1898." — W. A.
Mitchell.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of
The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
Ohio.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the us© of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving: a
full statement of your case, and he -win
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratia.
Miss Rose Cullen, President Young "Woman's Club of Butte. Mont., writes
from 921 Galena, street, as follows:
"Peruna has many friends in Butte. I cannot say too much in praise
of it. While finishing school I became very nervous and exhausted from
over-study. I was weak and sick, and could neither eat, sleep, nor enjoy
life. A couple of bottles of Peruna put new life in me. I find that having
it in the house and taking a dose off and on keeps me in fine health.
"A large number of my friends place Peruna at the head of all
medicines." — Hiss Rose Cullen.
A GIFTED AND BEAUTIFUL GIRL
Threatened With Nervous Prostration,
PROMPTLY SAVED BY PE=RU=NA.
MISS ROSE CULLEN OF BUTTE, MONT.
} ' V\=3s|9^^ * ¦ '^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^~^^¥^^Sn^^^^^^^^P^^^^^^S^^
j . Dependable Drugs
THe Owl's
Special Sale
During this week until
Saturday night May 4th.
These articles are on sale
at from 10 to 30 per cent
less than our regular cut
rates and from 10 to 40
per cent lower than regular
prices:
Lyon's Tooth Powder 15c
> Owl Bird Seed 3 lbs for 15c
Lablache Powder ' 25c
100 2-gr Quinine Pills 20c
One cake Cuticura Soap and
one cake Churchill's
Skin Sozp 25c
¦ Valdier's Ammonia 20c
Coke's DandryfF Cure 6$c
Allen's Malt Whiskey 65c
; Renner's Malt Extract 15c
Rubifoam (25c size) and
one tube Lesley's Dental
: Cream • 25c
; JjMM %£ RATE D W° 0IS1^
Xjg||L 1125 Knrhet Street
: San Francisco
lOtH and Broad-w ixy Oakland
ADVERTISEMENTS.TO ARRIVE.
¦ thority of the Superintendent. . .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front . (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-five minutes later than at- Fort Point;
the height of tide is the> same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
\ , Times and Heights of High and .-Low
.Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
Sun, Moon and j Tide.
THURSDAY, MAY 2.
Betting-— High Hoe. S; Dunfree, 16-5; Hun
garian 4; Flamero. 11-5: Birdie Stone, 40; Flat
terer. 10; Judge Shropshire, J00.
Time— U. :2S; Vs. :S3; *i, 1:2OH- Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. O. P. Ro
migh's b. m. by Hlmyar-Janet. Winner carried'
out down tha backstretch by Flatterer* which
horse ran out. Ransch on Dunfree didn't pick
th« best going. Hungarian was lame, but
should have scored. He ran out in the stretch.
Flamero no account. Scratched — Jerid 124.
23S5." SIXTH RACE— Stx furlong* ; *»nteK;
three-year-olds and. up; purse, $350,
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. & %, Flit,
2349 High Hoe, .«. 119. Russell 2 S h ? 1 1 h
1975 Dunfree, 3, 107... Ransch 3 H 11 2 V,
29S8 Hungir-n, 5. 113. Math wa 4 « 8 5 2 3 2
JSSO Klamero, 5. 121. ..Martin 5 S3 4 2 4 3
2378 Birdie Stone,. 3. 97.Brodn 6 4 1 2 1 5 5
2313 Flatterer. 3. 110 Hoar 1 2^ IS 8 10
19S4 Jg. Shrop'shr, i, lll.Alxr 7 I T 1
2384. FIFTH RACE— Mile and fifty' yards;
selling-; four-year-olds and up; purse, J4C0.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2373 Wyoming, a, lOS.Russell 3 3 n % 1 1 h
2372 Gauntlet. 5. Ill Enos 5 4 10 1 2 2 6
2253 The Buff'n, 4. 104.Martn 12 1- 2 n 3 n
2379 Pat Morr'sy. a. lOS.Rnsh 2-13. 4 15 4 25
2360 Don Luis, a, 108.Math.W9 4*5 • '• * 5
Time— 50 yardsv *O3*4:-»4.- !35M; %; :51%: %.
1:2014: mile. 1:45U: lm 50yds. 1:5"U. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, J. G. Brown's
bi -g.' by Pardee-Capriee. -Wyoming showed
marked improvement and, m.ust have been short
previous time out. As race was run Gauntlet
should have won. Latter cut in on Th# Buffoon
down the stretch. Pat Mprrissey ran six fur
longs. . t .
Betting— Wyoming. 2; Gauntlet, S-3; Th«
Buffoon, 5; Pat Mdrrlssey. 5; Don Luis, 30.
2382. THIRD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $400. ':u '"¦';
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. «£. Str. Pin.
23S5 Louwelsea, 102...Bergren 2 2 H 2 3 11
(2369)Glendenning, 102/.Martln 3 13 13 2 3
2357 San Luition, 104..Alexdr 1 4« J5 3 12
2321 Jacqueminot. 105.Basngr 4 3 3 4 4 4 8
-2225 Waterscratch. 105... Enos 5 5 5 5
" 2269 Clear Bky, 103.... Tullett •
Time— 5-16. :31«/4 : 4'if. :58V£. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, Doble & Co.'s b.
¦ f. by Rey El Santa Anita-Leola. Bergen on
winner rode a perfect race. Glendenning all
,out at paddock. San Luition well played. Clear
Sky bolted after .the start. 'Jumped fen«e.
Scratched— St. Phllllpina 102. • :
Betting — Louwelsea, 9-2; Glendenning, 9-20;
San Luition. 9; Jacqueminot, 20; Waterscratch,
50; Clear Sky, 500. . -
3383. FOURTH RACE-Seven furlonga; sell
ing; four- year-olds and up; purse, H0O.
•Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Kin.
2376 Wall'steln, 4, lll.Alxndr 11^11 In
¦2103 Ostler Joe. a, 116. ..Enos 3 2 1 2.3 2 3
(2343)Hlndoonet, 6. U6.Bassgr 4 4 2 3 1 3 1
2S61 Gd. Sachem. 6. 113.Russl 7 8 5.^ 4 1
2351 Glissando, 4. lll..Conley 2 3h i i, 5 1
2376 Nilgar, 5, 113. Bergen 5 $ V, 8 6 2
2S26 Loconomo, 6, lll.Sulllvn 8 6 2 6 1 7 5
2343 Alas, 4, 100...Pendergast 6 7% 7h 8
Time— %, :25%; U. :52%; %. 1:35. Good start.
Won first three'<irivlng. Winner, Dr. H. E.
Rowell's br. g. by imp. Artillery- Ventura.
Wallensteln better handled than Joe. .Latter
should have won. Hindoonet acted sour at the
post and never looked a winner. Grand Sachem
will improve. Nilgar ran a bad race. Loco
nomo no account in th* mud. Scratchedr— The
Singer 111. Parader 113, Sir Kingston 111. Asian
114.
Bettlng-Wallensteln. 8; Ostler Joe, 12; Hln
doonet, 3-5; Grand Sachem. 20; GHssando, 20;
Nilgar, 10; Loconomo. 40; Alas, 100.
2381. SECOND RACE-One mile; three-year
olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2212) Wardman. 112.... Ransch 1 1U 12 13
2269 P. Archibald, 113.Tullett 3 2 n. 2 2 2 5
2097 Darlene. 107 ..Alexander 2 3 6 3 15 3 13
;<&37)Quibo. 112 Russell 5". 5 5 4 4
2350 G. Dewey, 109...Mathws 4 4 6 42 5
i Time— M. :26%; ?£ :53; %. 1:21H; mile. 1:50*4.
Good start. "Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. C. Donaleche's b. c. by
Tammany-Belinda. Wardman not supposed to
like the going. Archibald a big strong fellow,
but only a fair mechanic. Darlena didn't do
much.
Betting— Wardman, 3-2; Phil Archibald, 6;
Darlene, 11-5; .Qulbo; 10; George Dewey, 12.
OAKLAND RACETBACK-Wednes
day, May 1, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
heavy. ,
S3SO. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. %. - Fin.
2307 The Gafflr, S. 107.Basngr 111 21 14
3368 T. Cross, 3, 103... Russell 2 3 2 . B H *2 2
; 2373 La Calma. 2, lOo.Ranscn 6 4 % 3 13 1
. 2356 Scotch. 4, 113......Conley 4 5 3 4 % 4 V,
: 2276 Carlovgn'n, 3, 107. Jacksnl2 7 3 6 1 5 %
2373C. Santa, 3. 107...Alxdr 5 !h 11 6 2
19T2 Edith O. 3, 105 Enos 7 9 1 9 17 4
2332 Illusion, 3, 105..Mathws 8 10 % 8 M 8 1
2368 6. Voice, 4, 111... Martin 9 11 2 10 2 9 1
2323 F. Duffy, 4, 113..SullivanlO 12 1 Y 3 10 a
2363 Luca, 3, 105... Hoarll 6 tf 11 10 11 13
.... Arion. 3, 107.. .....Brown 3 8 1 13 12
Time— 14, :2$; V 2 . :53%; %, 1:21%. Good start.
"Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
"Winner, J. H. Simpson's b. e. by Uncas-Lae
tltia. Winner finally managed to get away
well. Triple Cross swerved ! near the finish.
Scotch was backed. Carlovlgnian away poorly
and weakly ridden. Frank Duffy a false
alarm. 'Disqualified for fouling and placed
last. ¦ ¦•-.
, Betting— The Gafflr, 6; Triple Cross. 10; La
Calma, 7-2; Scotch. .9-2; Carlovignian. 50; Cerro
Santa. 8; Edith O, 12; Illusion. 60: Sweet
Voice. 30; Frank Duffy, 8; Luca, 20; Arion. 28.
NOTE— Jn tha above exposition . of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides - of the
day 4n the order of occurrence as to time* of
day; the third time column gives the last'tldn
of the day,- except when thera are' but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights 'given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when - a
minus (— ) sign precedes the. height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Js the mean of the lower low waters.
¦ ..» -,T- t. •_ •
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
; Trips in the World . ¦ '
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For ; rates and Information call
at office, 4 New Montgomery street. •»
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N Mer
chants Exchange, San Francisco Cal '
Mayl, 1901. ' ¦ ¦
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. ' e.,' at-noon of . the 120th meridian. . or at &
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time... ~ ,
T1 / ' : C. Q. CALKINS, .
Lieutenant Commander, U.' S. N., in charge-
.Time Ball
The flght for the lead in the California
League cennant race 1a' to be transferred
i to l£«, -Angeles this week. The tu> s Ange
les ball-tossers^have gone home after an
absence of- three weeks. They have
dropped into second place, but are re
moved frorn the Frtecos. whom they are
to meet to-day, by, a very slight margin
The Sacramento" and • Oaklands will 1 su£
ply the attraction in this city. The Sac
ramentos are in last place." but Manager
Beeba has not lost confidence hi the pen
?^ n }^. inn^ s ot three seasons: He thinks
tnaf the other, teams have been playinc in
iBBftfSttSifaj?. 1 — - a ° i "
. The line-up for to-day is as follows-
Sacramento. Position. Oakland.
Stanley......... Catcher
Hanlon ...........First base ; Streib
k£ Ur £ ney -...Second base Arrellanes
Sheehan Third : base.. ..*;.-.. -...-.ifoore
Devereaux. Short stop ......Frwicka
McLaughlln... .:...... Left field......;.. Dunleavy
c. C ?V^ ken —-— Center field.. :;.... .Drennan
i Strlcklett ....Right field.. ....... Mosklman
• v ¦._¦.;-';'"-.; ¦¦/¦-.
Baseball To-3>ay,
On May 30 Emin Pasha would have been
seven years old. He was presented to J.
H. Rosseter by Colonel North, the nitrate
king. When a sapling and a puppy Emln
Pasha won all-aged stakes. Up to Janu
ary 1, 1896, this great hound was defeated
but once. At that time his leg was
broken. Shortly after this Emin Pasha
was bred to Rocliette and the litter made
famous stake-winners — Rosette, Cavalier
Zoe, Theron, Maud 8 and McKinley
In the second litter were Koolawn, Valley
Queen and Mira Monte.
Emin Pasha ran in the first and last
American Waterloo stakes, dividing th«
honors in the last with May Queen at
l>allas in 1899. Entfn Pasha's get includes
Palo AJto, Ireland, Erin. Uttle Sister Sir
Pasha, Slsquoc, Lady Clair, Roman Ath
lete and Recording- Angel, all of them
many times stake-winners.
. Emin Pasha, the greatest of all stud
greyhounds, is dead, pneumonia being the
cause. He was the most valuable dog in
J. H. Rosseter's kennels and sired more
stake-winners than any hound, domestic
or imported.
J. H. Rosseter's Valuable Greyhound,
the Sire of Many Stake Win
ners, Succumbs at Colma.
GREAT EMIN PASHA
DIES OF PNEUMONIA
the Palo Alto stock farm for the East to
day In charge of Superintendent Frank
Covey. Most of the horses are two-year
©Ids and all are heavily engaged, being
entered for the New England Futurity,
the Horse Review stake (a subscription
purse), the Louisville Prize and other
heavily staked meets. Several of the year
lings are to trot for purses aggregating
$32,000 in two and three year old form.
They are to be sold all over the United
State3, some being consigned to wealthy
fanciers in Europe. Among the best ani
mals in the bunch are two colts sired by
Adbell, who broke the world's yearling
record In 2:23. One of these is Bill Rus
sell, out of Gertrude Russell, full sister to
the famous Palo Alto, arid the other is
Kowellan, who has shown a quarter in 32
seconds, going the last eighth In 15%. Ross
Martin, a three-year-old nephew of Palo
Alto, has done the mile In 2:16.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May ¦ 1— Br
stmr Moyune, from Tacoma. •
6T VINCENT— Arrived May 1— Br stmr
Heathcraig-, hence Feb 25« and . proceeded for
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 30— Stmr Taco-
Bia, from Tacoma; Btmr Victoria, from Ta
coma. • • ' ¦ - ¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived May 1— Schr
American, from Sydney. .»
-Sailed' April- 15— Ship Balclutha, for Hono
lulu. 'April 22— Ship' Star of Italy, for San
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 3&~Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon. -
Sailed April 80— Stmr Finance, for Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived , May 1— Stmr
Kewburg, hence April 27.
KAANAPALI— Arrived April 2ft-Bktn News
boy, from Newcastle, Aus.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed May 1— Stmr Scotia,
for San Francisco.
BAN - DIEGO— Arrived May 1— Nor stmr
Horda, from Yokohama; schr Corona, from
Ballard. -
Failed May 1— Stmr « Chico, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 1— Stmr Luella,
from Caspar; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 1— Schr Robert
Lowers, for Honolulu. , . .
¦ PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 1— Stmr
San Mateo. for Comox; stmr Coronado,- for
San Francisco. •
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed May 1— Schr Fear
less, for Collao. • .
BANDON— Sailed May 1— Schr ConOanza, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 1— Stmr Samoa, hno
April 29; etmr Alliance, hence April • SO. ¦ . .
Sailed May 1 — Stmr Alcatraz, for San Fran
cisco. . ¦ • :.
April 9, lat 5 S, Ion 33 W— Br shlo Clan
Macpherson. from Tacoma, for Queenstown. -
April 28, lat. 49 N, Ion 5 W— Br ship Spring
burn, hence Dec 18, for London. ¦ .-
Per Br ship Liverpool— April 20, lat 60 12 N,
Ion 179 11 W, Ger ship Magdalene, from Yoko
hama, for Oregon. ¦• .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 1, 10 . p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KLAWACK— Arrived April 14— Schr Beulah,
hence March 28. -
Sailed April 19 — Schr, Beulah, for Umpqua.
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived May 1— Br stmr
Queen Adelaide, from Hongkong.
Sailed May 1— Bark: Pactolus, for Cape Town.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 1— Schr C H
Merchant, for Lahalna. . ;
SEATTLE!— Arrived May 1— Schr Robert R
Hind, hence April 20.
Sailed April 80— Stmrs Senator* and Dlrlgo,
for Skairuay; stmr Rainier, for Whatcom.
Arrived May 1 — Schr Victorian, from Alaska.
Sailed April SO— Stmr Lakme. for Bristol
Bay.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 1— Stmr Rival,
hence April 27. K*
SPOKEN.
Wednesday, May J.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka,
Stmr Coquille River, Green,- .
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend,.
Fr bark Dupleix. Hararig', Queenstown.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, San Pedro,
In tow of tug Monarch.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Point Reye.3.
Schr. Endeavor. McAllep, Port Blakeley.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobseri, Rogue River.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlgr, Eureka.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May 1.
Stmr Dora, Knudsen,- Seattle: North Ameri
can Commercial Co.
Ger 8tmr Tanis, May, Hamburg and way
ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn Irmgrard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May J.
Etmr Santa Ana, Strand. 90 hours from Ta
coma, via Seattle S8 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Cocona, Gielow, 56 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, 10 days from Aca
jutla.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 82 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Ruth, Higgins, £7 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Valencia, Graham, 16 days from. Orca,
via Oyster Harbor 3% days.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 50 hours frora Eafl
Diee-o.
¦ Br ehiD Dowan Hill, Puxley, 1ST daya from
Newcastle, England.
Br ship Liverpool, LewU. 31 days from Kobe.
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, 151 hours from
Hambure.
Bark Albert. Griffith, 12 days from Kaana
pall. ¦ :
Bark Kalulani, Dabel, 13 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Youngsren, ; \2 days
from Tacoma.
Fr bark Jane Guillon, Roy, 65 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, 2S days from Ho
nolpu. -
Schr Helen N Kimball, Hansen, 25 day* from
Hana.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Seymour, 28 days from
Kahului.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 6 days from Sius*
law.
For Chile— 17,125 bbls flour, 60 cs canned
roods, E21 lbs dried fruit, 20 cs eoap. 913 cs
salmon, 19 cs whisky, 3 cs wine, 16 coils cord
age, 26 bbls lubricating oil, 710 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 220 ctls wheat.
For Peru — 6375 bbls flour, 9 bales paper, 355
lbs tea, 2000 lbs dried fruit, 22 cs canned goods,
SO cs salmon, £00 bdls shooks, 10 cs S bbls en
gine oil. 5500 redwood ties, 2400 gals sulphuric
acid, 324 coils cordage, 26,055 lbs tallow, 3395
ctls wheat.
For Ecuador— BOO bbls flour, 251 colls cordage,
100 cs canned goods. 15S5 lbs ham and bacon.
600 lbs dried fruit. 1174 Iba cheese, 32 cs, 220
gals wTne.
855 cases, and- the exports 3163 cases and 48
packages. - ,
COAL— Receipts of Coal for the month were
as follows: From Puget Sound, 47,590 tons;
Oregon, 2990; British Columbia, 39,153; 'Aus
tralia, 9228; total receipts. 99,021 tons.
' — » • . '
Merchandise for South. America.
The Kosmos line steamer Turds cleared yes
terday for Hamburg and way ports with a large
cargo manifested as follows: For Ecuador,
$3S19; Peru, $32,575; Chile, $62,328, making a
total value of $98,712. The cargo included. the
following: ' '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shippings Merchants.
The J. C. Pflueer will load merchandise for
Honolulu.
Bsceipts and Exports in April.
UMBER- Receipts of Lumber during the
month 6f April were as follows: From' Cali
fornia, 16,075,000 feet; Oregon, 5.446.000; "Wash
ington, 14.20LOO0. making the total receipts for
the month 35.722.000 feet. The exports during
the month were 1,320, 5S5 feet.
SALMON— Receipts of Salmon in April were
The latest addition to the Nome fleet is
the fast steamship John M. Kimball. She
Is a magnificently fitted out vessel and as
fast as anything in her class on the coast
The Kimball was in the Nome trade last
year and was one of the most successful
boats on the run. She will leave here with
the rest of the fleet, and there is sure to
some rivalry as to which vessel will get
there first. •
The Peru, San Jose and Selene.
¦The Pacific Mail Company s Peru ar
rived from Panama via Mazatlan early
£eKterday morning, and she was followed
a few hours later by the San Jose from
Acajutla. The Peru made a record run
from Mazatlan. She will be overhauled
and will take up, the Rio de Janeiro's
dates on the China schedule. W. C. Ham
berger, William Oisen and one Chinese In
transit were the only .passengers on the
Peru, while the San Jose did not bring
any.
The Helene comes here for an overhoul
ing. She ran on a rock while trading
among the Hawaiian Islands and dam
aged her rudder and rudder post. She
will go on the Union Iron Works drydock
to-day. .
The John LL Kimball.
swept her decks, sails were split and oth
ers were blown -out of the bolt ropes. The
forecastle was gutted and everything
moxable on deck was washed. overboard.
One or two of -the crew were slightly in
jured. On March 17 both the Eurasia, and
Dowan Hill were in a hurricane, but the
damage did not amount to a great deaL
Neither vessel shows any trace of the
rough weather encountered.
The Liverpool made a steamship run
from the Japanese coast. At one time. In
twenty-four hours Bhe logged 360 knots, a
record that many a mail steamship might
be proud of. Captain Lewis brought his
vessel to San Francisco by way of the
Oreat Circle. He was away north in Ber
ing Sea and had to alter his course to es
cape an ice field. The Liverpool is square
rigged on her four masts and is S134 tons
net burden, being one of the largest sail
ing vessels that, has ever come to this
port. Captain L«wIb Is well known in this
port, having been last here in the Full
wood.
morning. - > j; :
The Dowan Hill had a much harder time
of it than the Eurasia. Heavy cross seas
The ship Eurasia brought a very valu
able cargo from Hamburg. It consisted,
in part, of 505 cases brandy, 769 barrels of
whisky, cement, fertilizers, tar and chem
icals. Heavy weather was met with dur
ing the entire run. On February 7, the
British ship Dowan Hill was spoken, and
neither vessel saw the other a^ain until
they were off the Golden Gate yesterday
Eurasia Had Heavy Weather, Liver
pool "Was Up in the Ice.
' . * STRONG northwest breeze brought
J\ a big fleet of vessels Into port yes
f-\ terday.: The first to show was
A }\ the British ship Eurasia, 154 days
from Hamburg, and a few min
utes after her came the Pacific Mail Com
pany's steamships San Jose and Peru
from Central American ports. Soon after
the steamers had passed up the big four
masted British ship Liverpool, 31 days
from Kobe, Japan, was sighted and rigrht
behind her came the sugar fleet; The brig
Galilee, 23 days from Honoipu; bark Al
bert, 12 days from Kaanapali; schooner
Dora Eyuhrn, 26 days from Kahului;
schooner Helen N. Kimba.ll, 25 'days from
Kahului; bark Kaiulani, 13 days from Ho
nolulu, and the steamer Helene, 9 days
from Honolulu, all came along. The Bnt-
Jsh ship Cypromene, 57 days from Pisagua,
fhowed off the port, but a tug put a
letter aboard ordering the vessel to the
Columbia River. The British ship Dowan
Hill, 148 days from Newcastle, Eng., came
along during- the afternoon, and the Levi
G. Burgess, 13 days from. Tacoma, wound
up the procession about sundown. Be
sides these vessels quite a number of
coasters came in, so the Merchants' Ex
change was kept busy. J
BEPOBTS OF THE VOYAOES.
Sailed April 28— Br stmr Gleongle, for Vic-
FALMOUTIJ— Arrived May 1— Br ship Glau
cus, hence Jan 9. s •
DELAGOA BAY— Sailed May 1— Ship St
David, for Newcastle," Aus, and Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STDNET, NSW— Arrived May 1-^Stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver, via Honolulu- and Bris
bane. , ; j : . ¦
HONGKONG— Arrlve4 prior to May 1-Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
lokahsma; stmr Moune, from Tacoma, via
Nagasaki, for Suez, etc. . ¦¦ -• - - "V
STA'INCEST. C V-Arrived May 1-Stmr
Heathcrale, from San' Francisco., via Val
paraiso, etc, and proceeded for Hull.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 1— Stmr Oceanic,
from New York.' "" ¦ :
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 1— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived May 1-Stmr St
Louis, from New York. .• ¦
BRISBANE— Sailed April 26-Stmr • Moana,
from Sydney, NSW, etc, for Victoria, 'B C ¦
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed May 1— Stmr' Servta,
for New- York;- stmr. Lake Superior, for Que
bec; both from Liverpool. ' ;
NEW YORK-Salled May 1-Stmr Tentonic,
for Liverpool: stmr Zeland. for Antwerp, via
Cherbourg and Southampton: stmr Menomlnee,
for London; etmr-Ltguriav -tor Genoa and Na
ples. - .
NORFOLK-Sailed May 1-Stmr Eureka, for
Mare Island, Cal.
. KINSALE— Passed May 1— Stmr Phlladel
phian, from New York, for Liverpool
YOKOHAMA— Arrtved April 30— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver, ifor Naga
saki, Shanghai and Hongfcong.
Steamer Movenaents.
NEW BTEAMSHIP. JOHN S. KIMBALL THAT HAS BEEN ADDED $0 THE NOME FLEET. SHE IS NOW BEING
GOT IN READINESS FOR THE. INITIAL- RUN AND WILL TAKE AWAY A BIG CROWD OF GOLD HUNT
ERS. '.- ' l~ ' ' ¦
.LONDON, May 1.— Harry Vardon . gave
a brilliant exhibition of golf on the links
at Ealing to-day; in the first great' pro-,
fessional tournament of the present year.
The other contestants were J. H. Taylor,
Jack White and James Braid. "Vardon was
drawn . with • "White. "Vardon's game; was
magnificent. At the turn he led the field
by .two strokes and he : finished with 79.
Braid won second prize with 78. Taylor's
score was S5 and "White's S8. " V .
In the. afternoon in an exciting four
some of eighteen holes Vardon and White
peat Braid and Taylor by one hole on the
last green. ¦ t ¦¦. --.-.-i
Harry Vardon Wins,
L Batteries— Mercer and Clark; McGlnnlty and
Bresnahan.' -''.V.
'CLEVELAND, May 1.— Cleveland scored four
runs in the first | inning to-day, thereby win
ning the game. Attendance, 1237. . Score :
Clubs— ?'?}i?l- ¦' R- H. E.
Cleveland 6 11 , 1
Milwaukee ...;... ;.., 3 6 2
Batteries— Moore and ' Wood; -Reldy, and
Leahy. ¦ , . . ¦ : '
Clubs- *. . ; R.. H. E:
Washington '. 4 9 5
Baltimore t ., .". 6 ; ; 5 3
•Batteries— Kellum and Sshreckongost;-PIatt
and Powers.
/WASHINGTON. May • l.-^Washlngton to-day
loist its first same of the season. Attendance,
20GQ. Score: .- ¦ .;.-..„;:,
Batteries— Harvey, Patterson and Sullivan;
Y^oger. > Sievers' and McAllister.
PHILADELPHIA,' May 1.— Pitcher Kellum
was baited at will by the locals of the Amer
ican League, while Platfs delivery was a
mystery to Boston. Attendance, 2023. Score:
Clubs— . Jt. H. E.
Boston « - 1 7 . 5
Philadelphia ...................14 19° S
AMERICAN LEAGUE. •
' CHICAGO, May 1.— Both American League
teams were oft In their play to-day, the vU
itors erring the ¦ worst. Attendance, 2J00.
Score: ,-., ¦ ¦.'¦;¦ ' .
Clubs—' •. ' - K. * : H. E.-
Chicago ............:... :.-19 ¦'•• 14 .;... S
Detroit v'--- 9 ¦' 1S '' 2
to I pitch for the Pittsburg National Leagus
team, but in the first inning Chicago made
three runs and he made a wild pitch and
three baaes. on balls, forcing in two -runs.
Chesbro relieved him. Attendance, 2300. Score:
Clubs— - B. H. E.
Pittsburg ....• 3 7 4
Chicago X 8 10 2
Batteries— Waddell, Chesbro, Donahue and
O'Connor; Taylor and Chance. . Umpire—Ems
lie.
• ST LOUIS. May l.-Hahn's curves were too
much for the St. Louis National League team
to fathom to-day and in consequence the vis
itors won an easy victory. Score:
1 Clubs— • R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 8 1
St. Louis -S 2 6
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; Jones and Nlch
olls. Umpire— Dwyer. ,
"\ PHILADELPHIA, May 1.— The home Na
tional League team won its game on the home
ground to-day before its first Eastern trip,
defeating New York by the score of 6 to 1.
Attendance, ,756. Score:' ¦
Clubs— ' , R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 . ,9 1
New York ;..... 1 9 1
Donahue and MeFarland; Taylor and War
ner. Umpire— O' Day. • . '.
BROOKLYN. May 1.— Boston-Brooklyn game
(National) postponed, wet grounds. • "¦
Eastern Baseball.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. x
FITTSRURG, May 1.— Rube Waddell started
ST. LOUIS, May 1.— The netw Fair Asso
ciation formally opelied its spring meet
ing to-day with a fair card. Attendance,
5000. Results: . t .' ' '•' ". .^ ¦
Six and a half furlonss— Sam X^azarus won,
Lady Curzon second, . Laureatea" third. Time,
1:2314. . • : . • '
Five furlongs, two-year-olds— Old Hutch won,
Dave Summers second, Maggie Clopter third.
Time, 1:03. . ' ¦ • "
Five and a half furlongs — Sharp Bird ¦won,
Maude Gonne second. Kindred' third.- Time,
1:08.
Mile and a sixteenth, opening special— Petit
Maitrs won. Wax < Taper second. Dissenter
third.* Time, 1:4S%.
Six furloners — Sarner won. Tenny Belle sec
ond. Alea third. Time, 1:13%. '
Mile and seventy yards, purse— Beana won,
Satin Coat second, Tuskarosa third. Time,
1:47.
NEW YORK, May 1.— Aqueduct summary:
Five furlongs, selling— Equalize won, - Flint
lock second, Fonsoluca third. Time, 1:05.
About seven furlongs, selling— Margravlate
won. Buffoon second. Bondman third. ¦ Time,
1:26.
> Five and a half furlongs, selling—Hultzllo
poctle won. Godfrey second, Judg» Wardell
third. Time, 1:09 1-3. *'¦
Five furlongs, selling— Margie S won, Silver
Chimes second, Laracor third. Time, 1:05 1-5.
About seven furlongs— Magic Light won,
Shoreham second, Tyrshena third. Time, 1:27.
About seven furlongs— Mora Kauta won. All
Saints second, Thoroughbred third. Tltne,
1:28 3-5. . '.-
CINCINNATI. May 1.— Results at Newport:
' Six furlongs. Belling— FOrbush won, Lady
Kent second, Oconee third. Time, 1:19^.
Four furlongs— Stehera won, Andy "WHUams
second. Effect third. Time', :51&»
Mile and a quarter, hurdles— Coney won, Earn
second. . Zeriba third. Time. 2:22.
Five furlongs — Foneda won, Prince Esher
second, Amoroso third. Time. 1:03%.
Six furlongs. Belling— Come Quick won, Bet
tie R second; Tangible third. Time. 1:1854.
. Mile and a sixteenth, . selling— Virgle O.won,
Chub second, Eous third. Time, 1:53W.
CHICAGO, May 1.— The Lakeside track closed
to-day and the new Worth track will open to
morrow. Results: . - ¦ , , • ¦ 1
. Four and a half furlongs— Amote wan, Last
Knight second. Miss Canale third. Time, :56%.
Four furlongs — South Elkhorn won, Haydon
second, Hattie Mitchell third.- Time, :48 1-5.
One mile— Myth won, Irish Jewel second,
Andes third. Time, 1:40 4-5.
Six furlongs— Jake Weber, won. Barney Baal
second. Debride third. Time. 1:16.
Six furlongs— Natural Gas won, Bengal sec
ond, About third. Time. 1:15 4-5. ¦ •
Mile and an eighth, selling'— Jce won, Ben
Chance second, Sunro third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
LOUISVILLE, May 1.— Results I
Four and a half furlongs— Eddie Busch won.
Red-. Hock second, Jordan third. Time, . r»5%.
. Mile and a sixteenth— Lee King won, An
dronicus second. Tekla third. Time, 1:48U.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Miss
Thojney won. Miss Blarney second, Sallie Green
third. Time, :55%.
Mile and a sixteenth Turf Congress Handi
cap—Caviar won. The Unknown second, laobel
third. Time. 1:47^4.
Six furlongs, sellings— Dr. Riddle won, Alex
Pearson second, Sam P. Cochran third. Time,
1:16%.
l Seven furlongs, selling— Edith Q won, Ono
rnastus second, Galalhee third. Time, 1:29.
RACING ON FIVE OF J ; ¦
¦ f THE EASTERN TRACKS
Two sapling stakes and a big opeji stake
will be the programme at Union Park Sat
urday and Sunday. The drawings, which
were held at Pythian Castle last night,
are as follows:
Sapling - stage, eight entries— Reported Ab
sent vs. Morning Dawn; Hothario -ys". Emln
.Bey; Peerless vs. Floranthe; Wild Eclipse vs.
Lady Newark. • ¦*• =• <v
• Second Sapling stake, No. 2— Miss Pye vs.
Resident Agent; Little May vs. Partial Eclipse;,
Total Eoilpse vs. Tame Tralee ; Hilda . Gold
vs. Toronto. . ¦ - " ' - ' - . '. ¦
Open stake, 128 entries— Mamie 'Pleasant vs.
Sliver Cloud; Gold Oar vs. Santonin; Eager
vs. Vixen; Controller vs. Miss Wilson; Homer
Boy vs, Bad Boy; Fine ' Fire vs. Rosle Clalr;
Forest Queen ys. The Chief; Twilight Jr. -vs.
Master Davenport; Lawrence vs. For Glory;
"Wership vs. Rollicking Airs; Palo Alto vs.
Union. Jack; McKinley v». Imperial; Log Boy
vs. Rocker; Royal Union 'vs\ Good Hope; Sir
Van vs. Thelma; Black Head vs. St. . Ives;
Golden Russett vs. Master Rocket; Aeneas vs.
Forest King; Wedgewood vs. John: Doe; E. -G.
W. vs. Roxana; Master Clalr vs. Vandal; Yel
low Kid vs. Rural Artist; War Eagle va.
Belle Rocket; Fine Form vs. Ripple; Tyrone
Prince vs. Bohe ; Random . Aim vs. Mose; The
Grafter vs. Round About; Vagrant vs. Firm
Fellow; Master Workman vs. Forget: Litaera
tor vs. Echo; Ollts. vs. ; Rdha; Caftdelaria vs.
Narcissus; Sir Pasha vs. Motto; Flying Fox
vs. Brutus; Achilles vs. Maggie N; Warpath
vs. America: Honor Bright ,vs. Shadow; Boney
Boy vs. Master ¦ Laurence; Scottish Chief ; vs.
Tapioca;. Black Flush vs. Daisy Clalr; Pleas
ant Girl vs. First Foot; Sir Laurence va. lone;
Game Boy vs. Greenback ; . Flora McDonald
vs.' -White > Hat; . Risky Attempt vs. -Dewdrop;
Harlean Gladys vs. King Cotton: Roman Ath
lete \v«. Castaway; Royal Fashion vs. Jingle
Bells; Auckland vs. Hot; Haste; • Herschel's
Pride vs. Anchor ; Fiery Face « vs. Greyfeld ;
Fontenoy vs. Tom Hurllch; Fashion Plate vs.
Jesiby; Mollie R. vs. Loolna; Banner Brieht
vs. . Thornhlll ; Bannockburn vs. . Greenhall ; Sis
quoc vs. : Granuvilla; Luxor vs. Athena; .Little
Sister vs. Agamemnon ; Bona Fide vs. "Loyal
Lad; Brass Button vs. St. Helen; Sweet Music
vs. Real Article; Chicago Boy vs. Mayflower;
Ireland vs. Charta. - - .-- -
Two Sapling k and an 'Open Event
Make Tip 'the Saturday and
Slinday Card.
In answer to subscriber: The word "go"
does not figure with -the modern starter.
Without the recall flag, when the barrier
Is released it is a start. With the recall
flag, it is no start unlessr the starter drops
his flag.
Johnny Sullivan finds? It so difficult keep
ing- down to weight that he has about con
cluded to give up riding. ¦
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 1.—
Forty-nine blue ribbon thoroughbreds left
THREE STAKES WILL BE
BUN AT UNION PABK
•'Chub" Russell was set down for a week
by , the judges for his rough riding on
Triple Cross. . - . . '
Track Note??.
Sixth race—Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
238J The Buffoon ...107 2208 Mountain Dew.lOS :
(2340)Gusto llJ 2376 Formatus .,,...107
2367 Merops 107 22S9 Rapldo ....,,...107
2156 Jack McCabe..l07 2323 Rio Chlco JOT
(21SS)Imperious 107
f
Probable Winners*
First race—Fierlsta, Matilda O, Catherine
Bravo.
Second race-r-Tomplon, Quadra. Legfato.
Third race—Mamie HUdreth, Screenwell
Pake, Guilder.
Fourth race—Phyllis, Tyrapua, Poncraa.
Fifth race—Prejudice, Hagerdon. Frank Belli •'
Sixth race —The Buffoon, Merops, Gusto,
Fourth race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse. ¦ , : ¦ . .
(2375)PhyIlls US 2328 Porous 118
.... Armado 110 2369 Tyranus * .115
2363 Gerardo .. ...113 Knockings 110
2363 Lady Carlo 110 2232 Sol 115
2369 Eacalante ....... IIS -±
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap*
2379 Dr. Cave 104 2364 Haserdon 104
2371 Prejudice 99 (2371) Rio de Altar.,. 1C8
2372 Frank Bell. ,...110
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling. ' '. t ¦
(2J73)Mam. HUdreth. »6 2374 Barney F .......103
2383 Wallenstein ...100 2344 Screenwll Lake 96
. 2362 Parader 109 2362 MeAlbert 109
23S3 Nilgar 109 2374 Guilder ...109
Second race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds: purse. •
2377 Prestene 107 23S9 F. Atterbury...l07
2375 Legrato .., 105 2363 "Wandering BoylOS
2369 Tompion 1 102 2141 Post B^ll ,.102
2382 Clear 8ky .....102 2363 Quadra ..........107
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old fillies; selling. ¦ ¦
2368 Irate ..117 2350 Matilda O 109
2344 Cath. Bravo....1<» 2344 Merida 109
2373 Bonltary ...,,..108 2349 Elctred 109
2344 Companion ..,.109 2153 Florista 109
Beaten the day before, Wallenstein ap
peared to better advantage in the seven
furlohg run, decided under selling condi
tions. Hlndoonet had been touted as a
walk for this number, but acted sour and
sulky, dropping in a poor third. Wallen
stein, an. 8 to 1 chance, jumped away in
the lead, and because of the rickety hand
ling Ostler Joe received from Enos was
enabled to land by a neck.
Wyoming, winner of the mile and fifty
yard run, was a far better horse than on
Monday," when he finished beyond the
money. "Chub" Russell also guided him
with' more judgment, arriving at the wire
a head in advance of Gauntlet, the favor
ite. Pat Morrissey led for three-quarters
of the distance, when he had enough.
Nothing of late that Flamero has done
would justify the backing he received to
.win the last race, especially as the geld
ing was packing 121 pounds. He went to
the post favorite and ran unplaced. When
Ranseh on Dunfree to all appearnces had
the purse up his sleeve High Hoe, piloted
by Russell, slipped along, getting the de
cision by a head. Hungarian ran out in
the stretch, but for which he might have
won. .
Three or four books handled Wardman
as if the colt. had broken a leg in the
speculation on the mile purse run. Ransch
had the mount, and the three-year-old
after making all the pace led Phil Archi
bald over the mark by three lengths. Dar
lene, the backed one, finished a moderate
third. .;
After knocking at the door on several
occasions in the past. The Gafflr at last
had his number rung up. The Uncas geld
ing, with Bassinger up, was 6 to 1 in the
betting on the first event, a six furlong
sprint for maidens, and won all the way.
Triple Cross finished second but was dis
qualified for swerving, which gave the
place to La Calma and the show to
Scotch.
¦ Of all .the dumps none occasioned more
-surprise than, did the defeat of- Glenden
ningfor the four and a half furlong two
year-old dash by Louwelsea. With St.
Phillipplna out of the way, the former
looked like easy money and fell in for
rugged backing at 9 to 20. Leading to the
paddock, he was there collared and beaten
out almost handily by the'Doble & Co.
entry, superbly rated and ridden by Marty
Bergen. The winner closed at odds of 9
to 2. San Lution ran a fair third.
ern, the dapper Brooklyn boy,
attracted quite as much attention as did
the horses at Oakland track yesterday.
Terry swung a few left-handed "tens" at
the ring, quitting with honors about even,
but the hot ones passed up to Manager
Sam Harris caused frequent references to
Jack Gleason's "dope" book. It happened
to be one of those- afternoons when the
favorites were not at home, Wardman be
ing the only one to put his name down for
a purse. The track was very heavy and
inclined to be holding, which accounted
for the upsets, in a measure." "
LOOKING none the worse for his
awe-inspiring, nerve-racking,
smokeless powder contest with
the "OmahaKid," Terry McGov-
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAND.
; The murder 'was committed early in
the evenlnff, but the body of ' the 1 ' watch
man -.was not found until the" following?
morning, „ He. had been; shot throuerh the
heart. The crime took place inside the
tunnel, where the watchman had- gone to
investigate noises from the interior. He
came suddenly upon the thieves and was
'shot.' . : .' . < '. ';¦ ¦ ,';;
; Under the track in the tunnel there ex
:ists a rich chute of r gold ore and, un
known to the management of the : Socorro
company., miners have been stealing, the
ore for Some time. Although syery., pre
caution was taken by .\ the management
:the stealing- was done"* bo skillfully that
no one. could notice it. ; To get into the
'mine the 'thieves entered at the surface
jworks and* lowered themselves with ropes
for more than a hundred feet.:. >...' *?<
1 The authorities are trying to ascertain
,who murdered the watchman and who are
;the ore .thieves. They '* arrested ten or
twelve individuals and as soon as this was
i known many of the miners disappeared. :
EL. P^SOr^Texas, May L— Great excite
ment prevails/ at the famous Socorro mine
near Moris, Mexico, 'over the discovery of
an organized gang of gold thiews among
the workmen and because of the murder
by the desperadoes of the watchman who
surprised them at their depredations.
i Special Dispatch to The Call.
Workmen at the Famous
Sqcofro Property Accused
' of Crime.
Murder of , a Vigilant
Watchman Reveals
. Conspiracy. ; ,
THIEVES LOOT
A GOLD MINE
HEAVY GOING PLAYS
HAVOC WITH BETTORS
Five Favorites Tarry by the Wayside at Oak
land—Gleridenning Beaten . Cleverly by
Louwelsea— Wyoming Downs Gauntlet
NORTHWEST GALE BRINGS FLEET
OF DEEP WATER VESSELS TO PORT
The Eurasia arid^Dowan Hill Encounter Very Heavy Weather, the
' Liverpool Makes a Splendid Run From Kobe,. Japan; the Sugar
Ships Arrives as a' Fleet and theHelene Gomes for Repairs
AFTERMATH OF
THE BIG FIGHT
McGovern Carries ' the
Honors of Victory in
Easy Fashion.
»
Matches of the Immediate
Future in Which Terry
Figures.
Terry Mcpovern promenaded do-wn
Market street early yesterday morning-
He had on his best clothes, wore his hap
piest smile and gave the glad right that
did the trick to every friend who stopped
him to pour congratulations into his ear.
He was certainly happy and like a boy
out of school made the best of the first
day of his vacation. ¦ - ¦
After the fight on Tuesday evening.
while Manager Sam Harris was busy
counting up the money, Terry and Danny
Dougherty went right to bed like good
little boys. Dougherty is very sore at
heart over the "faux pas of the referee,"
as Joe Humphreys will persist in calling
it, only Joe will have it sound no other
than fox pass. Terry tried to console the
bantam by telling him that he would chal
lenge the referee. Dougherty would waive
that formality by acting for himself if he
got the chance. , ,
Poor Oscar Gardner, the: little old man.
considered the greatest in his class out
side of Terry, drifted about yesterday. A
frank admission of unquestioned defeat
was on his tongue. "I got it and plenty
of it," said Gardner with a sad smile that
reflected his inward feelings. Gardner, as
a salve to his wounds, received $1250 for
his gameness, Terry making $3750 for his
share of the proceedings. Those are the
announced figures of the club. Gardner
floated about town, while Terry crossed
the bay and tried to do a more difficult
thing than defeat Gardner— pick winners.
Last night he and Sam Harris left for
Bakersfield to referee the Trimble fight.
Terry has a fight with Herrera, which
will take place some time this month,
either in Fresno or Bakersfield. He will
rest for a while and then do light train
ing to condition himself.
On Friday Harris promises to give
Frank Erne a decided answer whether or
not he will match McGovern with him.
Erne and Harris will meet then in this
city.
Racing Board Appointed.
The California Associated Cyclists have 3
through their executive officers appointed
a road racing board. The annual relay
race will- occur on the 12th fnst.
The committee is composed of P. G.
Monteare&re. O. C. "W. (chairman), of San
Francisco; Frank Smith, B. C. W., of San
Francisco: L. O. Sill, G. C. W., of San
Jose; L. S. Upaon, C. C. "W., of Sacra
mento; W. R. Hawcroft, R. "W.. of Reno.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THTJBSPAY, MAY 2, 1901.
TO SAIL.
4
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
-•.. . • May 2. • . . ' , *
Tanis Hamburg &; Way.. 10 am Pier ST
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
May 3.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... B pm Pier 2
Fulton Gray* Harbor 5 pm Pier 16
Pomona.. Humboldt ,. 2 pm Pier 9
Corona... Newport 9 am Pier U
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru ,. Valparaiso & Way 13 m Pier 34
May 4.
Arcata Coos Bay ia m Pier 13
Santa Ana.,.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier' 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pin Pier 2
May !3.
Santa Rosa... San Pie«o 11 8m Pier 11
May 0, i
Eureka Humboldt : 9 am Pier 13
Umatilla...;:. Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
North ForJs. .. Humboldt , 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport : 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports Warn Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama tc Way.. 12 m PMSS
Qu»en San Die&o 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata.. Coos Bay .......... May J5
Coronado San Pedro May 2
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro , May 2
Umatilla Puget Bound Ports.'.... May 2
Santa Rosa San' Diego May 2
Point Arena. Point Arena ....: May 2
Argo Coqullle River May 2
North Fork..... Humboldt May 3
Progreao Tacoma ;> ... May 3
Argyll N. Y. via Panama May 3
San Pedro San Pedro '....May 3
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 3
Eurekav Humboldt May 4
Grace Dollar. .. San Pedro iMay 4
Mandalay Coqullle River ' May 4
Washtenaw Tacoma ; m ay 4
Milton Nanaimo May 4
Adato Tacoma May 5
(3. \V. Klder Portland and Astoria. J May 5
Denderah....... Hamburg & Way Ports May 5
Bonita.. ........ Newport May 5
Queen...........' San Diego May 5
Hyades Seattle ; May 6
Pomona.... Humboldt .:....... May 6
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports . May 7
Zealandla Honolulu May 7
Rainier.... Seattle .....May 7
Kvarven.......; Comox .: .-... ;. May 7
Acme.. .-.. Sluslaw River » May 7
Roanoke ... N. -Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 8
Corona JNewport May 8
Sun rises .
Sun sets .
Moon sets
~1 Time"
Date
L W
TTi- 4:41
3,... ,5:15
i ... 5:50
5 ... . 6:26
H W
6 \.. 0:04
7 ... 0:35
%.... 1:15
Time
Ft. — - —
H W|
0.4 11:34
0.1 12:16
.0.0 .1:00
..0.2 1:45
L W
5.6 7:05
5.8 7:4g
5.1 8:30
...•......>. ..4
Time
Ft. Ft.
¦ Ii.W ...¦ ,|
4.6 I 4:20 2.2
4.6 '4:53 '2.5
4.5 5:23 . 2.8
"4.5 6:00 . 3.0
H W
-fl.2 2:30 4.4
—0.1 3:15 4.5
0.0 .4:00 4.6
l':"22"a
iTimel
H W
"10:44
11:09
11:33
,.5:13
..7:01
u m.
i
Ft.
6.6
5.6
5.6
L W
.6:40
. 7:27
8:29
.....
3.2
3.2
8.2
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
-•.. . • May 2. • . . ' , *
Tanis Hamburg &; Way.. 10 am Pier ST
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
May 3.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor .... B pm Pier 2
Fulton Gray* Harbor 5 pm Pier 16
Pomona.. Humboldt ,. 2 pm Pier 9
Corona... Newport 9 am Pier U
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru ,. Valparaiso & Way 13 m Pier 34
May 4.
Arcata Coos Bay ia m Pier 13
Santa Ana.,.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier' 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pin Pier 2
May !3.
Santa Rosa... San Pie«o 11 8m Pier 11
May 0, i
Eureka Humboldt : 9 am Pier 13
Umatilla...;:. Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
North ForJs. .. Humboldt , 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport : 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports Warn Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama tc Way.. 12 m PMSS
Qu»en San Die&o 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata.. Coos Bay .......... May J5
Coronado San Pedro May 2
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro , May 2
Umatilla Puget Bound Ports.'.... May 2
Santa Rosa San' Diego May 2
Point Arena. Point Arena ....: May 2
Argo Coqullle River May 2
North Fork..... Humboldt May 3
Progreao Tacoma ;> ... May 3
Argyll N. Y. via Panama May 3
San Pedro San Pedro '....May 3
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 3
Eurekav Humboldt May 4
Grace Dollar. .. San Pedro iMay 4
Mandalay Coqullle River ' May 4
Washtenaw Tacoma ; m ay 4
Milton Nanaimo May 4
Adato Tacoma May 5
(3. \V. Klder Portland and Astoria. J May 5
Denderah....... Hamburg & Way Ports May 5
Bonita.. ........ Newport May 5
Queen...........' San Diego May 5
Hyades Seattle ; May 6
Pomona.... Humboldt .:....... May 6
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports . May 7
Zealandla Honolulu May 7
Rainier.... Seattle .....May 7
Kvarven.......; Comox .: .-... ;. May 7
Acme.. .-.. Sluslaw River » May 7
Roanoke ... N. -Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 8
Corona JNewport May 8
Sun rises .
Sun sets .
Moon sets
~1 Time"
Date
L W
TTi- 4:41
3,... ,5:15
i ... 5:50
5 ... . 6:26
H W
6 \.. 0:04
7 ... 0:35
%.... 1:15
Time
Ft. — - —
H W|
0.4 11:34
0.1 12:16
.0.0 .1:00
..0.2 1:45
L W
5.6 7:05
5.8 7:4g
5.1 8:30
...•......>. ..4
Time
Ft. Ft.
¦ Ii.W ...¦ ,|
4.6 I 4:20 2.2
4.6 '4:53 '2.5
4.5 5:23 . 2.8
"4.5 6:00 . 3.0
H W
-fl.2 2:30 4.4
—0.1 3:15 4.5
0.0 .4:00 4.6
l':"22"a
iTimel
H W
"10:44
11:09
11:33
,.5:13
..7:01
u m.
i
Ft.
6.6
5.6
5.6
L W
.6:40
. 7:27
8:29
.....
3.2
3.2
8.2
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"QQE& MOTHER
WANT ME?"
_-~ The little fellow
lias blown witii all
§S*¥ 3\ r\ k* 3 strength, and the
jIIIs? x % d( ? wn y tufts sti11
iHk £- 0\ c^ n S *° *k e dande-
/V\*l X A on stem. Accord-
JffmSZ&jnmaSr childhood mother
5^^^^r V v? doe9 not -want him.
fijlgalSJa jj» 3ut mother -would tell
a different story. She
: has noticed the -weak-
_<fffirn\al&£^o ness of the lungs, and
'' m9»sI§&*5^J3 if *k e sat? him now,
fhxshed -with his unusual
effort and struggling to
fli£§|l|| stifle the cough -which
"^St^M followed it, she'd feel
fflggWm h ? w mTI ch she -wanted ,
(mffiV&& Trim, and wanted those
fiSwi V^3 " Tveak. n Iung3 made
- wr7w s^- ron S' that she might
j^F k|.' not lose him.
S JraBhrj!! lungs, obstinate
«^^»k^ rhage, weakness
•• ' and emaciation
there is no medicine so healing and so
strengthening as Dr. Pierce's Golden
I Medical Discovery. It is especially
j valuable for children, building up weak
bodies -with sound, healthy flesh. It is
entirely free from alcohol and narcotics.
"Winter before this, my oldest boy (who la
now nearly five yeara old), had a terrible cough;
he had It the whole winter and all summer,"
¦writes J. M. Farr, Esq.. of Cameron, Screveti
Co., Ga. " Physicians did him no good and noth-
ing my wife and I could do did him any good.
After your 'Discovery' had cured my cough so
quickly, -when everything else failed. I wrote
my -wife to bring: him back from the country,
she having carried him there to s«e if the change
would do him good. We were living in Savan-
nah, Ga., at the time. She brought him back
and after giving him your great ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery • for a time, he entirely recovered."
The Common Sense Medical Adviser
sent free on receipt of stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for paper-bound book, or 31
stamps for cloth bound. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. '
Bicycles! .
The B19 4
In the Cycling World.
CLEVELANDS
;| $35 $40 $50
TRIBUNES
$35 $40 $50
CRESCENTS
$25 $30 $35
SNELLS
$25 $30 $40 $50
A fine assortment at popular prices.
Inspection soliclte'd.
Good allowance for your old bicycle.
LEAVITT & MIX,
309 LarKin Street.
Bargains in second-hand bicycles. Send for list.
l _—
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
$ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
0 -^-tfl-w World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
1 kS) disease posittvrly eared by the oldest T
0 |S fe I Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 years. 9
4 f^S^i DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ inSSl Consultation frea and strictly priyate \
§ I Sff^iB T" 5 *" 11 " 1 personally or by letter. A A
\ I W U Po * itivt CW« in erery case undertaken. V
A V ti 11 A Writt for Book. PHILOSUPHYaf i
; r» II 111 BtRBMGE. MAILED FUSE. ( A. V
A <J /Ir valuable book for mm) \
f DEL JORD.4X <<t CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F f
OR.MEYERS&CO. ,||||%
Specialists. Dl3- &&&
ease and "Weakness «ffij»
or men. . Estab- ZS& **§Efcv*vs£jv
lished 18S1. Consul- Wife ;^7TS>
tat ion and private Vfe l*V Vl
book free, at office I -W^SfJ
or by mall. Cures l?lrliL s?£&4*2ui
guaranteed. 7'.\ 1 i^HiSro?Si
Market street (ele- JCt6mS5*wST. FRANCIS CHURCH PAR
ISHIONERS MAKE MERRY; AT
SHELL MOUND. .
The- members of . California Comman
dery. Society of American Wars, -held
their tnird anrtual banquet Tuesday night
at the Palace Hotel. A new board of offi
cers was elected and installed and several
candidates elected - to czembership.
Society of American "Wars.
The ; Mayday fesftval "and dancing ex
hibition which was ., given ' last nlg-ht at
Odd -Fellows'. , ITa.ll bvUhe pupils of Pro
fessor, Finlay's dancing academv met with
a splendid reception.- The hall 'vas crowtl
ed to, the doorsi,with friends and relatives
ot the ? participants. The programme con
tained thirty-six different numbers : aud
each;number was received with -liberal
errlauser:-:' -'•/,-¦'«'>'.: • :.¦¦-¦- ¦ , '-- ¦" -
"Mayday Festival.
The Board of Education' met yesterday)
and passed the .demand of William Don
man, son "of Director Penman, for legal
services.' Der.man Jr. had presented two
demands of $500 each, but only one was
allowed.; When. the vote was taken Di
rector Denrhan. who has chafed under the
unfavorable criticism resulting from his
son's^exactioh \ of the fee, left the'meet
ing-room and his ' vote was not recorded.
'Superintendent -Webster is - undecided
whether he will sign the demand or not
He will first inquire If the bill was legally
contracted. : The other $509 demand of
Denman for representing P. M. Wellin,
inspector of school repairs, Webster holds
should no,t be paid by the board but by
.WelUn. The board says that Denman has
now been paid in full: for his services,
so his claim has. been cut in half.
SCHOOL BOARD CUTS
" -, DENIIAN FEE IN HALF
Teamsters" Indorse Waiters' Strike.
...The 'Sand Union met Jast
night at 1159 Mission street and by unanU
mous ; vote decided to indorse the action
of the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance.
The v restaurant' troubles were then
brought up. The strike of the waiters was
indorsed and the union by a unanimous
vote decided to Impose a fine of $5 on any
member found patronizing • an "unfair
restaurant." " .
« A number of restaurants closed their
doors yesterday on account of inability
to secure proper help.
Helpers Hold Enthusiastic Meeting.
The meeting of the Boiler-makers and
Iron Ship Builders' Helpers' Union last
night at B'nai B'rith Hall was an enthusi
astic one. Sixty, new members were in
itiated, making a total membership of 290.
J. O. Johnson of the Retail Clerks' Asso
ciation was present and J addressed .. the
meeting on the troubles of the clerks. The
helpers by ajjnanimous vote indorsed the
efforts of the clerks to secure early clo<:injr
hcurs. ,"¦ - ¦ ~ .
majority of people and strikes that ma
jority just where they live, It Is not ex
pected that it will be. of long duration.
The restaurant men have put up a large
amount of money for contingent expenses.
If they finally deckle to close their doors
a large section of the population of the
"tJ'is expected to take arms in defense
of; their boa.rding:-houses or restaurants
Everything so far except the demonstra
tions In front of the boycotted houses has
been harmonious. Members of other
labor unions have expressed their inten
tions. Butchers, bakers and other affili
ated trades are with the waiters and have
given them their moral support The
restaurant men have the support of th*
.houses and dealers that supply them with
provender.
The Walters' Alliance headquarters were
established at 927 Mission street. All day
long a throng of workers reported to the
executive committee, that was continu
ously .in session. Candidates for places
were sworn in by the officers in charge,
and as each one took the oath of allegi
ance to the union, a district was assigned.
.When the; restaurant men met in the
evening, each ; one reported the condition
of aJtairs, but these affairs were not ex
actly pleasant. Fifty waiters obtained
employment at the employment bureau at
12< Mason street. Only three of these
were union men. who, it is said, were
taken back on account of their families.
t, T J1? ?°°£ 3 and waiters met at B'nai
B rith Hall and received reports from all
sections of the city. They expressed great
satisfaction regarding the day's results
and, confidence as to winning the strike.
Beer saloons did a rushing business dur
ing the day,' particularly those places
whore a sandwich, frankfurter or chiie
con came is given with a drink. • There
was some disturbance along the noonday
and evening gastronomic route and union
shops reaped the harvest.
As the strike is one that affects a large !
Both sides concerned In the restaurant
strike aro confident of ' victory. But at
midnight \ trtere was a dearth of places
where meals might be had. A large num
ber of restaurants closed their doors ear
ly in the evening to avoid unnecessary
complications and the post-theater crowd
bought oyster loaves and sandwiches to
take home, instead of sitting down and
enjoying fries, pepper roasts and other
dyspepsia producers. •'.. -^r: i
About 2100 or more waiters are out on
s.trike. During the day. with, solferino col
ored badges, they promenaded in front of
the principal restaurants. There were men
and women, policemen and curiosity seek
ers on the sidewalk. The waitresses were
equally as vociferous as their mc!e com
panions in declaring that this Is an "un
fair house." .
: Nearly every waitress who trod the
street carried in her hands a bunch of
flowers, and the women's piping trebles
contrasted strongly with those of their
male vis-a-vis.
Meetings of proprietors and strikers
were held at different portions of the city.
Curious .Crowds Gather,', About the. Prominent Bating- House-, \Vh Is on the -Street
Man .and Women Urge Persons Not to Patronize th? rbu=e.
WAITERS' STRIKE IS ON WITH MANY COMPLICATIONS
TO BE SETTLED 'TWIXT PROPRIETORS AND HELP
PARISHIONERS of St. Francis
Church to the number of 1500 at
tended the annual outing: and pic
nic of the parish at Shell Mound
Park yesterday. . . "Wholesome
frolic and fun. In keeping with the tradi
tions of Mayday and the brightness of
sunshine following: the storm, was entered
into by old and younjr.
There was the usual long programme of
races — boys' races and girls' races, races
for single men and for married men, for
fat men and for fat women. The fat men's
race with a 200-pound minimum limit was
the kingpin of them all, and ¦when M. J.
Fitzgerald won it with Thomas Hays a
close second the cheers of the spectators
quite drowned the puffing of the contest
ants.
Dancing in the pavilion almost monopo
lized the attention of the young people of
the parish. The spirit of the day's mer
rymaking was typified by a group of
pretty, jolly girls, who formed a set and
danced the lancers by themselves. While
the young men, temporarily banished,,
looked on admiringly/
Jigs and reels and hornpipes were
danced with real old-country finish by
young men and old men, stout women,
and tiny misses of 6 years of age.
The merry-go-rounds, the -swings, th«
bowling alley— all were kept going a dizzy
pace. "¦ i
Late in the afternoon the drawing for
the gate prizes was held In the ->avilion,
holders of almost a hundred lucky num
bers receiving prizes. .
Rev. Father Charles E. O'Neill, pastor
of St. Francis. and his assistants
Rev. Charles McMahon and Rev. William
E. McGough, were Indefatigable In -their
efforts to further the enjoyment of tlielr
parishioners.
" The general committee in charge of the
picnic was as follows:
Jchn J. Duddy, chairman; Anthony Connlch
secretary; P. Connor. Tom Burns, J. HcFad
den, E. T. Ryirn, H. Nealey, P. Flynn, J Kil
commen, T. Burns, C. J. Reilly. W. A. Flynn,
J. Hefferman, Charles O'Donnell. P. McGowan
Mis3 Kelly. Miss K. Foley, Miss 11. Lyons'
-Mrs. Matthews, F. Syme, R. J. Cavanaush, P '
A. Buckley, Peter Thornton, T. J. O'Brien T
B. Cunningham, P. Quirk Jr... M. Quinllvan
M. O'Brien, P. Dolan, F. Grimley, «M. J Dal
ton, P. Brown. J. Lynn, Miss Stevenot. Miss
F. Schago. Mies M. Casey, Mrs. Bartlett. Mrs.
Gibbons, J. Flynn, J. Smith, «x-Senator Fay.
Other committees were as follows:
Reception committee— J. Kltterman, chair
man; P. Thornton, F. Syme. J. Murphy E
Foley. Dr. W. Armstrong. M. Thornton G.
Lansinser, -Jl . Deasaj-, K."" ¦ Moore,' r Thomas
Burns.
Floor, commlttee-P. Quirk. 'floor manager;
E. Llckel, assistant floor manager; S. Sullivan
J. M.- Campodonico. William Flynn, R Glea
son. John Gieason. B. Gleason, J. Smith, M J
Dalton, James Gletson.
Games and races— Thomas Burns ' Rev
Father O'Neill, starters; P. A. Buckley Tim
othy O'Brien, .John McFadden, judges: Dr
Creagh, T. J. O'Brien, W. F. Fitzgerald, P
:• — : , — r
Thornton, W. A. Flynn.
Committee on prizes— W. F. Fitzgerald
Charles Bullottl. Thomas Burns, Miss E. Fo
. ley, .Miss M. Stevenot, Miss F. Schage, Mrs
Gibbons.
In one respect the Beaumont,' Tex., oil field
seems destined to be beneficial to California.
There is no disguising the fact that th» best
interest of . the oil industry"' in this State Is
in the direction of .contracting new develop
ments until the oil marl!:t has had tfme to
adjust Itself to the expanded production. There
'is reason to believe that tke demand will soon
rise to ' meet tlte supply.' and ; the actua) pro
ducers of oil in California ean look with equa
nimity on any condition which wia teave the
industry in this State quiescent until the ad
justment, of the , market ;. has been realized.
There Is now eo great a quantity »f demon
strated land that there will be no question of
the possibility of raising . the , output at any
tiroe^ ' But the temporary condition of the mar
ket calls for a . reduction of developments in
known fields. Meanwhile the wildcatter is at
work spying out fields for -future development
and nothing will or rfconld stay his band for
years to come, as the field for steady develop
meat pf markets is almost boundless. .
1 The Los, v^ngeles Herald looks at the
nresent condition of the oil market In
(California hopefully and says: .
"When.an. oil t well drilling rig recently
leff San Diego oh its way to the Carisso
section- of the desert it was accompanied
to. the/edge of the town by a procession
that Included a brass band. A new com
pany to operate on the desert .has been
organized at San Diego to drill In tlw Sig
nal Mountain country. . ¦ ¦ . r
Enthusiasm in the South,
valuable for agricultural 'purposes. The
find is'theiflrst^on the section. mentioned
since the decision was sent out that oust
ed the scripj>ers. ',
The destiny of oil- as fuel seems to be
that It ¦will supplant coal In several locali
ties. Half a dozen inventors are at work
in thi» State trying to perfect a method
that -will make fuel oil a possibility in
cook stoves and ranges, and this, when
accomplished, will have wide reaching ef
fects not only upon the oil industry of the
coast directly but also an equal reflex ef
fect upon the coal mines. The same gen
eral condition has been wrought in Texas
as In Cdlifornia by the large discoveries
of fuel oil. The annual importation of
coal into Gal veston alone is estimated at
300,000 tens. Four barrels of the Corsicana
oil are estimated to be equal to a ton o
coal that costs $4. The four barrels of oil
can be bought for $1 72. The wholesale
coal business of Texas has already mani
fested symptoms of demoralization, and
each new gusher adds to the certainty
that the new fuel is to be preferred. •
There is no cessation in the incorpora-*
tion of oil companies to do business in
California. Notwithstanding the legisla
tion that was adopted 'at Sacramento at
the last session to persuade the oil men
to make California the basis of their op
erations,* Arizona is doingr a land office
business. in the issuance of articles of in
corporation of oil companies. Of the re
cently formed corporations few are capi
talized up to the million dollar-mark.- The
average figure Is about' $500,000 per com
pany. .The largest total capital authorized
m Arizona for one concern recently was
in the case of the Southern Oil Company,
the capital stock of . which is fixed at
$2,50O,0uo. There is also a recent $2,000,Gw
company, the May Queen Oil Company.
One Texas company beats all records by
fixing its capital stock at $11,000,000.
. VfcTV of Texas Boomars.
The Oil City Derrick figures out as fol
lows what must be done that a $1,000,000
Texas company -may make an income:
If Texas oil brins3 20 cents a barrel, when
the field is further developed, this lease will
have . to produce 5.0C0.C0O barrels of oil to pay
back its original capital. If ten wells are
drilled en the lease, each well will have to
make 500,000 barrels of oil to realize the ex
pectation of the company's shareholders. Now
the Bradford field was one of the richest ever
struck In the United States. Some of the best
territory- in that section sold at WOO an acre
in fee when certain to produce oil In paying
quantities, and JltCO an acre was regarded as
an extravagant price for the very best the
field afforded. Large quantities of territory
-changed hands at $U'O an acre and an eighth
royalty. -If ' the people delight In being hum
buesed, they can find abundant satisfaction in
the purchase of stock in Beaumont oil com
panies. ' It is issued, in unlimited quantities,
and there Is no danger but that there will
be enough to , go ¦ around. . Of course, some
basis must be had for the extravagant claims
of the pushing promoters of these stock com
panies, and Ueaumont can be relied on to fur
,nlEh a full-sized sensation ever so often that
is bound ..to keep things booming. There are.
half a" dozen or more gushers now in the Beau
mont field, . any one of . which is sufficient to
more than supply twice as much of the crude
product as the Southwest will need for a long
time. to ccme. \
A significant find has been made on sec
tion 30, 2S, 23,- in the Kern River field,
which section was claimed by the scrip
pern. The report is that twenty-eight feet
of oil sand, has been encountered, - which
ndicates how much of fact there was in
he scripper claim that the land was most
List of Concerns in the
Fields of the State
Lengthens.
OIL COMPANIES
STILL FORMING
MAYDAY HAS MUCH OF MERRYMAKING
FOR PARISHIONERS OF ST. FRANCIS'
Annual Outing and Picnic at Shell Mound Park Is Marked by Pleas^
ant Features in Keeping With the Traditions of the Season:
Games, Dancing and Old Country Jigs Furnish Amusement
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,; MAT 2, 1901^
5
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
T"Jni ¦•¦»*• und «« «. .!•<«. lo «rrlv« mt
WAX ritANCINCW.
(Uain Line, Foot of Market Street)
Matb — From At ait 23. 1901. - abriti
7 «3o a Benicdk, Eiiieau, Elmin. Tae&TlIle,
Ramsey and bacranieuta 7<S3p
?>8Ua DaTis, VVoiKiimd, Kuighte L*ndtcg, .
iV.aryef il.f, Orotille 7t55r
?:30a Atlautic hxi'resf— (^£den and Kast 12:33r
* : 0 o a M arti ne/., Sau IE ainou, Valiejo. Xapa,
Calisto^a and Hauta llatn. KtSSr
SHt<(A Litcnunvo, Btockton. IlkLford, Vi=».
lia.lonenllle 4:2-ir
8:0<» a Kilcr. lAthrop, Merced, Fretuu, E*.
kirsfield ; «i3Sr
6:3«a 8h»fU Expreu— DaTin, M r iUi>ms(for
Bartlett Springs). WlUuns, lied
Bltifl. PorOand. 7:83;
•<*»« San Juse, J.ivennorr, 8tockton,
lone, tiaorametito. PliccrTille.
lltir}«»ill«. Cblco, Ite.l ltlnff 4:23r
•:SOi Oakdalp, Chiaese (Yosemite), So-
nora. Carters 4:93*
f>:O«A tUywart!*. Ni!rc aud V.'oj 8tati«n«. I 1 :33a
V:u«a Lew Anpele* Zrvttsx — Mortii t-r, • - .
Tracy, Latlircp, c-tocktou, ili-icrj
Fresno and Let Ancu'-es 7:33a
9:X«a Vulltjn, Martinez ana \V*j Station* Jl:5»r
1O:VU A Tbe OcerUud Utniled-OgdoD, Den-
ver, Omaha. Cbicsgn 6itt5r
tl:«*pfUer<untnitn IMicr S!»m«i> f»:n»A
S:3op lUywardx. XH*-n and Way ISUtl^ns. T:53f
2 :a«»r Tort Costa, J-Iarthuz Latbrop, Jter-
ced ; IkrercU ( Yoscmlie), 1 nst.o.. "i :23r
•£i«H> Krulcia, Wiun-rs, Hkcrainciito,
Woutlland, Iwiiicbtt l.kudlng,
Miirj-srillr. Oroiill.. IO:03a
. «iC«p M.rllnw. Kau IUmioi.. Taliejo.
Nn|m. IfaUatne*. Natita ll..»» *t9SA
<:00p Nile?, Llvcmiore, Stockton. Ixxti... 1053a
4iS«f H*ywird8. MIci t-an.li.ee, LiT«rtuore (S:55a
O:«or Tiie O«l Limited-Tracy, Stockton,
ficeiio, Bakerefield. haiigim for
Santa Uarbara. !*• Ancelea 8:35 4
BHtOp Harvard*. Kilesaud Han Jose ?>5Sa
t«tO«i' Vallejo 1 1:334
ttiOUi-OricnUl Mail-Og<leu, Cbeyenne.
Omalia, Chicago 12:23p
OiOOp Orierttal Mail-Osden, Decrer.
Uraaua. Ckicafro 4i23r
• •-»»f Oregon aud California l.ipref-, is Rc .
riunento. Mitrjnrlllr, Jte<l<1ln((,
foitlun,!, I'lifrl rjiiuml hikI r:«sl 8l99i :
StOSrEcn r»b!o. l'ort Co»U, Martlaei
and Way SUUous 1I>5Sa
tW;O»p Tall-Jo ?:3.>p
COAST LINE (NarroiT <Jan R e).
(Foot of Murket Stree>.> ;
I'.ii^A SaaU Crcx Excunloa to cianta Cnu
and Principal M'ty Statkn* J5.-05F
•iISa Nen-ark.Onu-rTille.rjaii.lcue, I'fltnii,'
BoulderCreek.8antaUnizauil Way
Htetlone 3:3«r
t3t!0r Keirark, CenteTTil>, fcian Jose, New
Altuaden, Feiton, Itoui.'or Creek,
Bauta Cruz aud. 1'riDclpt.l Way
Statfous flOi.TOA
««JttP Newark, Sau Jose, Lxm Gatos { •|«:»"u
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtasu ratKCisco — r«»t «r K«r««t strut (slip 8>—
f 7:16 9.00 if :00a.m. 1:09 3.03 5:I5r.w.
fr»01IUXS— r«(t o(£rMd*«T.— |n:00 £c!:0O t8.-0i
10:00 A.M. 12:C0 2.C3 .i:Mr.M. ' »¦--
COAST LINE (Uroa.l Cdiige).
(Third md TownsetKl Sta.)
«i:l«A .South l>*ll i-'ranciocc. Palo AltO.... «s3«F
4G:(3a San ,l(i!f»ii.! W 11 j • St.tt.ii.im I:3O»
{?:»«? Suod*r Excuirion for Esn Jcie.
Facts Cruz. Psciuc Grore and
PilEdpil Way Btitions..... _....... 18:39*
9-.ii.'AhH,t .I..*.., Trra Vhtt». Halitat^ur,
r«a«e (irorr, talin«a San Lui;
Ob'spo aud Prirjcii'&i intermedimta
HtaOatm 4llOw
1O:S*A San Jr.se and Way Stations- 7iS»f
/:«>:Ki.A Keir Aluiatiei / 5:3»J
1 1:3d a hail .lose ami Way .SUllon* SiUUr
12:<&r Ban Matn>. Ilnlwood. Mmlo Park,
I'alo Alto. diautaCiuxa, «»n .lose.
Tres Piuos, Hanta C'r.ir, Salinas.
Monterey and I'acitir (Jrore 110:434
a-.aor fian.loseaud Way Btallotis 6:S«U
U:l »!• Sau Joeeand Principal Way Station! U :43a
fS:OOr San Jose, Im Gates and Principal
Way Stations f»:COA
.1:3"p San .lose an-J I'rincipal Wij Ktatlons . H:SO»
«:I5p Xew Orleans Erprets, S«n Jose, . rf .'
Sactt Barbar*. Lou Angeles, D m-
log. El Psm, Sew Orleaup ind Ei «t 7:1 Oa
6:1 Si- Del Konte, Jloiiterej. Pacific Grove.
Loo pjc IO:S3p
6:3«r Bat Jt»eaii<t TVaySUtimia i 1«:««'a
«ll:45p Sau .luseau.1 Way St.tions.. ¦¦..... 7:U0r
A for il online. P for Afternoon.
t Kunday excepted. 1 only.
% Saturday on!y, J Tuesdavg aud Friday*.
CALIFOMIi KORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
' 8sm Frsnelaco to San. Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
;:30, S:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 r>- m.
ECXDATS- S:00. S:30. 11:CO a. m.; 1:20. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 l>. m.
8aa Rafael t* Bam Franclso*.
TfEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:S0. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
S:40. S:15 p.. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and C:3o i>. ra.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3;40,
F.:C3. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Fsn Francisco. [April 2S. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Tleek I Sun- I I Sun- j Week
L»ays. I days. [ Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 ami 6:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pnjl 8:30 am] Petaluma- 6:05 pm 10:25 am
E:10 pml 5:00 pm| Banta Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
* "~ Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor, 1 10:25 am
5:00 pm Ilealdsburff, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
S:!0 pin S:00am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am j 10:25 am
3:30 pml £:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am! J 110:40 am 10:25 am
I ?:(*) amf Guerneville. j 7:35 pm
3:30 pml 5:00 pml 1 6:20 pm
7-30 am S:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 5:40 am
and I
1 :10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:C5 pm 6:20 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pm[ Sevastopol. I *j35 pm| 6:20 pm
Ptag-es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprinps and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyeervllle for Skagps Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyvJlIe. Carln-
ljad SprinK3. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Fprings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s, Bucknells.
Kanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Oifs^Hot
Springs. Mendocfno City. Fort Bragg. West-
l>ort, fsa!, Willits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka-
Paturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
fluoed rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevend San Rafa*>l at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market Street. Chronicle
Buildlnc.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Saasallto Fen j— Foot or Market Si.
Leave u« run. anmvc'sAN ir«»n.'
?^* "¦) WEEK DAYS..... J fijgE'E
f.-OOA. M.S f 12:15 P. M.
£'.-00 a.m. , • I 1:15 P. M.
10:00 a. m. ! envnAvq ) 350 p.m.
11:30 a. x. (""•- SUNDAYS....... < 4 . M p>
l::i0p. ai. I j H.50 P. M.
2^0 p. m. J - (. 7 JO p. m.
Fa". 61a Fr«nd rep to Summit is4 R'tun., $1.40 '
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SausalUo Perry.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-Solrent" dissolves Stricture Il&e snow b*.
aeath tbe eun, reduces Knlarged Prostate >n<
itren^tbcns the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains sjm
Emlsstcns In Fifteen Days*.
No dmes to ruin the stomach, but • direct !oc«l
and positire application to tbe enti re uret bral tnci
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid, lt Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and Heiio:»
tad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricturo.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Ann., Box KM, Cincinnati. O.. ha*
prepared at irrent expense an exhanst- |>f|f>p|
fve Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
«y*tem, which tb«ur wlU sead to any | fl 1 L I
tnnle applicant, ¦ ¦Bfctol
31. JA31L3 A33n., Cincinnati! Ohla.
' Are vou a loser on OIL?
Then you must have got in wrong.
>Iy clients get in RIGHT.
" YOU CAN, too, if you deal, through
ME.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON, '
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
5S7, 5SS, 5S9, 550 PARROTT BDC, G.V.
W. W. MONTAGUE '& CO.,
MANTJPACTURB
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATIOX. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MIXES.
TANKS
FOR OIL, FOR WATER. FOR CTAJflDB
PLANTS.
BAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
COMPANIES.
California , Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset. 80 acrea McKlttrlck. 320 acrca
In Ccallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus famished on application to E. DSN- I
ICKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldir. 8. T.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RTVER DISTRICT— Well
No. l: pumping over 600 barrels dailv. rate<l
the "KinK" well of the district. No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 share*
left at SO cents. Order by mail. 75 centa
after April 10. 303 Parrott building. S.,F.
investors' Assured Stock
. la a company owning producing welL
ICc Per Share.
Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Batldtnc.
KAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLET Oli.
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where tm finest lubri-
cating oil in California is found;, stock at 29
cents: prospectus furnished. 670 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AUD DEVELOPMENT CD.
1889 ACRES IN 11OKTERET COUNTT.
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at lie per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OLSEN.
Secretary. 574 Parrott building. San' FTancUoo.
SAN JDSE OIL EXCHANGE ££r ln o?\
ands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. E. C. ROD-
WICK. Manager; telephone Main 147; 28 N.
First St.. San Jose, Cal.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKittrick District. ad-
Joining large producing wells.. Small block of
itoek for sale.- Prospectus and information fur- .
Dished at - room COS Safs Deposit Building. 3S3
Montgomery St.
THE WELLINGTON
CP SUNSET— PKOVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 440 acres. * Are drilling. Some stock
Is telng sold at 50c per share. Information aa.i
prcspectus furnished en application. No. t,
Sec&cd Floor. Mills nuildlns. Saa Francisco.
SAILWAY TBAVEL.
il ¦ ¦ ,.,. ¦, 1
Delighted With
- I came over the Burlington two years ago and
; was delighted with the route. . As my parents ex-
I pect to visit southern California the coming
I November, I would be pleased for them to come .
the same way. Please send them information.
E. J. Brown, Chula Vista, Cal.
ftlMiii —mi iff ""*k c Burlington Overland Excursions leave San Francisco Tuesday*
liMrfi^M^MFi * nc * Thursdays — Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago—
S^pjM^Jl EVERYWHERE East. Tickets and berths at—
IjtffeiilMptjIlili Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
Lfefea&iai^iifiiji^l W. D. Sanborn, General Agent San Francisco
¦^^_j_^ -^^ «-^ - ADVERTISEMENTS.
:§Sm $3.5£) Shoes 'Ipm
¦IJIIlLjJIfll re now aI^ the ra£re becoming more popu- fN^,_i| i
Because they are as srood and a^ stylish as any
' jA^' $5-oo shoe sold elsearhere. YOUR MONEY /gSK
BACK if not as represented. JgSar&FK
Styles and Kinds for Men
3jm' ¦' an 4 Women. Imk
W THIS WEEK H
Tfe will close out 300 pairs Ladles' fine Vicl Kid Lae« I$Bri&~-§l
WW men', fine Calf, Vlci Kid t Th K^
S?§9' and Box Calf Lace Shoes edges, latest style, coin KtNRLt
-fiw (i . . ' toe and patent leather RfciS/
&& with genuine welted tip or kid tip. on sal-» gT-y
S®? -¦-. V sewed soles, stitched this week at «2.5O
¦- - --^o. ' '¦• »dw. i, f ,, t _»,.i- .«,_ Ladles" fine .Vld .Kid. cloth '/5v
edges, latest stjle, coin top. - lace, new coin toe /sg&k
A/>%i\ toe, a regular J3 50- value, . and patent leather tip. /t£f3i£i
g wa •¦- ¦ -•• •> ¦ '¦- • hand-turned soles, this yHVaSSm
J25SJ&TJI. ?oing this week at. f2^O week.at .f2^>O fnKSmffi-flR-jr
'J$£Stt$&k ' We have a full line of Laird, Schober & Co.'s <^^fl^-^
'x& ift&&Vh d . ies ''" Misses> and Children's Fine Shoes. , l^gP 7 '.
M8^« WE HAVE N0 BRANCH STpRES. Wll
'>M NOLAN BROS., W
OlL'oA irlAKIVCl olftCCi.
*|Mi w^i -store Closes at o p. m. Saturdays at n p. m. &&*£?]{
. W lust a little better i
. 9 than any other train I
\ I —a little better service- |
R a more homelike - M
S feeling on the. ';
I ¦ I
\ ' than you find elsewhere, ]
. and it runs like this |
LEAVES SAW FRANCiSCO '
9 ta f 'on Tue: Wfid Thur Fri Sat Sun I
ARRIVES CHICAC3
2.15 tm Thur Fri Sat Sun fiSsn Tucs Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
\-,0N THE |
\\CHICACO I
in LESS than
THREE DAYS
. San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific .
& North-lVesfern Line
T"\OWBLE Dra-xing-7(pom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
-*S Cars, with larbir. Dining Cars—
meals a li cart*. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every tceek from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Tht best of everything.
R. IT- RITCHIE
617 Karket St. General Agent Pacific Cbtut
Palace. Hotel SA2T rRAA'CISCO
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Mftrk»t-Stre<t Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd j Local
Dally. JJally. Dally. Dally.
Lt. Ean Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:29 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlealla.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
¦ •• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a .....
" Bk?field 6:60 p 6:23 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a t ;
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning'. . p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California; Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars aud Dlnfntr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Eakersfield for accommodation of local
fir^t-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on thin train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:33 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and"
free Reclining Chelr Car, also Palac-
Eleeper. which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
Eponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre"
epor.dlr.K train arrives 3t 8:40 a. m. daily
Offlces — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot Ean Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland.
KORTH PAGIFIG COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
' : ¦* • Commencing April 28, 190L. ' /
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦ n^**'*'X
•WEEK DAYS— 0:55, S:SO, *9:30, 11:00 a m
12:45. *l:45. 3:J5, 4:15, 5:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and *San
Rafael on. Mondays, V.'edncsdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at S:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :C0. 8:00, *9:00. •10:00, 11:00, H-30
a. m., 12:45, *1:3C, 2:20, '3:45, 5:00, C:00, 7:30 p. m
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin. -r .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35 10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20, 4:40, 5:39 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »S:CO. 9:45, •11:00 a. m., *12
m., 1:00. 2:15, »3:30, 4:30, •5:45," 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qtjontin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO'
WEEK DATS- 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10-30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:50. 6:J0. 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00, 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12-15
1:50, 2:30. 3:45. 5:C0. 6:15. 7:J5. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta*-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 « a » m- Sunda y»— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
WOl^MJPTURE; OBREB
f< "" T£ M DOLLARS.
fWd i ¦^S^SSIfltX^V^'- Thousands have been cured
r^T^^r 1^*^^ a t their own homes lor liiis
Vr*^^?«l^^^0 * mn - n prl(-e - Greatest ln-
W^#:,i!|P>4%#y ventionof the Ace. *ec:ir-
¦> < .>v,?:s's^>^ ity and comfort to tlierui>-
SS«»i-.-F-=J tured. No worthies* f.iIvps
or lotions to rub on. Itdoea
'•I(oo:in\o. i» piTiaff frill information lnaiied',"nmedl-
dtely on re<>>-ipt ie. t«nij> h.t>a ••¦i« )l .(i T t. (; a n oraddrers
MACBETIC T80SS 2OO Post St. c *« F8AKCISC0.
al)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKXY ST.- Established
in 1S54 for the treatment of l>rivHtn
Dixeases. I-ost Manhood. Debility or
dlwas<» wenrlngnn hody and mind and •
Skin Dise.-ises. The Doctor cures ivlit n
others /all.- Tryhlm. Charges low.
<'urr«c:iinmiilre<l. CnllorwrJta
l>r. J. F. OIBBOK. Ban Frauclsco, CaL •
Li^— ¦¦^iMii'i" irriiiTfi li MiaiiiiliiaBiiimi— in ¦— n iniiiiiiiJnniM^l
¦, . . ¦ \ ' : ... ¦ - -¦ •- ,
1 Is pronounced by those ffi fi "p^ <^*y \
I who have used it to be "the / -^ \J
I perfect food beverage." I
I 54% choice California VCOFFEE^
I figs and prunes, scientific-
I ally blended with 46% well IBBI^ .;'
1 "ripened grain makes a drink that has. all the
i ll *^ n "Nii^ satisfying qualities of coffee ¦.
a yt. °/ and tea and; none of their
W ' ¦ — ¦¦•?> \ disadvantages. j
|[ fruit 1
m, yd J^ C \ / I ' Boil from ,5, to 10 minutes only
i\ M* C_M •/ Q E '¦ ALL GROCERS SELLRussia claims that in seizing Manchuria she has no
ether object than that of providing a bulwark against
the possibility of a yellow invasion of Europe, but to
?n observer from this distance.it looks more like
opening a way by which the Chinaman can ¦ move
westward over the* Russian railways and get into
Europe with comparatively little 'trouble,.
SENATORIAL DEBATE.
AT. a meeting of the Massachusetts Board . of
Trade last week Senator Hoar made an ad
dress which, if correctly reported in the sum
mary given in our Boston exchanges, was not alto
gether fair to the West. The theme of the speech
was "Senatorial Debate," and the "argument was to
the effect that some system should be provided- for
putting an end to prolonged discussion. In that con
clusion the country generally will .agree/ but; in
making his argument the Senator is reported to' have
charged Western Senators with interfering with the
progress of business by excessive speaking. One re^
port says: "He alluded to the fact that some eight
or ten new. States had recently been admitted which
are inferior in wealth, importance and intellect to a
single Massachusetts ccivnty. They- had sent men to
Congress to represent them who are undesirable and
unfit, and yet their votes count."
It would be easy to pick out certain Senators from
the West whose course in Congress affords some
ground for Senator : Hoar's statement, but nothing
like a sufficient number of such Senators can be found
to justify his sweeping condemnation of "eight or
ten Western States." It is known that Carter of
Montana talked the rive- and harbor bill to death, and
that the election of Clark to the Senate is in no way
creditable either to the Senate or to the State that
sends him there. When all such^facts are conceded,
however, ahere remain good grounds for objecting
to. the Senator's statements.
It is not from the West only that long-winded talk
eis enter the Senate. Hoar is, himself a long debateY
when he gets started. His speech on the administra
tion policy, in the Philippines contains something like
56,000 words. Morgan of Alabama is hot a Western
man, but he also is, about as much of a talker as any
one in the Senate. Furthermore, there have been and
are now in the Senate members from Eastern States
whose elections, if not, so. gaudy, as that of Clark of
Montana, are none the less suspected of having been'
worked out by the same methods.
-There may be States in the West that are not so
rich as -that county of Massachusetts which contains
the city of Boston, but there is not one of them that
is not equally important, equally endowed with in-,
tellectual capacity to^ look after its own affairs, and
just as much^entitled to representation in the" Sen
ate, as the whole of.. Massachusetts. Senator. Hoar
should" not. make speeches at Board of Trade •meet
i.igs. They are evidem.'v too exciting for him/and
lit, talks about too mnny things 'tliat ain't so! .
• : Several Eastern capitalists who want to supply this
city with .water have asked Mayor Phelanif the city is
serious in its expressed desire to own. its own water
supply. This is a fairly good indication 'that some East
ern : people do- not yet know his Highness the! Mayor
'orare striving to pose' as wits.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
-Mrs. Farmer— Git out o' here or I'll put
a load o' buckshot in ye!
Chilly Nytes— Ah, mum! It's seen a re
lief ter find a lady w*ot kin talk suthin'
besides dress, golf ¦ or automobiling.—
Judge. ¦ . ¦
Mrs. Schermerhorn (at piano recital, re
proachfully)—Mortimer, you actually look
as though you were sorry you paid $5 to
hear Professor, Clawer play! #
Mr. Schermerhorn (bored)— I' am. In
stead of exclaiming "Bravo! Bravo!" I
feel like crying, "Stop, .thief!" — Brooklyn
Pagle.-
"Don't pick a quarrel with him. He'8 a
bad man as well as a Senator. He'd as
soon fight as eat."
•'Did he ever fight anybody?" ¦• ".'^
"Not exactly. But he slapped a young
woman real hard only a day or two ago "
—Daily States. ¦
"What's de matter?" asked Plodding
Pete."
. "Nightmare," answered Meandering
Mike, rubbing his eyes. "I fought some
body handed me a million dollars."
"An' you was kickin'?"
• "Pete, did you ever try to count a mil
lion dollars? De work is somethin' fear
ful!"—Washington Star.
Belle— You'll get a proposal soon from
Mr. Fisher, or I'm mistaken.
Nell (who has freckles)— "What! Mr
Fisher of the Walton Angling Club?
Belle— Yes; he told me his specialty was
catching speckled beauties.— Philadelphia
Record. .
"So taught your wif a to play
"Yes, that was an excellent Idea of
mine! Last month I. won back from her
about one-quarter of my salary."— Flle
gende Blaetter.
"You can't buy happiness," remarked
the bachelor.
"Tut, tut!" said the married man
"What's the matter with spring bon
nets?"—Philadelphia Record.
Hodklnson — Splitter's - automobile Is
something of a novelty, is it not? It
seems to be made in two separate parts
>,^^STPfr you" 1 ™ 8 1 have seen it since
he divided it with a lamp-post.— Harper's
Bazar. . - *
"I'ver'just found out how J. Fiernont
Morgan must have proposed to his wife '*
"How?"
"He probably said, 'DarHngr. will v O u ;
& U^-" > ', o « sel L in my 1 "-Chicago
Recford-Herald. . . ¦>¦«*«¦>«
"I suppose you enjoy these flippant
flings that you see in . the newspapers
about (Easter bonnets," she remarked in
a- tone of gentle forbearance.
"No, I don't," answered Mr. Sirius Bar
ker. . "I don't enjoy anything that brines
up the subject."-\Vashington. Star.
A pupil in the juvenile department as
tonished his teacher recently by deacrib
Ing a circle as "a straight line that's
crooked all the way round."— Chicago
.News.' v •
; Hoax— That friend of yours .who writes
paragraphs' for the Howler is what you
might call a "dry humorist," isn't he?
Joax— Yes. He's pumped out.— Ohio State
Journal. .. .;¦.¦,"..¦.».•,¦-.,
"The idea! Wr-at's this?" exclaimed the
man who was idly skimming the fashion
page.
"What's what?" inquired the other. *
¦ "It says here .'Leghorns will be much
used this summer.' I've heard of a shoe
horn, but a leghorn's new. to me. I sup
pose tight trousers are responsible for it."
—Philadelphia Press.
.......
A BOOM FOR OLNEY.
HILL of New York and Johnson of Ohio arc
not to have the track to themselves in the
great Democratic race for the Presidential
nomination. In Massachusetts a movement has
been started to get a piace for Olney, and there are
sanguine men in Boston who believe that, despite the
advanced age of their favorite, he can beat the other
two and win out in the national convention.
According to his friends Mr. Olney is by all odds
the strongest Democrat in sight. Among the points
they cite as evidences of his availability are his posi
tion in favor of tariff reform and sound money, his
support of Bryan. during the last campaign on the
so-called issue of imperialism, and the ability with
which he conducted the foreign affairs of the Gov
ernment when holding the office of Secretary of State.
It is asserted his record on the money question will
bring back to the party ranks all the conservatives
who bolted the Chicago platform, that his later sup
port of Bryan will win the radicals and Populists, and
that his summary action in bringing Great Britain to
consent to arbitrate tha Venezuelan controversy will
rally to him all the jingoes; so that if he will announce
himself now as a candidate popular sentiment in his
favor will grow so fast that by the time the Presi
dential convention meets there will be' nothing for the
delegates to do but to ratify the choice of the people
and nominate Olney bv acclamation.
A claim- of that kind looks fairly well on paper,
but it is safe to say if the boom ever gets well started
George Fred Williams, who has attained something
like a dictatorship of Massachusetts' Democracy un
der the Bryan regime, will proceed* to dissipate it.
Williams can have no Presidential aspirations for
himself, but he has .1 hearty desire to continue boss
cf the party. in his State, and he is not going to sit
around idle and let the conservative reorganizers get
control of everything that is left of the machine after
the wreck of last year. :
In the meantime Bryan himself is not watching the
fight with any considerable amount of philosophy. He
has indeed announced that he is not a candidate for
lenomination, brut the announcement was made in a
manner which implies that retirement means for him
more of bitterness than of sweet repose. In. a re
cent number of the Commoner he said: "The reor
gani*ers seem to be more concerned about winning
than they are about the platform. In view of the fact
that they suffered a : crtishing defeat the last time they
controlled a Congressional campaign and secured less
than 40 per cent of th2 votes in St. Louis at the re
cent city election, it might be well for them, to con
sider the suggestion made by a Baltimore Democrat.
He says that, if winning is the only thing to be con
sidered, our party might make victory certain by in
dorsing the Republican ticket in the next campaign.
If principles are immaterial, this plan ought to be ac
ceptable to the so-called 'conservative' element. It
would also have been advantageous in avoiding the:
'excitement' ..which the 'business interests'^com
plain of." ¦
It will be seen there is danger ahead for the Olney.;
WE might be warranted in concluding that
there is" an element of prejudice in the advo
cates of municipal ownership of public ser
vice industries. The n:ain argument for municipal
ownership of a water supply is its greater cheapness
to the ratepayer. To stimulate inquiry and convey
some information that seemed to be needed we called
attention to the power of a municipality to compel
the purification of a corporate water supply so as to
render it fit and safe for potable use at all times, and
showed that in the case of five of our largest cities
which own their water works the supply is . non
potable and so dangerous that the ratepayers pe
riodically resort to other sources, at considerable ex
pense, for their supply cf drinking water. Of course
such a condition means that the usual inadequacy of
public administration of purely business affairs is pro
jected into the administration of a water supply. The
people, who are the municipality, are quick to use
their power to compel n private corporation to spend
all the money necessary to purify its water supply.
But the representatives of the people, their Mayor and
Council, mindful of the advantage to a politician of a
record for economy, are slow to impose taxes for the
purification of a municipal water supply. How slow,
or how inefficient, let the long, experience of Chicago,
Philadelphia, New York and other cities testify.
Now all this seems to us a most reasonable state
ment of facts that are within the knowledge of all in
telligent observers, but here comes the Oakland En
quirer saying: ' ¦
"The San Francisco Call, which has been arguing
that municipal water supplies are unwholesome, be
cause people do not hold city governments up to the
same standard which they exact of private corpora
tions, is respectfully invited to consider the case of
New Haven, which is the latest one to attract gen
eral attention. New Haven is one of the few remain
ipg cities of its class which does not own its water
works, and on account of the impure water supplied
by a corporation there has just been a very serious
epidemic of typhoid fever. Four hundred cases *bf
the "disease have been reported, and the manner in
which the germs found their way into the pipes has
been established. The pretense that private water sup
plies are better than public ones is preposterous."
The condition of the water of. New Haven, being
as bad as that of some cities under municipal owner
ship, will not wait as long for correction because the
people of New Haven can compel the corporation
owning the supply to purify it without waiting to
overcome the inertia cf government. The mere fact
of ownership does not make water-good nor bad, nor
do we know of any orte who pretends that it does.
Bn* the' fact remains that the power to compel a cor
porate supply to be made good is everywhere stronger
than the power to purity a municipal supply. The
brightest minds enlisted on the. side of municipal
ownership freely concede" this and declare that such
ownership must uplift and reform municipal govern
ment throughout, or it will be a dangerous experi
ment. We are not aware that such ownership an(J the
uplifting and refinement pf municipal government
have been in active partnership in Chicago, Philadel
phia, New York or even Boston. An individual is
often made a better «'i3n and strongerTjy increasing
his responsibilities, but we arc not sure that it is so
with government. Perhaps that is why all students
of the science of gov-rmrent agree that the fewer the
things trusted to government to do the better for the
governed. •
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
TO COKRESPONDKNTS.— Answers to qn«rt«»
sent to tlito department are sent In a« noon, aa
obtained and they appear in print in the order
that th«y are turned in, as space will permit.
Questions are easily asked, but answers ar»
not easily obtained in erery instance, so if
correspondents do not see the answer two or
three days after they send tn the query they
should not feel disappointed.
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE— O. E. O., San
Mateo, Cal. From a numismatic stand
point a $5 piece of 1835 does not command
a premium.
SURFACE OF A SPHERB-L. A.. City.
To find the surface of a sphere or globe
multiply the square of the diameter by
3.1416 and the product will be the convex
superficies.
PARK MUSEUM— C. L. Coates, Anan
da, Cal. C. P. "Whitcomb is the curator of
the museum in Golden Gate Park. Charles
A. Keeler is the director of the museum of
the Academy of Sciences.
DISTANCE— J. A. K.. City.* The dis
tance from the ferry, along the north side
of Market street, to Golden Gate avenue
and out the avenue to Deviaadero street,
is 14.40Q feet, or a little less than two and
three-quarters miles.
STONE MASONS— E. G., Chicakasaka,
I. T. The pay of stone masons is J3 a (Jay
in San Francisco, sandstone cutters $4 a
day and stone carvers $4 75 a day. A per
son coming to this city to seek that kind
of work must take his chances of secur
ing employment.
DOUBLE PEDRO— A. T., Newhope, Cal.
In the game of double pedro if A wants
one and has an ace, and B wants, ten,
buys and makes all his points, A wins,
because he holds the ace. the ace being
high and counts first. The count is high,
low, jack, game and pedro.
COINS— E. S. B., City. A premium of
from 23 to 50 cents .Is offered for a 3-cent
piece of 1865. 20 to 40 cents for 3-cent pieces
Of 1866 and from 25 to 35 cents for 3-cent
pieces of 1867, 1S6S, 1S69 and 1873. None is
offered for issue of that denomination for.
1881 and -1SS7. ¦ No premium is offered for
the other coins named in letter of inquiry.
DISPLACEMENT— A. L./Clty. To find
the displacement of a vessel, multiply the
mean of the lengths of the keel and be-'
tween the perpendiculars by the area of
the Immersed midship section and divide'
the product— if for a ship of the line or
full built merchantman, by 42; If an ordi
nary merchantman, by 43; if a sea steam
ship, by 44, and if a river steamship, by 46.
The quotient will be the displacement in
tons.
PHILIPPINES— H. F. M.. City. Briga
dier General James F. Smith is the Col
lector of Customs at the port of Manila,
p. I. For positions in the postofflces In
the Philippines applications must be filed
with the First Assistant Postmaster at
"Washington, D. C. For positions in the
Custom-house In the same territory file
applications with the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington, D. C.
THE THIRTEENTH— E. I*, City. Tlia '
Thirteenth United States Infantry did not
have its flag taken from it by its superior
officers while In the Philippine Islands. If
you desire to know the nationality of the
men who composed that regiment while in
the islands you will have to write to the
War Department, and if there is any good
reason for furnishing such information
the department will have the records
classified and mail you the answer.
CALIFOBNIAUS INWASHIHGTOJJ
WASHINGTON, V. C, May 1.— Charles
H. Cochran of San Francisco Is at the
Arlington. . - A-t.-
CAI/irORNIANS IN" NEW YORK.
NETV TORK, May 1.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— W. Ellery. at the Astor; S. B.
Goodman and wife, at the Cadillac: H. E.
Holborn, at the Grand Union; C. Lands
borne, at the Ashland; AIIss Lincoln, Mrs.
J. Lincoln and Mrs. S. L. Pool, at the
Holland; A. H. Butler and Mlas Butler, at
the Imoerial: L- M. Kaiser and wife, at
the Albemarle; W. C. Ralston, at the. Her
ald Square. From Los Angeles— L.
Hickok, at the Marlborough.
QUR Eastern contemporaries are just ; now
showing to the' world 'one. of .the sweetest
uses of gentle journalism. Like ministering
mothers " they come to' their " readers morning
after morning with words, of comfort and cheer to
brighten as far as possible the gloom of dreary days
of rain. It appears ; the . situation' v is serious.
For weeks the residents of the country on the At
lantic coast from Maine to Maryland have - had
hardly more than fleeting glimpses of the sun. Com
plaints about the weather, roasts of the weather
bureau,' satire and sarcasm directed at the sky, have
ceased to entertain, an'l even swearing seems no
longer able to satisfy the sodden spirits. of the people.
Recognizing its responsibility to the public in such
a period of clouds above and mud below, the press
has bravely undertaken to cheer the multitude.
The Springfield Republican, after, admitting that
during the month of April up'l'o the 26th, the day
of 'publication, there had been but two days in
which' the sun was visible from rising to /setting,' and
that of the total number; of 'hours during which the
sun was above the. horizon 80 per cent were cloudy,
went on to say: "The old almanacs, however, tell of
worse Aprils than this, or that of 1874., One was in
1852, when the rainfall. fo- the month, as registered at
Worcester, amounted to 10.77 inches, • which pre
sumably includes ajrecorded snowfall of twenty-three
inches. Those storms, were also widespread^ and it
is recorded that the. Potomac River at Washington
rose a foot above the high water mark of 1847, when
the water. was higher than it had been since 1784."
¦ The Baltimore American also seeks to cheer, up the
sufferers by reminding- them that worse times -have
been than those, that now are. It says: "There is a
tendency to exaggerate the rainfall of. the present
month. It has been exceptional, though not unpre
cedented. In the spring of 1859 it rained in this State
for thirty-nine days. It did not rain all the time, but
it rained every day,, calling to-. ; mind the '•. definition
given by a resident of the Isthmus~"6f Panama of the
difference between the rainy and the dry seasons. " ; In
the dry season,. he said, it rained every day, while in
the rainy season it rained all the time. The spring
of 1859 was like the dry season on the isthmus."
Telling gloomy people that "things have been
worse" has, as we all know, a cheering influence.
Misery loves company. -There is a satisfaction- ,in
knowing that some one- has had 1 worse luck than
ourselves. ¦ Doubtless' many a rain-soaked citizen' of
Massachusetts or of Maryland was consoled some
what by the information thus given by his newspaper
that things had beeh wetter in 1859 and 1852.. The
best consolers, however, are those who sing sweet
songs, and so the Boston Herald recalls the verse of
Riley:
It ain't no' use to grumble and complain; :
It's jest as cheap and easy, to rejoice;
When God sorts out the weather and sends rain,
. W'y, rain's my choice. ,
The Philadelphia Public Ledger sings no lyric
song, but seeks the saire end by didactic verse. It
says: "Though the weather for some time has .been,
generally speaking, awfully, horribly, nastily; '.windily,
rainily, dreadfully dark,' damp, doleful and disagree
able, we have determined that we shall not '^mention
the mean, miserable, mortifying, subject, but govern
ourselves according to the counsels of that old nur
sery rhyme which says:
When the weather Is wet, we must not fret;
"When the weather is dry, we must not sigh;
When the weather is cold, wemust not scold;
When the weather is warm, we must not storm; .
But weather, bad or good,
Always be in a happy mood. .
It is gratifying to se; journalism making itself so
useful to the East under such trying circumstances;
but it is surprising that rot one paper among them all
has had the sense to say to its readers: "Get a move
on;' go West, where the sun shines; meet McKin
ley in California."
VOICES OF CONSOLATION.
THURSDAY ».':... -MAY 2, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• idlren All Csannnieitions to W. S. LEAKE. Hunger.
MAVAGKR'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»« 2O4
PIBLICATIOS OKiriCE. . .Marlcet and Third, S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
. Telephone Press SO2:
Delivered »»? Cnrrlern. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Stngrle Copies. -B Cents.
Term* l>y Mall. Including: Postanret
-¦ItT CALX. Oncluainir Sunday), one year ... !.......$«. 09
IfllLT CALI* (Including Sunday), « months 8.00
XJAILY CALi. (Including: Sunday). 3 months.... 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3e
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear ". i- 00
All po«tm««teri« ire authorized to receive
' anlincriptlonii.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall •fubsfTttw"!-* In ord*r1nir ««han«a? of mSdr*** should b»
particular to rive t>oth KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In orfer
to lnrare a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C. GEOUOE KR.OGVKSS. - : _ . *
Vtfitgtr Foreign Advertising, Karqnetto Building, Chicago.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C CAKLTOX. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHE.V B. SMITH 30 Tribune Build In c
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. & Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel. '•''
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Newa Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. # \
WTASHUSGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G G St., Iff. W.
' ?'•' ¦JlIORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRA.5CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until J:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. e^Larkln, open until
• •30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia. • open
urtll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SOME of the greatest discoveries in physics and
mechanics Jiave been made by" accident/
Sir Isaac Newton never thought of. the law
of gravity until an, apple fell on his head and hurt
him, and set him wondering why. things 'do not fall up
instead of down. A boy who wanted" to go fishing
discovered the automatic cut-off in a steam engine by
tying on a string to, move the valves which he was
hired to move by hand. He dug 'some worms and
went to the creek and Watt's invention was perfected.
\The Democratic party has by accident discovered a
UFefor Bryan and Altgeld. It is : an accident, but may
do more for that sick and sore party than all the medi
cine prescribed by its best political physicians. These
two- leaders have been a problem. -.Indeed it will not
be exceeding the facts to say that they have been -an
affliction. They have made the party acquainted with
giief, but the acquaintance has not ripened into friend
ship. They have inoculated it with every political virus
in the country. When they brought it near death's cele
brated door they sought to revive it with transfusion
of blood from Populism. But that operation carried
into its veins scorbutic taints that were \ worse than
the 'diseases intended to be cured by the operation.
Every time they held a consultation . the patient
mcaned and moved uneasily on its cot, but was pow
erless to refuse whatever dose they mixed, be it poke
loot or black drop. At last by accident their real
utility to the party has been discovered. The only
way in which they can do it any good has been re
vealed.
The two hotly contested city elections of the year
'.vcre in Chicago and St Louis, where Harrison and
Wells were the- regular Democratic nominees for the
office of Mayor. Wells-was a Gold Democrat who
voted for McKinley in 1896 and last year. Harrison
was not identified with the Gold Democracy, but re
fused to worship with all his heart at the shrine of the
divine ratio of 16 to I.
Bryan at once went into the St. Louis campaign
against Wells and refused to go into the Chicago
campaign for Harrison, where Altgeld, representing
both Bryan and himself, openly took the field against
the regular nominee. Mr. Bryan's justly esteemed
weekly organ, the Commoner, jumped on ¦¦.Wells with
all its type, sheepshank, mallet and other printing
office appliances.
It' reviled and rib-roasted him, and sought to make
him resemble thirty cents. It roorbacked and took
f-5.11 after fall out of him, in the most approved style.
Mr. Bo'an sat up nights to concoct editorial denun
ciation of him, and chewed the silver tongue which
has enchanted millions.
Meantime Altgeld took the stump against Harrison
and opened against him that celebrated cave of the
winds which has supplied the stiff breeze that has bel
lied the party sails in many a campaign.
To say that the two leaders handled red-hot pokers
for the two candidates is not to say it all. They
boasted that they would make them pay for heating
the pokers. '."..'
Result: Harrison rind Wells both elected. In jus
tice to the Republicans of the two cities it must.be
said that they could not help it. There is.no way by
which either a candidate or a party. can refuse and
drive off support, so they had to stand and take their
medicine. We are sorry for them, but they are not
to blame. They should be happy that this thing did
not happen earlier. If Bryan had been beaten at
Kansas City and he and Altgeld had opposed the
nominee of that .convention one shudders to think
what might have happened to President McKinleyv
At last these two political banshees have found their
place. They can serve their party only by opposing
it, and can hurt the opposition only by supporting it.
Remembering Mr. Bryan's campaign threat* that ¦ he
intends to stay in politics all his life, the Republican
party needs to seriously study the situation. This
new microbe threatens to get into its blood and body.
It must study germicides and stop the peril right
where it is. .
USE FOR BRYAN AND ALTGELD.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Isaac Bird of Merced la staying at the
Lick.
Arthur B. Foster of Grass Valley is at
the Palace.
George I. Humphrey of Los Angeles Is a
guest at the Occidental.
"W. G. Halstead, a . mining man of
Smartsville, Is at the Grand.
llayne Darlington, a mining man of
Idaho, is a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Bull Jr., a banker of Eureka, la
spending a few days at the Lick. •
James McCormick, a banker of Redding,
registered at the Grand yesterday.*
A. B. Lemmon, a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa, is a guest at the Grand.
Millard Sanders, a prominent horseman,
who lives at Pleasanton, Is at the Palace.
"W. F. Funnell/ an extensive fruit raiser
of Napa, accompanied by his wife, Is
staying at the Occidental.
boom. So long as it remains a merely speculative
suggestion the factions will not oppose it to any. great
extent, but" if it. be once started as an earnest move
ment there will, be: no lack of Bryanite guerrillas to
tear up the track ahead and ditch it before it gets out
of- Massachusetts. Vv '•'¦'•.¦•" ': : / ' " ••'—.'
same article from his grocer for a few
cents a gallon. I once knew of a faker
who would purchase from a druggist a
small Quantity of the oil of mustard. He
would then soak numerous little bits of
weed, about the size of matches, ,in the
oil and proceed to the street corner, where
he so!d readily for 25 cents apiece his
wonderful discovery of magnetic or elec
tric wcod, found by himself after much
privation and suffering among a tribo^ of
South American Indians. The purchaser
was advised to introduce the bit of wood
into the nose, when, on It3 coming in con
tact with the mucous membrane, he would
feel the electricity. This was a guaran
teed cure for nasal catarrh. \
Long Life and Medicines.
One who has seen a halting heart skill
fully stimulated by the hypodermatic use
of strychnine to the performance of its
normal function, and has watched the red
currents return to the pale Mps, and awak
ened consciousness remove the glaze from
the eyes with the beams of Intelligence,
is ready to exclaim, "What a precious
gift the gods have bestowed upon us!"
The same, thought comes to one who sees
the surgeon's knife ' move painlessly
through the tissues by the help of the
local anesthesia induced by cocaine. On
the other hand, one who studies the
wrecks that result from the morphine or
cocaine habit are ready to say. "What
demons the devils have, turned loose to
prey upon us!' 1 Medicine is a' two-edged
sword, and should be handled only by
those drilled in its use.
! The man who desires to live long and
be healthy and happy while he lives will
not acquire the habit of indiscriminate
drug taking:, but will resort to medicines
only on the prescription of some compe
tent, reputable physician, and in his ex
perience with members of the medical pro
fession he will find that the best of t"nem
are not given to the ordering of many
drugs.
drug habit, to which thousands are vic
tims, furnishes him no inconsiderable por
tion of his income.
Nostrum- venders ; very commonly sell
their preparations under some meaning
less or misleading name. In, many of
these compounds or mixtures alcohol,
opium, chloral, antipyrine or some other
harmful drug is introduced, and after the
victim has taken a few bottles he finds
that he does not feel well without it and
goes on binding himself In fetters which
he cannot break. Every physician of
large experience has met with cases of
this kind.
Using Medicine Ignorantly.
There is no doubt that the widespread
prevalence of the drug habit is injurious
to health and tends to shorten life. Many
chronic diseases of the digestive organs,
liver and kidneys are induced by this
habit.
_ Granted that the varied and numerous
digestants so largely employed possess
the -activity claimed for them. It would
be better in a great many instances to
improve the appetite and strengthen di
gestion by an abstemious indulgence in
the good things of the table. The best
and most rational treatment for a tired
brain or nerve is generally to be found
in rest and not in the administration of
a sedative. The best physicians recognize
these facts and reserve the prescription
of sedatives for the few cases In which
they are absolutely required. It has fallen
to the writer to treat many cases of the
opium habit in its various forms, and in
only a few instances has this most per
nicious and destructive habit had its or
igin in a physician's prescription, but I
have seen several cases that were due to
some drug advertised under some fanci
ful name. I was once consulted by an
eminent clergyman who for many years
had used a drug for his catarrh. He de
nied that he had ever taken opium and
he was honest in this statement, for he
did not know that the preparation which
he had used so long, as he thought with
much benefit, was an opiate. I once found
a lady practically starving- to death while
she was consuming bottle after bottle of
a much lauded "predigested" food, which
in reality consisted of nothing more nor
less than a grape-sugar syrup. For this
her husband was paying a dollar a bot
tle, when he might have purchased the
XI— USE AUT) ABU SE OF MEDICINE.
DEAN OF THE DEPARTMENT OF MEDICINE AND SURGERY, UNIVER-
Um> :' SITY OF MICHIGAN.
By Professor "Victor O. Va/iagiin,
COPYRIGHT, 1901
Notwithstanding the fact that we
Americans are' very practical people, wo
are quite credulous and the nostrum ven
der . probably flourishes nowhere else as
he does' among us. . We swallow gallons
of concoctions of various sorts prepared
by unscrupulous pretenders, many of
whom are wholly ignorant . of -. chem
istry, physiology and all other branches
of medicine. In spite of the general
good sense for which we are justly re
puted, at .the core we are filled with su
perstition and - are -"' ready ' to drink from
every cup offered us, invariably hoping
that in it we may find the elixir of life
and a panacea for our' many sills. So
eager are we in the pursuit' of wealth, so
cial position, political ambition or some
other glittering bauble that we cannot
take the time to rest our tired nerves,
and when the consequent aches and paina
goad us some hasten to the physician,
asking him to do the Impossible; while
others eagerly ! read the so-called histor
ies of wonderful cures and then proceed
to swallow bottle after bottle of some
preparation of unknown composition.-
Fortunately most of these are inert, but
this is not true at all. Many a babe has
fallen into its last sleep under the influ
ence of the medicine administered by its
mother. Some years ago I made a chem
ical examination of so-called opium cures
then. in. the market, numbering nearly a
score. All. of these, with one exception,
contained an opiate in some form; the
one exception was a solution of. common
salt in water. I -was once severely be
rated by an aged man, -who was consult
ing m#' on account of slight indigestion,
because I advised him not to take any
medicine, but\ to*, drink a little natural
wine with his ¦ meals. He said that no
physician was justified -in prescribing
alcohol in any form, but he had already
told me, in giving the history of his
trouble, that he had taken more than a
hundred bottles of certain bitters. Now,
the wine, recommended contained not
more than 10 per cent of • alcohol, while
the bitters contained more than. 50 per
cent, and, in- my opinion, were to some
extent at least responsible for the condi
tion of his stomach. This Illustrates the
wisdom and consistency practiced by
many of us. "
Testing Drugs Before Using Thein.
Many of the powders, tablets and other
preparations now so widely used for the
relief of headaches and other pains are
positively : injurious and a number of
deaths result from their employment.
The fact that no recognized ill effect fol
lows immediately after the use of a drug
do-es not prove that it has no bad effect;
indeed, the appetite may be increased and
a general tonic effect be felt under the in
fluence of a drug which is slowly causing
degenerative changes in the liver or kid
neys that can never be repaired. The
remote as ¦iwell as the immediate effects
of drugs should be known before they are
employed in the treatment of disease.
This is the explanation of the fact that
the scientific medical man finds it neces
sary to study the action of new drugs on
the lower animals before he dares to pre
scribe them for man. It has been said
that the effects of drugs on the lower ani
mals and on man are so dissimilar that
nothing of value can be learned by sucH
experiments. This ¦ statement is ' not
true, as every pharmacologist knows.
•While the different species^, of .vertebrate
animals often'show 'wide variations in the
doses necessary to produce certain ef
fects, under the full influence of the drug
the results are practically 1 the same. The
best practitioners of medicine do not em
ploy new drugs in the treatment of dis
ease until their effects upon the lower
animals, 'even in the minute -microscopical
changes, have been investigated. Every
first-class medical school \ has its phar
macological and pathological laborator
ies in which these studies are prosecuted.
Medicine for the Individual.
When the chemist has succeeded in the
preparation of some new compound which
he thinks, on account of its composition,
may be useful in the relief of pain he does
•not test its efficiency by administering it
to man. He gives the compound to the
pharmacologist, who carefully studies the
effects of the new drug on dogs and other
animals, observing its action on the pulse,
respiration, etc., and recording these ef
fects by means pf delicately contrived in
strument?. After completing his studies
the pharmacologist turns the animals over
to tho pathologist, • who makes a most
minute search of the various organs for
any abnormal conditions that may be
present as a result of the action of the
drug. It is not until all these observa
tions i have been carefully made and - re
peated many times' that the action of the
new drug on man is tried. In this way
practically all the drugs now employed by
the regular medical profession have been
'studied. There is another point of great
importance that is closely investigated by
medical men. It is well known . that a
drugs 'that may be curative of one condi
tion'may be capable of doing great harm
in other conditions. Because a certain
remedy has proved useful and even cura
tive to one man in the treatment of pneu
monia, that is no proof that it may hot
bp. harmful to. another suffering from the
same disease. The condition of the heart
or kidneys. in one case may counter-indi
cate the use of the remedy.
It must be evident from what has been
stated that no medicine, unless it be of
the simplest and most harmless character,
should be taken except upon the prescrip
tion of a competent medical man after a
personal examination of the patient. Nev
ertheless, it is probably true that nine
tenths of the medicine taken by the peo
ple of this country is not prescribed by
physicians. Members of the regular "med
ical profession are not in the habit of
giving medicine unless it be indicated, and
many diseases are treated without any
medication. ..~ >
The Physician andthe Charlatan.
It must not be; supposed that medicines
are altogether useless or that all diseases
can be treated without them. For in
stance, malaria is caused by the presence"
of a parasite introduced Into the blood by
the bite of. a mosquito. Quinine is the
only known substance that can be intro
duced into the body in sufficient quantity
to kill the parasite. However, even in
this case the quinine must be adminis
tered at a certain time with reference to
the onset of the chill and in certaln-tlases
before it will prove effective, and a quali
fied physician, after an examination of
the patient, is the only one competent to
decide when and in what form and doses
the drug should -be. administered. The
physician must first ascertain whether or
not the disease is malaria. This he does
by a microscopical examination of the
blood, and then after acquainting hlrnself
with the history of the case he orders the
quinine to be taken at a time when it will
be effective. , '¦•
Diphtheria Is treated with antitoxin, but
this does not indicate that < any and all
diseases are benefited by the injection of
any, kind of lymph or serum. The char
latan Is always ready to warp and twist
the discoveries of science v to his own
financial advantage.: ,The qualified physi
cian;in a case of suspected diphtheria'
takes a culture from the diseased, throat, 1
and . having satisfied himself of. the true I
nature of. the disease by proper examina
tion proceeds to use an antitoxin, the ef
ficiency of "which has been demonstrated
by experiments upon animals. ' ¦ ,-.
, It is a sad commentary on. out -civlllza*
tion that this. most' beneficent discovery of .
the value. of antitoxin in. the treatment of I
diphtheria is now being used by unscrupu- !
lous men to support claims that are with
out scientific foundation, and that hun
dreds of ,' people with .; locomotor ataxia I
and other nervous j diseases ! .; are - 1 being I
treated and deluded by; ignorant pretend- j
ers to ' scientific! knowledge. There are i
men who would not intrust a valuable
watch in; need of .repair to, any but the
most skillful workman, and, yet they will
trust their; bodies^ in need ; of repair to
men who are. wholly ignorant of anatomy
and physiology. -Looking at this from a
selfish standpoint the reputable physician,
has no ground for complaint, because. the
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
' The San Francisco Gall.;
What Suffering Americans Bring to Them
selves by Submitting to the Drug Habit
and Nostrum "Vendors. •
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY : 2, 1 90 1.
6
Bradford==Silver Creek
QUICKSILVER
Mining Companies,
San Benito County and
Santa Clara County.
$1.00 BUYS TWO SHARES,
ONE" IN EACH MINE. '
FAR VALUE $1 CO PER SHARE.
Property well developed and thousands o<
tons of ore in sight.
We will be actually Producing
Quicksilver in two months.
The price of this stock will be advanced on
May 20. We have the materials on the ground
for a larsre furnace, and Mr. Robert Scott, the
greatest furnaee . builder in the world. Is now
building It. VTe will be producing quicksilver
U» less than sixty days. . .-. .
If you .want- an income for life buy some
of this stock now. ,
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
You can easily see our property. . One hour
and twenty minutes to San Jose, nine miles by
team.
Let us show you these mines and Judge for
yourself. <
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager
1 N. . Market street, San Jose.
Prospectus and all Information at branch
office, 317 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
I\ DE FREITAS, Agent.
Nervous exhaustion and debility are the effects
of a trying summer. I>r. Slegert's Angostura
Bitters feed th« nerve cells ac<l restore vitality.
¦ m •
No. Maude, dear, the Speaker of th«
House doesn't make all the speeches.
The Santa Fe to Yoaemlte.
Beginning May 1 Stoddard & Son will run a
dally stage line from Merced to Yosemlte Fall*,
connecting with the California limited. Lear*
ing San Francisco at 9 a. m. to-day you ar*
at Tosemlte Falls to-morrow afternoon at 5.
The rate Is $28 50 from San Francisco for th»
round trip, carrying you by way of Merced
big trees. /
"WIgg— Is Guzzler In the swim? "Wagg—
"Well, he drinks like a fish.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Call ftubRcrlbers contemplating a change •(
residence during the summer months can btrA
titflr paper forwarded by mall to their netr
sUldresaes by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent In
All to-wram on the coast. '¦'.¦'.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "X Bachelor's Romance."*
Central— "Ten Nights in a Barroom."
Tivcli— "The Idols Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia. — "Sag Harbor." Monday next. *
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Orand Or>era-house — "Mr. Barnes of New York.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— S pecialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Hrenlne.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.ZANESVILL.E, Ohio, May 1.— To satisfy
a judgment against the city which the
Council had neglected to pay Attorney S.
M. Winn secured from the Common Pleas
Court an execution under which the Sher
iff seized the city's patrol wagon and
team. Mayor Holden thereupon summoned
a force of police and .recaptured the out
fit. Later, on meeting the Sheriff, the
Mayor is alleged to have cursed the court.
Judge Frazier has named a commission
of attorneys to report -whether the Mayor
and patrolmen are in contempt.
Takes Patrol Wagon for Debt.
CITY IS PRESENTED
WITH BRONZE TABLETS
Mrs. W. J. Bartnett, the Generous ' Donor,
Suggests That They Be Placed in Public
Squares and Used as Drinking Fountains
Embassador Clay and Consul General
Barlow know nothing about a State or
Federal quarantine, consequently much
uncertainty exists here. There is no epi
demic of typhus fever here although the
death rate has been high, about one hun
dred deaths a day in April.
The Mexican Central agent in El Paso
says Dr. Alexander. United States health
officer there, may allow passengers from
this city to pass If they present sworn
certificates that thev have been exposed
to' no contagious diseases for ten days
before their arrival in El Paso. These
certificates must be signed by the proper
authorities of this city. The Mexican
National agent in Laredo reports that the
State health officer thero says that the
quarantine against the City of Mexico has
been established by Texas.
CITY OF MEXICO. May 1.— The Mexi
can International Railway official in Eagle
Paes wires the Mexican Central office in
this city that the' United States health
officer in Eagle Pass says the United
States quarantine agrainst the City of
Mexico Is in effect on account of typhus
fever here.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
United States Officers Take
Measures to Prevent
Contagion.
Quarantine Against the
Capital Is in
jiiiiecL. ,
FEAR OF FEVER
FROM MEXICO
THE .-SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1901.
George Gould a Heavy Buyer. j
There is good ground for believing that J
George J. Gould, as president of the Mis- [
souri Pacific and a leading director in i
the Union Pacific, has been a heavy buyer I
of the latter stock, and that by means of !
his large private holdings of stock, which ]
may later be turned over to the Missouri ;
Pacific, the latter road will, jointly with
the Northwestern and possibly the St. j
Paul, control the Union Pacific. I
The Burlington deal, however, changed
the Western situation, and the aggressive
policy of J. J. Hill and J. P. Morgan in
combining the Burlington. Northern Pa
cific and Great Northern forced the
Northwestern to prepare for future emer
gencies.
There are excellent reasons for the as
sumption that Vartderbilt has been the
largest buyer of- Union Pacific on the
great rise to nearly 130, either for his own
account, with a view to increasing his in
terest in the company, or for account of
the Chicago and Northwestern, so that
th-? latter may exercise a leading influence
in Union Pacific affairs.
There are two other railroads set down
as likely buyers of Union Pacific stock in
large amounts for the same reason that
the Northwestern wants it, namely, the
Ft. Paul and Missouri - Pacific companies.
The St. Paul Company is situated simi
larly to the Northwestern, while the Mis
souri Pacific, which is controlled abso- j
lutely by the Goulds, must also have an |
outlet to the Pacific Coast In order to ren
der its plans effective. . :
Changed by Aggressive Policy.
From sources close to Vanderbilt it ap
pears that the present management o* the
Union Pacific is not only in thorough ac
cord with that gentleman, but he has
etood ready for a long time to make a
dea' with the Chicago and Northwestern,
which the Vanderbilts control. But up to
the pcegent year of great deals Vanderoilt,
it is said, thought it was better for the
Northwestern to have several strings to
its bow rather than tie up exclusively
with the Union Pacific.
NEW YORK, May L— The Mail and Ex
press says: It was learned from official
eources that William K. Vanderbilt is a
large holder of Union Pacific stock
end that he acquired his holdings after
reaching a full understanding with E. H.
Harriman. Those in a position to know
assert that Harriman was placed at the
head of the road at the instance of Van
derbilt, although others declare that Har
riman is the joint .choice of W. K. Van
derbilt, George J. Gould and Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. Harriman is a close personal friend
of Vanderbilt, and was picked out to man
age the Union Pacific because he-was re
garded as an a.ble railroad man.
Rival Bidders for the
Stock of the Union
Pacific.
COASTST OUTLET
IS THEIR GOAL
r-j- ATOR PHELAN informed the
J#\\# ll Park Commissioners yesterday
j W ll that he had accepted for the
L V Ik city three bronze tablets sculp
tured, by Mrs. W. J. Bartnett,
daughter of former Lieutenant Governor
of California Samuel Purdy. The Mayor
suggests that the tablets be placed In the
smaller squares or against the wall of
public buildings, to be used as drinking
fountains. The tablets show the head of
Abraham Lincoln, together with the sen
timent he uttered in his great Getttysburg
speech- "A Government of the People, by
the People, for the People." The Mayor
In hts letter to the Park Commission says:
• Mrs. Bartnetfs BUggestion is that they be
erected in such places as Columbia, South
Park and Wsfhinpton squares. They ought to
be used as drinking fountains. A faucet and
a cup will Ik- provided, and it is expected that
the city shall Fet them in place and make the
water "connections. I Fuscest that you send
eorae representative to Mrs. Bartnett and se
lect suitable locations.
The head of Abraham Lincoln, and the eenti-
m ent which he uttered in his great Gettys
burg speech, inscribed upon this memorial tab
let will serve to perpetuate the memory of
HANDSOME TABLETS SCULP
TURED BY MRS. BARTNETT
PRESENTED TO THE CITY.
• — —. v
a great man and a great truth. Such a gen
erous offering as this enables the municipality,
by providing fr*« drinking fountains, to bring,
in a Email way, the government nearer the
people and possibly prevent occasional intem
perance.
7
CAMP REVERIE,
• — IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
«'In All California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan.
Oil June 3, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a. red wo d grove on the Guerne-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
ville.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
laft in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI. Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 18 to 4 p. ra., Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.'' •
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise. .
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.'
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, . unique ar-
rangements for camping , and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent,
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.'
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
CAZADEROS£H
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prlc«s. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
Ideal resort. Ellm Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek.
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero 'Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City offlce 749 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS "gW«fSS&
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; flrst-clas? hotel ami stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only. $.1 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further, informa-
toln address J. F. MTJLGREW, Skaggs. Cat.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city offlce.
918 Larkln St.. a F. FRESE & JURGENBEN.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Roand trip from Stockton $27.
Staging VA hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving at Yosemite Valley So. ni.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE'
Gen'l Agent. G30 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F. ; tel. Black 3571. ¦
""~-™~™~™ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfllTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
uui i i o school will be open to summtr
MENLO wests during June and July.
„__.„ Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
_______ dress IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing \vc raoun--
tain streams: short distance from IBeysers;
dally mail; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON. Iff NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Paa».
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market^ street. - -
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
ff.lid i comfort. • For particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
THE GEYSERS, %-£T
OXE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATC-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.' - * r
WIT I AW DANfH former proprietor W.
WlLLUn KANWI Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILIF 0 ". Santa Crua.
GLENBROOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty, large & smal jtame. Table
ft beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler offlce. 20 Montgomery it.,
or address O. W. R. TREDWAY. Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal. . ¦ ' ¦
WHITE COTTAGES. r «i'«.
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P. O.. 'Cal.
JMiPLl&CO.
| Upholstery Company,
! NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
J of UPHOLSTERT, GOODS which will
, be sold at reduced rates.
¦ An opportunity to procure Pillow and
' Cushion Covers for your summer home.
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
. "Whether to a : mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
¦ town, from which you can, .In a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and j mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
¦ . of some shady stream,
"VACATION 19O.1"
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and Is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a. list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
.can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN,
. General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up in the coast range,"
overlooking: the broad Salinas Valley; free
from- fog and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment: cement swimming- tank,
30x60; hunting: and fishing-; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. ', round-trio ticket ?8. C.
T. ROMIE. prop.; J. O. VALPET. manager.
...NAPA... : . iNapaCwpty,
SODA SPRINGS | Cal «
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts. .' »
Rate?? $10 to $15 per week. ' Two trains daily,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only SO minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view; an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and service of the best.
W. G. GRAHAM,
Late of Hotel Mateo, Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell, Lajce Co.. Cal.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; climate unsur-
passed; most beautiful spot in Santa Clara
County: great relief for people with asthma;
65 miles from S. F.; fare $165; free .'bus.
JOHN NEVILLv proprietor, Los Gatos.
JOHMNNISBE3R G.
•Under entire new management and owner-
ship. Family Resort In the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating; terms reasonable: send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Proprl-
etor, Oakvllle. Napa County.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS. /
Formerly Agua Callente Springs.. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via a NW. Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming- tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try it. Round
trip $1 10. \ Telephone. Rates, $12 and $14.
COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Caltente, Cal.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air.
Terms.. $8 per week. H.,B. LAWLEY. Calto-
toga. Cal. __^ '" ' .
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open the
vear round Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at- present. The culinary department will
receive specaU attention. For rates and par- :
tun T address HOTEL K.UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley, Marin Co. Cal. , . . ;
riUDTiVTAD Cottages, camping, fishing:,
WAlur lAILlm amusements. Ideal place
for "summer outing; 29 miles from S. F.;
among the redwoods. H. G. MARTIN, propr.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 x>er week and' upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. - ,
C THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 minutes to
beach; mall dally by carrier; private board-
ing. Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith. Sta. Cruz. ¦
HO ! FOR TUB GEYSERS.
Via C. I C. Fobs' Stage Line from Calistoga.
The scenic route. Livery in connection. C. C.
FOSS, ; Proprietor, Calistoea, Cal. ' ;.
... VICHY SPR1NCS,
I The only place in I the I United I States where '
Vichy Water is . abundant. The ¦ only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous;' Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
' Proprietors. •
MOUNTAIN .VIEW RANCH, near Santa i
Cruz, in heart ¦ of the mountains: among
the redwoods: first-class accom.: very reason-
ablo terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements; . daily mail : new - improve-,
ments; our well-known table Is our recommen- i
datlon.' Round trip campers to Glenwood. incl. I
stage. $3 75. Frank R. Dann. Santa Cruz.
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty. fruit.' cream, milk; free conveyance for
parties ' of 1 2 or ¦ more ; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview, Sonoma Co., or
apply. Mr. Kruse, 207 Front st., for particulars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WbferiBud&|
1 Appear |
J • /
I $ DRINK
m Rootbeer m
j In the spring get close to Nature «
| A by drinking HIRES Rootbeer— ' It
«J the temperance beverage, made J i
si of roots, that builds up health i |
f and stirs the blood to throw off '¦ b '
J all Impurities. Delightfully re-
&l freshing In the lazy days of. \
1 spring. A 25-cent package . ?
\ makes 5 gallons. Dealers, write ft 1
\A for new special offer. I f \
VA ouabIes e. hires co., vj
In s^—> Malrcrn, Pi.
A FULL SET OF TEETH
$5.00.
Comfortable, t Natural-Looking
Plates that You Can Chew
With, Made, of Best Material
by Experienced Workmen.
Payment by Installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
. 133 POWELL STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK; WEBSTER
In Archibald Clarering Gunner's Great Drama
MR. BARNES OF
NEW YORK.
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats 75e.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK,
"SON OF NAPOLEON"
»n. w~i &^ f\ nr t? s* s^
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
TI-I e^
J' ' •* MTm p V j
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. ".
Next Week, Revival by Request, .
"FRIENDS."
SALE OF SEATS NOW ON.
Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CHUTES_AND ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
AND —
THE LADY BLACKSMITHS
.... .- j^ . '
A Prize Striking Contest.
Telephone ; for Seats.'....'....... ."....Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOL-nun O - Admission lOc.
G. S. . Wanrell, La Mont Juvenile Co., May-
belle Bowman, Golden West Comedy Trio, Gus
Leonard. Thatcher and Chenoweth and Paras-
kova Sandolin. . . • ; :
Reserved " seats, ' 25c. Matinee Sunday. ' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cooper's Olive Oil |
large size bot. 90c «
Chemically pure. Usually $1.23. «
Crawford Peaches «
Evaporated. 3 pounds IOC |
Large, clean, bright fruit. • «
Oliver's Deviled Ham »
1-2 pound can ioc g
Same quality as "Underwood's." ?Z
Regular 20c. |?
Mahrsell's Sardines can ioc |>
Extra quality French sardines. »
Regular 15c. ' ¦ ¦: :. ii
Small fish; well-known, brand. - »
French Vermouth bot 50c |
Noilly, Prat & Co. Genuine. ?z
Regular 60c. |Z
Italian Vermouth bot 45c »
Guaranteed genuine. \l
Regular GOc. • ?>
London Dock Gin bot 70c «
"Old Tom." |>
Cherries in Brandy bot 55c «
For cocktails and dessert. s?
Regular 70c. Imported French. 21
Bumgardner Rye Whiskey s
Distilled IR87. . "Ot 95 C S>
Bottled Xny J. Bumgardner, «
Staunton, va. Regular $1 25. v
> Pure California Brandy |
i Full proof. o-allnn <Jt Q- ><
? 1S96 vintage. gallon 8 0 4>
HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca
tion. courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
¦•GRAND "HOTEL**
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plae*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12. 114,
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG di
WARNER.
.
OR C <Z. O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy (or
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 41
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
SO cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1C21H Market, bet.
6th and 7th, S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to g<x.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMES,
Finest Equipoed Hotel in the Stats.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp*
ers' return tickets, $3 5C-; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
n per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland;- best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and flrst-clasa
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland, Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week; camping privileges, $1 30 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Tosemite
Stage, all outside scats. Leaves Calistoga
daily (Sundays exceptrd) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Harbin, Seigler, Adams, Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to MIddietown, Lower Lake. Kelseyville
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS, Proprietor. .'
OWN a home in beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker. $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free:
sawmill, depot, store, postcftice at camp:
J board and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $3
round-trip. Address it. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Frea
• carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
springs, rooms and beard unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER, Calistoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL-Pleasant accom-
modations for a few guests; mountain scen-
ery, pure air. Terms, $7 per week. FELIX
McNULTT, Calistoga, Cal.
LAGUNA FARM— 1% miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $8 per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROT FASHION STABLES— Also stage line
to hot springs: first-class' turnouts. MAYOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors. • :
never arise
Over the quality of our laundry work, or
over the fact of our full domestic finish
being the proper thing for full-dress
shirts.
Another point— we obtain this finish with .
least wear on your linen, thus giving It a
longer lease of life. Of course, if you want
to experiment elsewhere, you're at liberty
to do so, but you'll be satisfied here first,
last and always.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone-South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
Eg w J m fe«*i H 8 JL B «
IcLs a Pi mm Wk E£l R B»S 8s
Ok. HALL'S RElNYIGORATOKBTng
Five hundred reward for any a3F3fc&fl
case we cannot cure. This secret »*• Baa
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, I a
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- ft»a 199
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet. Flt3. pj^fl PnTl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UUJ UUiJ
wasting effects of self-abuse or &^ijt0g
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bLsdXE&aSj
bottles, $5: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also for sale at 1073*?
Market . st... S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of tb«
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottl«. For »a1» by druggUta.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-¦ *'''*'¦-' ¦ ¦ / ,
Positively cured by these
i Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Tasie
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the -Side,- TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill; Small Dose.
Small Price. '
AMUSEMENT a
THE! ACME OP UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE
THE GREAT
AGOUST FAMILY;
Mcintyre and Heath.
BARNES AND SISSON, ALF GRANT,
CLAYTON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MLLE.
ADELAIDE,
Last "Week of THE GREAT GOLDIN.
The Biograph, among other views, shows
OUEEIS VICTORIA'S
LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c;' Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
" Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
\ BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
25c and OOc.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting Sol Smith Russell's Greatest Com-
edy Hit,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
I During the NEILL Entrapment SPECIAL I
I BARGAIN MATINEES— THURSDAYS- I
| PRICES. 25c and 50c. |
EVENINGS 25c. 35c, EOc. 73c. JLOO
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c, 50c, 75c-
NEXT WEEK— AuKustin Daly's fine comedy
success-"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE."
In Preparation "BARBARA FRIETCHIE"
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"IT SHINES AS BRIGHTLY AS EVER."
THE
"hoot /no :•*.•»
"THE TOY MAKER"— Next Production.
First Time In This City.
POPULAR PRICES.. .:5c and 50c
• Telephone— Bush 8.
BE LAS CO a** THALESjfofflg.
to^ iftlSTt CUT ttAlk
A BIG TEN
HIT. NIGHTS
A Great Performance - • |y . .
Every Evening This ' '¦> \ fN J\ \
WeeK. •
MATINEE SATUR- BAR
DAY AND SUNDAY. < «-»^»»V
The Great Melodrama, / ROOiVl.
DDIfCC EVENINGS 10c, 13c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rHIV/C3 MATINEES... 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— Magnificent Production o*
"THE OCTOROON." -
'f*ftl B IMS I A SAH FRANCISCO'S
yULUmJE9IA leading theatre
SALE NOW '
V-Ji GOING
AO j ON.
HARBOR!
First Presentation In Thla City of JAMES A.
. HERNE'S New Play
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
\J>fLd i IViMMJhA COHsMASOn
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW, IN
. THE CITY.
THE THREE .
MALVERN BROTHERS
Past Masters in the Acrobatic Art. -
JEANETTE,
And her wonderful performing Australian birds.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. •
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
RACING ! RACING I RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening' April 29 S
. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUri.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine
¦ Five 'or more ' races each day..
Races- start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ¦ . ."
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1. U30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with 'trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking.. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound.' All trains via
1 Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at • Seventh and Broadway, Oak- .
land. Also air trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway.' Oakland. : Theso electric cars
go direct to the. track In -fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race
- THOMAS H.- WILLIAMS. JR., President. '
R. • B. MILROY, Secretary. —
BASEBALL,
- SACRAMENTO vs OAKLAND
Thursday and Friday, Days,"
AT 3tl5 P.m.
RECREATioN PARK,
: . ..Eighth and 'Harrison streets.- . .Articles— Open. High. Low.. Close"
Wheat No. 2— , , •
May 72% 73% 72Vi ' . 72%
July 73>4 74VS 73«4 , 73%
Corn Xo. 2— .-
Su1 y :::::::::::::::: S5 8 T *$£- < 4 M
•Sfptember 45V4 43% 4oV a . -45%
Oat3 No. 2— . ¦ ....:.
•May ..: -27 ' ¦ :2S% . 26T» 28 '
July ::...... 26 ¦"> 26% 20 2CV4
Mess Pork, per - barrel —
May 14 50 • .11 85 ... 1( SO 14 $5
July :.;.'.14 70. 15 02V& 14 65 13 0O
Lard, per 100 i>ound? — ¦ ¦- . ' ¦ " K ¦ ; ¦'
May '...'......•.. 8 02% -.8 15 8 02'i 8 15
July !?t....r.7 97'/3>8 U7^i 7 s> i 7a! boi'/i
September .7 95 8 C7'.i <7 £2'/' 8 C3 "
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds . > • .- :.
May :........ S 20 ,- 8 SO • -.8 20 8 30
July 7 f:0 ' 8 C2V4 7 8H£ > 8 C2>i
September ;........ 7 87?4 7 »7^-'.7 S7%.' 7,97%
Cash uuotations wnra as fellows: ?„¦ Flour,"
This reaction had become very general when
Union Paci"ic began to advance by such strides
.ir.d on sucli a succession of buying orders as
u-0 8 s. surprise In even the current deal. The ad
vance nee pretty fctesdy by ' fractions up to
a.bviit 123. but from that . point the advance
became wild. Jumping a point between sales
sometimes, and falling back as abruptly, but
orf««»«iit any ip'ovatinn in the character of the
NEW TORK, May 1.— Union Pacific again
furnished the sensation of the stock market to
day, and the movement of that , stock and
other stocks co-related with it In the specula
tion dominated the market practically all day.
The ttock showed a pood gain at the open-
Ing tn<J was firmly maintained all through the
period of 6harp reaction after the enormous
profit-taking had borne down prices after the
opening.
New York Stock Market.
- Two billion passengers and 950.000,000
tons of goods are carried in a year on
the world's railways.
May, 19C1
CHICAGO, Hay 1. — The movement of prices
and the character of trade apparently, con
firmed the previously existing belief that May
corn had been cornered,. Phillips, who has en
gineered the deal, paid cash for. 2.600,000 bush
els, . which were delivered to him on May con
tracts. ¦ Prices, at the opening .ranged from
43c to 48%c, and .in a few minutes touched
4S',4c. Phillips hid actively to check, the de
cline reaction. Scattered shorts, alarmed by
this and further worried by. strong cabifiH,
sought to cover and bid the market up to bOc,
high price for this delivery of • the 1D00 ctop,
by 11. o'clock. The bull leader sold moderately
at this price, and a sharp break to 40c followed.
May closing l'/ic higher at 49V4e. The bull party
has been a heavy buyer of July -options and
did much in' advancing that .delivery to-day.
Corn closed %<g%c higher. , . .. ¦
An undertone of considerable strength- was
observed In "the wheat market, although' the
best prices wore not held -to the end of the
session. May was sold liberally by ' longs, but
their holdings went. to strong hands. The ad
vances tempted realizing, which accounted for
the reactions. • July wheat closed V 9 @Mc higher,
May %c higher. v •
' The ccrn strength and the continued demand
from elevator Interests were factors In oats.
Trade ivns active throughout the day. May
oats opened at 26%@27c, and under the fright
ened bidding of shorts. advanced to 2S%c, high
price for the crop. | Profltrtaking caused , a re
action, but the close was strong, lc over, yester
day, at 27%c.
Provisions were quiet, but strong, in sym
pathy with the corn strength and' firmness of
the cash market.- Offerings' were light and
local people - bid -the market up. July « pork
closed 35c higher; July -lard, 10c up, and July
ribs. 7%c Improved. *-y
The leading futures ranged as. follows: '•
San v ranriscf data: Maximum temperature,
P6; minimum. *%; mean, E2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The r-rer!=ure has risen. slowly along the coast
er.o is falling rapidly over Northern Utah and
V.'vfming. The storm is apparently moving
raj inly northeastward and is accompanied by
a sharp drop in temj-erature over Utah and
Arizona.
Gf-rerous rains have fallen In Southern Cali
fornia. Thunderstorms are reported at Los
An-o-les and Fresno. The following- maximum
wind velocities are reported: Fait Lake, 40 miles
from the south; Mcder.a, , 30 southwest, and
VTtrr.a. CS from the south. . :
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnirht. May 2. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; warmer;
light northerly winds.
Southern California — Clearing - Thursday;
warmer; liefct westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; warmer; light
northerly winds. _
lH=h — Showers Thursday; possibly, thunder-
Ftorriif: rcueh collier in northern portion; high
southerly, changing to fresh northerly, winds.
Arizor.a— Cloudy Thursday; showers and prob
tWy thundeiftorms; high southerly winds.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thuisday;
freth westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.'
Forecast Official.
The. Government took:93,CC0 lbs Large I White"
Beans at: $4 1704 19, .resacked, .with' the usual
conditions. > This ,' leaves", not more ; -' than « €CCO
Beans and: Seeds.
The Hay men went off on a picnic and there
was.very little business In this market in' con :
sequence.- Prices stood the same.
.JJHAN— U6 50® 17 'per ton. V ' •" .
MIDDLINGS- $16 50<fn9 50 per ; ten. - :'
FliEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill,' J25@26; jobbing,
$26 CO; Cocoanut Cake, ". JHfilS; 'Corn Meal;
$2G :c@27; Cracked Corn,' $27<S2S; Mixed Feed.
W5Q16.- - ¦ ¦ -- - ¦ ¦ : .'¦¦ -. ¦ . ¦
HAY— Volunteer, $508; 'Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat. $DtFJ12; Oat. $9@11 CO; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa; J8@9 50: Barley, ?7 C0@9 50 per: ton. ;¦
. STRAW— 3"@47'/ic per bale.
Hay. and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 40@3 G5,
usual terms; Bakers', Extras, $3 30@3 40;. Ore
gon, $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers': Washington bakers", ?2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in -sacks are as fol
lows, i usual discount to the- trade: Graham
Flour, 1 ?3 - per 109 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; . Rye
Meal, $2 EO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn, Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do," $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 SO; Hom
iny.. $3 30(53 75; Buckwheat Flour," ¦ $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50^'Farina, ' J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, -13 25;. Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
<S7 CO; In sacks, $5 75(3 7 23; Pearl Barley, ?5;
Split Peas/ $5; Green Peas. 1 $6 50 per 100 )bs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
1 No afternoon session..' .'
OATS— The situation shows no change what
ever. White. $1 37%®1 50; Surprise, nominal;
Red. $1 32%@1 45; Black, $1 17',4®1 27& per ctl.
CORN— Scarce and firm, but dull. All kinds
are quoted at $1 30 per ctl. . . -. ¦
RYE— S0«S2V5C per ctl. >
. BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 6a per ctl, ex
wajehouse. ! • ','¦¦''.¦
WHEAT— News was scarce yesterday. The
foreign markets were not materially changed.
Chicago . opened firm, with some demand for
May * Later on the market became heavy,
owing- to the sale of 5C0.CC0 bushels -by Cudahy
on the swell, which satisfied- .the demand.
There was considerable local selling on bulges.
_ The, local market . was much -quieter and
W |pot / r Whea C f-Shlpping, ?1 01U: milling, $1 03%
Q1C^*' CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 3:15 o' clock— December—
10 r CC0 ctls. $1 05%; 4000. Jl 0594^0000. *1 0oV4.
Second .Sesslon-December-eOOO ctls. $10o.
Regular 1 , Morning Sesslon-December-SOOO ctls,
The 3 ' Exchange adjourned at noon In respect
to the memory of the late John F. i^r.gllsh. •
BARLEY— There was no spot' business of any
consequence, as, buyers held off for still lower
prices. Futures st«-«d about the same. ¦ ¦
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 70@72&C o for- off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@82V4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
• CALL BOARD SALES.. '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2C00 ctls,' 73%c; May— 6000, 75c.
Second Session— No sales. . ¦ ¦'
-Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls.
73Vic; 2CC0, 73% c.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. GO days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables -. -'- — 4 90
New York Exchange, 'sight.... p 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic i— 15
Silver, per ounce — _ &9&
Mexican .Dollars, . nominal." . -»9/i @ 53
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, May L— FLOUR— Receipts! 21.
439 barrels; exports.- 23.215 barrels; fairly
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, . 13,300 bushels; exports,
36,226 bushels. Spot— Steady. No. 2, 82%c f. a.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, tl^c elevator; No. . 1
Northern Duluth, S9c t. o. h. afloat: No. 1
hard Dultith, 91%c f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened firm and went up on active .covering,
crop-damage rumors "from longs 'and hot
weather, higher cables, big clearances, export
rumors and outside buying. After midday a
reaction took ula.ee under long saline, and
the close was barely steady at %@' / 4c n«t ad
vance. Hay, SOV^c; June, 79%@81&c, elosed
79%c; Julr. 7S%@T9 13-16c, closed 79};c; Sep
tember, 77%@77}ie, closed 77&c.
HOPS— Gu let.
WOOL — Oulet.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
6tfc; mild, dull; Cordova, «H@124c.
Futures — Closed steady, with prices -un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales. 12,000
bags. May, $5 25; June, $3 35; July, $5 45; Sep
tember, |A 55«5 60. ¦
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, S6 test, 414c; molasses sugar, 3V4c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts, ,5635 packages; firm.
Creamery, 15©-19Hc; factory, ll@-13Vic
EGGS— Receipts, 18,220 packages;, steady.
Western regular packed, 30%@13c; storage,
Western, 13Vi@14e; Southern," ll@12cv
DRIED FRUITS. '.'-.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Quiet apd un
changed. State, common, 3@4c; prime, 4V£@
4%c; choice, £@5%c; fancy, eife^c. \\"r/.-
Californla dried fruits Inactive.
PRUNES— 3V4 "5 7c per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12e; Moorpark, E%@
12c.
PEACHES— P«aled, 12i£<§20c; unpeeled, 6&®
We.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
M Wallace. Clements
Miss Rose de Alvis
Portugal
F R Case. Baltimore
R J Carney, Boston
G J Jackson, Boston
J J O'Rourke. Boston
J C Lindsay, U S N
S E Roberts. Boston
K E Todd, N Orleans
I Mrs G L Binney. Bostn
J P Eschlnfelen & w.
Houston
M D Ickro. Seattle
J McLean, Seattle
J Goranson. S Jose
R H McMatb. Elmtra
Miss C Nelson. Cal
T- Hill, Toronto
C T Tuxnan & w. Ohio
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss E Perkins. Bostn
Miss S Perkins. Bosta
Miss Raider. Norway
H Smith. Portland
II A Gallway. Butts
W E R Rook?r. Stanfd
J Kecht. Chicago
G C Jensen, Alameda
R F Koster. Los Ang
W H Murphy. Stanfrd
S J Morris. San Jose
W B Hobson. San Jose
A C Kuhn, San Jose
C J Kuhn. Ind
E Anderson, Byron
W T Coffin. Cleveland
H T Noyes Jr. N Y
J TV* Northrop. Chicago
E M Durant, Los Ang
T H RIdse & w. Cal
J Nolan. Pasad?na
H T Sattlsr. N Y
L G Snooner. N Y
T Flint Jr. Sp.n Juan
L Dargln. New- York
A O Gasson. Sn Dte«ro
H H Wllcox & w, Md
J Wllcox & son. Mo
Mtss K Rea. Mo
Mrs R C Richards, 111
H Tokay. Cal
L Honigman, Germany
H Swift & w. Chicago
Mrs E N Morrison. Md
Miss R A Morrison. Md
Mi?s E A Morrison. M-1
E C Robertson, Honlul
G Nightingale, Mass
W D Smith. Athol
W J Buckley. Mass
. E C Barr. Springfield
Mrs D B Henderson. la
S Hogland. Stockholm
H C Mahrt. Dayton .
J K Clark & w. Butt»
Mrs C Meyer, Bombay
Miss Meyer. Bombay
Mrs A Kill. X Y
Miss A H Hill. N T
B U Steinmann. Sacto
Mrs M A Esreert. Colo
G Shields. Solo
J G Shields, Colo
A Tuttle & w, Vt
Mrs M Patterson. Vt
C Ray & w. M'lwauke«
Miss Ray. Milwaukee
F Hutchinson & w, Pa
A B Foote. Gr Valley
W V Pettit, Denver
Mrs W C Bliss. B-istor»
Miss S 1. Emery. Bonta
R R Clarke & w. m
,M!ss A Clarke, 111
W Darlington, Idaho
I> E Oaborne. Cal
M Sanders. Pleasanton
J M Engler. Quiney
F L Fernald & w.USX
J F.Douglass. N Y
D T Baker. Boston
Mr & Mrs Brookman,
¦ Mexico
G H Clarke. Chicago
S H Mora, Rochester
Mr3 J F Applebv. Ill
W E Knowles, N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
A H Holgate, Berkely
C E Jordan, Llvermore
A H Bragg, San Jose
M Hoffman. Pittsburg
P F O'Neil. Pittsburg
HW Stevens & w; Mch
A S Cunningham & w,
Cal
E W Chrjicey & w,
6an Diego 1
J Russell, S Quentln
C G White, Monterey
G Webb, Cal j
F M Rutter, Minn
F C Trainer & w, Saet
T O'Brien, Bakersfield
J T Harmes. Sausalito
Airs K Burns, Pomona,
C M Foraker & w,
New Mexico
O Garmsky & w, Cal
S A Loud. Cal
Dr C W Kellogg. Cal
R CCline. Los Ang
H Preston. Rd Island
P B Waldman, Readng
W H Guitar, St Louis
F I Weber. Portland
F B McKeehan, N Mx
M H Murray. Bkrsfld
W G Conybear. Chgo
Mrs M E Hebbard. De
troit
Mrs E C Bangs. Cal
G L Carr. Carrvllle
C C Franklin, Stockton
A Clark & w. Kansas
T D Petch. Eureka
W M Noyea. P Gnyve
Mrs L D Pettit, Cal
Mrs C de Mott, Cal
S N Sample, Cal
G E Artee, Pennsylvan
Mrs J A Devin, Tenn
Mrs E D Voorhies, Ten
A L Barrow. Cal
C Nau & w, Oakland
H W Gregg. N T
G Wildes Jr. N T '
S Wargolln. N T
L Frank, Pa
IT J Lancaster. Cal
J E Rldgway, Phllade!
G A Gerrlck. Philadel
M S Laubenstein, Pa
J H Roberts, Sacto
F Desimone, S Jose
R Desimone. San Jom
H Johnson. Toronto
O Henry & w, N H
F Beck. Chicago
W B Hills & w. Ill
F Joaquin & w, Alaxka
H S Jacobs & w. Cal
B A Sanborn, Los Ang
P W. Halm, Pa
F Arfe. N J
W F Price. S Rosa
W E Woolsey. S Rosa
N G Peterson. Cal
D Burmongh. Cal
J D Wadsworth, Cal
W Coe & w, N T
Mrs G Weslar & dau,
Berkeley
E A Gilbert. Sacto
J W Churchill. Treka
S T Coulter. S Rosa
J Balfour & w, Cal
W G Halstead. Cal
K Luehrlng, Suisun
H M Reed. Reedley
J McCormlck, Reading
O B Peasley, Nashvllla
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
5 Hutchinson S P Co 20 00 .
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 00
55 Makawell 39 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 37 50
. 5 S F Gas & Electric Co .- 3733
' 1S5 S F Gas & Electric Co 37 37U
. 5 Sp.-ing Valley Water 86 25
40 Spring Valley Water S6 5O
10 Spring Valley "Water £6 75
$5000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (2d mtge) . . .103 00
• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s.. 104 .— Oceanic S 5s..— V—-
Cal-st C 5s.... 117 — Omnibus R 63.12S —
C C Wat 5s. ..110 — Pac G Im? 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s.. 12SH133K Pk & C H 6s.lO5 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 115 — Pk ft O Jl 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S oi/is.106% — Sac K G R 5s. — 100
Do 5s 102 — S P & SJV 5S.120U —
Los Ansr R 5s. — 114 Sierra Cal 6s. — HOVi
L A Light Bs. - 1(12 'S P of A 6s,
Do gntd 6s.. — 1C4 (1909) 113^4 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac 5s.lO2% — S P of A 6s
Do 1 c m 58.101 — (IOCS), ser A.1C6% —
Markt-st C 6s. — 127H (1905), do B.107Vi —
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1906) 110 —
Nev Co R 7s. — 113'A (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s.ll3',i — S P of Cal, 1st
Do 5s ...119 — cp rtd B 5s. 103 —
Nor Pac C 63.100 — SPBr Cal 6s. 135 —
"Do 5s — 1C9 S V Wat 6s..H3mi4
Nor Cal R 5s. — 114V4 Do 4s 102%103Vl
Oak Gas 5S...110H — Do 4s, 3d m.lO2%lC3
Do Tran 63.116% — Stktn Gas 63. 100 —
Do Wat ES..104 —
j WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 74 75KISprlng Valley. 86 86%
liar in County. 53% — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pacific Ltg.... 42% 43%
Equitable Z% 3*6 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 3«4 — S F Gas & El. 37^4 —
Oakland £0 -.50% San Francisco. 4^4 4'^
' Pacific Imp... — 37 I Stockton 7Vi — •
INSURANCE.
Fireman's Fd.235 215 |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 — • L P & A 147 —
California 406 — Mex Ex, llq... 16 —
Cal.Sare Dep..lCG ,— S F National.. — 125
First Nat 310 313
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union — —
San Franclsco.515 "— '..
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 140 lOSLt H. 40 —
Geary 47>i —~- Presidio ... 22 SO
Market 70% 71 I
POWDER.
Giant 72 73 IVlgorlt 2% Z%
:-• sugar.
Hana T 7% Kllauea — 19%'
Hawaiian — 66 Makawell 33% 40
¦Honokaa 27U 27% Onomea — 27%
Hutchlnson ... — 20 Paauhau • — 30H
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packs.133 140 Oceanic' SS 47% —
Cal Fruit Can. — 97 . Pac Aux F Al. 2 .—
Cal Wine As. .100 — Pac C Borax. .152 I—
Merch Ex 110 — Paraf Paint... IS —
Morning Session.
Beard— .
. £5 Alaska Packers' Association 138 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 54 CO
S Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 50
ICO Honokaa S Co 29 50
25 Market-street 'Railway 70 62'i
$10CO Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 87>*
J1000 Oakland Transit. Co 6s 117 CO
5 O-ceanlc Steamship Co 47 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 47 S7li
• 10 Oceanic Steam.«hl;> Co 48 CO
20 Oceanic Steamship Co, s CO 4S CO
S5 Oceanic Steamship Co 4S 25 .
$1000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 104 00
120 S F Ga3 & Electric Co 37 75
10 Spring Valley Water 85 62}i
3 Spring Valley Water 85 50
$7000 Spring Valley Ga bonds 113 30
J6C00 Spring Valley 4s bonds <2d mtge)....102 73
Street—
B0 Alaska Packers' Association ISS CO
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 50
$1000 Spring Valley 6s bonds :.113 50
Afternoon Session.
' Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Association .".138 00
20 Alaska Packers'- Association 137 50
20 California Wine Association 100 00
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 CO
"•40 Giant Powder' Con 73 00
25 Honokaa. S Co "..29 25
100 Honok&a S Co...: 27 75
175 Honokaa S Co 27 50
100 Honokaa S Co...... 27 25
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3i4114 4s qr c (new).13S%139',i
4s quar reg....H3%113w> 3s quar coup... 110%lU
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, May 1—2 d. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business was good again on tha- morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. ' Honokaa was
lower at $29 60. There were sales of Oceanic
at $47 50@48 25 and of Hawaiian Commercial
at $54<g-55 50.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers* declined to
$137 CO ami Spring Valley Water advanced to
$86 75. _ . ,;.Su.'^;;
•¦ The... oil stocks, remained about aa before
quoted. -/*
-The following were es-dlvidend yesterday:
Gas and Electric, 25c; Sacramento Electric,
Gas "and Railway, 15c; Honokaa, 30c.
The Quicksilver Mining Company will pay
a dividend, of one-half of 1 per cent on the
10th, the amount being J21.500.
The Standard Con. Mining Company will pay
a quarterly dividend of 10 cents per share on
the 21st.
: Officials of the Globe Oil Company state that
that company will hereafter pay quarterly
dividends cf 1V4 cents per share.
The Giant Powder Company will pay a divi
dend of 75c per share on the 10th.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. May L 19C1— 5 p. m.
"Nuts are easier. Tarragona almonds were
offered yesterday %c 1-mer at ll%c and Ivicas
at Jl^gc. Mcrbot walnuts were quoted Vic
lower at S%c." --V^'
Y.
"'Raisins are very Juil and easy. Sales of
California 4-crown loose Muscatels are reported
ct 5',4c. Imported Sultanas are quoted lower,
rmnes are selling in a small way on the spot.
There is a rumor thai efforts are being made
!• corner "0-40s and 4J-50s Oregons, but this
could not be confirmed. There are said to be
tf-.-x of the former size here. Apricots are
•juict. Some inquiry is reported from Western
joints for cheap peucl:es in bags. Apples
• are dull. Hallowi datts; are easy. Salrs firm
et 2',zC
Mail advices from New York say: "The
feature in dried fruits yesterday was a firmer
fw-ling In currants, du-2 to a higher market in
Greece. Cables to a number of houses in the
local trade from PatrAS reported an ' advance
there cf Is 6d per cwt., equivalent to aboift
l-3c per pound. The exact cause of the im
provement is not certain. Several explana
tions were given here. One report was that
the advance was due to an Increase In buying
bT the Continent, stocks of really useful cur
rants remaining in Greece, according to one
version, bfir.g re-duc?"! to about 2000 tons. An
rtber reason advanced is that a very much
larger percentage of the vines has been in
jured by the reronofjurcs than was at first
FupposeJ. thereby reducing the estimates of
the total of the coming crop. Stocks here are
around SCCO bbls, almost all in the hands of
one hoMer. Prices had not been advanced up
ir> a late hour yesterday. Buying of currants
fc.is been light since beginning of the year,
the trade purchasing in a hand-to-mouth way
in expectation of lower prices.
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Shipments have been normal during the
month of April and foreign shippers of the
crast lumber manufacturers have reaped good
price*, especially in the ports of Australia.
Eat-tern shipments of lumber and shingles have
been good, particularly in the latter sphere,
as the spring demand for repair purposes has
developed the fact that the redwood shingle
is rising in the favor of the Eastern con
rtructors. The Newport Wharf and Lumber
Company is making strong efforts to popularize
the redwood product in the Eastern market.
l»rices are not where they should be by a
lavge margin, and when charter rates and
middlemen are considered there can be but
l : t:le profit for the lumber manufacturer.
Pine. F^ruce and fir are cut to pieces, and no
iniprovement will come until a genius arises
Phoenix-like from the ashes of past comblna
tic-n failures and r«rf.K=ts a plan of consolida
ti.-n which will stick-
Pse!fic Ccaet Wood and Iron' for May says:
It began with a bad day, did the month of
April, and the conditions of development dur
ing the past thiriy have been in keeping with
the beginning, for those who hoped for any
improvement during the month were sadly dis
i>T :x>inted. The month has been a slow one
cr-1 no improvement has been noticeable.
The Lumber Trade.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf May 1 as follows. In tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costa. April 1 79.094 17,414
P-.rt CcKta, May 1 ?C,fC2 13.209
Fiocktor.. April 1 24.432 4.043
Stockton. May 1 22.820 2.907
Fsn Francisco, April 1 SS7 4,286
Pan Francisco, May 1 «^... 1,213 2.SS3
, Oats. Com. Bran.
April 1 3.469 245 53
May 1 2.668 114 67
Receipts In April w?re 9513 tons barley, 7S2
t'-us oats, 575 tons corn and 1545 tons bran.
¦ . ¦ Tons.
xniesu .....,*..—..:.... , , ss.«¥>
Barley •.'"•?•• 3a> * 00
Total ..'. .....:.... 122.000
TOTAL SALES FROM JUL.T i TO APRIL 30.
Ton?. '
Wheat ..••••.••••.••. ••-..••••».••»»..».«.-». *o*,mw
'Barley ................ .....••.....•...;-•-.• 1CS.C00
_— — _ —^—
Stocks of Grain.
FOB APRIU
Call Board Sales.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sh&res * Clo*in"
Sold. Stock— . Bid*
176,400 Atehison ... -....••.*..••....,,....., 7(5
72,100 Atchison prefd 103'4
39,500 Baltimore & Ohio 1OD%
300 Canadian Pacltlc 9a%
L900 Canada Southern w,.
12,000 Chesapeake & Ohio ihfr I
33,800 -Chicago Burlington & Quincy.... Ibfrh
4,3uO Chicago Ind & Louisville.... 37%
1,900 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 71%
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 132
6.S00 Chicago & Northwestern 2ISU
14,500 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 161
300 C C C Si St Louis 85%
13,100 Colorado Southern it
700 Colorado Southern 1st prefd..... 5JSi
2,100 Colorado Southern 24- prefd..., 28
3,600 Delaware & Hudson lli'.i
3,300 Ltelaware Lackawanna & Western.. 221V.
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande 471I
500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd S5"a
10,800 Erie! * 411?
9,100 Erie 1st prefd 72
8.100 Great Northern prefd ; 191:* I
4.300 Hccking Valley £5%
25,500 Illinois Central J47
Iowa Central ' .', gj
Iowa Central prefd 60
1,5«> Lake Erie & Western GS
100 'Lake Erie & Western prefd 124
22.E00 Louisville & Nashville .-. H0U
10,100 Manhattan Elevated .....: J2s^
7,500 Metropolitan Street Railway ! 173
38,500 Mexican Central 2%%
1.000 Minneapolis & St Louis ;. 86%
39,160 Missouri Pacific 103^
9. COO Missouri Kansas & Texas 2»S
4.&00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63%
1.1)00 New Jersey Central ....- .lof>'/
48.900 New York Central ...:..'. iC3 "
7.100 Norfolk &' Western 54S
SCO Norfolk & "Western prefd 89'
•i.100 Northern Pacific 115
7.1C0 Northern -Pacific prefd 101%
114.100 Ontario .13 Western 33^
35,400 Pennsylvania ......' 15714,
2,300 Reading ......' '. 44^.
*>,5O0 Reading 1st prefd ; 79 °
41,PO0 Reading 2d prefd 58
3,700 St Louis & San Fran 49%
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 85</ 2
8,100 St Louis & San, Fran 2d prefd.....: 72,
3,300 St Louis Southwestern ;... . 3sy-
S.SOO f?t Louis ¦ Southwestern prefd... 67 a i
41,500 St Paul ; 1724i
100 St Paul prefd ""l92
173,600 Southern Pacific ::.'... 5714
51,400 Southern Railway '.jaf!
16,400 Southern Railway prefd ". S'u.
'11.C00 Texas & Pacific 4yii
504,700 Union Pacific *"l20'i
3f>,100 Union Pacific prefd ..; ..'9S
15,100 Wabash : ;. 2144 1
SL9C0 Wabash prefd 44.V
f/JO Whet-ling & Lake Erie • ..Ifc3»!
COO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 3S»i •
4.SO0 Wisconsin Central ..;
l.SGO Wisconsin. Central prefd ; 4s
2,!K)0 Chicago Terminal & T,..,... 23Vi
8.500 Chlcajro Terminal & T prefd 47
105,000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd....... ss
II.VjO Chlcaro & Alton.. 48%
10.100 Chicago & Alton prefd n%
10,500 Chicago Great Western.../ 24»i
100 Chicago Great Western prefd ... S4 '
Chicago Great Western prefd B.... S3
2.800 Erie id prefd....... .-. f<) •
K.100 Hocking Valley prefd 731,4
3. SOO Mexican National ....." 12%
5,fr00 St Louis & Western ls?i
'8,100 St Louis ft Western prefd..' 36^
....:.. P C C & St Louis 68
6,900 Consolidated Gas ; ...:..:... 226^4
y 500 Hocking Coal :.„ is
5.1OO International Power * 84
1,200 * Renubllc Iron & Steel....." : 20%
1,308 Republic Iron & Steelprerd...'. ....y 77:.<;
Express Companies—
Adams- .....:........ ; 160 (1
: American '. 196
- £00 United StateE. ex. div. 8714
....... Wells Kanro 147
" Miscellaneous —
11.600 Amalgamated Corner 123VJ,
1,1*00 American- Car, &; K...; 25%
300 American Car & F prefd ........ 79% I
200 American Linseed Oil ;.. 13H
f00- American Linseed Oil prefd 3o'~
1.000 American Smeltine & Refining 61.
J.5C0 American Smelting & Ref prefd../. D7%
11.000 American 'Tobacco ~.~. ........ .... -.127U
4.7*0 Anaconda Mining-. Co ; &l#
24. CCO Brooklyn Rauld Transit........ SG*T
buying until the price touched 129. From. that
point the stock fell back by feverish fluctua
tions to 123 and then vibrated wildly, as
though the traders were attempting to find a
level representing some undisclosed offer for
the stock. - The violent relapse In Union Pa
cific came about the. same time as the an
nouncement of the dividend act. on Atehison.
As there have been very demonstrative claims
that this semi-annual dividend would' be 2
per cent instead of 1% per cent, there were
some disappointed . traders, who sold the stock
freely on the announcement, causing a relapse
of 3 points. The market looked at this time
as though it would lose all the advantage de
rived from, the' spurt In Union Pacific and
a large, part of the recoveries which had
reached from 13 points from the low level were
lost again. The general movement, of prices
was so erratic as to throw the speculation into
contusion, and operators refrained from taking
action, leading to practically the first period
of anything approaching dullness for the week.
In the course of the afternoon, however. Union
Pacific renewed its advance in a much more
orderly and well-sustained manner than in the.
morning, and very notable buying of Northern
Pacific supplemented thi* movement. The
I great speculative movement thereupon resumed
I full swing, the participants showing undltnin
lshed industry in seeking out new points of
strength and bringing about a general resump
tion of strength. Union Pacific's late advance
carried it up to 130, an extreme rise of i
points and New York Central touched 163%, a
gain of 5%. Northwestern gained 5% on- the
day. These advances were apparently sympa
thetic and gave color to the supposition that
•the Vanderbilts • had I secured control of the
Union Pacific. This supposition was commonly
accepted this morning, but the violent move
ments in Union Pacific pave rise to surmise of
a renewed contest for the control of the prop
erty. There Is an appearance- of uncertainty
among the Insiders as to where the actual con
trol lies, but that a bold contest in the open
market for the control has been going en is
now an accomplished fact, and, following- upon
the accomplishment of ihe Burlington deal.
It makes the speculative public quite ready to
jump at any suggestion of a consolidation of
whatever magnitude. The conditions precipi
tated by the Burlington deal, especially when
followed by the- Union Pacific operation, give
a very logical basis for the suspicion that rival
railroad systems are in a measure in an un
protected position unless they follow with sim
ilar consolidations. The Pennsylvania dividend
was also a disappointment to the more ebul
lient class of speculators, as they had predicted
with great confidence that it would be sup
plemented by an extra dividend, but the ef
fect on the stock was very slight, as It came
after the market had fairly turned upwsrd
again. The additional engagements of $1,250,000
in gold for to-morrow's French steamer came
as a surprise, and the earlier announcement
was a large factor in the chilling influences
on the opening stock market, following is It
did . yesterday afternoon's advance to C per
cent in the call money rate. The rate ran
up to 6 per cent again to-day under th« de
mand from belated borrowers, but the specu
lative contingent was not disturbed. The dis
bursements of Government Interest and of
corporation earnings incident to the first of
the month are looked to keep the present
needs of the money market supplied. There
were periods of strength to-day among the coal
ers, especially the Readings, railroads in the
Southern region, the Wabashes, Mexican Cen
tral. Baltimore and Ohio. Illinois Central,
Western Union, United States Leather, Glu
cose, People's Gas, Hocking Valley, Interna
tional Power, General Electric and a number
of minor stocks, but none of these movements
was explained by anything else than the gen
eral speculative conference. The day's busi
ness, though falling half a million shares be
low yesterday's level, was still of abnormal
proportions. The United States Steel stocks,
though continuing very active, moved very nar
rowly.
The heavy business in bonds to-da.y was large
ly accounted for by the extraordinary dealings
and price in Union Pacific convertible fours In |
sympathy with the stock. Otherwise the price |
were moderately active and strong. Total
sales, par value. Jll,£95.C00. United States 3s
declined U per cent on the last call.
Silver continues to decline. Exchange unchanged.
Lighter stocks of grain in warehouse and on wharf.
April rather a poor month in the Lumber trade.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy.
.'Other cereals as before quoted.
Hax and Feedsiuffs quiet at previous prices.
v-Govcrnmcnt takes nearly 100,000 pounds of White Beans. -
i Potatoes continue to advance. Old Onions and Vegetables linn.
X Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs weak.
: y Poultry in moderate supply and very steady.
:; ['Almond, Prune and Apricot crops showing up very light.
"V iCherries coming in split by the rain. Strawberries still high.
cars of Oranges sold at auction. V*
.';:•'¦. Nothing new in Provisions. V
: ; : . Meat market quiet and unchanged.
•¦¦ '¦¦"'. Fair trading on the local stock exchanges.
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s; No. 1 Northern spring,. 6s l%d; No.
1 California, 6s 2d. Futures— Steady; July, 5s
ll%d; September, 5s lid. ¦ ¦
CORN— Spot. Fteadju American mixed, new
and old. 4s 3d. FuUrfes— Quiet: May, nominal;
July, 4s %d; September, 4s Ud. ,\;
LIVERPOOL, May 1.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2%d; wheat Jn Paris,
quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French country
markets, part cheaper; weather in England,
cloudy. ¦ •
COTTON— Uplands. 4 18-32d. .
%;,>t\V. / CLOSING. :¦> : "v:..
LONDON. May 1.— Silver, "27 3-I6d; French
rentes, lOlf 47%c: -wheat cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady;' No. 1 Standard California.
30s l%d;.". Walla Walla, 30a; 'English country
markets, generally 6d dearer.
PORTLAND, Or.. Msy 1.— Clearings, $311,
€10; balances, $55,507. .
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May l.-VWHEAT— Walla Walla,
53@60c.
WASHINGTON. ;.»
TACOMA, May 1.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Foreign Markets. A .1
The sales for the week in Boston amounted tA
3,160,600 pounds domestic and 417,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 3,557,000, against a
total of 3,281,000 for the previous week.
The sales since January 1 amount to 73,700,000
pounds, against 53,€S0,0O0 pounds for the cor
responding tjme last year.' • y'";i ;
Portland's Business.', : »
BOSTON, May 1.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
.The tone of the market has continued quiet,
but generally very steady. The demand, such
as It has been," has extended to about every
thing.
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17.000. Sheep, weak;
lambs, slow. Clipped lambs, $4 75; good to
choice wethers, %i 25@4 65; fair to choice,
mixed, $4 10@4 40; AVestern sheep, $* 30@4 65;
Texas sheep, yearlings, $4 35@4 65; natTve
lambs, $4 35@5 25; Western lambs, $1 50@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, estimated, 3000. Opened weak,
closed steady. \ Mixed and butchers, $3 55®
6 85; good to choice heavy, $5 65<g5 87%; rough
heavy, $5 F.0@5 60; light, $5 50® 5 77%; bulk of
sales. $5 70@5 80. ¦ . ' -¦ .
CHICAGO, May 1.— CATTLE— Recetpts, 18,-
COO, Including SOO Texans. Steers, active and
steady. Good to prime steers, $4 95@3 90; poor
to - medium, $3 90@4 90 ; sto<ikers and feeders,
firm, $3<§!1 90; cows, $2 65@4 60; heifers, $3 70®
4 SO: canners. $2@2 60; bulls, $2 83574 40; calves :
$4@5; Texas fed steers $4 25@5 40; do grassers,
$3 50@4 : Texas bulls, $2 75@3 85.
Chicago Livestock Market
NEW YORK, May 1.— Cotton clcsad dull, un
changed to 3 points higher.
New York Cotton Market
Copper was steady and a shade easier. under
liquidation, and closed at unchanged prices.
Export* for the month of April amounted to
4929 tons, the smallest since 1892. The total
for four months to date is 28,987 tons, or. 25.1G7
tons less than , the same months for the same
period a year ago. Lead was . dull and un
changed here. Spelter was easier; closed at
$4@4 05. Pigiron warrants unchanged.
NEW .YORK, May L— The local market for
tin scored a further advance ' to-day. After a
slow trade the local market closed' Rteady in
tone at $25 75026 15. The stock of tin posted
to-day, shows the American visible supply to be
8332 tons. ' . ¦- .-;*<¦'
PARIS.
Wheat — May. July- Aug.
Opening 18 00^ 19 60
Closing 19 00 19 70
Flour—
Opening ¦.. 23 70 24 63
Closing 23 70 24 65 •
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL. -,.;,,
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% 5 11 6 10%
Closing 5]o _ 6 11% 6 11
. On ¦ the Produce ESchange to-daji the ' butter
market was easy; creamery. 14@lS%c; .dairy.
ll#17a "Cheese, dull, ' 9%@llc. Eggs, weak;
fresh, ll%c.
Condition of. the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 1.— To-day's statement
o£ the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balances. $156,434,208; gold, $56,767,053.
XEW YORK, May- 1.— Money on. call closed
3%@4 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent; ruling
rate. 4 per cent. Prune mercantile paper, 4@
4% per cent. Sterling exchange, steadier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 83 for
demand and at $4 U% for CO days. Posted
rates, $4 85%@4 S6 and $1 83. Commercial
bills, ?4 84©4 »4%. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar
silver. 59%c. Mexican dollars, 4S'4c Govern
ment bonds, weak; State bonds, strong; rail
road bonds, strong. ' -• • ' '
A T ew York Money Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land ....... 3%
Call loans S&®4% Westngh Else ..... 64
Time loans 4@4V> Bonds —
Stocks— n E G & Coke 5s.. 66%
Atch Top & S F. . 7S£ Mining Shares— . .
Do prefd 103 Adventure 16%
Amer Kugar 14S Bfngham Mng Co-.. 25%
Do prefd ..12! Amal Copper . v .....123
Amer Tele .1 17« Atlantic \.,S3%
Boston & Albany.. 262% Boston Sc Mont.. .1.450 •
Boston Elevated ..177 Butte & Boston 114
Boston & Maine... IPS CaTumet & Hecla..840
Chi Bur & Q 19S% Centennial ....-;.... 37%
Dominion Coal .... 37 Franklin 18%
I>3 Prefd 111. Humboldt 25 ?
Fitchburg prefd 147 Osceola. ¦ S8
General Elec 2?0 Parrot ..:... S3 -
Fd Elec IH....- 240 Qulncy 175
Mexican Cent CS'i Snnta Fe Copper... -8
N E Gas Sz Cok«.. 11% Tam*r*ck 333
Old Colony 210% Utah Mining ...... 33%
Old Dominion ZS% Winona 4%
Rubber .- 21 Wolverines 54
Union Pac 129^ • *-.-;.-„¦- A , ; ,;- 7
H22 S ol °ra<io Fuel & Iron.........;. 103*4
5,£C0 Continental Tobacco 46
.300 Continental Tobacco prefd ......104^
f.400 General Electric 229 .
9 -J22 Glucose Sugar :. 63%
400 -International Paner .: 24
300 Internaional Paner prefd ...: 78
1C0 Laclede Gas ...... . .. 84&
300 National Biscuit- 40
200 National Lead ...: ....: 17U
> 300 National -Salt 44
j. 1.000 National Salt prefd 73
o.<00 North American 87%
100 Pacific Coa.-t 60 .
1 Pacific Mr.il '. 40U
20.600 People's Gas ' .... 118U
3.300 Pressed Steel Car..:.. 46%
3 -™0 Prepred Steel Car prefd : 86
,. Pullman Palace Car, ex div .209
11.500 Sugar 14754.
,.o*^ Tenne!! see Coal & Iron.. ,\ .'...• C5%
112,700 United States Leather................ .1.'.%
:.,5no United States leather prefd 78%
, ?£<> United States Rubber 21'i
l,»00 United States Rubber prefd.. : 61H
100 Union Bag & P 1314
•¦¦¦¦¦¦ ilr.ion Bag & P prefd C9
229.600 United States Steel 64^
119.600 United States Steel prefd lOHi
19,200 Western Union 96%"
2,750,000 Shares sold."
CLOSING BONDS.
OS 2s ref reg..;..106% N Y Cent lsts..,...107H
Do coup... 106% N J Cent een Es..l33%
Do 3s reg.......:.110Vi Northern Pac 3s... 73i'»
Do 3s coup HOVi Do 4s.. .......... ..ICoVi
Do new 4s reg....l3S% N Y C & S L 4s. ...106
Do new 4a coup..l3S% N & W con 4s.....l01»i
Do old 4s reg...,.113% Or Nav lsts.... 109
Do old 4s coup. ..113% Do 4s..... 1«W
Do Es reg ..110 Or Short Line 6s. ..128
Do Es coup....... 110 Do con Es ..116
Dls of Col 3.65s.... 125V4 Reading Gen 4s.... 95*i
Atehison gen 4s. ...103 ROW lsts.........l01H
Do adj 4s 95% St L & I M con 5s.ll5Vi
Canada Sou 2ds....lOS is L & S F sen 6S..131H
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO6U |St Paul con.... ....132
Do Es. ..'..: jlMVijSt P C & P lsts. ..118%
C & N con 7s 1140% Do Es .120
Do.S F Deb 5s... 124 Southern Pac 4s... 94
Chic. Term 4s..:..'. 05% .Southern Ry Ss....ll6%
Colorado Sou 4s S9V M Stand R & T 6s.... 60
D A- R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts.... 119'^
Erie Gen 4s 57% Do 2ds 100
F W ft D C lsts. .-.110 Union Pac 4s.. ....10574
Gen Electric 5s....lS5 1 ,3 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts 117?i Do 2ds 110
L & N Unl 4s 103 West Shore 4s 1HV.
M K & T 2ds 8:»Vi Wis Cent 4s 91%
Do 4s 99 Va Centuries ...... 93%
MINING STOCKS. f
Adams Con 20|Llttle Chief .". 12
Alice .: 4.0 Ontario..:.. 8 50
Breece 1 05 Ophir 93
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix .: CS
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosl . ¦ 05
Con Cal & Va 2 30 Savage 05
Dead wood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 24
Horn Silver.... I 10 .Small Hopes.... E5
Iron Silver 60 Sandard 3 75
Leadville Con 03
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Artlcies— Receipts. Shipments.
Flo-ur, barrels 47.000 .-.-"-» - 41.000
Wheat, bushels ;...... P7 COO - - ' ' ¦ 317,000
Corn, bushels .'. 269,000. 1S6.000
Oats, bushels- . . 44G.0C0. 308,000
Kye. bushels .......... . 12.000.' . 2.C0O
Barley, bushels 23,000 14,000
; COAL— Wellington,' $3 » per • ton; . Southfleld
Wellington, $!); Seattle, $7: Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay,,?; $5 50; AVallsend. $3:^ Co-ooeratlve WaiU-
. GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7c; local make. %c leas than
Calcuttas; .Wool- Bags. 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7ri@8c. ¦.,«',;
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9&c; medium, 8^c; light, Sc; Cow
¦Hides. 8%e for heavy and Sc for light; Stags
6c; Salted Kip, .3c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted Calf
10c; Dry Hides, .lo'/i^iec: Culls. 13%(fil4c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and Brands
l.".@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15(5250 each:
short Wool. 30@4Oc each; medium. 50@65c; long
Wool, 75c<fi$l each; Horse Hides, salt, %2 50 for
large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and SOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for
large, $1 25 for medium. $l;for sm_all and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer. or red skins,
S."ic: fair or, medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins,. 2Cc. .,_ Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c
large and smooth, COc; medium, 33c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ,4^c per lb; No 2
3^rrf4c: grease. .2(5 2%c.'*>B* ¦•-,-•,.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 15@!6c per lb: Northern, free, 12Te
13c; defective. 9©llc: Middle County, free 10«J
11: do. defective, -8@10c; Southern, 12 months
8@9c: Southern. • free, 7 months, 7(gl0c; do de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc;- Oregon. Valley, fine 15
(!T16c; do, medium and, coarse, 14@15c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, 12@llc; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
: . HOPS-13@20c' per lb. '" .
Hides, ' Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per ; lb for
heavy, 12^®13c for light medium, 13^c "for
light, 14%c for extra light and 15^c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. -$12 50; Fam
ily $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$23- 'Mess, 519; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
¦ LARD— Tierces' quoted tat 6%c per lb for
compound and 1044c. for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tTns,'lH4c: 5-lb tins, 11-Hc. .
COTTQLENE— One half-barrel. 876c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
S^c; five tierces, S%c per'lb.
•The market shows no further change.
FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7>,4c for Royals;.
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, 1^4ig2c;
Peaches, 3»i®4c for standard. 4Vi@5%c for
choice and 6ti6Vic for fancy; Pears, 2@7c;
Plums.' pitted, 3%©3c; unpltted. l@l%c: Nec
tarines. 4ff».4V£c for red and 4®5c for white. '
PRUNES — 1 sizes. 3c: 40-oOs. 6Uc: 50-603. 4Uc:
6O-70S. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3tfc; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s,
2Vic; 100-120S, l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has. established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c: nrime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOHc per
lb; choice, 9&c;\ standard, S%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6%c: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6Vac; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 6c; 3-crown, ¦ 5Hc, and
4-crowri, 6V4c~ seeded _. (Fresno prices), - 5Vjc;
London Layers, 2-crown, . $1 50 per box : 3
crown, $1 CO; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, 52 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 sottshell. 10@llc: No.'
2 7V4«i 1 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 19c; No. 2, 6@7c-
Almonds. 13014c for papershell, labile for soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, ll@lU£c; Filberts,
12(j?12Hc: Pecans, ll^inc: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%® 14c for brieht.and 12^J
<j?13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7@7\4c; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, 4®
C BEESWAX— 25©2Sc per lb.
Provisions: Y ~' : '
A -^irge and enterprising local house Is en
gaged !n finding out the size .of the different
crops as compared with last year. All dis
tricts in the State are being closely canvassed.
In the case of Almonds every grower is sent a
printed sheet with a stamped return envelope
and requested to fill out the blank inquiries
and return. From these returns it is found
that the crop of Almonds will be 37 per cent
of last year's, ninety-two individual reports
having thus far been received. As for Prunes,
the returns will not be In for some days yet.
but Sonoma County reports less than a. third
of - last year's crop, while, ns before men
tioned, a San Jose authority, says that the
Santa Clara crop will not be over 20 per cent
of last year. Apricots are set down at about
25 per cent. Thus it will be seen that light
crops will be' the rule this year. t
Dried -Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Cherries. are showing the effects of the rain
and are coming in split. Receipts are light
and the market is firm. Strawberries are also
in light' receipt and prices continue high.
Nine cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy J^avels, $1@2 05: choice do, 7SeSJ
Jl 20: Standard do. 70c@$l 50; Seedlings, 65390c;
Valencias, %\ 4C@2 25.
The market for . all citrus fruits remains
as before quoted.
Blackberries from Covina brought $3 per
crate.- ' ' ¦¦"¦-:•;;'¦ -.,'••'-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—^.t ¦_^.^> --:'-..
CHERRIES— Receipts were 393 boxes, selling
at 50c@$l per . box for red and $1 25@1 59 for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $10(013 per chest for Long
¦w*rths and $10 for large .berries. Receipts
Were 95 chests.
CITRUS B'RUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 25;
Seedlings. 75c@$l ;¦ Tangerines, 73c®$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25- for* common and SI 50@2 50 for'i
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c(B$l 50; Mexican 1
Limes. $4 50515; Bananas, $1 25® 2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 23® 2 for- Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 50@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruiis.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice,
8V4c; common, nominal; Young Americas, lC^c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— ¦ '
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen. . '. -
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
1 Jc ; seconds, . * :-•••:«. ;-y
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds ;
store, 12c.
BUTTER— r . . . ¦ ' ,
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c ;. seconds,
DAIRY. EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, lKftmic per lb for fancy
and 16Hc for seconds; dairy. 14<??16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@10%c; oid,
9@9%c per lb. t
EGGS— Ranch. 15®16%c for good to fancy;
store, 13@145.2O. per dozen.-. .. ¦;
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS
The feeling in Butter continues firm, as
stocks are now moderate, and the Dairy Ex
change advanced Its quotations. There are
~practically.no orders for -fresh on the mar
ket, though Alaska is sending some orders for
packed goods. Everybody is now packing.
Cheese is in ample supply and unchanged.
Eggs continue weak, and though prices are
hardly quotable lower, close buyers can get
He off from the quotations. Stocks on the
floors are increasing every day and are now
getting rather unwieldy. •' '
Receipts were €8,100 pounds and 81 tubs of
Butter, 1687 ' cases Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 28.750 pounds California Cheese and — -
pounds- Eastern Cheese. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Arrivals of Poultry continue light and the
market is firm, with a good demand, and
some descriptions are higher. Turkeys, are
neglected, as buyers find them grassy. .
Two cars of Eastern Poultry v were on the
market. \
Hare and Rabbits are dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@lle for Gobblers
and ll@12c for. Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50,??
1 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50@8 for
old and $6@7 for young; Hens, $l<g)5 50; young
Roosters. $7@8; old Roosters. J4@4 50; Fryers,
$5 50@6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and $2®
3 50 for small; Pigeons, SJ 75S2 per dosen for
old and $1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $l<g:i 25; Rabbits, $150 for Cot
tontail and 75e@?l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 73c@$l 50 per "box;
Asparagus, $1 85®2 .for fancy; jl 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and 75ciQ)$l 25 for No. 2; Green
Peas, $1@>1 75 per sack; Garden Peas, 2}i@3c
per lb; String Beans, 4@9c for Los Angeles
and 8@9c for Vacavllle ; Horse Beans, 50@60c
per sack; Cabbage, 90c@|l per ctl; Tomatoes,
Mexican, $1.25@>1 50 per crate; from, Los Ange
les, $125^2; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry'Okra,
15c per lb; Carrots, 25(§35c per sack; HothQUSo
Cucumbers, 50@90c per dozen: Garlic. lQigMa
per lb; Green Peppers, 15@20o per lb; Egg
Plant, SOc per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and. Vegetables^
Potatoes -continue 'very firm and prices 'are
somewhat higher. Old Onions are firm under
limited supplies, but new are weaker, as th£
rain lias rendered them soft and inferior. New
Potatoes continue firm under very light re
ceipts, as the storm has interfered with field
work. . . • . ' .
Arrivals of Vegetables continue much below
the average, owing to the recent storm, and
prices are therefore still firm. -¦-aanbgfysiSC
Receipts were 843 boxes Asparagus, 150 boxes
Rhubarb, 444 sacks Bay Peas, 153 sacks String
Beans and 46 sacks New Potatoes. . -
'POTATOES— Early Rose, -75c«m:- Burbanks,
$l(g'l 25 for -River and $1 50@l 73 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50: Sweets. 50@63c for Mer
ced; New Potatoes. 2%@3c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 5<Jc@?l 23 per' tack;
Australians, $4; Green ' Onions, 30(f2G3c per box;
New White, $3; New Red, $2@2 25 per sack,
sack.' • '..¦•'¦ " "• ¦¦•."*¦•¦ "^
sacks of this description on hand and the mar
ket is very firm In consequence. Otherwise
there is nothing new. . ' ¦•¦, .
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 E0®2 70; Small White. $4 85
(So; Large White, $}<g>l 20; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Red, J3<8'3 25; Blackeye, $2 73@3; Limas, $6 25
@6 50; Pea,' nominal ; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctL
. SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, • 3%<8>
3%c for - Eastern ; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2@
2'Atc; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy. 6%c. .
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $202 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per M; Blackeye, nominal.
WEDNESDAY, May 1—4 xf. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha " C3 Co Justice C6 09
Alta 04 eSRentucK 02 03
Andes C3 06 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 14 13 Mexican 34 35
Best & Belcher 33 34 Occidental 03 05
Bullion 03 €4iOphir 105 110
Caledonia 61 65|Overman IS 20
Challenge Con. 12 U|Potosl • C8 09
Chollar C9 10. Savage 16 17
Confidence 60 65 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 45 2 50 Sesr Betcher — 04
Con Imperial... — Cl Fierra Nevada. 27 23
Con New York. — CljSllver Hill 3t 35
Crown Point... IS 18: St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con 0« —Standard i 00 4 15
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — 05
Gould ts Curry. 17 is Union Con 12 14
Hale & Nor.... 23 24 Utah C2 C4
Julia — 021 Yellow Jacket.. 12 IS
The following were the sa!es In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher ....A... 15 3C0 Sierra Nevada. 28
200 Best & Belcher 34 3C0 Union Con 13
<0O Con Cal & Va..2 50 800 Yellow Jacket.. 15
500 Ophir 1 07Vi 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
8C0 Ophlr 105!
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 34 1 200 Overman 18
2C0 Best & Belcher 33 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 27
500 Con Cal & Va..2 50 SOO Yellow Jacket.. U
5CO Oprir 1 07^!
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornfnc Session.
ZOOBW & Belcher 34 100 Overman 18
300 Chollar 10 200 Savage 17
CM) Con Cal & Va..2 50 500 Sierra Nevada. 27
500 Kentuck CS 550 Union Con 12
300 Opbir 1 10
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Alpha .......... 0S\ SCO Mexican 33
100O Andes t C6, 2C0 Overman 18
1100 Con Cal & Va..2 50; ICO Sierra Nevada. 27
1000 Gould & Curry. 17! 600 Yellow Jacket.. 13
The following were the sales In the San Fran-
Board— .
100 California-Standard 39
5 Hanford. s 30... :.. 9S 00
40C0Lion OH Co. s 30.........'. 13
3600 Lion Oil Co 13
600 Monarch of Arizona 52
220 Monte Cristo ?«
10O Monte Crif to ¦ ; 2 45
500 Petroleum Center 0. 14
100 Reed Crude 45
1C0 Superior 22
Street—
50 Home OH 335
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Bear Flag 14
2C0O California-Standard. 33
2 Hanford 99 no
1 Hantord 100 00
500 Lion Oil Co 15
10rt Monte Crlsto 245
2000 Petroleum Center 13
1000 Reed Crude 43
10C Reed Crude 44
Street—
2C0 Kome Oil '. 340
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: SessicZ
Board —
11C0 California-Standard »
250 California & Utah Oil Co 25
SCO Four Oil Co 4")
10O Kern Oil ». 6 75
1000 Lion Oil Co. a 30... is
10O San Joaquin O &. D Co 9 75
250 California & Utah Oil Co 28
2000 Lion Oil Co, -cash 16
3CC0 Lion Oil Co '. ' 18
50 San JoaquJn O & D Co 9 75
CO San Joaauln O & D Co 3 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session,
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
steady; No.- 3 sprinjr wheat, 71@73V4c; No. 2
red, 74%@75c; No. -2 corn, 49c; No. 2 yellow.
49@49*4c: No. 2 oats. 28%c; No. 2 .white. 20Vic:
No 3 white. 28%iS29V4c; No. 2 rye, 53@34c; good
reeding barley, 45c; fair to choice malting, 51«j>
67c; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 70; No. ¦ 1 Northwestern,
$1 70; prime timothy seed, $3 75; mess pork, per
barrel; $14 85<B14 90; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 VWi
<3& 20; short-rib . sides (loose). $8 15@S 40: dry
salted shoulders - (boxed), J6 87>«@7 12>,4: short
clear Fides tboxed), $S 37V*@8 50; whisky,, basis
of 'high wines, SI- 27; clover, contract grade,
$10 £0. • .<- ¦ ' , . ¦• ¦
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAT 1.
FTour, qr sks..... 20, 405 1 Wool, balfts 13J
Wheat, ctls....... 3«0!Pelts. bdls ' 30
Barley, ctls 1,930 Hides, No. .a W3
Oats, ct!s 500 Wine, gals 2C.4C0
Corn ctls 35 Lime, bbls.i" 1S2
Potatoes, sks 1.766 Suear. ctls 4,C£0
Onions, sks 112 Tallow, ctlsr, 377
Bran, sk? 2, KOi Quicksilver, flsks 121
Middlings, ska... I7.V Leather, rolls.... 1C4
H»y, tons 356Chicory, bbl» . "
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 17.974 iPota toes, sks '4.3S3
, AUSTRALIA. 'i.'- t Z.\
Onions,' crates.... 1.4S9\
Receipts of Produce.
The situation stands as. before.,
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. "
VEAL— Large, 7«?8c; small. S<S9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S(5S%c; Ewes. 7}sS8c per
pound.
LAMB- Sprin?. SffS^c per pound. _
POHK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6Wf»
C%c; ISO to 225 lbs. 6%(g6'4c: 225 and over. 6®
6'ac; feeders. ; dressed Hogs. S%@9%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 2o In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: t-an
nel, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In. bulk and
$17 In sacks; Itocky Mountain descriptions.
*«s 40 per 200O pounds and ?S 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand. ,, ,
OILS-Californla Castor Oil. in cases. No- J.
75c: pure. $1 30'; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
73c; raw. 73c: cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 8oc; n » n ,
Nut. 55<SS5c per gallon; pure- Neatsfoot OH.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, twe.
Whale Oil, natural white] 37H@«%c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. in barrels. 33c; cases. 41c.
COAL OIL— Water. White Coal OH, -in bulK.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 2*c.
deodorized stove Gasoline, in .bulk, loc. in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases, zuc.
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases, - > 6c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per' gallon in cases ana
49c In drums or Iron barrels. /-.__,
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: -,__¦
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.6.V?; Confec
tioners' A,- 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. o.SOC.
Magnolia A. 5.23c: Kxtra C. 5.15c: Golden i~
5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more,
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 73 barrels or us
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barreU, 6.40c: boxes,
6.65c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO jCALLi, THURSDAY, MAY 2 V 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
CALL. CALENDAR.
STATION'S.
Last This Last
21 Jlours Season. Season.
xeka
<t Bluff
cramento
9 Krcncir-co
>«no
impendence
n I-uis Obispo..
h Ange'.os
n Diego
n
•r
il
B
I
R
_ 1
I 45. S3 47.95
24.21 21.97
0.10 19. E2 17.88
0.03 29.S1 18.10
0.18 11.00 8.31
0.04 5.S5 3.44
O.<9 30.85 lb.82
... <».76 15.53 6.10
... 0.S2 I 11.18 4.44
S. M. T. I W. T. I F. ! S. Moon's Phases.
l'|l 2 3 ~*7 C=\ Full Moon.
-I At May 3. -
_L_il_L_i_Liiii * La^t barter.
12 13 M 13 IS 17 IS *¦ Ma y "•
<^ New Moon,
10 20 21 22 23 24 25 ig? May 17-
26 27 2S 23 I 30 31 ~~~ -ft First Quarter.
[ -W , Mav 24.
S. M. T. I W. T. I F. ! S. Moon's Phases.
l'|l 2 3 ~*7 C=\ Full Moon.
-I At May 3. -
_L_il_L_i_Liiii * La^t barter.
12 13 M 13 IS 17 IS *¦ Ma y "•
<^ New Moon,
10 20 21 22 23 24 25 ig? May 17-
26 27 2S 23 I 30 31 ~~~ -ft First Quarter.
[ -W , Mav 24.
STATION'S.
Last This Last
21 Jlours Season. Season.
xeka
<t Bluff
cramento
9 Krcncir-co
>«no
impendence
n I-uis Obispo..
h Ange'.os
n Diego
n
•r
il
B
I
R
_ 1
I 45. S3 47.95
24.21 21.97
0.10 19. E2 17.88
0.03 29.S1 18.10
0.18 11.00 8.31
0.04 5.S5 3.44
O.<9 30.85 lb.82
... <».76 15.53 6.10
... 0.S2 I 11.18 4.44
otttJJ- Alittle of it judiciously invested ofttimes '
y/h brings great returns. O^
\/y/A Our business .is the combining of small VjA
\/yl capital, thus giving it the power to yield VjO
yyl healthy dividends. If you are interested in \vv
7^4 -making your money increase at the rate of
yvi 7 per cent to 15 per cent and yet have safe \V
]/jh security, call on v W
Wi The West Coast Inyestment Co. Kr
. V/A Thelan Building, San Francisco, Cal. fflLECTURE BY SWEDISH AUTHOR.— Dr.
Victor Hugo Wicketrom will lecture In Metro
politan Temple on Saturday, May 4, 1901, un
der the auspices of the • Swedish-American
Patriotic Leaffua.
* it was recently stated that England's arm:
and navy ¦- la Inadequate to properly def en<
herself from a sudden onslaught. England Is
in this, instance,, like Uhe. Individual who al
lows disease to , creep Into his • system throusl
a stomach > too ¦• weak to " properly ••• digest thn
food taken into it-.^To strengthen the stomacl
there ¦> is. nothing better .than "" Hostetter':
Stomach > Bitters. \\ It cures dyspepsia, constl
pation, E indigestion, - liver and kidney trouble
and as. a tonic is incomparable.'
England's Army and Navy.
Josephine M. Gregg has been granted a
divorce from William B. Gregg for cru
elty, j Artimesi Giberson has sued John S.
Giberson for divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of action.-
In the Divorce Court.
Attorney Pierson of the firm of Pierson
& Mitchell, representing the executors of
the will of the late James G. Fair, ap
peared in Judge Troutfs court yesterday
and asked the court to continue' the hear
ing of the contest to the will instituted by
Charles L. Fair, decedent's son, and the
petition for partial distribution and appli
cation to determine heirship filed by Mrs.
Nettie R. Craven., ¦ .
¦ Judge Coffey granted the motion, setting
Charles L. Fair's contest for May 15 and
continuing Mrs. Craven's cases to May 22.
Though no one is yet willing, to state
what proceedings will be taken regarding
Mrs. Craven's cases by the children of
Senator Fair since the Supreme Court has
held that the trust clause of his wilh is
Invalid and the residue must be dis
tributed, but Charles L. Fair's' contest
will be dismls^d iwhen It is demonstrated
to the satisfaction of his attorneys that
the Supreme Court will refuse any mo
tion that may be made for another re
hearing of the case on the validity of the
trust clause just adjudged invalid, j '
Fair Case Is Continued.
The Twenty-eighth Regiment of Volun
teers was mustered out of the service yes
terday. The mu»»rlng-out officers and
the paymasters made a record with this
regiment. They commenced operations at
10:30 a. m. and paid off- the last man at
2:30 p. m. • Most of the men procured
ordera for railroad tickets at the Railroad
branch office located at the Presidio and
left for their homes in the East last night.
- Private Peter A. Webber of Company G.
Thirteenth Infantry, died yesterday at the
general hospital.
The second nay's proceedings of the
court-martial of Corporal Davis on the
charge of extortion developed no new tes
timony. The same mass of accusations
was furnished by the merchants, but the
testimony was decidedly weak. The pros
ecution will rest to-day and .then the wit
nesses for the defense will be called.
Little Evidence Detrimental to
the Corporal.
TESTIMONY AGAINST
DAVIS IS NOT STRONG
Board of Officers at Presidio Secures
Henry 6. Foote appeared in United
States? Court Commissioner Heacock's
chambers yestsrday morning as attorney
for Jeung Lin Heung. one of the Chinese
woir.cn slaves captured recently in the
Federal raid in Sullivan alley. As he had
irit recently come into the case he de-
Fired a continuance, which was granted
until May 10.
Henry S. Foote to Defend.
The Santa Fe Railroad people reported
that they were ready to begin work on
China Basin as soon as the Harbor Com
missioners' t^iants were removed. The
secretary wa¥ instructed to notify all ten
ants that they must vacate at once.
At a meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners which was held yesterday after
noon the method which is being used for
the preservation of plies came in for an
exhaustive discussion and rather ¦ severe
criticism. The Commissioners have dis
covered that the creosote treatment which
is being administered under the existing
contracts is not sufficient to protect the
piles from the ravages of the teredoes.
They were in doubt, however, whether It
would increase the life of the pile if a
more expensive and more thorough treat
ment would be made. No definite action
was taken in regard to the matter. It
wan laid over for further discussion at
the next meetlnsr.
It was suggested that one of the pile
drivers be laid up and the work let by
contract, but no action was taken.
Harbor Commissioners.
Honesty is the best policy, but some
people believe in moderation in all things.
Archbishop Riordan. Performs the
Sacred Ceremony, Assisted by
Several Priests.
The little chapel of Sacred Heart Acad
emy was the scene of a very beautiful
and impressive service yesterday morn
ing, when Archbishop Riordan adminis
tered the rite of confirmation to twelve
pupils of the school. ' The audience ! was
limited to the- sisters in charge of the
academy and the parents of the children.
The chapel had been artistically decor
ated for the occasion with palms and
flowers and presented a most pleasing ap
pearance. Special music was rendered
during the ceremony. The little girls who
were confirmed were dressed in white and
each one carried a bunch of lilies.
Archbishop Riordan, assisted by Father
Dempsey and Father Mulligan of St.
Mary's Cathedral celebrated low mass,
hallowed by confirmation. The mass was
followed by a few words in which he set
forth to the children the sanctity of the
new obligations which they had assumed,
and asked that those present should pray
that they might always live in purity and
earnestness of heart. The services of the
morning were concluded with the exposi
tion of the blessed sacrament.
In the afternoon the children gathered
in uniform again for the benediction and
an act of consecration to the Blessed "Vir
gin, conducted by Father Dempsey. The
little ones then repeated In concert the
vows which had been taught them by tho
sisters.
Alice Barbat, Margaret de Vecchi, Lo
.retta Brady, Adeline Fisher, Eideen
O'Brien, Emma Bazet and Kathleen Far
rell received their first communion. Jen
nie Leonard. Marie Moynihan, . May
Keeny, Eva Madden and Catherine Oli
ver, the other little girls who were con
firmed, had received tlrst communion a
year before. .
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
CHILDREN CONFIRMED
John Gleason in Court on the Charge
of Attacking a Guardian of the
Peace at the Fight.
The case of John Gleason, manager of
the Twentieth Century Club, charged with
battery upon Corporal Egan at the Me
chanics' Pavilion Tuesday night, was
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
and continued till Saturday.
There is a strong feeling of indignation
against Gleason in the Police Department
for the way in which the policemen who
were present at the pavilion Tuesday
night were treated. For nearly two hours
the officers, although they were in citi
zen's clothes, helped to keep back the
crowds, but Gleason refused to allow
them to enter until late In the evening,
when Captain Wittman, after driving a
crowd back from the doors, gave the or
der and they were admitted.
Corporal Egan was specially detailed by
Captain Seymour to look out for pick
pockets, but Gleason positively refused to
allow him inside the pavfllon and shoved
him away. The policemen say they were
Insulted, by two special officers and the
doorkeepers,
Gleason called • upon Captain Seymour
yesterday morning and apologized for his
conduct, giving as an excuse that he did
not know that policemen were allowed in
side the- pavilion. Police Commissioner
Mahoney was one of those refused admit
tance and he had to pay $5 for a ticket.
FIGHT PROMOTER OFFENDS
POLICEMEN AT PAVILION
It was a quiet wedding, judged from the
standpoint that only the relatives and.im
mediate friends were present; s but the
families of both the contracting parties
uniting them according to the solemn and
impressive rites of their church.
I^ttprs of guardianship upon the person
tot Eugene Bojmell, the tiny gTandson of
Mrs. Eiiza M. Tolman. were granted to
Secretary Whit* of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
by J-itfse Coffey yesterdny. Mrs. Tolman,
f ; nm n hose unkempt and unsanitary abode
at Oee-an View the lad was recently taken,
v.as on the witness stand, and her testi
mony developel the fact that at one time
rfc* occupied a position of affluence in this
Hr.\ Her hushand. Dr. George B. Tol
man. in years' past enjoyed a lucrative
pr:ict!of> and owned one of the large down
town drugstores. For some years, how
over. ho has not lived with Mrs. Tolman,
vino pays he is residing somewhere on
"."lempntina street.
It Is coricnrted that the filthy condition
of Mrs. Tolman's Ocean View abode is
not due to poverty. At the time her
?randson was taken from her home 6he
acted fo straneely that she was taken
into custody for observation, that her
mental condition might be determined.
When searched at the Receiving Hospial
about $150 was found in her possession,
and she admitted having much more
money. -^ -•-
Th»* Insanity Commissioners, while ad
mitting that age has impaired her mental
ptr^ngth. difl not believe that she should
be sent to the asylum, so she was given
back her money and sent to her home
after the guardianship matter had been
disposed of.
RETURNS TO HER HOME
WITHOUT HER GRANDSON
Mrs. Eliza M. Tolman Testifies 5a
Eugene Bonne] 1 Guardianship
Case Before Judge Coffey.
STANDING in a bower of white
wisteria and surrounded by their
relatives and immediate friends,
Caroline S. Lilienthal and Milton
H. Esberg were yesterday made
man and wife, the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
The decorations of the home were most
elaborate and artistic. In the drawing
room, where the ceremony was per
formed, white . wisteria was used almost
entirely. In the white and gold drawing
room American Beauty roses made a
beautiful decoration, and in the magnifi
cent hall hawthorne was used with
artistic effect.
Mr. and Mrs. Esberg have gone south
for the honeymoon. Their future home
will be in this city.
honor, wore a dainty frock of white tulle
over white silk.
MR. AND MRS. MILTON H. ES
BERG, WHOSE WEDDING TOOK
PLACE YESTERDAY AT NOON.
Tho Hayes Valley Athletic Club haa
completed all arrangements for Its exhi
bition which Is to be given to-morrow
evening In the annex- of the Mechanics'
Pavilion The club has been recently In
corporated and is a member of the Pa
cific Coast Amateur Athletic Association.
Its membership comprises a number of
residents of Hayes Valley. ¦ There are
elcht events scheduled for the exhibition,
tho principal of which is a ten-round bout
between Frank Nell of the Bay City Ath
letic Club and George .Margarini of the
Los Angeles -Athletic Club .The other
seven events include- contests between
•'Kid' 1 Bias of the Bay City Athletic Club'
and Mike Smith'of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club at 115 pounds; "Jockey" Ben
nett and Edward- Tillson at 110 pounds:
John McCarthy Dan ari35
pounds; James McDonald of the Bay City
Athletic Club. and> Henry Wesser ofithe
Haves Valley Athletic Club at 125 pounds;
"Cvclcne" Kelly and John Hammond at
145 pounds; VKid" McCoy and Joseph
Wa rd at 120 pounds, and Georgre White
and "Joe"- Hill at 105 pounds. : . ' ¦ :¦¦
The referee of the bouts will be James
McDevitt and the judges Joseph Rock and
James Raggett. Edwin M. Sweeney haa
been selected as master of ceremonies and
Benjamin I.' Salomon will* act as time
keeper. The' officers of the club, who will
have ' active charge of the affair, are:
Philip Wessa, president:: Thomas "Ed
wards, vice president;- Philip Rodgers.
secretary; Charles Levy,, treasurer; direc
tors— George E.\ Hislop', Benjamin .Lust,
Joseph ; Zuckerman,' John Dougherty and
John G.Fitzgerald. •
Hayes Valley Club Fights.
WASHINGTON, May, 1.— The' following
Postofflce Department orders were issued
to-day: Postmasters appointed: Califor
nia—E. M. ' Solhamu.1, Port Lo£ Angeles,
Los Angeles Counly, vice C. C. Strong,
deceased; W. M. Cleaveland, Spanish
Ranch. Plumas County, vice Richard
T O 0 rTg P o 8 n 0 V e p gn Mil.er. McKlnley. ¦ Coo«
CO C U a n p t t y ain Vi ? *£*&%&"&> "biln^e
tached from the Indiana to go to Mare
Island yard as captain of the yard.
Captain B. T. Clayton, quartermaster,
f«s n<scile-npd to duty on the transport ljaw
to " at San* Francisco, relieving Captalu
W? C. Cannon, who is transferred to the
These pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia—Original—Benjamin Barnett. Los
Angeles, *6; Samuel N. Baker, Los Ange
,„- « Original widow— Anne H. E. Hale.
Berkeley^ If. War with Spain-Original-
Frank A Hullng, Los Angeles, 18.
Oregon-^-Origlnal-Jacob Hockett, Wood
hum S8- George McGowan. Portland, $6.
Original 'widowl-EU2abeth Wooley . Eagle
Point, $8; Almlra Knafcp, La Grande. $8.
War with Bpain-Widow-Martha Ann
Holbrook. mother, Lowell, J12. ,¦..-,,.
WMWnkton-Orfginal-Williain .- -King.
Soldiers' Home, Orting. $10. Additional-
Andrew J. Hood, North Yakima, 58.;
Changes in the Postofflce Department
and a Number of New Pen
sions Issued.
INTEBESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Drowned (bodies recovered), April 11,
Oscar E. Weeding, Company A, Twenty
seventh Infantry; April 17, John T. Ess
man, Company A, Twenty-eighth Infan
try April 26, Corporal James D. McGill
and Robert L. Tipps, Company A, Twen
ty-first Infantry.
All other causes— April 22, Corporal El
wood A. Forman. Company H, Twenty
eighth Infantry; April 21, John H. Halter,
Company D, Sixth Infantry; April .20,
Noah E. Gardner, Company G, Third In
fantry: April 24, Robert C. Wood, Com
pany D, Third Infantry; April 22, Powell
V Diales, Company H, Third Cavalry;
April 19, Samuel Boggs, Company G.
Ninth Cavalry; April 17. Green Badgett.
Company H, Twenty-fifth Infantry; April
27 Sergeant Henry Thomas, Company A,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; April 26, Joseph
F. Heffernan, Company A, Third Infantry;
April 23. Clarence Hill, Company M,
Fourth Infantry, and Charles Norwood.
Company A. Battalion of Engineers; April
20, Elven Pace, Company I, Fifth Infan
try April 13, Fred Robinson. Company D.
Ninth Cavalry; March 14 Eugene E. Siga
bee, Company A. Fortieth Infantry; April
20, Alonzo Smith, Company B. Twenty
first Infantry, April-19, Corporal Frank E.
Waldron, Company L, Fifth Infantry.
¦ WASHINGTON. May 1.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila reports the following
deaths since his last report:
American Troops.
Latest List of Casualties Among tha
DEATHS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
BERLIN May 1.— A representative of
the Government has informed the Reich
stag Committee on Petitions that Ger
many had demanded $5,000,000 from Great
Britain on account of certain Transvaal
expulsions and that Great Britain had
refused the demand on .the srround thai
she did' not wish to establish a precedent,
but was investigating the whole subject.
"The number of expelled persons." said
a Foreign Office representative when^the
matter came up to-day, "is 180, of whom
60 have already been indemnified. A pari
of the. remainder have no. right to claim
indemnity, because ¦. they fought againsi
England, or because of other patent rea
sons.* The sound claims,, however, are be
ing vigorously championed.
"Great Britain has appointed a commit
tee to decide upon r the claims, following
Germany's suggestion. It is true that
there is no German member of the com
mittee but the services of j expert ad
visory counsel from Germany have been
brought into requisition." - -
The Reichstag committee acknowledgec
that the German Government had done all
that was possible to represent the inter
ests if Germans unjustly expelled.
LONDON. May _-The Sun to-day in a
double-leaded - item, describes Lord balls
bury as perturbed by-- certain revelations
which the financial adviser of Lord Kitch
ener has unearthed. The Premier is alsc
pictured by the Sun-Bs not in so gnoc
health as recent announcements have lee
the public to Relieve. It . Is ¦ also allesed
that there is friction between Lord Salis
bury and Lord Lansdowne, Minister foi
F A r€ dfspatch from Lord Kitchener', datec
Pretoria, to-day, says:^
- "Grenfell attacked the Boers at Berg
plantz, near Halversburg, where the lasf
"Long Tom" opened flre at 10,000 yards
Kitchener's scouts advanced to within 300(
vards/when the gun was blown, up. And
the Boers fled. Ten of them were made
prisoners. Other columns resort ten Boers
German Demand for In
demnity Not Yet
Recognized.
BRITAIN MAY
REFUSE TO PAY
The Columbia will reopen Monday next
with James A. Herne's latest success.
"Sa? Harbor," with the original New
York company. According to the critics
"Sag Harbor", is better even than Mr.
Herne's charming pastoral play Shore
Acres,' 1 and has enjoyed exceptional favor
all' through its progress here from the
East. The story of the play deals with
the love of two brothers for the same
woman, and is just on the edge of. trag
edy, with also plenty of comedy incident
interspersed. The background^ the play
s Sag Harbor, a little old-fashioned whal
ing village on Long Island, and the char-
"The Conquerors" is still crowding the
Alcazar Theater and will hold the board3
till the close of the week. "Friends," Mil
ton M. Royle's comedy-drama, will follow,
and much care Is being expended upon its
presentment.
The Grand Opera-house has a worthy
production of : 'Mr. Barnes of New York '
this week, with' unusually fine mountings
and scenic accessories. Jack Webster in
the title role gets all of good there is In
it and Florence Stone mak°s a pleasing
Enid Anstruther. "the Sor of Napoleon
will be the next offering. ,
' a _ _ '
and his company. Neill's Da
vid Holmes, the bachelor, is a clever
study, and the star is admirably support
ed by Miss Julia Dean, whose work has
grown amazingly since her last year's
visit, Edythe Chapman, Lillian Andrews,
Maud Gordon, John W. Burton, Frank
McVickars, Frank E. Camp, Scott Seaton
and Donald Bowles. Rarely is a better
show seen in San Francisco; and the Cali
fornia is drawing all of the theater-going
public that it can hold. The Neill com
pany will have a' successful season. ."The
Lottery of Love" will be presented next.
A BACHELOR'S Romance," Sol
Smith Russell's pretty comedy,
is being excellently interpreted
at the California by James Neill
As special attraction for this evening
the Chutes and Zoo will have a "lady
blacksmiths' prize-striking contest," with
the usual amateur bill.
killed, six wounded,- six made prisoners
and sixty surrendered. The British had
four killed and seven wounded."
G. S. WanreU, the La Mont Juvenile
Company, Maybelle Bowman, the Golden
West comedy trio, Gus Leonard, Thatcher
and Chenoweth and Paraskova Sandolln
are Fischer's entertainers and provide a
good vatideville bill for the price. The
music of the week is particularly pleas
ing. . . ¦ ¦ \
' The Agoust family, jugglers par excel
lence, are the headliners at the Orpheum
this week- and have created no end of a
sensation in' vaudeville circles. There are
flve of them, each apparently endowed
with a dozen hands, and the cast aleo in
cludes a stageful of the most brilliantly
sifted furniture that has been seen at the
Orpheum for many a day. Steady-going
soup tureens, that keep their heads and
steaming mock turtle under the most try
ing circumstances — poised giddily on the
tip of a slim stick or hurtling through tho
air from waiter to waiter— are perhaps the
star performers. Goldin, the excellent Il
lusionist; Mclntye and Heath, In one of
the cleverest coon acts ever seen here: Alf
Grant. Barnes and Sisson, .Mile. Adelaide
and Clayton, Jenkins and Jasper are tho
other members of the good bill.
This and next week at the -Tivoli will
see the last performances of the popular
"Idol's Eye," which has had a most suc
cessful run. "The Toymaker," which is
now in active preparation, will be pro
duced on the 13th and will be heard here
tor the first time.
"Ten Nights iu a Bartoom," with latter
day temperance acrobatics by a pictur
esque representative Of Carrie Nation, Is
drawing good houses at the Central this
week. "The Octoroon" will be put on next
week, and elaborate preparations for its
presentment are being made.
• -.":' • -V' ¦ •
acters are drawn from the seafaring folk
of the community. Included in the cast
will 'be the two charming daughters of
Mr. Herne, Julie and Chrystal Herne, who
have won much appreciation in their re
spective parts. , . .
PEKING, Tuesday, April 30.— Marshal
von Waldersee, in the letter which he
sent to the Ministers to-day, as the reply
of the generals to the views of the Min
isters regarding the military questions
discussed yesterday by the generals in
conference, says a garrison of 6000 men
should be left at Tientsin and the adjoin
ing district, Great Britain, France, Ger
many and Japan to contribute 1400 men
each and Italy 400 men. To garrison Shan
Hai Kwan, France, Russia, Great Britain
and Germany are to contribute 300 men
each and Italy one company until the
forts are razed. So long as any forces
occupy Chinese territory the foreign mili
tary commanders must exercise the full
authority . of a civil administration, ac
cording to the principle established at
The Hague in 18JJ9. The Chinese may re
main in office, as in the case of Paotingfu,
and, partly, Tientsin.
Besides the 6000 men in the Tientsin dis
trict, warships, which must always be in
the Peiho, will preserve communication
Vith the international fleet at Taku.
PARIS, May 1.— The Foreign Office has
received a dispatch from Peking an
nouncing that M. Plchon, the French
Minister, presented to-day the report of
the committee on indemnity. The amount
China is to pay has been fixed at 1,365,000,
000 francs. How it is proposed that the
indemnity be distributed among the pow
ers is not set forth, but as the dispatch
does not mention The Hague it is thought
the Ministers are hopeful of being able
to settle the proportion to be received
by each power by discussion at Peking.
The indemnity ligure is under what has
been expected in Paris, as it was thought
the total would reach one and a half
milliards of francs. There is much dis
appointment over the fact that the United
States is supporting England against an
increase in the customs. This is attrib
uted to the influence of the American
community in China: It is believed that
England, if alone, would yield, but fears
are entertained that England's scheme is
to prolong the negotiations until her
hands are free in South Africa, when she
would show a stronger policy in Chinese
affairs.
BERLIN", May 3.— A dispatch from
Peking, dated May 1, to the Kol
nische Zeitung . says that a bloody
battle has occurred between the Rus
sians and Chinese near Mukden. The
Russians lost fifty men in killed and
wounded. Four Russian officers were
killed and among the wounded was
General Zertitzki. -
Both Sides Sustain Most Severe
Losses and General Zertitzki Is
Among the Wounded.
Battle Reported to Have
Taken Place in Man
churia.
The Russians Lose Fifty
in Killed and.
Wounded.
FIERCE FIGHT
WITH CHINESE
NEAR MUKDEN
Marriage Is an Elaborate One, Nearly 200 Relatives and Im
mediate Friends Witnessing the Ceremony That Makes the
Granddaughter of Louis Sloss the Bride of Popular Merchant
STANDING AMID WHITE WISTERIA
M. ESBERG WEDS MISS LILIENTHAL
Columbia to Reopen Monday With "Sag Har
bor"-— Agousts at Orpheum—' 'Friends' '
to Follow "The Conquerors" at Alcazar
NEILL AND COMPANY
CONTINUE POPULAR
GREAT STRIKE
IS THREATENED
Machinists in the East
Leave Their Posi
tions.
Mayday the Occasion of
Disturbances in Many
Cities.
BUFFALO. May L— Twelve hundred
machinists in this city and probably 300
more in Erie County outside of Buffalo
struck to-day to secure a nine-hour day
without a decrease of pay. It Is under
stood that the local movement is the fore
runner, of a strike that may extend all
over the United States, Canada and Mex
ico on May 20. when a general demand for
a nine-hour day will be made.
The strike of the marine engineers is
practically settled on the basis of mutual
concessions. The Lehigh Valley Transpor
tation and the Union Steamboat compa
nies have agreed to put on the extra men
demanded on .ihe larger boats, but not on
the smaller ones. The United States Steel
Corporation is expected to come to an
agreement with the men to-morrow. It
is expected that all beats will be ready to
go into commission on the lakes in a very
few days." - .
WATERBURT, Conn.. May 1.— Two hun
dred carpenters and joiners, about one
half the total number employed in Water
bury, went on strike to-day to enforce de
mands recently presented.
COLUMBUS, O., May i.— Nearly 600 car
penters refused to go to work to-day
pending the signing of tile wage scale of
the coming year, U'he carpenters demand
an increase of 80 cents a day, or $3 20 for
eight hours.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., May 1.— The
union plumbers in all but nine of tha
twenty-two shops in Grand Rapids went
on strike to-day to enforce a new wage
scale. The employers refuse to treat with
the unions.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, May 1.— All jour
nevmen plumbers of the city went on
strike to-day. They insist that threading
of pip<3 and similar work now done by ap
prentices shall be done by the journey
men. The journeymen plasterers struck
to-day for an eight-hour day, with nine
hour wages.
NEW YORK, May 1.— All the bricklay
ers *and masons of Elizabeth, N, J., to the
number of 400, went on strike to-day. At
Yorikers 750 bricklayers, plasterers, stone
masons and hodcarriers went out. In
both instances the demand la for higher
wages.
HELENA. Mont.. May 1.— Late, to-day
orders were received to close-down the
works of the American Smelting and Re
fining Company at East Helena, employ
ing 600 men. The eight-hour day law.
which went into effect to-day, is responsi
ble for the shut-down in a measure, as the
company undertook to reduce the wages
of blast furnace men 20 per cent in con
sequence of shorter hours.
Disturbances in Europe.
LONDON, May 1.— At a meeting of the
Miners' Federation held in London this
morning and attended by delegates from
all parts of the United Kingdom It was
recommended that all miners quit work
unless the coal taxes were withdrawn.
Another meeting was summoned for May
7 to finally decide the matter and to fix a
date for the stoppage of work should that
step be resolved upon.
PARIS, May 1.— Mayday passed quietly.
Work proceeded here as usual and tele
grams from the provinces show the day
to have been uneventful. The evening
passed quietly here and in the depart
ments, with the exception of Grenoble,
where scuffles occurred at the close of a
meeting. The gendarmes charged the
crowds and some policemen were injured.
MADRID, May 1. — Several demonstra
tions occurred in Spanish cities, but there
were no serious disturbances. At Barce
lona a group of strikers pillaged the
chapel of a convent and were dispersed
by the troops.
ROME. May 1.— Both in thia city and in
the provinces Mayday was passed quietly
and orderly meetings were held.
VIENNA, May 1.— Ten thousand persona
took part in an orderly Mayday proces
sion here to-day. The publication of news
papers has been suspended for thirty
hours. Lawful meetings were held here
and In the provinces.
LISBON. May 1.— Some disturbances are
reported from parts of this country and
an imposing demonstration was held In
this city. Violent speeches were made,
and the police checked almost every meet-
Leader of a Sand of Yaquis Is Iden-
NOTORIOUS APAjCHE KID ,^r
EXECUTED IN" MEXICO
tifled as the Elusive
Outlaw.'
ST. LOUIS, May 1.— A special to the
Globe-Democrat from Hermoslllo. Mex
ico, says: The leader of a band of Taqul
Indians, who was captured a short time .
ago at Cuesta Alta by a detachment of
Government troops, has been executed at
Antejuda by order of General Lorenzo
Torres. Prior to his execution he waa
positively identified as the Apache Kid by
Alexander McDonald, an American scout
in the service of the Government troops,
who says he knew the Kid well in Ari
zona. . ¦. .. .
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 2, 19O1;
It was high noon when the happy
couple faced the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
and repeated after him the binding words.
The bride was attended by her little sis
ter, Miss Sadie Lilienthal, who officiated
as maid- of honor. The groom was unat
tended.
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
white satin trimmed with rare old lace.
Miss Sadie, the charming little maid of
The bride is the eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. E. R. Lilienthal and grand
daughter of Louis Sloss Sr. She is charm
ing and accomplished and was one of the
most sought-after v belles in exclusive
Jewish circles. Mr. 'Esberg is a member
of the tobacco firm of LI. A. Gunst & Co.
and equally popular In business, social
and club circles.
are so large that nearly two hundred In
vited guests were witnesses to the cere
mony.
MISS CHRYSTAL HERNE, WHO
APPEARS WITH HER FATHER
IN "SAG HARBOR."
ing.
9
GBAPE-NTTTS.
KITCHEN EXPENSES/,
Eeduced by Beady Cooked Grape-
Nuts.
"Modern food saves gas bills (cooking),
labor and doctor's bills, and the food I re-
for to is Grape-Nuts," says a Chicago
woman.
"We have used Grape-Nuts over a year.
I weighed, when I began using *it, about
100 pounds, but have gained 22 pounds
rince. I have recovered entirely from dys-
pepsia since using this delicious food. My
husband and children enjoy Grape-Nuts
as much as I do, and they have all been
decidedly benefited by its use.
"My baby Is very much healthier than
my other two children were at his age. I
attribute the difference to the use I have
made of Grape-Nuts Food.
. "Of course it is a great advantage to
have a food that Is already cooked and
Fure to be in erood condition. This is not
always true of many cereals." Mrs. Geo.
S. Foster. 1023 Wabansia Ave., Chicago,
IIL
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooQoooooooo
THE SUNDAY CALL
m MAY THE FIFTIL_
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.OOC OOO 300000000000000000 0. OOOOOOO
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC oo ° OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.OOOOC qqq 30000000000000000 OO OOOOOOO
O o OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP OOO 30 0 00000000 0 00000 000000000
- A CALL REPORTER -ill THE "LOTTA" OF OLD
AMONG THE YAQUI Hi AND
INDIANS. o o °c THE "LOTTA" OF TO-DAY.
... _ . • - ' : ¦ „ • . ooo ¦-¦¦¦. . t
0 O OO O OO O O O 00 O O OO O O OO O 0 OO OC ooo aO OO ° ° OO ° OO ° oooooo ° oo OOO.OC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OOO 30000000000000000000000000
O OOO OO OO OOOOO O O O OOOO 0.00000 OOO ° ° OOOOO OO OO O.O OOO O OOOOOO OO O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
500000000000000000000Q0000 ooo oooooooooooooooo oooooooooo
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmtmmm^mmmmmm 0 O 0 ™"""" ™^""^"¦^¦^™""^™«™
HOW OUR TRADE HAS °oc FRATERNITY GIRLS AND
• o op
FOLLOWED THE FLAG. %%% HOW THEY LIVE.
* ooo mm^^ m^ mm m wm — — am^ m^ , mm '^^ m mm^ ,
5'oo??o!o l OO?oTo l !o^?^??0?7?0 O OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO °V° ° 300000000000000000 OO OOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO °°° 3000000000000000000 OOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO °QO 'GO 00000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC o o C 00000000000000 "SJL?.^?!, 0 .-? °- l 7
" ¦ m — m *— m " m *~ mmm ¦¦•«¦¦¦" i ooo
FRANCESCA REDDING SoS BOOKS, FASHIONS, FIC-
AND HER PARISIAN HI TION AND STORIES OF
GOWNS. ;£4? ooo INTEREST.
- .... . ¦ OOO
QOOOOOOOOOOOOOUOOOOOOOOOOO ooo OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOQOOOOOOOOOOO; OOOOOOOOOO O OO 3OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO 30000000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0 0000000000000000 0 00000000 OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
THESONGLESSBjTODSOF °°° A SN0WSL1DE IN THE
CALIFORNIA. ooo ROCKIES.
" - ' ¦ ¦ - • " ' ' ooo _______ — — i^ _
¦J O OO O O-O O O O O O OOO O OO O OO O O OO O °q° POOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOO
? 6 OOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO OO.OOO OC qoq OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OO o OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
D OOO O tfOO OOO O OOOOO O O O O O O O OC OOO OOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
0 O O O O O OQ O O O O O OOO O O O O O O O OOO OOO 3 O O,O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHERE DID GENERAL FUNSTON GET HIS. l
IDEA FOR THE CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO?
OOOOO OOOOOOOOOO 0.000000000000000000 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
lOOfinoOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOSOOOO oo'opOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTHE S£ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1901.
10
SPIRI~~AX,ISM.
IS life * burden to you? Why are you so.
Take time "to find out why .you are so and
what your conditions and surroundings are.
Tests this evening at 8 - o'clock by C. E.
Wheeler and every : evening this week. 305
Larkin. cor. McAllister; elevator; admls. 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures 6lck: cancer .removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
Et. car; alt., $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), 613 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come,
skeptics. ¦ .' ' ;
SPIRITUAL meeting every night except Sun-
day-Monday. MRS. MAXWELL. 1238 How-
ard st.; convincing test. ¦
MME. MARQUISE— Business, test medium:
spiritual healer; sittings dally. 112S Howard.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowere. 8 p. m., 10c. 805 Larkin st.
EARLB, 622 Geary nV, telephone PoUc 1297— .
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister-Mrs. C.J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME M, BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life. correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
come them. Valuable advice in all affairs ot
life: 25c up: perfect eatisf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2a
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. VALEEN, removed to 1027% Market St.,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer: cures diseases and habits;
teaches how to Influence people and be suc-
cessful In love and financial affairs. •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls ; readings. 50c. 8 Hayes st., nr. Market.
MME. WORELL. trance medium; readings
dally. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; clr. "Wed. ev'g at 8,
19 Hickory ave., off Van Ness, nr. Market st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
t«st medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist; card
reader: 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh »t.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;Gerir.an spoken jtel.Howard 1846.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25e. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. ¦
1IMB, RAVENNA reads' life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beatinjr Works;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: teL South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Renn-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 8 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 914.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY"? Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Roam 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the "eLECTRO~-15eNT A L~C^INic7~8O9~Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. rn. to 10 p. rn.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
¦wonderful secret, pa'nless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady • attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full feet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from .$8 per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
CURRY, "Dentist"; all work guaranteed. 214
McAllister St.; phone Mint 276.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815=i G«ary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;pIates $5up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. IV Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painlobs." : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GA^LAGH r E^M^iSs^' > CoUeg"e^Pa^roTrWdgl—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24' Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions ; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.'
A — THE LYCEUM, an • accredited preparatory
school . for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. • .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. £05 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlning,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of E1113 bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market tt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
.time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220. Parrott blfig.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand ami
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. ;' Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils In all ' branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E. . Call office.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. - grammar, writing,'
.etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons given by a native' Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
A WEEK'S-news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1<i races, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES/^
ITALIAN Labor Supply' Co..* 24 . Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1431, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help,* farm
hands, ¦ miners, gardeners, ¦. fruit pickers, ¦ etc.
JAPANESE Employment , Office and ; House-
cleaning Co.." best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter.' nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house . servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
A.'BALDASSI*& CO.; 206 Montgomery ave.—
- French, American and Italian help supplied.
8AA' FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of_ The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*; open
until n o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes etreett open until 9:30 p. m.
f3J McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Lij-kln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1?U Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
12C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until 9 Pj_ m _________,
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Jeroa .
Buena Chapter No. 1. Rose Crolx, I
A and A.. Scottish Rite of Free- __L
masonry, will be held In Com- -ufifc— I
mandery Hall. Masonic Temple.
on THURSDAY EVENING. May >
i, 1901, at S o'clock- Degree 15, l<v
16 and "j_ yR - BURyER> sec. U
rn^etmg* THIS ' (THURSDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Business. P.
SI and M. E. M. degrees. By order of 'JW *
the H P. JXO- R- HILLMAN. Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. j_
M —The officers and —embers of «ie_#^-
above named lodge are hereby notified fk/\
*?iW
SMITH, at 1719 Clay et.. near Van Ness ave..
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). May 2. at 2 o'clock
p. m. The brethren will assemble ln f King
Solomcn's Hall. Masonic Temple, at 1 o clock,
and proceed to the house, where the ceremo-
nies will be conducted. Master Masons and
friends of the deceased are invited. I n «L"ri e nt
Laurel Hill Cemetery. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. LF. and A-JjL. ¦
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-^
ING May 2, at 7:30 o'clock, htated JLX
meeting and first degree. By order of'^r
the Matter. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. •
—Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at T:SO o'clock. First de-TSX
sree at 8:15, when Masons are cordially* "^
Invited. Bv order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
Stated Meeting 0 " THIS. "(THURSDAY) -
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. ~L2%
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec. ¦ *
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. *3Stf_Sfe>
O. O. F.— Officers and members.
you are requested to attend a
meeting THURSDAY EVENING. 'W/tt^
May 2. 1S01. Initiation.
JOHN A. OHLSON. N. O.
W. P. HUMPHREYS. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. L O. O. «jgri*SS»V
F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- 'SZXgSti
PAY) NIGHT. Brothers cordially
invited to attend. ///»»
ADOLPHCS E. GRAUPNER. N. Q.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON. Rec Sec.
COURT OCCIDENTAL No. 6676. A. O.«__V
F.— Officers and members are re- STt i
quested to attend the funeral of our JT\
late brother, DR. J. BOUSHEY. on *__*
THURSDAY. May 2, at 2 p. — ... from the
undertaking parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666
Mission st. Interment Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car.
GEO. MACMARTIN, C. R.
6T. ANDREW'S Society— Annual %?"¦>»,
family picnic at Fairfax Park, on ,J\ Qfy.J
SATURDAY. Hay 4. 1901. Oak- \*wttiJ
lard society will participate: boats
from Sausalito ferry landing at 6:55. 9:80 a,
m.. and 12:45 p. m. Tickets, 60c and 25c; to
be had from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
THIRD meeting of Boiler Sealers* Union will
be held at 1159 Mission st.. WEDNESDAY,
May 8. 8 p. m. M. DERBY. President.
G. HAMILTON. Corresponding Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco. CaL. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of Mey. 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a, m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of dl»
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 3. 1901, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
A FIRST-CLASS agent In each city and county
to handle an automatic window cleaner, "Just
patented," which supplies water, washes and
dries the window; & quick seller and good
profits; Email capital required: exclusive ter-
ritory assigned; call at 413 Kearny st. and
see: sample by mall $1 25. B. S. HARRIS-
WANTED— A local agent In each township to
sell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for first-class people. Address
STF.PHEXSON. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
AGEXTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGENT, lady or gent; good hustler; $3 day.
Box 3050. Call.
A FEW more agents wanted at 347 Third tt.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, atuhalt roofing, sidewalks — !-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
- bies. MRS. DR. FC.VKE, 1416 8th. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22, 137 Montgomery Et., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. £. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 246 Clementina st.
WANTED— Children to board; near school. 1411
Sherman st., Alameda.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board. 439 Minna Et. .
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to'
board: yard: bert cf care. 1607 California st.
UUSIXKSS CHASCES.
51200— STEAM laundry: long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON _ CO., 30 Kearny st.
JS»>— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: dally receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny Bt.
$250 — OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN. SOLOMON _ CO.. 30 Keamy St.
$1800— GROCERY, fruit and. produce store do-
ing a business of $45 per day; full value in
eight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORX. SOLOMON & CO.
$650— GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
business; established trade; large profits; a
(rood chance to increase the business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny gt.
J500 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this Is a genu-
ine bargain and It will pay to Investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
jloCO— FURNITURE store in best business town
on coast; established 17 years; sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense of investigation
paid by us If not found as represented.
HORN. SOLOMOX & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for eale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars; It will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny Bt. :.'; i-
WHOLE or half Interest in -stocked paying
drug store on Market st. ; rent only $65: good
lease; owner leaving city on account of sick-
ness: a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
& CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400,
or owner will sell half interest to good busi-
ness man for fSOO: will guarantee $180 to $300
per month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st. .
WHOLESALE liquor store established 11 years;
doing a business of $10,000 per year; books
open to Inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. 50 Kearny st.
$5C0— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
to S12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORX. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny gt.: tel. Main 1604. , v.jl. ;-¦
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
A FINE restaurant; city front; $1500/ JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st. j-
$eso— DELICACY, fruit, poultry and fish store;
adjoining town; well established and well
etocked: rent $15. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mtk.
PARTNER wanted— Produce commission busi-
ness receiving consignments of butter, eggs,
cheeee and other produce; $250 required. DON-
NELLY CO.. 632 Market et.
J350— FRUIT More In good location at sacrifice;
old established: good . paying. McLAUGH-
;-tk i CO.. 777H Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$750— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery eta.; business clearing above $150
per month. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
"Keamy sC / *--"'•
•A— $1000: SALOON with 9 room*, surrounded by
factories, warehouses and lumber yards; large
transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store (without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location In city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
£6% Kearny st. .
A— $2000; BOA-RDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above $150
per month: large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harnest first class. Call R.
, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st.; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
daily receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. __
A— $2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.: rent $75: place established many
years; doing a steady, good-paying business:
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busl-
neEs; net rent $135: sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Calr-R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny. Bt. .
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
SOO candy and Ice cream stores, 600 restau-
rants 900 stores of all kinds ; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
v/ant to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 888 Market st.
FOR private sale — Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838
Market St. -
$*00— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee
$200 per month clear of all expenses ; cheap
rent: 7 good living rooms: no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade. 826 Pine.
A— $1500; PICKLE factory and vinegar route;
established many years and clearing above
$150 per month; horse, wagon and stock will
Invoice the price. Owner going east: no
agent. Call 732 Union St., bet. 9 and L
LIVERY stable at sacrifice figure; growing
city; summer resort: 50 miles from San Fran-
cisco; large stable; fine' horses, carriages and'
fittings; low rent; stage line in connection.
M. F. THOMPSON, box 40S4, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon man who can furnish
full stock of liquors wants partner with cap-
ital to buy fixtures, etc.; half -interest. Box
3052, Call office. . -,
WANTED— Lady to take half-Interest In city
business; $250 investment required; $40 month
guaranteed. Call at 74 Geary et.. room 32.
$100— BARGAIN; coffee and chophouse; good
business; suitable for man and wife. 31% Sth.
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon, 640 Commer-
cial at.. Becond door from Kearny: rent $20.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
$1000— SICKNESS compels sale of profitable
buslnet* In facial and scalp treatment, man-
sage, fcalrdresslng, etc. ; good location ; low
rent; will bear honest Investigation. 3001. Call.
SHOE shop, with or without tools. 427%
Fourth st.
FOR sale— Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
FLORIST and decorators; 3 living rooms; good
stand; cheap: owner has important engage-
ment elsewhere. CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916
Market at.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
departure; living rooms complete. 136 Sec-
ond st. "
TO LET— Small barber chop In town of Rich-
mond ; no rent. Call on or write to D. W.
EJTTRICAN. East Yard. Richmond. Contra
Costa County. Cal.
WELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good profit: poor health cause of sale. Ad-
drpss box 3825. Call office.
FOR eale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goea
to Germany. Box 3738, Call office.
$300— PARTNER In dyeing, cleaning: good man;
experience not nececsary. 1421 Point Loboe av.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth St.; no agents. ¦
CLASSD7IED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR . SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
1....THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
6-roora flat on Halsbt $650
100 rooms; clears $400 7003
32 rooms; clears {200 2000
16 rooms.; on Powell , 550
26 rooms; on Kearny 1600
14-room boarding-house 1450
' 21 rooms; offer wanted 900
10 rooms; rent $27 50 350
22 rooms; rent $47 459
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st, near Market 600
18 rooms; on Third it., near Market 650
14 rooms; on Mission st 550
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200.... £000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2600
20 rooms: on Geary Bt.; clears $135 2400
8-room flat; sunny Bide 700
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7«*.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Pth.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush £28.
If you nave hotel, roomlngr-hous« or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears {300 per month; flrst-clajsa
Investment « iSVn
34 rooms; rent $130: elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans 1653
15 rooms; choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished; upright piano; modern;
% cash; reduced to 10.*c
26 rooms; cor. : rent $100: apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms; modern flat: Geary 4S3
10 rooms; rent $50; good and clean ' KM
18 rooms; all new; oak fur.i full J500
14 rooms; rent 60: good furniture 900
11 rooms; rent $40; piano; sewing machine. S50
16 rooms: rent $50: hardwood furniture 1003
12 rooms: cor.: boarding-house "2U>
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Building
719 Market st.; money to loan. Tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms; rent $33; clears $33 each month. $525
11 rooms; nice fur.: fine carpets; 6 rooms
rented for $80; 4 blks. N. of Market st.;
terms % cash. % in —thly installments. 850
40 rooms; clean; best furnished in city;
Income $355 monthly; strictly respectable 45G0
100 rooms; modern; offices; clears $350.... 65M
17 rooms: clearing $70: installments: bargalr*.
84' rooms; electric light In every room.'... 1000
21 rooms; a first-class transient house.... 1600
16 rooms; housekeeping; rent $50; full.... 1000
27 rooms; clears $150; rich and elegant.... 2600
10 rooms; N. Mkt.; sunny side; $200, bal.
monthly payments; rent $40; Income $80 450
36 rooms; central; corner; a money coiner JSCO
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN,
9 rooms; elegantly furnished; cheap rent.. J3P0
15 rooms; very desirable; Jarge yard 475
25 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; something- extra 3.V.0
54 rooms; sunny cor.; worth double 2500
76 rooms; fine location ;' big money-maker 5000
102 rooms; biggest mon^y-maker In city.. 5750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $160,004
AIeo boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our specall bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.,
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
9 rooms; rent $30; only...; $150
18 rooms; rent $50; a snap. 1100
85 rooms; nee It and make offer.
35 rooms; fine corner: only 2700
8 rooms; downtown flat 200
(500 other houses to select from).
ATTENTION BUYERS! "^~
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and ¦ pay for • It,
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market Bt. - ¦: ;-;."
i 38 rooms; Powell.. $2100
42 rooms; Turk 3000
21 rooms; Third 275
38 rooms: Fifth; good piano included 1000
Many others, north and south of Market Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Cali
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms L 2, No.' 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
28 ROOMS: Mission St. : rent.. $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.: rent $43: price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent *58: nrice $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
35 ROOMS; rent SSO: receipts »bout $200. . . . . $sso
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month.. 650
$300— Lodging-house, 14 - rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only ..$1600
16 rooms; Hyde; very finely furnished.... COO.
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS: transient: No. 1 furniture; central;
cheap $700. DONNELLY CO., Njpp. Palace
Hotel, 632 Market st _.
34 ROOMS: couth side: clears $100; $800. DON-
NELLY CO.. opp. Palace Hotel. 632 Market.
FOR' sale — The furniture : of a 7-room lodglng-
. house: good location. 1315 Stockton st. ..
- CHIROPODISTS..
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts.' chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
A LADY ' of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. - F. ' PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Capable woman for housework and
care of 2 children afternoons. Apply 1800 Mc-
Alllster st.
GIRL wanted to help wait at table. 136 Sec-
ond st. •* • • : ~:<V.
A GIRL for errands and some housework. Ap-
ply 692 McAllister st^ ¦ ¦ -
WOMAN to wash napkins and wait at .table.
612 Kearny st.
NEAT nursegfrl to assist upstairs. 2930 Sacra-
mento st., cor. Broderick.
WOMAN to waah napkins and j wait on -table,
612 Kearny st. . :-^U:-
YOUNG girl to assist In care of 2 children
over 4, |1O. 2217 Octavia,' cor. Jackson.
A TAILORESS on ladies* garments. 1024 Sut-
ter st. . .
GIRL to assist In dining-room; $15 and found.
301 Twenty-second at.. Potrero Hotel. -„»:;.-
GIRL for housework; 3 adults; $12. Call 377
Oak st. . /-«--••;-•¦*-¦
WAITRESS wanted at 315 Bush st.; experience
not necessary. . .
ELDERLY woman to do light I housework;
wages glO. 329 Guerrero «t. -
COOK; must understand German cooking. Ap-
ply 2225 Broadway. __^
WANTED— Young ladles to wait at table. S3
Market st. ~
GIRL to work In small restaurant; no expe-
rlence necessary. 1727 Market st. .;-^-,
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking; call before noon. 219 Hayes st.
GOOD sewer and apprentice ror dressmaking.
120% Hayes st. - ¦
COMPETENT cook; $25. Apply Mandsley Sanl-
tarlum. 2111 Pine st.. at 10 a.' m. only.
WANTED— A . piano player for San Jose. Ad-
dress box 3056, Call office.
WANTED— Girl to do housework; wages $15;
no cooking, no waiting. 25 Taylor st.
APPRENTICE wanted with some experience
on custom coats. 623% Poet st.
GOOD hands on vests, from $3 to $12; also an
apprentice. 641% Stevenson st. - .
WANTED— Dishwasher, $30. Old Louvre, Phe-
lan building. / .
,BEDMAKER. Apply 930 Howard st. after 10
'- a. m. . - .
WANTED — Experienced operators on sewing
. and knitting machines and a few appren-
tices; also hand sewers and crocheters.
Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412
Polk st.
SHIRT and overall operators; Inexperienced;
paid while learning. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st. ¦ "
WANTED— A girl to take care of two chil-
dren and assist; call at 3953 25th st.. near
Church. ¦
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. - .
OPERATOR on pants; must be flrst-class;
steady work; high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RI3 CO.. 541 Market bt.
EXPERT shirtwaist maker; wages no ob-
ject. Apply M. KRAKER, 224 Bush St.
WANTED— Good dressmaker and apprentice,
764 Howard st. • *
TAILORESS on custom coats: also experienced
apprentices. 272 Stevenson st,' bet. 3d and 4th.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED— Finishers on vests. Apply at roam.
90, 6 Eddy st. . . •„
ASSISTANT stenographer; good speed on
Smith Premier: salary $20; hours 8 to 6.
Address box 40S5, Call office., ' .
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 461 Jessie st. •
FIRST-CLASS skirtmaker wanted; high
wages. P. VERDIER, 984 Geary st.
WAITRESSES wanted. 29 Third at.
GOOD hands on vests, from $8 to $12; alflo an
apprentice. 641% Stevenson at.
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady work: good prices. LO WEN BERG &
CO., 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
GIRL for housework; small family adults;
reasonable wages ; good home. 2516 Pine ! st.
WANTED— Fancy starch lroner. Lick Laun-
dry, 9 Lick place. • • • t .
¦WANTED — 2 buttonhole makers on ! coats;
wages $12 per week. 135% Natoma st. ' .
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tore. EAGLESQN & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription?
received at Call branch office, 2390 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1693
Valencia st. t ' ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MUBrT^& RE^D^^
...Leading Employment and. Labor Agents...
WANT! A. M. TO-DAY
FREE FARE FREE FARE
.....: WE SHIP TO-DAY
25 laborers for S. P. R. R. Co. 'a own work,
no experience required, to work In section,
steel, ballasting and other gangs on the Los
Angeles, and Santa Barbara divisions
WAGES $175 and $2 day FREE FARE
10 laborers and teamsters for Ukiah, free fare.
OFFICE FEE $1
Fruit pickers ; 15 men
or strong boys to pick fruit.... $20 and found
Carpenters : Mechanical help
¦ 2 carpenters, mining company.. $75 and found
Blacksmith, Sonoma County, $3 day; 4 black-
smiths, country shops and camps, $75, $50,
$40 and found; 6 blacksmith helpers; 3 car-
riage painters, '$30 and found
Sawmills Woods Tards
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
in mills, yards and woods, $26 and found up,
fare paid; 3 tree fallers, $40 and found; 2
crosscut sawyers, {35 and found; 18 men
handy with an ax. Sonoma County. $26 to
$35 and found...'
Miners Drillers Laborers
2 more machine miners, • fare paid, $75 and
found; 5 single hand miners, $42 and found;
6 quarry drillers, $68; 5 drillers, city, $42 and
found; 10 laborers, city, $34 and found; 3
laborers, city factory, $1 50 to $2 day
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman and drive delivery, wagon, coun-
try merchandise store, $45; 4 stablemen,
hostlers and buggy washers; bookkeeper and
stenographer, lumber company
MARRIED HELP ;..:...
Man and wife to take charge of small store,
country, no objection to one or two children,
see boss here; 4 farmers and wives, $50 and
$40; waiter and wife; milker and wife, north,
$50 and found .;
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
10 ranch teamsters, $26 and $30 and found;
11 haymakers and run mowing machines; 5
farmers; 6 orchard hands; 15 choreboys; 12
choremen, $30, $25, $20 and found; 15 milk-
ers, $37 50, .$35. $30 and found; 3 milkers and
butter makers ;-.
Butchers Bakers ; Hotel Help
30 cooks, city and country, hotels and res-
taurants; 25 waiters, city and country, $49,
$35. $30 and $25; 4 porters; 16 kitchen hands
and dishwashers ; cake baiter, country, $17 50
week; baker, country hotel, $45; baker coun-
try shop; second baker. Santa Clara County,
bakers' helpers; slaughter house butcher
ranch. $30 and found. MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st.
V A SPECIAL TO-DAY ONLY.
New Railroad Work
For Cal. & N. W. K. R. Co... .Ukiah
20 teamsters ..7... $2 day
30 all-around railroad men ;.$2 day
60 laborers , for reconstruction and ballasting
track, ship. to-night.... $i 75
Office fee $1.00
Free fare ............Office fee $1 00
. ../. ......Special for to-day only...'.-
C. R. HANSEN & .CO 104 Geary st.
HOTEL cook, country, $40; broiler, $60; 2 hall
boys for club, $22 50 month and board; bar-
keeper, $50; hotel and restaurant waiters, ;
dishwashers, por*ers and others. J. F. i
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN, $50 and found; farmer and wife,
$53; stableman, private stable, $30 and found;
can washer, 320 and found ; 2 men to thin
¦fruit. $20, and found; 2 milk wagon drivers.
$40 and found: 8 milkers for country, $30 and
$35; sheep herder,' $25 and found; young man
for produce . store, $1 day; f supers. $25 and
$30: choremen, and others. JwF. CROSETT
' & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGCY, 59 3d; phone John 3131.
Working • men, attention, free fare.
10 railroad laborers, - free fare.
4 section hands, S. P. R. R.
4 drillers, $2 per day; 5 laborers.
4 quarrymen, $1 75 and $2 per day.
• farm hands.
4 milkers, $30 per month. ,
6 more men for sawmills, free fare, j
,5 men for lumber mills, free fare.
4 men to make redwood ties, lie.
4 men to make posts. $3 per. hundred. • '
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft., $1 25 per cord.
Head linesman for logging crew, $60, board.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, roomil2
—2 porters, $25 and $30; dishwasher, countiV,
: $25. . , -..'... ¦¦¦/*,. /.
BOSS - BARBERS — To your ' Interest to be at
the meeting next Sunday, 3 p. m.,102 O'Far-
rell st. ; business of ¦ great . importance. S.
HELLER, Secretary Boss Barbers' Protective
Association. Union price lists can be obtained
at 11 Sixth St., free gratis. .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognised union; -927
. Market st., room 207. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS — Fixtures ¦ of ' a ., two-chair shop for
. sale; a bargain. . Corner Twenty-eighth and
Church «_. •¦ • --- ; - ¦.• • - :
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; afl kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072
CHIN.ESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FED1ALK.
PROTESTANT woman wishes housework; neat
housekeeper; steady and reliable; references.
Please call 746 Howard at., bet. Fourth and
Fifth. ' .- - - ¦
FIRST-CLASS cook, good . references, also a
young nursegirl, want positions in city or
country; moderate wages. . 1055 Howard St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. -- ' -
SITUATION wanted by a competent Swedish
girl to do upstairs work and wait at the table
or chamber work. Call Thursday at 713 Minna.
WANTED— General housework, washing and
Ironing by a competent woman. Box S047,
Call office. •- • -- .
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
washing. Ironing or housework; private. Ap-
ply 316 Linden ave., near Gough. :;
SEAMSTRESS and repairer wishes work" by
the day in families. Apply 901 Poet St., cor.
Hyde. . ¦ r. •
A GERMAN woman raised In America wishes
a situation to do housework; Is a rood cook;
wages from $10 to $12. - Call at 609 Howard gt.
A WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terms 60c. Address box 3048, Call office.
A NICE woman, a good cook, wishes situation
where there Is no lady to Interfere; references.
. 630 Gough »t.' . ' - *. . .
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
412 Fifth st. .-
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general house-
work. Write or call 349 Alvarado st., near
Castro.
LADY would like work by the day; plain sew-
lng or chamber work. . Address box 4094, Call.
JAPANESE girl who Is willing to work wants
position of any kind. W. OTA, 321 Powell st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st,., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 CO to
$6 wee-k; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. , •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GOOD middle-aged union hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address H. KIEHL, New
Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery "ave.
WANTED— By Englishman, age 34 years,
management of fruit trees In nursery or fruit
farm in California: good business abilities and
highest references. P. WELLS, Crawley,
Sussex, England. '
SITUATION wanted as coachman and garden-
er by willing, sober, all-round single man
for private place; good references. Box 3053,
Call office. .
BARKEEPER, first class, steady and sober,
wants a permanent position; city or country.
Box 3054. Call office. .
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender in country; best of references. Ad-
dress G. M., 1104 Larkin st.
POSITION wanted by young man aged 25;
good habits, single, good penman, business
' training; can furnish references and bond;
will go outside city If necessary; must have
¦ work. Address R., 424 Fredereick st.
WANTED — A position as gardener on private
place or residence; many years' experience:
steady and sober man. Please address or call
1309 Stockton st.
YOUNG man wants position In grocery deliv-
ery or milk route. Call or address 211}$ Bart-
lett st. - .- - -
COLLECTOR, by elderly man; experienced;
city guarantees; salary or commission; very
moderate. Address box 3008, Call office.
NURSE with good hospital references; also 3
surgical physicians' references; salary $40 a
month. Address 156 Perry st.; tel. Reed 612.
COMPETENT middle-aged man wants situa-
tion around a gentleman's residence: good
around horses, gardening; handy with tools;
will take care of Invalid. Box 4093, Call.
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or institution in this city.
Address YEE LING. 20 Prospect place, city.
FINANCIAL.
400 SHARES capital stock Smiths' Cash Store,
a corporation; guaranteed dividend 10 per
cent. For full particulars write BARCLAY J.
SMITH. 27 Market St. ; best Investment on
sale. '
FLATS TO LET.
A MODERN flat; 6 sunny rooms, bath, store-
room. 29 Elgin Park.., near Market St.
MODERN top flat 5 clean rooms; warm belt
881 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
BOWIE ave., 5. off Eleventh— Flat of 3 rooms;
cheap rent to small family.
FLAT to let, 6 rooms and bath. 2229V4 Mission
tt., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS- furnished in oak, $4S DO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
COMPLETELY furnished 4-room flat; hot and
cold water: rent $10; $120. 425 Dolores st.
4-ROOMED sunny new flat; hew furniture; flue
oak set; sell cheap. 431 McAllister stv' ,
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 McAllister st.
FURNITURE WANTED. ,
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody. 7E7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana'
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
.sell3 your bus.. merchandlse.fur.. carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,130o Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE^.
AT C. R. HANSBN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ............
4 more extra waitresses, $1 50 a day and fre«
fare both ways ••¦••
10 waitresses, restaurants $10 week
Waitress, springs ....: ••••• --$20
Waitress and chambermaid to wait, resort. *20
Waitresses, Woodland, Benicla, Petaluma.. $20
10 waitresses, hotels, city :... $20
Waitress, San Jose • *25
5 lunch waitresses, no Sunday work <oc
Fancy ironers. city and country $10 week
, FAMILY DEPARTMENT :....¦
Woman with a child $15
Cook and second girl, country ~ $«S
Housegirl. Petaluma, fare paid .....$15
Housegirl. Santa Rosa, fare paid ; $20
Housegirl. Newcastle, fare paid $25
Housegirl, Martinez $30
Cooks, houseglrls, second girls $10, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
A YOUNG nurseglri to take care of 1 child
to go to Lake Tahoe, nice place, $10 and fare
paid, .see party here, for summer season.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary st.
TWO men and wives, private places, $*5, $30,
sec parties here. ...'¦'.''¦¦''
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 10* Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, small hotel, $35; 2 waitresses,
country, mining hotel, $25; waitress, short
distance, hotel, $25;, 6 waitresses, city and
country hotels, $20; waitresses for restaurants,
$9 a week: cook for Menlo Park, $35; 6 cooks,
German style, $30; 6 second girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; nurse for one child, $25;
lroner, $20; 55 girls for housework, city and
i country, - $20, $25 and $30; laundress, family
work, $30; cook, wash and Iron, for Redwood
\ City, $30; cook for children, $15. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. . '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...... .V.
6 waitresses," flrst-class city hotels, $20; 13
J waitresses, very best commercial hotels, $20
and $25: 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; 3 cham-
bermaids, first-class hotels, $15: 5 extra wait-
resses, $1 50 day. free fare both ways.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, Berkeley,' $25, see lady here;
• many first-class places in private families,
; city and country. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary, st. • » • ¦ >
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
5; waitresses for. springs and chamber-
maids, $20. . . ' ¦ . ' • ; ".¦¦¦-¦¦
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO., 525 Market at. .•,...¦ •.".-.
LIGHT housework and assist . plain cooking;
wages 515; can have the privilege of attending
night school. 1121 Stciner st. , ; -.
CLOAK and suit • saleslady wanted; must be
' experienced; state. last position. Address L.,
box 3051. Call office. • -- -. --'¦
WANTED — Lady stenographer and typewriter;
give experience and wages expected. " Box
3046, Call office. , . .' r ' - ' ¦'
WOMAN to do cooking on a ranch; no baking,
- no washing; wages $25. 22 Washington ave.,
. ¦ bet; Mission and Howard its. • ¦
HOUSES TO LET. .
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, 206, near Fourth— House of 4 room*;
rent $7 50; water free. Apply G. H. UMBSEN.
' 14 Montgomery «t.
$12— HOUSE of 7 rooms; large yard. 1515
Leavenworth st.. near Jackson. '
$45— S ROOMS and large finished basement and
large yard. 1615 Bush st.. near Franklin.
LOST. AND FOUND.
LOST— Between Friday night and Sunday, oa
Kearny st., a V. S. certificate, dated 1831.
Finder please return to room 11%. Sailor**
Home.
LOST— Sunday evening on Mission st. between
Tenth and Twelfth, lady's silk umbrella.
1096 Valencia st. ; reward.
LOST— Stick pin with $2 SO gold piece and gold
heart attached. Return to 434 Second st. and
receive liberal reward.
LOST— Llewellyn setter bitch, white and black
ticked, black patch under left eye. Liberal
reward at St. Lawrence Stable. 423 Post st.
LOST— 2 cows, one white and one black and
white. J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Ver-
mont sts.: reward. •"
LOST— Small green watch Monday on Fillmor*
it. Return 1142 McAllister St., drug store;
'. reward.
LOST— Fox terrier; one ear tan: tag 298L Re-
turn 1824 O'Farrell st.; reward.
LOST— Diamond sunburst pin. Finder will h#
liberally rewarded by returning same to W.
L. B. MILLS.- room 504. 330 Market st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savin — t
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th»
name of KATIE E. DOON, No. 201-i229. T_»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Between Harrison and Bryant, a bunch
of keys. Please leave at 443 Third st.
FOUND — A lemon and white pointer dos: about
1 year old. W. D. COWARD. U. S. Mint.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath any minute for 2%c: will flow bolllns
water In 30 seconds; saves fire In range: call
and see It In operation; send for Illustrated
pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEATING CO..
Examiner building, room 607.
~~ MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c for list. MRS HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES AND
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
blEUIUAJU
, A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire ?.»
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of, fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dlf»
flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Mark:.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints: th»
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay: consult free. MR3. DR. KOHL. 1121
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
A — Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in on*
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician: can be sent: experience In all
pa.«e9 for 37 years. 12 Mason st.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market. ladles*
specialists: 32 years' practice: all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliabl*
treatment, superior to any other: positive cur*
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless: consultation fre«.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1C33 Market St.. nr.
ith— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able: 25 yrs«. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give irtstant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 2S yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home b»fore and durin?
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN', Ills Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care; low teea.
BHSCEJ.LANEOCS — FOIt SALE.
BOILERS', erisrines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, J95-137 ~="remont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock o*
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made: we can 3hip everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 101D. 1021. 10C3
Mission St., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $3J0;
cost originally S1CC0. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georsre Van Haltren: 3Cc post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 7.". Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pin».
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. S? 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; rail early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
SECOND-HAND machinery of alt kinds bought.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving plo-
tures.. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A FIltST-CLASS square piano for $30. UN-
CLE HARIMS, 15 Grant ave.
LOTS of houses and lumber at Anthony and
Mission sts.. and firewood. Apply 64 Silver.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enerines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 55S Mission St.. nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J BURKE. 13D Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate en«rlnps. new A 2d-hand;
. all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New. and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFK. 109-111 Varket st.. San Fran.
MISCBliIiAXKOPS WAXTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. l.~»4 Ninth:. tsl. Folsom 2522.
• S1ONKY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, <tc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you will' lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied : no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. .___
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2(1 and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doiT>jr business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor«. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission : conflnen-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone*.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: mon«y
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
MOST reliable olace to borrow on diamond*.
.watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, rtiamonrt*.
AI— MONEY loaned. CHASE. 64fi Market *t.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15ur>: r> r»iioval:
no commission; prtvafe. Room St. 6 TMdy st.
MONEY loaned sslar'ed people without s»vwrltv.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants Kx.. 4TI California.
CASH IoJ»n*d on salart*>«: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. unrtl-
vld<»d lnts. ; estates. HARPKR. ?1)7 Parrott blsr.
LOANS on salaries without Inrf'V'.er «"¦ seonr-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. 3r*> PKMan bide.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldln?:
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried rteonle on not? without
Irdorrer. MORRBTVL. «*» Kx^rniner buUrllntr.
TO «a!arW poor>le without collateral or ln-
rtnw S T. T)»«-miTit A-«"»~g. lit P>>e1^n Mr.
MONKY WANTEI*.
WANTED— $MC0 on secured note for 1 year:
will make note for.JROOO and rmy 8 p<»r c»nt:
good security. Bonaflde, box 3031 Call office.
nBf.P WANTKn MAf.B— r^- .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. '
Hotel night clerk." young man prererrea...-."
Chef, summer resort, see party here $iw
Baker and paatry cook *?J:
Baker for springs ; Jxx
Cake baker, north J2X
Chef, S10O: 2d. $S5; broiler and fryer. ..$60
30 dishwashers and kitchen hands, nlgnt
cooks, vegetablemen '"".'V-iisri^ViS
Waiters for city and country, hotels and res-
taurants
Baker, 2d cook. 3 dishwashers, country. « x £ra
Fare paid both ways Good wages
Frank Cramer, second cook, please call.
Engineer who can run dynamo for a. hotel
plant, $55 60 and found; man and wife, pri-
vate place, country, see party here 10 o cxock.
coachman and wife laundress, private famiij,
country. $45; 6 blacksmiths, country, $- f »0.
. $3 a day and $40 and board; carriage painter,
country. $50 and board: farmers. $2o and *-t>.
4 milkers. $30; man and wife for country
laundry. $20 week and board; al I - ar0U ° a
laundry man, country, $ — and board; - sta-
blemen, city, $60; 1 washer. 1 harness cleaner,
RAILROAD WORK.
For the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park.
Headers, $2 50; cornersmen. $2 50; drillers,$2 o0
Mucker*. $2 outside laborers. $1 .¦>
No discount Pay In cash
Free fare. ' Ship to-night.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
PERMANENT position (either sex), splendid
opportunity for good wages, selling pnoto-
graph guarantee certificates for responsible
gallery doing flrst-class work; fine sample
portfolio outfit furnished; investigate to-day
at Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market st.. corner
Stockton, bet. 8 and 11 a. m. Inexperienced
solicitors are making $15 and $25 per week.
WANTED— Single man as assistant book-
keeper; one familiar with Import business
preferred ; jX glve reference, experience and
wages exacted. Box 30S8. Call office.
BRIGHT boy about 14 years; neat appearance:
general work In store. MARKS BROS.. 1212
Market 8t. ; ___
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push:
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412, Parrott building.
MIDDLE-AGED man, single, to do porter work
In saloon: must be neat. Apply at 760 How-
ard st. after 8 a. m.
WANTED— Good non-union waiters: wages $10
per week: also 2 good cooks. Delmonlco,
7S9 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS cooks and waiters wanted at
Cal. Cafe. 17-19 Powell; good wages and
steady jiosltlon3. > : -,.
WANTED—Steady man satisfied with $15 to
$18 per week; light work; must have $125.
READ & CO.. 1007% Market st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 423 Montgomery
avenue. •
YOUNG man in a grocery: must bring flrst-
class recommendation. SOO Fulton st. ,
INCANDESCENT lamp (electric) salesman,
wanted. Address box 3045. Call office.
PORTER wanted; saloon. 100 Sixth St.
F.RRAND boy -wanted; wages $3 60 per week.
1117 Market st. . -
BOOTBLACK, first class, wanted; barbershop.
1527 Octavia St., near Post.
WANTED— Cook; an all-around man. 23
Fourth st. ' •
WANTED— Butcher boy. 2599 Market St., cor-
ner Sixteenth.
CASHIER for a solid business: pays $250 ma ;
must have $10C0t LUNDIN fe CO.. 906 Market.
WANTED— A ftrst-classi lunch coQk downtown.
Box 3030. Call office. ¦
PENSIONS— J.-H. SHEPARP & CO.. attys..
Examiner bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
BOYS to distribute circulars. Apply K. S. C.
Medical Co., rooms 121-122, 1238 Market st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. 26 Turk St., Park
Hotel.
WANTED— Man to help around kitchen. Sev-
enteenth and Vermont sts.
STEADY man with $175 cash can make SSO a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
WANTED — Blacksmith's helper. 537 Brannan
street.
BOY 14 to 16 years who live* In the Mission to
drive butcher wagon. 2707 Howard, st.
COOK; small restaurant. Apply at 1727 Mar-
ket St. '
1-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. Twenty-
fifth st., near Valencia.
WANTED — Recruits for th«-» marine corps. V.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35.;
not less than S feet 4 Inches and not over i
feet 1 inch, able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how wa teach
the trade In two months, saving two years:
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion ¦*»>*• our college; chair? and furniture
are all made to our own orrlrr, with a. view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay st.
beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED — First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body ma'ker:
steady employment to right party and flrst-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.
A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market St. 1
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer:
must be familiar with general office work;
wages $50 a month: state experience and ref-
erences. Address E. B. WATSON. San Jose.
WANTED at the Restaurant Keepers' Associ-
ation headquarters of San Francisco. 137
Mason st. — Restaurant help of all kinds. In-
cluding men and women; register Immediate-
ly for permanent positions at good pay.
WANTED — Cook. $75 a month or $3 a day; ;
waiters, $45 a month or $2 a day: dishwashers.
$35 a month of $1 50 a day; at coffee house, 13
Eddy st. •. j
TWO good collectors and canvassers* for weekly
Industrial Insurance: chance for advancement.
Apply E. C. LITTLE. 465 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Flrst-class advertising solicitor;
big pay to risrht party; references required.
Address box 3010. Call office. i
FIRST-CLASS < ladies' tailor wanted; high
wages. . P. VERDIER. 9S4 Geary St.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WAITERS wanted. 20 Third «t. "
200 MEN to buy stilts made to order. $1 per
week. . A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st.
RELIABLE young man for grocery and bar;
- must have some experience. 700 Polk st.
WANTED — Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2«1 sts.
"BARBERS — 4-chalr shop for sale on account of
' sickness of owner: price $150. 153 Fourth st.
YOUNG man for grocery. Apply B. K.
TRUEKEN,. Golden Gate. Oakland.
WANTED — Good clothing salesman. 1219
Broadway, room 55, Oakland. -
GOOD ladles' tailor; no other. McCLENEGAN,
632 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25a
to EOc. 262 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 600 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
. army ¦hoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have SOO pairs second-
hand shoes for «ale. BOc up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. 1 NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 26c night: reading-rooms- fre*
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ <¦ . ¦
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wpdnoriav'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-old mare: complete
o«"lt in serf ect condition: price $300. Box
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10.. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate "ave.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SOX. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horsjs. heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. • 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 ¦ pages. ; sent to . any ¦ address In the
, United States or Canada one year for $Lline of Golden Gate avenue. 40 W of Webster
street. W 31:6 by S 87:6; $6000.
John G. Klumpke to Fulton Engineering and
Shipbuilding Works (corporation), lot on W
line of Broderlck street, 129:6 N of Tonquin,
N 8, W 157:6, S 68:9, E 66:9, N 60:9. E 70:9.
quitclaim deed; $5.
Pacific Bank to Emily F. and C. B. Currier,
rerecord 1743 D. 232, lot on SW corner of. Clay
and Maple streets, W 137:6 by S 127:8%; $8000.
Estate Emily F.' Currier (by Christopher B.
Currier, executor) to John McGaw, lot on SW
corner of Clay and Maple streets, W 112:6 by S
127:8V4: J6600.
Christopher B. Currier to same, same; $300.
Amelia Dorland and Leonore A. and Louis
A. Souo to Mary J. Arthur, lot on E line of
Church street, 114 N of Eighteenth, N 27 by E
88: $1000.
City and County of San Francisco to A. R.
Wood, (executrix of estate of J..M. Wood), lot
on S line of Seventeenth street, 189:0*4 B of
Church, S 100, E 109:8, N 30, E 13:4. N 70. W
123; $— -.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha "Wood, exeeutricej) to Augusta Kle
sendahl (wtfe of'Kmll). lot on S line of Seven
teenth street, 264:0 1 >4 E of Church, E.23 by S
100; $2400. [•-¦ ¦ . •
Builders' Contracts.
Hannah Tucker (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect T. J. Welsh— All work
except plumbing and gasfittlng for one three
story frame (store and two flats) and one con
taining four flats on lot on S line of Hayes
street, 162:6 E of Octavia, S 120 by E 25; $8860.
Same owner with H. 'Williamson Company
(contractors), architect same — Gasflttfng; and
plumbing for same on same; $1170.
Peter Svetlnlsch. D. Bradaslch and B. Rad
dlch (National Bottling Works) (owners) with
A. Dohlberg (contractor), architects Kollo
frath & De,ane — All work except painting for
a two-story frame . structure and two-story
stable on . lot on N line of Fulton street. 110
H of Laguna, B 27:6 by N 120; $3437. '
REAL ESTATE . TRANSACTIONS.
Clemence J. Tayac to E. C. Quenel. lot on S
THE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY > 2, 1901.
11
_^J . - PILES. '
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here la your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference: no chloroform.'
surgery or delay from business, and no
Falvfcs for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
clan. box 1950. Call office. 3. F.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE CITV— KUK. SALE.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
$2200 — A snap; rents $24; near Jones and PoBt
streets.
$3750— A snap; O'Farrell st, north side; 40-ft.
front: rents $40.
$7500— Four brand new flats; all rented. $72;
east of Van Kess ave. ¦' - - - ' .
$9000 — Grand investment; 100-foot front; near
Taylor st.; rents $100. :
$10.000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pays about
7 r>er cent net: all rented.
$12.600— Leavenworth st.; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front; all rented. . i
$7500 cash invested and assuming a mortgage
will buy 3 elegant flats paying $98 over taxes,
water, etc., monthly; strictly modern.
$18.000 — Howard St., downtown: -fine i-ttory
building, with basement: rents $125.
$25,000— Greatest bargain In city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick, building; all rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle. • •
$25,000-^McAllister St.; 50-foot front; new im-
provements; rents $2000 a year. "*
533,000— New improvements; rents $245; &0 fee*,
front; close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
$36,000— Mission st.; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district. ... •¦ .
$40.000— Grand Investment: few blocks from
Tivoli: one tenant; rents $4000 a year.
$55,000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; few blocks
from Oroheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli; old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains. . ¦ ¦, ..
Anrly A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
Realty and rents both going up.
Secure a. lot from us and be Independent.
$500 to $800— Graded lots In Sunset District;
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Rlchmonds lots; $10
monthly.,
$75. $100 to $350— Level Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Misslon-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$500, $1000 to $3500— Splendid cottages; remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy terms.
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H Bt., Sunset.
SOLGETZ & BRO..
54 Chronicle Building. .
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open dally.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Sallsbury.builder.1333 Market.
REAL _STAT_ — COUNTRY' — For Sale
A DAIRY ranch of 190 acres; 160 river bottom:
100 cleared; 60 in red clover, 7 in orchard;
good 2-story house: 2-story barn; all fenced..
M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market St.. by Call.Bldg...
$6000—600 ACRES adjoining Reading; close to
the northern oil fields; similar formation;
will be sold at a bargain, as cash is needed.
Box 2886. Call office. .
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County ViticulturUt." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St Helena. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719
Market st., by Call fcldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for dale all over this State, f
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. "WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for.
free .copy of -Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A.LAM— DA RESAL _ STATIC.
ATTENTION!! % ' '
Great bargains in estates where the prop-
erty must be sold within the next 60 days.
Lots, fine homes, water fronts," etc. -Call
early. - E. D, JUDD & CO., •.
1424 Park St., Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
REAL ESTATE.
Bargains in furnUhed and unfurnished
houses to rent. Also great bargains In houses
and lots in closing up estates. Call and see
us. HAMMOND & HAMMOND, '
2326 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
$1250— SNAP; elegant -ie— modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. Q BURNS & CO.. 1501 Park rt. .
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath;. large
grounds, with orchard: near station; terms
reasonable. Inquire 790 Railroad ave.. ¦ Mas-
tick station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, bath, pantry, hot. and cold
water, stationary tubs, high basements, brick
foundation, stable and chicken-house; lot 40x
100; all fenced and cross-fenced; three minutes'
walk to R. R. station; stores, churches and
schools; price $1250; only $100 cash, balance $15
per month. Take ¦ Berkeley train, get oft at
Lorin station: office west side R. R. track;
open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
5-ROOM cottage; all modern and in No. 1 con-
dition: 5 rooms, bath, pantry, stationary tubs,
high basement; fruit trees and flower garden;
windmill and tank; chicken houses, stable, .
etc.; price $1250; only $200 cash, balance : $15
per month; large lot; all fenced and cross-
fenced. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station : office west side R. R. track; open
Sundays. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
NOW FOR A SNAP.
5-room modern cottage: stable, chicken houses,
etc.: close to station and school; 1 block to st.
cars; price $1250; only $150 cash, balance $15
monthly; bank loaned $1000 on this property.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln station;
office west side R. R. track: open Sundays.
. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
FOR rent — A beautiful house, 6 rooms and
bath; large grounds and brooder and about 50
full bearing fruit trees; this place is fenced
and cross- fenced with wire netting; rent only
$20 per month. Take Berkeley train, get off
at Lorln station: office west side of R. R.
track; open 'Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
$1500— 6-room house; large lot; all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local. .
$6500— Income property In center of town;
rents for $71 per month. ...
$8500— The finest home in beautiful Berke-
ley: lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home. >
Apply L. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite
First National Bank. . ¦
$2750— NEW 2-story house; complete In every
particular; thoroughly well built; street work
all dons," near the electric cars and railroad.
$5000— Fine new house of 9 rooms; lot 62x160;
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
j - ¦ •"- •; • Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE. ,
.FOR SALE— In Roes Valley, 7 minutes' walk
¦ from San Anselmo station, ' an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x200:
well cultivated. For particulars inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sannome rt. ' '.,. ;
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — Lots, houses and lots or acreage In
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS,
real estate and insurance. Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORCED MORTGAGE SALE.
$2750— Cost $3500: Eastlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high, floored basement; lot 50x140: sunny
¦ elde. with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
Etone walks, chicken yards, etc.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
Cozy cottage and large lot; fronting on two
streets; owner out of town; chance to get a
snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
t £250 EACH— Two new 6 rooms and bath - cot-
tages on West St.. nr. 28th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140 each; must be
eeen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 8th St.. Oakland, Cal.
por «ale or exchange — A new 13-room house
and stable for cottage. - Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland. BBS!
MUSXCAL INSTRUMENTS.
A.LL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $651 2 Chickerings (like
1 Heine baby grand J new) $200
(like new) SJ25 2 Heines «315 up
I Steinway S1S3 1 Hallet-Davls $463
And fifty others: rents S2 up allowed on pur-
chase. W> handle all makes. Agents for som*
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davis. Indorsed by all
the preatest masters; over 50.000 in use In most
fxcluslve homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may b* exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pla.no* sold for $3, $4 and
V- per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco; comer Broadway and
Thirteenth et.. Oakland.
AT BYRON MAUZTS, 308 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
Ipfs electric s«lf-playlng piano attachment:
can be put In any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano is made
Agent Sohmer. Byron Maury. Gabler. Ham-
ilton, Splelmann pianos.
A LOVP" prica and a pood article Is what the
People want. We have both to offer in the
piano line. An upright for $100 and as
much more as you feel like paying. Call and
Fee our stock before buying. We can save
you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO 769
Market *t.
the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaro Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S, 26
S« and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and price*: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
1 PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $S0. J_5, $130; easy
payments: also Apollo ellghtly used, a bar-
pain. BENJ. CITRTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarreU
ft.. Chlckering agrency.
HAZELTON pianos; none better: special salB
this week of this and other high-grade
rJanos; alsobargalns in second-hand up-
rights. PETTING CO.. Flood building.
A— $400; T'PRIGHT prand. new, tor almost
half. :i6 McAllister et.
KRANICH & RACH pianos, musicians' delight.
Pole atrency BUUEKX. 208 Post st.
YOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KILGO. 846 Mission st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CCRTAZ PIANO CO.. B60 Hayeg Bt.
fi:T-MAHOGAXT case Fischer upright. 217
Geary st.. room 3S.
A SMALL ChickerinR upright. $125: 6 uprights,
second-handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
GKXTLEMAN jrointr East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. €18 Eddy 6t.
54". UPRIGHT. I12S Knabe. $155 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17C6 Market Bt.. you
can pet storage pianos almost for a song.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN*— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
riKhte at your own price. Shonlng-er asrency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
2 STORES with fixtures and 4 living rooms
with each; good order: fine business location;
low rent. Apply 926 Harrison Et.
LIGHT, sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreclc-
: «>'!= truildine. P27 MaTket st. ¦ ¦¦ ¦
OIL.
COSTA Rica. 10 cents per share, -will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.; send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
• ment Co.. 226 Post et.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands In the
best districts; investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission rt.
OIL _AJ\*DS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking- for lands
or -wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
6HEA _ PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
lo.OOO ACRES oil land in various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St., r. 6.
PAIVTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
?8 ud. Jensen & Bath. 808 Sixth: oz>en even.
PAX.MISTRT.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, E1S
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
rAKT.VEKS WASTED.
WANTED— Doctor es partner on new dlscov-
ery. Box 3S93. Call office.
PATKSTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
_________
¦N'OTICE— After this date I will not be respon-
E'b'.e for any debts contracted by my wife,
MRS. MARY L. THOMAS. THOS. J.
THOMAS.
SOMETHING- to eat— Home dining-room, 27
Market Ft., 6th floor, is open for business as
uFual and the best home lunch or dinner in
town awaits all who come.
TO woik in s-arden or drive — Ladies' leather
fi-loves, 25c; all styles. Gloves for men, wo-
men or boys at SMITHS;. 27 Market st.
NOME— If going get your outfit to eat, to wear
and to sleep in at SMITHS'. 27 Market St.
RAG- c»rr»ets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
<~arp<-t twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
STEAMER F. M. Smith leaves S. F. for San
J'fe daily except Saturday at Jackson-st.
wharf. '*¦'>.-'
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay.
which" will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter et.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, cail
on DR G S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively iruaranteod; preparation sent to all
parts cf the world; call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED, come! We will locate your dis-
ease free without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feelinsr pulse; tell you how to set
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; this Is not a faith cure, but scienti-
fic treatment. Ncrvo Pathio Co.. 327 Larkln.
A WOMAN, one side badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth: also freckled girl; remedies
«ruaranteed permanent; call— seeing Is believ-
ing. N. Y. Inet. Dermatology. 10a Ellis. S. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
bom*: $5; valuable information for »a«>r.
morphine opium, ?11 drug habits. MRb.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk St.. San Francisco.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Bcotch. J15 up; fine dress suits, $2C (up; . «Ie-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2Tc to II 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week,
free 'bus and bapgace to and from the ferry.
CO., 1310-1212 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdreesing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie st.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to i. ex-
cept Th. and Sat-^electroiysie; 17 years exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market et.. nr. Sixth.
OLD gold eilver. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. E17 Market st.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
eoid. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom:tel.Folsom urn.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
end Tfpalred.no matter what's broken.$i;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists-
MASQUERADE costumes, play bo? 1 ". 1
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Butter «t.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. _
PHYSICIANS AJVP SURGEOXS. •
DR7^~cTb'D^N^SELI^<)fflce and residence.
1021 Market gt. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES .-___ r
OX your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS, 29 Market et.. for finest wines and
liquors; barest house; open Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL . ESTATE. •
Z_Z_ "•'¦' •' • •
AT AUCTION
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
I AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Bank Properties, . •
SATURDAY, MAT 4, '
2 p. m., at office. j. , .
TOUR RENT WILL BUT
A HOME. ; : *¦¦ •
Payments include i principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
At less than houses cost. '.-..
BERKELEY HOME— *200 cash, $20 mo. ; 3025
Ellis st.. nr. Prince; bet. Lorln and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room; bath;- 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109; street complete.
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. - COT-
TAGE— J150 cash. $15 mo. : 1031 Sixty-third or.
Felton et. ; 2 blocks San Pablo ave. ; bay-win-,
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. ¦ • : ;
LORIN STATION LOTS-J50 cash,' $5 per mo. :
N. s. 62d or Crawford st.. 2 blocks east' San
Pablo ave. ; 2 lots, each 60x163. ¦ .
GOLDEN GATE' COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15
mo. ; &3d or Mattie are. : 2 blocks San Pablo
cars: 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation; stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT--$25 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Carrison. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126. . .
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. 6. 43d St.. 90 ft. W. of Market; 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric cars. and new ferry, i"j
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo,:
1913 Broadway: 6 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms, bath; 50x125; .shrubbery;- nice order.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, .$30 ma: 1330 18th ave.,, cor.-
E. 18th st.; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; 3 mantels; furnace; gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; nrst-clags condition.'
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 caah. $15
ma; 857 E. 21st st., nr. 19th ave.; bay window;
5 rooms; bath; lot 60x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars; street macadamized. '
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 mo.; 1127 E. 20th st. ; 23d -ave. cars;*
modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful'
view; near station, churches, schools; lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d st., nr. 21st avo.; 3-room cot*
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
KAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 mo.; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation; 25x140; sightly; near cars, school. :
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash. $15 mo.; 1670
and 1572 21st ave.; E. 21st st. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures; flat 6 rooms; bath ;• mantel; street
macadamized; 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy St.; sta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home.
" E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 castt, $5 mo. : NE.
cor. lath ave. und E. 17th St.; 42x90; near 23d-
ave. sta. ; adjoins nice Improvement*. •
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
125; homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station;
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $25 cash.
$5 mo,; N. side E. Ninth, St., 225 E. of 28th
ave.; 25x100. ' __¦•
ELMHURST COfTAGE— $150 cash. $12 50
mo.; First ave.; block power-houses: modern;
bay-window: 5 rooms; bath; barn ; v 50x150. .
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 I cash, $12 50
mo.; Third St., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; 40x125; cement « walks. •
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 mo.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave. : Stone Tct. ; 50x
140; 3 blocks cars: powerhouse.- -
REMEMBER DATE,
SATURDAY, MAY 4, AT 2 P. M.
Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL r ESTATE CO.,
Salesroom 460 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
' •'¦ " ¦ ' _ " ' i
$100 CASH. $10 monthly— 1% acres of chdlce
land, covered with assorted. fruit orchard in
full bearing: also a running stream, with im-
mense shade trees; no better soil can be had;
lovely spot and well sheltered, away from
winds and fog: near' electric cars and fine
3-story schoolhouse; climate superb and
charming view; price all told. $1150; adjoining
East Oakland. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st., opposite 'Broadway Station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z." JONES, owner.
OAKLAXD : ROOMS AKD BOARD.
LOVELY f urnished~rooms,' with excellent board
in private family, for adults. 514 22d st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR S ALB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention — Com-
modious offices to let; best location; electric
eleVator service. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLIPPER, 452, Castro car— Sunny bay-window
room, kitchen and bath, $8.
FOLSOM, 525— Sunny suite front rooms; light
housekeeping; $9 monthly. - , .
FOLSOM, 2020 — Two front connecting rooms for
light housekeeping; bath, laundry; $10.,
GEARY. 813&— Three furnished .housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; bath.
HOWARD. 1119%. near Seventh— Sunny , fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; single
rooms. ¦ i ¦
LARKIN, 804— -Large ' sunny front room and
• back room, $8 and $10; also furnished house-
, keeping rooma. ' '
LARGE front room for housekeeping in private
family. 649 Howard 6t". '
LASKIE. 27, off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth
— 3. sunny furnished .rooms for housekeeping.
LEXINGTON ave., 376, near Twenty-first St.—
Beautiful sunny rooms for housekeeping;
kitchen complete; bath and wash trays. .
NEW AUBURN HOUSE. 334 Third St.— House-
keeplng rooms, suitable for family; reference.
NOE, 153—2 sunny bay-window rooms complete
housekeeping; gas stove; grate; bath;, $14.'
OAK. 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; stove, . closet; $9. ,_
SIXTH, 541— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping, $10. "„
SOUTH . PARK, 159—2 or 3 rooms complete for
housekeeping. • • ¦¦
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
.Valencia 6t. • • .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Ilntnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— B»st $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 . Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 445 — Unfurnished basement,' 3 rooms;
dry and sunny; large yard; reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FJFTH, 264, cor. Clementina— Neatly furnished
*unny room with bath; rent $6 50.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny, rooms. -en suite or
-single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD court, fr^-Furnished rooms, quiet,
for gentlemen. . -¦'¦¦¦ . ¦
HYDE, 133— Nice large sunny rooms; gas, cloo-
ets and runnlne: water. .-..-..
JESSIE, 303, cor. . Fourth— Nicely furnished
front rooms. - ' ¦ .. - ¦- ¦ . ' ¦¦¦¦¦-•;. _
JESSIE. 363, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
room3, $4 and $5. A * .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; 'transient. |
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day vp.}
NICELY furnished room suitable for one or two
gentlemen. 1237 Geary; entrance on Gough.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny corner bay-
wlndow. folding bed, Welsbach, 1, $9; 2.. $10.
O'FARRELL, 20-^-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; , elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROSEDALE •: House, 319-321 • Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent •' light;
• reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms.per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
• $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms .with hot and cold water; baths. - ..-, .¦>.¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth ' St.,
| near Market— Furnished or unfurnished., •-.¦'
SIXTH. 212— Nice suite of roomsi suitable for
? tailor or dressmaker; also other rooms. >.%>.:.- -
TURK 126 — Sunny furnished -front ,-room suit-
able for, a gentleman. $6 per month.% -.' • - ,
TURK,* 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly: fur-
nished; modern In every detail; board option-
al. Phone South 42?
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome. City, an^
Teller City.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port Way 26th.
For passage, or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN. Agent.
¦- 63S Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO.
••*/'¦ : ¦ • v ¦ • ¦ -J ';." i* ¦'¦
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc,
S. S. VALENCIA,
J. M. LANE, Master,
' Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 24, 1901,
And Seattle
MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO-
SO CAXJFORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
'Cor v of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
.Pacific* Coast iSteamship Co.
!___. -FOR
feNOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle -with the Company* • New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome laat
year, belnar one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
St. MichaeU
Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From Seta Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora"- May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh" ..May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 25 ... ... ... ... ... ...... w
"St. Paul" June 1 Juno 8.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau. Valdez. Kodlak.
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
310 Sansomo st.. San Francisco.
I Passenger and Freight Str. B .
"JOHN S. KIMBALL." gj
NOME]
TELLE2.G0L0TNINBAY.P0RT CLARENCE I
SAILS MAT 25th. H
CONKLIN & CO.. 867 Market St. gj
N. J\. T. <fe T\ CO.
_fTO_v_:__,
TELLER, ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON'
RIVER POINTS. . .
From San Francisco.
SS ROANOKE.... Sails May 15
SS. SANTA ANA Sails
For tickets or freight space write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE. .<
/ 630 Market St.. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PASIS.
. . Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
•From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. in.
St Louis ..MaylStSt. Paul June 1!»
St Paul.... May 291 St. Louis ...June 28
St. Louis ...Juno ol St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark May 15] Zeeland June S
Pennland May 22! Frlesland June 13
Kensington May 29 Southwark June _
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery sj.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F. BISMARCK MAY O, 1O A. M.
Deutschland ....May lSJCblumbia May 30
A. Victoria...... May 23| • .
J| Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
?Batavia iMay IllPretoria May 25
Pennsylvania ...May 18 1 'Phoenicia ......June 1
- 7 r *Sails to Hamburg; direct. • ..
Hamburg- American Line, 37 B'way, N..Y. •
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st.
PANAMA R.R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT. .
.. Cabin. 9103; Steerage. «1O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, May II
8. S. - sails Monday, May 20
S. S.Leelanaw sails Monday, June' 3
From Harrlson-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F.- CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA T.E VAPO3ER
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf. 12 m. ••
PERU ...May 3fPALENA» May 30
GUATEMALA .MaylilLOA .June 13
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (Net
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and -
passenger office. 315 California street.
I BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAYAND EIVEP. ST_A_GEIRS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALLUO.
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON. fUES., WED.. THURS. AND BAT..
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:J0 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1p.m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m., 8 d. m. Landing and office. Mis-
•lon-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main —OS.
aged ; 58 years. A member of Walhalla Re-
bekah Lodge No. ISO, L O. O. F. . —
(C~Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late -resi-
dence, 601 Hayes street Interment I." O. O.
F. Cemetery. ->
SCHLAGL— In this city. May 1. 1901, Fran-
| clska. .beloved wife of Anton Schlagl, mother
of Mrs. J. Fischer and Adolph. . Anton Jr.,
t Frank and Charles Schlagl, and sister of Mrs.
:F. Fischer, .Mrs. A. Kutscher and • Frank
Hacker, a. native of Austria, aged' 56 years
S 10 months and- 11 days. A member ' of Mar-
tha Lodge No. 241, K. and L of H.
I t~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
- dence, 523 Sixth street, between Bryant and
Brannan. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH-^April 30, 1901, Chester W. M. Smith,
beloved : husband of Cella A. Smith, and
father' of the late Mary A. and Harry G.
Smith/ aged 71 years - 1 month and 18 days.
(CTFuneral this day (Thursday), at ' 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 1719 Clay
street under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. And riiembers of
' Bohemian Council. A. L. of H.. and San
Francisco Lodge No. *, A." O.' U. . W.. cor-
dially invited. "•'.••
SMITH— In Oakland. May 1. 1901. James Smith.
. beloved husband of Nellie Smith, and beloved
father of- John, Frank. Jamea and Evelyn
Smith,- a native of Ireland, ¦ aged 45 years 11
; months- and 11 days. • . ¦
¦ E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at' 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 703 Filbert street thence to the Church
. of the Immaculate Conception, where services
. will be- held, commencing at 2 o'clock. In-
.terment St.- Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. '••
STANTON— A solemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated •. this day (Thurs-
day), .at 8 o'clock; at St Dominic's Church,
for the repose of the soul of the late Ellen
Irene, beloved wife of Frank J. Stan ton-
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend. ;
STEVENSON— In this city. April 30. 190L Mln-
' nle, beloved • wife of Charles - E. Stevenson,
mother of Alfred J. and Eva ' Stevenson, and
sister-in-law of Thomas H. - and ¦ Francis
Stevenson, a native of Ireland, aged 33 years.
(Detroit/Mich., and Toronto, Canada, pa-
pers please copy.)
CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypresi
Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
SWEENEY— In this city. May 1. 1901, John
Sweeney, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
|T7"NotIce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of - Bunker & Lunt,
2666 Mission street, Mission Masonic Temple.
VAN BERGEN— In San Mateo. - May 1. 1901.
Harriet Frances, beloved wife of John. W.
Van Bergen, and mother of _dgar N. and
Howard H. • Van Bergen. : '
E~Notlce of funeral hereafter. • •
WEST— In this city. - April SO. 1901. Robert
Martin West, dearly beloved and only child
of Appleton B. and Beatrice West and
' grandson of Mrs. Jennie M. Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 years 2 months and
20 days. . • . -
WYNNE— In this city, April 30. 1901. Jane, be-
loved sister of Nicholas, and aunt of Charles
¦Wynne, a native of County Monagban, ¦ Ire-
land, aged 83 years and 6 months. "
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this
(Thursday) morning, from her late residence,
705 Oak street, thence to ¦ Sacred Heart
Church, Fillmore and Fell streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
. the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
YOUNG— In Sausalito, April 29, 1901, Thomas
Young, aged 89 years and 17 days.
(C~Interment private. .
CARD OF THANKS.
. We desire. to express our sincere thanks to
our many friends for the kindness and sym-
pathy extended to us in our late bereave-
ment in the death of our mother.
EUGENE GASSMANN.
MRS. CECILE CAMOZZI and
MRS. ALICE DOASSANS.
ROOMS TO >LET— Fnrh. and Unfurn.
TURK, 543, near Polk— Single room for gen-
tleman, with bath, $1 per .week. ¦ ¦ .
VAN NESS. 930,:
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly, furnished;
all south rooms; tourists. ¦¦ .¦ . ,
WALLER, 1611, near Golden Gate Park— 2 front
rooms. ¦ ¦ ' " '' '.
WASHINGTON. 602— Unfurnished rooms ' for
gentlemen; no children; clean and ; quiet.' • ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce,2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. ' ' /'¦
¦ ROOMS AND BOARD. :
ERIE. 59, corner Howard— Bay-window front
• room; sun all day; with board; two; $38.
NICELY furnished sunny room with board;
private, family. 936 Valencia, cor.' Liberty.
' PINE, 1376— Elesrantly -furnished; first-class
table board; private family; references.- . -,.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
. First st...' between Harrison and Bryant
AT summer- rates: attractive rooms;- special
table: wine dinners. S07 California st. - . . ¦. . -
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED, 1
¦ WANTED— Room and board; private, family;
10 minutes': walk Call building; bath; reason-
. able: state terms. Box 3040, Call. ¦'.¦..•
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles'* - in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4;/ collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery, st, rooms 9-19; tel.-5E80. ..
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
' NEW and second-hand machines of all makes
at almost any, price you want . to pay; all
kinds rented $2 per month. E. B. '.'Auto-
matic"- Machine Office, 145 Sixth st. ; phone
Mint 45. - . ¦ .' -' -¦ '
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing, guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
. ALL kinds bought, soil, rented, exchanged, re-
1 '.paired: open even.: r>hor>« Black 1124. 205 4th.
1 STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office, Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main S713.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fnimore rft. ; phone Jackson . 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st: tel. MiPt IS?!. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
SU3IMER RESORTS.
LADY having own modern cottage would take
2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet place
for invalid or old b.dy. , MRS. H. JONES,.
Menlo Patk. ! '
TO LEASE.
lovely^iome! ~~~" ""~ — — .
To lease for a long term to responsible
' party, 40 acres of best land, good .locality in
Santa Cruz County: only half a mile from
depot; conslEtlng of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes. and balance best fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, ets.; lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, ' phaeton, etc. ;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
lonii. Box 3841. Call office. '-¦' - ¦-'...-
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS iN^TYFEWRITER^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
¦ Exehanjre. E36 California: telephone Main 268.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
NOTICE of Dissolution of Partnership— Notice
Is hereby given that the partnership, UNION
MACHINE COMPANY, doing business In the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California, was dissolved by mutual consent
of the parties thereto on April 29, 190L
• Dated April 29. 1901.
. CHARLES RAPP,
• FREDERICK D. BOPLER.
. ' THOMAS O'NEILL. .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend '(No. 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has. been declared
payable at the office of , the company, 430
- California st..- San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer boolfs close May 3,. 1901. at noon. A.
A. SPARKS., Secretary. *• - ¦-.'. •---'-¦
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. CaC" April 6. 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will' be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday,- May 6,
1901, and then opened, for construction of a
sewer system at Fort Point, Cal.- Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
all bids' in whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions-
of -price and quality (including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to arti-
cles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption re-
¦ quired by the public service ¦ there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M. ¦ . ¦ ¦
PROPOSALS for Coal— Office of General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service, San
Francisco. Cal., 'April 30, 1901. Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
erlng on board army transports at San Fran-
cisco. California,' forty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or such portion thereof as
may be required, will be received at this of-
fice uhtll'12 m.. May 31/1901, and then opened.
Information furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Coal," and addressed to
OSCAR F. LONG. General Superintendent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William" J. Dickey,, 47, Fresno, and Marchlsl
Boyd, 25, Fresno. ¦
Edwin L. Hlteman, 25/ 422 Post street, and
Lottie M. Gruber. 25, 26 Eureka street.
•John S. Jenkins, 42, 275 Locust avenue, and
Sadie .L. Kennedy, 35. 1728 Bush street.
James B. Corbett, 50, city, and Ella Ryan,
32 city. ' - - ' ' '
Christian H. Dunker, 30, Cordelia, and
Amanda Lohse. 22, Cordelia. _
Eusrene L. Perret, 22, 1002 Harrison street
and Martha E. Tierney; 22, 33 Welch street.
John B. Crooker, ' 38, Suisun, and Anastacla
E. Foley, 28, Suisun. : - .
¦ Charles E. Binning, 36. Woodland, and Em-
ma E.r Clark,. 24. Winters.
Russell Avery, 34,. city, and Anita Avery,
31. city. • ¦
Henry Stuhr, 28, 1801 San Bruno avenue, and
Teresa Lottor, 24, 1927 Ban Bruno avenue.
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.;
Birth marriaee and death , notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either'of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
' BORN.
GUIRARD— In .this city, April 30, 1901,- to the
i wife of Maxlme C. Guirard, a daughter.
HELLER— In this city, ' March • 30, 1901, to the
wife of S. Heller, a daughter.
OWEN— April 24, 1901, to the wife, of Peter J.
* Owen, a daughter.. . ' .
PEREGRINE-^In Oakland. April 27, 1901, to
the wife of A. C. Peregrine, a daughter.
REAVIS— In this city, April 27, '- 1901, to the
wife of James J. Reavis, a son. >.-./¦
TOWNS— In Surinydale, April 23. 1901, to the
wife of Thomas C. Towns, a daughter.-
MARRIED.'
GRAY— MILLER— In this city. May 1, 1901, by
the Rev John Stephens, Joseph Gray Jr.
and Alice M. Miller, both of San Francisco.
HOGBERG-^-LINDSTROM— In this city, April
28 1901 by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
FiW English Lutheran • Church, Emll Hog-
berg and Ingrld Lindstrom, both of San
• Francisco. • ¦ • ' '
ISA ACS-MARKS-In this city. April 28. 1901,
by the Rev. " Dr. J- Nleto, Abe Isaacs and
-Fanny Marks. - ¦'¦ . .
JUDA-ABRAHAMS-In this city, April • 17,
-1901 by the Rev. Dr. J.^lNleto, Leon Juda
land Dora Abrahams. -, .; -. -.,-...
REID— GUMMER— In this city, April . 30, 1901,
by the Rev. John Stephens, Robert E. Reid
and Grace E. Gummer, both of San Fran-
SAVANNAH— GOLDSTONE— In this city, April
¦ 28 .-1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto,' Michael
,-' savannah and Pauline Goldstone. ,
....' _ DIED. ~~
Arata, Maria. " MacCabe. Richard J.
Arnheim. Nettie ,• . McFarland. ¦ Mrs. R.
Beauchamp, Leon L. ,. McLeod. Daniel '.J. :
- "Boushey, Julius, M.D. < Mills. James ¦- •
-'Buchtel. Samuel - Moore, Miss Elizabeth
• Busteed. -Anna; . Myrick, • Mrs." Mary .
Carter. William P. Nelson, Osmond - G. .
•¦- Chalmers, Thomaa '. Rulffs, Rebeckah.-.. • -..'
i Crowley,' Gussie ' Schlagl, Franclska
Denneen. Patrick J. "'.Smith, Chester W.M.
Devitt^ Edward ' Smith, James.
¦ Donnelly, Chron " . Stanton, Ellen I. ¦
• Freeman, Allen M. 'Stevenson. Minnie "
Fritz. John A. Sweeney, . John .
"t Hall. > Peter N. Van Bergen, Harriet
¦* Halversen, Halver. West,' Robert
"Hublon, Peter N. • Wynne, Jane ' ' .
Joyner, Peter Young, Thomaa ...
. Kronenberg,- : Barbara . ; ¦ •• . ¦'•'¦"..
ARATA— In this city? ;April\ 30, 1901, ' Maria
•¦Arata, beloved, mother iot. Glovanbatista.' An-
OCEAN TBAVEli.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
N^ . . wharf, San Francisco:
!*_*__ ' For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
t^aWfc May 1, 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31.
l»3«r~V**». June B - Change to company's
I I«i Es5n3ra steamers at Seattle.
RBjs_89\_l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I J_Bl_2£!?35yl C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
I r^^9__K»U Pacoma, Everett. Anacortes
ar ~ttS_HH and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
a. m.. May 1, 6,-11, 16, M,
26 31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry- 1 at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m .. May
3, 8, 13, 18. 23, 28, June 2. and every fifth day
For San' Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
peles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.: steamer Bo-
nlta, -Tuesdays. 9 a. m. =_; • "-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.*
For further information obtain company's
folders. ' < - ¦ ¦ .
The company : reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
•TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ¦*•¦-•,
GOODALL, PERKINS •& CO.; Gen. Agts.;
¦ -v.'- .10 Market st. San Francisco.
6. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
, PORTLAND, Or., :
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or stenms'iin and rail, at
——LOWEST RATES! '
Steamer Tickets Include Berth -and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA., Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8. 18. 28. May S
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF.' COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with , steamers for
India, etc. - No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. R»1
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU..Wednesday. May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU..Saturday. June 22. 1901
- Round-trip tickets, at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
Ai»Aanfl> CT € /PA "AWAII, SAMOA, NET!
oceanics.5.to. aa^wgB
SS. • SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia .....;........ .
ti»r ...:r.:... ........ Thursday, May •,•¦10 a. m.
SS, MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)............. ,
.-.' :.•.........;... ."....Saturday, May 18. 2 p. m.
SS.' AUSTRALIA for Tahiti ..'
....... .:.....;...... Sunday,* June 30. at 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.; Gsmral Agents. 327 Harks! St
fian'l Passengsr Offica. 843 Martat St, Pier Ho. 7, PaciS: St
COMPAGNIE GENEBALE TBAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT ; LINE TO - HAVRE-PARia !;. -__,_.• r
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of </Rr_*r5|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from • Pier 43, -5*j_*.#»
North River.' foot Of Morton street-' First class
to - Havre, . $35 and ¦ upward. . Second : class to
Havre, »45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED • STATES , and . CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. P.
FUGAZI & CO., 'Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, Francisco. Tickets sold bj
all Railroad Ticket A greats.
tonlo, Paolo. \ Lulgl, Giovanni and Agostino
, Arata, Mrs. Antonio Cereghlno, Mrs. Luigi
Lercari, Mrs. Eugenia 'Bertolucci and - the
late Mrs. Francesca Campodonico, and sister
of Mrs. Andra Cuneo, a native of Italy, aged
78. years ;1 month and 26 "days.
[_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7 Bartor place. 'N..B.— At 9:30 o'clock
there will be celebrated a requiem high mass
. at/ Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, corner
Dupont . and Filbert : streets, for the repose
of her v soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ARNHEIM— In this city, April 29, 1901, Nettle,
beloved wife of Abraham Arnheim. and sis-
ter' of Mrs. Mattie Ctieadle and George,
Frank "and Charles Merrll, a native of
Maine, aged 26 years 5 months and 23 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her.Jate
residence. 3027 • California street. Interment
Mountain. View Cemetery, Oakland, by 11
o'clock boat/" creek route., .
BEAUCHAMP— In this city, May 1. 1901. Leon
L. Beauchamp, beloved husband of Lillle
Beauchamp, and father of Leisha Beau-
champ, a native of California, aged 42 years.
BOUSHEY— In this city, April 29, 1901, Julius
Boushey,' M. D., beloved husband of Mary A.
Boushey, and father • of . Homer . A. and the
late - William - S. - Boushey, a native of . In-
dlana. -.'..-..- *
'-' [CFriends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of. Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
'Mission -Masonic Temple, under the 'auspices
of Court Occidental No. 6676, Ancient Order
of ' Foresters. -Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. ¦ ¦•-'''. .»";
BUCHTEL— In 'the City and County Hospital,
May 1. 1901, - Samuel Buchtel, a native of
¦ Ohio, aged 63 years.
BUSTEED— In this city,; May 1, 1901. Anna,
beleved wife of the late Thomaa Busteed,
and mother of Mary W., William J. and the
late Thomas F. .and Michael J. ; Busteedi a
native of Ireland. I " * .
. ICTFriends and. acquaintances . are respect-
- fully invited to ftttend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at -.9 o'clock, f rom ¦ her late resi-
dence, 1306 Sanchez street, thence to St.
• Paul's Church, • where a»requlem ¦ high mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Cnlvary Cemetery. ; ¦ . • .'•/•-,
CARTER— In this city, April 30, 1901. Wil-
liam P. Carter, a native of Tennessee, aged
67 years G months and 15 days.
ETNotlce of , funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the funeral parlors of Bunker ! & Lunt,
2666 Mission street. Mission Masonic. Temple.
CHALMERS— In this city. May 1, 1901, Thomas
Chalmers, : a ' native of Scotland, aged 37
years. -' ¦ ¦'¦ , ¦
IE~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ¦ , v
CROWLEY— In this city. May 1, 1901, Gussie,
beloved daughter of John and the late Julia
Crowley, . and sister of Mamie and the late
John Crowley and Mrs. H. Klein, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years 4 months
and 10 days. . ¦ ' .
IC^Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 114 Seventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph' s Church, where a requiem, high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Qross Cemetery. •
ALTA Parlor No. 3. N. D. G.
are requested to attend the funeralof our
late sister. Agusta Crowley, to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 8 o'clock, from her late residence,.
114 Seventh street.
MISS A.' BROWN. President.
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
DENNEEN— In Seattle, Patrick J. Denneen, a
native of County Cork, Ireland.
K~Notice of funeral hereafter.
DEVITT— In this city, April 29, 1901. Edward
I Devitt, beloved husband of Annie Devitt,
and father of Mamie Devitt, a native of New
York, . aeed 67 years. ¦ ¦
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the under-,
taking parlors, of A. .W. Martin & Co., 319
O'Farrell street. Interment -, Laurel Hill
¦Cemetery..', - - > '• •'
DONNELLY— In this city, April 30, 1901.
- Chron, beloved husband of Winifred Don-
nelly, and father of Frank. Thresa and
James Donnelly and Mrs. Mary McDonough,
a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. -.- .
FREEMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 1. -1901. Allen M. Freeman, a native of^
Illinois, aged 54 years. -~
FRITZ— In this city. May 1, 1901. John A.
Fritz, beloved father of Fred and August
Fritz, Mrs. C. L. Haskell and Mrs. F. A.
Hanke, a native of Wittenberg, . Germany,
aged 79 years 1 month and 28 days. , ;
HALL- In the City and County Hospital, May
1, 1901, Peter N. Hall, a native of. Califor-
nia, aged 41 years: ' ' V- /
HALVERSEN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 1, 1901. Halver Halversen. a native
of Norway, aged 39 years.
HUBLON— In this city. May 1, 1901. Peter N.
Hublon, better known as Peter Hall, a na-
. tive-of California. - , - - . • i ' - -•¦
CT Remains at Metzler'a parlors, 636 Wash-
ington street. . '
JOYNER— In this city. May 1, 1901, Peter, be-
¦ loved - son , of Peter T. and Sarah J. Joyner,
. and brother of: Patrick, John, Katie, Willie,
1 Bernard, Maggie, James and Julia Joyner,
a native* of Sari" Francisco, aged 4 years 3
months and 23 days. . ... " '. . . " ". ' :
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 239 Henry street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, off Castro. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- ' ¦ , -'"'.,"
KRONENBERG- In this city, April 29," 1901,
Borbura. Kronenberg, beloved wife of Fred-
erick Kronenbers, beloved - mother of Au-
gusta, Frederick, Herman and Mollie Kron-
enberg and Mrs. L. A. Huf schmidt. and sis-
ter of Markus, Peter and Michael Schwab, a
native of Baden. Germany, aged 54 years 1
month and 12 days. ¦ ¦ . ¦ x )
|C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend a requiem high mass,
which ¦ will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul this day (Thursday), commencing
at 10. o'clock, at St Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and
Leavenworth streets. Interment private.
MacCABE— At the residence of his parents, 932
Church street, April 30 1901, Richard J., be-
loved son of R. S. and Catherine MacCabe,
and brother of Robert and Kate MacCabe. a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 9
¦ months. - • ¦ •
(C?"Fr!ends and acquaintances I are respect-
fully Invited to, attend the funeral thls-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Jamea
Church,' corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •
McFARLAND— In Los Angeles, April 80, 1901,
Mrs. Rosanna Early McFarland,. wife of the
- late ; Owen McFarland, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland. -
' E~ A mass of requiem will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul this day (Thurs-
day), commencing at 10:15' o'clock, , at '.St.'
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— In this ¦ city, April 30, ' 1901, ¦ Daniel
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of Brid-
get and the late Daniel McLeod, brother of
Mamie McLeod, and stepbrother pf Mrs. R.
Edwards, Mrs. P. Edwards and the- late John
McKenna, a native of San Francisco, ' aged
21 years 9 1 months and 6 days.
ID?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission, street,
'thence to St. Brendan's . Church, where ¦ a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLS— In Oakland, April 30, 1901,, James, be-
loved husband ' of the - late Catherine Mills,
and- father of Mrs. S.. Corolla,- Mrs. M.
Thornhlll, Thomas Mills and the late Cath-
erine and James Mills, for thirty-five years
pressman i on the Bulletin. Call and Chronl-
cle. a native of the Isle of Man, aged. 55
years. . . ¦.:;¦ ¦• • '¦' ' -~- .-, -. ••? - .
Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend the • funeral this day
: (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
denca of his- brother-in-law, J. R. Andrews,
' 614 Twenty-fourth street, thence i to ... St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn" re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
i of his soul, commencing ' at , 10 o'clock. ,-. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. > ! . .
MOORF/— In Alameda, May 1, 1901, Miss Eliza-
beth Moore, Bister of Mrs. Eper Elleryand
' the late Nathaniel, . Robert and William
Moore, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 72
ETFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her, late resi-
• dence,- 1517 Golden Gate avenue, between
Pierce and Scott streets, San Francisco. In-
terment private.
MYRICK— In Oakland, May 1. 1901,. Mrs. Mary
A Myrick, mother; of Elizabeth B. -Myrlck,
>¦ widow of • the late Captain Frederick W.
Myrick,' and sister of the late Charles W.
and Georee W. Cook, a native of New-
buryport, Mass., aged 86 years and 8 months.
NELSON— In ' this . city. May 1, 1901, Osmond
G Nelson, beloved husband of Emma M.
Nelson, a native of Leith. Scotland, aged 31
years 2 months and 16 days. ,.¦..'.-.-¦
¦ - JCTTrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
May 4, 1901, at' 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 224 Duncan street, under the auspices
of Golden City Lodgf No. 63. K. of P. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ;
RULFFS— In ' this city.' May 1. 1901. Rebecka
Rulffs, wife of P. ' H. Rulffa.) and mother of
Mrs A. H. Harmes and the late Fred and
William !,Winkelman, a ¦ native of Germany,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. '
' (Successor to Flannagan ."_ Gallagher.)
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.. .
. Telephone South 80. >'-
¦j UNITED UNDERTAKERS,^
' 27 and 29 Fifth st' Tel.' South 167. *¦¦
ITOERAL DIBECTOaS AND EMBALKEKl.
- Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
«JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGlnnn Bros . has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St . beC I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.. • "|books and listening: to the pretty stories
the kind ladies told them. The sweet,
pretty" nurses 'of the hospital assisted the
charitable Doctor's Daughters in enter
taining the little ones. They saw; that no
patient "was neglected and that' no one was
overfed.
y The ladles who made the day a pleasant
and happy one for the children were: Mr3.
George B. Somers, Mrs. W. D. Fennl
more^^ Mr3. Frank Bates, Mrs. Eugene
Freeman;' Mrs. Linda Bryan, Miss Susie
McEwen, Mrs. C. W. Slack and Mrs. John
Hunt. Little Misses Eva Brewer and Vera
de Sabla distributed bonbons to the little
ones' and the two little daughters of Judge
Sladk saw that each little patient tecelved
a toy balloon. - - \ , r r .'; rj.
LITTLE ONES OF THE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL ENJOY AN INDOOR PICNIC GIVEN. THEM BY THE KINDLY
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS. PINK ICECREAM.AND TOY BALLOONS BEING AMONG THE DELIGHTFUL .FEA-
" United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday held. George T. McDonnell
to answer befcre the Grand Jury on a
charge of having, counterfeiting tools in
his possession. Bail was fixed at J2300.
The evidence was to the effect that cer
tain dollar dlfs and molds were found in
possession of the prisoner. The impression
made by the dollar dies was so faint as to
be hardly discernible to the naked eye.
Bert Schleslnger appeared for the defend
ant. : ¦ ¦ ¦ . :-¦•-•-'¦ ¦
McDonnell' Held for Trial.
"W. H. Mills,' who for many years has
had charge of the press work in connec
tion with the transportation and adver
tising ! departments of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company, has at his own
request been relieved of that duty. Pas
senger Traffic Manager E. O. McConnick
will In future look after the work. ',-¦"..
Mr. Mills will leave shortly for Buffalo
to I take charge of the Southern. Pacific
Company's- exhibit at the Pan-American
Exposition, and is not expected to return
before next November. In order that he
might be able to give all his time and
attention to the exhibit, he asked that
some one be selected to carry on the press
work. He will, however, continue to serve
as land agent of the Southern Pacific.
¦ President Hays, after looking over his
staff, selected Mr. McCormlck to succeed
Mills in the press bureau. - The new hon
ors conferred on Mr. McCormick came as
a pleasant surprise to the many friends
he "has made during his residence here.
His new work vrlll not come hard to him,
for when he was connected with the Big
Four, with headquarters in Cincinnati, he
successfully managed ' the newspaper de
partment of the roads and .established
friendly relations between the corporation
and the press. .
.Will in Future Attend
. to Press "Work of
Railroad.
FURTHER HONOR
FOR M'CORMICK
A Eook on San Francisco.
The Santa Fe has Just Issued .a .beautiful
booklet descriptive t of San Francisco andvlcin
. ity,"' lavishly illustrated, with 'artistic half-tones
and a number, of up-to-date maps. .'
Copies , may *be - had by sending' 10 ' cents In
( stamps .to the- General -Agent, Santa Fe, at
641' Market : 3treet, v San : Francisco.
Must Make Deficiency Good.
City: Attorney Lane advised the ¦ Board
of. Supervisors yesterday that the de
ficiency of this fiscal year in. the police re
lief and pension fund must be made good'
in the next, tax levy. About' $S000 must
be raised • for ;the purpose, and the tax
rate therefor will 'be included in the
budget and- levied as other* items are
levied. 1
Cannot Recover the Sum
'Lost by Gil- Hall's
' Alleged Crime:- ;
_ ¦¦ - ¦ •-. ",.,;. . , ¦ .'v'V
Gil P. Hall,' the ex-Recorder of Sonoma
County,- who was prosecuted for defalca
tion while in office'and escaped conviction,'
will not be compelled to pay backlto the
county the amount he Is alleged to have
appropriated. The Supreme Court yester
day handed down a decision in the case
of the ffounty of Sonoma against Hall and
his bondsmen, In which it Is declared that
the statute of limitations had operated
against the plaintiff. .•'/,- : -
: Hall, . who was -"Recorder for several
terms, was ¦ tried a number of ¦ times for
alleged, embezzlement, ,but, escaped>'con
viction. . The county -then, filed several
civil actions against, him on his official
bonds,, contending that the liability/ was
on the bond, and that the statute of limi
tations, that would apply was. the statute
placing -the . limitation at four years on
written obligations. The defendant and his
bondsmen contended, ;on the'Other hand,
that the statute of limitations that ap
plied was.' the limitation of three years,
and that it .commenced to run immediate
ly upon the misappropriation of funds by
an officer. 'The Superior Court gave judg
ment against " Hall and his bondsmen.
Hall appealed' the case' to tho Supreme
Court and, the judgment of the lower court
was reversed. - ¦ Deputy Attorney- General
Sturtivant and J. R. Leppo of Santa: Rosa
secured a rehearing upon the ground that
the early declsionsin California supported
the views contended for by the county of
Sonoma.- The court yesterday, in its de
cision said:
"We "find nothing In* the cases cited to
warrant a change in our views." v -
This decision will. be a surprise to some
of the counties where the. supposition gen
erally prevails that an action for a de
falcation may be commenced against an
officer on : his official bond . at any . time
within four years after the "term of < the
officer expires. • :• .-.a.
SONOMA COUNTY
LOSES ITS SUIT
death was the result. of a criminal opera
tion, which had been performed within
a week prior to Miss Bouillaguet's death.
McGLADD CASE SET FOR TRIAL..— The
case of Peter. McGladfi, rx-DOokkeeper. in the
Superintendent of Street's department charged
with forgosy, was called in Judge Cook's court
yesterday, and the trial was/set for May 20. .
Coroner's Jury Charges
Dr. Bunker With a
.Girl's Dea^h.
PLACES BLAME
UPON PHYSICIAN
The Coroner's jury that yesterday heard
the testimony as to the cause of Jane
Bouillaguet's death returned a verdict
that she came to itcr death on April 25
from blood'poisoning, following an opera
tion performed by Dr. R. E. Bunker, and
charged Dr. Bunker with murder.
The physician surrendered himself im
mediately after the verdict was rendered
and was released on giving bonds In the
sum of $10,000, with Dr. Perrault and
Charles L. Patton ao sureties.
Miss Adele Cerles was the most dam-
Eglnjr witness against the accused doctor.
She was the friend and confidant of Miss
Bduillaguet and accompanied her to Dr.
Bunker's office on April 8. The witness
stated that the doctor agreed to per
form an operation for. $15. - He suggested
the Bellevue Sanitarium at 1603 Jackson
street and the witness went thither with
her friend and paid the $15 to Miss Emma
Siddall, the head nurse. Miss Bouillaguet
told the witness a day or two later that
she had been operated upon by Dr. Bun
ker. She had told the witness also that
H. J. Ford, a conductor on the.Jackson
street line, had tried- to dissuade her from
having the operation performed and had
offered to marry, her and take' her away
from this city, but that she had refused.'
H. J. Ford, the conductor mentioned,
testified that he had kept company with
Miss Bouillag'et for about a year. ' She
told him what, her purpose was andhe
said that if she carried it out he would
not have anything more to do with her.
They had been engaged' to be married. .
Miss Emma Siddall swore that; she had
been employed by Dr. Bunker for the last
five years and , that •she had * been pro
pjietor of the Beilevue' Sanitarium for
two years. • She. afterwards qualified her
statement by saying that at present she
was not an employe of the doctor. ."- Sha
denied that a criminal operation had been
performed upon Miss Bouillaguet.
A: " W. Martin, undertaker, admitted
very "calmly that lie had disobeyed the
orders of the Coroner by*embalming the
body without pert-mission. He 'had- done
bo because he did not , think t that there
were any suspicious circumstances con
nected with the case.
Dr. Bunker testified that he had treated
the, woman for an' abscess and that
she told him that she had been to a
woman who had treated her with elec
tricity. He was aware of the condition
of his patient. The witness . testified
further that wheii : Undertaker Martin
saw the death certificate .he. asked the
doctor to give something else than sep
ticaemia, as the cause so that it would
not be necessary to > see the Coroner
about it. • •' . .
¦ Dr. Lulgi Domenlco Baclgalupl, autopsy
surgeon v for the Coroner, testified ¦ that
¦- ¦'¦- ¦ ¦ ¦•
CHIEF WANTS A STATION
FOR SOUTHERN DISTRICT
Board of Health States Its Needs to
the Supervisors' Finance
Committee.
Chief, of Police Sullivan appeared before
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to urge that an ap
propriation of $824,672 be made for the ad
ministration of the Police Department for
the next fiscal year. Chief Sullivan asked
that ?25.<W0 be .=et asiae to build a station
for the southern police district on Fourth
and Clara streets.
The Chief said he would waive the ap
pointment of fifteen additional policemen,
ag recommended by the Auditor, if the
station were built.
.Chief Hewitt of the department of elec
tricity advocated an appropriation- for a
central station for the fire alarm and po
lice telegraph system and for the placing
of the city's wires under ground.
r The Board of Health also stated its
needs to the committee and asked for an
increase over the Auditor's recommenda
tion. :.-.".:
"A number of delegates left this city last
night to attend the thirteenth annual
meeting of the San Francisco District As
sociation of the Woman's Home Mission
ary Society of the California Conference,
•which is to be held at the Methodist Epis
copal Church, S Jita Clara, to-day and
Friday. The association is composed of
members of the several Methodist Epis
copal churches in Pacific Grove. San Jose,
Santa Clara, Mayfielu, Evergreen and this
city end it is expected that over one hun
dred delegates will attend the session.
The meeting will be called to order by
the president of the association, Mrs. Jen
nie C Winston of Pacific Grove. Mrs.
C. B. Perkins of San Francisco will be
recording secretary &nd Mrs. Jennie F.
Evans of San Francisco will act as cor
responding: secretary. The other officer s
of the association are Mrs. L. P. Williams
of San Francisco, vice president; Mrs. C.
M. Ayers of San Jose, treasurer. The sec
retaries of the various bureaus are:
Publications— Mrs. William Abbott. San
Francisco; mite bores— Mrs. H. E. Milnes.
Santa Clara: systematic giving— Miss Mary E.
Robertson. Mayfield; juvenile work— Mrs. L.
Dev-ndorf. San Jose; literature— Mrs. William
Discho. San Francisco; supplies— Mrs. I. R.
Dennett, CvergTeen; Oriental work— Mrs. L.
P. Williams. San Francisco; dszconess work —
Mrs. M. E. Austin. San Jose; Indian work-
Mrs. J. A. E. Wilson. San Francisco.
The delegates «from this city are Mr<*.
Bishop Hamilton, Mrs. I. J. Truman, Mrs.
William Abbott, Mrs. Dr. Soper, Mrs..
California Sociely Convenes Tc-Day in the. Pretty Little
Town to Pian for th? Benefit of the Needy.
John Stephens, Mrs. L. A. Peters, Mrs.
C. B. Perkins, Mrs. J. Humphries, Mrs.
E. W. Strange. Mrs. Robert McClellan,
Mrs. Rolla V. Watt, Mrs.J. A. B. Wilson
and Mrs. A. C. Bane.
The programme »jf this morning's ses
sion includes an organ prelude by Mrs.
L. A. Offleld. devotionals by Deaconess
Mclsaacs, words of welcome by Mrs. H.
E. Milnes, reading of reports by various*
officers, report of auxiliaries and an ad
dress by Rev. H. E. Milnes. This after
noon papers will be read by Mrs. H. . B.
Heacock. Mrs. C. M. Ayers, Mrs. William
Abbott, Mrs. William O. Dische, Mrs. Ida
Dennett, Mrs. Lakln, Professor Frickey,
Mrs. H. A. McClellan and an address by
Rev. W. P. Grant. Jn the evening Miss
Marguerite E. Lake will tell of the "Ori
ental Rescue Home and School." Miss L.
Blois, an outgoing: missionary to Hono
lulu, will read a paper as also will Mrs.
Jennie C. Winston. Papers will be read
to-morr«w morning by Mrs. H. E. Milnes,
Mary E. Robertson, Mrs. J. A. B. Wilson,
Mrs. M. E. Austin and Mrs. Ross Taylor.
In the afternoon Rev. H. B. Heacock will
deliver an address and papers will be read
by Mrs. E. P. Dennett, Mrs. Mary E.
Masters and Mrs. Liilie E. Devendorf.
Next Thursday evening a reception will
be tendered to Mrs. Laura J. Sims, presi
dent of the deaconess bureau, and Mrs.
L. P. Williams, president of the Oriental
bureau at the residence of Mrs. Charles
Goodall. corner of Pierce and McAllister
streets. Mrs. Sims is about to return
from the East, where she has been for
the past eight months.
Appalling Disaster Is Reported to
THIRTY-FIVE MEN DIE
AT COTTON PRESS FIRE
Have Occurred at a Town
Near Bombay.
BOMBAY, May 1.— Thirty-five out of
forty-two persons who were working at
a cotton press at Amreeli, on the Katty
war peninsula, have been burned to death.
The remainder were fatally burned.
A' similar fire has occurred at Kham
gaon, province of Berar, resulting in the
death of eleven persons.
The President's Good Judgment.
President McKinley and party, after vlsltingr
California, will go to the Pan-American Expo
sition at Buffalo, and though you cannot travel
on the Presidential train the comfortable trains
of the Xickel Plate Road enable you to follow
his example, with the assurance of an enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dining Cars serve Club
Meals from 35 . cents to $1 * each. Book free
showing views of Exposition buildings. Jay
W. Adams, P. Cv P. .A.. 37 Crocker building,
San Francisco, Cal.
MANY WOMEN ASSEMBLE AT SANTA
CLARA TO AID MISSIONARY WORK
THE SATST FB AKCISCQ CAL.L, THURSDAY, MAY 2, ri901.
Doctor's Daughters Give Little Ones a Feast of Cakes, Candy and
Pink Ice Cream and to Each a Toy Balloon— -Indoor Picnic
With Songs and. Interesting Games, in the Bright Sun Room
TINY TOTS AT CH I LDREN'S HOSPITAL
GAYLY CELEBRATE HAPPY MAYDAY
THE sick children In the' Little Jim
ward of the Children's Hospital
enjoyed Mayday yesterday . with
the aid of the Doctor's Daugh
ters, who provided them with a
feast and "personally saw that they, had a
good time. ) I
The ladies went to the hospital shortly
after 3 o'clock and after playing a series
of frames ,wlth the children Invited them
to the . "party." Ice . cream— pink ice
cream— by special request of little Carl
Schoppe, of the eye and ear ward, and
cake and candy were ¦ heartily enjoyed by
the little ones. After the party each lit
tle patient was presented with a bright,
gayly painted toy balloon. -
I In' the "sun room" the little ones had
an indoor picnic, played games,
watched the antics of the mechanical
toys and had a lollv time with picture
12
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
THE MOST GOOD GOODS
FOR THE LEAST MONET.
SARDI5ES, FrencrjjTtins .25c
Small fish In olive oil.
Resulaxly 10c a tin. • ] . - V
OLIYES, California, quart. . . . . . .20c
Light ripe— very delldcnu.
Regularly 25c.
FAUST CRACKERS, .pig....:. . ..'. . .15c
¦ The best oyster crackers en earth.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint tot.,. ... .15c
. Ideal brand— best and purest.
' Regularly 20c.
BALDWIN BRAKDY, bot. . 1 76c
Pure grape brandy. Gallon. $3.5O
Vintage 18S2.
Regularly $1-25 and Jo.CO.
MINCEMEAT, quart jar 40c
Guaranteed Home Made.
Resularly 60c
COFFEE, Java and Hocba, 2 lbs. . .65c
This delicious coffee will
please the most fastidious.
Regularly 40c a lb.
COMB HONEY, eadb .45c
The purest and whitest.
Regularly 20c. '
CHEESE, ID 121c
Fancy California full cream.
Resularly 15c.
COUNTRY OBSESS SOLICITED— CATALOGUE TB.ZZ
89 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TELEPHONE NEVER "BUSY."
: .V, - MAIN SS22.
Cash-or-Littlc-at-a-Timc. V
COUCHES
• of every description and in
• , the newest shapes. Easy
Chairs to match in up-to-
date styles— all made of the -j '„
new material, Pantasote. dia-. '
mond tufting and uphol- il
stered in all hair. Hand-
somer than leather and at all
prices far below what you '
pay elsewhere, for we pay
no rent and save you that
much on . each purchase^ —
I . somebody-has to pay the high
rent — don't you pay it. All
kinds of house furnishing . ,
goods at rock-bottom prices. /
THE J. N0GN4N FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated),
J 0 1 7- 1 023 M Isslon Street.
Above Sixth. -¦ -, - San Francisco.
We clo35 at S p.m. eTsry day but Satsrday.
DR.MCNULTY:
n"»HI3 Wjk;LJ>K^OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 SpeciallstcwMBlood Poison, Oonorrboea.Oleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied nisorticrs. Hook on Dis^ase^ of Mom, free.
OverCO yea r»>xp*r*eiice.T*»Tm^ reasonable. Hours.
3to3(;aI!y;6:30to3.30eT > ss.RundrtT».10tol2.C*>n.Tul-
tatlonfreeandsacretily confidential. Call Ox' address
P. ROSCOE BleXCI/TY, 31. D.
2GJ j licarny St.. San Francisco. Csi-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
D ami an a Bitters
j S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
» ¦ tor and Nervine. ¦..; %
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fcr the Sexual Organs, for .both sexes.
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market it, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
An Unusual Offer.
"Twentieth Century" they are called, and rightly so. They beat any-
thing in size and quality we've yet seen for 5c. If you are used to buying:
tiblets you would guess them to be 10c. A heavy, cream paper, ruled, note
and packet size— 80 sheets J5C 9J.-P-'
Handsome Venetian Cloth $1.50 yard.
A very stylish and favorite fabric for tailored costumes. We are show-
ing it in a full range of shades— j?2 inches wide. One of our bis: windows is
given up to a display of it to-day.
, . ' ~" '• » •
Ladies' Top Collars 7c each.
125 dozen in this lot— are made of fine lawn and finished with own work
embroidery edging— 7 different patterns. In another lot are 60 dozen lawn
top collars with fancy drawn work, and edged
with fine yalenciennes lace and honiton braid j^— .—- — >^^
effect— choice 185 dozen for to-day' at 7c each. 'f^ffT. ' ' ~~*" "--*~£\
White Net Revere Collars 25c— Trimmed with MteS&«^^«£ij5K«
white wash braid— also l'7Z^'^^JM $£r \
ladies' Twice- Around. Ties— With tucked stock.// Y^-^XmSeB*-* 1
and hemstitched top collar made of fine lawn. * * \
Market Streets neai* Sixth, opposite Golden Gate Avenne.
A Great Opportunity for you to
buy an,outflt for your -little
. ' girl/worth $4.50,' &n C J>
for...... .....
Consisting of 1 Child's' Pique
CAPE, lined with fleeced
: white flannel and trimmed
with. 3 ruffles of wide em-
broidery, good value'-Q j or
. at $2. On sale. .. JliZO
I Child's Pique. Silk or Lawn,
BONNET, trimmed with em-
broidery, worth 75c. yip n
¦ On sale . . . . . ;;. .... tOI*
1. Child's, White India Linen
Hemstitched DRESS, Bre-
telles neck ¦ and sleeves,
trimmed with , embroidery or
lace, considered cheap ar-
at;75c. ; On sale..... t-Ou
1 Child's White SKIRT, neatly
tucked to match dness*, trim :
med with lace or embroidery,
; elegant .value at 50c. qp
On sale^....... Jub
This, entire outfit can be bought for
$2.50, or each garment can be bought
separately at the special price.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.^
. Bet.' Taylor and Jonw.
. 1 ¦.^¦;^^¦ I^H^X^X¦H^j^4^4^4^4^4^H^44^^H^I"
This is to be z great reduction sale $
flk**'-'sr or days — Tliurgday, Friday and V.
V]*L^ Saturday— and several hundred beau-,O!
*^^%^fc,- tiful, new, stylishly trimmed spring !|*
creations will comprise the assort- IC
jSp^ nient to select- from. They are $6.00, j.
x '** $7-5°» $800 and $9.00 values taken $
from our regular stock and reduced to this popular uniform !£
price — $5.00. This affords an item of saving of consider-
-able importance to those who have not as yet purchased ?
their new spring hat — with no sacrifice of quality or,, cor- X
rectness of style. ;/ 4*
AT $1.00 SPECIAL — You will also have a choice from regu- £
lar $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50 values, in popular spring t
st) r !es, in outing and street hats. 5
Millfnery Supplies in Basement. |
Provided vou possess the tact of being: your own milliner and would trim , *;•
for yourself a prelty outins: or Inexpensive street hat. the materials required. '•§•
<roses. foliage, netting for drapes, etc.) may be purchased In our basement *i*
salesroom at a saving of fullv a half of what you'd pay elsewhere. v •$•
— . I
25c PEB YABI>-Fancy mesh 30c PEB YARD- Chiffon and •!•
nettings and straw braids for drapes mouselline de sole for hat trimming; •*•
and trimming: assorted colors. , the regular 50c quality; in black and -I*
white. ;• . £
blSfM. P S.hid U wS" thS ¦ li Ul a 25c TWO BTJNCHES-Six pretty |
bunch; pink. red. maize, yellow and gSSSSBS fi£?el SeJ ?g?,' 1 1
__ titij •DTT-M-rTTr Mor.^« n «,» r n 25c PEB BITNCH— Pretty, small 4. |
25c PEB BXJNCH-Handsome fo- flowers in white and desirable coior- A !
liage-several sorcS-violet, rose and lngs for trimming children's xiats. 4-
frosted. A.
50c SPECTAIi— Children's Mexi-
50c SPZCIAX — Ladies' straw sail- can sombreros.. "4"
cr hats. •£•
25c PER YABD-Heavv pure silk •!•
25c EACH— Fancy straw dress ribbons, 5 inches wide; desirable 4 1
shapes and shert back sailors. colors. • jt.
-r.<v- (•";,¦¦•.•>'¦••' '^_-m _ T
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue. 4.
* ¦ *i*
©
AJ3VEKTISZMENTS.
— Hale's.
tt//f jfljir //*£*#(! li\ To all persons troubled wlta blotches, blackheads,
f/MrJf l^\&'!?'\' / / tFr.'T f JA * pimples, eczema, etc.. . In tha halrdreastns and raanl-
/yyri^^B*' ,.*• t.V (* fJ\f* cutingr parlors. It Is a. preparation carefully put up
t^£>Jj0Pjj>-*'',.< <£ >'/ (3 IL\ and used by our expert.
Lace Curtains
r^^Mj#^ Brighten up your home
\\wJ$E(!s for visitors McKinle*y week.
¦^ V%'iH*^ f e dra P cr y * torc M T1$m S nobly to the occasion.
W^\jSs»' Choosing now 13 at its best. Variety is broad — patterns
V (yJjSwfil ; ¦ are the very newest. '. Prices are as fair as large buying can
»n!v2£ili? COc AND 75c A PAIR— Plain whits swiss curtains 2 yard* Ion*. 36
') ¦J«e^nr3ii Inches wide— €0 pairs— while they last 50o and 75c.
i*W3}|)«Fi -, 83c A PA*IR^Xottlnghams 3 yards lonff, *) Inches wide— 3 patterns—
j] 1 V%' a eood- wearing-, lacy curtain— ecru and white.
fiSK- *^ W-'fc $1.35 A PAIR— Nottlngbams 3% yards Ions'. 51 Inches wld»— woven
»/i.^ J with a , good, strong thread— the kind that wear well— 9 pattern*—
aj^/^^ijnv*- • ' some very pretty designs among them— 4C0 pairs.
Wi. UP PWr- \j " $1.75 A PAIR— Nottln?hams 3^4 yards long and 50 to 60 Inches wide—
Vpf&IL^fl&J^? • 10 patterns — pretty and dainty for private homes — other good strong
/W£jfSgjJ3j&$v£^r kinds for hotel and lodging-house purposes. •
» Tablets se. m
M Both.; vividly demonstrated in our \|l
shoes. Art is in the appearance \
; — the sm artness of style. Quality is in \
' tIlC materia1 ' and no better shoes can V
X^a. '. be bought/ no matter where you go. \
. , P|||k- - For a long time the people of Califor- 1
¦ 41 i'll^^ " ia haVC appredated this f^ct— the im- J
'.'''' if ! J ''*^a ' density of our business attesting to I
J||| J». assert ion. Pe9ple out of town / .
. P g, : - should send to us for their /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦
Easxto Carry
MM0HS8E FOLDING I
""'.¦..CAMEEiA.
.Regular, price $5.00; eo sn;
our price ti?^««^vr
--"Other styles $4.OO and 97.5O
(respectively). • Obtainable only I
l from us. '
I; Iii our Photo Supplies. Optical,
Cutlery or Barber Supplies de-
partments our prices are decidedly j
lower -than elsewhere in San
Francisco. : . ; .'-*'-^.> ! *
SHIRPSER'S PATENT CLIP
! Insures perfect eyecrlass comfort. *
' Gold, $1.OO; ' plated. 73c;
nickel, noc. |
. Order by mail if you can't call. ¦*
$' s^3iW<!LsS / PLATES $4.00 I
FILLINGS. 25 j
\ ~^w§. w?-* crowns • 3 - s) I
TEN YEARS' I
1 /Hi v \|J^\: GUARANTE ? I
I "YANVR00M" I
: j PAINLESS DEN! ISTRY. \
I 1031 ,MiRKST;ST.; Gor. 6tb. j
Sale's.