san fraistcisco; Tuesday, may 21^ 1901.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
VOLUME LXXXIX—XO. 172.
•¦¦¦¦¦•" . ¦ . . -
Chief Executive Entertains the Patient With an
Account of His Enthusiastic Reception by
the People of This City.
PRESIDENT'S WIFE
IS MPROVING AND
GAINS IN STRENGTH
PresidentO'Connell of the National Association Receives
Reports That Approximately Fifty Thousand
Hen Have Quit Work.
MACHINISTS' STRIKE
IS INAUGURATED IN
VARIOUS LOCALITIES
THE * President's wife, is on the
read to recovery and the intense
. alarm as to her. condition has
subsided. In the past forty-eight
hours Mrs. McKinley has gained
steadily .In' strength and present indica
tions are that It is only a matter of days
when the chief executive may start for
the East .with his wife, although It is,
of course, impossible to set any day for
his departure, as everything depends on
his wife's health. During- the time that
the President remains in this- city he will
endeavor : to, attend a few public func
tions, his- movements being subject to the
condition of .Mrs. , McKinley. ¦
This morning the President probably
will review the . school children of \ the
. ¦ . t '¦ . • ¦•.•-.•-:<.; . • , ¦ ¦
SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN THE VICINITY OF THE SCOTT RESI
DENCE, : CLAY : AND LAGUNA SREETS, WHERE MRS. McKINLET IS
RECOVERING FROM HER, VERY. SERIOUS ILLNESS. ¦'¦\ t JT:
Continued on Second; PagviN
: According to jj arrangements; made yes
terday. by ! Mayor : Phelan '•.. and Henry' J.
Crocker, a committee will call for the
President this morning and escort : him
to Van ;Ness. avenue, , w : here the : school
children will be drawn up In-line. . The
children. "will be assembled' at their re
spective schools . at . 9 a. ni. and by 10 a.
m. r will be "in their designated positions on
the "avenue. v . . ; : .
: -The President will leave the Scott resi
dence at 9:30 a, nv. and drive to Van Ness
avenue, and Jackson street^; . ' -¦
Henry 'J.' Crockerj said ; . yesterday ; that
the -; President would drive along 'Van'
Ness'avenue from Jackson street^ to Mar-j.
ket ! and [ back again, '¦ in,- order to ' give ; the
school,' children 'every opportunity to ;> see
him: ..The i President : was " disappointed , at*
not •being"' able" '.to review the children last
week- and 1 yesterday : he said ¦ that . he was
most ; desirous ; of. keeping that, portion of
his .'engagements ,*, e.ven.'if ,;he'->as "unable
to'attend any other, public function. • .'
', ;' j-No Other. Engagements) Made. %
"Secretary; Cortelyou said : last ; night -that
nothing 'definite could be said ¦; as Ho \ the
President ; making any engagements for
the (.future. :"¦' »\,.' ¦/'¦*^,":' : -'v:''~~:' • ; '
; State Senator Ii? Tm\ Luchsinger called on
Secretary ,' Cortelyou' yesterday ? and ** re-'
city on Van Ness avenue at 10 o'clock..
The Weather Bureau • promises .clear
and warm .weather, despite the rainstorm
of yesterday, and If the morning is prom
ising, and there is no change for: the
worse in Mrs. McKinley's condition, the
thousands of school" children 1 wifl be re
warded' by being inspected by , the ' head
of the nation.
Last evening, before the schools were
dismissed, the following order was read
by the teachers to the pupils In all the
city schools:
President McKinley: will review
the^ pupils of the pubiic " schools at
10; o'clock Tuesday morning on Van
Ness Avenue. V . \ . />
» . ,' The schools will occupy ¦ positions
indicated* in the plan contained in
circular No. 8. \
After the • review dismiss the
pupUs.' : . -
MARY W. KINCAID,
C. W. MARK,
JOHN ?B/ .CASSERLY, ....
;.; JAMES BENMAN,
Board of Education. '
to make an amicable adjustment of the
situation, but.no results were reached. /-
Some Grant Demands:
It was reported during the evening~that
a number of shops had already granted
the demands of the'workingmen. -So far,
according to Secretary Wisler, there are
thirteen out of the 200 and odd places af
fected that are now unionized. These'
shops are. mainly what are called "small
ones." The granting of the demands made
upon them simply signifies that the pro
prietors wish to avert any loss.
Secretary Wlsler, who apparently has
sole charge of the machinists' strike, said
last night that he could give no estimate
of the number of men that were out.
About 1250 men employed as machinists
are bo far involved, but the number -of
men affiliated with the iron trades Is con*
jectural. The trades, concerned include
the machinists, iron molders, blacksmiths,
boiler makers, iron shipbuilders, patterp
makers, metal polishers, core makers,
steam fitters, machine jdrillers and ma
chine blacksmiths. In addition to these
are apprentices and helpers who cannot
go to work while the other iron working
departments are idle. \
Speaking of the situation last night
Secretary Wlsler ' said: "The men em
ployed in the'ir.on trades, with limited ex
ceptions, have walked out and will stay
out until their grievances are adjusted.
Committees representing each branch of
the trades met the employers in the
morning and a general refusal was made
to their demands."
At no place In the city was thero the
least disturbance. Through the courtesy
of Alex Greggains, headquarters have
been established at Sixth and Clara
streets, where they will meet day and
night. The main office will stlllbe main
tained at 025 Market street.
Employers Are Reticent.
The employers are all reticent regard
ing the situation of the various shops and
beyond the fact that . the wheels have
stopped and' everything Is at a standstill
they claim" to know little about the
strike. Nevertheless there have been
meetings of the iron men and there- is a
definite plan of campaign among them,
although no one will tell what that plan
is or will even admit that there is any.
In the Fulton Iron Works ." there are
nearly 1000 men out; in the Rlsdon
are 1100; in the Vulcan there are forty; in
the Hercules Engine Company there are
seventy-five; in the Electrical Supply
Company there are seventy-five, and soon
down the list of shops, all report from
ten to thousands of men all out and pre
paring for the struggle.
From the calmness of the employers It
Is evident they have been preparing for
the crisis. The men all came to work
yesterday morning as usual and just be
fore 9 o'clock committees waited upon the
head men. of each firm and asked whether
or not the demands of the union were to
be complied with. The answer In each
case was that they were not. and at- c-nce
the strike was on. The employers de
clare that they are willing to treat with
the men Individually but: they will not
recognize ¦ the : unions. : That they - will
treat with the men individually, however,
does'not mean that they will accede to
demands similar to those - made by the
unions If the men individually prefer
them. • .,-• .
Eeport on the Street.
It was reported on the street yesterday,
afternoon tiiat the men of the Union Iron'
Works'had submitted a proposition to the
Scotts whlch. : was 'iin effect -that they
would recede on alf demands' If they were
allowed the nine-hour day without* reduc-
Under Instructions Mechanics Go to
Their Homes.
Estimates, vary as to the number 6f
men who went out on strike yesterday
morning. On the part of those who have,
authority to speak for the corporations,
the figure is fixed at about 3500. On the
other, side it is claimed that double that
number have struck. The branches of the
Iron trade Included in this general strike
are the International Brotherhood of
Boiler Makers and Iron Ship Builders, In
ternational Brotherhood of Blacksmiths,
International Association of Machinists,
iorn molders, core makers, pattern mak
ers, metal polishers, buffers, platers and
brass workers.
These comprise what is popularly known
as the Iron Trades Council. Acting under
the instructions of their representatives,
from every machine shop In the city the
men packed their tools early yesterday
and quietly went to their homes.
Out at the Union Iron Works, around
which eeems to center the brunt of the
disturbance, John Fitzpa trick, a gray
bearded mechanic who has seen many
years of service in the employ of that
company, after a conference lasting near-
Jy three-quarters of an hour with his em
ployers, went back to the shops and hold
ing up his hands exclaimed: , "Boys, it's
all off."
A Quiet Strike. ¦
On Saturday Fitzpatrick presented Presi
dent McKinley with a gold plate on behalf
of the men employed in the j Union Iron
Works. He appeared yesterday in. a dif
ferent role. As spokesman 'for the men
he represented, he had a different tale to
tell.
Every man dropped his tools and walked
away to his home. No strike in this city
was ever inaugurated more -quietly. Fif
teen minutes after the strike was lnau :
gurated. there were but few men on the
street adjacent to the iron working estab
lishments. Determined but orderly, they
went to their homes.- later to meet at.-the
Turk-street Temple, where they spent' the
day discussing the various phases of the
\;' In pursuance of the plan adopted by j
STHIKE IN SAN FRANCISCO. '
,N. Y., 390; Norfolk. Va., all shops out, 500.
Word from other large cities is late Jn
reaching here. Telegraphic reports to
O'Connell show the following as the num
ber of firms which signed the agreements
to-day:
Keneshaw, Wis., all; Milwaukee, 5; Wil
mington, Del., 2; Toledo, 1; Auburn, N\ Y.,
all; Anaconda, Mont., "all; Denver, all; St.
Louis, all; New Orleans, all; Danbury,
Conn., all; Plttsburg, Pa., "90 per cent;
Franklin, Pa., all; Youngstown, Ohio, all;
Cleveland, 15; Rochester, N. Y., 90 per
cent: Buffalo, 50 per cent: Niagara Falls,
all; Tonawanda, N. Y., all; Trenton, N. J.,
75 per cent; Philadelphia, 25; Baltimore,
11; New Haven, Conn., 8.
These firms having conceded the de
mands, their men are at work as usual.
O'Connell said to-night that up to 5
o'clock reports show that 904 firms, em
ploying approximately 30,000 men, had
signed agreements for the nine-hour day
or' made satisfactory arrangements with
the local organizations.
The strike order, however, does not ap
ply to the railroads generally. It is ex
plained at headquarters that there is no
competition between the railroads and pri
vate work, and that work* among private
establishments is to be adjusted first.
The situation this afternoon was sum
marized by President O'Connell in the fol
lowing statement:
"We are demanding a nine-hour day
universally throughout the trade, with an
Increase of wages sufficient to overcome
the loss of the hour In time; regulation
of the apprenticeship system and the num
ber that shall be emploj-ed, in accordance
¦with the number of journeymen machin
ists employed; agreements as to arbitra
tion of all disputes that may arise in the
future; the right of the machinists to be
represented by a committee, arid agree
ments that there shall be absolutely no
discrimination against machinists because
of their membership in the union.
"From the present indications and the
statements issued from headquarters at
the various points, the orders axe being
generally obeyed and in larger numbers
than was anticipated. In certain cases,
where only a few hundred were expected
to be ln\'olved, the Indications are that
the number will be increased 50 per cent.
The number of firms signing indicates
that In the localities where the agree
ments are bdns made the strike will not
last over a few days.
"In other localities, where a larger num
ber of rren are being involved, I look for
ward to an adjustment being reached
within the present week."
Where Men Heve Quit. ;£*i
Following is a statement of the number
of men out at important points:
Hartford. Conn., 1000;. Ansonia and Der
by. Corn., 500; Hamilton, Ohio, 1000; Buf
falo. 1200; Scranton. 200; Cincinnati, com
pletely tied up and 3000 men out: Gonnors
vllle, Ind.. 200; Palestine, Tex.. 200;; York,
Pa., £00; East Oraiigc, N. J.. 300; fosweso.
What the Machinists Want
WASHINGTON. May 20.—Ap
proximately 50.000 machinists
throughout the country struck
to-day for a nine-hour day. a
ecale of -wages equal to the present ten
hcur per day scale and other demands.
This is a rough estimate of President
O'Connell of the National Association of
M&chlr.Ists. based on telegraphic advices
tnat have reached him to-day from the
machinists* headquarters in various cities.
The strike thus: far has not extended to
the allied trades, cave In one or two in
stances, as at Scranton, Pa,, where men
In a part of the allied trades are out. No
machinists engaged in Government work
are aiTected. This is due to the fact that
en Euch work an eight-hour . day scale
already prevails. Railroad machinists, as
a rule, are not involved in the strike,
though the men on several roads are out.
The Central Vermont shop machinists at
St. Albans. numbering probably 200, havo
struck. The Lehigh Valley Railroad ma
chinists at Buffalo, Sayre, Wilkesbarre
and Elmlra are out, aggregating about 500
all told. The Delaware. Lackawanna and
Western men at Buffalo, Wilkesbarre,
Scranton and intermediate points are out.
The Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe men are
a3so out.
CHIEF "OFFICER OF. THE INTER
NATIONAL, ASSOCIATION OF MA
CHINISTS, WHO IS DIRECTING
THE STRIKE,
From the machine shops the men gath
ered at the Turk-street Temple and for
hours discussed the situation. No quieter
nor more orderly crowd of men could be
found. What grievances they have they
freely discussed. A conference committee
was sent from each trade in an endeavor
At the. Union Iron Works about 3100 men
struck out of a force of nearly 4000. The
Iron molders, core iri.ikcrs and others re
mained. . The molders are in sympathy
with the strike, but owing to' previous
complications cannot draw in their affil
iated bodies. Owing to the disastrous re
sults of the strike a few years ago, the
international governing body has forced
them to refer all these matters to their
organization before taking action.
the Iron Trades Council on Thursday
night, delegations from each branch of
trade affected had a conference with their
employers.
SHANGHAI, May ;20.— The^ power of "the
eunuchs at: trie court at ' Singanf u ' 2s be-
. coming increasingly offensive. 'Members
of the Grand Council are afraid of offend*-,
ing them even in small' matters, j Yung
Lu, generalisssimo of the .Chinese north
ern army,. is active Iivhls attempts to' re
strain, their influence and promote good
feeling between* officials and eunuchs. '•
'.Local ' conditions [along the Tangtsekl
ang are not reassuring. Secret societies are
iverjr active and 'are^threatening peace. At
Nanking the i ..Viceroy is taking strong pre t
cautlonary>measures. . ¦ He ! is offering/ re
wards 1 of '$200' and for -the arrestVof 1
«e"diti6us' persons." ¦'""'. " ¦ .v
POWER OF ;THE EUNUCHS.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The War De
partment has received from China a peti
tion presented to General Chafftee. by a
mass meeting off several thousand ; of
Chinese, who assembled in 'front of the
•provost marshal. In Peking, -March 28
last, and signed by 6600, Chinese residents
of that city, praying the retention of the
American troops. The petition told of the
good work performed by the American
soldiers andof the thousands of homeless
people who had been fed by the American
charity houses. Captain John T. Tillson.
Fourteenth Infantry, the provost mar
shal, in replyingto the petition, said: .
"It Is needless to tell you that the.Unit-.
cd States does not maintain. an army for
the purpose of furnishing the , city of
Peking with good' municipal government,
arid as a business /proposition your appeal
for the United States , to remain
longer in Peklng'has little to stand upon.
"That you. will need our protection {.here
is little doubt and as the broader prin
ciples of humanity most frequently sway
the people of any r country, your petition
is not hopeless and I shall be glad to refer
It to our government. . ;
"Whatever the* result of your petition,'
whether. we stay or go;It may; be'gratify
ing to you to know;that the soldiers -of
the United States, ;who,. by force ' of -cir
cumstances, .came to China as your : en
emies, are now your 'friends and we hope
that this friendship may. endure."
WOULD RETAIN AMERICANS.
ST. PETERSBURG, -May 23.— The new
plan proposed by, England for the pay
ment of the Chinese indemnity has been
received here with $nuch mistrust,,princi
pally as necessitating an entirely new ex
change of notes "and thus involving fresh
delay3, whichx is just exactly what the
Russp-American policy seeks to. avoid. \ \
' A loan guaranteed by the powers would,
according to prevailing opinion here, have
the advantage of guaranteeing the Integ
rity of Chinese territory so long as the
loan lasted. • '
Germany's desire to send a new expedi
tion against the Boxers is looked upon
here as suicidal to the prospects of 'peace.
The Bergevala Viedomosti, which af
fords a trustworthy reflection of public
opinion, comments as follows on the
Kaiser's speech regarding the confidence
of the Czar In Count Waldersee: "We do
not understand and we have no confidence
in- these penal piratical, expeditions, and
only understand peaceful methods. It has
needed much confidence In the triumph' of
common sense and in the 'triumph of. po
litical peace over the policy of adventures
and vagabondages for Russia to. remain
calm and cool during, these long months
of fruitless deliberations and criminal ex
peditions, complicating the situation
which should long ago have been eYided.
"If the' troops are being, withdrawn now
the powers are merely following the first
plan mapped out by Russia.,but In all this
wlysre is Russia's confidence in Count
IWaldersee?': ', - : -- r . .": '¦
SOLUTION LOT? THE PROBLEM.
.CALL. BUREAU. 1409 G ".STREET,-.N.
w. , . wag^i:^^^^ 1^*-^^-?^/^
gretting their inability to adhere to the
Russian' proposal 'for' an international
guarantee of the loan to be made by
China In the payment of the -indemnity
demanded by the powers, officials of the
administration cordially approve the sen'
tlments expressed by high Russian of
ficials quoted in the St. Petersburg dis
patch this morning.
Russia's policy throughout the Chinese
trouble has been practically identical
with that of the United States, and the
divergence on the subject of a loan, while
not affecting similar action on other ques
tions, is naturally not viewed with indif
ference here. A definite proposal that the
powers guarantee the Chinese loan has
not been submitted to this Government,
but it is known that the nations of Eu
rope believe that It would be trfe safest
solution of this feature of the Chinese
problem. '
The Government of the United States Is
not favorably inclined to the British pro
posal — that China issue bonds in favor of
each power to the amount* of Its indem
nity, and if that power chooses it can
guarantee the bonds. The authorities be
lieve that, so far as the United States is
concerned, no difficulty would be expe
rienced in floating bonds for the American
indemnity, ' which will be less than $25,
000,000. among American financiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
England's Proposition for th.6
Payment of Indemnity
Causes Mistrust.
? — .
United States Favors the Scheme
for Issuance of Bonds to Each.
Power. ;
Operations of Germans
in China Opposed
by Russia-
EXPEDITIONS
SUICIDAL TO
PEACE PLANS
Continued on Second- P&£%
' ; Mrs. - McKinley ¦ steadily, improved dur
ing the day and was able to assimilate
R. P.rHurlburt. eminent grand com
mander of the Knights Templar of Cali
fornia,", was received by the President and
conveyed to the chisf executive the sym
pathy of the Masonic order over the 111-,
ness of Mrs."; McKinley.
Edward Carson of the United States
Signal Corps, recently appointed to West
Point for bravery in saving many lives of
soldiers in /the Philippines, also called to
see the President. -
The members of the Cabinet called and
a delegation of pastors and Chinese resi
dents also visited the Scott residence and
presented President McKinley with a
handsome silk banner in token of the re
gard of the Christian Chinese In this city
.for 'the President's actions in protecting
the Christian Celestials In Peking during
the recent troubles.
A number of persons called on the P*res
ldent. during the day and many floral of
ferings, were sent to the house for the
President's wife.
The. rain" pre'vented any crowd gather-
Ing In the park and the vicinity , of the
President's habitation presented Its ordi
nary appearance, save »or the presence of
the police and detective guards and news
paper representatives in front of. the
house.
Rain Keeps Crowd Away.
. The President drove to the home of his
uncle, Benjamin McKinley, and also "Via-,
ited the 'home of other relatives. He was
gone an hour, and his carriage attracted
but little attention. .When the President
returned : a heavy rain had set in. .He
entered the house and remained Indoors
during the entire day../
escort and body guard of patrolmen and
secret service men remained behind.
' . "Mrs., McKInley's physicians # report that
she ; has > had i the , best night since ; her . ill
ness.; and . that her progress is very satis
factory." --!¦¦; .-¦". - :
•The "President was so elated that he de
cided "to go" for a drive and make
calls on some of hisrelatives who live in'
this" city.' -He left the house accompanied
by, Chief of i Police Sullivan and entered a
closed carriage. 'At the special ; request _bf
the" 'chief * executive- the, "mounted 'police
Her Condition Is Favorable.
Although the : President is anxious to
visit the State University at Berkeley and
the seat of learning at Stanford, the same
conditions apply as in the case of the pro
posed ¦ visit to Vallejo and Mare . Island.
If the President- decides , to visit these
points he will not announce his intentions
until the last possible moment. " .;. '.
Mrsi-McKinley spent, a most comfort
able day yesterday, and the President ex
pressed . his gratitude at the favorable
change in his .wife's condition. "When the
physicians called: at 8:30 a. m. they found
that .their patient had enjoyed a good
night's S rest and informed the President
that her progress was most satisfactory.
The doctors remained for an hour. When
they left '.the .house Secretary Cortelyou
announced that the* medical men would
not call again until the evening, and is
sued the following bulletin:
The wishes of the constituents of State
Senator Luchsinger were conveyed to the
President, and the chief executive : asked
Senator Luchsinger to call . again In . the
course of two days as to the matter. The
President yesterday said that he could not
make any engagement that would; take
him from the side of Mrs. Mcklnley tor
any length of time.. /. ,.
quested that the President be informed of
the 'desire of the residents of Vallejo and
the employes of Mare Island Navy Yard
that the chief executive visit those places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SCENES AT THE PAN-AMERICAN
EXPOSITION AND TWO OP THE
PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.
DENVER. May 20.— The State Supreme
Court decided to-day that the city of
Leadvllle owns the mineral rights - under
the land transferred to the city for streets
and alleys. Tho decision. It. is expected,
will give the city possession of some val
uable mines.
Leadville Owns Mineral Rights.
Would you have peacn? L'»e fjearby*! "J1«iu«
Mu/t-Oo." » and M cent*. 40O'8utter street •
"WASHINGTON', May ».— The Suprema
Court of the United States did not an
nounce tho decisions In the Insular cases
to-day. Decision were read In a taw ca*<*i
of minor Importance and court then ad
jcurned until next Monday. The court will
th*n adjourn until October. :' ¦ " *.
Unless the decisions aro announced next
Monday they will have to go over until
autumn. There in no doubt In official cir
cles that the decision, will bo given, out
next week. . j-
iirSTTLAH CASES A^T*'
KM' I IT. U .61 1/tlB. ATVyTfiK.m f'^'i 1
United States Supremo Court Is Ex
pected to Decide Them Kext - /
"Week.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— Funeral "ser
vices over the remains of Mrs. Lyman J.
Gage were held at the Secretary's resi
dence to-day on Massachusetts avenue.
The Rev. Dr. D. D. Hillls of Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn, conducted the services,
which were exceedingly simple. Amonj
those present were Senator and Mrs. Cul
lom, -Attorney General Knox. ex-Postmas
ter General Gary, wife and daughter. Mrs.
Garret A. Hobart and son, the British
Embassador, ' the Geridan Embasaador,
the Chinese" Minister, the Japanese Minis
ter and other members of the diplomatic
corps.- together with a number of officials
of the Treasury Department.
At 10 o'clock the body was placed on
the Pennsylvania limited train for trans
portation to Chicago, where it will be In
terred la Rose Hill Cemetery on "Wednes
day. Secretary Gage, his daughter, Mrs.
Pierce, and Mrs. Gage's sister. Mrs. Hen
dee of Yonkera. N. Y., accompanied th«
remains. The floral offerings were numer
ous and beautiful, among them being a
wreath of pink orchids sent by th© Presi
dent. •
tery, Chicago.
Interment in Rose Hill Ceme-
Body Removed From Washington for
KU M KH.AT. SERVICES* OVER
REMAINS OF TVntS. GAQE
Mills.
Different grades of punishment are rec
ommended for the eighty-three cadets In
volved. Some will be court-martialed and
ethers will be deprived of privileges. The
court of inquiry developed that many of
the boys had entered into disturbances In
a spirit of fun. though others were in
censed over the reduction and punishment
of Cadet Lieutenant Rawlston for his
failure to report some of their, number for
violation of regulations. ¦-.*•
Lieutenant Colonel Hein will be relieved
from duty as commandant . of cadets at
the end of the present academic term.
The order for his detachment was Issued
several weeks ago, and at the time it was
explained that his four years' term of
duty had expired and that this was the
reason for his relief. He will be succeed
ed by Lieutenant . Colonel Treat. Officials
of the department thoroughly approve the
conduct of Colonel Mills and Lieutenant
Colonel Heln, and say that if it is a ques
tion between subordination' and Insubor
dination the cadets may as well accept
the punishment that will be administered.
Senators and members of Congress in
terested in the cadets Involved are coming
to Washington to plead for leniency, but
the department feels that examples should
be made of some of the boys, and they
probably will receive very severe punish
ment.
intendent of the United States Military
Academy, will" hold a conference to-mor
row, at which disciplinary- measures to be
applied to cadets implicated in the dis
turbances at West Point will be deter
mined upon. This order regarding Colonel
Mills was issued to-day:
"By direction of the Secretary of "War,
Colonel Albert L. Mills, superintendent of
the United States Military Academy, will
repair to this city and report to the ad
jutant general of the armv^ for consulta
tion on official business pertaining to the
military academy." • •
Colonel Mills -has not yet arrived but is
espected to-morrow morning. In the
meantime Judge Advocate General Lleder
has passed upon a half-dozen cases of
cadets ,whlch have already been tried for
participation .'n objectionable proceedings
at West Point. The report of the court of
Inquiry which Investigated the trouble la
now at the department and will be con
sidered by Secretary Root and Colonel
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 2O.-Secretary
Root and Colonel Albert L. Mills, super-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bs Meted Out.
West Pointers to Receive
Various Sentences for
Insubordination.
Political Pull Cannot
Stay Punishment to
CADETS MUST
PAY PENALTY
COLUMBUS. Ohio. May 20.— The Sov
ereign Camp of the Woodmen of the
World to-day decided that In future If
members engage in the liquor business
they will be expelled, and the camps re
fusing to take thu action shall have
their charters revoked.
Heretofore the executive committee has
been empowered to revoke the . actions
of tho sovereign camp, but it was to-day
decided that in the future their acts must
be confirmed by a two-thirds vote of
the sovereign body in such cases.
Miners Resume Work.
DENVER, May 20.— A special to the Re
publican from Gallup, N. M., saya Sen
ator Clark's coal mines at Clarksvllle re
sumed operations to-day, the strikers go-
Ing back to work as non-union men. It
is said the newly formed union has been
completely disorganized.
Members Engaging in the Business
Shall Be Expelled From
¦¦^T I. the Order.
WOODMEN OF THE WOULD
BAB LIQUOR-DEALERS
SAN FRANCISCO. May 18. 1901.
John A. Russell, clerk of tire Board of Super
visors—My Dear Sir: Tour letter of the 14th
instant with accompanying clipping has been
received and- In behalf of the- President I beg
to assure you that the cordial messagre at wel
come therein contained is appreciated. Very
truly yours, • .
GEORGE B. CORTELYOU.
Secretary to. the President.
'The following communication was',,re
ceived byj the Board of Supervisors yester
day from George B. Cortelyou^ Secretary
to' the -President, acknowledging receipt
of the resolution of welcome to the Presi
dent-
EXECUTIVE MANSION,
President Acknowledges _ Through'
, . His Secretary a'Messlg-e of -
.•.•¦ .Welcome. . . •
SUPER VISOBS ABE THANKE3
SALT, LAKE, Utah, May 20.— The Ohio
special bearing homeward Governor Nash
and others who attended the launching of
the battleship Ohio at San Francl3co last
Saturday arrived here to-night. An In
formal reception was given Governor
Nash. The party from Ohio will be the
guests to-morrow of Governor "Wells and
other State Officials. After drives in the
morning there will be an organ recital^at
the Tabernacle and afterward, "a trip to
Salt Air. Governor Nash and party will
leave to-morrow evening for Denver. ~
Salt Lake City by Officials.
Receptions Tendered to Executive in
OHIO'S GOVERNOB IN TJTAH
Indications now are that the extra ses
sion will be a long one. ! Five days of the
session have been spent mostly in com
mittee work, but the time given to open
sessions of the houses has been . devoted to
lively • discussions, and many long fights
are in prospect. ... .
ant Governor J. II. Neff. chairman of the
joint committee of the Legislature; Sen
ator T. H. Selvage, chairman of the com
mittee of the Senate; Senators J. M. Da
vis, R. T. Devlin, Thomas Flint, Fred M.
S. Smith and Luchsinger. .'--"". w
On the first day of the" extra session the
Home Rulers passed a resolution asking
the /Governor about the county govern
ment act, which was left in his hands at
the end. of the regular session and which
fell' a -victim to a pocket veto. The pass
age of the resolution to make this in
quiry was preceded by a very fiery debate,
in which Representative Emmeluth de
clared that the "Governor ; must be re
moved. In response to the resolution the
Governor's secretary replied that no ac
tion had been taken with regard to the
bill. The executive reply brought forth a
resolution of "want of confidence" in Gov
ernof)Dole. The resolution, introduced as
a concurrent resolution by Representative
Emmeluth, passed the House by a vote of
11 to 12.
'¦ The extra cession of the Legislature
called by Governor Dole for the consider
ation of appropriation bills Is now in ses
sion, and the committee work done so far
shows, the expected general slashing of
salaries of government o.fficlals. A large
number of clerks and other minor of
ficials will probably be left unprovided for
altogether, and the heads of all depart
ments are cut.
.. HONOLULU, May. -13.— Governor Dole
on "Saturday, acting, under the advice of
his . physician, retired temporarily from
the duties of office:' Secretary Cooper, It
was officially announced at_ . the same
time; >would act In his place. " There is
nothing particularly wrong with the Gov
ernor, . Secretary Cooper said this after
nopn, except that he needs a good rest.
This he will try to secure at a mountain
retreat on the island, where he goes ito
mofrbw. \'. \
The Legislature. Engaged in
Slashing Salaries of
¦ Officials.
Temporarily^ Retires on
the Advice of His
Physician.,
GOVERNOR DOLE
TAKES A REST
President Milburn received an ovation
when he arose to speak, and it was some
tlmo before he could secure attention. He
began by reading telegrams and cable-
Message From th,e President.
As the closing strains of the "Hallelu
jah" chorus, played by the Seventy-first
Regiment Band, died away, Bishop Fow
ler offered the opening prayer.
The troops were massed on and around
the Bridge of Triumph and at 12:15 o'clock
the officials and special guests, headed by
Vice President Roosevelt and President
Milburn of the exposition, marched
through open ranks and on through the
roped enclosure to the Temple of Music.
The parade re-formed and marched on
through the grounds. After the entry of
the officials and guests, the Temple of
Music was thrown open to those holding
invitations and rapidly filled. ¦ -
About noon the multitude began to en
ter on the esplanade about the Temple of
Music, where the exercises were held.
The first of the ceremonies on the grounds
was the flight of 10,000 homing pigeons.
The pigeons, suddenly released from cap
tivity, rose in a great mass, circling round
and round through the towers of the
buildings, rising higher and higher until
gradually, as they got their bearings, they
darted away, first in pairs, then by the
score, until all had disappeared to the
four points of the compass, bearing their
messages announcing the dedication of
the exDOBition.
The, parade moved oft at 10:10, a squad
of mounted police clearing the way. State
troops led, followed by United States ar
tillerymen. The Mexican contingent fol
lowed, end after them were more militia
men. Vice President (Roosevelt reviewed
the procession from a carriage at the en
trance of the City Hall driveway. When
the last of the military had passed Roose
velt was escorted to a carriage and rode
with President Milburn. Roosevelt was
cheered along the line and repeatedly
bowed his acknowledgments.
Flight of Homing Pigeons.
foreign and State commissioners and dis
tinguished visitors were received at the
main entrance to the municipal building.
grams of congratulatory nature received
during the day, commencing with that of
President McKinley, as follows: - -
SAN FHANCISCO. May 20. 1901.
Hon. William I. Buchanan, Director General
Pan-American Exposition, Buffalo, N. Y.: Fel
low Citizens of the United States and Fellow
Americana from all our Neighboring Nations—
I send you greetings from the shores of the Pa
cific, with fervent prayers for the benediction
of heaven upon this beneficent enterprise, with
sincere congratulations to all whose energy and
devotion have brought It to pass, and with
heartfelt welcome to our guests from our sister
republics, to whom we wish continued and
abundant prosperity. May there be no cloud
upon this grand festlvul of peace and com
merce, no thought of rivalry except that gen
croun competition In useful arts and In In
dustries which benefits all. I earnestly hope
that this great exhibition may prove a bless
ing to every country of this hemisphere, and
that even the world at large may profit by the
progress of which we give proof by the lesson
of our efforts and their results. I trust that It
may become evident b«fore this exhibition
closes that our vast. and Increasing prosperity
Vis fruitful of nothing but good to our elders in
the brotherhood of nations, and that our on
ward march may forever exemplify the divine
sentiment of "peace on earth and good will to
men." . WILLIAM McKINLEY. .
Telegrams or letters of congratulation,
were also read from the Governor Gen
eral of Canada, the Presidents of Hayti,
Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, Nicaragua,
Uruguay; Paraguay. Argentina and Santo
Domingo and the Governors of Jamaica
and Martinique. ¦, , ...
An Address by the } Mayor.
There- was another cheer when/ Mayor
Diehl was introduced by President Mil
burn. In the course of his speech Mayor
£>lehl said:
The president and . the board of directors of
the exposition have earned enduring fame. In
eleven months they have built this beautiful
rainbow city 1 which is the admiration of the
world. We acknowledge the genius and the
ability of the director general and proclaim him
our most honored citizen.
In our pride and rejoicing w» do not forget
the deep debt of gratitude we owe to President
McKinley, . who has been tt>e friend of the ex
position from its inception; to Congress for the
splendid exhibit which It has placed at -our
disposal; the governments of the three Amer
icas which have sent their best products for our
inspection; to the Governors and Legislatures
Continued from First- Page.
PRESIDENT'S WIFE 15 GRADUALLY IMPROVING.
the spirit of strong brotherly friendship tv
one's fellows, which we hope and believe will
hereafter stand as typical* of the men .. who
make up this, the mightiest republic upon
wheih the sun has ever shone. , _ . '
. The speech of Vice President , Roosevelt
aroused a high spirit of enthusiasm and
he was wildly cheered as he closed and
took his ' seat. Senator Lodge was then
presented. • He, too, , was enthusiastically
received. Senator Lodge was followed by
Frederick Almy,: who recited a poem, and
he in turn by Lieutenant Governor.Wood
ruft.-'At the conclusion of his address the
audience Joined . in singing "America," to
the accompaniment of the band. ,
Bishop /William' D. > Walker then pro
nounced the .benediction and the multi
tude dispersed.' '¦ ' ¦;.'.*'..
and the safest to follow Is that of "all men
up." A good deal can. and ought to be done
by law. For Instance, the State, and If neces
sary the nation, should by law assume ample
power of supervising- and regulating the acts
of any corporation (which can be but its crea
ture), and generally of those Immense business
enterprises which exist only because of the
safety and protection" to property guaranteed by
our system of government. Yet it Is equally
true that, while this power should exist, it
should be 1 used . sparingly and with selNrc
stralnt. Modern Industrial competition In very
keen between nation and nation, and now that
our country Is striding forward with the pace
of a giant to take the leading position In the
international Industrial world, we should be
ware how we fetter our limbs, how we cramp
our titan strength. •' WTiiW driving to prevent
Industrial weakness at home, we must not
bring ' upon ourselves Industrial 'weaknen*
abroad. This Is a task for which we need the
finest abilities of the statesman, the student,
the patriot and the fnr-aeelnz lover of man
kind. It Is a tank In which we shall fall with
absolute certainty. If we approach It after hav
ing surrendered ourselves to the guidance of
the ' demagogue or the doctrines of the well
meanlnff man' who think* feebly, 'or of the cun
ning self-seeker who endeavors to rise by com
mitting that worst of crimes against our peo
ple — the crime of Inflaming brother against
brother, one American against his fellow Amer
icans. My fellow countrymen, bad laws are
evil. thlngi, good laws, are necessary, and a
clean, fearless, common-sense administration
of the laws Is even more necessary, but what
we- need most of all lt> to look to our own
selves to see that our consciences as individ
uals, that our collective national conscience,
may be Instant to respond to every appeal for
high action and lofty and generous ' endeavor.
There must and shall be > no falling oft In the
national traits of hardihood, and manliness; and
we must keep ever bright the love of justice.
of the States of the Union who have contrib
uted so much to this display, and to the dis
tinguished guests who have honored us with
their presence here to-day.
Robert Cameron Rogers was presented
and read his poem, dedicated to the expo
sition. ... . . ¦» ¦ ,. I '¦•¦ '
. : The Orpheus Society sang "Salve Lib
ertc," accompanied by. an orchestra, and
at the .conclusion. Vice President Roose
velt was presented and'; a storm of ap
plause gave him greeting as he came for
ward; In concluding 'his address Roose
velt said;. • ..;'
Roosevelt's Telling Words. /
There are" certain truths which are so com
monplace as to be axiomatic, and yet so Im
portant that we cannot keep them too vividly
before our minds. The true welfare of the na
tion is lndlssolubly bound with the welfare of
the farmer and the wage worker, of the man
who tills the soil, and of the mechanic, the
handicraftsman, the laborer. If we can in
sure the prosperity of these two classes we
need not trouble ourselves about the prosperity
of the rest, for that will follow as a matter of
course. ' . - . * -
On the ¦other hand. Jit is equally true that the
prosperity of any of ua can best be .attained
by measures that wltf promote the prosperity of
all. The poorest motto upon which an Amer
ican can act is that motto of "some men down"
NEW YORK, May 20.— H. S. Devens,
eecretary of the National Metal Trades
Association, to-night expressed the opin
ion that the strike will not be a prolonged
affair, and said that he hoped to see the
settlement of the difficulty within a day
or two. Devens said further that there
.would be a meeting- at the Astor House
to-morrow of the manufacturers in- the
second district, which includes- the sec
tion covered by Greater New York. Mr.
Devens thinks it more than probable that
definite steps will be taken at that time
"for the solution of the existing trouble.'
He said further v that prior to a meeting
last Friday morning, held in this city,
several large manufacturers., who are
members of the National Metal Trades
WILL NOT BE PROLONGED.
The molders In all of the shops are or
ganized, but will not strike unless orders
are received from the international head
quarters. Should they walk out the Oak
land iron handling shops would be forced
to shut down.
"No plans have been formed concerning:
the future. I am not ready to say whether
non-union men will replace the mechanics
who have walked out Matters will prob
ably drift along for some time without
charge. We could not pay the waged
asked for by the men and continue in
business in the face of Eastern competi
tion.* We were already handicapped and
we could not stand the conditions. We
Khali operate our foundry as long as the
molders are willing to work."
Of the five machinist" at the Scoville
shops four are in the owners' family. The
fifth man went on strike. The union's de
mands were formally presented and the
firm formally declined to comply with
them. . - -
At the Oakland Iron Works thirty-two
rnachinis-ta. five pattern makers and four
appientlces went on strike. After Super
intendent George T. Randolph had in
formed the men that the company could
not yield, tbe mechanics quietly left the
ehepg. The works employed 145 men.
General Manager Booth made the fol
lowing statement:
At the Judson worka In Emeryville
twenty machinists, fifteen blacksmiths
and helpers and nine pattern, makers
withdrew after Superintendent McFeeley
had announced to their committee that
the nine-hour demand, would not be ac
ceded to by the management. The situa
tion was canvassed at conferences be
tween the men and the officials of the
works in a friendly attitude, the hope be
ing expressed that there would be a
speedy settlement/ of the difficulty.
The eight iron moldere and two core
makers employed at the works expected
to walk out to-day with their fellow
mechanics, but they cannot strike with
out direction from the central headquar
ters in the East, and that order they are
now awaiting.
Superintendent McFeeley and Assistant
General Manager Parsons would not dis
cuss the future plans of the company.
There are 300 men employed in the rolling
mill department who are not yet affected
by jlhe strike. Some of the striking me
chanics went to work in the rolling mills,
the understanding being that they would
not be asked to do machinists' work.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Upon the, refusal
of the managers of the Oakland Iron
Works, the Judson Iron Works and Sco
vllle'B Iron Works to yield to the nine
hour demand of their machinists, elghty-
Eix men walked out of the shops at 9:13
o'clock this morning in accordance with
orders from their international headquar
ter*. The strike was called in an orderly
way. There was no sign of trouble, the
men leaving the various shops and dis
persing without any demonstration. At
the Best works In San Leandro none of
the machinists went- out, although it was
stated by Manajer Flint that 6lx of his
machinist* were in the union. They are
paid 30 and 32V4 cents an hour for a ten
hour day.
Their Demands Refused, Many Ma
chinists Walk Out.
Last evening the striking mechanics de
cided to throw pickets around the non
union Iron works to dissuade any • non
union mechanics from accepting positions
that may be offered them.
OAKLAND SHOPS CLOSE.
ticn from the ten hours' pay. but accom
panying this report was another that the
works hart refused to consider the propo
sition. The same negotiations .were not
entered into with the other firms, at least
v.p to last evening. ; ,
It is the claim of the employers that the
business out here will not stand the strain
of a nine-hour day at the full schedule
of v.aces.*
It is pointed out that at the Union Iron
Works, with four thousand men working,
a cut of cne hour from every man's day
means a total cut pf 4003 hours a day, or
the equivalent of over 444 days of nine
hours. It was claimed by the men that a
man working continuously for nine hours
a day will do as much in the long run as
•1-man working ten hours a day. but the
employers point to the fact that most of
the men on strike are men who run ma
chines and that if the time for the run
ning of the machine is cut an hour a day
it means a full hour's work that cannot
be made up. for the machines are sup
posed to be working to their full capacity
all the time.
No one among the members of the firms
interested will hazard a guess as to the
probable length of the strike. It may last
for weeks and it may be settled in a few
<5a.ys. they say. The shops are all running'
full and there are a great many contracts
on hand, but all contracts are made with
a strike clause, and so- the firms willnot:
be liable for any delay the strike .-may
cxiiise. Their losses will be confined:, to'
the idleness of their plants and the Jack
of income by reason of the shuttingdown
cf all work. . " -
Cincinnati Plants Close.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 20.— At a meet
ing late this afternoon of the employing
machinists they decided to close down
'their plants indefinitely as a result of the
strike. A number of the larger firms de
clare they have enough finished product
on hand to tide them over a strike with
out inconvenience.
At a meeting of the. strikers to-night
Business Agent Harry Schilling of the
combined Machinists' Unions of this city
announced that the tie-up in Cincinnati Is
the most complete in the country. He
said there were but 100 non-union ma
chinists at work to-day, aside from the
600 who have been already conceded their
terms. These 100, he pledged, would not
work on Tuesday.
Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor, arrived early
to-day. Vice President. Thomas KIdd and
Treasurer John B. Lennon, members of
the executive board of the American Fed
eration of Labor, had preceded Mr. Gom
pers here. Early to-day they went into
conference with the local leaders of the
International, Association of Machinists.
An Increase Granted.
ALLIANCE. Ohio, May 20.— The Morgan
Engineering Works to-day granted its 500
employes, mostly machinists and molder3,
an increase in wages of 10 per cent. This
was the first strike in the history of the
company.
Many Return to Work,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 20.— About 1200
machinists employed in this city went on
strike to-day. .
Of the 1200 men who quit work 500 have
been granted the increase and returned to
work. Business Apent Reynolds of the
Machinists'. Union declared to-night that
not more than 500 men are out now. .
Sign the Machinists' Scale.
TOLEDO. Ohio, May 2O.-This afternoon
and evening eleven firms signed the ma
chinists* scale, making a total of fifteen
firms which have granted the demands of
the workmen. There are yet about 100
men put, but it is believed that .within
two days all will be at work again. There
is a very friendly feeling between the
strikers and their employers.
On Strike at Scranton.
SCRANTON, Pa., May 20.— Every ma
chine shop in Scranton is idle to-day ow
ing to the strike for a nine-hour, day
and an increase of 12% per cent in wajjes.
Altogether 3000 men, quit work, and these,
with the Lackawanna machinists and car
shop men, out for a week past, make
nearly £000 on strike in Scranton. ;
The Dixon Works this morning posted a
notice agreeing to give nine hours a day
and to arbitrate the wage issue. The men
ignored the notice in obedience to inter
national instructions. ¦ ¦ \
Sixty Per Cent Go Out.
BOSTON, .May 20.— About 60 per cent of
the machinists employed in Boston ¦'struck
to-day. The number of men involved is
about 1500. Shops employing about. 650 men
have granted the.new. scale, and the firms
for- which the * remaining men in the
trade work have been given until noon to
day to decide the question. '
¦ ? ¦ ~ " • ;••*¦• -
* / A Month's Test Free.
If you haveRheunjatlsm.writeDr.Shopp.Raclne,'
W*is.,boxl37,for six bottles of htsRheumaticCure,
express paid.' Send no money.* Pay J5. 50 if cured*
, Nut over 200 men responded to the sum
mons this morning to go on strike, and
ir.ost of these returned to work during the
day, as their demands had been conceded
by their employers.
CHICAGO. May- 20.— At a meeting of, the
Chicago Machine Manufacturers' Asso
ciation the members, adopted a reeolutlon
Indorsing arbitration as the means to set
tle the present strike difficulties in the
machinery and allied metal. trade3. As
over 75 per cent of the union machinists
employed throughout the city . have al
ready declared themselves in favor of
such a plan, there is little likelihood, of
any serious trouble among the machinists
in Chicago.
Arbitration Is indorsed.
In Camden 225 men are out— 200 em
ployed by the- Now York Ship-building
Company. 7D at Dialogues' shipyard and
50 at-E. H. Johnson's machine shop.
. PHILADELPHIA, May 20.-Information
received at the local headquarters of the
International Association of Machinists'
to-ri!eht from all parts of the city and
¦ Camden, N. J., placed the number at ma-i,
chinists who had gone on ; strike 'for,- a'
nine-hour workday fit about 1400. There
are about 5000 . machinists in the city..
Al>cut fifty flrm&have signed: the, agree
"raent, leaving twenty- affected by the
strike. -A€ the Pennsylvania Iroxv.Works,
which includes the Globe Engine Com
pany. ' a conference was held j during- the
Say between a committee of
and members of the firm. • No:agreement
¦was reached ana about 250 men.'tke en
tire force of 'machinists, with the excep
tion of seven, struck. It Is estimated that
12G of the machinists at Cramps' ship
yards are out. At Pedrick & .Ayres'
|-.!&ttt 125 men struck. The Butterworth
Company lost- COO men, and at numerous,
other works the number of strikers ranges
from 10 to 100.
Some Men Leave Cramps.
Association had conceded the demands of
the strikers. Devens also said:
"The machinists claim that about 3000
men are already 'out on strike. Perhaps
their figures are correct. I cannot say
definitely as to that. As to the extension
of the strike to allied trades I think there
is little likelihood of any such action be
ing taken. The matter will be settled in
an easier way than that."
- The chairman of the Machinists* Union
to-night gave out a statement in which
he says that over thirty firms, employing
over 1S(W ! men, had : conceded the de
mands of the strikers. He puts the num
ber of men who struck to-day at 7500 and
says the total number now on strike is
about 10,000. What is considered a fair
estimate of the number of local machin
ists out on strike at the various Brook
lyn establishments fixes the number at
about 1400.
CHETEXN'E, Wyo.. May 20.— Word was
received here .to-day from Lander that
several hundred Arapahoe braves. are de
fying Agent Nickerson of the Wind River
reservation and that an outbreak is
feared. The agent lias asked for permis
sion to use troops to suppress the rebel
lious reds. It is said that the Indians are
ia a bad humor because of the refusal of
the Government to issue seed grain and
permit them to holl their annual sun
clance.
Few crops have been put in and a large
number of Indians have been idle for
menths. Recently the Government .gave
instructions to issue rations but twice a
month instead of weekly, and the braves
claim they cannot live. Then a number of
hunting parties asked for permits to visit
neighboring reservations, and these
fjuests are said to have been denied. The
Shoshor.es have taken no part in the trou-
Me, but it is reported that the Arapahoes
have announced their intention of holding
their sun dance in spite of the agent -and
his troops. Complaints iiave been made
lately by settlers in the vicinity of the
reservation that th« Indians have been
killing stock, and the whites are in bad
humor as a result. There is only a small
detachment of troops stationed at \v ash
akie. Should the Indians go on the war
path they could do considerable damage
on account of the insufficient force to
quell the disturbance.
Outbreak of Rebellious
Reds Is Feared in
Wyoming.
— .« — .
Threaten to Hold Sun Dance
Despite Presence of
Troops.
INDIAN BRAVES
DEFY THE AGENT
Conference on Customs TariEs.
BERLIN. May 20.— Chancellor von Bu
low has summoned the Ministers of Prus
sia. Bavaria. Saxony, Wurttemberg. Baden
nnd Hesse to a conference on the cus
toms tariffs, to be held June 4.
Continued From First Page.
HACHINSSTS' STRIKE IS BEGUN
ST. PETERSBURG. May 20.— Simon
James Gordon, the Russo-Ameriean who
was charged with changing his allegiance
without the Czar's permission, and who
was threatened with deportation to Si
beria, has been released under 2;,000
roubles, that amount having been depos
ited as security by his wife's relatives,.
He asserts his confidence that the case
against him will be allowed to lapse. He
is, as he states, winding up his old busl
i;css in order to go to the United States
and reinstate himself as a citizen of the
United States, the State Department hav
ing decided recently that according to
its rulings and practice he had prac
tically abandoned his rights.
Gordon' s rather left Riga early in the
sixties and was admitted to citizenship
in New York under the name of Jacob
Gcrdcn. October 23, 1868. He was for
mally released from Russian allegiance
October 20, 1S72. . Simon James Gordon,
who went to America with his father as
a minor, was naturalized November 26,
1872. He returned to Russia and was
married at the American legation in
March, 1874. On the advice of Eugene
Schuyler, American charge d'affaires,
i.e went to Riga, his father's old home,
and secured his release from military
enrollment upon production of proof that
he had been naturalized as an American
citizen. „ ,
Two facts not without significance in
Gordon's/case are his marriage to a Rus
sian woman and his joining the ortho
dox church, which he did in order to pre
vent his ¦wife from procuring a. divorce.
He had previously been a member of the
local Congregational church.
The State Department Says
He Has Abandoned
His Rights.
Fears Czar May Order
Him Deported to
Siberia.
RUSSO-AMERICAN
IN BAD PLIGHT
PAN-AMERICAN EXP0SITION
IS DEDICATED BEFORE THRONGS
Vice President Roosevelt Reviews Parade and Utters
yords That Arouse^reat Enthusiasm.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1901.
\ "Drs. Hirschfelder and Gibbons met'Dr.
Rixey at 8:30 p. m. They find that Mrs.
M<?Kinley's improvement has .continued
through the day and that, her -condition
to-night is' excellent.. ' Drs. -Hirschfelder
Gibbons and Gushing , will meet Dr. Rlxey
at 11:30- a. m. : to-morrow-." ?¦• -Yi •-•¦¦ _. <-,;C
' Mayor Phelan and Henry J. Crocker
Mrs. 1 McKinley - also ¦ enjoyed considera
ble sleep, and when" the; doctors .visited
thelp patient at 8:30 p.- m. they were de
lighted at the ' improvement • noted . in " her
condition. /The physicians remained but
half an hour.- After their, departure'Sec
retary. Cortelyou issued the following.bul
letin: V ¦ - • ¦ ~
the food ordered by her physicians. The
fever had entirely disappeared and Mrs.
McKinley's strength grew stronger with
the passing of each hour. t -¦•-' v
In the afternoon Mrs. McKinley was suf
ficiently strong to listen for some time. to
the President's account of how he had
been received by the people of San Fran
cisco, the patient asking for full,particu
lars of the parade of last week and the
reception at the ferry and the ¦ launching:
of the Ohio. . . .' . ¦ \ .
/ . . Doctors . Aro Delighted.
called on the President early in the even
ing to learn the desires of the chief exec
utive as to the parade of the school chil
dren to-day. 1 - . . . - ' ¦-.:- ' -
-At midnight, just before the. President
retired, it was learned that Mrs. McKin
ley i wa8''reBtinsr comfortably • and- ' ¦. that
there was every indication that she would
pass another restful night. / ' :
McKINIiETT'S . EYE ON CUBA.
The President and members of the Cabl-;
net are watching with interest the reports
which the Cuban' Commission that visited
Washington I will present ' to the : Constitu-^
tional Convention to-day. > Secretary, Root
has kept the President fully advised of the
developments in Havana, • and ¦• the Presi
dent is « In 4 communication ; with a leading
Senators ' upon the subject. A The question
of this' Government's .acceptance of the
ection of the Constitutional Convention as,
."substantial V compliance". \ with ', the teams
of the Platt amendment will.'t of coKR-se,
not be« formally raised, until .the Constitu
tional ' Coriventlbn acts* upon ! the :; reports
submitted to it.- But there is good reason
to believe that the members of the , Cabi-
net here are satisfied with the develop
ments. .-' ¦ - .
'.The majority, report is considered a vir
tual acceptance of | the Platt amendment;
and the. minority, report could perhaps be
interpreted as a stronger protest designed
to meet the demands of local sentiment in
Cuba and ;.; "save the face' ' of -its authors. -
-j Public questions as they arise are being
daily discussed by the President with the
members of the Cabinet.' ' No formal Cabi
net'meetings, are being, held at the Scott
residence, .but, matters relating* to the va
rious branches of the : Government " are
talked- ; over .'•. informally. Secretary Hay
and the other members of .the Cabinet will
remain 'With the President until Mrs. I Mc-
Kinley is able to travel and they will then
all go- East together. ' ,
LEGISLATIVB COMMITTEE HERE
. The reception committee .of the Legis
lature which •will wait on" the President at
2 p. -m. to-day. and express: to him its con
gratulations on ¦ the recovery, of Mrs.': Mc-
Kinley from her serious illness arrived In
this, city > yesterday, r >,.'. .
I . .The i committee is ' composed ' of Lieu ten-
BUFFALO, May 20.— Lowering
clouds that threatened rain and
a wind that blew In fitful gusts .
jnarked the opening hours of
dedication day at the Pan-Amer
ican Exposition. The holiday crowds were
astir early and the earlier trains brought "
thousands of recruits to the ranks. The
military parade formed at the City Hall
and the streets. radiating from it and the
2
II Among the.popular hats .this. season is. a rough fin- . H
II ished Fedora like" the one . above pictured. As is our cus- II
II torn, we are prepared to supply you with them at the low- if
y est price at which a good hat can be sold. : The colors are U
n pearl, blue -pearly cedar and tan; you can have them . i]
H either with raw edge or small stitching on the brim; H
JO price only 90c. They are worth $1.50. M
I '. At the ; same price— smooth finished Fedoras in black, y
U brown, pearl; blue pearl, cedar and steel, and;Derbys in ra
Jj black and brown. fj
II See the hats and you will see that they are really H -
. II worth more than 90c. . . jl
It . - Out-of-town orders filled— writs us. N
g 718 Market Street;' . JJscore. . But I am too old to take up this
burden. If I were twenty . years younger
I probably would accept the office gladly,
but the Interests of the party demand that
a younger man be chosen." . T
F. T. Gaven of Walnut Creek nominated
A. A. Bailey of Martinez.
Walter Gallagher insisted on the election
of Popper; and was going to put the ques
tion himself and elect Popper, whether or
no, but protests were made against the
irregularity of such proceeding.
Gaven withdrew the name of A. A.
Bailey, and the secretary was about to
put the question on a motion to elect Pop
per by acclamation, but Popper declined
again. . .
"I hear continually," said Popper,
"names of men mentioned for political
leadership who are so dead that Gabriel's
trump itself could not resurrect them. We
must have new leadership, and not. the re
habilitation of that which has been. I
shall insist on that policy throughout, and
it is for that reason that I decline."
Holcomb Is Chosen,
Bailey and Holcomb were again nom
inated. Then Bailey's name was with
drawn and Holcomb was elected by unani
mous vote. • '
A. A. Bailey of Martinez was elected
vice sachem, Louis Metzger of San Fran
cisco was elected as grand treasurer and
Lawrence J. Welch of . San' Francisco as
grand secretary. For grand organizer Max
Popper was elected.
Sachems for various counties and clubs
were chosen as follows: Contra Costa, Jo
seph Greer; San Francisco, Joseph Roths
child; Democratic Central Club, Oscar
Hocks; San Rafael, T. J. Crowley; San
Jose, Nicholas Bowden; Benicia, Herman
Hertzbrun; Sacramento. Morris Brooks;
Monticello Club, Edmond Godchaux.
The grand sachem was authorized to fill
vacancies and appoint sachems for new
clubs, and -the conference was adjourned.
Appointed a Justice.
REDWOOD CITY. May 20.— The Board
of Supervisors to-day' appointed James P.
Brown a Justice of the Peace at San Ma
teo to fill the vacancy made recently hy
the death of R. L. Mattingly. : .
Prosecution Relentless in Its Efforts
to Convict the Slayer of Cech
and Berger.
SAN JOSE, May 20— Ex-Constable Fred
Beserow, who shot and killed Joseph Cech
and August Berger at' the brewers* picnic
last July, must faceajOry for -the 'fifth
time on a charge of murder. All the other
trials have resulted in disagreements.
When the . case came up this morning
Begerow*s attorneys moved for a dis
missal of the charge, but District Attor
ney Campbell vigorously opposed the mo
tion. Judge Loriean then denied It and
set Beeerow's trial for June 10. ¦ .. ..
BEGEROW TO BE TRIED
FOR THE FIFTH TIME
SAN JOSE.-May 20.— The first shipment
of | green fruits from this ' valley v started
eastward this evening. Mt consisted of a
carload of cherries destined fdr Chicago. '
San Jose Ships Cherries.
SANTA CRUZ,, May : 2O.-Walnut
Heights, the splendid country home of A.
P. Stanton, formerly business manager of
the Argonaut. Is in ashes. The Stanton
residence, which Is near Aptos, was bailt
at a cost of $12,000. It contained many
valuable paintings and the finest private
library in the county. The entire loss was
about $20,000, with only $3000 insurance
The origin of the; fire Is unknown. Mr.
Stanton was in the library yesterday
when he heard the crackling of flames
and found that his home was ablaze. He
shut the upstairs doors to prevent a
draught, and, had saved ; a chair and a
few other articles of furniture when the
topfloor came crashing, down. Of allthe
valuable papers, costly bric-a-brac and
works of art nothing was saved..
BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY
PLACE LAID WASTE
Flames Sweep Walnut Heights, the
Aptos Home of A. F.
Stanton.
The Nova Scotia bark Stlllwater, with
S00,000- feet of lumber aboard, sprang a
leak and was beached to save her. The
bark Highland Light was discharging bal
last In the stream when It was found
water was pouring Into her hold as fast
as the ballast came out.' She will be sent
to the dry dock. The steamer Walla Walla
attempted to swing ' around too close to
the newly filled in ground on which the
Northern Pacific will erect several new
warehouses and docks and narrowly es
caped going aground. A few minutes later
che swung In close to the steamer Elihu
Thomson, lying at the bunkers, and then
backed toward the steamer /Edith at tho
American Fish Company's docks/ The
tug Fearless rescued the steamer.
About the same time Foss' boathouse
collapsed from some unknown cause and
two Indians paddling a small canoe In the
bay were capsized. During the excite
ment tho Highland Light bumped Jnto
the ship Florence, which was lying close
to the distressed bnrk. ' .
TACOMA, May 20.— A chapter of acci
dents occurred along the water front to
day, and," though none of them were seri
ous, the run of bad luck created consid
erable excitement.
Special ZMspatcb to The Call.
DAY OF ACCIDENTS
ON TAGOMA'S FRONT
Disaster Follows Disaster to
the Shipping on the
Sound,
"'-. -.Their. Theft.
SACRAMENTO, May 20.— While 'Mrs,
Julia Dunn and her. sister, Mrs. Newton
Booth of Son . Francisco, were visiting
their friends, Judge and Mrs. J..H.Mc-
Kune.Mn this city a week ago, Mrs. Dunri
suffered the , loss of diamond ' rings and
other gems valued at $1500. A Chinese
cook who ' hnd been seen coming out of
the bathroom after Mrs. Dunn had left it;
where she had placed the diamonds on"a
shelf, was' arrested for the crime and to
day, was Ifeld to answer before tho Supe
rior Court.
Thi» evening the report was made to the
police station that all of Mrs. Dunn's dia
monds had been found secreted behind a
basket In the room which Mrs. Dunn had
occupied. The' police are greatly mysti
fied Over the affair.'' . ¦ ,/
Desertions From the Mohican.," '.'•)
SAN DIEGO, May 20.— Tho United States
training ship Mohican sailed this morning
on a cruise to the Hawaiian Islands. Dur
ing her stay of ten days in; this port,, on
her return from Magdalena. Bay, there
were sixty-two: desertions among the ap
prentice boys.' . ' :- **¦ •
Bullet Ends His Life. .
, SAFFORD, Ariz;, . May,, 2O.--BenJamln
Frank Pascoe, a prominent business man
of Saffordand Globe, killed ; himself this
"rooming. He was in poor health and had
become, a • mental . wreck through . worry
,over •. financial losses.' The . weapon "used
'was a, rifle.: .' : ¦ '< -. ;_" ' '¦' ¦¦'. ..'. ¦. ¦ _?..»,
Watchman Perishes by Fire...
' RENO, Nev., May. 20.— Fife broke out. In
the tender, of a ; locomotlyjb in the i N. '• C
and O.', roundhouse'this'mornlng.'about 4
o'clock. 'In .attempting 'to extingulah -it
Joseph Karuse," the night watchman,'. waa
so ¦ severely burned * that ' he • died In ' the
County Hospital a few hours afterward.-
MRS. DTTNTT RECOVERS
HEC& MISSING JEWEXJS.
Medium of Their Return as Inex
plicable "as the Mystery of:,
Rails Between Barstow and
. . Mojave.
LOS ANGELES, May 20.— The Santa Fe
is'about to begin another and probably its
last piece of Important reconstruction on
the lines embraced in the far western por
tion" of Its system. The new work will be
the relaying; of the track between Bar
stow and Mojave, a distance of seventy
one miles, with seventy-five ' pound steel
rails. The rails now In use. along that
portion of the road are fifty-six pounds
in weight. When the new work Is com
pleted the entire, system west of .Albu
querque will have been practically rebuilt.'
The company Is hard pressed for labor
on the desert. White help has not been
used through Arizona and New Mexico
for several years, Japanese having been
employed. Recently the Japanese have
become scarce, and Mojave/and Navajo
Indians are being employed, side by side
with the little brown men from across »the
sea. At' Santa Fe headQuartera it was
stated to-day that white labor was . pre
ferred by the company if it can be pro
cured. The pay Is from -$110 to $175 a
day. ¦ • ¦ " ".
The company's regular overland is to
make connection at Barstow, east -.and
west, beginning June 7, to. Los Angeles.
No attempt, however, will be made in the
direction of local traffic to San Francisco.
SAUTAFE CONTINUES
ROAD RECONSTRUCTION
Forces of "Workmen Relaying the
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The following
orders were issued by the Postoffice De
partment to-day:
Postmaster appointed: California— Ira
T. Ward, Freestone, Sonoma County, vice
John O. Grady, removed.
Rural free delivery to be established,
July 1 at Newcastle, Placer County, Cal. :
The following pensions' were issued to
day: California: ; Original— William T. F.
Smith, Napa, $6; JohnKee Madden, San
Francisco, $6; John Johnstone;* -.Chula
Vista. $6. Increase— Francis M.-. Turner,
Soldiers VHome, v-Los Angeles, -. $12;.: Jon
athan P. i. Haskell/^Los -Angeles, -j$12;
George Dunbar.'San Francisco, $10. .Orig
inal widow— Minor of William W.' Pick
erel, Felton,"$10. War' with Spain,' orig
inal—Frank P. Wagner, San •. Francisco,
$6: John MacGregor, San Francisco, ¦ $6.',.
Oregon : Additional— Samuel Whitehorn,
Dallas, $12. Increase— Elijah' Rich, Sell
wood, -$10; Eugene L* Gardner, Juniper,
$10; George B. Cole, Eagle Point, $12.
Washington : Increase — Manjord ' - A.
Beekery Kent, $17. : Original widow— Minor
of Edward Van .Curren, Fair Haven, $10/
An abstract from tho condition of the
national banks of San Francisco, as re
ported to the Comptroller of the Currency
April 24, shows an average reserve of
32.66 per cent. Loans arid discounts $18,
619,924, gold coin $3,696,860, total specie
$4,565,310, lawful reserve $4,512,998, individ
ual deposits $15,757,163.
National Banks of San Francisco
Klake Reports to Comptroller
of Currency.' .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
That to invlt* the President and hli Cabinet
to San Jo»e and welcome them with appropri
ate speech and magnificent floral offerings in
front of the courthouae, while within hearing
of the President's voice, and hidden only by
the Hall of Kf-onln, wan provided as a popular
entertainment the«xrOMly vulgar and Indoccnt
"midway" with its mu«c1e dance, gambling
booths and shows too filthy for description,
wan an lnralt to our visitors and families who
came to enjoy the carnival, and that all com
mittees and authorities which arranged and
permitted these abominations cannot be too se
verely condemned.
SAN JOSE, May 20.— The late carnival
committee was severely arraigned by the
Pastors' Union at Its meeting this morn
ing for permitting the "Midway Plals
ance" show to run during the carnival.
Various ministers Joined In the discussion,
and the ears of the carnival authorities
would be still tingling had they heard tho
pharp censure of the clergy. Rev. H.
Melville Tenney, who instituted the cru
sade against the shows, was thanked for
his bold and manly protest against the
exhibits, which were characterized as so
demoralizing as to mar the Carnival of
RoseB. f
A resolution that waa adopted unani
mously declared: . ?
That while riving full credit to the commit
tee for ita arduous labor* In promoting such
a magnificent floral exhibition as the Carnival
of Rotes, the admitting into the midst of It
the crossly vulgar, indecent, demoralizing and
contaminating "midway" shows with gam
bling booth appendix cannot be too / severely
condemned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Denounce Them for Having
Permitted a Midway in
San Jose.
For grand sachem Henry Bienfleld nom
inated Charles H. Holcomb of San Fran
cisco, president of the Democratic Central
Club. Charles Gildea objected to a mo
tion to declare the nominations closed, on
the ground that a man must be chosen
who would have the time to go about the
State and organize clubs, else there would
be no State League of Iroquois Clubs. He
said he had a man In mind who had the
experience, the time, the ability and the
money to spend, and that man was Max
Popper. The motion to close the nomina
tions was withdrawn and Popper was
nominated. .-• ¦¦
Walter Gallagher advocated the election
of Popper and Holcomb withdrew his
name, saying that his nomination had
been a surprise to him. , .
"It is unpleasant," Popper said, to be
repeatedly forced to decline this high
honor. I served this organization In that
capacity for two years. While I did all in
my power, it was perhaps natural that
my motives should be misunderstood by
some. I cherish no bitterness on that
CLERGYMEN ARRAIGN
CARNIVAL MANAGERS
Popper Declines an Honor.
Eighth— That we appreciate the consideration
accorded us at our anniversary celebration and
conference held in the city of Benicia on May
19 and 20, 1901, by the press.
Sixth— We Join heartily with our fellow cltl
rens in extending to the President of the
United States a California welcome.
Seventh— Our thanks are due and they are
herti>y tendered to the good people of Benicia
for their cordial reception and hospitable treat
ment of the visiting Democrats.
pie and of the republic depended on the
widest extension and dilusipn of power among
the people In their primary capacity. We in
dorse the sentiment and declare that the duty
of the hour for the Democratic party demands
that it make the preservation, extension and
strengthening of municipal home rule one of
its paramount issues, as the best means of
counteracting the present powerful tendency to
the 'consolidation and centralization of power
In the general government.
Third— We believe' that the Democratic party
should make the public ownership and control
of public utilities another foremost issue, as
the best means of freeing the people from the
grasp of monopoly.
Fourth— In view of the industry and honesty
of purpose of the -working people of our coun
try.: now banded together in labor organiza
tions, we assume the justice of their cause in
the great j conflict now impending between or
ganized labor on the one side and organized
monopoly upon the other.
We repeat the purpose of the Democratic
party to honestly and rigidly exclude all Chin
ese and Japanese and all servile and contract
and pauper labor from the United States.
Fifth— The Democratic party has been de
feated but is not discouraged. If we are right,
we can afford to await the sober second
thought of the American people. It will come
when selfishness, greed and avarice have over
reached themselves, which they have never yet
failed to do in this world. When the waves
of passion and prejudice set in motion by the
hireling agents of monopoly have subsided, and
when honest Republicans are voting the Demo
cratic ticket, the wonder will be that they
ever allowed themselves Tto be so deluded.
TACOMA, May 20.— The Great Northern,
Northern Pacific and Canadian Pacific to
day announce that until October 1 home
seekers' excursions will be run from the
East to all' parts of the Northwest on the
first and third Tuesday of each month.
Continue Colonist Bate.
CUPID WELDS
TWO FAMILIES
Father and IJJour Daugh
ters Wed Mother
Four Sons.
Remarkable Oase of Inter
marriage Recorded in
Butte County//
', - Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JO3E, May 20.— A story of the re-
markable intermarriage of ; two families
in- the northern part of California is re
lated by ex-Constable Matt Coschina, who
has Just returned home from a prospect
ing four. A mother and four sons marry
ing, a father and -four daughters, and all
living happily under one roof, Is a condi
tion rarelv recorded. /
In Paradise Valley, above Oroville, Cos
china became acquainted with a Comlsh
man named J. Weer and. was Invited to
the tatter's house for dinner. There he
found the miner's wife, a buxom French
woman. Four pretty, plump young ladles
gathered around the table and by them
sat four sturdy young men. . •
• After Introductions the similarity of
names and features was remarked upon
by Coschina, and then Miner .Weer related
a portion of family history which. makes
this household the most remarkable one
In the State and shows that a family
paradise surely exists In the valley that
bears Its name.
Weer and his wife had but recently been
married and both had families before they
met. Weer had four grown daughters, all
.pretty Cornish girls, with the health -and
color of 'the old country. Mrs. Weer,
whose first husband was named Malarin,
boasted four grown sons, all sturdy, well
developed young mountaineers, ' who were
the pride of her heart. As soon as Weer
and Mrs. Malarin were married they ' set
about uniting the remainder. of their fam
ilies. One by one the young men selected
their choice from the maidens. When
Coschina visited the Weers- three- of these
weddings had taken place and the fourth
son and fourth daughter were already be
trothed. The «en tire family lives together
under one roof.
¦ Just what complications of relationship
will arise .after children are born to the
various couples and these children rear
families the ex-constable was backward;
in analyzing.
The two -carry a sheet-Iron 'stove and' a
complete cooking outfits with coal as bal
last. They will. stop at Honolulu and New
Guinea and other islands: Captain Voss
is well-acquainted with -the South Seas
and his experience will be valuable. They
will stay at Sydney and Melbourne for
several weeks and will then: set sail for
Delagoa Bay, in South Africa, where they
will' pass ¦ some time. Then ithey. will go
to England,' exhibit their 'strange war
canoe and the trophies they will natur
ally gain in .two years of travel and return
home. v
Luxton is a crack shot, and they' expect
to dp a- good deal of hunting among the
South Sea Islands... to; -replenish their
larder. ' : ¦:.- ; .'"; -- ¦¦'-' '¦ ¦¦ i' ¦•-.<>; - .. •
Voss; is an old sea captain. He claims
that. the thirty-eight-foot Indian- canoe of
cedar will, with careful navigation, ; be as
safe as'an ordinary schooner of 300 tons.
The 'canoe is the best model that could be
purchased from ; the • coast ¦ Indians. . It : Is
nearly five feet wide at the top. For near
ly.- its .whole length the little vessel' Is
decked in so 'that it will be practically
Impossible for her t to ship any amount of
; water. . There is • a- little cabin amidships,
and' altogether the hold of, the boat is so
tightly-inclosed with skins as to be almost
water-tight.' \The boat, has three/ masts,
schooner rigged,. and a double set of sails
is . carried. \ The outfit is fully as com
plete,-comparatively, as that of the larg
est sailing ships. The main part -of the
provisions are stowed away in fore and
aft | bulkheads, as are , guns ' and photo
graphing apparatus: ¦ ¦ • ¦ " . ' ¦
. VANCOUVER, B. C, May 20.— Captain
Voss, of Victoria and Norman" Luxton, a
newspaper . man, will ! leave here to-mfcr-t
row morning by the early tide on a trip
that is certain to provide many thrilling
experiences:' They^wlll cross the Pacific
in an open j boat, j If 'they - arrive in ¦ Syd
ney, Australia, on Christmas day it will
be more than a fulfillment of the present
expectations.'-, v 'N . • ' < "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Commencement at Stanford wilVbe ush
ered in next Thursday evening by the
senior farce, a clever extravaganza, en
titled "The Princess of Leeland." Th©
play Is the result of a by
W. M. Erb '01 and C. M. Bradley '01. and!
will, surpass anything of the kind ever
presented here. . A chorus of forty voices
will be a striking feature of the perform
ance. The festivities will continue till the
following Wednesday, which will be com
mencement dar.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 20.—
Henry Burrowea Lathrop'. professor of
rhetoric and forensics at Stanford- Uni
versity, has accepted the position of as
sistant professor of English literature In
the University of Wisconsin and will
leave the Stanford faculty at the close ot
the present semester. It Is well known
that Professor Lathrop has not been In
harmonious relations with the authorities
&t Stanford since the dismissal of Dr.
Rcss, and that the change Is due to that
fact. His present move was hastened by-
President Jordan, who stipulated when ha
reappointed Professor Lathrop for next
year that his time at the university was
to cease definitely in Mar. 1002. . .
Professor Lathrop's . professorship at
Stanford is one of the very oldest, dating
back to 1892, the second year of the uni
versity's existence. He is widely known
about the bay and in literary circles
throughout the State as a writer and
critic as well as teacher. He is a Har
vard man. class of 18S9. For two years
before coming to Stanford he acted as In
structor in Enslish at Harvard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Action Directly. Due to
the" Forcing Out. of
Dr. Ross.
Professor Lathrop Quits
- the. University's
Facility.
STANFORD LOSES
NOTED EDUCATOR
j|—^ ENICIA. May 2O.-The annual
U/ conference of the State League
of IroQUois Clubs, to which dele
)K.-^S gates from other Democratic
clubs of the State had been in
vited, assembled here to-day with few
more than a score In attendance. Tho
meeting gave ho signs of the long antici
pated revivification of the party in this
State. Its feebleness serving instead to
demonstrate further the party's decrepit
condition.
The meeting was held in the courtroom
of th© Justice of the Peace, in the old
State Capitol. In an adjoining room the
youngsters of Benicia's juvenile band
"were giving an impromptu imitation of an
Indian show that is in town, and up. stairs
in the main hall something was occurring
that sounded like a Rip Van Winkle game
of nine-pins. In the conference Itself,
•when voices could be heard, it was gener
ally the tones of Clitus Barbour, Charles
Gildea or Walter Gallagher that were
soaring in spell-binding periods.
One thing alone gave the faithful cour
age and new hope. Fifty years ago, dur
ing the session of the first Democratic
State Convention, the # semi-centennial of
which was celebrated yesterday with so
much enthusiasm, it rained. To-day it
rained, and another long series of Demo
cratic victories is assured, say they.
Full ULst of Those Present.
The delegations present yesterday left
for the most part before night, and this
morning's conference, beginning at 10
o'clock, found the following present to de
cide the fate of the Democratic party in
California:
I Max Popper. Lawrence J. "Welch. Charles
Gild«a, Clltus Barbour, Edmond Godchaux,
Louis Metsger, Henry Bienfleld. William Cu
bery. E. T. Mlnnehan. J. C. Gorman. C. F.
Kimball, Charles H. Holcomb. W. H. Kline.
¦William Asmussen and Walter Gallagher of
Ban FranclEco; F. T. Gaven. Percy Douglas,
Assemblyman Arthur Williams and E. B. An
derson of Contra Costa County, and Herman
Hertzbrun of Benicia.
A list of accredited delegates, including
some hundreds ot names of eminent Dem
ocrats, was read, but those here given
were all who were in attendance.
The onlv revivification stunt that was
attempted was the election of Charles H.
Holcomb of fan Francisco as grand
sachem. The t-raves of the league look
to him to organize the Democrats of the
State into clubs and to unite the whole
into a harmonious, effective .machine.
Max Popper called the conference to or
der in the absence of Judge Cabanlss,
gTand sachem. After stating the object
of the meeting he said:
If the Republicans carry out their supposed
programme we believe that w« can put a can
didate Into the field who can triumph over th^lr
nominee. We do not need reorganization, as
was plainly stated yesterday,, but strengthen
ing the present organization is what Is neces
sary. We have faced much more serious situ
ations than that which confronts us now and
have defeated our adversaries. All we need is
the active Interest of you all In organisation
around the present nucleus afforded by the
State League.
As a committee on credentials Chairman
Pepper named Charles Gildea and Henry
Eienfield of San Francisco and Charles
Hoey of Martinez.
Clitus Barbour, Christian F. Kimball
and Joseph Rothschild of San Francisco,
Assemblyman Williams of Contra Costa
County and E. B. Anderson of Walnut
Creek were appointed as a committee on
platform and resolutions.
Tenets of the Iroquois.
A recess was taken until 1 o'clock, at
v.-hich time the committee on platform
and resolutions reported the following res
olutions, which were cdopted without de
bate: - - - S , .;.. r -, .
Resolved— That the Iroquois League of Cali
fornia at Its thirteenth annual convention at
Benicia, May 20, 1901, again reaffirm* iu alle
giance to the principles of true Democracy, as
fvr.ress<?d In the platform adopted at Kansas
City. July *, 1200:
That the Democratic party requires no reor
ganization. A political organization that
I>olled 6.400,000 votes can Bately claim alle
giance to its faith and confidence In its lead
ers sufficient to warrant the organization to
proceed undisturbed to strengthen the recog
nized authority of the National Democratic
party, and we purpose to lend our aid to the
perfected organization to tne end that we may
achieve victories in the future, enlisting In our
ranks men imbued •with Democratic principles,
and we prefer that plutocrats, masquerading
as Democrats, ally themselves to the party
representative of accumulative wealth and
allied to the dominating trusts.
Resolved: First— That we reaffirm the prin
ciples of Democracy set fortn In our first
Democratic State platform;
Second— That the far-seerag • statesman.
Thomas Jefferson, constantly declared that
the preservation of the liberties of the peo-
Prom Vancouver to Sydney in
* a Thirty-Eight-Poot
Two Adventurers About
v to Start on Perilous
v uydgo.
ACROSS THE SEA
IN FRAIL CANOE
SUISUN, May 20.— Rain began falling
here this morning about 9 o'clock and
continued In showers throughout the day,
the rainfall amounting to about a half
Inch. There are possibly 5000 tons of hay
cut and in the fields in this vicinity. It is
not believed i it will be damaged much if
the weather . clears up to-morrow. Some
damage may result . to the : cherry.' .crop,
but" it will not be serious. The rain will
be of great benefit to growing beets which
are now in fine condition. v. ;¦-'. ¦..
WOODLAND, May 20.— There ' waa . a
light shower to-day and tho indications
are that there will be more to-night. A
heavy rain at this timewould be a calam
ity. It would result in damage to th© hay.
crop, -much of which has 'already been
cut, but is not yet under shelter, and.it
would knock down a great-, deal of
mer fallowed grain. ¦-- '• ¦'"¦": :*'-
REDWOOD CITY, May 20.— Rain com
menced falling here shortly before ' noon
to-day 'and . continued at intervals
throughout the day. No appreciable dam
age Will be done. Indications point to
continued 'shower* throughout the night.
SANTA ROSA, May 20.— Rain continued
almost without intermission all day and
to-night shows no sign of cessation. No
damage is likely. i
SAN RAFAEL, May 20.— A light ralrt
commenced here this . morning and con
tinued throughout the- day and night. . It
is general in Marin County, and will oc
casion some damage . to hay and fruit
crops.
PACIFIC GROVE, May "20. —Light rain
has fallen hereabouts at intervals since
noon to-day; accompanied by high west
erly winds. ¦"',-,"••
STOCKTON. May 20. — Rain began fall
ing here this morning, there being a
steady downpour. There is little or no
need of moisture at this time, and should
the storm be of any dimensions it will be
bad for hay that has been cut. .
SACRAMENTO, May 20.— Rain began
falling here shortly after,. 1 o'clock this
afternoon. Considerable hay is down, but
it is not believed much damage will be
done. The rain wilkbe of benefit to fruit.
SAN JOSE, May • 20.— Shortly before
noon to-day it began to rain. Nearly all
the hay has been cut and the only dam
age, if the fall be heavy, will come to the
grain. Fruits will be benefited.
- JAMESTOWN, May 20.— A series of
showers throughout Tuolumne County
this afternoon did considerable damage,
most farmers having hay down. The pre
cipitation amounted to one-half inch.
SANTA CRUZ, May 20.— Showers have
fallen continually to-day and this evening.
Special Dispatch' to Tho Call.
Counties in Central Cali
fornia Report Fair ;;
Rainfall.
Slight Damage Is Done to
Hay, but Fruit Crops .;
Are Benefited.
SHOWERS COME
AS A SURPRISE
Only a Score of Delegates Attend the Conference of the
League of Iroquois Clubs.
DEMOCRACY'S REYIVIFI CATION
BEARS EARMARKS OF A FROST
1 THE SAN FKA3NC1SCO CALL, TTXESbAY, MAY 21, 1901;
3
CHARLES H. HOLCOMB, GRAND
SACHEM OF THE LEAGUE OF
IROQUOIS CLUBS.
ADVERTISEBIEirrSL
Kj jf Xf*T5*Jf £*it W*w ft* u ¦
The popular idea expressed in the
phrase, - n the art of self-defense," -«hows
the opinion that the chief er-imiea a man
has to defend himself froi? are visible
and ""external. But the real danger of
every man is from minute and often in-
visible foes. In the air we breathe and
the -water we drink are countless minute
organisms leagued against the health of
the body. ••........
The one defense against these enemies
is to keep the blood pure. Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery thoroughly
purifies the blood, removing poisonous
substances and accretions. When the
blood is pure there is no harborage for
the germs of disease which find a lodg-
ing only when the blood la impure and
corrupt.
"I consider your 'Golden Medical Discovery'
ose of the best rardieines oa the face of the
rarth." writwi Mr. Wm. Morter, of Redoik,
Montgomery Co.. Iowa. "While in the iiouth-
west. three 'ycara ejo. I got poUoned with poi-
son ivy. Tlie votoon settled in ray blood and
the horror* I suffered cannot be told In wordt.
I thoug-ht I would jro crazy. • I tried different
kinds of tn«*.jcinc. tried different doctors, but
tiY. the relief they could give me wu to make my
pocket-boolc lighter. I then bejaa talcing; Dr.
Vierce's Golden Medical Discovery. Took four
bettle* withw.t relief. Kept talcisg it. I took
in all ten botllcn Mt-.d got entirely cured."
Dr. Pierce's 1'leasant Pellets cure con-
eiipation.
Do you want to make $100?
I can do it f Jr you, or I can make
6I0OO for you. I have a propo-
sition on hand that ought to pay
10 for I. It depends on you
whether vou invest $IO»OO or
$!00.0O. Get in with me NOW.
JAMES R. OERSHO.V,
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
B37, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT BDC, S.F.
The Label Guarantees the Clothing:
The Union Label- on any manufactured article stamps the making of that article as first
class and encourages the trade of all men and women who believe in good work, good wages
On clothing, however, the Union Label means vastly more. It stands for the strictest
sanitary conditions— -it; assures cleanliness as well as skill; it means; union cutters, union' taiK
,ors— all skillful, clever men; it is a full guarantee that the garments are; made in clean,, light
airy workshops and are the proper clothes for you to wear.
This high standard of the label is due to the union itself — to its strict rulesrand the care
with which they are enforced.; < .
"We sell union-made •clothirfg of our own make direct to the customer and save him all
...'....'¦¦ . ' '.'¦¦.¦'.'•¦:. ' "¦* * ' '". • ' ' .¦¦¦'¦¦ •' ¦ ¦
' The cool waveSvOf evening that follow the warmth of midday make, the possession of
: a box overcoat a necessity. At least it is safer to ,own one than be without— besides it is
the proper thing. A box overcoat is light and comfortable — quite suitable for summer even-
ing wearJ ¦ >
We have a line of covert box overcoats in three shades — tan, olive and brown—that
have been reduced from $io oo to
N We reduced them because we had too many of them — reduced them now because there
was; a demand. They arc strictly union made and guaranteed. .... ~
Boys' Clothing Department.
i In endeavoring to, clothe a family we begin with the little' fellow 'about two and a half
years of age and please him arid His mother. At every age from there up we have suits and over-
coats of our own" make, carefully and strongly, made for the, hard usage, and wear boys are .sure
«to' give them. By pleasing the mothers we soon get their husbands' trade.which we continue to
hold through our values. ¦; .
Mothers, visit our boys'-'department— you will find a large spacious' floor devoted to
children's, "boys' "and youths" clothing, furnishings and hats, all at money-saving prices.
Baseball .outfit: free with every boy's overcoat or 'suit 'from : $2 50 up.
-¦ 718 Market Street. . nI -A FEW OF THE EXPERT MARKSMEN WHO FOUND OTHER THINGS TO AMUSE THEMSELVES WITH BESIDES
SHOOTING} AT A WOODEN EAGLE. ' THE DANCING PAVILION WAS FULLY AS POPULAR WITH THEM AS
¦ . . THE RANGE. . ' '. .
There will be exhibits from all over tb«
world at the Buffalo exposition which will
prove very interesting to' all who may attend,
but no more so than the news that the famous
remedy Hosteler's Stomach Bitters, will cure
dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation, bilious
ness and nervousness. ,To all sufferers from
the above complaints a trial is recommended,
with the assurance that when honestly used
a cure win be effected. It also tones up the
entire system. "
Exhibits at Buffalo.
HAZLETON, Pa., May 20.— A body of
water and loose coal to an abandoned
coal mine was accidentally tapped
shortly before noon to-day in the Silver
Brook colliery seven miles from here,
and Samuel Klinger and two others,
named Gallagher and CDonnell. are
missing. Men are digging their way
to the parts of the mine where the acci
dent occurred.
Miners Buried Under Loose CoaL
Duty Must Be Collected on Value of
Product When It
Arrives.
"WASHINGTON, May 20.— Tha United
States Supreme Court to-day decided the
case of the American Sugar Refining Com
pany vs. the United States in favor of the
contention of the sugar company. The
casa was a proceeding to determine
whether duty should be collected upon
the value of sugar when it Is snipped or
when it is landed, the value having in
creased while the weight decreased by
virtue of it3 drying out while In transit.
The court 'affirmed the decision of the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit, which held that the tariff assess
ment must be on the basis of the value
upon arrival. . •
DCECISION HT FAVOR
OP THE ST7GAH COMPANY
already the preliminary work of the re
gatta committee in arranging the details
and mapping . the course is almost com
pleted.
The committee met last evening in the
office of the secretary, J. C. Brickell, and
decided upon the turns and the placing of
the buoys of the course and the starting
rules. The course will be the same as
usual, but there will be several changes
In the rules governing the rounding of the
buoys. It has also been decided to shorten
the time within which yachts must cross
the line from ten minutes to five minutes,
and also to shorten the interval between
the starting of the classes from ten min
utes to nve minutes. , * _ '„ '
The start will as usual be from the foot
of Powell street wharf, and from that
point the entire course can be seen. All of
the fastest yachts of the club have al
ready been entered, and the regatta, prom
ises to be one of the most successful ever
given by the club. -
Arranging for Buoys and
Stakeboats for New
Course.
Regulations Regarding Turns
and Time Limits Slight
ly Altered.
The annual regatta of the Corinthian
Yacht Club will be held on May SO, and
READY FOR RACE
OF WHITE WINGS
.Doell Brings Down Bird,
'.The big target by that time was practi
cally shattered and the marksmen settled
down in an effort to bring down the gal
lantblrd and attach the premier honors of
the day. Despite wind and clever shoot
ing the target refused to be dislodged
until with a well-aimed, and calculated
sight Doell carried off the palm and was
declared king of the Schuetzenfest. .> ¦'...
' Seated on a- table surrounded by empty
beer kegs and miscellaneous glassware
the king was triumphantly borne to the
pavilion amid the noisy strains of a big
brass band. There he was to taste the
full glories of his feat.. A big bouquet of
roses made into the form of a huge yoke
was placed about his neck and while the
band played and his brethren cheered he
received aji*osculatory greeting from Miss
Edna Lamar that sounded like the echo
of a Mauser rifle from a Philippine jungle.
Miss Nora Garms performed the same ser
vice for Henry Utschig, the retiring king,
who. In turn received a floral gem as big
and knocked it into smithereens with- one
of the cleanest shots of the day. John
Tiedemann next secured the "apple" and
would doubtless have landed the king's
prize but for a sudden shift of the wind
which -moved the target. Henry Meyer
landed the "scepter" on his second at
tempt. F. P. Schuester gathered honors
by bringing down the head.
OTTAWA. Ont., May 20.— The joint high
commission, representing this country
and the United , States, Is expected to re
sume its sittings during the present sum
mer. Sir "Wilfrid Laurler, the Premier,
in his speech on the British Columbia
Judges' bill to-day, alluded to the diffi
culty, of bring prisoners from Dawson
City across the strip of territory at
Skaguay claimed by the United States
and occupied by them under the terms of
a modus - vlvendl. Sir Wilfrid remarked
that this Question was one the high com
mission could deal with when it resumed
its sittings, as he hoped would be the
case in the course of the present summer.
Although • nothing further official can be
obtained on the subject It Is likely that
the meeting will take place in the fall,
probably at Quebec. The Premier intends
to visit the-Paciflq Coast and the Yukon
shortly after the session and has made
engagements which will keep him going
for the next three months.
From Dawson.
Difficulty of Bringing Prisoners
Will Take Steps to Remove Existing
JOINT HIGH COMMISSION
TO MEET THIS SXriOEEB
Bowling— J. Thode, E. Ipsen and Hy Stelllng.
Bird— R. Stettin and W. Goetze..
Wheel of .fortune — W. C. Morken, August F.
Meyer, • E. Algeltinger. D. Saltfield. E. Stehn,
A. W. Pape. E. Goetze. L. H. Barner, L. Hof
mann,' S. Heino. August Eggert, J. Lankenau
H. Hellberg and J. i Beutler.
• F. H. Cranz acted as floor manager.
Shooting— O. Lemke. Hy Stelllng. R. Stettin
W. Goetze. • E. . . Goetze, N. Ahrens and J.
Beutler. . - ;
The committees in charge of the
Schuetzenfest were as follows: ' •
Arrangements — George Alpers, chairman- K
"Wertheimer. secretary; Hy Koster. treasurer:
J. Thode, R. Stetfin, S. Heino, J. Beutler, L.
H. Barner. Al, W. Pape, Hy SteHing, W.
Goetze, J. Lankenau. "W. C. Morken, O ]Jem^
ke. E. Ipsen, F. H. Cranz. Aug. F.' Meyer Ed
Stehn, Hy ' Hellberg, D. Saltfield. E. <?oetze*
1*. C. Hotmann, N. Ahrens, August Exgert
and E. Afgeltlnger.
;Prize»-Hy Stellingr. I>- Saltfleld and K. Ip-
Committees in Charge.
as the hull of the Ohio.
Following the shooting contest came the
dancing, which continued until nightfall.
It was one of the most enjoyable festivals
given in the history of the verein. The
prize winners were:
.Crown, E. Goetze; apple. John Tiedemann;
scepter. Henry Meyer; head, F. P. Schuster:
rtght wing, John D. Helse; left wing. L.
garner ; right claw, H. StelHng. tall. John
Plath; king prize. Edward Doell. -
During the, last century the Bible was
translated Into 250 languages and It is
now accessible to nine-tenths of the
world's population.
Batteries — Hart and "Wood; Frlske and Bue
low.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— Washington to-day
captured another rame from Philadelphia by
a batting rally In the ninth inning. Attend
ance. 3420. Score.
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Washington 5 10 1
Philadelphia 4 7 ¦' 2
Batteries— Lee and Grady; Fraser and Mur-
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. May 20.— Chicago lost to
day because of- errors. Attendance, 1162. Score.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 6 2
Philadelphia - 6 6 2
Batteries — Waddell and Kllng; White and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— Dwyer. •
CLEVELAND. May 20.— Cleveland was un
able to bat Frlske at all to-day, while after
the flfta Inning .Detroit batted • Hart all over
the field. Attendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs— R.' H. E.
Cleveland '.. 1 10 ' 6
Detroit 13 12 2
Results of Contests in American and
National I>e agues.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES:
Probable Winners.
First race— The Miller. Almoner. Ralston
Second race — Rey Dare, The Gafflr, Master
CaL - :-.•..
Third race— Rory Ough, Glendennlng, Esca
lante. - • • •' 4
Fourth race— Good Hope. St. Cuthbert, Ar
ticulate.
Fifth race— Mocorito, Snips, Wallepsteln.
Sixth race— Pat Morrissey, Formero, Cas
4ale. f
Birth race— One mile and 100 yards; four-year
olds and upward; selling.
244S Pat Morrissey. .11: 1 2447 Casdale 107
2415 Formero life 2444 Alicia Ill
2450 Rio Chico 113 2474 Montallade 107
2474 J. McCleevy....ll? 2445 Merops 113
2471 Sunello 109 2475 Castake 115
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
2105 Ringmaster ....121 2470 First Shot 112
247* Ostler Joe 117 2156 Jack McCabe... 114
23P9 Snips 112 2473 Xovla ......112
«2473)Mocorito 119 2428 Decoy 119
<245S)McAlbert 121 2462 Tizona 112
2405 Wallenstein ... 119 J 2474 Lost Girl 119
. Fourth race — Sir furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
l2465)Tellowtail 122!(2402)St. Cuthbert....ll2
24BS Flatterer 34 j 2404 J. Richelieu Jr. 90
1465 Articulate ......104i(2479)Good Hope 91
Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
purse.
f246S)Escalante 110! 2468 Kvea G..... *."... .102
<2419)Glendennlng- ...107| 2452 Lilly Dale 97
S419 Coal O. Johnny.110 <2460)Rory Ough 110
.... Pheny L ICTj 2464 Big Massie 100
2255 E. M. Bratta.in.105' 246S Dandy .....110
First race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1474 Scr'nwell Lake. SS| 2462 Racetto ........112
2455 Ralston 11S'(236S)I Don't Know. .115
2428 Almoner 115 j<1240)Torlbio 115
2448 Barney F 112 U24T0)Saul of Tarsus. 112
2456 Mike Rice 115 2462 Dr. Nembula...ll5
(2410)L. Oieveden...ll0K242S)The Miller 115
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds; sell
ing.
5476 Matilda. O 103J 24T6 Cerro Santa 105
2435 Key Dare 105 2446 The Gaffir 10S
2446 Master Cal 105 .... Our Choice 105
2459 Follow Me 105 2422 Alpha Lee 103
23M Sisenvine 105 2407 Arion 105
2435 La Calma 103
To-Day's Entries.
It appears the ride of Ruiz on Meehanus
did not please the judges, and the young
man was cautioned about being careless
on such short-priced ones. .*-
Eleven bookmakers weighed in for the
three days. Virginia Carroll and Hoff
mann & Co. were the absentees.-
From iate Montana advices, the recent
ly passed gambling ordinance does not In
any way affect pool-selling on horse races.
Track Notes.
A shabby genteel bunch lined up in the
closing mile and fifty yard selling affair.
When the flag fell Ransch took Harry
Thatcher, a 7 to 1 shot, away in front,
and the outsider was never caught. Pa
rader, the favorite, finished in the place,
eight lengths before Burdock.
p-npsa HE entirely unexpected downpour
I of rain almost caused a panic
I among the handlcappers and re-
II suited in the overthrow of four
favorites that "should have won"
at Oakland yesterday. Despite the j in
clemency of the weather there was no
diminution in. the attendance. J-
Ransch. who heretofore has never ap
peared at his best In umbrella time, pilot
ed three winners by the judges first, add
ing still further to his popularity.
Barren of any special feature, the rac
ing opened with a five and a half furlong
run, for which Mamie Hildreth was
backed down to mild favoritism. Stuart,
who rode the mare, put up a lifeless sort
of effort, and Ransch landed the 6 to 1
shot Gaylon Brown first after being in
front all the way. Lief Prince lost the
Ehow to Phil Archibald, an outsider.
"Pi" Ruiz met with better luck on
Tyranus. favorite for the two-year-old
dash at five furlongs. He was away well
to a nice start, and placing daylight be
tween his mount and the field in the sail
home, beat Quadra, a 12 to 1 shot, easily.
Ransch, astride Pepper Lance, lost second
position by a head only-
Bookmaker Caesar Young's horse, Mee
hanus, gave a somewhat disappointing ex
hibition- In the third event, finishing third
to Grafter and Cromwell, the latter a o0
to 1 outsider. Grafter had his price forced
down from threes to 8 to 5, and with 103
pounds up, made a runaway race of it.
•winning hands down. Meehanus remained
a consistent favorite in the betting, and
after keeping the leader close " company
until the paddock was reached, there be
gan to flatten out, losing the place by
three lengths.
Collis, who gained some renown around
the California circuit last season, had the
leg up on Good Hope in the selling sprint
at six furlongs. After opening at 8 to b
the odds about tSe mare drifted to 5 to 2,
and Alee went to the post favorite. The
raca was run just to suit Good Hope.
Amasa, Nullah and Alee went away from
the barrier at a killing clip, and when
they faltered, Collis on the Young entry
made his move. The mare . took the lead
and scored as Bhe pleased from the favor
ite, vith Nullah third.
Always at home in splashy going, Dr.
Rowell's brown gelding Malay was in
stalled favorite over Goldone and Donator
for the mile and a sixteenth selling num
ber. He upheld his reputation by drawing
away from Goldone In the stretch, beat
ing the^ latter horse out a neck at the
wire, with a trifle in reserve. Rio Shan
non was scratched from the event.
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAND.
Harry Thatcher , One of the Surprises at
OakIand=-=Me^hanus Finishes Third.
FOUR FAVORITES ARE
MUD-SOILED AND WEARY
>W. F.: Plpher, receiver, Is selling, ladies'
$3 shoes and ties for 75c a pair, j This ; sale'
Is not going, to \last much; longer;", so "you
had better come and' get- a pair. 'A Large
sizes as well as small can be had for 75c a:
pair at the bankrupt shoe sale of the Call-'
forfcia Shoe Company, 1506 Market street, 1
above City; Hall avenue. ¦ .' :¦-"; . •
75c a: Pair . of . Shoes.
ASKS TO HAVE DECREE .;
; OF DIVORCE SET ASIDE
LONDON, May 20.— The Marchioness of
Anglesea j to-day made -a somewhat |re3
markablo application ,: to ... Sir ; Francis'
Jeune." president of the divorce division of
the. High Court of . Justice, asking; the
court to rescind the divorce ' granted her.
November 7 \ last. : Justice ; Jeune | charac-'
terlzed' the .whole case 'as a 'most extraor-*
dlnary ; onej ¦ and" decided to»'hear- the> ap-'
plication in camera on. May. 23.. 1 -"' : : V
> '•* LIMA; " Peru, ,May i 20.— The'-' Peruvian
Cabinet crisis has been arranged, but it is
certain | that • the Ministry .will • be obliged
to resign after . the opening of the I Peru
vian Congress, which will occur July 28.
Crisis 7 - in • Peruvian Cabinet.
120 pounds. • ¦ . , ., , . ,ic
. The • star event is the ' fifteen-round go'
between "Kid" Williams, the -Los An
geles boxer, and George Johns of Austra
liq. to box at 144 pourffls.. This will bo
Johns' first ; appearance in this country."
He came from the antip6des with a good
ring: record.' v. .' .'....•¦;'
NIGHT OF BOXING AT
THE RELIANCE CLUB
Matches Between Clever Boxers Slake
Sporting Men Eager for the >
- Evening's Events. ' y\
OAKLAND; May 20.— With two . fifteen-*;
round goes' and, one ten-round contest on
the programme the Reliance Club direc
tors think they have a bill that will at
tract lovers of the fistic art to the bigr^
gymnasium to-morrow evening, when the.
monthly tournament will be held. '¦ -The'
opening match will be for. tens rounds be-"
tween Jack Capellss of the Reliance Club
and James Davis of Philadelphia, at 123 "
pounds. The men are credited with good!
records and promise fast work. ,7
"Kid"McFadden and Bobby Martin will 1 '
meet for a fifteen-round contest, weight'
The fight against slavery in this country
was a prolonged one. In 1775. In the city
of Philadelphia, the first anti-slavery so
ciety was organized.
20.— Stanford's Varsity football team, will
be weakened by the absence of two and
possibly three of its veteran players, who
up to this, time were expected to return
for the coming 1 season. . It •was learned
to-day that J. G. de "Forest, who for two
years played guard on the big eleven, will
probably not return to college in time to
take part in the annual game. He has
joined a surveying- party, which will de
tain him in Alaska till late next fall.
Carroll Seeley, right guard and the most
aggressive man in the cardinal .team last
fall, will leave colleere in a few days for
Sumatra, where he has accepted a perma
nent position.
The third player whom Stanford may
lose is Traeger, the giant tackle who wen
the game for the cardinal last year by
his neat place kick from the field. It
was announced a few days ago • that he
would go. to Harvard next year, -but it Is
more than probable that he will return to
Stanford in the fall. If he does he is the
logical candidate for; captain -in his last
year. . .
-However, . the prospects for. Stanford
turning out a winning team next fail are
by no means blue. Hamilton, tackle . on
the Reliance team; -Keddie and Volz, full
backs on the Nevada University the
Berkeley High School teams respectively,
will wear cardinal jerseys for the first
time when college opens in September.
The beat men on the second eleven will
also return.
TMrd May Go to' Har
vard.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal,, May
Two Star Players Drop Out and a
STANFORD'S FOOTBALL
* TEAM IS WEAKENED
NEW YORK; May 2».— Morris -Park summa-
Tie*: ¦' I.-;- -? f ..:¦ ¦¦•'• : !-f.*.: I.-;-"-
One mile and three-quarters. Zoo hurdle han
dicap—Monroe Doctrine, won. Magic Light sec-'
ond. Dalllon third. Time. 3:23. >:'-,-.¦
Six furlongs, selling— Robert -' Metcalf won.
Federalist second. Curtsey third. Time, 1:12%.
Four and a half furlongs, Throggs Neck,
eelling — Valledo won, Honolulu second, James
Fitz third. Time, :53%. '""" ' .^
Seven furlongs, Bronx Park handicap—Thor
oughbred won, Semlnole second, Belvlno third.
Time,' 1:33. ' *•¦¦¦
Seven furlongs— The Rhymer won, Black Fox
second Balloon third. Time, 1:33%.
One mile selling— Animosity won. Matt Simp
son second, Lanceman third. Time, 1:46%.
ST. LOUIS, May 20.— Fair Grounds summa
ries:
One mile and three-alxteenths," selling-—Ran
som won. Mystery second, Stuttgart third.
Time, 2:06.
Four and a half furlongs, purse— Lou HazeL
won Roy Cross second, Maria Elenea third.
Time, :56. .,,,„,-
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Ed L won,
Ida Carbery second, Queen Anne third. Time,
1:03%. • • • ' • - • " ' , '
One mile— Wax Taper won, Dissenter second,
Felix Bard third. Time. 1:45%. .•¦•¦¦ \
One mile and ' a sixteenth, selling — Ethel
"Wheat won Chopin second, Beana third. Time,
1:49%. -. ' ¦
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Celtic Bard
won, Morris Volmer second, Zonne third. Time.
1:54.
CINCINNATI, ' May 20.— Newport summaries:
Seven furlongs— Ida Qulcktime won, Brown
Vail second. Ahamo third. Time. 1:28%.
Four furlongs— Lena A won, Hullabaloo sec-,
ond. Bud Embry third. Time, :49. t
Six furlongs — Amarosa won, Francis Hees
second, Grandma II 'third. Time, 1:15.
¦ Seven furlongs— Quaver won, ! Leetka second,
Remp third. Time, 1:28.
One mile and a sixteenth— Edna Garry won.
Filibuster second, [ Banquo , II third. Time,
One mile, selling— Charlie Daniels won, Gov
ernor Boyd second. Elsie Dell third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGO, May 20. — Worth summaries:
Four and a half furlongs — Little Scout won,
Brlssac second, Hat Mitchell . third. Time,
:D6 2-5. . - .
. Six furlongs, selling— Emma C. L'. won. Fed
eral second, Zacatosa third. .Time, 1:14 2-5. -
T5ix furlongs, selling— Minyon won, Boome
rack second, John Grigsby third. Time, 1:14 3-5.
One mile and 100 yards— Walkenshaw won,-
Myth second, Andes third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
One mile, selling— Ida V won, Parmencen sec
ond. About third. Time, 1:22 2-5. . "
One mile and 100 yards, selling— Dagmar won,
Ollie J second, Tobe Paine third. Time, 1:48.;,,
CINCINNATI. May 20.— Latonia summaries:' 1
Six furlongs— Brief won,* Faraday "Jr. second.
Full Dress third. Time, 1:15%. • '
Four and' a half furlongs— Throstle w6n, Lulu
Flight second, Sting third. • Time, :56%.
Six furlongs— Bill Massle won, Sim. W second,
Piramo third. Time, 1:22%.
One mile and seventy yards — Sprung . won,
Enghurst second, Fantasy third. ¦ Time, 1:48. \
Four and a half furlongs— Mabel Wynn, won,'
Jigger second, McChesney third. Time, :56%. ¦;.
Six furlongs— Thornwlld won, 1 Olcott second,'
Ida Hulett third. Time, 1:17. " '.
EASTERN RACES.
. . little • ROCK/ Arkr, ' ' May . : 20.— The :
Southern' Presbyterian' General < Assembly
to-'day declined to grant ,the ;request : of
the Brownwood ':'¦ (Texas) Presbytery to
expunge 'from ; the -pastoral letter the I
words "Dancing, s which . is . innocent. ; _
"Will Not Modify, Pastoral Letter.
STOCKTON, May 20.— This city is in the
hands of the. Knights of Pythias of Cali
fornia, who will convene in Grand Lodge
session to-morrow. Every lodge of the
order in the State Is represented and in
many Instances the visiting Knights are
accompanied by their families or friends.
In addition to the Knights of Pythias
Grand Lodge, the Rathbone Sisters are to
meet here in annual Grand Temple ses
sion to transact all business pertaining t»
that large and constantly increasing or
ganization. % In conjunction there will be
held also ' the .annual assembly of the Uni
form Rank, the military feature of the
Knikhts of Pythias.
. The local committee has i Its arrange
ments well in hand. -Headquarters in the
Yosemlte Theater building were opened
formally yesterday. A postomce will be
conducted in connection with,, the head
quarters. ' .The work .of decorating. th«
business houses has ' been completed. ¦: :.
Among the distinguished arrivals are
Major. General' . Carnahan, head of the
Uniform Rank of the order, and Brigadier
General "William , Powell . of /. Indianapolis ;
Grand Chancellor Jeter, Grand Keeper of
Records and Seal Schaff ner, • Grand Vic©
Chancellor L... S. Calkins of Nevada City
and Grand -Inner Guard C. Vermaaon or
Peiris." '• j « ¦ >-?¦'¦¦¦ '--';.¦'¦'¦¦' •¦- ¦'< •¦•'/. '¦¦'--"., ¦
The majority of the grand officers -of the
Rathbone Sisters arrived - at noon ¦ to-day
and were met at the strain by the local
reception committee.'. " "¦-.¦' -.. '¦¦""•'_,,, ¦- '¦'
The sessions of the Grand Lodge will be
held in •> Masonic Music Hall,- owlngr to ¦ It
having- greater seating:: capacity .than
rPytbi an Castle. .••¦¦¦¦¦• ¦', ¦ - ,v ; -' ™-"
To-night at a public reception Mayor VT.
B. Harrison welcomed the j visitors and
William 5 T. Jeter, responded .on behalf of
the order. An Interesting programme fol
lowed.- .The; Courthouse was 1 illuminated
and, a^band. concert ..was ¦ given ¦ on the
plaza, r, Later inUhe. evening -the Grand
Lodge rank • was "¦ cqnf erred at Pythian
Half 1 on past chancellors. The majority j
of the officers will; ascend \in line of pro
motion, but, although. the election wfll not
take place until late in' the session. It was
said to-day that there s would ¦ be contests
for some of the offices. Among those of
fices for which there will ;be more than
one . candidate ¦ are ; the . following: Grand
Special Dispatch to The Call.
master at arms, prelatey trustee and su
preme representative. | JDr. - F. J. Bethel,
formerly of this city, but now of San
Francisco, is a candidate for the office
of grand master at arms. .
1 The City Board of Education, at the re
quest of the Grand Lodge committee, has
granted the school children a half holiday
for Wednesday afternoon, when the
parade of the Uniform Rank will take
place.
Grand Lodge Delegates and Rathbone Sisters
Will To=Day Begin Annual Sessions
in the Conquered City.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS ST ORM
CITADELS OF STOCKTON
, -4 ; — — | ¦ j
t^J YEN the driving rain, that con
]^ tinued throughout the day
" could not daunt the enthusiasm
' of the marksmen who assembled
yesterday at Shell Mound Park
to- participate in the second day's contests
of the annual prize shooting given by the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. It was
the forty-second celebration of the Ver
ein's May. festival. What the entertain-
rhent lacked in numbers when the rain
began to fall In torrents it quite made up
in \ fun - making and good - fellowship.
Weather conditions naturally had a de
cided effect on the scores, as a miniature
blizzard kept the wooden eagle on the
move for more than, three hours, and until
the final shot from a rifle in the hands of.
Kdward Doell, .who carried off the 'honors
of ; the day, . dislodged j the ; national bird
fromflts perch, the result ' was >, in doubt
and productive of the most intense rivalry
between the crack shots of the verein.
Early trains "carried the company of
shooters and their friends" from the mole
to Shell Mound Park.. After dancing had
occupied the throng for two hours the
shooting contest- began. . First among the
prize winners to score was Edward Goetze,
who drew a fine bead onjthe eagle's crown
Betting — Harry Thatcher, 7; Parader. 2; Bur
dock. 5; Sylvan Lass, 12; Alaska, 3; Formatus,
9; Begonia V, 50; Boardman, 20. .
2480. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a six
teenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, {350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. > %. S^r." Fin.
2467 Malay, 5. 108.. Alexander 3 In 11 1 '-n—
(2475)GolQOne, 4. 112.Bassinger'l 2 3 2 3 2 15
2439 Donator, , 6, 113.. Ransch 2 3- 3' 3
Time— 1-16, :07: %, :25; »4, :50%; ,%, 1:16;
mile. 1:43%; 1 l-16m. 1:49%. Good start. Won
easily. Second driving. Winner. Dr.- H. E.
Rowell's br. g. by imp. Pirate of Penzanije-
Mlss Thomas. The sloppy going pleased Malay.
Goldone Is only a moderate "mudder." Noth
ing detained Donator; he was simply out
footed. Scratched — Rio Shannon 112. .
Betting— Malay, 9-10; Goldone, 9-5; Donator,
5. • • .
2481. SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty
yards; celling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vz ' Str. Fini
2471 H. Thatcher, 4, IH.Rnch 113 12 1 Hi
<2423)Parader. a, 118 Ruiz 4 2 3 2'3 28 ,
2474 Burdock. 4, H4..Dingley 6 4 3 4 J 3 1
2447 Sylvan Lass, 5, 116. Prior 5 3 M 3 h 4 2
2453 Alaska. 6, 118. ...Sullivan 2 7 4 «"1 5 6
. 2423 Formatus. 4, 114.. Tullett 7 5 h 5 3 6 1
2411 Begonia V. a, 109.Russll 8 6 1 7 4 7h'
2447 Boa rdman. 5, 118.AIexdr 3 8 8 8 .
. Time-50 yards. :03^;' %, :24V, %, :49%; %,
1:1$%; mile, 1:44%; lm 50 yards, 1:48. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, P. Whitby's b. %. by imp. Pirate of
Penzance-Miss Lexington. Harry Thatcher
had the speed of the delegation. Parader
Eeemed to fall off the last sixteenth. Burdock
is good again and ought to win. Alaska ran
disappointingly. Scratched — Position 107.
Time— \4. :24; %. :49%; %; 1:16^. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Caesar Young's ch. m. -by' Col. Clark-
Gratitude. Race run just to suit Good Hope,
which sneezed In. Alee kept too busy the
first part; besides he is none too game. Xullah
did • her best. "Amasa played his hand out.
Dollie Weithbff forgot her rubbers. Scratched
— Torsina 105. ; * ' \
- Betting— Good Hope, 5-2: Alee. 6-5; Nullah,
15- Amasa, 10; Dollie Weithoff, 6; Rinaldo, 10.
24 7O. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olcfs and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. £ Str. Fin.
2161 Good Hope. 5, 105.. Collis 5 4 1 11 13
2489 Alee. 4, 107 Alexander 3 3 1 3 n 2 3
. 2455 Nullah, 4. 105..Bassingr 4 2 2 4 2 3 4
2473 Amasa. 6. 107 Tullett 2 1 n 2^46
2451 V Weithoft, 5, lOS.Rnsch 6 5 6 5 4 5 1
2456 Rinaldo, 6. 107 Hoar 16 6 6
Time-%, :lZVy, M, :24; M, :4S» / i; %, 1:16; %.
1:29%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. L. A. Blasingame's b.
g.. by Cicero-Leap Year. Grafter can always
pet the coin In umbrella time. Cromwell came
with a rush. Meehanus a disappointment- Too
damp, perhaps, for Flamero. Einstein busy at
a closing-out sale Scratched— Mike Rice 111,
El Mldo 111. Snips 109, Dunfree 97, Broadbrim
Betting— Grafter, 8-5; Cromwell, 30; Mee
hanus. 1; Flamero. 12; Spike, 10; Alturas, 150;
Einstein, 50.
247S. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350!
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2234)Grafter. 3. 103 Ransch 3 J_3 13 11
2157 Cr'mwell. a. lM.C.Russll 5 o 6 4 h 2 3
(245C)Meehanus. 5, 120.... Ruiz 1 2 % 2 M 3 V4
2456 Flamero, 5. Ill Collis 4 4h 5 5 4%
2439 Spike. 4. 103 Stuart 7 3 4 34 5 10
244S Alturas, 5, lll.Burlngme 2*7 6 16 5
2414 Einstein. 6. lll.BassInger 6 6 17 7
Time— 1.4. :13%; %, :23%; K, :5<H£; %.. 1:01
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, G.- Summers & Co.'s ch. g.,
by imp. Star Ruby-Tyranny. Ruiz gave win
ner A nice ride. Quadra no excuses. Pepper
Sauce not quit hot enough. Lento slow to set
away.
Betting— Tyranus. 9-10; Quadra, 12; Pepper
Sauce. 15; Estado. 13-5: Hon. Peter Sterling, 12;
Lento. 20; Clear Sky, 50.^
2-177. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; sell-
Ing; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.' Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2406 Tyranus, 115 Ruiz 2 1^4 1% 13
24S2 Qnadra. 116... Hennessey 1 '2 % 3 2 2 h
2452 Peppr Sauce. 118..Ransch'3 4 M 2 ',4 3 »,i
24S2 Estado, llS.....BassInffer 4 5 1 5 6 4 6
24o2 Hon. P. Sterl'g. llS.Hoar 5 3 h' 4 5 5
2464 Lento, 118 Greene 7 7 6 5 6 6
2464 Clear Sky. 115 Tallett 6 6 10 7 7
Time— 3-16, :1S%; 7-16, :43>4; 5»4f.. 1:10. Good
start: Won first three driving. Winner, J. . G.
Brown & Co.'b ch. g., by Service-Sunrise II.
Winner received most persuasive ride. Stuart
on Mamie Hildreth Is a lackadaisical sort of
saddle artist. Lief Prince a cripple. Parsifal
not especially fond of mud. Matilda O was
Farrellzed. Scratched— Sissenvlne 104, Lucera
102."
Betting— Gaylon Brown, 6;- Mamie Hildreth,
1S-5; Phil Archibald, 15; Lief Prince. 6: Par
sifal, 8: Cerro Santa, 10; Pegalong, 50; Matilda
O, 12; Bonitary SO; Cora Goetz, 5.
sloppy.
24761 FIRST RACE— Five and a "half fur
longs; feelling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.' Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2446 G. Brown, lM....Ransch 4 1 hi 1 1 1 }4
2430 M. Hildreth. 106... Stuart 7 4 »4 2 h 2 %
. 2430 P. Archibald, 107..Tullet 5 6 1 4 % 3 2
2407 Lief Prince, 107.... Hoar 1 5h 3h 4 J4
2434 Parsifal, 104.... Bassinger 2 3 1^62 5 V4
¦ 2416 Cerro Santa. 108..Aexndr 8 7 1 7 2 6 h
23CS Pegalong. 104. J. Alexndr 6 8 V4 8 17 4
2463 Matlldo O. 102. . . . Farrell 9 9 n 9 1 8 1
2416 Bonitary. 1C2.L. JacksonlO 10 10 9 1
2459 Cora Goetz, ie2....Fntlry 3 2 1 5 1 . 10
OAKLAND BACETBAOK — Monday,
! May 20, 1901.— Weather showery. Track
fHE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
The wind was fairly steady when they
started the running-- trial, .and the new
challenger drew away • in excellent
fashion. On- the short run from the Nab
to the Warner lfghtship she gained more
than a couple of minutes and passed the
Warner leading by three minutes and
four seconds. ' '
, From there home the wind was soft and
catchy and the gap was repeatedly closed
and opened as they ran- for their .' moor-
Iriesr- —-*---¦"*--— V--~ -'-""-— ".'. ¦ ¦. :. •¦ - ¦••
The time at the finish of the triangular
course of about seven miles was as fol
lows: \ -••'¦-¦. - ;
H. M. . S.
Shanjrock II ..........' 4 4 40
Shamrock I..". 4 ,5 25
'} The course gave them a fair.' test in
beating to windward and reaching free.
For the purpose of testing the yachts
down the wind, booms were squared
away and spinnakers were set. for a fin
ishing trial before the wind from ¦ the
Nab lightship, to Southampton water. The
Shamrock II continued to hold the lead
which she had gained over the triangular
•course. • '
-When they next went about they were
still close together, but as they hove
about at different times there was a con
siderable gap. As they stood off again
In a northeasterly direction, at this time
half an hour from the start, the boats
appeared to be practically on the same
footing as when they started. • Neither
had secured an appreciable advantage.-
Turning at the weather mark, the boats
started sheets and reached along the
wind for an island shore breeze. Soon af
ter they gybed around the Erin, still in
close company, but with the. Shamrock
II "leading. The booms went- over with
sheets well out for a broad and easy
reach for the line whence they started.
The challenger held her lead on this point
of sailing and was first to cross the line.
, Time at the Finish. ';
The first tack was to starboard and
they fetched along ten or fifteen minutes,
both lying equally close to the wind arid
apparently footing at about the same
speed. , The Shamrock I tacked . and the
challenger also came round under her
weather quarter. The challenger then
pulled up and the yachts fetched along,
beam for beam, in a long fast leg toward
the island shore. \ :-iV • "
No Appreciable Advantage.
When the Erin gave the signal to start
the challenger, as usual, was kept a trifle
in hand. She followed the Shamrock , I
about three lengths astern, but a length
to the windward. In a fine, fresh breeze
the boats heeled well over to the press
of their enormous : sails, making great
progress.
. Sir Thomas Lipton's steam yacht Erin
towed the yachts clear of the Isle of
Wight and then both set their lower can
vas. The challenger's new crosscut main
sail, though hoisted ' for the i first j time,
seemed to set to perfection, better even
than the mainsail of Shamrock II.
RIDE, Isle of Wight. May 20.— The. two
Shamrocks raced to-day over an open sea
course, the first leg of which is 'a' beat
from Calshot Castle to a mark outside
the t Nab lightship, and Shamrock II won.
The wind was steady from the. east and
was blowing, a club topsail breeze.
Challenger Proves Fastest in
Reaching and Her Wind- . r
ward Work Is Good.
Yachts Have a Splendid
Contest Off Isle of
Wight.
NEW SHAMROCK
BEATS THE OLD
WIND AND RAIN FAIL TO DIM
SUCCESS OF VEREIN'S SHOOT
Edward Doell Carries Off Schuetzenf est Honors and
Is Crowned King of the Festival.
¦...'-• -• ¦' -¦"¦•¦ ¦ • '-¦ " ¦¦ " ' • ' "¦ ¦ " ¦¦¦¦-¦¦ ..... i , - _ . .- _ . ¦ . . _ ¦•.;••-, ¦
THE :SAN ¦;¦ FRANCISCO /./PA-LiL; •{\t^SbAT^(;M^Y; ; ;;ai^;Tj9bl;
4
Dr. Sanden's ELECTRIC BELT
Ok AND Electric Herculex
WFREETRIJtL
My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex Body Battery iqoi
Model, with suspensory, cures weak men. . results of youthful errors, Im-
potency, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, etc Other attachments
used by women as well for Rheumatism, Stomach, Bladder Troubles etc
"Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night,. curing while'
you sleep.' Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by others) and
cither that or my new " Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days' r
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR. ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office for free consultation pt, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. ?lr.
DR. A- SANDEN. 6-O' Farrell .Street, San Francisco. Cala..
Office Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed. and Sat. Evenings until 9. Sundays 10 to x.
J Specia in Golf Shirts I
|W ">, Our New York buyer," who always has ah eye for pa
HI special buys/ recently, exercised his abllityto a good fa " - ! <; ',
- , O advantaej3., The. other.day he-shipped us ; anumber -¦ - S
.¦'of golf shirts which'he had purchased moat favor-'- ¦•
¦ *ably, : andnow you v get ¦•them t ' at .¦ a -.price" accord-. f i JSm
H The shirts are made-from good, washable andiun--. H
- # B ; f adable ¦ percale . in. liberal - sizes from ' 14 >. to 17 ; they - SB
comprise. :- f styllsh,-<*uiJ-to-datev' patterns - in 7 '. swell ? ; BB ' '
>;":; ¦ checks and ; stripes Un*: innumerable fColoringBj^pair "-"-^B
9 "of separate link cuffs; actual value.. 75c; our Mice' -'•'¦ -
STEER RIGHT
When you send your laundry out, and if
you're undecided about your course ask
any. well dressed man. He'll tell you our
laundry work 13 up to now in everything
to make your linen satisfactory. '. Prompt
calls and delivery of all bundles.
No saw edges. Prices right;
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street*.
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Off lce-54 San Pablo A ve.
j visit DR. JORDAN'S ORCAxi
JMUSEftrOF ANATOMY*
§ («P lQ51UA3ZXTST.ta.6*Ji*?.&,S.r.CaI.4
\. \\'\- ¦ Cj- Tbe Largest Anatomical Museum la the \
9 world. Weaknesses or any comractad d
' fig 35} disease p«sitiwei r cn r««l hvth e oldest T
• /SJSl s P« iaIl3 » ontl > e Coast Est Ja years. ©
d o|3£!i DR * J0RDAN - D 'SEASES OF MEN J
\ r ftJVftl Consultation free and strictly prints. \
§ 8 X*«£ fl Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\ 8 W H H ¦"•**¦»• C^""* u» erery case undertaken. T
OF it II W Write for Book. PBllOsdPav of A
\ 3- II uaaucE, MAiixa frbs. (aF
A (J {jr valuable book for mra) - \
f DB^OBDAX A €0^1051 Marfcet St. S. F. f
Afterthe FireJ
GUN STORE
Reopened at old number, 421 Kearny
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
and fir* to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount durlns
sale. Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs. Bend 3 cents for postage .of 100-
paga illustrated catalogue.
Dfi. MIL'S BELNYlGOBATOfiSR^g
Five hundred reward for any K^Jra^CT
case we cannot cure. This secret B imk
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, »__- n J]
euros Emissions, Impotency, Vari- paw sEa
cocele. Gleet. Fits, ffflfl ffl])|
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Cgj l**J
wasting effects of self-abuse or r£*l—^?*»'j
excesses.- Sent sealed. $3 bottle; 3
bottles. $5, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALJV3 MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. -
SIO \-^=r RUPTURE CURED
\\\tv/^*M2&!&W/. 'or TEM DOLLARS.
Thonsamis have been enred
'jm£5£&a|arx5k£EM£>- at their own home* for thu
@CT^™£JL'; fff? *^^i«5 or lotions to rub on. It does
\J s *— t * aa »-» the work. Investigate!
'•BoolIftS*. 1" eivfaur fall Information niailed. iinmedi-
»^onre^ipt?e^t?mr a^ .M-advt. CaUora-Mre^
HAMCTlCTBttSS 2QC p ost Sfc. SAM fBAHCISCO.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; Rives health and
strength to sexual organs... Depot. S23 Market..
O 1 TP- T\ fill 1 I -Corner Fourth and
ifftJUe* checked f re*.
¦ ¦Custom-House Appointments.
Customs Collector Stratton has appoint
ed John J. Egan to be watchman at the
Chinese Detention Sheds, and Frederick
Schramm to be Assistant Weigher in the
steel and will be so arranged that they
may be taken down and stored away
without being damaged. It is Intended
that the new booths shall be ready for
service during the next primary election.
The wheat fly feeds upon the flower of
the wheat, while the Hessian fly lays its
eggs in the stem; the former thus rentiers
the flower abortive, while the injury done
by the latter affects the whole olant.
Custom House. The names Trere taken
from the eligible list. Both men are wer
veterans. John Dunn, son of Chief Chin
ese Inspector- James R. Dunn, has been
appointed a Chinese Inspector at- thia
port. :'v:' i ,;;
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE. *
TO ARRIVE
In the year ending March, 1900, the num
ber of boys and girls educated free in
Berlin was 207,510.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
•of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States -Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
CALETA BCJENA— In port April 6— Ger ship
Nek, for San Francisco.
i HAMBURG— In port May 1— Ger bark Sees
i-tern, for. Astoria, Or.
| IQUIQUE— Sailed May 11— Chll bark Sull
i telma, for Port Townsend. •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May JS-Stmi
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong.
! GIBRALTAR— 'Arrived May 20— Stmr Werra,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.. •
; Sailed -May 20— Stmr Aller, from Genoa and
I Naples, for Ifew York.
I BREMEN— Arrived May 20— Stmr Lake Me
gantic, from Montreal, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW— Sailed May IS— Stmr. Laurentian,
for New York; stmr Livenlan, from Montreal.
¦ » ¦ ' / '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority-of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur i at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SHIELDS— Sailed May 18— Br ship Glen
caird, for San Francisco.
BARRY— Sailed May 19— Fr bark Marguerite
Molinos, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed May 19— Ger ship
Willkomen, for Rotterdam. ¦ . :
MAZATLAN— Sailed May IS— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
TYNE— In port April 21— Br bark Glenbreck,
San Francisco. . '
, - FOREIGN PORTS.
IPSWITCH-Arrived May 18— Br ship Hel
ensburrh, hence Jan 14.
BRISTOL— Sailed . May 13— Br ship Pericles,
Joseph Robb and Emanuel Freltas, two
of the deckhands on the river steamer
Columbia, had a friendly set-to yester
da5" Robb hit Freltas a hard crack on
the jaw and the latter retaliated with
an iron bolt. At the Harbor Hospital Dr.
von der Leith found that Robb's skull
was fractured, so Freitas was arrested
and charged at the Harbor police station
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
The steamer Conemaugh applied to the
Customs authorities yesterday for per
mission to go direct to Nome after call
ing at Seattle, Washington, and Van
couver, B. C. The permit was refused,
to the Conemaugh will have to call at
St. Michaels.
Captain Green has taken command of
the steamer Del Norte, Captain Johnson
of the Coquille River and Captain Thomp
son of the Chehalis.
The transport Sheridan will sail for
Manila on June 1. Some minor repairs
have to be made to her machinery, but
the Rlsdon Iron Works had to refuse the
job on account of the strike. The repairs
will be made by the engine-room crew.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Hansen Appeals.
J. Hansen, master of the wrecked Wil
lamette, has appealed to Supervising In
spector John Bermingham from the ac
tion of Captains Bolles and Bulger, sus
pending his license for the period of one
year.
Hew Plve-Masted Schooner.
The William Marston, launched last
Saturday, is now at Mission-street wharf,
where she will be masted and rigged. She
•will be one of the few five-masted
schooners on this coast, one of the others
being the Inca, now on Puget Sound, and
the other the old Louis, now in Willapa
harbor. The Marston is the larg-est ves
sel of her class ever built on this coast.
The steamship Horda 4 which struck an
¦uncharted rock in Oyster Harbor, reached
port yesterday. She will discharge and
go on the dry dock for inspection. Cap
tain E. H. Svendsen. in his report, says:
"We left Ladysmith at 5:10 a. m., May
35, and throe hours later struck three
times under the port bilge, listing the
vessel to starboard. We were running
full speed and passed over the obstruc
tion.
"When the Horda struck our bearings
were taken. We "had Ackland Island in
east one-half south, Channel Island east
southeast and the one-fathom patch buoy
three-quarter miles off in south three
quarters easi. showing from eig-hteen to
nineteen fathoms on the chart compiled
from the latest United States and British
surveys. At the time of the accident the
pilot, master and chief officer were on the
bridge."
Steamship Horda Was Damaged.
According to the news brought by the
America Maru shipping is having a hard
time of it in Oriental waters. The fine
new Peninsular and Oriental liner
Sobraon sailed from Shanghai on the* 3d
instant for London with a big list of
passengers but a small cargo. On the
morning of .May 4 she ran on Tajigyung
Island in a dense fog and will probably
be a total loss. The passengers were all
landed in safety, but as many of them
were missionary families, who had been
through all the horrors of the Boxer up
rising, the disaster was particularly hard
on tnem. The Sobraon was built last
year and was on her second voyage. She
vas 7240 tons burden and 6500 horsepower.
A. number of steamers and tugs, includ
ing a British man of war, were sent to
the assistance of the stranded vessel, but
when the America Maru sailed the
chances of salving the vessel were very
Elight.
The American ship R. D. Rice, owned
by the California Ship Company, is lying
at the bottom of Kobe harbor. She
brought a load of 30,000 cases of kerosene
from Philadelphia to Japan, but soon
after her arrival the oil caught lire and
when the vessel was nearly burned to the
water's edge she was scuttled.
An inquiry was held before the United
States Consul and it then came out that
Captain W. W. Winn had refused his
men shore liberty. Three of them, named
John Morrisey, C. Gussen and A. Len
gers, took a lantern from the boatswain's
room, then removed the forward hatch
and went down into the hold among the
kerosene. They hoisted on deck twelve
planks and then after getting on deck
themselves they replaced the hatches.
With the planks they made a raft and
escaped ashore: Half an hour later the
ship was afire. Neither cargo nor ship
was insured. No decision had been
reached in the case when the Maru sailed
and a subscription was being taken up
for the crew, who had lost everything.
Henry Richards, cne of the crew, was
a sailor on the Baring Brothers when she
was burned in Kobe harbor three years
ago. He was at tirst suspected, but the
confession of the other men cleared him.
The British tramp steamer Adato. now
taking on railroad ties at Mission-street
wharf for South. America, is still remem
bered in Japan. She got into trouble
ovqt a cargo of coal she carried from
Moji and Captain J. M. Mclntyre is being
sued in the Yokohama courts for 10,706.79
yen by W. M. Strachan & Co., Ltd. The
ship is out under bonds and the captain
is represented by Japanese counsel.
Captain Lewis of the British ship Liv
erpool, now loading here for Europe, will
be sorry to hear that Dick, Bruhn & Co.
of Kobe had to pay a fine for doing him
a good turn. ' The Liverpool made a very
Ions' passage and was off the coast of
Japan for nearly a month before she
cauld get in. Running short of provi
sions' Captain Lewis was glad to pur
chase some rice from a Japanese vessel.
Finally the Liverpool got close enough to
be reported and Dick, Bruhn & Co. sent
a launch out to the vessel. Captain Lewis
told about all hands being on very short
allowance, so the launch went back to
Kobe and brought out a supply of pro
visions. After the Liverpool had sailed
for San Francisco the Customs authori
ties learned that the launch people had
boarded the vessel before them, so they
fined Dick, Bruhn & Co. 10 yen. It was
lucky the provisions were taken out to
the ship, as it was four days later before
she made port.
Twelve Japanese fishermen made a
phenomenal haul of fish. In fact they
captured - so many of the finny tribe
that the boat capsized under the load and
seven of the fishermen vrere drowned.
The other men escaped by swimming
ashore.
TB.0UBLES OF MANY SHIPS.
Steamship Sobraon Wrecked and the
Ship It. D. Bice Is Burned.
f»npdHE Toyo KIsen Kalsha's America
I Maru arrived from the Orient
I yesterday ahead of time. She
UL made the run from Hongkong in
twenty-six days fourteen hours
eighteen minutes, via Yokohajna, nine
teen days three hours forty minutes, and
Honolulu, live days twenty-two hours
twenty-six minutes. The steamship
brought over six Europeans, two Chinese
and one Japanese in the second cabin;
«ti2 Chinese and six Japanese in the steer
age, and the following cabin passengers:
U. K. Belden, Miss B«nnett, Miss B. K. Ben
nett. Mrs. R. \V. Blrckbeck, G. Beyerbach, Mrs,
Borella and maid, J. C. Bothln, S. D. Bradford.
Mrs. Burchneld. Colonel C. A. Coolidge, U. S
A.; Miss Cottrill. R, Dancy, Mrs. R. Dancy,
E. G. Edwards, Miss Eustls, Rev. Mr. Evans,
Mrs. Evans and two children, L. P. H. Fisher,
T. Geddes, Mrs, S. La Grave. E. F. Gillette,
"Mrs. E. F. Gillette, H. S. Griggs, R. Haden
ieldt. Rev. J. S. Hankins, Mrs. J. R. Hankins,
Sllss Hankins, R. Hardt, L. Hill. Miss Mabel
Hyde. F. Jacquemot, Mrs. F. Jacquemct, W. S.
Jenks. Mrs. V. S. Jecia. J. Kasugai and serv
ant. Miss A. C. Keyes, Dr. J. Harte Von Knijff,
Miss S. P. Lawrence Miss Leonard, L. B.
Lowe, F. H. Lowe. Mrs. J. R. MacKenzie, Mrs.
C. F. McWllliams and servant. Miss L. Mc
¦Williams. Miss L. L. Mellen, Lieutenant Com
mander Mertz, U. S. IC; Dr. A. A. Milton, L.
H. Morgan, Mrs. L. H. Morgan, Miss C. Mul
doon, Nam Lou, S. B. Noakes, Dr. C. Onu
trowicz, Mrs. W. J. Pardee and nurse. Miss
Charlotte Pardee, P. Roberts, Miss L. Saud
man, R. E. Schlrmer. Mrs. R. E. Schirmer,
Major W. B. Schofield. U. S. A.; S. Shioya,
M. Shiralshl. O. C. Stevens. Mrs. O. C. Stevens,
B. W Talbot. T. TaaaJta and sen-ant. C. Thom
son, Mr. Tsumaki and .servant. K. Tsuruta, F.
"Wangenmacn, D. W. Webster, Mrs. Webster
and maid. Dr. J. C. WMttier, Mrs. J. C. Whit
tier. W. F. Wilson, Tom Han Wing, Tom Foo
Yuen.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Bit Bonanza will load lumber on Puget
"Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Vanduara cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 64,302 ctls wheat,
valued at $64,300, and 19.C0O ft lumber as dun
¦rage, valued at. $2S5.
1 The British ship Port Crawford also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 54,
67i ctls wheat, valued at $56,725, and 17,000 ft
lumber as dunnase, valued at $240:
The Newport's Cargo.
The steamer Newport, which sailed Sunday
for Panama and way ports, carried a general
cargo valued at {10.SS3. manifested as follows:
For Mexico, $11,315; Central America, $40,883;
Panama, $1217. The principal exports were as
follows: For Mexico, 11 cs ammunition, IS
pkge agricultural implements, S5 csks bottled
bt«r, 6350 gals coal oil, 17 cs canned goods, 24
tons coal, 500 bbls cement, 153 bales dry goods,
6 cs drugs, 3424 bbls flour, 219 pkgs groceries and
provisions, IS cs hats, 20,825 lbs malt, 64 pkgs
machinery, 6091 lbs millstuffs. 56 pkgs paint, 53
bdls pipe, 97 bdls paper, 1X5 crs potatoes, 8 pkgs
paste, 16.S41 lbs rice, 12 cs salmon, 19 cs sta
tionery, 1C0 kegs 6pikes, 4774 lbs soda, 10 bbls
tar, 20.172 lbs tallow. 60 cs 1342 gals wine, 34
cs whisky, S bbls cement. 12,151 lbs chloride of
lime, 3427 ft lumber, 1150 lbs lard, 131 pkgs ma
chinery. 15 pkgs paint, 150 flasks quicksilver,
11,012 lbs soda, S pkgs ship chandlery, 20«keg8
spikes, 36,0001bs tallow, 161 pkgs tank material,
10 cs 1S6 gals wine. For Panama, 200 bbls
flour, 10 ere potatoes, 13 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 4650 lbs coffee.
Shipping Inteligence.
ARRIVED. - '
. Monday, May 20.
Etmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen, £S hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 46 hours from San
Pedro. . .,
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 55 hours from Port
land, via Astoria '41 hours.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederssn, 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Ncr stmr Horda, Svendsen, 5 days from
Oyster Harbor. .
Jap stmr America Maru, Goinsr, 26 days 14
hours 18 minutes from Hongkong, from Yoko
hama 19 days 3 hours 40 minutes, and from
Houuolulu 5 days 22 hours 2 minutes.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 20.
Etmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br shio Port Crawford, Swan, Queenstown;
A Berz.
Br naip Vandura, Beavan, Queenstown; G
W McXear.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, May 20.
Etmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson. Port Harford.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen, .
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, in tow of tug
Rescue.
Schr Metha Nelson, Christiansen, in tow of
stmr Noyo. "
SPOKEX.
May 11, lat 42 N. Ion 1 W— Fr bark Anjou,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
May 16, lat 60 N, Ion 9 W— (Supposed) Br
ship Bermuda, hence Jan 16, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Xor Etmr Horda — Vessel la leaking. Left
Ladysmith at 5:10 a m May 15, with pilot,
steering throueh Stuart Channel, then Hous
ton Passage up Trincomalee Channel and then
through Captains Pass, midchannel. into Gan
ges Harbor, steering S by E. At 8 o'clock
a m sharp" the steamer suddenly struck three
times under the Dort side bilge, listing over
to starboard, running full speed, passing over
lightly. When she struck bearings were im
mediately taken and had then Ackland Island
In E !5 S Channel Island E S E and the one
fathom patch buoy % miles off in S, % E,
showing from 18 to 19 fathoms of water on the
chart compiled from the latest United States
and British surveys. At the time of accident
the pilot, master and chief officer were on the
bridgre.
POINT LOBOS, May " 20, 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDOX, Or— Arrived May IS— Schr Confl
anza, hence May 10. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 1»-Stmr
Newburg, hence May 15.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 20— Chll
bark Royal Sovereiern, from Valparaiso.
Arrived May 20— Ger bark Columbia, from
Shanrhal.
Sailed May 20— Schr John G North, for
Honolru.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 19— Stmr Rainier,
hence May 16; stmr Hyades, hence May 16.
Sailed Maj» 19— Schr Nellie G Thurston, for
Cape Nome; stmr City of Seattle, for Skaguay.
Sailed May 20— Stmr South Portland, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May 19— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 19— Schr Repeat,
from Santa Rosalia.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 20— Stmr Oceania
Vance, from Port Hadlock; schr Louise, from
Umpq'ja.
' ECKEKA- Arrived May 20— Stmr San Pedro,
hence May 19; stmr Noyo, hence May 18; schr
Metha Nelson, hence May 18.
Sailed May 20— Schr Bertie Minor, for Hono
lulu; Etmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
SAX DIEGO— Sailed May 20— U S stmr Mo
hican, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 8— Stmr Marlposa
and s;hr Aloha, for San Francisco; Br stmr
Moana, for Victoria. May 10 — Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru. for Yokohama; schr Robert Searles,
for Port Townsend. May 11— Br stmr Aorangi,
for Sydney; bktn Newsboy, for San. Fran
cisco. •
Arrived May S — Br stmr Moana, from Syd
ney; bark Carrollton. from Tacoma. May 9—
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, hence May 3. May
10— Br fctmr Aorangi, from Victoria; schr Bain
bridge, from Pisagua; ship Abner Coburn,
from Newcastle, NSW. May 13 — Jap stmr
America Maru. from Yokohama; stmr Colon,
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed May 10— Schr Admiral, for San Fran
cisco. • •
MAHUKONA— Sailed May 10-Brigr Consuelo,
for San Francisco.
HILO— Arrived May 9— Schr Alvena, from
Everett. -
Sailed May 7— Bktn W II Dimond. May 10—
Bark Martha Davis, for San Francisco.
LAHAINA— Arrived May 5— Schr W H Tal
bot, from Newcastle, NSW.
MAHUKONA— Arrived prior to May 13— Schr
J M Colman, from Newcastle, NSW.
Sailed prior to May 13— Schr Defender, foi
Round for Sydney at 52s 6d, with the usual op
tions, chartered prior to arrival; the Inca, lum
ber at Elakely for Noumea, 57s, and Sydney, 52s
Cd, prior to arrival; the Lahalna, lumber at
Hadlock for Shanghai. tO£; the Sonoma, lumber
at Chemainus for Sydney, 50s 9d, with option^,
prior to arrival; the Planter, merchandise here
for Honolulu.
Steamship Sobraon Runs Ashore in a Fog and 5hip
R. D. Rice Is Burned to the Water's Edge.
NEWS OF MARINE DISASTERS
BROUGHT BY THE AMERICA MARU
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals Issued an order yesterday command-
Ing the Sheriff of Alameda County to pro
duce Alexander McKenzie, the Nome min
ing receiver, before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock on Wednesday, of
this week at 11 a. m. to testify in the mat
ter of the alleged contempt of »*ourt bv
United States District Judge • Arthur IT.
Noyes, United States District Attorney
Joseph Woods and Thomas J. Geary.;.
Alexander McKenzie to Testify.
D. A. Curtin has been appointed receiver
of the moneys and property now In .the
hands of Thomas G. Jacques, but which
it is alleged he holds in trust forthe use
and benefit of aged Joseph O'Harej The
appointment of Curtin was made on mo- v
tion of Mrs. Margaret L. Gowdey, O'Hare's
guardian. An order was also made by the
court yesterday directing the Hlbernla
Bank to turn over the funds on deposit in
O'Hare's name to Mrs. Gowdey. i '
Receiver for O'Hare's Fortune.
Mrs.. D. W. Webster Is Touring the
v World With Her Hus
band. . . ...
FORMER .CONCERT HALL
FAVORITE AT PALACE
Among the arrivals on the steamship
America Maru from Hongkong are Mr.
and Mrs. D. W. Webster. They were re
cently married and are touring the world.
Mrs. Webster was. formerly Lady Ains
lee, the widow of Sir Charles Ainslee. She
was well known at one time as a popular
concert hall artist, and made her greatest
triumphs on the London stage.
They denied themselves yesterday to all
callers and refused . to be interviewed.
They will remain here several days and
will pay. a visit to Del Monte before go
ing East. /
•UNITED STATES FISH /
COMMISSION REPORT
Statistics Show Fishing Industry, on
Pacific Coast to Be in Flourish
ing Condition, f ".
George M. Bowers of the United States
Commission of Fish and Fisheries has is
sued to the State Board of F.ish Commis
sioners a statistical bulletin of the fishing
industry on the Pacific Coast during the
year of 1S99. The number of persons em
ployed in fishing in the different coast
States is shown to be 19,528. The value of
vessels and apparatus is $12,873,377, of
which the share of California is $2,774,491.
The total product of fish in pounds is
219.337.S16, with a value of $6,316,171. Of
this California produced 74,462,089 .pounds,
valued at $2,568,383. The statistics for sal
mon canning show a total product of 1,
417,360 cases, valued at $6,139,032. Califor
nia's product was 34,180 cases of Chinook
salmon, with a value of $159,468. ¦'. ¦ .
Exclusive of the salmon fishing branch
of. 1 the industry, the^ statistics show the
yield of the Pacific Coast fisheries to have
increased in value from $4,469,952 in 1895 to
$6,139,032 in 1890. " ' • -.'.'
At a meeting of the Election Commis
sioners which was held yesterday morning
in- the/ office of the Registrar.it was d<£
cide'd to adopt 'for the coming primary
election the same precincts as were in use
in 1899. The contract for constructing the
new election booths was awarded to the
Ralston Iron' Works. There will be ten
booths and when completed they will cost
$260 apiece. They will be constructed of
Contract for New Booths "Let.
Lower Tribunal's Decree
Affirmed by Court
of Appeals.
Settled.
Title to Lands on Southern
Pacific Is Definitely v
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, consisting of Judges Gilbert, Ross,
Morrow and Hawley,' handed down a de
cision yesterday morning affirming the de
cree of the lower court in the suit of the
United States of America against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.-
The suits were brought for the purpose
of determining the title to certain odd
numbered sections of land' .within- the
twenty and thirty mile limits of the grant
made by the United States to the South
ern Pacific Railroad .Company by act of
Congress of March 3, 1871, which lands are
also within twenty miles of The general
route of the Texas Pacific Railroad Com
pany from Yuma on the Colorado, and to
cancel the patents.' The Government dis
missed thejSuit in so far as concerned all
the lands mentioned for which patents
had been issued by It. except ,about 5000
acres • which the Southern -Pacific Com
pany had contracted to sell to the Colo
rado River Irrigation Company. • '.•¦•
The decree of the Circuit Court in re
lation to that portion of the land on the
appeal of the Southern Pacific Company
is affirmed. In the appeal taken by the
United States relating to the lands em
braced within the primary and undeter
mined limits of what the appellants con
tend was the definite location of the route
of the Texas Pacific Railroad Company
the evidence in the record, taken in its
entirety upon this point, • shows clearly
that the line of the Texas Pacific Rail
road fi*om Fort Worth by way of San
Gorgonio Pass to San Diego was never
in any manner known to the law definite
ly fixed. The decree of the Circuit Court
is upon all points affirmed. . *
RAILROAD LAND
CASE DECISION
Constitution of the La
dies' Branch of! For
esters Amended.
Grand -Officers of and Dele
gates to Grand Circle
; Entertained.
. ! ¦ -- ¦ ¦"¦'¦ ;••: 1 -I ¦ .;¦'¦¦ . .:
¦ • . ¦ . ' ¦• ¦ ' ; ¦ ,. »
' The/Grand Circle of the ComDanions of
the Forest, A. O: F., met in annual ses
sion yesterday in the Foresters' Building
with, all the grand officers and "delegates
present. '¦¦'•:
. After the call of the roll; the following
committees were appointed I by Grand
Chief Companion Mrs.* M. E. Falconer.
Credentials— Mrs. ' A. Fernandez, Mrs. M.' C.
Takley, Mrs. Scheuren.
Finance — Mrs. M. Sellman, Mrs. . B. §S T.
Thomas, Mrs. B. Hanges. . ¦¦:::¦-'-¦ •¦
Mileage and per diem— Mrs. M. Daugherry,
Mrs. L. Kahley and Mrs. Hattle M. Gingles. ; .
State of the order— John Falconer, Mrs. Ade
laide Boehm. J. R. Sands. i • . ;. :..
Laws and supervision — Max Boehm. J. ' J.
Roberts,' Mrs. Pemberthy. . ...
Distribution— Mrs. G. Berger, Mrs. Virginia
Cervalll, • Mrs. M.' McDonough. . '•• • ¦.. •
Entertainment — John Falconer, M. Boehm
and Mrs. Florence N. Morrow. •
Press— M. Boehm, Mrs. M. Asher, A. '.- M.
Phillips.
An amendment to the constitution
adopted gives the circles the right to hold
session either 1 day or night, but they shall
not open later than 8 o'clock a,% night. ;
Another amendment adopted -was one
which affects the old law as to doctor a:id
medicine for ' members. , In the i past a
member of a circle who did not pay dues
for three months became unflnancial and
was deprived of doctor and medicine
or cash benefits for a certain period,. but
the amendment • limits the deprivation
now to cash benefits only.
The law* .was also changed so that one
of the trustees of a circle shall go out of
office every six months.
A resolution. was adopted requesting the
Subsidiary High Court to admit female
members of the order to the privileges of
the endowment feature. . ¦ '¦
In the evening there was a reception to
the grand officers and the delegates from
the interior by the local circles in the so
cial hall of the Koresters' building. There
was a large attendance. Those piesent
were entertained with i a programme of
music and songs and with dancing.
This morning, weather permitting, there
will be a trolley ride for the officers and
delegates, in the afternoon there is to bo
a business session and in the evening a
theater party at the Central.
To-morrow night there will be a ' ban
quet at one of the grill rooms to the out
going and the new officers who are to be
elected at the forenoon session.
LAWS CHANCED
BY COMPANIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY,v MA Y 7 -2 1, 1901^
TUESDAY, MAY 21.
5
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets :.7:18
Moon sets 10:41 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L, -W
nZ. 0:53 6.1 7:51—1.0 3:06 6.1 7:43 3.1
22 .. 1:50 6.8 8:42—0.6 4:00 5.1 8:58 3.2
23... 2:50 5.3 9:36—0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24... 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 5:38 5.3 11:35 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L AVI IH Wf |L W H W
26 .. 0:41 ~,2.1 6:29 4.1) 12:11 ¦ 1.2 7:09 5.6
-27 ... 1:38 '1.6 7:40 4.01 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
2S ... 2:24 1.2 S:14 4.0] 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
May 21. l ;
"W. Kruger... nilamook Bay 5 pm|PIer 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pmjPier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 12 in 5th st
Westport Bear Harbor 5 pm]Pler 2
Kureka Humboldt 9 amlPler 1.1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 amlPler 9
Coptic....' China and Japan.. 1 pm|PMSS
Bonlta '. Newport 9 amlPler 11
May 22.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am|Pler 13
Aicata Coos Bay 12 » mjPler 13
Queen San Diego s am Pier 11
Mny23.
S.Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 5
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 21.
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. *. .. Pier 13
aiay 25.
Valencia Nome via Seattle. 2 pm|011 wk
Corona Newport 9 amlPler 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena : 2 r>miPtfr 2
Connemaugrh. Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier —
J. S. Klmball Nome via Seattle Pier 2
Portland Nome via St-Michl 2 pm Pier 31
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier J
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
May 26.
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego ... .. 9 am Pier 11
May 27.
Kambyses Hambg & Way Pts ..' Pier: 7
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.. IMay 2J
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. JMay 23
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. IMay 23
Ruth GoloVin Bay direct IMay 2o
Santa Ana.. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 2S
Senator Nome direct May 30
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Wellington Oyster Harbor [May 21
Titania.. Nanaimo iMay 21
Empire Coos Bay May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
South Portland Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Matteawan Tacoma May 22
Mandalay Coqullle River May 22
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 23
Acapulco....... Panama & Way Ports. May 2'i
Corona....: Newport May 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 2.1
Santa Rosa. _.. San Diego May 23
Point Arena Point Arena May 23
Eureka Humboldt May 24
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria May 25
Palena Valparaiso via Panama May 25
Alliance Portland*& Coos Bay.. May 25
Mackinaw Seattle ;...,... May 25
Washtenaw Tacoma May 25
Hyades Seattle May 26
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma May 26
Bonlta Newpcrt May 26
Queen San Diego May 26
.Arcata Coos Bay May 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports May 27
Curacao Mexican Ports May 27
May 21. l ;
"W. Kruger... nilamook Bay 5 pm|PIer 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pmjPier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 12 in 5th st
Westport Bear Harbor 5 pm]Pler 2
Kureka Humboldt 9 amlPler 1.1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 amlPler 9
Coptic....' China and Japan.. 1 pm|PMSS
Bonlta '. Newport 9 amlPler 11
May 22.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am|Pler 13
Aicata Coos Bay 12 » mjPler 13
Queen San Diego s am Pier 11
Mny23.
S.Barbara... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 5
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 21.
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. *. .. Pier 13
aiay 25.
Valencia Nome via Seattle. 2 pm|011 wk
Corona Newport 9 amlPler 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena : 2 r>miPtfr 2
Connemaugrh. Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier —
J. S. Klmball Nome via Seattle Pier 2
Portland Nome via St-Michl 2 pm Pier 31
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier J
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
May 26.
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego ... .. 9 am Pier 11
May 27.
Kambyses Hambg & Way Pts ..' Pier: 7
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports.. IMay 2J
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. JMay 23
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. IMay 23
Ruth GoloVin Bay direct IMay 2o
Santa Ana.. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 2S
Senator Nome direct May 30
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Wellington Oyster Harbor [May 21
Titania.. Nanaimo iMay 21
Empire Coos Bay May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports May 22
North Fork Humboldt May 22
South Portland Seattle and Tacoma May 22
Matteawan Tacoma May 22
Mandalay Coqullle River May 22
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 23
Acapulco....... Panama & Way Ports. May 2'i
Corona....: Newport May 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 2.1
Santa Rosa. _.. San Diego May 23
Point Arena Point Arena May 23
Eureka Humboldt May 24
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria May 25
Palena Valparaiso via Panama May 25
Alliance Portland*& Coos Bay.. May 25
Mackinaw Seattle ;...,... May 25
Washtenaw Tacoma May 25
Hyades Seattle May 26
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma May 26
Bonlta Newpcrt May 26
Queen San Diego May 26
.Arcata Coos Bay May 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports May 27
Curacao Mexican Ports May 27
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets :.7:18
Moon sets 10:41 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L, -W
nZ. 0:53 6.1 7:51—1.0 3:06 6.1 7:43 3.1
22 .. 1:50 6.8 8:42—0.6 4:00 5.1 8:58 3.2
23... 2:50 5.3 9:36—0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16 2.9
24... 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 5:38 5.3 11:35 2.5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L AVI IH Wf |L W H W
26 .. 0:41 ~,2.1 6:29 4.1) 12:11 ¦ 1.2 7:09 5.6
-27 ... 1:38 '1.6 7:40 4.01 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
2S ... 2:24 1.2 S:14 4.0] 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
j lust ai little .'belief *£%* n j
than an^ other train |
—a little better service— ;
a more homelike rj
feeling on the H
§ L.mlTED 1
B *;..? than you find elsewhere,
i and it runs like this |
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
i 9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun g
1 ARRIVES CHICAGO . ¦ ' • '• :'.;¦>: |
| 2.15 fin Thur Fri Sat Sun Won Tues Wed I
I ,¦ 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
I ' ON THE I
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. _lx- -
Commencing April 2S, 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCiSCfO TO MILL. VALLEY
AXD-SAN RAFAEL.
• WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45. »l:«. 3:15. 4:35. 6:15. *S:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. .'Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:43 p. m. •
SUXDATS— 7:00, S:0O, *9:no, •10:00.' 11:00. 11:39
a. m.. 12:45, »l:30. 2:30. »3:43. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. -., . ¦¦»^'>i*>* fc -#ri5^'*j*-*waaBBjt
Trains marked (•¦> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *3:25. j «:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10:13
a. m.. •12:23..1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA' TRIPS on • Mondavs. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p.. m. '••.'•
SUNDAYS— 6:13. »S:00. 9:45. *11:00 a. m.. *12
m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30, *3:43. 6:43, 7:30. 10:10
p. m.' : ,
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:4S. 6:43. 7:53. 8:53, . 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:4V 2:43. 3:50.. 5:10. 5:?0 p. m.
: EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondavs. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35, p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:?5. 8:00. 10:03. 11 ;10 a. m.. 12:13,
1:20 2:30. 3:4r.. foOO. 6:15.-7:13. . 10:30 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS. :
:6:55 a. m. week days— -Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.. • ¦ . . ¦ . . - •
v • ?:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ... -'•".*•.. ; . •
• 5:15 p m. week davs excepted)—
Tomales and wav stations.
"8 a. m. Sundays — Cazartero and way stations*..
. . 10:00 'a. • m. Sundays — Point Reyes and • way
stations. - ..-•¦.'. . ¦ ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Via Sraillto ?errj — Foot of Market St.
itivctiN '»n. ' . ikriv[»ii ritin.
, 8:30 a M. ) -rrrrrrfiz DAVS ( 3:35 P.M.
iit|I:5:
8K)0a:m.V fl2:15p.M.
9:00 a: M. I I 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a. m. I eTrvT>»v<» J 3^ f «) p. m.
1150 a.m. f — " .-SUNDAYS.... ... 4:50 p
¦130 p.m. 5^0?. ju
230 P. M.J t 7:10 p.m.
' •• '¦ rare. San Fran«i«s« to S-rnmlt «nij B<tnru. 11. <9 " ¦
, Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SausalUo Ferry.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !»•%»•• i»i»il »r«» •!•••• to arrtv* «••
MAX rilANCINIO. -
(Main Line, Foot Of Market Street)
leatx — Froh Mat 5, 1901. — abriti
7:at»A Benicia, Suisnu. Elmira, V«K«.tiUe,
Koinsey aud b»cr»niouto. ......... ?*33r
?:30a D»Tis, Woodland, Knights L»t.dinf.
McirjMille, (»n»lile.. 7:STp
7:30a AtUutiu Kxpresa— Ogden and Kask t2:.i3T
<:a»iPort losti, M»niucz, Fresno, Haa-
ford. VUilU. Vorter.Ue 1:33*
»:OOa Martinez, Sau Kaiuiiu.VaUejo.Kapa,
Cilistogaai.d .Santa Horn l(:23»
8:OOa Nile*, Pleauntsu, Lirennorc, Stock*
ton. Fresno, .Hanford, Visali*,
Porterriils ~:23»
8:3b A Shanta Express — IfciTis, Willi ms(!ot
Bartlett Springs), Williwa. lied
Bluff. Portland. 7:33*
• tiuu San .lose, Livermore. Ktucktou.
lone, Sacramento. Via ciyuIo,
M»ry»*iIK Cbtco. Uxl It MT * 4:23*
»i3"a Oakilale. Chinese (VoseuiiteJ. So-
nora. Carters -Ii23y
J»:OOa Il*y wurila. Nile* «nd W.jy Stations. 1 1:53*
»»OO* Los Angeles Expresa — Martinez.
Tracy, Lath" p. d i*.«tou. Meiced
Fresno am) Ixa Antilles ?s33»
9:a«A Valifju. nlartiuj* jki.i Way Station* s»i •">»•>
I »:«»<• a The Overlautl limited— Osiea, Don-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago •:-'»3»
tl:«»r Sacramento Kl»e» Sl»»miit« f.VOl>»
3>3»P HaywarJ*. NUrs aud Way HUtlons. 7:53 F
-Itwor iteiiici.i. Wtntera, Haeiamento.
WixxtlaiKl. KulkliU JjnuOing.
M»rys¥ili«, Orofilla I (1:33a
•iHIOr Martinez, Man lUmon, Vallejo.
Nap*. < .'uli.iuiitit. Sunta Itoxa Wi354
•IsOOp Nl'.es, LiTermoro, Stodton. Loli... IO-SAa
4>:ti>r Hiyvards. Nilex Saji.h.ae, Li vt rmore tS^SA
. 3:"Or Tha Owl IJmlts>d— Tracy. Stcckton.
Kresuo. UakersHoM, .Saugun fur
Santa Uoibara. Los Anzi-les 8:334
JtOOf New Orleans Erprexs — Bak(»He!d.
Los Acselea. I> mine £1 raao.
New Otleana and East ?«39«
3:0«p Yosemil<( .* 7s>V5.»
«:O»t> UairwariK >';ies aud Han Jose ?i3.>4
t<l:OOi> Vallejo ll:.">5*.
«l:O«i-t)rieiii»l Slail— Ogtlen. Cbejenne.
Omaha. Chicago 1»:2»*
• :OOi> Oriental Mail-OgJen, Denver.
Omah*. Chicago. ..' 4i23w
?:OOr Od-Kun au'l California Kxprtxm.NaO'
riinieiitr. Mur) ivlll,-. KeiMliiK,
ruitlnn.1. Pnget MuuimI ami Kusi »!•"»»*
8a«3p San Tab'o. 1'nri I.'ohU. Mirtiatri
nml Way MUtioua.. I1:»3a
tWtOSp Vallrjo .* 7>V*T
COAST LINE (Narrow <Jao K »L
(Foot of Market Street.) j
Jti Ha. Santa Ciuz Excnrs'oD to cUnka Citu
and Prino pil Way Sutkns l*:O3y
«:I.1a Nearark.CVntiirTllle.rianJiwe.Prlton,
UoiilUvrCicek.H&iitaOrnsaml Way
8tntioi.il 3.3<*r
tSilSr Nevark CenlcrilllH. San .!¦.«», NnW
Almailttii, Fttlton, Itoultler I.'reek,
SanU ('tux and J'rinoliial War
Stations tli>i»«*
4il3p Newark. Mau Joae. Los Gatos { Jlolaoi
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaiSIR rRaHClSCO — r»«t af larktl Slmi(Sh> J)—
' t7:15 0:00 11:00*. H. | 1:03 3:CQ 3:13r.».
rnaOtlUlO— Tt*\»t Ituimj.— 1«:00 {3.00 tS.Of
1O;UO«.M. -12:03 2:83 t:03r.M. ___
COAST L1XK ( Hron.t ti*ux«).
(Third anil Towiisenil Sis.)
6tl«* baa Jcce and Way .-ititi'jns. ........ fci:t«»r
f7:HOA Han .lose »..¦! Wai KUli.mn. li'4ur
t?::t Oa Sunday Ezcunioo for Ran Ji», ,
. - Marii Cruz. V.cirto Grozo aatl
rrindpil Way Sution»..::..: "I8»S«»
•U»t»Ah»u Jose. Trea 1'imui. HanU Vtnx,
INeiiio Urovtf, calinas ttan l.nii
. Ohispo ami P»indy»i L.termeili-to
.Stati.ma. :.... 4»lOr -
10i:C0v San Jc»c and W?y Stations.. ?s.t«r
/IOsSua New Alinailen... m /3t3»r
I Ii2Oa Man .lona ami Way Stations ........ SfJ»y
iS: I5p San Mat«o, lteilwoi>l. Meiilo Farlr.
Palo Alto. Santa Ulara. San .lone, i
Tres Pinos. Santa «Jr.«. Saliuaa,
Monterey ami Pacific «;roTe...'....|I««SA
3«»Or San Jo»e au.l Way Statlona 6::iJ»A
* f-lil3p San Josea.i.l Principal Way SUtbHia 'J-.l**
:, |.-):Ii«pS.ui Joan. Los Gatos and Principal i
:.:_¦ - Way Stations .'. t»»««%
3:3Op San.losH ami Prlneipat Way Stations t»:33A
•tOOp Kedwo-d. Han Jo»«. GHrry. Salluas,
Sd'.ta B*rh»ra,Lo< Angeles...... 10:03*
6:00p Del Monte. Monterey. Paano Grove.
Loaipoo - lOi*>*
' «::tOp 3%ii.Joge and Way .Station* .• t M:nw A
qllt-ISp Sail 'Jose ami Way Stations. ........ Ts3O» ,
A for Morning-.' P.for Afternoon.
¦ 1 S lay exc-pted. 1 2"» d »» ""'T- __ .
aSataxOayonlj. /Tuetdaysaud Itttwa.
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF
Makes Meat Co Further
Makes Soup Taste Richer
. RAILWAY TBAVEL. .
CALIFORM H0RTHIE5TKM RY. CO.
. " - . LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Ra?a;I.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. I Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.* m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. . \l:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Kafnel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. !»:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:lS"p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5a
and 6:35 p. m. _ •
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05, 6:23 p. m. » ..
Between San Francisco and ¦ Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. 1
Leave' j In Effect I Arrivo
, San Francisco. | April 2S. 1901.1 San Francisco.
• Week I Sun- I I Sun- .1 Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3-30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmllO:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
' Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
. a Lytton. - <- . ,-.'¦.--¦
{ l . • ¦ Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 amllO:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 am - - 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:C0am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ;
8:30 pm 5:00 pm ' . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma : 9:15 am 8:40 am
i and ' *
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:00am| * 110:40 am|10:25 am
j S:30 pm 5:00 pm| .Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
for Altruria- at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
"for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs", Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John- Day's. Riverside. Llerley's Bucknells,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville Orr's -Hot.
Springs, Mendoc.no . City, Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal, WiUlts, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ' " - ' t
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •.- ¦ - ' ,'
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market street, Chronlcla
* Building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X.- RYAN
: Gen. Manager., Gen; Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. ..
.. Local Llm'rt Ovrl'd Local i
Dally. Dally. Daily. Daily.
Lt. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 1:20 p '
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 » 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p ,
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•-'"-Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p ,3:05 a '...•,
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
•• Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4 45 a .;.
"Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:0-> a ........
"-Bksfleld _. 6:50p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
"Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a ........^
¦> '"Chicago, ......... 2:15 p I 9:00 p ..? -
a for morning."- p for. afternoon.
'•:00 a. m. train 1" the California Limited. .
• Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinln«
Cars through to Chicago. •• Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of ¦' local
' flrst-cla«s -passengers. No . *econd-clas3
. tickets ¦ are honored on this train.' . Corre-
sponding train arrives at. 5:55 p. m.'- dally.
- 4-20 p. -m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrivesat 11:05 a;, in.' daily.*' v
- '8:00 p. <m. Is. the Overland .Kxpress,-* with
through , Palao ' and Tourist \Sleepers and
¦ free ¦* Reclining < ' Chair s Car. - also Palace
Sleeper. ¦ -which cuts out 4 at •Fresno. V Gorre- •
¦Eponding train nrrivesat 5:53 t>. m. dally.'
r-7:20 a. m.-ln Bakersfleld Local.. stonrln?-
et all points In San .Toaquln Valley. Corre- '
-srondlng) train arrives at; 8:40 a. ' m. dailv.'
• Offices— <S4l Market - street -. and •' !n tFerry
Depot, San Francisco; 111S Broadway,
Oakland. - ' ' ¦ ' • • .. ¦ ¦ -•'-¦¦ .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABXTST.' Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Privnte
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngim body and mind anrl '
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. . I'harges low. ¦
Cnmronrnnlrrd.' Cull or write.
X>r. J. V. UIBBOA. Wan i'rancisco, Cat. :
RAILWAY TBAVEL. _-,,- l _^_ ri _^_^_-,_. . -
I Hiiii^ NearlyTweiity
| Take a standard sleeper and it will cost you $76.50 for
I railroad and sleeping-car fares, Los Angeles or San Fran-
g cisco to Chicago.
g, Take a -Burlington tourist sleeper and the cost is only
I $58.50.
I Add to this that no sacrifice of comfort or self-respect is •
I involved by traveling in a tourist car and it is easy to account
for the extraordinary popularity of this method of crossing A
the continent. 1 1
Burlington tourist cars liave Los Angeles Mondays and Wednes- [jfs&'£^l£3
\ days; San Francisco. Tuesdays and Thursdays— Omaha, Chicago, Hi[iHI||t'J(l|l|
' Kansas City, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. Tickets and berths jj^UKEEgj £
\ at Southern Pacific ticket offices or from . ||3»1 WIt^It
5 W. D. Saxborn, GcnT Agent, €31 Market St., San Francisco. ' •IX*
iiiiiiiniiiini 111 in— — ¦•- mil 1 1 11 1 ' *
COPTR'OHT 1I0O ST THI ntOCTER A OAMtlE CO. CINCINNATI .
A CASE OF EXTRAVAGANCE.
fSFTldOtJ never cut off three- quarters of a new
$n2!r throw it away! Yet you
% J§ pay twice the price of Ivory Soap for a cake
U2S32J of- "tinted " toilet soap less than half as
large. Your little cake of toilet soap costs you four
times the price of Ivory, for it lasts only half as long
and costs twice as much. No money can buy purer
or better soap than Ivory. If it came in dainty
paper, all scented and colored, you would pay fifteen
cents for a very small cake of it.
I Why don't you try GOLD DUST Washing Voider sMdecido; for yovrs^f'
P GOLD DUST cleans everything from cellar to garret — clothes, furniture, wood-work,
| . dishes, silver, kettles, pillows— everything. House work is taid work without GOLD DUST.
b Made by THE N.K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, *^ ' ' "
\j Doston, Philadelphia, Chlca-rfo. New York, Montreal// St. Louis.And burn, and make you tired all over? Allen's
Foot-Ease makes the shoes comfortable, rests
and cools the feet and makes walking easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, tic Sample sent
FREE. Address Allen S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N.T.
¦Last year the farmers of the United
States received $185,000,000 more for their
products than in 1839.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moai
£omery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap bas
nets. 63y Market, Palace Hotel bunding.*
Cal. glace fruit 60c per. Ib at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palaea Hot«l #
Congressman Latimer of 'South Carolina, who is a
candidate to succeed Senator, McLaurin, does not be
lieve.in the new departure in the South. In a recent
interview he said: "It may be that some of the mon
eyed men; the bankers, the mill-owners and capital
ists may incline to Republican principles, but they are
scattering and <are inconsiderable minority." It ap
pears, then, that; Democracy -in South Carolina is to
fight. the men who are' building up the industries and
advancing the welfare of the State, but just what is to
be gained b'y the fight is not clear to outsiders. • /"
.During the. month of April there were 183 suicides
in New York City, and during the first .week in , May
there were no less than eighty trials "for, 1 murder' or
manslaughter going on in- New" England,.: so it looks
as if the population of that. section might be com
fortably thinnedout before winter. ; ¦
Chicago, has a masher 6o years old who has man-'
aged'to; get engaged. to twenty-seven women, within
three months and to obtain- Aioney "on jewelry from
every one.of->them; and now" the city is bragging of
the fact as an evidence of the fascinating manners of
¦its'men.'. /:. "¦'¦: , - : .••',.
"What . brought :• you here, my poor
man?" ineuired. the prison visitor.
GH ANCE TO SMILR
"Well, lady," replied the prisoner, "I
guess my trouble started from attendin'
too many weddin's.".
; "Ah! You learned to drink there or
steal, vperhaps?"
'.'No? lady; I was always the bride
grooms'—Philadelphia Press.
Fanny— Now, when I am asked to slnir
I never say, "Oh, I can't!" but I arrays
sit down at the Diano— " ,' Tj
Annie— And let the audience find it out
for themselves ?-Tit Bits. . • ?" •
New Boarder— Why does your landlady
place nn extra fork beside the plates of
seme of the boarders? ;
Old boarder— These are the ones who are
behindhand with their board. The extra
fork means "fork over!" — Boston Post
Ethel— You know, I want a husband vho
is easily pleased: "
Maud— Don't worry, dear. That's the
kind you'll get.— Tit-Bits. . ¦ t3 tne
•Close Work.— Gladys— Did he kiss vou
by surprise? . , - •
Ethel— Dear me. 'yes! Why, I lardlv
had time to pucker up my lips.— Judge. .
A girlish' Ignorance— Lady Hildegarde
who Is studying the habits of the democ
racy, determines to travel by omnibus
Lady H.— Conductor, tell the driver to go
to No. 104 Berkeley square, and then home.
—Punch. -
A French philosopher claims to have discovered
that the Anglo-Saxon race is dying out because the
women would rather practice law, lecture or play golf
than to raise children. The theory is interesting, and
would have been important but for the fact that the
race is not dying out
The Sultan of Turkey has sent an embassy to China,
and while it is not known whether theintention of the
Turk is to sympathize with the Chinese or to "demand
a share in the loot of the other powers, there is
something significant in the fact that the sending of
the embassy is said to have been prompted by the
Kaiser., -
The refusal of the Queen of Holland Xq pay her
husband's debts has raised a pretty controversy among
folks who are interested in royalty. One side says
the refusal is a sign the Queen doesn't love her hus
band, while the other side asserts it is nothing more
than an evidence that she is so sentimental she doesn't
know that love has anything to do with money.
1 We may -therefore anticipate * that ¦ the final .'settle
ment with China will approximate closely the just and
worthy views of the. President and Secretary of State,
We believe the other nations Will find it hard to
finally differ very widely from the principle's ' which
this country has observed. Every Government
must in a measure respond to the public opinion that
its people form and express, and the people are not
blind to the justice and righteousness of the position
of the United States^ nor unaware, of the benefits that
must issue therefrom.- The ibloodthirst- is passing
away and reason is asserting control of the \ public
mind of England, France, Germany and even': Russia.
This land is proud of them and their work, and we
point to it as a real missionary service, though ren
dered entirely as a civil matter of government. It
not only stands as a model for other Governments and
a standard by which they will be judged \n. history,
but as an example to the missionaries themselves, who
have not scrupled to criticize it and declare their
preference for the methods of other allies, which were
fashioned by. any rule except the golden.
THE American relief expedition to China is in
process of withdrawal. Its mission is accom
plished, and every step that it took - reflected
honor upon the moral and military character of the
United States. This country never appeared anywhere
in a more creditable light than in the difficult, delicate
and vexatious situation in China. The President and
Secretary Hay have treated that empire from, the
standpoint of the highest justice. ' They have added
not a featherweight to its burden of humiliation, but
have done what they could, and accomplished greatly,
in the lightening of that load.
OUR WORK IN CHINA.
It is said the Illinois Central has equipped a train
with machinery fof constructing good highways and
will send it out with a crew to give object lessons
in good road building along all of its lines from Chi
cago to New Orleans. There's a good example for
the Southern Pacific to follow.
WE learn frpm the Mobile Register that at a
recent conference., of the negroes of Alabama
at Camp Hill there were adopted a series of
resolutions, which, after declaring a belief "that the
Almighty God suffered the negro to be a slave to the
white-man a short time on the American soil, that
he might imbibe the principles of civilization .and lib
erty," went on to add:, ¦ •. •¦•>•¦ , • '.'-.¦ *.
JVhereas, The calling of a constitutional convention In
the State of Alabama to disfranchise the negro Is but
the voice o£ .the Almighty God summoning him „ (the
negro) to, return to his native land, Africa, 'be It
Resolved, That this organization shall be known as
the Afro-American Exodus Union; be it
Resolved, further, That every negro In the State of
Alabama ' use. every effort to liquidate his debts, all his
time at work and live economical that he may have
means of exit when. called upon, by the Afro-American
Exodus Union to colonize in Africa.
Commentng. upon the event the Register exclaims
of "the pity of it'\ and ."the pathos of;it." There is
a suggestion that the resolutions express the desire of
a few scheniers who hope to make money out of the
exodus of: negroes to Africa, rather than the general
sentiment of the negroes; but it is. admitted that even
if the suggestion be true there; would. still be cause
of sadness in the fact that an assembly of fairly intelli
gent negroes should have been persuaded to adopt
them. ¦ • •• . :
Whether the resolutions proceeded from deception
or from despair of any advance for their race in this
country, it Js none the less clear that such ideas shquld
be combattcd. . . In • fact it .might be worth while for
the Southern States to investigate whether there^ be
not some fraudulent scheme back of this new agitation
in favor of negro migration. The; more intelligent'
negroes are not likely to" be 'deceived by it, for they
know that this is their country and that' there is really
no place for them in Africa. -Professor Booker Wash
ington and others of his school have the right counsel
for the. colored people. There is a. future in this coun
try for any man, -white .or black, who is industrious,
thrifty and of good morals. , It is doubtful if the Al
mighty had anything whatever to do with calling Ihe
Alabama' constitutional convention; but if he had it
is certain he did not intend it as a voice summoning
the negro to return to Africa. r; ¦ -"
THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEM.
IN San Francisco great preparations were made, on
a scale of lavish expenditure, for the reception and
entertainment of the President By far the
greater part of these plans went to wreck when the ill
ness of the President's wife made impossible his par
ticipation in the functions prepared in his honor. In
such a large and enthusiastic population as ours it
might have been expected that there would have been
expressions cf disappointment at the curtailing of
such a programme. But none has been heard. Our
people forgot all else in heartfelt solicitude, and there
was no pretense in the hush that fell upon the city
when the bulletins of the physicians told of the serious
condition of their patient, and every man went to the
impulses of his own heart and found there genuine
sympathy for the President as the sole sentiment
worthy to be entertained.
It may not be expected, therefore, that we feel
kindl}' toward the source of ungracious criticism and
unmanly complaint. • The only break in the general
spirit of fellowship with the President in his anxiety
is found in the columns of the Portland Oregonian,
which has exploited its meanness of spirit in small
and annoying editorial flings at the President, insinu
ating his responsibility for a disappointment which
yood men do not feel.
The 'general sentiment is that President McKinley's
example of devotion to his wife is about as useful as
any thut he could set for his fellow citizens to follow.
Suppose he had done otherwise, and had left his wife
at home to suffer from an unusual separation, and
perhaps endure equal illness in his absence, or had
left her sickroom to take part in the cheerful func
tions intended for him, would American manhood
and womanhood have been inspired as highly as they
have been by his natural, human and most proper
course? The heartless and unfeeling style in which
the Oregonian speaks of Mrs. McKinley will not soon
be forgotten. It is not an expression of Western
chivalry, and is disgraceful to the paper and its
editor.
None could have foreseen that the President, his
wife or any other member of the party would not
succumb to illness. Yet the Oregonian plainly insists
that for any of them to be attacked by disabling sick
ness is somcthing^hnt calls for popular resentment.
We leave the Oregonian and its exhibition of bad
taste and bad temper, amounting to coarseness arid
brutality, to the judgment of the well-ordered and
good-mannered people of Oregon. It is unable to
injure the President, but may injure a community
which it misrepresents.
OREGON CRITICISM.
fanatical dervishes— has successfully,
itutiieu ihe Hueriiui feuus among native
tribes, protected the stations and guaran
teed the freedom and safety of the routes,
seen to the execution of the Judgments of
the tribunals, and, in short, acted as the
right hand- of the Government. . ".."
Schools and Missions.
The Congo Fiee State has realized
frcm the very first the importance of the
spiritual welfare of the nation and Its
first effort is directed toward .the child,
but having as its principle the respecting
of native liberty it In no way interferes
with the education of those children to
ward whom the parents -accomplish their
duty; the task of winning these children
to 'what we consider a civilized education
is left to the missions. The state takes
under Its wing all children wha are aban
donee, those who have been rescued from
the Arab slave traders and those whom
thi' parents willfully neglect. For these
children schools have been established
tnroughout the state, and there the rising
Jilack generation :s taught every conceiv
able trade destined to be of any use in
Africa. Besides these schools, which may
be compared with our orphan asylums,
there are mission schools, numerous, well
conducted and giving really gratifying re
sults. And yet children are not the only
ones who go 1 to school in the Congo, for
every station, every camp, every post,
every workshop or workyard is a real
school governed by wise rules and regu
lations, where, by contact with the white
r-'an, the native familiarizes himself with
what we flatter ourselves is the highest
degree of civilization, our own.
Protestant missions flourish alongside
of the Catholic missions and all are doing
good work with practical results. . ¦--.-"¦;. ¦-¦,-
Hesults of the Great Enterprise.
Many, voices have been raised against
tho state, Its government and its King:
some missionaries have called the atten
tion of Christianity to what they con
eider to be terrible abuses: district agents
of large companie-s holding important con
cessions have been discovered perpetrat
ing the gravest of misdemeanors; some
F.uropeans in power have been accused
of murder and crimes even more terrible,
committed through abuse of their power
over the blacks when all superior author
ity has been too far away to keen its
watchful eye upon them. Yet in every
case that has bean brought' to light the
young state has never tried to hide its
shame, but has marie every endeavor to
bring the miscreants to justice.
In s».;ch a new country,' such a vast
territory as the Congo, no nation has ever
succeeded in organizing such a-- govern
ment, in the short space of fifteen years,
as . that organized by King Leopold and
his able supporters. From every point of
view it may. justly be said that the Bel
gians have worked marvels in Central
Africa and. King Leopold, whose life work
it has- been, is now gathering ,the fruits
of his labors, and his subjects are reap
ing the benefit of that country, whose
riches are a source of steadily increasing
profits to those who have risked their
capital there.- The industry of Belgium
has found a -new outlet, the home mar
kets have become'anlmated by the steady
influx of the Congo's tropical products
and before many years we may safely
count upon the Congo Free State as the
wealthiest and most prosperous of all
tropical countries.
to it. THe Free State retains the. loan
for another ten years, paying interest at
the rate of 2H per .cent, no interest having
been oaid during- the first period of ten
years. This, then, is the only bond of
union between the two countries beyond
the fact- that they- have the same sover
eign.
An Enormous Country.
Covering an enormous - area, the Congo
Free State lies on the equator, extend
ing five degrees to the north and fourteen
degrees to the south. Of course the
Congo River is a most valuable feature
or the new country and is navigable from
its mouth to Stanley Falls, a distance of
900 miles, with the exception of the rapids
and falls from Yelala to Leopoldvllle on
Stanley Pool, a distance of 2S0 miles. The
union Of the two navigable portions was
absolutely essential to the future pros
perity of the State. In fact, Stanley
warned King Leopold that Jf a railway
were not built all the Congo Free State
would not be worth a dollar. . •
This warning was heeded and Colonel
Thys, often called the Belgian Cecil
Rhodes, started the project, .which at
first seemed an almost impossible .task.
After years of labor the railway was
opened in July, 1898, and its inauguration
brought the riches of the land to the very
doors of the civilized world. Splendid
first-class passenger steamers now run
regularly from European ports to Boma
and Matadi, and these, together with the
railway, bring Antwerp,. the world's mar
ket for the rich Congo produce, within
twenty days of Stanley Falls. -'.
The resources of this vast,. fertile terri
tory are boundless and the field for new
enterprises is without limit. Of most
value at present are the supplies of India
rubber and ivory. The profits .realized
in dealing in those products are enor
mous.
System of Government.
The administration of such a huge coun
try, peopled by millions of savages, has
proved one of the greatest problems of
colonization' that any body of men ever
attempted to solve. The supreme power is
vested in King Leopold, and the central
government, with its seat in Brussels, is
placed under the immediate control of a
Secretary of State, assisted by his chief
secretary; a general- treasurer and. three
general secretaries, who preside over the
departments of foreign affairs, finance and
the Interior. In Brussels also sits the Con
go Free State Supreme Court of Appeals,
composed of some of the leading members
of the B(*gian bar, and to which all ap
peal case3 are^ sent from Boma. From
Brussels are issued all laws and decrees,
and the local government, with its seat at
Boma, acts in obedience to the King and
his advisers in Brussels. The fact that
the central government is -at Brussels Is
merely a matter of convenience to enable
the. King to be in constant and direct
communication with his functionaries.
Secretary of State for. the Congo.
v Next to King Leopold, the chief figure
in the management of the affairs. of this
vast new country is Baron Van Eetvelde,
the King's Secretary of State for the Con
go." To him" is due the credit for the
splendid 'organization both of internal and
of foreign affairs. At Brussels, where he
is in constant communication with King
Leopold, he strives against great .obsta
cles to civilization and progress, combat
ing the Arabs, who continually seek to
escape the vigilance of the Congo,Govern
ment and carry on the slave trade, lls-^
tening to the complaints of the missiona
ries and introducing new reforms. .
B At Boma- resides the Governor General,
the State Inspector and several: directors
of 'departments, all of whom, -together
with the Judge. of. Appeal, the keeper of
deeds and a certaMT number of' other
members.- not exceeding .five, form the
Governor General'! consulting committee.
The different departments are those of
justice, transportation, - marine, >: public
works, commissary.- agriculture and in
dustry, defense,' public force and finance.
.For purposes of administration the, State
is subdivided into districts, over each of
which i is placed a I district commissioner
or deputy governor. : The. district, if very
far from the seat of government, Is again
subdivided (into . zones,', presided- over by
chiefs of zones, who correspond directly
with;. the Governor, though reporting all
their^communlcations to the district com
missioner, under whose authority they are
directly, placed." . .' • . __ '
Native Chiefs Are Recognized.
'In- October, "1891, a royal decree recog
nized the rank of the native chiefs, plac
ing them under, the authority of the dls
trjet commissioner or his. delegate. This
measure has greatly, assisted the work of
organization. • - ¦¦"¦¦', ¦ < .' .
Justice is administered as far as possi
ble on the lines of the French code/which
is the system in practice in Belgium. The
legislation of' the .Free ' State is; based on
the Belgian* law.' with special laws for the
protection' of the 'natives, and their'inter
estsr ¦ .. ; '-: . :.. ¦ ¦•'¦ ¦ ••¦ ¦¦-¦.;¦¦¦ '.'¦
•Every year sees a great improvement in
matters of administration and justice. Ex-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
STATIONARY ENGINEERS— D. E. M..
City. There is no law in California re
quiring stationary engineers to procure a
license.
COMIC PAPER— G. E., Pacheco, Cal.
Puck or Judge, as a comic paper, holds
the same relative position in the United
States that Punch does in England.
ESCHEATED ESTATES-^D. M. R..
"Washington, D. C. . For Information
about escheated estates In California
communicate with, the Attorney General.
Sacramento.
MEXICAN CONSULS— J. K. S.. Laurel
Station, Cal. The Consul at San Francis
co for the Republic of Mexico is A. K.
Coney, Mongomery and Commercial
streets. Mazatlan and Guaymas come
under his jurisdiction.
INTO COUNTY MINE— V. T. H., New
York. N. Y. There is a mine called
Matanza in Inyo County. California. It
is a placer mine, located seven miles from
Independence, and is commonly known a3
the Matanza Placer Canyon mine.
ELAINE- Subscriber, City The paint
ing of "Elaine,** by Toby Rosenthal. was
cut from its frame in the store of Snow
& Roos, at the corner of Kearny and
Morton streets. San Frfuicisco, on the
night •of April 2, 1875, and carried away.
PROBLEMS— A Reader, Plymouth, Cal.
It Is a rule of this department not to solve
problems nor' answer questions in. arith
metic for correspondents, and for that
reason no answer is given to queries
about the fall of a body and floating cork.
FLUSHES AND STRAIGHTS— J. J. J..
City. A royal flush is a sequence of the
highest cards of one suit in the deck. A
straight flush is five cards following in
regular order of denomination. A full
hand is three cards of the same denomi
nation and two of likewise equal denomi
nation. A flush is five cards of the same
suit. ; v;^ -S'rl '~- •¦¦:-'->.'¦'..
I SHIP BROKERS— Laurel Station, Cal.
As this department does not advertise any
private business houses, it cannot publish
a Hat of ship brokers in San Francisco.
Correspondents ¦who desire the address of
private individuals ¦ or business firms
should send a stamped and self-addressed
envelope with the letter of inquiry.
MARRIAGE— Subscriber, City. In Cali
fornia no marriage is legal or valid unless
the law governing such is complied with.
Contract marriages are no longer recog
nized. A man and woman may live to
gether and call each other husband and
wife, but unless the law as to the actual
marriage was complied with such would
not be recognized as a marriage.
COLUMBLi THEATER— D. B. G..-CUy.
The theater on Powell street, near Mar
ket, was first opened as the Columbia
May 13, 1S95, by the Frawley Company In
"Sweet Lavender." After the fire it was
reopened February 11, 1893. The play was
"What Happened to Jones." with Harry
Corsen Clarke as the leading man.
MOURNING PAPER— A. B. C, City.
Whether a person should use mourning
paper and envelopes during the period of
mourning' Is a matter that Is governed
by taste. Of late stch paper and en
velopes are used only during the first
period of mourning when communicating
with friends and acquaintances.
TO POISON WHEAT— D. E. P., Corn
wall, Cal. There are some who poison
wheat to get rid of squirrels by soaking
the same in a preparation of strychnine;
others spray the wheat with a like prep
aration. There are a number of prepara-
tions for the extermination of squirrels
that may be obtained from druggists
which are said to be more effective than
poisoned wheat. An agriculturar paper
gives the following as a method to poison
wheat to exterminate squirrels: To one
ounce cyanide potash, dissolved in water,
add one pint molasses and ten pounds
wheat.
BOOKS— Reader, Butte, Mont. The best
work containing the history of the Moors
in Spain is said to be H. Cappie's "His
tory of the Conquest of Spain by the
Arab-Moors," 2 vols., 1881. The next best
is "History of the Arabs In Spain" by Dr.
J. A. Conde, 3 vols., 1884. "The Memoirs
of Simon Bolllvar," by H. I* V. Ducon
dray-Holsteln, 1829, are considered the
best account of the life of that individual.
What is considered F. R. Stockton's most
humorous work depends on the taste of
the reader. The choice probably la be
tween "Rudder Grange" and "Mrs. Leeks
and Mrs. Aleshine."
DEPOSIT IN BANK— L. H. B.. City. It
is said that under the following provisions
of the code of California a minor would
have the right to make a deposit In a
bank in his own name:
. "A minor cannot give a delegation of
power, nor under the affe of 18 make a
contract relating to real property or any
interest therein or relating to any per
sonal property not in his immediate pos
session or control. . •
"A minor may males any other contiact
than as above specified In the same man
ner as an adult, subject only to his power
of dlsafflrmance under the provisions of
this title (relating to persons) and subject
to the provisions of the titles on marriage
and on master and servant."
CAUFOENIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The following
Callfornians arrived here to-day and reg
istered as follows: At the Raleigh— J. J.
Stubbs, H. T. Scott. A. C. Rulofaon. "Wil
liam T. Herrln. W. C. Martin and W. R-
Wheeler and wife, of San Kranciscor at
tho Arlington — C. S. Toung, Ray M. Pike
and E. S. Pillsbury, of San Francisco, and
W. H. Crothers and wife of San Jose.
UNIVERSITY. OP THE PACIFIC.
REPORTS of ¦the"; sanguine hopefulness and
' general enthusiasm of all'^concerned", in the
celebration ;of, the jubilee ~6f the" University of
the Pacific will be read with gratification throughout
the State. The university is the 'first- institution
founded on.this coast by. the pioneers for the higher
education of youth. The teachers^ of the old missions
had done a noble and useful work, and for all time to
come the.peoi)le of will owe' to them . a
grateful jfriiemory; but "with theVcoming of the new
order ! of things there' came a demand for a new sys
tem .of education, and the University of the Pacific
was first institution of its kind to arise to meet
that demand. j , \ • - \
The pioneers of California have been so frequently
confounded with the adventurers who came merely to
seek- .gold or to lead v(\\6. lives that it is important to
direct attention at all times -to those evidences which
attest the difference between them. The pioneers
sought wealth not for, itself alone but for the. pur
pose of laying the foundations of a well-ordered so
ciety and a greafr commonwealth. Among those evi
dences none are more impressive than" the establish
ment of schools i and colleges destined for • all time.
Such seats of learning as the University of the Pacific,
Santa. Clara* College and others of a like nature attest
to the world the true character of the pioneers and
vindicate them from the supposition that uie'y aimed
at nothing more than gold and a life of lawless liberty.
For fifty years the University of the Pacific has
fought the good fight for liberal education against
heavy odds and under adverse circumstances. It had
in its favor.only the advantage of a happy location and
the support of earnelt.men" and women of the Meth
odist; church,vby which -organization it was founded
and has been ever since maintained. For a long time
it has had to carry a heavy burden of debt; but re
cently the indebtedness has been paid off, and the in
stitution enters upon its second fifty years with fair
prospects and the sustaining strength of a body of >
alumni who look to it not ohly'with gratitude . but
with pride and hopefulness. \ .- \
It is becoming more and more evWent that the
great universities of the country will 'never suffice
all. the needs of higher education in America, and,
despite their wealth and their increasing prestige,
there are still. many advantages to be counted on the
side of the smaller colleges and universities. These
advantages have beeft frankly recognized and pointed
out even by professors and presidents of the larger
universities, and it is not likely they will ever be over
looked by 'the earnest and studious youth of the
country. - Consequently as California grows the Uni
versity of the; Pacific will grow- also.
It is to be remembered, moreover, that the term
"smaller college'- is merely a comparative one. .The
University of the Pacific, though counted 'small in
comparison with that at Berkeley or at Palo Alto,
nevertheless would have been accounted a great in
stitution in any part of the country fifty years ago,
and still ranks far above many other universities- that
are justly counted important in the localities whose
people they serve. Judged by its work in the past, by
what it is doing now and by its hopes of the future;
it, may rightly claim a ...high rank among the educa
tional forces that help to elevate American life, and
its jubilee, therefore, is one in which all good citizens
may share in the enthusiasm and' expectations^of its
members.
PERSONAL MENTION.
; B. Deloray, a mining man of Sonora, Is
at the Lick. > ' -
"W\ E.C&rber.. a Sacramento merchant,
is registered at the Palace.
Sp«ak?f C. Vt. Pendleton i3 up from Los
Angeles and Is at the Grand.
Edwin. A- Meserve, a prominent atSor
ney of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
The Rev. Father Hugh McNamee of
Santa Cruz is registered at the Lick.
T. "W. Cameron, a prominent attorney
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
W. P. Hammon, a mining man. with
headquarters at OrQvllle, is at the Palace.
H. I. Seymour, a Southern Pacific Com
pany official at Sacramento, is at the
Grand.
John "W. Gil man, a retired J wholesale
liquor dealer of Boston, is staying at the
Palace with his wife.
L. A. Hagy has been temporarily ap
pointed ticket and passenger agent of the
Pennsylvania lines in this city.
- H. I>. Rucker, a prominent r>emocratlc
politician of Bridgeport, Ky.. is touring
the coast, accompanied by his wife. They
arrived at the Palace last evening.
Charles A. Roder, a lumberman of
is in the city on business and has
made the Lick his headquarters.
and they will not only have gained a new -laurelTfor
the administration, but a permanent honor for their
country. „ ' "... .¦ ..• .
THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
THE Presbyterian General Assembly, now in ses
sion in Philadelphia, complimented^ the West by
selecting as its' moderator; Rev. Dr. H. C. Min
ton of California. His Sunday, sermon in Calvary
Church was heard by a great- congregation, and of
course was able and impressive. 'He improved the op
portunity to open a discussion between the church he
represents and the public school system of the coun
try.. He said: "God forbid that I should say an ill
word against our public school system, the safeguard
of our nation; but is the educational machinery sub r
sidiary to the only worthy end, 'of fashioning charac
ter? Have we, so morbidly afraid'of uniting church
arid state, gone so far' as to disunite God from the
state? This is a most serious. question. The faith of
our sons and : daughters is involved, and the kingdom
of God in our country is involved. It is not an or
ganized skepticism that threatens, but a God-forgot
ten secularism."
This sober utterance brings up the old discussion
of the nature and purpose of civil government. An
ciently government was theocratic. The kingdoms and
empires that preceded or were concurrent' \vith> the
Jewish commonwealth were, like it, theocratic' From
it the system descended to. modern- ages-.. The first
foundations of government on this . continent were
distinctly theocratic.
But that impulse spent itself, and duringj the last
century and a half government has progressed
toward pure secularism. The state is now recognized
as a secular institution entirely, wherever it is republi
can in form. When government was theocratic the
church was first, taking precedence of the state, and
naturally the education of the people was its concern,
and they were educated for the purposes of the church,
the purposes of the state being incidental.
When this republic was founded the establishment
was made secular. Withdrawing from relations with
the church, it ordained the equality of all forms of
the religious, idea, and made it impossible for any to
exist by toleration' since to tolerate anything implies
the power to forbid it. The various forms .were left
independent, to exist by their merits and by such ap
peal as they could make to the enlightened reason and
conscience of man. As a necessary condition of this
equality the state took charge- ~m education. The the
ory of our public school system is that as the State
rests upon the , intelligence of the people, it has the
right to educate, them solely for. the secular purposes
of the state!' This is the direct antithesis of the'theo
cratic method. ~When the church educates— and we
use the term "church"- in its inclusive sense, meaning
the whole assembly of religious bodies of all creeds —
it educates for the purposes "of the church primarily,
the state being secondary.
There can be no compromise between the two the
ories and the systems that spring from them. Rev.
Dr. Minton shows this plainly in his strongly put
statement. Secularism, which means the material ends
which the state promotes, is, in his opinion, the dis
union of God and the state*. He stands in denial of
the possibility of fashioning character in the secular
schools. So it will 'be seen that there is no middle
ground between the two tlieories. The state stands
impeached of inability properly to form character by
directing the education of the people, and the church
is put forward as the sole trustee of that function.
The issue joined is very distinct, and there are many
indications that iir public discussion, and perhaps in
American politics, it may soon displace all other is
sues and come into focus for a trial of strength, and
an attempt to reverse the' judgment of the founders
of the republic. - ¦¦;'. - '• '-'/-. "¦¦;¦'¦ -:
7 u st at this time the raising of the question. is full
of interest, because Rosebery^ and other English
statesmen in seeking the reason for the sudden and
irresistible advance in material power ; of the United
States, which threatens the commerce and industry of
the whole world with subjection, find it in our public
school .system. The mainspring in our remarkable
advance is believed to be the initiative of our people.
Every man is a thinking unit, capable of action under
any circumstances, without waiting for orders nor
looking further for authority than to his own knowl
edge. This initiative is acquired in the public schools,
and has come to be the quality which the state de
sires for its purposes. It is not possessed by any
people trained by any other system. ' .
The public schools are supported by taxation of all
the people. The taxing power is secular and civil. If
the schools cease to be secular, or their secularity is
at all diluted, it will be seen that to that extent taxa
tion for their support becomes a tithing process for
the purposes of the church and not of, the state. Such
taxation would be obnoxious to the provisions of the
Federal constitution, so'we do not go far in the direc
tion toward which Dr. Minton p'oints until we' run
against the fundamental law.
Perhaps it will be well if the issue come up for.dis
cussion, since a system so long in action comes to be
taken as a matter of fcgurse by the people, and they
lose sight of its origin and the reason for its existence.
perience goes lar toward enlightening the
rulers of this enormous tropical land. It
is quite certain that no more abuses exist
in the valley of the Congo River .than In
any other African colony, whether Brit
ish, Dutch or French. This is saying
much, for the Belgians have been in Cen
tral Africa but fifteen years, while the
British and Dutch colonies are old.
People of the Congo Free State.
. One of the most interesting features of
the Congo Free State is its people, who
are divided Into many tribes, all differing
essentially from one another. Apart from
some $ well-known individuals, . such as
Muene Putu and Muata Yamvo, in the
south; Munza r.nd the Sultans Semio and
DJabbir in the north, the latter reigning
over a large area, the population of the
valley of the Congo lives in independent
tribes, each under the rule of a chief
whose power is over a number of subjects
not greater than the population of a me
dium-sized European village. Most of the
native villages contain no more than fifty
habitations, which include a population of
from 200 to 250. . « •
The defense of such an enormous terri
tory as that of the Congo Valley was at
first an almost hopeless problem and yet
from 110 men in 1SS9 the armed force rose
to 12,000 In 1900. This "force publique" is
the guardian of the peace, the guaranty
of the state's security, and may be ranked
among the best of colonial armies. Or
ganized, instructed and disciplined by Bel
gian officers, the Belgians are naturally
¦very proud of its well known and fully
recognized efficiency, for it has freed the
state from the Arabs and protected Its
frontier from invasion— notably from the
The fact that Leopold II is sovereign
of the Congo Free State leads many into
the belief that that country ! Is, after all,
bur' a colony of Belgium. This is by no
means the case, for though it is true that
the entire Government of the Centra]
African -nation is ¦, In the hands" of ' Bel
gians ¦¦ v/ho . have entered its service, the
State owes allegiance .to no country or
people. Belgium, however, has a finan
cial claim ori the revenues, of "the State,"
for by virtue of a treaty dated July 1,
1890, „ the Belgian Government agreed to
loan to the Free State the sum of $5,000,
000, $1,000,000 to be paid down on the sign
ing of the convention and $400,000 annual
ly for ten years. Six months after tne
last payment— made in August, 1900— the
Belgian Government reserved the right
to annex the entire Congo Free State as
e. colonv. ¦ - \
The Government, however, is not dis
posed to raise the question of annexation,
as the majority in Parliament is opposed
; Whoever undertakes to write a record
of the nineteenth century must place to
the credit of King Leopold of Belgium
and his people the - opening up * and the
civilization of one of the richest coun
tries of the tropics. : To • be? sure, King
Leopold has had able lieutenants in the
gigantic task that he undertook in Africa,
but to him are due the incentive, the in J
splration, the Ideas, while those who sur
round nim execute those ideas with honor
to themselves and satisfaction . to their^
leader. * i
t (COPYRIGHT, 1901.) y
XIV.— THE * CO1TGO FREE STATE.
By Haijry. Tiiok. S3a.©i»m.sLii. _>
How King Leopold, of Belgium Opened Up
to Ciyilizatioh One of the Richest /
Countries of the Tropics.
/ - • ; . ¦ 2 V'-'' ¦ ¦ ¦
Preparei|by : Experts and. Specialists for
: V TheSan Francisco Call. *
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1901,
TUESDAY ....MAY. 21, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
~ liirtti All Commutntions tj V. 8. LEAKS, Xutgtr.
l'lBLICATIOS OFFICE.. .Market and Third. S. V.
Telfphooe Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prers 2O2. N
OellTered h*' Currier*. 15 Ce»«<* Per Weelr.
Btarle Copleii. 5 Cent*. ' "' :
TrrnK by BInll, Including? Poatairei
••»ATI-T CALI. rinelnflln* Punday>, en» year t«.M
rAII-T CALL flr.cJufllTijr Furflay). • months t.M
J5AILT CALL Onclndlne PunfiayVJ mentht • 1-69
CAILT CALL-By Single Month «*3
VTEEKL7 CALU On» Tear «•• *•*.
All poslmaitern nre itnthorlied to receive
• nbucrlptloitf .
Casple ccples will be forwarded when requested.
Vati rofcrrHtwr" J* «rfl»rlnr «"hanr-» «>f »<1i1r»»« *b«ut<1 t>»
r*rtJciilar to rlv» both NEW AND CLD ADITRESS In order
to tceor* a prompt aad couect compliance wltn their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ........... .1118 Brondvray
rr. «f:orge kror\R!(*.
rtrtget Tcnlga Advtrtising, Ktrquetti Building, Chleigi.
iLccg Distance Telephone "Central 281J.">
KSTW TCP.TC REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CAELTOXi'. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
sTTEPHES B. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnjr
K7CTT TORK KEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A rtcrU Hotel; a. BrenUno, a Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
emexno news stands:
Sbernan House: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
frewmt Eocce; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAjrcn OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of Clar. OP**
cntll »:«0 o'clock. WO Hayes, open until 9:» o'clock. «3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Xjarkln. open until
»¦» o'clock. 1MI MlFslon. open until 16 o'clock. J261 Market
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
«rtll » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NTT. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
A Government Station on the Congo.
People of impoverished blood fall an easy prey
to the rigors of winter. Restore your vitality by
the use of Dr. Slugert's Angostura Bitters. • -
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCuref or Liver Ilia.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*
Do Your Feet Ache
6
Call unbtcrlberi contemplative «t chancre »f
re«ideaee during tbe summer months can have
their paper forvrarded by mall to tbeir new
e4drefti>rs by notifying: The Call Duslnes* Office.
Tmla pajier Trill also be on sale a.t all summer
•caoru ud Is represented l»y a local agent Is
¦XI towns wa the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYffiG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. WatkinF— Thle day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, Buggies,
etc.. at 1140 Folsom street.
By Fred H. Chase— Thursday, May 28, at 11 o'clock, sixty
head of driving: and business horses, at 172? Market street
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoll— "The Tor Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Hearteease."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Gloriana."
Grand Opera-house — "The Queen of Chinatown."
California— "Barbara Frietchte."
Central— "Shadows of a Great City." ,
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— 8 pedaltie*.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenlDr.
Ft s cher' r — Vau d e rill e.
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hosrital. Saturday matinee,
Jcne 1.
Rutro Bathe — Swimming.
Emeryville Racetraclc — Races to-day.Mrs. Kleinclaus' Demands.
Eliza Dutard. Walter D. Sheldon, Wil
liam C. Barnard and Jame3 Hogg, execu
tor-3 cf the will of Hyppollte Dutard, filed
their first account yesterday. - f According
to the account the executors have ex
pended $3*2,254 54 and have rejected claims
amounting to $5,713,333. Tho claims re
jocteU were presented as. follows: By
Theklay Dutard Kleinclaus for one-fifth
of decedent's estate, $500,000; by Theklay
Dutard Kleinclaus. as administratrix of
the estate of .Toacjulna Duturd. for an
accounting, $1,250,000: by Theklay Dutard
Kleinclaus, as administratrix of the es
tato of Joaqulna. Dutard, for one-half part
of tho estate. $1,250,000; by Theklay Du
tard Kleinclaus. claim for proceeds of
property of estate of Bernard Dutard,
$2,500,000; by Leona Dutard, claim for onc
tw"lfth part of the estate, $203,333, nnd
claim presented by 11. A. Williams Co.
for r-lleged loss under contract, $5000. The
claims of Mrs. Kleinclaus amount to sev
eral times the value of decedent's estate.
The receipts have aggregated $3S3,C81 31,
which leaves a balance In the hands of
the executors of ?K26 77.
The case of the city and county of San
Francisco vs. Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank
was dismissed yesterday, by United States
Circuit Judee Morrow on the default of
tho plaintiff.
The suit was brought in the Superior
Court on December 20, 1900, to collect $61,
513 58 taxes alleged to be due for the year
1896. . ' .
The Items of assessment specified in the
complaint were as. follows: Franchise,
$10,000; fixtures, $5000; solvent credits, ?182,
217; agency accounts, $3,012,036;- money,
I475.5S5; 20 per cent raise on $15,000 by State
Board of Equalization, $3000;. total, $3,687,
838.
After the case had been assigned to
tho United States Circuit Court the de
fendant put in a demurrer on the ground
that its name was not "Wells, Farg-o &
Co.'s Bank," but "Wells, Fargo & Co.,"
and that tho "items of * assessment as
quoted in the foregoing are unintelligible;
that the year in which the -taxes are al
leged to have been delinquent Is not de
terminable by a perusal of the complaint,
and that the cause of action is barred
by the provisions of subdivision 1 of sec
tion 338, Code of Civil Procedure." The
demurrer was filed on December 21, 1900,
by E. S. Plllsbury for the defendant.
On March 4 of this year S.'C. Denson,
as attorney for the city, appeared in court
and announced that plaintiff confessed thu
demurrer and consented that it should.be
sustained. The court asked Judge Den
son how much time he required to file
an amended complaint, and Judge De"nson
requested twenty days. • The plaintiff
failed to file an amended complaint within
that period or at all, and default was en
tered and Judgment given for the defend
ant with costs.
Loses a Delinquent Tax
Suit by Default With
. . Costs.
. — 4 — — : > '
Plaintiff Fails to File Amend
ed Complaint ;in the
Case.
CITY DEFEATED
BY WELLS-FARGO
/Verus cures Piles,, or 530 reward. .For
sale by all druggists. *
Yosemite Valley via Santa IFe.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers to the Tosemlte via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to-
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. . . •
A£k about it at Cll Market street •
Glaze Wants r. New Trial.
A motion for a new' trial for Robert E.
Glaze, recently convicted on a charge of
murder in the first degree for the; killing
of William Trewhella in the Windsor Hotel
last January, was argued before Judge
Dunne yesterday. On behalf of: the de
fendant it Js urged that the court erred
In making certain Instructions to the Jury
and refusing to give others and that error
wa« committed when the court sustained
the District Attorney in his refusal 10
produce an alleged r-tatement made by one
of Um witne?ses In the case. Judge Dunne
took the mctlon under advisement. •
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to M. C. Jacobs from Henrietta Ja
cobs for desertion, Mlnr.ie M. Reid from
Charles D. Reid for cruelty, Mary Have
lock from William C. Havelock for cruel
ty, Klvira Cunningham from William Cun
ningham for cruelty, and Amanda 11.
Merrln from Arthur L. Merrin for deser
tion. ,Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Marguerite Nlmerusky against Jo
seph Nimerueky for cruelty. Josephine
Hamilton against Jaxnes A- Hamilton for
desertion, William Spiers against Mary J.
Spiess for cruelty. Mamie Falconer against
Walter A. Falconer for desertion, Annie
Mensor against Henry Mensor for cruelty,
and Marguerite C. Rush against Thomas
K. Rush for intemperance. »
A Bevolution in the Shoe Trade.
. J55.000 worth of the very best of shoes
ever made wfll be placed on sale this
Thursday at the Bee Hive Shoe Company,
717 Market street. This Is the entire out
put of the Portland Shoe Factory. Better
g-oods and lower prices were never to be
had In this city. These goods are the
very latest styles, made of the best me
terfal. All these shoes will have to be
sold within four weeks, at the Bee . Hive
Shoe Company, 717 Market street, near
Third. .: jr;. • .. .*
Beserts His Young Bride. '
Mrs. Robert Nelson, who was married
Saturday by Justice of the Peace Long,
has been deserted by her husband. She
Is only sixteen years, of age and was be
trayed by Nelson under promise of mar
riage. - Nelson, rather than be arrested,
agreed to marry her. After .the marriage
he took her to his mother's house at Nine
teenth and Castro streets, but her mother-
In-lcw refused to receive her, and Nelson
deserted her. She applied to Judge Ca
baniPB yesterday for advice and the Judge
wrote a letter to Secretary White of the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children' and asked him to take
charge of the case. The young girl is
about to become a mother and she has no
friends !n the city. ¦ .'•/•
JACQUES HAS BECOVEBED
FBOM NEHVOUS ATTACK
His Preliminary Examination on the
Charge of Kidnaping Is
Resumed.
The preliminary examination of Thomas
G. Jacques and his wife. Caroline E.
Jac<jues. on a charge of kidnaping Joseph
O'Hara was continued before Jurjge
CabaniFs yesterday. The male defendant
had recovered from his nervous attack
and was In court. Ex-Governor Budd nag
been called into the case for the defence
and will take charge. George A. Knight
having to leave the city on business.
Miss Tlllie Rodfi^rs. niece of the old
man Joseph O'Hara. wax put on the sta/id
for further cross-examination. She had
risen from a s'.ck bed but declined to be
excused. Before her cross-examination
was concluded It was agreed that her
father. Joshua Rodgers, should testify, as
he was anxious to pet back to Minne
apolis. When he was called to the Bland
r.nd asked if the previous witness, rillio
Rodjrers. was his daughter, lie replied:
"That's what her mother says." He was
asked to give a direct answer and replied:
"Yes." His evidence was not important.
He. said he believed the old man was of
unsound mind when in Minneapolis in
April. It was stipulated between counsel
that his evidence would be admitted in
the Superior Court In the event of the
defendants being held for trial. The case
will be resumed to-morrow afternoon.
BOYS' JOOLINGr LEADS ¦
TO STABBING AFFBAY
James Durkin Secures a Warrant for
the Arrest of Herbert
Crowley.
James Durkln, about .sixteen years of
age. living at 1480 Fifteenth street, swore
to a ivarrant In Judge Cabanlss* court
yesterday for the arr-est of Herbert Crow,
ley, fifteen years of age living on Ninth
street, on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon.
Durkln and Crowley were friends and
Thursday evening while they, were fool-
Ing at Sixteenth and Shatwell streets
Crowley lost his temper and drawing a
knife out of his pocket slashed Durkln on
the left arm and made another slash at
his h^art. Fortunately Durkln had two
p'cncils In his Inside coat pocket and they
prevented the knffe from doing more than
cutting his coat. Durkln had his arm at
tended to by a physician and it required
six stltchea to close the wound.
MOST SEVERE STORM -
TO THE COAST
Yesterday's K-ain Was Very Heavy
Throughout Central and North- j
em Parts' of California.
The officials of. the weather bureau re
port yesterday's storm as being excep
tionally heavy and very peculiar in many
of its features. The trend of the storm
was from Point Conception to Cape Men
docino. It originated outside the bay of
San Francisco and moved rapidly in a
north-easterly direction, covering a large
amount of territory. During the space of
twelve hours it traversed a distance of
600 miles. It is reported to be one of the
greatest storms in this section of the
country since the~ establishment of the
bureau. . j
Another interesting fact In connection
with if is that it has rained but five times
on tho 20th of May %ince 1*52. It is
probable -that there will^be no rain in
Southern California below Fresno. The
forecast for to-day is south-westerly
winds, warmer a^d clear.
SOLOMON HEYDENFELDT'S
ESTATE IS DISTRIBUTED
After Years of Litigation Heirs of
the Deceased Finally Secure
Their Legacies.
After many years of litigation the es
tate of the late Solomon HeydenfeMt has
been ordered distributed to his heirs. The
decree of distribution was sismed by
Judge Coffey yesterday and under the de
cree, the executors, Charles Ashton and
Julius Jacobs, who have long controlled
decedent's estate, were divested of au
thority and power.
Under the decree of the court the prop
erty of the deceased is ordered distributed
as follows: To Elizabeth A. Hevdenfeklt,
decedent's widow. $233 73 in cash, and
4CT4.64 shares of the stock of Zeila Mining
Company, a judgment for $9784 68 against
the Zeila Mining Company, de
cedent's interest in the Central Lan>l
and Improvement Company, 500 shares of
the Black Bear Mining Company, and all
rents heretofore collected from any prop
erty belonging to decedent's estate; to
Moody O. Heydenfeldt, 280 acres of land
in Kem County; to G. H. Mangels,
$2151 CS; Sll shares of the capital stock of
the Monte Cristo Mining Company, 600
acres of land in Kern County and a one
half interest In certain moneys to be re
funded by Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt and
her children, being money advanced by
the executors for the payment of taxes
upon property involved In the partition
FUit; to Thomas O. Heydenfeldt, $1075 84.
435 shares of the Monte Cristo Mining
Company and 300 acres of land In Kern
County; to W. H. Payson. $5cK): to the
trustees for Zeila O. Helllngs. $575 81, 455
shares of the Monte Cristo Mining Ccra-
T&ny and 300 acres of land in Kern Coun
ty; to Lester H. Jacobs, 320 acres of land
in Kern County; to Oliver P. Evans. 160
ncres in Kern County; to J. H. Meredith,
]60 acres In Kern County; to Joseph
Naphtaly.- lands in Kern County and de
redent's interest in the Ersklne mines.
The residue of the estate is distributed to
G. H. Mangels.
BUNGLING DETECTIVE
WORK 3Y INSPECTORS
They Arrest an Innocent -Man and
Allow a Smuggler to Slip
Away.
United States .-Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday dismissed the. case of
the United States against J. M. Wolf, the
expressman arrested by Customs In
spectors last Tuesday while taking a
trunk containing smuggled opium into the
house of Mrs. Tapley, a dressmaker at 'ill
Stockton street. ' » •
There was not a particle of evidence to
incriminate' Wolf, or to tend to Drove that
he was aware of the contents of the
trunk. Mrs. Tapley testified that the
trunk belonged te a man named Wl'.son,
who had roomed in Tier house Fince last
December. Wilson left as soon as t'.ie
Customs officers arrested Wolf at the
door of the house and before the express
man had had a chance to deliver the
trunk, and by their bungling haste al
lowed Wilson- to escape. . v
Judge Heacock said that Wolf was an
innocent men. and should not have been
arrested. He is 60 years old and has al
ways borne a good reputation. The fiasco
was directed by U Customs Inspector
named Loftus from Seattle. ~
LIMITS HEIGHT
OF BUILDINGS
Board of Supervisors
Favors Restrictive
Ordinance.
National Shooting Bund Asks
Retention of Electric
• Display.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday di
rected the Judiciary Committee to draft
a bill limiting the height of fire-proof
buildings. The board rather favored
making the limit 145 feet on streets 100
feet in width or over, 120 feet on streets
less than 100 feet In width, and limiting
non-fireproof buildings to 110 feet In
height.
McCarthy and Stafford opposed the
amended limitation to 135 feet as pro
posed by Braunhart on the ground that
It woujd deter the building of fire-proof
ctructures.' Connor held that higher
buildings could be built by granting spe
cial j>ermItB.
McCarthy presented a bill directing the
City Attorney to assume immediate
charge of the suits brought by the city
against the Pacific States Telephone Com
pany for the recovery of unpaid license
tsxes on nickel machines. The bill was
referred to the Telephone Committee.
The ordinance providing that buildings
•used for hotel or lodging-house purposes
shall not exceed fifty-five feet in height
if they are not built of fire-proof mate
rial was finally passed.
The contract for printing the delinquent
tax list was awarded to the Star press.
The executive committee of the National
Shooting Bund of the United States filed
a. petition that the electrical designs now
on the City HaJl dome be retained until
alter the third national shooting festival,
¦which is to be held from July 14 to July
23. 1901, at Shell Mound Park.
The ordinance providing for the with
drawal of moneys deposited as bail with
the warrant and bond clerk of the Po
lice Court was recommitted to the City
Attorney.
The Public Utilities Committee was In
formed by the City Engineer that the
cost of erecting a municipal garbage cre
matory would amount to $1250.
The Finance Committee was instructed
to provide a permanent burial place for
the indigent dead.
The Board of Public Works returned
without its approval demands on the
treasury made by R. M. Mason for $95 50
for paints furnished tho Police Depart
ment and a bill «f Holbrook, Merrill &
Stetson for $6fcO for a stove furnished the
Recorder, as the goods were not ordered
by the board.
The Hayes Valley and San Francisco
tthlotic clubs were granted permission to
give amateur boxing contests in June.
The ordinance requesting the Mayor to
confer with the boards of""Publlc Works
and Park Commissioners for the purpose
of reporting a system of parks and boule
vards was laid over for one week.
The property owners on Spear street pe
titioned for the repavlng of that thor
oughfare between Mission and Howard
Ftretts. t
The Police Court Judges' petition that
I rovision be made in the next tax budget
for the appointment of a fourth official
was referred to the Finance
Committee.
The ordinance making it a misdemeanor
to defraud a hack driver out of his legal
fare was passed to print.
The ordinance providing for the regu
lation and controlling of the storage of
crude petroleum and explosives was final
ly passed.
The board adjourned to meet Thursday
at 8 p. m. to consider the tax budget.
School Board Reduces
Stipend of Grammar
Principals.
Substitutes "Will Receive $3 a
Day as Pay When
Teaching.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting last night for the purpose of fix
ing the salaries of teachers and other
employes for the next fiscal vear. The
salaries were adjusted In several particu
lars and as a consequence some were in
creased and: others reduced. The princi
pal reduction was made iff the salaries of
principals of all grammar schools, whose
remuneration was fixed at $180 per month.
This results (in reducing the stipend of six
principals from 5200, and the raising of
twenty from $175, which they heretofore
received. Heads of departments in High
schools were reduced from $155 to-$150.
The resolution fixing the salaries of
principals of schools of ten to thirteen
classes at $130, four to nine classes at $120
and orle to three classes $105 went over till
to-morrow, f Mark moved to" reconsider
the motion /fixing the salaries of principals
of grammar schools of eighteen classes or
more at $180, as he favors the Drpsent rate
of $200; - '
Webster moved that tha salary o£ all
day substitutes and teachers on the un
asslgrned list In primary and grammar
schools be fixed at $3 per day when act
ually engaged in teaching and his motion
was carried. Denman said he would, at
the next meeting move that the substitute
and day unasslgned lists be consolidated
into an eligible list. Superintendent Web
ster's motion to amend by allowing ;>9
cents a day for reporting for duty was
lost. The substitutes In the evening
schools will be paid $2 per diem. The
salary of the teacher of commercial
arithmetic in the_ Lincoln Grammar
School was reduced from $100 to $83.
The only change made in the salaries of
the principals of the evening schools was
that of A. H. McDonald of the Lincoln,
who was raised from $100 to $125. .
Physical Director Magnus will have to
worry along on $200 per month instead of
$250. The increases, made are- as fpl
lows: - /
Mies Whlttaker, cooking superintendent,
from $90 to $125: four assistants, ib.1
to $70; Charles McAullfTe, storekeeper. $123 to
$135; Miss Ball, supervisor of drawing, $125
to $135; teachers of modern languages, half a
day. from $50 to $C0; teachers of foreign lan-
Ruagcs halt a day, from $40 to $45.
The salary schedule of regular teachers
of the primary and grammar grades was
not chanced.
SOME SALARIES
ARE CUT DOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, r TUESDAY, MAY 21; 1901.
7
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To th* prettiest, healthiest, most restful p'.ac*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
i comfort and amusement. Rates — HO, $12, $14.
116 and 116 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
tit Montgomery st, and see photographs o£
hotel and surroundings. W« take, pleasure tn
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO A
WARNER. ' - -
DR. C.'C O'DONNELL'9
MINKRAL bf KINGS • AT GLEN ELLEN.
tha best camping, picnic and pleasurs ro-
. sort on th* Coast. Ths greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh In tha world; 41
miles from 8. F. -The S. P. R. R. and S. F.>
A N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
SO cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at tha park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL. office 102114 Market, twt.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health.
pleasur* and lona-*vlty this la the placa to go.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium. -
Formerly - Atrua Callente Springs. Sononvt
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C N. Rv.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip. $1 10. /Telephone, expensive Improvements:'
$12 and fl4. COOPER A 8HEDDEN. Agua
Callente. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINCS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cat., 14 mile* br
stag* west of Williams ; fare $3. Hottest and >
strongest water on ths Coast; temperatur* 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum;
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury tn system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths, |10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. '
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed : great relief for people with asthma: CS
miles from 8. F. ; fare SI (S3; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st, or
of JOHN NEVILU Proprietor. Los Gatos. .
GLENBROOK. i
¦ Various amusements. Large and small ga|ne.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only IS snd
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY. Prop.. Olenbrook. Lake Co.. Cal.
JOHflNNIS 13 **. Ft G .
Flrst-class family resort ln^the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, flshlng,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURO JR.. Prop.,
Oakville, Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery' st. - " ' ¦
It Is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
Saratoga Springs.
• S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. CX. Lake
County; City Office. 41C Pine street-
-_ TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure - air.
18 .per wk. H. B. LAWLET. Callstoga. CaL
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health. . pleas-
ure, flshlng. hunting and swimming; good
table: guests at home; never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas. •-"«¦;
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths nfar by. Terms.
tl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemlta
Stage, all outside scats. J Leaves Callstoga
dally. (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
i to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round- trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga:
also to MIddletown. Lower Lake. ¦ KelseyvllI*
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free:
tawmlll. depot, stor?. post office at camp:
board and lodging $4; take Sausalito ferry, $J
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or M.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDE— At head ot Napa Valley. Free
carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths.
1 springs, rooms and board unsurpassed. Writ*
for pamphlet. G. W. CTTTLER. Callstoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodation i ,
for few guests; mountain scenery, pure atr;
$7 per week. F.. McNULTY. Callatoga. Cal.
LAGUNA FARM-ltt miles from Mt. Olivet
station! boating, fishing, bathing: $« per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma. Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stage Un*
to hot springs; flrst-class turnouts. MAYOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors.
DIRECTORY
.OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and' Pries Lists Mallei
on Application. ; - '
COAL, COKE A.iD PIO 1ROX
if UllCnV SC(\ wo Battery Street
J. L- n ILOUil £ LU-. Telephon* Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
Cw CUITH Ship .Plumbing, Steamboatand
• IT* 3iTll 1 Il» Ship Work a specialty. Is and
H Washington st. Telephone Main 8641.
PRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RftYFQ £ Tft Shipping Butchers. 104
J AS- DUlHtt WU- Clay. TeL Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
US Front st. S. F. Pbone Main 1713.
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, snsaSTff^r.v
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THS HICKS-JUDD CO.,
• • S First Street. Saa Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
'ygJT' PABTSI9GE T c^ phl °
I'^&SfefeE'M S E ' s 6 1i a non-polsonoea
4TJlS3&f* m *&&i remedj for Gonorrace*,
AfSE&CVB E iT*3i Oloet, Spermatorrhoea,
AWuEf in 1 to 5 dari-NH White', nnnatpral dij-
S-fSa Qunatecd IB charge . or any inflafnma-
ifSfcg not u> nilnirt. tion. I ritation or nlcera-
fi*' *f j-roteau ooatac-on. tioa ,t mncoui mem-
BfJS|THEE»AMCHEMlMtCg. fcr3nes - Son-astringons.
lSa4ciNSIN!UTI.0.Ega SoId ? y D" 1 ** 1 ***
V^&SSHlP'iJiPtf'W t 1 - 00 . ° r 3 bottles, $2.73.
SxS^fKig\V' u „ niUr sens oa request.
Cl ;}.
Weekly Call f $le00 per Year
If you want to
know where to
ao this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring: resort,
where you can get the benefit ot medi-
cinal •waters; or to a, farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, -or to a picturesque
town,'. from which you can. In a short
¦ " walk or drive,' commune with nature In
her valleys, . foothills and mountain
canyons, or tn a* camp along the bank
of some shandy stream, \-
Call or write for
"VACATION^ 19O1"
This' is a little book just Issued by the
California Northwestern Hallway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts In Marln, Sonoma. Mendo-
clno and Lake counties; -Besides, it con-
tains a lift of about 200 farms and homes
where board' during the summer months
can be procured at from' $5.00 to $10.00 per
week. ' , '
Ticket offices *6E0 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streata. San Francisco.
, n. X. RYAN.
, . General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3U Hours* Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and- Reel Fishing; Tour-
nament, nusplces the -"Tuna Club.' , .
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.' -' ' ••
.The Sportsman's -Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. •...:•.-.¦ !>iHi N. ¦••'.=>:
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to E V c . PECK ; ARent .
Ztt South Spring st.. Loa Angeles. Cal.
f% is m n r\ e\ iitoT springs, sqnoma
V* Xl/«/«.V Co.: only 4^4 hours from
UArIvl7U San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging;' waters noted, for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telesrapn. dally
mail and express r flrst-clasti hotel and stage
' service; morning and afternoon ptages: ; round
trip from S. F. only $5 60.. Take Tlburon ferry
nt 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.,. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
Pix years. Further lnr. .-matton at Traveler of.
flee. - 20 Montgomery St.," or of J. F..MUL-
GREAV, Skaggs, Cal. ' ; ¦
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Towni/end streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address , P. ROBERT-
SON. Prep. .-•-.-" '•¦':• . ¦ " ¦ '
The Seaside Resort of Central California, on
Monterey Bay. ' Opens June 1st. Free booklet.
R. M. BRIARE, Mgr. hotel.- FRANK REA-
NIER. Supt. camp. Capltola, Cal.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only SO minutes from the city:
most 'beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter retort; table
and .erv.ee °< \"« *»V a . GRAHAM.
; • . . Late of Hotel. Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County, to ipend a vacation. Doatlng.
bathing, bowllnir. tennis, livery^ n«w w»l»«
tnd boats. Write for circular. EDOAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel n»ll. Lake Co.. Cal. -
/ WHITE -fiULPHin SPR!>G8.
2V4 houm'. ride from S..F.: B miles from Val-
lejo. " Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, ecrema, kidney, • liver, stomach diseases.
Hot.il and Cottages renovnted. Lnka for boating
and bathlns:. Panclnp Pavilion. » to $1(| a week.
Special rates faml'les. M.MADRID. ValleJo.Cal.
SUMMER IHOME . FARM,
SANTA CKUZ MOUNTAINS-FIRST-CLASS
family resort;- main -hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming: long-dijtanee telephone: camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5C-; open the year round.
Send tor^culars.^^^ r.
H k p E °- TOCALO/VIA, M^. IH
Bertrand Hotel; flr*t-claiis > accommodations;
reasonable rates for. families and parties; fish-
ing bathing: beautiful : drives to Bear Valley,
etc JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin In-
formation" Bureau. .233 Kearny st... 8. F. :
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; best' mediclna.1
waters ¦ In the State; - fine hotel and flrst-class
table: rates $10 and %U: housekeeping cottages.
P.. HOWKLL. Hopland.- Mendoclno Co.: Cal.
"~ ';.': HOTEL BENVENUE
,-On the.Rhore of Clear. Lake; home cooking;
J7 • rer • week ¦ and upwards.' . ¦ P. - and , " A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport,; Lake County,. Cal:. \ ,
. v.'1'cTHE 6AK.«,^ ¦:
ON r.RANCIFORTE' DRIVE— SO minutes to
l*ach: mail daily by carrier; private board-
ing. « PartlclarH : Mrs.- Czarina Smith. Sta. Cruz.
( ! FOR THBiGEYSiERS. .
• '.viatC.. C. Foss','Sta*e> Line "from Callstoga.
The'scenlc route. Liver/ In connection. C. C.
FOBS. t Proprietor. . Caltstcia." Cal. • " . ' '.'
~~ WC«r SPJHHC9, .
The only place In the United States where
Vichy Water / is abundant. ¦¦< The only; natural -
Electric ..Waters ;: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles. from
Ukian. v - J.' A. REDEMETER & CO.. / ,
. . • ,, • • ..,•,.- Proprietors. /.
PLANTATION HOUSE-^-Elghteen miles from
Cazadero," on stage line. ¦ Good trout fishing, |
¦ plenty . trult, cream, R-.llk: I free I conveyance for
' parties < of t 2 or more; -grand; redwood scenery.:
. Address J. Luttrlnger, Seavlew,. Sonoma Co.," or
'apply, Mr:; Kruse, 1 107 Front st.', . for particulars.',
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE- r —
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
. ""In 'All California
No Place Lite This."
AnOuting
On a New Plan,
On- June J,> this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwo^l (rove on the Ouern«-
vill« branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerna-
vtlle.
Handsome booklets with full details have been ,
left In Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI,. Flood bulldlnj, San
Francisco.' Office hours It to 4 p. m., Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays. ¦
\ . B ¦ _^
HOT SPRINGS.
. A r rot to, 1400 feet up tn the- coast raRK*.
overlook in* the broad Salinas Valley; free
from for and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: •¦ even miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunjre: special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment: cement swimming tank.
10x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and ground* tllumlnated by rax;
telephone and P. O.; round-trio ticket $8. C.
T. ROMIE. prop.: J. O. VALPSY. manager.
•...NAPA... ' Napa County.
|S PDA SPRINGS! Cal '
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rate* StO to Jl. r > per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
eXZADERO^H
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to «ult all. .Everything needed by camp-
ers' supplied ' at ' reasonable prices. Fine trout
flshlne, beautiful scenery. • drives. • bathing. Afc
ideal resort. Ellm Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek.
a~ mile from Cazadero: a most picturesque
i>pot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero. Cal. City office 743 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevent* and n-
• moves tan. . sunburn and infetftlon from Poison
Oak. . Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. - . - ¦
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-.
Cisco |32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2H hours first afternoon tnd 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l . Agent, G30 Market «t.. opposite Palace
Hotel.' S. F. ; tel. Black 2571.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lota amusement; fine walks;
air mineral waters. .Hates, $10 and $11 per
w«ek. Open May 15. Circulars -at city office,
91S Lai kin St., S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
•miTT'C Ufautlful Grounds . at Holtt's
Hill 1 1 ,C» p^hool will be open to summer
fllFNTO ruests during. Jun« and July,
""r'.^r. Superior climate, \ excellent
PARK. tanlt: reasonable prices. Ad-
— drets IRA O. HOITT.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fhhlng. hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect.- On Klamath River.
Hates. S2 and S2 10 per day; $10 to $14 per we«k.
Call Traveler Office. 20 . Montgomery «t., or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Slsklyou
County. Cal. . -.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain tcenery; good hunting, *. flshlng In moun-
tain atreamt: sl-ort distance from Geyser*:
dully mall: $7 per week. - Further particulars
uddrga* O. H. BLACK.. Oeysfrvllle. Bonoma Co.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. ¦ New cottages, large hall,
pianos billiard.-! pool and other games: every-,
thing new;. 17. per week. Round trip by etmr
Point Arena, $7. ' Inquire at 54 Mission and 14
Ransome.st.. or of DR. :.W. A. McCORNACK.
Point Arena. Cal. ¦-•--• ¦ • . : •
FERN BROOK PARK,
NII.ES CAXTON.' IS NOW OPEN FOR PlC-
nlcs or- campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion 'Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. <13 Market .street. . ¦
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
elno. - Visit - this , quiet llttla - resort for
»r,Hd comfort. ' For p«rtlculars apply t» S.
BTRATTON/ 3 Klghth street.- City, y
/THE: GEYSERS, hag- ' ;
ONK OF '' NATURE'S WONDERS. NATtT-
ralrteam' baths; swimming,, fishing, taunt-
ing and livery." Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. manager. ¦/¦ .. .'.^
TL II I AS/' D IHrH former ' proprietor . W.
)T ILL if TT flAll *I1 Crandell— A summer hom»
In " the redwoods, ' G '. miles : from ; Santa Crui;
running -water, . swimming, croqust. abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULET ft ILIT^"". Santa Crua.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW "
Changed hands. Will ¦ hereafter be op«n • the
year round. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
from the city, at present.^ The culinary depart-
ment Will receive special : attention. For rates
and particulars address .HOTEL MOUNT
VIEW, Ross, Valley, Marln Co., Cal. ;
TAMP TAYI lit} Cottages, - campinr. fishing;
LAlTIr 1AILUK 23 miles from S: F.; in ths
redwoods. : Call Traveler. office.' 20 Montgomery
l street, or address H. : Q. ; MARTIN, . Proprietor.
WH1TF COTTAfiFS "ovA/Ei-t-, '
¦¦Altitude 2000 feet ' Write for circulars.' MRS.
[J. H. GOETSCHE..AnewIn:P.'O., CaL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Benito County.
-Silver Greek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa C'ara.County.
Having bought and developed these mines,
during the past three years, and now desiring
! to build expensive- furnaces, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, about
20,000 shares In each company, on the follow-
ing terms:
50 CEXTS PER . SHARE.
No stock sold unless equal amount Is taken
In each company.
Both mines under one management. "
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE AL-
READY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
and profitable of all mines, pur mines are
adjacent to mines that have produced over
$100,000,000 worth of - quicksilver (
Le* us show ycu these mines, and Judge for
yourself. .
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock for five yecrs.
! The money obtained from the sale of stock
j will be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robert Scott Is now building,
end developments, whlc'.i will immediately raise
the pries of the stock. * ' ¦
H. R. BRADFORD.. :
President and General Manager,
7 North Market St., SAN JOSE. CAL.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearny st., San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.'
•*PALACEHOTEL*»|i
- P.; I
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels «»n-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere, j Desirable loca. !
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled i
cuisine. American nnd European plans.
**GRAND~HOTEi>'
AMUSEaEENT3.
GKAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL.OFTHIS WEEK, '
An Elaborate Production of the Sansational
Chinese Drama,
THE..QUEEN-OF
CHINATOWN.
One of the Ulgcest Successes of the ' Season,
Introducinc Many Specialties.
PRICES— 10c, ISc, 2?c. 50c. ..A Few Seats, 75c.
A Good Recervrd Keat in Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 25 Cents.', * ',-,-•'
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
XEXT WEEK— MEIVBOL'RXE MACDOWELL
" IN "CLEOPATRA." - ¦
ALHAJyitiKA THEATER,
G Ii i J d re n 's H os pi tn 1
The "MARCH KING,". ' op2>-etta, • will' b'-
given (matinee) June 1st. Other COntCflituaiM
bventa. . Picnic- endeavor, to avoid conflicting
datef. . See Sunday's- advertisement. Itespeci^'
fully, '.' ¦¦ :THE v MAN-AGE.\IEXT.'
" "SUTRO iSATn^~~~^
OR'r H,wiG;nTS.;
. Oi>en Dally From 7 cm. to .11 p.m.
'¦ ii:iiJ:;iif! From. 7 n; in. to t'l p. m.
ADMISSION Kic. ,Clin.Di:KN.'.)C
CaihSns.lucIuiJ'.nx aJn;I««iun." iJc. Xhl).\nn; 'Xc.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . . , '
SMSSBi X *M f A I^J
Positively cured by thess h i
Little Pills.
They «ilso relieve distress from Dyv
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain i»«
the Side, TORPID', LIVER. Thjy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Pficc.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM. 313 Market
Ptr<»et. S. F. ¦ * ¦
AjUUSEMENTS.
, ¦'. TO-NIGHT—
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS.
i2Sc and 5Oc.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL. COMPANY.
ALL THIS WEEK,
....LA^T TIMES....
BARBARA FRIETCHIE,
Evening 25c; 35c, COc. 75c, $1.00
Saturday Mnttnt-e .'..25c. Sic. 75o
Next Sunday, May 26-^Presentlngr for the first
time in the West the hlgbly successful comedy-
drama. "PHROSO." - '
Every Night This Week Except Sunday.
Motine«s Wednesday nnd Saturday.
HENRY
And a Ptrornr SuoportltiK Company!
rresentlnp the Homantlc Success,
HEARTSEASE.
Beginning Next Monday,
"THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST."
" ¦-: ¦"'
Al Leach and. the Three Rosebuds,
* Grace Van Studdiford, Genaro and
Bailey, Lew Sully, Burton and
Brooks, Bison City, Quartet, Bio-
graph, and James 0. BarroWs, John
Lancaster and Company. , :
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES-
WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY and SUNDAY!
•r- EVENINGS AT 8. •
SATURDAY MATIN -E. AT 2. .
GREAT TOY MATINEE SATURDAY,
EVERY CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDING
.' .THE. •
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
j- Telephone — Bush 9. ' • ...
ITS SUCCESS REPEATED.
TO-NIGHT at 8 o'clock
DOUBLE BILL-
Francis Powers' Chlness Tragedy,
"THE FIRST BORN."
Preceded by the Howling Farce.
"GLORIANA,",
! MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. -
*<r* ¦ TT VHSTt CITY NAU _f : '-
' TO-NIOHT and Every "Evening Thla Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Great Melodrama,
GREAT- eiTV.-
Elaborate ' Scenic , Featurea-Startllngr ' Effects.'
First Appearance at This Theater, of :.
G E ORGE; U/hBSTE R.
DDfr'^C Evenings.. ......... 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, $0c
I II It L/ Matinees .....:^...;:....lOc, IDe," 250
. Next Week— "THE WAR OF WEALTH."
RAGIKG! RACING I ' RACING 1
SPRING MEETING-Openlng April 29. .
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtf.
RACETRACK.
.RaclnB Monday/Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
' Any Friday and 1 Saturday. Rain or shine.' •';
Five or more races each day. • ¦ / ¦ .
•Races start. at 2:15 p.'in. sharp.. .
t Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12-80, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. r m., connecting
with trains ,' stopping ' at the entrance : to k the
track. ¦•Last two car3 on train :. reserved • for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. J}uy your
lerry tickets to Sheir Hound. , AH tralns/yla
Oakland mole connect with - San Pablo avenue
electric , cars 'at Seventh '¦ and . Broadway,' Oak-
land. .Also all trains, via Alameda -mole con-
nect with Rah'Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland; These > electric -cars
¦ bo direct to the track :n, fifteen ¦ minutes, i, :
L ReturnlnR-Tralns leave the track at. 4:15 and
4:45 i). m: "nnd -Immediately after the last race.-
THOMAS H.' WILLIAMS JR.; President.' .
n. n ¦ -JIILROY. 'Secretary. ¦•_¦.,._ ., . ;' vN
k»sf;H RV?' -i- concert house:
. • Gladys -Mlddleton. Carita. Carter and' Gerald.
Wra. McDor ' ' r l, ¦ Ausrusta ¦ Salvlnl. -. Perry ,• and '
Level!. I 3 n\V' * nnd Freed nnd othem. '
--. Revived tjeats.i 23c. Matlneo. Sunday.New York Cotton Market.
, LIVERPOOL.. . " .
Wheat— ; July. Sept.
Opening ••••• 6 10% 5 0u%
Closing •'••• 5 11 6 10
PARIS. ¦ : .
Wheat— • '/'•:¦. May. July- Aug.
Opening .' •'• W 80 20 60
Closing ,.:... • ;;..• 19 95 ¦'.. 2055
- Flour— . ' ¦ I .'; '.'- ":"-'<
Opening .'../& JS 25 70
Closing ..........;.......'.' 25 15 . 25 70
Foreign Futures.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 25,000 • 28.000
¦Wheat, bushels 61,000 i 526,000
Corn, bushels ......454.000 i r 91,000
Oats, bushels 307,000/ 265,000
Rye bushels .'......... 4,000' 6,000
Parley, bushels 1,000. 6.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, I4??l8%c; dairies,
lBfl.'ISVic. Cheeee, eteady, 9©10%c. Eggs,
steady, ll@llV4e. * .
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steadier; No. 3 spring wheat, 63@73%c; No. 2
red, ,73%@73%c; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow,
47(ff47%c; No. 2 oats, 30$20Uc: No. 2 white,
30HS3O%e; No. 3 white, 29%@31V4c; No. 2 rye.
54%c; good feeding barley, 50053c; fair to
choice malting, 56c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 70; No.
1 Northwestern, fl 70; prime timothy seed, $3®
3 So; mess pork, per bbl, fl4 80*314 S5; lard, per
100 lbs, $7 6O®7 62%; short-rib sides (loose), $80
8 20: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7c; short
clear sides (boxed), ?8 12%@8 25; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 28. I
Articles-
Wheat No. 2— / Open. High. Low. Closo
May 73% 73% 73% 73%
July 72% 73U 72V4 72%
Corn No. 2 — !
T,i ay 464 4S 43H 48
July 44% * 45^ 44ft- ¦ 44%
September 44 Vi ' 44% . 44% '44%
Mav tS ..?.'. .17...... 30 30% 30 . 30Vj
July 284 '• 2? ' 28% 2S7i
September 26% 26% 26Vi 26%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Mav 15 72V4 14 80 34 72% 14 80
T U fy 1...-.14 85 14 95 14 85 14 92%
September ....;. ...1-1 85 14 90 14 82% 14 87%
' Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 8 20 8 25 8 20 8 23
July : 8 07% 8 17% 8 07%^ 8 17%
September 8 10 8 20 8 10 8 20
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .
May 8 15 8 15 8 lo 8 15
July .7 92% 8 00 7 92% 8 00
September 7 90 7 95 7 90 7 95
NEW TORK. May 20.— The late upward
movement cf stocks last week failed to con
tinue to-day, although there was some resist
ance at times In the way of strength for Indi
vidual stocks. There was a progressive decline
In the influence of those special movements
and the day closed with the market quite ac
tive and decidedly at about the lowest of the
day all -around. There were one or two unfavor
able new features during the day, but there
>vere also some developments which had a
lavcrable Interpretation. The market was not
very manifestly influenced by the imws of the
day, but seemed rather to move as the result
cf technical causes. Taking of profits on last
week's late rise was the principal of these
causes. The market gave growing pvldence of
Us abandonment to the c;at» of professional
operators, ecme of them of large fneans and
bread methods, but with the publifc evidently
rot a factor in the market and disinclined to
rerpond to the temptation of. price movements.
The maxim of the professional operator to sell
•Jtecks en a show of strength and to buy them
In en a decline comes In to interrupt the move
jnf nt of prices "before it has extended far In
«>ith«r direction and to bring the market jcon
ftafttly nearer to aetate of equilibrium. The
market opened irregular and yielded all around
to the realizing, but' recovered quite strongly
in response to a movement In the • coalers.
There was some strength also lamong the
Southwestern^, apparently on the score of pub
lished reports of a projected new steamship
line from a Mexican port to the Orient. The
ctnrfcnaa fact that the struggle fot- control of
the transportation of future trade products to
lb* Orient lies at the roct of most of the move
n.ents working out in the transcontinental ter
ritory civee any suggestion fn this line an In-'
fuence. The movement In the coalers was ap
rarently speculative. The strength In St. Paul
was not explained by any news, but the buy
ing was called good. The stock yielded, how
over, in the late- -weakness and closed at a net
Ws. The weakness of Union Pacific was an
effective factor in upsetting the market. Alle
»at ions of a further issue of convertible bonds
to finance the purchases of Northern Pacific
rtook were the prime factors In the" stock's
v.-i Ek,ic««. It closed at par. 7 points below
Fatrrday's close, and at the lowest of the day.
Othrr notable weak stocks were Atchison.
«-hl<*h lost 4: Consolidated Oae as much:
Fufar. 3>4: Manhattan. - 3Hr Rock - Island- and
»irr>p<-.Iltan Street Railway. 3; Louisville 2%;
Amalgamated Copper, 2%, and a large number
< f storks from I to 2. A number of minor In
dustrials showed notable .. strength, although
ihMr be*t prices were reduced by" the late
viaknew. Among them were the international
Paper stocks. American Linseed stocks. United
Ftatc* RtiM-xt stocks. National Lead stocks
rrd the Rubber goods clocks. In American
J.,inw-od preferred and United States Rubber
i ">f<rr»d the Rains reached about S pointK.
Th-re was a large b-jying of Burlington for
ra»h, which was apparently connected with the
isrt of th* -prBjmFltlon for th* Burllnpton deal,
rein* condition^ upon the deposit of «t least
two-third* of the capital stock on or before
Mav 20. The beginning . Of., the machinist*'
rtrlke -and fears of a spread of labor troubles
*a* the <2*r>rewtiTir influenc* and -the advance
In mrlirtK Mc-hange rates, with the decline of
rf->r!in« at Paris. Indicating further shipments
•or gold from here, as well as the heavy re
r*lptii of the Treasury, discouraged the bor
rowing of meney for speculative purposes
Thr- bond market generally wai dull and ir-
Tf^ulsr with 6om* yielding in the late trading
l*> sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
valve. ?3,33fi.0C0. '
United Btates bonds were all Unchanged on
the Ian call.
Anrther pronounced advance was noted In
Tin. both at New Y<rk and in «London. par
ticularly the latter. Prices there rose Cl 5s on
tpr* fir.d £3 ISs on futures before the demand
rubsided. The close was strong with spot
t-McuA at £1?6 7s M and futures at £122 17s
M. On rfcfipt of thin information values here
*<3varced about CO points and are now about
the fame as Ix>ndon figures, not counting
frelpht charges and other expenses. Th» mar
ket here was not as active as in I»ndon, but
rhowed oonHderable etreneth, closing strong
• t K7 50i328, despite the fact that supplies in
«hls country are still heavy. The improvement.
In Jxindnn was due to a speculative movement.
r*th«-r than to consumptive demand, and atlll
Mrher values are looked for. The volume of
V'utineM in London reached !arg<» proportion!.
The m«t nt f}if> m»(al flat %vnu in mirnne tvtn.
Nevj York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 20.— In response to the Liver
pool market, which failed to follow Satur
day's advance on this side, July wheat opened
%C lower to unchanged at TI&c to 72%c. During
the forenoon, however, the price rose to
73»{c. This was based chiefly on the purchase
of approximately 2,000,000 bushels by a single
firm, although the statistics were sufficiently
bullish to aid materially in enhancing the val
ues. Traders who were short of July In most
cases covered on the advance. At 73V4e the ad
vance was checked by the heavy sales of an
influential operator. He unloaded about 2,000,
000 bushels at 73 or better and sold until the
price reached 72Vic. The market closed steady;
July unchanged at 72%c.
Corn held firm In thi face of very heavy re
ceipts because one firm bought a quantity esti
mated at 2,500,000 bushels of July, believed to
be mostly for shorts. May was also in de
mand. July closed %@%c higher at 44%c May
rtosed lV4c higher at 48c.
Oats were active and Etronu On a demand
from country Interests. July closed %@ J ,4c
higher at 28%<S'2S%c.
Strength In lard was the feature In specula
tive trading in provisions. The market was also
helped by the corn strength. July pork closed
7%c higher, lard 10c up and ribs 5@7 l /ic im
proved. !
The leading futures ranged as follows:.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco and vicinity— Clearing early in
the morning; fair during the day; wanner;
lresh southwest winds.
1 ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Nevada— ShoVers Tuesday: warmer in west
ern portion; cooler in eastern portion; brisk to
h.^h west winds.
Utah— Rain Tuesday; much colder Tuesday
eight; britk to high south winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday; fresh southerly
winds.
The storm is now moving rapidly northwest
ward over Northern California, and after a
lew clearing showers will cause generally fair,
wtmier weather over Central and Northern
California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 21, 1901:
Northern California— Clearing-up showers In
northern portion Tuesday forenoon: fair else
where: warmer; fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; -warmer;
fresh southerly winds.
Rain has fallen from Point Conception to
Cape Mendocino and in the valleys north of
Fresno.
FORECAST
There has been an unsual change in pressure
Ciftrioution over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains during the past twenty-four hours,
and there has occurred over the eastern slope
of the Rocky Mountains an unsually rapid
movement of an area of high pressure south
eastward. On the Pacific Coast the pressure
has fallen from two-tenths to four-tenths in
twenty-four hours, with a rise in temperature
from Salt Lake City to Seattle of from 10 to
16 degrees, and a fali in temperature Irani
Frceno to Red Bluff of from 12 to 22 degrees.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£C: minimum, 47; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
¦ POTATOES-Early Rose. S5c<f?$l:; Burbanks,
60q®$1 for • River and $1 23®1 50 ¦ for Oregon;
Garnet -Chiles/ $1 25@1 50; Sweets,' 60©63c for
Merced; New : Potatoes. l^S^c per lb in sacks
and $160(92 15 In boxes.
ONIONS— Australians, Jobbing, at $l@4 50;
Green Onions, -2JS35C per; box; New Red, 75c@
$1 per sack. • . ¦ ' ¦•> t: - . '¦-¦ ¦" ¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, , 40c(3$l per box;
Asparagus, Jl 25(91 EO for .large, 75c<f?$l per box
for No. 1 and 25@50c for No. 2; Green Peas. 63c
<f/>$l per sack; Garden Peas, 2(fT2V<!c; String
Beans, : 2i,4'84c for Vacavllle and. 5c for. River:
90c -per ctl:. ..Tomatoes, Mexican, $1«<
1 25 p-;r crate; from Los Angeles. 1 .G0c@$l: Dried
Peppers, 12® 18c; Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots,
25<5S5c per eack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 30C5JI
per dozen; Marysville. Cucumbers, %\ 75-52 23
per box; Garlic, 8<^10c per-lb for oldland 4®5c
for, now; » Green . Peppers/ 6(ffl0c per lb; Egg
. Receipts were 1004 boxes Asparagus, 189 boxes
Rhubarb, 427 sacks Bay Peas and- -134 sacks
String Beans. ¦ , .. p ;>X. . .
More Marysville Cucumbers w*re . received.
Tomatoes were In. excessive receipt, Los An
geles sending In 1437 . boxes, and prices wero
weak. Other vegetables were In free supply, at
about ¦ former prices. ¦ .
Potatoes were in heavier ' receipt, the ar
rivals being 72C8 sks. of which 4018 were from
Oregon. The market had an easier , tone In
consequence, , though there was. no particular
decline. 'Old Burbanks from the river are
rapidly diminishing iand will soon disappear.
Onions are eteady and unchanged. ' ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 90
05; Large White, $4@4 20; Plnte, $1 40@l 70;
Ked. $!S@3 25; Blackeye, $3 1003 25; Llmas. $8 25
Q.6 33; Pea, nominal: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3%fp
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2>/-c: Hemp. 3^0; Timothy, 6'4c.
DRIED PEAS-NIles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
A further slight reduction in Pink Beans is
reported. Otherwise there ' is nothing new.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— 517^19 £0 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@1S per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 BO; Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal.
$27 E0@2S; Cracked Corn. $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15(316^
HAY— Volunteer. $5(38: "Wheat. $li@13; "Wheat
and Oat, $9012; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@9 50: Barley, $7 E0@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
No further receipts - of new Hay were \ re
ported yesterday. Prices for everything In the
list remained unchanged. ,
BRAN— $16 50<gl7 60 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, „ $3 25®
3 60, usual \terms; BaKers' Extras, $3 15@3 23;
Oregon, $2 "60@2 7o per barrel for family and
$2 75«f3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal.- $3:
extra cream do. . $3 75; Oat Groats. S4 75; Hom
iny $3 7o©4; -Buckwheat Flour. $4{?4 25;
Cracked Wheat. : 13 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35
@7 85: in' sacks.- $6@7 50; . Pearl Barley, $5;
Split.Peas, J5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December, 2000
ctls 70%c; 4000. 70%c.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, 70%c;
2000, 70%c; 2000, 70»&c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 8000
ctls, 7014c. «; „ • ,
Regular Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers reported trade very dull at
'the old quotations. White, $1 37H@1 55; Sur
prise, nominal; Red, %\ 35@1 45; Black, $1 17&@
CORNr-The high prices still rule under ex
termelv light offerings. Small round' Yellow,
$160: Eastern Yellow, $1 27»i@l 30; White, $1 35;
mixed, $1 25®127%. - ¦
RYE— 80@82V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— December— 400 J
Ctls $103%: 6000. $103%; 12.000. $103%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, .$1 02%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,003
ctls. $1-021;; 20.0C0, $102%.
Regular Afternoon Session— December— 2003
ctls $1 02%; 18,000, $1 02-4.
BARLEY— Heavy receipts and the rain gave
the market a weak tone; buyers continued to
hold off and futures were still lower. -
Feed. 75@77V-c for No. 1 and 7O@72V4c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@
85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Chicago opened 'a shade lower,- but. subse
quently improved. There was a good shipping
demand and good buying orders at the decline.
The Northwest purchased July freely.- Kansas
City wired that country acceptances were ex
tremely light, considering'. the' high^fcfds sent
out from there Saturday night. "- .-- i .'.
In this market futures declined lc, but ship
ping quotations were unchanged.
Spot \Vhe,at— Shipping, 9S%c; milling, fl©
1 03% per ctl.
.WHEAT— The foreign markets were steady
to firm, and without especial feature. Tho
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows. In quarters: Russian, 232.000; Danubian,
130,000; Argentine, 97,000; Indian, 5000;. Aus
tralian, 56.0C0. There was a decrease of 1,760,
000 bushels on passage, and the American vis
ible supply deceased 3,263,000 bushels.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3' 4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12 1 -!
Silver, per ounce \ — ' E9%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49}4 @ W
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 20.— Evaporated apples,
quiet. State common. 3@4 1 4c; prime. 4V4@4%c;
choice, 5<S5^c; fancy, 61B6V4C.
California dried fruits inactive.
PRUNES— 3U@"c per pound, as to size and
""APRICOTS— Royal. 7 1 /i@12c; Moorpark, 8',i@
1Jc . . • u - .,.-.-- : ;T -.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12V£@20c; unpeeled, 5Vi@
10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts. 354,500 bushels; exports,
124,509 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, . S2»£c
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79?ic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 9Cc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
temporarily rather easy owing to foreign sell
ing, but quickly recovered and. ruled firm up
to the last hour on hulU'sh weekly statistics,
active covering, influential buying at. Chicago
and less favorable crop news. They finally
yielded to realizing and closed about. %®%c
net decline. May, S0U@«l%c, closed 80&c; July,
7S%579c, closed 7Sfec; September, 75%@7|>c,
closed 75%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOLr-Quiet
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
Cordova, Stt@12V4C; mild. dull.
Coffee futures closed quiet, with prices not
unchanged to 0 points lower. Total sales were
but 12,250 bags, including July at $j 50!g5 35;
August, $5 55@5 63; September, $5 65@5 70; Octo
ber. to C5<g5 75; December, }5 S5; January, $5 35
@6; March, $6 10@6 15; April. $G 20.
SUGAR— Firm but quiet: fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 3-32c. Molasses sugar,
3%c. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 0600. Steady; creamery.
15@19c; factor}'. ll@13c; imitation creamery, 13
@17c. >
EGGS— Receipts, 16.955 packages. Steady;
Western ungraded, llglSc; Western storage,
packed, 13@13%c.
•a — - ; -.— — — *
NEW YORK, May 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,007; exports, 4440. Fairly active and firm
with wheat.
New Ycrk Grain and Produce.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 20. 1901—5 p. m,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
lour hours: J
(l2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
"Three-crown loose California raisins are
firmer at 5%c. Bids of 5'/»c were refused. Prac
tically all the 3-crowa goods here are held by
one holder. Coast seeded raisins are selling
fairly v.-ell In a small way at 6!>iijf6%c.
"There is some inquiry for choice royal aprl
ccts in boxes, sales of something over a car,- in
25-boxes, being reported to a jobber. An in
yuiry for low-grade peaches is reported from
out of town, the buyer bidding 4%c."
"Prunes are wanted la a hand-to-mouth way,
with the market about steady. Some busi
ness was reported In 4u-£0s, Oregon?, at 4%c.
a leading holder closing out the balance of his
eupijly at that quotation.
"Currants continue very strong; prices un
changed from Saturday's close. Trade yester
day was fair, but the market appeared less
active than on any previous day since the first
advance last week.
II advices from New York say
Dried Fruit in New York.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money- West End 91%
Call loans 4flS Westinghouse El.. 62
Time loans 4fi."- Bonds — . .
Stocks— Atchison 4s 10lU
A T & R F 77% N-B Gas & C 5s.. 64%
1 A T & S F prfd.. 97 Mfnlng Shares-
Am Sugar 143 Adventure 15
I Am Sugar prfd.;.!l21>/4 Blngham Mng Co. 23<4
1 Am Telephone 178 Anial Copper 113',*.
{ Bo3ton & Albany 253 1 Atlantic .30
! Boston Elevated... m 1 Boston & Mont. ...420
Boston & Maine. .195 | Butte & Boston. ..104
Chi Bur & Q 19V,4,Calum«-t & Hecla.838
Dominion Coal ... SSVi ' Centennial 28
Dom Coal prfd. ...115 j Franklin 18
U S Steel 4Vli' Humboldt 30
U S Steel prfd.... 94V4 Osceola 87
Fltchburg prfd ...144 iParrot .; -. cm
Mexican Central . 25 Quincy • .105 "
MINING STOCKS
Adams Con ....... 20 Little Chief 13
Alice 41 Ontario 8 00
Bre«ce 1 70 Ophlr K3
Brunswick Con ... • 17iPhoenlx 14
Comstock Tunnel... 6h Potosl o»
Con Cal & Va 2 20 Savage 12
D*adwood Terra .. W): Sierra Ne\-ada 16
Horn Silver 1 15'Pmall Hopes 45
Iron Silver tS;Standard 3 SO
Leadville Con «5'
1 trast to tin, as prices on mostly all grades
were largely nominal and unchanged. Copper
ruled at 17c for Lake Superior and 16%c for
casting and electrolytic in the local market,
while In London it had a steady to firm start,
but closed easy under realizing with spot quot
ed at £69 18s 9d and futures at £70 8s Sd. Lead
ruled unchanged both here and in London,
closing at $4 37% and £12 respectively.
Spelter, while displaying some strength
abroad, was quiet and unchanged here. Do
mestic iron ruled dull and nominally easy at
old prices.' Pittsburg reports very quiet mar
kets in iron and steel. Plgiron warrants, *9 50
<glo 50; Northern foundry, |15 50^16 50.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
dO.i-W) Atchison 77^i
21.7GO Atchison prefd 97Vi
lo.^O Baltimore & Ohio 104V*
1,400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93
6,100 C & A 42
7uO C & A prefd 79
6.300 C C C & St Louis S0»i '
1.0U) Canadian Pacific 103^
SCO Canada Southern 66'/j
12,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 48%
600 Chicago Great Western 6s 20Vi
Chicago Great Western prefd A 78
Chicago Great Western prefd B — 44
3.6C0 Chicago, Uurlinston & Quincy 197% j
1,400 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 32Vi
3W) Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 70
100 Chicago &' Eastern Illinois 125
2,400 Chicago & Northwestern 19j
700 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 151
200 Chicago Ter. & Trans 20
700 Chicago Ter & Trans prefd 41^2
2,WH) Colorado Southern' 14
1,500 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49»i
3,100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22»4
*o0 Delaware & Hudson 163%
1,100 Delaware, Lack & Western 210
Denver & Rio Grande 44%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91
79,500 Krie 37
3.600 Erie 1st prefd 67>i
2,300 Erie 2d prefd 52&
LG00 Great Northern prefd 18U
2.000 Hocking Valley £2
10D Hocking Valley prefd 76
6,700 Illinois Central 139%
4,100 Iowa Central ..*. 34
600 Iowa Central prefd 60
Lake Erie & Western 56
2C0 Lake Erie & Western prefd 115
5,600 Louisville & Nashville 101%
9,100 Manhattan Elevated
7.6C0 Metropolitan Street Railway 165*4
7,900 Mexican Central ,.... 23%
4.100 Mexican National 10%
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis 92>£
30,700 Missouri Pacific 103%
4,100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas L"7%
4,300 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... £t>>,£
l.CUO New Jersey Central : 156
3,100 New York Central 150*£
4C0 Norfolk £z Western 50
Norfolk & Western prefd.. 87
300 Northern Pacific .~ 154%
4C0 Northern Pacific prefd 9S%
27.700 Ontario & Western 32Vi
P C C & St L 74
.11.400 Pennsylvania 146
32.100 Reading 40%
28^00 Reading 1st prefd , 75
«S.400 Reading 2d prefd £2
'3.100 St Louis & ban Francisco 444
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 82
1.400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 63%
¦ 1,200 St Louis, Southwestern 33
1,700 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 62V«
49.S0O St Paul ...: 160%
1.600 St Paul prefd ..1S6
17.100 Southern Pacific 46>£
28,500 Southern Railway 29%
4.9C0 Southern Railway prefd 82>i
2L3C0 Texas & Pacific 46M,
5.703 Tol St & W 22%
7,900 Tol St & W prefd 35%
S4.1W Union Pacific lOOVs
3,:'00 Union Pacific prefd......: 90
S.100 Wabash 20
13.900 Wabash prefd 30V4
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17U
500 Wbeel!ng«& Lake Erie 2d prefd 29%
300 Wisconsin Central 19>£
300 Wisconsin Central prefd 43
-Express Companies—
Adams 190
American 80
100 United States..... 140
Miscellaneous—
11.603 Amalgamated Copper 113^
1.100 American Car & F : 24> / < !
1,200 American Car & F prefd 79
.14,600 American Linseed 24
8.600 American Linseed prefd 61
3.100 American Smelting and R 54^4
1.200 American Smelting & R prefd 96
10.1G0 American Tobacco \ 125
1.500 Anaconda Mining Co : i"V t
11,100 Brooklyn Hnpld Transit 75U
1,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 97
1.900 Consolidated Gas 220
5,103 Continental Tobacco 55V4
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 10614
80T General Electric 220
400 Glucose Sugar 57
100 Hocking Coal - :
4 490 International Paper 23'^
«.0'j0 International Paper prefd 78%
2.700 International Power S8
Laclede Ga«- 82
1.400 .National Biscuit 43
9.400 National I^cad 21 <&
National Salt 43
... National Salt prefd 73
1,000 North American 8214
400 Pacific Coast 60
3OG Pacific Mall 33^
3S. 400 - People's Gas 113%
2.101 Pressed Steel Car 44
.'. Pressed Steel Car prefd.......' 8t
• Pullman Palace Car 202
600 Republic Steel 13
800 Republic Steel prefd 72Vi
18.200 Sugar U'>%
1,405 Tenn Coal & Iron 3 55
100 Union Bag 12%
500 Union Bag prefd 70
3.100 United States Leather IS
1,200 United States Leather prefd 7r".iV
6.20fl United States Rubber 21%
6.00!i United States Rubber prefd 64'^
44.500 United States Steel , 4X^«
M.S<X> United States Steel prefd &2%
3.6C0 Weptern Union !>:%
984,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 107%
reg 106V 4 N j Cent gen Cs.. 32 ] ,i
do coup 106Vi Northern Pac 3s... 71?*
ao 2s reg 100 do 4s 105
do coup 103 N.T C & St L 4s. .107
do new 4s reg...l3S Norf & W con 4b.. 100%
, do coup 138 Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg 113^ do 4s 104
do coup : 113 l ,i Or S' Line 6s 127
do Ss reg 108% do con 5s IIS
do coup 10*% Reading gen 4s ... 05U
Dist of Col 3.65s. :.12b\i ROW lsts 101'i
Atchison gen # 4s....l02Vs St L & I M con 6s. 115
do adj 4s 94 St L & 8 F gen Cs.133
Can So 2ds 108% St Paul cons 190
Ch<»s & Ohio 4«4s..lO5 £t P C & Pac lsts. 118
Go &s 120 do 5s 119%
C A M W con 7s..l41r» South Pac 4s 93Vi
do S F deb 6s. ...121 South Railway 58.116%
Chi Term 4s W/t S Rope & T 6s..... J8V4
Colo South 4s 87 Tex & Pac lsts 119
D & R G 4s... 102«/4 do 2d« 100
Kri« gen 4s 87»,i Union Pac 4s 105%
Ft W & D C lsts.. Ill Wabash lsts 117
Gen Elec Es ....'.... 185% do 2ds H0\i
Iowa Cent lsts.:. .117 West Shore 4s 113',;
L & Nash unl 48..1O2V4 WIb Cent' 4s S9V4
M K & T 2ds M^iVa Centuries 95
do 4s 99 I
C C Water 53. — UO Pk ft C H «9..1C.:s —
Ed L & P 6s. .1234133'^ Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Fer & Cl R 63.113 — Powll-st R Gs.lJO —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Sac E O Pw us. — 100
II C & S 5i.is.106U — S F & SJV 5s.l20Vi —
• Do 5s Wl 10J Sierra Cal 6s.. — 10*
Los Ang R |.3.112%113U S P of A 6a
1, A Light fcs. — 102 (1309) U2*ill3'4
Do gntd 6s.. - 101 (1910) - -
Do gntd 5a. .100 102 S P of C 6s
L A & Pac 53.103 — (1305). sor A.1W4 —
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — (1005). ser B. 107ft —
Market-st 6s.. — 127Vi (1906) tlO —
Do 1 c m 5S.122U — I (1913 j- —
Silver and Exchange as before. •
Wheat and Barley Futures lozecr.
A'o change in Oats, Com and Rye.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Pink Beans continue weak under heavy offerings.
Potatoes rather zueaker under larger arrivals.
Onions steady. Tomatoes in excessive supply and loiver.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and unchanged.
Ten cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply and moderate demand.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Local houses cutting Hams and Lard.
Meat market uncliangcd.
Trading light on the local Exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in s the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $100,881,904; gold, $95,637,728.
Condition of the Treasury
LONDON, May 20. — Consols for money,
94 3-16- for the account, 94H: Atchison, 81;
Canadian Pacific, 107; Union Pacific preferred,
93V.; Northern Pacific preferred, 104%; Grand
Trunk, 11%; Anaconda, S%: United States Steel.
46; United States Steel preferred, S6. Bar sil
ver, quiet, 27%d per ounce. Money, 2@3 per
cent.
CLOSING
Spsculation was dormant on the Stock Ex
change here to-day. The tone of the general
market, however, was steady. There are
many signs of returning confidence In Ameri
can shares. They opened well, with some ac
tivity, though about a dollar below parity, and
early sales by cable here for New York caused
some sagging. Then, however, there was a
rally to the best prices of the day, under the
leadership of the coalers. . Northern Pacific
spurted 10 points. Copper was firm.- Money
was firm.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $1 8Si&@4 S8Vi for demand
and at. $4 84% for sixty days; posted rates.
$4 85>4<f?4 83; commercial bills,* $4 S3%@4-S4 1 ,i-
Silver certificates, tiOc.
Bar silver, 5»?ic. ' .
'Mexican dollars, 49c. -' ¦
State bonds inactive; Government bonds
steady; railroad bonds irregular.
Prime mercantile pauer, 4@Ws per cent.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Money on call firm
at 4@7 per cent; Iafet loan, BV^; ruling rate, Ah'--
New York Money Market.
K E Gas & Coke.. 10% Santa F Copper... GVi
Old Dominion .... 31 Tamarack 320
Rubber 22 Utah Mining 2S>^
Union Pacific ....100}* Winona '..3
Union Land 3 Wolverines ' •• 55',4
. BAGS-San Quentln Bags, 1 , $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 707ttc: local make, Ue. less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30®34c; Fleece Twine,
7 1 /4@Sc. , ' ' ' • '
COAL-^Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ;9; Seattle, »7; Bryant, $6 60; Coos
Bay, $5 5<b Wallsend, f9; Co-operative Walls
end." $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacHs : Pennsylvania Anthracl te Egg, $n ; Can
nel. $.10 per, ton; Coke, % 15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks;" Rocky : Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 60 per ton, accord
ing to brand. ' '
OII<S — California Castor Oil, In ' cases, • No. 1.
75c;' pure, $1 SO;. Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
75c; raw, 73c; cases, Bclmore; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels' $0c; cases. 85c: China
'Nut, 53363c per gRllon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels Cac; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale
Oil. natural white, 37%® 42c per gallon;- Fish
Oil In 'barrel?. 35c; oases, 40c. ' , .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk,
12iAcr Pearl Oil, In. cases, 18V4c; Astral, lBMic:
Star. 18%c: Extra/Star. 22V*e; Elaine. 23;4c:
Eocene" 1 deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 15c; in cases, -21c; Benzine, .in bulk,- 14c:
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c. • 'T . ..'
¦ TURPENTINE— 55c per. gallon In cases and
43c ''lii' drums: or 'Iron barrels. ' •¦ • . ¦ •¦
: SUGAR— The i Western " Sugar Refining Com
pany ; quotes, per lb,''ln ,100-lb bags: ; ¦ >
Crushed, 6.25c ;; Powdered. 6.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, i 6.85c; Dry Granulated. • li.75c: Confec
tioners 1 'A,- 8.75c; Fruit Granulated, 6.75c; Maar
nolla A, 6. 35c;. Extra C, 6.25c; Golden C, 6.15c;
General Merchandise.
There Is no further change to report In any
tl BMF-7ffl7%<: for Steers and 6®6V4c per lb for
C0 VEALr-LarBe. 7%®8c: email. 8®9o per Ih.
MUTTON-Wethers, 7%@Sttc;. .Ewes, 7@7V6c
P< T r ,A^°T^-Ppri«P- 8%©9c per pound. ¦
¦POUK— Live Hogs. 180 ¦ lbs and under, 6^4c;
180 to 225 lbs. 6^c: 225 and over, 5V4@6c; te*4..
erg/ i; dressed Hogs, 7«@3}4c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV*c .under quotaions. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium, ,9c; light. 8@8%c: Cow
Hides' 8V>c for heavy and S%c for light; Stags,
6V.C- «alted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9%c: Salted
Calf "lOc- Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 13%@14c; Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c ; Culls and Brands,
iwmc- Sheepskins, shearlings, lotfJSOc each;
short Wool 30@30c each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool S"cflh each; Horse Hides, salt., $2 60 for
Srce and$2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for
farce Jl "5 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
foil or medium skins, 30c: .winter or thin skins,
20c Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
emooth. W)c; medium. 35c. . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4'^c per lb; extra
fine 6c- No. 2, 3V4@4c; grease. 2@2V£c.
WOOL-Sprlng. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
M>ndocino 15@lGc per lb: Northern, . free. , 12®
13c" defective. 9@llo: Middle County, free,' 10®
Uc : do defective. 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8^9c- Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c; do. de
fective 7 mbnths.-7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine. 15
tf?ific- do medium and coarse. 14@16c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good. 9@Uc;
Nevada,' 10012c... ¦' ....
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. ,
S an Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
' The protracted dullness of the market has led
to cutting on the part of several houses, and
Hams and Lard are rather lower in conse
quence.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c
for extra light and la^c for sugar-cured; East
em suear-cured Hams, 12H(S13c; Mess Beef. $12
P e? barrel? extra Mess. $12 50: Family $1150;
prlme Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $23; Mess,
J19; Smoked Beef. 13*4©14c per lb. ,
LARD— Tiercs quoted at b?*c per lb for com
nound and 10ffil0%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ro""ffl(Ac: 10>lb tins. 10%@Wic: 5-lb tins,
10 mTTOLENE-One half-barrel, 8%<S; three
half-barrels; 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8Vfcc; five tierces, 8-^c per lb.
The market exhibits no new features..
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-drted, l&@2c; Peaches,
3V>@4c for standard, 4%@3%c for choice and 6®
C>ic for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3@4c;
unpitted.\l(91?4c; Nectarines, 4©4Hc for red and
. PRUlfES— 4 e sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6'ic; B0-60s. 4%c;
60-70s SV4C- 70-SOs. 3%c; 80-90s. 2?ic; 90-100b.
2i4e: l"n-12Cs. lV6c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, ISo per lb; choice, lie;
¦standard 10c- primf, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10V4c per
lb- choice, SY-c; standard. 8%c; prime, -8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes.
6^c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. SVlc, and
4-crown, 5V£c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5Hc;
London Layers. 2-crown, n 60 per box; 3
crown $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
No^l^ftshell. 10011c; No.
2 7Vi«8c; No. 1 hardshell,, 10c; No. 2. .6!&7c;
Almonds. 13©Mc for papershell. 10@llc tor soft
sholl and 5®6c for hardshell: Peanuts. a@6c
for Eastern? Brazil Nuts. 115311%c; Filberts,
12©12'/.c: Pecans. ll(S13c; Cocoanuts. $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 11®
lWc for lipht amber; water white extracted,
4V.*@5V-c: Heht amber extracted, 3V4@4Vic; dark,
3'ic.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Eastern, ?2 25@2 £0 per box; local,
green. 35@5Cc. ' * • „_
APRICOTS— 75c@$l 23 per crate and 50c@$l 2j
per box. ¦ „
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2663 boxes, sell
ing at 25«i50c per box for red, 40@6oc for darK
and 8.ic@$l for Royal Anne.
CHERRY PLUMS— 65@75c per drawer.
STRAWBERRIES— 6H9c per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries. Receipts
were 234 chests and 540 crates. The latter sola
at 85c@?l per crate. , '
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle, ?1 50 per
RASPBERRIES— 50@55c per drawer; from
Newcastle. $1 2501 £0 per crate. •¦ ¦
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@30c per drawer; Eng
lish, per lb. . ', „__„
CURRANTS— 35©60c per crate, and 3o@60c per
drawer. „ _,„'„
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, <oc@*2 _>;
Seedlings. 60c@$l 50; Tangerines, B 00 ®^. 2 '!
Lemons. 75c@U 25 for common and $1 50g2 60
for Rood to choice: Grape Frolt. .. 50c«n o0;
Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas. $1 5002 oO
per bunch for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hon
olulu; Pineapples, |2@4 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
.Ten cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows; Fancy Navels. S5c@$l 80; choice do, 60c
@$140V standard do, 50c@»115; seedlings, 40c@
$110. '¦ '¦•;
The feeling In Oranges continues weak, as
buyers are faking the new summer fruits in
preference. Lemons and Limes continue in free
supply and quiet. yi!*'L'£i.
Receipts of Cherries were not large, but the
demand was light. Prices stood ¦ about the
same. Apricots were lower under Increased
arrivals of 215 crates. Green Apples were slow
of sale.
Currants were in larger receipt and quiet,
and Gooseberries continued dull. ,•'¦¦',
The canners were In the market -for black
Cherries at 4c per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts^ 15c; seconds, 14c;
store. 13c. _ ' - .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 3c; choice,
V£c- common nominal; Young Americas, 9&c;
Eastern, full cream. 14®10c per lb.
California Ranch— Selected White, 14%c;
mixed colors. 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12Hc; standard,
12c; seconds, .
BUTTER— ' '-¦¦ •'
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTEK-Creamery, 17V5018C per lb
fancy and 16Vfc@17c for seconds; dairy, 14016V4C
per lb. i,
CHEESE— New, 8@0c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c. . ' '
, EGGS— Ranch, 14%«?16c for good to fancy,
store, 12 1 ,£@13 l /&c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS
The market Is overstocked • with Eggs. Re
ceipts are very largo and ; the demand Is In
sufficient, to consume them. The market Is
weak, but prlces ( are no lower. Cheese Is also
weak and 'in liberal supply. • "
Quotations for Butter stand the same all
around. There Is plenty of stock on the mar
ket, and the demand Is nothing extra.
Receipts were 100,500 pounds ar.d 236 tubs or
Butter, 2373 cases . Eggs, SOO cases Eastern
Eggs, 12.150 pounds California Cheese and ;
pounds Eastern Cheese. •, •. • "
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, POULTUY-Llve Turkeys. »©llo for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese,' per pair, $1 230
1 60; Goslings, $1 23@2; Ducks. $3 60(8>4 60 for
old and $1 C0@5 00 for young; Hens, $3 60®4 B0;
young ', Roosters, $8(57; ' old , Roosters. $4@4 60;
Kryejs, II oOJJS; Broilers. $3®4 for large and
$1 7502 60 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and SI 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME- Hare,. Jl© 1 25; Uabblts, )X 25<0"l 60 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
A car' of Eastern Is expected to-day
Poultry and Game.
Plant. 10(0150 per lb; Green Corn, . 10©SOo per
doif n. ; ¦ ¦
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Slay, 20.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 61c.
TACOMA, Wash., Mcy 20.— Wheat— Quiet and
unchanged; blue -stem, 61c; club, 59c. :
PORTLAND, Or., May 20. — Clearings, $351,064;
balances, $56,421.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 20.— The. wool auction sales
closed to-day with offerings of 11,952.. Competi
tion was fair and prices were generally firm.
At the opening of the series merinos met with
a good demand at unchanged rates. German,
French and home buyers operated with great
freedom, particularly when New South V>ales
and Queensland flne-haiied stock was. offered.
This competition soon advanced the price of
these grades 5 to 7% per cent. Medium and in
ferior grades also hardened 5 per cent, but
later, owing to a falling off in the volume
of Continental competition, values receded
somewhat. The close, however, was firm at
par to 5 per cent above the March average.
During the series 22S.C17 bales were cata
logued, of which 103,000 bales were sold on the
Continent, 4000 to'America, 4S.000 held over and
the remainder to the home trade.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 20.— Consols, 04Vi; silver, 27Vid;
French rentes., 101 f 65c; cargoes on passage,
qujet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 3Cs; . English country markets, steady;
import into United Kingdom, wheat, 275,000;
import into United Kingdom, flour. 249,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom.
3,420,000; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent, 1,830.000. • ¦ '. ¦ • : ' . ' „'
LIVERPOOL. May« 20. —Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California. 6s l%d@Cs 2d; .wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; Frencn
country markets, firmer; weather In Engianu,
fine, warm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 5-lCd. 1
. . . CLOSIN*G. ...
WHEAT-Spot red Western winter No. ¦ Z.
5s HVfcdi.No. 1 Northern spring, 6s J4d; new
California. 6s lV4d. Futures, quiet; July,
6a lid; September, Es~ lOd. •'.' -
CORN— Spot; steady; American mixed, new,
4s W; do old, nominal. Futures, quiet; July,
3s llttd.- September, 3s ll^d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and: afloat- on
Saturday, ' May IS. i^s compiled by the New
York rroduce Exchange Is as follows: - '
Wheat. «, 133,000 bushels; decrease, 3,263,000
bushels. . ..
Corn. 13,913,000 bushels; decrease, ; l,42a,coo
bushels. ¦'..' ' -o- nnn
Oats. . 10,724,OCO bushels; decrease. j2o,000
, U Ryl. S S62,000 bushels; decrease, 10.000 bushels/
Barley, 926,000 bu3hels; Increase, 199,000
bushels. ; . . \
Visible Grain Supply
' There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
The following were ex-divldend yesterday:
Spring Valley Water, 42c: Central Light and
Power, 4c; Hutchison Sugar, 20c; California
Fruit Canners, COc.
Tho Alta Mining Company Is assesses 5c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
V .; ¦ ¦ . j ' '.
MONDAY. May 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Eid.Ask. . Bld.Aik.
43 quar coup.. 113^114 Is qr cp (new).13S l&
4s quar reg....ll3%114 3s quar coup.. 100&UO
.MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Bay Co P 5s..lO4»i — fOmnlbus R 6s. 126 —
Cal-st Cs 117%11SVS Pac G Imp 4s. — —
STOCK MARKET.
The only change worthy of note on the morn
ing session of the Bond Kxchange was an ad
vance In Contra Costa Water to tS30S2%. The
market was quiet.
There was little change In the afternoon.
FOR MONDAY. MAT 20.
Receipts of Produce,
barrels.- 10c rnor*; half-barrels. 25c more: **>*«•;
DOc more; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No order* "« e
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doml
nos., half-barrels. 4.50c; boxes. «..oo per 1b.
THE SAN FRA/NCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 21, ,1901.
Continued, on Pag3 Eleven.
CHICAGO, May 20.— Cattle— Receipts, 20.000.
Choice steers etcady; others. shade lower. Good
to prime - steers, $5 10S5 ?5; poor to | medium,
$405 05; Btockers and' feeders, J3@5; cows. $2 85
@4C5; heifers. »2 9O@4 85; bulls, • J2 9004 40;
calves,* J3 SC(go 50; -Texas fed steers*, t* 25®5 40;
Texas bulls, 12 75©3 85; dinners, J215©2 85.. •• ...
Hogs— Receipts to-day, *S5, 000; to-morrow, 19,-
C00; left over, estimated 15C0. • Steady to strong,
active;, top. $8. Mlxod and butchers,' J3 70®
5 95; eood to choice heavy, $5 SJQ6; rough heavy.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. May 20.— Cotton closed • un
changed. ¦ • C
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
ir. CWi SO; light. Jo 60^3 DO; bulk of sales. $3 SO©
5 02^4.
¦"•¦' Sheep— Receipts, 1S.C00- '¦>' sheep . steady - to
strong; lambs strong to JOe higher, nctlvp. Good
to choice wethers.. $4 30<ff4 GO: Western she^n.
U 30<&4 GO; yearlings. $4 S0©4 75: nntlve lambs,
HfM;7j' U'Mitorn tumid S i S.',(!TS 75.
Flour, qr sks.... 13.615 Straw, tons *»
Wheat, ctls 10.300 Shorts, sks **
Barley, ctla ..... 22.475 Feed, sks ... «*
Oats, ctls 430 Broom Corn, bills ZJj
Kye. ctls 615 Sugar, ctls 2.800
Corn, ctls ....... CO Wine, gals ...... 19.380
Potatoes, sks .... 3,200 Brandy. gals ... l.foo
Wool, bales S3 Lime, bbls , l l»-
Onlons, ska 1.231 Quicksilver, flsks ; J
Bran, sks 1.34S Leather, rolls .. «»
Middlings, sks .. 125 Hides. No ZS3
Hay, \tona 1.223 Pelts, bdls *
OREGON*.
Flour, qr sks.... 8.971 [Potatoes, sks ... .4.013
' Last T.his I Last
STATIONS. 2* Hours Season. »33ascn.
— —
Ke.
Kr<
In< :
La
Eu
;reka 0.46 46.S6 48.59
¦d Bluff 0.10 24.37 22.94
cramenw 0.10 19-61 20.24
JI Francisco 0.20 20.71 18.42
¦csr.o 11.03 10.27
(3ependence 5.61 3. Co
n Luis Obispo 0.C2 30.96 17.20
is Angeles 15.60 7.S1
n Diego 11.26 5.39
' Last T.his I Last
STATIONS. 2* Hours Season. »33ascn.
— —
Ke.
Kr<
In< :
La
Eu
;reka 0.46 46.S6 48.59
¦d Bluff 0.10 24.37 22.94
cramenw 0.10 19-61 20.24
JI Francisco 0.20 20.71 18.42
¦csr.o 11.03 10.27
(3ependence 5.61 3. Co
n Luis Obispo 0.C2 30.96 17.20
is Angeles 15.60 7.S1
n Diego 11.26 5.39
Organized Under the Laws of the State of New Jersey.
Preferred Stock, = $16,250,000
Common Stock, - 20,000,000
MANUFACTURERS OF HEAVY ENGINES, MINING AND
? OTHER MACHINERY.
' ' y ' ¦
$8,400,000
SEVEN PER CENT. CUMULATIVE AND, CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK.
OFFERED BY THE UNDERSIGNED FOR SALE AT 103 PER CENT.
payable, with accrued dividend, at tho rate of seven per cent, per anium from May 1. 1901.
50 per cent. May 24, 1901, I
50 per cent. July I, 1901, j
¦with the privilege of anticipating the latter payment. Negotiable receipts will be Issue*
against payments, exchangeable for engraved certificates of stock as soon as they can b«
. Pr6 T"e Preferred Stock, In shares of $100 each. Is preferred la liquidation to the amount
¦ of Its par value and accumulated dividends. |
It Is preferred In cumulative dividends to the extent of seven per cent per annum, and
has a further preference of one per cent., non-cumulative, after the payment of seven p«*
cent, upon the Common Stock.
It Is convertible Into Common Stock, share for share, at tho option of the holder,
upon any first day of May until and Including May 1. 1321. exclusive of any declared dlvl-
No additional Preferred Stock can be Issued at less than par In cash, or for property
at such cash value. •• : ¦ ¦ . wrii
The certificate of Incorporation confers authority upon the Board of Directors, In their
discretion, to declare and pay dividends on th* Common Stock concurrently wlt,h the Pre-
ferred Stock, -when earned and applicable thereto.
The fiscal -year of -the company commences May 1. The Preferred Stock Dividends are
payable quarterly, commencing August. 1. 1901. Application will be duly made to list th»
Preferred and Common Stocks on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Allls-Chalmers Company^j-epresenta the consolidation of the property and business
of the following builders of heavy machinery: . .
¦¦¦ The Edward P. Allis Co., of Milwaukee, Wis.
Frasei* & Chalmers, incorporated, of Chicago, 111.
. Gates Iron Works,,of Chicago, 111.
Dickson Mfg. Co , of Scranton, Pa. (exdnvrz of Locomotive Wcrki).
All property acquired Is to. be conveyed In fee and free ' from mortsrase o*
other lien.
No mortgage can be placed upon the property without the assent of seventy-five per
cent, of the amount of Preferred Stock outstanding.
The expert engineer. Mr. Julian Kennedy, reports, after several personal examinations
of the properties, that he estimates "the value of the plants, taking^ Into account the real
estate buildings, machinery, tools/ patterns, drawings and patents, together with tho cost
of organizing and getting Into full operation, bnt not estimating anything tor
eooA will, at $0,035,000."
He further reports, under date of April 5. 1901. as follows: i
"I find the plants all running at their fullest capacity. The great bulk of the tools
In all of these are comparatively new, having been put In within tha last seven or eight
years, and all the works are In good condition and running smoothly;," '.,' •
The security of the Preferred Stock, without any consideration for the ad-
vRntafce" acrfritinq: from the consolidation, for the -valuable good frill
of the nevejral Companies, so long and favorably known all lover the world, or
for the earning capacity of the United Companies, will' be substantially as follows:
Cash Capital *• • • ¦ • ? • $10,000,000
of which Ham $2,B00,0O0 will be expended in thi t
' erection of an additional plant to donble the pres >
ent capacity of the Allls Works.
Valuation an above of existing; plants owned in f e«
and free of lien • 9,035,000
Total prenent value of tangible property ! 10,035,000
The total issue of Preferred Stock agfalnst this prop-
erty is* 16,250,000
all of which is Issued for cash at par. or. in lieu of cash, for the plants at less than their
valuation as above stated, and ¦ of which total Issue there will be mor ¦ than 61 per cent.
v In cash, and the balance will be In property that produces much mo than the cumu-
lative dividend to which the Preferred Stock is entitled.
Of thej total Preferred Stock. $7,830,000 has been accepted by tha or! nal Companies in
• lieu of ¦ cash. In part payment for their properties to be conveyed to t s Company. Tha
* remaining $8,400,000 Is now offered for sale to provide for the discharge of existing mort-
gages and for part of the above-mentioned Cash Capital, the remainder hereof being pro-
vided by the sale of Common Stock already consummated. • .
The accounts of the several concerns have been' examined by Messr Jones. Caesar A
. Co.. chartered accountants, who certify "that the combined profits of t ¦ ese Companies. In •
each of the last two fiscal years, after making full provisions for ¦ de i edatlon and bad
debts, but without charging interest and management salaries, exceed " 1 the amount re-
quired to pay seven per cent dividends upon $16,250,000 Preferred Stock. Whilst for tn> last
I fiscal year the profits, as above defined, considerably exceeded such arpeunt." It .was not
until the last year that thejiew works of Fraser & Chalmers came iMo full operation.
The net profits for the iiscal year ending May 1, 1302, are estimaWd by the- chief of fl-
clals'of the respective companies, without any allowance for increaii of manufacturing
capacity, or for the economies of consolidation, or Increase of priceW at sufficient to pay
dividends at the -rate of seven per cent, on the $16,250,000 Preferred jStock and about four
per cent, on $30,000,000 of Common Stock. Including the economies ftbm consolidation con-
fidently anticipated by these authorities, .the net profits for the *ime period should ex-
ceed the amount required to pay seven per cent, dividends on bothr classes of stock.
' The same officials similarly estimate that upon the completion, of the additional Allls '
"Works, now In process of construction, the profits will be equivalent to eight per cent.' on
$16,250;000 of Preferred Stock and ten per cent, on $20,000,000 o£ Common Stock, with a
material addition to the Surplus Account. /
The Allls. Fraser & /Chalmers and Gates Iron Works plants na-re
been operated ni&rht and day during; the past few years, and hnvr,
.' from lack of capacity, declined In that period as mnch business a*
they have been able to accept. NK0
The business of these concerns, with more than fifty per cent. Increase of capacity and
ample cash capital, will be conducted by the Messrs. Allls and Reynolds, of E. P. Allls
Company: XV. J. Chalmers, of Fraser A Chalmers, and Gate* & Hoyt. of Gates Iroa
Works, who have successfully managed their respective works for many years.
The Board of Directors has been constituted as follows:
EDWARD D. ADAMS, New Vork. CHARLES AUIS, Mtlwankee.
MARK T. COX. Ornnse, X. J. -TULLIAM W. ALLIS. Milwaukee.
WM. L.ELKIXS JR., Philadelphia. FRANK G. BIGELOW. .Mllwaake*.
ELBERT II. GARY, New York. W. J. CHALMERS, Chicago.
., IIEXRY W. HOYT, Chicago. JAMES H. ECKELS. Chicago.
WILLIAM A. READ, New York. MAX PAM. Chicago.
•J JAMES STILLMAX. New York." ' , EDWIN REYNOLDS, Mllwanke*.
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT. New York.
The regularity 'of the Incorporation of the AIIls-ChAlmers Company and the -validity «f
the Issue of its securities are certified "to by Messrs.' Strong * Cadwatader. of New Tork
and Messrs. Pam, Calhoun & Glennon. ' of Chicago. 4
The accounts* of the Company will be rerularly audited by Chartered Accountants
SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR THE ABOVE-DESCRinED PREFERRED STOCK
WILL BE': RECEIVED AT THE OFFICES OF THE VXDERSIGXKD ¦ U^-
TIL THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS OV TUESDAY. THE S1ST DAY OF M 1 Y
SUBJECT TO THE RIGHT RESERVED TO REJECT ANY OR ALL *SBI1-
SCniPTIONS. AND TO CLOSE THE SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME WITH-
OUT NOTICE. TEMPORARY RECEIPTS WILL BE ISSUED PESDIXG
THE PREPARATION OF ENGRAVED CERTIFICATES.
The entire amount of this Issue has-been underwritten. .
AFTER PERSONAL- INVESTIGATION WITH THE ASSISTANCE OF EXPERT* IV
THEIR RESPECTIVE LINES, OF THE PROPERTIES. BUSINESS AND EXECUTIVB
, ADMINISTRATION TO BE REPRESENTED BY THE ALLIS-CHALMERS COMPANY
, WE RECOMMEND ITS PREFERRED STOCK AS A MANUFACTURING INVESTMENT*
• IN THE SECURITY,' EARNINGS AND MANAGEMENT OF WHICH WE HAVE EvI
TIRE CONFIDENCE. • -' , V "¦*>£. *~T
Vermilye & Company.
AUCTION SALES
POSTPONED ON ACCOUNT OF RAIN.
AUCTION SALE
£^ ' OF £^
60 HEAD OKNTLE WORK. DIUVINO anj
•¦•,-».: nUSINKS3 HOR3E3.
A ,*, . ¦ Weighing From 10OO to 1110.
Consigned by J. P. HYNK3, BREXTffOOD,
Contra Costa County,
To Be Sold on
THURSDAY MAT 23. looi
At 11 A. M.. at
SALKSYARD, 17J2 MAUKET ST.. CORNER
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
¦ Successors to Killlp & Co.,
Horses now at yard. Livestock Auctioneer*.
Regular Weekly An:tion Sale
TUESDAY. May 21st. at 11 o'clock. 1140 T"ol.«orr»
street, of Horses. Buggies. Wagons and Har-
ness. S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.s : LOS ; ANGELES,; ? May 20.— The '¦'-¦ new,
comet first reported. by the Southern Uni
versity in Chile has been seen fronv Mount
Lowe.-* Professor Edgar L.' Larkin, | dlrec-,
tor; of the Mount Lowe Observatory,7ob
tained-an-excellent-view, of the comet: on
Saturday night, when it was in right as
cension 5 . hours . 58 « minutes, : arid in north
declination -5 degrees '4 minutes. : The tail
was short, but well defined. '" :; -."••¦
Sees I the -New Comet.
"Dope" Morrissey Arrested.
"Dope" Morrissey was arrested by the
police yesterday on suspicion of being one
of three men that held up Pat Sullivan of
29 Welch street and relieved him of his
silver watch and a small sum of money
last .Saturday night. Morrissey was
charged with robbery. His case r*omes up
in the Police Court to-day.
LONDON, May 20.— Andrew Carnegie |
has given £2,000,000 to establish free edu- j
cation in four Scotch universities — Edin
burgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen and St. An
drews. He stipulates that the beneflcia- 1
rJes be his "Scottish fellow countrymen" •!
only. No : English, Irish, Colonials nor :
foreigners will be eligible. The fund will
apply to medical as well as to commercial
education and will be placed In the hands j
of trustees who will defray the expenses
of Scottish students benefited under tba
scheme. -¦¦¦:'"¦':. .>:--', \/ '¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'¦:••'¦¦ :
Carnegie's gift has been almost the sole
topic of conversation in Edinburgh to
day. Sir William Mulr, principal of the
University of Edinburgh, when inter
viewed on the subject said: ' .~
I regard the gift as one of extraordinary
munificence, and there is no doubt it will
largely increase the number, of students. I
believe that another result will be the free
ing of secondary education. Possibly the;Gov
ernment would make a grant for this purpose.
Arthur P. Laurie, principal of the He
roit-Watt.College, Edinburgh, said:
I do not hesitate to characterize the' appli
cation of the money . as a- mistake. : Poor
parents cannot afford to keep their children
•during a university course, and free university
education would prejudicially affect Institu
tions like the Heroit-Watt Collese. . If Mr.
Carnegie would devote the money to the bet
ter endowment and equipment of universities
it would do an immense deal of good. •
LONDON, May 20.— A meeting was' held
in London Saturday to accept Mr. Carne
gie's gift. ¦ Among -ythose present were
Lord Elgin,' ' Thomas Shaw, M.. P.; A. J.
Balfour, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman,
John Morley, James Brytee and others.
The matter was discussed at length, but
no conclusion was arrived at as to the
best methodof administering the gift. •
Carnegie declares - that all Scotchmen
and Scotchwomen shall enter the univer-.
sities on an equal footing," hence the
money is not given to the students to pay
their fees, but to. the universities them
selves. . . - , ' • '
The system Is made perpetually free and
probably will be under Governmen^aus
"Accordlng to tho educational authorities
the addition of Carnegie's gift presents
considerable difficulties, and for this rea
son the Scotch papers for the present are
rather looking the gift horse in the mouth
while the English press is inclined to cavil
at the method of Carnegie's munificence.
' v The leading Scotch paper, the Edinburgh
Scotsman, says editorially. that Carnegie s
offer is "disconcerting from its very mag
nificence" and proceeds to: show that the
gift I might disorganize the : whole educa
tional system. It points out. that the fees
which students pay are only a small part
of the cost : of educating them, the're
mainderi being; supplied oy. endowments,
and thatHf Carnegie's project were ? to
bring an increase of students, the univer
sities would be compelled to appeal. to, the
public forfurther funds. Then.v If .uni
versity education * is free. ; the .country
will 'soon, be asked, the Scotsman^ con
tends/ to- make" Secondary, education free
also. ¦•. In conclusion, it asserts ;tb^tA.','ac
ceptance of the offer demands ¦ the,* most
careful' consideration, although citjis; an
offer which Scotland cannot deejine^with
out the best 6t good reasons." ' ( i>," '¦:
.The London papers reflect these difficul
ties, while expressing admiration ¦ ; and
gratitude.;. ',*:¦ '¦¦:. ¦"}:,•/ h '~*;\ :
TEN MILLIONS
FOR EDUCATION
Carnegie's Gift to the
Universities of Scot
v land.
Major W. B. Schofleld, a paymaster in
the United States army, also arrived on
the same boat. He is well known in the
city as he- Is" a son ¦ of .. General Schofleld
and at one time was employed in the
Nevada Bank of this city.
With the unfortunate death of -Colonel
Liscum in the Boxer disturbances, Coolldge
was placed in command of the regiment
and made a splendid commander. He
also served with distinction In the San
tiago and Philippine campaigns.
He returns to this country to take com
mand of the Seventh Infantry, at present
stationed at Vancouver Barracks, Wash
ington.- He Is a cousin of Surveyor of the
Port Joseph S. Spear and Is a native of
Boston. -
Colonel Charles A. C<5olidge of . the
Ninth Infantry jj arrived here vesterday,
from China on the 'America Main. He
holds a splendid .record as a soldier and
has seen considerable fighting.
After Fighting Two Years He Be
tuxns to Take Command of .
/ Seventh Kegiment.
COLONEL CHAS. A.- COOLEDGE
' . ARBIVES FROM CHINA
CHIEF OF EL. CAPITAN DIVISION
AND TWO OF THE PICNIC COM
MITTEE MEMBERS. . v>
This is mounted on a manzanita staff, at
the head of 'which is a spearhead of. sold,
A flag exercise will follow. Every one In
the Pavilion will be provided with a flag
to wave and the President will probably
wave his. "The Star Spangled Banner"
will be sung- by the assembled Masonic
host. This will close the exercises an'i
the President will return to the Scott
residence.
The Knights are greatly pleased that
they will be enabled to honor the Presi
dent as originally planned. President Mc-
Kinley received hl3 invitation In Wash
ington and accepted it. The enthusiasm
of the Knights, is indicated by one strik
ing-incident. Last week fifteen Knights
from Siskiyou county packed their para
phernalia over the snow clad mountains of
the north that they might take part In
the procession and reception. .
A Flag^ Presentation.
After this a beautiful American flag of
silk will be presented to the President.
Sir •William McKinley, now President of tb«
United States, will be the gruest of California'
Commandery No. 1. Knights Templar, assisted
by the other comrr-anderles and sojourning
Knights- Templar, at ihe Mechanics' Pavilion
Wednesday afternoon. May 22. 1901, at 3:30
o'clock, unless circumstances now unforseen.
shall prevent. . • . .
-Definite announcements will be made In th*
evening papers of this day and the morning: pa
pers of Wednesday. Tickets and invitations al
ready issued will be good for the occasion, and
the procession will be formed on th« lines
heretofore announced.
W. H. U BARNES, Chairman.
R. P. HTJRLBUT. Marshal.
May a, 1901.
After the procession has entered the
Pavilion, the ceremonies will besln. There
will be ¦ no crowding, for the number of
invitations issued corresponds with the
seating capacity of the Pavilion. General
W. H. I* Barnes will speak briefly, wel
coming and Introducing President Mc-
Kinley. Then the Templars' Prayer will
be chanted by 130 voices, the band ac
companying, and the effect will fee Impres
sive. President McKinley will respond to
the address of welcome.
»
To Mrs. McKinley a truly knightly
greeting was offered yesterday In behalf
of California Commandery. Knights Tem
plar, arid, other commanderies and sojourn-
Ing Sir Knights. To her was conveyed an
elegant device of gold and silver, beauti
fully pictured with Callfornian scenes and
Inscribed, the whole constituting an Invi
tation to attend the Knights Templar re
ception at the Mechanics' Pavilion to
morrow afternoon. R. P. Hurlbut. n.ar
shall, carried the Invitation to the Scott
residence. \Yhen Mrs. McKinley saw th«
gift she was very much pleased end in
sisted that' President McKinley should not
forgo the opportunity to greet the
Knights. >
The general design of the invitation is
a ctreek cross. In the center is- a gold
card upon which the honor of Jlrs. Mc-
Klnley's presence ia requested by th»
Knights Templar. The idea carried out
13 that of a highly ornamental salver. -
Fifteen Hundred Swords.
Unless something unforseen takes place
there will be one of the finest demonstra
tions to-morrow afternoon that th«
Knights Templar have made In recent
years. -In the procession which will es
cort President McKinley from the Palace
Hotel to the Mechanics* Pavilion there
will be 1500 swords. In the Pavilion there
will be gathered 12,000 members of the
Masonic fraternity, representative of all
the orders embraced by It. The proces
sion wfll start at 2:30 ana will be led by
nine trumpeters. Then will come two
platoons of mounted police and a band of
sixty pieces will furnish marching music.
Two hundred mounted Knights Templar
of California Commandery will precede
the carriage in which President McKin
ley will ride and a mounted body guard of
Sir Knights will surround the carriage
Then in the order named will follow on
foot California. Sacramento, Oakland.
Naval of Vallejo and Golden Gate com
manderies, Knights Templar, the last
named having 230 swords In line.
Tlie Official Order.
The following official order has been Is
sued:
California Templars Send
Invitation on Plate of
Precious Metal.
Elegant Gold and Silver
Device Presented to
Mrs. McKinley.
PRESIDENT MAY
GREET KNIGHTS
The Memorial day committee met at
General Shafter's headquarters in. the
Phelan building yesterday afternoon and
selected S Colonel- E. H. . Plummer, . United
States . Volunteers, ; for grand marshal of
the parade and t). E. McKinlay, assistant
United States District Attorney, for ora
tor at the National Cemetery, Presidio,
May 30. Grand Army posts and other pa
triotic organizations -were represented at
the meeting by. Gectf ge H. Wallls, A. S.
Hubbard, J. C. Currier, S. TV. Carpenter,
George T. Johnson, R. E. Dowdall, F.
Cummings, Horace Wilson, C. T. Mastel
ler, Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil, Major
George Filmer. Colonel H. P. Bush and
F. S. Drady. Major General , Shatter,
president of the day, presided at . the
meeting.
A communication was received from
Captain Thomas A. Nerney, in which he
stated that the NavalMlUtia' would join
the parade. A letter irom . George W.
Chaplin signified that Colonel '. Oscar F.
Long Garrison, Army and Navy Union,
would be in line. C. T.- Masteller of the
programme committee submitted an out
line of the exercises. The programme at
the National ; Cemetery will consist of a
prayer by Chaplain A. Drahms; remarks
by General Shatter; reading of Lincoln's
Gettysburg address ;• oration by Hon. IX-
E. McKinlay; minute guns and volleys
by a ¦ firing party. The programme of
evening exercises at Metropolitan Temple
is still under advisement. . There will be
music by the Presidio band, singing by
quartet of male voices, solos and invoca
tion. • .
Colonel • H. P. Bush, from the parade
committee, announced the selection of
Colonel E. H. Plummer for grand mar
shal.
Colonel Plummer served in the Orient
as colonel of the Thirty-fifth Infantry,
United States Volunteers. He Is captain
of the Tenth Infantry, United States
Army, and at present on duty at depart
ment headquarters. ! He was introduced
to the committee yesterday by . General
Shafter and briefly returned thanks- for
the honor bestowed uA»n him.
George T. Johnson, from the committee
on decoration and. transportation, report
ed that there were 2704 soldier graves in
the National Cemetery, Presidio. The
soldier graves in other cemeteries ! were
reported as follows: Laurel Hill, 59; Ma
sonic, 72; Calvary, 71;. Odd Fellows, 201;
Golden Gate, 170; Cypress Lawn, 29;
Home of Peace, 7; Holy Cross, 52. , >
GarfieldPost having signified intention
to decorate the graves in Odd Fellows'
Cemetery the question came up whether
the general committee should \ Include this
cemetery In the estimate for flowers. It
was the sense of the meeting that Gar
field Post, would properly care for the
graves in Odd Fellows' Cemetery..
General Shafter reported that the. chief
gardener at the Presidio would supply
1000 roses. Announcement was made that
the superintendent of Golden Gate Park
would furnish .all the flowers required.
The question of engaging bands evoked
discussion. . It was settled on the sugges
tion of Colonel Bush, seconded by Major
Filmer and Colonel O'Neill, that three
bands be engaged— one for the Grand
Army posts, one for the National Guard
and one for other organizations of the
column. . ' ¦ •
, General Shafter told the committee that
General Long of the quartermaster's de
partment would have: the platform in
the National Cemetery ready for. use in
ample time. The committee ' adjourned
to meet, next Monday afternoon.
D. E. McKinlay Chosen Orator
and Colonel E. BL" Plum
/ mer Marshal.
Plans for -Observance of
-Memorial Day Are
Outlined.
ROSES TO DECK
SOLDIERS' GRAVES
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 20— Stmr Koenl
gen'Luise, from Bremen, for New York. . ;
MO VILLE— Arrived May. 20— Stmr Purnessia,
from New York, for Glasgow,:; and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 20— Stmr Trave,
from New York, for Naples and - Genoa, and
proceeded. . ¦ \ y
¦ BREMEN — Arrived t May '". 20 — Stmr , Grosser
Kurfurst, from New. York, via Cherbourg:.' ¦.. •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 20-Stmr . Em
press of China, from Vancouver, BC, for, Na
gasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong. '. ¦•¦¦¦ •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 20— Stmr Saxonia,
from Boston, via Queenstown. . . ; ..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ DOMESTIC .' PORTS: ; •
i ASTORIA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Georsre W
Elder, hence May 18. , " • .. ¦¦(¦¦¦
Sailed May 20— Br bark Hawthornbank, for
Queenstown. . ¦ '
f PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 20-rSchr Inca,
from Honolulu. .' . :
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Cardinal Gibbons at Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR, May 20.— Cardinal Gib
hons arrived here on the North German
Lloyd Trave. ' en route from New York,
May 11. for Rome.
BAKERSFIELD, May 20.— As the result
of a quarrel at a picnic at the first weir
on Kern River yesterday Irwln Bush Is in
a dying condition at Page's Sanitarium
and R. G. Grimes -is in the County- Jail
charged with assault to murder. The in
jured man was shot through the neck, the
bullet having fractured the spinal column
just below the base of the skull.
Andrew Jeutter, Charles Hogan and W.
E. Bush, the latter a younger brother of
the. wounded man, were eye-witnesses to
the tragedy. According to: their state
ments they, in company with Grimes and
Irwln Bush, had left the picnic grounds to
hunt on the south side of the river. Dur
ing the day Grimes and Bush frequently
quarreled. Finally Bush resented an in
sult by Grimes and the men ' came to
gether. Bush throwing Grimes to the
ground. As Bush straightened up Grimes
drew a pistol and fired.
QUARREL AT PICNIC
LEADS TO SHOOTING
Judge Hunt entered judgment yesterday
in favor of S. Ephraim and against the
Pacific Bank for S7S55 for services ren
dered by Ephraim as receiver of the bank
when it was declared' Insolvent. The de
cision of the court makes the judgment in
favor of Ephraim a preferred claim., "
Ephram Secures Judgment.
'"£>¦ H-ecover. ," *
NEW YORK, May. 20.— A Journal spe
cial from Detroit say3: Now that ex-Sec
retary of War Alger. is aboard ship en
route for Carlsbad, Germany, his friends
say he is hopelessly ill: The fact has been
concealed for months out of consideration
for him. Bright's disease has its grip on
him. He may live - for some months or
even longer, but hl3 end Is only a ques
tion of time. -Ever since General Alger's
enforced retirement from the Cabinet his
physical condition has been % precarious.
For weeks at a time he has been confined
to his room.- Callers have been told. that
his malady was mereiy due to gall stones.
It Is Reported the General Has
Blight's Disease and Cannot
EX- WAR SECRETARY
ALGER HOPELESSLY TLL
Phyllis Gray, 334 (-Stockton street, swore
to a warrant In Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday for the arrest of Alice Forest on
the charge of burglary. Miss Forest is a
dressmaker and lives in the same house.
Bhe made a Bilk dress for Miss Gray val
ued at $139 and Miss Gray had paid the
amount, less <15, which she had agreed to
pay yesterday. Sunday Miss Forest was
ordered by the landlady to leave the house
and It is alleged she broke into Miss
Gray's room and stole the silk dress and
she intended to take it to Seattle with her.
"Woman Accused of Burglary.
Overture; vocal selections. Misses
Katie Mary and Madge Hilgert; rec'ta
tion. Mr. Richards; song. Master Frank
Mackel; recitation. Miss Alice Peirin;
song, Willie Dodge; comicalities by the
funny man. Al Collett: song, Mlsa Lela
Davidson. Liberty Quartet, Charles J.
Donnelly, basso: H. J. Anderson, first
tenor; Buren Kelly, second tenor, and
John W. Andrews, baritone. Specialties,
Will H. Ramsay. Then followed dancing
until midnight under the direction of the
following named: Neighbors A. Linden
baum, Michaels, MahoneyT Perrin, War
ren and* Donahue. Floor manager, A.
Lindenbaum.
Tamalpals Camp of the "Woodmen of the
"World gave an entertainment last night
to its members and friends in its hall in
the Pioneer Building. Despite the rain
there was a large attendance. For the
enjoyment of these there was a pro
gramme made up of the following num
bers:
Woodmen Entertain.
RATS CARRY OFF
MANY DIAMONDS
Mysterious "... Thefts at a
Jewelry Store Are
Explained. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES POLICE
SEEK OAKLAND MAN
v CHICAGO, May 20.— Rat traps Instead
of detectives will hereafter be employed
by Goodrich & Potter, jewelers, to catch
thieves that have been stealing hundreds
of dollars' worth of diamonds and other
articles from their store. In the. course
of six weeks many diamond rings, small
watches, brooches and | other valuables
have been missing. Much mystery sur- :
rounded the thefts, and the clerks began
to look askance at each other. Private
detectives were employed to assist the
watchman to uncover the identity of the
bold' robbers. Last night the private
watchman saw a large rat run out from a
corner and take a diamond ring between
his teeth and disappear with it. The mys
terious robberies had been explained ana
the detectives . who have been watching
the clerks since the middle of April were
relieved from further duty. .To-day:work
men tore up the floor Over the place the
rat was seen to disappear and all the ar
ticles stolen during s the last six > weeks
wera recovered. v
Charge of Forgery Placed
Against Name or William
Gh Hamilton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 20.— William G.
Hamilton," who Is a; member of a promi
nent family of Oakland, , is wanted by the
police of this city on a charge of forgery.
The. alleged J crime "was committed ¦'¦ last
Thursday,, when Hamilton, it ; is | charged,
forged the name of Manager Bailey of .the
Hercules Gas Engine Agency, at 109 North
Los Angeles! street,' to a < check , for $10,
made payable • to ' himself, ' and succeeded
in inducing ~ J. ' "V. Collins, a saloon-keeper
on i the corner of First and Los Angeles
streets, to cash it. The check ¦ was sent
to the clearinc house and ; thence t to ' t the
bank, where the forgery was detected. . ti
- Collins refunded the ¦ money he had ob
tained on it and then. notified. the police.
Hamiltonleft the city and the police are
now endeavoring to ascertain ; his where
abouts. - : - •• ...;-¦¦;,..-.-.• ¦; ¦•.-. ; ; ¦.¦.-,¦ .,¦-:,
-In- addition, to' obtaining: the 'money on
the forged check; Hamilton, it is charged,
appropriated j a | Southern Pacific * 1000-milo
book . belonging : to * the Hercules Gas En
gine Agency 'and used. Ut> .in'.; obtaining 1
transportation, on .leaving- Los Angeles. •».¦/
> Hamilton Is , about\30 years ' old, and his
father ; is & well known resident, of Oak
land,; where" he has -been connected ini an,
official capacity with the Southern Pacific
Company for eighteen years. . %
PHIL.ADEL.PHIA, May 20.— Routine
matters occupied the attention of the
commissioners of the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly during the greater portion
of to-day's sessions. The annual reports
of the eight church boards were, submit
ted to the General Assembly, and three of
them, ministerial relief, education .and
freedmen, with the reports of their stand
ing committees, were disposed of. The
others will be taken up to-morrow and
Wednesday, when it is expected the desk
will be clear for the discussion of the re
vision committee's report, which is the
special order for Thursday.
During the afternoon session Moderator
Minton announced the appointment of
Robert Pltcalrn of Pittsburg as vice mod
erator. Dr. Minton also appointed a com
mittee of five to complete the. details of
the Peoria overture— the new plan of
electing standing committees. A resolu
tion was adopted deprecating the action
of the directors of the Pan-American Ex
position in opening the gates on Sunday,
and earnestly urging the' closing of the
exposition on that day. •
The special committee "on Sabbath ob
servance protested against the publica
tion of Sunday newspapers and all use of
the Lord's day for business purposes or
commercial interests.
The^report of the special committee on
judicial commissions came up for consid
eration, but debate was interrupted by
adjournment.
Presbyterian Convention
Deprecates Their Pub-
. / ' lication.
PROTEST AGAINST
SUNDAY PAPERS
PRESIDENT EXPECTS TO
REVIEW LEAGUE CADETS
Preparations Are Being Made by-
Regiment to Drill Before the
President. •.
The competitive drill of the League of
the Gross Cadets, which was postponed
from Friday evening on account of the ill
ness of Mrs. McKInley, will be held to
morrow evening in Mechanics' Pavilion.
The drill was one of the events on the
Presidential programme, and the cadets
had made elaborate preparations in honor
of President McKinley. The President has
promised that, should he be able to par
ticipate in any receptions during the week,
he will visit the drill, as originally ar
ranged.
The cadets are confident that he will be
present, and they have planned a most
enthusiastic reception for him. It will be
the chief event of the evening. Then the
entire regiment will march past in review.
The contest for the "officers trophy" be
tween four crack companies of the regi
ment will be exciting. Company D holds
the trophy at present, and companies H,
K and L will be its rivals. The. judges
will be officers from the Presidio. Many
novel features have been arranged. The
evening will open with a concert by the
regimental band at S o'clock. All invita
tions for last Friday will be honored, and
ushers are notified to be present in due
time.
Uncle George Bromley to Be the Orator for the Ah=
inuajt Picnic To=florrow at Camp T^lot£
"W. E. Davidson who becomes the head
of the Order of Railway Telegraphers on
the entire coast, is an old employe of the
Southern Pacific Company. He originalb
worked for them in Nevada and after
ward on the Sacramento division with
headquarters at Sacramento. When the
line between Benicia and Sacramento was
added to the western division he was sent
to Oakland to handle that very difficult
piece of road. He is one of the most ex
pert dispatchers In the employ of the com
pany and Is a man trusted both by the
company and by the Order of Railway
Telegraphers, whicn he now represents.
He now stands between the company and
1100 organized telegraphers out of 1300 em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Company.
Some changes have taken place in the
officers of the Order of Railway . Teleg
raphers on this coast that are of the ut
most importance and may have great
bearing upon the future of organized rail 7
road orders in this State.
George Estes. who has been the active
head of the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers on this coasc and who held the
position of general chairman of the South
ern* Pacific system division No. 53, has
retired from this position and Grand Mas
ter M. M. Dolphin has appointed W . h..
Davidson of Oakland to succeed him. t>.
A. Meyer, who was general secretary and
treasurer of the division with Estes. has
also retired and has been succeeded by-
D. W. Koppikus of East Oakland. The
resignations of Estes and Meyer are now
on their way to Grarid Master Dolphin at
the headquarters of the Order of Railway-
Telegraphers at St. Louis, and Dolphin
has wired the two appointments pro
tem. It is probable that both of the new
men will be given permanent places, as
they stand high among the telegraphers
and have held positions of trust before.
George Estes has been a most important
figure in railway employes' organizations
for several years, lie was originally sta
tion agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Ashland, Or. When the Order of
Railway Telegraphers was extended to
this coast he became a member and was
soon advanced to the position of general
chairman of the Southern Pacific system.
the most responsible position that can be
given by the order on this coast.
He made his first public appearance dur
ing the great conference between the four
railroad orders— the engineers, teleg
raphers, conductors and trainmen— with
the late Collis P. H'intington over the in
surance scheme. He was selected by the
general committee of all four orders to
present the case of the men to Mr. Hunk
ington. and he did it so well that he earnetT
great praise. He was even mentioned as
a candidate for grand master .of the Order
of Railway Telegraphers.
But when the new general railway or
ganization, the United Brotherhoed or
Railway Employes, was started,
,took a great interest in it. He travp'ed
about aiding in perfecting its organiza
tion, and is said to be slated for th# tiead
of the new order on this coast. Being u
natural organizer, his services were of
great use to the new order.
But his old order did not look witn
favor upon his activity in his new field.
How much this had to do with hip r«v
tirement from the telegraphers is uncer
tain.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 20.
Succeeds Him as Repre-
sentative.
W. E. Davidson of* Oakland
Changes in One of the
Important Railway
Orders.
ESTES LEAVES
TELEGRAPHERS
Mrs. Bonine Tells of the
Tragedy in Washing
ton Hotel.
AYERS' SLAYER
HAS CONFESSED
Mrs. Bonine acknowledged that she was pres
ent when the shooting occurred. She said that
some time prior to March 4 there had been a
•iisagrfeement between herself and Ayres and
that their friendly relations had been broken
until the morning before the tragedy, when she
became friendly with him again. She said she
had no watch nor clock to tell the time, but
it was some time in the morning, presumably
about 2 o'clock, when Ayres knocked on her
doer. She opened it and he told her he thought
he was going to have a chill and wanted to
know if she had anything that would prevent
it. She said that ehe thought she had eome
laxative Quinine and went to her boy's room
ed joining her' 8 to pet it. In the meantime he
was standing In the hall. He was dressed in
his troueefs, coat and undershirt. When ehe
came back 6he said ehe could not find the
quinine. Ayres threw hie arm over her
Fhoulder and asked her if ehe would not come
over to his room, where they could talk over
their differences. To this ehe assented, say
ing she would go as soon as ehe could dress
hereelt. She had been In bed when he aroused
her by knocking at the door and went to the
d->or in her nlsht robe. Ayres left her then
and went back to his room. She dressed her
¦olf, went to his room, opened the door and
entered. Ayres stood behind the door, and as
enon as ehe entered he slammed it and bolted
the lock. He was attired only In his under
shirt, and had a revolver in his right hand.
Fhe was very much agitated and attempted to
make a break toward the window to get out.
He went over and threw his left arm around
hnr. saying, "I guess you will listen to me
row."
Ayr*a rtffl had the pistol In hla right hand.
Fhe grabbed it with her right hand and threw
it up and it went off. In the struggle which
followed ehe got hold of the weapon with both
hands. She does not know how many shots
were fired and does not remember anything
about what took place until AyreR fell over
atrainst her and his blood spurted . over her
Fhoulder. Mrs. Bonine said it was she who
cried frr help and moaned.
Miss Minas, who occupied J.he next room, had
testified to hearing moans, but said she was
too frl«rhtened to give an alarm. Mrs. Bonine
went throueh the window and down the fire
escape to t~* second floor, where there is a
landing. Ehe passed through the parlor and
upstairs to her room on the fourth floor. She
then washed her hands and the wrapper which
Fbe wore. Mrs. Bonine declared that she had
B'ver been intimate with Ayres, but that
when ehe went ir.to the room that nl«ht he
tnade a proposition to her which she resented.
This was the first time he had ever made
ffueh a proposition. Prior to March 4 be had
sometimes been affectionate In his remarks,
but had never made any sort of Improper
propositions. She declared that the reasin why
fhe bad not said anything about the crime be
icre was that ehe wanted to preserve the good
name of her two boys.
Mrs. Bcnlne's statement will be submit
ted to the Coroner's jury to-morrow and
on their verdict will depend the course to
be pursued toward Mrs. Bonine. She has
engaged an attorney.
Story Told by Mrs. Bonine.
The tragedy ¦which resulted, in Ayres*
death became known about half past 8
o'clock last Wednesday morning, when his
dead body was found in his room at 'the
Kenmore. a small family hotel of moder-
Rte prices, situated not far from the Capi
tol. The dead man's full name was James
Sfymour Ayres. He was between 20 and
21 years of age and lived in Port Austin.
Mich., before coming to Washington, as
a clerk in the census office. His father
la a man of some standing in Republican
Ptate politics in Michigan. An examina
tion of Ayres' body showed that he had
been shot three times, one ball entering
the left leg, another the left arm and the
third penetrating the heart and causing
death. Suicide was the first theory ad
vanced, but statements from two wit
nesf-es. that on the night of the murder
they had seen a woman descend a fire
ppcape leading from in front of Ayres'
room at the hotel end disappear into the
I arlor of the house, ended this theory-
Gradually facts were developed which
pointed to Mrs. Bonine, a guest of the ho
x?\. with whom* Ayres had been on very
friendly terras and ¦with whom he had a
falling out. Mrs. Bonine, who had been
subjected to several examinations by a
detective without result, to-day told him
her story and asked his advice. He coun
seled her to tell all she knew, and In the
presence of District Attorney Gould and
the detective she again told the story of
the deed in her own words. Gould would
make no promise as to immunity from
punishment, however, and arrangements
were made for a complete and full recital
of the deed at the office of Major Sylvester,
the Superintendent of Police. Before go
ing to police headquarters, however, Mrs.
Bonine asked that she be allowed to tell
the story to her husband, who was at the
police station at the time. This she was
permitted to do. She then went to police
headquarters, where a stenographic report
was taken of what she had to say. Her
statement was entirely voluntary, i and
during its recital she appeared perfectly
calm and collected. In substance, as re
lated by Major Sylvester, Chief of Police,
it is as follows:
Finally Clears Mystery.
1 ?
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The mystery
attending the killing of James Sevmuur
Ayres. a census office clerk in the Ken
more Hotel early last week, was solved tr>
day by a voluntary confession from Mr-.
Lulu 1. Bonine. a married woman and a
Ruest at the house, that the three shots
which ended Ayres 1 life had been fired in
a struggle between herself and Ayres.
Mrs. Bonine. whose husband is c drum
mer for- the wholesale drug house of
Hewitt & Co., of Chicago, explained her
presence in Ayres' room at 2 o'clock in
the morning by saying: that he had come
to her room complaining of a chill and
asking for medicine, and had induced htr
to follow him to his room to talk over some
matters of difference there had been be
tween them. She said that she dressed
herself in a wrapper and went to his
room. He had preceded her, and when she
opened the door and walked in he quickly
closed it and informed her that he had
enticed her to the room for his own pur
poses, and said if she did not submit to
his wishes he would kill her. Avres, she
said, was undressed and had a revolver
in his hand, and In a struggle 'or Its pos
session which ensued immediately a:ier
Fhe entered it was discharged three times,
the shots striking Ayres at each, dis
charge, the last one proving fatal.
After her statement, which was made
to the Chief of Police and a number of
other officials, Mrs. Bonine was placed
under arrest and taken to the house of
detention, where she wil be held pending:
the result of the Coroner's inauest, which
has been in session since Saturday and at
¦which Mrs. Bonine was to have appeared
to-morrow as a witness.
Lured to the Room of Clerk
Who Was Killed by His
Own Weapon.
RAI LWAY CONDUCTOR PREPARE
FOR MERRY DAY IN REDW00DS
TIIE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 21, 1901i
THE - third . annual " excursion' and
picnic of El Capitan Division No.
115, Order of Railway Conductors,
.will be held to-morrow at Camp
•' Taylor, on the ". North' Pacific
Coast Railroad. The conductors invari
ably-give, one of the' most successful and
enjoyable picnics. of the .year and the
committee in l charge promises that this
shall be no exception.
There is one feature which alone would
insure the relgnr of good-fellowship and
mirth. :\ Uncle George Bromley will be a
sort of guest of honor and the orator of the
day." Uncle George was the first railroad
conductor in California and he takes es
pecial pleasure in these annual gatherings
of railroad 'men and their families and
friends. , ' / -
The excursion will leave the. Sausalito
ferry at 9:30 a. m.; Sausalito at 10 o'clock
and San Rafael at 10:15. ;.
The' committees are as follows: H -
Arrangements— J. ?C.; Fielding, chairman; W.
W Brown, J. G. Sax ton, F. E. Farley, A." R.
Holbert. T. Billtngslea. J. K. Smith.
• Reception— J.-'E. Dlllen, George L. Colegrove,
Hayes P. Speakman, E. ..H. Shoemaker, "W. J.
Hunter, D. McLaughlin. George S.- Smith, F..
W." Salter, M. G.' Pumphrey.-- '
Floor— F. E. Farley, manager ;,J. B. Brady,
S.'H. Davis, Harry Engwicht, A. B. ¦ Spear,
F. H. Green, C. D. Phelps, F. "W. Stearns, A.
H. Hartwig and M. McDonough.
GBAPE-NTTTS. _^
CENT A MEAL
Economy in. Food.
"Ease in getting a "meal and economy,
are two important things," a lady teacher
Fays about the fully cooked food Grape-
Nuts. "I started In on Grape-Nuts be-
cause It needed no preparation whatever,
and I wanted a little lunch before going
to bed, so I had cream and sugar ready
and a package of Grape-Nuts. Pouring
a Uttle of the food into a saucer I treated
It with good rich cream and a little sugar
at v t!raes; usually it was sweet enough.
'1 had a meal that satisfied hunger and
I began to sleep well nights. After a
while I concluded to make my breakfast
of Grape-Nuts and a little fruit rather
than go to the boarding house. I found
that I began to improve very rapidly In
health, and my work became a pleasure.
"I have made a most Important discov-
ery, that is that I can have a meal served
at a cost of about one cent that Is the
most nourfshine meal that I have ever
been able to find, delicious In taste and a
real genuine 'food cure' for stomach and
bowel troubles.
"I have many friends using Grape-Nuts
Food regularly. ** This lady lives at Gros-
beck, Ohio. Name given upon application
by the Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd., at Battle
Creek. Mich. ;
.1 II Mi f THOMAS A. McMAHON
; . 739 Farragut Ave., Chicago, 111., Dec. 7, 1900.
Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N.'.Y.
.Gentlemen :' For. ten years I have .been troubled with liver
complaint, which ; seriously interfered ; at times with my official
duties,: and I often found- it difficult to walk any distance. . I
¦was;dosed with pills and powders until, I lost heart and courage.
At'-; last I ; tried Warner's Safe Cure and I do not wonder l every-
one "speaks well, of tit. Eight * bottles cleaned me from head to
• foot;\and I/am a well man. .
* -(JUDGE) T. A. McMAHON^
. — __ _ _ _ _ — ! -THE SAN FBAifCJSCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 21, .1901.
10
PAN KUA.V^FSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE" or The San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets; open
untii 12 o"clock every niAht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Qay; cix-n until 9:30 p. m.
2iO Kayes street; open until 9:30 p. .m.
623 ?,-.<-AHis:ter street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
6'.5 Larkin street; or*n until 9:30 p. m.
¦ VMl Kiwion street: o:>en until » p. m.
2S"1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S ji. jr.. ¦
M6 # El«venth street: open until 9 p. m.
1G?6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ,m.
Northwest ccrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmoi-e street; open until 9 p. m.
VEETI.XG .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R.^. M., 4 . .
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jk
ING. Slay 21. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated Kjjr
meeting and It. A. degree. By order A
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
ORIENTAL Ledge No. 114. F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) ,-i^_
IiVENiNXJ at 7:30 o'clock. *LJ\
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec, r^r >
CALIFORNIA Council No. h<ai5— s
ISO. Nail inai Union, meets
TO-NIGHT, Elks - Hall. "' 1 \gL
Sutter st. Initiation, re- "*
frtFhments and entertainment. Visitors cor-
dially welcomed.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
CHAS. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15. .^
American Association of jB&WBfc^^^
il?.st»:-s and Pilots are re- §Jl5B£a^^^
quested to attend the fun- f>j\. Jgfr''
frsl of our late brother, J. w*)^^^
M. HOWARTH. THIS DAY "
<TUEFDAY). May 21. at 9 o'clock a. m.,
from St Francis Church. Vallejo st.
L. P. HARVEY. W. C.'
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary. ¦' ¦ ' .
TTir; Caledonian CJub will hold its v
tMrty-fiith annual tratherlng and 'A y \{-7
peiaea at Shell Moucd Park on "&.X£*
THIRSDAY. Mav 30. The best '^=s.^*
r«hlc-t°s of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over J25C0 will be distributed.
Tvl\ bands for pavilion dancing up. to S
p. m. Bagrpijiers for platform and fancy
cuutdnc. Over forty events on programme:
tr>ji one. A Highland welcome with a full
' <iav of pleasure to all. Buy round-trip ferry
ticket* for Shell Mound Park. Admlssl-jn to i
pr< unds adults, 50c; children, 25c.
COMMITTEE.
ANNl'AL MKETING — The regular "annual
r.-if-etirg of the stockholders of the Olympic
Pelt Water Company will be held at the
office of th» company. 327 Market st. San
Frsncifco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. 1901. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
Tor the" purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors «o serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business ai may
. come before the meeting. Transfer books
wiil close on rrlday. May 17. 1901, at 3
1 o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Offlcg ?S7 Market ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
AGEXTS WANTED.
M \N to solicit In city or country: can make
frrm f? to ?5 per day. Apply at 3 Taylor st.
adoptionI
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
blfs. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASFIiALTUM HOOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pa.ir<>d: poptsl. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
¦ practice. Room "2, 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
( W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L,. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket 6t. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
CA7US.
YOU can jjet "boiling hot water for baths i
n-lthout extra cost. Ring up LANE, the
Plumber. Main 315: 603 California st.
RUA»DI\T. FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best 1
¦care;gunny yard:nr.t>chool:reasonable.l607 Cal. |
BOSISKSS CHAACES. j
A— $3:0; DELICACY store with branch bakery; I
_ living rooms; rent $18; choicest location: Va-
" ler.cla st. ; come make an offer. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26'i Kearny et.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place in j
this city; rent ilO; place clears easily $150 1
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. £6 : 4 Kearny st. I
A— nC0; CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms, [
or. Iiranr.an st.; good business; close to fac- !
tories. Call K. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — S10<;0: HALF interest In leading restaurant: 1
private boxes: located clcte to Powell and j
Market sts. R. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny Et. j
A-52COO; BOARDING and livery stable. West- \
em Addition; net rent $48; clearing above tl50
per month; large patronage: stock of bug-
fries. horses and harness first class. Call R.
G. WILKE. :6U Kearny et. " |
A— JSOO; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms; established years; rent $55: .location
can't be beat and the business Is first-class,
•.ail R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1700; ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business street; rent £65; first-class pay-
ing establishment: owner compelled by sick- !
ness to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, I
1C% Kearny st. . • I
A— $1100 ; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath: very choicest business location; rent
f2S; investigate and make an offer; a rare
and good chance. Call K. G. WILKE. 26>i
Kearny st.
A— S40C0; SALOON on Market st; place estab- '
tlished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness in family com-
pels cwrer to sacrifice; a mint. Call R G.
_ WILKE. 26',^ Kearny et. .
A— CANDY store in Western Addition $350 i
Delicacy store: good stock; no opposition. 500 1
Saloon In business district 4500
-Saloon near beach. $400; saloon and lodg- -
ing house 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market fit. 2000
Merchandise business In good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 4000 ;
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses. I
delicacy stores, in all parts of city, from $100 •
up. EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st. j
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars. '
300 candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants, i
SCO stores of al! klnde; partners wanted. i
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you I
want to buy a business call and see us. * i
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
FOR private *ale— Some of best saloons in city.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market et. I
A— RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon, known as
a good-paying business; seating ICO people;
must be sold at once; come and make an
offer; call between 11 a. m. and 3 p. m. The
Creamer}'. ~~1 Kearny Et.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars," res-
taurant*, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
drug Btores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
$430— CORNER grocery and bar; old establish- !
ed business: rare chance. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777i,i Market st.
1325— DAIRY depot; line trade; will support a
family. _ LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market st.
COfNTRY paying business wanted; we have
cash customers for any paying investment.
Bus. Board Trade. 326 Pine; phone Davis 326."
ANYONE desiring an interest in a manufactur-
ing biu>'-3C£« with rr^at future. Call at IIS
Phclaa building.
MUST be sold— A small chicken ranch; incuba-
tors, brooders end improvement*. 404 Carolina.
T20U— REETAL'TtAKT for sate; 7 living rooms"
, MKS. L. LIXD, Tlbunn. Cal. ' !
RESTAURANT, good place for man and wife; '
vtry low rent. Address Box 3170. i
BAKERY— An old established and well paying
bakery in a prosperous country town, which I
thar both a good store trade and outside
route.*: living rooms, with furniture; horses
end wagons; everything complete and in good
running order; will b« sold at a sacrifice: a.
rreat chance; good reason for selling;. Ad-
dress box 3107, Call office. -
FOR Sale— i3CC0: old-\£tabllshed flower Ftore.
with nursery, hothor.se, etc.. boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
«-tabllFhed._ many yeai>> and doing a money-
makir.g buMneFt. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. ICO Haight St.
J5C00 WILL buy a business, profits $2300 per an-
num; no fake, no asents; books wide-open;
good reasons, for- selling; best location; trans-
fer corner; established 10 years; this is a snap
Address box B. C. Call office.
FOR Kale— A well fitted up beer and billiard
saloon on Market St.. near City Hall, llc-
LEOP & HATJE. wholesale liquor mer-
chants. £13 Market «t
$32,000— PROPERTY fsr sale: end of car line;
grocery and bar clearing $250 a month; lot
100x120; building, stable, stock and fixtures
all new. Box 3139. Call, office.
DENTAL office, well advertisc-d. doing a busi-
ness of $C09 a'month; this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 4U44. Call
office.
SALOON; old-established corner: 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms; must sell; other business., C54 4th.
FIRST-CLAfiS lickery for sale in country town.
Address box 2350. Call office. Oakland.
LADY nf means wishes to buy a central busi-
MM location. Box S1C4. Call office.
! --- nl? - S ? yESS CHANCES — -CoTittniie'il.
' $1200— STEAM laundry; long established and
I doing large and very profitable - business,
j HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.
$S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: daily receipts $10 to $12; 4 rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
neps call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st.; telephone Main 10C4.
I FOR SALE. ' - .
"The Southern Saloon," 201 Powell st., cor-
ner O'Farr.;ll, will be sold cheap If taker
before June 1. Apply at saloon.
WANTED— Business partner with $3000 capital;
J300 day clear profit. Call or address J. D.
M.. room'. 73. Chronicle building.
FOR sale— Complete fixtures for a cigar stand;
•also a canl machine; a barga'n if sold to-
day. Northeast cor. Davis and Commercial.
A 3-STORY brick lodging-house, nicely located
and paying well, is offered, $2000: below what
It pays interest on; proof given; reason,
changing residence; would lease. Address
F. S. CARR. Marysvllle, Cal.
ANY parties wishing to sell first-class hair
stores address box 3135. Call office. .
CAPITAL for manufacturing: safe Investment.
Address H. K.. 106 Eleventh st J>
MAN with $300 to join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box» 2433. Call office.
BARGAIN in thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar store. Point Richmond. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent
719 Market St.. by the Call building.
8 rooms; rent $20; income $3S; terms $100
down and $100 in monthly Installments.. $200
11 rooms; new piano: quiet; respectable.. 300
16 rooms; rent $50: Income $100 1000
20 rooms; rent $50: income $100; Market st. 900
14 100ms; cost $1000; downtown: full 500
17 rooms; income $135: clears $70 month.. 750
14 rooms: new carpets; new furniture:
full; rent J40; income $80; lawn: large
grounds; includes piano; hasty depart-
ure of owner :. 550
12 rooms: Income $97: oak and mahogany;
hair mattresses; \>on ton: Al location.. SOO
24 rooms; corner; downtown; rent $58;
sunny; central; owner sick: compelled
to sell '.... 1300
S5. rooms $36OO|100 rooms „ $6500
fiO rooms 32"x>l 60 rooms:.. 50C0
43 rooms ". 3500! 42 rooms 2000
36 rooms 700| 36 rooms 1S0O
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. arid 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If ycu have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sires and prices. See list of bargains.
27 rooms; rent $100; cost $3200 to fur. ;• first-
class location: fine downtown house $2600
14 rooms; rent J65; water free; oak fur.. 500
18 ropms; 2 entrances: rent $75; trans 1500
20 rooms; rent $60; water free; good turn. 10OO
24 rooms; furniture new; rent. $50 2100
I 19 rooms; rent JGO; clears $70 1000
15 rooms: rent $70; tltgantly fur. board-
ing-house; reduced on acct. departure.. 1050
SELECT YOt'R HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
7 rooms; well furnished; goad location... $200
19 rooms; big money- maker ; cheap rent.. 500
33 rooms; clears $125 mo.; chiefly offices.. 2000
52 rooms; excellent furniture: a bargain.. 2800
IIS r. modern hous4^ good cor. ; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houseis and country hotels.
Sea our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER -HAYES & CO.. S33 Market st.
TELEPHONE Mint 1SS1.
WINSTON & WOLF,
Real Estate, Insurance. Business Agents,
1C26 Market st.
15 rooms; corner; $300 cash; only..-.; $300
20 rooms; corner; new furniture ' 600
E0 rooms; corner; rent $30 2000
£2 rooms; corner; part cash '.. 2700
Money at IVi per csnt.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00; 35 rooms, price J1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
16 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price ' $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $300.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS — Only $f>50; fine location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house in
th» city, and pay for It
in monthly payments
; from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
IS ROOMS: Mission St.; rent $60; price $725. .
12 rooms: Mason st;.rent $43; price $730.
19 rooms en Grant ave.; rent $75; price J13C0.
13 rooms on Eddy St.; rent $5S; price $650.
1 rooms: Mission St.: rent J25: price $250.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23 Sltfth St.
35 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $200. ...$850
10 rooms; rent ?50; clears |35 per month.. $650
$300 — Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free: pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny Bt.
IS ROOMS; Mission st; rent $60; price $715.
12 rooms: Mason st: rent $45; price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Edds- St.: rent $SS; Drlce $630.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market st— A good list
of lodging-houses.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
¦ st car; sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
and life affairs; trance circles Tuesdays.
Thursdays and Sundays. 8 p. m.. 25c; other
evenings. 10c: readings dally. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m., SI; ladles. 50c. 305 Larkin st.. rms. 87-83.
BURNETT circle Tuesday, 8 p. m. : written
and mental auestlons answered; spirit read-
Ings dally. 13S2 Market, nearly opp. Seventh.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
st.: tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S convincing test meet-
Ing to-night. 10c. 32S0 Twenty-second St.;
skeptics invited; tel. Blue 954.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; reading
daily, 50c. ¦ . ¦
W. G. ICEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth et, 2d floor.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllissler, 10c. Come skeptics.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; wondeful
readings. 50c, Jl. Arnold Dlckson, 148 £lxth st.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister St.. room 35;
circles to-dcy, 2 and S p. m. ; sittings dally.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Wed.;
articles read. 10c; readings dally. 148 Sixth.
MRS. VIGARS' spiritual test meeting; to-night.
10c; sittings daily. 148 Sixth st...room 32.
C. V. MILLRR'S materializing trumpet seance,-
8 p. m. 10S4 Bush st, near Leavenworth.
RAYMOND, boy medium: grand trumpet se-
ance to-night: tests tc all.. 509 Gough.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium: clairvoyant: card reader. 715 Post st. j
KATIK HEUSSMANN, 126 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th — Circle Sun. eve., 25c: sittings daily.
EARLE. 622. Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
"•v<t- F'ttlne-s fUHv: t»st to all to-nlirht: 10o.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
. ¦ THE FAMOUS f. I
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third et. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will he told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
,25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. I\ CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 120b Mar-
ket St.. coiner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
26: 'take plcvator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: semi stamp for pamphlet with
rpeclal terrrj". Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the pYeat clairvoyant, tells
pa?t and future mew falls; has the" greatest
Egyptian secret : shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c : tip: satisfaction to every-
body: cure diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
d'agnose-s disease witli life reading; ladies 50c,
'gerits Jl palm, and clair. sit. $1 3<L 12G Turk.
MME. SANDERS, 38 McAllister s\, medium
and palmist;- teaches mind telegtaphy and
glve> advice on all business; hours, 12 to 8.';
ISMAR. the -Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and .
palmist permanently located-1148 Market op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader or human destiny, never
rally; reading*. 50c. 8 Hayes St.. nr. . Market, j
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
¦ test medium, 23c up. 472 Stevenson st. cor. Cth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card . reader; I la-
dles. 25c; cents. 50c. 132 Sixth st. .
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant; card reader;
fittings dally. 44SU Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open . Sundays.
LET'S go to WATSON, the best palmist and
medium In town. 1 Seventh st, cor. Market. ;
1 MME. . AUGUST, clairvoyant, card i reader and
palmistry; trutlt or^ao pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well k.iown clairvoyant, water
render. 11 Cth;Germaa spoken :tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy; palmist, card read-
¦ er; 25c up; leaves May 27. 5 Seventh st.
i MME. RAVENNA readr life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. ¦ 5 -Fourth st. .
CAUPET nEATIXCJ AXD 4 CLEANING.
1 WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
! JONES & CO.; reliable carpet-cleaners'and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061. ,
'• KUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
j I reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard. 2351.
'. I SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
i 1 344 McAllister st. ; phone South 146. . '
' CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H..
i STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2.>0.
J. E. MITCHELL Caipet-Beatlng . and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission <4.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 834. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CAR8ETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-,
TON, 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944. '
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
K pagew. In wrarmpr. for mwlllng. $1 per year.
CHIROPODISTS. . ;. '
INGROWN^nalu!~bunlons. corns, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LETJ^^fffr-
COMPLETELY furnished cottage. 6 rooms and
bath: fine garden. 2235 Fifteenth st.
-DENTISTS."
i ATthe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
• ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have 'your extractions done painlessly;- teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret' painless method; 20 years'
experience; noo*tudents; advice free; prices
cheapest and gArantced; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W.'LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all .work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
' and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments. -
j Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
• A new thing: in gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain: investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Denial Co., 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4;. crowns, $3; fillings,, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH,813% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,'
GOc. N. Y. Dentists.^ 963 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DRi H. : G.
j YOUNG. 13 !1 Polk st. 4
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Clans rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
ACCJ3RDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^GLL^GllE^M^CR^H^olle^eT^aTr^^rdgT^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert.
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teaiher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
IIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st^
S. l\ — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, , civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day ;
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free..
AYRES' .Business' College, .723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing:, : teleg-
I raphy, ttc; life scholarship, $50; individual
j instruction; positions .secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. *.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore, with confidence guarantee posi-
tions .to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech., sur-
vey, assay, vyanide; day, eve.; est. I8C4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the |
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. • San Fran-
. Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
<? time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. .
MERRILL-MILLER College] shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
i .Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
"WANTED — A few pupils In all' branches in oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 50c.
Box E, Call office.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar." Prof. Merkl, 1008
Mission; concert May 29, Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons: new practical method: full
course ?10. 509 Kearny st. • ¦ .
ELECTKO-THEKAPUTIC
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
j EMPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
I ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co. ;- best help: send men. at -short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-'
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 41U& O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
REFINED young lady, well educated,' cheerful,
willing, wishes position as 'governess, com-
panion or care of Invalid or children; refer-
ences; city or country; wages $25 to $30. A.
B.. Palo Alto, Cal. .. . ¦ ; * . .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation- to do
housework, city or country. 510 Third st- .:
BY Swedish girl — General housework, small
family; wages, $20 to $25; good references.
Box 4186, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants work., by. the day,
house-cleaning or office-cleaning or • laundry
work; references. 104 Welch st., 'bet. Bryant
and. Brannan. near Kourth.
EXPERIENCED young lady, ' speaking French
and German, wishes a situation for upstairs
work and sewing or- waiting, at table in
American family; city references. Call ot
address B33 McAllister St. -, ¦„ . . ¦ ¦.-
BRIGHT young business woman, about to
travel over, the entire Pacific Coast, | would
like to represent some good ' line. Box 3133,
Call office. . ¦ ¦•,.•¦¦¦¦¦
TAILOR system taught;, room: rent free -while
learning. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason st., off
.•-Geary. -' '.. . '->.¦¦ -¦'.>'¦ . . -' ' '•' f
WANTED — Position in private family; country
preferred; wages $10. Address box 3196, Call.
DRESSMAKER. . late of New York, wishes to
¦ go out for $2 a :day.' - Apply .tovMRS. . N.
-¦WAHLQCIST. t.09 Kearny St. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st,' near- Mar*-
T.- ket— ZOO. rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
>, $6. week; convenient and respectable;. free 'bus
: and ' baggage to and from ferry. . .- ' , ¦
.. EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — MALE.
EXPERIENCED desires position In. a
wholesale, or-. retail house; rage 25 years and
has had 8 years' experience. Box 3167, Call. :
BY, a first-class cake baker (no German con-
fection)," with assistant, v a -Job 'as :foreman;
city or. short, distance in country; references
Box 3164. Call office. ' , . .- "
j WANTED— A position as ! cutter and | general
. tailor, . young .man, . steady.: and - Industrious;
• best of references.- Address G.'CV WINTER-
BERG. 1618V4 Turk st. '.. N ; . - ;
RELIABLE, • sober * man ' desires ;-, situation ¦¦ in
private residence; good gardener; handyj man
.withihorses and cows; general work all round;
'.city or country. Box 3110,. Call office. "
'EMPLOYMENT "IV ANTED — -HALE.-
MAN and . wife/ Scandinavian, ' wish '' situations ;
. :mana gardener and handy with tools. Bos
J3165. Cail. - - :-;,-y : .it •::."- ¦¦:«;•.,'¦
.MARRIED couple wish 'to take charge of small
"-¦_,. hotel or boarding houce ; thoroughly compe-
, tent. Apply MEYERS, cor.' 11th and Harrison.
EXPERIENCED, successful . collector ' .wishes
,' engagement ; first-class references furnished.
¦."¦ Apply STOLTZ, ,723 Market at. -
WANTED— Situation as cook in restaurant oi
.boarding house, city or country.. Call at 514
¦ Mission. .,'.".¦
JOB compositor and "ad", man of several years'
> experience wants position in first-class office.
Box 2242, Call office, Oakland. . ' . -.'< ;
YOUNG man 'with 4 years' experience in. office
¦ desires position or will accept any other kind
of work; references. Box 3163. Call office.
POSITION as mechanical draughtsman by a
young man (26); understands, the business; is
- a good artist; has • had 7 years" experience
with electric, steam and Mother, machinery;
.has also completed a^ mechanical and* elec-
trical engineering course: present occupation
engineer; would like to change about Jufie 1;
will go to country. Address L. P., 647 Haight
HEAD waiter, lately from the East, wishes po-
, sitlon in first-class 'hotel or club; best of ref-
erences. /Address Box 3142, Call office. - ¦•¦
YOUNG- man,'. German, sober and steady,' good
¦ coachman and gardener, wants position in
. city or country. . Box 3113. Call office.
CHINAMAN- wishes 3ituation to do Ironing,
washing jand; cooking; $6 week. 738 Jackson
st. 1 ,, Sam Sing Laundry. '¦; ' . ¦ ¦:'.'-.¦ " ' ; ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
FLATS TO' LET.
-.--.-^^^^.^j^,^^ -i-.-u-^.^rx J ,.r^.'^'rS--. > - ' ¦' r-'j- --' -r r .- ¦
LEAVENWORTH 1519^4— 4 rooms, bath and
gas, ,$15. ¦. -.- ¦ . .. *¦-..¦¦¦"•¦
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma nt. bet Etghth and Ninth; $.12.
NEW ; corner upper 6-ro.om modern flat. Just
finished; one -left; very sunny; NW. corner
; Eighteenth and Hartford sts.. nr. Castro; $30.
NEW flat. 4 rooms, bath, laundry; latest im-
provements. 349 Liberty st.
NEAR City Hall, fine sunny flat; 4 rooms. 62
Ivy ave. ' ¦
SUNNYfgat. 5 rooms, bath. " 2209 Geary st
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and bath. 1012
\ Thirteenth st, near Scott.
SUNNY flat. 225 Eighth st; water free; yard;
near Howard; $10. •¦ - . .-•--.-
6 ROOMS and bath; stationary tubs. 62 Con-
verse Et.; off Bryant, bet. Sth and 9th.
PLATS TO LIST rnrniRhed.
A^ULTsTTroomsT^athT2~be ds : E as and coal
stoves; all necessaries.. 1917 Geary st.
SUNNY 7-room furnished flat. 1609 McAllister
at. ; call between 2 and 4. .'
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses- steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, tsor. Sth.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 14eTMarket— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie. 2071.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur.,' carpets, etc
IF you want to sell f urn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
•Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter st. ; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,1205 Larkin; tel:Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CH AS.' LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. H35 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
; FURNITURE FOR SALE^
4 (ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
. range. . King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENT «f furniture, carpets and
• stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
HELP WANTED FB3IALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....;.....
-2 waitresses, springs, fare both. ways .-.$20
Waitress. Woodland! '...../..$20
" Waitress. • Colusa County, fare paid "...$25
Waitress, Colusa, fare paid. ...'-..;..:;. ...'."..$20
Waitress, Lathrop ...: ....;.. :....'.'.. .$20
2 waitresses, Stockton . .$20
Waitress, summer re«ort, see party here. ..$20
Waitress, institution, room, board and wash-
ing .............. ..........$25
Extra waitress, fare both ways............$l 50
Waitress, San Jose ....$25
Waitress. Nevada County, see party here. $20
"Waitress, Calaveras County, see party here
1 $20
: Waitress,' Antioch $25
Waitress, Napa ....$20
Waitress, Salinas :.'.. ..:..... $20
, 'Waitress. Monterey, fare here..:...' ..'.$20
.1 10 waitresses, city $20, *25
- Lunch and dinner waitresses 50c and 75c
Polisher, Lake Tahoe, fare paid... ...... "...$40
Plain laundress, country hotel..'. :'..... $20
Cook, ¦ summer ' resort $40
Man and wife, resort, laundry work. ...$50
Cook, same 1 place, fare paid... ..........$30
Cook, Santa Cruz Mountains.... $35
2 Bhampooers. baths, city........ ...$35, $25
2 chambermaids to wait, Gllroy and Ala-
• meda $25
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 Cook, 2 in family, short distance, $30, see
party here; cook for a dairy, $25 and fare
paid; 5 cooks and houseglrls, country, $25 and
fare paid; light places for houseglrls, $15 and
fare paid; ranch cook, $30, "second girl, coun-
try, - $15, see party here; cook, city, $30; 50
housegirls, all over the city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104<Oeary st.
A JAPANESE cook for a summer resort, $35
and fare paid.
C. ,R. HANSEN & CO........ 104 Geary st.
A PASTRY cook, Institution, city, $30; must
• be good on bread. • • -.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class lady's maid for. nice
place in city: $25; references required. See
J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Parlor maid and. waitress for nice
family In city; $25; call early and see lady.
• J." F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook and general housework for A
in family, $30; also second girl, some sew-
ing, same- Dlace, .Alameda. $25: see lady at
. our office to-day.- J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
.- 316 Sutter st. ¦ .
WANTED— Two waitresses for first-class re- |
sort Napa County: $20 and lots of tips at
this place. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st. ¦
WANTED— Cook, no wash, German style, $35,
across the bay; -also a French or German
chambermaid, some sewing, no waiting, $2o,
• for same family. J. F.. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter St. . -.-. ¦'-¦¦> :¦-.::
WANTED— Laundress, institution, $25; 3 laun-
dresses for families. $30 and $35: 4 second
girls, $20 and $25; chambermaid, $25; 2 first-
class nurseo. $25; chambermaid,' $25; 2 first-
$20; cook for small family, 435, no wash, see
lady this forenoon. . J. F. CROSETT. & CO.,
31G Sutter st. ¦ • ¦-':-. ' '¦¦%'¦
KNITTERS, finishers, cutters, apprentices;
pleasant, permanent ' employment. . QANT-
NER & MATTERN. 1017 Hyde. -
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. >G. W. REYNOLDS,' 697 Mission »t,
corner Second. , . ' , -. . ' . : "'•¦'. -
EXPERIENCED finishers; ladles' cloaks and
suits; good • wages; permanent . employment.
M. WEINSTEIN, History bldg., 723 . Market.
WANTED— First-class tailoress to - work on
~ coats. 209 Hickory ave. ¦'¦•...- .,•.¦•¦¦¦•.¦' •
FIRST-CLASS * finishers on ladles' coats. A.
; CAILLE AU. 114 Kearny et. - .
1 WANTED— Girl for upstairs work; „ also ' to
J wait at table and do sewing, for country. •
Apply this morning. . 1290 McAllister at. .
GIRL to .assist with general housework; and
children. 939 -Magnolia st, Oakland. ; '
GIRL' to. -do cooking and general housework;
no washing; wages $25. .' 1 Scott tt.'.";y ';
WANTED^-2 experienced waitresses; ; wages $7
-.. per -week. = Apply at- 410 Kearny St.; Main
-Restaurant. ¦ • . '. ¦: : . *. -.' ¦¦:¦¦.
POSITIVE business woman of at least 5 years'
experience, $50; - references.' Box 3171, Call. : -
WAIST hands for ' dressmaking. ¦ 121 Post st,
•:¦¦ room 49.' -. ;'.--;- ... ¦ ¦'. .;. ;..,-- ¦'
¦YOUNG GIRL to assist In general housework;
must sleep home., 1053 Market st, upstairs.
EXPERIENCED apprentice ¦ on ; custom ' coats ;
v good wares. 545 Mlnra.:- '¦'-; . ".- '.-; .' '-' ~~
COOK wanted, 16S6 Geary; woman-, preferred;
.-. $30 a'month. Call: early. .. • -.?... .':;:,'"••:
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait ' on
-sick lady; $6 a week. 320^4 Sutter. ¦-..- .'.¦
WANTED— Waitress at 207 Third Bt *
WANTED-^Talloress 'for -general ; .tailoring.
•-. 408% -Larkin Bt.':''. -..•-¦¦-¦•"¦ ¦ - ..
.WANTED— Girl for light second work and sew-
. 'Ing. • 1S15 Laguna st . :,¦:¦ ...:.-.-\- '•":'- -.' : ¦- t - ; - -•'¦•, -/•.
WANTED— Experienced ' lady •• to * take- .charge
- perfumery department." -Apply, bet. 10 and 11
: a. m..- 918 -Market at.. .> I.iMAGNIN CO.
A NON-UNION lunch .waitress wanted. ' Peo-
ple's Restaurant, 631 Clay st , : i
:'¦--.'•¦*- '. •-' .' - ' y ¦ ' : ¦¦':' 1
j — <:on.
MRS. M. Er DAY & CO.:. /..Phone Maln'l57J
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT. :
. -15 waitresses, city and country and resort ho-
tels. $20. $22 CO and $:5; 4 chambermaids, tc
I wait; $20; 2 chambermaids, $18 and $20; cash-
ier, store, work, - $6 week. - '
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
. Cook,- $23, 'and second girl. $20. for 3 In fam-
ily,-' Menlo ¦ Park, see . lady here; house girl,
small family. San Rafael. $25. see lady here;
, cooks, house girls and second girls, city and
country, best wagea. - MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 235 Geary st- ,
NURSE and companion for elderly gentleman;
$30 and found.- MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st • ; : y.
WANTED — A ¦ first-class pants finisher; good
pay: permanent employment. ' M. J^ KEL
LER CO.. Oakland. . •; '--.
A GIRL or woman of middle age; the latter
S preferred, for genera! housework in country;
family of 2, sometimes 3; quiet home: wagea
$10 a month: must be Protestant or of no re-
ligious affiliation. Address P. O. box 62,
Centerville, Alameda County, Cal. : :
EXPERIENCED operators . on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
. GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, 631
Mission at - - .-
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists; also
apprentices for finishing. S. F. MFG. CO.,
409A Turk st - ¦¦-;.- ¦ .
WANTED— Operators and button-hole makers
and finishers. 609' Kearny st.,*. room 2.
WANTED— Experienced - operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ¦ ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market St., --
OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply, to
MR: DAVIS. : ; ¦
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2 wks.:
entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Hairdresslng College. -574 Geary.
WANTED— Girl to assist In general housework.
1125. Chestnut st. Oakland. , '.
EXTRA good pay for experienced hands on silk
waists. J. STEINHART. 230 . Sutter st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
.;.'...'...'. Wanted for new R: R. work.
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 00
100 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah .$2 00
. 100 tunnelmen, Chatsworth Park $2 00, $2 50
£0 outside laborers for tunnel $1 75
- 100 laborers for ballasting track... ....$1 73
Ship daily ...... — ......Free fare
Office fee for'above, $1
¦ " MISCELLANEOUS.
10 bark peelers, ¦ country ..$35 and found
10 lumber pliers, country ..... $30 and found
10 men to make road in the woods.. $30 & fd.
70 woodchoppers, Yolo Co v....$l 50 a cord
Man and wife, dairy $45-$55
General blacksmith . and woodworker, coun-
try shop ....$50 and found
; Blacksmith and blacksmith's helper
.;...... $40 and $2 and $2 50 day
Man about place........ $20 and $25
Farmers, haymakers, milkers......
$1 25 day and $30-$35.and found
. MECHANICS.
. Electrical engineer, $75 and found, see boss
here; carriage painters, wheelwrights, black-
smiths.
COAL MINERS FOR NEW MEXICO. s .
5 machine miners for link belt under cutters,
$3 50 a day: -10 coal miners, 62c a ton (mine
measure) and fare guaranteed refunded.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
. Head cook, mountain resort $90 . mo.
French second cook, oountry hotel $75
Bread and pastry, cook, country 'resort.... $60
German grocery clerk, hotel.... ........ .....$25
Head waiter from GO to 60 ye&rs....... $40
Clerk, general mdse. store, country. . . . $40-$65
Washer ind starcher who can run boiler,
country- laundry J<0
Polisher, hand and machine work. Lake
Tahoe ;!...'.. .'. $40
Bell boys, porters and waiters
First ajid second cooks ............$100
.Second cook, country hotel.. .......,...$40
Bakers and bakers' helpers, kitchen hands....
Foreman braad baker... $70
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Porter, $40: second cook, $50; bell boy, $15;
waiter, country, $25. ¦¦ ¦¦¦'.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
¦ Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
BOSS barbers— Meeting . to-night at 102 O'Far-
rell st. All boss . barbers please attend.
Business of importance. S. HELLER, sec-
retary Boss Barbers' Protective Association.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday evenings. 1310 Castro st.
WANTED— A good, steady barber. 358 Third.
¦ T— — ~ . ¦ j
BARBER wanted. 218 Montgomery ave.'
WANTED — Men to,' learn barber trade: $60
. monthly paid our graduates ; two months
. completes J more '; calls for . our barbers - than
we can'sunnly; tools presented; wages 'Sat-
1 urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our s:>eclal offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Youns man for office | work who
has had some office experience: salary $25
per month: state age and experience. Apply
box 3169. Call office. * '
"WANTED — A young man (German or Swiss
preferred) to drive. a baker wagon and help
in bakery: must be active and obliging; $20
and found. ' CHARLES LUSCHER. Redwood
City. Cal. '.'•"*'
WANTED— First-class shoes salesman at Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717. Market st.
YOUNG man who has had some experience in
wine business. Box, 3166, Call. .
WANTED— Young man about 20 years who has
1 had some experience in dry goods business.
Address box 3200, Call office.
BARBERS— Bargain; $125 only for 2 chairs:
15c shop; laundry of flee :' clear stand and 2
living rooms; come, see. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis St. " .
WANTED— Young man of neat appearance:
one who thoroughly understands silks and
dress goods: state experience, age and salary
expected. , Apply box 3168, Call office. _ .
GORDON press feeder; steady Job. 522 Mar-
ket st. . ¦ •¦ *
WANTED — A few good carpenters that are
. good at framing to go to the country. - Call
at 56 Mission st, between 4 and 5.
DRY thread operators on men's. shoes; better
waccs paid than In San Francisco. D. R.
j WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
SHOEMAKER for repairing, at 711 Valencia.
FOREMAN bread bakers, bread bakers, help-
ers," confectioners: good pay. »127 Mason Bt.
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats;, steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st. , . -> •
WANTED— Waiter and dishwasher. 613 Clay
street. ' . _r
HARD candy makers and helpers wanted. Ap-
' : ply Second and Folsom sts. ' '•>;-. ;
WANTED-^-Three upholsterers at 471-473 Haight
. st.,- between 7:30 -and 8 o'clock. . - ¦¦
WANTED— First-class bread baker; good sal-
ary.* DETJEN & MENGEL, 35 Market st.
WANTJEI)- Good blacksmith. Apply to J.
¦- O' Shea, "Seventeenth and Vermont, sts., city.
BOY to wait on table in coffee house. 612 Kear-
ny st. - '
FOREMAN on" bread and foreman on ¦ cake.
.612" Kearny st. \ .*.
GOOD bootblack; good wages. 947 Fillmore st.,
. corner McAllister. . .-.' .-j-j., .;
BRICK-MAKER to 1 take contract to bulldichim-
ney, non-union;, no office • fees. Mechanics'
. Registration Bureau, 410 -Kearny. '".'•;'-:
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
1 character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
: ' less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
' inch, able to . read and speak English. For
further information apply at ' the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis 'st, ' San Francisco. ;- 1
WANTED — Young man with : good . education
for general work; state age. previous experi-
ence, references and salary, expected. -• Box
3160, Call office. .;.'¦ '- \ ;
WANTED— Good . pants presser. 1000 Harrison
4 St., corner Sixth. , . .
FEW" good solicitors to handle new - line of
goods. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth Bt.
LADIES' and gentlemen's tailor. VaUeJo, P.
Gllxman. Apply Detmer Woolen Co.. bet 12-L
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper with experi-
; ; ence ; good salary. Box 3161, Call office.
BARBERS— 3-chair. outfit for sale 'cheap.' Call
: 435 Jessie St.. .'> ; ' . - ,
WANTED — Partner;- a reliable" ;- young , man
¦ with several hundred dollars .to start a
• branch store of a well established business,
" principally ' tea, . coffee," crockery, 'glassware. ;
•-Address; box 4105/ Call office. : -
DETECTIVES— We want a responsible man In
"every city and town to do secret servlcework:
$4 a day and expenses for actual service; ref-
erence required;-! postage, for reply. '.' Interna-'
tlonal Detective Agency, ." Milwaukee, Wis.
COATMAKER ' for - country. Apply ' REISS
. BROS. & CO. . 24 Sutter st i, - V - . ¦ .
ALL* sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price, f B62 Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d «ta.
MAN and wife for lodging house; German pre-
ferred; good wages. . Box L 4107. Call office. .
FOUR : light .harness s makers on - Kay, ¦ strap,
coupe ; and ? carriage work. • Box 3143, Call. '
WANTED— Boy that speaks German. J. HUNT-
LER,'.,3066lTwenty-flfth : st";' near Harrison.' :.
MCDONALD & PERRY have SOO pairs second-
| j hand shoes for sale, 50c , up. ¦ ¦• 241 .Third St. ' \\
GET- your : shoes hatt-soled while waiting; JSo
. to 50c. . 662 Mission st, bet. lit and Id sta. j
5 A— MURRAY & READY .'...... Phone Main 5848
. *. Leading Employment ' and Labor .Agents. . .
..................M534-636 Clay st ••••
> -^... ..:„. WANTED 7 A.. M. TO-DAY
350 railroad laborers. S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.\ Santa . Barbara and Los Angeles dw
.visions ; wages ,*$1 75 to $2 2^
Free fare. Office f ee. $1 00
? 15 laborers for a large mining company
; .$58 and $47 and found
I *5 machine miners, north '. I 93
e 57 laborers, no experience required
....$175 a day to $75 a month
; 15 laborers, city* factories, etc... $1 75 & $2 day
: s 23 teamsters, city and country; good wages
' 134 laborers for sawmills, wood yards, fare
. paid, $26 to $45 and found; crosscut sawyers,
1 $35; tree fellers, $40 and found: bark peelers.
$40 and found; laborers to ' build roads and
woods, $30 and found
. ...MECHANICAL HELP— CARPENTERS...
. 5 carpenters, "ong job, country.'. $3 a day
; carpenter, institution. $32 and found, see boss
1 here; -pipe fitter and plumber, institution. . $32
and found, see boss here; mill wrigat; second.
carriage painter, ¦ $2 56 day I
9 blacksmiths, $3 23, $3 day. $40, $30 and found
wood turner; 4 blacksmith helpers
.: :.. $40 and found
i 10 teamsters, same vineyard, near city
t $26 and foiind
10 men for the hayflslds, same ranch..
...: $40 and found
151 : farmers, haymakers, fruit pickers,
1 dairymen- and others
47 milkers and butter makers -
, .....v. $40. $35, $30 and found
. stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, chore-
men and • choreboys
Working foreman for- ranch, see boss here
' 15 ranch cooks. $20. $25. $30 and S35 and found
cook, boarding house, city $40 and found
37 other cooks, 15 waiters. 37 dishwashers.. 1
, kitchen hands, porters, etc.
18 bakers, city and country
; ..$35 to $70 and found
For other places . call and get one of our
daily lists, which contains thousands of Jobs
not advertised
MURRAY & -READY 634-636 Clay St.
3 MILKERS, same ranch. $33 and found; 5
milkers, $30 and found; driver for milk wa-
gon, $35 to $40 and found; 2 grooms, $30 and
$35 and found: 2 rardeners, $30 and found;
man about Dlace. $30 and found; 8 laborers
about mill, $26 to $30 and found: 3 choremen.
$10, $13 and $20 and found: 10 farmers. $25
and $30 and $1 25 day and found; stableman.
$30 and. found; tiemakers, woodchoppers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento «t. »
4 MINERS. $2 day and board; 4 car men for
" mine, $1 50 dav and board ; circular sawyer,
small mill. $2 £0 day" and board; ratchet set-
ter.' $1 50 day and board; employers of above
help can be seen by applying to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT the CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59
Third st; phone Bush 405.
Carload of railroad laborers, $1 73 to $2 50
per day ...Free fare, free fare, free fare
ZO laborers for rock crusher $2 per day
6 men for quarry ..$2 per day
"¦"10 men for mill and woods, ship to-day........
10 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 per mo. & board
6 tiemakers, lie v
6 woodchoppers, pine, 4 ft... $115 per cord
2 stone masons $4 to $3 perday
10 men to make hay. $1 25 to $2 day & board.
X— CHEF, $100. and crew for large commer-
clal hotel; chef, summer resort, $75, see party
here; pantryman, country. $25 to $30; chore-
man, ranch, $25. MRS*M. E. DAY & CO..
335 Geary st. v .
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
I tion, y 127 Mason st., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female: register at once:
permanent positions; good pay. —
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Amateur clarionet, flute, piano
players for orchestra. PROF. MARKIE, 10C8
. Mission st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BTJLLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
ordferr NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED . advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200- Fillmore st
HORSES AXP . WAGOH. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand "Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke," from 1100
j to 1500 pounds; also 40 -work mules for sale-
this week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson,
Stanislaus County.. Cal. i - -¦•--
FOR sale — 3 good work horses. 2 strong sand
.wagons and harness: special bargain account
of owner's death. Call at 20 Lafayette st.
WELL-BROKEN (?-year-old horse; weight 1100
pounds. M. D. MEYER & CO., Geary and
Deviyadero sts.
GOOD business horse and new. buggy for sale;
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office, 147
New Montgomery st
S. F. VETERINARY College wllV commence its
3d session Juce 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR jale— Good delivery team; weigh 1150; 7
years old; price. $200. 538 17th St., Oakland.
WANTED — Use of business horse for his keep
for 2 months. LANE, 603 California st
25 MILCH cows, part Holsteins and Jerseys.
Address box 3121. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. . EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st. |
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard Bt.
AN A No. 1 express wa^on. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HOUSES TO LET*.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAMPTON place, 15. 'oft Folsom, bet. Second
and Third, rear Third— $21; sunny house 7
rooms, bath; hot and cold water; stationary
wash tubs; In excellent order.
HOUSE of 4 rooms. $12; 14 Lily ave. Inquire
113 Oak st. - - . -
6 ROOMS; stable; large grounds; sanitary lm-
provements. 1618 Sanchez st. near 29th.
HOUSES ; TO ¦ LET— FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath and gas, furnished*
rent $18. 42$^ Brannan st.
9 ROOMS, bath; completely furnished 1+49
Devlsadero St.; key on premises.
SUBURB AX HOUSES.
FOR rent— Furnished " cottare; Santa Crua
Mountains; 2V4 miles from Wriyhts; S r and
bath; hot and cold water: porch 64x8 feet.
THOMAS THOMPSON, Wrights, or 131 Beale.
' l__ _ 1 '? S T. . AJm KOUJfI >'
MOUNT. TAMALPAIS souvenir spoons lost-
parties who took, by mistake, package of
Mount Tamalpals souvenir spoons from
Mount Tamalpals train on Sunday, May 19
will - please return . same to Schumacher &
Co., 621 Market; reward; no questions asked.
LOST— Wednesday, during walk from Clay and
Leavenworth td Pine ! to Jones to Sutter to
Stockton 'St., a black leather purse, contain-
ing about $3 and bunch of keys. Finder pleasa
return keys to 300 Stockton st. or 1208 Leaven-
worth and keep money.
PARTY who called at' 2120 Greenwich with lost
purse call again.
LOST — Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary st.,
• either In car or on street, lady's. brown purse,
containing $15 gold. Finder will receive re-
. ward for return to cashier. Call office, Claus
Spreckels building'. -- ; .
Wanted-r-Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MACHIXERY— Bonpht, Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand and other machin-
ery bought and sold. EPSTEIN. 53S Mission.
, ' , . MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cent3
for "The. Wedding Bell." 18 Mason at". -
MATTRESSES AM) DPHUI.yrUK Y.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South. 792; to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned;
expert carpet cleaning; strictly - reliable.
HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh St.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! Mc^ :
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195.197 Fremont St. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po- •
1 ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
¦ second-hand; always have a large stock of i
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
9 one floor, ready made: we can ship everything ,
In 24. hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,'. 1021 1023
Mission at, afeov* Sixth; write for catalogue.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR 9 ALE— -Con.
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shaftins. pulleys.
1 etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. •
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early tar bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 129 Alontgomy.
RETIRING from business-I am sacrificing a
lot of grand old oil paintings. LNCLE
HARRIS, 13 Grant ave. " |
WESTIXGHOUSE motors from I^W-HJ^S
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON.
558 Mission st. ¦ -¦
A— $3 50 -DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants.- $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery 8t.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and 30la. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay bis prlce3 for sealskins. Portland
Lean Office. 23 Stockton st. . ¦-
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d*hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 133 Beale st. .
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery »t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
MIS CKLLA^EOCS WAXTS.
EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelan build-
ing'. Market st.— Send particulars of. anything
you have for exchange or sale or want; regis-
tration free; insurance and loans.
WANTED— 3 second-hand sectional 3% feet
Huntington mills; cash. Address J. D. M..
room 73. Chronicle building-
GASOLINE engines and other machinery
bought and sold. EPSTEIN. 538 Mission at
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
-theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2322.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
rash. H. L. WHITKHEAD. 1706 Market at.
.UEOICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results prcmptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fa-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. OTOXXELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the moit won-
derful, simple, sura remedies ever .known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs:
treat yourself; be your own doctor: 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send 1 cent* for
circulars. 1126 Market at.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT, that is guaranteed to give tn-
stant relief for all female complaints: th»
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved iWithout pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1121
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies — No medicine or
pills used; 37 yean' experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure in one day; call
on a physician with men's knowledge. DR.
POPPER, medical specialist. 12 Mason st..
' near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a rellabls
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur*
guaranteed at office; patients treated .can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. . 1935 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th — Expert specialists: well known and re-
liable; 2."i yrs. experiences treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femalo
complaints or money returned; my regulator
1 never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
: without pain: best care; fs<; low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market, nr. Mason.
: MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
i successful practice: jruaranteed treatment at
: office; any ailment; home before and durinj
confinement 942 Post, bet Hyde and Larktn.
, THE MOISON CHEMICAL CO.— Send your ad-
| dre«s to box 213S. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
' afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no "delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 3C6 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAO5D
and you need more money, see H. 2IURPHY.
630 Market str Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
/ gages, etc.
/A_NY proposition, any amount; s'per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at S%; first. 2d~ and 3d mort-
gages,- undivided interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought:" no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. ?.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 346 Market
st: tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party;, no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 83.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without tndorser or; secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bids.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. IIS McAllister. .
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calirnla.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. 9.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCT. 143 Phelan building.
S100.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
. Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
MONEY wanted— flO.OCO wanted at 8 per cent.
. on ample security; 6 to 12 months. WKST
COAST INVESTMENT CO.. Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL UfSTRtTMEXTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella. *65 2 Chickerinss (like
1 Heine baby grand new) t%#
(like new) J323 2 Heines ....J315 u»
1 Steinway $183 1 Hallet-Davls $468
And fifty others; rents {2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for
famous Hallet & Davis and Heine pianos:
agents wanted. HEINE PIANO CO.. 21f
Geary at. •
J117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright left
on sale. 217 Geary St., room 38.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY*
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for S3. $4 and
$5 p«r month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth at, Oakland.
ABOUT the best bargain we offer to-day Is ft
Rood toned Instrument for $30: a better on»
for $1CO and lots of others at almost your own
price; our irreat cash sale Is still on and yon
have until June 1 to take advantage of It; we
are offering such very great inducements that
no one can afford to let the ocportunity pass.
THE ZESO MAUVAJS. 769 Market St.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st. opposite Unton souare. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and a'.l
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYP.ON MAUZY'S. -30? POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment:
can be put In any piano; also to Inspect onr
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
"Asent Sohmsr. Byron Mauzy. Gabier. Ham-
ilton. Spielmann pianos. f
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houso
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26
2S and 30 O'Farrell st: planca. organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
customer.
CALL at oar piano rooms In the nood build--
in«: see new piano stock: get the price and
terms: you can afford a piano if you can buv
it rlxht. THE J. DEWIN'O CO. -
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Large cabinet grand up-
right piaro; leaving, city. 219 Leavenworth.
HAVE sold 2 pianos: have another excellent ui^
right at big bargain. T. H. Kllgo. 846 Mission.
AN upright piano: must be sold; owner lea vine
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced •
one-half.! W- C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood^bids.
LUDWIG pianos the mcist popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN" CO.. general agents, 933 Market siBid. Ask. . .. -Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 03 03
Altaf. 02 04 Kentuck ' — ' 03
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash ....' 01 —
Belcher ..'. 07 08 Mexican 17 ID
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental ..... 03 01
Bullion. .02 03 Ophlr ......... ..1 CO 1 05
Caledonia 49 51 Overman ....... 13 U
Challenge Con..- 10 12 Potosi 02. 04
Chollar ......... 05 ¦ 05 Savage ...11 12
Confidence 55 ' 60 Scorpion .......— 04
Con Cal & Va..2 25 2.30 Seg Belcher .... 01 . 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 13 15
Con New York. — 01 Silver -Hill 34 36
Crown Point... 12.-13 St Louis 06 ' —
Eureka Con .;. 06 — Standard" 4 00 —
Exchequer ..... ,— 02 Syndicate 06. —
Gould & Curry 11 12 Union Con ..... 21 22
Hale & Norc... 20 21 Utah ......;..... 05 06
Julia ....... ... . — .02 Yellow Jacket.. 15 17
MONDAY, May 20— 4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS;
400 Best &. Belcher 261 200»Mexlcan 13
30O. Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophlr. 97
100 Caledonia 50 .700 Ophir ». 95
5C0 Challenge Con. 10 500 Ophlr S8
300 Con Cal & Va..2 30 300 Sierra Nevada. 15
200 Con Cal &"V.2 32V4 >w Silver Hill .....36
200 Con'Cal & Va..2 35 400 Union Con 7 21
200 Con Cal & V.2 27H' 300 Union Con ..... 22
C . Afternoon . Session.
200 Best & Belcher 24 300 Mexican 17
300 Challenge Con.. 10 -400 Ophlr ........... 99
300 Con Cal & Va..2 25 300 Savage- ..;."..._ 11
200 Mexican 1» 300 Union Con 21
300 Mexican 200 Yellow Jacket.. ' 16
¦ ¦ .; — - . !;i
Morning Session.
500 Chollar ......... 03f 100 Mexican ........ 19
300 Con Cal & Va:;2 30 - 200 Seg Belcher.... 03
300 Gould & Curry 111
¦ Afternoon Session. i
200 Best & Belcher -23 500 Overman -.'¦ 13
50 Caledonia 50 200 Savage 11
200 Con Cal & Va..2 25 500 Potosi —.:..'.. ..'. 63
100 Ophlr r 9S 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: : ' -
Morning Session.
! The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock : and . Exchange Board yester
day: •;..-.-
Morninr . Session. ; . .
Board— -.•••¦
500 Monarch of Arizona .'... 45
Afternoon Session.
Board—' > • " •'. - v ¦
2000 California-Standard 88
400 McKlttrick • 33
1400 Monarch of Arizona 43
2000- Petroleum Center ..:..... *,"..'... '..;:. ,v :* 0*
50 San Joaquin O &'D Co, b 90.. 9 37&
100 Sterling ...'....'. ;....'.... 170
250 Twenty-eight : 1 2o
> is - ¦ -• - i MINING STOCKS.- - ¦' ;,— -
SAN FRANCISCO OIl/EXCHANGE.
Morntns Session.
Board— •>'•'¦ -• *
SOOBearFlas .. v . ....... 11
200 California-Standard. ..-....: .'. 3o
100 Monarch . c* Arizona .' : . 45
200 Monarch of Arizona 44
50 Occidental of West Virginia: 65
ICO Occidental of .West Virginia 63
3000 Petroleum Center ...... ....;'. 0«
100 Sterling ......T. 16^
Afternoon Session.
i ' Board — , • . ' , . ;
lOQJHOme , 3 05
400 Junction 35
2C0 Monarch of Arizona '......... 43
200 Monte Crlsto 2 25
100 Monte Cristo. b 90 2 2a
1500 Petroleum Center .>.:... - . 06
100 Sterling, b 90 170
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
3 German Savings & Loan.. .........'..1901 00
25 Giant Powder Con....V.... 78 50
$1000 S P of A bonds (1910>.. '..11* 00
60 Spring Valley' Water................. 87 00
30 Equitable Gas.. ...' '...• 3 37'/4
100 Hana Plantation Co. ......"... 8 00
50 Honokaa Co 22 25
50 Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co.... 19 60
20 Pacific Cpast Borax 147 50
100 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 26 50
115 Oceanic Steamship' Co ....45 00
75 Spring Valley Water.:... 87 25
, .Street—" ' ' " .
?2O,00O Northern tey of Cal 5a bonds 115 00
. ' ¦ - Afternoon Session.
' - • Board— : ;*-'• •
10 California" Safe Deposit .105 50
20 California Sale Deposit..... 106 23
10 California Safe Deposit...'. .106 00
10 California Safe Deposit.......... 106 75
175 Contra Costa Water ........ ... 82 23
24 First National Bank. ..310 00
60 Giant Powder Con 78 50
220 Honokaa Sugar Co 22 00
J1000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s bonds.119 00
$3000 Oakland Transit .Co 6s ...116 50
70 Oceanic Steamship Company 45 00
150 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co ;.. 28 50
10 San Fran Gas & Electric Co......... 33 00
40 San Fran Gas & Electric Co 38 25
$1000 San Fran & S J V bonds 120 73
122 Spring Valley Water......... .•... 87 00
25 Sprinr Valley Water 87 12}fr
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113>4 Oceanic S 5s.. 100 102
Nor R CaL6B.~— 114% SP of Cal 1st .
5s... — — C p gritd g os.105 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 63.134 —
Do 53 .'. — 108% S V Water 63.113 —
Nor Cal R Sa.m% — Dr. 4s... ...... 103 103^4
Oak Gas 5s/.. 112 — Do 4s 3d m..lO2VilO3
Do Tran 6s.. — 117 Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do "Wat 5s.:.104 10&/ 1 ,
WATER STOCKS. ."'.'V
Cratra Costa.. 82U 82%|Spring Valley. 87 88
Marin County. 53% — I ¦ -^-- "y -.',
- .- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Paclflc Lt 42% 43&
Equitable 3% ZV: Sacramento ... — —
Mutual *M — S F- Or & E... 37% 3SH
Oakland ...... 50% 51% San Francisco. 4 4%
Pacific Imp.... — ¦ 36 Stockton 7*£ —
INSURANCE. > "
Flrem's P\«nd.235 245 t
::»•;* ¦¦¦¦¦-. >•¦ — -i BANKS.
Anglo^Cal ¦ . . . ". . 73 80 L P & A ...... .147 —
California 408 — Mer Ex (Hq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO6tf — S F National.. — 125
First Nat — 314
SAVINGS BANKS. :,.t*
German .1890 — Sav & Loan...— — .
Humboldt ....— "—-. Security 275 —
Mutual ........ 60 •— • Union Trust:. 1400 —
San Fra^nclBco.515 '¦"- — ' "'¦- ; - ', .
,. RAILROADS.
California ....125 135 iO S L & H....* 40 —
Geary 47% — Presidio 25 27
Market 70 71 I f? ¦¦¦ .
--"'-¦ POWDER. "¦.'.'-
Giant ..........— 79 /Vigorit ........ * 8%
"SUGAR. './.
Hana .:...... . . .• 7% — Kilauea ....... IS > 13%
Hawaiian 60 62Vi Makawell • . . ... j- 3r —
Honokaa ...... 22 — - Onomea ....... 20 23
Hutchlnson ... Whi 19% Paauhau .:.... 2Stf —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Pack.. 126 127 Oceanic SS — 45^
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pao Aux F Al. 8 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 -— Pac C Borax. .148 —
Mer Ex J..110 . -f- Par Paint 18 —
. -Morning Session. . '.
Board—' . • ¦
10 Alaska Packers' Association ....128 00
250 Contra Costa Water... 83 00
150 Contra Costa Water : .'...... 83 25
Teleplione Litigation' Slow:
. The; court which decided the -Berliner
patent."'[under.. which .the "Bell Telephone
Company- now claims :a- monopoly of the
business, held, the cases a T yearand a
half before deciding them. The litigation
had been in progress a long time before it
reached; this court, and as It Is announced
that; the * cases will ' be carried ,to ' the
United States \ Supreme ' Court,*, there is
good 5 reason to expect that ,the litigation
will ; continue ' during » most ' of „ the ' life ,' of
the patent, which is leas than, eight years.
Thus : this ¦ powerful | corporation may pos
sibly. 1 , turn" the law's . delay; to its : own ad
vantage almost as '.well ' as ¦ if it owned ; the
patents In litigation.^-Public Ledger.
'.Alma- Mining r Company (a corporation) " to
Stauffer "\ Chemical ' Company (a : corporation).
5 acres,' bejrinnlng ' at ' h a stake on-*W- line of
EOO-acre tract known as Laundry Farm,".' which
stake is on NE corner of 102 -acre tract df Wal
ter. Blair by: deed of December -19. : 1877. NW
9.20, SW 1.31- chains, SE 11.91 chains. NE- 5.06
chains to beginning, Brooklyn Township; '% 10. .
-••¦Alexander and Frances ¦ Me Adam . to Clara J.
Rodgers ¦ (wife of Joseph), lot on N boundary
line of Vicente '• Peralta Reservation at the
point of its intersection by E line of ¦ Lorin
Villa' Tract. S 99.40,;E 40, N to aforesaid
boundary line of VicentQ ' Peralta Reservation,
thence W to beginning. Oakland: 51C0O. :.. • .- ¦
¦ Mary • Simpson (widow) to Charles E. Mack,
lot '¦• on, N line of -University, avenue, 90 E of
Sherman street, E 45 by ; N 110,-. being lot 4,
Twitchell Tract, -Berkeley.' trust deed; $1. ;-•¦ <•
Mary E. Alexander (by attorney) and A':-C.
Alexander (as- attorney) to Charles .E. Miller,
lot o:v E line of Bowdltch street, 145 S of
Channing way, S 65,. E: 145, .N- 75, W 20,' S 10,
W 125 to beginning, portion : block ' S. College
Homestead Association, Berkeley: $500. - s ' v
Mary -and Joseph C. Isherwood- to' Patrick
O'Bryan, lot on SE corner of First avenue and
Summer street, S EO by-E 121:6, lot 11, block
B.Vernon Park, Oakland; $800. ¦¦>..
-Samuel and Emma F.. ". Hey wood ' to Leander
M. - and Anna .L. : Anderson, ¦ lot . on - S line of
Delaware street, 105 v E . of ¦ Eighth, E 50" by
S JOfl. block 78, .Tract B,-Berkeley LandJand
Town 1 Improvement Association, Berkeley7*$10.
Owen Glynn to Ann E. Glynn, lot on E line
of Myrtle street, 251 N of Twenty-second, N
25 by E 125, lot 35, block 636, map of Market
street lots, Oakland ; gift. v :
¦ George Kerrison to Peter Christensen. lots 19
to 22. block 60, Kellersberger's map, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $ECO. •¦ '. •
: Oscar Heyman ' to ' Power ¦ Estate • Company
(a corporation), lots 14 to 17 and. 38, block P,
Mission Street Land Company; . $500. • / i
Jacques and Marie -Labatallle to Francois
Lasserrc, lots 502 and 504,; Gift Map 1; $500.
V ; Alameda County. ; .-:>'. -. ':" *
Patrick Brady '¦ to James J. . Brady, l«t on
W line of Twenty-eighth avenue, ' 200 S of J
street. S 25 by W 120; gift. - .
Callaghan - Estate Company to Emma | Har
rington (wife of A.), lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 350 S of H street, S 25. by W. 120: $1000.
Albert Meyer to ..Virginia. B. Troyer-(wlfe of
Carlos), ' lot on-E line of Nineteenth avenue,
225 S of H etreet, S 50 by E 120; $2000. ;
— Estate Adolph Sutro (by William R. H.
Adamson and Emma L. Merritt, executors) to
Samuel McCartney, lot- on SE corner of Sec
ond avenue and Lake street, E 30 by S 102 :1#;
$1250. ' iM ¦ ¦¦--"¦>
Olive J. and Margaret Peterson to Charles
H, Liss, lot on SW corner of Utah and Marl
posa streets, S 37:6 by W 100; $3000.. ¦, ..
Catherine Jackson to William Harris, II lot
on NW line of Bryant street. So SW of Sev
enth. SW 75 by NW 80; $12,000. ", '
Maria A., Henry J., Chrietian . F.. Charles
A.. Leonard G. and Dora M. L. Seitz to Henry
E. Bothln; lot- on . SE line of Mission street,
77:6 SW of Second, SW 40 by SE 80;. $32,500.
Jules and' Augustine Lambla to Elizabeth
Rickard, lot on S line of Bush street, 68 E of
Mason, E 22:6 by S 80 and right of way over
an alley eight feet j wide . running to : Mason
street, : $6600. , • ' ' \- -¦
Estate Mary E. Higgins (by William Max
well, executor) to Barthold Mangels, lot on
N line of Pacific street, 20 E of Salmon, N
77:6byW20; $2600. : . . '. " .
¦ Vlctolre Chalgneau to Frank Glmball. lot on
S . line of Pacific street. 151:6 E of . Lozier
(Bartlett alley), E 23 by S 137:6; $8500. ~ "
Frank R. Williams to- "Investor," (corpora
tion) lot on E line of Eureka street, 110 S of
Twenty-first, S 50 by E 115:8; $600. • : •'•
Elizabeth . and G. W. O*Donnell to Federal
Security Company; lot on W line of Hampshire
street. 140 S of Twenty-fifth-, S 30 by "W 100;
also lot on W line of Hampshire street," 115 S
of Twenty-fifth S 25 by W 100; also lot on W
line of California avenue, 300 S of Fair avenue,
W. 150 by S 30, Precita Valley, lot 363; $1000.
Maggie McFa'dden. and Margaret O'Brien, lot
on S line of Henry, street, 295 W of Castro, W
25*by S 115; $10. ' . - :. : l A> •
Charles H. and Annie M. Crowell to Alpheus
Bull Jr.," lot on N line of Clay .street, 130 ¦ E of
Locust, E 7:6 by- N.127:8V4!'*150O. -.,..., ¦•¦>
P. J. and Margaret F. McVeigh* to • Timothy
and Mary' O'Connell, 1 lot on NE' line of Brady
street. 106:2%. NW of West Mission, NW 20:8%
by NE 100; J1000. . ; ?^T55T.
: Kate F. Austin (as "surviving . trustee of the
estate- of Henry S. Austin and Mary H. and
Henry H. Austin) to Hannah Molloy, lot <yi W
line of Howard street, 127 S of Thirteenth. S
27:6 by W 87:3%: $4000. - .
: James and Ellen R.. Moore to Christina V.
Ho wklns. lot .• on • Saline • of. . Washington . street,
62:6 E of Laurel. E 50 by S 102:8'«; $4500."'
Isaac and Emily Kliaser to Agnes 'Foster, 1 lot
on W-llne of Cole street,^15O N of Fell, N 25 by
W 1O3-;1&; . 17000. - ¦ . '-.. .-:.->
¦ Patrick Cahill r tq : William : , H.' ; ;Chanmav jot
on NW corner "of Golden Gate "and -Seymour
avenues, W 30 by N 75, trust deed given for
benefit of certain creditors; $10^ . -
Daniel Buckley to Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society,'. Intersection on NEline of lagoon, lot
22 and N* of Greenwich street, being-. 32.185 "W
Polk, W 322:07, NW 25.892, NE .27B,''SE 193.5*1;
also lot on SW. corner of Greenwich and Polk
streets, W 512.343," SE 168.591, NE 263.02, N 7.05.
quitclaim deed: $10.. - ¦
BJEJAIi TB-ANSACTTIONS.
HOTEL AUBIVAIiS. ..:
PALACE HOTEL.
C R Crawford, N Mex
Mrs W E Johnson,Neb
Baron Perbandt, Ger.'
Baroness Perbandt. Ger
Miss F Rockwell, N Y
G B Barham, N Y
H E Erwln. Conn
Mrs C Brigham, Mass
Miss F E Breck, Mass
Miss M^Morrison, Mass
Miss D Foote, Boston
Mrs B DeF Hemmett,
• El Paso ' ,' •¦ : .
H Nathanson. Phila
W,H Hodge, N Y-
Miss M Patterson, Pa
G H Allen, N Y
Chas .Weir, , Los Ang
Thos W Hlnde & wf,
- Chicago > . - • -.: /'
A L Brown & wf , L A
Wj K Semple, 'Mont
G F Borella, Italy
S Grias, Detroit
Mrs Berbeck, Eng
Dr A R Milton, Eng
D W Welshire & wf,
London " .' •" --
W R Hammond, Cal
C Seligman, N ..Y
Mr and Mrs Burnett,
• London . * . '' -:.¦•¦ ¦
D — Morey, . Troy,' NY
A A Kahn, ,Troy,N Y
W A Brewer, S Mateo
Mrs M Graves, China
M P Hastings, China
L Hill, England ' .. ¦
L BNoakes, China ¦'.
B W Talbot, China :
F Wagennman, Berlin
R Hardt Jr. Germany
L B Fisher, fi.. Rapids
Mr Faaruenot & wf. Mo
Dr C Omeszowier, Paris
ft R Slairle & wf, Chg
H W Ree4 & wf , Colo
E B BesseV. NY •
Mrs A L Brown, L A
Don M Morris, Chg
& Kuhn & wf, Ohio
HK White & wf, Mass
T W ¦ Cameron & wf ,
¦N Y - -
J "W Taylor, El Paso
A J Waldman, N Y
W E Gerber; Sacto
a B • Gilmas • & ¦ wf ,
- Boston •- • ¦ '-. • ; .
J W Donnelson, S Lake
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Perkins, Iowa >
N'B Buckley Spokane
W A.Simons, Seattle
M ! Abrama. Santa Crz
W C Prugh, Pittsburg
H . I Thomas, Seattle -
F H Seawell, Mnterey
Miss S Cartln, San Js
Miss Cartln, San | Jose
W Berry & w, Los An
A M. Skinner, U S N
C- Falk; N Y
J A McCarthy, Fresno
F Haroin & w, Portld
E ¦ E * Hatch, Iowa
O ' Scribner, Bakersflld
W Binne & w. Honolu
M H Durst, Wheatlnd
A Anderson, Colo Spgs
E A Meserve. Los An
W Bouter. - Ontario '-
O Stealey& f. Wh.DC
J Mugrldge. Vallejo
FMooney & w. S Hln|
May E Davis, St Hlna
F Herman & w. -Boise
T.'E Clark, Vlsalia
L Morgan & w. -N T
Miss Eustis, NY
R Schirmer & w, N Y
Miss Leonard. - : N- Y-
Mlss Zamettl, Sn Jan
A Halnes, . Madison
Mrs Andrews, | Los An
Mr Newson & w, S J
L Du Pont Syle, Bkly
FF Kimble.-N Y •
J Harmes, Sausallto
CM Brown, Holllster
T L Bell, Arcadia
EL •''Webber, Napa .
C Pendleton, Los Ang
H J Seymour, Sacto ,
R D Spencer. Chicago
W Henderick. Colgate
J Steele, Missouri
D W' Bowen, Seattle
W Zelgler,. Sacto •
W A Crowley, Benlcla
Maud Davis, St Hlna
WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss "Wheeler. Chicgo
A 7 L Pesever, B C -
J W . Sanders, Lomppc
T"R ArcMers, Lompctt
W Newland. .Honolulu
G Dean & d, Cedrville
H Cady, Camden, 111
H Cady, Camden,
E Cady, i Camden
M E Stuart, Camden
Mrs Stone, Camden
Mrs Witt,- Portervillei
H • C Ohe, . New York
W Wulff, Cincinnati
Thos Leddy, ¦ Rno
B J Turner, Kans Cy
C Snyder & w; Pltsbg
Jas Bradv... New York
R O Armstrong, N Y
H Confer & w. Cornlg
H M Dorlnody, Sacto
B Williams. New' Orls
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
11
-Petaiuma, Cal., aged 30 years 11 months and
¦-- 15 ' days. -'¦- •'¦ r > • .• ¦ i •'¦¦•• : - ¦'¦ . \.
TORREY— In this city, May IS, IDOL Linton
- Torrey ,*- a native of Iowa, aged 26 years. •
¦• iC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Tuesday).' at 3 o'clock, from- the - funeral
parlors of . Pqrter &, White, 122 Eddy street.
¦ Funeral under .- the auspices of the Paclflc
Coast Waiters' Association." Interment . Lau-
rel Hill . Cemetery. ¦ ; / ¦¦...:¦.-.
WALL— In this city,: May 19," 1901, entered- Into
".rest, Chmrles-W.. beloved- husband of Regina
'-.Wall, and 'father of -Herbert- and the- late
. Carlie" Wall, a native of . Munich, Bavaria."
'.Germany, aged 48 * years -5 months and • 20
days. -Late recorder of . Olympjc ' Lodge No.
¦; 127, A. O. Ul-W.: (Fort Wayne. IndJ. Senti-
nel'please copy.) " ¦ " ¦ •
ICThe . funeral will . take : place this' day
j (Tuesday), from his late - residence, 21 Jolce
* street, .-".¦ thence to . St. ¦ . Boniface's Church-
Golden Gate avenue, where a • requiem mass
will be celebrated commencing at 8:15 o'clock,
;- thence to train, corner of Third and Town-
send streets. Interment. Holy Cros3'Ceme--
• tery.-. ."¦ - . ¦' -,. . .^ : ¦¦' .
¦ '¦'. ..-; IN - MEMORIAM. "' "
¦ r In. the passing\of Mrs. John A. Moore San
Francisco loses one -of Its beautiful women,
and one who will be sadly missed by a large
circle of friends. She ¦ was one possessed
many rare and noble qualities, was kind and
".-'sympathetic toward all who were in trouble;
, r broad-minded and always ready to throw the
mantle of charity over the erring. She leaves
- a t husband, and. a son, Harry P. Moore, to
/whom she- was . devotedly attached. 'Her
many friends extend warmest, sympathy to
the bereaved family. ... . - ,'..'¦'
ROOMS TO LET— Faro) and Unfnrn.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny -rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. "DENIS, 24" Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, - new building; new
and elegant furniture; . single ' rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water,- electric light .and return; call-
bell In. every room; elevator ar.d full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely f ur-
nlshed rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms from 50c to $2 per day. '
MINNA, 262, iiear 4th— Furnished front parlor, ,
suitable for. 2 gentlemen, in private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, • $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished- rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day., week, mo.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
. night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦ ; ' ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Crocker.- 915 Leavenworth— Fine , sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK 268 (The Lake) — New house; newly fur-
¦ nished; board optional. ¦, Phone Sou^h 422.
WALLER, 60. off Market— Room for \ gentle-
man in private family. ' ¦ - .
; .¦; ROOMS AND .BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular, rates. ¦ 807 California st.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver) — Elegant sunny
suites or single' rooms; private baths ;. excel-
lent table and service. . . .--. .
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., Mission
warm belt — Good board; -fine rooms; reason-
able rates: car» pass the door. '- ' "
WANTED— An elderly lady to board In the
country; terms very reasonable. Address A.'
.L., Sonoma. Sonoma County; Cal. .'¦'¦'
HOTEL Repelier. 7!S1 Sutter— Newly f urn. ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. • « ¦¦
HOTEL Lai Palmas, 1820 r'.arket-Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional/,
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable.- 415 First
st.. between Harrison and Bryants"
\SPECIAL NOTICES. . ' '
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for.
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 6580."
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 16.
'ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 1 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged,. re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES, i
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,"
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
¦ PACIFIC Storage anfl Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR DRAYAGE— General Depot
of the Quartermaster's Department, San
Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1901— Sealed propo-
sals f pr the hauling of military stores ¦ and
supplies In and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., for the flsA.1 year commencing
July 1, 1901. will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 23d
day of May, 1901, and then opened. The
Government, reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be. furnished on application to this of-
fice.. Envelopes containing proposals -should
b* Indorsed "Proposals for • Drayage'' and
addressed to OSCAR F. LONG. Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
termaster. • ' . •• ".. ' ' - '¦
PROPOSALS for Clothing for U. S. 'A. Trans-
port Service, Depot Quartermaster's Office,
86 New Montgomery street., San Francisco,
Cal., May 13, 1901.— Sealed proposals, . in trip-
licate, will be received at this office until 11
a. m.. Thursday, May 23, 190L Paclflc Stand-
ard Time, and then opened for furnishing
¦ White Duck Aprons, White Caps, Blouses,
Dark Blue Caps, Cap Ribbons. White Duck
Hats. Working Jumpers, White Duck Jack-
ets, Lanyards. Neckerchiefs, Dungaree
Trousers, Working Trousers, -White Duck
Trousers, Overcoats, Reefers, and Hospital
Flags. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being . equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference .will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Paclflc Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals, will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 4545."- and addressed to
Major OSCAR ¦ F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army,' Depot Quartermaster.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal.. April 8, 1901.—
Sealed proposals for dredging in tidal canal.
Oakland harbor, Cal., will be received here
until 12. noon. May 22, 1901. Information on
application. W.. H. HEUER. Lieut. Col.,
Engineers. -
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage: licenses were issued
yesterday: ' - . •
Ernest Snhnepple, 23, 736V4 Green street, and
Birdie Johnson, 18. 736% Green street.
Agostlno-Tusatere,-45, 724 Filbert street, and
Salvatora Butera, 32. 724 Filbert street.
Andrew Metzintcer, 30, 217 Third street, and
Lizzie Edmonds, 24, 46 Rausch street.
Arthur W. Hanson, 32, 1522V4 Dolores street,
and Pearl Asher, 23, 1738 Mission street. ; /
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOHN".
BUTLER— In this city. May 12, 1901, to the
wife of H. A. Butler, a son.
COHEN— In this city. May 19, 1901, to the'
wife of Charles C. Cohen, a t daughter.
COSGROVE— In this city, May lo. 1901, '.to the
wife rot. J. P. Cosgrove, a son.- ¦. .
qUMMING— In this city,* May -17, 1901, to the
wife of Joseph -M. Cumming, a daughter.
LYNN— In this city, May 14, 1901, to the wife
of J. P. Lynn, a son. .' .
MAYER— In this city. May ' 18," 1901, to the
Wife of.Leon^S. Mayer, a daughter. '
PFEIFFER— In this city, May 12, 1901, to the
wife, of Frank Pfelffer, a son. ¦ .
DIED? ~~
Barraillac, Mary C. i Kirby, Susan M.^
Beckman, John Lynch, John
Braunbeck, Peter MacCaskie, Evelyn L.
Burke, David Martorella, Antion-
. Callahan. Catherine yette - • "
Cohn, Jennie Morgenstern.. Minna
Crowe, John J. Norton, Addle L.
Dullea, ' Catherine Olsen, Jens
Flanagan, Mary E. QuRlman, Major C.
Garrity. Thomas F. Quill, - Bernard
Giannini, Johh -- Ravezzani, Elizabeth
Green, Emma L. Sandberg, John A;
Harvey. Albert J. Sullivan, Catherine
Howarth,' Joser>h M. Sullivan, Georee B.
Jackson. Mary C. . Torrey, Linton
Kalis, Minnie Wall, Charles W.
Keller, John
BARRAILLAC— In this city, May 19, 1901,-
Mary - Corlette Barraillac, beloved wife of
Adolph. Barraillac, and beloved mother- of
William J., May, Charlotte -and the late
Joseph Corlette,- a native of Lowell, j Mass.,
aged 47 years 2 months and 2 days. -^ ¦:% >
CyRemains at D08 Fulton street. Interment
private.. . ' '• ' '¦ ' ¦ !¦->'.'. • * :
BECKMAN— In this city, May 20, 1301,' John
Beckman, beloved father of Mrs. C. Johnson
and Andrew., and . Caroline Beckman, a na-
. tlve of Sweden, x . ¦¦¦¦..-¦ ¦-. , /¦¦
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the .funeral to-morrow,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER Jo.
. (Successor ' to Flannasan & Gallagher.) -.
- t-\ : DANIEL P. DONOVAN, >Mgr.:- ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite ' Lincoln School.-
Telephone -South 80. ¦;
I Eugene- McGinn. - : -— -r McGINN.-BROS.
¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
- .' 31 EDDY: STREET. ; '•
Telephone South 252. v San . Francisco.
No Connection With_Any_Other House. ¦*'
HEAL. ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES
Just Completed. '
On Lyon st., bet. Clay and Washington.
11 Sunny Rooms In Each.
Hardwood finish; 4 grand mantels: electric
lighting; tiled bath with hardwood floor: the
very best of plumbing and workmanship
throughout houses; everything that- is needed
In a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once;' open for inspection, or apply to DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder. 117 Sutter st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open dally.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The .Weekly
Call. 16 pag:es, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE COUXTRY For Sale
WANTED— I want to sell or trade. my ranch
of 126 acres; well Improved; my cash- price Is
$3500, or I will trade for good farm In Kan-
sas. For further descriptions and particulars
address J. D. SKEED. Flsk P. O., Sonoma
Co.. Cal. • .
VINEYARD FOR SALE.
30 acres Zinfandel grapes; vines 10 years old;
situated 37 miles from San Francisco. In Ala-
meda County. Box 3151. Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Acent. 719
Market st.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
BCriblng farms for sale all over this State.
RA £9 HES "" Fru't ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent.. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
BARGAIN— For sale or lease. 4% acres; near
.tan Mateo; good soil; level; improvements.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207- Church St.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
fre« list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaiuma. Cal.
AlAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, ';
Real Estate. t
We have some choice building lots on which
wo -will build you a home on easy t«nhs
HAMMOND & HAMMOND".
2326 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
HOUSES built In any part of Alameda; $500
cash. S25 to $30 per month. J. H: YOUNG
builder. 1?43 Park St. '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. . .
TRADE for city property;, a beautiful home;'
2-story house; large grounds; fruit trees;
barn; chicken houses; on main street to uni-
versity; this property is clear; will exchange
for city property and pay cash difference.
Address H. PLODM.
A bargain: new cottage. 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs, brick foundation; high
basement; a block to electric cars and station;
price $1400; only $100 cash, balance same as
rent; $15 monthly.
New cottage of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, bay-
window; one block to railroad station, street
cars and stores; price ?1800; $150 cash, balance
$17 50 monthly.
Snap; cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation stationary tubs;. large
lot; fruit trees, windmill i and tank; well-
kept grounds; good location; price $1650;
terms, $250 cash, $15 monthly.
Take Berkeley train and get oft at Lorin
station; office west side of railroad track.
Open Sundays.
¦ RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; fine new 2-story colo-
nial house 7 rooms; hall, bath, pantry room;
high basement; lot 40x100; street work done;
half block to electric car; 2 blocks to railroad
station; price $1600; easy terms. J. R. PER-
KINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, formerly Oel- ¦
lerich & Perkins.
FINE, almost new, 2-story 6- roomed house;
bath; high basement; electric fixtures; street
-work done: right at station and electric cars;
price $1600: $200 cash, balance monthly pay-
ment. J. R, PERKINS, Lorin sta., Berkeley.
SEE those fine, new, modern, up-to-date six-
roomed cottages we are building; also 7. 8 and
9 roomed 2-story colonial houses; half block
to electric cars; 2 blocks to railroad station;
prices ranging from $1700 up; small payment
down, balance on monthly Installments. J.
R. PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley, for-
merly Oellerich & Perkins. Office open Sun-
days. ...... . .-.
$1400— SEE this fine home; lot 87:8x120; cottage
house 6 rooms, bath; hot and cold water;
... brick foundation; well, and city water? fine
garden; street work done; close to cars and
station; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
station. ¦¦.¦¦¦
$120&-$100 CASH. $15 per month, buys this; a
decided snap; lot 40x100; cottage house, 4 ex-
tra laree rooms, bath; hot and cold water:
high basement; street work done; one block <
from»Ashby station. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin
i station. " .
$1600— 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; hot and
cold water; lot 40x100; street work done; half
block from station; $100 cash, $20 per month.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
$57SO— CHOICE 'Berkeley home; lot 60x154; house
of 11 rooms, bath, halls, etc.; modern and
finely built; close to university; In best resi-
dence section. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
$2300— <J-ROOM house on Grove st., west front,
one block from local; street work all done.
$6500— The best bargain In Berkeley: will
rent for $76 per month; % block from U. C.
grounds. • .
$1400— 5-room house; large corner lot; cheap.
Apply S. S. QUACKENBOSH,
Opp. First National Bank.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100^CASH7~|10~monthly— IK acres of choice
land, covered with assorted fruit orchard In
full bearing; also a running. stream, with im-
mense shade trees; no better soil can be had;
lovely spot and well sheltered, away from
winds and fog; near electric cars and fine
3-story schcolhouse; climate superb and
charming view; price all told, $1150; adjoin-
ing East Oakland. Call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway station,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$15 PER MONTH. TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to
San Pablo ave.; walking distance of dowr.
town; street and walks complete; snap for a
home or investment.
GEO. W. 'AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRMTURB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EIGHTH, 34B— Fine sunny front alocove room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; bath.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished parlors, kitchen, with
bath, $20; also two, $10, and single, $1, $5 up.
HAIGHT. 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple; telephone.
HOWARD. 728 — Room suitable for two; house-
keeping allowed; reasonable; also single room,
$5; gas. ¦ " V
LARGE front sunny bedroom and kitchen;
furnished complete for housekeeping;- rent
$2 50 per week. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between J^lrst and Second.
LANGTON, 256% — 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. ¦
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner" Geary— Large sunny
room and kitchen; pantry; elnk; gas stove;
• $13. . ¦¦ .
POLK. 605— Light housekeeping, 2 clean sunny
parlors; piano; gas stove; running water.
TWENTY-NINTH st.; 2 front housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; bath; $8. Box 3155, Call.
VALENCIA. 1232—2 furnished rooms; house-
keeping; near depot; gas, bath, sunny rooms,
gas stove. •
WALLER. 602, near Pierce— 1, J or 3 rooms
and use of kitchen and dining-room, in small
family; no children; references. . / ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Kurn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave!— Best $1 a
day' family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c: free coach. ¦
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— RoomsT
25c to $1' per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old - No. 1864)— Fur-
niehed rms.. suites., single; also fmfurnlshed.
CHESTNUT. 266-1 furnished; 1 unfurnished, $4
monthly; fine view over bay; . i
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 120— 2 sunny rooms; modern con-
¦ veniences; stove and bath; $12. ~
ELLIS, 697— Newly furnished sunny rooms,' en
suite or single.
FOLSOM, 820,— near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. • , . - r
FOLSOM, 834 — $1.10 week, large sunny furnished
room; bath, closet, private. Call by 8 p.; m.
GALT House, 1M6 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr.:&
. Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship CcU
• ». Steamers leave Broadway
Mt ¦ Wharf. San Francisco:
V*5|»i^ " For Alaskan ports — 11 a- m..
BBffflgfck May 1. fi. 11. 16. 21. 28. 31.
|«»K2Fi!*k June 5. Change to company's
ISkCS?m% steamers at Seattle.
! C«§k5b£1 \fil Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! GK&MEBH1 c ->. Port Townsend, Seattle.
I r^^^HSBPHn racoma, Everett. Anacortes
»nd New Whatcom (Wash,)—
"'"* u a. m.. May 1. 8. lL'tt. M.
28" 31 June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
May 3 8. 13- *1S, 23, 28. Juns 2 (»4 p. m.). and
every flfth day thereafter. a «_,_ t»,^
For San Diego. . stopping only at Santa,
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
&e l es )_Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.,
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Craa.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. . Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro East San-Pe-
dro. 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
For n Ensenada. Magdalena, Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ¦ '¦*• • . ¦
For ' further . Information obtain company »
The "company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallln*
without previous notice."
TICKET OFFICE — t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific ¦ i Coast .Steamship Co.
B| NOME
V^»H GOLDFIELDS.
* THE STEAMSHIP .
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
C^nnectlns at Seattle with the Company's New
. and Splendid Steamship
'SENATOR
Fop Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 3Oth.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la*t
year, being one of the first to arrive tner».
landing all her passengers and freight wltaoue
loss, mishap or material delay. '
JF.or passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street!
GOODALL, PERKINS is CO.. Gen. Agti..
10 Marktt street.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only Steauahip Xjix&e to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through t-cketa to all
points, all rail or Htsamshlo and rail, at
. - LOWEST
STEAMER TICKETS ISCLUDE BERTH and XZAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA.... Sails May 23, June 2, 12. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER •
........Sails May 13, 2S. June T, 17. 71
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
1 . . m
"V\^LD GOOSE MINIXG AND TRAD-
ING COMPANY.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
; CHAS. D. LANE. -
NOME
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-
ENCE. ETC.
" SAILS JUNE 1.
Superior - First and Second Class Pas-
senger Accommodations.
50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
"and operates the Wild Goose Ry.
Heavy Machinery. . Barges. Etc.. Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market St.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
NOME, SlICflAEL
And All Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to. Change.
From San- Francisco. - - / - From Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND „ »
June 1 S. S. '.'ST. PAUL" June S
May 25 ...»S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...Juhs 19
•. ""CONEMAUGH" carries freight and lira
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to ~ ¦
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
S10 Sansome at.. San Francisco.
C0MPA8NIE BEKIRAM TR1H3ATLA5TIQU3
DIRE73T LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of iQujKft
Saturday, at 10 a. m. . from pter «. *-"""¦"*"*
North River, foot of Morton street. La. Bre-
tagne. May 30; La Champagne. June 6; *L*
Lorraine. June 13; *L'Aqultalne.. June 20.
First class to Ha'tfre. $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York; J. F. FUGAZI & CO.; Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Exaress Steamers. . .
AMERICAN LINE.
ItEW Y03K. SOUTH tO^DOH. ¦ PABI3L
.' ¦• Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. '
From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a." m.
St. Paul May 29 St. Louis... June 2S
St.. Louis June 5 St. Paul ..July 10
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis ..July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
From New York Every 'Wednesday. H noon.
Kensington May 29[ Southwark June 19
•Zeeland ..." June ol •Vaderland June 28
Friesland ....... -June 12' Kensington July I
•Stop at" Cherbourg, eastbound. ' • • •
¦ 1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOY^KISEN KAiSBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE AVHARF. COR-
ner First and Brar.nan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpso). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting, at Hongkong ' with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
ES AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1901
SS HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22. 1MI
SS. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17. 1901
i Round-trip tickets at reduced' rates. For
freight and passage apply at, company's office.
41 ¦ Market street, corner First.
; •-• W.-.H. AVERT. General Agent.
AAAanfiVC C #> a HAWAir, m'sku, her
SS. 1IARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for SamoS*
- New Zealand and Australia •
. .•..-„....:..-..... ..Thursday, May 30. 10a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) .....
¦ '-. ............: ....Saturday, June 8, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti ..•..;....„
..:....:......... .Sunday; June 30, at 4 p. m.
I D.SPRECJtELS & BR3S. CO., GaceraJ Agents. 327 tfarkst St
Sen'l Passsngep Offia, 643 Martst St.. Pisr lo. 7 ; Paeifis St
'HAMBURG-AMERICAN- LINE..
".•¦¦ ¦ -Twin-Screw Express Service.
' PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
COLUMBIA..... ...MAY 30.10 A. M.
F. Bismarck.... June 6|A. Victoria..... June 20
Deutschland -...June 13 1 Columbia. ..June 27
Twln-Scraw Pas32nq?r Service. .
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia June llWaldersee ......June 15
Patricia June 3!*Batavia June 23
•Sails ' to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg- A merlcao Line. 37 B"way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paciflo
Ccast. 401 California street.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and : South/ American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street, wharf, 12 m.
PALENA May30!TUCAPEL June n
COLOMBIA ....Junel2|AREQUIPA ....July-..
These steamers are built expressly for. On- -
tral and South American passenger iervtce.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
- BALFOUR. GUTHR1E &. CO.. Gen. A^ent-
; OCEAN TBAVEL'iV^
Teliei*, Behring,
Golofnln, ejev
vi.S. VALENCIA,;
i - CHARLES GRAHAM. Master.'- ':
?j Iwui' 'Leave SAN FRANCISCO. .
MAY 25, 1901,
"And Seattle . /. '.
MAY 30, 1901.
Far passage and freight apply to '. , ; . • ' ¦
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING COL.
30 CALIFORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
I Cor. of .First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle. "
PANAMA "bkisrr
TO NEW .YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 91O5 ; Steerage, $40.
S. S. Leelnnaw sails Monday, ' June 3
S. S. Arfeyll sails Monday,. June 24
S.'S. Leeanaw. ;«tnils Mondty,. July 15
.' xFrom Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. m.:.'
.Freight and. passenger office, 330 Market st.
F..F. CONNOR. . Pacific Coast Agent.?. ¦¦:.->,
(} BAT AND KIVEB STEAMEitS.
FOB/U; S. NAVY YARD AND :ViLLEJ9.
"Steamer;" Monticello." .
MON.. JUES.. WED.. THURS. AND* SAT.
it 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p..m. (except Thur»-
df night); Fridays. 1 p.m.and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. m., S p. m. Landing and office, Mis-
Hon-«c - Dock.-PUr N".~3. ~ Telephone M»ln" 1508.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
¦ (Wednesday),', at , 1:30 : o'clock, , from the ' resi-
. dence 'of his ' daughter; Mrs. ! C Johnson, " 43
Beaver street; between Noe and Castro, - Flf-
- teenth . and Sixteenth, and .thence -by; elec-'
; trie : funeral car leaving corner ; of Guerrero
and Eighteenth streets at 2:15 o'clock sharp
• to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for interment. . = .,
BRAUNBECK— In " this * city, - May " 19. ' 1901,
• Peter, beloved husband ¦ of Jacobine ¦ Braun-
beck, father of Louise, -Lizzie, Herman,
Marie, Hudla and Carl Braunbeck, f and : son
of Mrs. , Elizabeth Braunbeck, a native Of
Germany, aged 43 years and 5 - months.^ '• A
¦ member of DeutscherKrieger Verein; Verein
Eintracht; Pacific Stamm No. 66, U. O. R.'
M., r and Hessen- Singing 'Society. .(Chicago,
111., papers please copy.). . ¦
. - [CT'Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 515 /Thirtieth street, thence to B'nal
'B'rith Hall, 131 Eddy street, where services
. will be held, commencing at"2 o'clock. . In-
terment I. O. O.. F. Cemetery. Please -omit -
'flowers.. , . - , s -..-.. •..'•:
BURKE— In this city, May 20, 1901.- David
i Burke, a native of Ireland, aged '63 years. .
CALLAHAN— In New v York City, suddenly.
May )S, '-,1901.-. Catherine 'T..- Callahan, widow
of the late M; B. Callahan, -and mother Of
Henry C, Charles W., Mary E.. Katherine,
Caroline and Lily Callahan, Mrs. S.-V.- Petti--
grew and Mrs. William W. Deamer, a native
¦ of Mobile, Ala., aged' 71 years. —...-'«.,.
(CFNotlce. of. funeral hereafter.. ' • ¦'•",
COHN— In this city, May 20. 1901, Jennie Cohn,'
beloved sister of Mrs. R. Lippman, Mrr.E.
? Lewis and Mrs. H. Levy of Virginia Clty,-
Nev., a native, of Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras
County, ¦: Cal. , aged 34 . years and 3 ¦ months.
CROWE— At his residence, 1708 Turk street.
May 20, 1901, John Joseph. ••• dearly beloved
husband of Dido -Wilson Crowe.' father of J.
J. Crowe Jr., son of .the late Jdhn J. Crowe
and Mrs: J. Gaffney,- and brother of Mrs. M.
. F.. Bowes , and, Mark ; A. Crowe, i a native of
Sa"n.,Francisco, aged 37 years... ¦;¦• • - .
. " tC^Funerar' notice- hereafter. '. No flowers.
DULLEA— In this city/ May 19, 1901, Catherine
wife of the late Charles Dullea, and mother
of Johanna Dullea, and sister of Mrs Jo-
hanna' Hayes, , a native of the parish of Ard-
fleld, County Cork, Ireland, aged 91 years I
"months and 25 days. . . ¦ . , 9
Friends and acquaintances are re8pect-
" fully invited to attend . the funeral - this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence,, 14. Beideman street, off Ellis, be-
. tween Scott and Devisadero, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem ' mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
, Calvary Cemetery.:. . , • . . -:
FLANAGAN— In San Jose." May 18, 1901, Mary
E., beloved daughter of- the late Laurence
and Mary Flanagan, and sister of William
G., George, Charles,. John, Grace, Augustus
¦ and David Flanagan,, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years and 6 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late: resi-
dence, 153S Guerrero street, thence r to - St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will.be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ •
GARRITY— In . Oakland, May. 19, 1901, Thomas
F. Garrity, beloved husband of Marguerite
F. Garrity, and son of Margaret Garrity, and «
brother of James and Peter. Garrity and Mrs
Elizabeth Buckley, a native of Contra Costa
County, Cal., aged 36 years. ¦ j : .-
E3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of James McManus, 844 Castro street, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repese of his soul, commen-
cing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. -,,-..'. .. •
GIANNINI— In this city, May 18, 1901, John
Giannini, beloved husband of Jula "M. Gian-
nini, and father of Emiele, Edward, Ray-
mond and Vincent Giannini, and brother of
Andrea Giannini, a native of Switzerland-
aged 46 years 2 months and 2 days. A mem-
ber of ' . Cooks' Association of the Paclflc
-Coast and Swiss Benevolent Ticonese. (Pla-
cerville, Cal., papers please copy.) .
(C5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence, 2122 Filbert street, between • Webster
and Fillmore, thence to Odd. Fellows' - Hall,
corner of Market and Seventh streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Ophir Lodge No. 171,: I. o. O. F., commen-
cing at 2 o'clock. < Interment Laurel Hill
»Cemetery. ....-'.¦., ..... -
GREEN— In this city. May 18. 1901, Emma L.,
beloved daughter of Isabel and . the late
George W. Green, -and sister of Ada and
George W. Green and Mrs. W. J. Miller of
' San Rafael, a native of San Francisco. -
{C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3638 Twenty-third "street, corner of
Fair Oaks, thence to St. James Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
HARVEY— In this city. May 20, 1901, at his
residence, 1275 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, Albert J. Harvey, beloved hus-
band -of.' Abigail E. Harvey, a. ; native of
/ Michigan, .-y,-ed 58 years and 4 days. -...;. . .
HOWARTH— In this city, May 19, 1901," Joseph
M., dearly beloved ; husband of Hannah Ho-
>. warth, and brotherrln-law of Mr. and Mrs.
.Lawrence Smith and Mr. , and • Mrs. Thomas
• Keegan. a native of Bacup, Lancashire. Eng- '-
land, aged 34 -years -4 months ¦ and 8 days. •
. (Manchester, ¦ England, papers please -copy.)
' (cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦•¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral this-day
<Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
.parlors of Valeute. Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, thence -to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem . high mass will be
celebrated for. the repose of his soul, : cpm-
. menclng at • 9 o'clock precisely. Interment
Holy Cross • Cemetery. ;
JACKSON— In East Oakland, • May 19,-1901,
-.'Mary Cook, wife of Peter H. ''Jackson, a na-
,tlve of New York City, aged. 73 years.'. -
¦/: iCTFuneral and interment private -
KALIS-J-In this city, May 19. 1901, Minnie.
¦ wife of the late Francis Kails, and beloved
mother of Frank and Harry Kalis, Mrs.: Jo-
-eephlne Irvine. Mrs. Mathilda Lawrence and
Mrs. Allnnie Thompson, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years 8 months and 22 days. ' . ' •
[T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
•the California Undertaking Company. 405
. Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
." Olivet Cemetery, by carriages.
KELLER— In this city. May 19, 1901, John,
, dearly beloved son of William and Sophie
Keller, and brother of Charles, Effle, Willie,
Lena,' Minnie, Harry and Freddie Keller, a
native of Honolulu, H. I., aged 14 years 9
months and 21 days.
IT^"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 130 Lexington avenue, be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . . '
KIRBY— Entered into rest, in this city. May
20, 1901, Susan M. Kirby, beloved sister of
Mrs. Helen A. Bovee, aged 80 years.
I ICTInterment strictly private.
LYNCH— In this city. May 20, 1901, at his resi-
dence, 114 Welch street, John, beloved hus-
band of the late Elizabeth Lynch, and father
of John and Annie Lynch, a native of Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged 53 years. >. :
MacCASKIE— In. this city, May 20, 1901. Eve-
lyn Lucile, dearly beloved and .only .child of
James H. and Minnie MacCaskie, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 10 days. -
MARTORELLA— In this city. May, 20, 1901,
Antionyette, dearly beloved daughtef of John
and Antionyette Martorella, a native of San
¦ Francisco. • . '
MORGENSTERN-In this- city, May 20, 1901.
•Minna Morgenstern,'. beloved sister of Albert
and Alfred Morgenstern of San Francisco
and Mrs. Amaiie.: Leopold, Mrs. Pauline
Schmleder and Mrs. Emma Telchert of Ger-
' ' many, a native of Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 5 days. \ ; . : ; , . . .y ( .
peThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
. parlors of H. F. Maass, -917 Mission street.-
/ Interment private. ,, ., • -¦.-.._ ;
NORTON— In this city. May 20, 1901;- Addie
Louise Norton, ' beloved daughter of Dorothy
A and H. D. C. Barnhart, a native of Cali-
fornia, ajed 23 years. / . .
IDT Interment at Stockton Wednesday, on
the arrival of the morning train from San
- Francisco. - . ¦ . , : •
OLSBN— In this city, ' May • 17, 1901, Jens Olsen,
beloved ¦ brother of . Peter, Jacob. Johannes
and Christian Olsen, a native of Germany,
ased 37 years: . - : . .
- E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from- the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 , and 29 Fifth
street. ' Interment Laurel' Hill Cemetery.
QUALMAN— In this city. May . 18, .1901, Major
Charles Qualman, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 64 years-10 months and 28 days.'
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are "respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thls-.day.
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 609 Haight street. Interment National
Cemetery. . . ' ' - / ' . - • .
QUILL^-Court Star of: the Mission No.. 7197, A.
, o. F.— The officers and members are hereby
¦ notified to attend the funeral of 'our late
". brother, Bernard Quill, to take . place i this
day- (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, - from his late
residence, 752% Harrison street.
. S.' J. SEVERANCE, Chief Ranger.
WILLIAM CASHMAN, Secretary. . • : :
RAVEZZANI— In this city,- May 20, 1901, Eliza-
beth 'Ravezzani, " dearly beloved > wife '• of
':-¦ Emillo Ravezzani, and daughter of Mrs." Gui-
lla Leveroni, a native of Italy, aged 36 years.
BANDBERG— In Oakland, May 20. 1901, John
Albln, -beloved son of -Walfrled L. and Ade-
lina Sandberg, and brother. of Wilhelmla C.V
Walfrled J.. Jennie C. and George A. Sand-
berg, a native of Providence, R. I.. ; aged • 18
years 9 months and 19 days. (New England
papers please copy.) ¦•--. . . .- - ... :
(trFrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, •from, his late
-residence, 6524 Raymond street.' corner of
-Fairview. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ¦ ¦ :.".'.:'- . -' .: ¦ .-.'.,
SULLIVAN— In this city,. May 20. 1901, • Cath-
; erlne, beloved, wife; of the late John Sulli-
van, and I mother of. David,- John, Minnie • and
William Sulllvan, : a native of Ireland.
ffy Friends and acquaintances' are "respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her; late
; residence, 4070 Twenty-fourth street, thence
to St. James • Church, where a . solemn « re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated ¦ for ; the
repose of her soul, 'commencing 'at: 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery. .'.. ,
SULLIVAN— Near , San .' Juan,- La .- Union Prov-
ince, Luzon,- P. Z I., about March' 15.^1900,'
George B. Sullivan, beloved son, of Mary and.
the • late . Michael . Sullivan, and - brother of
-•Mrs. A. P. Mitchell and: John," Eugene rj,,
-James D. and Philip Sullivan, a native -of
MUSICAL aSTRPMEyTS—Coa;
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
eon. 1 Hal let & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
fcterling, $75. J125. $145. etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & RON. 16 O'Farrell st.
whickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of eelf-players.
tBARGAIXS — Clearance eale bargains; upright
pianos, $75 and upward; Stelnway, Knabe,
rBR n UE& a ?^ S^? squares JIO
"£™™^?&T22F££fi£ SCOTT -
IU7-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright- 217
Geary st.. room 28. - ,
A SMALL Chickerlns upright. $123; 6 uprights.
eecond-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market st., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
lIAROArx— Hurt be sold; nice upright piano
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllliter. next Hibernla Ba^ki
FT'PFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MT'LI-ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
LIGHT. Funny ofllc«>s $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
«.> bunding. ?27 Market ft. l
OIL LAXDS. ~
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking- for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the Ieadlnv oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 801 Examiner building.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Office. 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chtmce at 10c; big advanca
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. S26 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
eires; cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PAINTERS A.\D DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
SS up. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOESELLI. scientific palmist, BIS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black E61.
i.'UE. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
doctress. 624 Kearny st., 1 to 5 p. m. ; $L
MME. GERMAIN'E. the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 906 Market st.
Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
ing: lessons in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 13.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE fr«e; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth — Blood poison, itchinc skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
ivrlte for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located 62S Montgomery et.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
CHARLES M. HOERIDGE, left Radcllffe, nn
Manchester. England, 11 j'ears ago; was then
employed In Whitlcher Bleach Works. Mount
Sierra. Any Information would be gladly re-
ceived by his mother. MRS. WM. SMITH. 61
East Brooklyn St., North Adams, Mass.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 48S Geary st., and you
win not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or 6end for circular.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk 6t., Baa Francisco.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
ore side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York
institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st.. San Fran.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
S.-otch. $15 up; fine dress cults, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. J16 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
ifarket et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel,-44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
C5e to $150 per nljht; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus sind baggage to and from the ferry-
FCHOOL to learn halniresElng. hair wtjrk. man-
icuring: private lessons or claES. JMSS A. V.
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk andean NeES.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or d-Tible. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1312 Stockton et., near Broadway.
LADIES' tailor suits made to ' order; prices
roaFonable. S. KRAMER, Ladles' Tailor. 220
Powell st.
FHIL — Come home; everything all right.
GEORGE.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
CCRSETMAKEE and designer. lime. J. A.
l>uenberger, 247 Geary, opp. Union Square.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
TAILOR road* suits. $7 SO; dress pants, t2 60.
Miefit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
C9 Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
FPRircG, stvlea Standard patterns now ready.
¦•Domestic" office. 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
1'r. Hcrrlet Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
<-*>pt Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years'exper.
OI>D srold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
1 .ought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt. • -
[AdfcC and gents' cast-off clothing bought _and
foH. J. Sllverman. 8S4 Folsom; tel.Folsom 119L
AUnUEDCttS Egyptian Henna; restores irray
hair to its natural color; II: at all druggists.
MASQi'ERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
EDPSBFXXXMTB hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LamotteFs French Corn Paint, the best
coir, rure; 25c : all druggists.
CTTHAPHST ar.d best in America— The Weekly
•VII. 16 pap*"*, sent to any address in the
VnitPi Strtcs or Canada one'year fjr $L
rHTSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
ER. C. C. O'DONNELL^oTnce and residence.
K21 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
ER. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats til dlseas** of the human body: see
_ tr-'timnriiRiT wt office. 11S-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICMC SUPPLIES ~~
ON j-trur way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. S9 Market St.. for finest wines and
l'nuort: hlgrert house: open Sundays.
V V PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
tnidst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
Sn>ives for e*.le. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
real estate citv— for sale. •
all^eISuine^bargains in this~listT~
-Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
11300— Eight-room house on Union Et.; terms
half cash. „
SlT.tXf— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
IICOO — Seven-room house on Broadway; a snap.
E200 — Three flats near Mason and Sutter ets. ;
rents PL *
12500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
t240O— Five-room cottage. ¦ half a block from
Ninth and Market sta.
$3230— Seven-room house on Leavenworth st.;
Tery cheap.
$3SW— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission ets.
$3600 — Store, with rear rooms and flat above;
reduced from $4S00 to make sale; near Eddy st.
$7500— Four brand new flats; all rented; $72;
east of Van Ness ave. :
110,000— Stqre and 2 elegant flats; pay about 7
jier cent net J. ¦ .
$17 500— Two etorerf~and 2 flats; no vacancy In
E yparp: rents $107; lot 60-foot front.
jig jfio Grand Investment; modern improve-
ments: lot 70-foot front; near Taylor st.; rents
$1TC; all rented.
I $25.000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
$03,000— New improvements; rents $245; 50
feet front: close to Sutter and Leavenworth ets.
136.000— MisEicn St.; 70-foot frontage; down-
town district. . '.*¦"•
$155.000— Post st. corner, downtown: splendid
building: 6u feet front; paying 6 per cent net.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
MUST be sold to close estate of W. B. ALLEN,
deceased.
200x120— Cor. Nineteenth ave. and Clement st.
230x120 — Twenty-first ave., near Point Lobos.
2Sxl20— Point Lobos, near Nineteenth ave.
£OxlD0 — Point Lobos near Twenty-second ave.
R. BROTHERTON. Trustee.
Apply at VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. £13 California Et. -'
$22,000— FINE income property; 27 rooms, fur-
RniEhed: well rented; also 3 stores. Owner,
box 31C8. Call office. ¦' .
A. BALDASSI & CO.. 2C6 Montgomery ave.—
Doing 'fair buclr.efcs with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people.
IK you have Jots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W; J. CUNN. £30 California st.The delegation that waited on the rear
admiral consisted of Edwin W. Tucker,
J R Floud. D. C. Martin, H. J. Wolters,
Frank W. Bragg. G. H. Falrchild, J. J.
Searey and Edward Murphy. Chief En
gineer Robert Forsyth of the Union Iron
Works was also present at the presenta
tion. - .
In accepting this present from you I cannot
thank you enough. I am only sorry that I
have not a son to whom I can leave this as
a family heirloom.
vSlnce my visit to San Francisco I-Jiave re
ceived many Invitations to banquets, receptions
and drives, but I can e»mre you that no gath
ering has given me more pleasure that this
at which I meet you gentlemen. I have made
It my nolnt in life ever since I entered the
navy as a little boy to do all in my power to
help my fellow man. I consider It my duty
and shall always aim to do so. I am proud
of the marine engineers of America, and my
only word of advice to you is, "Go on and
still continue to raise the standard of efu
ciency In your profession.". . . . . „ ' .
At the conclusion of Tucker's remarks
Admiral Melville's face was a study. The
old man was too much of a sailor to show
his emotions, but he was human after all,
and one by one tears trickled down his
face as he accepted the modest little
token. In response the rear admiral said:
that would elevate and Improve . their condi
tion has caused your name to be looked upon
with reverence and admiration by all en
gineers throughout the United States. . We
earnestly hope that time will deal gently with
you, that you may continue your grood work,
and a.% Mho years roll by they may be filled
to overflowinK with the good things of this
life and be crowned with the success which
we all think you so richly deserve.
WELI^KNOWN SAN FRANCIS
CO BUSINESS MAN AND HIS
BRIDE. . i •
PKTITION - IN .;- INSOLVENCT.— J.* J. Mc-
Grath, • laborer, * Sacramento, filed : a- petition In
insoK'ency . yesterday , in 1 the United ' States , Di3»
trlct Court.. -He owes $441 SO and 'has n6 assns.
1 5 ; ¦-->>¦¦:,.,: • :¦:, '.•¦.¦•:. •."V '~- ¦¦;¦:¦,•.; ¦
Judge B. T." Williams of Ventura occu
pied Uhe bench in Judge Cook's court yes
terday. A" jury 'was secured for , the sec
ond trial of Arthur I. Sanchez on the
charge of criminal assault - and the case
will go on this morning. In the afternoon
the judge heard arguments on amotion
for ' the production- of the books of- the
San Francisco Department Mutuar Asso
ciation which -was denied.
Judge Williams on the Bei?ch.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
',. $20, including berth ¦ and meals, / for a
5 days' trip on the' elegant' steamship Cor
ona, ¦ sailing -. every ; Friday : for San ', Pedro
and Los 'Angeled,' calling, at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, Port Harford, Gavlota, Santa
Barbaras Ventura and other, interesting
points, allowing, time for passengers to go
a shore, J arriving i San •' Francisco. ~ Wednes
day morning; '-¦ . Pacific Coast . Steamship
Co. ; Office 4 New-Montgomery st.,' under
Palace Hotel. :-¦<:.'¦,.,;¦' v
For several days attention has. been
called to the great factory shoe sale that
will start Thursday. These shoes are of
a high grade, such as have been sold
right along in all the leading shoe stores
for $5 and $6 a pair. Of course, there are
somo $."{ 50 ladies' and men's shoes among
them. However, the purpose of this ar
ticle is to let you know that there will be
shoes sold for ladies, men and children
up-to-date, the very best of make, 'good
material, yet the price will suit. For ex
ample, $C shoes for $2 10, a pair, $5 shoes
for $1 65 a pair, $3 BO shoes for $1 20 a pair,
$2 50 shoes for 85c a pair. Everything will
be exactly 35c on the dollar. Every pair
will be marked in plain figures. . . Money
returned- if not ¦* satisfactory to your
mother. Sale will start Thursday at 9
a. m. at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Mar
ket street, near Third. ', : '•-.¦¦ •
A Word to the Wise.
_The engagement of Joseph Kilgour as
leading man-of:tho Alcazar Stock com
pany has closed sooner than originally in
tended. He appeared for; the last/time
Sunday night and will soon leave; for the
East."" Kilgour claims .¦ that .he had to
stand the insolence. of a "common stage
manager,", who told him that he was not
cast for this. week, and when asked what
his part was for, the following week met
with a discourteous pnswer. "I have been
too long in the profession," he said, "and
am too well known to be virtually sat
upon m such a- manner.".-: . . • *:
Manager Fred Belasco has another, story
to tell. He said that Kilgour wanted the
strong character; part- in "Friends"— that
of the drunken morphine fiend— which was
so -ably filled by Howard Scott, v but he
was told; not by.:the stage manager; but
by Belasco himself, jthat he would have
to take the leading part. \He was dissat:
isfled. and they mutually s agreed that he
should quit. "We.can get along very well
without him," said Belasco,*; "and 1 9 am
not at all sorry that he has left."
KILGOUR'S ENGAGEMENT.
IS ABRUPTLY CLOSED
He Is No Longer the Leading Man
of the Alcazar Stock Company. '
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 132 Ellis. Sell
furniture on easy payments. • ¦ •
Robs a Soldier.
Paul S. Phillips appeared in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday on a, charge of
grand larceny and the case was continued
till Saturday. It is alleged that Phillips
and another man robbed John McLaugh
lin, a soldier, in a saloon • on Seventh
street Saturday night of $20 cash and a
check for $30 on a Presidio saloon keeper,
which they cashed. Phillips was arrestea
by Policeman Connelly and identified by
McLaughlln.
Benjamin Schloss, crockery merchant,
403 Market street, secured a warrant from
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
Carl A. Bachem, his bookkeeper, on the
charge of .* felony embezzlement. The
amount named in the complaint as having
been stolen is $52 76. received from a firm
In Petaluma. An expert is going over the
books and it Is said that alreadv em
bezzlements aggregating $500. made! by
means of false entries, have been discov
ered. -Bachem had charge of the business
during Schloss' absence in Europe.
Accused of Embezzlement.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven's effort to secure
a. trial by jury to determine the validity
of the so-called pencil deeds. under which
she claimed property of the estate of the
late James G. Fair valued at 51.000,000 has
failed. A decision was handed down by
the Supreme Court yesterday affirming
the judgment , of the lower court, which,
after denying Mrs. Craven the right to
trial of the Issues involved In the case be
fore a jury, declared the deeds to be
forged, simulated and void. •
The deeds . which. Mrs. Craven and her
counsel were of opinion would be declared
valid by a jury were executed, it was
alleged by Mre. Craven, on September 8,
1894, and acknowledged before Notary J. J.
Cooney three days later.- They purported,
for the consideration of love and affection,
to convey to Mrs. j Craven two pieces of
real estate, one at the southwest corner
of Pine, and Sansome .streets, valued at
$400,000,^ the other on Twelfth and Mission
streets,, valued at $600,000.' /•:.-:
The opinion. of the Supreme Court was
reached in . the action . instituted . by the
executors of the will of the late James G.
Fair against Nettie R. Craven as defend
ant and appellant. The appeal was taken
by Mrs. Craven from a ruling of the court
denying- her motion for a trial by jury.
It was contended by, her counsel that the
action instituted by the executors of de
cedent's will to quiet Mr*. Craven's claim
to the property in question was one in law
and not an action for equitable considera
tion, and in view of their contention they
claimed the right to a hearing before a
i It was held by the court,. however, that
in the case both equitable and legal rights
were involved, and, exercising the right to
control the order of proof, it proceeded to
adjudicate the equitable issues. The court,
having found that all of the material facts
alleged by the plaintiffs -were supported
by the proof, issued an injunction forever
restraining Mrs. Craven "from asserting
or pretending that' the alleged deeds were
valid or genuine, or from claiming: or as
serting any right, title or interest in the
property- involved under the deeds." .It
was also decreed that Mrs. Craven had
no right, title or interest to the premises
and that the prayer of the complainants
that she should be compelled - to deliver
up the deeds for cancellation - should be
granted. .
: In the opinion of the Supreme Court,
which was written by Justice McFarland
and concurred in by Justices Van Dyke
and Garoutte, Justice Henshaw writing a
concurring opinion. Justice Temple dis
senting, it is held that the lower court did
not err in denying . Mrs. Craven's motion
for a.triaUby jury of the issues involved
In the action. »
"For.V says the court, "when the law
raises a presumption, without direct proof
of the validity of a conveyance— and Its
validity can only be made", to appear by
extrinsic evidence— a case is presented for
the.exerciee of the jurisdiction of a court
of . equity to compel the surrender 'and
cancellation of the instrument as a cloud
upon the title." ...
. Mrs.' Craven, as this opinion of the Su
preme Court only finally adjudicates the
motion for a trial by jury, will now return
to the ; Superior, Court and renew ¦ her mo
tion for a new trial of, the action which
was decided- against her. .If this motion
is denied she .will again appeal, and the
validitv of the deeds ;whlch the lower
court has i adjudged forged and void will
be passed upon by. the court of last resort
within the State.
Motion to Submit Pencil
Deeds -to a Jury Is
Denied. •
NETTIE GRAVEN
LOSES A POINT
The two women who were yesterday
"professed" have taken the names of Sis
ter Gertrude Paular and Sister Jane
Natali. The first named was known for
merly as Mrs. Gertrude Ames and has
peen a resident of San Francisco for many
years. She is also the first Sister Superior
of the Order of St. Savior. The order is
distinctly Calif ornian. The two have passed
their novitiate in the- community of St.
John the Baptist, a New York Institution,
and for the past six years have been dill
gent students, in practical philanthropies.
¦ The distinctive garb Is of black, with
long, flowing sleeves, white hood and col
lar, with a black veil that is seldom
thrown back. A girdle is worn about the
waist, and suspended from the neck Is a
large silver cross. The first work under
taken by the new sisters will be to estab
lish a church home ! for girls. . The one
now at 655 Folsom street will be presently
removed to larger quarters. Work among
the sick poor of the Good Samaritan Mis-'
sion is expected to consume* much of the
sisters' time. Wherever the Bishop directs
these self-sacrificing women will go. The
pretty little chapel was made 'beautiful
by elaborate floral adornments.
The chapel of the Protestant Episcopal
Old Ladies' Homo was last Friday the
scene of a solemn and rarely witnessed
ceremony in churches distinct from the
Roman communion. It began at the early
hourof 8:30 and was attended only by the
associates of the order of sisters and a^
few personal friends. It was a ceremony
of profession of two devoted women into
the order of St. Savior, in which the holy
vows of poverty, chastity and obedience
were taken and the rest of their lives ab
solutely devoted to good works.
The Bishop of California 'officiated, as
sisted by Rev. Edgar J. Lion, chaplain of
the home. .
The service is one especially adapted for
these particular occasions, and through
out is of the most solemn character — a
few prayers, the singing of hymns, sen
tences of exhortation and warning, and
concluding with the eucharist. During
the service the novitiates assume the
garb of the order, worldly dress is thrown
asiae, never to be returned. A plain gold
ring is placed upon a finger, significant of
the assumption of new relations toward
the church and the never-ending ob
ligations which have been undertaken.
The &ermon was preached by the Bishop.
After the services a breakfast was served
to those invited, and with; the hearty con
gratulations of their friends the sisters
were launched upon their new career."
the Order of St.
Savior.
Profession of Sisters Into
LIVES DEVOTED
TO GOOD WORKS
O'Connor disappeared during the excite
ment and spent the night peacefully in his
hammock aboard ship. Sunday morning
Gorman managed to reach Sausalito.
Yesterday there was a vacant block at
the racetrack. The story of the van
quished champion quickly made the
rounds of the ring. There 'will be an ex
cursion next Sunday to the Wisconsin to
afford the knights of the chamois a chance
to look upon the man who put the re
doubtable Gorman "out of business."
A hurry call to the harbor police brought
Sergeant Brophy and Officer O'Callahan,
who tenderly bore all that was left of the
bad man to the station. With the aid of
sponges and an assortment of bandages
that hid his features from sight Gorman
was installed for the night in the most
commodious cell of Sergeant Brophy'sr
bastile.
sin. In the promiscuous mixup that forth
with occurred there was little to mark the
wreck save Gorman's blood-stained linen
and Gorman himself.
TESTIMONIAL PRESENTED TO
REAR ADMIRAL MELVILLE
BY MARINE ENGINEERS.
Miss Ethel Barlow; made quite a hit at
the Olympia* last night. C. Ingham, the
equilibrist, .i"3 'a -big, feature on the new
J)ill. ,The programme throughout Is good.
Olympia.
Josephine Gassnian and her pickaninnies
are the headliners and scored a big hit in
their latest song, "Mamma's China
Twins.!' The Gillen trio are clever jug
glers. George and^Ethel Wilson, appear in
a novelty dancing • act, including their
-wonderful electric dance. "Little Ruth.Ro
land made her reappearance and repeated
her former big success. The, rest of the
bill Includes the best numbers from last
week's programme. New moving pictures.
Including the launching of the Ohio, were
also shown. ¦ : - /, ¦:_ . ;
Chutes.
One of the features of the entertainment
to be given on Elks' Nigrht at the Al
hambra Theatre, Wednesday, May, 28, will
be furnished by the Corinthian Club,
members . of which will, under the direc
tion of Messrs. Sloan and Harris, appear
in clever ; musical specialties. The fam
ous singer, Camille d'Arville, " has con
sented to appear on that evening:, and will
render several of her best-known songs.
The Associated - Managers, under, whose
auspices the affair is to be given, arc de
termined to make this one' of the greatest
vaudeville bills ever seen on a local stage.
There will doubtless be a rush to secure
tickets when the sale opens on Friday,
May' 24, at Sherman & ... Clay's . music
store. , - ¦ ,¦
Elks' Minstrel Show.
The programme of this week is full of
extraordinary interest. Miss Gladys Mld
dleton is a fine mezzo-soprano. The little
conjurer. La Petite Carita, gives a fine
act of black art. Carter and Gerald, the
popular comedians, keep the house in a
roar of laughter. William < McDonald
gives new songs. Miss Clara Palmer
Hyde is a fine violinist. The young sing
ers and dancers, Perry and Lovell,. are
very clever.
Fischer's Concert House.
The bride is a charming and clever
woman. Her paintings are highly spoken
of. She is also a linguist of much ability.
As she was about to start for Europe to
study art and as Mr. Newell was en route
to the large cities of Europe on busi
ness, the romantic decision of both to
Join hands before going is interesting.
Mr. and Mrs. Newell-" sail 1 on the Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse for London.
brother. The ' stoty works its Way
through gambling dens, opium joints,
Chinese missions and dance halls. Ed
ward Hickman as Hop Lee, head of the
highbinders, was clever, while Mathilde
Choate was I very I eood as Breezie, the
Queen of Chinatown. Lillian Rhoades as
Columbia, a Bowery newsgirl, and George
Bloomquest as Freckles, a Bowery boot
black, were the life of the play. Frederick
Hartley was Dan Driscoll. the villain,
and judging from the reception he re
ceived from the gallery he played the
part well. All the other characters were
well taken and the piece ; should draw
crowded houses 1 cr the remainder oj. the
week:
Mr. Newell is a" well-known business
man of this city, : a*. -member of the
Merchants' Exchange Association, and a
prominent and popular member of the
Bohemian Club.
AVERT pretty wedding, of interest
to San Franciscans, took place
yesterday in New York, when M.
A, Newell was united in mar
riage to Mrs. A. C. Halnes, who
has been visiting relatives in that city.
With the spoils of divers overnight
handicaps and selling races tucked com
fortably into his inside vest pocket, the
former pugilistic marvel of the betting
ling sallied forth to do the line. Where
the horse fraternity is wont to congregate
the belligerent bandow of the backstretch
ha'd matters his own way. After a pre
liminary session at Harry Corbett's.
where his thirst for blood was equaled
only by his thirst for other things, he
managed to make the inmates take
abruptly to the high timber, and retired
master of the situation. His itinerary in
cluded every saloon in the tenderloin, but
he failed to get a game in any. of them.
Gorman's campaign was of brief dura
tion. After he had backed everything off
the boards around town he started out
to tear holes in the water front. He last
ed ae long as it takes to tell it. Rounding
the corner of Howard and East streets he
ran afoul of the formidable bulk of John
O'Connor, able seaman from the Wiscon-
Gorman for many years was the terror
of the Chicago levee, and has carried a
chip on his shoulder since Luke Blackburn
was a yearling. He met his finish Satur
day night at the hands of- a seaman from
the battleship Wisconsin, and incidentally
had a chip carved from his right ear-as a
memento of the engagement.
Harry Gorman, erstvchile generalissimo
of the Tanforan field books, knife fighter,
professional knocker-out and, general all
round bad man. has come to grief.
Lands Right With,
Effect.
Able Seaman O'Connor
GORMAN LOSES
A BLOODY BATTLE
A committee informed the admiral sev
eral days ago that the organization ap
preciated the many kindly acts tflfet he
had done for it and that the committee
would like to call on him and pay their
respects. He accordingly informed them
that he would like them to call on him
last evening. He met them in his blunt
yet sincere manner and bade them wel
come. President Edwin W. Tucker pre
sented the handscme silver plate, on,
•which was enijraved a design of the
Ktef.mer Ventura. President Tucker said
in part:
Brother Melville: It is with feeling* of pride
and pleasure on behalf of the Marine En-
Cineers' Beneficial Association No. 35 that we
welcome you to our city. The untiring inter
rat that you have always manifested in the
welfare and advancement of the marine en
gineers, both in the nary and merchant ma
rine, and the fearless manner in which you
have advocated and supported all measures
There were no full-dress uniforms, no
flowery speeches— just a modest presenta
tion of a silver, plate to Rear Admiral
Melville, chief of the bureau of the Engi
neering Department of the United States
r.avy, from the Marine Engineers' Bene
ficial Association No. 252 of San Fran
cisco.
KE of the Quietest and yet most
Impressive little functions in con
nection with the Presidential visit
took place last evening at the
Palace Hotel.
Delegation Waits Upon Naval Officer and Shdws
Appreciation of His Kindness.
¦ ! ! — — — — a
Tivoli. / - :
"Tho Toymaker" drew a crowded house
at the. Tivoli 'last evening. This Is the
second week of this clever comic opera,
yet the attendance promises to be larger
than ever. Ferris Hartman is the, hit of
the show and sings several clever songs,
among them being "When Reuben Comes
to Town'" and. "A Thing, He Never Done
Before." Harry Cashman is good in char
acter parts and has a role that gives him
a good chance to show himself, which he
does not fail to do. Annie Myers is a fa
vorite of the house and as a doll . gives a
very dainty act.
/ Central.
There is enough of Incident In * the
'.'Shadows of a Great. City,", which opened
at the Central Theater last evening, to
keep the interest alive.'' In the first place
there Is a sensational escape of two con
victs from the prison at Blackwells.Isl
and, they carrying with them a child
whose death is sought by schemers who
are willing to -pay f or ¦ her murder. Then
there Is a battle on the rocks of Hell
Gate, eventuating lit the throwing over
board of the child arid her rescue by one
of the convicts. Next there comes along
the -arrest of ihe hero of the Hell • Gate
rocks, who is seized just after he has
made love | successfully to a young j lady
who is the child of the prison, now grown
up to young womanhood,- and the plot of
the play ripens., In the last act the hero
ine succeeds in showing that while her
lover is an escaped convict he was, really
innocent of the crime for which; he was
committed; With this happy turn of af
fairs bliss and the vindication of • inno
cence are not- .far . off,~- and crime receives
also its deserts. -
.. Grand Opera House. ' :
"The Queen of ; Chinatown" drew a
splendid house to the Grand Opera House
last night ' in splteof the .weather. ¦¦'., The
gallery gods were , out in -V force and- the
hero and heroine were recalled again and
again, ; while" .the i villain '¦„• was * roundly
hissed../' .;¦•"•¦ ;,:\ --^. •¦.:-< ¦¦.:;¦ -;.rfr;
: '¦ The play '.-. is based on the . abduction • of
the sister ;-. of an. officer : in' . the 'United
States Navy by i the Chinese of ..New
York and her subsequent ; rescue " by tha
:• California. ¦ .
Even the rain could not keep the" people'
evay from the California last night, the
secend night Of the second week; of Clyde
Fitch's "Barbara Frietchie." a tragedy of
the Civil War, with a suspicion of melo
drama, and played up to the hilt of thor
oughness by James Neill and his excellent
company. - ; ; ,
It is a peculiarly constructed play. Up
to the third act the work is done by
Edythe Chapman, the Barbara," and Mr.
Neill, the Captain Trumbull, of the cast.
Then when the captain goes upstairs to
die Barbara and Jack Negly (Donald
Bowles) do the tragic downstairs and
keep it up to the end of the tragic'chap
ter. Virtue is not rewarded, neither is
vice punished; the hero diesof.hls wound
in the home of his bitterest enemy, and
his sweetheart, the sister of the man who
shot him unto the death, falls stricken
with the bullet from the rifle of a maniac;
and them the play ends, and more's the
pity, for seldom has a character been so
well portrayed as that of Barbara by the
magnetic Edythe.
- Orpheum.
The Orpheum has a: programme this
week which the many regular patrons of
the house will treasure in their memories
as the "best ever." Of all the great vo
calists that have warbled their way into
favor at this popular house none can excel
Grace Van Studdiford. She is beautiful of
face and form and has a glorious well
trained voice that pleases the ear and
grips the heart of those that hear her.
Al Leach and the Three Rosebuds do a
musical sketch,, "Examination Day at
School." that is brimful of fun and humor.
Lew Sully made his initial bow to a San
Francisco audience with a sack full of
brand new jokes and an infectious method
of delivery that provoked his audience to
noisy good humor long before the point of
each story was reached. Dave Genaro and
Ray Bailey, a graceful pair of leg and toe
contortionists; Burton and Brooks in a
specialty, "A Quiet Evening at the Club,"
a tidy bit stuffed full of jests, are all new
members on this week's programme. Bar
rows is seen once more In his great suc
cess of last-year. "Tactics." This Is prob
ably one^of the best playlets on the
vaudeville stage, and continued perform
ances . have not dulled .the spirit of the
star and his supporting company. The
Bison City Quartet is the only hold-over;
but they have a new offering for this
.week, repeating, however, the songs that
won them favor before.
-So often has "Heartsease" been given
here that probably 'two-thirds of the audi
ence at the Columbia- Theater last night
knew the play almost line by line; and
situation by situation. Their interest
therefore was chiefly to ascertain whether
Mr. Miller had recovered from the throat
affection that troubled him last summer
and whether the company he has brought
Is "competent properly to support him in
the plays he proposes to give. It is pleas
ant to be able to answer in the affirma
tive both the queries implied in this state
ment. Mr. . Miller's ; voice seems entirely
restored by the. rest he took last autumn,
and his company, though not quite equal
perhaps to- last year's, averages well
enough to make the performance smooth
and effective. - - , - T
Of that last year's company— the best I
have ever seen in San Francisco — only
Miss Elliston returns. Her face and voice
are pleasing as .ever, while her power of
characterization has improved. As .to
Miss Rockwell, it is no disparagement to
her to say that she is' not a Miss Anglin,
for Miss Anglin is one of the best half
dozen actresses in the United States. Miss
Rockwell, though a young lady of intelli
gence and charm, has not risen quite as
high as that yet. Miss Eustace as Lady
Neville .seemed to me a great improve-,
ment upon; Mrs. Boucicault.
Mr. Miller's acting needs no description
or • commendation from me. Suffice It -to
say that I cannot imagine how anybody
could play Eric Temple better than he;
Indeed, it is this fatal excellence which
ha» condemned him to play this role so
otten; that way lies danger. Of the other
gentlemen Arthur Elliott showed an excel
lence that made even an uninteresting
part interesting. • „
Mr. Miller had four or five curtain calls
after the third act, but sensibly refused
to make a speech. Would he had power
also to abolish the curtain call! But no in
fluence: terrestrial can stay the hand of
the American public when raised to shat
ter the mirror of dramatic Illusion.
' • L. DU PONT STLB.
Alcazar.
The capacity of the ¦ Alcazar Theater
was tested to its utmost last night, not
withstanding the rain,' when the old fa
vorite "The First Born" was reproduced.
The only one of the original cast is
Charles Bryant, the pipe bowl mender,
but the other characters were happily as
signed. Miss Lila Convere made a very
charming and engaging Loey Tsing, and
fairly caught the. sympathy of the large
audience in the last scene. Howard Scott
as Chan Wang, the wronged husband and
father of Chan Toy, was powerful and ef-»
fective, and Barton Hill as Dr. Pow Len
was dignified und gracious. Charles Bry
ant is inimitable as the pipe bowl mender.
The scenery Is excellent and the music up
to the Chinese mark. The clever little
drama should have a long and successful
run. It Is preceded by the farce comedy
"Glorlana," which kept the large audience
in almost Incessant laughter. The situa
tions are funny in the extreme and the
most was made out of them by the com- 1
pany. All the characters are well sus
tained, and Frank Bacon as Splnks as
tonished his friends by a really clever
piece of acting In the second act, in .which
he impersonates th'e diplomat. ,
"First- Born "^Revived at the
Alcazar— Pine Bill at .
. ¦; ¦;¦/;• Orpheum.
Opens in " Heartsease"
at the Columbia
Theater.
MILLER AGAIN
IN GOOD VOICE
MARINE ENGINEERS PRESENT
TOKEN TO ADMIRAL MEL VI LLE
WILL JOURNEY TO EUROPE
ON THEIR BRIDAL TOUR
Wedding of Mrs. A. C. Hairies and 1*1. A:
Newell Is Celebrated in Empire City.
BUTCHERS WILL
HAVE AN OUTING
tion at" Shell Mound
To-Morrow.
Eighth Annual Celebra-
Great Programme of Games*
Dancing and Horse
Racing.
The eighth annual picnic and .outing of'
the Butchers' Board of Trade will be cele
brated in regal style at Shell Mound Park
and ; Oakland race track to-morrow. A
monater programme of sports has been
arranged, ' and It is the intention of the
various committees to make "butchers
day" this year surpass all affairs of the
kind in- the past. The markets through
out the city will ciose, and the railroad
company has made all provisions to ac
commodate the immense throng.
At Shell Mound Park young and old can
participate in games of every variety, for
which valuable prizes will be offered.
There will be music and dancing in the
pavilion, -with handsome awards for tha
most artistic amateur .caxewalkera. The
California Jockey Club ftas kindly donated
the use of its track for this- occasion, and
a grand programme of harness and run
ning events will be furnished for thoso
fond of this branch of sport. Some of tha
beat -horses now In training at Oakland
track have been entered, and the pick of
the riding talent will be seen in the saddle.
Purses aggregating more than $10CO wil!
be given away, and a band of music will
enliven the proceedings. -
The entries for tht; running events are
as follows:
Third race— For maiden three-year-olds and
upward, three-quarters of a mile: Illlluon. De
betlck Louise Hooker, Triple Cross, Yodel.
Cavanaugh, Judge Shropshire," Senator Matts,
Sweet Voice. ;
Fifth race— Four-year-olds and upward; flvo
pounds below the scale, one mile: Rapido, Be
gonia, Sisquoc. Boardman. "Whaleback, Sam
Danncnbaum.
- Ninth race — Four-year-olds and upward, seven
pounds below tha scale, six furlongs: Mldlove,
Flamero, Tenrica, Rainier, Gllasando, Morfnga
and Rlnaldo.
Account in Fargo- Estate.
The account of J. M. Quay, George Da
vidson and Duane Fargo, as executors of
the will of the late Calvin Fenton Fargo,
•was filed yesterday. The report shows
that during the period covered by the ac
count the receipts amounted to J131.433 99.
The expenditures aggregated $115,010 61,
which leaves a balance on hand of $16,
422 2S. • •
THE SAN FKANCISCO C^LL r TUESDAY, MAX 21. 1901.
12
w^vsA^' • ' " -
f \ VI M ur sn . ocs £' ve * one t0 c Q^^*^/^
s^t/ women their i peculiar \^~C^ /g^y-^
y/ft\ ' (/ I charm of appearance, that W&Ijx&r
/ *'\ I \\ / l ' ie^' wcre invariably well j§li©«Ssi
/ '. /\ I \\ shod. The Frenchwoman S^Silii
/ V" "V \ would rather lose her lyNSisH
I * \'^ breakfast than appear in an j|g = ragg
I \ \ Tv unlovely shoe. A . modish . . f&MJfSI
\\ \ \ \ shoe gives tone to one's gjj 3§§||j
\\ I \ \ entire apparel. After years MeS^I
\\ I t \ of friendly acquaintance 8OuH*iil
\\ i \ WIt ' 1 l ' lc shoc-kur! 11 " pub- ¦ jfgl =]Bffl '
\ \ I \ \ lie of San Francisco we Pifl £ EJEa
t I iWv \ nave evolved A NEW J& I Egg
/ / I \ Vwl tne ni °*t popular footgear Pl^S^iS
I I I \\ vNffl - n an Francisco — fash- -v>. ffiflMvul
I I v V *Q / m ' ss sce ' n f? them, or if you
' \ v / 1/ can't come to town write to pB^SPUsi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap is not only the best
in all ] the worlci for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in- j
ventor of shaving stick:
soap.
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts ;
of stores sell ft, especially druggists.
i ~
Cured While
Qo^X You Sleep
Ji$&!&mr In Fifteen Days
•*aran-8olT«nt'*aissolTe« Stricture H*e snow b«»
ueath the nxn. reduces Enlarged Prostate as*
strengthens the Seminal Dacu, stopping Drains aad
Emissions In yifteen Days.
No drags to rain tno icomach, but » direct loeat
and posture application to the entire ax«thra,l tract,
Gran-SoWem Is not a liquid. It Is prepared l»
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and nexlal*
aad so narrow as to pass the closest Strictuw.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Th« St. James Asmu. Box 834. Cincinnati, C na«
prepared at g reat expense an exhanst- pnrM
RiWtrated Treatise opon tha male L U L L |
«r>teaL, which tb«r wUl send to any rflLLi
male applicant, . ¦¦»*•¦¦¦
SL-JAMESASSN., 250 ca n %obto.
srvunr^m ;
§\ ?Ji B O if
World Famous Mariani Tonic
The medical profession as well
as all who have used Vin Mariani
pronounce it unequaled.
.All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
OR, MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Dls- 2*P^ • j
ease and Weakness jSjfo -J
Wished 1S81. Consul- i&ffl
tatlon and private vSift. I /-JL.I
book free, at office wtoiV! rrC«&J
or by mail. Cures V*V ; inJ&Jp5HS | ' r
guaranteed. 731
Market street (ele- l^**raS*Jra?
vator entrance;, -.^iV/fF^S^^
San Francisco. •*a£Es$^s'^2Pafc2c3*
m'^J&l&sS' PLATES. $4.00
iJ-^^^jS-' FILLINGS. 25
g—^^^KL,CD0WNS.. 3.50
H/^m^/tf^TEN YEARS'
I'/lM XRSv GUARANTEB
I "VANVR00M"
0 PAINLESS DENTISTRY. 5
1 1031 MARKET ST., Cor. 6th. f
mMQNDLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
I Special Utewrej Blood Poison, GonorrnoBa.Gleet,
Stricture, Sc«niliial Weakness. Impotencpand their
allied Disorders. Boot on Diseases of Men, free.
Over20yenrVexperieiice.Term» reasonable. Hours.
9 to 3 daily ; 6:30 to3. 30 ov'ks. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tationfreeand3acredly confidential. Can oraddreu
- P. ROSCOE aicNCI/rY. 31. D.
2OK KearnySt^ ISnn Fraarltco. Csl-
CANDY CATHARTIC *"
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold In buft.
' Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "iust as good.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
-For the care of GONORRHEA. GT.F.F.T3. -
STRICTURES aad anaJogous complaints or ta*
Organs of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For aal« by druKffista.