*9«sJ«a uunely to Ms omevrs for aMlataae*
in planning th» campaign, berglnff thalr
adrios on •very point On* of th» men
remarked at th« tim» in an aside, "Cus
/ ttr must b« coins to die. ho acts so
¦ ftueer." -
Stranger yet was the story of his little*
daughter. Miles and miles away from him
though she was, she ran to the house at
what afterward proved to bo the tlm» of
his death and eried that the Indians weru
killing papa and he was calling for help.
Th« child -was nervously prostrated and
could not be coaxed out of her frigrht or
out of the firm belief that sha had heart
ker papa calling for hsla
THE above statement was made to
Dr. Lo'.and, the city Coroner, my
self and several other witnesses, in
the hali of the Rotunda buildin?.
Just in front -of the office of^he
British consulate, about 0 o'clock on the
evening of the l&th of July. by. Alexander
Norman of the Rotunda butld!n«, south
east corner of Battery and Washington
etrec-ts. The date is of great importance,
because at that very moment the British
Consul. W. Clayton Pickersgill. lay
dangerously ill in a sanatorium at Ala
meda. None of us were aware of this
fact, but next afternoon, when the Con
sul's death was publicly announced, we
recalled with a feeling of awe and.won
der the statement made by Norman and
the remarkable astral appearance he
claimed to have seen. It is obvious that
if he had rr.ade his statement after the
dealh of the Consul there would have
Lern nothing to the story. The apparition
| would have been put down xvrely as a
trick of Norman's fevered Imagination, or
perhaps as an attempt on his part to gain
notoriety.
third floor, opening Into passages wmen,
run the length* of the- building. At tht
rear a transverse passage connects these,
so that it is possible for anybody starting
from one stairway to walk right around
the interior and come down at the other
end of the hall. Now, admitting the real
ity of Norman's ghostly visitant, we must
ask ourselves what he was doing in 'the
building at that time of night. . . <¦ •
Judging from the directlon:in which th«
apparition approached it seems probable
that he had been to the consulate and had
ascended the stairway at the right-hand
end of the hall, /while. Norman used the
one on the left." 'a hen .the captain must
have made his way around the passages,
Peeking, doubtless from sheer., force of
habit,' the room in which his j live body
dwelt so long. All this, of course, is mere
Supposition; any man is at perfect liberty
to disbelieve it. But the death of Consul
Pickersgill so soon afterward supplies a
reasonable motive for this! astral visit,
and we may.well suppose that. his objec
tive point was the consulate, .which, of
course, he found locked at that hour of
the, night. / ' Y : ' • , i
An old • print In the VAnnals j of San
Francisco," published in 1854, shows the
building with a great dome, or. rotunda!
towering above '. the roof, -hence the name
by which it is etlll known.'- An . earth-'
quake, however, played havoc with .this
excrescence, ' and it was ; - never rebuilt.
me ' property came 'Into v the : possession - of '
the,; late .Thomas" Jennings .some jj twenty
years ago' and is still managed by hisex-:
. ecutors. Despite; the, glo'omy. arid' forbid- ','
ding;' appearance Vof. s - the "interior '- it"* is^ a",
busy center,' particularly; for shipping' peo-""
pie.". i The place' is I popularly :¦*, known;', as
Limejuice ' • Corner, so .." many |
British : sailors .congregate Ithere c f or^the .
purpose o< attending. the : shipping t offlce!at\.
their ¦ consulate. ;/,The , Italian ; Consul i also
has his headquarters , there/ arid the. great'i
hall," once 'a N courtroom, >Is ( now; used as : a ;
school for navigation. The pilots^are also >"
' to be; found; in; a largej corner; room;: and »
¦'. below are the offices of numerous custom- fi
house' brokers, who flnd'.the situation" most'* •
convenient for their business." Altogether 1 ,
the lower . floof.is a bustling, . interesting ;
place, but' the upper story is almost" uu- '
j tenanted., .'Beyond' a 'few permanent.real
• dents' no one everj visits these dark;.nar
'row ;; passagesT.' • in i gloomy, soli
,',tude,Vthe -walls- hide; in 'silence-their. tale
of ..fvityV years' of ; a'; bustling, city's .'life.
r Who ; knows the" many ,'strarige' and .weird
'¦'events: which have' happened in "this nia's
'sive! old '"structure?. One feels asone walks
.through .the 'dimly ]\ lighted ;halls . that ' the
• air. is; heavy; withhold and; lorig-forgotten
associations.' ".The ;placehas,; if '1'mayj.use
>\ the ; terni,V a ~ creepy f eel,; and • it " is . quite in i
t. accord ' with..' the :• fitness , of ', things • that a
f ghost Bhould-appear, there. V/*.,:/^ ,
. >^Therel are"' plenty of ; instances "on record
X where' death • has ' been predicted In ¦ similar
r ghostly ".: :ways.v These;are;either"authen
;¦•' tic; or i. are ' believed * to » be, and \ many » of
¦ them? concern the great; men and', women
-' of : history, while there la probably at
least one such story in the 'private knowl
edge of each one. of us.
<• The -ghost of .Mary that was said to
walk; in the tower last Christmas is the
most. recent striking instance of a death
premonition." A * watchman in the tower
of London heard the footsteps of the sad
Mary, .the Mary who is saiyto.walk al
!ways on the Christmas eve before the
death of. England's ruler. The. watch
man's' story was told immediately, and
.the death of Victoria folio-wed - within a
few weeks.- Here was an ; instance like
that of .the British Consul and Captain
.Waterman: riot " the wraith of _ the one
about" to die, but of another, ;; gave the
warning./ :, ; . ;¦.¦>-:¦
; A", remarkable instance; concerned the
death of General Custer- at, the> massacre
of 'Little. Big. Horn. He felfthe approach
of death" himself; he must have known as
well as ' if : he" had been told" that he was
going to his death on that horrible 'day.
Those : who knew; him well and were'with
him said afterward that he .was a- changed
man ; he had been accustomed : to - be ar
bitrary, .dogmatic, .: asking " no advice and
giving no '"confidence: "On .the- day "when
he and his command reached the borders
of the territory; where the . Indians -.were
he. became; what in a man of. his caliber
teemed almost panic-stricken. Ha ap-
General Lytle. tne soiaier-poet, predict
ed 'his own d^eath at Chickamauga and
made preparation for it, asking that a
member of his staff remain by his side
during the battle that his body might be
cared for. Such instances, have been fre
quent among soldiers. General Deasalx's
premonition on the eve of the battle of
Marenso was another in point.
The next day the battle had been going
or only a Jew hours when Dessaix was
shot through the heart.
He had always been a brave man and
liad won his greatest laurels in Egypt.
He had not fought in any of Napoleon's
European battles, and this battle seemed
to cause him anxiety. The night befor*
It he said to a number of his staff offl
ccrs: "Something will happen to me to
morrow. It is a long time since I fought
in Europe and the bullets here don't know
me any more." He went about arrang
ing his affairs as calmly as If he were on
a death bed. He ordered one of his staff
to remain close beside him on the morrow,
lie drew up his papers.
General Fitz John Porter tells of thre*
duch instances which he saw_ during 1 the
Mexican war.
. Captain. Drum and First Lieutenant
Benjamin of his battery j both felt tho
same conviction that they were to die at
the siege of the City of Mexico. They told
Porter of it, and no cheering worda that
he conld say in any way affected their
belief. "I»n't borrow trouble," he urged
them, but to no avail. And their fore
warning proved only too true. It was not
long before the tire of the Mexican infan
try wounded them both mortally.
• Lieutenant Gannt was another officer la
the same siege who predicted his own
.death. "Good-by, Porter; I shall never
see you again,", he said, and truly.
Lord Nelson prepared himself to die on
the eve of Trafalgar. He arranged all his
papers, adding a. codicil to his will. On th«
¦day of- the battle he dressed in his showy
uniform, remarking to those who object
ed tothe target that his insignia made:
"In honor I have won them; in honor I
will, die in them.',* ,
In modern history of war is the instance
of Hamilton Fish Jr., sergeant of a.com
pany of Roosevelt's Rough Riders. H Bo
fore the advance on" Santiago de Cuba h»
told a group of friends that he would b«
killed in the first light. .
J. F. ROSE-SOI^BX.
- But ( Norman is not" an imaginative-!
younj? man, nor has he any craving for
notoriety. He is- simply a plain, honest,
hard-working young fellow, and the look
of sincerity stamped on his face shows
that he thoroughly believes the truth of
his own narrative! Whether the specter
really existed or not Is a question upon
which the skeptic and believer in occult
ism may take sides, but at any rate there
is no doubt that Norman is sure he saw it.
Was It a wraith or warning apparition
come to announce the death of some one
connected with the building? Such things
belong to the realms of traditional lore;
primitive folk all over vne world have be
lieved In them for ages. The Scotch
Highlanders have a firmly rooted super
stition that the wraith or spectral appear
ance of a person about to die appears to
his friends at a distance and forewarn*
them of the event. But the peculiarity ;of
this case is that it was not the double "of
Consul Pickersgill which appeared; it was
his old-time friend. Captain Waterman,
who came with the ghostly message.
Now Captain Waterman was an aged
mariner, who had for many years occu
pied a room In this gloomy old building.
In his latter days he had fallen into needy
circumstances and eked out a precarious
livelihood as a peddler or agent. The
kindly hearted Consul Pickersgill sympa
thized with the poor old fellow and many
a time helped him out of a tight place.
Did the late captain, with occult, vision,
see the approach of his benefactor's death
and leave his resting place on the other
side to give what warning he could of the
sad event? If this had happened in ths
middle ages we should not have been sur
prised, but In modern, up-to-date, bust
ling, highly civilized San Francisco it Is
quite a different story.
Dr. Leland, the Coroner, is a clear
headed medical man, whose pra/etice has
given him much experience of the pecu
liarities of the human mind. "I quite be
lieve," he says, "that Norman believes
he saw the vision or apparition, or what
ever it was. But' that does not amount
to saying that it had really a tangible
psychical existence. I should put it down
as a case of hallucination, probably due
to overwrought nerves. All the same, If
I really believed I had seen such an ap-.
"paritlon nothing would induce me to con
tinue living in the building." ..
And Coroner Leland is right, for it cer
tainly Is an uncanny old structure, where
a man of sensitive nerves might, readily
imagine all kinds of blood-curdling things.
It Is one of the few early time large of
fice buildings, dating back fronvthe '50's,
left in San Francisco. With the' huge
Montgomery block, but a short distance
away, it stands as an enduring monument
to the enterprise of the pioneers of that
golden era,* Unlike most of the other
buildings of that time, it has never been
modernized — It l.as never even been fitted
with an elevator. Viewed from the light'
of the present day the Interior plan of the
structure is somewhat peculiar. It is only
three stories in height, "and a -wide stair
way leads from the entrance on Battery
street to the second floor, where, there is
a large, lofty hall. Behind this is a great
room, originally designed for the Mer
chants' Exchange. Later on, in 1861, when
Sacramento was flooded out, it was used
by the California Legislature as a State
Capitol, and afterward it became | the
meeting place of the Federal Supreme
Court. On this foor, in the front, is the
large office of the British consulate,
where the late W. Clayton PickerBgill
Bpent all his working hours and did so
much valuable service 10 his countrymen.
In view of Norman's statement it be
comes important to consider jthe Interior
plan of the structure. Two narrow wind-
Ing stairways lead from this hall to the
/CAME home late last night,
having been to the theater with
a friend. I live on the third
floor, which is reached by a wind
ing staircase turning from the main
hallway on the second floor. The
stairs arc old and creak very much,
so, not wishing to disturb the jan
itor's wife, zcho sleeps on the same
floor, we took off our shoes at the
foot of the hall staircase.
"I went up first, my friend de
laving below. When I reached the
top I could sec clear dozen the long
passage which leads to the rear of
the building. There was a gas
light burning and there zvas suffi
cient light to see anybody quite
plainly. The passage was empty,
but as I zcas about to go along it
I heard footsteps coming along the
other passage at the rear of the
building, which crosses this one at
right angles. I hesitated, feeling
somczi'hat nervous, and wondering
who could be walking about the old
building at this time of night. It
might be a burglar.
"T'-c footsteps sounded quite
loudly on the bare boards. They
came nearer and nearer. Whoever
it was ez'idcntly carried a stick, for
I could hear it tap-tapping on the
floor. Then it turned the corner,
and in the full light' I saw Captain
Waterman, who used to live in the
building, and who died several
months ago.
"I am positive it was the cap
tain, for I knew him well. He was
dressed just as he used to be in
life, in a shabby suit of dark
clothes, and had the same old felt
hat on his head. His stick was the
seme, too, and he leaned on it in
the same way, for he was old and
weak. As he came closer I could
distinguish- his features clearly.
The, only thing peculiar about him
was his eyes, which seemed to have
an uncanny gleam in than.
"When he got about half way
along the passage he seemed to sec
inc. He hesitated, stopped in front
of one of the doorj for a moment,
then titrncd and walked rapidly
back, disappearing around the cor
ner.
"Of course I was frightened. In
fact I think I was paralyzed with
horror for the moment. Then I
gained strength to call out to my
friend, 'Come up, quick, here's
Captain Waterman.' My friend
came up, but lie saw nothing, for
by that time the captain had gone
around the corner.
"I was perfectly sober, for I
hair aki'ays been a teetotaler. I
never bclicz'cd in ghosts before, but
now I think differently. I am as
certain as I stand here that I saw
Captain Waterman."
THE BRITISH CONSUL
AND HIS
FRIEND'S
WRAITH.'. Soon the 'officer, with his gold laced uni
form . and his bright . sword, \ returned. I
expected to be sent away, but instead of
that he smilingly led me: into a . large
room in which \ 1 1 found a I group of grave
gentlemen looking at me' with a good deal
of] curiosity. Approaching oldest of
, Being compelled to leave Valencia on
th.e following day to join my steamer and
having an engagement at the clubfor that
"evening, I requested the officer. to return,
state these facts to. the President and're
peat my desire to be admitted then. The
Cabinet, I added, would not be in my way
at all; Indeed, that I should be glad to
include them in my interview. '
I sent in 'my card, asking for an inter
view. Soon an aid invited, me to enter and
informed me that hetwas charged by his
Excellency to express regrets that I could
not be received at once because a Cabinet
meeting was then in session, but that the
President would be pleased to see me' at
7 o'clock'in the evening, i :
to suspicion of being a conspirator for a
revolution.
:. "Do you speak French?", was the first
question I. propounded. "No, senor." "Do
you speak" English or German?" "Only
Spanish." But you have some one who
can interpret for me?;' "Yes,'.' and beck
oning to a young officer about 25 years of.
age, dressed in the showy but Mil-fitting,
uniform of a . captain, that individual'
pompously stepped forward and stated. in.
a confident voice, '"I speak English"— "Je
parle Francais." His attempt to translate ¦
the first sentence which I -addressed to
the President in French showed- that the
captain was only a. beginner in the: use
of that tongue, and when -I changed to
English it became apparent that he. knew
still less ofttie language of England and
America, so, although my vo6abulary of
Spanish is very limited, -I .turned to the
President, and said: "Will your excel
lency kindly permit an attempt to use the
Spanish language' in this interview?" He
them T addressed mm as senor Fresiaente.
whsn he pointed smilingly to the youngest
gentleman in the group, saying, El" Serior
Presidente. . 4 '.:¦',¦
cannon and by martial music; troops
were drawn up on the platform.; A mem
ber of. our party for a moment' thought
that the reception was in his honor, but
before he could prepare ¦ " his speech "of
acknowledgment a modest gentleman
stepped from the train and. was received
with tumultuous applause. .He proved to
be one of the generals of the army.; My
curiosity being excited; I, left; my. grip at
the hotel and instructed my driver to fol
low the military procession, which finally
took position in front of the palace of tile
President of the state of Carabobo.
Crowds of people were looking through
the iron bars of the windows, which in
this climate . are , nearly s always without
glass, into a large room on the ground
floor, where could be seen the executive in
consultation, with some members of his
cabinet. It does hot appear, to be bad
form in South America to look into the
living. rooms of a family or into the of
fice of a merchant or an official. -Indeed,
I was told that to drive people away from
the front of your house will lay. you{ open
positions with his cwn adherents. Then
only does he order :yi election for Presi
dents and Governois of the various
States, which election is little more than
a ratification of the will of the dictator.
This is the course that v/as pursued by
Castro. That he is a man of unusual
bravery even his enemies admit. Twenty
nine times since he came into power he
has been called upon to defend his title on
the field of battle and has done so each
time victoriously. Rome weeks before our
visit last February dissatisfaction had
manifested Itself among the soldiers of
one of the regiments. * When that fact
was reported to the President he ran, un
accompanied by any' one, with drawn
sword into the barracks, rushed among
the mutineers, cut two of them down, and
then, with flashing eyes. looked about him.
and said, "Who else among you Is dis
satisfied?" The soldiers, filled with ad
miration for such bravery, broke into
cheer after cheer for President Ciprlano
Castro and from malcontents were at
once converted into ardent admirers of so
bold a leader.
If political stability could be secured for
Venezuela the republic would be. sure to
attract' sufficient capital to bring^pro
nounced prosperity. At present a valuable
harvest of coffee, sugar, cocoa, etc., is at
the mercy of the first -revolutionary
leader who needs funds. If the planter
whose harvest is taken belongs to 'the
party of the revolutionist he receives
scrip in payment. This scrip, worthless
if the revolution fails, has only moderate
prcrpect . for redemption .if the rising is
successful, unless the crop or merchan
dise so taken belongs to 'a' foreigner, ¦when
his Government is likely to ask for per
haps ten times the value of- the actual
loss, and a compromise 'settlement Is apr
to be made lor one-half the sum asked.
I had the good fortune to become well
acquainted with the individual who holds
the position second In power to that of the
President of Venezuela, for he is the Gov
ernor of the State of Carabobo, the largest
of the fifteen commonwealths that consti
tute the republic It came about as fol
lows: We had left the port of La Guayra
for the capital; the distance as the bird
flies to Caraccas is six miles, but the
traveler covers twenty-three miles be
tween the two points over one of the most
remaikable railroads in the world, which
ascends four thousand feet to the moun
tain of La Silla, from which the view of
the ocean is inspiring.
After a twenty-four hours' stay in Car-,
acas I* went to Valencia, the second larg
est town in the republic. Arriving at the
station I was surprised by the firing of
It Is the unwritten law of Venezuela
that the successful leader of a revolution
becomes temporary President or dictator.
In that capacity he removes all important
officialr, including the Governor:* or Pres
idents of the several States, and fills these
Characteristic of the instability of po
litical conditions In the country was the
remark of a wealthy resident of the cap
ital made to the writer .on that occasion.
"It is not impossible," • said hp. "that
when Castro returns the Yellow. House
(President's official residence) may have
another occupant."
President Castro's avowed ambition is
to be considered by his countrymen a
¦worthy follower of Bolivar. If the saying
"Uneasy lies the head that wears the
crown" does net apply to the chief mag
istrate of Venezuela it is because that of
ficial wears a wide-brimmed sombrero in
stead of a crown. But that the life of this
ruler of the northernmost republic of
South America is insecure and that he Is
aware of the fact is manifest. When he
drives through the streets his carriage Is
preceded by two armed outriders and fol
lowed by a troop of cavalry. When he left
Caracas for a few hours to dine on board
of our steamer he was constantly sur
rounded in the street, at the station and
in the railway carriage by armed men.
Caracas Is the capital of the country.
The pavements of the streets of the city
are in a deplorable condition as a result
of a recent earthquake. Driving there
lore is uncomfortable, and not a few
buildings are cracked, some even in a
dangerous state. Among the interesting
buildings are the Federal Palace (Yellow
House), Crico del Torro (bull fight rink),
the university, the museum, the theater
and the pantheon. In the market place
stands a sun dial made by Alexander von
Humboldt, the celebrated author of "Cos
mos." The pantheon Is the Westminster
Abbey of Venezuela. Here are buried its
•noted dead— men who have rendered such
Bervice to the republic as entitles them to
a niche in this temple of fame. The chief
place appropriately is given to General
Bolivar, who was In a fight with the
French' In behalf of the American colo
nies, then returned to his own country
and having fired the hearts of his people
with his own enthusiasm for liberty, led
them to victory against Spain, and so be
came the liberator of his country and the
Washington of South America.
Nominally Liberal, gome of the acts of
the Government are despotic. It aims to
be able to locate at all times the where
abouts of every traveler as well as the
whereabouts of every citizen in the repub
lic, bo that each person purchasing a rail
way ticket Is obliged to state in writing
over his own signature the place from
•which he hails and the place of his desti
nation.
The two principal parties ars Liberals,
represented by the nresent Government,
and the Nationals, now in insurrection.
A few years ago a faction of the Liber
als, headed by the then President, advo
cated the division of the country into
twenty-one states in violation of the con
stitution, whiph provides only for fifteen
commonwealths. Castro In this dispute,
which as usual culminated in rebellion,
led the defenders of the constitution, and
being victorious was swept into power.
one year must Intervene before be
can be re-elected. An attempt made In
IS92 to disregard this provision led to a
revolution. Revolutions here, as in all
Spanish- American countries, are frequent.
Bocks on the history "of Venezuela are
unreliable because they are compiled by
partisans. Not many books of history are
for sale, because those written by the ad
herents of one side are suppressed so soon
as the opposite side goes into power. But
without these books sufficient data arc
available to show that the chief magis
trate is changed more frequently by re
bellion than by the expiration of the legal
term.
VE5CEZUELA is s conTe3eration or
•tales with a constitution not un
like our own. The President's term
is four year*, after which at least
. The Japanese have become manufactur
ers of buttons en a very considerable
scale.
You should always wait some time after
you bathe before blowing your nose, and
then you should do it gently.
Of course, one blows his nose because
there is some ' salt water In It. which
makes him uncomfortable. This water ho
forces into the little Euctachian tube that
runs from behind the nose to the ear.
Here the water remains for days, and the
particles of salt set up inflammation. The
next step is that the Eustachian -tubes
get blocked and remain more or. less so
permanently, causing partial deafness.
harder of hearing than when they
left hoi*;.
"The cause of. this Is blowing the nose
after bathing." ; .\
- crra NUMBER of people come horns
//'\- from the seaside quite deaf, and
\ery many if not deaf are much
Not Safe to Blow Your
Nose After Bathing
¦'-"cqulesced gracefully and althougn i wna
• conscious that my sentences were fear
fully' and wonderfully made and must
.have been a source of amusement to the
five or six gentlemen who listened to me,
only an occasional smile showed that the
President or his friends noticed my nu
merous blunders. Indeed, they all ap
peared interested and some one was al
ways ready to, help me out with a word
when I was in' need of a suggestion.
Having received permission to use the
interview for publication I suggested that
it might add to the interest of the story
if the President would let me take his
photograph. After a little hesitation, he
replied: "If you take my picture it must
include that of my official family." This
suited me exactly, and so all stepped out
in the courtyard and submitted to be
posed by my traveling companion, a well
known. Colorado mining speculator, and
the picture was taken. ,
A military officer who had been an In-'
terested spectator . then stepped up and
said: "Senor, since you have taken the
Vcivil portion of the President's official
family, do you not think that you should
also photograph his military staff ?"'• "We
cheerfully consented and soon a group of
officers composing some of the flower of
the Venezuelan,, army were captured by
an unarmed American.
It was then suggested to postpone the
remainder of the interview until after
dinner to permit the Cabinet to finish its
business, and it was agreed that an aid
should be sent for us in the evening. On
arriving at our hotel we found that the
general in whose honor the military dis
'play had taken place earlier in the day
was a guest at the same hostelry. As he
was alone we invited him to dine with us
The general speaks only Spanish and my
friend from Colorado nothing but English,
so; the conversation was exclusively be
tween the general, and me. Before the
meal, was completed/ the captain who had
attempted to act .as interpreter was an
nounced and declared his readiness to
conduct us to the palace- He was invited
to take a glass of w!ne. Freemasonry be
came the' subject of conversation; that
¦ order seemingly has grown In favor of
late in Venezuela. When the captain found
that" both he and I were Masons he sud
denly became excited; jumped from his
seat and to my; horror/ threw his arms
about me, pressed me to his bosom and
hugged and kiBced me In spite of (all the
resistance 'that I could , offer. ¦ - - 1
On returning to the President's mansion
I. spent another very enjoyable hour. Don
Geronimo Maldonado is scarcely 25 years
of age:. he is the youngest man who has
ever held the position of Governor of a
state in either North. Central or South
America. He has taken part in several
revolutions and has proven himself an
able officer in battle and a fearless fighter.
Educated as a physician, he is also an
author, having written and published four
books, one of which treating on the poli
tics of his country*, he presented
to your correspondent. He is as
suming and possesses considerable mag
netism and seems to be 'a born lead
er of men. Personally he is more at
tractive than his picture would lead one
to suppose. Having reached at his age in
point of influence and power and dignity
the second position in his native land, one
need not be a prophet to foresee that
sooner or later he will become the Presi
dent of the entire confederacy. "When I
expressed this view to him I added that
•whenever the telegram would announca
his elevation to the Presidential chair I
would claim it as my privilege to be the
hrst one to send from the United States a
congratulatory dispatch. These remarks
did not apparently displease him and they
were received with applause by his
friends. Jokingly I added that I would
try to find some American maiden fit to
be the bride of such a hero, that I would
show her his photo and if it pleased the
maiden send her picture In return. "Who
will speak first?
It is the dream of both CiDiiano Castro
and Geronimo Maldonado to elevate ths
rank and file of their army to the dignity
of European and American soldiers, anil""
if they succeed Venezuela will take front
rank among Spanish-American republics.
The Venezuelan army now consists of
20,000 men. A law for making- military
service compulsory, modeled after that oJ
France or Germany, Js now under con
sideration, but in the past and now when
recruits are needed an officer with a flls
of soldiers is sent into the streets of tha
city or in the country roads and twenty,
thirty or more young^fellows belonging to
the lower walks of life are captured after
the style of the press gang of the English
navy of a century ago. The recruit is
made to serve at a distance from his
home. His family waits for his return a
few days or a week and then first sur
mises and afterward settles into the con
viction that the young man has gone to
become one of the soldiers of his country.
Illiterate, forced into the ranks, with
out pride in their profession, what can
such men know about true courage, mili
tary honor or patriotism? It is- not sur
prising, therefore, that when they are
taken prisoners in battle, instead of going
to prison they join their captors and fight
against their former friends. One regi
ment of American troops under a Roose
ve!t or a Funston could march from one )
end of Venezuela to the other without
successful resistance from the army of
that country as It exists to-day.
THE ;:SUKDAX: CALIi.,
2
VENEZUELA AND HER REVOLUTIONSMaybe so. But considering the hideous
ness of their yells I felt at liberty to.
doubt the theory. The fortitude of my in
formant, however. In undertaking another
trip with the same outfit, in the face of
the experience he had so recently under
gone, could not but excite ray admiration, 1
and I straightway proceeded to cultivate
him. My new acquaintance "proved to be
a civilian resident of an army.post.ln the
heart of the Indian country; and being
thoroughly conversant with the, territory
through which. we were passing his com
panionship, constituted a. most enlighten
ing feature of our trijj. Added to this, "he
was something of a philosopher In his own
way. which fact he demonstrated about
the -time the darkness began to disperse.
Observing by the faint light which sifted,
in through the drawn curtains that; this"
denizen of the frontier was to all appear
ances unarmed— a most unconventional
"You see," be explained, "this Is a new
crew— Just dowm from the mountains— and
the last trip having brought the three Into
contact with a military canteen for the
first time they naturally filled up on all
the firewater, in the shape of native mes
cal, that came within their reach. Result
— a smash-up, of course.' But," he added;
encouragingly, "that was twenty-four
hours ago and no doubt they're sobered
up by this time." -
low traveler, who happened to be one of
the passengers at the time, and who ac
counted for its origin as follows: >
It is reported" that large quantities of
evaporated food are being furnished the
British army from Santa Tomas, Guate
mala: and that the Government of Ja
maica is taking a keen interest In the
question, as a favorable outcome seems
probable. The perfecting of the process
will, it is thought, practically revolution
ize the. tropical fruit trade.'
The process of evaporation has been ap
plied with great success in Central Amer
ican countries to bananas, a dozen mar
ketable commodities having been evolved
out of the surplus and smaller fruits. -Aa
the machinery is not elaborate and tha
original cost of the fruit almost nothing,
it is possible to market the products at a
small cost. Other tropical products,
among them the cassava and okra, having
been • experimented upon, it was found in
almost every case that the evaporated ar
ticle retains its full nutritive quality.
has for some years been success*
fully tried ln the cduntnes of Australasia.
The new system is one of evaporation. Its
qualifications, which fender it superior to
other processe3, being the quickness with
which it is accomplished and the absolute
cleanliness insured; Five. or six hours is
all that is required to change fresh fruit
into an article which will keep for months
and' years and still preserve the original
flavor— in some cases actually improve it.
Australian indorsement carries with It th«
seal of Gcvernment approval, as the foo*»
stuffs of the country are subjected to tha
most careful analysis before they are con
sidered as staples.
NEW SYSTEM TO
PRESERVE FRUIT
SYSTEM of fruit preservation If
II \\ now beins introduced into the "West
il Indies and Central America, which.
."?¦'•¦ :' "' • • "¦' " '. ¦.¦¦-.-¦ ¦- a . ' ¦". •¦'. ¦ '¦•.:".¦ ¦-/.¦ V ...!""¦-:¦
circumstance for'these parts—I took occa-",
sion to express my surprise at the fact;
to which comment he responded in his
somewhat unique vocabulary: "Oh. I.
reckon I'd be heeled fast enough any- <
where outside this particular wagon. But
I've figured it'out. that the less valuables
you show along: this road the better your
chances are for/getting through with a
whole skin.. Now, there's nothing a Yaqui
Indian will covet qulcker'n a good shoot-
ing iron-like either of those you.an; your. •
partner.are sporting, for example. And
he'd a heap, sooner pick you off for the
chance he'd stand of bagging .your gun
than he would me if he knew I had a' mil-,
lion dollars in my clothes. You see, .
money's-.no object whatsoever to -the
Yaqui, while shooting utensils are both
his capital and religion. Besides.": he
added . deprecatingly. . "there's no use
spoiling your ride by looking for trouble
from beginning to end of It. For if the /
Yaquis happen to spot, you anywhere
along, the line they'll sure get you, ,an«l
without giving you a shade of achanee to'
argue the point with em. Is there any
reeord-of.a.live Yac:ul ever.having been; .
seen torn this^stage? Notone. But o^
the'other, hand. hes,spotted no end of '
travelers in his timers the dead list wiil:
show. There was the American photo-
- ,'. • ' »fl» f ~™ u« ' .„ ?"> I
graphing outfit from Hermosillo, for m- .
stance; two In the party, and the last ones -
In here' before; yourselves. Well. 1 thev *
• , .• -. •¦„ . • -.¦*"•' in-"
wererarmed.tMhe .eyeb.ojys and .under-
Ktcok.ao^et .through: t^ Alamos, . at the ,
S^S^e^^ir^ou^; :
the very seat you re sitting on. ' .-. .-.
Here was an altcgether new Ver; iOn ag
to the proper conventiinalitics to observe^i"
t .. ¦¦- . .», v , , • ¦ .:
while en route through .he Yaqui domain. V
During the - progress of my interlocutur'§
theorizing 1 repeatedly: caught myself in
the act of casting skeptical glance? at my
erstwhile trusry Colt', "which, to insure,
convenience, .'¦ I had switched around on
my beU t0 a position immediately in line
With my; rlght tye. And the'camera man
meanwhile was equally distrustful of; the
policy he had'e.spoused, for he eyed the
Winchester, that'.rested athwart his knees
in a way that convinced me he heartily
wished it were his tripod. There's a deal
mOre of truth than jest in these random
details "of that brief but singularly imrres-
Blve discourse on the.ore-s'dedness of ln
dlan bushwhacking ethics.- And the char
ac ter. of the country, with its ominous
jungles of cactus "and chaparral through
which the road at'intervals plunged, tend
cd { 0 enhance our respect for the phlloso
phy of our cempatriofof the Sonora fron
tler ln ncT small measure.ytV,.>3
While continuinn on our way the indi
vIdual in ~ question pointed out to us vari
-ous spots of historlcal interest connected
witn,the present war.: As we approached
an especially densotl.'icket he suddenly:
{,tserved, -i thiT]k i said awhile back that
a llve y af,ui n'£j never been seen by trav
elersalong this route-but there's a dead
one over in yonder tfe^that any or.e can
look at " ' '
; W^onoW»he direction indicated and.
t. ¦ • u t- ..i , ,
sure t-nouph. beheld a bseaching skeleton
dans,ing from, the , limb of a n.esquite
. • • , : ;/.~-.v¦'-..'
. ' ,,,? ' . ,,, ', .' ' v •
"You'll see others like him at various
oints- a]nrg tll0;rcad.-wa S theuncanny
suran,e , volICHsdfed by. our- friend.
;-Th ty^,,^: -l.n S,r .there,ythe;M, X.
- ¦-..-¦ .... ¦ • ¦ ¦ . ,- . .
Jnarks the spot where a whole.batta!ion of
M^. a-n- 8.:5«« Wi Pet tOUt^. 1
of'the war in a right with, the Indians,
YoVWe. theVdevils decoyed - the soldiers
jnto one' of" their ambUHcaaes . and ¦ ti.cn
: picked.thtm,oil one alter" another frota
The chief point of interest we passed
in the course of this early morning in
terval was a sudden swerve in the road
where the same diligencia had been cap
sized on its last inbound trip, which mis
hap had resulted in a broken leg to one,
besides various bruises sustained by oth
er of the occupants. The detail? of this
little Incident were furnished us by a fel-
For the first four hours of the journey
the darkness of our somewhat spare ac
commodations 'was of an Intensity that,
under ordinary circumstances, must cer
tainly have produced a corresponding de
gree of monotony. Not so in this case,
however. The Yaqui driver and his staff
were too industriously occupied with in
fusing life into the motive power of our
equipage to admlt^of any such tendency
to dullness. The power in question con
sisted of half a dozen diminutive mules,
hitched two abreast in the rear and four
in the van, after the prevalent custom
of the country. The characteristic per
versity of this curiously incorporated
strinsr explained the necessity of so largo
a corps of drivers. Their method was for
the chief functionary to hold the lines,
while his two lieutenants raced along on
either side of the unwilling team, which
they sought to terrorize into a perpetual
scamper through the- agency of long
lashed whips of the blacksnake variety.
This heroic process '¦ the entire trip con
tinuously interspersed with a series of
such hair-curling warwheoops as only the
Indian can devise. AH of which consti
tuted a most suggestive, accompaniment
to our silent reflections on the long list
of casualties, to which we' were" aware
our chosen route was solely indebted "for
its fame.
However, as previously explained, con
ditiens had improved somewhat at the
time we undertook the trip, quite two
¦weeks having elaosed since the last mas
sacre had been enacted on the road we
were to traverse. Nevertheless, on the.
occasion of our visit to Hermosillo, it
had occurred to General Torres that wa
might feel more at ease if accompanied
by an armed escort over the most hostile
portions of the route^to which end I car
ried- the necessary credentials, entitling;
us to such protection at any of tha mili
tary outposts we would pass. - ~ •
At all events there was clearly no other
salvation for the company's contract, and
the experiment was forthwith put to the
test. The innovation worked to perfec
tion—so far as the mails were concerned.
Tru*. the belligerent hostiles, from their
roadside retreats, continued to make tar
gets of such passengers as were so un
wary as to obtrude their personalities
from behind the wagon screens. . but tfce
vehicle it?elf, so long as a Yaqul driver
was perched on the box, never once failed
to get through on schedule time.
It was the postal subsidy that mast be
protected— the passengers could look out
for themselves. .
custodians calls for a word of history con
cerning the brave old •wagon wherein we
were projected awaj r on our happy-go
lucky assignment of ascertaining how
matters etood In this long-waged conflict
on the Mexican frontier. The convey
ance la owned and operated by a coni
pany whose headquarters is somewhere
In the heart of the Mexican Sierras, at the
further extremity of the road from Guay
mu. The specific name of this institu
tion. If It has one. Is nowhere in evidence
sJonr Its line of travel, notwithstanding:
irhlch It Is entitled to 'pronounced credit
for It* magnificent nerve in having con
tracted with the Mexican Government to
carry the mall to the various army potts
located at intervals throughout the hostile
country. True, the dangers threatening
the leagues of desert highway that must
be traversed each trip are, thanks to the
rigorously conducted campaign of the
Mexican troops, Jess grave than formerly;
which condition, however, does not alter
the fact that the service has continued
right along throughout the whole prog
ress of the war, and with eincular regu
larity, considering: the frequency with
¦which the drivers and their crews at the
outstart had to be renewed. The^rel.mt
less policy of the Yaquis in repeatedly
picking off the Mexican drivers, and the
consequent dearth of these functionaries,
that early developed, impejled the stage
company to resort to a desperate expe
dient. It was reasoned that the Yaquis
were in the habit of sending out members
of their band from time to time to seek
employment on the various haciendas
with a view to replenishing their ammuni
tion and -other supplies essential to the
continuance of hostilities. Therefore, why
not secure immunity for the Government
malls by recruiting their stage crews from
among these ubiquitous tribesmen? True,
such a. measure promised no additional
safeguard to their passenger service,*i)Ut
then the company had never made any
to eay nothing of contracts
with the traveling: public, on that,. score.
>*"yUATMAS, Mexico.— To be roused
I / out of a rosy slumber at .2
V/TT o'clock on a moonless morning and
ctarted on a twenty-league ride in
a vehicle known as a "Mexican dlll
fttda" Is, at best, not the most cheerful
of traveling propositions. And the fur
ther knowledge that the twenty leagues
In question lie through the heart of one
of the most hostile Indian countries civili
sations ever grappled with ls\ in no Bense
a relief to the situation. However, such
were precisely the circumstances under
which we set forth— the camera man and
myself— from Guaymas to the region
where the Yaqui war is In progress. More
ever, unlikely as It may seem, the crew
ef our diligencia consisted of a trio of the
noisiest and withal most questionable ap
pearing savages this self-same tribe of
Taquis could well produce.
The unique personality of our Immediate
'At another point we -were shown a large
mesquite tree," between two top branches
of which a board was secured. This rude
contrivance had been intended as a look
out tower by a company of soldiers sent
to patrol the district. /.The ".invention,
however, had speedily proved a .failure,
for the first sentry who mounted to the
perch was picked . off by a Yaqui sharp
shooter before he: had secured so much
as a preliminary glimpse of the surround-
We stopped the diligencia long enough
to secure a photograph of the grewsoma
thing in the mesquite tree, and then re
sumed our journey. A little farther on we
drove into the village of Las Guasimas,
the first military post of importance in
the Yaqui country." g The place consisted
of an adobe cuartel, or barracks,' sur
rounded by a wretched assortment of
thatched Indian huts. Here we had ex
pected to secure an armed escort, as the
remainder of our journey lay through the
very hotbed of the hostile district. But,
upon applying to the officer in command,
we were informed that his entire garrison
had gone in pursuit of a band of Yaquis
that only two days before had visited the
suburbs of the village and made off to the
mountains with a bunch of fourteen cattle
belonging to the post. This raid was sup
posed to- have been made by the largest
of the various marauding bands, in retal
iation for the defeat they had sustained
j at the hands of the Mexicans a short time
previously. On the occasion in question
the troops had . tracked ' the hostiles to
their principal stronghold in the Sierras
de la Bacatete, and, in the fight that, en
sued ten Yaquis were killed, forty women
and children taken prisoners and the vil
lage destroyed. The casualties sustained
by the Mexicans in this engagement were
but four wounded. The captive Indian
women and children were confined in the
cuartelat this place, where we were per
mitted to photograph them. "When first
brought to 1the post they were in a pitiable
condition from lack of food and harsh
treatment at the hands of their aboriginal
lords and masters. Hence their present
captivity, insuring them, as it does, plen
tiful food and kindly protection, is in tha
nature of a boon to them.
-) On bur way from Las- Guasimas to tho
Rio Yaqui we passed through out of the
most desolate regions I have ever trav
ersed, its chief danger lying in its closa
proximity, to the mountains, from which
the. Indians can command a view of the
road for miles at a stretchi ' In the course
of the afternoon our 1 traveling ,compan
ion pointed out to us the spot, opposite a
' deep ravine near the roadside, .where two
¦weeks previously one of the crudest trag
edies of the war had been enacted. -Here
a party of travelers, consisting of two
men, two women. and two little children,
were fired upon by' the Yaquis, who were
secreted in the ravine, and all but one of ,
the two women. killed outright. The wom
an who survived had a most 'miraculous
escape, her child being killed in her arms,
at which she fell fainting among her dead
companions in the road. Here she lay for
hours before recovering,' and meanwhile
the Indians, thinking their awful' work
complete, had made off.^thus enabling the
• bereaved -wife .and mother tOgain the
nearest post in safety.'
their* hiding places in the cactus "beds,
where nothing that's human could reach
them. That's their favorite style ot flght
/ing In fact, a Yaqui will never show
fight unless ha has the sure drop on his
intended "victim. Their time for bush
whacking on a large scale, however, like
the bloody -massacre at this point, is past
now', for the Mexicans have cut up what's
left of them into small disorganized bands
that go - skulking about in the chaparral
cr^ie in wait near the roadside for trav
elers without escort."
Ing country. Thereafter the soldiers took
it for granted there were Indiana In their
vicinity and the sentry stand in the mes
quite tree was condemned as a superflu
ous evil.
Night was far advanced before our dill
gencia rolled into Torin, the chief out
post on the Rio Yaqui, which was to b«
our headquarters during our sojourn In
the Indian country. Here wo were cour
teously received by Colonel Vega, chief
of General Torres' staff, who is imme
diately in command of the 4000 Mexican,
troops in the field. , On the following;
morning we were given an escort consist
ing of a lieutenant and five native guards
men, and thus equipped at once proceeded
on our Journey through the Rio TaquI
basin. The Taqul is a beautiful crystal
line stream of considerable volume and,
winds its tortuous course ' through a. val
ley of surpassing fertility. It was this
region that the Indiana ', were formerly *
allotted by the Mexican Government as
their exclusive domain. There is abso
lutely no evidence, however, that Its rich
Iand3 have ever been cultivated by them,
as it is to a great extent densely over
grown with mesqulte trees. In the midst
of these thickets the Taquis have dwelt
for many years, constantly fostering their
deep-seated hatred of the white man and
his civilized tendencies. The missionary
priests have labored among them in vain,
as the more earnestly they would strive
for the uplifting of the Taqul the mora
bitterly they would be despised by him.
And notwithstanding hl3 perversity h«
has been suffered for years to retain con
trol of this beautiful region— until at
length his barbarous policy of death and
destruction could be no longer endured.
And this Is the story in brief of how the
Yaqul came to be expelled from the land
of his fathers— and why his heritage la
henceforth destined to J>ecome the heri
tage of others. ~* •*--, ~,
.— -
THE SUNDAY CALL..
3
THROUGH THE HOSTILE
YAQUI
COUNTRYIt is announced that a very • Important
feature "of the Aaron Burr romance,
"Blennerhassett," will be the: twelve full
page illustrations made from sketches in'
oil by. C. H. Stephens of Philadelphia.
The order was placed with the artist last
fall, and hie has been. allowed the utmost
freedom -in reading the author's manu
script' in order to select from the many
strong dramatic ; incidents of the romance
those scenes which were most susceptible
to vivid treatment j on canvas. "In those
scenes where Aaron Burr and Theodosia
Burr, Harman Blennerhassett. and hia
wife Mareojet and Alexander Hamilton
The jntiTe?jting and the Important fea
tures of this southern continent are clar
ly set /.orth in "The South American Re
publics." by W. Fisher Markwick,' D. D..
and William A. Smith,. M. A. The book
tells of the ordinary and the curious as
pects of life, of the social and business
customs of the people, their amusements
and responsibilities. It gives descriptions
of animals and birds, scenery," trees, flow
ers and fruits. The progressive side of
th:: countries, the industries and com
merce, the cities, the public buildings and
the magnificent railroad engineering, are
given the attention they deserve. Nothing
The South American Republics.
South America is a continent of many
surprises for the majority of people in
these United States. We recollect having
heard of the haif-mythical jungles of the
Amazon and the monsters that inhabit
them, but cities as enterprising and as
rapid In growth as Chicago seem an
anomaly in our Southern hemisphere.
When once our attention 'is drawtj to
them, however, we are easily convinced
that the ten South American republics
are too important and too interesting to
be neglected. ;. '¦¦">'. .•
SOMETHING ABOUT THE AUTHOR OF
"THE SUPREME SURRENDER"
mR. A. MAURICE LOW." the au
thor of "The Supreme Surren
der" (Harper's), was born in. Lon
don, but has spent the best years
of his life in "this country. He was edu
cated in. London and Austria, and after
leaving college entered an architect's of
fice in London. Some business 'interests
of his father's brought him to .this coun
try, hisintentlon being to*'remain only a
few months, but once here the month3
ran into . years, and he sealed his affec
tion for his adopted country by marrying
an American girl. The first, few years of
his* life in America were spent in com
mercial pursuits, but a^ natural love of
writing caused: him to; drift into- journal
ism, :and for.some^ years past AVashington
has been his home*. As a Washington cor
respondent he has. a 'refutation ( on both
sides of the" Atlantic, due to ""some .^ very
notable journalistic ''beats." In,England
he made the first publication of the agree
rhent : by which the Venezuelan ; boundary
dispute was to be arbitrated arid the full
text "of - the Olney-Pauncefote '^general
treaty of ¦* arbitration.' In this , country
Great-. Britain's determination,- to -resist
further [.capture | of J her j sealers In Bering:
Sea, the resolution reached by ''President
Cleveland to compel a' settlement \ of the
long standing Venezuelan" boundary "dis
pute and several other important matters
were first made' public through Mr. Low's
A. MAURICE VliOW;
dispatches. For- many ¦ years' he • has ; been
In . charge of !. the 'Washington' bureau 'of
the Boston Globe, the chief American" cor
respondent of the London Daily Chroni
cle, the American editor/ of | the .National
Review j of .'; London and a frequent., con
tributor to the leading American and Eng
lish reviews and periodicals. He has an
established reputation', as a " political ', writ-
ter and is. an. authority on foreign affairs.
His .page .in. Harper's Weekly on Euro
pean politics, under the : title "Trans-At
lantic. Topics," is widely read and copied.
¦\Alth6ugh "The Supreme Surrender*' is
Mr. Low's first novel, it is not his first
work of "llction, as he has written several
short stories, but the. short •' story 'is a
form of literature r which he dislikes.- A
newspaper j man's training insures versa
tility, and this faculty Mr. Low possesses
in a marked \ degree. ¦ He is equally at
home -whether, writing a newspaper dis
patch!. forecasting the result of a political
convention or. picturesquely telling how a
President is .elected; . delving deep into
statistics .'to -.trace .; the , movement of the
world's commerce covering a quarter of a
century,' or, fit may be, describing a pic
ture of war as he saw it'for the first time
in Cuba: : % Ari- account which he" wrote on
the -battlefield',' with the dead and wound
ed ,¦ around § him-^a courier, impatiently
waiting to take. the "copy", to the coast
was ; so r graphlcally / and tersely written
/that i a French : newspaper"/ considered : it
.worthy , of translatio'n;' and a well-known
] writer has ' incorporated it. in his history
the War. with Spain. • Mr. Low, Respite
¦his long-experience,;has 'not mastered the
art of^ dictation. .He" composes on ..; the
\typewriter as ', readily as he does with the
pen; but "when I dictate," to use his own
expression, "I lose, my nominative case
and I am never able to find, it g g?'ft"
At this season the country claims the
flowers ot the field. Frank French has
transferred many of the flowers into Out
ing's pages for August. How to eradicate
mosquitoes is occupying the active brains
of the scientists of the world. W. S. Har
wood's paper is interesting and hopeful
reading on the subject for anglers and
campers generally. All through the Mid
dle West are anglers many and skillful
and waters prolific of trout, muscallonge
and the great northern pike. "Where to go
for and how to catch them is told by
Emerson Hough. Yachting is in the air,
and the influence of the America's cup on
designing is a timely subject dealt with
b" an expert, "\V. J. Henderson. "The
Passing of Jerome Park," the famous
racetrack, is a theme to stir the memory,
and VV. S.iVosburgh tells of its rise and
glory and of the giants in" those days who
created the modern American turf. China
has afforded the writers of the year many
a theme, but seldom so pleasant a one as
T. Philip Terry's "Cycling in 1 Cathay."
He- makes the social side of Shanghai's
outdoor life sparkle -with an Oriental
glow.! ,"God made food and the devil made
the cooks," is a:proverb of the sea; but
"that old salt, Captain A. J. Kenealy, early
learned how to justify the cooks, and in
"Sea Cookery for Yachtsmen" he tells the
.method with helpful diagrams. On all the
rivers of our waterlaced land there is op-,
portunity unequaled in the world for sum
mering in houseboats. , .'Louise "Willis
Snead, '; a houseboater of experience, tells
how in Outing for August. ; ,
'The publishers of the World's Work,
Doubleday, Page.& Co., have undertaken
the task of making an -Exposition num
ber, which should stand for something
more than the exploitation of a popular
fain \ The Pan-A"merican number, which
is -now ready, carefully : and intelligently,
summarizes the progress made by Amer
ica since the World's Fair in 1893. ; Prac
tically the entire issue is devoted to this
subject, whichthe reader Js likely, to con
fess is worthy of an entire issue when he
studies the extraordinary advancements
made-during the last eight years and the
CHOIRS AND CHORAL MUSIC-By Arthur
Mees. Charles Scribner's Sons. New York.
1123. - v^.. ••*¦.".,.'./ :.-^
TE OPERA PAST AJSTD PRESENT— By
F. Apthorp. Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. Jl 25.
ACTING AND ACTORS; ELOCUTION AND
ELOCUTIOMISTS-^By Alfred Ayres. D. Ap
pleton & Co.. New York. Jl 23.
TABBY'S DEFENCE-By Harriet EUtot
The Abbey Press. New York. BO cents.'
BIRDS UNCAGED, AND OTHER POEM3—
By Burton L. Collins. The Abbey Press NrtT
York. $1 00.
WOODPILE RECOLLECTIONS-By Charles
Louis Olds. The Abbey Press, New York.
GREEN VALLEY-By T. P. Bufflnyton. Th9
Abbey. Press, New York. $1 CO
NEW ENGLAND FOLK-By Mrs. C. Rich
mond Duxbury. The Abbey Press. New York.
{1 00.
THE DEVIL'S DIARY-By I* M. Elshemus.
The Abbey Press. New York. U 00.
CAT TALES— By Elliot Walker. The Abbey
Press. New York. 50 cents
CUPID IN GRANDMA'S GARDEN-By Mrs.
David O. Paige. The Abbey Press. New York.
60 cents. *
HOW. TOMMY, 'WAS CURED OF CRYING—
By Gertrude Mitchell Waite. The Abbey Press,
New York. 50 eents. ,
THE STORY OK KING ALFRED— By Walter
Besant. D. Appleton & Co.. New .York. 35
cents.
THE BELEAGUERED FOREST— By Ella
W. Peattle. D. Appleton & Co.. New York
$1 50.
A DRONE AND A DREAMER-By Nelson
Lloyd. J. P". Taylor & Co.. New York. $1 50.
A WOMAN ALONE— By Mrs. W, K. Clifford.
D. Appl^ton & Co., New York. $1 CO.
Books Received.
"The -Science of Penology" jj Is the title
of a volume nearly ready from the press
of G. P. Putnam's Sons. It 5 is a" consid
eration of "The . Defense of , : Society
Against Crime," by. Henry M. Boies," M.
A.; author, of "Prisoners' and Paupers." \
h Mr.' Boies' has had , long . experience In
the administration of penal Maws, having
been for many , years a member : of the
Board of Public Charities and of the Com
mittee of Lunacy of the State of Pennsyl
vania. ; Study and observation of the en
tire range of criminal causes and effects
convinced him that the defense of society
against crime cannot be successfully con
ducted without a .complete: and definite
plan, :; organized upon' a consistent theory
and. system'' and that there is an urgent
necessity . for | the collection and arrange
ment of the various important discoveries
in penology into such a. special system of
science.'-. The> failure of j 6ur codes is due
partly to this X lack of . plan and system
and partly to the fallacious theory, on
which they have been formulated, j
Mr. Boies has' endeavored' to bring to-
De Laney believes that nature has en
dowed him with sufficient genius to enable
him to become famous as a writer. He
decides. to go to the West that he may ex
"tra^t material for the great.novel he is to
write,"*^nd that he. may allow the develop
ment ofN-his intellect to proceed . un
checked amid-'the free life of an unconven
tional society. ~~**i i •
> De Laney finds Itu the West even more
than he had sought. Th.e experiences with
which he meets there not'only add greatly
The leading character of the story. is
Bennington de Laney, a young man who
has been brought up in a very exclusive
set in New York and taught to consider
as hopelessly vulgar and as an impossible
acquaintance for himself any one who has
not his advantages of wealth and high de
gree.
Appleton's. Town and Country Library
contains as 'a recent issue a. very bright
story by Stewart Edward ,White, entitled
"The Claim/ Jumpers." It is the descrip
tion of certain adventures which befell a
New Yorker during a visit he made to
South DakqtaV . ' ' '., ', . . ¦ • -
The Claim : Jumpers.
Charles Major! s next book. 1 '.'The Bears
of Blue River," is -now announced by
Doubleday, Page & Co. for publication in
August. ".While it'is a departure from the
work of "When Knighthood Was in Flow
er," the popularity of the author will
doubtless be fully sustained by these ex
citing tales of Indiana in the early twen-.
ties. A.. B. Frost and Mrs. Mary, Baker-
Baker have made many illustrations from
the striking scenes with which the story
~abi unds. ' ¦ : ; ¦ .' . .
¦ A. C. McClurg & Co. announce that their
list for the early, autumn will include
twenty-fWe titles, embracing eleven books
of fiction, six „ juveniles, four works, in
belles-lettres, two gift books, one work In
sociology, and one collection of original
verse. Fourteen of these books will -be
illustrated. *. . '." 'Hi'' j. V'.
J. A. Mitchell, the editor of Life, is one
of the editors who not only knows a good
story but can- -write one. "Amos Judd,"
Mr. Mitchell's first long story, met with
immediate and \ unqualified success. Hit
charm is a simple one — that of perfect
naturalness— and his characters bear In
action and .speech the stamp, of modern
ness. They are/In every respect real peo
ple of to-day, .p'nd.- are; the --kind of real
people that we would like to meet. The
new' serial story, by Mr.' Mitchell which,
begins in the, August Scribner's is a
charming example of his work. It is en
titled "The Pines of Lory," and it is as
bright, vivacious and natural as anything
that he, has ever written. The plot is a
peculiar one and the situations unconven
tional. "None of the many readers of
"Amos Judd" need any assurance of the
pleasure in store for them in the new
story. "Amos Judd, :> by the way, Is to
be brought out during the fall in a new
edition by the Scribners, fully Illustrated
by. A. I. Keller. The edition will be uni
form with the dainty edition of Thomas
Nelson Page's "Old Gentlemen of the
Black Stock," illustrated by Christy, pub
lished last year. Mr. Keller's Illustrations
are to be enforced by the use of color in
the printing.
Bird-Lore for August continues the
helpful series' of papers on "Birds and
Seasons." in which the student is told just
what birds he may expect to find, what he
should study and what he should read
during the. month. *.
Literary Notes.
In ( that"' delightful book, "The Vicissi
tudes of a Bill Collector," Will Dunn says
that the well seasoned newspaper man
is the supreme artist when it comes to
sending a collector on his way. rejoicing,
yet unpaid. Harold. MacGrath • tells of: a
most annoying young man who called on
him with brazen regularity asking for
payment. This happened" years before
MacGrath ever thought of "The Puppet
Crown.". One hot day. the annoying young
man asked for a. VHttle on account," ;and
being told to' "Run away," became belli
cose. ". Whereupon MacGrath, exclaimed,
"Do you ever stop to realize that 'if it
weren't for men like myself, there would
be no bill collectors and that you would
be out of a job?" ,The ybung. man. saw
the futility of anger 'and left smiling.
appear the artist la said to have suc
ceeded . admirably In obtaining striking
likenesses. To do this Mr. Stephens has
had to combine the results of several
arduous searches for original paintings
or sketches of these characters and de
scriptions that have been graciously con
tributed by distant relatives now living. -
One illustration shows the last interview
between Alexander Hamilton and Aaron
Burr's close friend, Judge Van Ness, on
the eve of the duel. Another shows "Lit
tle Burr" carrying General Montgomery
off the field of battle In a snowstorm; an
other Burr in the dress of a Creek chief
addressing a council of Indiana: another
Theodosia with cutlass lri hand repelling
the invasion of pirates who are just com
ing over the side of the ship; another
Burr's reception by Napoleon: Theodosia,
discovered shot and floating in the water,
after having escaped from the pirate ship
under escort of Captain Thaddeus; Burr
in grief, kneeling before the picture of
Theodosia when he learns' of the destruc
tion of the ship which was bearing her
north to meet him; the duel between Burr
and Hamilton, the latter having just
fallen; Burr's strategic use of the candles
in proving a witness on the stand the real
murderer.
'The subject is of vast importance and
it is to; be hoped "that this volume, by
presenting a complete .plan to which all
details can -be adjusted, may help to
awaken a wider interest In the necessity
for a more rational treatment of the vio
lators of law/-
gether • the principal data, to arrange
them' in order and to state the generally
accepted conclusions of penologists.
possibilities of. illustration, which have"
been taken. advantage of by about 100 fine
pictures. The number, with the accom
panying announcements and -advertise
ments, fills f 240 pages'. .- . ' '
to his^stock of ideas, but even eradicate
some q'f. his most. cherished opinions. How
ever, the good he gains far outweighs the
annoyances to -which he. is? subjected, and
when the story ends, if De Laney has not
found the fame he sought he has discov
ered something even, more to his liking.
(Price $1.) / .•
Eventually there entefs^upon the scene
a mysterious character, whose' hypnotic
influence and Insinuating knowledge teir
rorize"3 the woman, and causes her to lure
her quondam lover to his death.
A chapter follows in which ,th£ detective
and newspaper men are pursuing evasive
clews. Finally, the woman ,is- arrested
with ber accomplice, but conviction hangs
upon the identification of a portion of the
victim's body. This cannot be made ow
ing to the mysterious way in which the
crime was committed. The mystery seems
impenetrable, but the unexpected happens.
A little child furnishes the key. Confes
sion is made. .The woman is sent to prison
for a long term. Her lover ends his life
in the electric chair. A strange malady
affects the woman's eyes, while a con
vict, which baffles the skill of the special
ists, until a noted "Western oculist, in the
interest of science, visits the prison. The
oculist turns out to be the medical stu
dent of .the beginning of the story, and
there is a dramatic climax of repentance
and forgiveness. (Published by G. W.
Dlllingham & Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
A little child, comes to bless their un
ion, but it does not bridge the chasm that
continues to' widen. A rupture is the cul
mination. The physician drops out of
view, but the wife plunges into the sea of
g-ay.ety. . Her fascination entangles a for
mer acquaintance who conducts "with her
a" fashionable | "bachelors' apartments."
She becomes madly; infatuated with her
paramour. ¦ ¦**-->..
"Thr,ee Men and a Woman," by R. H.
P. Miles, is a novel on life in New York.
In it is told the story of a young girl who
eloped with an Austrian medical student
to escape the monotony of rural life.
They go to America and start housekeep
ing in New York City. The young physi
cian grows in popularity in his profession,
but the woman grows apart from him In
her eagerness for social excitement.
Three Men and a Woman.
B. G. LATHROP.
Richard should really not be allowed to
fly into literary gardens too far from
home after this latest effort of his pen.
Some day some big collector of rareties
will come along with a net of extra size
and Richard wll! find himself pinned to
the wall as the biggest "Aurore de Pro
vence" of them all. (Published by Little,
Brown & Co., Boston. Price $1 50.)
"The fairy tale he had read to Adeline,
though in some respects symbolic only of
the experiences of his : spirit, was yet in
one respect so externally faithful to . his
own story that there is hardly need to tell
again how he had seen Meriel for the first
time."
• * • ->r
One point that I had almost overlooked: i
it; is really of such small. significance in
the" story. ~ I can \ heat the cry, "But why j
is the book called 'The Love Letters of/
the Kins*?"' "The Love Letters , of the '
King" is a bit cf Pagan's own writing, a
fiction that he evolves for the benefit of :
Adeline Wood. Jji j this little, story . he '
tells a.Hegorically ; of .his> o-»-n.-. love fpr
Meriel, or, as the author explains:
Here is the end. Pagan "Wasteneys goes
back to town and marries Adeline Wpod —
the nice girl who'likes bookbinding and
children. • <i ¦
'¦'- - " -¦ - ¦ • '-¦*.' • '• -•' ,.'..
Don't hold your ears and scream, for
he doesn't kill - himself— more's the pity!
Richard is of too kindly a" disposition for
that, as I wrote, in my first lines. He
merely takes the revolver and "from
Fheer glee of living and joy that be was
free emptied its six chambers, into the
sweet sky." ' •
Wasteneys. gives a house party and is
rery much impressed by the essay of a
aovelist, who <s one of the invited guests
io this mental feast. This'«ssay takes up
'he point that is bothering Wasteneys the
Siost and settles It by "you must either
till her — or forget her." '
• It looks like tragedy dire and dreadful
tor a time. Psgan^atls on a gypsy to
»Jce part in an incantation scene, "where
n he eecs Meriel as in a dream, gets a
jacket of th> medicine of forgetfulness
Pagan has a sad. lot, indeed, but some
jplritual balm comes to him through the
Mendship of .Adeline Wood, a real nice
roung woman, ,v.-ho binds books and likes
ibildren. ' 'Adeline loves Pagan, but, of
iourse, does 'not tell him so. The reader
cnows Adeline , loves him, for everybody
loves Pagan.'. Who . could fail to 'love
» hero who crawls to the ¦ high grass to
ay?
"An hour afterward Wasteneys lay face
lown on the grass. The great mother
jressed close to .him for comfort; she
looded his sad figure with sunlight; her
norning breezes pressed cool hands
igainst his brow; little birds came near
tnd peeped and sang; all the mighty
ttornlng begged to be his friend. But
{Vasteneys lay on unheeding, face down
n the grass, crying like a child."
Then he goes.txick to London and writes
yoetry on •The Saa Heart of Pagan Was
leneys." .
As a boy he "had known that mystic
•apport with nature in rare complete
jess." and, of course, this naturally
tiakes it that much harder for him. He
inds himself becoming estranged. . So
inally he deserts the town for the coun
y-y and has a l.eart-to-heart with nature.
The soul agony of poor pensive Pagan
s something intense ac-ccording to Rich
ird. -¦ '
This does not appeal to Pagan. He
Irishes to marry the lady according to
rcod old orthodox fashion, but she says
lim nay.
Pagan has gone wrong all on account of
tleriel. Meriel is an ethereal creature he
aieets, who is gathering mushrooms on
ais lands. It is a case cf eoul-Iove be
:ween the twp at fiTst sight. Meriel is
i young woman of strangely spirituelle
type who is fond of mother, likes mush
rooms, and dotes on Pagan — that is has
i longing to s,ee her soul-iove Pagan once
inly in many, many long months.
Realizing his own badness. Pagan be
•omes blase, but" even then is sad for a
'crowd of little women, without a thought
sf harm, were eating up his soul as tney
n-ould nibble chocolate." A pretty figure
it the mouse order.
AH this is intended to give a dash o"
iolor and hold the attention of the reader
rho is impressed that Pagan is a bold
aad man and later finds "tnat he is bold
tnd bad because he is in love with a hope
iess love. The ""kind" reader Renders
sympathy.
i-agan Wasteneys and Daffodil Mendoza
•ide home together in a hack. Pagan "is
ie hero. Daffodil is one of the butter
lies of the afternoon tea. They have
lever met before. They try violent love
© the theme, "Let us make life wonderful
tor each other!"
The opening chapter, entitled "In a
.Fwo-wheeled Hea%fen," is torrid enough
n dialogue almost to put Amelia Rives'
>est days to the blush.
In contemplating ' with wonder the
•thereal-ambrosia-cf-flov.-er-dew that goes
a make up the 2»1 pages of Le Gallienne's
teraphic scribbling, the picture of Richard
it work rises apparitionlike in sympa
thetic pose. "The Love Letters of the
S-ingr" could only have been composed by
me of tne llowing lock clan, writing by
iie light of slow worms, seated on h
:loud of incense, shod in home embroid
;red slippers of fair devotees and clad in_
lolden wings and tne soft glow of a large"
rellow halo of class A, number L 1 hope
I do not wrong the gentleman. This may,
ifter all, be merely a fevered vision iu
luced by a forced reading of the boo«c.
If Mr. Le Galiienne had wasted only his
sv.n time there mi?bt have^-been no cause
'or complaint: but think of his publisher's
lime: then think of the compositors' time,
«nd lrst. think of the "gentle" reader's
time— for Mr. Le Galiienne is not content
tvith allowing' his manuscript to bask in
:be mellow glow cf his own literary sanc
tum, but must needs bring it forth into
lhe glare of worldly light through the
nedium of the volume duly printed and
>ouad.
The publishers and compositors, it is to
»e hoped, received sufficient pecuniary
«muneration to make ihcm feel that their
ime -was not wholly wasted. It is on the
tforesaid "gentle" reader that the blow
'alls heaviest. Yet even he may heed a
earning and learn from the experience
if the reviewer, who'is paid, to "waste"
lis time even on such precious gems as
his v.hich has grown" from the pen of
Richard.
Mr. Le Galiienne calls his book "The
Z-ove Letters of the King", for two prime
•easons. First, because "love letters';
lave been the vogue and the advertise-,
aaent Is good; and second, because these:
"love letters"' mentioned in the title have;
tbout a.s little to do with the book as;
inything else. • Two 'cauital reasons.
FOR a man who is evidently en
dowed with a # certain amount of
literary ability and a kindly dispo
sition it is strange that= Richard
Ij& Gallienne should have wasted time on
:hat esthetic daub he is pleased to call
'The Love Letters of the King; or. The
Life Romantic."
... Come in Thy kingdom. God, and now pro
claim
The age of peace to last forevermore.
In every land, from distant shore to shore,
' Through all | the earth Thy blessed will b«
done, . ' ' . •' ¦¦-
. As where, in ' heaven, before Thy shining
; throne, - . . , "
The saints and seraphs' ceaselessly adore.
Give us, O God, each day our dally bread;
Forgive' us now, as others we forgive;
Guide our weak feet that they may never
. ' > tread ." . -....')
Temptation's paths, 'and teach us how to
live, , . : •
That, by Thy power, we from the tomb shall
, . rise ' /. '¦ '¦ •/¦'• ;. ;
And share Thy glorlou^ kingdom in the skies.
The California Redwoods^
Ere over Nllus' waking Irave the strain .
Of '-Memnop's morning: melody was blown:
Ere Cheops from his quarries clove the stone
And piled his pyramid on .Egypt's plain;
And later— ere the God-projected fane
Of Solomon had into grandeur* grown:
Before the glory of the Greek was known.
Or Romulus the' she-wolf'B dugs did drain;
We stood in youth where now. in age we. stand,
Colossal types of Life, , that closer climb..
To clasp the stars, than, any living thing.
Ye cherish -crumbling temples '.that .were
planned " ¦ . '*'• . .
In' Dlan's day," yet deem it' not- a crime
Our older glory In the dust to fling.
The Loom. i
A wearied weaver'at- the'- loom; I gaze « . ,
On' that which -I have woven till mine eyes.
Grow dim to see the fabric it displays; " •¦¦,'¦¦
The. warp of all my work seems woofed with
sighs. . ¦'. .--. ¦ . ; : - ¦..' ' ¦¦/. ; -..^ ; "
' No more for me ; Life's shuttle swiftly, flies, ]
But falters feebly? through the fibred main |
As thread on tfcread it slowly multiplies,:-'.
Weavlns, alas', a.-' weft* of dreary days. - \* j
For in woven meshes there ¦ appears &{¦ ¦
*.:-'¦' ."¦".¦ . . V ' : - ., : ¦"•'¦¦¦•.¦¦ *A»- . " :
j The sombre shade of sorrow. Do I weave
But ' sackcloth for my soul ? And am I now
But one who gloats upon the garb he wears,—
Who in the shadow sits apart to grieve.
The ashes of his life upon his brow?
The Dead Calypso.
Where be thy witcheries now, woman of won
'.. derfulj beauty.
Priestess of profligate love, passionless, pallid
- and still? . .
Sweet was the soul-searing cult taught by thy
liberal ' kisses,
Sweeter the chalice of love formed by thy sen
suous mouth.
Ripe as the rapturing grape, rich as the rose
in its redness,
But unto them that did drink fatal as waters
of death. .
Left unto thee are the dregs, bitter and bit
ing as wormwood.
Freezing the blood in thy veins, leaving thee
¦ f rigid and cold.
Strange that those lewd lava lips, once so al
• luring arid mocking,
Wear such an innocent smile, chaste as a
maiden's In sleep!
Nay, but they wither and change, livid they
seem unto blueness.
Shrunk, in their soft silken skin, as when the
.. -.tropical sun,
.Drinking the life of the grape, leaves it aban
doned and shriveled,
, Gibbeted on its own. vine,' swinging like felon
forgot. .
Almost again do I hear thy voice and Its pas
.. : . sionate pleading, -.
Soft as the musical moan of waves in a mur
, muring shell,
Luring and leading- . me on ti a haven that
!,."- : 8hone.llke a heaven,
with a promise of peace, fair as a
, '_ ¦ ¦• rhap3odist's dream,
Misted with halos.of gold, yet but a vanish-
Ing splendor -- .
Miraged in exquisite grace over a desert of
-. ;-. deaths ¦'[ ¦¦' V ' .- ;
iiilllliliSllli ¦ ¦ ROBKtsoM
and : then makes up his mind for great
things. '¦':'.:
lie gets a line from Merlel, J'Come to
'me. I am lonely/' ., -.•:„..'
"Yes. Is, will come," he eaid, almost
fiercely: "be sure I will come."
' - Here seems the opening up of a vista of
delightful blood-spilling. . ,.- . V
• -.. '¦¦¦;¦ ¦ ¦ * • _• t -- ' r . ,
Pagan arms himself with a "little- re
volver." and with the creed^ of "kill or
forget" full in bis soul starts out to meet
his lonely pne'ior the last time. . "./
In "a little cafe overlooking the sea"
he meets tvyo iCnglishmen who are out- for
an entomological 1 , trip, and Pagan at once
decide^ that before getting down to the'
tragedy in hand it would be nice to catjeh
a few butterflVs. He 'borrows a net and
turns to chasing: these fleeting glimpses of
) sunshine. . , -
How deliciously esthetic! Out for miir
der and stop to catch "Aurore de Pro
vence."
VSo it was settled, and with the mor
row's morn behold Wasteneys afoot, with
butterfly net and 'knapsack — singing —
singing!" -• .
.He catches no butterflies, but* he goes
swimming instead. Then It is- that the
miraculous happens. Here is.the evolu
tion: .
"Why! you are happy! Happy'.".. cries his
soul. The Enthroned Superstition frov.'nPd: ;
"Tou are not happy', you cannot- be happy
away from me."
"You are happy — can you deny it?" reiterated
hi?; sot*!.
A breath of hawthorn blew so sweetly across
f rem the river bank that it may be held to
have intoxicated him into making his amazing
reply:
"Xo: I cannot der.y it." he said, suddenly
sitting up in the water. "I cannot deny it. I
will net deny it. I sm happy— quite happy.
Oh. what a fool I have been'."
And then he gave a great laugh of pure joy.
and then another laugh of victory.
"It ivas all a disease," he said;
"this rivtr has washed me whole. It was all a
wiiiful fp.ncr. I tee It now."
Once more he lay in the rushing water — for
that moment a being in entire harmeny with
thf r.r.ture of which he was a Dart.
"How df.re a man be unhappy." he said to
himself, "while this sun shines, wnd this river
flows, and all these green leaves are his
friends?
"Oh. good, gocd, pood world!" he shouted to
the,Ei.'n and the river: and then', spying' his
knapsack on the river side, he ran laughing
up the bank and took from it— that absurd
revolver! . -¦
is overlooked that contributes to an all
round, intelligent conception of South
America. '
I'.i'The authors of the book have realised
that we -cannot understand the present
¦fi.d conjecture as to the future of these
countries without knowing their past and
they have wisely given a chapter to the
history of each country. This informa
tion, is nowhere else available in so con
clae and convenient form. '
The chapters on each country have been
read by consular and diplomatic* repre
sentatives of these governments in the
tTnited- States and their-.knowledge and
criticism have contributed appreciably to
the authoritative value of the book.
• The illustrations, which number some
thing over 100, have evidently been select
ed with great care. They" are fully rep
lesentative of industries and scenery, r of
city and country,, of backwardness' and
progress*, from" one end of the continent
Jo the Qther.
"The South American Republics'* is in
tended primarily as a supplementary
reader for schools and as- such its value
is readily apparent frcm the nature of the
subject and the attractiveness of its pre
sentation. It should prove popular with
the pupils and a- valued assistant, to the
teacher who would make. the lessons most
interesting and most educative. It is a
volume full of' facts and information,
told in a. way that arouses and holds the
interest^a comprehensive," reliable, .up-to
date and readable record of the ten. re
publics of South America. (Published by
Silver, Burdett &"Co., New York. Price 60
cents.) • . ' > .
The Three Hundredth Number.
'The three hundredth number of Apple
tons* Town and Country', Library. "The
Seal of Silence." by A. R. Conder. appears
with a handsome cover in colors, although
the familiar red-brown color is preserved
above and below the pictorial panel. The
tncentennial issue directs attention again
to the. fact that no similar American li
brary of fiction has had the length of life
and the success which have, characterized
Appletons' Town and Country Library.
Through this library writers ..like Hall
Caine, Edna Lyall. Maxwell Gray. Ellen
Thorneycroft "Fowler. S. • Leyett-Yeats.
Molly. Elliot Seawell. Egerton Castle.
Juan Valera, Beatrice Whitby, E. F. Ben
son. Gilbert Parker. M. Jokai. M. Hamil
ton, Ada Cambridge- Guy Boothby,' J. A.
Altsheler, Allen Rairfe, Bernard Capes. T
Gallon and C. C. were intro
duced to American readers; and Clark
Russell^ Grant Allen. \V.'. E. Norris,
Thomas A. Janvier, Justin McCarthy, Lu
cas Malet, Richard Malcolm Johnston,
Victor Cherbuliez, Mrs. F. A. 'Steel,
George Gissing and F. ' F. . Moore are
among others who have been well repre
sented in a series which has. been pro
nounced the best library of fiction ever
undertaken in America, and the most suc
cessful- series as regards the . discovery
and development of new authors whq
have later risen to exceptional promi
nc-r.-ce. ' ' .- . ; . ¦ ¦ - : ..-• -. .';¦. ' : :
An Aerial Runaway.
•A good story of the Jujes Verne order Is
always la.', welcome boo"«- to-^all- lovers oC
the : startling arid adventurous."' . Such ia
story is "An Aerial Runaway," by .tne
Messrs. Chipman, father and who
have here: collaborated' with marked suc
cess. The .story is for' young people,; but,
like all books of this character,. may be
read with interest by their- elders.- Two
boys, through interesting, experience's, 1
become . acquainted with a professional
aeronaut, and while taking an ascent Jn
his captive balloon are cut away from
their moorings and forced -into a flight
through the air. Their involuntary voy
age lands them at last on a mountain top
in South America, where they drop Into
the lost city of the Incas, and the nine
teenth century faces the sixteenth. They
have many strange experiences and re
markable adventures. . and finally escape
by v ingenious and dangerous' methods. It
is a story crowded with' incident and ad
venture. Information ingeniously mingles
with the adventures, t but never pointedly,
and the book is one especially .dear to the
boyish heart— and the girlish, too— for
love of exciting stories is confined to
neither sex. ' (Published by the Lothrop
Publishing Co'mpany, Boston. Price $1 50.)
Where is the word that could waken thee now,
. O voluptuous sleeper. * .- . ~ ;•> ; » j
Or the gold that could bribe thee to break thy
last lover's lethal embrace?- ¦-•;-¦. • -• . •
But when youth's' passionate pulse pleads with
¦ its eager insistence. .'*^\
When the white waiting snows of the heart
melt with the breath of the spring.
"When the clamoring currents of Ufa leap with
Ineffable joyance,
Whero is the hand that can point to the chan
nels through which tney shall run— '
Whether - through vistas of peace, till lost in
love's infinite ocean, . - '
Or on through dark intricate ways to mix with
•- the silt of the sewer?
Dead is the Tight in thine eyes, yet recollection
beholds them
Mirrored like s*rs of the night In the face of
a flood that is calm.
Then losing themselves In the deep, when the
breath of the gathering tempest ' ¦
Lashes the slumbering wave till.lt leaps to tha
lowering skies.
Thus when thy senses were drowned In thy
passion's exuberant triumph..
Leaving the lures of thy lips have I looked on
thy wondering eye^
Swooning away into" white, as when the rays
of the morning > •
Chase the black shadows of night back to their
caverns of gloom.
Oft have I seen them revolve, slowly and
dreamily turning ..
Into thy love-laden brain, there passion's secret
to find;
' Leaving their opaline orbs blind in the trance
that enthralled them.
Till the long kiss that I grave coaxed the lost
irises back, . , -
Now, under curtains of wax, lusterlesa cres
cents of whiteness,
Cold as the frost on the pane, . hint of thosa
rapturous hours.
Where is their luminous gleam, which, like the
treacherous beacons
Lighted' by wreckers to lure- the mariner on
to his doom.
O'er life's unplloted sea shone with a bale and
a beauty,
Till . the poor credulous bark dashed on. tha
; rock of thy heart?
Season of spring, when the blood Quickened to
life in the pulses,
And, murmuring, sighed with delight and
. . laughed at the prospect tsf death!
Summer that seethed in the veins, with it«
. grapes growing richer and redder.
Till la a wine-press of sorrow the dregs of tha
vintage were found I
When all thy sepulchred past, on the rack of
an exquisite passion.
Gave up. its secrets of old in thy voiceless but
. voluble vows;
Then to thy lust-leavened, lips rose the lees of
a ¦ thousand caresses
That artifice could not disguise, nor fraud Into
fealty frame.
Swiftly the meshes of silk were spun Into steel,
but I lingered,
Fondling the fetters I feared, yet fearing: ta
fling them away.
Lost to the lips I had loved, yet with th«
thirst of a drunkard
Draining the draught that enslaved, e'en while
the spirit recoiled.
Day after day. as the scales - fell from mine
eyes, I beheld thee.
Garbed in the glamour of lust,' rise from tha
ashes of love;
Xight after night, though thy beauty oft baf
fled my fears and beguiled me.
Soon every sigh seemed to breathe naught but
a sibilant hiss.
Or but the laugh of a fiend that rang in mine
ears till I left thee.
To come at the last and to lay the lips that
forgive on thy brow.
Long, long ago. in the past, did the daughters
— ¦ of earth, with their beauty.
Lure from the heavens above the white-pin
ioned Children of God;
¦Why should I wonder that thou, O fairest and
frailest of women.
Didst with thy sorceries bind the souls and the
bodies of men? . '.Si.
Where are thy worshipers now, they -who did
pant to embrace thee?
Where is the homage they poured once In
those death-deafened ears? . «. ¦
In this, book Mr. Robertson has made a
lasting. and Reserving name for 'himself.
<"The. \Deadf Calypso . and Other- Poems"
is. published* by -AS? M.- Robertson, San
Francisco; i!Price,jf $1 50.) v - • . ' ' .
feie ; < Load's Prayer.
Otir Heav«ilj< Father.,- unto Thee vwe pour . '
Our fronstanit prayers," and bless Thy hallowed
I : . Name! ? .. •,.-=» '¦:'•¦
,,'.¦:'¦!;/ ¦ j ¦ : .T" :- . -
.The volume just publish»i is called "The
Dead Calypso," after the principal work
of the book. "The Dead Calypso" is
given below and well' shows the grenius of
its author.' In the. sonnet Mr.; Robertson
is at his' very best. Three of them are
herewith;. given. • "The Lord's Prayer" is
most . remarkable and beautiful in its ex
pression. '¦ : : . .;"..' : • . . . '"-i
His. first 'writings appeared In the .Wave
eight or nine years ago and he has fre
quently contributed to' the other,, local
weeklies and dailies. His first poem to
attract public notice was ""Evolution*,''
•which he read at the Academy of Sciences
in 18S5. j This, has been incorporated, in
the present volume. Much of his work
has been copied in leading publications of
both England and America and has been
favorably "commented nnon by men of let
ters of the Enslish-spea'cing /world.
; One cannot. fail to notice the sad strain
running- through all of Mr. Robertson's
writings. .: His verses, you say "at once,
are those of a man* who has. seen much
and suffered much. Unfortunately there
is." a direct reason, f or this— about twelve
years ago his health began to give way
before loeomotor ataxia, anfl since then
he -has not' engaged in any regular* busi
ness, but has. devoted^ himself to litera
ture." .* . ¦• \ : : . ; - v : ..:¦-'.
home ever "since.
Mr., -Robertson, after leaving school.
went to London to engage in the occupa
tion of hi<* forbears:^ Later, in . 18S2. he
came to this coast. and established him
self.in Portland, Or., -where he remained
for three:- years and, then came to San
Francisco.'; Sari Francisco has been his
Louis Alexander Robertson was born in
St. •John, New Brunswick, Canada, in
1S5& He wag educated at the St. -John
Grammar School arid at the . Sheffield
Academy; in ]¦ his native province. His
relatives; ¦were -well-known Canadian ship
owners, with branch offices in London and
Liverpool. ,.'.'¦. .'
¦\ ',' :'"-' ' By- Western Shores. . .
Here vine-crowned Bacchus doth repope,
And r.ymRhs and .¦ satyrs, like to thosa '
. Of Tempe, f remvthe . copses peep:
. "Why , /or the rablert Lotus weep. ¦ . . . ¦ / '
When *neath the Poppy we may doze,
, . By Western Shores ? ¦ , ¦¦¦
A.hprrturon. the. hillside lows. / '-.';, !_
And : . where yon stream in music flows,
1 There Pan is piping to his cheep. ' ¦- I '¦
We of this State can justly take pride
that Mr. Robertson is of California. ; His
appreciation of the "West is manifest in
\the?e : inspiring lines that follow the In
scription of his book to his friend. Sands
W. Forman:
By Wes'tPrn .Shores oft Triton blows :
His soundlnrr 'shell : and she who rrs-> ¦' , :
..AH wet and , wanton from the deeD.
To wake man's pulse with pcsslon leap, •
Here on the wave In- beauty Klows.
r.In expression and. form, whether the
sonnet, rondeau, ballade or lbngej.' poem,
Mr.* 1 Robertson's verses are in themselves
perfect; yet this mechanical/excellence, if
we | may so express it, attracts no' atten
tion to itself. The lines read so smoothly
and the. thbyghts are so beautifully ex
pressed that it is the intent of the poetry
and not its form that makes- the lasting
imnre&sion or; the reader's mind.
I.T is one thing to be a master of po
etical form, but quite another to . be
•a poet. Louis Alexander Robertson. is
- both. His verses, show the hand -of a =
man of great.literary attainments; a man
whose; mentality Has been cultivated to
the highest pitch and yet whose. soul is.
'and ever hasi been, the soul of a born,
poet.'. : ) . ;- ,. ;¦ ;, ;¦¦ ¦ - " ,
CALIFORNIA POET WHOSE VERSES
RING WITH TRUE INSPIRATION
THE SUNDAY CALL,
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
4
The Books Reviewed
on.Vfhis page
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERISON^S,
126 POST STREET,
- ,. , SAN FRAS CISCO.
-Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.
A.:M; ROBERTSON.THE -BUNDAX ,GALL.
pest; the curiosity shop, has gotten out.
As in all things else, they don't like to
have the public watch them. And then,
too, the wind out there' makes it difficult
to get about easily.
The southern players nearly all learned
to play in the old country* C. E. Orr,
John Lawson, B. D..Adamson and C. E.
Maud all knew the game as it is played
in Scotland and England before they
were interested in America at all. Each
and every one of them is right at the top
notch. Lawson in particular is a wonder.
He raises his club with a good, strong
swing and the ball flies anywhere from
220 to 250 yards. He practically doubles
the distance that can be made in any oth
er game. One hundred and fifty yards is
considered a great distance in cricket, but
no sport has yet reached the distance
that yclf has.
The best American-born players are
Worthington Ames. E. R. Folger, R. M.
Fitzgerald. W. J. Johnson, C. P. Hubbard,
H. B Goodwin and J. W. Byrne. Folger
plays a remarkably steady and often a
brilliant game. The best one he ever put
up was when he defeated Champion Law
son. ' •
Everybody has been practicing like mad
for the past three or iour moiith3. The
ladies' trophy is the Poniatowski cup. The
first time it was won by Mrs. George
Doubleday and the second time by Caro
Crockett. But, unfortunately, the rules
demand that it should be won twice be
fore it becomes the personal property of
the winner Caro Crockett has been prac
ticing on the Burlingame links to make
sure of it. But there have been ever so
many others .doing the same thing, not
only there, but at Del Monte also.
The meet this year is supposed to be the
largest, the best and the most interesting
one ever held on this coast. The presence
of tho\ crack Scotchmen ha3 put every
American en his mettle, and he intends to
do or die. . • ' ' / ¦
Besides golf there -will be a fast and fu
rious steeplechase. And polo will lake a
first place. Walter Hobart and Joe Tobin
have been tearing up the turf about those
parts lately, and trainers have been
speeding blooded horses. for tests.
Altogether Del Monte will be the scene
of many festivities. Society has packed
up its dozen trunks and sped away to the
place of action. They believe in the home
ly old saying, "The early bird catches the
worm," and -they all want to be in the
scramble for it. -v • ' "
S~>f OCIETT is to have a gala fortnight.
\^X Sh€ M ' m don her best bib and
f) tucker and cally forth to Blingum
k_y and then to Del Monte in quest of
A pleasure. That is what she is ever
seeking, and this time it is to be found in
the golf and polo tournaments, in the
steeplechase and the races.
For "swell society, high society, real so
ciety," has gone In head over heels for
outdoor sports. It is her pet hobby and
she intends to prove how well she has rid
den it.
The champions of the south are to com
pete with the bay cities* low scorers. It
is to be a battle royal, and the enthusi
asts are hobnobbing and betting over tea
cups and talking and dreaming of noth
ing else — unless it is what they are going
to wear. Of course that is an important
question everywhere, but it is the vital
one at Del Monte, particularly when the
place is crowded to overflowing with
swelldom's best representatives.-
In golf the two B's— Bowers and Brown
— stand the highest- And they both put
up a rattling good game. Mrs. R. Gilman
Brown is a member of the San Rafael
Club and plays morning, noon and night.
It is a regular craze with her. While she
Is not a very powerful player, she is re
markably steady and accurate. Her
*'pick-up" is clean and she rarely "tops"
a ball. She is like the men who drive
epikes with a sledgehammer — never
misses and never varies the sixteenth of
en inch.
On the other side Mrs. J. W. Bowers of
Southern California has a long and pow
erful drive and can reach the "green" be
fore one has time to realize that she has
fairly started. Both are champions in
their part of the country, and it remains
to be seen who will be the champion cf
the Pacific Coast
' The Presidio golfers will give the Pasa
dena and Los Angeles people a good rub.
Miss Alice Hager has come to the front
wonderfully the past year. By the way,
all good players say it takes fully three
years to set up a good, steady game, and
that it takes constant, almost daily prac
tice.
So any one can see that golf is not a
poor man's pastime. It takes too much
time and too much money. It is not un
common to lose six or seven balls, which
cost half a dollar apiece, and it is more
than common to break a club, which costs
In the neighborhood of three dollars.
Then the necessary caddy earns a
dollar and a ouarter or a dollar and a
half a day, to say nothing of the Scotch
and sod', which is a distinct part "of the
game. If there are eighteen holes to
cover It is a dry, long walk. So it is
nothing to spend ten dollars a day.^and
that does not include dues or fees. San
Francisco is behind other large cities when,
it comes to golfing, for she has no public
links, And ordinary folks are unable to
play on the private ones.
Most people imagine that more than
rolt is played ordinarily. That is not so
In this city, and the club is a nine days'
wonder to all the neighboring ones. No
one can say that the girls go to the links
for a quiet flirtation on the side. It is a
very rare thing that the men and women
play together. A man never plays golf
with his wife and very seldom with any
other man's, which may seem stranger.
The ladies are practically barred from
the links on Saturdays, Sundays and holi
days and the men have full sway. When
Jt chances that they meet there is no
loitering. Even at the clubhouse there is
no sociability. The girls have their pri
vate sitting room and they stay closely
at home. The men have their living room,
and while they probably would like to' see
more of the sir Is there seems to be a
"keep off the grass" sign suspended in
visibly in the air.
The Oakland Club has won for itself a
came exactly the opposite. They aie
called familiarly "the big family." <The
girls and boys sit on the porch, swing
tbeir feet and chat by the hour. They
have the swellest little luncheons and the
longest games and the best times that
ever happened. The clubhouse is nearly
always crowded and everybody knows
where to spend a quiet but thoroughly en
joyable afternoon.
And the same thing is virtually true of
the San Rafael links. While there are
not sc many in evidence, the old custom
of "eat. drink and be merry" is attended
to right heartily. The girls have an in
centive to wear flying skirts, red top
boots and soft hats that fall all over their
heads. They know that a swagger, golt
suit is wonderfully becoming and that it
is not wasted on the ocean air as are the
Presidio lassies*.
Whether their playing Is as good re
mains to be seen.
Mtes Maud Mullins has been learning
how to steer clear of the "bunkers," -and
she can teach old hands a thing or two.
When Alice Hoffman challenges her the
game is well worth going out to see. Min
nie Houghton, Kathryn Dillon, the two
Morgan girls. Caro Crockett, Florence
Ives. Mary Scott Martin and Ruth Mc
2Cutt are some of the girls who visit the
licks early in the morning before that
5
THE GOLF AND
POLO
TOURNAMENTVSITORS of the British Museum, in
specting the antiquities in the
Egyptian rooms, are much inter
ested in the array of cat mummies
in one of the wall cases. Wonder is often
expressed why cats and crocodiles should
have been embalmed and why the gods of
Egypt should have various' animal heads,
such as the lion, the jackal, the Ibis and
the hawk. It seems so incr<*1ibly stupid,
as well as so superstitious, considering
how advanced the Egyptians were in civ
ilization and culture. They could build
temples, erect massive obelisks and carry
out great engineering works. There are
sculptured figures in the museum which
date from 3500 B. C. There are manufac
tured articles and specimens of writing
probably a thousand years older than
that. The ancient people possessed an in
ecnious form of hieroglyphic " writing In
which a feather was the letter A and a
lion the letter L. But a feather was also
the emblem of truth and all the letters
had been emblems or symbols of things
and qualities. ".
Does It not occur to^us that perhaps the
animal heads were symb8lic also and l-th'e
cats and crocodiles were embalmed ¦ be
cause of their sacred significance? ¦ The
Egyptians were not fools and we must
not laugh at their, worship of the cat
without seeking to v understand it. • :
Trees, serpents and other things had a
place in the religious symbolism of the
Egyptians. The persea tree .seems to
mark the place of sun rising^on midsum'
mer day, and, curiously, there,. was "a
"g^eat cat" connected with this tree. In
the seventeenth chapter of 'the "Book of
the^ Dead";; the cat Is explained to be Ra
himself, the chief god. A serpent ' was
often carried in long mystical procession
and in some of the pictures a cat is rep
resented in the act of cutting off its head.
Along with the ass ; the cat is called a
MANY QUEER DEITIES WORSHIPED BY
THE PEOPLE OF OLDEN TIMES.
sayer- of great words In the.'Hall of the
Two Truths. ¦ .
These' instances are enough" .to ; show
that . the feat; had a place in the religious
symbolism ¦ of the Egyptians., The • lion,'
the serpent, the crocodile, the. bull and
other ' animals each had . its ; special sig
nificance. The bull was so important that
a sacred bull called the Apis, was { kept
at Memphis- and treated with great- re
spect: * But he was ; not ; allowed . to ' iive
more than twenty-five years, and the
most likely reason is. that he. represented
a lunar cycle of twenty-five years, which
must terminate punctually. jWhen he
was . taken ' through .'the: city in annual
procession: people would ask and tell; how
old he was, and heVwould thus be a
walking ; almanac.*' If j he did not die nat
urally he>as drowned at the age of 25,
because. the new cycle' had 'to begin/ and
a new, divine 'Apis must be ; found. But
he was honored by-being embalmed and
buried ; in, a • granite sarcophagus in the
neighborhood' of the ; pyramids. }] ,[¦
,'; The burial place of the sacred bulls was
cliscovered by Mariette in^ 1831, and every
visitor to" Egypt goes to see , these tombs.
Each of ; the : stone 'coffins had its .mem
orial Inscription! ' . For 'example : . /'In . the
twentieth year,- under the reign of King
Psametik I,,; the majesty : of i living
Apis "departed to heaven. This god ' was
carried in peace* (to his burial) to the
beautiful land^of , the blest." . ' -
¦ Now' there v was , a ; burial • placed for ' sa
cred cats, as well as sacred bulls, ahd^the
reason was no] doubt the"- same— namely,
that they, had' a place in the; symbolic
worship. A cemetery of cats existed near
Bubastis, which is the modern Tel-Basta,
not far from Zag-a-zig Junction, on the
railway. Buried in the . mound ' M. Na
ville. some ,. years ago found v the ruined
temple of Bast or Pasht, the cat goddess,
who gave her name to -the city.' The
foundation of Bubastis carries us back to
the beginning of ; the historical . times of
Egypt and,, is ; contemporary with „ the
pyramids, the oldest monuments. . ;
: Herodotus', says: ''The . temple' stands in
the middle of the city and is visible on all
sides as one; walks around it; for, as the
city; has been raised ; up by an embank
ment while the temple has been left un
touched in its original condition, you look
down upon : it .wherever, you*are.. A low
wall runs r around y the rinclosure,; .having
figures engraved upon it, and inside there
is a grove of. beautiful tall trees growing
around the shrine which contains the* Im
age, of the; goddess." And concerning the
goddess ; herself he says: "The
of the Egyptians is the same as the Ar-
temls of the Greeks." To this we may
add that the Artemis, of the Greeks is
generally said to be the same as the
Diana of the Romans, a goddess of light
representing the moon. ¦
Thus we see that Bast or Pasht was
connected with the cat on the one hand
and the moon on the other. So It Is quite
feasible that puss when she figures as a
symbol In the Egyptian worship repre
sents something in the domain of astron
omy and the calendar. , Ovid calls the cat
the sister of the moon, and says that
Pasht took the form of a cat to avoid
-Typhon. According to Plutarch a cat
placed in a lustrum denoted the moon It
is a ni S ht animal and its eyes glisten in"
the dark. Hyde Clarke remarks that
there are phenomena of periodicity In the
cat which are supposed to have given rise
to its relationship to the moon.- What I
think I have discovered, or at least made
clearer than it was before, is that the cat
was an intercalary month, added In the
one hundred and twentieth year to rectify
the calendar.— Gentleman's Magazlns.
the ; Klondike country. - At White Pass,
during the summer months of 1899, the
Hortons kept a, little restaurant, and
many a, worn and discouraged miner went
on his - way more encouraged and with a
lighter heart after, he had broken his fast
at the little eating house near the summit,
where Florence Horton, with her hand
some girlish face and winsome manners,
administered to his wants. In the fall of
1899 they returned to Skaguay and took up
their residence with Mr.', and Mrs. Ses
sions, whom they had known years be
fore. About the first of October Mrs. Hor-
ton being in delicate health, her husband
concluded to take an outing khd- spend a
few weeks . hunting .and fishings at the
head of Sullivan Island, .on. Lynn Canal.
He accordingly purchased a small; boat
and such necessary articles/ including a
tent, as would make camp life compara
tively comfortable. Mrs". Sessions had as
sisted, the girl wife in the preparation of
a humble vvardrobe suitable for an out
door life, and as near as can be ascertain
ed-they. > pitched th^ir camp on the main
land opposite the head of Sullivan Island,
about October 10. , Horton had two guns,
yards from the tent of the Hortons. These
Indians reported that they had gone up to
Horton's -camp, and made inquiries re
garding their missing friends; 'that there
was a jwhite.man and woman' there, and
that -when they asked; the man if he had
seen 'a. canoe .in that vicinity; he hung this
head- and. looked' scared and finally ad
mitted, that he had 'seen a canoe with an
Indian man and woman 'and little boy
passing : along the channel some hundred
yards-from the shore a . few days -^pre
vious., .. . ¦
finding of this piece of canoe near
said: '"You are the Raven's son," took
the knife from Hanson's hand and cut the
woman's throat, almost severing her head
from her body. I am satisfied that* this
statement of Williams was false. The
testimony developed beyond question that
it had been agreed that if any one should
evertell of this murder and it got to the
white people they would all combine and
swear that he alone was .the guilty and
meant, "Some one Is about to die."
As time went on the friends of the Hor
tons-began to wonder at their long stay.
which gradually became fear for their
safety. After some six weeks a search
was made a Ion? Lynn Canal, but no evi- .
dence was found that threw light on their
disappearance. By some it was thought
they had been drowned, others that they
had caught a passing steamer and gone to
"Commencing at a point in the parallel
of 54 degrees 40 minutes north latitude,
and between the 131st and 1323 degree of
west longitude (meridian of Greenwich),
the eaid line shall r.Bcend to the north
along the channel called Portland Channel
conveyancing is called a "Treaty of Ces-
Eion," whereby his Majesty the Emperor
conveyed to the United States of America
"all of Russia's rights, franchises and
privileges in the eaid territory or domin
ion and appurtenances thereto." The
territory conveyed is described as follows:
transaction had been between individuals,
would have been denominated a "quit
claim deed." - i>-.» '*'
The Emperor of all the Russias — so the
instrument reads— through his Privy
Councilor and Envoy Extraordinary, Ed
ward de Stoeckl, on the 30th day of
March, 1867, affixed his signature to a pa
per which in the parlance of diplomatic
The coast lines of Southeastern Alaska
are broken at intervals of from one hun
dred to five hundred miles apart with vil
lages and hamlets, whose inhabitants
dally look on mountains which no one of
them has ever scaled or explored nor has
the remotest idea of ever attempting to
do so. Even to those who have dwelt for
years along its waterways or have pros
pected the streams and .foothills for gold
Its great interior is a terra incognita.
The authentic history of Alaska has
never been written. We are as yet uncer
tain, as to its boundary lines. We paid
S7.200.000 for it and received as evidence
of our title an instrument which, if the
mountains and valleys, upon which the
foot of a human being has never tr6d and
over which eternal and everlasting silence
has held unchallenged sway since that
earliest morning of time when the choral
symphonies of the stars first rang out
through celestial space.
TO millions of readers Alaska, with
its 500,000 square miles of territory,
with a population of only eleven
human beings to a hundred square
miles, is a veritable land of mys
tery, unknown and unknowable.
Within this imperial domain are count
less thousands of acres, consisting of
Burt and Florence Horton were natives
of the little town of Eugene, In the State
of Oregon, and at the time of their death
had been marrled'less than one year. A
few weeks after their marriage they
migrated to Skaguay.' He was 27 years
of age, and a member of high standing of
the orders, of Elks and Knights of
Pythias. She was 19 years of age, and a
devout member of the Episcopal church.
From Skaguay they went to White Pass,
a camp at the head of the. terrible' trail
of that name, -over < which thousands
tolled, and many died, in the early rush to
As United States Attorney for the Dis
trict of Alaska it devolved upon me to
prosecute Jim Hanson— the "Kebeth" ol
the aforesaid story, and his companions in
crime, for the cruel murder of that un
fortunate young couple.
I recently read a story In the June num-'
ber of a well known publication, which
goes far to strengthen this theory, 1 and
which largely Influenced me to give to
the readers of The Sunday Call the true
history of what under the circumstances
and conditions -was the most remarkable
case in the criminal history of the North
ern Pacific Coast, namely the murderof
Florence and Burt Horton by Alaska In
dians in 1839, and their subsequent trial,
conviction and sentence. •
For the benefit of those who have read,
or- may read, the sto^ry referred to, I will
explain that it is; entitled ."The True
Story of Kebeth. the Aleut." •¦;' "'¦ ".'¦¦ .-^J
And this is mostly all we know of
Alaska. It is no wonder, then, that fer
tile and elastic imaginations, when their
owners attempt to write - anything
Alaskan, revel wildly and madly when
turned loose in these practically limitless
realms. /
as far as the point of the continent wher
it strikes the 56th degree of north lat;
tude; from the last mentioned point th
line of demarcation shall follow the sum
mit of the mountains situated parallel ti
the coast so far as the intersection of tht
141st degree of west longitude (of th«
same meridian), and finally from the. said
point of intersection the said meridian
line of the 141st degree in its prolongation
as far as the frozen ocean."
7. OR something over 'two years General Robert A. Friedricli
JL~^ was United States Attorney for Alaska, and during that
time convicted more criminals than all his predecessors-com
bined since the Territory came under the szcay of civil government
in 1884. The result of his labors is that life and property in Alaska
to-dav are said to be safer than in any State or Territory west of
the Mississippi River.
General Fricdrich writes this account of the Horton murder,
and as he was the prosecuting attorney at that trial he may justly
be considered as one in authority to knoiv zvhercof he spcaks-'and
not the man to be other than an impartial judge. In this respect
his story is witness for itself.
That murder of Horton and his young wife on an island in
the wild Alaskan waters is certainly one of the most fiendish and
remarkable in the history of crime. None the less interesting is the
character af Hanson. His evolution from a red-handed savage to a
God-fearing man is made consistent through the virile pen of Gen
eral Friedrich.
Thus far I have attempted to describe
what, up to the killing of Horton and his
¦wife and distribution of their effects, was
simply a savage murder and robbery, the
result of a conspiracy which had for its
Inception the belief that in some way
either those or some other white person or
persons were responsible for the loss of
the Indian canoe and it3 . occupants. It
was shown in ' evidence that as they
pushed off from Sullivan Island they all
gave vent to a weird cry, which as given
in court sounded like the angry growl of
a "wolf — "oo-ah-oo, oo-ah-oo." An old
white woman, who had been with the In
dians twenty years, testified that It
responsible party.
After the murder ihe Indians out the
two bodies in blankets, carried them down
near high water mark, dug a hols la ths
sand among the boulders, ' placed ths
bodies, therein, covered them over with
the tent, weighting it down with stones,
and over all they piled branches from
trees. Previous to doing this, they took
from the body of Horton a watch and
some $75 in money. One- hundred and
twenty dollars in. gold was • found on the,
body when afterward exhumed. From
Mrs. Horton they took several rings,
among others her' wedding ring. This
.property was divided among the Indians,
Hanson took the rifle and the money was
divided among the other Indians. The
watch and rings, including Mrs. Horton's
wedding ring, was found by the Deputy
Marshal in Kichtoo's cabin. The shotgun
had letters on it, which one of the In
dians, Mark Klanat, who could read and
speak English, decided to be the initials
of the man they had murdered and that
its retention would be dangerous, so It
was broken over a log and secreted with
the woman's clothing in a little tin trunk,
all of which were afterward found and
produced at the trial.
When they arrived In sight of the tent
the white man with a j gun in his hands
was I standing near the entrance and mo
tioned them to keep off. The woman was
not in sight. As undoubtedly had been
prearranged Mark Klanat spoke to the
white man for the purpose of attracting
his attention. The moment he looked to
ward him. Hanson, quick as a flash and
with unerring aim., shot him through the
heart and he fell without a moan. At thla
moment Mrs. Horton ran from the rear of
the tent screaming and calling to her hus
band, who lay some twenty feet away.
Kichtoo fired two shots at her, both tak
ing effect, one' through the face, the other
In the upper part of her body. She fell
.and as Kesh, the Indian boy, testified,
"squealed." -The Indians gathered around
her and Jim Williams, who claimed at the
trial that Hanson pointed his gun at him
and at the same time handing him a knife.
The story of the Indians materially
differs on minor points as to what oc
curred immediately upon coming upon the
wh!te people, but Jim Hanson's story,
which I believe to be true, was substan
tially, as follows:
leap ashore. As he did so he exclaimed:
"Kahk-won-tons, make "your hearts
strong I" He was followed by seven of the
Indians. Una-hootch, Martha Hanson and
Goos remained with th(* canoe.
• When the canoe grounded Hanson, with
his Winchester in hand, was the first to
leader. Although young, he was a man of
magnificent physique and marvelous cour
age. He was known as a "bear fighter"
and had , killed with his knife (which I now
have) in hand to hand encounters, it was
claimed, over 100 of these formidable
animals. His hunting fields were along
the Chilkat River, its tributaries and the
interior of . that portion of the country
.bounded by the mountain range bordering
on Lynn Canal. •
a Winchester rifle anddouble barrel shot-.
gun.
About this time the Indian tribe known
as the Kahk-won-tons arid certain of the
Chilkats concluded to have a: sort of in
ter-tribal potlatch (which is Indian for a
general council), lasting sometimes a week
or ten days, with plenty to eat and all the
alcoholic drinkables; they, can possibly
procure. A brother of Jim Hanson, ac
companied by his wife, and a boy, nephew
of the woman and son of Una-hootch, one
of the Indians subsequently arrested," emA
barked in a canoe for the purpose of visit
ing "other Indians and soliciting supplies
for the great council-feast. These Indians
were never heard of again. 'Undoubtedly
their -.canoe- met with mishap and the oc
cupants were drowned. After waiting
some days an expedition consisting of Jim
Hanson 1 , whose Indian name is Qualth,
Kichtoo. Mark Klanat; Dave Klanat,
Juch Klane, Jim' Williams, John Kesh,
Qua-ni-ish, Una-hootch, Goos,; Day-kan
teen and Martha . Hanson, wife of Jim
Hanson, all relatives and -friends of the
missing Indians, after a -of the
tribe, outlitted a* war canoe and went in,
search of their lost relatives. The first
night they camped at Taku Glacier; the
second day out they landed on Sullivan
Island, oppo'slte the camp of the Hortons,
about thirty-five miles below Skaguay on
Lynn Canal, made a camp, cooked and ate
their dinner and then sent out certain of
their members to search' for traces of
their friends. They had agreed that if
anything was discovered a gun should be
fired, which would be the signal for a hur
' vied assembly at "the camp. : Some two
hours later two shots were heard and im
mediately afterward Kichtoo^ and Qua-ni
ish appeared at the "camp with a small
piece of the canoe in which their friends
had embarked. It was recognized by Una-
hootch, who claimed to have himself
painted . the canoe. This fragment was
found on the sands of the. mainland;
where it had drifted ashore,, as it after-,
ward turned out, some hundred and fifty"
the white man's camp and his inanne»
when being interrogated were proof posi-.
tive to the Indians that in some way these
white people were responsible for the Ios3
of the three missing people. They held' a
council and decided that the white man
and woman. must' die. Immediately they
embarked and paddled across the channel,
landing some quarter of a mile from Hor
ton's camp. Hanson undoubtedly wa3 the
THE '£ SUN DA T CALL.
6
ALASKA'S MOST REMARKABLE.'¦ derstand but could scarcely speak a. word
9f English. Occasionally he mad© a' trip
to Juneau or Skaguay, generally the lat
. ter, to sell his furs and purchase supplies.
.Sometimes he drank, but so far as I could
learn never, had trouble; but once with
white men. 'This was in a saloon at Skag
uay. but had no serious outcome. % 7.
From the hour of. the brutal murder of
the Hortons, in which he was the leader
and chief instigator, Hanson knew, no
peace. ' He said that by day and by, night
the forms of those young people were
ever before his eyes. The dying screams
of Florence . Horton were never stilled;
he heard them, on the trail and on the
water; in his dreams he heard her moan
ing, s, At a religious meeting held in the
Indian village near Skaguay during' the
winter, at which a . missionary Indian,
preached, Hanson became greatly excit
ed. He made a dramatic speech 1 in his
native language and told his hearers, that
his soul had been blasted and blackened
with murder; that he had killed aVwhtte
man and was .the leader Of a party who"
had killed a woman. He implored the
Christian Indians to pray for him, that
he, too, might become a Christian and be
forgiven for his awful'ciime.
At this time there were two earnest and
sincere men ( at Skaguay, laboring in a
humble but effective manner to stem the
tide of dissipation, gambling and many
other sinful practices and callings insep
erable, it seems, from frontier and min
ing towns. They were Adjutant McGill of
the Salvation Army and Rev. Mr. Paulsell.
It was their daily practice to assemble
with a few followers in front of the chief
hundred miles from Sitka.* He could un-
against all of , "the twelve,- which /con
stituted the party, for murder in the first
degree; . one for the ' murder of , Florence
Horton, the other for the murder of her
husband. ,. ' . T ¦]' . . -' . '
All but Hanson, employed counsel. He
was represented by Rev. Mr.' Paulsell; who
had once been "a- practicing- lawyer - of
ability., Indians were sentto every vil
lage in ~ : Southeastern : Alaska, to raise
money to ; pay lawyers to defend .the pris
oners. -Money, furs, costly blankets and*
curios of every possible nature were.con
tributed, amounting in all to about $2000. ;
"*cFor weeks Skaguay ; seemed almost like
an Indian* camp. All the friends and rela
tives, including wives,' mothers and "sis
ters of the accused, were there. The trial
of Hanson; was brief. The; Government
proved beyond ; question that he had killed
Burt Horton. None\df the Indians save
his. wife manifested the slightest interest
in his case; on. the contrary, they did all
in their power to place the entire respon
sibllity^dn him. When. it came to the de
fense Hanson took the stand, and looking
straight at the jury told the' whole story.
He said that he expected to die and was
ready; he wanted, to set an example- for
his people. . .
verdict, which meant death to Mil,"
was quickly returned. "When he was made
to understand its import he smiled.
As no human eye save that of the Indian
indicted witnessed that terrible tragedy I
was compelled to use those which Inves
tigation had shown to be the 'least culpa
ble as witnesses against the jothers, they
having volunteered to testify. For this
purpose I Jismjssed the indictment
against John Kesh, Kictitoo's son. Qua-
to bear Ahem away from th« Bight of their
friends forever began moving, a. mort
pathetic scene- was enacted. Their wivea
and other relatives were all-ther*. Th«
prisoners set up a -weird death chant, and
for the first tim© the women broke down
and gave way to uncontrollable grief.
.The action of Hanson undoubtedly wu
the means of bringing to punishment th«
perpetrators' of this brutal crime* In all
human probability it would never hava
been revealed" or known but for him.
There never was a moment that he enter
tained the slightest hope of immunity. la
my letter to the Attorney General recom
mending-a modification of his sentence,
among other things I said: "Without any
sort of question, Hanson at tho tlms ha
made this confession and guve th« names
of those Implicated with him had no other
hope or expectation than that he would b«
executed for his crime."
Again, Indians with their native stealth
iness and secretiveness are far mort
adept at covering the tracks of crimt,
especially murder, than the > whites. Un
less a crime is betrayed by their number,
as in this case, it can never be traced.
Therefore,' in addition to- bains influenced
by the disinterested conduct of Hanson
and his services to the Government In
bringing the crime to light I was movod
from a sense of public policy to recom
mend the interposition of executive clem
ency and that his sentence be commuted
from death to imprisonment for Ufa.
The Attorney General strongly recom
mended this course to the President, and
he has Justly and properly commuted hi»
sentence to life imprisonment at McNeils
Island.
What the aftermath will be no man can
say. There has been much murmurins
among the Indians. They say that six for
two is not fair. They killed two whlta
people, the white people took six Indians
—hence there are four to their credit.
Indians make no note of time. It may
be one. it may take ten years of our reck
oning of time, but this account will cer
tainly be balanced in accordance with tb.8
Indians*. *»-stem of keeping accounts.
very; dramatic, whicn was greatly inten
sified during the disposition of Hanson's
case. . He was dressed in a bright blue
Salvation Army uniform, with a large
metal badge pinned on his breast which
announced to the world that the wearer
was "a soldier , of. the of Jesus
Christ.'.'. When told to stand up he sprang
to his; feet alert, perfect In physical out
lines, 1 with a look of joyful expectancy on
his face. ;
: Hon. Melville ; C. Brown, Judge of the
United States - District Court, who pre
sided at these trials, asked Hanson the
usual question, after commenting on the
trial and verdict: '."Have you any reason
to offer why the sentence which the law
prescribes shall not be pronounced against
you?" At' this moment, murderer and
desperado as I knew him to have been, I
felt an admiration for him. which it would
be hard to describe. His physical courage
had often been put to the test, and had
never failed or been ''questioned, ' but his
moral courage was sublime. I had never
seen anything 1 approaching It. Judge
.Brown showed by his voice and manner
that he was greatly affected. Hanson evi
dently noticed this and sought to soothe
his agitated feelings. He replied:
"Brother, you must do your duty. I want
to die for my. crime that my people may
live, that they may see what religion can
do, even for one so wicked as I. Let them
see how" a Christian can die, and maybe
they will kill no more white people. May
,be the young men of my tribe will take
warning. Maybe they will not drink so
much, but will ' become soldiers in. God's
Army as I have, jl am ready to die. You
can take' my body and do as you like with
it, that is nothing,- but my soul belongs to
God; you can't hurt that."
\ As this was being interpreted Into Eng
lish, the only persons in the packed court
room who appeared unmoved were the In
dians; every white was visibly " affected,
and as Judge Brown concluded the sen
tence with the .words: "And may the God
you worship be with and sustain you in
the hour of trial," he broke down ut
terly.
At the wharf, when the ship whieii was
the Sound, while a few, who -knew the
treacherous nature of the Indians, their
ancient law of reprisal and that there was
always :-•... unbalanced account on their
tribal ledgers against the whites gener
ally for the loss of some Indiah, advanced
tiie theory that the Hortons* had been
murdered.
Meantime the snow .had fallen and cov
ered the location where their camp had
been to a depth of from nine to eleven
feet.
. Jim Hanson was a Sitka Indian. His
trite had dwelt there for over 500 years.
Their vil'age now stretches along the
teach near Sitka, the old capital of the
Territory, both under Russian and Ameri
can control. He remained there until he
was about 10 years of ag^. when he went
to some relatives among, the Chilkats,
who were also formerly from Sitka and
were known as Kahk-won-tons. There are
rcstes among thn Alaska Indians, and the
social l'nes are drawn even more relent
lessly than among their paleface breth-,
ren.. Hanson's family was- high on the so
cial ladder; hfs ancestors had been chiefs
for many generations; one of his tribe,
past ?0 :. ears of af e. has a grjat ha> mide
of finely woven bark, which wa3 their
battle, "tctcm" or flag, and to which they
all refer with great pride. They say that
the dark stains which are now visible
upon it were caused by the blood of Rus
sians, in which it was Foakcd at the time
of >the great massacre of the' Russian gar
rison, together with many women and
children, at Sitka, about the beginning of
the last century.
' So it was that Hanson's family prestige,
coupled v.ith his handsome and splendid
physique, his wonderful courage and his
gxeat success as a bear tighter, made him
naturally a leader of these primitive peo
ple. Old rr,en looked up to him, heeded his
advice and, as well as the young: men,
obeyed his commands without question-
Ing. From Haines' Mission, which Is at
the mouth of Chilkat River, it is only
about 150 miles around the -coast to.Sitka.
For an Indian to row this distance in his
canoe is considered among th?m child's
play. And thus it had come about that
quite a community of his Kahk-won-ton
relatives and friends were residing on the
Chilkat in' O.ctobcr. 189D. They hunted
and. fished in and along the. Chilkat Riv
er and through the great mountain
ranges, Hanson always leading.
I have seen it stated that he hunted
walrus and seal in a "baidarka" — a skin
canoe— "from, the Aleutian chain and the
Kadiak Archipelago to the far desola
tion of Point Barrow." He probably
never saw an Aleut in his life. Notwith
standing it is asserted in the story-pre
ferred to that he was a member of that
tribe it is extremely doubtful if he ever
euw a "baidarka." The "nearest Aleut
village— half-breed Russla'ns— Is more than
five, hundred miles to the north 'and west
ward of the place of his birth; Point Bar
row is more than thrae thousand miles
distant. It would be easier . to travel
around the world by modern means than
to reach the latter, especially during the
winter season.' Hanson was. never in .his
life up to the time of ( the murder three
ni-ish, Una-hootch, Goos. JJave " Klana),
andrMartha Hanson— "Quiee."
Jim Williams was next placed on tria'«
He was 20 years of age, . married and
looked the cutthroat he wasi HJs attor
neys made a desperate fight. The Indian
witnesses, even for the Government, did
all in- their, power to screen him and fix
the ¦ crime on Hanson. The testimony
showed that at the time he. cut Florence
Horton's . throat : she was moaning? and
moving her hands and feet. : Several In-,
dian witnesses for - tHe defense undoubt
edly committed, premecUtatedperjury. The
verdict in his *ase?.was for murder, in tho
second' degree,, a compromise verdict, a
degenerate , who unfortunately, had been
accepted as a juror standing out for ac
quittal. His trial lasted four days. After
it was over the remaining four capitu
lated, and through their attorney offered
to plead guilty In the second degree,
which K accepted.
The court. set an early Cay for sentence.
They were a]l married, and on the ap
pointed day the poor wives, with
numerous other relatives of both sexes.
paektd the courtroom.* As sentence aftsr
sentence was pronounced by the cqurt
and translated into \the Indian language
by the interpreter, not a sound or whisper
was,heard. ¦ These sentences, which tc
the Indians and their friends meant deat'i
in each instance, were accepted by pris
onejs, wives: and relatives with that wpn
derful stoicism which characterizes their
race in all lands. You would from this
naturally'conclude they were incapable c^
that poignancy of grief whjch would un
doubtedly . have -swayed Anglo-Saxons
under' similar ,, circumstances, but such
conclusion would do them injustice. The
explanation is in their sullen pride am!
ability to control their feelings, so far as
, external manifestations are. concerned,
under all and any circumstances. So tre
mendous a tens'on did they labor under
that two of the wqmen fa'nted as soon
as they left the courtroom, Hanson's wife
being* cf the number, while a third one.
heaitbtokcn. d'ed two days later.
* The sentences imposed were as fellows:
Mark. Klanat. 22 years; Juch Klane, 2)
years: Day-kan-teen, CO years; Kichtoo, a'J
years: Jim 50 years, and Jim
Hanso.n to be hanged at Sitka on the 2l3t
day 'of September, 1500.
The scene from beginning to end was
gambling and liquor saloons in Skaguay,
jing gospel hymns and exhort th« crowds
gathered about the entrance to pause in
their downward course. Hanson, who was
suffering from the torments of his guilty,
conscience, happened to pass while one of
these meetings was in progress; he
stopped, and as. soon as he could compre
hend its meaning became greatly im
pressed, not only with the service and r?s
object, but with the men who were con
ducting .it. After three or .four" days he
sought out Adjutant McGill and through
an interpreter told him th< horrible story
in its entirety." This "was about,' the 10th
of March, 1900. After consulting with Mr.
Paulsell the Salvation Army .leader ad
vised Hanson to go to the civil author
ities, tell them the' story, and .surrender
himself in custody.;/
Thishe did, with no other, thought than
that he was going to his death. To Dep
uty Marshal Tanner and Commissioner
Sehlbrede. -he told everything, giving the
names of his accomplices, and offered to
conduct the officers to the place of the
murder and locate the spot where the
bodies had been buried.,
Accordingly Mr. Tanner chartered a lit
tle steamer. The Alert, and accompanied
by- a posse consisting of a sergeant and
squad of United States soldiers and citi
zens of Slraguay, with Hanson a" a guide,
proceeded to the ill-fated camn. . and
though upon their arrival they found all
the low lying coast covored with snow to
a depth of some ten feet, "Hanson in a few
minutes located the e.xact spot. l%e placed
one marshal where- he claimed the tent
had stood, another where the husband f jll,
one where he had stpod when he kil'ed*
Horton; thus getting his bearings, he took
position himself over what he claimed was
the- grave cf the murdored whites, and
pointing downward with his finscr, -said:
"Dig." ' -/¦--.
They followed his directions and found
the bodies.' Whotlu-r by ace'dent or design
they had laid the body of the youn? wife
In sucli a position tljat h,cr he-xd reitetl
on the breast of her husband. On one of
her fingers was a poor little ring, rriade.by
her husband ¦ from a copper horseshoe
nail n' few ¦ days before their departure
from Sftaguay. He bent and iashicned.it
in the presence ' of ' the'r . friend ;,
Mr. and Mrs. Sessions, and plac
ing, it on her ¦finger said ;»layfu!ly. "So
long as you wear this, FJora, no harm
can come to you; it will bring you good
luck." Within less than a month she was
resting under a portion of their tent,
¦weighted down , by -atones, her lifeless
head resting on her husband'^ , liftlcss
The bodies were taken to Skagua.v,
where an Inquest was held by the proper
authorities. The residents were "greatl;
enraged and but for th<; presence of a
strong military force the law-abiding and
long suffering citizens of the "Gate City"
would in all ¦ 'probability have taken the
law into their own hands and meted out
swift and certain punishment to tire mur
derers. And let me say here, that on no
frontier on this continent since civilization
first began pushing; westward have any
people shown such forbearance, such con
fidence in the ultimate triumphant
of law in dealing with desperate criminals
as have the men who have come to Alaska
to, make ¦ their homes. Notably is this true
of the early histories 'of Skaguay and
Juneau. In and near both places dastard
ly murders and other crimes have' been
committed, crimes for. which the perpetra
tors would hqve in all probability bean
hanged' by a mob -in staid old M&ssachu
eetts had; they been committed ; In any
community of that State, but the people
here, while often exasperated almost to
the point of ; taking the law into their own
hands, , yet' have, uniformly given heed to
the older and cooler heads among them
and patiently awaitad. sometimes in
vain, for the law to mete out proper, and
deserving punishment;
, Soon after^the confession of Hanson all
the Indians were arrested. The Grand
Jury, which convened at Skaguay, In "June
f oil6v«ing/' returned two indictments
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
MURDER TRIALTHE very latest recruit to vaudeville
— one of those who has always said
ebe wouldn't, has always believed
she couldn't— is Louise ( Thorndyke
Bcucicault.
She is the •widow of Dion, and the
chances are good that Dion will turn in
his grave when he realizes that she has
stepped upon vaudeville boards. He lived
to see her well launched upon the legiti
mate; lived to see himself pointed out aa
the nuKband of the American woman who
looks like Bernhardl. And now vaude
ville has gftt her.
It 16 the money question, as usual]
She evidently has found that there ' is
not enough in looking Jike Bernhar.lt. For
the matter of that, she never saw any re
eemblancc herself. However, if the pub
lic did she was quite willing to trade on
the fancy.
It is said that the resemblance hag In
no wise diminished. She is still willowy,
end that was always the great bond be
tween the twu. Mrs. Boucicault Las the
LOUISE THORNDYKE
BOUCICAULT.
traditional Cleopatra curves— the serpent
graca that has ever been attributed to
that lady of the Nile.
Another likeness Is In the yellow mane
which Mrs. Boucicault wears in a frowze
very, like that of the French actress. Their
eyes, too, are similar in pale color and
quickly shifting expression.
The last time that Ban Francisco saw
her she was playing wiih the Miller,com
pany in its tir.st famous summer season
here. She made.no great name for her
self then by her acting, but she twined
through several weeks in the yellow sat
ins and turquoise velvets which she af
fects, to the delight of all eyes.
She comes to the Orpheum now with a
sketch by Augustus .Thihmas. It is called
"A Proper Impropriety"." Her support
consists of Herbert Pattee and Nellie
HILDA SPONG.
'-/-:> ' ' ¦ • . " '^:
ry* N Eastern beauty is* coming to the
/ coast to try her luck against XY\fi
I I California beauties who have only
V, I heard of her. New York says that
JL Hilda Sponsrfs more pretty
in fact, that she is' the real thing, but San
Francisco, you know, has always judged
for herself. . ¦ .-. f
Moreover, we have lots of beauties of
our own. _
What is still more, we are very well
satinfied with them.
California has always considered - that ¦
shs had beauties ' enough for home con-
Eumptioii and for considerable export be
sides. She doesn't .need to import. So
when anew Eastern beauty comes here
it, is. not to a particularly warm reception.
Slie has. to make her welcome for herself
after her arrival. - •¦¦¦'
Hilda" Spongy Is the leading woman of
Daniel Frohman's stock company and she
comes to us as.;' the heroine of "Lady
Huntworth's Experiment." She is play-,
ing, the part -. of Caroline -Ray ward, the
noblewoman; who poses, as a cook. Play
and player together: have made a success
of it this past season. ' " - ¦ :'-': .-
Nobody! could attribute the success, to
either, one or the other; they are, as al
ways, dependent one upon the other, and
the interdependence in this case hasywork
ed to a lucky end.
Miss Spong- has had a. varied * assort
ment of trainings. !¦ " ¦'¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦•. •¦.
She has played all kinds, of parts in
Australia, New Zealand and England. She
has been" comic and tragic and everything
In between, and her, playwrights ha\C
ranged from Shakespeare. to Pinero. She
is the most 5 amiable person, raising: no
objection to ¦ being either | Rostalind, Juliet
or Imogen", Parrott,' which she ; . was in the
original production of "Trelawney of the
Wells." V >';:v. /....¦ k ;•¦_¦ /
She objects to being called "one of Dan's
beauties." 'You never knew a, beauty, who
dldn't.want to impress you with the idea
Jhat'she waa all brain; just as the clever
women long to be deemed beauties.-. New
York has said j that Miss Spong is . plenty
of both. .. It is up to San. Francisco to in
dorse or veto as she will. v . , .-;., >i-< >
....:- :-. ¦¦£¦•: v. .: -i- ¦ ¦' '¦-¦'¦¦¦¦'.
IT is a wonder that Alexandra Dagmar
herself knows where she was born.
Her rationality has always been at
the mercy of her managers, who ar-
range to have her born wherever may
prove most profitable in the box ofiice.
Tears ago, when she was a very young
girl and was starting her career in Lon
don, she was billed as an American.
It happened in this way. She called
upon Lord George Sanger, who was run
ning the late Sanger'g Theater, West
minster Bridge road. Sanger at first
"turned her down;" then, as she . was
leaving the stage door, he thought an
other think and called her back.
"Can you play a part?" he asked her.
"Of course, I can," she replied. She
had been touring in "Peter Wilkins" and
afterward in a long repertoire of pieces
that ranged all the way from «"East
Lynne" to "Uncle Tom's Cabin." and as
ehe had been a Jack-of-all-trades in the
company she Celt justified in saying that
ehe could play a part.
"Will you play 'Richard III' for me?"
went on Mr. George.
"Just as soon play that as anything
else." Miss Dagmar replied.
"And 1 am to bill you as I please," he
stipulated.
"As you please goes." she acquiesced.
But when the bills made their appear
ance she looked at them aghast. There in
glaring type she read of herself:
"First appearance in England of th«
great American actress. Miss Grant
Washington."
It was the first time she had ever heard
of herself as an American or as Miss
Grant Washington. The. manager knew
•wherein money lay.
Later on she came to America and here
found herself announced as:
"The great Russian beauty, the favorite
actress of the Czar."
And the truth of the whole matter., is
that she was born in Denmark and that
Alexandra Dagmar is her real name, and
that she has no desire to be accredited
with any other name or any other race.
She has been on the boards ever since
ehe was a mite of a girl. This part of her
career didn't last long; she got over be
ing a mite so fast that before -she realized
it she was being press-agented as "stun
ning" and "strapping" and. "splendid"
and "queenly." There is so much of her
that she gets a salary in proportion.
In her first teens she was so tall that
she could play a woman's part. She start
ed out on a tour under the management
of Miss Sarah Thome, and "Peter Wil
klns" was the pantomime presented. Ja
net Achurch was the fairy queen, and
Dagmar had to walk on and off the stage
in a very small part until the second girl's
part was vacant unexpectedly. Dagmar
was given her chance then, and she
grabbed it.
Her tuccess as second girl led to her
tour with a road company which was
playing all sorts and conditions of pieces,
and later on &he won her pantomime
successes. Then she took to the concert
stage, and finally to the vaudeville.
Here we know her as a vaudeville queen.
London welcomes her every season in its
pantomimes, and has now come to know
her in what it calls the "variety theater.""
But London, loyal to its favorites, will
never forget her as the prince in "Cin
derella," in which part she made her first
hit. As a ladylike boy with a "swashing
and a martial outside" she is said over
there to have no equal, and she has been
called upon to play the boy in pantomime
after pantomime. Since we saw her here
two j'ears ago she has been appearing in
Ix>ndon in "The Forty Thieves" and
"Robinson Crusoe." And London consid
ers her so much a British possession that
*t would probably tell you to-day that she
Is a born Britisher, and so add another to
her list of nationalities.
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR
8
STHBf STOTDAT^ CAIilii^
SOME OF THE PLAYERSChjnese soldiers, do not shoulder mus
r.ets. particularly for. glory- They live -op
whatever the commissary department can
produce* and arc content with it. The .pay
they receive is less than aa American
nennv Der day. *
The 'publication, of the "Transactions" of
the International Congress of Medicln?.' '
held nt Paris, !•: going on with" what the
Lancet calls -'"unheard 'of rapidity. " One
cornea out every fifteen days,- and the
seventeen volumes will contain 14,000 cop
ies. - - -v ' - ¦¦ ¦ . . . ¦ - . ..
According to Arnold White, an English
critic, the inhabitants of the British, Ibles
are degenerating physically, j He bases his
conclusions on the results 'of recruiting
for the, Boer war. In the Manchester dis
trict alone 8000 out of 11,000 men Ayho o'f
fered themselves for military service were
certined unlit to endure a soldier's' life.
The cyanide process, briefly, Is the dte
eolving of nne gold in the crushed ore by
a dilute solution of cyanide of potassium
and the subsequent precipitation of gold
from the solution of cyanide with fine
zino ehavings. The ordinary plant Is.In
expensive and elmple in operation. The
cost of the process'is small.
The. army allows about 5J3.COO pounds of.
food a! year for. fifteen men, but in the
Arctic regions the peopie eat at least a.
quarter as much more. ' It costs J3. a.
month more to feed a man in Greenland '
than in New York.
To-day being an open day ( on the pro
gramme of matches of the California
Cricket Association, it was decided to
play the secend match of the season be
tween the Pacific and Santa Cruz cricket
clubs. The Pacific team is made up from
the following: H. C. Casidy, John Myers,
C. P. Coles, A. "W. "Wilding, F. Bennion,
E. T. Langdale, Harold B. Richardson,
W. Petherick, D. Jamleson, V. P. Sollom,
George Theobald and J. J. Theobald.
The Santa Cruz Country Club has' the
following list of players from which to
select Its team: H. F. Anderson, D. B.
Bowley, G. P. Butler, C. Eanner, J. F.
Coope (captain). E. H. Day, E. D. Dick
son. W. A. Fortescue, P. D. Gellatly. E.
F. Hilton, A. Jenkins, J. E. Jackson, W.
M. Johnstone, A. D. Reynolds, F, W.
Stansfeld, H. Thomas and W. Leet. In
addition to the above H. H. Cookson,' A.
G. Sheath and E. G. Sloman of San Fras
cisco and W. H. Howard of San Jose are
members of the Santa Cruz club, and are
likely to be included In its team.
The team from the city clubs which will
visit Lake County during the Admission
day holidays will probably arrange "mat
ters so as to play a two days' match
against the Burns Valley cricket club on
tho ground at Lower Lake, and a one
day's game against the Lakeport club. at
Lakeport. The cricketers will return to
this city on Tuesday. September 10. and
get back to their offices on the morning
following.
R. B. -Hogue, second vice president of
the California Cricket Association, and
captain of the Alameda Cricket Club, who
has for several years past been one of Ihe
chief supporters of local cricket, has re
tired from the. flqld for the rest of the
season.' ' / . . . i
Next Sunday; the Sacramento team. will
come down from the capital city to play
against the Pacific Club on the Alameda
ground. Puring September there. will be
little cricket on the local ground, "as the
match set for September 1 will be played
to-day, while the match between the. Sac
ramento and Santa Cruz clubs set for
September 15 has already been played, and
September 22"Ig an open, day. Possibly,
however, a match or two between Banks
and Insurance versus All Comers may be
arranged, or a deciding "match* between
Old .England and Young Amerlca^may be
played. ,. ,V^ ;:
CRICKETERS IN LINE
¦^ ME tennis, cracks are getting down
),o hard practice for the champion
ship tournaments to be held in the
nearvfuture. Every effort will be
made to mak* these the biggest and
successful tournaments ever
. . -he VI on the coast. • The prizes this
>f>ar win amount to almost J500. and a<»
there will be players on hand from both
Pouthorn California .nd the Northern
btates competition will be very keen
Bell, the champion of "southern
California; will in all probability be one
of the contestants anrl after drubbing
Hunt as he did lasf week many are of
the opinion that he will stand a good
• chance against Grorpe Whitney. Hunt Is
considered one of the best men of tho
flrst plass and Whitney himself would
have had some trouble beating him as
badly as Bell did. .
J.OUJS Freproan. the.rham P !on nf the
*orthwr?t,.f!ie] O r ;i tod;-hi 3 Fhoulder re
cpptly In a tournament and will riot be
nble. to plav in the local tournaments.
Otn-T-. men fro-i the north almost as good
F-ceman will be o n hand, and while
none is expected to lift the championship.
Ftill they will give a good account of
themselves.
The pony tpam-W'phe aid Adams-will
not play in tbe doubts, a*} the latter is
t« be mnrrird on the nh of next month
Th °f' ™1'1 Probably p'ay « n the singles
THe announcenrcnts for the tournaments
are out and the evnts arp scheduled as
fo'lows: Au-rust ?6. woTtion-s doubles-
27. mired donbTp«: Awru^t 28 and
23. fin= t rounds r.f women's s»n-rlps; % Au
ni't SO.' r, na is nf women's " Fineries ani
Aueust 31. chaUen-™ round of women's
r'nsrles: September S snd 4.'men's doubles-
Seprembor 5 and rounds of
men's singles; Geptefnber 7. challenge
round of m*n"s doubles: September. 9
TT'orninsr. ncn's coipolatlon singles for
tho-e - beaten in fir»t match nctisally
nlayed in both the single* and doubles*
September n. afternoon, challenge round
of men's singles. . - . :¦.
/Mere interest is 1-eing shown fn the
ivo-ncn's tournaments thari ever before
and the entry I'st ,wiir be much larger
than usual. Miss May Button.' who 'won
the championship of Southern California
last week, will come north and is ex
pected to vrrest the championship from
Miss Hall. The latter is practicing con
stantly and will have no excuses to of^
fer if she Is becten. : •
Miss Violet Sutten. ex-champicr. of the
south; will also participate in the tour
naments, and with her sister will m?ke
n strong cbnMnatlon in doubles. Miss
Kair and Mlas Hoffman will join forces in
doubles.' and 1 when these two teams come
(ogether there will be a ; battle royal.
Miss May Sutton is the younge?J qf.lhree
r.lsters. all experts with the racket.\ She
is only. 54 yeara old and'haa already cut
dlstar.ced ' both her sisters."
_^_ ARELY^as there' been more actlv
j^\ ity among the oarsmen of Oak
\h^f . land Creek than at present. The
¦ University, of California crev is
* \ practicing daily in its new ¦four
• »¦ oared shell, and the Alameda Boat
Sjti L-- Club's barge-crew '.and single
rcullers are going out nearly every even
ing. . . v
' The shell crew of, the University of Cali
fornia consists, of L,. IT. Turner, bow: H.
Muller. No. 2: A>\ Kington. No.- 3.
and E.B. , Harley, stroke. Of* the above
Muller and Harley rowed in the waist of
the barge representing the University of
California in the Lake Merritt regatta on
July 4., while Frank V. Klngton, captain
of the shell crew. : rowed "strolte nf the.
barge crew in the race against the Colum
bia Rowlr>cr Club last year. Kirgton is a
strongly built man, but 13 hardly up to
sh»ll rowing. .. ' • : •¦ . . ;
The Alairpda barr? ct°™. thoi;~h rank'
ing as a; senior crew. r»ally contains only:,
one senior rarsmnr.' Fr^d VS. A-<-«>rs. ,th«v
stroke of the "Snld^'-s." E. B. Thorninj?;
has been capta'n of the Alampda Boat'^
Club nrd rowed in the Alamor'a ba'-gtV*
crew at Ee'veclere last year. th«> oth^r
members being Georrre Lewis. TT. C. Guild
and Ed Hainan. Sydnpv Pollard was
stroke of the interrnodiatp barsro r p.v,- r
that took second . n'afp at the Lak» M«<r
ritt regatta and- Ed Hnnscn '«s» a brother
of- W. G. Hanssn of the "Spiders'* and
steered that crer; in many races.
The Olympic barge crew, with T. J.
Sherry at stroke. Is goinsr oiit from th°
Sm;th End- boathouse under fhe coach'ng
of S. J,,- Pembroke, with Percy Pembr"k<;
as cockswain. Behind Pbprry arc C. Me'
rose, R. B. Cornell and ¦ N. Prender^ra3t.
Prendergast rowed in tho Olympic four at
Belvedere In May of last year. All are
strong men and are keeping well to tne'r
work. The crew has considerable life 'and
some swing.
, Th'e South End four was out on th<?
Long Wharf eour=» !a,»t Sunday mornfnnr.
It is made up of Mflurire Cashman.who
was third to "\V.G.~, Hanson and T. J.
Sherry in the junior skiff race on Lake
Merritt: J. P. Foley. who has wonthe se
nior shell cha'mnionship; T. I. Fitzpatrtck.
formerly ' president , of 'the South "End
Rowing Club, and Matt Harris. The crew
¦ sl,ts its boat well and seems to make her
move. Th* Ariel barge «crew .cbnsists of
E.'L.. : SmUh.and Harry Foley. who rowed'
'No. 2 nr.rt No; 3 |n. the crrw that won the
junler^bfifpe race on Lake Merritt; R.W.
EHla '«rid ' W.' -,T. Howe, who ;'occupled . the
patine thwarts In the senior barre crew.
All- the Alameda- men *wlll; pull -In ;«lnirl<»
races and nleasurc boats as w«^U as In the
barge, and most of the" members of the
Other -rTPWs* will- rowiin the Kkiff races or
take part in the swimming events.
.after the race the sloop- Ariel, owreil tov.
Boyle, and j Bulger. : while • cruising round-,
ran up too near to the wharf .Jo come
about, crashed C Into < it x and snapped her
jl An unknown. 'sloop, supposed
to'-be^the Halcyon • -of ;-r tho Corinthian
Yacht, Club, whi!e fumlillng : around; in"! a
.heavy :Hea; off Angel r' Island. rbroke her
mainmast off "short.'brlnglng down nil her
standine 1 r'EKinE." halyards and canvas.
___ annual regatta of the San'Fran-
T^ Cisco Yacht Club will take place
I to-day over the new club course,
| which Is the same as that "of the
I Corinthian Yacht Club, except that
| after crossing the starting line the
/ boats reach for. : the; leeward mark
. si*ad of beating out'.to windward. A
iakebcat will be anchored about • 400
yaros to the northwest off the end of
Meiggs-' wharf, and the yachts will cross
the imaginary line between this boat and
the head of the wharf, thence to and
round a leeward stakeboat off Angel
Island, leaving it on the port hand;
thence to and around Presidio shoal buoy,
leaving It on the port hand; ' thence to
the starting line off 'Meiggs wharf,
round the stakeboat. leaving it on
the starboard hand; thence, to and round
Presidio shoal buoy, leaving it on the
port^hand: thence to the finishing line
between Meiggs wharf ¦ and the stake
boat. ; » .
A preparatory gun will be fired at 10:55
a. m., and the starting gun at 11 a. m.;
yachts having two minutes within which
to cross the line. All the classes will
probably be started at the same Mme.- '
The yachts will be divided into three
classes, class 1 comprising the schooners
Lurline, Aggie, Chispa, the yawl Tramon
tana and the sloops Nixie and Mischief.
Class 2 includes the sloops Cygnus, Siren,
Thetis and Surprise and the yawls Royal
and'Phyllis. Tn class 3 are the sloops
Anita and Dewey. The schooner Lurilne
is the standard boat in class 1, the others
receiving time allowances as follows:
Aggie, 1 minute, 45 seconds;. Chispa; 18
minutes 8 seconds; Tramontana, 18 min
utes 34 seconds; Nixie, 29 minutes 58 sec
onds; Mischief," 30- ' mimites 32. seconds.
The . flagship Ramona, falls in this class,
but she left the bay. on Wednesday for a
trip to. the Santa Barbara Channel, hav
ing on board Fred McWilHams, , R. • H.
Morrow, Rudolph Herold. Carl Wester
feld and Werner Stauf. In class 2 tho
sloop Thetis is the standard boat, tho
.others receiving time" allowances as fol
lows: Phyllis, o minutes 56 seconds; CyE
nus, 12 minutes 13 seconds; Siren, 14 min
utes 41 seconds; yawl Naiad, 15 minutes;
sloop Surprise / and [ yawl Spray, 15 min
utes 19 seconds; yawl; Royal. 16 minutes
16 seconds. "As it' will be high ! water at
2:27 p. m. to-day the race will . be on a
flood tide, throughout.'.' The event is in
charge of the regatta .committee, which
consists of Dr.' T.L.. Hill, "W. G. Morrow
and J.-R. Savory. The last named will be
charged with 1 the duty gf setting out the
leeward stakeboat and'a launch may con
vey the members of the committee round
the course. .7 ' . •
¦The .Corinthians started yesterday ->n
their annual cruise •' up .the Sacramento
Rivor, the fleet being made , up,;of the
sloops Amigo, j Speedwell, : Edna, Emma,
Freda and MIgnon, the yawl Arcturus and
one oi^ two others.
¦The annual ; up-river cruise of "the San
Fraucleco Yacht Club . was very ' success
ful; : the sloops Mischief, Thetis,- Cyghus
and the yawls- Royal and Phyllis attend
ing: it.. ¦ • .
Ihe day- of the, Challenge cup race was
productive j of j disaster,;! The sloop Emma ,
'was run down by Ihe tug Sea Queen t/ and
JVIerx yand Women
Racket Wielders Qo
Into Jraining
JMar\y Scullers and
GreWs /\c e O\Jt for
Daily Practice.
5arvFrar\ciscar\s Will
Spread Sail Ov^eh
NeW/Govjrse.
TENNIS CRACKS
PRACTICING FOR
ANNUAL EVENT
PLENTY OF LIFE
AMONG OARSMEN
OF BAY CLUBS
ANNUAL RACE OF
YACHTS OF THE
SAUSALITO CLUB
SHESE-are- busy .. nights;; in . the gymnasium; of the Young Men's Christian Association.
On the; bars, iparalleK andjliorizontal^ on -the 'horse and on the mat the young* athletes
go through': their gy ninastic -evolutions witli a perseverance that is rarely'' found outside
the professional.; VTliere are^ .many regular devotees of 'the bar land mat in the associa-
.'tion classes. Dr. director, has several, in whom he places great confi
dence .whenever called;uppn ? eitlVer/in . ordinary, class work . or for exhibitions. I In the near •
I future the association -Avill^begin ; a series of ladies- nights in which the acrobat and gymnast
will be given fun:_plav^Amo^ performers a're; Ed \\ Fleischer;; ;Charles
• 'Stuart, :Gebrge;^art^E(l ;^jrian,;iAmiyrose^Barnett; and Fred Shaw: v All will- appeal on'
. 4these occasions: any^win>b&ieeri -w
¦&; ¦¦:-¦»¦¦¦ *—r. •-;¦ .* ;.'¦-•:£ m -^?-.y^r:"]- = -¦-.;¦: ... - v-w-a- ¦¦-¦; ¦ ¦ ;-.;.¦'"- . : -/-';;- : ' .-. ~; ; : :\: •: ' '"
S the opening of the college yeai
#^ draws near speculation concerning
I /J the relative strength of the twe
1^\ rival varsity football teams In-
I M creases. From the rumors of tin
' M coming of new material to both
colleges it looks as if the two in
stitutions will draw about equally from
the Eastern talent. California claims tha!
three Eastern men with well-earned rep
utations will be seen with the blue and
gold aggregation this fall. Horan, a bi
guard from Lafayette College, is. already
on the Berkeley campus, while two-other*
are expected from Denver. One of the
Coloradans is a quarterback of ability
and will be an invaluable addition to
Coach Slmpson'tmen. Of last year's team
those: expected- to return- are Womb)"
Hudson and . Masters, ends; OvenM
guard: Albertson. tackle; More and prob-'
ably Gommon, backs.
While the .wearers of the blue and gold
have not yet given up all hope of the re
instatement of Captain "Locomotive-
Smith, it is hardly likely that he would
be allowed to don football armor, even
though he should succeed in registering
as a student in the Affiliated Colleges of
Dentistry. The loss of so valuable a line
plunger will seriously weaken Berkeley'*
back field, Just where she would have been
strongest this season. . The two tackle
places and center will worry the coaches
as Cornish and Pringle are men that
can't be replaced in a year. However,
California has a long list of available ma
terial to pick from and with such old vet
.erans as Frank Simpson. ••Jimmie" Hop
per. Percy Hail and Pets Kaarsber? as
coaches should turn out. a more effective
team than last year's.
Down at Palo Alto things never looked
brighter for a winning team. In the first
Place Charlie Fickert, Stanford's popular
old guard." has been made head coach
so everybody is satisfied. "Billy" Trae
ger. who won last years game by his well
executed place kick, undoubtedly the best
tackle on^ the Western gridiron to-day
and who scheduled to play with Harvard
this fall, will again wear his cardinal jer-
Fey. Moreover, forever}' position made
vacant by a year's losses, there is an ex
perienced substitute, for Coach Yost's
second team was almost as good as his
T££, n ? r e * "f, 011^ crew.-wlll consist of
Fickert, Spaulding '96 and McMillan, ex-
S«. one time a . guard. Of these two
SPf^'dins has seen the game as
Played In the East while a student at
Columbia Medical School. McMillan. has
been playing football in the Northwest
ever since leaving the local gridiron, first
as captain of the celebrated Butte eleven
then with the Multnomah Athletic Club
of Portland. Both men have followed
the game closely since leaving Stanford.
Barnhisel and Thompson will undoubt
edly fill the places left vacant by Seeley
and De Forest, and Hamilton 'of last
year's Reliance team should take Bur
nett's position .at right tackle, Lee and
McFadden. both of whom had experience
last Thanksgiving, will be back trying for
the snap back's honors.
For the twick field there will be a dozen
likely candidates, among whom are Fish
er, Hill, Smith, Keddie, Narramore. the
Yarpey brothers. Parker. Raitt and
Bansbach and probably Slaker, last
year's fullback, who may return. The
weakest place on the cardinal team will
be the end places, the only experienced
player who will return being Cooper of
last year's eleven.
Naturally the personnel of the' two
"baby teams Is Impossible to forecast.
California will undoubtedly get her sharo
of the "infants" who made up the crack
academic teams. Boone's Academy, Per
alta Hall, Mount Tamalpais. Belmont and
St. Matthew's all make their contribu
tions. Of those who will enter Stanford
quite a little is known. First there are
the Tarpeys from the Palo Alto High
School, two. of the sturdiest players in
the league last year. Voltz, the bucking
fullback from. the Berkeley High School,
will also be seen behind the cardinal line
of jerseys. Among the linemen will be
Sefton from r Belmont and Hamilton from
Lick at , tackles. IX is also rumored that
the Lyceum will send down: a 200-pound
candidate for center rush honors. But
there are always plenty of good men who
enter with records to make, so there is
no doubt that there will' be plenty of
material to fill. the other places.
GYMNASTS AND ACROBATS OF YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASOCIATION
Football Prospects at
P alo /\lto and ;
Berkeley.
THAT the greyhound has a canine dis
position or nature peculiar to him
self is evinced whenever a stake is
run. for with no other class of dogs
could a meeting be held where the
absence of snarling, snapping and
lighting among such highly trained
animals is so noticeable. After a dog has
br come a "performer" and has lost hi3
puppy timidity, preparing for k stake be
comes second nature to him. =' ¦* "
From the time an old campaigner Is
taken from his kennel until the day's
pport is 'ended " he shows by his every
move that h*» knows what Is expected of
him. He stands the ordeal of being
rubbed down without flinching, and then
when his time corner for a course > he
passes through tho "office" and on the
field, leading the way to the ' slipper's
stall. Oblivious to conditions and sur
roundings, he awaits patiently his trans
fer into the slipper's hands. Holding up
his head that *he slip may be put on. anil
backing into his position alongside his op
ponent, the wisa courser rests ouietly on
the slippenfs arm until the- order to re
lease the hare is given. When the sound
of the dropping lid tells him that the jack
is loose and he hears the boys shoo "the
game out -into the field, it is then that
the* hound presents the study. With ears
pricked pp waits for a sight of the freed
hare, and once his eye rests en the fleeing
jack It is but a succession" of pleading,
coaxih? whines until the slipper releases
him and his mate a distance Up the field.
As ..a rule the more experienced the
courser the quieter he rests in the hands
of tho slipper, and while some never get.
over their howling there are many houn<Js
that await the slipper's pleasure without
a sound.
. Greyhounds will ch?s« any living thinpr
that will run from them. A bunch of
them out exercising will ignore a cat that
shows_ no fear, but it is good-by to th«».
feline if she starts to run. A' strange dojr
will be passed unnoticed unless he tries
to get away. In that event the hound*
start him^ going and his finish is painful.
A chicken giving the pack a chance . to'
sprint after it will fare as badly.
Qu?et ard gentle as runninir dogs gen
erally are. the fighter Is heard from occa
sionally. Rusty Gold ard Gladiator arn
Gngs that when they pick up a hare, are
allowed to return to their kennels without
objection, and it would be unwise for any
one to try to stop them.
The. heaviest hound that was ever slip
ped in public was Master Mocking Bird,
an. English dog that performed some fiftv
years, ago. At 89' pounds- he won a sap-'
ling stake and afterward divided an eight
dog event for all ages at the Baldock
meeting. His dam was the celebrated
Mocking Bird and scaled 61 pounds.
Midvllle Prince, who ran'ln England 'n
JSDo.'won two courses in a puppy stake at
Sleaford meeting, weighing 71) pounds.
Drayman performed well at 7S pounds.'
Tullochgorum. who was two pounds light-:
er. made a record at that weight. In hi*
first two seasons he beat almost every
thing he met for one course, and he was
given the flag over Mineral Water In i.
trial before she won the Waterloo cup.
He was sold for a song and brought hh
new owner luck, winning several stake3
and running Into his sixth season.
f-elby made the best record for a heavy
weight. He was last and clever and di
vided the Waterloo in 1SC0. when it was a
C4-dog stake, with dive. Selby weighed,
teventy-five pounds.
Jennie Jones was the heaviest oitch of
record and scaled 63V2 pounds. She ran
Into the semi-final of the Waterloo in 1SK7
after having- met with an accident just
before the stake.
Lancelot was the smallest dog as a win
ner that ever ran in public, weighing an
even 42 pounds. He was a wonder for his
size and scored two or three wins as a
puppy, setting the flag in nine courses be
fore meeting defeat. He went fast to hla
hare and beat defgs- that were half as
heavy again. .-
Phantom II was the nearest approach ra
lightness to Lancelot and did some good
work at 45 pounds
Swift, an English Bitch, was by odds
the lightest' greyhound that ever wona
ctake in public, and was the smallest that
was -ever slipped or an entrance fee paid
for. She proved herself a good one and
beat big dogs in the open.
In local stakes Prince Hal herd's the rec
ertl as a heavy-weight, having coursed
successfully at 72 pounds ¦ weighty Jenny
Wilson has won at 57 and Bed of Stone at
5$, Brilliantlne has been entered at 60. .
Among the small doga Risky Attempt
fcaa won . out at : 4V& pounds. Controller
at 49 and Random. Aim at 50. For Glory
and Metallic at 39 pounds hold the record
at lightweight bitches.
FULL of the noise of polo and golf,
society will pass this week at Del
Monte in a struggle for purses,
prizes and rewards. The Pacific
Coast Polo and Pony Racing Asso
ciation has perfected all plans for
Its sixth meeting, and all that is
now necessary Is the word for the carni
val to begin its operations on the field of
yport. Golf, polo and pony racing will be
The three kinds of sport that will engross
' mind and body of the men and women
¦who are on the list of contestants.
"* This meeting- will be specially note
• worthy on account of the pony racing
feature. Originally the polo pony was of
mustang stock, with some breeding, but
in these days he is really an undersized
thoroughbred, or at least a pony with a
lnr^e percentage of the thoroughbred in
his blood. Such men as Carolan and Ho
bart have given much attention to the
breeding of ponies and a great rivalry
between these two Blingumites always
exists. They will play and race the best
of their stables.
Thirty ponies have been shipped from
the south, to be used by the five or six
Fouthern players, who will take part in
the racing and games. R. L. Bettner of
Riverside arrived at Del Monte on
TVednesday. Mr. Praed has shipped -Red"
Jacket and C. EL Maud Redemption.-
Among the notable new ponies to be seen
will b«» Hobart's Silver Dick, which he
recently brought from Colorado. Charles
Dunnhy will race his new pony Topo. The
Tobins, Tom Driscoll and J. J. Moore will
be on the scene with several strings
r*»ady to fight for the wire.
The opening day of the golf tourna
ments will be attended by a large num
ber of golfers from San Francisco, San
Kafael. Oakland. Burlingame and South
ern California. The qualifying round over
pightoen holes, medal play, for the men's
amateur competition for the Del Monte
Cup will be played to-morrow morning,
and the opening match play round ¦will
take pla<*e in the afternoon among the
sixteen men who make the best qualify
ing score?. On Tuesday and Wednesday
th<e j=wond. pernVrinal and final rounds
«fU be played out. Ent-ies for th\s event
close at the Del Monte Hotel to-day with
the jrolf committee.
On Wednesday the first annual corape-
for the women's amateur cham
7) ionshlp of the Pacific Coa^t will beg'.n
with a qualifying round over eighteen
holes, modal play, the ei^ht lowest scores
to qualify-. The match play rounds will
he over eighteen holes, the contestants
being drawn by lot, and in case of an odd
number of players the executive com
mittee will appoint a golfer to accompany
the contestant drawing the bye. In case
of a tie or ties for eighth place in the
qualifying round the contestants will play
en until one pains a lead by strokes, the
hole or holes being played out. The win
ner will be the first champion woman
amateur golfer of the Pacific Coast. It
is expected that all the principal women
polfers in the neig-hberrhood of San Fran
cisco, with some from Southern Califor
nia, will enter for this evenL
The winner will receive a gold medal
sred the rnnner-cp a silver medal. The fa
vorite is Mrs. R- Giiman Brown of San
Rafael and San Francisco, with Mrs. Jean
"YV. Bowers of Garvanza as her most dan
perous opponent- It is hoped that Mrs.
F. H_ Seymour. Mrs. Fred J Griffith and
Mrs. Clement Hull may come up from
Southern California fcrr the ¦ champion
ship. The following- local golfers win
probafcly take part tn the contest: Mrs.
H. H. Sherwood, Mrs. P. EL Bowles, Mrs.
W. Johnson and Mrs. Orestes Pierce of
Oakland. Mfes Alice Hager. Miss Maud
Mullins. Miss Florence Ives, Miss Caro
ICrcckett, Mk>s Edith McBean, Miss D.
I>olbeer. Mrs, Walter Martin. Miss M. R.
Koushton. Miss Sarah Drum, Miss Chesc
brough and Miss O'Connor. Miss Alice
Hager-and Miss B. Dolbeer are considered
the most formidable of th« Presidio play
ers.
On Eatm-flay, .Angnst 21, on the Del
Monie links, there will be a competition
over thirty-six holes,. medal play, open to
emateurs and professionals, with gold,
rilvcr and bronze medals for amateur
erinners and $150 in money for profes
sional irfciners. Amateurs must be mem
ber* of a dub affiliated with the Pacific
Coast Golf Association, and the profes
sionals must be employed on the PaciQc
Doctft! Entries for this event closed at
• p. m. on Fridar last.
After the above three competitions
nave b*?en played a team match between
N'orthern and Southern California will be
tnangfd. for which J. W, Byrne, presl
!f-nt of the San Francisco Golf Club, has
»fifei>d a handsome prize. The number of
*\fri to be included In the teams, will be
fetermined by agreement. The southern
.earn w{Ji certainly include C. E. Maud,
2. E. Orr, Walter Cosby and H. M. Sears.'
»-hil<? the northern team will include John
-awson, E. R. Folger, R, M. Fitzgerald
tnd \V. P. Johnson or C. P. Hubbard.
Among the Oaklanders who will go to
Dc! Monte will be E. I., Folger. J. A. Fol
;er, P. G. Bowles, R. M. Fitzgerald. W.
?. Johnson, C. P, Hubbttrd, Orestes
fierce, H. H. Sherwood, H. M. A. Miller
..And A. HigginF.
i^Ltst year th* Del Mente course was
•"Try dusty, but this year the whole course
rill be watered, and eo will be in more
Payable condition.
GRIDIRON MEN
WILL SOON DON
CANVAS JACKET
iGamWal of Sport to
Be Inaugurated
To-MorroW.
¦*
Heav>y and Light Dogs
TKat HaVz Won
otake Honors.
GREYHOUNDS AND
THEIR PECULIAR
TEMPERAMENTS
POLO PONIES AT
DEL MONTE WILL
REIGN SUPREME
, THE ; ;; SUNDAY^ CAtlJ..'
9
SPORTS UNDER COVER
AND IN THE
FIELDRAILROADING in Maine has not
been without its Incidents lately.
A short time ago the trains on the
Canadian Pacific Railroad were
very late, and the story went out that
a terrible accident had happened near
Megantic, near the* western border of
Maine. As the line of the Canadian Paci
fic runs for miles through the wilderness
of Xorthern Maine, the report could not
be verified at first. A press telegram was
sent out, stating that the Colonist Limited
bad gone through the bridge, and that
large numbers had been killed, but at last
the overdue train arrived at Jackman
station, and , the story was told. Before
any person on the train would say a word,
he first made a rush to the general store
near the Jackman station and bought a
bottle of some emollient. As the passen
gers rubbed the soothing compound on the
bulging blotches of mosquito bites and on
the red rash that marked the punishment
dealt by black flies and' midges they re
lated their experiences.
It seems that when the train, composed
of heavily loaded colonist cars, struck the
foot of a steep grade, the engineer noticed
that the drivers began to slip and grind
in a somewhat unaccountable fashion.
The engineer leaned out of the cab and
eaw that numerous green worms were
crawling on the sleepers and the rails. He
yanied the sand lever and set the throttle
AN ARMY OF WORMS THAT HELD UP A TRAIN IN MAINE
\y survey; The situation was worse than
that;of a trolley : car behind a . watering
cart in a narrow street. ¦
One of the. passengers on the train, a
Western /farmer, going back to his old
home In Germany for. a summer visit, said .
that • he> believed the only way was to
make brooms out of birch withes and
sweep .the tracks. ' He declared -that he
was willing to assist, and on this many of
the passengers volunteered. Getting the
train out of Its predicament was" a matter
in which all were interested. "So. the train
crew. and the others set to .work, cutting
withes down in the ravine, and several in
the -party tied the withes into brooms for
the -use of the v others. In ten minutes 1
fifty, men' were out on the trestle sweeps"
ing away for dear. life. The air below the
framework . was ¦ filled with: flying worms.
They, pattered 'like green rain on the
leaves of the trees below. ; . '
To be -sure, there was a quarter 'of a
mile of >' trestle to clean, but, It seemed like
a fairly easy proposition. Here, however,
ensued a complication. . The complication
first 'tackled -the men who went' into the,
bushes after the withes. : Up' from their
retreats came the ¦ black files, the midges
and ¦ the ;; mosquitoes. They chased the
choppers out of the. woods and -then fell
upon the men who were sweeping the
track. .-.-'.. . .
A person who has not been in the Maine
woods cannot understand the tortures
that these little terrors inflict. They, are
at, their worst in July. Persons , who do
not understand those things : may think
It sounds puerile and cowardly for a man
to admit that black flies :.. have "driven
him." But even hardened woodsmen and
guides will not venture into the woods in
June and' July until they have smeared
their leather hides with grease and tar
and other compounds.
The passengers and the train crew were
who.lly unused to the pests of the -Maine
forest. ; Many of them were from cities,
and if black flies ever laugh these terrors
of- the Moxie must have chortlecl when
¦ they espied the fair white skins of these
¦="- strangers who had "suddenly dropped
among them like manna from heaven.
By the -wireless telegraphy in use in in
sect land the news was sent -abroad, and
clouds^ of pests came .winging in over
valley and hill. Mosquitoes arrived and
went away/in content. Black files
splotched the faces of the tollers. Thes©
.flies, do not fear any .movement of man.
'and settle, on the face, and hands in
patches. 'Their bite is acute agony. They
must 'use saws where mosquitoes use.
•'. drills, to judge from the sensation. • *
'Each worm sweeper was followed .by
clouds of these flies, streaming out be
hind in the air like bannerets. The
.midges, such tiny specks as to be hardly
- visible, ' came too, and : burrowed m the
skin in all the claima that had not been !
staked out by their bigger brothers. Th»'
sting of a midge is not a -whit less agon
izing than the bite of the black fly.
As the workers perspired the p'lagu©
grew worse. At last fully half th« men
threw down their, brooms and ran for th»
shelter of the cars, fairly screaming with
the torture the insects were inflicting
upon them. Only a sportsman who has
been in the Maine woods during the sum
mer can understand how infernal the'in
secfc persecution is. Other passengers
worked on, wielding the broom with on«
hand and swatting flies with the other
It was necessary to keep one or both
hands whirling constantly around the
head in order to escape being eaten
alive. But fighting the pests was about
like kicking out against a breeze. The
natural relief, from such ineffectual
warfare is to swear. So the passengers
swore and swatted and swept, and swept
and swatted and swore, their perspiring'
faces puffing redly with the poison thai
the insects were pumping Into them. At
last even .the bravest gave up the Job
and they retired to the cars and left the
worms and the insects masters of the
trestle. - The lilliputians were the con
querors of the day. When night came .
on and the. insects went away the fight
on the worms was resumed, and at last
the train got over the. grade and away.
But when the passengers got off at
Jackman their faces were so swollen that
they. could barely open their eyes suffi
ciently to see the way to the store whera*
an enterprising Yankee keeps f aco Io-^
tions.— New York. Tribun*.
It ) was: then suggested that; the train
wait patiently until "the worm army s had
crossed over, but after; watching the pro
gress* of a sample worm ; for, a few mo
ments the 'conductor decided" that this
would not _do. The 'worm did; not hike
right "along, nor did'.any of his fellows.
Each hitched and;, undulated for ; an inch
or so and ; then used ; up '.valuable' time in
reconnoiteYing. The worm lifted his head,'
jabbed . his stubby shout first to ' right'and
then to left and, took, a long and,contem
plative "survey. -Then . he hitched along a
few more inches and repeated the leisure-'
There was a second council of war. The
engineer suggested that' he take the coil
of hose in the cab, hitch It to one of the
cocks and sweep the rails with water.
This recourse was tried. But as soon as
the water began to run each. worm halted
and 'clung with all its legs, to rail Gr
sleeper. He was^ableVto: flatten himself
in such fashion -that the -water sluiced
over him 1 ineffectually. As : soon: as : : the
stream stopped ¦ : the \ worm placidly. ; re
sumed his course. : The water in the-ten
der couldn't be ;, wasted in this fashion,
for steam must be,. kept up. Vi ' : vVC-
slain. These later arrivals were crushed
into' the mess left^bythe first victims.
Even the sand ¦ could ¦ not:, cut the
coating so that the drivers could rub the
rails. The locomotive came to a halt witn
its pilot just poked: over the first sleepers
of the trestle. " : ',
Then with the throttle wide open, using
every pound of steam. and with sand valve
pulled tothe limit, he slammed to the foot
of the grade. _ But -half way "up he saw.
that. his charge was going to be without
avail. His first onslaught on the! hosts
had; left the, rails smeared and slimy.
Since . then*new , batches 'of . '.worms'; had
crawled recklessly over the bodies. of tiie
The engineer thought that he could run
back a mi/e or so and get enough momen
tum to run'over'and through the mesi.
He told the conductor that he hadn't been
looking for any Coxey's army on the raite,
and therefore had not taken, the grade at
very determined speed. So ' the train" was
backed two miles. T,hen the engineer took
the engine bpoom, and, with the assist
ance of the fireman, cleaned off as much
of. the worm lubricant as he could.
A few passengers, seeing these queer an
tics,"-started to come forward, but there
were too many worms in sight.
He found the engineer out by the side
of the engine! gazing with intense disgust
at the forbidding mess that was smeared
over his running gear, and even dripped
in thick, yellow streams from the rims of
the wheels. The conductor" and engineer
stood there a moment passing, florid com
ments on the situation and as; they talked
they kicked out first one leg. and then
the other in order- to shake off the deter
mined crawlers .who insisted on a tour of
investigation.
The conductor came 'forward along the
side of the train, scuffling through s the
sand of, the roadbed and stepping gingerly
through :•• the - patches : of 'crawling
, ¦ .. ' • r
At the top of the grade and continuing
for a quarter 'of. a mile is a trestle over
Moxie Brook. As the engine puffed and
snorted toward the end of this trestle,
slipping, grinding, jerking ahead and then
almost slowing to a standstill, the engi
neer noticed that the green worms were
growing more numerous. Behind they had
been in patches and thin processions, like
the stragglers behind an army, but at the
end of the trestle and along the viaduct
as far as theeye could distinguish them
they were packing rails and sleepers like
a carpet of moving, undulating green._ It
was evident that the worm army wanted
to go somewhere and was using the trestle
of the_ great Canadian Pacific over which
to make an exodus. For every : one
squashed by the engine wheels two more
took his , place* on the rails, and ; before
the trestle was reached the wheels of the
locomotive gave a last/despairing buzz on
the slippery- rails .and then the train
jerked to a standstill. , The weight of the
cars even pulled the locomotive back a
bit ere the brakes would take hold. r 2^' : "
up a notch or so. The great wheels came
flogging down on the rails and the engine
.rocked and trembled, but as the grade
grew steeper the locomotive labored more
ineffectively. «- iy^
The incubator "babies are a little peopia
exclusively. "While the^ diminutive repre
sentation elsewhere is a more or less spe
cial feature, here it is "the whole thing."
And' a profoundly interesting study the
little ones are, snatched- from certain
doom at the very hour of their premature
Thcre are other little people of the Pan.
but two classes especially appeal to the
visitor, one on account of, their very un
earthliness, the other for their very
nearness "to human sympathy. The for
mer are the Lilliputians of the craters of
the moon; the latter the famous incu
bator babes.
- The moon midgets help materially to
carry out the illusion of a visit to that
extinct satellite, being attired in the glis
tening spiked costumes which tradition
somehow attributes to imps -and elfins of
this "mystic variety— probably a reminis
cence of the ancient moon hoax which
convulsed the world half a century ago.
These ludicrous dwarfs, with their giant
king overseer, give the human note to
things otherwise as remote from man's
habitation as may be imagined. -
And if Chiquita is the oldest in point of
years, undoubtedly the youngest, not even
excepting the average of the -incubator
children, is Firiaco Buchana Sibanara.
This is a Filipino baby, born on the Expo
sition grounds, and on the occasion of his
first portrait taking, wrapped in the folds
of Old Glory, on the Fourth of July, was
just five days old, and the first full-blood
ed Filipino child to see the light of day
on 'American .soil. This young citizen,
named in /honor of the director general,
W. J. Buchanan, has been the. recipient/
of much attention on the part of curious
visitors at the Filipino village, and thrives
well in his thatched bamboo cabin on the
Midway. . . *
The other Filipino children, of whom
there are a number, run about In pictur-
esque costumes, ana come in Tor their
share of admiration, playing native games
and scheming to outwit the powers that be
by planning the favorite sport of the far
archipelagoes— a cock fight. Several
events have ' been attempted in obscure
nooks of, the Filipino village, but the
watchful eye of the manager in chief pre
vents any poultry bloodshed not strictly
according to New Tork laws. Many of
the Filipino children there are scions of
Kbble stock, as family trees go in our new
possession, and- are distinctly.' proud ot
their native ancestry, claiming to have
s-prung from neither Chinese nor African
forbears. The native Filipino is a very
.v^in personage, and resents the imputa
tion of^any foreign strain in his makeup.
The leap from the island of Guam to
the pampas of Mexico is a long one on
the map but a short one on the .Midway.*
"The Streets of Mexico" offer a thousand
inducements, from bull-fighting to native
music, on the queerest and most plaintive
of Instruments, and among other, features
boy singers of remarkable merit, and still
smaller boy acrobats. They are a partic
ularly picturesque little band, their, taste
running to gold braid and immense som-'
breros and their spirit- of 'mischief keeps
their managers guessing. .They are' likely
to be somewhat spoiled . children before
the days of the turnstile city are over.
From Mexico to Hawaii is another leap
of , the imagination and a two minute
walk oj the asphalt. ..Here little people
in their wildest environments are seen,
far removed from anything of; the Occi-
dental soil. The Hawaiian children are
skilled dancers and singers, writhing in
serpentine gyrations ' barefoot, on the sod
to the doubtful harmonies of shrill reed
pipes, the tomtom and the weird chorus
of- the Kanaka band.
•To - cress a narrow street here" is to
make a half-globe return journey to
Georgia, where a score of rollicking pick
aninnies sing" and dance, play craps and
do the cake walk through the day with
never a care. They are melodious little
people, too, with ¦ a repertoire of- quaint
folksongs of the sunny South that many
ha've claimed to be the only characteristic
American music that we can boast thus
far in bur national musical evolution. The
pickaninnies of the "Old Plantation" are
by no means mere hoodlum recruits of
Thompson street. They are a real fea
ture of the hoecake variety, set among
scenes of the land ot cotton and #: rahzor
backs" and lynching bees. \
They are taken at birth when th» eoa
ditions of food and air make their survival
quite 'Impossible, and saf© behind plat*
glass developed into normal babyhood.
There is no incubation about thi» ¦den
tine apparatus, yet the misnomer still
clings. Be. that as It may, all honor Is du«
to the clever Frenchman who conceived
the idea of carrying on artificially th«
¦work which nature left off with prema
ture abruptness, for the percentage of in
fant mortality haa been lowered to such
an extent since the Introduction of th« so
called incubator as to warrant the ap
proach of science to the province of actual
miracle.
mrtn, placed In a scientific machine tor
their development, and after a few months
of careful nurture restored to their moth
ers with as fair chances to survive to grood
old ages as the most normally born babel
on earth.
Little Africans, little Indians, Uttla Ori
entals—whatever the parental stock,
science is no respecter of persons, but goes
right to -work accomplishing th» miracl*
'of saving: Ufa against obstacles that isem
insurmountable and odds incalculable. But
to call them "incubator babies" Is a mis
nomer. are not incubated. llk» th»
chicken from the egg In on© of the famil
iar kerosene poultry farm machines.
tion almost every country of the globe
contributes at least a member. Some are
children in size only — men and women in
years, although tiny mites in stature
while some are young in fact and old in
experience and training.
¦ There are red Indian pappooseskfrom the
Dakotas and Arizona. There are bronze
little Cingalese from the isle of spices and
precious stones. There are pickaninnies
from- Georgia and Lilliputians from Eu
rope, little Filipinos from our new posses
sions in the Far East, right little Mexi
canos and «orobalic Japs. In fact, the
diminutive people might be said to join
hands about the entire globe.
In a matter of age perhaps dainty little
Chiquita takes precedence. She is the
smallest woman in the world— a dainty
pocket piece of humanity, perfect in fig
ure and possessing all the graces and ac
complishments of a belle of her years,
which she herself admits to the number of
thirty.
Chiquita Fpeaks three languages with
fluency, possesses a charming voice well
trained and has the actress" usual pench
ant for jewels. She is a wealthy. woman
and indulges her taste for modern enjoy
ments, and Is particularly partial to the
•wheel and the automobile, specimens of
either being often seen whirling through
the Exposition (Grounds with their fair oc
cupant.
IN the world of childhood all posterity
stands before us." said Jean Paul
Richter, and in the congress of littl€
people of the Pan-American Exposi-
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
THE LITTLE
PEOPLE
OF THE
MIDWAYSENERALLY speaking, Blck head
ache Is not a serious. affection, and
In many ! cases,- -according .to the
opinion* of the most competent
clinicians, it la best not to persist In ob
taining- a radical cure. -Headache being
the manifestation 'of a diathesis, it is bet
ter to have it than many other\forms;
whence the therapeutic consequence that,
although sick headache should be treated,
all disturbing action should be avoided. '.=
These short preliminaries render It com
prehensive that the , treatment of sick
headache, comprises three indications: (1)
the prophylaxis, (2) the treatment of 'the
painful attacks, \ (3) the treatment of the
constitutional condition upon which " the
malady. depends. -
Every one subject to sick headache
knows one "or more causes special to him
or to her that bring on the- attacks. Ot
these causes some are so commonplace
that it is Impossible to avoid them, and
others. Von ', the contrary— among them
fatigue and imprudence in diet— may be
avoided. In many cases headache is due
to troubles relating to accommodation or
refraction; in these cases a remedy must
be sought in the use of appropriate epec
tacles; s ' ; ¦.'-""••>",
At the moment when ¦ the 1 , symptoms of
a habitual headache manifest themselves
the swallowing . of certain exciting ], sub
stances, such as . black ' coffee or' an . in
fusion of tea, ; may , at times prevent the
headache from coming on.
Sometimes It Is possible to stop the at
tack when it is, only Just beginning. To
this. end inhalations of nitrate of:amyl
have been . prescribed without very, satis
factory results. ' Ergot of .- rye and nux
vomica have also been given without -any
great benefit.;. Sulphate .of ? quinine and
other quinine salts; arc more efficacious.
! But the medicines in' which thegreat
est confidence has been '^placed ' are ' anti
pyririe ' and caffeine. * Aniipyrlrie . ' is taken
In powder in [ the form of packets /of one
gramme; two,' three or- four.; of "these
packets are given. to an adult in; the first
two hour^fl^e^ti^l^^T^^'iUnJIn^
istered in tlme'antipyririe calms the ;tiead
ache, even vwhen.it does not altogether
remove it, "\;" ' . •
Caffeine should' be taken pure, either in
powderj in doses of. ten" centigrammes
every ten minutes until the pain ceases; in
a" draught, or in a hypodermic Injection. -
- But' none : of the above* means, accord
ing :to Mr. .Whitehead, ' is ;equal to one
which he prescribes, and which he asserts
has ¦ never ' failed ; ¦ him for - twenty-five
years. It is true that Mr.^Whitehead is a
surgeon, 'and that his remedy does not be
long to the arsenal of medical or, modern
therapeutics, though doctors -of the old
school made a terrible use of it, and it is
still held . in honor by .the veterinary j pro
fession; j v I prefer to . the ¦ seton of : former
days. -This ; Manchester surgeon [ asserts
that for twenty-five years past he has not
seen a case of headache,* whatever its In
tensity, '¦ that • would .resist' the ' passage of
a/seton > through the. skin at ' the nape of
the neck. ' . , : , : •:.¦"' '¦¦¦"¦,'" :}'*-.
The last case treated by him was that of
a lady who for six years past had never*
been three weeks without a crisis of such
violence that ' she remained from twelve
to twenty 'hours In a state of absolute*
prostration. . Since a seton "".' has been put
in at .the nape of the neck a few months
ago she has not' had a single attack of
headache. According to Mr,' Whitehead,
the^eton should 'remain -in place three
months without interruption. \ ' ' '
Mr.' Whitehead's method of procedure
is only to be recommended in cases where
the pain is" absolutely unbearable. In all
other cases the remedy is worse than the'
evil/;. , / ". ;.'¦',' '¦';¦'.¦ '¦¦ " ;'- :: --. .¦•;-:
As sick headache Is the consequence of
a -diathesis ' most frequently arthritic, a
general medical treatment would be de
sirable. A ; diet and habits calculated to
strengthen' the nervous system should be
prescribed if ; the headache is the expres
sion .of r hereditary neuropathy. Anaemic
arid chlorotic subjects should take ferru
ginous ; medicines, and should undergo a
hydropathic .treatment. -
ENGLISH SURGEON'S NEW METHOD OF CURING HEADACHE.
T.HE following official dispatches,
which passed between the Navy
Department and Rear Admirals AV.
T. Sampson and W. S. Schley during
the anxious days of . the latter part of
May, 189S, will throw considerable light
on the much discussed Samp^on-Schley
controversy, bearing as they do directly
upon the chat ges imputed against Schley
of misbehavior prior to the. arrival of
Sampson off Santiago on June I.
These dispatches were copied from the '
official records and are ¦ printed here
without criticism,' and with merely ex- .
planatory comment The reader is left
to form what conclusions he may from
them.
In the first place, let the situation in
the middle of May be recalled. At that
time nothing was known of the where
abouts of. Admiral .Cervera's Spanish
fleet, except that it had sailed from the
Canary Islands and was due in the West
Indies. On May 12, Sampson with a
division of the North Atlantic squadron
sought Cervera at San Juan. Porto Rico,
bombarded tha't place, and not finding
the Spanish squadron there started back
for his station off Havana. Schley, with
the flying squadron, was then at Hamp
ton Roads. On May 13-a press boat re
. ported to Sampson that Cervera had re
turned to Cadiz, but on the 15th it was ;
authoritatively - announced that the
Spaniards were at Curacao. Schley was *
then immediately ordered to Key. West.
Sampson on the 16th cabled to Captain
Cotton c f the Harvard, one of the swift
scouts, giving him this information, add
ing: .. • -
"Destination unknownr Probably
Santiago de Cuba or San Juan, Porto
Rico." : '-;•*: ¦)¦ .'«
* Both sides of Cuba having to be
guarded, Sampson took Havana and the
north side^ sending Schley to the south,
with theifpllowing orders:
"Sir: I send you a copy of a telegram
received last night from the Secretary,
concerning a vessel which was to sail on .
the 15th, and carrying ajarge amount of
specie, and is supposed to be going to
land it at Trinidad, or - to the east' of
Cienfuegos. This may be a blind,, how
ever, and the vessel may be bound for
Cienfuegos, or even Havana.
- "Two cruisers will be sent out to-day,
with the torpedo-boats following them.
' As soon as the Iowa is coaled she will ;
follow them.'n*^
"It is unnecessary focine to say that
you should establish a blockade at-Cien
fuegos with the least possible delay, and
that it should be maintained as close as
possible.
•"Should the Spanish vessels show
themselves in that vicinity, and finding
you on the lookout attempt to come
around the island, whether east or west,
please send me notice by the best vessel
you have for that purpose, as to their di
rection'that I may be prepared for them
at Havana. /
"I will try and increase the number of
light vessels at your disposal, in order
that you may have them to send with
messages to me in case you desire to
do so.
"After I have the situation more in
hand I will write you and give you >any
information that suggests* itself.
"Very respectfully,
"W. T-CAMPSON,;^/-;
"Rear Admiral."
Schley sailed,from Key West, in obe
dience to these orders, on. May 19, his
squadron fully coaled, and taking 4500
tons of coal along in the collier Merri
mac. The- same day Cervera entered
Santiago, and the news was wired to
# Washington.
On the 20th the Navy Department
sent this telegram to Admiral Sampson:
"""V report of the Spanish fleet being
at Santiago de Cuba might very well be
correct, so the department strongly ad
vises that you send immediately by the
Iowa to Schley orders to proceed off
Santiago de Cuba with his whole com-* 1
mand, leaving one small vessel off Cien
fuegos. If Iowa has gone, send order to
Schley by fastest dispatch vessel."
Sampson answered this thus:
"Replying to department's telegram
of the 20th, after duly considering the
information therein contained. I have
decided to follow the plan already adopt
ed to hold position with
Brooklyn, Massachusetts, Texas and the
Iowa, Marblehead, Castine, Dupont and
two auxiliaries. There remain the New
York, Indiana and monitors for Havana.
The latter very inefficient and should not
be sent fronibase. Have directed- Schley
to communicate with auxiliaries at San.
tiago and direct} one of * them, to report
to department from Mole'lSt. Nicholas)
or Cape Haitien, then to return to San
tiago and further report at Cienfuegos
or Havana as he thinks, best Plans may
be changed when it becomes certain that
Spanish ships are at Santiago." ,
doubt sent out for the* purpose of mis
leading us.
"The Iowa is coaling to-day, having
reached this station with only about half
of her coal supply."
Accompanying the above was an
other of the same date, saying: -
"Steamer Adula, chartered by Consul
Dent, with proper papers from U. S.
State Department to carry neutrals from
Cienfuegos, was stopped, off this port
ing in communication with Havana,
woull be better for their purposes, if \t
was left exposed, and , I think that we
ought to be very careful how we receive
information from Havana, which is no
"Off Cienfuegos, Cuba, May 22, 1898
—Arrived May 21 off Cienfuegos, Cuba.,
v Standing in to-day, *May 22. within
yaVds entrance, found them min
ing. •. Cannot say whether Spanish fleet ;
in port or not. The anchorage not vis
ible from entrance. Iowa* and Dupont
arrived to-day. Expect difficulty here,
will be to. coal from colliers in constant
heavy "swell. Other problem easy com
pared; with this one, so' far, from base."
* As spon as Sampson got this, 'he huf-.
ried. the Vesuvius, which brought it.,
back. with the following dispatch for the
scouts" $ale, St. Paul and. Minneapolis:
; ."Spanish squadron in Santiago, s If
Schley has hot arrived there, go to Cien
fuegos and inform him." - , ¦¦
/The same day (May 26) the Dolphin
brought tlils dispatch from Schley, dated
May 23:, . ¦,*"¦•
"Sir — In reply to your letter No. 8, L
would state 'that I am by no means satis^
fied that the Spanish squadron is not in
CienfuegosL The large amount of smoke
seen' in the harbor would indicate the
presence of a number .'of -'vessels,', and
under such circumstances, it .would seem
to be extremely unwise to chase up a.
probability at Santiago de Cuba, re
ported via Havana, no doubt as a ruse.
"I shall therefore remain off this port
/with this squadron, availing myself of
Svery opportunity for coaling and keep
ing it ready for, any emergency. . ,
• .-"Regarding the inclosed information
from Captain McCalla, I would state'
that ; I. ..went* . twice ¦?.; yesterday ' close
,ih to rthe:" 1 - mouth of the harbor,
= the . .first •'':; time-" about - 2000; yards,
the second "time within .. about 1400
yards"/ but ." saw np 1 evidence v' of any
. masked batteries near. the entrance. Well
up the river, across theirrtorpedb mine,
fields, now laid across the. mouth of trie
harbor, there is a new battery construct
ed, hardly, within range from, mouth of
river.
' "The Castine, Merrimac arid Hawk ar
rived this niorning, .and I send the
Hawk back with these dispatches.
"Last night I sent. the Scorpion east'
to Santiago de Cuba, to communicate
with' the scouts off that port, . with in
structions if they were-.not there to re
turn at once to me here, and, I expect
Her back day after to-morrow: !
"I am further satisfied that the desti
nation of the Spanish fleet is; either
Cienfuegos or Havana. This point, be-
On May 21, Sampson sent to
by the Marblehead the following (the
often mentioned "Letter No. 8"):
"Spanish squadron probably at San
tiago de Cuba! Four ships and three
torpedo-boat destroyers. If you are sat
isfied they are not at " Cienfuegos, pro
ceed with all' dispatch, but cautiously, to ¦
Santiago dc Cuba, and if the enemy is.
there, blockade him in port.-/ You will
"probably find it necessary to establish,
communication with some of the inhabi
tants—fishermen and others, to learn
definitely th*at the ships are in port, it
being impossible- to see into it from the
outside. * - . •;••
"When the (duplicate), instructions
sent by the Iowa and Dupont were writ
ten,.! supposed that two fast scouts
would be in the'vicinity of Jamaica, but
I have since ledrned that they have been
ordered by the department to touch with
the Spanish fleet on the north coast 'of
Venezuela. I have just telegraphed them
to report for orders at Nicholas Mole."
' LateV, on the 21st, to make doubly
sure, Sampson senjt a duplicate of "Let
ter No.' 8". bythe' Hawk, adding:
"It is thought the inclosed ins\ruc
•tiotis \\x\\ 'reach you by,2^mj May. 23.
This will enable j'ou to leave-before day
. light, so ttiat your direction may not be
noted, and- be at Santiago," a. ; m;, May
24.' ¦-¦ ;¦- '-'- '¦¦'¦¦'¦¦.. " ;. :^; ¦.¦-;¦¦/:•;"¦¦ ¦ ;:
"It is thought the Spanish. squadron
would probably be. still at^Santiago, as
they must- have : some" repairs, to^ make
and. coal to take, rvV'^ :;¦',
: v "The:St< Paul and Minneapolis, have
been telegraphed to ; scout off SantiagO; v
and if the. Spanish squadrofT^oes west
ward, one is to keep in touch, and one
is to go west and attempt to meet your
if the Spanish squadron goes east, one
will keep in touch and the other go, to
St. Nicholas Mole, to . telegraph me at
Key West. I shall be off Cay Frances,
200 miles east of Havana. If you"arrive
off Santiago and no scout, meets you,
send a vessel to call at Nicholas Mole
and get information to be left there by
scout as to direction taken by Spanish,
in case they may have left Santiago de^
Cuba. r . \
"The Yale has been ordered to cruise
in the Bahama Channel until May. 24.
1 It is thought possible that the Spanish,
hearing of your departure from Cien
fuegos, may attempt to go there (Baha
ma Channel).
"If this word does not reach you be
fore daylight, it is suggested that you
mask your real direction as .much as
possible. Follow the Spanish squadron,
whichever direction they take."
On May 22 Schley wrote the following
dispatch to Sampson (via Key West),
and the latter received it on the 26th in
Nicholas Channel (north coastof Cuba),
whither he had gone on May 23 to in
tercept the Spanish fleet should they at
tempt to pass to the northward from
Santiago.' He had received positive in
formation then that they were in San
tiago. This is Schley's dispatch, the
first Sampson received from him:
this j morning. She had no -'cargo and
was permitted to enter." \ „._ , ; . .
"She reports ;that ;. she left San
tiago de Cuba 4:30 p. mi -May 18, and
that night she saw the lights; of ¦ seven"
vessels, seventy miles toUhe southward
of Santiago. Next' day ''(Thursday ,-.
May 1 19), at Kingston, cable reported
.Spanish .fleet at Santiago. . Friday, May
20-: the 'fleet was reported to , have left
Santiago. -;' : ' , . . ¦
>:."Now; Saturday, May. 2i, : when about
forty ,' miles southwest of this "port, I
heard, from the bridge of this vessel
(the flagship Brooklyn), firing of, guns
toward' Cienfuegos, which I interpreted
as a welcome to the Spanish fleet, and
the news .this morning by the Adula
convinces me that the fleet is here.
¦-'.'Latest' was bulletin, from Jamaica ¦
received this morning, asserting that the
fleet had left Santiago. I think I have,
them. here almost to a certainty."
.'Upon receipt of this Sampson, on the
27th,; sent the following to Schley ¦ by
the Wasp:
" "ST.- NICHOLAS" CHANNEL,
. ¦: ¦¦•¦/ ¦'¦¦; '¦ .'• ¦¦¦'¦' - "May 27, 1.898.
! .. "Sir: 'Every report, and particularly
confidential, reports, state Spanish
squadron has been in Santiago de Cuba
from the 19th to 25th instants, inclusive.
the 25th being date of last report.
"You will please proceed with all pos
sible dispatch- to Santiago to blockade
that pert. If, on arrival there, you re
ceive positive, information of the Span-^
ish shipsy having left; you will- follow
"them in pursuit."*. ,;,i V
Hardly had tJieaboWbeen sent than
Sampson (the same day) received". the
following, from Schley, dated May 24,
off jCienfuegos,; Cuba: , •.;•,,,¦< . ' >x ¦:
. "Coaling off Cienfuegos is .very ,un
• certain. .,-One;collier is not sufficient for
the 'work, when it is possible to coal. In
greatneed of two more for this squad
_ron; thoroughly equipped with hoisting
. engines, buckets, etc., for utmost dis
patch. The Stirling, not having hoist
ing engines, could not- be'. useful! /Rec
ommend that sh'e discharge cargo at
Key West. I would suggest quality must
be equal to best Pocahontas coal for this
work.; Every collier should carry sey-'
eral thousand gallons of oil. also three
6r '.four compressed balls as fenders, to
prevent accidents. I have communicat
ed with insurgents to-day, and have sup
plied ., ammunition and ; dynamite, also,
clothing. . • -
"Have ascertained that the Spanish
fleet is not here, and I will move; east
ward to-morrow, communicating with
you from St. Nicholas mole. '
"On account; of short coal supply can
not blockade them if in Santiago.
' "I shall proceed to-morrow off San
tiago, being embarrassed, however, by
the Texas' short coal supply and her
inability to coal in the open sea.. I shall
not- be able to remainoff that port on
account of general short coal supply of
squadron So will proceed to vicinity
of ; St., Nicholas mole, where the water
is smooth, and I can coal : Texas and
other ships with what may remain in
collier. Will communicate with you
from St. Nicholas mole.",
, ¦- When' Sampson received this letter,
.which tie did in Nicholas Channel on the "
27th, he decided to. hurry to Key West .
withthe. New York, coal, and. if author-'
ized by the department, proceed himself
at once to Santiago, but first sending
the New Orleans off to Schley with
these orders to her commanding officer,'
Captain Folger: .
"Sir: You will proceed to Santiago
de Cuba to convoy the collier Stirling. I
You will communicate with Commodore
Schley and direct him to remain on the
blockade of Santiago at all hazards, as
suming that the Spanish vessels are, in
that port.
': "TelL him that I desire that he use
the collier Stirling (the Merrimac was
substituted later) to obstruct the chan
nel at its narrowest part, leading into
this harbor. Inform him that I believe
it . would be perfectly practicable to
steam this vessel into position and drop
: all her anchors, allow her to • ; swing
across the channel, then sink her, either
by opening the valves or whatever
means may be. best in his judgment.
"Inform Commodore Schley that the
details of this phn are left ,to his judg
ment. In the meantime he must exer
cise the utmost care that none of* the
vessels in. port are allowed: to escape..
And say to the commodore that I have
; the utmost confi dence^in his ' ability to
carry this plan to a successful conclusion
- and earnestly wish him good luck."
-Instead of waiting for. the 25th Schley,
with his squadron, left. Cienfuesos at 8
p. m.y on the 24th.. " Forty-eight l hours
later '(8 p. in. the""26tfi). ¦¦Vhe'n twenty
two miles SSE. of the entrance to, San-f
~ ; tiago harbor, Schley made the-following.
signal to the" squadron:-.
- "Destination Key West, via south/side,
of Cuba Yucatan Channel, as soon
as collier is ready." Speed nine knots."
However, the collier (the Merrimac)
broke down again, and the departure
for Key West was postponed. , .. .
— Sampson arrived at Key West on May
28, where he received orders from
Washington to be ready to convoy the
army transports from Tampa to Cuba, :
: "with the New York, Oregon
and as many smaller vessels with good 1
.batteries as possible, going in person;"
and alqng the r.orthside of Cuba, v
Sampson wired to Schley the same
day thus: . ._
"The New Orleans will meet you off
Santiago with important dispatches.
The Spanish squadron must be block
aded at all hazards. Immediate commu
nications with persons on shore must be
entered upon. You must be sure of the
Spanish squadron-being in port. I sug-
gest communicating £ with . Spanish-
American "Company's pier at Baiquiri
Bay, at a distance'of fifteen miles east of
Santiago de Cuba. One collier' for you
left yesterday. - Shall send, as soon as
possible, another. If Spanish squadron'
has left Santiago immediate pursuit
must be made." ' K . ' '¦'.
At midnight (May 28) the following
telegram ;from Secretary Long was re
ceived by Sampson:
Sampson arrived • off Santiago on
June 1 and the rigid blockade of the en
suing month was inaugurated. Hobson
took the Merrimac in four days later
and sank her. Guantanamo was seized
a week later and used as a base, the ves
sels coaling there singly, although often
doing so in the open sea off Santiago.
"Enemy in port. Recognized Cristobal
Colon and Infanta Maria Teresa and
two torpedo boats moored inside Mor-
f ro, behind point. Doubtless the others
are there. We are short cf coal. Using
every effort to get coal in. Have about
3000 tons of coal in collier, but not easy
to get on board here. If no engage
ment ne*t two or three days_ Sampson's
squadron could relieve ; this one to coal
at Gonaives or vicinity of Port au
Prince. Brooklyn, Iowa. Massachu
setts, Texas, Marblehead and Vixen and
collier compose squadron here."
Sampson left, at once for Santiago in
the New York, accompanied by the
Oregon, Mayflower and Porter.
Under date ofHthe 29th Schley cabled
to the Navy Department:
"You carry out recommendations to
go yourself with two ships to Santiago
de Cuba. Act at your discretion, with
the object of blockading Spanish divi
sion as soon as possible. Goodrich re
ports Guantanamo . very weak. The
seizure of it immediately is recom
mended."'
Just after this was sent Sampson re
ceived, in answer to his telegrams of
that morning, the following dispatch
from Secretary. Long:
"Congratulate you on success. Main
tain "close blockade at all hazards, es
pecially at night. Very little to fear
from torpedo-boat destroyers. Coal in
open sea whenever conditions permit.
Send a" ship to examine Guantanamo,*
with view to occupying it as a base,
coaling one heavy ship at a time."
"'Collier now has been repaired tem
porarily and able to make six or seven
knots. - Shall I endeavor to coal ¦ the
Marblehead and Texasain the open sea
and retain position off Santiago until
coal supply larger vessels has given up
* * * known what safe limit shall
go there to Gonaives, Hayti: or coast
near or near Port au Prince to coal * *
occurring yesterday the. Marble
head and Texas took a quantity of coal
at a distance of about $wenty^five miles
. west of > Santiago, which enables me to
hold place until coal has been reduced.
* * * force me over to Hayti to re
plenish * i*. r * collier well equipped
to report at Gonaives, Hayti. urgently
' needed to coal * * * vessel when
chance occurs. Need another auxiliary
for picket duty and communication. I
"send Minneapolis and Yale to . Key
West. St.Paul off Santiago still. Re
pairs of Merrimac machinery completed
by the Brooklyn. St. Paul. May 26.
captured British collier bound in with
coal, .evidently for fleet, collier having
touched at San Juan and Curacao."
(The omitted parts of the above are
unintelligible in the original cipher.) -
\ Immediately upon receipt of this
Sampson cabled to Schley:
Still later on the 29th received the
following. dispatch from Schley. dated
off Santiago: " ..
"Referring to my telegram of ,tb!s
date, I urge immediate reply to my last
paragraph. Failure of Schley to con-,
tiiiue blockade must be remedied at
once, if possible. There can be no
doubt of presence of Spanish squadron
at Santiago."
"Answering telegram, first question,
three days. I can blockade indefinitely.
Think that can occupy Goantanamo.
Would like to start at once with New
York "and Oregon, arriving in two days.
Do not quite understand the necessity
'of awaiting arrival of Schley. txit wonld
propose meeting and turning: back the
principal part of the force tinder his
command if he has left. Try to bold
hyn- by telegraph. Watson will be in
charge of everything afloat : (about Ha
vana)." Does department approve pro
posed action?" .. - .
Later (29th), receiving no answer to
the above, Sampson wired to Long:--..
Sampson answered this as follows:
"There is one collier en route to Molt.
Hayti,: from Norfolk, and another; one
has been ordered there from Key, West,
and others will ' be sent immediately.
Con?ider'if you could seize Guantanamo
and occupy as a coaling station. Schley
has not ascertained Spanish
division is at -Santiago. ' All information
here seems to show that it is there.*"
"Schley telegraphs from Santiago he
goes to Key v West with his squadron
for coal, although he has '4000 tons. ''in a
broken-down collier. (1) How soon,
after arrival of' Schley at j Key -West,
could you reach Santiago -with New
York, Oregon, Indiana and some light
ers? i (2) And how long: could yoa
blockade there, sending yosur vessels
singly to coal from our colliers in
Gonaives, Hayti;'. Nipe, Cuba, or else-
.THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
OFFICIAL DISPATCHES THAT PASSED
BETWEEN SAMPSON AND SCHLEY.
tbe : /Merits of the Casei >THB 017RDJLY GALL*
12NEW PRESIDENT OF .THE . SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, ; TOGETHER
WITH HIS PREDECESSOR AND TWO OFFICIALS WHO FIGURE PROM
INENTLY IN EXECUTIVE REORGANIZATION OF THE TRANSPORTA
TION CORPORATION. FOUNDED BY COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON
Continued^ oh Page Nineteen.
Continued on Page Sixteen*
• ; The Southern Pacific road lost 'one of. Its
most > important . men ,.when ; ¦ Epes r Rarl^
dolph ; left the ¦ service, at ; the request of
'-'."'.> -f '.'"::¦. '• ¦ .. ' -.¦¦¦¦
¦ '¦¦ '-'• i\ ',..'¦¦ -.''it.''. ',' ¦:
;-. Shortly after Hays assumed office, J.'B.
"Wright, division superintendent of Sacra
mento, was- removed * for | "political rea
sons."''^.; '¦,'¦' f '¦ .' '\ i *,'[ ;...',.- ',
• When the ' James • Speyer syndicate," that
did business with Collis P. Huntington for
a year before; his : death;^selected HayVfor
president itiwas. with .the avowed deter
mination', of . : keeping- .the • Southern' Pacific'
road . "out of politics." .' '-. V .; "¦¦;¦¦. ¦¦',
Felton is. looked 'upon in the 1 railroad
world as one of the greatest diplomats of
the times, i Not only., has . he. like -other
leaders, grown ,: up 'in railroad work,-' but
he has made, a 'name for himself , as ¦ a
politician and ."puller; of political ; wires.?
He has the . record of "having done in; the
State of. Illinois ; what; the, late Collis"; P,
Huntington did in California.
lect "one of its own."
The Harrlman syndicate : made Samuel
Morse Felton thepresident of the Chicago
and Alton road, and it is '. only natural; to
suppose, taking into 'consideration the re
lations of . Nephew Huntington § and . the
Harrlman syndicate,' that young ,Hunting
ton used every endeavor" to get Hays oust
ed and have" the* Harrimah' : syndicate se-
Gossip says that.' ; Nephew Huntington,
afHllated.with the ,Harr!man syndicate in
the Union— Paciflci road,- proceeded to
."wield the ' hammer", to the j detriment of
President Hays of the Southern. Pacific. /
Hays a Victim of "Hammering."
which the Vanderbllts secured control of
the Union Pacific road, and H. E. : Hunt
ington possessed .large' holdings in that
line.' -.' ¦' ¦;¦ ¦ '." ' '•''¦¦•¦. . '¦•.'¦¦¦
On February 2 of this year the positive
news was announced that the Interests In
the' Southern Pacific road of the Hunting
tons, Crockers, Searles . and" Stanfords
estates had . been sold . ; to the : great ; Van
derbllt-Harrlman combine, that meant a
direct line from New York to ; San Fran
cisco via > the Union " Pacific'^ The 5 Harri
man - syndicate ' engineered '"'.the • deal-; by^
The selection 'of ,' Hays for : the- presi
dent's chair and the "turning down" of
Nephew Huntington led to many predic
tions In railroad .circles. On ; all sides
statements , were made that : Nephew Hunt
ington'would "get even" and secure the
downfall of Hays. ~ • ,
Nephew Huntington; . recognized- as a
great railroad manager and sincere friend
to California,- had exrected for many
years . that the toga of. his distinguished
uncle'- would fall upon his shoulders | and
when he was given . the "overlook" he
"sulked-llke Achilles in his tent."
There was a "nigger in the woodpile,"
however. "When the "James Speyer syn
dicate, controlling the bulk. of the South
ern Pacific stock, ¦ selected Hays as pres
ident of the' road, \ the Eastern' combine
overlooked the well-earned merits of-H.
E. ; Huntington, nephew of the deceased
president of .the line. • •
day of the present year one of his first
acts' was to announce that the "road was
out of politics." Not: only in intervlewa
with the press but at the public banquet
board the new president declared his pol
icy. ..There 'was joy in the heart . of the
farmer and chagrin in the breast of the
country politician. The one was to re
ceive the benefit of good railroad service,'
while the other realized that his "perqui
sites" were to be cut off. .:<< V
'He entered • .the railway . service In
August, 1868, . from ; which . time to . 1S70
he. was rodman\ to. the-. Chester
Creek Railroad. From 1870 to 1871 he was
leveler and v ' assistant! engineer a to the
Lancaster i road. .; ,In the i, summer, of :. 1872
he was engineer in charge of. the surveys
of the Chester and Paoli Railroad. : From
1873 to 1874 ,; he l.waa. chief enrineer of the
Chester ,; and Delaware ; -River . Railroad.
From ,;August, 1S74,- to September, 1SS1, he
t was; general superintendent of the : Pitts
burgh Cincinnati and St. -Louis Railway.
From September/ 1881, to January. 1882, ha
i SamuelMorse Felton, who will be the
next , president . of . the Southern Pacific
Railroadpwas born on February 3 lS'i 1
in Philadelphia, Pa.
Proud Career of Felton.
• "With the induction of Samuel Morse
Felton into office ; as ... president of tne
Southern Pacific system the "old-timers"
will be on .deck once again and business
will be carried oh' under the basis of the
former motto of Collis P. Huntington.
which was that the traffic should bV
forced to . the . point of carrying all It
would. bear. . .- ' • . . ¦
! Hays had so little to say in the affairs
of the • Southern Pacific that when he
backed Kruttschnitt up in the matter of
closing the ferry-boat bars the political
pull .was. so strong Hays was obliged
to cancel' the ''order.
Hays Only e Figurehead.
Hays meant well enough, but he "was
not the master of his own wishes. He
was subordinate to those of the syndicate
that gave him a job worth $65,000 a year.
Though Hays has been president of the
Southern Pacific system for six months or
more, he has not spent a month in the
State of California: The bulk of his time
has been spent in traveling on special
trains/going East to appear "on the car
pet" before the syndicate that selected
him and that did not approve heartily of
his methods.
The "lion and the lamb" were to He
down in peace; that is, the farmer and
the railroad man were to give each other
the "glad hand." If faith was to be placed
in the banquet utterances of President
Hays. -V»"?
One and all were led to believe
when Hays assumed the presidency that
he would paint the word "elyslum" all
over the State.
The forthcoming shake-up In the man
agement of the Southern Pacific system
means a disappointment to the people of
California.
will have, to • call at the Union. Trusi
building on Market street and make his
"kowtow" to the "boss of the passes."
'A' statement; can. be looked' for' in: a* few
days'that will allay, the fears of .the'rhany
friends of ;W.;H. '.Mills. 'The change ' In
the j presidency.." will - see - Mills ; once < again
In , the position . that -he occupied '.during
the regime /of ; Collis • P.: Huting'ton: / In
other.words,' the , country ¦ newspaper man
desirous . of ,*; securing ' accommodation on
the '- trains of the " Southern ' Pacific ' system
J W.;H. Mills on i Beck; Again.
; With! the general shake-up that will take
¦ place In' the Southern Pacific with the in
troduction'; of,: Samuel -Morse ¦' Felton; 'us
•president of ."the. road ; about the only per
son .who feels safe in h'is position is "glad
hand' V McCormick. . -He :. is .resting com
fortably,;, under '. the '.wirig ; of i Stubbs, who
is on <the tidal .wave of. prosperity. :
i The positive 'statement- is made that
Hood's department will be absorbed by
the chief .'engineer's, department'; of-.the
Union' Pacific and - hereafter' all- matters
peftaining^to \the engineer's department
will-be* 'dictated from ; the offices In
Omaha. : ; ' • ;;....
Unless Chief 'Engineer' Hood . of the
Southern Pacific 1 system; is willing to": be
a ; subordinate ; he will have to look else
where^ for a position. ' -¦¦.-; ' ¦ :. • " •
¦ With the selectlqn.of Samuel Morse Fel
ton as president of the" Southern Pacific
Railroad there .can .be _' no: doubt that
the Union \ Pacific j Railroad ha3 ' absorbed
the , California " system and ' the j policy r of
the . local railroad "will be /dictated ; here
after from the headquarters of the Union
Pacific lines in \ Omaha. . .
.The 'well-known ': political 'abilities of
Samuel . Morse Felton are looked upon in
the railroad .world as' the reason for.: his
selection,' and! because as the president of
the Southern' Pacific he can keep the "old
timers" - hard at work, "doing politics."
It is a" foregone conclusion that when
President : Hays vacates his position in
favor, of Samuel Morse Felton • he will be
accompanied by General Manager Krutt
schnitt and that Nephew Huntington
will dangle Kruttschnitt's scalp at t his
belt and .boast -that he has ousted his
former antagonist. ;
| -The .many .removals of "old timers" is
credited to r the influence with -Hays of
General. ; Manager Kruttschnitt, whose
relations with young Huntington have not
always been of the most cordial nature.
Kruttschnitt Must Get Out.
r Randolph is. a, warm personal friend of
H., E. . Huntington and his interests have
always- been watched' by the nephew of
Collis P.. Huntinston. / .
Nephew Huntinstcjn, to take charge oJ
the Huntington street car lines , in Los
Angeles and the surrounding territory.
Claims.
When Hays assumed office as president
the Southern Pacific! road on' the first ;
"When Collis P. Huntington died on Au
gust 14, 1900, the Speyer syndicate of the
Southern Pacific road looked around for
a suitable president. After . canvassing
the merits of the likely "timber" Charles
Melville 'Hays was selected. Born in 1856,
he had grown up In the railroad service
of various roads, and his success as gen
eral manager of .the Grand Trunk ' Rail
road system induced the Southern Pacific
syndicate to select him as tHe man who
should wield the baton so long held by
Collis P. Huntington.
Overlooked Young Huntington's
With the accession of Samuel Morse
Felton as president of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, the corporation will resume
business in the political field of Califor
nia and hang- its legal shingle out at "the
same old stand," as it was wont to do
when the late Collis P. Huntington con
trolled its affairs.
The men who have "been forced out of
the Southern Pacific Railroad in the last
few months under the regime of Hays are
likely to assume their old positions once
again, and those who were in sympathy
with Hays will be asked by the new presi
dent, Felton, to "take your clothes and
Chiof among those who will be given
their "walking papers" will bo the pres
ent general manager of the Southern Pa
ciflc, Julius Kruttschnitt, who was the
main Instigator of causing Hays to hand
around the "blue envelopes."
The outgoing \tt Hays and the Incoming
of Felton in the chair of president of the
Southern Pacific road form "one -of the
most important features of the battles
that have been waged In the affairs of
the corporation.
Will Stay in Politics.
When Hays was selected to fill the po
sition of president of the road in succes
sion to the late Collis P. Huntington ' he
announced on assuming office that the
railroad was and would stay "out of poli
tics," and a thrill of joy -went through
the community of the entire State.
After an experiment of some months
Hays has found that the Interests op
posed to his policy of keeping the railroad
out of the political arena are too much
for him. The pressure brought to bear
against Hays has been so strong that he
will give up a five-year contract with. the
Southern Pacific, carrying with it an an
nual salary of $65,000. \
The 8 selection of Felton as president o*
the Southern Pacific road and the retire
ment of 'Hays, when divested of all the
intricacies of railroad diplomacy, \ mean
that, the Southern Pacific Railroad will
stay In politics in the State of California.
his successor will be Samuel
Morse Felton, the president of the Chi
cago and Alton Railroad Company, now
located in Chicago.
THE resignation of Charles M.
Hays as president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad is an as
sured fact and it can be stated
on most positive authority that
At the time of the collision nearly all
the passengers were inside the car, not
more than two or three being on the plat
forms. JCot one of them had the slightest
warning of the accident or any chance to
inake en escape. The crash on the wooden
ga.t«s as the car broke through them was
the first intimation of danger, but before
they could leave their seats the collision
Jtru2 occurred.
The noise of the collision and the
pcreanis of the passengers pinned down
In the -wreckage quickly brought a large
crowd to the scene and ambulances and
patrol wagons were soon at the place.
The car was so badly smashed that it
took but a. short time to remove the dead
and dying.
? Towerman Albert Haas of. the railroad
declared that the gates were 'down and
as the car passed the crossing he could
see Bowman tugging at the brakes and
beard him shout that he could not stop
tbe car. TThe trainmen are not blamed for
the accent. f&Sm
passengers, *»«Tn» up to the tracks to
night from t>aj -west. The gates across
the street car'^^fc -were down, as a pas
senger train was moving rapidly south.
"Whether the motorman, "Willis Bowman,
¦was unable to control his car or whether
he became confused and turned on the
current is a. matter of doubt. The car
paused a moment as it approached the
tracks, but before Conductor Fulton could
alight to run ahead of the car according
to the usual custom there came a violent
fcsrch, the car shot forward, passed rap
idly across two intervening tracks and
crashed into the passenger train.
Passengers in "Whirling Car.
Had the car struck a passenger coach in
tbe sid* the loss of life would not have
been so great, but it struck between the
rear end of the second coach and the
front end of the third. It was caught up.
-whirled around, turned bottomside up and
carried fifty feet south of the crossing in
a ievr eeconds.
The accident occurred at Forty-seventh
street and Stewart aveiiue, -where a large
number of railroad tracks run north and
south -with the street level.' Across these
the street car line runs at right angles.
It is the custom of the conductors to run
ahead of their cars and, standing upon
the tracks, to signal the motorman to ad
vance or remain stationary, according to
the absence or presence of approaching
trains. The car. -which \ras filled with
CHICAGO, JVng. 17. — By the collision" cf
m. trolley car on the Forty-eerenth street
: line- irtth a rapidly moving passenger train
on the Pennsylvania Railroad to-hlght
. eleven people -were Injured and four killed.
The dead are:
FREDERICK O. EDWARDS. 37 years
•Old. *''\*'
HARBIET ST7TCXJFFE, 50 years old.
IDA H. OSTER, 29 years old. of Con
necticnt-
VN'Hrpvri t-'iKr> TVO3IAU, 25 years old.
The injured are: "Willis Bowman, mo
' tinnau, fatally; Luther Jacison, Inter
nally injured and ribs broken; Mary
O'ilaHey, left arm broken and head cut;
Kate Greenfield, both legs broken and in
ternal injuries; Marian Branard, cut on
head and shoulders; James Gillette, cut
about face and head; V- -P. Fulton; con
ductor of «ax. slightly cut; Margaret
T>vryer. internal injuries; Mrs. Lizzie
Coale. three ribs broken; Dr. Clarissa
Bi^elorr. left thigh broken; 3. Broadwltz,
lefr leg broken.
Car Speeds to Destruction.
Article 3— The presidents, of the states, the
Governor of the Federal district and Govern
ors of the Federal territories shall regulate this
present decree in their respective Jurisdiction
' Article 2— The rights of Venezuelans referred
to In the same constitution are also suspended
in the rest, of the states of the republic. Fed
eral district and ' national territories.
-The Federal executive, of the United States of
Venezuela, using tbe attributes conferred upon
him in number 21 of article 83 of the National
Constitution, and considering that public pea.es
has been disturbed In the towns of the Vene
zuelan frontier of the State of Tachira by aa
inva'sion.in arms frpm Colombia: . .
Article 1— The rights referred to in the Na
tional Constitution are hereby suspended In the
State cf Tachira. Merlda, TruJIllo and Mar
acaibo.
Eights of .Constitution Suspended.
The other decree Is signed by President
Castro and his entire Cabinet and says:
DR. A.JTRUBEI. ARENIA.
Given at the Government Palace at Mara
caibo, en this 27th day of July, 19C1, 9Ut year
of Independence and 43d . of federation.
DIOGA BAUTISTA FERRERA.
(Countersigned) • The Secretary Genera!.
¦Article 3— The Secretary of State la ; ¦ en
charged .with the execution of this decree and
will communicate the same and publicly
diffuse It in order that It may be- known to
alL " . - • ¦ V
Article 2— The comolsrnentary dispositions
shall be dictated by the Secretary of State.
of the State of Zulla.
Article 1— Until peace la restored I declare
suspended the guarantees, referred to In ' the
General Dioga Bautlsta Ferrera. Provisional
President of the State of 'zulia: Considering
that the peace in general has been greatly
disturbed by an Invasion of Venezuelan terri
tory with an armed force of Colombians, com
manded by the traitor Carlos Rangel Garbiras,
as per declaration issued yesterday by the
Provisional President of the republic and In
compliance with the disposition on public order
therein specified, suspending the rlshts and
guarantee referred to . In the national" consti
tuon: i
President Castro's Decrees.
The Venezuelan Government has issued
the two following decrees:
. Invaders Are Repulsed.
. The Department of State has received
a dispatch dated August 1 from the Con
sul at Maracaibo reporting: that Dr. Ran
gel Garbiras has invaded Venezuela with
4000 men from the frontier of Cucuta.
Everything was done by the Venezuelan
Government to meet the invaders.
The first fight took place at Encontra
dos and the invaders were obliged to re
tire. SuS
The invaders took two steamers to come
to Maracaibo, but these boats were re
captured by the' Venezuelan troops.
Consequently she will remain at San
Francisco only long enough to replenish
her coal supply. It will take her about
thirteen days to make the run and she is
expected to arrive at Panama about Au
gust 31. ¦•¦ In the meantime the Ranger,
which sailed from San Diego to-day, wt!l'
have reached there and the Philadelphia,
which is at San Francisco, is under" orders
to prepare for service ai Panama. This
will give the United States an ample
force on the Pacific side of the Isthmus,
the Machias Is the only vessel thus far
under order's to go to Colon on the At
lantic side. She Is expected to arrive at
that port not later than Sunday. August
25. In the meantime the department has
.under consideration the ordering of one
or more vessels from the North Atlantic
squadron to Colon. Whether these ordftra
will be Issued or not will depend upon
Secretary Hay. Hia advice will be fol
lowed by the Navy Department and he
will be given as many ships as he may
consider necessary.
The battleship Iowa . reported her ar
rival at San Francisco late last night, and
as soon as the Navy Department opened
this morning orders^ were telegraphed her
to proceed at once to Panama.
Will Beach Panama in Thirteen Daya.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W.1 WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.-Secretary
Hay is not at all alarmed by the reports
from Berlin that Germany is sending war
ships to the Atlantic side of the Isthmus
and that the cruiser Gler is to go to Man
ama as soon as she can be spared from
the China station. It is not expected that
any occasion will arise which would jus
tify German intervention, and it Is uot
believed that the German Government
would go so iar as io Intervene without
justification. However this may be the
United States will have warships on both
sides of the Isthmus before the arrival of
the German ships and will be in a position
to take whatever action may be necessary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
lien and Women Crushed Beneath
¦flie Wreckage and Many Sus
tain Injuries That May
Prove FataL
to Flight.
From Venezuela Come3 a Esport That
the Invaders Are Def sated in
Battle and Speedily Put • :- •
"Trolley Vehicle Races Into
the Rapidly Moving
Train.
Battleship Iowa Is Ordered to
Procesd at Once to the
Isthmus.
Four Lives Lost in Ter
rible Collision in
Chicago.
American Warships Will
Reach Panama Before
the Kaiser's.
WHIRLING CAR
BRIGS DEATH
TD PASSENGERS
UNITED STATES
ABLE TO COPE
WITH GERMANY
SAMUEL MORSE FELTON TO BE NEW PRBSIDENT
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, WHICH IS TO
RESUME THE POLITICAL GAME IN THIS STATE
Charles M Hays Forced to Resign
Owing to Opposition of.
H* E; HuntinstorL
¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦ :¦¦'-¦¦¦-¦ O ' '.'¦;¦'.
Manager Kruttschnitt
May Possibly Be
Forced Out
Epes Randolph Ex
pected to Succeed
Him in the Post*
Chief : Counsel .Henin
to Be Subordi
nated*
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST; 18, 1901^THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICK FIVE CENTS.
TOLUME XC— NO. T9.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
COIilEION 2ZIiS ¦•wrynrm-M-A-Kr
Electric Cajr E^ns Into a Locomotive
,^n Ectt- York.
ICEW YOI3£, Aug. 17.— A trolley car oa
the FifteentfaWtreet l!ne or the Brooklyn
Rapid Trsr.sit Company lato to-night
collided with alyang Island Railroad Com
pany locomotive at Kensington crossing
in the lower paif. of Brooklyn. The motor
man, named Lei, was killed outright, and
frcra twenty to twenty-five passengers
•vrfco were en txrlr way to Coney Island
¦were injured. Ttree of these, it is said,
vJ:l die. \. .
Grc-ely Establishes a Cable.
WASHINGTON.lAus. 17.— Colonel Dun
wocdy, acting cbiel signal officer, received
a cabiesroia to-<:aafrom General Greely,
In the Philipplr.es. iating that cable con
nection' had bren\ established between
Calcpar. en tlio nosh coast of. I>Iindoro.
end Bee, ucar the wd:t coast of the island
of jlnrrir.iuque. Thl general ntated that
¦Slk wct:3<5 leave for ykkohama. Japan, to-
TOerrow.
To Establish Cllonlsl Army.
BERLIN". Aur, 57.— the LolcaJ Anzeiffer
to-cay confirms tfca r<4»ort that Oerssany
Jatenda to establish olcolon'.al army.
tm I ......
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLEnforcement of the Board of Health's New Sanitary Regulations for
Tonsorial Parlors May Cause -Complications*
BARBERS AND THEIR PATRONS
ENCOUNTER A BARB WIRE FENCE
"I stand corrected," said the schoolboy
who didn't care to sit down after the
teacher had chastised him.
¦ "This is the first evidence we have had
for a long time that Uncle Sam possessed
a backbone. Perhaps it is not too much
to look for further Improvements."
"Much satisfaction and amusement' Is
manifested here over the sequel to the
action of the Canadian officials above
Klukwan in taxing the Indians for cross-
Ing the movable line in canoes, fishing,
hunting, etc. The Indians, having more
independence than the cringing Ameri
can citizen, were preparing to take the
law into their own hands and wipe the
custom-house off the banks of the Chil
cat, and Its occupants, also. If they re
sisted. Marshal M. J. O'Connor heard of
¦ their intentions and went to. their cljiefs
and persuaded them to wait until he had
tried to obtain redress from headquarters.
He sent a statement of the facts to Presl
ident McKinley on July II. R' 1 tape must
have been cut short at "Washington and
Ottawa, for last week Canadian Customs
Collector Busby went up the river and
the money is now being refunded as fast
as the Indians present proofs of payment.
They are allowed to fish and hunt with
the same freedom they enjoyed before
the line was moved, except that they are
required to report the amount of ammuni
tion they carry each time they pass the
custom-house.
TACOMA, Aug. 17.— The effort of the
Canadian officials to tax Alaska Indians
who hunt and fish on the navigable
river Chilcat has resulted, in failure, ac
cording to a letter written by C. H. Gib-.,
bons from Haines, under date of August
9. Gibbons says:
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
Alaskan Indians Bring
Canadian Agents to
Terms.
REDS TRIUMPH
OVER OFFICIALS
Stubb— I don't see the connection.
Penn^— Why, a ¦ man wanted something
big;to bury his face in .when . he : ignores
the woman clinging to". the ¦ strap.—Chi
cago News. . -
Stubb— In the old. days newspapers were
such small sheets. ¦ ¦ . •
Penn — Yes,' they made them larger with
the advent of the street cars.
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug.. 17.— A great
forest fire is raging on North Pine and
Fish creeks 'and the: destruction of a vast
amount of timber is threatened. "The
weather is so warm in the mountains that
It will be almost impossible to stop the
fire. The conflagration is likely to prove
destructive to much ranch property. . One
family was compelled - to .move out' to
night to escape the flames.'
Flames Leveling Forests.
: NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Vice President
Roosevelt- reached his home at Oyster
Bay to-day. On August 30 he will attend
the encampment of the National Guard of
Illinois. On September 2 he will be at the
State fair at Minneapolis. On September
5 he will attend the reunion of Vermont
Veterans at Burlington, Vt. ¦ On the fol
lowing, day he will address the Fish and
Game League at Isle La Motte.
Lively Programme for Roosevelt.
I LONDON, Aug. 17. — The Sun says to
,day that it learns that the concentration
of General Botha's forces at Hondweni,
on the borders of Zululand, announced in
a dispatch from Durban last night, does
not foreshadow a- fight. with Botha, but
his surrender, in pursuance with an un
derstanding reached between General
Botha and Lord Kitchener. The Sun adds
that the Government is so satisfied that
the war is virtually- over that Lord Mil
ner, now on his way back to South Africa,
has in his pocket the draft of a complete
constitution and plans for the future gov
ernment of the annexed territory. ' .
British Government Sat
isfied Boer War Is
About Ended.
SMALLPOX DN
THE ALBATBOSS
Steamship . Will Be De-
tained at Diamond
Point.
PORT TOWNSEND. Avg. 17.~Tha
United Stater Fi3h Commission steamship
Albatross. Captain J. F. Moser. arrived
at the quarantine station from Sitka to
day with one case of smallpox on board.
While cruising in Alaskan waters one of
the crew was stricken with the disease
and -was put ashore r^gr Sltka into an
improvised pesthouse, acl the vessel was
fumigated. Later one of her firemen was
attacked by the disease and the vessel
sailed south for Diamond Point, where
she will be detained until all germs of
smallpox have been eradicated.
TROUBLE IS BREWING
OU OREGON RANGES
Seventeen Head of Cattle Believed to
Have Been Slaughtered by
Sheepherders. ~tI
PINE, Or., Aug. lT.-There la great ex- \
dtement on East Pine Creek on account
of the finding of seventeen head of cattle
that had been shot to de*ath. Cattle own
ers of this section swear vengeance. It 13
supposed that the killing of the cattle
was the work of sheep herders. Ill feeling
has existed for a long time between cat
tle and sheep owners in this section on
account of the encroachments on tho
range, and serious trouble Is feared as a
result of the killing of the cattle.
Restores Steinberg to Citizenship.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 17.— Louis Stern
berg, who several years ago was convict
ed of complicity In election frauds in San
Francisco and sentenced to a term In the
penitentiary and who was pardoned by
ex-Governor Budd. was to-day restored to
citizenship by Governor Gage.
BELIEVE BOTHA
WILL SURRENDER
The court then asked Winters if he had
any further questions to ask and Winters
replied that he was through. The court
then held him to appear before the Su
perior Court to answer to the charge of
burglary and fixed his bonds at $10,0(KX
The officers took Winters to the scene
of the robbery this afternoon to help lo
cate the rest of the missing bullion.
This answer brought a roar of laughter,
as it was evident that Winters bad made
the Sheriff . admit that no burglary had
been committed, as he had never been In
side the. smelter at all.
"It would," was the reply.
"Then it would be possible for the man
to crawl into that hole under the vault
without getting inside the smelter,
wouldn't it?" asked Winters.
"About three feet."
When Veale had finished tho Judge
asked Winters if he wanted to question
the. witness; Winters replied with a smile
that he did.. li •. » '; : •
; "Mr. i ; Veale,! how far was.it from ¦ the
entrance of'the tunnel?" asked Winters.
\ "About four feet," replied Veale.
"How deep was the hoi© under the
smelter?". • ¦
Winters Asks Questions.
The Sheriff then told how he and Moilea
went to San Francisco and saw Winters
after his arrest, and that Winters had ex
plained to him the precautions he had
taken to be sure of his haul. He had
watched the steamer Sunol stop and then
he went to a place where he could see
how much, bullion was locked up in the
safe. When this was done he went to his
cabin, got his drill and went to work.
Veale was at Vallejo Junction when the
divers brought up the gold and Winters
was- on hand to ihelp them out. He said
that. Winters was Inclined to be fair with
the officials who were 'looking after the
gold. . .:
Harry Middleton, an assayer employed
by the Selby, people, testified that he had
helped to check up the loss and placed it
at$2S3,000. He was present and identified
some of the gold bars when they were
brought out*irf the bay by the divers.
Sheriff: R. R. Veale explained how he
and Constable Moiles on the morning of
the robbery went over the ground care
fully, looking for clews. After examining
the books" of the smelter to see what men
were working on the day and night shifts
they finally decided to investigate Win
ters' cabin. Veale said that, in company
with Moiles, Morse and Jackson, he vis
ited Winters' cabin, finding many things
which pointed to Winters as the criminal.
A pistol was found covered with mud of
the kind that came out of the tunnel.
Cloth such as was used on the cover
which fitted over the mouth of the tun
nel was found, together with a spade and
other suspicious' articles.
Sheriff Veale Testifies.
Joseph,, Bulger of : the .'city office of the
Selby Smelting: Works was called' to" the
stand, but his testimony amounted V to
little, except as to the amount of : unre
fined bullion shipped to the smelter the
night of the robbery. . ; :
John M. Owens testified to having locked,
sixteen sacks and four bars of bullion in
the vaults on the evening of August .5.'
On opening the safe at 5 o'clock on the
morning of the 6th he discovered the
robbery. The sacks and the four bars
had been "stolen. He followed the tunnel
to the mouth, and, with other workmen,
traced the red pepper trail to the bay
shore, where he found two bars and some
sacks. He did not know the value of the
gold in the safe on the night of the
robbery.
CROCKETT, Aug. 17.— John .Winters,
charged. with having robbed the vault of
the Selby Smelting Company of bullion
exceeding $280,000 in value, had his pre
liminary examination here this morning
and pleaded guilty. .The preliminary
examination of Winters took place before
Justice of the Peace Pratt.. The great
crowd which filled the courtroom was
satisfied after the examination that
Winters is not the fool many suppose him
to be. When asked If he wanted a lawyer
he redied that he waived that and also
the examination. However, Lawyer Pres
ton proceeded to examine witnesses. . • :
Attorney and Asks Some
Pointed Questions.
Prisoner Acts as His r Own
- > ..-• . . . - . ¦ ¦
"Jack" Winters Is Held
' for Trial Under
$10,000 Bonds.
BULLION THIEF
PLEADS GUILTY
A' sailor is probably called a' tar because
he's constantly Ditched r about by the
0cean.lUiyjjHniAHHB9HfiMHM^hi™sBMi
LONG BEACH, 1 Aug.;17.-E.^W; :Clay
pole of Pasadena,' a T well-known geologist,'
died in . his cottage in ; this place to-night
after a brief illness. He was «6 years of
age. .'. ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' : '¦/-•.-¦
Beatb. " of E.\ W. . Claypole.'
. Towrie— And she wouldn't do it? • -
< Browne-rYes; . but I've just > discovered
that the button she sewed on my coat she
cut from, my, vest.— Philadelphia Press.
Towne-^For / goodness sake, what, are
you so cranky about? *
Browne— Oh, I asked my wife to sew a
button.on my coat. -, - - ..
LIVERPOOL, Augi 17.— Among the pas
sengers booked j to sail on the' Cunard line
steamer -Etruria to-day for New York is
Cardinal Gibbons. •
Cardinal Gibbons . Coining Home.
BERLIN. Aug. 17.— Emperor "William
has made Charles Salnt-Saens, the French
composer of : music, a. foreign knight of
the Order of Pour le Merite. -• •
William Knights a Composer!
¦Total ".*..: ." .Vi . . . . : . /;.'.-.•-;-. r .'.:..^7,922,000,000
These figures, be It noted; give only .the
direct cost of the wars; itnd are, of course
largely simple estimates, although rather
under the truth than. in excess of it. -As
it stands, the total -is staggering, and ~yet,
if the Indirect cost could be even approxi
mately, gotten at, this total would prob
ably be. doubled or trebled. And, then
nothing is said. of the lives lost, or of the
woes and heartach es following in the
train of every great struggle!— Record-
Herald. .-.•¦;¦ ... .
BUFFALO, Aug. 17.— Over, three million
admissions : have" been registered by the
Pan-American Exposition and the number
of visitors is steadily Increasing. . -.
Three Million Admissions.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Suits for the re
covery of sums aggregating $13,000, alleged
to have been withdrawn from the endow
ment rank, Knights of Pythias, were filed
in . the Circuit Court ¦ hers .-. to-day by the
Supreme Lodgw of the order against John
A. HInsey, former president of the board
of control, and Henry B. Stolte, former
secretary of the body. •'-'
Suits Against Pythians.
war;.... ...;.. f .. ...-..:... 1,000,000,000
Boer- war ¦...'.;¦......:;.•..¦..'.-;,..:... 800.000,000
Soudan war ..-.. C.r. •./.•.'.:.'.... :.-..' -12,000,000
Chinese-Japanese war'..;.;;.;;.\ 300,000,000
wars ...•....:.;..:..'..;..; 85,000,000
Soudan-war ........................ 21,500,000
Madagascan war ;......... - 85.000 000
Italy-Abyssinian war 115,000,000
Spanish . - American- - Filipino c .- •
A contemporary with an inclination for
statistics has figured up the war bill of
the civilized world for the century just
past, and furnishes the following appall
ing column of figures: . .
Napoleonic wars . . $3,289,000 000
Turco-Bussian war .:............ . 100,000 OGO
Algerian war ...... .v.i. ."*.'.... .;...'¦ 'jgy QOOOOO
Civil wars, Spain and, Portugal % 25<MX)b.'000
Canadian rebellion- . ;.-,*.. -n ooo 000
Seminole war .:;..........-
Mexican war ..... -.-. : - 57 000 000
Revolutionary wars in Europe 50'ooo'ooi)
Chinese wars ;; . 44,'000;000 '
Kaffir war ....:......... -10,000,000
Crimean ¦ war 1,520.000000
Italian war ... ..:..... 253,000 000
American civil war ...^. ........ 5,000,000,000
Abyssin an war ........... .\V; .V., 43,000.000
Schleswig-Holstein war. . .-. . ... . ; : .75,000 000
Franco-Mexican war..;. .'...;.'• 75 OOO'OOO
Austro-Prusslan war:..;....,...-... 33O'ooo'oOO
Brazil-Paraguayan war........ 240!ooo'0OO
Franco-German war, .'......;.... 2,500,000 000
Ashantee war .¦.....;:..,. 4,50o'ooo
Central Asian wars;..:; 225,000 000
Turco-Russian war 1,210,000,000
Afghan and South African
The War Bill of a Century.
The . oM man notified Sheriff Sparks of
the murder and he was, soon in pursuit of
Valencia with ' a well armed posse. The
trail was easily followed and the posse Is
close upon the ¦ murderer. The young
woman was stabbed four times, receiving
three wounds in the. back and one in the
neck which struck the jugular vein and
caused death. Feeling is intense against
Valencia, but Sheriff . Sparks will attempt
to bring him back. safely if he once comes
upon him.
The brtde wanted to attend a ball on
Thursday night and persuaded her Hus
band to go with . her. This function was
the cause of the fatal stabbing. Return
ing home Valencia accused ; his wife of
being false to him. He declared that she
paid too much attention to other fellows,
but she innocently protested that she
acted as she always had done, in a man
ner becoming a pure woman. The couple
according to the story of the father of
the girl, who was in the • house at the
time, talked over the accusations, and he
believed they had gone to bed in peace.
During the night the father heard one
cry of pain . from his daughter, and
springing trora his bed ' rushed to her
room. He found that Valencia had
stabbed her and was frantic with rage at
his appearance. Valencia started toward
the old man, swinging a knife which was
dripping with the blood of his young wife,
but the father jumped into a bedroom and
locked the door. Valencia tried to. gain
entrance, but failing ran to the stable
and saddled a horse. ¦ . ..-..-»
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 17.— The people of
Thatcher are aroused, over the terrible
death which came to the twenty-day
bride of Jose Valencia at the hands of her
husband on Thursday night. The victim
was one of the most beautiful girls in
Gila Valley and had many admirers. She
loved Valencia with all the ardor of her
young life, for she was but 18 years old
when she was led to the altar. Valencia
was desperately jealous of his bride, He
married her to take her away from
young senors who were his rivals for her
hand. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jose Valencia Stabs His Girl
"Wife After Charging
Faithlessness.
Jealousy the Cause of
Awful Tragedy in Gila
Valley.
At least eleven cars were blown to
atoms and cannot be accounted. for, even
their trucks being missing. Wrecking
crews have been sent to the scene of the
disaster, and at midnight more than 200
men are at work clearing the track. The
tunnel, fortunately, appears : riot -to have
been damaged, though the track and road
bed are torn up for a ¦great 3 distance. It
is not expected that -the three* wrecking
crews will have the. track, cleared and re
paired before to-morrow? afternoon. '
The train, crew miraculously escaped
with only a few bruises and scratches. A
number of tramps who were riding in a
half closed car, escaped, it is believed, but
until the debris is cleared the Ios3 of life
cannot be known. ,
The explosion was felt for miles around.
A car filled with- acid took fire and the
flames spread to the dry brush and tim
ber, causing a fierce conflagration. Cow
Creek, which runs 'along the side of the
track at this point, was filled with debris
and burning wreckage. "The buildings of
the Victory mine, a half-mile distant,
were badly shattered and in a house a
half-mile from the scene a -sick woman
thrown from her bed by the force of
the her arm and shoulder being
dislocated in the fall.
An extra freight train "which left here
at 9:30 o'clock this morning, composed of
twenty-six cars, with three engines, was
just emerging from tunnel No. 7, which
is a short one, on a sharp curve in the
track about 100 feet long, when the train
parted, the air hose breaking and the
sudden jar causing the dynamite In the
rear two cars to explode. The entire train
was destroyed, except one engine, and it
was damaged somewhat. There were .ten
cars of melons, two of powder, two or
fruit and the remainder of miscellaneous
cargoes.
ASHLAND, Or., Aug. 17.— An explosion
of ' dynamite which occurred this after
noon at 4:30 o'clock at tunnel No.' 7, six
and a half miles north of Glendale, demol
ished an entjre freight train on the South
ern Pacific.
Southern Pacific Freight
Train Demolished by
;;i Impact.
HUSBAND TAKES
LIFE OF BRIDE
taker shall alone have the power to re
move the indignant dead to th© various
medical colleges. . . '
« H doan want no trouble," re
*\ marked Mr. Hamilton Thompson
/A\ yesterday as he expostulated with
jX a customer .-who was objecting to
having his face sterilized by im
mersion in a bowl of boinng water. "Ah
doan want no trouble, but de Health
Board nab done sai-id mugs is ter be put
in b'iling watah, an' de ordah am gwine
ter be carried out in dis heah shop."
Mr. Thompson was finally persuaded
that the order concerning mugs was ap
plicable only to those made of china and
the customer was allowed to go after
having 'the back of his neck shaved and
promising 1 to come around at a later date
and indulge in an egg shampoo.
Thls incident is only one of several such
that have occurred since the Board of
Health issued its now famous order re
garding the sanitary rules that must be
observed in barber shops in the future.
The inspiration that , governed the- birth
of these rules had its begiotiing in an in
gTOwing hair discovered under .the cuticle
of a member of the board after that gen
tleman had extended 10 cents' worth of
patronag-e to a south of the slot non-union
Eliop. The doctor was justly, incensed,
and fearing that some of his "colleagues
might be treated to a like distressful and
enortif ying experience "he drafted the reg
ulations, which "were , immediately and
unanimously adopted. . ; \-
The first of these regulations say that
rJI "mugs" must be ' immersed in hot
water 'after being used. The second or-
der says that all razors shall be' wiped
with alcohol before and after being used.
By the barbers who will be forced to wit
ness such a-.sinfuL waste, of .the precious
fluid this order is looked upon in the light
of a barbarous and unusual punishment
Another serious kick that the -knights
of the. razor have is against the rule that
makes it incumbent upon them to disin
fect all the instruments used in their
shops. They contend that this is impos
sible when applied to the literature which
is such an attractive feature of each well
regulated place and that an attempt at
its enforcement is sure to drive trade
away.
The disadvantages, however, are not all
on the side of the barbers. Customers
are made to suffer likewise. Special at
tention is called to the order prohibiting
the use of shops for dormitory purposes.
This will work untold hardship on those
who have been accustomed to pass a por
tion of each morning in luxurious dolce
far niente while an attentive servitor by
th'e use of hot towels removed from' their
countenances the evidences of the mild
and cheering excesses indulged in the
night before.
Altogether the rules seem to be destined
to promote sanguinary as well as sani
tary conditions if they are enforces.
Some such Idea must have struck the
Boaid of Health, for in a resolution fol
lowing- the adoption of the barbers'
troubles it is stated that the City Under-
DYNAMITE-LADEN
CARS BLOW UP
AN IMPRESSIONISTS IDEA OF SCENES IN TONSORIAL. PARLORS "WHICH WILL NEVER AGAIN BE WIT
NESSED SINCE THE STERN. FIAT OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH, WHICH IN ITS WATCHFULNESS MARKS
EVEN THE FALLING OF A HAIR. • ." ,
THE SAN IRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST IS, 1901.
14
THE GREATEST OF
AMERICA'S
SANITARIUMS.
All cases of female diseases, including
menstrual irregularities, displacements,
ulcerations, inflammations, discharges,
irritation of the ovaries, tumors and
dropsy of the abdomen, should apply at
once and become registered as regular pa-
The treatment will be conducted by cor-
respondence. The doctor will prescribe all
medicines, applications, hygienic and diet-
ary regulations necessary to complete a
cure. The medicines prescribed can be
obtained at all drugstores. This offer will
prevail during the summer months. Any
woman can become a regular patient by
sending a written statement of her age,
condition of life, history and symptoms of
her derangements.
I In view of the great multitude of women
suffering from some kind of female dis-
ease and yet unable to find any cure. Dr.
Hartman, the renowned gynaecologist, has
announced his willingness to direct the
treatment of as many cases as may make
application to 'him during the summer
months without charge.
such cases is
Peruna, which every woman should have
who has any affection of this kind.
As Is well known, Dr. Hartman la the
president of .the Hartman Sanitarium, an
Institution which has a department de-
voted exclusively to the treatment "of fe-
male diseases. He Is thus brought to see
thousands of such cases every year, the
most of whom
return to their
homes to be
treated bycor-
r e spondence.
The principal
remedy he re-
lies upon in
DISEASES -
PECULIAR TO THE
FEMALE SEX.
remedy, with-
out any permanent Improvement. Her
treatment had cost her husband, who was
a poor man, hundreds of dollars. They
had been obliged to deny them :3lves
many comforts of life In order ' 3 get
money enough to pay the physiciar i.
Picking up the paper one day she hap-
pened to read an item which contained
the news that Dr. Hartman would treat
such cases free of charge by letter. She
immediately wrote the doctor, describing
her case and giving him all her symp-
toms. She soon received a letter telling
her exactly what to do and what medi-
cines and appliances to get. She began
the treatment (the principal remady be-
ing Peruna) at once, and in a few weeks
was well and strong again and able to do
her own work.
. Another woman who used Peruna with-
remedy after
given up all
hope of being
cured. She had
tried physi-
cian after phy-
sician and
tlents. All corresponder.ee will be held
strictly confidential. No testimonials of
cures will be given to the public except
by the express wish of the patient.
No one knows better than Dr. Hartman
how much the women suffer with diseases
peculiar to their sex. No one knows bet-
ter than he does how many of them suf-
fer with such diseases. Patiently, hope-
fully, wearily and often silently they eke
out a miserable existence year after year.
A woman confined to the house several
years with a chronic female -derangement
had finally
ONE OF TOE 200,009
WOMEN HELPED
LAST YEAB.
out becoming one of Dr. Hartman's regu-
ular patients
had the fol-
lowing experi-
ence. Miss Ida
Green writes
from Bald-
winville. Ga. :
"P e r u n a Is
wonderful and
good, and a certain cure for female weak-
ness. I have been -111 and have been tak-
ing doctor's medicine for several years,
and found that none did me any good.
"Every day it was a worry. I
was a/ways sick. I had come to the
conclusion to give up, and not use
any more medicine. I was sick in-
deed for the past two years. Just
before I began to take Peruna I was
very weak, besides I was bilious and
constipated.
"I had pains In my back and aide and
falling of the womb, with bearing? down
pains.
"One day whila reading my newspaper
I came across an ad., read of the book
for women entitled 'Health and Beauty.'
and sent for it. Then I began to use tttm
medicine. After using several bottles ll
am now thoroughly cured." '
Send for free book entitled "Health and
Beauty." Address Dr. Hartman, Colum-
bus. Ohio.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. .. _"1 ___'__ \.
TMe Hoine of PeTttiKt
N^MfllO^^ -s^**^ " TuB Hartman Sanitarium } 9
., >/ j^ y^\/j> Columbus, Ohio.
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles ani decaying bones.
WhathavocI-; / ¦".. V . „„
V Scrofula, let alone, Is capable of all that,
and more.
It ; Is , commonly marked by., bunches In
the neck, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility.' « . T -
rlt is always radically and permanently
cured by . . , / ~
Hood's Sdrsapdrilla
Which expels 'all humors, 1 cures all ernp-.
tions,- and : builds i up the - whole system,-
v whether young or old.; . W
Hood's tills core liver flla : the non-lrritatlng ang
only cathartic to taUe with Hood's Jarsaparilla.
w i o \\ u* ¦ Y~% o i*"^ h "v
> ** 4M \-i * *^r Jm JL £» Jj^i^gf-J mjrmiitr —. .3r w\
'iff' Every week we have a special sale for one week only. »v\
tyf'i During this week our regular cut rates are cut still deeper — vA V
W "' s a k° na fide sale where every purchaser actually saves money. ' ?M
i'lfr Thi 8 Kst of special prices good" until Saturday night August 24th : \v\
M "Premier" Bulb Tanglefoot Fly Paper 35c '\
Ml Svrin£C 80c Fifty sheets in box — rcg. 50c box
M Red robber. Four hud rubber ' Nlltrine • 20c
ft " Regular ajc Dottle — special price " : -
fit Manhattan Kidney bythe dozen **- 10 r I
h. ¦'¦ Plaster 15c Cod Liver Oil pt. bpt. 6$t I
m OHvc Oil Soap 20c Euthymol Tooth Paste I5c ffl
"ill A -/ Riymond'e— -three cike» In box— ¦ ¦¦'• ':• , Regular 25c i! ft
MY "P^Sc box .. ,. 'Mtt
I. Oriental Tooth Paste 40c M££» RoSalme l5c #
W\\ Made by Jewtbnrr & Brown, 11 f\ Kt •«' tllil
¦¦Wjft EngUnd-rejtf»r 5 cc MrS. PraV$ Nail .*£///'
m Egg Shampoo 15c Powder 15c 11/1/
'•\\A Bro«dw«y It IQih St.. OahUnd !• uW
i%>2fK SrJ.nO shoe for women, is not made of ele- ij^'vSesS^slSSs^
jv^ggsL .phinfs skin or of leathers that have been i?^? idiSr^SSti^-engineering at Stanford University, was
recently married to a Stanford co-ed, Miss
Mary E. Dawson. at the home of the bride
at Butte. Mont. The couple will return to
Palo" Alto- on (September 1, where they will
take up their ( resldence.
Electrical . Engineer - Married.
Stanford; university, /Aug. 7 n.-
Frank G. Baum, instructor -In -electrlca
' PKA.CERVILLE.Aug/, 17.— M. [[ Sperry.
underground foreman of the Church mine,
was killed this evening by a cave-in in the
mine. ~ \ . ¦ . " . • :."' ¦ ' "•:
Cave-In Crushes Mine Foreman.
LONDON, Aug. n.-rThe British steame;
Knight : Commander, .whieh sailed ¦ fron
here for- Baltimore,- collided', off *. Dove;
with and . sank the „ barge Norman Little
The " crew of the barge were saved.
Collides With a Barge.'
N BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 17.— Traffic over
the Tehachapi Mountains will not , be
opened : until ¦ to-morrow. > Two long and
deep ->• cuts were filled with earth- and a'
large crew of men is. engaged in clearing
out the debris. Passenger trains are tied
up here. ' • -' ' J . -
Landslides Belay Traffic.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. H.-^JiianRobles
found ' an -. Indian five ¦ miles •¦ from .Tefnpe
engaged, in -beating; his wife. He-inter
fered and - killed ."* the ' Indian with a re
volver, used as 'a club. ' -' .:
Slays Indian Wife . Beater^
of Joshua Newby vs. the California I Cui-ed
Fruit -Association -was - heard ,' to-day by
Judge Sea well of San Francisco, presiding
for Judge LorJgan In the Superior Court.
The real and only question aa a matter
of fact at issue is the right of the as
sociation to build a packing-house.- After
elaborate argument the case was^sub
«mltted and Judge Seawell announced- that
he would "give his decision next .Tuesday.
Thirty carloads of prunes were sold to
day by the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation at a 3^4-cent basis. They are in
scattered lots. ,'
Will on Tuesday Render His Decision
in' Case Against Cured Fruit
Association.
SAN JOSE, Aug.' 17.— The Injunction suit
JUDGE * SRA.WEIX H32ARS
' .NEWBY INJUNCTION SUIT
Lookout Man Says Farewell and.
Sends a Bullet Through
REDDING, Aug. 17. — John Whitehouse.
a resident of ilgg Lake^in the vicinity of
Lookout, Modoc County, committed sui
cide on Thursday evening. The tragedy
was reported in /Redding this morning.
Returning from' Lookout, where he Is said
to have been on a several-days' spree, he
had his young daughter call his wife.
"Come and kiss me good-by," he said. "I
am going away."
Little suspecting his awful intention, the
woman put her. arms about his neck.
Quickly drawing a pistol from his pocket
he placed its muzzle against his forehead
and sent a bullet through ihis brain, fall
ing back dead from the grasp of the hor
rified woman. ; '.'¦..
COMMITS SUICIDE IN
' ARMS OS 1 HIS WIFE
ST. HELENA, Aug. 17.— Sheriff Dunlap
this afternoon took Clifford Turner into
custody on suspicion that he is the man
who held up .the Calistoga-Blue. Lakes
stages on Mount St. Helena- two days ago.
Sheriff Dunlap, Marshal Johnson, Consta
bles Spurr and Allen, District Attorney
Bell and Detective Thatcher of Wells,
Fargo & Co. have been searching, for the
man for the past -two days. ;They appre
hended Turner at the. St. Helena Sanita
rium to-day. Turner .lives near Putah
Creek and is well known in this vicinity.
He was taken to Napa this evening.
Who Stopped Two Coaches on
Mount St. Helena.
Officers Believe They Have the Man
STAGE-ROBBEK- SUSPECT
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
Returns to the Post Where He Faced
,--, So Many Dangers During the
Siege. '
PEKING,. Aug. 17.— Edwin H. Conger,'
the United States Minister to China," <bas
arrived here.- •
. WASHINGTON,* Aug. 17.— Commissioner
, Rockhill has not reported to the State
' Department ¦ as to whether the ' protocol
provides for the destruction of the Taku
forts, but if the press advices are correct
that the Ministers have failed to include
this provision in the protocol, the result
wiU be in line with the - desires of this
Government from the outset.. When, the
first tentative plan . of negotiations was
put forward/ including the razing of the
Taku -forts and • other forts, this Govern
ment expressed doubt as to the advisabil
ity of such a move and has all along been
averse to includlngit in* the protocol.
MimSTER CONGER i; . ,
AGAIN AT PEKING
SEATTLE, Aug. In Fletcher Bay.
Balnbridge Island, about eighteen miles
by water west of Seattle, a two-masted
schponer burned to the water's edge and
sank Thursday night. Her owner,' Captain
Hart, lost his life in the fire. Some of
those who witnessed ' the " destruction of
the vessel believe that \ Hart was robbed
and murdered, that the schooner was then
set on fire and left to sink, so that . all
traces of the crime should be blotted out.
The story was brought to Seattle this
morning by P. Erlandsen, who has a place
on Fletcher Bay and who witnessed, the
burning of the ¦ schooner. '..'¦-¦ ' ..-.
"Hart, with his schooner, the Lillie and
Maud, visited Fletcher Bay on Thursday
afternoon," said Erlandsen. "He put in
at about 3 o'clock, casting anchor about
400 feet out from the mouth of the bay.
At 9.30 o'clock in 1 the evening, just as 1
was preparing for .bed, I saw a small
blaze at the spot where Hart had an
chored. The flames began to increase and
soon I made out; the form of , the schooner.
I got my skiff as quickly as I could and
put out to the burning vessel. - .
"Just as I started I heard an explosion
and for an instant the flames increased
in brilliancy. When about 100 feet from
the schooner there came another explo
sion and then I heard a large number of
reports, such as shells would make in ex
ploding. I could do no good by approach
ing any clo/er to the boat and I saw that
I would be endangering my life by do
ing SO. " "
"At first I 'believed the burning 1 , of the
schooner to have been an accident, but
the more I think of it now the more I
become convinced that some black deed
has been committed. When I was .rowing
over to the burning schooner Thursday
night I heard voices to the north of the
boat. As I came within the range of the
light cast upon the water by the flames
I distinctly heard a voice exclaim: 'My
God, there's a boat!* Of course I don't
know whether they referred to my skiff
or to the schooner, but I believe they
meant the skiff. They didn't come near
the schooner and seemed to be trying to
get away as quickly as possible. I be
lieve one of the men whom I heard talking
was an Indian, but I am not quite sure
of that.". . ' .- - •« *>« V
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
A local committee to arrange for the
reception and proper care of the stones
donated by the various counties. of Cali
fornia, the Pioneer Society and the United
States navy, some of which are already
on the ground, for the base of the monu
ment was appointed, to consist of Captain
T. G. Lambert, chairman; Francis Doud,
J. W. " Bagby, ' H.- A. Olmstead. Jonathan
Wright, H. AI. Parmelee, Mrs. E. A. Fish,
Mrs. T. G. Lambert, Miss Orton, John R.
Patrick and C. B. Rosendale. -
The following persons were then elected
active members of the association: Rear
Admiral J. C. Watson, Captain Henry
Glass, Commander Thomas S. Phelps,'
Lieutenant Commander F. F. Nicholson.
Lieutenant Commander Alex Sharpe and
Cadet Edwin. H. Dodd of .the United
States; navy; Hon. -Henry F. "Williams,
Hon. Samuel W. Holladay, James B.'
Whittimore, a great-grandson of Commo
dore Sloat, of San Francisco: Dr. Hiram
N. Rucker and Dr. -Charles E. Lancaster
of Oakland, Hon. Joseph Knowland 'Jr. of
Alameda. Mrs. Patty, Read Lewis of Capi
tola,' :¦ John Domingos of Sacramento,
Charles Steinmetz of Santa Cruz and Hon.
John K.- Alexander of . Salinas. ' . ¦ -.,;
The association adjourned to meet on
September 8 in San Jose.
These officers and Chaplain A. A. Mc-
Allister, U. S. N. ; Hon. Frank Mattison,'
ex-president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West. Santa Cruz; Major John L.
Bromley, Oakland; David W. Standiford,
Oakland; Miss Clara K. Wittenmyer,
Mills College; Hon. Louis A. Spitzer. San
Jose; Hon. '.William F. Pierce. Oakland,
and Hon. George E. Kennedy, Livermore,
were elected as an executive committee.
MONTEREY, Aug. 17.— The annual
meeting of tha Commodore Sloat Monu
ment Association of .the Pacific States
was held in this city last night at the
residence of Captain. Thomas G. Lambert,
and a large amount of business connected
with the erection of the proposed monu
ment to Commodore. Sloat, the corner
stone of which was laid in . 1S96, was
transacted, j A committee on, design and
construction, composed of Major Edwin
A. Sherman of Oakland, chairman; Chap
lain "A. A. McAllister, TJ. 8. N.; Captain
Franklin J. Drake, U. S. N.; Hon. Edward
M. Preston of Nevada City, Hon. Joseph
R. English of Vallejo and Miss Camille
Johnstone or Oakland,- was appointed to
examine plans for the proposed monument
and to arrange for an early beginning of
work upon it. The association passed res
olutions requesting Congressman McLach
lan of this district to present a bill in the
next Congress providing for an appropria
tion for»the monument fund, and the offer
from Major E. A. Sherman to donate to
the fund the proceeds from the subscrip
tion sales of his forthcoming book, '.'The
Life of Admiral' Sloat,!' was accepted with
great applause by the association.
The following officers of the association
were elected: President, Colonel Joseph
Stewart, U. S. A., retired, Berkeley; first
vice president, Hon. '•William N. Boggs,
Napa; second vice president, Hon. Samuel
W. Boring, San Jose ; secretary, Major
Edwin A. Sherman, Oakland; treasurer,
Samuel W. Levy, San Francisco; receiver,
Captain Thomas- G. Lambert, Monterey;
marshal. General Thomas Ketcham,
Stockton. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mystery Shrouds Fate
of a Schooner's
. Owner.
Colonel Joseph Stewart the
. New President of the
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— The Post
office Department to-day issued the fol
lowing: Postofflce discontinued, August
31— Oregon— Sweet Brier, Multnomali
County, superseded by rural free delivery;
mail to Terry. ' Postmaster appointed —
California— Annie Hollenbeck, Lebec,
Kern County, vice Charles . Hollenbeck,
deceased. \
The following pensions were granted:
California: Increase— Sumner Snow, Long
Beach, $10; Thomas Bradley, San Fran
cisco, $12; .Frank William Leighter, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; Adam L.
Bourquin. Summerland. $10; William G.
Curry, Kneeland, $8; Reuben RJ Porter,
Chicago Park. $12. War. with Spain—Orig
inal—Frederick A>Heiter, Vallejo, $6.'In
crease—Charles B. Spencer, Tremont, 512.
Widow — Margaret A. Benneford, New
bridge. $8. ,
Washington— William H. Nelson, Taco
ma, $8; James H. Patton, Chehalis, $8.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More Pensions Are
Issued.
OF INTEREST .TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SINKS WITH HIS
BURNING VESSEL
Monument Association
Meets to Further Its
Plans.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 17.'— Quietly and
without any show or ostentation
Charles W. Fay of San Francisco
and Estelle M. Lion of this city
were joined in marriage at 9:45
'o'clock this morning in the little German
Catholic Church of this city. Only the
members of the families of the couple
were present. The bride was supported
by her father and the groom by Amele
Lion, the brother of the bride. The cere
mony was performed by Father Gleason
of St. Joseph's Church, assisted by Father
Miller.
Miss Lion has been a leader In San Jose
society, and Mr. Fay is prominent in
social and club circles in San Jose
and the metropolis. It was 'expected
that when the marriage took place it
would be a big social function. It was
quite a disappointment to the society in
which both moved that such was not the
case. Its simplicity was out of deference
to the opinion of the father, L. Lion, who.
although a man of large affairs, main
tains the utmost simplicity in all that con
cerns himself.
The bride is the only daughter of L.
Lion, president of the Commercial and
Savings Bank of this city and a man of
wealth. She has several brothers who are
prominently connected with the social,
commercial and political life of the Gar
den City. Mr. Fay is the private secre
tary of Mayor Phelan and has large com
mercial Interests.
The bridal tour will extend to the prin
cipal points in Southern California, term
inating at Coronado. The" couple drove
from the church to the train and will
make Santa Barbara their first stopping
place. Returning in about two weeks
they will take up their residence in San
Francisco.
Not Killed by a Train.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 17.— The inquest
upon the body of Stephen Steadman was
held this morning by Coronor Eden. The
jury found that death was. due to heart
disease and that he had fallen upon the
railroad track. Dr. W. J. Wickman per
formed the autopsy. Steadman was
found dead on Thursday evening on the
North Pacific Coast Railroad, near Camp
Taylor, and it was at first supposed that
he had been killed by a train-.
FITTIK6 TRIBUTE
TO BRAVE SLOAT
SAN JOSE YOUNG LADY WHO
HAS WEDDED A SAN FRAN
CISCAN.
HTTMDBEDS OF MAUSERS
SEIZED NEAR HONGKONG
Safety of European
Colonists;
important Capture That Adds to the
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 17.— The steam
ship Indrapura of the Portland and Asi
atic line arrived to-day from Hongkong:
and Yokohama.
The Hongkong Daily Press of July 19
says: "A large and important seizure of
arms and ammunition 'was made at
Queen's Road West yesterday. Many hun
dreds of new Mausers, old hammer and
needle guns, several hundred revolvers
and Chinese horse pistols, with ammuni
tion of every kind, was seized and brought
to the central station. There is no doubt
that a seizure important to the European
colonists of Hongkong has been made."
The Kobe Herald of July 19 says: "The
man who stole 30,000 yen in bank notes
from the treasury has been arrested. He
¦was an employe of the treasury."
Marquis Ito in an -interview on the sur
plus population of Japan said: "Korea is
the most natural outlet for the surplus
population of Japan. As time goes on the
flow of Japanese emigrants toward Korea
will render the state of affairs tantamount
to unofficial occupation of the peninsula
by Japan."
He expressed the opinion that South
America would offer advantages for many
thousands of laborers.
Murder of a Cowboy.
PHOENIX, Aug. 17.— News reached here
to-day of the murder of Walter Follis, a
cowboy, at Goat Ranch, near Pinos Al
tos, N. M. Follis and a comrade named
Walter Newman had stopped there for
the night and had quarreled. During
the night Newman beat Follis to death,
using a revolver. Newman escaped to the
hills and a Sheriff's posse Is in chase.
Follis was from New York.
Court Awards Divorce Decree.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 17.-Mrs.
Delos Wautenbaugh was to-day granted
a divorce. The case has been conducted
very secretly. The principals are promi
nent in social and church circles.
Commits Suicide by Mistake.
PHOENIX Aug. 17.— Juan Gacio, a
Mexican woodchopper, was accidentally
killed* near Chitteiyien to-day. He stood
on a limb about eight feet above the
ground and chopped it off the tree. He
jwent down with the limb and his neck
was broken. \ .
The strike was instituted by the carton
makers, who asked for 15 cents. This was
granted and. after they had gone back to
work the packers suddenly quit and de
manded a restoration of the old prices.
They were ordered out of the house and
finally went to a downtown hall and or
ganized a union, under the direction of
F. A. Clark, head of the American Fed
erated Trades here. Later the packing
house people offered the girls 4% cents,
but this, too, was refused.
To-night, at a big mass-meeting, the
union effected better organization. What
the outcome will be is problematical.
The trouble has been brewing for sev
eral days— in fact ever since it first be
came known that the price of packing
thirty-six pound boxes of cartons had been
reduced, under the schedule adopted this
year by the Pacific Coast Company, from
5 to 4 cents. Under the old schedule the
expert workers were able to earn from
?2 to $2 50 a day, while the "green hands"
could make anywhere from 75 cents to
$1 50. The carton makers, under the old
price, received 20 cents for each thousand,
the most expert being able to make about
$1 50 or $2 a day. This year the price was
reduced to 10 cents a thousand. The
wages of the "stickers," who last year
received 15 and 20 cents a thousand, had
been reduced about 25 per cent.
FRESNO, Aug. 17.— Seventy girls em
ployed In the Pacific Coast Seeded Raisin
Company's packing-house went out on a
strike for higher pay this . morning, re
fusing to go back to work- even though
the packing-house owners made a partial
concession to their demands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
D. A. Coe at Colton watched the
meteor's-* flight,- which he described as
resembling a skyrocket. The meteor ap
peared to gain in speed.as it neared the
earth, apparently burying itself In the
San Bernardino mountains. Prom San
Bernardino the report says: "The meteor
seemed "barely to escape the summits of
the San Bernardino mountains, leaving a
beautiful glow upon their peaks."
A great sensation waj caused by the
phenomenon in Riverside. Pedestrians on
the streets declared that the light was
so strong that the finest print could have
been read by it. Its starting point ap
peared to be from the milky way, - and.
it seemed to pass toward Elsinore, eigh
teen miles southeast.
May Have Hit a. Mountain.
At Alpine Tavern, <on Mount Lowe, the
meteor was seen to flash over the ridge,
its passage lighting up the trees and their
foliage more brilliantly than the stro'ng
Mount 'Lowe searchlight.
At Sierra Madre the Impression was
that the meteor was. as big as the moon
and lighted the firmament as brightly as
in daytime.
From Monrovia Henry C. Post, a school
teacher, reported: "It fell straight from
the zenith at £>n altitude of seventy de
grees, falling probably twenty to thirty,
degrees to the horizon. Its direction was
due east and toward San Bernardino.
Calling the moon the size of a plate, I
should say the meteor was the size of a
baseball in comparison.' I have seen many
meteors and all were of a bluish light.
This, however,- was decidedly red in
color." . . . ; '
From Flagstaff, Ariz., the Coconlno Sun
reports: "The, meteor was seen low down
in the southwest. Those who saw it say
it was like -a. big ball of fire, scattering
as it disappeared from view."
At Pomona, Fred Smith declares. Its
trail was directly east. He saw the flash
of the falling meteor, which left a bril
liant trail of light in its wake", illuminat
ing the entire sky. .
At Hesperia, ori the Mojave desert,
Richard Qulnby said the meteor had the
appearance of, exploding a trifle south of
east from his. viewpoint. A similar report
came from Summit. . .
The first . impression of those who wit
nessed the phenomenon was that the
strong light came from one of the big
electric headlights of the heavy Pasa
dena cars. Of course this idea was but
momentary, for the entire heavens was
illuminated for probably two seconds,
when there appeared to be a sudden disin
tegration of the luminous body. The
meteor was described by many witnesses
as oblong," while others declared it to be
of globular form.
Telegraphic and telephone Inquiries
were at once 'made by the Los Angelea
Herald at many points eastward, the an
swers indicating . that the visitor made
little change in its -appearance on Its tour,
giving in each locality an apparent disin
tegration for the j benefit of spectators.
*.-..¦ " Appeared to Explode.
'LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— A' brilliant
meteor shot through the sky tn a south
easterly direction at 7:55 o'clock to-night.
A flash of light, mellow In Its glow, yet
as penetrating and fleeting as the rays of
a searchlight, then scattering Into a
myriad of fragments— such was the vision
beheld by hundreds~of citizens as . their,
eyes were attracted skyward by the sud
den and unwonted illumination. Ordinary
mortals called it a meteor; the scientists
differentiated it into a bolide, distin
guished from the ordinary meteor in that
it 'is not stone producing. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ball of Fire Crosses the
Heavens and Buries Itself
in a Mountain.
Southern Oalifornians
View a Strange Phe
nomenon.
Organize a Labor Union and
Join the Federated
Trades.
Tie Up a Fresno Raisin
Company's Packing
House.
METEOR TURNS
NIGHT INTO DAY
SEVENTY GIRLS
OUT ON STRIKE
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
Lack of Ostentation Marks the Nuptial Ceremony
in the Garden City.
CHARLES W. FAY WEDS
MISS ESTELLE M. LION
15
B.KATSCHINSK!
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. g
§ 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.- |
I IT'S MONEY IN YOUR PURSE
B To come this week and see 69
I the unheard of bargains we i\
g are now offering in ladles' M
| fine shoes. jfj
n Bargains such as we will offer a
Eg 'were never before known in the R
M shoe business of San Franctsco. If
' I ¦ They -consist of nearly all styles §J
I in both all patent leather and Im- g
j perial vici kid, with patent leather O
I > or kid tips, button and lace, hand n
I turned or welted soles, -with either n
1 the French or leather heels. Efi
1 They were made by Laird. Scho- H
I ber & Co., E. P. Reed and John H
1 Foster and • were formerly retailed U
1 at $3.50." $4.00 and $3.00. -. ff
3 The sizes being broken, we offer 9
a them at the money saving price of n
CT $1.4."> the pair. "We have the fol- a
M in? sizes: m
» AA width. 3 to 8. C width. 3 to 4% H
H A width, 2% to Wx. and 6 to 8. M
m C width. 3 to 4 and D width. 2»i to iV 3 31
a 6to% and 6 to 8. *
B E width. 4% to 7M. H
H We do not guarantee to fill n
1 mall orders on these goods. H
& YOU KNOW how the boys wear B
¦ out shoes. Well, here la a chance to ¦
I save some money on them. Ww n
I have bunched a number of broken B
J lots, all of them from the be3t n
I manufacturers, and will sell them (
I at SOc the pair, which is less than j
H half their value. They consist of B
¦ button and lace in tan and black, |]
I spring heels and heels. We have I
| the following' sizes: H
m"B width 9 to 4 Ij
¦ C width » to o 1 , I
M D width 9 to 13 and 2V_. to 4 ¦
g E widths..... -....9 to 13% and 3 to 5% I
S We have no branch stores nor I
9 traveling salesman. p
j PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
I 10 THIRD STREET. 1
Q ' • - San Francisco. |
¦ AX> v jfcRTIitE m r.JH ia.
MEN WANTED
100 PILE-DRIVERS,
10 FOREMEN, ,
10 ENGINEERS.
Wages to experienced fore-
men, $5.00 per day; engineers,
$4.00 per day^ pile-drivers, $3:50
per day. Men without previous
experience from $2.50 to $3.00
per day.
Men from the interior, if prov-
ing satisfactory, will have rail-
road fare refunded after working
two weeks.
All men accepting work under/
this advertisement and giving
satisfaction will be given prefer-
ence in future work.
Bridge and Wharf Builders 9 Em-
ployers' Association,
Room 8, No. A California Street,
San Franctsco.
¦
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEUEDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and grood wagres if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
2O9 Examiner BIdg.
Rupture Cured;/
The celebrated Calif ornia In-
ventor, Dr. Pierce, discovered
that the onlv remedy for Eup-
ture is Electricity, and in per-
fecting hie wonderful Electro-
Magnetic Trass and estab-
li Filing its sale throughout
«*> ' the world, he gave to euf-
£?V f erers fromthisdangerouB
¦3 * malady the relief and se-
W ourity vainly nought for
/ elsewhere. This renowned
appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on the
ruptured parts i» quick and effective Cur»s
accomplished by its use are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or eend a 2-cent etarcp for new "Booklet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co.. 1145 Broadway (near
26th St.), KewYork. or 206 Post St.. SanTrancisco. .
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
kUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A QJ lCSHfAE£ETST.tet.6A*7&,S.r.Cal d
\ Cy The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V _rWt^«-_ '*'orld. Weaknesses or iny contracted A
" 55* Sri »sea« |»itii».l j carrd by the oldest T
0 fl£S S K s P=o*'ist on the Ccast. Est 36 years. ©
$ Rw£f g 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ ¥ C«%H Conscltition free and strictly print;. \
S fl XS^ll' a Trratment personally or by letter. A A
T g » all Potitivt Cwrt in every cise undertaken. \
« !"• II 10 Write for B"ok. PHlLOSOPBV.f A
V < if J'* BMBIACE, MA1LEB FREE. (AT
2 (• 1 J. valuable book (or nrn) \
f DO. JOBD.O A- CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. f
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE COMPANY
OT SA.IC FRAXCISCO. IX THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provleiorji of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash - $250,000 00
ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company $4,000 00
I^oans on Bonds and Mortgages 166.111 03
Cash Market Value of aJl Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82,830 B5
Bavin** Banks deposits E2.931 81
Cash in Company's Office 229 90
Cash in Banks 9,S7< 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Ix>an» 1,863 34
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 7E8 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection, 6.684 09
-Total Assets .$325,374 02
LIABILITIES. '~
Losses In process of Adjustment or la
Suspense ••-- — S2.500 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 1,700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less, % ; reinsurance
W per cent 2S.C3S 25
Gross premiums on Risks running:
more than one year, $ ; re-
insurance pro rata. y , 3,869 40
Total Liabilities $33,707 63
INCOME. '
Xet cash actually received for pre-
miums v $50,644 S7
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Mortgages V^liy; 12.052 90
Reeeh-ed for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and fro—-, all
tither sources .'....'.. 6,660 10
Beceived from all otber sources 491 53
Total Income .'..... $68.849 40
.\ . EXPENDITURES. ~
JJet ainannt paid for Losses (includ-
ing %.- losses of previous
years) — $3.929 81
Dividends to Stockholders 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 6,70137
Paid for Salaries, Fees and' other
charres f»r officers, clerks, etc 13,437 25
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes ...^ 3.759 41
All otber payments and expenditures.. 11,945 93
Total Expenditures $33,773 77
¦ ' =====
TVALLA.CE KVERSOX. President.
A.\P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed »nd sworn to before me thin 22d
flay of Januarj-. 1901. M. M. RHORER,
Xteputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
oi CALIFORNIA. \
Cash Assets Julil 1901 $342,000
GUARANTEE AND CASUALTY,
Bonds of Surety, Ship. Steam, Boiler
and Plate Glass Insurance.
Head Offics: 326 Montgomery Street,
Saul Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. „
Bargains
I Remnants
g This is to be the greatest week of- our remnant saie — : i
S we have never offered such prices before. For instance, we B
|j are selling $1.50 dress goods at 50c— 60c dress goods at 23c. g
¦ It har,dly seems probable, but we have the goods to prove p
B our reductions to be exactly as we say they are. It is the §
B greatest opportunity to buy ever offered to the women of a
I San Francisco. .. &> |
B Remnants of Silk Embroidered Henrietta— g
g ' Prettier than silk for fancy evening waists — three shades of blue, [3
H three of old rose, four of pink, two of helio, four of new green, also ig
H grays, royal purple, tans, black and cream— all wool and embroidered N
M in silk stars, crescents, lovers' knots and other, designs — 38 to 45 inches gl
H wide— the regular $1.50 arid $2.00 quality— remnants from i}4 to 3 21
M yards, and will be sold on the remnant tables in the side aisle at §i
H ;:..... 3Oc Yard Jj
H .For sale at Market-street store only. £j
H Remnants of London Tweed Suitings — . |1
H A fine, heavy -material for outing suits, tramping skirts, golf and B
H wheeling costufties — can be .made up without lining if desired — shown n
M in light and dark oxfords, pastel brown and tan mixtures — 56 inches j
wide— always-sold off the reel at $1.00 — on the remnant tables to* £3
morrow at .".... 49c Yard H
. . . For sale at Market-street store only. m
Remnants ol. Fancy Armure Suitings — M
An excellent material for children's school dresses, house gowns or h
shopping suits — pretty and serviceable — silk figured effects in old rose. S
golden browns, turquoise, green, serano and many other fashionable 13
shades, combined with black— 40 inches wide — an imported novelty K
that always sold at 60c — remnants from 3 to 10 yards long to be sacri- ]
ficedat .'.:.:....... 23c Yard g
I v , For sale at Market-street store only. ¦§
Remnant Sale of Comforters— a
An odd lot of big, heavy, double bed comforters has just been discov- ia
*ered in our stock rooms — these are. not in our regular line and have S
. been cut for a speedy clearance to-morrow.: New patterns, well w
stitched and filled with fine, white cotton— the. regular $1.25 comfort- sj
ers in odds and ends — any comforter in the lot, beginning to-morrow ja
SOc Each I
. . For safe at Market-street store only. £J
Remnant Sale of Swiss— ju
For curtains — full yard wide — small stripes, .dots.. and figures — you- M
iknow this as the 20c quality— on the remnant tables to-morrow ;. ra
12j^c Yard |
. , - . . For safe at Market-street store only. j4
Remnant Sale of Sheets— 4
An extra big, double bed sheet, size 81x90 inches — made of splendid j
heavy, undressed muslin with a two-inch hem, will be sold at the rem- *
nant sale to-morrow— these are our 65c sheets and cannot be bought 9
at that price any place in San Francisco — your pick from^the lot to- [|
morrow •'.... ...52j^c Each |3
"- ¦ For sale at Market-street^store only. ja
• The above are Remnant Prices, all odd lengths, consequently we can- pi
not fill mail orders for samples. t|
.^r ' MWiJ'af fl^ M^ M hi \
-; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day—You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
I* W. KNAPP, M. D.
How any man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
ye ar» of suffering from -«al weakne« lost »» «£ W ?£- > E J*-.?..!^
vitality, night loBses.-varlcocele/etc. and en- •. r>eaT Sir-Your method worked beautifully
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor. Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L. and 'vigor have completely returned and en-
W Knapp. 1373 Hull building, Detroit. Mich., largement fe entirely satisfactory."- -
and he will gladly send the, free receipt with / »'Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions so that any man may easily cure trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
himself at home. This ts certainly a most gen- and can truthfully say It Is a boon to ¦ weak
erous offer, and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly improved in size, strength
from 1 his daily mail show what men think of and vigor." . .
hie reneroslty: . • • ' ' • All correspondence is strictly -confidential.'
"Dear Sir — Please , accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed . envelope. The receipt
for yours of recent date. I have . given your is free for the asking and be wants : every man
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has to have It- . ¦Continued From Page Thirteen.
UNITED SUITES ABLE TO COPE
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The following ca
ble message has been received by the As
sociated Press from Torres Cardenas/' gen.-
the Invasions.
Blames Conservatives of Colombia for
CASTRO'S VERSION OF REVOLT.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— The offices of. the
George H. .Phillips Company . have been
closed up and on the door is a sign read
ing: "This property is now in* the hands
of the Chicago .Title and -Trust Company
as^receiver." Most, ot U» clerks -have
been discharged. ;• ;
Phillips' Offices Closed.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, Aug. I 17.— The
Ecuadorean Congress, In session inQulto,
after a scrutiny of the votes cast for. Pres
ident, ¦'¦'. declared General :j Plaza legallv
elected to the office, with a plurality o"f
65,000 votes. " General Plaza will - assume
office AttPiat a. •': . . -. ¦ .¦ ¦ -¦
Plaza President of Ecuador.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 17.—Ow
ing to" the removal of the tariff the to
bacco - business is reviving. One b' - fac
tory here resumed operations yesterday
and 150 hands were re-employed in mak
ing cigars. . Other factories in the. interior,
are also starting and a general boom Is an
ticipated. The large stock of tobacco on
hand. is being rushed to New York. ¦ For
merly the shipment of this was * unprofit
ableunder the tariff.'. ¦ V;-/'T> ¦ - '
Porto Ricans Making Cigars.
The Post does not believe that the news
papers of the United States will see In
this a violation of the Monroe doctrine
since Germany's action Is wholly non
political and merely protective of business
Interests. The papers also believe that
Washington will find nothing objection
able in Germany's action.
Official circles here admitted to a cor
respondent to-rlay .th.at--th.e-. Post's utter
ances on the subject ; of Germany's South
American policy were inspired, emphasiz
ing the fact that the authorities at Wash
ington were lully informed as to Ger
many's jntentions and were satisfied
therewith.
"The imperial Government, of course,
has no intention of mixing itself up in
American quarrels, for Germany has no
political interests there to defend. " On the
other hand, the Important financial and
business Interests of German subjects de
mand adequate protection, which the Gov
ernment will give." r
BERLIN, Aug. 17.-The papers discuss
the South American trouble. The Post
tnis morning referring to the steps con
templated by Germany says: "
GERMANY'S ACTION DISCUSSED.
It Is Non-Political and Merely Pro
. tective of Business Interests.
MINNEAPOLIS. 1 Aug. 17.— It Is an
nouncd that final arrangements have
practically been concluded ln New York
whereby Minneapolis and St. Paul are to
be given direct railroad connections with
the Black Hills. The company is to be
called the Twin City, Pierre and Black
Hills, and is to be built from Aberdeen to
Rapid City, in the hills, crossing the Mis
souri River at Pierre, r The road will be
295 miles long and will eventually become
part of one of the great systems and be a
part of a short line from - the Northwest
to Denver, the gulf and California. The
plan is i to l extend the, road from | Rapid
City to a connection with- the Union Pa
cific at Orln Junction, Wyo.
for a Section of Transcontinen
tal System. ;
Kail way Men Hake Arrangements
HO ATJ TO BE BXJUiT
TO BLACK HILLS REGION
in accordance to the supreme necessities of
public order.
Given, signed and countersigned by all the
Ministers of the- Cabinet, by the secretary of
the Federal district and the secretary of the
national executive and sealed with the crand
seal ln the Federal palace at Caracas on this
2¥th day of July, 1901. SI years of independ
ence and IS of federation. •'. • %
m
BEBIXLION IS TJITJTJSTiriED.
Dr. Marroquin's Address in Behalf of
Colombia's Cause.
A fervent' address or pronuriciamento to
his countrymen has been Issued by Dr.
Marroquin, vice president ln charge of the
Government of Colombia, a copy of which
has been received in this city by Consul
Eeciplon Canal, who represents the Co
lombian Government at this port. In this
address Dr. MarroQuin asserts that the
rebellion has been unjustified at all times
and that it is less justifiable now than
ever. At the beginning "it might have
been less criminal and insane." so writes
Dr. Marroquin, "than now." It has"
brought desolation and ruin upon Colom
bia. When the civil war broke out Dr.
Merroquin was not in charge of the Co
lombian Government. The post of titular
vice president which he now occupies was
taken to satisfy the pressing opinion of
his compatriots, owing to the physical un
fitness of President Sanclemente. Some
of the sentences in the pronunciamento,
which has very recently been published,
give an inkling concerning the white heat
• -The wreck was caused by the pilot and
crews of the two light engines eastbound
forgetting all about the flyer, which was
running on time. The. three locomotives
came together head- on with' gTeat force
and were ! battered and broken \ into a
mass of scrap iron. The track was torn
up and the composite car badly, smashed.
This and several other cars left the rails,
but remained right sido up. . :
• . The passengers, many of whom . were
asleep, while others were just getting up,
were thrown against the seats and sides
of the cars as the train jumped along over
the ties. "Wrecking crews were sent out
from Greenrlver and a track was . at once
built around the wreck, . traffic • being de
layed about six hours. .
The accident was the result of a colli
sion between the overland limited 'and
two light engines'which were endeavoring
to make a siding-. The three locomotives
were badly damaged and traffic. was de
layed for twelve hours. Engineer Gar
side of one of the. light engines. was the
only person in the accident that was
taken to the hospital.' He will recover.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 17.— The Union Pa
cific westbound overland limited was
wrecked at Table Rock, near Greenrlver,
Wye, this morning. Three of the train
crew and thirteen passengers were in
jured, none seriously, however. '
All of this has been actually proven by the
official publications Issued by the Cabinet in
Bogota '' They, date from the first of April.
This view has not been denied, either by the
Conservative Government of Colombia or by
her Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
potentiary in this capital. "
While the Government of Venezuela was sur
prised by the first and second Invasions of her
frontier by 6000 and 2000 men respectively, the
invaders were victoriously expelled by the Gov
ernment and the people of Venezuela.
Since said events 10,000 men have been
massed on the frontier for the defense and
integrity of Venezuela and its national honor.
These are quite apart from her active service
troops on other parts of the frontier, as well
as national troop3 scattered over the republic
and the reserve militia now under arms.
Venezuela has not accepted the invasion as
an international attack by the people of Colom
bia against the people of Venezuela, but, know
ing Its real source, recognizes ln It the work
of the Conservative Government of Colombia
against the majesty of the nation ot Vene
** iela - TORRES CARDENAS,
. • General Secretary.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Aug. 17.-In the name
of his Excellency, General Castro, I reply > to
your cablegram In the following terms:
The Government of Venezuela, presided over
by General Castro, is fully Justified in all its
works and acts. It is essentially liberal in Its
practices. It Is of the opinion that the Con
ecrvatives of Colombia, probably led by ruin
ous and wicked passions, have resolved to as
sist in a revolutionary movement against Ven
ezuela and her government.
eral secretary of President Castro of Ven
ezuela, in reply to a dispatch addressed
to the President asking him for a state
ment on the Venezuela-Colombia situa
tion:
There has also been talk of abuses ln pre
vious administrations that , were to be. cor
rected, and notwithstanding the unquestion
able fact that the actual - Government works
assiduously and honestly to protect the inter
ests of the nation. It etill is the . object of
vicious malevolence nnd systematic perpecu
tion by the very men that are so favored. " They
*eem to think little, or not at all. that the
day may yet come when the Government., in
order to perform the most sacred: of duties,
which is to maintain order and to re-estab
lish peace, will see itself compelled to proceed
as all Governments have acted in emergen
cies equal to the present one. -
It has been said, by the authors of the bound
less crime which is actually annihilating Co
lombia, that they fight t° regain -political
rights that they seem to have lost; and- yet
those very men obstruct and entangle , the
course and natural development which. In the
democracies prepares the peaceful exchange of
political parties into power.
No Government, ln the same exceptional cir
cumstances through which mine has had to
traverse, could nor would act with more
patriotic and fraternal feeling than has mine.
We have employed benignity and kindness
where others doubtless would have resorted to
force and punishment; and in the face of all
these frequent and exceedingly generous proofs
of good will ¦ toward our enemies they have
had the inconnlderate boldness and daring to
state, by speech and by the press, ln the coun
try and abroad, that the Government , of Co
lombia has treated the rebels with excessive
severity and even with harshness.
I like to suppose that the rebels are trying
to ertaMlsh something new. Thfs could not be
but a. new constitution and a new Legislature,
but ln our land we have already tasted all
kinds of constitutions and all imaginable Leg
islatures, and we know by experience that the
nation'* happiness could not be secure by
mutability of laws nor by new essays or re
forms. Experience has also taught us that
any political system that prevails after any
revolutionary war, may it be bloody or other
wise, could not last, because the people of our
race do not consent to be governed for a long
time by the same men nor by the same prin
ciples, and also because our people are always
prone to see the Government the orlein of
their adversities, though they may come by
the will of heaven or through the disturbances
of the elements.
In sneaking of the vicissitudes which
have already -befallen Colombia-'Dr. Mar
roquin says: *> ?,:
Those who were then at its head under the
circumstances have had reasonable expecta
tions of success in a short time. To-day
things have changed and those who keep up
the tstruggH are entirely convinced of their
error. However, in their own wrath and eee
ir.c that their downfall is unavoidable, they
wi*h to drag into It the whole nation. The
rebels have no flag to follow." They propose to
demolish that which exists to-day. But no
body knows. what they would build up if they
could entirely accomplish their designs. To
Inflict >enreance on those who are not their
followers and to seize or destroy their prop
erty seems to be the only object of their ef
forts Til" excess to which they have com
mitted themselves and the transgressions into
which they have fallen . would be sufficient
reasons to dishonor and condemn any cause
that would have received their support. •
of excitement that obtains in the south
ern republic. Speaking of the time when
the rebellion was yet new Dr. Marroquin
says:
Forgetfulness on Part of
Employes Causes
Accident.
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO ENGINES
Less than five minutes later a message
was received on board the Lucania an
nouncing that her approach had been
flashed to' shore and from that section
into the office of the Herald. A' storm of
enthusiasm was caused among the passen
gers by the announcement that communi
cation with America had been established.
From the smoking room a cheer went up
for .the Herald, and another for Signor
Marconi, the inventor of wireless . teleg
raphy.
. "Nt, Nt, Nt," again and again the ques
tioning signal was flashed out across the
ocean. "Lv, Lv," there was at last the
answering signal.
"Here they are," shouted the operator,
and, sure enough, as distinctly as could
have been accomplished by means of a
land wire, the signal was printed on the
receiving tape, "Lv, Lv, Lv." A computa
tion was made by Captain McKay, who
found that -when communication - was
opened the two stations were seventy-two
miles apart. It was just six minutes after
6 o'clock by the ship's time when the dots
and dashes were received announcing that
the Nantucket lightship had received a
call from .the Lucania and communication
was declared perfected, .
Answering Signal Heceived.
Early signalling was done merely as an
experiment, but at 4 o'clock in the after
noon, while the Nantucket lightship was
still 120 miles to the westward, an elec
trical arm was extended in this . direction
in the first real attempt to establish shore
communication. "Nt, Nt, Nt," between
the brass walls of the Rhumkorff cbilHhe
magnetic spark danced and snapped • in
frenzy and the needle sharply and Im
patiently ticked the signal letters. While
others were impatient and fearful of
failure, the operator, standing with his
hand on the key from which he was send-*
ing mysterious waves scores of miles out
over the ocean, was as confident of suc
cess as he could have been had the two
ships stood side by side. He knew that at
Nantucket Shoals operators as competent
as himself were searching through space
for the Lucania, at the same time holding
themselves in readiness to receive his
messages. Standing just, bedeck of him
were "William Mulock, Postmaster General
of Canada, Representative Joy, member
of Congress from St. Louis, and Captain
McKay.
Early Signalling Done.
Desirous as they were of receiving word
from 'shore, the Lucania's passengers
were not less desirous of telling their
friends of that rush of water^approaching
the maemitude of a tidal wave that had
jumped across the bow, carrying panic
and destruction with it. On account of
the storm which prevailed for. three days
it had been found necessary to lower the
aerial .wire swinging from the lowering
mast and from which the magnetic signals
are given off and through which answer
ing signals are received. At noon on
Friday this wire was raised to Its posi
tion and Operator Hepworth had the
apparatus charged and ready for work.
;NEMT YORK, Aug. 17.— Since the Herald
undertook to establish a wireless teleg
raphy station on Nantucket Shoals light
ship to co-operate with those steamships
that will Install plants on board, experi
ments have been made, usually successful,
in New York harbor, but it has been
arranged that the Lucania should take
the first formal test in passing Nantucket.
On the steamship and on the lightship,
expert operators,; trained under the per
sonal direction of Slgnor Marconi, were
'stationed. The call of the Lucania was
"Nt." The answer from Nantucket Shoals
was to be "L.v." Hig-h up on the middle
bridge of the Lucania a telegraph station
liad been established and about it centered
the interest of all on board. For more than
five days those on the Lucania' had .been
"without news of the old and new worlds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passengers Are Enthusiastic
Over Wireless Telegraphy
. and Cheer for Marconi.
Incidents of the Sending
of Messages From
the Lucania.
HOW THE WORDS
COME FROM SEA
KING COTTON
IS TBIUMPHANT
DECLARES ANTI-CANTEEN
LAW IS A RANK FAILURE
Mrs. Clara Belle Brown Opens New Campaign for
Restoration of Closed Adjunct of the Camp.
Statistics on Exports
Show an Extraordi- \
nary Record.
Value of the Raw Product
Shipped Exceeds Former
Amounts.
WOMAN WHO SATS THE ARMY
CANTEEN IS A NECESSARY
INSTITUTION.
— ¦ — EFORE a large audience last
night Mrs. Clara Belle Brown de
livered a lecture on "The Canteen
_ From an Army Woman's Stand
point." Sherman-Clay Hall had
been handsomely decorated by direction
of Colonel Rawles, post commandant at
the Presidio, and in recognition of the
cause In which Mrs. Brown is now labor
ing the Third Artillery band was present
and rendered choice selections both be
fore and after the lecture.
One of the most amusing features of the
lecture was Mrs. Brown's reference to
Rev. Wilbur Crafts, the sponsor of the
anti-canteen law, and now. according to
her, "talking delegate" of the Interna
tional Reform Bureau of Chicago. Ex
tracts from the testimony of army officers
taken before the Senate committee were
read at length, and as each one favored
the continuance of the canteen her read
ing was frequently applauded.
Mrs. Brown spoke In part as follows:
My 'platform is essentially that of temper
ance—neither total abstinence nor excess.
Country children— and city politicians— know
what the see-saw is. It is a machine of
simple construction: a platform with a single
plank, but one end of It is always up in the
air while the other is on the ground. \
. The delirium of total abstlne'nce and fanat
icism is at one end of the see-saw, to which
1 now refer— the delirium of intoxication and
excels at the other. The safe, broad, solid
platform of real temperance is midway be
tween the two extremes.
Webster's dictionary gives this definition 'of
the word "temperance": "Moderate Indulg
ence of the appetite," "Temperately." "Wlth
moderatlon: without excess."
The word "temDerance" has too long: been
used to denote total abstinence from wine,
beer and strong liquors— without regard to any
other chase of our moral life.
A total abstainer is not temperate. A total
toper is not temperate. When the society called
"•The Woman's Christian Temperance Union"
was first organized it was something to re
vere. Its work was to redeem, not to accuse.
To-day it la an unbalanced political organiza
tion, with yearnings for power at the polls.
Its name is a mistake. It should be called
'•The Woman's Total Abstinence Society."
Many of Its members have no claim to the
name of Christian in act or thought. Many
have no right to rally under the total ab
stinence banner. I have talked with many
women who believe that a regular army officer
is a compound of brilliant regimentals and
champagne. That the private .soldier must
become a sot.
The fanatics of to-day. I believe to be the
last remnants of the thought which murdered
a god, burned the martyrs, dragged women as
witches to the stake, in our republic, and to
day cries out that our soldiers are drunkards
through the will of their officers.
The men who hold commissions in the
United States army are- supposed to know
something of what, is good for the private sol
dier. The greatest good to the greatest num
ber might be fitly applied to the government
of American soldiers by American officers. To
keep each soldier In his command neat, clean,
sober and "fit" is the duty and pride of each
man who holds a commission in our service.
There is no subject upon which the officers
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Augr. 17.— King Cot
ton made his best record In the fiscal year
Just closed. The figures of the Treasury
Bureau of Statistics show that the valua
of the raw cotton exported Jn the fiscal
year 1001 was more than In any previous
year in the history of the country, and
that the total value of cotton and its
.products exported averaged $1,000,000 for
Vvery day In the year.
The total value of raw cotton exported
in 1901 was $213,673,443, against $290,712,SPS
in the best year ever before known, 1S31;
and the total value of cotton, cotton
goods, cotton seed oil and meal and other
products of that plant exported was $365,
405,707. In quantity the exports of th©
year were not so great as In 1805. 1S98 cr
1899, but the price was so much better
that the value exceeded by many millions
that of th© years of "the greatest move
ment as measured In pounds. This brinpg
the export value of cotton and its proa
ucts above that of all breadstuffs or all
classes of provisions, and only about $100,
000,000 less than breadstuffs and provisions
combined, the year's exports of breaa
stuffs being $275,594,618 and of provisions
$196,958,878. The aggregate value of the
cotton exports In the past decade is over
$2,000,000,000. • •
The following tables show the value of
the raw cotton exported in each of th©
high record years since 1S4S, the quantity
exported In the high record years since
1880 and the value of the exportation of
all cotton products in the fiscal year just
ended:
Value of cotton exports In the years of high
est record, from 1S4S to 1901: .
Tear— '•¦ Value.
1843 $61,998,234
1S51 112.315,317
1S5S 123.3S2.3T.1
1S60 l:»i, si *>,."..-,
1566 (a) 200.439,529
(b) 2S1.3S5.2-JS
1567 (a) 142,783.933
(b) 201. 470.423
1S70 (a) „ 1S4.187.438
(b) : 227,027.624
1873 (b) >. 227.243.08:>
1876 (b) 193,659,262
1880 211.535.905
1881 247.63o.746
1S83 247,328,721
18SS ; 223.016.76O
1890 360,768,792
1891 290.712.898
1392 25S.4S1.2U
1397 230.S30.971
1900 241.832.737
1901 313.673.443
(a) Gold value, (b) Paper currency value.
Quantity of cotton exports in years of high
est record:
Quantity,
Tear— Pounds.
1SS1 2.190.923.772
1S90 2.471.799.853
1892 2.935,219.811
1895 3,517,433.109
1598 3.850,264.205
1599 3,773,410.293
1900 3.10O.583.1S*
1901 • 3,330,800,443
Value of cotton and its products exported in
1901: \
Cotton, raw $313,673,443
Cotton manufactures • -2&,272.41S
Cottonseed oil 16.541.321
Cottonseed meal 13.119.9fi3
Cotton waste l,431,60t
Cottonseed ....'. 366,953
' Total $365,405,707
of the United States army are so solid a unit
as this one of the canteen.
Mrs. Brown read, the result of a can
vass made recently at the Presidio on th©
canteen question. Four hundred soldiers
were invited to give their opinion, and It
was found that seven were opposed to the
canteen, twenty-one were Indifferent and
three hundred and seventy-two favored
its restoration. ¦.«.;"¦.<
At the close of her lecture Mrs. Brown
was warmly congratulated by her audi
ence, many ladles shaking her by th»
hand.
. ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ . » t , - ¦ - • -'-';.¦¦¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUN DAT,-' AUGUST 18, 1901.
16
FREE! FREE! FRFFf
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week.
J. G. IRVING, .
4 Mile Ranch. Placerville, Cal.
Gained 30 Pounds in 3 Months.
J. G. IRVING. THE WELL KNOWN
RANCHER, SAYS:
"It is. now a few days over three : months
since I be^an Drs. Shores & Shores' treatment.
Three months ago I WAS SIMPLT A -WRECK
AND ALMOST WITHOUT HOPE. TO-DAT
I PEEL HEALTHY AND ROBUST AND
¦FULL OF VIGOR. My sickness was CA-
TARRH AFFECTING MY HEAD. STOM-
ACH, LIVER. BRONCHIAL TUBES AND
KIDNEYS. I would hawk and spit, and when
I would eat a little . I would have such pain
ln my stomach for an hour after "that I could
not Bit, He down or work; I would have to walk
around until I would get easy. I also had head-
aches, and constant diarrhoea, lasting several
days at a time. I tried to diet myself, but It did
no good. . I had backache, ringing in ears, af-
fecting my hearing, hawking and spitting, pain
behind breast bone, coated tongue, bad taste
in mouth and loss of appetite. I became so
reduced and run down I had NIGHT SWEATS
AND THOUGHT THE .END HAD. ABOUT-
COME because during the last two years I-
have tried doctors and have . used everything
recommended to me for my trouble, but got
no relief.- This was my condition, when, three
months, ago, I was looking over the paper and
saw Drs. Shores' advertisement and their won-
derful cures, and concluded to write to them,
and 1 1 am "glad that I did. Drs. Shores an-
swered my letter, and told me'THET HAD
CURED OTHERS.S AND THOUGHT THEY
COULD CURE ME.' I sent for their medi-
cine, and the THIRD DAY after I started to
use their medicines I BEGAN TO IMPROVE
My bowels became regular, and have remained
so >¦ ever since, r MY STOMACH DOES NOT
BOTHER ME ANY MORE, .and I can eat all
kinds of food and have no distress whatever
My appetite is good, and I HAVE BUILT UP
UNTIL I HAVE GAINED THIRTY POUNDS
IN WEIGHT IN THREE MONTHS.\No more
hawking, no more headaches, and I : FEEL
WELL. AND STRONG IN. EVERY WAY.
• "I WANT. PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFLICT-
ED TO CALL ON ME OR WRITE, AND I
WILL GLADLY ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS
FOR I FEEL THAT. DRS. SHORES HAVE
SAVED MY LIFE, and will sing Drs. Shores-
praises and recommend their treatment to all'
for, It ha» mastered my catarrh,- affecting the
head. ; stomach, silver and bowels." • . ¦¦>¦
"(Signed),;, -:.-—--. J.G.' IRVING, ,
.. ¦ .".Four-Mlle Ranch; Placerville, • Cal." ',
IN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICT-
ed the value of correct diagnosis in the cure of Deafness, Cartarrh and
all forms of Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases, Drs. Shores
have arranged to examine absolutely free of charge all who apply before Au-
gust 25. Drs. Shores will tell you, free, what the disease is from which you
suffer, the "CAUSE". of your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can
be cured. . , :.*;;i-
This grand special offer goes into effect AT ONCE and holds good ever*
day this week up to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK AUGUST 24
ro all who apply. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. Apply any
TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL
AT DRS. SHORES' EXPENSE.
Shores court the fullest Investigation. This expert examination 1. absolute? free to^n
NE K?6uTo^^^^^ «. OB,CUK E .
wlth^tW. doctor or that, and spend hundred, oTdSlaT, on "FAKE plraN^ME^/
pert examination will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT .
If you are a "Doubting Thomas" as to Drs. Shores' skill; if you »re deaf- if >.
Catarrh: if you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are in DOUBT at to he CAr-v
of your ailment. Drs. Shores especially invite you to come This? free eWrt ««^ .7
is made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS SHoS ARE •?&£?££
WHAT THEY ARE IN NAME. SAN FRANCISCO'S : L^DIXO tJ^E
TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS.. CATARRH AND AUTforSs W NE™ TSS
COMPLICATED, CHRONIC DISEASES. Drs. Shores' voluntary testLo^^ t AND :
UOINT THE WAT. If you apply this week Drl Shores wn^ell^S rC-i*,^'
ailment Is and If you can be cured. DO NOT DBLA1 ? cS5 E ANT 01^1? WeeT '
After you have had your case diagnosed, free. If you want to teearedDra ShoreJ n,f,
m n edlctn?s%"eV Wlthl \ eMy rCaCh Ot alU *£™**S?~ a » «S^ B 2^L^S
¦ • ' " • • m .
SPECIALTIES. .
CATARRH— Deafness. Nose and Throat
Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases, Bronchial
and Lung Troubles, r Asthma, Stomach. Liver
and Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Female
Complaints, Diseases of Women and Children,
Heart Disease,' Nervous Diseases. Chorea (or
St. Vitus* Dance), Rickets, Spinal Trouble,
Ovarian Diseases;, Sciatica and Rheumatism,
Diseases of the Bowels, ¦• Piles. Fistula and
Rectal Troubles, Lost Manhood. Private Dis-
eases, Goiter (or Bis Neck), Blood Diseases.
Tapeworm, Hay Fever. Hysteria, Epilepsy, In-
somnia, etc.
WE TREAT CATARRH AND ALL
FORMSOP SERVOUS AND CHRONIC
DISEASES. X
Write if Yoa Lire' Away From itii City.
MM3M& °^^ g €
i? . i.i-' rl> ¦ what it la that ails tou its
svtJ.V»1™ ki v hOI^L new «»««atl>n list and
symptom blanks. When you ha\e aaswcre,l
these questions and retornefl tiem to dm
Shores for the FREE EXAMIX\TIO\ bv
return mall you will receive a ccmplete "dlag-
v«f, *i°nw° Ur atlm 5 nt - Dr 9 - Shrrei will iell
you HOW you suffer and WHY vou mtrZr
and W1IETHEH you can be 'uilS „ n '
and EXACTLY WHAT If wH cott you m
be CURED. THIH EXPER* EXuiiv^
ili > \i s ho ad a s^t e %; F^§"ii°
WRITES TO-DAY, If you eant calL
DRS. SHORES & SHOkES,
SPECIALISTS, ( 7
¦ISSSSrff? HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. an
- OFFICE HOURS-W«k days, 9 a. m. to 4 P- m. °t'o I'
ounaays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon, SBSSJli SISffi
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ; 'L.,^^.-.-,^^-':-,
H o • i
g= f f OB5Lv3 dllvl ¦ v^ *LH v^vPCl i>^© 3
I $15 aBd $12.50 SllkWaists 0 P OR $8.50 Silk 0 p nn |
1 /^ .£*££££ »K"W Petticoats vHiUw /& i
•£- *?«^f for those wh0 B 9 r«nli There is no ¦ 1 T..!, 7 A'-'i'AO =2
S^- .^^3*r*V- T want a swell sllk KB rXl.ll lei-up here ln ttL-«I r At 81 *( V"-y * -"""
«¦— y^^rp*~ J jr^ waist for much Kg^ tUUII the • Sllk Petti- &.UUII \Y7~ : 'K
5^" \<t3f i^§&z£f*5 ! . less than half coat selling. It V |T — •
•»- s^/jZ / ?dJ^sK. Price. Just 150 go is because we are constantly planning <*m
S— y^^yvv^^rn on sale to-morrow rrorning — the hand- - to give you something extraordinary. 11 :^J
¦»— lfi/£r'/tfi/yi\% Romest waists imported this season. This accounts for. the tremendous sales ,^»
SC^ U'fflW'MAwtJ Thev are sample waists— no two alike in this department. Another big sale » . j^p
•"" r^s*y%# made of Peau de Sole. Satmana lar- £ a. durable Taffeta Sllk, -nrlth a f? «r?fff»/ / ,•. V^^^^-^
«£= / Jtf%r feta Sllk ' elabora J el >' em , b V? 1 ?™J 10-lnch accordion plaited flounce, fln-fcaigfoJj J«llr
g- / C-J^\ in colors of Black and White, White cut extra fuU . ln colon O fPink. Car- ZS
\ and Black, Rose. Green, Pink. Light dinal. Reseda, Emerajd, i Tan, Rose, =55
•^~" Bine Lavender, Red. Royal and Navy. Turquoise, l»avender, "Royal, Cyrano ft ¦ — «a
5^ On special sale at the extraordinarily low price of $5.95 and Black. A regular $S.EO skirt. On % u ~S
s»— eacn . Worth $12.50 and $15. special sale, commencing to-morrow, at ?o.OO eacn
1 Extra Special Offering of New Fall Dress Goods. |
•^~ Of all the Dress Goods Sales we hare held THIS ONE is by far the most important in bargain ==5
£ strength, as the items and prices will testify. We want to make this the banner Dress Goods' week, there- :=S
S£= fore had to prepare for the biggest values. Here are the details: -g
& SATIN PRUNELLAS. gSSSaff'SU,™ 0 - ' High-Class Black S2 QUALITY TO-MORROW $1. 35 3
•^ /Sw f\ «i AH Wool Satin Finished Prunella. It ranks BfOUtlClOtll 311(1 ' Extra fine quality high class, satin finished
m — v l» VII IT right to the front this seaRon among- the plain ' > Venetian and Broadcloth, 52. inches wide, one — — •
S^ f3U tJlIltl faced materials; a soft, rich and handsome stuff VHHPt 311. of the finest fabrics imported; used principally ;-•
WW VUI11 for a stylish fall costume: In shades of New "iiciiain for taUor gowns or sklrts; warranted fast =5.
fc- Blue Reseda, Rose National Blue, Cadet, Castor. Brown, Gray black, Iondon dye; actually worth J2.00 a yard; to-mor- <Cfl-35 -^g
: and Garnet. Regular value $7.50. On special sale at <J?ft.0O row Yard «P *
g— , suit *$*y — • i
•*— All Wnnl Hranifo One of the most popular dress ma- Z*m
•— ftlrflUUI UICIIUC OUIlltlgd terials for fall; warranted pure Mi Rloplf PriMPl 3 Thls season's choicest fabric, warranted • — ¦ •
m Mfindai /L/Le* Yarrf »n colors of Cardinal. Old ?liUU DiaUR rlUHBIIO a ii WO ol; a beautiful, soft and rich mate- ~"*!
KUUUaj 6 -5-«-*l^ 1CIU. Ros^ castor. Gray. Tan. Brown. T9c YaFt! rial, fast black dye, sell regularly at =35
JT~ Reseda and New Blue; cood value at 60c a yard. For AAf ¦**¦++ ¦ 51.00 yard. On special sale to- p 7Ckc' ""•
Monday only at Yard morrow at ; Yard * C7V"
I Black Peau de Soie Silk on Special Sale for Monday, i
If you have Black Silks to buy you must come here to-morro\r, because the values are bigger than
ever before. 6O pieces finest quality, rich, and lustrous Black Silks were turned over to 'us on Saturday o{)o
g" by a prominent importer who found himself overstocked. We secured them art a big sacrifice and they
Sr: will go to you on the same basis — but for to-morrow only. _*¦¦
5^ R7p Yard S500 > aras rJch »3a Yard 4O00 ***&* extra |Q Yard 3000 yards <s« 07 Yard 2500 yards su- US
0O0 SfVnl ' and lustrous *f ., C *I«r' heavy Black *» 1 1- •*» J» IQ » B 1 a c k Dress •»!-»*/ 1310, pe r , or gra< i e ;^
•^ Worth 85c. Black Peau de Worth S .25. Peau de Sole: a Worth $ .50. Peau de Sole - Worth S2.00. ° n - boiied
g- »••»«"> «*"»• Sole: the S5c " UIUI Vi"*wt grand wearing "«•«"»"*'»'. wear guaran . iiumii vt.uu. Black Peau -*»
J^_* Quality. For Monday. .57c Yard quality; elegant value at J1.25. teed; regular value $1.50. For de Sole, a masrnlflcent quality ' -T5
On sale for Mcnday-at..89c Yd. Monday $1.1!) Yard well worth $2.00 yard. For
§7"~ Monday ?1.3T Yard ~^g
9m^~ "^^>SS2^ Fupprlor sheetinp-, Fize *ff
j^** 29c Yard. • . "~^i
it -K COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. * __4<
ST IMMENSE EMBROIDERY SALE. SALE OF FRENCH FLANNELS THE GREATEST BLANKET SALE, 3
2CC, ISc and 15c Values. MONDAY 39C YARD. eo QO DAID 2
£ g* ,n.ir w ! if^& E t m o: Regular Value 60c. ¦»*' ™™ ¦",
S= f€'** »"C morrow for less than manu- They are here already, those Regular Value $4. SO. -^
y* Yd facturer's cost. In the regular pretty and soft French- Flan- There have been all sorts of Blanket sales ""••
«^ '«( I Ui wa >' the y would cost you al- nels which will be so popular of late, but this offering represents the great- T£
**" K most double, but we took e\erj' 1°* waists; 60 pieces go on spe- est of them all. AVe will place on sale «00 *^»
y~ / 'fcj « yard a leading importer had on cial sale for Monday, only at pairs WHITE BLANKETS, made by the lead- •-*¦
•—'-./ . !£A , I hand. There are edgingrs and 29c j-ard. Tour choice in the Jng California "n'oolen Mills. ' and offer them *^f
1 • V *t*?/ insertions 3 to S inches wide, following colorings: Cardinal, at a price that will make this the blsrgest n
ZSZZ y \>£\,\^ Z ooi qualities, strong edges, Garnet. Old Rose, New Blue, Blanket bargain event of the entire year 3!
•»- open and close Pa" 6 ™ 8 - hand- Navy, Nile, Light Blue. Reseda. JSveiy Pair Is absolutely perfect, beautifully <i
y~ xfcr^TT.'XiJP some designs; most of them Green, ' Turquoise, Tan and silk-bound, extra large size and heavv sold —¦**
S£jz£**i*%8> are worth 20c a lffer* I-avender. After Mon- (±f\c regularly at $4 50.. To-morrow CrC&.HX "T*
y •~*£> < ~Ki;^&!?' To-morrow Yard * vfV* day ...: Tard v»V/W ; Pair ?p £ ~*£
E ANOTHER BIG SALE OF DRESS $2.50 COMFORTERS A SALE OF BELTS— 59c EACH, i
£ SKIRTS. :§i]i $1.95 EACH. * - Re e ular "•"o* *'¦»<>.
w»— «¦»•...»»• v>iww •.!»«»¦•¦ _^-^rt^- - ¦¦^ We announce for to-morrow ~~S
T~ 100 Handsomest S'lk Skirts Vly.hU This is unquestionably a rare fe^||ai~^#a special sale of Ladles' Belts, "*•
•^ f, n » < a ioT n Morrwat i\ ft V k bargain that you don't want to H^^BSH^^Cr, f " farl of tlle season. The ZS
«- G3 on bale lO-Mor.CWat Each „,,,. They are fully 6x7 feet. girdle effect, made of
fc : Worth S30.OO filled with purest white cotton fe^^^vl /Fgg}&&' n Iack Tuckod Satin, beautifully -^ •
•— " . J." ".,.„„ «a . and covered on both sides with shaped, with dainty gilt, silver. =5
*— An un- C S£\ the choicest and newest silkoline; oxidized and black buckles- _*5
5^1 paralleled In price in- «i? regular $2 50 comfort- (1.DA regular value ?1. For CO^' =2
»^_ terests. New York a yj ers Monday at... Each tj) 1 7*3^ Monday Each OtPC jZ
biggest Silk Dreis ihSj$ ' -—5
y* manufacturer clostd /V^Wi - ""^ i
S^= out to us some of the J/\TfrJ 011ft AUFt IKl» • nni-iv <*• m»i- -^g
3^ richest and handsom- TUftl/fl AWU IOC A RRFAT Rl flVF (ft^ 1)
•£: est skirts made for this , \€m{ U/*0U OAfinC UI1LHI ULUIL \\\U%s H =S
g . W WASH GOODS $1.00 PAIR. flyvd 3
J^I flouTice shape. trtameJ ftr\M ' v "' e have gathered f \t A . [ } -~ **
•fc~- v.i;h ruffles and ruch- #?fWT together all this HP V fl .>, , C C 1 -to-morrow to wcure )
«g- ing; entire top tucked JO»J } . season's odd pieces ¦Jlj I II , the best $1 glove in San Fran- LI \\ ZS
Zl in clusters; the hang Mi I V of Dimities. Lawns ** w M cisco. A new lot just received, /I U "2
£= and fit are perfect in LfaDsw and Batistes, ln light and dark made of the finest French kid, ' ' ill
—— every respect. Every grounds, pretty depiKn?: that overseam style, with 2-olasp ?/Sdy U — «
5t= rtirt worth at least «0. Jg3&MiS9at!$& were 2°° and 15c a >' ard; the fasteners: in • Tan. Mode, Ited, p U\J -«
ro-morrow C1Q5O ®F7 entire lot to be closed out K/-. Brown. White and Black, all r , "VT =31
•*- Each OlO — ,'^^ati^g^' to-morrow at ..Yard U^ sizes; fitted and guaranteed. _^b
If yoa haven't a regular, healthy movement of the
bowel* every day, you're ill or will be. Keep your
bowel* open, and be welL Force, in the shape of «rio-
lcnt phTEic or pill poison, is dcr.crrouF. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear and clean la to take'
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Kevcr Slclien, Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 25, and CO cents
per box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
be&ltb. Address 433
fcTIXUSG BEXZDT COEFiXT, CHICAGO or XEfT TOEK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN• The \ first evidence of the civilizing In
fluence of expansion is seen in the Omaha
tmll-flghts. » . ¦ -'•'- -^-
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 17.— The Bayview
men will strike. The vote on President
to Be Shut Down Indefinitely.
BAYVIEW MEN" WILL STRIKE.
Plant of : the Illinois Steel Compary
10-30 pairs of ladles' "shoes and ties for
25c ra'l pair /.will be ; sold, to-morrow, .there
being but one- week left; to dispose of the
entire stock of the { California. - The table
Is loaded with sizes to fit your feet for 25c
a ' pair at ~ the 1 ; Bankrupt Shoe , Sale. , 1506
Market street.-; above City, Hall avenue.*
Only One .Week- Hftore.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17.— Los Angeles
to-day officially accepted and opened to
the public what Is j declared to be the
widest street tunnel. of its length in the
world., The .structure, known as the
North Broadway tunnel, is 760 feet long,
40 feet wide and 22 feet high, and cost the
city $69,560. The only other underground
driveway that equals the Los Angeles
tunnel in width is the Philadelphia, but
the length of the latter Is insignificant.
Thirty thousand cubic yards of dirt were
removed in the construction of the
Broadway tunnel, 4000 cubic yards of con
crete were put in and 1,162,000 bricks were
used in. the arch. .• . ¦¦
Great Street Tunnel Opened.
Increased Valuation in Colorado.
DENVER. Aug. 17.— The State Board of
Assessors, working under the provisions
of the new revenue law, adjourned to-day,
having: finished' the assessment of corpor
ation property In the State- Their valu
ation is $126,000,000, against ' I35.COO.000
placed on the same property under the old
law. . .:¦ • ¦¦¦' ¦ '
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17. — Street.
Sprinkling Contractor A- P. Cross, who
runs a boarding house for his employes,
to-day pleaded guilty of supplying his ta
bles with oleomargarine and waa sen
tenced to pay a nno of $50. This is the
first conviction under the new pure food
law.
Gave Oleomargarine to Boarders.
One of the sharpest criticisms of Von
Waldersee comes from the Cologne Volks
Zeitung, a leading Centrist organ, which
compares him to Dr. von Mlquel, the for
mer Minister, and refers to him as "play
ing ¦ the role of • a secret Genen-Kanzler
(anti-Chancellor). 1 The. paper asks whether
Von ; Bulow regards it : in Germany's ¦ in
terest that Von Waldersee should make
such speeches,^ adding: :„'¦, . \
.-."If things go ¦. on. in this. manner it will
be Impossible i to maintain Germany's pol
icy, at • alL ' If a ' zijgzajj . course is ' bad
Bitter. Comment in Papers.
It is a curious fact that many papers
are discussing which nation Von Walder
see meant as the one whose name paled.
They agree that it could only have been
Great Britain. Indeed, the reference is re
garded as being so direct as to be impol
itic. The Anglophobe papers, however,
rejoice that Von Waldersee "expressed
himself frankly." Even these papers ad
vise him to "speak briefly or not at all."
On© of the most interesting inferences
drawn from Waldersee's. speeches is that
ho hopes to become Count von Bulow's
'successor as Chancellor. .This is widely
believed, but any one who saw how bent
and weary- Von Waldersee looked -.in the
funeral procession cannot credit the story.
. BERLIN, Aug. 17.— Since the funeral of
the Dowager Empress Frederick this has
been Field Marshal Count von Waldersee's
week. Immediately after the- interment
of the remains a chorus of criticisms of
Von Waldersee broke forth in the press,
owing to his speech at Hanover. ' Papers
of the most different shades are weary of
Von Waldersee's talkativeness, which is
regarded as not only in bad taste In the
allusion to other nations, whose "names
paled in China," but as magnifying the
China campaign far beyond its actual im
portance. *
"My Lords and Gentlemen: It Is satis
factory to be able to close the first Par
liament of my reign with the assurance
that the cordiality of the relations of
Great Britain with the other powers re
mains undhninlshed." . > "
A reference to China is merely congrat
ulatory, on the attainment, of an agree
ment" in regard to the indemnity, security
for its payment and the . punishment , of
the most guilty offenders. In regard to
South Africa the speech says: f ¦
"The progress of my forces in the con
quest of the two republics by which my
South African colonies have been invad
ed has - been steady and continues. . But,
owing to the difficulty and extent of the
country to be traversed, the length of the
military operations has been protracted."
The speech refers to the signal success
of the Duke of Cornwall and York's visit
to the colonies as "additional proof of the
patriotism, loyalty and devotion of the
people of my dominions over the sea."
The rest of | the speech merely records
the King's satisfaction with the liberal
provisions made , for tho naval and mili
tary services; the arrangements made for
the maintenance of the honor and dignity
of the crown, : "especially those which I af
fect ..the .state and comfort of my royal
consort," and the authorization to change
the royal .title. ; It concludes:/ , . . .
"I earnestly commend, you to the merci-
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Parliament wound
its business to-day and was prorogued.
Black Rod (General Sir Michael Biddulph)
summoned . the Commons at about . 4
o'clock to the House of Lords to hear the
King's speech. . The royal commissioners
on this occasion were the Lord Chancellor,
Earl Halsbury, the Duke of Marlborough.
Lord Ashbourne, the Earl of JClntore and
Earl Waldegrave. They were all attired
In their peers* robes. On the arrival of
the Commons the speech was read. It
says: . •;.'S i .) x^ • -
Rumor Is Spreading That
He Expects the Chan
cellorship.
South African War Dismissed
With Commonplace
Comment. " •
German Editors Heap
Abuse on the Field
Speech From the Throne
Contains No Big
Sensation.
INSPECTOB IS NAMED >- r
FOB INDIAN" WAREHOUSE
Successor Is Appointed to the Place
From Which, an Official
Was Ousted.
"WASHINGTON, Angr. 17.— Charles B. T.
Neal of Brooklyn haa been appointed In
spector of Clothing for the Indian ware
house at New ¦ York, * succeeding the
Incumbent, whose resignation -was re
quested on account of recent discoveries
that clothing not up to the standard waa
being furnished by r the contractor.
Commissioner or Indian Affairs Jones
returned to-day from New . York, where
he Investigated the matter. He declined
to discuss the Question further than to
say that all the goods not up to the stand
ard either had or would shortly be re
placed with satisfactory garments.
VON WALDERSEE
THEIR TARGET
KING IS WARY
OF ACTING CRITIC
Returning: to the House of Commons,
the members filed past the Speaker, shak
ing hands with him, and the first Parlia
ment of King Edward VII waa ended.
ful protection and guidance of Almighty
God."
Of the 1400. men employed at the Bay
view works 219 belong to the Amalgamat
ed Association. They are the tonnasre men.
Besides the union men there were 200 other
skilled men employed, including roll turn
ers, engineers, machinists, carpenters,
blacksmiths, pipe-fitters and men straight
ening plates and- working on hot beds.
The engineers and roll turners formerly
belonged to the Amalgamated Associa
tion and are in sympathy with It. Em
ployment was given to 1000 unskilled men,
200 of whom worked in the blast furnaces.
Leaders of the Amalgamated Associa
tion now in this city declare that the ac
tion of- the Bayview men will have im
portant bearing on the situation. • They
claim that South Chicago will likely be
influenced, in the same direction. Taking
this view, association leaders gain en
couragement in the war with the United
States Steel Corporation.
W. C. Davis of Chicago, after the meet-
Ing, spoke in strong terms of praise of the
action of the lodge. Davis looks for an
immediate change In the situation at
South Chicago when* -the news of the re
sult of the Bayview meeting becomes
known to the men In his city.
When the meeting was called to order
this afternoon it is said that 157 members
of the lodge out of a total of 219 were
present. Assistant Secretary Michael J.
Tighe made a- long -appeal to the men to
obey the mandate of President Shaffer.
Tighe was followed ' by W. C. Davis of
South Chicago, , vice president of the
Fourth District,- who spoke on. the same
lines. President Joseph Redfern of the
Bayview Lodge took the negative side
and was followed by others who were not
in favor of going out. The speech -making
occupied five hours, and it was close upon
9 o'clock to-night when a secret ballot
was- taken, the result showing a majority
in favor of a strike. When the result was
announced a motion to make the vote
unanimous in favor of obeying the famous
order was carried without a dissenting
voice. The tension throughout the meet
ing was 'great.
Shaffer's order is said to have been unan
imous, after a session of the lodge lasting
five hours. The plant of the Illinois Steel
Company at Bayview will be shut down
indefinitely and about 1400 men will be
rendered idle.
The mass meeting at White's Opera
house at McKeesport to-night was at
tended by 800 tube workers and was very
enthusiastic. There was keen disappoint
ment, however, at the absence of Presi
dent Shaffer, who was unable to be pres
ent. Secretary John Williams and Ben I.
Davis made the principal speeches. The
former said this strike was the , most
peaceable In the history of the- country,
and that it was so because Intelligent
methods were being used. Both reviewed
the situation and urged the men to remain
firm in their position. . The meeting broke
up with cheers for Mayor Black..- •
The only feature of this removal worthy of
nctc is the fact that all possible weight - is
being given to its significance. In order to in
fluence the people in the towns that will be af
fect' d by the loss of the plants. The fact,
however, that there will not be enough men
to operate the mills even after they are re
moved ¦without our people precludes the idea
that the trust will gain anything by this
threat, which is utterly void of significance
when sifted down to the bottom facts.
At a meeting at Benwood City Hall to
night at 10 o'clock the workers in the steel
department of the Riverside plant of the
National Tube Company voted to join the
strike. It was directed to notify, the man
agement that the steel workers would not
return to work Monday morning, and that
In the meantime they would be taken into
membership in Wheeling Lodge No. 5 of
the Amalgamated Association. This leaves
but 150 men of the 8000 in the Wheeling
district mills of the United States Steel
Corporation still at work. These 150 are
the Riverside furnace men, and it Is said
they will be organized next week and
strike.
Ever since the United States Steel Corpora
tion was formed the plan for cencentrating
plants' in towns where economical operation
was the Btrongest feature has been discussed
and practically decided upon. The only mat
ter left to be settled was a favorable oppor
tunity for carrying out this plan. While bus
iness was so rushed It was directed to keep
•11 mills In operation. They would not have
been moved for some time had it not been
that the men refused to work In them under
the conditions imposed by the officials of the
company. Now that the mills are idle and the
trust believes that they will be for some time,
owing to the determined attitude of the men,
thin plan of removal will be carried out at
once. ',<?¦ \'"\' ¦-'** :
President Shaffer made a statement
¦with respect to the threat of the United
States Steel Corporation to remove cer
tain of their plants from cities where
strong union sentiment prevailed to com
munities that were inclined to be more
friendly. He said:
To Influence the People.
warn the strikers to keep within the law,
but say that If there Is any aggression
against them or any attempt at cur
tailment of their legal rights they cannot
be held responsible for their conduct.
'The Breslau . Chamber of Commerce has
unanimously I passed ( a- resolution . against
maximal minimal, duties, and the
largest manufacturers of Anhalt and the
Province of. Saxony have - unanimously
adopted a .resolution, against every in
crease in duties. .' .
The general secretary of the association,
Herr Burck, : publishes a long reply sup
porting the association's opposition to the
double system of -duties, since It is a
"hindrance to commercial treaties/which
is a life : or death : auestion for • manufac
turers." The controversy seems to por
tend a breach between the manufacturers
and; Agrarians which ; may • have decisive
Influence upon, the tariff legislation.
• The tariff bill continues to be discussed
in a lively manner. The most interesting
event- this week In connection with the
tariff agitation was the declaration of
the Central- Association against maximal
and minimal duty on cereals, and the
Agrarians were there, too. The declar
ation so enraged the Kreuz Zeitung that
the paper threatened 'that the Agrarians
would vote to abolish the iron duties
which are most oppressive to agriculture
and to then wipe out ' all protection on
manufactured goods. "Ehe Deutsche Tages
Zeitung, a leading Agrarian organ, ap
plauds the Kreuz Zeltung's threat.
The Conservatives defend Von "Walder
see's utterances, but the Berlin Neueste
Nachrichten does so clumsily, by pleading
it was a "confidential, informal and
wholly extempore ; speech." ->*.;¦ v
The National Liberal , papers criticize
the speech unfavorably.' The Muenicher
Allgemeine Zeitung says it is tactless, and
the, National Zeitung refers to its "vain
glorious challenging tone." j
Challenging and Vainglorious.
Referring to Von "Waldersee's expres
sion "Other nations paled while the Ger
man name mounted higher," the-Ham
burger , Nachrichten continues: "Such
vainglorious expressions unnecessarily
draw the attention of our rivals to us. It
mobilizes them against' us,, the effect of
which we must feel very shortly." It
regards the speech as calculated to foster
anti-German feeling in the foreign press,
causing "fresh suspicions to be aimed at
Germany." ,.'....
"His Hanover speech by.~no means
shows his fitness for the Chancellorship.
It is unstatesmanlike for him to boast of
diplomatic achievements in China In a
form directly wounding to other nations."
' The Hamburger Nachrichten (National
Liberal) disposes of Von Waldersee rather
savagely. It says: ,
enough in internal politics, much more
must many cooks spoil the broth in dip
lomatic affairs. Either the nation will
have to accept the Chancellorship of Von
Waldersee or he. must stop talking."
The plant has been put In a defensive
condition and arrangements have been
made to have the workers on the property
until there is no longer any dancer that
they will be molested. There is also dan
c^r of trouble at the Carnegie plants.
They are all heavily guarded and a dem
onstration against them by the strikers
•would, it is feared, provoke a serious
clash. The strike leaders continue to
Good order has been preserved through
out all the districts, but the irritation at
points of contact between strikers and
strike breakers is increasing and it Is be
lieved here that there will be violence be
fore another week elapses. Monessen Is
picked as one of the places where trouble
is expected. It is stirred to the fighting
1>oint by the plan to start the steel mill
A^Kith non-union men. A force of the lat
*ft?r gathered in the South is expected at
7the mill daily, and the strikers have pa
trolled the town in expectation of its ar
rival. They declare that the non-union
men shall not be permitted to enter the
mill and the steel managers are just as
cetermined that they shall.
Good Order Prevails.
One business man denned the strike as
being topheavy. The steel corporation has
made no move toward breaking the strike
in McKeesport, but unquestionably will do
something if there is a further growth of
the reactionary sentiment. The strike
leaders scout the suggestion that their
I»osltion in McKeesport is in any danger.
They say they have the town tied up, and
that they will keep it so until the strike
is won.
It is also claimed that sentiment Is
shifting around in reaction from the wave
of unionism that swept over the city, and
that conservative opinion among business
and professional classes favors the re
sumption of work by all men not directly
concerned- in the strike.
The information from Milwaukee and
"Wheeling came after a day of exceeding
quietness throughout the strike districts.
The forces at the non-union mills in oper
ation were not increased during the day
and neither side had made an important
move. The employes of the Pennsylvania
Tube Works, a. plant in this city con
trolled by the National Tube Company,
completed their organization as a lodge of
the American Federation, of Labor to-day ,
and made a demand on the management
for a general advance in wages. There are
about 1000 employes in the works and it is
claimed that S'b of them have been or
ganized. They threatened to join the
strike unless their demand was granted.
The management agreed to meet a. com.
mittc-e on Monday, and it is believed an
advance in wages will be agreed to. These
:;re the first men outside the Amalgamat
ed Association to couple a demand in their
own behalf with their threat to strike.
The strikers are making a determined
effort to extend their organization among
the men employed by the great group of
Carnegie mills. It is understood they
liave secured a foothold in the Duquesne
property and that the men who have
Jninrrt them will be called out probably
to-morrow or Monday. The officials of the
cempany admit that they may lose some
men. but that the boast of the Amalga
¦ crated Association to close the plant down
Thrill never be fulfilled.
Possible Break in. Banks.
There is a strong possibility of an early
break in the ranks of the strikers at Mc-
Keesport- Many of the unorganized men
have become dissatisfied and make no se
cret of their threat to 'go boldly back to
the National Tube Company and ask for
their places just as soon as they gain suf
ficient following to withstand pressure
from the strikers or are given a. guaran
tee of personal protection. Several of
them, in stating their position, say they
*iave everything to lose and nothing to
gain by staying out. They have made no
demands in their own behalf on their tm- :
plovers, but are merely out in an effort to
strengthen the hands of the Amalgamated
Association. Wherever and however the
contest ends, they say, they can see noth
ing in it for them but loss of wages and
possibly a loss of places.
Threaten to Join the Strike.
\\ hen the news from Milwaukee reached
nere to-night it was quickly spread among
j'.ie strikers. They were highly enthusi
astic over it and renewed their assur
ances of their complete confidence in final
success in their contest against the Unit
ed States Steel Corporation. The leading
steel officials had gone to their homes
when the news was received and no ex
pression on the subject was obtainable
irom them. An officer of a subsidiary
company said that it would merely make
the steel corporation more determined to
win. •-;.'.
mea in the Riverside plant at Wheeling
had voted to strike, awakened new enthu
siasm, in the ranks of the Amalgamated
Association and its followers to-day.
There had been some doubt as to the
final decision of the Milwaukee lodges and
it was feared that if the vote were ad
verse Joliet might reconsider its last pre
vious vote and the chances of winning
Chicagro would be greatly reduced. The
Milwaukee vote inspired them with the
hope that Chicago can be prevailed upon
to reconsider its vote and come over to
ihe strikers. •
by the wired announcement that the steel
PITTSBURG. Aug. 17.— Xews that the
Milwaukee men had decided to cast their
fortunes with the strikers, supplemented
Serious Trouble Is Feared
When Imported Men Ar
rive From South.
More Workers to Cast
Their Lot With the
Amalgamation.
STEEL STRIKERS
GAIN RECRUITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, A tJGtJST 18, 1901.
17
TgE 1 EMPORIUM. j- ¦ * ElffPOBJPllI. ¦ ; | ,. TOCT^ JOCPOBrOTIg, | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. - | THE EMPORIUM.
£ Special Sale of $1.25 Curtains 98c. W'HHHE KMJIB^tfk'Bf^BB! 1M Jl Special Sale of Clean-Up Sale Fine \
| Skins for Burning. '^^i^^J^iS 1111! B-lvi^ViCII IN Skirt Patterns. Wash Materials. ;
x - Another lot Of Colored Sheepskins for w hi te| rufflrf with a fine mudin 4 -inch ffl HP™ ' AIDtfl " ' iWB For Monday only, we offer 36 dozen fine fancy An average of /|a/f /jr/C0 on .X
V pyrography burning and decorating ruffl the low ,„ Ice $ U "^X^fl^ — -_ I^-.H-, 1»^-— skirt patterns, bottoms neatly em- these l° ods - . l e Y . ot e Jl J C3ire \x
I (about 800 in all), in a good variety pa5r , on 8p ccS gale Monday only «' ¦..UOklClllOilellaga »¦%. . .^ broidered, stylish Hght co'or,, value 50c, new things picked up m New York at |
J of colors; a gcod average 75c skin 98g CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE special price for onUay,' each...... *0o Tw \^7 \ 8p •' 5
g bought at a price so low that we ~^^^-^^^^^l^^^^^^^ Fte viSte* P^i^oluiJLL^ fad« wid ' 1
$ shaii offer them as a special for ) Little Princess Doris,' the '¦ clevet 'j-year-old Japanese girl, who has delighted thousands of i)isi-\ e ta JS" l TJSeTi St5!oJi5 §
om 7 , each..... tors dimiig the past week with her pretty soh^ scc y tc^^yr pn *Gin^ k .^^
$¦ Better lay'in "a'stock for your \ a and received tmboundedpraise frofn all who have seen and heard her. She will be assisted in enter- \ mches wide, our 25C goods, this
£ -Holiday Gifts. l } taining visitors to the big store this week by two well-known little pickaninny dancers. Lee Johnson's •¦( SjSSS^^l^ivJS S
v t (latest hit, Every Day s a Wedding TJiy, will be given at each performance. Attraction Hall, daily from 10 a. m. ) kind,«peciaithi5week 7© 5
i " New Laces. L^L!!!^^^
5 Monday the first showing of an advanced • , ; Fine- Unen Bathte— Plain and fancy open }g
I p^S^Siip Mew Miiimeryf New M Winery I NewMiiiinery!^^.^:^ |
i aZl^'dZCv'uZ^i-. An early showing of thenew Fall styles will be made this week., Rehty of pretty hats are already here. ' I
J i2%cto5Oc New Felt WalkingHats, trimmed with fancy scarfs, q8c and $2.2^. New Camel's Hair Walking Hats with wide, instead of i*#c a yard, ipedaithisweek 70 J
I B-ack E? curiai chanduy and Cunie Lac«, st itched brim an,d two' large pompons, $49<. New Gainsborous:hs from $i< to $26; The new Turbans, $1x0 to imported wash poaitrdi «d ciwnics-Th* 5
* galoon instrtingy, both narrow and wide in _ .. _ . ' , ._ b f , . ' j i_ in * -\ m. »* i » • '*-i» j i «« j • 1 w cr e *5 C to 4 OC a 7 U °» "8" zai ° az ' c -^
J L* to match, peryard i2}4o to $2.50 $i$- ¦ New Trimmed Hats of velvet and chenille, $j to.$if.. Ready lor inspection and sale Monday morning. cdm,i*M*kwuk #7©.U.S
jj. - ¦ — '¦ — — ¦ — ; — — . — ¦ ¦ • ¦ jj
I MonttSiW Crockery Sate Ncw Dress Goods— New Silks— New Neckwear— New Feather Boas— New Hos- HOUSB FUB*nsShint$ ,5
i „ MM ; T.. ., , icry— New Flannels— Ncw Shoes— Shown lor first time Monday. ? O — **.*L:**lm 9 . *
X One- Quarter Off on a lot of daintily decor- ¦ . ¦ ¦ . .• _^_ &fleCM2ii&m X
% S£Sh!£S£*E^rS & b mS 9l.25 Juliets aso. . KuH Underwear. This $2.26 Doll w t k ,« -a.; . £i&| of ». »<u |
*f only. This reduction of one-quart:r from mirked price* makes these We have just bought jflj&t^&ja A new stock moderately priced Ott IwlOnti&y $1.G2. off regular prices on four useful and seasonable household JJ
% * articles cost less than white china. - 600 pairs best quality M&ZmallLt ¦' " ' /&&£>. This is a very pntly articles. On sale Monday only: t^'-- >t
J- EitfhWnch Berry Bowl-Fine imitation clear cut R^ Felt JuUet S fur |^^ Lad.es fleeced-lined Cotton Vests and Pants JP%. doll, full patent jointed --rE=^^- '2
i A ?lac - patterns would b: cheap at aoc ,. - trimmed, hand-turned ¦ /^^^ extra heavy, patent finished seam?, good J^ gfo °° ' U P ,T, J . CP^^^^ & • '^^^-^Sfct,^^ I
i 5=5 each -special Monday 34&Q soles, mrdium heels, / §$%&m&) trimmings, pearl buttons, either creamer , 2. M> Papier Mache, th'S O itiEESlMJ^ «
K «Q Carlsbad China Fancy Plate's— Gold' edges, tinted in a most z/. &mm&r/ ""ural co!or, an extraordinary value at the fS^S^fP years importation, 1901 <^^^^^^\f = P^^^^ > •*
J. Tf pink, blue or green, with flower decorations; one C K ° ." bl S « orc » price per garment ,.25O rfS&j&WjSxk mode', 21 inches long; Trr^l //JS^^ «
* § ofcur Ieadersat $2.40 per dozen; special _^ "^ "J , 1^^X31 Ladie,' Unshrinkable wool-mired Jersey fitting fine bisque _ head, show- Y\S Iff/ ((^^^^^!^^^^^^^^&
i yil s Vv i^« which wc 'Sd^S^TSMSImi? Tf illlnr 'BMM$M 1^ «?• *»* w^lAte *»»?*» taner.^ I
% y A*. j^^^Sr^'r^rffrTT^^^ w p on 8pcc r ssn em ° ffered «. f. .......^ 50c Q\ P I VI wi^ p atcnt ] c a t h c r and outside flamc » no wa!te ot sa3> fi:£ed with 6 fcct be3t covercd S
Jt /[j ~-?=E^^\ V^*&&LL*£m£-S^i$ ' vi#tir _ •*. Ml 'J| lljinj shoes, openwork stock- tubing, with rubber ends ready to attach to fixture, the — q S€
** /'= "¦^ ==^. ) - *r"C Stilt — Ladies* Egyptian Cotton, ¦111' '' 'A ings, fancy chemise, regular price for which is 80c; special Monday iOJ G <&
J 1 V^ J^^^^^-oif^^ )^^^\\f//v^^^ fleeced-linsd Jersey fitting , Union Suits, //. /. \\ worth $2.25. Just ths Lap Boards— Two styles, each regularly JSl.oo, one paper gymm "w
K r --^ m S^- S *^^r- a ~%^^ Oftf* I f'rtfHffQ tJLf* On«t* style, buttoned across ¦front, color Jl t \\ doll to dress for a Christ- and one striped wood ; on special sale Monday, each O/C ;<
*-,_,_..,, , • mmiUU EmlUinySS M'fim. natural gray. mas present daring your Sauce Pan— Four-quart capacity, with coyer and handle, the best grade '*
Quart Uecanter— Thin-blown glass, a good 35c value 5 spe- 650 yards of Moreen Ve^our Skirt Lining 34 At St. OO Suit— Ladies' half-wool jer- bjiirf fr»*\ kisure moments — a of enameled ware, thickly coated } Tegalarry 45c, special __ **
j. cial sale Monday ; mmTWC inches wide; in brown, cerise, green, purple, sey fitting Union Suits, Melba or One.ta wlj V!jj| very special price in- Monday , iEOC /jg
K Jelly Tumblers — Goodg'ass jelly or water tumblers, regu- red, garnet and black, that 8:11s regu'arly styles, buttoned across front, perfect in fit tM k|j " 'deed for Monday only, Stair and Furniture Broom— 14^-inch whisk, with wood handfc, JV
I* Jarly 40c per dozen, and very cheap at that price; on spe- j%g+ 20c per yard, on special sale Mon- mjm an d finifh, natural color and white, un- jj^x—Wk.^'' ' *** *i gyr* extra qua'ity of corn, strong and durablej special Monday m "5
%? cial sale Monday, dczen isOC day only. n&C ¦ equa'ed at the price. £B& m |j^ only, each. B £2 C •
i- m m** * - a m mm m The Barrett Q'NIanh New Drapery « • . .. . „ . $
i A Stocking Sale on Monday. Music at iso. Materials to, wot. PAr\thiirkA I
S -^ We are s° in s t0 PI un " f °p-h"^ S»4 iSil HS E =S^ t ".^r % m M! V-^JJ-X-VJJI. and Boya, |
$ PStffib USUally gOOd and POpUlar K C O'Magh, at the special price p« *«-_ Double Faced Hungarian C:oth3-peryard|5fc M fBBf tf ¦ ,Jl%^%^% €£? X
I /L < C W Stocking for ladies for twenty- lz^ ¦ &^7%n thc.Tl^5S^ - %% :; f
i $& 3 six cents pair. ! JS Ml^mmmmM ' ~ J&L* II
K ±*%z£iM&^S WC lm P° rt T Cd 2 5O dozen of these real tWO- Sweet Queen," -Paddy's Cat" "Ire'and, A Ve'rv Choi« TapVstry-so inches wid,, Od- The talailCe Of the SUITimerfield fW\ I M J
£ % ff>j4^^M^KjSA thread Maco Cotton Hose, polka dots in all Gra Ma Chree, "GarrettO Magh Waltzes" ental stripes, for • portieres, draperies etc., prr . -- Mffll MlrV 5
i i/Tra® new coidr combinations-such as black with ™d the »G»rrett o M. s h Ma *h. .yard 50c Wholesale Stock and many lines • S
tf >i* 1 vfv^i^l^F/ P^ D^» uc or S reen dots, red with black or tZ '. „ .' . Z~~^ "~ [ ' &M$ i i^Sp r -5
K fry y0£g$§ white dots, new blue and tan with white £& S*OGOt*i&S~L6£jU Oi*S Under fr/ge. of our regular stock that must iMlif *
&* L%l ([li : fcjLJ*r, d° ts ; also Fleur dc L : s and bowknot designs, A1 . . ... , . . ""^^T^^ 1 ™™™ 1 "^^ •„ ,. - -. , ,' ¦ "*
I JV) %T\\\ in white on black, ncw blue and red grounds. AlwayS impr0Vm8 UalltICS md service-always slrivm^ to rcducs be disposed Of tO make TOOm for f '?
h jS^rS^W^—^ These goods are made of excellent materials, P riccS « A modcl r0Ccr y and H 1 vor department, sclliltfnonc but best grades and int . nm ir> n rrnn^_ ' I if !'l ! 5
g GTj^^^J^^g^>-' up to date in style and good colors, and were well-Known brands oi everything to cat and drinK at Department Store prices. incoming gOOOS fll * *
J» *££rj£^^ never offered at less than 35c — Best Eastern Ripe Olves-very choice, quart. ...... 25c \!\ Pn 'r € n rn « IO 00 Suits now 5$U 2 C- l! ' fi
% a pair— to-morrow (Monday) X^X Sugar Cu red , on Corn Starch-Archer's, 3 packages. ...25o Men S Ji/.^O 0£,^IO.OO_ .SUllS FlOW %4'iS I | .S*
t? on I y v J mmmwWm^^mV / J specijl sale Monday Slfgar Pt&s— Extra sifted, tin tfO pO 9^ II Jt
K .m* mn~. ~ — .r c ••» j ml"*~ """,'",",', t .., ' X SI onl Y) lb -— .MM ** Baking Powder— Rumford's, i lb t\as..30c «< «->/-»/>/-» " '* tft » ai» I BI \ - • 5
i? At 5OC a pail*— Exquisite and new, At 25g J»a/P— Ladies' 2-thread Maco $ M~wG '' }?20.00 J^I I>4S ! i] I %
h Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Lace Cotton Hose, Imported Hermsdorf Back, \\ ni V" n "' ' ' 'im f ' ' - — "* " kia OO Overcoat " ' &\\ At' -'III - 'M
* Effect Hotej « ven- large assortment of en- ¦ high-spliced heek, double wfcs, elastic tops it^ Pl " k Bean , s -° n n - T ... CHoiCG UtiUOrS . . I « WVeTCOai «>)}'^ *JI$JL - :¦ Jt
fc tirriy new designs; the same stocking also medium cr heavy^ weight, all b'ack or un- ilfl HAM d ay ,.o lbs. . ggQ [ '•' MOICC LiqUOrS ... j .« #2.OO all"W00l PantS— $1-11 <&^&m #
ti shown in a'J leading shades. bleached sole. M Fine Teas —Uncoxred * ~ , T (( k _ ti ,i it . u tf, -- Qr' '¦ ,^
%f ! W ) Japan, Engish Break- Port. Wine— An Excellent grade of California ¦ #>5«OO $>2. ' ¦ \St
K __, _ _. \^ - fast or Oolong, aU . Port Wine, that we retail regularly 7S c per B O y S » $J.OO \O $J . CO SuitS $I.O3 tO $A OC 5
t\ Chafing DisheS I Whitney Baby cKacepcka^ gaUon-on special sale Monday 55c y #>* ¦*' *"*V> ?; „%
I $3.50 tc $6.50. Carriages $6.50. | Special Sale cf Two Dress Goods I
5 ; Th ; ? ost co Tr t c °° k r utensils - >^^ C I ms demonstrations <«\ r % m\ Hair Switches. Bargains Monday. Z
% , ., .'J C " VI . ° nC> "" ?° th ' In PICtty dCS ' lgnS> P^^l% Mrs. Collins' Home-Made Salad Dressing, WMskey- S3 K These big re3uctions Monday and Tuesday New seasonable aU-wool Dr« S Fabrics "5
» peaaily it they entertain. We have had a hood doub.'e - i?|£E|jp>& L ___ Madam Creitcher's Marmalade, California Full quart bottles; || ; UA onIy _ • I0>000 yard3 more of tho3e Jtr ; ped al] . }.
V sprcial line made to order of heavy-rolled cop- " C , da " 1 Packing Co. *s Pickles, etc., this week. on special sale Mon- \\ [11 (Eg£\ fjo Switches $7 50 $3.00 wool waistings, in all the new fall colorings, "5
J. per, heavily nickel-plated, in very elegant and £„££,„ IJlOSSSf^f ' 1 day only— botrJr x^ J^gv ||J| |g Swhche8> ; ; $6 . 00 3 Switches. . .$2.00 in three handsome designs, price _ Jr
J.; graceful shapes. Our prices are less than half n i«hed with ' M^FtStH/ / Soda Cwckers- 3 lb cartons, regulary axe, •-••• •• •• -^O 9^ $6 Switches. . .$4-75 $z Switches. .. $1.00 for Monday only, per yard.. 4.5C -J
S what you formed paid for sircar dishes. Tent JSIMMMm^ « Monday «dy • y^™? *_*£? £? gfip J 5 Switches. .. $ 4 .00 I ,oo yard, 44-inch all-wool Tricot, , popular J
V Zc n-vri, « ceW . tia » M?^WI A As P ara S, us -E« ra fine ' lar S c and whlte ' !. hls bourbon |S^ Hair Dressing D.-partment-Main Floor. • All fabnc for waist, house gowns and dressing .J
K .. Chafing D: shhke dust-proof /^^^^^^^ „ £e f °" s P ack 'f r ] n • • •• • • V 25 ° Schlik Beer-Sam «| work at popular prices. «acqu:5, 12 new faU shades, reseda, old rose, *
K d V^ picture; the hfa Ji^tX^f^^SSS^^^d Maple Syrup— Woodlawn brand: T n «5» 8^ . •. ¦ • . l>lac, pearl, turquoise, cardinal, four pretty £
»C food pan ebony J™ « WJ^SBgf^7VW Rnt9^ 25 ° 35 ° doztn -$ 2 "* 0 iTtl * TTT< = ' ' l . blue, and three .hades of garnet, a great $
I) V^^^^fe^C handled— J** *** "' XU>C^Sv V/7 AV % Gal'ons .. 65c Gallons. ... .$#.#0 Burke's Porter— Dozen. $2.13 , / Talueat the Monday's special' L X
* <^S——^^ > 2-pintsize$3.50 2. ralcc V//^]/-^^" Ta P ioca- S lbs. 25o Shaw's Pure Malt Whiskey-Bottle.. $1.00 phtit AC </ OO Dozen P™ e t per yard....... .. 53O <5
** L " -Sk 3.plntslzeU00 J^JL" , XlU^" X^rUA Gzlatine - Nelson's, regulany. a A. V. H. Gin-The large bottle. ... $1.50 rnOIOS 9M.UU UOmZGit f >F J W *»«T g
i Handsome Chaf- * o"iT, .^' .,„»„«,- «U packages for ace, ori Monday, 3 packages Zinfandel — Good qua" lty — gallon. 73 9 The Card de Visite, size a^a^ inches; on l ."-* r ,j»
* $^?$0ffi l n g DishcS ' • • • • • ¦ • ..25C Domestic A'e-Very nne-do Z en....^/,UO heavy beveled edge mounts; the very best gf m J5 RUCheS $1,18 *
I . X^JOL r?.1tSt Go Oarts-SO Styles. gp|^||^JS &^^^^M$i tZ^Z^X^t.OO fM^g£££ »K*« If
|/ Xm^C 2 .-»s, r5 - A^:-^-:!-as §|M^^lr^iSs m$^^§$m&™ vW^M^Mwzgz ?™^;p s sr»"7^i f f
€fc- yU*>- 3-pintsizt$5.00 More luxurious styles lip to $25.00. Domestic Sardines-in oi', tin 5C Canadian Club Whiskty-Botfe....$f. 2 9 Cabinets, all style mounts, dozen.... $2. 50 special sale, Monday only 9I.M& jj
£f r . . ' " ¦- Jm n . ¦ ' ' '_ m^A « 4-A 6 '{mliLm.'lM.&^.i*^ la'^ia'W +*%*¦*** -¦¦".m*^ *jmAm**^mAm* 4^****^*^ 'ki'mmVmmi 1 *^ 0 ****** 1 *** *m\^m' m m V^mt,'^ m Vi'a^i *^1^ m*^ m\^ m * m,iH
' ':_ NEW '; ADVERTISEMENTS.
V;yS'Z a possfBTLnrsr
That Became a Fact and Pleases
Many Bald- People. .
A. R. Lewis, M. D.. In a lengrthy article
In the columns of th© American Journal
of Health saya concerning hair: "Its dete-..
rioration Is a constant source of j worrl-
ment to humanity, consequently bald
ple are readily, deceived by fake*, hair re-
storatives. The wish that a hair prepara-
tion will 'fill the bill' la father, to the*
fancy that it is likely to do 90. A rare-
ease In point la that of Newbro's Herpt-
clde, which actually does /nil the bill.*;. It
destroys the parasite that attacks the hair
root and prevents dandruff, falling hair
andbaldneaa." ; »,
ADVEHTISEME1TTS. '
THE POISE
Of a woman in perfect health attracts
the eye at once. Such a Koroan is all
too rarely seen. The most of women
bear scars of suffering on their faces
which no smiles
w^u \ often in their very
*B*p") . carriage betray
1 jflt-'^eSiar' oppresses them.
There can be no
r \& e woinaI1 who
ta^j^rgffit suffers from dis-'
y&&?Zfm ease of the delicate
Sags^l ism. Her general
B&tTfiffi\ health is so inti-
JBfes^**^ ; 3m^ the womanly qr-
AM|MnK3^^R|. must be cured be-
vorite Prescription
makes weak women strong and sick
women welL It cures womanly dis-
orders and diseases; brightens the dull
eye, rounds out the hollow cheek and
gives strength for wifely duties and
maternal cares.
¦ My health is the best now that it has beta
for four years." writes Mrs. rhebe Morris, of Ira,
Cayuga Co., N. V., Bor 52. *I have taken but
two bottles of your medicine. 'Favorite Pre-
scription • and "'Golden Medical Discovery.'
These medicines have done me more good than
all that I have ever taken before. I couldn't do
my work only about half the time, and now I
can work all the time for a. family of four.
Before I took your medicines I was 6»ck in bed
nearly half the time. My advice to all who are
troubled with female weakness is to take Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery '—the most wonderful medicines
In the world.* V
•* Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
is 6ent/>w on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-SIGNORS AGOST INI AND SALASSA
WIN NEW LAURELS AT THE
LITTLE TIVOLI.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 18. 1901.
CLEVER ACTRESS WHO WILL AP
PEAR IN NEW SCRIPTURAL
PLAT AT THE CENTRAL,.
"It may be true that Rear Admiral Evans -called Chandler an insect, but it is. something ta/
-his credit that he did"not .call the gentleman a kissing T bug!
. There, are. 28,894 Juvenile societies In the
British Isles, with a membership of 2,536
000.
%
Are You "Of the Old World"?
Everything pertaining ' to the New WorM
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way. to
ket to Buffalo is by the comfortable- trains
of. the Nickel Plate Eoad. carrying Nickel
Plate. Dining. Cars. In which are served Amer-'J
lean Club meals from 33c to « each. BookJ
free, showing pictures of exposition buildlnss.
Hotel >" accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS. P.- C. P. A.. 37 Crocker buttling*
San Francisco, - Cal.
•-. • •
A new record In dynamiting has been
made at a Penobscot Bay quarry in
Maine. A 52.000- ton block of granite wa3
easily lifted.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Ptess Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-»
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lu'at T<
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
, Of one tjnng.-alf factions in the islands may be sure. If the frequent messengers to Wash
ington and the numerous lobbyists around Congress become too annoying to the Federal Gov
ernment and their conflicting demands tod importunate, a remedy; will be found by dismantling
Hawaii as a Territory, with large and, life-size territorial ; politics, and attaching the archipelago to
California as a county. We do not favor that, but* the time may: come when it will be necessary.
Then these expert politicians who are accustomed: to revolution and agitation can interest them
selves in electing county officers; and" occupy their genius for statesmanship by selecting a Clerk,
Sheriff and Superior -Judge. They will be less expensive as-a "county and just as. ornamental. Thev
can r come over to our State Fair and make themselves sociable. Their County Supervisors can .
belong to the association of such, and their children' will be qualified to belong to" the ¦Native Sons •
of the Golden West, -and can have parlors -and .celebrate Admission day right in the capital ofthe
Kamehamehas." I S » , . • :
££r b HE Paradise of the Pacific" seems to have an acute attack of politics. Tempers there
1 are getting more than tropically torrid. It is a surprise when a steamer from Honolulu
I does not bring some messenger, of a faction speeding to Washington' to' inflame'-oni
*• cial ears with the story of outrage upon his side by the other/. When such ' delegates
are lacking in the first cabin, the mails, bring news of the marchings and countermarching of ''the'
vcontending forces, .who -are making life dusty by their quarrels. At this distance it ! seems strange
that people, who sprinted toward happiness in , annexation are so unhappy* in possession of what
they wanted. There seems to" be a good deal of Dole. in the government there. Governor Dole has
the validity of his acts passed upon by Attorney General Dole, and if a Grand jury could be made
up of Doles we might expect justice to be doled out to the satisfaction of one crowi at least.
These divisions will probably cease when the time comes to apply to, Hawaii the law exclud
ing all kinds of Asiatic coolies. When coolie labor ceases there will not be as rich spoils to quarrel
over, and life will be more bland and Quaker-like, and the Paradise of the Pacific will be more
HAWAIIAN POLITICS.
Mr. Hempstead— "Well, you see I mailed
my, proposal to her, and In answer she
sent her brother Willie- to the house with,
the message that he would be a little
brother to me. — Pittsburg Press.
Mr. HemDstead— I am in a quandary. I
don't know whether I am engaged to Mls3
Roslyn or not!
, Mr. Jamaica— That is a rather peculiar
situation.
"From hindquarters, yer Honor." said
Paddy, with a grin.— Montreal Star. ,
Bacon: "I see the Duke 'of Manchester^
is a great admirer of American cham
pagne." - .
Egbert: "Well, I don't wonder. The
American 'pop* ' has helped him amaz
ingly."—Yonkers Statesman.
An Irish recruit had the misfortune to
part company with his horse. According
to custom, the sergeant strode up to him
and demanded: "Dfd you receive orders
to dismount?"
"I did, sorr."
\ "Where from?"
"I suppose you have said some things
you were sorry for?"
•"Oh, yes," answered Senator Sorghum,
"I have occasionally said 'ten dollars*
when five would have brought results Just
as well."— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE,
It remains to be seen what will.be the effect of Kitchener's proclamation calling -upon the
Boer leaders to lay down their arms before September 15. The" proclamation was -issued upon
the theory that the number cf. Boers under arms is now so small they cannot any longer" resist
the! steady and continued conquest, and the theory may be correct. It will be remembered, how
ever, that the British have made many a miscalculation in the war, and this may be another.
The steady : and continued conquest' may have to go on a long time yet-before it reaches a
The further claim that the progress of conquest has been steady and continued may be
disputed. Since, the surrender of their cities, which they .were unable to defend without shutting
themselves up to be bombarded by British guns, the Boers appear to have held their own in
every part of the two republics. Outside their camps and the garrisoned towns the authority of
the British extends no further than the range of their guns.. On the very day that Edward de
livered his speech to Parliament a report came from South Africa telling of the capture of forty
British scouts within a short distance of one of. the.'many military posts that are maintained in
the country they are seeking to conquer.
Thus at last the claim of the Boers that their country was an independent nation, and that
the war made upon them is one of conquest and aggression, is acknowledged by the sovereign of
Great Britain in a, formal and official statement.
KING EDWARD has prorogued his first Parliament with one .of- those short" addresses
from the throne Avhich British statesmen have long ago learned how to construct in
grave and diplomatic language that, sounds well and means nothing. On this occasion,
however, the King's Ministers appear to have been more careless than usual. After hav
ing declared many times over that th£ Orange Free State and the Transvaal republic- were never
independent, but have ever been subject to British sovereignty., the royal address from the throne
throws aside all such pretense and frankly informs Parliament: "The progress of my force's in
the conquest of the two republics by which my' South African colonies, have been invaded
has been steady, and continued." • . . ,
THE PROGRESS OF CONQUEST. 1
It Is a fashion of the year before last,
therefore absolutely. Inadmissible now. to
discuss the morale of a play. "Art for
art's sake" is to-day's watchword, and a
good one. nevertheless I am about to don
the moral gaberdine of that most ancient
of yesterdays and courageously adventure
into the ethical mysteries of "Silver
Mounted Harness," a new deal In morals
and a. woman's play." From 1 time imme
morial women's men have been a prolific
source of instruction and amusement to
the masculine mind, as men's women
have furnished the curious fair with full'
plans and specifications of what she would
have been if man had come before God
in her invention. This week there is a
new chapter added to . the book on "Men
sm They Are Conceived to be by "Women,"
1
• • •
concerns itself with the story of John the
Baptist and follows closely the Biblical
record, •with one Important exception,
Herodias Is made to become enamored of
John— a sort of gospel^ccordlng to Saint
Sardou — and demands his head as revenge
for the apostle's rejection of her love.
This not improbable incident of course
adds largely to the dramatic Interest of
the play, forming, indeed, its central inci
dent. Mr. Eisner has certainly construct
ed an ingenious drama out of his mate
rial. If it looks as well on the stage as it
does in type, and Belasco & Thall are
making the effort of a lifetime in its
mounting. The play calls for fifty speak
ing parts, and will be taken on a tour
after its presentation at the Central by
a company headed by Robert Downing,
who will be John the Baptist, and Miss
Annette Marshall, who appears as Hero
dias. The drama has been submitted to
a number of high ecclesiastical " authori
ties, encountering so far only . favorable
criticism.' ¦¦ •
Edward Eisner, author of "A Voice
From the "Wilderness," is not unknown to
fame. He is author of one of the versions
of "Under Two Flags," "Francesca" da
Rimini" and a dramatization of "The
Story, of an African Farm" that Olga
Nethersole produces this season in New
York. "A Voice From the Wilderness"
Another \iewpolnt, one almost beautiful
enough to be true, is that a spiritual re
vival Is taking place among the drama
tists, foreshadowing perhaps a develop
ment of the dramatic art akin to those of
the- great periods of painting and sculp
ture, whose inspiration has always been
of that kind, for Phidias, in his miracles
of sculptured beauty, was no less truly
divinely inspired than gentle Raphael or
Rubens. Perhaps the time has come for
a like uplifting of the art dramatic, for
the long-looked-for "elevation | of the
stage." But we shall see, and meantime
three religious plays are upon us. '
Not to insinuate for a moment that the
above playwriting trio suggest vaudevil
lism in the smallest degree, but the coin
cidence is at least sufficiently singular
that they shall have simultaneously an
nexed the said properties for theatrical
purposes.
THE play scriptural Is the thing
just now and California is very
much to the fore' in the matter.
Almost simultaneously three Im
portant religious dramas will be
produced in Chicago, New York and San
Francisco. The time set for their produc
tion 5f the beginning of September, and
the plays are Stephen Phillips' "Herod,"
to be given by Richard Mansfield in Chi
cago; Clay M. Greene's Passion Play,
"Nazareth." to be produced by W. A.
Brady in New York, and "A Voice From
the Wilderness," a new play by Edward
Eisner, that will be put on here by Be
lasco & Thall at the Central Theater.
It were an interesting speculation to
follow out the causes that have led to the
above curious coincidence, the simultane
ous recognition of the dramatic value of
the divine story by three so different
dramatists as Phillips. Greene and Eis
ner. It comes curiously, for instance, after
a queer blaphemy of George Moore's in
"A Drama in Muslin," where he makes
the Novelist Harding say:
The world has lived through Christianity, as
it has through a score of- other things, and
Bethlehem. Nazareth and the Dove have al
ready been bequeathed to the vaudevillists of
the future.
' Among the variously clever ' folks one
sees and hears at the Orpheum more fre
quently th*m would seem likely a good
musician wanders into the bill. Through
the Orpheum we have been permitted. to
hear the comic opera stars, such aa Jessie
Bartlett Davis and Camille d'Arville. as
well as many other good musicians of alLj
kinds. This week a comic opera star/^
whose handsome portrait is given here
with, will for the first time invade the*
vaudeville stage and be heard at the Or
pheum in some new and old ballads. She
is Miss Katberine Germaine, whose work
in comic opera has met with the strong
approval of De Koven and his librettist.
Harry B. Smith, Edgar Smith, Woolsen
Morse, Cheever Goodwin and others, too
numerous to mention. She has a. strong,
sweet, high, soprano voice, with a de
cided talent for acting, according to these
gentlemen.. >
• • ¦ •
struments of Cavallle-Coll. which are _ monu
ments of the organ builder's art.
Now, It happens that all the principal
workmen from the Roosevelt ' factory
above mentioned are at present in the>
employ of Murray M. Harris, the Callfor
nian organ builder, who built the Stanford
memorial organ that attracted so much
favorable attention at the recent Epworth.
League Convention. Also Mr. Harrl3 has
a number of workmen from the Hill house
of London, besides other famous "hands,"
and with the Stanford organ as a result
of only four years' effort we may not un
reasonably hope for a Cavallle-Coll in our
own State and at a not too distant period.
One of the Guilmant programmes con
tained, by the way. a recently discovered
concerto by Bach that Mr. Wright ranks
as one of the greatest of the great com
poser's works.
COMIC OPERA . STAR WHO IS
AT PRESENT SINGING AT
THE ORPHETJM. ¦--"<-¦
It goeth near to be funny and if a play
wright were to be held responsible for the
utterances of his, characters is a curious
revelation of Miss' Thompson's .point of
view on comparative moralities. •. ¦ ••
Darlford. Is another figure of fun, and
altogether "A Silver \- Mounted Harness"
is a wild, disjointed, absolutely inartistic
effort, utterly unworthy of the writer of
"A Suit of Sable." Its best features are
the epigrams . that, : however, are hot na
tive to the atmosphere, but dragged in
for themselves - alone and serve only to
point the general worthlessnesa of their
setting. The construction is childish, the
situations rival Libbey. at her best • and
the, particular ; amazement is that the
clever authoress of - "A Suit >of -Sable"
should have seen fit to permit this bad
work of hers to go ' on the stage, .and
further that the ..clever,, Miss Roberts
should have lent her name to its produc
tion. The play runs another week. • -
The woman who goes into the marriage
business for. a livelihood to-day. is out of
her period and asks sympathy in vain.
She belongs to the fainting epoch, to the
era of the cut stay lace.- to the' day when
the kitchen, dairy and field were the' only
professions open to her sex. But Laura
marries Latimer for "home protection, the
right to wear clothes that are honestly
paid for and eat food that is hers by law"
and has not even the up-to-date virtue of
womankind, the business-like sticking to a
bargain. She falls in love with the in
evitable other man, John Darlford, and
confesses it in torrid terms. Then, in all
sincerity, to atone for her sin, she con
templates "saving" her husband by yield
ing to Crevelt' s desires. That is, the wife
of one man. In love with another, regards
the bestowal of herself upon a third as a
sacred atonement to her husband for the
sin of loving the second— truly an amazing
situation. <¦ - :
Crevelt is frankly the villain, and com
fortably consistent in his dishonorable in
tentions throughout three, acts, until, as
White Whittlesey superfluously mixed atid
muddled it on Wednesday n;ght, Laura
unwittingly owes to him" "the very food
that shelters her, the roof that keeps her
alive!" Also, later, the welcome widow's
veil is added ' to his beneficences. The
fourth' act shows* him repentant, and with
extravagant improbability- reconciled to
his Inamorata's marriage to another man.
It is possible, however, tlm.t.he" had come
to the conclusion that the game was not
worth the candle, the fair Laura in her
way being quite as' curious 'a specimen of
womanhood as- Latimer, Crevelt and Darl
ford are weird types of men."
Now, though there Is some doubt left in
the audience's mind as to which of this
precious trousered trio is intended as the
hero of the play, Latimer, barring a slight
matter of the embezzlement of trust
funds, is evidently regarded by his wife
and the playwright as a reasonably vir
tuous person and a much injured man.
Yet this faithful and affectionate husband,
when pushed to the wall by the villain in
the play, actually permits Creyelt to
leave the room with his teeth intact after
a suggestion that ; the complaisance of
Laura would save him, Latimer, from
financial disgrace. Not only that,, but he
acts upon the suggestion, and In terms
more plain than elegant tells his wife not
"to 'quarrel with her dinner." He further
advises her— implores her— to permit Cr-s
velt's attentions, and. then Inexplicably,
but decently _goes off and kills himself.
• • •
him for home protection, the right . to wear
clothes that are honestly paid for and eat food
that is 'hers by law. She does not think love
matters. Love as she has known It is a poor
thing — a something to be shunned and despised.
After four years of married life "that has been
but a record -of days and nights she meets and
lo\-as John Darlford. It. is her awakening. Cre
velt has made himself the friend of Latlmer to
be near Laura, and to work his ends pushes
Latimer to the wall at a critical turn in his
fortune. He offers to put- him on. his feet, save
him from disgrace (defalcation), if Laura will
come away with him. The plot at the most
critical and hopeless point unwinds itself by
the sudden death of Latimer, who kills him
self when Crevelt fails hljn rather than face
disgrace. Thus the revenge of Cjevelt com
passes the marital freedom of Laura and gives
her happiness in a love that Is no longer half
an honor. . •
Laura." finding a life among her mother's set,
the quasi fast set, unbearable, and losing confi
dence ia all humanity when a man, Gordon Cre
velt. In whom she has trusted, makes the base
meaning of his sympathy plain, marries Hugh
Latimer, whom she does not love. ' She marries
written by Miss Charlotte Thompson, in
the play so called, "Silver Mounted Har
ness." Here is the ''scenario of the play,
as given in the Alcazar programme and
furnished presumably by Miss Thompson:
" Without a doubt our American organ builders
have ¦ a great deal . to learn from . their French
cent rere3, not : in : point of ,. mechanical ' devlcey
f or : that " is overdone In America, but , In tone!
which ¦ is • the principal thing. The Roosevelt
organ, which unfortunately . Is no longer built,
was the ' nearest approach to ¦ the French la
¦ - • -
v The Gullmant organ Is composed of.twenty
eight stops and took two years in building/' If
any particular stop did not suit M. : Gullmant
It - had to be chahged. and .. the result • la ' the
most complete- and most satisfactory organ It
has ever been my pleasure to hear or play.
In the same column I see that Alexan
der Gullmant, the French organist -and
composer, has recently been giving a se
ries , of recitals - on . a new Cavaille-Coll
organ. that has recently been Installed in
his home at Meudon, near Paris. The
writer institutes a comparison between
American organs and the French instru-,
ments in the following paragraph that is
of special interest to our State: •
• • . •
' Mme. Sybil Sanderson, she with "la belle
tallleV. but no voice, has made her reappear
ance ; at the " Opera r Comique in St. . Saens'
"Phryne." The accent might be laid on the
reappearance, for the role of Phryne and her
voice, are not worth mentioning, although
heard ; at the Opera Comique. The main at
traction for the patrons of the Opera Comique
(nearly all her audiences are composed of men)
was a curiosity to see the fair Callfornlan after
her eventful career during the last few years.
She 'certainly has the same beautiful figure.
Her part in the opera is to pose, which she did
to ' perfection, the only fault to find with her
costume being the queer taste displayed in
wearing a modern Rue de la Paix hat with a
medieval dress. I am waiting for the verdict
of the New York jury of critics, for Dame
Rumor says she Is engaged by Mr. Grau for
next season. My opinion ia that the American
public ; goes to the opera to hear good voices,
and not so particularly for good figures, as is
the case over here.
This Is Quite* the latest from Paris and
of interest to us. It is from the Paris
column of Gustin Wright in The Concert-
Goer: \ - Cv'.-^.^
Salassa's Iago has been another event
of the last week, and a truly brilliant
performance it is. To speak of small
things before great, I do not remember
to have seen any actor that used his
hands with the same grace and intelli
gence that Salassa shows. Instead of
being in the way— as they so grievously
and commonly are— they add to the pic
ture as "the famous Van Dyck hands add
to his portraits, as another eminently
useful means of expressing character. He
is singing so well, too, this season, and
Iago is just the subtle. Intellectual,
statesmanlike role- that exacts Salassa's
excellent best. There is really hope for
the "Falstaff," I hear, which is some
thing to be hoped for, look you ! and
Salassa already fully equipped for the
Fat Knight's jovial part. ' Verdi com
posed the opera at the youthful age of
80 years. It is his last, some say his best
work, and belongs, with "Otello," to what
is called his third period. Boito furnished
the libretto and the net result is a setting
of the comedy that should satisfy the
most - exacting Shakespearean that ever
drew 'breath. .Good Mrs. Kreling please
give our "Falstaff," and if that royalty
ogre of ' Italy, Ricordi, does want the
lion's share of the profits, we will cram
your house as it was never crammed be
fore to make- up the difference!
WITH the advent of Signor Agos
tini and Linda Montanarl this
week at tjie Tivoli, the man
agement of the little opera
house completes a grand opera
cast that for completeness and efficiency
has perhaps not been equaled In the his
tory of the house. Agostlnl more^ par
ticularly Is a valuable acquisition. He
has proved himself vocally one of the
most important figures of the season,
with his sweet, full, penetrating voice,
beautifully used even to reminding- one
of Saleza. His acting sense also is suffi
cient, he haying ''shown himself, in his
Ferdinand possessed both of dignity and
power, and much good work covering a
wide range may be looked for from this
singer during the season. Montanari has
so far been .something of a disappoint
ment, but until she is heard in a role
that is more grateful to her than that of
Desdemona, in which she appeared 'this
week, it is wise to reserve judgment of her
capacities. • Her voice is pure _ and flexi
ble, also very sweet and should. do srood
service in roles of the-Mimi kind. Mon
tanari introduced Puccini's charming
grisette to the American public by the
way, as Agostini . was the original Ru
dolfo, and it will take much more than
an indifferent Desdemona to efface the
memory of h,er good work in "La Bo
hcme." This week she will sing Marguer
ite in Boito's ."Mefistofele," the big nov
elty of the season that is to be given as
alternate bill with "The Barber of Se
ville," beginning on Tuesday evening.
Dado will sing the Mefistofele, said to be
,his best role, and Agostini will be the
Faust. The opera is beautiful and un
usual, : both in the music and setting, and
Boito's talent as a librettist has never
been used to better advantage than in
this adaptation of Goethe's "Faust."
At the average price for the last nine months the wheat crop of 1900 brought
$19,462,040. But that sum was exceeded by the value of the dried fruit crop alone, including
raisins. The export value of the product of the forest, field, mines and waters of 'California ior
1900 probably exceeded, $125,000,000. : Each individual article entering into the sum total of our
exports is yet short of the possibilities of production except wheat, which has probably passed
its zenith and will decline until it is not far in excess of the demand for home consumption.' It
will be seen therefore that if wheat were the mainstay of Northern California this part of the
State would see not .far ahead the beginning of marked decadence. , :. Y *
The- adolescent nature of our other industries .is shown by the gain in 1900 over the pre
ceding year. This gain in carloads was, in citrus fruits 9462; dried fruits, 312;- canned. fruits, 31;
vegetables, 1736; wine and brandy, 353. In the decade 1890 -1900 the . increase . in these ship
ments was 50,602 carloads. By the close of the current decade; the traffic wiil amount to. more
than 200,000 carloads" per season, and will show the greatest production i by field;- qrchard and
vineyard that has ever been known by a similar area in any part of the world. By that time the
world will have come to depend on California for its fruit product, and -,the United States. largely
for its year round" supply of Staple and delicate vegetables. ' ' ':* •'¦••-•_..-
We cheerfully acknowledge, that Professor, Mead may' be a prime factor in this by pro
moting irrigation. But when he wants statistics of our production will he please put up his sign,
"Information wanted," and Californians will supply it. ...". '•'•"•'¦ ; . • \- I. v ?
Professor Mead would by the same authority have learned that our dairy product for
1900 amounted to $15,493,272; our beet sugar to 30,319 tons; our hops to 38,000 bales; and our;
wheat to 973,102 tons; our wool to 27,500,000 pounds, ami our lumber to 650,981,012 feet, and
our minerals to $31,000,000. If we were really limited to wheat and oranges California would:
hardly invite enterprise and immigration, since a large population would not be expected to exist
on-9117 carloads of oranges. and 973,102 tons of wheat. The deciduous fruit is more valuable
than the wheat crop and brings more money into the State. ¦
.' If he had gone to the accurate* report of the State 'Board of Trade he would' have learned
that, for the season of 1900, Northern California shipped out, of the State 87,990 and Southern
California 198 tons of green deciduous fruits; Northern California 8273 and Southern California
218,183 tons of oranges and other citrus fruits; the north exported '84,899; and the south 3696
tons of dried fruits, and the north 34,217 and the south 161 1 tons raisins; the north 2141 and
the south 4349 tons nuts; the north. 45,679 and the south 4928 tons canned fruits, and that the
total export of the whole State of the above was 496,169 tons. The State's total export of wine
was 8084 and of brandy 360 carloads; of vegetables green and canned, 5140 carloads.
Because of his relation to the State and the acquaintance; with its resources which that
relation implies, it. is to be regretted that' Professor Mead has not visited. the productive parts
of California or consulted reliable sources of information, to the end that his official report might
be less misleading on the subject of our developed resources. •.: <¦.. J- 1 ."
An instance of this is found in "the official report of Mr. Elwood Mead, the chief of
the Irrigation Bureau of the Agricultural Department at Washington. Therein'' he speaks of
the productions of California as being- oranges in the southern counties and wheat in the rest of
the State. Now Mr. Mead has visited California, and indeed is a member of the faculty of our
State University, and lectures a class at Berkeley. His work there is made.a large feature in the
new programme of the institution, as.it ought to be, for forestry "and irrigation are the subjects
vital to the"welfare of California and the most important studies that can interest students and
indeed all classes of our people. , . .. . _. -.. .-.
A V MONGour people there is some lack of information about the resources of the State.
/\ But • in ;th'e State Board of Trade and commercial statistics^ there are sources ofjnforma
>—A tion sufficient for the enlightenment of those who , need it:/;
We mention these sources of information because of their reliability, and ' because
what are^ known as official records on such subjects as the physical resources of a country . are
frequently lacking in reliability. : ¦ .
califor'nia resourqes.
JOHND. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. . Address Cbmmuniceitions > WS. 'LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ...;.:... ................ .;.. . . . . . .... ... . ';. ...;."....; . . .-.'. . . .'. .......... . . . .';•.'. . . . . .". .. AUGUST 18, iqoi-
Publication Office ......;". *. <S^^^^>, Market and Third, S. F.
BY GUISARD.
DRAMATIC VALUE OF THE DIVINE
STORY APPEARS TO BE
RECOGNIZED.
18COPENHAGEN. Aug. 17.— The Danish
Government, having determined to return
the visit of the United States training ship
Hartford, the cruiser Valkyrian, in com
mand of Prince Waldemar, the king's
youngest eon, will sail for New York In
January and afterward visit other Amer
ican porta.
• ¦
Fail to Find the Explorers.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, Aug. 17 —The
expedition commanded by Stoekken, the
father of the missing Norwegian machin
ist of that name, sent in search of young
btoekken and other lost members of the
Abruzzi expedition, arrived at Sandefjord
this morning, after having explored the
south coast of Franz Josefland. No trace
of the missing men was found. The mem
bers of the expedition erected at Cape
Flora the memorial stone sent by the
Duke of Abruzzi. .:.
was general superintendent of the Pitts
burg, Cincinnati and St. Louis, Little
Miami and Cincinnati and Muskegon
Valley railroads. From January, 18S2, to
February, 1884. he was general manager
of the New York and New Eneland Rail
road. From February to November, 1884,
he was assistant to president of the
New York,' Lake Erie and Western Rail
•road. In special charge of the New York,
Pennsylvania and Ohio Railroad.
From November, 1884, to January, 1SS5,
he was general manager of the New York,
Pennsylvania and Ohio Railroad. From
January to October. 1SS5, he was vice
president of the New York, Lake Erie
and Western Railroad Company, in charge
of the traffic department. From October,
1S85, to November, 1890, he was first vice
president of the same road, in charge of
the traffic and operating departments.
From November 21, 1SW), to March, 1892,
he was president of the East Tennessee,
'Virginia and Georgia Railway. From No
vember 21, 1890, to October, 1899, he was
president, and from March, 1893, to Octo
ber 1899, also receiver of the Cincinnati,
New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway.
From November, 1890, to 1895, he was also
president of the Alabama Great Southern
Railroad. From October 14, 1893, to Feb
ruary 1. 1900, he was also receiver of the
Kentucky and Indiana Bridge Company.
From June I; 1897, to September 7, 1899. he
was also receiver of the Columbus, San
dusky and Hocking Railroad. From Sep
tember 7, 1899, up to -date he has been
president of the Chicago and Alton Rail
road.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS "
CHANGE SOME RULES
National Council at Plattsburg m
New York Opens the Way
for Applicants.
PLATTSBURG, N. Y., Aug. 17 -The
National Council of the Knights of Co
lumbus, in session at Cliff Haven has
Changed the method of selection of State
and national chaplains, making the ofice
appointive instead of - elective? The ap
pointment by the board of directors of a
finance committee was empowered the
committee to have charge of all invest
ments of less than $100,000. "ivebi-
The convention discussed the temper
ance clauses in the constitution and final
ly amended subdivision A of section 104 to
read ••Proprietors of breweries and dis
tilleries and all officers thereof and em
ployes thereof, except such as have no
actual contact wit^ the manufacture and
sale thereof." This change will enable
a bookkeeper, for instance? in a brewery
to become an insurance member of the
Knights of Columbus. Subdivision B was
also amended so as- not to include druc
gists and their employes in the prohibited
Product.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.-The Census
Bureau to-day issued a report on the ag
ricultural statistics for Alaska. It shows
that Alaska's total farm wealth on June
1 1&00. was $15,686, of which $2196 was In
vented in livestock, *6§9 in implements and
machinery, and $12,800 represented the.
value of buildings and other improve
ments. Bulldlnirs have been erected on
nine of the twelve farms in the Terri
tory Preparing boII for cultivation has
liecn the chief item of expense in open
ing farms, being in some instances 5120
5 "The C fivelve farms have a total acreage
of 1^3 acres, and vegetables are the prin
cipal product. Five of the farms are only
f-mall viarket gardens of less | than three
acrrs. The total value of domestic . ani
mals and poultry «« $2198. Potatoes and
turnips furnlehed the principal income
from vegetables.. Next to vegetables,
grass cut for hay its the most important
agricultural product. From the stand
point of income upon capital invested,
poultry raising In 1899 was relatively the
most profitable branch of Alaskan agri
culture.
Statistics Show That Grass Cut for
Hay Hs.s Been Most Important
AGEICTJLTUEAL PROGRESS /
BEGIMTffING IN ALASKA
VISALIA. Aug. 17.— The Central Califor
nia Stock-Growers' Protective/Association
has concluded an important- meeting
in this city. H. A. Jastro of Kern County
made an address pointing out the achieve
ments of the association. An executive
committee was appointed for Kings Coun
ty, consisting of M. Nideffer and E. San
born. During the past year the associa
tion caused the conviction of a cattle thief
named Keough In Mariposa County. The
association now has a membership of 123.
Thirteen new members were admitted at
this meeting.
Stock-Growers' Conference.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S NEW PRESIDENT
In 1897 the district produced $3,000,000 worth
of ores, or nearly as much as during the ten
years from 1S70 to 18S0. and in 1898 the balance
sheet showed an aggregate production esti
mated at $7.O0fl,C0O. This new field has en
abled the United States to become an impor
tant factor in the zinc market of the world.
At the present rate of increase this country
will ere long furnish one-fourth of the aggre
gate consumption, although hitherto contribut
ing scarcely one-eighth of the world's supply.
The smelters of Belgium and Wales have al
ready established agencies in Joplin, the-com
mercial center of the mineral belt, which has
In a few years grown from a village to have
a population of .30,000, and there are in the
district several of other thriving mining camps,
all connected by what Is the longest electric
railway In the world. The three zinc ores
found In the district are the sulphide, silicate
and carbonate.
The -Scientific American gives an ac
count of the zinc field, which lies princi
pally in Southwestern Missouri. It Is now
producing about 11,000,000 per month:
American Zinc Field.
Favorable ' indications are reported to
have been observed on the.Careaga ranch
in -Santa' Barbara- County,; so', says the
Santa Barbara Independent: ; A, second
well of the Union 'Pacific Oil Company is
reported to be in oil. The ' Careaga ranch
lies near'; the narrow , gauge r l'oad
that runs ¦• from ; Los Olivos -. to
Port ¦ .' Harford, in about ' the ¦ cen-
The Coalinga - flela has been shipping
about 2000 barrels of oil per diem recently.
.According to the Santa Barbara Inde
pendent, considerable development work
is going on at Cuyama.
1 It is estimated that the large oil tank
to be built by the. Santa Fe Railroad
Company near - Merced will hold 1.500.000
gallons of oil. A smaller sunken tank will
be built near by ' the great tank and cars
will be unloaded into the smaller recep
tacle The oil will be forced into the
great tank by compressed air. Six new
tanks will be erected at Oil Junction,
Kern County, by. the Standard Oil Com
pany The tank to be constructed by the
Southern Pacific ; Company at I Lordsburgr
will hold 1,000.000 gallons.
The Mount Shasta Oil Company has sus
pended drilling at Sand Flats, Shasta
Operations are. about; to begin in- the
Davidson Canyon, in Arizona, -
The mines -at Chloride. Ariz., are using
crude 'oil: for ;tuel and a saving of frqjm
20 to 30, per cent is claimed as the result of
the change. ';¦.; . . I -
ProvidihgMore Storage.
¦Wells have increased in capacity of their
own accord. • If each one ot the hundreds of
wells completed had been drilled on an. acre
of land by itself scarcely more than a section
and a half of proven district would thereby be
utilized. But as is well known this uniform
ity 'ia» not been adhered to, and the produc
ing wells are distributed over twenty sections
of land and still the field is gradually extend
ing, especially to the west and northwest. It
is also expected the recent strike of, the Pano
rama en the south side will open up another
extended area. This leads men who are aware
of the 300 or- more feet of rich sand that has
been encountered in sinking some of the deeper
wells to bank on the lasting qualities of the
Kern River district, while it is safe to Biy
that fears of the field being: of short duration
have come from people. who are not acquainted
with exlstinff conditions and who have not
made a study of the deposits., Up in the north
wet : strata of r sand have been encountered
that were unknown in the lower field. This
beinK true, in the general opinion H is safe
to assert that other strata at present undis
covered will be penetrated as the holes are
deepened. If it* Is or if it is not the case it
U sMU the Kern River field will fast forge
ahead as the sands already known will fur
nish a supply that cannqt be exhausted for
years to come. . y, ¦ ¦ ' •!
During the next three weeks the \ oil
fields of Kern County will be the center
of interest for oil men all over 'the State.
There thi appraisers .who ' were sent to
Bakcrsiiel'd and the adjacent country to
appraise the oil properties of the com
panies that have producing wells will
work without Intermission until they are
able to make a full report to those who
are at the head of the movement to form
an association' of the producers of petro
leum for their common protection and
benefit. The appraisers are B. Blenfeldt
of San Francisco, Arthur F. Bell an.d Wil
liam Mulholland of Los Angeles. All lo
calities will to carefully estimated. A
basis wil be provided for ah agreement
when tho returns are in that has not here
tofore existed.
The agreement made by the Lcs An
gees producers with the Oil Storage and
Transportation Company provides that
the storage company shall receive from
the producers all their output between
September 1. 1301, and September 1, 1906.
The company will take the oil as fast as
it can be produced on any day, Saturdays
and Sundays excepted. The storage com
pany will receive 5. per cent commission
for handling the oil and marketing it and
guaranteeing returns for all sales made.
r i'lio producers, through a committee, will
lix the price ot oil each month or more
frequently if necessary. For all oil car
ried over without, sale the company , will
receive 1 cent per barrel per month. The
storage company agrees that it will not
purchase from any producer, other than
the association while the agreement is
The Bakersfield Californian calls atten
tion to facts to illustrate the. permanency
of the Kern River field. Among these is
the continuance of the production, with
out diminution, of the wells that have
keen drilled other than that due to the
sanding up of the holes. The Californian
says: ¦ . . .' •
WASHINGTON, Au^. 17.-Felix A.
Reeve, acting Solicitor of the Treasury,
has rendered an opinion on the question
raised by Frederico de Getau, resident
commissioner from Porto Rico, 'as to
whether a customs duty of 5 cents a
pound should not be imposed on all cof
fees imported into Porto Rico from tha
United States under the terms of the For
aker act. The Solicitor holds adversely
to De Getau's contention, and in tha
course of his opinion says:
"It is evident from the care with which
coffee was excluded in the Foraker act
from the free list, in respect to importa
tions from the United States during tha
existence of the 15 per cent duty system,
that it was the Intention of Congress to
recognize and protect the coffee industry,
in Porto Rico. It can hardly be doubted,
also, that it was not the purpose of Con
gress that such protection should cease*
upon the enactment and installation of a
local system of taxation In Porto Rico.
"The duty of 5 cents per pound on cof
fee was, I think, distinctly a protective
measure. But I regret to say that I seo
no escape from the conclusion that the
broad and unrestricted provision of sec
tion 3, abolishing 'all tariff duties on mer
chandise and articles going into Porto
Rico from the United States' upon the en
actment of a local system of taxation,
etc.. embraces the duty on coffee as well
as the duty on any other article of mer
chandise.
"The case seems to me to be one of
mere inadvertence on the part of Con
gress. They merely neglected to mak<»
the . exception of coffee from the free
list applicable as well after the adoption
of the new system of taxation as during
the existence of the 15 per centum duty
.system."
Dies Prom King Injuries.
LOWELL, Mass., Aug. 17.— John Dion,
the boxer, who was knocked out in the
ninth round of a twenty-round bout witU
Charles Armstrong at the Knickerbocker
Club Thursday night, died from his in
juries to-day. Dion suffered from concus
sion o'f the brain and never regained con
sciousness after the sudden termination
of the contest, Armstrong. Cornelius Des
mond, manager of the club. Referee Wil
liam Kelleher, Seconds Martin and Jnnr
Flaherty for Dion and. Billy Gardiner,
Tommy Tulley and Peter Allen for Arm
strong, are under arrest.
Both boxers were local men. The blo-w
that Injured Dion was an upper-cut with
the light following a left awing for tlia
body. Dion sustained terrible punishment
with little hope of winning after the ruid
dla of the first round.
Macedonians Advise Peace.
SOFIA, Aug. 17.— The Macedonian Con
gress has closed. The Moderates gained
the day and elected a committee under 1
the presidency of General Tzontcheft.
The congress decided that the members
of the committee should not be militant,
but snould peacefully promote the inter
ests of their countrymen.
An honest man should be worth more
than $1000. The least price should ba
$1200.
Appraisers Investigate
¦ Kern to Promote a
Combine.
Opinion Rendered in an
Important Porto
Rico Case.
FIXING VALUES
FOR OIL WELLS
COFFEE DUTIES
IN CONTROVERSY
According to the OHphant report to the
United States Geological Survey, the to
tal production of petroleum in the United
States during 1900 was 63,362,704 barrels,
valued at $75,752,691. Thia is the greatest
annual output in the history of the oil
industry in this country. Of the total
amount Ohio i-roduced 22,362,730 barrels;
We3t Virginia. 16,^5,675 barrels; Pennsyl
vania, 13,258.202 barrels: Indiana, 4,874,382
barrels: California, 4,099,484 barrels, and
New York. 1,300,925 Harrels. Colorado,
Kansas, Kentucky and Tennessee are also
oil-producing fctates, but the two former
are the only ones in the group that have
any appreciable Importance.
Dr. Clarence Barrett of Salt Lake City
claims to have extracted oil from shales
in Utah at the cost of 3.2 cents per bar
rel by a process of distillation.
Suit Over a Lease.
A suit is In progress in Kern County
to quiet title to leased oil lands. The
parties are the East Puenta OH Company
as plaintiff and the Zaca Oil Company as
defendant. The Bakersfield Californian
reports the facts concerning the contro
versy as follows:
Accordins to the complaint the plaintiff
leased the property in question . from the Wil
son Oil ComDany of Los Angeles for a period
of twenty years on January 11; 1901. Four
days later the plaintiff leased the property to
the defendant with the understanding; accord-
Ing to the comalalnt. that work should . com
mence within forty-flve days and that one
well should be finished -within ninety days and
a second well ba completed by July 15 last.
It is claimed that the defendant company
claims to hold an interest to the land, but
that it forfeited its rights to develoo the
property longer, as the terms of the agreement
have not been lived up to for the reason that
but one well was finished and that for the
past two months no work has been done at
all by the defendant company.
More wells were drilled in the Pennsyl
vania and Trenton rock oil fields last year
than during anv preceding twelve months.
The official records show the total number
was 14,583, a gain of 1315 wells over 1899.
Of the new wells drilled In the two fields
11,761 were productive and 2822 were
ejther dry or did not produce enough oil
to be profitable.
Some Large Figures.
ter of the western half of Santa
Barbara County. The nearest producing
field is at Summerland. about thirty-nve
miles distant. The Independent says the
indications are that an entirely new field
will be developed in the region of Santa
Maria. «,
There is another district in Shasta
County that th'e Redding Free Press says
is gaining prominence, this being the Flat
Creek section. Numerous small claims
have been located, but no extensive de
velopment work . has been performed.
Among those who have claims in the Flat
Creek region are the Mitchell, Brothers,
C P. Baker and Louis Reese.
The Redding Searchlight says that H.
L French of Butte City, Mont., is con
sidering the purchase of the Jenny Linfl
mine in Trinity County. French has other
mining men associated with him and they
have had the property examined. ¦¦¦• ¦ .
The Needed Wealth quartz mine in Plu
mas County, according to the Plumas In
dependent, has been bonded to F. D.
Frazier. The sale price is $20,000. •
During the first half of the year 1901 the
mines of the Coeur d' Alene region pro
duced mineral valued at $5,686,480. This Js
an increase over, the corresponding period
in 1900 of $443,000. Last year forty-six .min
ing companies were organized- to operate
in the Coeur d'Alenes and this year thir
teen companies have incorporated for the
same purpose. The increase in the output
oMhe ; district for the first ¦ six months of
the, present year was C280 tons. There has
been much speculation concerning the ef
fect that the policy of the American
Smelting Company- would "have upon ¦ the
district, as; the! trust determined to cur
tall the output of the lead. ;
Operations in the North.
The Boston stockholders of the Black
Bear mine, 1 so pays the Yreka Journal,
have notified John Daggett to start the
mill. The Sterling. Blue Jay and other
quartz mines in the Hungry Creek dis
trict, so says the same paper, are .lying
Idle on account, of litleration. . Espey of
Seattle, who has a claim at the mouth
of Hungry Creek, has met with good suc
cess
The Oregon Mining Journal says of the
California mine, which has recently
changed owners, being now the property
of the Turnagaln Arm Gold Mining Com
pany, that it has been controlled ever
since 1S73 by Henry Cable and J. B. Ca
bell. For years the ore was packed on
mule back to Umatilla. before there was
any railroad in the vicinity of the mine.
From Umatilla the ore was shipped to
Portland, and thence to San Francisco. In
later years the ore went to Denver and
Omaha at a profit. About a year ago
the property was bonded to Er F. War
ren and others, who turned it over to the
California Mining Company. The mine
consists of four claims, on which much
development work has, been performed in
the construction of tunnels. ;
Oil. Copper and Finance, a new mining
paper, has appeared at Los Angeles. It
is a very creditable looking journal and
contains valuable information.
Mining affairs, so says the Calaveras
Citizen, are a little quiet in Calaveras,
but the big mills throughout the county
are pounding with good results and much
good property is awaiting the advent of
capital to open it up. A general revival
of investment in the gold properties of
Calaveras County is anticipated by the
Citizen. . ,#The Commodore mine Is about
to resume sinking. The Stewart mine,
near Sheepranch, is getting ready for ac-'
tive operations. Sinking is going on at
the Sheepranch mine.* ;
The Boston News Bureau reports that
the Guggenheim Development Company
is about to invest a very large sum in
the millions In total for the uurchase of
additional properties in Mexico to deliver
ores at the smelters of the American
Smelting and Refining Company. No add
ed smelters will be erected now, as the
present plants are sufficient for the imme
diate future. j .
Mills Are Pounding.
There is reported to be much activity
in Pyramid Canyon, sixty miles above
Needles, on the Colorado River. There
is increasing work on both sides of the
river from Needles to the big bend. The
companies operating or owning proper
ties in that locality are the Gold Road.'
Hetlenue, New Comstock, Arizona and
New England and Nevada.
The Mokelumne River Mining Company
has been compelled to. discard tire big
steam shovel that was purchased at a
cost of $200,000. The company bought
farms and other lands near Clements and
erected power houses, flumes, etc. The
scheme has not been found tp be feasible.
S. H. Lucas has bought the plant of the
Mineral Union Consolidated Company at
Good Springs, Lincoln County, New This
originally cost $S0,000. but was secured by
Lucas at Sheriff's sale: He will-remodol
the works into a concentrating plant with
a capacity of about 100 tons per day. A
smelter may be added later when expected
railroad extensions have been made.
According to the Colfax Sentinel a rich
quartz ledge has been discovered in the
heart of Colfax. The discovery was ac
cidental. Work was going on at the resi
dence of Mrs. M.- K. Fildes, upon tho
grounds. The ledge was encountered
while terraces were being made. A shaft
has been sunk in decomposed quartz an<l
porphyry. Mrs. Fildes and her daughter
have been working with pick and shovel
upon their mine. An assay was made
showing a gpod value of gold and silver.
The ledge will now be systematically de
veloped. The Sentinel says that the Pio
neer quartz mine near Towle will soon re
sume work. A new mill has been started
at the Annie Laurie quartz mine, live
miles east from Colfax.
Finds Ledge in Coif ax.
The Carters New Era reports that the
Providence Mining Company is construct
ing a ditch two miles long from Duckwail
Canyon to the company's mine. The main
shaft In the Dutch mine will be sunk to
15C0 feet.
The forty-stamp mill at the Kennedy
mine in Amador County is kept running
night and day. Oil is used for fuel. At
the Onelda sixty stamps are kept at work
all the time. This mine is also using oil
fuel. The last sinking to be accomplished
for the Zeila mine is reported. Work is
progressing on four levels and 120 men are
employed. A strike of very rich ore in
the Central Eureka .mine is reported on
the 1800-foot level. The Western Pcnn-r'
sylvania Mining Company, which has
bought the Ivanhoe mine in Shenandooh
Valley from S. C. "Wheeler, will expend
$100,000 in development work.
Old-time miners will be interested in
the rehabilitation of Tombstone as a
scene of mining activity. Work is stead
ily progressing on the consolidated mines.
The latest accounts are that the pumping
machinery will soon be installed. Shafts
are receiving present attention. The big
four-compartment shaft is now feet
deep. Connections with the old drifts are
being made" as the shaft goes downward.
The story of the revival of" interest . in
mines long abandoned is not a new one,
but it always attracts attention. \
J. M. Day of Los Angeles has purchased
the town site of Bailee and a group of
four copper claims in the Pittsburg min
ing district. The townsite embraces eighty
acres. The copper claims adjoin the town
site* on the west. The claims are little
developed, but there is a 30-foot shaft on
one.
Mineral Wealth estimates that the cost
of working up ten acres of gravel, the
depth to be worked being thirty feet, is
$25,000. The cost of dredging by the latest
and most improved machinery is about 4
cents per cubic yard. The graver at Oro
ville and vicinity is very profitable, pro
ducing from 20 to 30 cents per <?ubic yard.
The Scott Valley Advance says that
more than 500 men are employed by the
company that is developing the Sweep
stake mining property in Trinity County.
Coffee Creek, which turned out $17,000 in
bullion last month, is likely to do as well
in August. Hydraulic mines throughout
Siskiyou County are closing on account
of lack of water. A deal is under way for
the Humpback quartz mine, owned- by
R. L. Fagundes.
Night and. Day Big Quartz
3VI i Is Are Crushing Very
Rich Ores.
Mountain Mines Kept
Ringing "With Sound
of Labor.
MYRIAD STAMPS
ARE IN MOTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
The only ' route ; having through i sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily.' Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake 'City, i ¦ For -full information . ask L.
M. Fletcher, 12C California street. : , *
"The Missouri Pacific Iiimited."
19
DEADLY NARCOTICS!
"A noted chemist of Chicago, having analyzed all the well-known pile medicines, de-
clares that all contain- poisonous narcotics, such as opium, deadly nightshade, or cocaine. or
mercury, which Ss equally harmful, and should be labeled. with a skull and crossbonea."
I The Verus Pile Cure Company hereby denounce the above statement as false, in so far as
VERUS PILE CURE is concerned, and will pay $5000 00 reward to any chemist who can find
a trace of opium, cocaine, -deadly nightshade, mercury or ANY of the recognized narcotic
poisons in it. ¦• :•"¦ ¦ • VSRU8 PIL5 CDiE C3MPAHT.
$50 REWARD if VERUS Fails to Cure Piles.
- = .SANTA, CRUZ. Aus. 10. 1301: SAN JOSE. Auc 5, 1901.
¦Verus Pile- Cure, Co.: Your pile cure gives v ._,, p.._ cure Co • Tour ntle oota 1* «»n
entire satiefactlon, as all to whom I have sold . erus , File cure t,o.. your pile cure Is sell-
It are CURED, and say they cannot praise it in S very rapidly and am pleased to ask you In
too highly: You are, no doubt, aware that I the short period of twenty days to duplicate
duplicated my order, a Yours. - etc., ' my order of July 16th. "Forward immediately.
J. H. HORSNYDER. Drusgist. Yours, etc.. J. G. MUNSON. Drue«ist.
DRUGGISTS VERU9.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
« ! Are You a Man? I
¦¦¦^ILi With No Back Pains, |
_____ : __*5-^ / • ¦ s" lVin l\Jof \7 Alien ac c *
9*M$M$n \ l»vl YUU.D1IUDD5 •
> B I y\ ' N° Waste of Power, |
I ¦ W ' /^^m\ No Loss of Ambition ' I
5 "W ' M ' \ But with P Isnt V of life and S
\ ¦ 7 -tiW ¦ "^^^P^ ]*T- Such y° u can be if y° u wear g
I / MB Wm^^ : Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. S
» / -JPfif .'..-/C^^Bmit '*''¦ with * Sus P ensor y for Weak g
\ I J^ iiii W^^W^^^^i' To e stVonff and manly is the aim of every younpr man, and g
' / m W X y^4 Ar\ J vf» y et how many we find who are wasting, the vitality and strength g
\ f^imi- llh \ ///// ffl which nature gives them through the follies and errors of 2
> (mimsii \' / II- youth.. Instead of developing into the . strong, vigorous, manly
I vtMWa \\/ • $3 young fellows that nature intended them to -be they find them- o
; >He&L • '\^ Mer selves weak, stunted and despondent; _ no : ambition to do any- O
> ' . * -I . .wr thing. They strugRle aimlessly along, sooner or .later to become ©
> \ >l victims of that dread disease, nervous debility; their fin^r sen- ' •
I . • '.-'. il sibilities blunted and their nerves shattered — victims \ of a secret g
I K A ¦ ' waste that is sapping the very life and manhood out of them. S
1 WHAT A DIFFERENCE !
|< Between this class of men and the strong, manly young fellow who has not abused na- { MS >• S
> ture's gifts and who is in full possession of the gift of manhood that nature bestowed m>, v . j«6e<t| ©
) upon him— full of life, vim and vigor that should be characteristic of every young man. Mlfeflb SFU *
I He is the envy of his fellowmen. His superiority is evident in his every action, because (f^V, Ns> " fifl /•
> he feels the confidence and strength of his manhood. Do you wonder why some young \i4%f f t*l\ if\I S
J men yearn for the power that they have wasted through their early indiscretion? "To \3^T'4^w\ 1 t\
err is human," and that is why nature has provided a remedy for the evils that come to W^SMf£*kS,j %
! the young fellow who has disobeyed the laws of nature. There" is a lack of electrical , 'Ei y^^ Jr ©
I force in the nerves, ! ajid this can be restored by supplying electricity to the system. To a^^^^^-^ ©
I do this, and do it thoroughly, is what has given to . >rt(M!^^^ -^ '4.
I Dr. McLauqhlin's Electric Belt-..-^ B %Aki
I its world-wide reputation. It has 50,000 cures of weak men. weak women (as good for women as for men), q
) Rheumatics, Dyspeptics, and sufferers from pain and debility. ' . - C
B A "¥"i~ V> 1 ini~r> DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear, Sir: I must say thaV your Belt Is the best treatment •
> I Alrfl \s& h **b lame back or rheumatism that has ever been put in use. Your Belt is the acme O
k L/l B i \> U I%I_O of all medical appliances; and I would riot be without It. • ©
k — --¦'• - S. W. WHITMAN, Raymond, Cal. g*
I . DR. McLAUGHLIN- Dear Sir: In regard to effect of your treatment in my case, I will say that the varicocele Is S
: cured, and I feel better and stronger in every respect than I did when I began using the Belt. Yours respectfully, JJ
> v ; C. A. BEHRENS, Gracy, Cal. $
> DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Your Belt has Cured me of intestinal indigestion and liver complaint after I had ©
> doctored for years without benefit. CHRIS BRANDT, Hen&y, Cal., Aug. 5. 4)
> DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I feel that I could not, live without your Belt. $
{ , . MR3: HELEN WILLIAMS. Haywards, Cal. f)
) x>/^v tr if jrj. v t^t Most of the belts that I am selling now are to people who have been urged to use 0
> 1^8 y/Vl l» I 1^ k by f" ends wll ° nave been cured. It is curing your neighbors, and will cure 4)
I ax you.- Try it. Come and see it' and test it free, or let me send you my book, describ- ©
I ing how it cures, sealed, free. Inclose this ad. • f%
! DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 702 Market Street, Cor. Kearny, San Francisco. I
) Office h'oursi 8 A.M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. O
MISCEL3LA1TEOUS. .
BBBlBSEIIIISBIIIIIIlilBIII||||||| IHBIIIBIII | BE | BHIU HBI||||IEnilll
n ¦ ¦ . ¦ . . , ¦ . ¦ v . -* *. I
*™ MV m^& m T?rk S 4 M KnI HjJ vStafc^te^ mCm KB A B M i
I Furniture, Rugs, Draperies, Curtains. !
M * ¦
B Comer 16th and Mission Streets. |
I \ More Bargains This Week. > I
| A manufacturer's surplus stock of Parlor Tables and surplus stock of Book Cases. !
a 1 manufacturer's "Grand Rapids Exhibit" of Parlor Chairs and Rockers. ' i
g A manufacturer's "firand Rapids Exhibit" of Dressers, Chiffoniers, and Chamber Sets, i
| A manufacturer's surplus stock of Combination Desks and Book Cases. j
g All the above purchases by us at from 60 to 75 cents on the dollar. In addition to the above we shall |
h £^< T*™ 1 • e Parlor Chairs and Rockers, Odd Dressers, Parlor Suits, Morris Chairs, Divans, Chif- g
g fomers and Dining-Room Furniture. .' E
| ALL ARTICLES MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES.!
1 fjL*^ 'lw-^f.*5^ Parlor^ Suits? %, 'eof. J - i
j •>» •' r z • £/^*! y 5 . • ¦ i
1 The Three Pieces, $17.00. |
| This hands ome Three-Piece Parlor Suit, consisting of Divan, Easy Chair and Reception Chair, is of *
2 exceptional value. "We purchased a quantity of these frames especially for our great Fall Season. The suit is |
1 in mahogany finifSi, highly polished by hand. The frames are neatly upholstered in fine silk damask, spring |
S seat, and it is one of the many bargains that can be secured at Pattosien's, corner Sixteenth and Mission. G
g See the immunise d/.splay of Parlor Rockers and Parlor Furniture on the Great Second Floor. I
H " - • ¦ " ¦ • ~- E
| More Parlor Furniture Bargains: j
J $15.00 Morris ChaJX df\ T" 1 Our e! *tire Second Floor devoted to this T E
Si Reduced to n)"* / 3 Ba * e - A v 'sit to this great and popular > g
B eioAA n "r^ ••-•'—'• department •will convince you that this is /SP5-\ « • /tf&± ' 5
g >I_.OO BOX Couch, large rccep- the place to buy Parlor Furniture. )V-7 j^Votik t
g tacle for clothing— Hit- en 100 fancy parlor chairs, many of J^-Z-<^^^^^^^^Y» / 1
B duced to v-. vJ>O»>-»VJ them nicely inlaid, upholstered seats. i^^^^^iMSW /. C&fii'ZCL Lfil ? 5
| <?3.OO Parlor Chairs, upholstered &£ 1 «=^- &&l^/^i£m I
| scats and backs, regular, English price O C «OU \ t
copy — g3 TZf\ $30.00 PARLOR SUIT, piano polish. t=ilk f^ff^^.'<^^h^V^^^^<ik^ky^it '•%! fi
2 Reduced to . . .u. 3>-J»v3U damask upholstering - Re- «O ? £Z '^B^fctwo"^ ,1^^f^»^i! 1 |4 t
2 AWL "- CU *• J u * duced price '"Mf I «3--fcl.~jKisJ L'M^»ffi5?v®H f 'i p
E C A DDPT' *30.O0 PARLOR SUIT, fancy deccrated j OilkL^^ ¦ fsif&wi^! 1 I \
H W/%. IX 1 i_rf 1. backs, hand polished, upholstered spring ZXB*!tr r r U jir t jf&XM&fiwSKS&C / ¦
M seat, assortment of colors— QQ CTfi BSSflgg^figSg Bl fe
g RARCiASIVS Educed p^e I ¦«SSp3 // S
«! L/ni\VjnLai>4j. • $ir>O.«K) PARLOR SUIT, largp tufted. Z]]\ 1 * Fif| "•Nt l V»^«v-'*5C I E
S c • • • k • r~ full curved back, .very comfortable shape. n-r*rtirl* i****4 r r*S3^35& i * :^ 5 /// 1
B Smitns Axminster Carpets. new and a rreat bargain-Re- 1 ¦ pz f\(\ ¦MF&W3& { - ftg^/UHk /If 1
E .spring; patterns. per CIAH duced price l*c»«W {W, S\ap» \i g
d V arH OI.UU R35.OO DIVAN, solid mahogany, very n&jgtEVt&Sl W>> 5 "" ft V "a'V t P
B c - j j'c' "• \'-"\'-'i * r- i. neat, and the latest design f>«T> rzf\ ZH^jI^LJJI W\ VC^ QJ$ I I"* i «
£ Santord atid Smith s \ elvct Carpets. -Reduced price ZOiOU -pyS^mg.. p^ j T)T J J_J l| C
S new defign?. per yard ci /^K $40.00 davexport. solid mahogany, Lt— i£I.^.^^teG^^ I '
™ " \3lt\JZ) full six feet long, high arm? and back. ¦SEi^^RflfiSS '"'•' "1 J.Z 1 ¦ lit i G
» "J'd , r must be .seen to be appre- Cy? f\C\ r^Sf^V^TZT" \ I t
QS Body Brussels Carpets. oj »— ciated-Reduced, price -^ t •\J\J VS*$G>a$3SE& lv*8S? -VS |H [
B to cloee, per yard v^l»lvJ 9150.00 davexport, rich crotd ma- ||. '\hfl\ ' ' g *^ ." .**•* "_r~* f' 1\ k
3 Rp^r Tpicctrv Rrnccpis «» p» hcjrany. with a heavy substantial fram*. : jSjfJiyZn l tfQi£# il\ 'V >*» ' " ** lilRw k
g HC.t i_apestr\ Brussels > r upholstered in heavy mo- QCT An SSSS^SS V %Q>\ \^Jt" " I TI E
*f manutacturcd, per yard ' v> *-' quette-Reduced to uOiUll »*^SS!] \ Wg'VC^). \\t*\ K
S Extra heavy Inprain?. Or^ ?T.5O parlor chairs, hand polished Til' VT^ ¦ v^S^j l/i|J e.
¦3 , " J3C frames, upholstered scats, with or with- i "C?*?****^ ft f f A I ¦ ". '/]'?.. g
B Per jara •;••• out backs- p? Art J*g4css«?BB» 7 r&tTT JJ±>\T 'Itffl E
H New importation Lino- EZC^. Reduced to O»vfU. -y*."'.'i'Myi6wu yV^7g v%.^^f ff'^' p
5 leum per square vard O«-/l^ $i.s.oo divax. curved back, hand poi- P'H'** 1|ini *nin(iriVWi:^°"^ M '.*" ¦¦''¦n*»«iwwJii 'tjjh r
I ROYAL WILTON RUGS. Ss^^^lS® P^ 1 *^^^ I
™ Beautiful Oriental Designs. Louis XVI style. hand Qfr f\f\ > - ¦'^^ C
" 9irp n ft hv 6 ft S2O Oft made— Reduced price cJO«W w
g size 9 IO 6 ll lyi's ft.'. I [ *. '. [Issloo *g££ t 2S : SS?^n c S A iS2^IS tl Combination Desk and Book Case, i
B Size T2 ft. by 9 ft i...J?a5.OO t le | tt ° a f ch r e^!K e d u h ced t^ 22,50 Th!s Flne Q«arter-Sawed. Golden 6ak. S
1 BROMLEY'S REVERSIBLE w*Z^^£i££zZ. I
li ¦>«.«.«« lr 'ff a v «ry luxurious effect, heavy carved . f ., nelght. 40 mches wide, hand pol- g
¦ RUGS oak frame and very best CQ f\{\ ished, and richly decorated with hand f
B -c- r 2 1^ . atrt. *\t\ leather used— Reduced to.... Ot/tUU carvings and fretwork; has large French S
¦ Size 9 ft. by 6 feet ...SplO.OO' jsr.O.OO DAVENPORT SOFA BED, up- beveled mirror, and chipped class door S
RS Size 12 ft bv Q ft ...S19.OO ho'.stered in best French tapestry: has in cabinet above desk. Rejrular price S
K Size 10.6 ft. by 7.6 ft. .... .?1G.5O c^ er t s 0 . f .°f. . .?!^ h . i . n f.T.^: 35.O0 f&^^j&^h 28.50 E
If ACF CIII?TAINm and Curtain |
B^/pgI| WUKl/lIllD Materials. -. |
g SPECIAL-ODD LOTS-GREAT BARGAINS. ./ \
k AH 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 Pairs of a Pattern. f J
" THI^ WFFK we o??er the rea^ e st bargains in Lace Curtains that have I
g Hi 10 7rLLl\ ever bsen offered. Everyone a genuine bargain. It will be I
| your opportunity to avail yourself, and which will prove to you these most \
HI itpnt «r» r» \jT <pk r\ \f^ \fo Iff &* c * - B
**" 1 vl J lu I rVCl Kr IV-- ? Cm. 1 U Vw • P
b Come early; the best values will go quick. jj
FS BRUSSELS, IRISH POINTS, DUCHESSE, \
2 RENAISSANCE, ARABIANS, NOVELTIES. E
I The Prices and Values: \
g YOUR CHOICE, values up to d^j YOUR CHOICE, values up to d> * \
¦ $3.75 a pair, at ...... M>i $10.00 a pair, at q^4- J
| YOUR CHOICE, values up to '^^M^MmM^ S5 J
| 85.00 a Dair, at YOUR CHOICE, values up to $50.00, \
a YOUR CHOICE, values up to <t»O will be sold at the same ratio as R
i 87.50 a pair, at mJnJP already mentioned. '
1 IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION. \
BBHBBBBBEBHBBKBBBBBB>* B B^ EBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHHBBIiailBBBOH BHDBBBBBII!9BB^llCONSUL, CONEY DISPUTES
THE GENUINENESS OF THIS
MAN'S MILITARY. TITLE.
I "Walter N. Dimmick, ex-chief clerk of
the Mint,' is still: in the County Jall.hav
ing- been 'unable to procure- the bail of
$37,000 which was fixed in his case by
United States "Court Commissioner.Hea
cock:: He has engaged Joseph C. . Camp
.bell* as i his attorney, ¦ and _wlll • appear, be
fore <. 'Commissioner Heacock • : Monday
morning for preliminary examination.
Dimmick Engages Counsel.
Madam Martin 6f the City, of Paris Dry
Goods .Company has returned with a
choice line of handsome Pattern Hats; •:—
Alfred McLaughlin, who, was convicted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court for
simple assault upon Police Sergeant John
M. Lewis on March 16 last, appeared for
sentence yesterday. The Judge sentenced
him to three months in the County Jail.
• In passing sentence the Judge, after re
viewing the case, said. in part: "The court
is thoroughly satisfied In. the face of the
adverse : verdict that there is a substan
tial miscarriage of justice in the case of
this Mefendant. He should either have
bean declared innocent or found guilty of
a felonious assault..' The verdict Is proba
bly due, however.- to tue desire of : the
jury, to render ' one on which they ; could
all agree."
Daniel McLaughlln. a brother, of Alfred,
is yet; to be tried on the charge of assault
to murder upon .Lewis. ¦.
Been a Gross Miscarriage of
Justice.
Judge Lawlor Declares There Has
THREE (MONTHS IN JAIL
FOR ALFBED MciiAtrQHIjIN
The little girl was in court yestefday
and when she saw the defendant she be
came hysterical, and Secretary White of
the -Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children had a hard time controlling
her. ¦ •:,¦•* ,-..-.. • - ¦
' The case of Dora Schwarting, midwife.
510 Eddy street, charged with brutally
beating little Annie Keller, who lived
with her, was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday. Last Thursday the wo
man's attorneys consented not to insist
upon a trial by jury. and it was asreed
that when the case was called yesterday
she would plead guilty and a fine of $100
would be imposed. Her attorneys with
drew from the case yesterday, and at
torney Alfred P. Black announced that he
would look after - her interests and de
manded a trial by jury.
The Judge said the court had been tri
fled with, and he ordered the defendant
into custody, raising her ball from $100 to
$250. The case was continued till to-mor
row for trial -by jury/but, Black declared
that he would ask that the case be trans
ferred to another court. \ . .
' ~ Cruelty-.
on the Charge .of
Accused of Trifling With- the Couit
MHS. SCHWAETINQ, MIDWIFE,
ORDERED INTO CUSTODY
In the meantime the relations between
Colonel Reed ' and Consul Coney are
strained, and the Hidalgo Club intends
taking action against, the latter. -, ; ,
years ago. SheHias lived twelve years in
Mexico, and pledges her word as a Valen
cia that her husband is all that he claims
he is. She states that Consul Coney has
made mistakes before and never had the
courage to admit his errors. She says this
is one of his numerous "bad breaks," and
now charges him with prejudice and bias.
The lady believes he "has cut. his own
throat" and will shortly be removed as
Consul. : • ' •
DES - MOINES, Iowa. Aug. 17.— Mrs.
James Callahan. wife of the well known
capitalist and philanthropist, reputed to
be the wealthiest man in Iowa, died at
midnight as the result of a runaway two
weeks ago, in which she and her husband
were severely injured. • ' '
Death of Philanthropist's Wife.
We think that this matter will appeal to you
as being a Just one without going Into the
merits of the same.
It has been called to the attention of the
Grand Jury that an amendment should be made
to the charter providing for progressive pay
ments belnfr made to contractors ¦who have
secured public contracts. Understanding that
one of the committees of your board has under
consideration certain amendments' to be ' sub
mitted to the people we would respectfully ask
that you kindly, take Into consideration the
above complaint and arrange to have an
amendment inserted lr. the charter providing
for the progressive payments referred to.
The Grand Jury sent a communication
yesterday to the Supervisors with a re
quest that the charter be amended so as
to permit progress payments on public
contracts/ This defect in the charter was
pointed out in an article recently pub
lished in this paper. The communication
says: jj •
mit Charter- Amendment to %
the People.
Grand Jury Asks Supervisors to Sub-
PROGRESS PAYMENTS ON
.CITY CONTRACTS FAVORED
Colonel Reed's wife is a Valencia. She
was reared In this city and was united
in marriage with her husband fourteen
Despite the Consul's charges it seems to
be a case of mistaken identity. Colonel
Reed claims he never visited the office of
Mr. Coney, never saw him and does not
know the gentleman. He says he never
was compelled to borrow money and never
asked a loan of Mr. Coney. He Is an arch
itect and Has 'lone considerable work for
the Mexican Government. He h^s been
'in this city for the last nine months with
his wife and children. He is now presi
dent of the Hidalgo Society, a prominent
organizatio'n or ' this city, and he claims
that the Consul makes these charges
through jealousy. Colonel Reed calls at
tention to the fact that on September 15
the Hidalgo Club celebrates the anniver
sary of the in-.lependtnce of Mexico, and
on the following day Consul Coney's so^
ciety will celebrate the event. As both
gentlemen have been chosen "presidents
of the day" by their respective organiza
tions, and as these celebrations connect in
a way, the feeling between the two gen
tlemen is strained.
The charge made by the Consults based
on a dispatch he received from General
Reyas, Minister of War, In which it was
stated that no such name as Reed or
Rayed appears on the roster of the army.
Consul Coney stated yesterday he was
led to make inquiries Into the matter by
reason of Colonel Reed having visited his
office some months ago and attempting to
borrow $5. The request for such a small
loan aroused a feeling of suspicion in the
breast of the Consul. He thought that a
colonel would surely 'ask for a much
larger sum and stand as much chance of
getting It. He said that Colonel Reed was
a wanderer from his country and a wan
derer from the truth.
charging that Colonel Juan
Guillermo Reed, president of, the Hidalgo
Club, is not and never was an officer in
the Mexican army. Colonel Reed's friends
ascribe this charge to jealousy on the
part of the Consul.
AK. CONEY, Consul in this city
for the republic of Mexico, has
rased a hornet's ftest in the
O Mexican colony by openly
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity Metho
dist Church will nrcach thi6 morning on
"Lessons From Moses." and In the even-
Ing on "Lessons From the Strike."
Rev. S. D. Hutshipiller of the Central
Methodist Chr.rch will preach this morn
ing on "Canst Thou Bind the Sweet Influ
ences?" and in the evening on "Found
Out at Last."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Methodist Church will preach
this evening on "What Has Become of the
Publican?"
Rev. Frank K. Baker of *the First
Methodist Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "The Transfiguration of Christ "
and in the ever.ins en "The Life of
Christ."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street Methodist Church will preach this
evening ort "The Cost of Righteousness-
Are You Willing to Pay for It?"
"Mind" will be the subject of discussion
at the First Church of Christ, Scientist,
this morning. "*
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this evening on "The
Christian in This World," and in the even
ing on "Adoniram Judson, the Missionary
to Burmah."
Rev. W. M. Kincaid. D. D., of Honolulu
will-preach this morning in the First Con
gregational Church on "Heartsease," and
in the evening on "Truth's Appeal to
Conscience." .
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Wise War Making," and in
the evening on "A Life Worth Living."
Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary Presby
terian Church will preach this morning on
"Sabbath Dissertation." and in the even
ing on "For the Use of Others."
Rev. William Rader of /he Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Certainty of the End," and in
the evening on "The Workingman and the
Church of To-day."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning on
"The Laborer, the Capitalist, the Church
and Jesus Christ." -
Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on "No
Other Way," and in the evening on "Jesus
Is Christ."
Rev. W. E. Duran of the Stewart
Memorial U.- P. Church will preach this
morning on "The Easy Yoke," and in the
evening on "The Uncut Leaves of a Man's
Face." .
Right Rev. C. T. Shaffer, D. D/, M. D.j
of Topeka, Kansas, Bishop of the fifth
Episcopal district of the African Metho
dist Episcopal church, arrived in this city
last Friday evening and is .the guest of
the Rev. Dr. Snelson, F. R. G. S., pastor
of Bethel Church, 1207 Powell street. ' •
Bishop Shaffer is in charge of the Mis
souri. North Missouri, Kansas, Colorado
and Puget Sound conferences in America
and of the Sierra Leone. Liberia and Gold
Coast conferences in West Coast Africa.
He comes to California to hold the A.
M. E. conference for Bishop Arnett. .who
has been called to London to attend the
Ecumenical Methodist conference. Bishop
Shaffer will preach at Bethel. Church, 1207
Powell street, this morning and evening.
The California A. M. E. conference will
convene at Stockton on Thursday morn
ing and continue for four days.
The religious work committee of the
Young Men's Christian Association has
secured the services of Rev. D. M.
Stearns, D. D., of Philadelphia to address
the men's meeting this afternoon at -3
o'clock. Dr. Steams is one of the most
noted divines of the East and this will be
the only opportunity to hear him during
his visit. An invitation Is extended to
all young men to be present.
The usual monthly praise .service will
be given this evening by the vested choir
of tit. Paul's Church, California street,
near Fillmore, Rev. \V. M. Reilly, rector.
A jubilee mission of one week will be
opened by Fathers Smith and Wyman of
the Order of Paulists .in St. .Brendan's
Church, Fremont and Harrison streets,
at the 10:30 a. m. mass to-day. Services
will be held daily at 6 and 8:3U a. m. and
7:30 p. m. The full privileges of the papal
jubilee may be gained by those who at
tend these services. .
The usual monthly musical service vlll
be held at St. Dominic's Church this
evening. The sermon will be delivered by
Rev. Father Leo M. Heagen, O. P. -
Rev. L. W. Simmons will preach at the
Union Square Baptist Church this morn
ing. His subject will be '-'The Present
Crisis, From a Christian Standpoint."
Acting on the hint contained in the res
olution the board delegated Director
Mark to arrange for the installation of
the playground, and the lease of the prop
erty mentioned followed. Of the appro
priation the sum of $2000 will be used to
pay for the fir3t ten months' rent arid $10,
000 for the laying out of the grounds and
the purchase of a suitable equipment. The
latter will include the apparatus to be
found in all well regulated outdoor gym
nasiums, such as a cinder path, handball
alleys, etc. , The details of the work will
be under the. direct supervision of Physi
cal Director Magnus,- who will begin op
erations at once. -
Whereas, This board appropriated the sum
of twelve thousand dollars in the budget for
the fiscal year 1901-1902 for the establishment
and maintenance of a playground south of
Market street and east of Tenth, for physical
culture; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Board of Education be
and It Is hereby requested to immediately take
such action as may be necessary In order to
carry out the Intention of. this board to estab
lish and maintain said playground.
This action on the part of the School
Board has been long delayed, and was not
taken until the Board of Supervisors had
adopted a pointed resolution directing the_
first named body to take steps to comply
with the terms of the tax budget last
June. The Supervisors at that time ap-^
propriated the sum of $12,000 for' the es
tablishment of a playground in. a district
where It. is sorely needed. The School Di
rectors were disinclined to install the
playground,. > and at , an ; open ¦ meeting ; of
the Supervisors two of the directors re
fused to answer a direct Question put by
Supervisor Braunhart as to whether the
money appropriated would be used to' es
tablish the playground. They gave as a
reason that they could not answer for
their colleagues. ' As the days went by
and no apparent move was made by the
Board of Education to proceed with the
work the fallowing resolution was adopt
ed on July 22 to remind it of its plain
duty: ¦•• . ' '
The Board . of Education yesterday
closed out "a lease for the lot at Harrison
and Seventh streets from J. Enright of
San Jose for the purpose of establishing
a children's playground In the district
south of Marke.t street. The lot is 275x275
teet in 'area and the rental agreed upon
Is 12400 per year. The lease is to run for
one year, with the option of a renewal for
four years at the same figure.
Topics of the Sermons to Be
Preached To-Day by the
Pastors. .
Takes Action After Supervis
ors Reprove It for -_£/ y^
Delay.
Comes to Preside at Con
ference of African
M. E. Church.
School Board Secures
; on Seventh
Street. .
Consul Cohey and Colonel Reed Exchange Views
and Express Poor Opinions of Each Other.
BISHOP SHAFFER
IS IN THE CTIT
LOT IS PLEASED
FOR PLAYGROUND
TROUBLE IS BREWING
IN MEXICAN COLONY
20
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901,
OCEAN TRAVEL. i t 5
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
*]w • Wharf, San Francisco:
»J?jS*a(h. For Alaskan po^ts— 11 a. m.,
VfewSfe\ every fifth day. Change to
JiSS^wisJ 1 **^ company's steamers at Seattle.
K5kB^«*Mk5 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
pJ?VS^ V?| C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
• Fj^vWf* 5 ?*-,! Tacoma, Everett. Anacnrtes
ii^S^»a ind New WMateom (Wash.)—
"Hjgg^jl -j! a _ m^ every fifth day.
Charge at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ky. ;
at Seattle or Taco^na for N. P. Ry. ; at Van*
couver to C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day. ¦ .
For Fan. Diego. Ftopt^rig only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anjrelea and Rednndo (Los Ad-
K«le«;)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rn.:
steamer State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a. m.
For Los ATigreles. calling at • Santa' Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(Pan Luis : Oblspo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hupneme. Ea^t San Pedro. San Pedro
and fNpwport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta.' Tuesdays.
9 a. m. . <
For Ersenada, Majrdalena' Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazitlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
The company reserves the right to chanjee
steamers, sailing dnys and hours ef sailing
without prpvlon« notice.
TICKFT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
r.treot fPalnce Hotel).
GOODALL. PERTCTTCS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
"10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Q. R. A 7¥. CO.
Only Stannmnlp Lino «o "
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Rl'ort Roll L,!na from Portlani t» rtV
roint* ir«»»t. Thrnn^h »i;Tcst^ t-» »M
pclnt^. r*V «- «t««»Ti*V'> «»ii rnil, a»
IiO'wxist HA.*r:i3s. • '
STEAMER TICSET3 INCLTOB BSaTH and MEAM
SS. COLUMBIA ..;.. :
..' Sails Aug. 1. 11. M. Jl, Sept. 10. JO. J»
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
..Sails Aut. 6. IS, 28. Sept. 5 IS n
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..! Montgm'y. a.K
TOYO KISEN KAISHAV
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at In m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong, with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
....Wednesday, September 4 13(11
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU...........
-'-_ * •¦¦!. ...... "..." ...•.Wednesday. October 23 1901
Round-trip tickets" at reduced ., rates. ' For
freight and passagg apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
"PANAMA R,-B,:*SS
TO' NEW YORK VIA PAN4MV DIREST,
Cabin, J105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S.S.Argyll KiiiU , Au : ».r
S. S. Leelanaw .nail* - . Aug.
S. S. Argyll s»i s -V. ! * Sept.
From Howard street . at 2 p.' m. ¦
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR, -Pacific Coast Agent.
¦BBBMnBMHswMGaM&sss&ae&e&KsH
ADVERTISEHENTS.
g MONDAY, TUESDAYand WEDNESDAY |
I jM 1
O 200 dozen LADIES'- TWO-CLASP *a
Q HKAL KID GLOVES In latest etyle X
ji Ftitchinir. colors red. brown, mode, *[
** tan, gray, green, white and black; reg«- 9
0 ular value one dollar. . Q
& ZF&Kjo §
© SO dozen LADIES' IMPORTED &
G FRENCH KID PIQUE GLOVES, never Q
Q before sold for less than one dollar and gs
gji fifty cents. All up-to-date, stylish, ~
1 reliable gloves. ' :. \ ? . ¦ J*
¦ . ' . • O
• o^^r^ •
0 OaU^ 9
O*" 50 dozen LADIES' PERFECT FIT- 2
_. TI.VG TWO-CLASP WASH CHAMOIS W
© GLOVES In white, buff and pearl. An Q
O excellent glove for shopping and general Q
$5 wear. Formerly sold for one dollar. q
I IQSS GLOVE STORE I
g 1210 Market St., %
€• Between Taylor and Jones Streets. Q
| Fine Velour Bed Lounge, 1
; with box and steel tern- \
1 p:red springs $12.50 j
Get an estimate from us on , '
| everj-thing required to furnish |
i your entire establishment H
| Credit and free delivery within \
I 100 miles. ; ' / '¦: ... j
We close at 6 except on Sat- I
urda3 r s and days before holi- S
days. On those days at 10 ;
; O'clock. I
¦ FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET, |
Opposite Union Square. |
gfe» . •— w~£3,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1500, and for the
vear ending on that day. as made to the In-
curance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by 'the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bowls owned by Company Jl.011,703 40
Cash in Company's Office 899 09
Cash in Banks 50,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 9,724 08
Premiums in due Course o* Collec--
tion 99,133 33
Total Assets Jl.171,519 90
LIABILITIES. — — =
Losep5 In process of Adjustment or
in Susper.re J49.833 80
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 246,310 00
GroFjs premiums en Risks running
enp year or less, 5 ; reinsur-
ance 10 per cent 376.214 01
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. S : rein-
surance pro rata S.S33 77
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 4,474 65
Reinsurance 525 SI
All other liabilities 55, 000 00
- Total Liabilities S7U.22S C4
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums S911.0o2 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Binds. Stocks, Loans and from <
all other sources 33,113 61
Total income $944,163 61
EXPENDITURES. '> ~~~ ™
Net amount paid for Losses (lndud- ¦
ing i 'losses of previous years). $410,666 32
Remitted to Home Office 4S.154 9*
Pa'd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage '244,559 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ' 40.125 CC
Vp.'A for Stste. National ana Local
taxes 24.S11 9$
AM other payments and expendi-
tures D1.453 C5
¦ • ««jaa
Total Expenditures J820.170 64
=====
A. W. MASTERS. General Manager.
Subscrf!>ed and sworn to before me, this 18th
day of January, 1901.
NAHK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
EO1A/. CTL /\INDI&
General Agent,
*4!6-4I« CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.
Pfc<ne John 61.
Ac:"d;nl and Liability Insurance. •
LR. HALL'S RElNVlGORATORSfgRgl
Vive hundred reward for any w^Jf 1 kftS
case we cannot cure. This secret a*"" «*§
remedy elops loesee in 24 hours. t H
curef Emissions, Impotency. Vari- S!E t-cjS?'
cocele, Strictures. Gleet. Drains, ! i^ Hr«j
Lort Manhood end all ether wast- jM*- fJbty
irg effects of felf-abuse or excess- WE* >V?»g
es. Sent sealed. t2 bottle; 3 bottles. "~*^*^j".
S5; iruarant?**! to cure wny case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
Market ft.. S. F. AH private diseases quickly
. cured Send for free book. «.
RQITQWJ?Q F0R BAP.DERS. BAK.
JD£iUO£i£iW ers > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers., .eanner*.'
<3ver». flourmille. foundries, laundries, paper-
lsanct-rs, firlnters, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
. Brush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramento
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
; J/EARST AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. Hurcpean plan.- Rooms. SOc to SI 50 day;
[f] to JS week; IS to $20 month. Free baths; hoi
end cold water «very room; flre crates In everj
room: *!«vator runs alt nlzbt.
weeeFcel
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pa^cs
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE. TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th\t
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor •; .*.
sSV: . : . ;to Men.
A Free Trial Packasn Sevt by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so mafiy men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Ms a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature less
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. -
The remedy has a peculiarly erateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development .lust where it is needed
It curds all the ills and troubles that romef
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all rases. A reaueft to the State Medical
Institute. 32S building.- Fort
Wayne. Tnd.. statinpr that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptlv. Tho Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the frep simplps will enable them
to see how easy it Is to b* cured of s>ex-
ual weakness w*<»n the nroner remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who whites will be
F*>nt a free sample, carefully" sealed m a
plain package, so thnt its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or 'pub-
licity. Headers are requested to write
without delay.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and winter re-
sort in Lake County. Boating, bathing bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine tobogRan 160 feet Ion*. Write for cir-
cular. EDOARDURNAN, Laurel Dell, Lake
¦ County, Cal. . .
, OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
AndCIA SUD AMKRICA.NA D5 VAPO1EJ
,To Valparaiso, stopping. 'at Mexican. 'Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard " 3, Pier , 10, .12 m. •.-.*¦ ¦
GUATEMALA. .Aug/-|COLOMBIA ....Sept. 14
PALENA- .../... .Aur. SllTUCAPEL .....Sert. 2S
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral _ and . South . American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0MPAONIE GENEH ALB TRANS ATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . J,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 ' a. m., from pier 42, •*SffiP»3»
North River, loot of Morton ' stree' . La Nor-'*
mandie, August-22: La Bretagne. August 21-
La Champagne. September 5; *La Savole, Sej-
.tember 12. ' ¦ ¦- . . . ¦. :
First 'class to Havre, J70, and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 - and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY, FOR UNITED STATES and ; CAN-
ADA," 32 . Broadway (Hudson building). New
York, i J. F. FUGAZI & CO.." Pacific , Coast
•Ager.ta, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all. Railroad Ticket -Agents.
: "Twin Screw Express Steamers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Arrival of Early. Fall Goods
\ v~A Large Variety of Entirely New %
Are Now on Exhibition on the Second Floor
. Fashion rumored that Fancy Flannels were to be greater
favorites for Waists and Wrappers for Fall 1901 than ever
before. Our buyers have been busy for months selecting
from the most noted manufacturers so that our showing of new
styles should not lack m elegance— That they have succeeded, •
the variety shows — Never has there been such a display of
beautiful Flannels. Some of the designs are exclusive— Ready
. to-morrow -with these and. other SpecialValues :
•French Flannels — At 75c a yard
RicTh Fancy French Flannels, 28 inches wide, in latest color
combinations. The variety embraces the choicest of Persian
designs, dots and small and medium figures. A very superior
quality at 75c a yard.
'Pastel Flannels— At 75c a yard
This pretty medium weight material, 27 inches wide, is here
in all the most fashionable colors in neatest oi fancy stripes.
One" of the coming season's choicest fabrics for Children's
Dresses and Ladies' Waists— 75c a yard.
Embroidered Flannels— At $i«oo-a yard
these are without doubt the* handsomest of the imported
novelties, are in solid ground with small embroidered
figures. A .stunning material for 1 la'dies' waists — splendid
value at $1.00 a yard.
Just Opened Fall Styles in
We will show on Monday, August 19th in the Silk Depart-
ment, early fall styles in-Ladies' Black Dress Silks, comprising
many novelties among which are :
Black Peail de Soie- Twenty-one inches wide
A strong silk of a rich quality, has many uses (t*
besides dress purposes; value $1.25. yard *y »OO
BlaCk Peail de Soie— Twenty-four inches wide
A good wearing silk of high, luster and fine (h_ ¦ r
finish; value $150. J. yard x 5
Black Peail de Levant— Twenty-four inches wide
This fabric is entirely new and an ideal (£ /V; im-
material for a stylish gown. yard *y I • 2
Black Flannel Taffeta— Twenty-four inches wide
A superb quality in a fine serviceable (£-,>»-.
silk. ¦ - yard vpi.^y
|| Children's Silk Gloves
50c Quality Reduced to 15c pair
Ciosing-out — Children's Silk Gloves. An opporfunity to
secure three pairs of gloves for less than the price of one. AH
colors, all sizes. Regular price 50c pair. To-morrow's price 15c
Ladies' Fancy Hose
Worth 50c — Now 25c Pair
Just when they are fashionable and in demand we offer a
special lot of Ladies' Fancy Hose. ( They are in latest colorings
such as Blue, Red, Tan and Purple ground with small and
medium designs. Regular 50c quality — to-morrow 25c pair.
' 1 125 to 131 Kearnp Street 1
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WHITE PASS AND
YUKON ROUTE.
To th« ATLIX. -WHITE HORSE. ' HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIO SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS.
Ocean steamers connecting: with rail Una at
Skaguay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIM SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAT AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
llr.Qua and Big Salmon miner
Direct connection made at WHITE HORSW
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIOATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMER3
TO DAWSCN.
Connections made at DAWSON FOR ALI*
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS. ' »
For freight over this route, quick dispatch Is
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time.
The White Pass and Yukon Route Is th«
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattle,
Wash.
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager.
Ska^uay. Alaska: Seattle. Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent.
;. -¦ ¦; 536 Market gt.. City.
AMERICAN LINE.
Stopping at westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St Paul .....Auarust 2?fSt..Paul Sept. «
St. Louis .......Sept. 4 St. Louis Sept. 23
Philadelphia ./.Sept. II 1 Philadelphia Oct. 2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
From New York 'Wednesdays, at* 12 noon.
•Zeeland Auitust 21 Kensington Sept. H
Frlesland ....August 2S Zee!and« Sept. 25
Southwark Sept. 4 Frigsland Oct 2
Vaderland Sept. 11 -
•Stop at Cherbourg, easthonnd. •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
S. S. MAMPOSA. for Honolulu only
..; Saturday. August 31. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 12, 10 a. m
S. S. AUSTRALTA. for Tahiti
Wednesday, September 11, 10 a. m.
j. 0.8PSE3SELS k BBSS. CO.. fiacsrai Ignis. 327 Harlot St
.Sen'I Paasngff Ctte, B43 Hirk^t St.. Hsr lo. 7. Pacfis St
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamara GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, S p. m., - except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice. p!er 2. Miasion-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
I Kr ie<teia^g_Ki(£rnitur^^ 1
1VT /=»-i Tpf« hn/i A Finer line of Side-
i\ e v er- iiau / b oar d s. ¦ in
| ment, beauty of material and quality of workman-:
|J ship the new designs fill every requirement of taste
and use. $45 to $y$ up, and as low as $12.00.
Better Take a ]^? k into the PM?ssy : De -
! partment every time you have a •
crTance— always something new to see. -Just now. i
there's a fine display of. the latest in Rope Portieres; | ;
hung as you'd like them in your own home. Prices begin at $3.00.
I BllSmeSS In the ' C^P^ Department, :
5 increases daily. This shpws
• that quantity, variety, and quality with good ser-
I vice makes a combination the public appreciates.
•j • "The Credit House." Six Stories High. 1TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of- the Superintendent.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at- Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
? SUNDAY, AUGUST 18.
. MANILA. Aug. 17.— A company of the
Twenty-sixth Infantry had ; an engage
ment with insurgents yesterday in'Cam
melarines'province. The troops killed Se
bastian Angles, a brother of General
and six privates, and captured a
major, two 1 captains and , nine privates.
Another -detachment captured the maga
zine at Lumballes and- also secured a
large quantity of supplies. - — «.
day; tho third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when- there are but three
tlde3, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when. • a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Americans Defeat "Filipinos.
Captain John Zitttnger of Comnany G.
Second Infantry, has been selected as the
range officer.
The resignation of Major Andrew Kirk,
military instructor at St. Matthew's
School, has been accepted.
Captains "W. G. Schreiher, Frank C.
Prescott and C. W. Agee have been
placed on the 'retired list. .- . ; .--..-
Adjutant General Seamans has disap
proved the returns of* the elections held
In the first division and in the second di
vision • of the Naval Militia because in
each case there was not a quorum pres
ent. New elections have been ordered.
With revolvers— Lieutenants 'A. Huber and C.
J. Evans of - tho division •staff; Major H. A.
Wegener, ' second • brigade -, staff; Lieutenant
Colonel E.' A: Forbes and' Major M. Pirky, Sec
ond Infantry; First Lieutenants ' F. Z. Pirky,
J. G. Leo and .W. .Jameson, state of the Second
Infantry; Gunner H. A. Harris, staff of Naval
Militia; Sergeant • W. C. Prltchard, Signal
Corps .Second Brldage; First: Lieutenant O.
J. Boden, Sergeant T. S. Kelly and Private K.
B. Lee of ¦ Troop B. -Cavalry; Captain M. J.
Burke, 'First i Lieutenant C. J. Fulle, Second
Lieutenant F. M. Vlerra, Sergeant E. Dough
erty, Corporal J. L». O'Malley and Privates G.
Kopman- A. G; Metz and J. H. Riley of Troop
C. Cavalry; Colonel J. W. Guthrie, retired list.
With rifles— Private C. Meyer, Company C,
First Infantry; Captain Francis "Warren, Com
pany. H,- First* Infantry; Captain F. K. Moore,
Company I, First Infantry; Quartermaster G.
W. Thompson and Private C. S. Salisbury of
Company A; First ..Lieutenant Thomas Rut
ledge, Second Lieutenant Henry Dickson, Ser
geants" E. F. Mason and H.- G. Smith. Quar
termaster - Sargeant J. B. Joseph, Musician S.
C. Smith and Privates C. H. Manville, J. R.
Thompson' and R. J. Gilmor of Company B;
Captain G. H. Vosa, Sergeant C. Slattery and
Private"?^ r . A. Stufin of Company. D; Captain
J. A'. McMartin. First Lieutenant J. E. Sher
burn. Second Lieutenant V.X. C. Moore. Ser
geants -W. L.' Thompson ,: and .'"W. "W. Martin,
Corporals M L. PerkinSi -E.' J. Lothammer, M.
G. O'Lea and B. S. Mitchell and Privates C.
C Folger, C S. Gardner and F. A. Gardner of
Company E; First Lieutenant W. Rawson, Sec
ond Lieutenant E. G. Griffin and Sergeant C.
H Turner of Company F; Second Lieutenant
J M. Miliken First Sergeant J. L. Guth, Ser
geant A. J. Petididler and G. B. Morley. Cor
porals R. J. Finley and C. J. Larrabee and
Privates P. Cook, W. H. Gordon,' C. Lucy, J.
P. Schardin and J. G. Thomas of Company D,
Second Infantry; First Sergeant A. N. Boyn
an<J Sergeant F. B. Moulton, Company D,
Fifth Infantry; First. Lieutenant F. W. Mlx
ter and Corporal P. B. Beville of Company E,
Sixth Infantry, and Corporal W. S.. Hudelsom
Company M, Seventh Infantry.
The first and second class championship
contests with pistol, and rifle for State
medals will be. held at the National Guard
rarige at Sacramento September 7. The
Blunt target will 1 be used Instead of the
figure" targets. The following named are
entitled to take part In these shoots:
Corporal 'Warren Phillips. ' Company . G, • to
be sergeant,' 94 per -cent; Corporal Edward Fin
nlgan. Company E, sergeant, 88 per cent; Cor
poral Charles J. . Wehr, Company F, sergeant,
81 per cent; Private Jasper Stahl,'. Company A,
corporal, ,98 per cent; Private W. H. Talbot,
Company G.' corporal, 88 per cent; Private Eu
gene M. ¦ Levy, Company ¦ G, corporal, 78 • per
cent:' Private C. . Chester, Company F. I cor
poral, 98 per cent; Prjvate Joseph A. McCarthy,
Company F, corporal, 94 per cent; Private Mar
cue Gang, Company F, corporal, 87 per cent;
Private Arthur Phillips. Company F, corporal,
75 per cent. ¦.„•. , '. '.. ¦ . . • .
Corporals H. H. -Varney and S. O. Fales
of Company D, First Infantry, have been
promoted to ; be sergeants of the same
company. . '. ¦ - " ¦ •¦ -
Seven men have been discharged from
the First at • expiration of • term and two
on account of removal. • . . .
First Lieutenant T.- P. "O'Brien will
score for. the field, staff,' non-commission
ed staff and baiid. • . _=,
Frederick A. Marriott has been commis
sioned a secend lieutenant of the First
Infantry. < ; ¦ . ¦-¦.-. ¦;. ¦ . • . '
Upon recommendation of the. reglmentl
board th'e following promotions • and ap
pointments in the First. Infantry are an
nounced, together - with.;.. the percentage
each man attained on # the examination : j
First' Lieutenant A.-'F.- Ramm for Company
A; First Lieutenant .'B. M. Clancy, Company
B; First Lieutenant. F. W. -Newbert,' Company
C; First Lieutenant L.'- F.- • Guedet, Company
X>; Sepondr Lieutenant .C- L.-< O'Donnell, Com
pany E; Second Lieutenant W. N. Kelly, Com
,pany F;" Second -Lieutenant 'William Corcoran,
Company G; ' Second Lieutenant H. Gr Stlndt,
Company H. . . : , •
The .First; Regiment- of -\; Infantry has
been ordered; to 'parade for V the - State
shoot at; the - ; Presidio ,.rifle ran&el Tlie
first practice j will vbe I on 1 . August - 25, tho
second September 15,- thirdj October 13 and
the skirmish practice on .November. 10.
The fdllo wing" name<^ have been detailed
as scorekeepers: ' . ' *"'¦';•: ' '¦ .¦
Promotions 7 1 and; Appoint
ments in First Infantry; '
' '; \ : Regiment
to Compete for State
• Medals.;/ x
Those Who Are Entitled
First of a Fleet of River Steamers Which ' Wffl Carry Grain From
Upper bacramento to Tidewater Almost Completed.
TARGET SHOOTS
FOR GUARDSMEN
FARMERS IN COLUSA ARE READY
TO FIGHT THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
THE SAN FRAlSrOISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
Branch Hydrographlc ¦ Office. - U. S. • N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
AugrUBt 17, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new. Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
U - e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. - " >. ¦ • .
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander*; U. S. N. f in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column and the ¦ successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
, - SACRAMENTO,' f Aug^lL^Alf red John
son,^ the : little; son ,6fj Andrew, Johnson, a
teamster,*, was"' accidentally,' killed"at * Ante
lope last ¦ night: -; The- child < had ; attempted
to climb upon a.- wagon loaded \ with grain
and slipped and fell under the wheels. •
Child's '".Life Crushed Out!
First Asslstanr Engineer R. J. McCabe
r>t the transport Sherman has sailed for
Seattle to become chief of the transport
Reward. Everybody on the front will be
p!ad to hear of "Mac's" promotion. Mr.
McCabe is a native son and learned his
*r.gineering Jn the ehops of San Francisco.
He was water tender on the Bio when
Captain Matthews, supervising engineer of
the transport service, was chief engineer.
Has Been Promoted.
Robertson is having trouble with his
rafts agrain. Every year he attempts to
tow two or more to this port and once In
a while succeeds. Almost every beach
from San Diego to Flattery has received
a consignment from his ventures, but
nex-ertheless his backers assert that the
mail proportions that finally reached San
Francisco more than paid expenses. This
vear Mr. Robertson built his venture at
Vrestport. and the local paper has this to
say about It:
"The big log raft built by the Robert
eon Company at Wcstport is aground on
the bar between the slough and the river
channel. The departure of the raft for
Ban Francisco has been Indefinitely de
layed by the accident, and it is probable
that considerable dredging will be neces
sary to float it. The two towing tugs
•were unable to get the raft off and as the
river is falline the situation will be se
rious."
Log Eaft in Trouble.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 17.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 14 hours from
Mendcclno.
U S stmr Hugh McCulloch, Coulson, from
Santa Cruz.
Ship- Santa. Clara, Lrindberr, 18 days from
Karlufc-. - - '. • -.
Br ehlD Olivebank, Toung. 73 days from
Iquique. .
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Lewis, 61 days from
Valparaiso. |
Bark Edward May, Hansen, 25 days from
Honolulu. ' .
Bktn Benicla, Bowes, 20 days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Saturday, Aujust 17.
Btmr "Walla TVa.Ha, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports: Ooodall, Perkins & Co.'
Etmr San JIateo, Fletcher, Kanalmo; P I Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen,.- Ladysmith; R
Dun^muir'B Sons Co.
Br stmr Peru, Newton, Valparaiso; Balfour,
Outhrie & Co.
Bark Olymoic, Gibbs. Honolulu: Williams,
Dlicond & Co.
Schr S T Alexander, Jacobsen, Kahulul;
Alexander & Baldwin.
ea'iled.
Saturday, Aurust 17. '
Stzsr Enterprise, Miller, Panama.
Etmr Colon, Macklnnon. Port Los Angeles.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Nor etmr Tellus, Pederson. Oyster Harbor.
Br etmr Peru, Newton. Valparaiso. - -
Schr S T Alexander. Jacobsen, Kahulul.
SPOKEN.
Per pilot boat America— Aug 16, 9 pm, Btmr
Mlneola, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanaim8.'
July 27, lat 12 N. Ion 27 W— Fr.bark General
Melllnet. from Hamburg, for Oregon.-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aus 17, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity IS miles per hour. \
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Bruns
wick," for Eureka; stmr Newburt, for Grays
Harbor. *•¦*.-""•
Arrived Au» 17— Schrs Alcalde and Ida ; Mc-
Kay, from Eureka: schr Lucy, from Umpqua.
Sailed Aug 17— Schr Wawona, for Port Town-
POINT LOBOS— Passed Auk 17— Nor stmr
Horda. from Guayaquil, for British Columbia.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Aug 17— Schr E
K. W<Jbd. from Haiphong, for Seattle; schr
' Gamble, for Taku. . • .
Passed in Aug 17 — Stmr City of Topeka. from
Skaguay. • - ¦ ¦ ¦. -
SEATTLE— Bailed Aup 17— Stmr Mexico, for
Vancouver; stmr Dolphin, for Ekaguay.
Arrived Aus 17— Stmr City of Seattle, . from
Skacruay.
Sailed Auc 17— Stmr Al-KI. for Skngnay.
i GRATS HARBOR— To sail Auff 17— Schr H
D Bendlxsen, for San Pedro. ,
Arrived Aue 17— Stmr Grace Dollar, from
San Pedro. •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr
Brunswick, from San Pedro, and . sailed for
Eureka. •
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Au» 17— Ship Bal
clutha. from Melbourne. - .
EUREKA— Sailed Ausr • 17— Br bark ."Woolla
hara, - for . Honolulu; Btmr Pomona, for. San
NEAH BAT— Passed out Au« 17— Schr Al
vena, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS. _ .
HONOLULU — Sailed Aug 7 — Ship Fort
George, for Pnget Sound; bark Oregon, for
Pugret Sound; ship Servla, for Puget- Sound;
Bchr Oceania Vance, for Pueet Bound.
Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Sierra, hence Aug L
FOREIGN PORTS.
BRISBANE — Sailed Aug . 16— Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 6— U S Btmr Hancock,
for San Francisco. •
¦ FLEETWOOD- Arrived Aug. 16— Fr bark Cap
Horn, hence April 3. - •
BEACHY HKAD-j-Paeeed Aug- 16— Br ship
Aloinoiis, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Zilla, for .
• AUCKLAND— Sailed Aug 17. at 2 p m— Stmr
Ventura, for San Francisco- ' " ¦¦? ¦- . ,
MALTA— Passed Aug 17— Br stmr Ping Suey,
from Settle, for London. .
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aus 15-=Stmr San; Jose,
for San Francisco. '•'¦'- :\ '
OCEAN V
HAVRE— Sailed Aug • 17— Stmr ' L' Aquitalne,
for New Tork. • ' • • ¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 17— Etmr . Etrurla,
for New York. r;" ' -;•*,
Balled Aug 17— Btmr Ottoman.' for ' Portland.
Me; stmr Halifax, for Philadelphia.'. "-.¦-¦. _
ANTWERP-^alled Aug 17— Stmr Southwark,
for 'New Tork. . "-« jc -
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug. 17— Stmr Bar-
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
. President James P. Dockery presided
last night at the meeting of the joint com
mittee of the Native Sons' Ninth of Sep
tember celebration in San Jose.; .
J. J. Greeley of El Dorado Parlor an
nounced that his parlor< had decided to
abandon its Idea of having an individual
celebration, and asked to. be allowed to
take part in the San Jose celebration. The
request was granted and the parlor's del
egates were seated. ....
The Veteran Volunteers' Association de
clined the invitation to participate in the
celebration on account of previous engage
ment to participate. --
The. San Jose team of Native Sons base
ball players sent "a request '.that some-of
the San Francisco parlors send a team to
engage in a game during one of the days
of the celebration. V. "V. -
Oro Flno, Orinda and Sans Souci parlors
of the. Native Daughters of the Golden
West announced that many of their mem
bers will take part in the celebration;
La Vespera Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters announced that the members'/will at
tend as a -parlor and will have an attrac
tive float. ¦ • -'• • :'?5
• Harry I. \ Mulcreevy,, on behalf of -the
parade 'committee, reported' that .there
will be a parade. of all the. local' parlors In
this city on- the evening previous to the
San Jose celebration. , ; ¦ ~ '
It was announced that Companies C, F
and I of the First : Infantry, had expressed
a 1 d.esire to: take part "in the festivities. ,
i Chairman -Keenan, of ¦ the transportation
committee. announced that the" tickets for
San Jose will. be' ready for distribution on:
Saturday next. ..j"; .;-'". '.::. . ¦• .
The music .'committee '¦ was instructed to
employ onlj? union- music. . '¦'- ' Y/ .^¦'- ¦¦
! .E. A. Brackett reported 1 that .the. Native
Daughter parlors :of Alaineda wiliVltake
part in the'"celebration, very muchj &s the'
San Francisco Native Daughter " parlors
will.-. ¦--'"'¦%. ':- : ¦- .". v ' V :'¦
Upon recommendation of the parade
committee a sum was set aside for a dis
play of fireworks on the evening of the
departure from : this city. .
•It was announced that La Estrella Par
lor of the- Native Daughters will have a
drill corps of twenty-four members in new,
uniforms, and that Las Lomas Parlor of.
AMEBICAISTS AT ODDS
rt OVER THE FEANCHISES
Deadlock Between Companies in Iion
~ don Caused "by Efforts to Obtain
Control. .
.LONDON. Aug. 17.— While Charles T.
Terkes has j gone | to Budapest' to investi
gatethe Ganz electrical system on behalf
of the District Railroad, George Westing
house,' who sails for New York to-day on
the steamship St. "Paul, goes home partly
in. the interest of American capital in the
Metropolitan :- Underground -Railroad. '
;The deadlock between these companies
appears not to • have been due to differ
ences-between Yerkes and >the : English
owners of the ; Metropolitan" Railroad, but
the contestls between the two Americans
for. the control \ of either or: both of the
roads.'/ .Westinghouse, . though not, known
here as a "large 'Stockholder of the Metro
politan Railroad, has the -confidence . of
the managers, and suggested schemes for
the electrification and enlargement of the
road that* took hold. of their imagination
as far more splendid than' that proposed
by Yerkes. The shrinking in British rail
road" dividends, i consequent upon . the
steady.:' and - uncheckable depreciation of
shares, is discussed by Robert P.' Porter
in a 'letter to; the /Times from the stand
point of electrical railroads,-". which already
cause reduced* 1 profits. Porter finds' that
the only salvation is In electricity. '
Chairman Gallagher of the advertising
committee reported that arrangements
have .been made to distribute quarter
<fards, put up posters, distribute bills in
the cars and advertise in the papers to
draw ¦ attention to the celebration. The
committee will meet again next Saturday.
in the* reading-room in the Native Sons'
building on Thursday next to Issue tickets
to such parlors as may desire them at
that time.
the Native . Daughters will parade . with
Hesperian Parlor of the Native Sons. '
A motion to allow the members of mili
tary companies a reduced rate provided
they attend the celebration in uniform
and take part in the parade in this city
and the one In San Jose was lost.
Pacific Parlor has also resolved to aban
don its individual celebration and go to
San Jose. ".
The treasurer announced that he will be
NATIVE SONS' JOINT COMMITTEE
DISCUSSES CELEBRATION AFFAIRS
A. Rlnbaeh. C. Rlinbach, R. J. Orte. Mrs.
H J. Orte, Lais Ortma. J. P. Francoeur, Mr.
RetstofT, i'rs. RetEtoff. Miss Marion Tan
ford. Mr. Hallock. Mrs. Hallock. Emil John
eon. Miss M. Inez Thomson. Miss Pauline
Heathe. George Larrain, E. R. Cuthbert, Mrs.
Theo StPinhoIz and sen-ant, C. R. Linea. J.
P. Sullivan. Rafael Castro, D. Llnderman,
J. W. "Winston. Fernando Matta, F. Booth,
J E. Lacy. Mrs* A. Brooke. Mis* Brooke. Al
fredo Field, lirs. Alfredo Field, Clarence Lan
igan, Paul Seymour, Jonathan Cathcart.
South American Steamship Takes
Away a Good List of Passengers.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
rar.y's Peru sailed for Mexican and Cen
tral* and South American ports yesterday*
Owing to the strike she was somewhat
delayed, but nevertheless succeeded in
taking away all the freight offered. She
is well loaded and has enough coal aboard
to carry her to Valparaiso. Her cabin
passengers are:
DEPABTTJEE OF THE PEBTJ.
The steamer Peru cleared yesterday for Val
paraiso and tray ports with . a general cargo
valued at $19,648, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, J3771; Central America.
112,493; South America, $3234; Ireland, $150. The
principal exports were as follows;
To Mexico— Six pkgs assaying material, 3 cs
arms and ammunition. 14 bales bags, 36 bbls
cement. 2 cs canned goods. 556 ctls corn, 10 coils
cordage, 4ft pkgrs fruit and vegetables 65 pkprs
groceries and provisions, 10 bbls ginger ale, 31
cs hardware. S266 feet lumber, 11 pkgs paints
and oils, 26 cr potatoes, 29 bdls pipe, 747 lbs
Eago, 45 gals 3 C3 whisky. 12 cs 269 gals wine.
To Central America— DO bbls cement, 3626 bbls
Hour, 6 pkgs groceries and provisions 5 cs
oils, 66 cr potatoes and onions.
To South America— 1120 ctls wheat, 4527 rail
road ties. 70 cs salmon, 20 cs canned* goods, 75
bbls flour, 20 cs whisky. 5 cs stationery.
To Belfast, Ireland — 95 gals whisky.
Th.e Peru's Cargo.
The Falls of Clyde will load merchandisa
here for Hilo, the Tropic Bird merchandise for
Tahiti, the R. C. Blade lumber at Grass Har
bor lor Honolulu, th« Santa Rosa luiSber at
Blakeley for Payta Cowner's account), tUe Sus
sex wheat at Portland for Europe. 40s 6d. prior
to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The bark Edward May arrived from
Honolulu yesterday. She will go to the
sugar, refinery and await her turn to un
load.
The Santa Clara, the first of the salmon
fleet, arrived from Bristol Bay yesterday.
The rest of the vessels may now be
looked for daily.
The British ship Olivebank arrived from
Iquique yesterday In ballast. She comes
here under charter to load wheat for
Europe.
The bark Olympic is loading horses and
mules for Honolulu, and tne bark Santi
ago is loaded for Hilo. Both vessels will
probably get away to-day.
The steamer Enterprise sailed for Pan
ama yesterday. She took away 423 barrels
of asphaltum and 64,416 centals of barley
for transshipment to New Tork.
The Pacific Mail Company's Colon sailed
for Port Los Angeles yesterday. She will
take a consignment of, Porto Ricans to
the sugar plantations.
Water Front Notes.
The revenue cutter McCulloch returned
from a cruise in the Santa Barbara Chan
nel yesterday. The officers laugh at the
story of chasing smugglers and other
breakers of the law. The cutter went
south to assist in a surveying expedition
and started for home just as soon as the
work was done.
Beveim© Cutter HcCulloch Back.
end has worked his way to the front" on
ills merita. Rumor has it that on his re
turn from the north Chief McCabe will
lead a Hayes Valley belle to the altar.
Since then Hatch Bros., who ran the
General Frisbie and the Monticello be-
Tvreen here and Vallejo, have been drawn
irto the fight, and three steamers similar
to the Vallette are to be built at once and
vr.ll therefore be ready for next year's
:race.i The new steamers are not intend
ed to c&rry passengers, but are specially
designed to carry large loads of grain on
a light draught. "With them the farmers
»xpect to get their wheat to market for
D a ten and at the same time receive a
dividend each year from their investment
:r. the steamers. The Vallette will have
her trial trip during the week-
For many years the farmers around Co
lusa have protested at the rates
charged by the railroad for trans
porting grain from the valley of the Sac
rcrnento to tide water. A few months ago
B delegation from the Farmers' Associa
tion called upon the management of the
rai'.road and received a most decided re
tuff. Then aa indignation meeting was
held at Colusa and the Farmers' Trans
portation Company was formed. An or
cer for a steamer was at once placed and
the Vallette is now almost ready for the
run.
¦whether or not & cut In railroad
rates on grain will result. The stern
*rheel eteamer Vallett© being built for
the Fanners' Transportation Company is
row so near to completion that her own
ers exp«ct to put her In commission this
veek. She is Intended for the Ban Fran
cisco and Colusa grain trade and. Is 1TC
feet Ions:, SS feet beam and 9 feet deep.
She will carry 7000 eacks ol grain on a 3
foot 10 Inch draft, and will therefore be
able to navigate the upper Sacramento at
any time of the year. The Vallette came
down from Benida yesterday and docked
at Mission-street wharf. She is now re
ceiving her finishing touches and will
Ftaxt on her maiden run about Saturday
r.ext. • ¦
farmer* cf the opper Baer*-
I meat© hav» thrown down the
< I r*nntlet to th% Bouthern Padflc,
JJL enfl It now remains to be seen
m£S fr ° m Kew Tork and pro
to? H #ew B S?" Saned Au «f "-Stmr St Paul,
i£?v? YORK-Salled Aug 17-Stmr Pretoria.
poilT^' 6 ' 1 AUK 17 ~ stmr GeorKlan, from Uver-
TO ARRIVE.'
Steamer Movements.
mLi PROBABLY GO INTO COMMISSION THIS WEEK. VERl SHE
21
learner.
From.
Due.
San Juan Panama & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt ........
Umatllla Puget Sound Port's'.'.'."
Matteawan Tacoma. ..
<* aeU _ c China and Japan.'.''."'"!
Eureka Humboldt ....... '
Leelanaw n. -T. via Panama.'.'.':
Neko Tacoma ; -.. •
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts'
Pomona Humboldt .
\\ashtenaw.... Tacoma
Titanla Nanaimo :
Mandalay Coquillo River \Y.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound" Ports....
wimJ^V"" ! ral P arats ° & Way Pts
Wallah alia... Puget Sound Ports...
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.
° t- P , aul Nome & St. Michael...
Kureka Humboldt
Hongkong Mar China and Japan.... '
Curacao Mexican Ports ...
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
Aug. 20
Aug. 21
Aug. 21
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
AUg. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 2»
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 23
Aug. 25
Aug. 27
Aug. 27
iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
_, . August 18.
Empire Coos Bay ....
™ ni J? ls ™" s - Am erica, Europe
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa... San Diego 4
. •¦• ¦ x Anenst 19.'"-
Arcata.. ....... Coos Bay
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Acapulco...... Panama & Way Pts
. August 20.
Pomona Humboiat
Bonlta San Pedro & Way..
Argyll X. T. via Panama.
- Anemt SI.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
San Pedro.... Humboldt
City Peking.. China & Japan....
" . Anicnat 22.
Eureka Humboldt
Sonoma .Sydney & Way Pts
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
_,. _ t Angrnst 24.
CItyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
_ ' Aaenxt 2S.
Santa Rosa.. San Diepo & "Way
Pomona Humboldt
4 pm Pier 1
Stre'n
H am Pier
9 am Plerl
12 m Pier 1
2 pm Pier
12 m PMSS
1:30 p Pier
9 am Pier 1
2 pm Pier -
Pier
10 am Pier
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 1
10 am Pier
11 am Pier
11 am Pier
9 am Pier 1
1:30 p Pier
teamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.,
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. n
Cbas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen Skagucy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way. Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller....... Aug. 24
HumboWt. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. -24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pta Aug. 23
Portland Nome and St. Mlcnael. Aug. 26
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon' sets !
8:5s"f
..6:27
..7:00
.. m.
. Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L. W
iTTT. 1:54 ~7I 7:38
19 ...1 2:491 4.3 8:15
20 ... S:60f 4.0 8:54
21 ... 5:00 3.8 9:38
22 ... 6:14 3.8 10:31
|Li W II W
23 ... 0:19 0.9 7:26
24 ... 1:12 0.6 8:24
Tims
Ft. Ft.
. H W
1.4 2:27 6.2
1.8 3:02 6.2
2.2 3:37 5.1
2.5 4:18 5.1
2.9 6:02 5.1
L W .
3.8 11:40 3.1
4.1 12:46 3.2
Time
L w
8:29
9:20
10:19
11:20
Ft.
1.5
1.4
£ 1.8
1.2
IH W
I 5:57
I 6:51
.....
6.1
5.2
learner.
From.
Due.
San Juan Panama & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt ........
Umatllla Puget Sound Port's'.'.'."
Matteawan Tacoma. ..
<* aeU _ c China and Japan.'.''."'"!
Eureka Humboldt ....... '
Leelanaw n. -T. via Panama.'.'.':
Neko Tacoma ; -.. •
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts'
Pomona Humboldt .
\\ashtenaw.... Tacoma
Titanla Nanaimo :
Mandalay Coquillo River \Y.
City of Puebla. Puget Sound" Ports....
wimJ^V"" ! ral P arats ° & Way Pts
Wallah alia... Puget Sound Ports...
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.
° t- P , aul Nome & St. Michael...
Kureka Humboldt
Hongkong Mar China and Japan.... '
Curacao Mexican Ports ...
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
Aug. 20
Aug. 21
Aug. 21
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
AUg. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 2»
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 23
Aug. 25
Aug. 27
Aug. 27
iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
_, . August 18.
Empire Coos Bay ....
™ ni J? ls ™" s - Am erica, Europe
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa... San Diego 4
. •¦• ¦ x Anenst 19.'"-
Arcata.. ....... Coos Bay
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Acapulco...... Panama & Way Pts
. August 20.
Pomona Humboiat
Bonlta San Pedro & Way..
Argyll X. T. via Panama.
- Anemt SI.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
San Pedro.... Humboldt
City Peking.. China & Japan....
" . Anicnat 22.
Eureka Humboldt
Sonoma .Sydney & Way Pts
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
_,. _ t Angrnst 24.
CItyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
_ ' Aaenxt 2S.
Santa Rosa.. San Diepo & "Way
Pomona Humboldt
4 pm Pier 1
Stre'n
H am Pier
9 am Plerl
12 m Pier 1
2 pm Pier
12 m PMSS
1:30 p Pier
9 am Pier 1
2 pm Pier -
Pier
10 am Pier
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 1
10 am Pier
11 am Pier
11 am Pier
9 am Pier 1
1:30 p Pier
teamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.,
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. n
Cbas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen Skagucy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way. Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller....... Aug. 24
HumboWt. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. -24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pta Aug. 23
Portland Nome and St. Mlcnael. Aug. 26
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon' sets !
8:5s"f
..6:27
..7:00
.. m.
. Time Time
Date Ft.
H W L. W
iTTT. 1:54 ~7I 7:38
19 ...1 2:491 4.3 8:15
20 ... S:60f 4.0 8:54
21 ... 5:00 3.8 9:38
22 ... 6:14 3.8 10:31
|Li W II W
23 ... 0:19 0.9 7:26
24 ... 1:12 0.6 8:24
Tims
Ft. Ft.
. H W
1.4 2:27 6.2
1.8 3:02 6.2
2.2 3:37 5.1
2.5 4:18 5.1
2.9 6:02 5.1
L W .
3.8 11:40 3.1
4.1 12:46 3.2
Time
L w
8:29
9:20
10:19
11:20
Ft.
1.5
1.4
£ 1.8
1.2
IH W
I 5:57
I 6:51
.....
6.1
5.2
GKAPE-ITDTS.
I Famous
I Around the
j Camp-Fire.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Ready Cooked.
Delicious and Nourishing.
< .^^, '.
FOR CAMPIN6.
People going into camp should not
t oreet to take along a goodly supply of
Grape-Nuts, the ready-cooked food.
This can be eaten dry and does not re-
quire any preparation by the cook, or the
food can be made Into a variety of de-
lightful dishes, such as puddings, etc.
One of the favorite methods by old
timers is to drop three or four heaping
teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts Into a cap of
coffee. The Grape-ICuts add a peculiar
and delicious flavor to the coffee and give
one a more piquant article of food than
«ven the famous doughnuts and coffee of
old New England. . \
People who cannot digest coffee should
not forget that Postum Food Coffee, if
properly made, furnishes a very delicious
beverage, either hot or cold, closely, ap-
proaching the flavor of the mild and de-
licious trades of Java.
, Scrofula is an unwelcome legacy, but one which .
the' children of blood poisoned parentage must J^£^m < 2/'
accept, with all its humiliating consequences, it is lrffi$}§¥ <=^|2 :^%§*>
an inheritance that tnakes one poorer; that brings / E&lfnr^T*'«?^S^t-^" '
wretchedness and disease instead -of health ar«d fjwr//^§\ "* : Cs! Jh\
riches, for the child whose ancestral blood is tainted mMM )j* ''.%.. s , •> /^^
with Scrofula or the loathsome virus of Contagious ; lap^^-^jk.^ /(flrSimi
Blood Poison is unfitted for the arduous dutiesof .fifef. < M^fl\} /B
life so long as any of the transmitted poison remains . , \ ,"'¦•- . v^
in its veins. Scrofula manifests itself in various forms; swollen glands about tne
: neck and throat, catarrh of the head, weak eyes, hip bone disease, white swelling
and offensive sores and abscesses are familiar symptoms, attended usually with. '
loss of strength, poor digestion and pale or bloodless complexion: The skin is
sometimes most dreadfully affected, eruptions breaking out on all parts of .the body. ,
¦ Scrofula destroys bone, tissue and flesh; no part of the human system escapes its ;
' • ' . V . - * withering, benumbing touch.'
*x W^S n ?J n fu ee ? yea ? o l d ' SiJ • a «, ou tf n^I e n« parents whose blood is pois.;
:&^^A 1 S^t^&^?^S^ onedby theirownmisdefds,
the places wera lanced and became open ninninp or who themselves may be
sores; rising's came under my left arm, and tho suffering for the sins of some
discharge was simply awful. The doctors said I remote ancestor,- ' must re-
had tho worst ¦ case of Scrofula they : had ever s t ore their own blood' to its
relief. When the physicians advised me to have or they -.cannotv expect
the elands removed, I decided to try S. S. S. A healthy, ; r<*ust children.
few bottles cured ma completely ; , no sierns of S. S. S. cures Scrofula, like
the terrible disease are left. • "¦ -¦¦¦'. ;-. : ". '-;-¦¦¦ other ! diseases of a deep-
MBa. EIOHAED WASSON, Beated.constitutional charac-
. Goldea Corners, Ohio. iter^by ; restoring .life and %
-rpiirity to the profoundly poisoned blood, and the rich,' strong blood that is carried :
to the swollen and diseased glands absorbs and destroys the tuberculous deposits,
and the painful, 'disfiguring sores and other evidences of Scrofula disappear. . ' ; A
S. S. S. should be begun immediateljr upon the appearance of the first symp- ;
j torns; br where there is a known predisposition to Scrofula. -:¦ Our. medical depart-
; ment will be found of great help to : those who are struggling with this wasting
disease of heredity or • any other . blood trouble j\ and we invite - you to ! write us.
'¦ Should yon or any member of your family need advice,- ourphysicians will cheer- ,
fully give the -information ') you desuei'for.-which. we make no^ charge. V . Book 00
Blood and Skin Diseases free. '"^^'•¦~:- : - :/:•¦'.'- ~ : ' ':/','¦'"'¦ ¦¦.'- <-\- • ¦
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COiVlPANY, ATUANTA. XIA
....... • -: ~.'lr ¦ ; ¦ ¦
1 0-is^rf@iFS of 'M@ifii \
I^S- TAUCQTT . " ; j
| \ ¦ ¦ -.'Correct IDIageosSs . \
5 Followed by Correct Treatment |
& • ; - '¦'¦¦ r " "'¦'¦':. ' '':. ;¦ ' : ' ." ' £
B- \ ' r , .. . I .. . -. .• / •; - ¦
l|i|l 111 "We^kn^s." ' I
§ There Is no such condition as weakness In a man under fifty years of &£•, j~
' other than general debility. In a stomach damaged by an nicer or lnflamma- g|
j tlon, symptoms of dlsofaered function' arise. - Prematureness. loss of vitality g
5 and the disorders known as "weakness", are but symptoms of some damage to g
S the reproductive system, caused by a contracted disorder or early dlsaipa- ff
m ' tion.. In looking- for. the location of this damage we generally find an en-'-S
m larged, swollen and Inflaramed prostate gland. As this gland is the very cen- j
ra ter of the reproductive system, it ;can readily be. understood. that inflamma- 5
n tion of it must cause disordered function. These cases axe promptly benefited i
jg .by proper treatment, otherwise the patient roes frona bad to. worse. The es- m
| ¦ sential point In all of them." is tha necessity of the cur© of the focos of the ' |
EJ trouble, in the prostate. -Many men have unsuccessfully treated' for a weak- g
H ness which never existed, when If .the damaged tract, had been repaired a g
H -cure would have been the result. In our experience "there ls'no drug: In the j§
B9 Pharmacopeia, taken into the stomach, that will even benefit this class of |g
B cases. Our plan of treatment 13 entirely a local one and prompt results art |
¦ obtained, as indicated by increased circulation and return of natural vigor. |
| Varicoceler ¦
B . ¦ Varicocele is an enlargement o£ the most vital blood . vessels In man. . la l B
IB their, normal condition; their function is to carry off waste material, thua ¦.
¦ enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. - Owing to the breaking down <¦
H of the valves, caused by the paralysis of. the muscnlar coat of the veins, they ¦
B become dilated and local stagnatioa- of the blood follows. * The vital orfcrans, B
H \\ belnk deprived of their proper quality and quantity of nourishment, impaired B
2' function Is the result. Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the male population ¦
j" are afflicted with varicocele in some stage of the disease. "We guarantee to cure ¦
™j varicocele in-one .week at our ofBce, or four weeks of home treatment; with-/ R
S " out;thV- use --of. knife,- caustic 'or llrature. We have cured over 3000 cases with- , ¦
».out,a slnerle failure or unpleasant 'result. We invite correspondence and the B
Hi fullest .Investigation of our and can refer to cured patients If da-' B
B : -ilred.-r-' ; 7 ---¦ ./<¦¦- f r '."¦¦¦¦;- g
0 ;'.-' Colored' chart of the organs sent on application. '¦ m :'-i t - m
H« v; Address F. L.tTALCOTT. M. D., or DR. TALCOTT & CO., g
g V^^^iYl^I^K Entire Upper Floorv ¦
h Portraiid branch, 250Y Aider St., Corner Third. "" . s»» Fr«cuco. {
QJaBBBIBHBBBBaflEiaBlBHBHBBBBBBBBflflBaiBBIBIflflaS-
JOE^SOSENBEBQ'S. | ¦ ¦ JOE BQSENBEBG'S. ' [ • *JOE BOSENBERG'S. :
\~Jfrkmte$$ ANYTHING I
I mUgW Y ou e ver heard of ! - j
m ¦ /M B&g!^ ¦ rtpgaij^SB^^ -. Some of the largest manufacturers P
9 ' (H ffi^v > »<^MHB|B^gg^^ v .'' •' of the TJnite'd States have sent us 'J&'A ' H
B vH Sfi^^l samples of their ladies' knitted vox- ¥%{ B
I fflWMEfr^^^ derwear for us to make our selections j_ " 1 «
IS ¦ ¦ ' for next summer. Of course samples ft J^ S
¦ i ' J^^BwIiin^^ydMl!^^^^^^^ are made better than regular goods. tt0^*0PT\ B
h ' SMi^^^^wE^ffi^^^»^SS^^^^^\ You know tlle reason r We n ave in -rf$3^ s /'j / . n
n )Mf^jjl^^B^Epi^^^^^^^^^^^PBHw\ cpected them and made out our order. j^pp^TfJ ¦'¦¦
¦ '^^^9^BS^^mS^S^^^^y:^M^^P^\ They'd rather have us sell them at/ |H "V H
S JjBJ^BSBmnPi^T^HnMBlmfflBffiaS/ 5Oc on the cIollar than have to pay! // ,-- \ B
1 /l^trt^^S^^i^^*^?^^^^TTr' ' ' freight and return them to them. They consist of , g
Q '"-/H^HBmHBH^^ffl^^^^3^^7 vests, combination suits and pants, and are made H
: I , ¦ W/I^KMBBBmKmB^B/- • of the best yarns ' silk aad cotton - There are 60 ° 1
m /i^^^m^^^^^^^^^^^M^^ garments, no two alike. Here are a few examples H
|j /M^^^^^^^M^^)^^^^^^^^ • BABIES' VESTS, made of extra fine Egyptian cotton, »
M Swiss ribbed, low neck, no sleeves, neck and arms finished with R
a ¦ edge, run through with a tape. Our sample price 8c. H
•1 * NEXT— Ladies' Combination Suits, made of extra fine English |
n \H l^^>v Thread, Swiss ribbed,' high neck, long sleeves, ankle length, soft;, pliable, £|
P viral Ll^^^fe^ full finished. If they were not samples you'd pay $1.CO. Our -way of ]8
H " "ffiffib. LADIES' DBA WESS, made of extra fine lisle, Swiss ribbed, anklo H
El . length, French bands, good fitting. An opportuiiity tobuy at half price, 19c S
I MONEY-SAVING WOMEN, READ THIS. jffflgg^Jh™ LADIES- REMARK: !- V- ¦ 1
¦ t,^S IES ', ATION f9? K ? T ; can depend upon it that %*J& ¦ -"/ know MOW where I can get the bes g
H BOOK and PURSE, made of the best Jt is strictly up-to-date. i^T . fitting and wearinn alow* ihnt i* marie ' K
H seal and grain leather; all colors, in- Th i s time it is the new % ?¦ ¦ »mng ana wearing glare that is made. , K
B eluding black; well sewed, because tv/entleth century" cor- ) ' \l' . LADIES' GLOVES, made of the best |,
fl they are made that way; sterling sil- se t f made of the best ,^/^<j?\ craven skin pique sewed, one clasp, &
g ver corners; patent steel frame, the - f as t black Italian cloth j£&^ft& \ Paris point stitched back, fac-simile p.
B kind that you cannot lose money out double side steels, rust /TfTWaPK \ to the Dent Blove, but not in price— -' b
¦ of. Don't overlook this./... ...... ..50c proof front steel, biasl'VUpr/ ; ' colors tan, brown and red. Our way . k
H - ' ¦ cut, hand gored, newUsir I I J ot selling the best glove that Is made ¦ r
B ONCE MORE, LADIES. sl °p in s bust. new^L-^-yX -si.oo. I
B uf a^nll vn ,,r ntivntinn * n nnn ll^rlr^nr str ?; igh i front shape, \>V^\ SILK GLOVES— Just the article for ' t
¦J . « e call your attention to pur necKwear .embroidery or lace top . \x$^ \ summer weather. It will keep the': F-'
m **r- '^fB 17^^ Department. an<^ bottom, hos§ sup- w^ hand cool and free from perspiration — '.-. I?
¦ . E^^Si^i -rl i ., ¦ . ,. porter attachments, .in- Y 1 made of best silk Taffeta, patent two"; g
'¦•¦ "^W/J " It I s , a j ana . colla r ¦ eluding a five-yard long, /. / clasps, stitched back. Perfect fitting, '. U.
3 C 2 mb . t ' m i m °£ extra heavy mohair . /// / well sewed.. Fast colors. Including fi-'
I th^.* be ! t ' < ? u * % W S a -lac*. Come in -and in- f//Jt black. Prices that will surprlse-a.^c. )
B ' white taffeta, finished spect them and see if I /¦"'*'' . . -.^ .-„ . . *" . —»»-•_ ;
a ¦ /fiwk .with a colored border they are not a wonder at S1.5O ¦•'."> •' UnTUCD'C ITQIClin -- »
S A-bW Persian silk edge— at v - - . iflUlnUn 0 liiltnUi :f
M / V:\ Rosenberg's, of course, . / CTOUT PFQ PIE MADE THIN ¦ CHILDREN'S FERRIS • ;
M / il" \\ for such' low price as v OlilUT rLUTLt IHHUt inifl "WAISTS, made in drab JF*.
M ' A Ml' \ this ...; ...50c By wearing the world renowned and whlte sat een. wash- &*% '.. \
M i Ilk -V LADIES' RUFFS, MAJESTIC or LA GRECQTJE COR- able buttons fastened on &?$>
m I'-' Ii\ ft made of the best SETS. They are made of the best with patent tapes, cannot ytf^Si :
M ' t W \ II black liberty silk, full quality fast black French-Itallari be torn off . the most per . yij\\ fflX--
m \\ Jr \~*ff plaited ends. , Special- cloth, boned throughout with the best fect fitting and comfort- 4 hVW « I -\ "'- "iPi
H IK *4 ty Price..: 08c tempered steel. Just Jhe corset for ab i e waist that 13 made, all W»W.; ¦¦'¦iS;
B ' " stout figures, as It holds the abdomen s i zes; our way o f selling V ~ ,p V< K
" B nun itpii pnnn nun niiini/rnnuiCC In place and gives the beautiful rpuna .;...........;....;....;.., 25c K
¦ ONE ITEM FROM OUR HANDKERCHIEF effect to the waist and hi P s.- if you '••;•",. „„„„. __ ; fe
I DEPARTMENT, IIck-^ 1
1 AND A GOOD ONE, TOO. ' onrc^V«"FItted Free. INGS, made of extra fine and strong , V
¦ T .r,!^. t, ft T,. A q T ttnen hand ' •. Corsets Fitted l-ree- Egyptian cotton-double heel, toes and B
I . A PRIZEWINNER. ; :-?^WS^'» S.TSJS&S3& ¦ I
¦ nunneries. If we did not buy them ( /X\ made of black and A$k to see those Fast Black Laaies f»
¦ that way we would be unable to Ite « s - r L p ®, ne ffC Lace Effect Hose for 25 c. K
B them for this price— 12%c .' = ' ZffWi sllk - finished with Lace cuccl ""*" '" E
j| -'"->" /ffilmn to\ a twelve-incn ac- nnncPTP nnDCCTP m
m DIDRnilC RIRRHMQ >// //"<\\ cordlon plaited bUnotlo. tiUHotlO. fj
g| niDOUnOi niDDUitOi /Zjfrpd' «J$b\ flounce, edged with ,__,„ ¦ BrfTf a'T* mrft\fra«!f>v Mnv H
I Just recelved/500 pieces All-silk Taf- Q^ftS^y a black sateen r^J^TUESDAY^foRNING ?£. I
¦ feta Ribbon, the good luster kind, the ruche, all lengihs, c e le r of our aw CORSETS fw &
¦ kind that will wash; colors cream, /~rT ' ful1 width = a n " 39c. it ll the^ew Millt2rFstr|i|ht B
B white, pink, blue,. red, etc.— ner for the price.. »*>c j^ont corset made of extra strong, ij
9 , . "Width No. 7'. G^c SOME MORE. . fast colored sateen, double side steel, a
m Width No. 16 lOc LADIES' SKIRTS, made of Import- rust proof front steels, trimmed-with 3
B Width No. 40.... 15e . ' ed English fast black sateen, finished lace top and bottom, low : bust, • Ions ; B
B Width: No. 80. ;..20c with a wide ruffle corded and fluted, over the hip and abdomen, colors pink, . B
fl . ¦"¦ . . also dust ruffle; %\ 50 is what some of blue and : white. We challenge yon to gj
H ¦ COMBS. - our competitors ask; a bargain in match them for three times the price j»
f ¦ - s . . -, " ' . ' every sense of the word 98c we ask;.......' :...... »$9e ¦
B • A useful article, but a good one. . . . .. ¦-.-»-.- -H
I Dressing Comb made^ of :extra fine IftP DflOCM DT DO 816 MARKET STREET I
B srutta percha rubber; highly poho.ied. 9 1 1 Sa W I § \ §¦ IM K fai M I ". mA _,_ „ H
1 fine an! coarse teeth, jhe y kind J jj L ll Uu L II 0 L II U Running through to 1 1 O'Farr ell I
» drug I store C p rice 50cf. Our price. 1 ".. l1)c" Mail Orders Solicited- PHELAN BUILDING. j£. -Verus- cures piles or' $50 ; reward. All up-,
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. •
;The attorneys for the Fair heirs filed
their briefs bearing on Mrs. Craven's ap
peal ; from Judge Troutt's order of distri
bution of the personal property pertain
ing to • the estate in the Supreme Court
yesterday. The arguments are practically
all in ¦ the , hands : of the court now and
both parties to the suit look for an early
decision. . v : ¦<:¦-.
Fair Heirs File ; Briefs.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists.' COc flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. •
! T^he case of Eric' Kobbe, son of General
Kobbe. charged with assault to murder
for shooting Paul Wissig, who was In a
boat off Fort Mason, was called in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. ' The Judge de
cided that' the question of jurisdiction
raised by Major Hull.- judge advocate at
the Presidio, on behalf of the defendant,
was premature, and he set the 'preliminary
examination for August 27. • -..
Kobbe Case Set, for Hearing.
Don't drink Jesse Moore Whiskey unless you
want the best.. ¦ ' ' ' . •
John Knox, 42 years of age, residing, at
129 Eddy street, was knocked down at the
corner of Fourth and Howard streets by
electric" car 1140 about 11 o'clock last
night. He was, removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that he was
badly injured about the head, and little
hope was expressed . for his recovery-
H. R. Dietel, the motorman, was ar
rested shortly after the .. accident and
taken to the Central Police Station.
Knocked Down by. Electric Car.
Dr.? A. Pollard Mulligan, late of medical
department of Santa Fe Railroad, has re
sumed practice in San * randsco. Offices In
Parrott building, telephone Folsom 1741. •
Stole a Bicycle.
.Two boys named Lester Hastings and
Edward Ryan were arrested last night on
warrants charging them with petty lar
ceny. They are accused of stealing a
bicycle from J. Samuels of 1102 Golden
Gate avenue and taking it apart, selling
the pieces to a cyclery.
Two Seamen Jump Overboard.
PORT TOWXSEND, Aug. ..17, —The
schooner E. K. Todd arrived to-day, forty-'
eight days from Haihong, China. Cap
tain Hansen reports that on' his way' from
Puget Sound to the Orient two of his
men jumped overboard and were drowned.
It Is thought that they were insane.
missioner and Adolph Greenin
ger as Agnews Director.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 17.-Governor
Gage has reappointed the three members
of the Code. Commission — W. C. Van Fleet,
A. C. Freeman and George J. Denis.
The Gdvernor also appointed John
Flannery of Santa Clara State Dairy Com
¦missioner. and Adolph Greeninger of San
ta Clara member of the Board of Man
agers of the State Asylum for the Insane
at Agnews.
Names John Flannery as Dairy Com-
GOVERNOR REAPPOINTS
THE CODE COMMISSION
All Hassen, a union y fireman on the
Zealandla, who ¦: refused; to. go out on
strike, fell into the- hands of the union
pickets yesterday morning ; - and <. before
they got through with \ him Ali ii lost a
quantity, of -flesh, , money J and . valuable
papers., :The pickets • had 1 1 been 'waiting
several days for. Ali, I but; like a sensible
Turk, he ¦ remained aboard I the I Zealandia.'
He was finally lured : off the vessel -by -a
decoy, letter., which ¦. informed . hfcn that '• a
The.Oregonian, which for several days
has been discharging at * Spear-street
wharf, is almost rid of all her cargo. She
will be taken to the Union Iron Works
Tuesday, where the heavy iron which she
brought from New York for .the works
will be taken out. The Olympic, which
is also at Steuart street, is receiving a
cargo of horses and mules for Honolulu,
for which port she will probably .sail to
morrow. The Santiago, having received
all her cargo and having a full crew, will
leave to-day for Hllo. The Argyll will be
taken to the seawall to-day to , finish dis
charging. Part of her freight was landed
at Harrison-street wharf, but ! there -was
not room for all.o. It. After unloading
she ' will be brought , around - to Howard
street pier. No. 3, where she, will .load
freight for Central and' South American
ports. ¦ - " :¦¦ ¦ ' -^' . ' ,-¦:,. :. ¦ • . ¦
" The steamer Enterprise, which was char
tered ' early In the • week by the Panama
Railroad and Steamship Company. left
early yesterday -morning for Valparaiso.
She^was heavily laden with barley, val
ued at 561,500, and asphaltum. '.The steam
er Peru, also bound- for Valparaiso, got
away shortly after noon. •;,
A concerted effort was made yesterday
by the .coal men to unload the colliers in
the harbor.. Work was started on the col
liers Czarina and South Portland and
considerable headway was made. Full
gangs, of non-union men are employed on
the vessels and as they become -more ac
customed to the heavy work they succeed
in getting ashore a considerable quantity
of fuel. The* discharging of the collier
Tellus was completed yesterday afternoon
and at 6 p. m. she was hauled out into the
stream to make room for the Bristol,
which has been tied up in the stream for
several days. The gang that unloaded
the Tellus will be put to work on the
Bristol this morning. There are still sev
eral heavily laden coal ships In the stream
which will be moored at the bunkers as
Boon as the unloading of the vessels now
discharging is -accomplished. ¦..'¦•••: ' ¦: ,
The salmon pack which these vessels
are bringing to this city is one. of the
largest made in years. The entire pack
is contracted for and under the agreement
entered into between the packers and the
purchasers should be delivered by a cer
tain date. The present condition of the
labor world renders the accomplishment
of the terms of the contract almost im
possible. What action will be taken by
the men who have the immense quantity
of canned fish on their hands has not yet
been decided upon.
A phase of the strike which has not
hitherto been thought of was brought to
the attention of the merchants and labor
leaders last night by the arrival In the
harbor of the sailing ship Santa Clara,
the first vessel of the salmon fleet to ar
rive. There are about fifty vessels In the
fleet, and there are about forty union men
on each vessel who are all subject to the
orders of the City'"Front Federation. The
ships, now that the first has arrived, will
be coming into port dally, and with each
arrival the army of strikers will be in
creased.
Army of Strikers.
Some 2000 Men Will Be Added to the
SALMON FLEET ARRIVING.
Knight's Trial Concluded.
The trial of Policeman O. H. Knieht on
the charge of battery upon James Maddi
son, marine engineer, on East street last
Monday, was concluded before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the Judge
Miller, while unable to give the location
of the restaurant, is positive that it is
opposite "where the boats land." He de
scribes the robber who pointed the revol
ver at ' him as being about 30 years of
age, and weighing about 160 pounds. . He
was roughly clad and had several weeks'
growth of beard on his face. The other
was younger and had the appearance of
being a laborer. He is satisfied that he
can identify them in case they are ar
rested.
After wandering about for some time
Miller met a special policeman, who took
him to police headquarters, where he told
the story of the robbery to Captain Sey
mour.
Scarcely had he sat down at a table
when one of the men drew a revolver and
threatened to blow his head' off if he made
an outcry. The other robber then struck
him on the head with a blunt instru
ment, and as he fell to the floor the bold
crooks quickly searched his pockets, tak
ing his money and watch. Miller says the
proprietor of the restaurant made no at
tempt to prevent the robbery, but ordered
him to leave as soon as his despoilers dis
appeared.
Fred Miller, a well-dressed, middle-aged
man, was held up by two men in a res
taurant on East street last night and rob
bed of ?240 and a gold watch and chain.
Miller arrived on last evening's overland
train from the East, and as he reached
the ferry he was met by the two men,
one of whom pretended to know ¦ him.
After a short conversation he was taken
to a restaurant, the exact location of
which Miller is not able to give, and in
vited to have something to eat.
• The eleventh annual excursion and
games of the Tyrone, Fermanagh and
Donegal Benevolent Society will be held
at Shell Mound Park next Sunday. An
attractive programme has been prepared
and' many handsome and costly prizes
will be distributed. Tim McCarthy, the
Irish piper, and Mr. McMahon, the fid
dler, will be in charge of the jig and reel
dancing. The committee of arrangements
is composed of John Farrel, H. Reilly,
James M. Laughran, James McLafferty,
Patrick' Hurley. Bernard Gorman, John
Quinlan. John Deveny, Patrick Daley and
James Carroll.
Annual Picnic and Games.
Fred Miller Relieved of
His Valuables by
Two Men.
BOLD ROBBERY
OF A STRANGER
The idea is that the proposed branch
would reach tidewater somewhere below
Santa Maria, giving an outlet for many
shipments that can best be sent by water
The Santa Maria people have been talking
of this prospective road for several weeks.
Parties of hunters have brought in news
from time to time of surveying outfits on
the route.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 17.— S. Doug
las Fox, a prominent rancher of the Cuya
ma country, says he has been approached
by representatives of the Southern'Pacific
for a right of way through his property.
His ranch is on the line of a talked-of ex
tension of the road now being built Into
Sunset. Mr. Fox says that the Sunset
line is now only ten miles from Sunset,
and that he believes it is to be continued
to give the company a tidewater port.
Surveying gangs are out in the moun
tains.
Way Through to Santa
. • Maria. .
Southern. Pacific Seeking- Right of
MAY LAY RAILS FROM
SUNSET* TO TIDEWATER
The head library assistant for this year
¦will be Harold Trader, who takes the place
of W. H. Beach, 1900. who has accepted
a good high school position in Southern
California. 1 Miss Belle Thompson win
take Alpha Bushnell's place as library as
sistant. Miss Bushnell was compelled to
resign on account of ill-health. Reclassi
fication of the library ' was begun to-day
preparatory to the opening of college in
September.
Miss Pearl Green. Stanford. *9S, and as
sistant .cataloguer, from 1899 . to 1900. will
have charge of classification. Miss Green
has just returned from the Library School
of Albany, X. Y-. where she has spent a
year studying modern library methods.
Alfred Francis William Sc>midt. Stan
ford, '95, has been promoted fi om the rani:
of an instructor to that of assistant li
brarian. Mr. Schmidt has been an in
etructor in German at the university for
a number of years, but lias given ¦ up
teaching for the -more favorable work in
the library..: He will be third librarian,
Charles Herbert Nash being the head li
brarian and Dodge associate.
CHANGES IN STANFOED
ITNIVEBSITY LIBRARY
Appointments and Promotions Effec
tive With the Opening of the
College Year. .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 17.—
Several changes in the war of appoint
ments and promotions have been made in
the university library. Melvin G* Dodge
has been appointed associate librarian
and began his new duties last -week. Mr.
Dodge is a graduate of Hamilton College,
New York, and also of the Albany Library
School. He held the position of professor
of chemistry at Hamilton College from
1890 to 1832, and has been head librarian of
that institution since 1892. His Greek le^
ter fraternity is D<=>lta Upsilon.
The passenger steamer from 1 San Fran
cisco last night brought .nearly 100 more
teamsters, who have engaged' to pick hops
in the fields in. the vicinity of. Perkins
Station in this county. Picking .will begin
next. Monday and will last. for several
weeks.' c . • '-¦ '¦¦'¦
of employment;* which they -.are readily
finding in the orchards, vineyards and hop
fields.,. The latter, furnish employment for
nearly all 'applicants, and at good pay. A
couple of nights ago a large delegation of
striking • teamsters arrived -here--by train
from San Francisco.- . ." -..¦-¦
Many of the striking porters and
packers have gone into the hop fields
while others are now working on the rail
ways in the southern part of the State.
More than fifty have gone on camping
trips to the country. About 300 members
have left the city. •
• -. It was a day of marked Inactivity at the
headquarters of the Porters', Packers* and
.Warehousemen's Union \ yesterday. The
place was practically, deserted .for the
better part 'of the day, and but for the
presence of % the officers there was nothing
to indicate that a strike was in progress.
President O'Neill reports that the mem
bers of the union now on strike are de
termined to fight to the "last. Reports
received by him from the union pickets
tend to show that less than sixty men
have returned to work since the strike
began. The rumor that hundreds of resig
nations had been filed Is denied by Presi
dent O'Neill.
the Interior.
Three Hundred Porters Find Work in
STRIKERS LEAVING THE.CITY.
We would beg of "you to notice' the fact that
this Employers" AESOCiation which is so loudly
claiming the right to attend to its own busi
ness and so pitifully protesting against outside
Influence exists of its very nature for. the pur
pose not only of interfering. with other people's
business, but for the purpose of -. uprooting,
cutting to nieces and bringing to' -naught "the
business of men who are ami should be en
tirely independent of them. Remember, the
Employers' Association holds the draymen by
the throat. Remember, it was the Employers'
Association that instigated the draymen- to
break faith with the teamsters. Remember, it
is the. Employers' Association that forbids the
draymen to come to terms with the • teamsters.
Remember, that it is the Employers' Associa
tion that is now paralyzing the whole trade
of the city and State. These are ; the men that
talk about interference and running their own
business, while it -was they who began" it By
interfering and are keeping it up by-prohibit
ing- other people from minding and managing
their own affairs. «
In addition we would have you notice that
this Employers' Association is a secret body.
Its members are afraid or ashamed ' to have
their names known. It has no discoverable
place of business. Its representative. Is only
a mouthpiece, with no responsibility, no discre
tionary power— a mere organ to make vocal
the mandates of this dark brotherhood that
like a mysterious and ever to be execrated
council, that crushed out liberty and annihi
lated commerce in Venice is now striving to
crush out liberty and annihilate commerce in
San Francisco.
The H San Francisco Labor Council has
issued a statement addressed to the cus
tomers of a firm of wholesale grocers of
San Francisco in which it is j sought to
refute the arguments advanced by that
firm in a circular defending its attitude
in the present labor controversy. In ad
dition to "statements relating to the in
dividual firm the following arraignment
of the Employers' Association is em
bodied in the Labor Council's circular:
Strike Leaders.
LAB0E COUNCIL CIRCTJLAE,
Employers' Association Arraigned by
I hereby certify that the condition of Peter
Lynch is somewhat improved to-day and that
if no further complications arise the chances
of his recovery are fairly good.
THOMAS .HOWLET, M. D.,
Interne St. Mary's Hospital.
Captain Seymour sent Detective Byram
and Sergeant Campbell to St. Mary's Hos
pital to inquire as to Lynch's condition,
and they reported that Dr. Leonard, who
was in attendance upon. Lynch, had in
formed them that Lynch was not in a
dying condition, and unless complications
set in he would be all right in three or
four days. Not satisfied with that, the
captain sent Detective Reynolds to ob
tain a certificate and he returned with
the following: .
~ A report'h'aving'been circuited that Pe :
ter Lynch, a striking teamster who -was
shot in the hip on the morning of July 30
at -Eleventh and Harrison streets by two
colored non-union teamsters working . for
Einmons & Co., was dying at St. Mary's
Hospital, Captain Seymour instructed de
tective Byram and Sergeant Campbell
.yesterday 'morning. to find the two colored
men, Ruscb. Horn and William Ferguson,
who were out on $500 bail each, and bring
theni. in. .The officers found the two men
at work on the Broadway dock and they
were taken before Judge Conlan. Assist
ant Warrant Clerk Greeley told the Judge
that he had been notified Friday after
noon that Lynch was dying at the hospi
tal and he went there to take his ante
mortem statement, which Lynch refused
to make, as he said he did not believe' he
was going to die. Greeley said the doctors
at the hospital had Informed him- that
Lynch' was Jin v a :- serious „. condition | and
that his. side, was paralyzed. ; * '
Judge Conlan ordered the two men into
custody, and? when Attorney Joseph Cof
fey asked that bail he fixed for their re
lease.the Judge- refused. Coffey. made a
vigorous protest, claiming that it was
only in a case of. homicide where bail could
be ¦. refused, but >the : Judge could not be
moved. Coffey attempted to get a writ
of habeas corpus from Judge Lawlor and
wanted it made returnable forthwith, but
the Judge objected to making it "return
able earlier than to-morrow morning,
when all parties could be heard, and Cof
fey decided to wait till then before taking
action. . . -i ¦¦ ¦ . '
Recovery.
Wounded Teamster on 'the Boad ; to
LYNCH IS NOT DYING.
couple of his friends were occupying cells
In the City Prison and would have to re
main there unless he came up and.vouch
ed for their future behavior. AH possesses
a kind heart and could not resist the ap
peal.;, He started to the Hall of Justice
to secure the release of his friends, and
that was the last seen of Ali for thirty
six hours. When he got aboard the Zea
landia he told his captain that a few
blocks away from the vessel he had been
seized by a gang of union men, who went
through his pockets, took" from them $38
and . his naturalization papers, beat and
cuffed . him until he was oore and then
locked him in a freight car and shipped
him. to San Jose. He hunted up a friend
in the Garden. City. and got enough money
to pay his fare back to the city. • .
William Merrin, a non-union coal hand
ler employed tat the 'bunkers at the foot
of Beale street, was badly beaten by a
gang of strikers 'yesterday- morning while
he was on his way to work. He was
treated : at the Harbor Hospital for a lac
erated cheek,- a bruised nose and several
abrasions of the neck and face. '
reserved his decision till "Wednesday. Dr.
C. R. Armistead of the Harbor Emergency
Hospital testified to having attended to
Maddison's wound on the side of the, head.
It looked to him as if the blow had been
struck from the side, . because if it had
been a downward blow Maddison would
have at the time been holding his head
sideways. The case was submitted with
out argument but Attorney Coffey sub
mitted authorities on the duties of police
men during disturbances or riots.
Strikers Picking Sops.
I SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.-Many of the
striking teamsters of San Francisco have
grown tired pf- idleness .in that city and
have struck out for the country In search
Retail Merchants Wifl-Hold Afternoon at IS^tive
Sons' Hall to Consider Means of Restoring the Interrupted
, Industrial Activity of the Gty* _.
¦ It Is understood that nearly all the mer
chants appointed by Mr. Kenney on the
committee which is to begin operations
to-day have signified their willingness to
serve. The committee consists ;of live
gentlemen from each branch of the retail
trade and all are well known in their in
dividual lines.
Dear Sir: You are cordially invited to attend
a meeting to be held on Sunday, August 18, at
the Native Sons' Hall,'^ Mason street, at 2
o'clock sharp, of the Retailers' Association. Ob
ject of this meeting is to bring about industrial
activity. You have been appointed on the com
mittee of five of your particular branch of-re
tail trade. ' I would further urgently request
that you or a representative of your firm be
present at this important meeting. j| None but
retail tradesmen admitted. Yours respectfully,
. RETAIL. TRADES ASSOCIATION,
.W. 1. KENNEY, Chairman.
The arrangements for holding a meet
ing of retail merchants at" Native Sons'
Hall this afternoon are completed. Chair
man W. I. Kenney. has issued the follow
ing call for the meeting:
. An admission of this kind was prac
tically made by Attorney Michael yester
day when he said that every day that
passed brought the 'end nearer. His mild
communication to the committee of one
hundred declining a conference at the
present time on the ground of inadvisabU
ity appears to members of the committee
to have but one Interpretation, namely,
that at a more propitious period the as
sociation would be willing. to. recede from
the stand It took on August; 2. That the
period alluded to is almost at. hand, seams
the generally accepted- conclusion. •¦• ,
Attorney Rothschild of the committee of
one hundred said yesterday that there
¦were no new developments in the matter
of his negotiations with the employers for
a settlement of the strike. He admitted
that events were shaping -themselves in, a
manner highly satisfactory to him and to
all who are interested- in seeing, the con
troversy closed as speedily as -possible.
He expected that developments would be
such by to-morrow as to make it possible
to predict the outcome. Attorney Roths
child declined to explain the nature of
the information in his possession on the
ground that he was pledged to secrecy in
the matter. • • ¦ ,.j ,-
announcement by The Call yes
terday that information of importance
was being withheld by members of the
committee of one hundred as well as At
torney Michael of the Employers' Asso
ciation was generally accepted as mean
ing: that the end of the controversy was
in sight.
THAT the strike la nearlng the end
seems to be the belief of those
who are conversant with the af-'
fairs of the past two weeks. The
HOPE GROWS ST RONGER THAT END
OF S TRIKE IS NOT FAR DISTANT
THE SAN FE&ITC1SCO CALL, i SITND AT, AUGUST 18, 1901.
22
; : ; .EXPERT OPTICIA1T.
: ; ' * Mayerle's Glasses
5 Strengthen the Eye and Brain. »
MAYERLE'S GLASSES
FOR ALL; NATIONS.
France). has, one blind person to every BOO
Inhabitants. ¦
In'; Egypt twenty-one natives were killed'
because o(* defective' vision during the first
week's operation of an electric railway.
In Germany and England there is one blind
person to every^ 1000.' _ . .
China has more blind than all other coun-
tries. Spain 'cornea next. *- : •
America averages only one In every 1500, the
lowest per cent of any country.'. This Is ex-
plained in the fact that Mayerle's Glasses have
reached the greatest perfection in this country.
Many eyes have been saved through timely
use of Mayerle's Glasses. ,'
georgjFmayerle,
German Expert Optician*
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
(Charter Member • American Association of
Opticians.)
1OT1 j£ . WWarlcet Sti-e>e»t
(Opposite • Hibernia -Bank, S. F.;~Cal.)-- -
GERMAN 'EYEWATER, 50c. ;
T CUT TillS OUT. ' . '
r :*r _ 1 rtT.Tji _ advertisements.
E9 i9^1 H WBPff Wm *r^a e^3 ri^ tfl es
.../\IND...
On TO-MORROW and following daus we will
exhibit an elegant assortment of NEW GOODS
in our Silk and Black Goods. Departments,
New Colored Velvets, New Panne Velvets,
¦ Metal .Printed . Velveteens, complete line of
latest- weaves' in "Black Silks, comDPisinu
Peau de Soie, ; Duchesse, Louisine, London
Irmure, Fan cu- Armures, Tricotine, Satin
- Regence, MerYeilleux and Peau de C^gnej
complete /line' latest shades in Colored Taf-
fetas, Fleur de'Soie, Satin Ducliesse, Peau de
Soieana-Fancu Waist Silks,
New Black Venetian Cloth, . Amazon Cloth,
Prunella Cloth, Foules, Poplins, Mohair
Raue,: Pebhle Cheviots, CreDe de Paris, Crepe
de Chene, Wool Taffetas, Samite Cloth, Crepe
Armures, Mohair Faconne, Canvas Cloths,
Wool Tamise and Figured Crepe de Chene.
We invite our PATRONS in the interior
, to write for- samples of above goods.
sil; 113, 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
MANIFOLD ATTRACTIONS
in high-class, seasonable, stylish and wanted merchandise REDUCED to
quick moving prices, which give you no alternative but to save, will mark
ythe last week, of our CLEARING-OUT SALE of summer Roods — and the
- real economies which obtain can best be appreciated by seeing the offer-
ings in person. A single purchase will amply repay you for your visit.
These items and a multitude of others. __ .
Summer Petticoats ( Women's Silk Waists
: At 75c, $I,OO, $1.25, $1.50. ; Reduced to $3.95, $5 OO.
tfiSi PreS fn te^J??i a rW S ?r^m In the two assortments of handsome
duced quotations sell regularly from sllk waIsts from . whicn you may
"5rvuS In- Shfc^nfl^oin?"^ 8 wfth choose during this week at and
¦v. y ,im,. «m /f ZS« 'rhX-t« $5 are the same styles "which have so
•' wJ, "2™ =h y l% a «Hnr^« n mp readily sold this season for double and
«rili i^f 8 ' ? '¦ a mS'iS 5 in many instances more, than double
?h?m in f »Yi a I d fl n ' e « B| wl Ci «,vini g ti ? th£' these reduce^ figures. Clever style de-
•them in all>and a big saving to the sign> desirable colorings, swell gar-
:.puyer. -. ments.'.. . - ; ¦•••.;.¦ ¦ .
Summer Wash Waists Child's Wash Dresses
Reduced to 5Oc, 75:, 95c. Reduced to JSc, 93c, $1.25,
. One never can possess too -many of • , r r »
these Summer comforts— and- values Plenty of warm weather, and wear-'
up to J2.50 in wash fabrics of the* pret- ing time yet for these pretty frocks of
tiest patterns and colorings, also sheer percale, duck, linen cha'mbray, etc.,
white- sorts we've shown this season and in these lots for this week's sell-
!s the inducement for you to buy in ing are several > broken lines of sizes
the next two days, if only to lay away in values up to $2.50 of the best styles
for the next season— considering your in our stock— jaunty- sailor styles, etc:,
saving. Inspection means to purchase. for school wear or playtime— which
.; / . , - ; v " will launder each, time as .when new.
Better be among the first choosers.
.Women's Raglans. — —
Special, $15 po Up v Child's Shirt Waists
,' There'll; be- some telling values of- ; ' Reduced-to 25c.
fered you this .week," from $15 up, -in . : .: .. .' , , ...
women's v loose or fitted back, full ' They're for misses from 10 to 15 years
length English Raglan Coats. They!rc of age and just like mamma's Mostlv
of Covert and Kersey, with velvet or percale sorts, in neat and varied nat-
self collar and Raglan , or coat sleeves, .terns and desirable colorings Actual
Perfectly tailored ' swell, .garments 75c and 51 values reduced to so low a
-which your wardrobe is scarce com- .uniform price as 'to guarantee their
plete without.^ -See. them! "Values going out quickly. A most satisfactory
speak best for themselves. _ assortment to commence the sale with. -
In Basement Bargain Sahsropm.
¦ Every department of the house is represented with a saving of half
. and more jthe'eut prices on . muslin- j underwear, neckwear, -
| hosiery, cotton, silk and wool waists, . petticoats, belts, handkerchiefs, cor-
•. sets, wrappers, etc.t" etc. -. • ¦ "• ; : . .;..?.' ¦•-,¦. . • ' ' ; ¦ , ;"J,' ' '*,i'.' '•'
; *.l ) Cor." Geary Street and Grant Avenue;
r ri7'rV ADVEB-TISEMENTS. .' ' -"'
5OO SAILORS.
or slwuld say, we place -^A // 1
on sale Moivday 500 If
Union-Made Sailor
Suits for 500 Tots;, ¦^^jS^S||f\
tJte swellest little suits .v^— ' \\ \J
your eyes ever beheld, \\ ) JJ£ Pflm\f
in navy blue, prettily ~~~ % Lt®mT,' 4/I
trij?i7?ted, for chaps /Ji^ \LM
ages 3 to 10 years. //jj yC . jm
Monday, wr /jR, li//I.
j^p4^?| Bright and Early
W '~K" Monday Morning,
yo^> r «^ r \ your pick of 500 all-,
r/L^/ '• • VA wool Blue Cheviot.
l?f^ (j L tt \ Suits, fast color, for
P H boys ages 8 to 15
(/-) C '^^^^H years, good for dress
I Wv or SG^ 100^ w &a r , worth ¦
-K&> W ® While they last,
) THE J. NOOXAST FURNITURE CO.<Inc> \
- '' ' J^ * •
SUNSET BED COUCB.
The best bed yet. In all colors of \
Velours, with patent legs, wide and i
luxurious; occupies but small space V
and \s comfortable and ornamental'
when not in use as a bed. Come In/
and see them. We furnish your house
complete — from top to bottom — and at I
the most moderate prices, too. "We pay i
no rent— you profit thereby. . . '
The J. Noonan Furniture Company 1 !
(Incorporated.) \ .
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET, {
Above Sixth, San Francisco. '
We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
EXPERT
EYE-GLASS
....WORK.
Oculists' Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
PHONE MAIN 1O.
• ¦ —..-¦ ¦ *
. 0PTIOANS^SS^~*
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CHBONICU BUn.0IN6. CATAIOGUI FRlC
Late Superintendent Physician City '
and County Hospital. ,
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES. i
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LJQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. '
': Twenty Tears' Experience. i
Patients may be treated at home or prl- ( '
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow BuUding. '
105 Ellis st., near Powell. Hours, 10 to 12 j
a. m., 2 to 4 p. m. \
HuL.JXi fa P^*a fr.Trl JSxi ft*-£l 1 1 h^t*3 HI
gar ia Fit53 cja^i jgqj . — *^) ua w*t*% «9
M CMJCHESTER'S ENGLISH
PEHN¥RQYftL PiLlS
Wi -(5TV Orf«ta«l nnrt Only eea«S«T
fe<Ud\^\I a KED .ad Cold meuaio toxY.^iti
*A &± VVJ Pnoocroas Sub.Ut.Uo*. ma j Im^t
W' Jf staapc tor Partioalan, Te«tlm«nU i
f prettier things than the footwear we have 4 |
'¦- just received for our 'I 1
I New $3;50 Department '' f
S of « shoes for men and women. The • 1
wearer of these shoes knows they are |
S proof against criticism in workmanship,
quality and style. They comprise ;all the
j newest fashions of Oxfords and* Boots in '"
'' . Patent Leather, Box Calf, Russia Calf, Vici
I Kid and- every 'kind of material. Our ex- ',
\ elusive shapes cannot be duplicated, else- |*
where or equaled in smart appearance. . 'Alert Soldiers in
Tourney
Array*
Their Drilling Is
Like Gldck-
SIR KNIGHTS PREPARE THEMSELVES FOR LOUISVILLE LISTA
AS THE KNIGHTS OF OLD PREPARED FOR THEIR PILGRIMAGES
SIR KNIGHTS WHO ARE OFFICERS OF CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY. NO. 1,- KNIGHTS TEMPLAR, WHICH IS
TO START /TO-NIGHT ON ITS PILGRIMAGE TO THE TWENTY-EIGHTH TRIENNIAL CONCLAVE TO BE
HELD IN LOUISVILLE, KY. , . '
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
suppress this tiade In tickets as being directly
apairnt the interests of the State. - ¦
THK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
: GEORGE A. NEWHALL, President.
j I E." SCOTT. I Secretary.
Similar resolutions have also been adopt
ed'.by the executive committee of the gen
eral convention of the Protestant Epis
copal church, which is to meet here in
October next, and the general committee
of the international convention of th« Ep
worth League.
.. -.
TRAVERSE CITY. Mich., Aug.. 17.— Fke
to-night destroyed the warehouse of the
Wells Highman Basket Company, filled
with fruit packages. The loss Is between
$75,000 and ,5100,000. .
Flames Destroy a "Warehouse.
CLEVELAND, „ Aug. 17.— The body of
another victim of . the" crib ; disaster was
picked up by a tug to-day near the seen©
of the holocaust. The body was terribly
burned and probably will not be identi
fied.' i •••.-. v -¦..'.¦¦•
Another Victim of Disaster.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— Chicago packers
deny that the Smithfleld Market of Lon
don, England, is controlled by them and
pronounce the efforts of the signers of
the petition presented to- Parliament yes
terday as the work of people defeated in
fair competition. When informed that
they were credited with holding a meet
ing; at 2 a. m. every day to fix the price
for London for that day representative*
of packing firms seen to-day laughed
heartily and said the report was not worth
denying.
Not Controlled by Chicagcans.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Aug. . 17.— The
forty-seventh annual convention of the
International Typographical Union came
to an end at 11 o'clock this morning, an
adjournment being taken to meet next
year in Cincinnati. An amendment to
the constitution was adopted by which
the plurality rule will hereafter apply in
the election of the president and secre
tary-treasurer, the same as to the other
international officers. The majority rule
has heretofore prevailed. A proposition to
levy a special assessment for label agita
tion was adopted, as was also a proposi
tion to make machine tenders* assistants
members of the union. A proposition ex
cluding the testimony of non-union print
ers when a union man is on trial was
carried.
Typographical Union Ends Session.
When the echo of the last "Amen" died
out there was silence again. Then ;an
other signal. The Sir Knights rose to
their feet, turned to the." standard -and
with • uplifted swords . raised their vvoices
in anthem to the flag they mean to carry
to -victory.- '• - - ¦ . •
From beside; the reviewing -stand came
the sound of rustling skirts, and out Into
the! open floated a bevy of > "fair 'ladies."
There ,was a lady for each Sir, Knight and
1 There was no command this time. An
almost .imperceptible movement of the
captain's sword and every Knight dropped
to his knees, doffed his plumed head cov
ering and bent his head. Silence for a
moment and then : the sweet tones I of
strong, masculine voices blended in the
prayer of many centuries, ' "Our Father
which art in heaven." •
Bend Reverently in Prayer.
The Sir Knights, twenty-five of them,
had marched out into the open space and
passed in review before Eminent Com
mander Sir : Carroll Cook. A few sharp
orders, a few evolutions and the Knights
had gathered in crossllke formation
around the commandery flag.
- Beside the flag stood' Sir R. P. Hurlburt,
the captain of the little company. "In
ancient times," he said, "before knights
set forth on , pilgrimage it was the cus
tom to go down on bended knee and in
voke the protection of God Almighty. It
was also a privilege accorded the Sir
Knight of the olden day to take with him
on his quest some visible token of the
good will of some one fair woman, that
the sight of it might inspire strength in
his good right arm in time of peril and
keep fresh the remembrance of her to
whose service he was bound and - whose
confidence he must Justify even with his
life. Let us now," concluded the-com
mander, "endeavor to emulate the ex
ample of those that .have gone before
us." -v
The Mechanics' Pavilion has rarely . if
ever been the scene of a ceremony so im
pressive as that witnessed last night. A
large open space in the center of the hall
was lined on all sides with row after
row of brightly dressed women and well
attired men. The Sir Knights,. with flying
plumes, bejeweled capes and flashing
swords, lent an Old World light to the
occasion. There was the inspiration of
music and the marvel^ of the clockwork
like evolutions through which the sol
dierly Templars moved 'in response to the
short, sharp commands of their cool
headed captain. But overshadowing every
thing in its beauty and impressiveness
was the simple ceremony which preceded.
JF the brave men of the drill corps
of California Commandery No. 1,
Knights Templar, fail to bring the
silver and golden trophy from Louis
ville it will not be because they
lacked the inspiring' encouragement
of fair women.
When they reappeared, after an inter
val which was. taken' up. with. music and
a speech which General Barnes, should
have delivered, the contrast was startling.
Instead of the plumes and silver-spangled
capes of the first exhibition there was the
severe but neat fatigue uniform, small,
jaunty. "Tommy -tAtkins''-llke caps, and
dark, close-fitting blouses, relieved with
white stripes. . In' the .: fatigue uniform,
however, the Knights,; in spite of the fact
that the change < seemed to » bring th<:m
several centuries along. the 'road, of time,
looked more like business and gave their
friends the opportunity of seeing that it
was not the , "fine feathers", of ¦ the „ first
drill which- made it impressive and .'that
if sackcloth: had l been selected as the.ap
parel , for the second -; appearance • the sol
diers would still have been every inch Sir
Knights. , ' - ¦-*.'"
One of the' prettiest features of. the sec
ond drill was the sword exercise, at which
the Sir - Knights - are as; proficient • as/ at
marching ¦¦ and < counter-marching. ¦ Then,
for .a finale, -Captain i Hurlburt had his
Knights drawn up in front of the review
ing stand, where they went through move
ment after movement with the regularity
of- clockwork,' ¦ without 'ever a "" word'of
command. -V The • drill, corps was then
marched - out of the ; open and . dismissed.
Dancing brought ' the evening toa close.'.' :
¦¦; General .Barnes was -.to .have 'delivered
an address, but failed to put in an appear-*
ance.'V Sir Knight '¦ Dr. ,W. i E. Smith va s
asked to step into the -breach and 'he filled
It r royally. Vr He- ; said H he s felt J rather * em-;
Dr. Smith Delivers Address.
¦ In his introductory remarks Eminent
Commander Sir Carroll Cook spoke of the
hard work done by the drill corps In pre
paring for the coming competition. He
complimented them on their proficiency
and thanked them, for their efforts. He
wished them Godspeed on • their Journey,
and expressed the hope that they would
return covered with the glory . their ef
forts merited. • . ¦ ¦ .
There were two drills — one Jn full dress
and the second in fatigue uniform. - Each
was a gem in its way. Sir Knight Hurl
burt.-who officiated as drillmaster, was
thoroughly in touch with his little com
pany and every one. of; the twenty-four
Sir Knights 'responded with machine-like
regularity to the orders which moved
them in fours, in threes. In line, by sec
tions, in cross-shaped formations, and put
them through, evolution after evolution
without ever a: Jar or jumble or even a
sign of hesitancy. ' .. ; .
every lady bore a token for her particular
champion. When the ladies retired each
Sir Knight bore proudly over his heart
a blood red Roman cross and in the eye
of every soldier was a do-or-die look
which portends" trouble for the Sir
Knights they meet in the lists at Louis
ville. Then a sharp word of command
and the Sir Knights proceeded to show
their ladies, f ellov,- knights and friends
how well able they were to uphold the
honor of California Commandery No. 1,
Knights Templar.
barrassed at having to impersonate a real
general at such short notice, but would
do his best. He concluded by prophesying
the return to San Francisco of. the drill
corps with the Kentucky trophy in its
possession.
Commandery Departs To-Night.
The twenty-eighth triennial conclave of
the Knights Templar will be held in the
city of Louisville t during the latter part
of this month. • From this city California
Commandery No. 1 and Golden Gate No.
16 will attend, each with a drill team, to
take part in the competition. California
Commandery. or rather as many members
as will be able to absent themselves from
business, will, in . company with - their
wives, relatives and friends, , leave this
city to-night on the trip East. Those who
are onthe list of pilgrims are:
Most. Eminent Sir Heuben Hedley Lloyd,
grand master of the Grand Encampment of the
United States; Carroll Cook, Mrs. Carroll Cook,
William McCormick, Mrs. Nellie McCormick
Miss Mattie j McCormick, Miss . Ellen Dore,
Miss Charlotte Dorr, G. H. Umbsen, Frank
Zack.S.' A. McDowell, S.'L. Henderson. Mrs
Dausken, H.- B. Ream," H. D. Nickols, - F. D.
Marsh, J. - A. ' Marsh; W. . T. Linman. "VV. F.
Chlpman, :H..C. Porter, Robert Weineke. Wil
liam WoukowRki, . O. • V. ., WestDhal, ¦ G. "W.
Strohl, H. ¦ J; Burns, A. -G. Glenn, Thomas
Morton, F. W- "Webster. . R. P. Hurlbut.
George ,F. Neal, ' Gun ¦ Dorn, S. J. . Ewlng
G. J. C. Staffer, George H. Dyer. B. N. Row
ley, C. C." Stallman, L#. A. Larsen, J. : G. Lei
bold. Thomaa H. Browne, C. T: Wendell, A. "A.
r.afkins, D. M. * Lawrence, C. W. Ayers, R. L
Radke, J. | W. ' Likens, , A. . E. B. . Ridley. M.- E.
Unger, P. J. Furgeson, T.J. King. -Miss Annie
Cox, Miss Edith Cox,' G. W. Bennett, E.
Huribut, IV Yank, H. Ritzau. F. Borgel. * C. I
Dttmar, Mrs. ' M.'. Yank. Mrs. N. Tank^ M. S.
Davis, Mrs.', Davis, H. . H. ' Williams, •-¦ L. v F.
Giinilan, 'W. E. Elsert, J. -W. 1 Kenning. W.
H. Snedaker, Colonel J. S.> Young, J.-B. -How
ard, T. • L. • Gates, J. 3. Richardson. . J. - F.
Hottel. John Tonningsen, Mrs. John Tonning
sen. Mrs.- .T. 1 Macyv Mrs. W.-.P. Ink, Mrs. Wil
liams, P. iR. Bjick, Mrs. BJick and J. P. Stev
ens./ ¦ ¦ -.¦,¦"¦¦• , V ; V '¦...¦¦¦ ¦. >
Various Pleasant Bests.
California Commahdery's pilgrimage to
Louisville •'. will be .under the direction \ of
the following "committee: V '•'•'.:
¦ • Eminent Sir I Carroll Cook, I commander: Em
inent :¦ Sir Reuben P. . Hurlbut. ' chairman ; Sir
George F. Neal, secretary, and Sir's- Henry B
Ream, jj Thomas Morton, ¦ John Tonningsen, - B
F. £ Garratt, - T. ¦ H. ¦ Browne '.. and Charles M."
Plum." '.••.• •¦—;.. ¦¦¦,..-: ¦,. . ..."
- The start will be from the Oakland'mole
in a ' train of- eight" vestibule cars, 'with
dining and- baggage , cars attached. An
officer ¦.'; of , the* commandery will be in
charge • of each palace car.* Sir Jerome
B. :¦' Richardson .will *•¦•* have., .charge -of
the fruit • car ¦;¦*. and '.''.. attend Its < dis
tribution." . Sir 'Anton' Kreig' has been ap
pointed : commissary and. Sir .W. . H. Sned
aker,' an iold-time< railroad', man. will .go
with the party as -'general -superintendent
and be the "boss" of- the train. . The com
mandery, ¦ of ; which : the : Most Eminent Sir
Drill Corps Reception to California Commandery
Fills Mechanics' Pavilion With Friends of
the Departing Templars.
As Thompson insisted on telling the
party that he was a crook of more than
ordinary ability. Captain Foley finally
threw him out of the saloon. It was only
a few nights later when Thompson at
tempted to enter the residence of Mr
Bpruance, on Jackson street, and was
captured, after being slightly wounded In
the groin: . . ' •
The empty revolver, brass knuckles and
skeleton keys which he displayed in the
East-street saloon were found on him
when he was searched at the City Prison
On being told last night that the police
had ascertained his true name. Thompson
seemed surprised and anxiously inquired
how they got "next" to It. . as he ex
pressed it. ' .-¦.-,
"Let .the ' world* know me only as Rob
ert Stone. tl;e gentleman burglar, and I
will go to prison contented." he said.
Yesterday Detectives Dinan and Wren
located Thompson's room on Mission •
street, near Third, but found.no incrimin
ating evidence in it. .There. was a news
paper clipping, giving an, account of
Thompson's burglary of Mrs. A: B. Ham
mond's residence on Jackson street.: , >
Admits His Identity.
A few minutes later. Thompson unload
ed the revolver and taking out the car
tridges placed them in his pocket.
"I'm a desperate fellow," he Is said to
have remarked. "You want to look out
for me when I touch the trigger of my
gun." •
He then took fropi his pockets a pair
of brass knuckles and a bunch of skeleton
keys, and holding them over his head re
marked that he was a burglar.
"There is no house I can't enter," he
boastfully remarked. "I expect to get
some easy money in this town before
many days."
. Thinking that the fellow was jesting the
saloon-keeper and his friends paid little
attention to his remarks. - \
Thompson had a drink with the party,
and at the suggestion of Captain Nye the
dice were shaken to see who would pay
for a dinner for the crowd. Thompson
lost, and becoming angry he whipped out
a revolver and placing it in close prox
imity to Captain Nye's head threatened
to send him to the Morgue. Captain Nye
promptly grabbed the infuriated man and
prevented him from using the revolver.
He was then ordered to leave. ;
After leaving the vessel Thompson went
to a saloon kept by Captain Foley at 30
East street and bought several drinks.
Standing at the bar at the time were Cap
tain Foley, Captain Anderson and Captain
R. W. Nye, who is here promoting the
industry of pearl fishing in South
America,
According to the story of the audacious
house-breaker he came to this city several
months ago, and, finding himself without
funds, determined on a career of crime.
After committing several unusually bold
burglaries he went to Seattle and soon
squandered the proceeds of his daring
crimes at the gaming table. Suspecting
that the police of Seattle were shadowing
him he engaged as a fireman on a steamer
bound for this city, arriving here last
Monday.
Shows Vicious Temper.
. Herbert Thompson is the true name of
the "gentleman" burglar, who was cap
tured Wednesday night by Special Officer
Helbush. His home is in Baltimore. Re
cording to the information received by the
police last night his father is one of the
best known pilots in the State of Mary
land. In order to keep his disgrace from
his folks Thompson gave the fictitious
name of Robert Stone when he was taken
into custody.
¦ . Resolved,' That, we • deprecate as < a* great in
jury H'! California the attemst. now being made
by;- the. above-named; ticket : brokers to . traffic
in . these tickets, 1 , and trust . that . our citizens
having ' its ¦ welfare . at • heart will ; endeavor to
.. .Whereas, The • sDecially reduced ' rates . re
cently made by the transcontinental railroads
for- homeseekers coming to this coast from
other portions of the United States have in our
opinion been. oV great value in bringing a de
sirable class of peoDle among us, thereby di
rectly and in a'mest practical manner exhib-'
itlng the resources and industries of our State
to ¦ those who are. thus . induced | to settle here
and in • time influence others, to do likewise
thus tending to upbuild our industries and de
velop our vast natural resources: -and whereas
in. order that these transcontinental railroads
may, continue to ( furnish this transportation at
the reduced rates it is necessarv that the 're
quirements under which 'the rates • were given
be ¦ strictly adhered to; and ¦ whereas, d we - are
Informed that a certain class of ticket brokers
make a practice of diverting, the uses of these
tlckits . f rom .' the : purpose for which they were
issued by transferring . them -to -others for
whom .; they - were not : intended. ¦ thereby de
moralirins-..tates." and threatening . the with
drawal i altogether- of • these • specially • reduced
fares; therefore; -the Chamber of Commerce of
San , Francisco has . ,
Realizing this and the benefits to Cali
fornia of these low rates in the summer,
which ;add largely; to the State's popula
tion,-both ¦ transient, and permanent, the
Chamber of Commerce passed the follow
ing resolutions on "Wednesday last:
-The colonist rates are also another bone
of contention 'Effected by. the* scalpers'
work. It is only, within the last year that
the railroads have- found .their, way clear
to put these rates in effect to. California,
and tickets are now being sold on the first
and third Tuesdays of -each month, with
the resultthat-thousands of homeseekers
are now coming to the State.
The hot weather in the East and the
cool weather in San Francisco in the sum
mer have been compared through railroad
advertising and brought to the attention
of Eastern people to a greater extent than
ever before, with the result, that .there
were a number' of trainloads of pleasure
seekers pure and simple that came West
at the time of the Epworth League con
vention, and there will be another contin
gent, though not so large, for the October
meeting. It is. claimed that within a year
or so the summer excursion business from
the. East. to California will equal that of
the winter. .:.:.;•;.¦¦
A representative of the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific said yes
terday in speaking of these low rates that
while they were made primarily for the
accommodation of attendants upon the
conventions, yet. an equally important ob
ject was that of v the company to. create a
large, summer. resort travel to California.
; California roads have been very success
ful; in securing through rates from the
East 1 for the various conventions, and
have done a great deal of work to secure
these conventions for California. Tickets
have been sold this year at less than half
rates for the Epworth League convention,
held in July, and will be sold for The Epis
copal convention, that meets October 2.
The Knights of Pythias have been se
cured for next year, and work is being
done to get other meetings. 7 »v.
The agitation over the scalping of spe
cial rate tickets for conventions and the
colonist rates that have, recently been put
in effect by the transcontinental railroads
has created a great deal of public inter
est. The railroads claim that if the scalp
ing is permitted to be continued they can
not hope to induce their connections to
join them in making these low rates.
Housebreaker.
Herbert Thompson, the
Name of "Gentleman"
Chamber of Commerce
Condemns Methods
of Scalpers.
CHARGES ARE MADE
OF BANK SWINDLING
Papers Filed in a Maryland Court
Tell of an Alleged Finan
cial Fraud.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 17.-The details cf
an alleged attempt to swindle banks on a
large scale by means of fraudulent cor
porations and fictitious notes is told in a
petition filed to-day in the Baltimore
County Circuit Court at Towson for a re
ceiver for the Manor Lumber Company
of that town. The amount involved, ac
cording to the petition, is over $1,000,000,
and it is asserted that the scheme nas
been at least partially successful
It is alleged that the Manor Company
was not incorporated for the purpose of
doing a legitimate business, but formed
by Charles E. Corkran as a part of a
scheme for alleged swindling.
Corkran. being already interested in
some legitimate companies, wished It la
alleged, to increase the credit of these
companies with the banks of the country
for the purpose of "kiting" negotiable
paper through them. He organized from
eighteen to twenty-one smaller companies
t is alleged, ostensibly engaged in the
lumber business, from which he would on
demand receive from $1000 to $3000 in ne
gotiable paper, • payable to the" order of
any of the parent companies needing It
This paper was discounted In enormous
quantities, the bill alleges, at various
banks in the country, they beinsr led to
believe that each note represented a bona
Qde sale of lumber. -.•¦¦• ¦<¦ \'..
POLITE BURGLAR
IS IDENTIFIED
BY THE POLICE
LOCAL BUSINESS
IS INJURED BY
TICKET BROKERS
Several of the interior newspapers ac
cept the result o& the recent primary elf c
tion in this city as a victory for Govemo-
Gage. There is no doubt that deputies
nnd others on the State payroll joined
Martin Kelly and Sam Rainey in the fight
against the Republican Primary League
It is a matter, of record that the league
polled 8000 votes. Another election is to
taks place in November and these SOitO
toother with many other Republicans'
"<*>Kv vote. Time may demonstrate the fact
to Republicans of the interior that the
fctate Central Committee made a great
mistake In intervening ¦ in the San Fran
cisco local fight and indorsing Martin
Kelly & county committee.
The Democrats are taking more I than
passing notice of the coming contest for
Governor. The Democratic list of aspi
rants embraces the names of Charles D-
Lane of Calaveras, Mayor Snyder of Loa
Angeles, Ed E. Leake of Yolo. W. T. Jeter
cf Santa Cruz. Washington Dodge of San
Francisco. Bernard D. Murphy of Santa
Clara and James H. Budd of San Joaquin.
Ex-Governor Budd asserts that he is
not an aspirant for the office arrd would
not accept the commission if it were ten
dered to him. • ,V« '-,•"
Some Democratic Aspirants.
H. G. W. Dinkelspiel of the Forty-first
and T. P. Riordan of the Forty-second
District are candidates for the distinction
of presiding over the convention. Herrin
is inclined to favor Dinkelspiel and Kelly
is partial to Riordan. "Whiskers" Smith
Is sounding the praises of Charles Lau
meister for Mayor. A strong effort is be
ing made to induce Henry J. Crocker to
enter the race for Mayor.
In the campaign preceding the primary
election John Lackmann cleverly plaved
both ends against the middle and is said
to be slated for renomination for Sheriff
It is suggested that the largest hall lri
the city be engaged for the convention
as nearly all the voters of<«he Twenty
eighth and Twenty-ninth districts want
to hear Martin Kelly's great speech. It
is said that the orator intends to roast
the newspapers, indorse the State admin
istration and invite Herrin and Lynch to
join him in a crusade for pure politics
The list of Republican aspirants for the
gubernatorial nomination is- growing
larger by degrees. Harold Power of
Placer is the latest addition to the galaxy
•V' the aspiring. Dr. George C. Pardce's
avowed candidacy is causing a deal of
comment in the interior press. It was
supposed until recently that Pardee woul.1
stand by and pee Gage. Flint and Davis
fight for the Alameda delegation. His de
termination to enter the race on his own
account will cause a stormy campaign in
Alameda County. It is said that Gover
nor Gage has strong hopes of winning the
delegation in that county.
Tnomas Flint Jr. Is making frlerds
throughout the State. He is not mixing
up in local contests. Railroad CommiF-
Fioner E. B. Edson and Controller E. P.
Colgan have supporters in Northern Cal
ifornia. Lieutenant Governor Neff will
not listen to suggestions that he enter the
race for the gubernatorial prize, although
many of his friends advise him to go In.
Kelly's boesism represents the brutality
of politics. He stands for nearly every
thing that is debasing and degrading in
our political system. He sells nomina
tions and betrays his party. He knifed
M. M. Estee. Republican nominee for
Governor, to get even with Burns. He
did his work openly and waited in sight
of the public at the door of Governor
Budd's office for his reward. He made
an open fight against the Republican Pri
mary League ticket. He rallied or pur
chased a sufficient number of Democratic
votes to overcome the anti-boss Repub
lican strength, but his work was done in
the open. Two years ago the subsidized
,Phelan newspapers went into hysterics
—because Horace Davis consented* to an
with Martin Kelly. There was
• a general shriek that Mr. Davis had for
feited public confidence by speaking to
Kelly, and therefore Phelan should be
elected. The same old odious Boss Kelly
is now the head of a delegation in the
convention, and the Phelan press is not
advising candidates of danger in speak
ing to him. Candidates are soliciting his
support. The story goes that he has con
eented to stand in and line up the labor-
Ing men for A. G. Fisk. the Examiner's
candidate for District Attorney.
Candidates for Chairman.
Martin Kelly is not an intermeddling
boss. He holds a commission to represent
the people of his district in the conven
tion. He derives the right to speak for
the people from the people. He did not
sneak under cover on the day of the pri
mary election and wait for the winners to
be announced before declaring which side
he was on. He went to the front and
downed the Republican Primary League
enti-boss ticket. Where was Herrin in
the f.ght? He dodged the Issue by keep
ing away from the polls. In the Forty
first District, where a little help would
have given a victory to Judge Dibble's
boss ticket. Herrin shirked.
Kelly's lieutenants assert that the old
Sacramento Senatorial touts did not win
a delegation at the primary last Tuesday.
John Lynch, who is claiming something
for the old machine, is characterized by
"Whiskers" as the biggest bunko steerer
that ever came down the pike. The war
of words in which Smith, Lynch, Conroy
and the underlings are engaged does not
disturb the serenity of the chief of the
allied bosses, the brazen-tongued and cop
per-lined orator, Martin Kelly. Herrin's
agents talk of reversing the roll of dele-
I prates and placing the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict at the tail end, so that Kelly may
be assigned to a seat in the rear of the
hall. The proposed scheme again exhibits
the clumsiness of Herrin, Lynch and Jere
Burke. They do not take into account the
fact that Kelly can be heard if not seen.
His lungs have been educated to meet the
conditions proposed. He is preparing and
rehearsing for the oratorical effort of his
life. In days of old he carried an ax to
break in doors and smash ballot boxes
when he fancied the tide of battle was
running against him. It stands xo reason
that he ¦Rill not now tamely submit to a
programme of exclusion prepared by the
fat-witted bosses of the Southern Pacific.
Kelly's Eight to Be Heard. >
Crimmins, it Is said, is off on a "toot" cel
ebrating the boss triumph; but Kelly, the
leader and orator of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District delegation, has no tinn
to ¦waste in bibulous joys. "Whiskers"
Smith is guarding the corraled cattle, to
Bee that Herrin does not slip in and put
the railroad brand on any of the political
steers of Kelly's herd.
TVhlle the political emissaries of. Herrin
are dodging about from one barroom to
another in quest of unpledged delegates
to the Republican Municipal Convention,
Boss Martin Kelly is busy preparing his
great speech to the nominating body.
JlA« c!a!ms , *£ at tne men who a'
sauited him and Kenny were the sams
ones who fired a shot at him last Friday
night while he was caring for hia team
in a stable at Fourth and Townsend
streets. He says he would not be able to
recognize any of them. •
Ekberg and Kenny reside at 512 Bush
street, and were returning to their rooms
from the restaurant where they take their
meals when the assault occurred. The un
ion men were laying in wait for them, the
teamsters claimed, and approached them
in a body. Kenny, who was closer to
them than Ekberg. warned them to keep
away, but they continued walking toward
them. One of. the attackers when elose to
.Kenny drew a revolver and fired two
shots at him. Both bullets missed him.
and he then drew his own revolver and
returned the fire, discharging. three shots.
, ; Vh l n Kenny commenced firing Ekbere
joined in. and the bullets flew thick and
fast. None of the men directly concerned
L n x th^ nght were struck by the bullets,
but Thomas Moran. who was walk
ing up Grant avenue, was hit twice.
One grazed . his stomach. . inflicting a.
slight abrasion, and the other passed
tjrouph his right leg just above the knee.
ut I ! W lV e « n 1he ,J nilIet through his
leg. and this evidently scared the- gun
fighters, for they scattered in all direc
tions. The wounded man wag picked up
by Assistant Hack Inspector Thomas
Bowlen and carried into the Snake drug
store, where* examination revealed that he
was not seriously wounded. He was sent
to the Emergency -Hospital.
,^ enn /A nd i. E Sr g took ref u*e on th»
roof of the building at 512 Buah street.
Sergeants Donovan and O'Connor and Of
ficer Cayot surrounded the building: and
Detective Harry Reynolds went after the
t^tn'r. 7 h^ 1D £ d f, no . resistance and were
taken to the Hall of Justice and charged
with assault to commit murder All of
the strikers succeeded in making their
escape.
» • »-•--' ¦ -¦¦¦-. '•:• ¦¦*-*-¦.¦.¦;
A battle between strikers and non
union men occurred last night about 9
o'clock on Grant avenue, near Bush
street, in which revolvers were drawn and
used freely, to the imminent danger of
passers-by. The result of the melee was
the wounding of Thomas Moran, a metal
roofer, residing at the corner of Sweeney
and Merrill streets, and the arrest of Otto
M. Ekberg and John alias "Plug" Kenny,
two non-union teamsters, employed by "W
P. Fuller & Co. ' * '-5
Suggestion That Large Hall
Be Reserved for the Local
Convention.
volvers.
Otto Ekberg and John Kenny
Resist Attack With Re-
MARTIN KELLY
IS PREPARING
FOR AN EVENT
The Big Boss Expects to
Make the Speech of
His Life.
Battle on Grant Avenue
Results in "Wounding
of Passer-By.
NON-UNION MEN
EXCHANGE SHOTS
WITH STRIKERS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 19O1.
Pages 23 to 32
I ¦ "' " 11*1 A- • m I I
Pages 23 to 32Averages for Team and
Fielding Work of All
;-{¦ \:. v ;- Players.
COURTNEY LEADS
BATTING COLUMN
The challenger was flying his satis about
town yesterday in a modest. sort of way.
He is quiet of manner but t ull ; of spirit,
Interesting himself ' in '\ everything that
crosses the track. "I had 'better not feel
too gay," he said to a crowd at Corbett's
after a hearty lunch, "for the first thing
I know Jeff will not agree to the terms.
the world,' and almost as certain
that when the meeting takes place an old
champion will be toppled. over and & new
one set upon" the. pedestal.
OUS RUHLIN ' Is a ; happy . young
Akron giant ; these days. He now
' feels ; certain" ttiat'j he' will" .'meet.
•Jim Jeffries, : the' champion of, all
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 17.— The fifth
day of the tennis tourney saw but one
event in the championship singles. The
match between Lee Ware and W. A.
Lamed was put over until Monday, leav
ing the Deals Wright vs. Clarence Hobart
match of the third round the only one to
attract a gallery. Wright beat Hobart
6—3. S— G, 6—4.
Wright Beats Hobart.
AB. n. BH. EB. PO. A. K.
Xon5rk«. r. f 4 2 2 0 10 0
Brockhoff. c. f 5 0 1 ff 1 0 0
Hildebrand. L f 5 0 0 0 0 11
Schwartz, tb 3 10 0 2 4 0
\Vilscn. c 4 2 2 .0 4 0 0
Sullivan, lb 3 1 1 0 15 0 0
Krujr, es 3 0 1 0 3 9. 0
J. Relily, Sb 4 110 12 0
Ibui-E, P 4 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals 35 7 8 0 27 21 1
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reltz. 2b... 4 0 0 0 2 6 0
Hutchlnson. lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 1
Householder, c. f 3 0 1 0 2 1 1
Atherton. r. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
C Reilly, Sb 3 0 0 0 2 2 2
Bowman. 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Kelly, ss 2 0 0 0 13 1
F.piea. c 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Kale, p 3 0 10 0 10
Totals 27 0 2 0 £7 14 6
RtJXS AXD HITS BT IXXIXGS.
P2n Francisco 10000200 4—7
Base hits 10001100 5— S
Los Angeles 00O00OO0 0—0
Base hits 00010000 1—2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 4. Two-base hits
— Householder. Xordj-ke. Sacrifice hits — Krug:.
Firrt base on errors — San Francisco 4, Los
Angeles 1. First base en called balls— San
Francisco 3, Los Angeles 2. Left on bases —
Pan Francisco 5, Los Anpeles 2. Struck out —
By Iburjr 3, by Hale 2. Double plays — House-
Solder to KeJly to Reilly. Schwartz to Sullivan.
Time of ganre — 1 hour and S5 minutes. Umpire
— Levy. Official scorer— McFarlin.
SAX FRAXCISCO.
everlasting cold. The crowd -was the blg
pest that ever filed Into-the grounds on a
Saturday. More -than that. It was over
pouring with enthusiasm— the cackling,
noisy, ebullient kind. Just because the
.Angels were hurled from the heights the
shouters shouted some mqre and went
home happy, awaiting the morrow, when
the battle will be taken up again. The
loss of the game was destructive to th«
g-ood reputation the southern wing men
have been building for many weeks. Five
limes they errored. and sinfully at that.
v.Mch. in conjunction with a painful
burching in the ninth, read a severe, dis
astrous lesson.
The fun pepped at the start and ran
over the sides. On a couple of errors
Nordyke and Hildebrand found them
selves on the bags. Then Schwartz was
passed, crowding the sacks. ¦"Treeful"
"Wilson — Harris* latest, who was p'ayed
behind the mask. Sullivan going to first,
vice Pabst, who is nursing a split finger
started his rejuvenation with a hit which
pcored Nordyke. Again were the bases
filled. Then Krug flew to Householder
and Hildebrand, on third, came home aft
er the fly had been eaten. But ancient
Rueben said he beat the pistol and called
Hildebrand out. The crowd said other
things. That ended the inning as far as
runs were concerned.
The sixth brought two runs to Harris,
but the ninth was the downfall of Mor
ley's fliers. Then it was that the Wasps
put in the sting. They fell upon Hale and
spread the leather all over the field. Five
hits and four runs were registered in this
wir-d-up festival.
The locals played a good fielding gams,
Krug being the star with his nine assists
and three put-outs and no errors. The
ecore:
San Francisco 7/ Los Angeles 0.
The fanatics had a day bf.it at Recre
ation Grounds yesterday afternoon, espe
cially the rabid followers 'of the Hanks T
ville team. Morley's Angels were several
shades off. color in stick work, and .the
newly ordered Frisco team found \ the
hearty Hale just often and easy enough
to win out by a score of 7 to 0. : , .
Ham Iburg puzzled the southerners to
such a degree that no damage of any sort
was even threatened. Once Los Angeles
seemed a bit nostalgic, but the symptoms
passed away and the Angels suffered tho
Pitcher Hale Is Punished
, Severely in the Ninth' <:
Inning.
Iburg Is Invincible and
Not Score.
Southerners Do
AMGELS RECEIVE
COAT OF PAINT
SAN JOSE. Aug. 17.— Alfred Holman
has sold the controlling Interest ta tho
San Jose Mercury to H A. and J. O.
Hayes, proprietors of the Evening Her
ald. Possession will be taken on next
Monday.
Sale of San Jose Mercury.
CAPTATN" SYCAMOHITS V111WH.
Believes the Constitution and Colum«
bia Are on a Par. ,^
NETV TORK, Aug. 17.— The ShamrocS
II was floated out of the drydock to-day
and was taken to Tomkinsville. where
the finishing touches will be put on tha
racer. Before she left the dock she was
painted a light green above the waterline.
Sir Thomas Upton's people hope to hav©
the Shamrock II in readiness for a cruise
off the Hook on "Wednesday to greet her
owner when he comes In on the Teutonic,
due that day. Captain Sycamore, who
witnessed yesterday's race between tho
Constitution and th© Columbia, when
asked to-day what he thought of these
two boats, remarked that they were so
much alike, that he did not care much
which one would be put against the
Shamrock II. He thought, however, that
the Constitution was a better finished
boat than the Columbia and that so far
as he could judge there was little differ
ence in the sailing qualities of the two
American yachts.
Both racers got a boisterous salute and
repeated cheers from the attendant fleet.
The last race In the Larchmont series
will be sailed on Monday. The two yachts
will then go to Oyster Bay for the Sea
wanhaka event3 Thursday and Saturday.
The New York Tacht Club race, which
was scheduled at Glen Cove for Wednes
day, has been called off.
The constitution had added forty sec
onds more to her lead. Both went about
on the port tack Immediately after round
ing and stood down the Long Island shore
for a long board. The Constitution, hav
ing a good lead, got out from under the
headlands and into the open bay and was
first to get the Increasing breeze. They
tacked around the mark and then stood
for the finish line. \
On this leg the Constitution had gained
twenty seconds more. Both broke out bal
loon jibs and spinnakers for the run 'In,
the wind having shifted a bit into the
south, at the same time coming lighter.
The wind was now about the best of
the day and was blowing well up to ten
knots. Both boats came over to the homo
mark off Larchmont on a broad reach,
with big Jib topsails and balloon staysails.
On this short leg of three miles the Con
stitution added only a second to her lead.
After rounding the buoy and starting;
over the course the second time the Con
stitution's men had trouble in sheeting
home the big reaching sail, which was
shaking in the wind for over a minute.
The wind still held and the two boats
ran to Jhe flrst mark, a six-mile leg. In
less than half an hour.
The Constitution covered tho six miles
in 43 seconds less than the Columbia. Aft
er rounding the Constitution made a short
tack inshore and came about on the
weather bow of the Columbia just as the
old boat luffed around the mark. Both
boats now stood down on a long starboard
tack toward the entrance of Hempstead
Bay. The Columbia was seen to be doing
better close hauled and when half way
down to the next mark went clean
through the Constitution's lee, romping
off with a good hard full. The Constitu
tion, however, pointed well up and ke^t
her windward position. Coming out into
the bay, the boat caught the fresh wind
first and added materially to her lead.
Both boats were able to make the second
mark with one Ion? and one short leg.
The Constitution rounded the second mark
1 minute 9 seconds ahead of the Columbia.
The race was sailed under conditions' s
that best suited the Constitution— a steady
eight-knot breeze and a smooth sea. It
was finished, in 3 hours 3 minutes, very
nearly a ten-knot gait, which was fast
time, considering the wind and the fact
that twelve miles of the course called for
windward work, although it was not a
dead beat. The Constitution gained on
her rival on every leg, doing best In
reaching-. It was a fair test of speed, as
the boats got the wind throughout and
there was little to choose in the handling.
It represents about what the new Consti
tution can do to the old Columbia under
the conditions which prevailed, and while
many yachtsmen who have followed the
boats are disappointed that the difference
between them was not greater quite as
many more are satisfied that the Consti
tution, before the trying out i3 over, will
have proved sufficient superiority to war
rant her selection as the cup defender.
The course chosen was a beam reach of
six miles, a beat of six miles witn a long
and short leg and a* broad reach of three
miles, twice around. The start was one
of the closest ever made by the two
yachts, as they got off only two second3
apart. The reach down to the first mark
was made In quick time and it was only
a fast steam yacht that could keep up the
pace.
LARCHSIONT, N. T., Aug. 17.— To-day's
finish between the Constitution and th»
Columbia was only a matter of seconds.
For the fourteenth time the two vessels
have raced and for the eighth time the
Constitution came out a winner. . To-day
the margin was small, for she beat the
Columbia only 53 seconds, corrected time.
In elapsed time she won by 2 minutes 13
seconds.
Yachtsmen Satisfied That the*
New Boat Is the
Speediest.
— •— . +
Close Bace With Colum
bia Over Larchmont
Club Course.
CONSTITUTION
BY FEW SECONDS
EVENTS ON DIAMOND, COURSING FIELD AND RACETRACK EAST AND WEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— George Arnold -was the
medium of a successful plunge in the Harlem
handicap, valued at $3000, this afternoon. Pink
Coat, the favorite, indifferently handled by
Dupee, was second, with Vesuvian third. Ad
vance Guard was outside the money because of
a bungling ride by Tommy Knight. Results:
First race, six furlongs— Burnle Button won,
Triaditza second. Rollick third. Time; 1:41 1-5
Second race, four furloncsr-Ed Austin won.
Mabel_ Winn second,' Jack Ratlin thind." Time,
Third race, one mile, selling— Henry of
Franstamar won, Banish second, Gawains
third. Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, the Harlem ' stake, one mil*. and
an eighth— George Arnold won. Pink Coat sec
ond. Vesuvian third. Time, 1:53 3-5
Fifth race, one mile, handicap— Th« Pride
won, Federal second, Anthracite third. Time,
1:39 3-5. ,
Sixth race, one mile and three-stxteenths.
selling — Hermencia won. Frangible eecoad
Harry Preston third. Time, 2:21.
Seventh race, one mile — Anchor won, Zaca
tosa second. The Phoenician third. Time,
1:41 4-5.
FIRT ERIE. N. T.. Aug. 17.— Summary:
First race, seven furlongs— Erinco Plausible
won, Badge second, Franconi third. Time 1:23
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Quix
ada won, Juanita M second, Lauretta Burke
third. Time, :55%.
Third ' race, six furlongs— Letla Barr won.
Racebud second, Oconee third. Time, 1:14%
Fourth race, Toronto stakes, seven and "a
half furlongs— Young Henry won. Oak Maid
second. Hieaway third. Time. 1:34.
Fifth race,, five furlongs — Concertina won.
Dixie Queen second, Halmetta third. Time.
1:01%. - *
Sixth race, steeplechase, about a mile and
three-quarters — Terry Ranger won. Interfer
ence second. Mrs. Bradshaw third. - Time, 3:36.
' BUTTB, Mont., Aug, 17.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Katie Gibbons won,
Glisaando second. Amaza third. Time. 1:15%.
Second race, seven - and a half furlongs^ — Ad
nor. won. Bill Bohmanson second. Mr. Robin
son third. Time, 1:37*4. -
Third race, one mile— Spike ¦ won. Kenova
second. Lee Metford third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards — Sylvan
Las3 won. Pass second, Algareta third. Time,
1:4"V4. breaking track record.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Duckoy
won, Decapo second, Lucy Whita third. Time
1:08%.
Sixth race, three and a. half furlongs — Honest
John won. Big Dutch second, "WalkaDaueh
third. Time. 1:41%. % .
DETROIT, Aug. 17.-«-"Windsor results:
First race, one mile, selling— Tempt won,
Jena second, Domadge third. Time, 1:43.
Second race, six furlongs— Paul Greyton won,
Amigary second, Lacrimea third. Time
1:14%. ' '
Third race, mile and an- eighth, selling—
Zonne won, Ed Roth second, Louisville Belle
third. Time. 1:55%.
Fourth race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— George W. Jenkins won, Coley second.
Tate's Creek third. Time. 2:50%.
Fifth one mile, handicap — Miss Soak
won. Velma Clark second, Trebor third. Time.
1:40%. " - • .- \1 ?
Sixth ' race, five furlongs, selling t=- Legal
Maxim won. Debenture second, KIngford third
Time. 1:02%.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling — Jessie
Jarboe won, Avator second, Himtlma third
Time.. 1:29. •
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17.— Delmar Park results:
First race, one mile, selling— Ladas won Ne.
karnis second. Miss Theresa* third. Time
1:43%.
Second race, six furlongs— R. Q. Ban won.
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Morton third
Time, 1:15.
Third . race, five and a half furlongs— Taby
Tosa won. Mamie English second. Hunter
Raine third. Time. 1:09.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— La Spara
'won, Eugenia S second, Zazel third. Time
1:50%. '
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Beana won.
Meddlesome second. Nearest third. Time
1:48%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Sweet
Dream won. Four Leaf C second. Survive third
Time, 1:21%.
Seventh race, six furlongs— Sard won, Kazan
second. Tenny Belle third. Time. 1:15.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17. — Kinloch results:
- First race, five • furlongs, selling— The Four
Hundred won, Atlgato second, . Pretorlus third
Time. 1:02%. .
Second race, six . and a half furlongs— Ben
Battle won, Hi Nocker second, ImpromDtu
third. Time. 1:22%. - P ,
Third race, five furlongs— Lord Quex won.
Ravensbury second, Brannlgan third. Time
1:02%. '
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Fleuron
won, Likeness second. Fireside third. Time,
1:15%. '
Fifth ¦ race, mile and seventy yards— W. B.
Gates won, Tony Lepplng second. Chorus Boy
third. Time, 1:48. . \
Sixth race, one mile and a furiong, selling-
Nitrate won. Dolando second. Little Daisy
third. Time, 1:56 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, hand
icap—Blues won, Rockton second, Klnnlkinnic
third.* Time, 1:47 3-5.
Fifth race, steeplechase, long course — Bac
chanal won, Mr. Stoffel second, Bullingdon
third. Time, 4:43 3-6.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, for
gentlemen rldera— Carbuncle won, Cogswell sec
ond, Dog. Town third. Time. 1:511-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, the
United States Hotel stakes — Mastarman. 110
(Bullman), 16 to 5, won.: EHxle Line, 117 (Beau
champ), 15 to 1 and 5 to 1, second: Caughna
waga, 113 (Turner), 30 to 1 and 8 to 1. third.'
Time, 1:08. Tully, Lux Casta, King Hanover,
Baron, Golden Cottage, Saturday tuid Queen's
Messenger also ran. The latter t*«ro lost their
riders. ? V
SARATOGA, -N; -Y;, Aug. 17.-August
Belmont's Masterman won the 510.000
United States Hotel stakes this afternoon
in easy fashion,- being four lengths In
front of Dixie Line, who beat Caughna
waga a length for second money. Satur
day, who was equal favorite with King
Hanover In the betting, was crowded Into
the fence on the far turn, McCue, his
rider, being thrown off and badly cut
about the left Bide. Results:
First race, seven furlongs, handicap—Chucta
nunda won. Specific second. Demurrer third.
Time, 1:27 1-5.
George Arnold Captures Har
lem* Handicap From a
Big Field.
Stakes.
Annexes the Rich United
r~ ,
" States Hotel
MASTERMAN
AN EASY WINNER
.',¦- NEW YORK,- Aug? 17.-Bobby Walthour
ecored a signal victory over. Harry Elkes
on the Manhattan Beach cycle: track this
afternoon. > They; met in ' a ; one-hour ' mo
tor-paced race - and i.Walthour won ..by; a
lap and a quarter after. traver*ng 36 miles
and a fraction . i ' ' ; ViH^BHK
"Walthour ' Beats : Elkes.'
San Francisco Club Is in Lead
Though Men's Percentages
Are Low.
INDIVIDUAL BATTING RECORD.
TEAM BATTING.
TEAM FIELDING.
FIELDING.
PITCHERS.
.- •.-, ,i; . CATCHERS.
Sacramento Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— Johnson was
knocked out of the box to-day and re
tired to the bench at the end of the fifth
inning. Hodson relieved him and held the
Senators down to four hits, three of which
were bunched In the ninth and resulted
in two runs. The entire game was one of
sharp fielding, seven double plays being
made." Dunleavy took Lohman's position
at the receiving end, the latter having a
finger nail torn off in yesterday's game.
Devereaux pitched for the home team and
did good ¦work. Score:
' OAKLAND.
- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Drennan, c. f.. 4 1 1 1 5 0 0
Mosklman, 1. t 4 0 10 11 1
Streib, lb 4 0 10. 7 0 1
Eagan, 3b .4 0 10 2 4 2
Dunleavy, c...' 4 0 1 0 4 0 1
Francks, s. s. ........ 4 0 0 04 3,0
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 0-04 3 1
Babbitt,, r. t 3 1 1 0 0 0 ..0
Johnson,"p 2 0 1 . ¦ 0 - 0 "V 0 0
Hodson, p 0- O'.O 0 0 0.0
Totals '.......'....32 2 7 \-l 27 11 1.6
SACRAMENTO. '
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, p ..;. 5 ,0 2 0 0 2 0
McLaughlin. 1. f..... 4. 1 1/0 2 0- : : 0
Courtney, 2b ;..- 4 1 105.- 7 0
Doyle, r. f. ;...: 5 2 8 11 0 0
Ashenbach," lb........ 4 0 10 HO. 0
Stanley, c...... ....... 5 2 21 '3 1 0
Sheehan. 2b........... 5 1 1 0 2 4 0
Hickory Dick, another puppy, beat a
favorite. Rest Assured was quoted a* 5
to 3 choice, but lost a close race to him.
Naughty Girl resented the talent's action
in offering 5 to 1 against her, and beat
Spiteful, her opponent, by a clean score.
Rocker beat Kittleman at slight odds and
Talk to Me earned the decision from Bona
Fide a 5 to 3 favorite. When White Hat
and King Cotton went to the slips the
Curtis dog carried the best"wishes of the
knowing ones. Without reason the talent
had allowed themselves to pay 6 to 1 for
their choice, and the result showed their
poor Judgment. White Hat proved himself
the better dog and his victory was a
deserved one. BriRht Gold made a better
showing than he has since his debut here
and took the flag from Motto, who carried
the big end of the money at odds of 4 to
1. Crockett Hill beat Master Workman, a
2 to 1 choice. Considering his. recent per
formances the talent should have reversed
the price.
Likely winners In the second round are
Harlean Gladys, Ireland, For Glory,
America, Snapper Garrison, Sir Lawrence,
John Doe. Fine Fire, Homer Boy, Rector,
Talk -to- Me, Candelaria, .Silver Cloud,
Bonnie Pasha, . Luxor, Dewdrop, Tyrone
Prince? Santonin, Chicago Boy, Faraway,
Sir Pasha. War Eaple, St. Ives,' Crockett
Hill, Bright Gold. Flying Fox.
For the stake Flying Fox and Dewdrop
look to have the best chance. to reach the
final. Rector and Vandal are well played.
They meet in the second round. Sir Pasha
McGucken, c. f. ...... 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, s. s:.^...... 3 0 11 . 3 2 7 3
-Totals ..:......:..39* 7 14 3 27 16 3
I RUNS AND HITS ;BT INNINGS. ;
Oakland .i 1 01,0:1 0 ,0 0 0— 2
..Base '.hits 3 0 0 13 0 0 0 0—7
Sacramento ..' 1 0 0.2 2 0 0 ' 0 ' 2 — 7
Base hits..: 3;0;l\4" 3 0 10 3—14
'¦ - '.."¦¦ :- : - SUMMARY. •.'. • ' \ -. ;
' : . Runs responsible " for—Johnson . 2, '• Devereaux
2. . Two-base . hits — Devereaux, \ Stanley. . Sacri
fice hit — Ashenbach: :•" First base on errors — Oak
land 2, Sacramento 4. First base on called balls
—Johnson ; 2, ' Hodson , 1, ; Devereaux » 1. ;,• Lef t ' on
bases— Oakland 4, Sacramento 9. \ Struck ¦ out-
Cronin's Tralee Boy, a Futurity candi
date, was the first to set the wise ones
thinking. Liberator was the youngster's
opponent and was thought good enough to
run for the talent's coin against the Boy.
Two and a half to. one was the price, but
when the course was finished it looked
that the odds should ha.ve been reversed.
Liberator got away well from the slips,
but Tralee Boy drew out from.' behind,
passed him up the field, and, getting
possession, held his opponent away and
beat him pointless.
The run downs in the two events yester
day at Union Park resulted in a good
programme of sport. In the open stake
the short ender would show itself now and
then, but not often enough to break the
monotony for the piker. f
Better running: could not be asked for,
though throughout the day's 'doing there
was nothing of the sensational order. .
Flying Fox and Dew
drop Are the Open
Stake Favorites.
.-; Third race,* elx - f tylongs, four-year-olds and
upward — Pidalia. , Imp. " Idallum-Plquante I (Slo
cum)," 105, . w^on: i Lou Clieveden (Alviso), 110,
second; Pongo (Tullett)," 110,; third. Time, 1:15.
Whaleback also ran. ; : ' ; '
'-- Fourth - race, ? six : furlongs, handicap, ' three
year-olds- and c upward— Boardman, -i Willful or
St.- Charles-Rosewood '• (McNichols), ; 115, - won;
Dr. Hart : (Burllngame), •; second ; ' Pegalong (Ho
bart)\thlrd.1 Time,:l:16. Gross and Monteraz
also ran."; -:,*" :.>-'• ¦
' Second"; race, six ; furlongs, . handicap, three
year-olds and upward — Catherine Bravo, 3, Rio
Brav«-Catherine B (Logue),- 110. * won; Coming
Event,"- 4' (C. . Ross), 110, ¦ second;? Blue Bell
(Hobart),; 110,- i third/; -.Time,' 1:14%. Mountain
I)ew • also ' ran. >'. : •' . ~;. >•, t
Time— 2:22%,. 2:20, 2:22.
First • race, N trotting and • pacing ; for local
horses, Santa Rosa Driving Club's purse, trot
ting and pacing, mile heats, three In five.
Ole, by. Silas Skinner (John Qulnn) 1 1-1
Cock Robin (F. D. McGregor) 2 3 3
Lucy ' G ( J. ' S. Albertson) 34 4
Prince Howard (S. -A. Hooper).. Dist
S- To beat 2:23%— Fram, b. s.. Direct by Abbotts
ford (Lafterty).' Time. 2:17%.
To beat' 2:21%— On Stanley, b. s.. Direct-
Lillle Stanly (Ramage). Time, 2:17%. ¦
To beat "2:26— Winnie .Wilkes. ¦' blk. m., Ray
Wilkes-Pet (Doran) . -.< Time, 2": 23. : ; v
Following are the summaries :
The third race was also a dash for the
"bang-tails." The distance was six fur
longs with a handicap and the event was
open to four-year-olds and upward. Lou
Clieveden, J. L. Rector's chestnut mare,
sold as the favorite, the .bookies asking
odds of 4 to 5. The start was fair and at
the turn' it looked as if It might prove a
close . thing, but Pidalia, with Slocum in
the seat, finished without trouble in 1:15,
Lou Clieveden, Pongo and Whaleback
coming in in the. order named. ''¦
The fourth event on, the card, which
closed both the day and the meeting, was
a three-quarter mile handicap for the run
ners,-in which there were six. entries.
The books considered Miss M.O'ConneH's
chestnut gelding Boardman the most like
ly, with George Richardson's Gross as sec
ond choice. Their judgment proved good
in ' the first instance, Boardman finishing
first in 1:16, with Dr. Hart second.- >
The opening event of the day was a
local race and aroused much interest. It
was a contest for a purse offered by. the
Santa Rosa Driving Club and open to
both trotters and pacers. The betting was
lively, but Grace Brothers* "Ole, a son of
Silas Skinner and a full brother to Nick
Russell, who is just now showing up well
on the Eastern tracks, won the race in
three straight heats. Cock Robin, owned
by Frank D. McGregor, had many back
ers and Venus N, a local "phenom" that
once sold for $7 50 as a saddle horse and
afterward developed a speed of something
like 2:17 at-a pace, came in for a great
deal of comment. The mare was nervous,
however/having never appeared in a race
before, and did not show to the best ad
vantage.'. »There is no denying . the fact
that she has speed, but she needs work.,
The second event . was a ' three-quarter
mile dash for the runners. - . Gold Baron
failed to respond and the contest was be
tween Catherine Bravo, Blue Bell, • Com
ing Event and Mountain Dew. Catherine
Bravo finished first in 1:14%, with Logue
in the saddle. Coming Event. Blue Bell
and Mountain Dew showing up in the or
der named. . • •• , • •
SANTA ROSA," Aug. 17.— The week's
meeting of the Santa Rosa Racing Asso
ciation was brought to a close to-day with
a programme equal to that of any day of
the week. The attendance was good, but
the beating was slow. Preceding the card
three horses went- exhibition miles for
new marks. The Santa Rosa stock farm's
Fram set hers at 2:17*4. another of the
same stud, On Stanley, went in 2:17^4 and
R. P. M. Greeley's mare, Winnie "Wilkes,
set a pace of 2:23.
FAST COURSERS
OUT FOR HONORS
gramme.
Trotters and Runners
Divide the Pro-
By. Johnson 1, by Devereaux 2. 'Double plays— f
Francks -. to . Streib ; Devereaux . to i Courtney • to
Ashenbach; Eagan '¦ to Francks ; Arrellanes to
Francks; Stanley to Courtney; Hanlon to Court-'
ney. to Ashenbach; Hanlon to Courtney to Ash
enbach. Passed : balls— Dunleavy 3. Time of.
game-^l:*). Umpire— Graves. Official scorer-
Rutherford. . ¦ . ; ¦¦¦...•••' ¦
•has some admirers who are backing: him.
Aeolus ran well in the puppy event and
has a strong chance to win the stake.
Royal Archer is second choice. Following
are the day's result's, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Open stake, flrst round — Tosemite Kennels'
Mose beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad, 9-7; F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat P. M. Curtis' "War
path, 6-3; E. Geary's Ireland beat P. M. Cur
tis' McKinley, 7-fl; T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy
beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 5-0; George Nether
cott's Floodgate ... beat Star Kennels'., Pick-
pocket, 8-2; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick, 7-1; E.'. Geary's
America beat D. J. Healey's* .Tapioca, • 8-6:
Georg-e Nethercott's Hickory Dick beat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured, 4-3; • A. Vanderbergr 1 s
Naughty Girl beat Ed Neaves* Spiteful, 3-0;
J.* Moriarlty's Snapper Garrison beat E. L.
Hathaway's Bridget Cleary.-i 6-0; J. Dowling's
Sir Lawrence beat L. F. -Bartels' Best Bargain.
5-2; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat J. Moriarity's
KIttleman, 4-3: E. M. Kellogg' s Frisco Lad
beat R. Strain's Three Cheers, 4/3; J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan,
5-4; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat T. J.
Mclnerney's Norah, 9-5; Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire beat T. J." Mclnerney's Annie Hall, 4-1;
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat A. R. Cur
tis' Fly-by-Night. 3-1: O.. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat Star Kennels' Mayflower, 3-1; T. J. Cron
in's Vandal beat M. Nealon's Achilles. 6-1;
A. R. Curtis' Rector beat F. A. McComb's
Greenback, 7-4; Ed Neaves' Talk to Me beat
F. A. McComb's Bona Fide, 5-1; Chlarlnl
Brothers' White Hat beat A. R. Curtis' King
Cotton, 8-6? A. R. ' Curtis' Candelaria beat
Chiarinl Brothers' Boney Boy, 4-3; Sterl &
Knowles' ¦ Ripple beat D.- Donovan's Railway
Boy. 5-0; CO. Peterson's Sliver Cloud beat
A. Vanderwhlte's Flora • McDonald, ¦ 4-2; A. 1
Vanderwhite's Lear Klngr beat T. J. Mclner
ney's Regina R, 9-7; Star Kemnels' Black" Head
beat E. M. Kellogg's Modest Girl, ¦ 5-2; E. .
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat George Shannon's
Black Flush. 14-6; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat F.
Schou's Lady Glenkirk, 6-0; P. M. Clark&on's
Golden Garter beat H. Lynch's Cotton Ball.
6-4; Chiarini Brothers' Dewdrop beat F.
Schou's Norah Lawrence, 8-2; Star Kennels'
Fontenoy beat D.-_ J. Healey's Tiburon, 11-4;
T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnnie R, 9-4; G. Graham's Tyrone Prince,
a bye; F. A, McComb's Little Sister beat E.
M. Kellogg's Modest Lad, 6-0; Chiarini Broth
ers' Santonin beat P. M. Clarkson's Prompto, .
6-0; George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Pash.a r
Kennels' Real Article. 10-6; T. Barre's Amadee
beat J. "W. Wett's Half moon, 5-1; J. H. Peri
go's Faraway: beat T.- Murnane's Bonus,. 6-4;
P. M. Curtis' Shadow beat Ed Neaves' . First
Foot, . 6-3; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete, ''3-2; 'Sterl &
Knowles' Olita beat Pajsha Kennels' " Roberts
Army, - 18-0; Ed Neaves 1 Strayaway beat M.
Nealon's Aeneas, 6-3; F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush beat P. M. Curtis' "War -Eagle, -^7-6;
George Sharman's St. Ives beat F. Schou's
Smuggler, 12-6; Pasha .Kennels' Rustic Arbor
beat T. J. Cronin's Parlor Maid, 8-5; F. Cox's
Crockett Hill beat Chiarini - Brothers' Master
Workman, 4-2;. Ed. Neaves' Castaway beat W.
Creamer's Lily Wright. 4-0; J. A. Klein's
Coronado beat T. J. Cronln'a Killarney, 5-2;
Charles Prichard's Bright Gold beat F. A.
McComb's Motto, 10-5: Pasha Kennels' For
Freedom beat M. 'Nealon's Ajfamemnon. 4-2;
A. B, Curtis' Flying Fox beat W. H. Kocker's
Merriwa, 6-3. .¦
: Puppy stake, fftst round— George Nethercott's
Red Rock beat T. . J. ; Cronin's" Rambler. ; 3-2;
E. Geary's Fannie ¦ Hughes .. beat -T. Jolley's
Little May, ,13-6; Pasha Kennels'. Royal Archer
beat.G. Graham's Lady Newark. 4-3; Sterl, &
Knowies' For. Liberty beat H. Lynch's A.. J.
Martin. 6-2;- A. Vanderberg" a Flying Ship beat
J. Llnehan's Look Out, 10-1; Aeneid Kennels'
Aeolus ;beat : W. C. Collier's Satanella, " 16-4 ;
Captain Clarkspn's Sofala "', beat ¦ J.v Bird's
Friendship, ¦ 28-1; M. B. Kavanaugh's May Be
1 Kind beat J. P. ¦ Thrift's Goldie Mac, : 4-3.
END OF SANTA
ROSA MEETING
Anyway, it's up to Jeff now, and . if be
is willing to fight here is the chanqe."
Ruhlin is in good physical shape as he
stands,- and probably not more than two
weeks of" hard work* would be necessary
to; put him In, fighting trim. His muscles
are hard and compact and there is little
or no fatty tissue to take off. "I will wait
until ¦ Tuesday ¦ next before: making any
plans for training," he said." "The sooner
the'flght comes the better, but as long as
I can get at him I, am satisfied. I'll be
ready to sign: the moment we meet next
Tuesday." • " * '
Since Jeffries attained the championship
status he has developed a strong financial
sense. Strikes and lack of sporting ele
ment in a community affect him and his
manager with much dread. The races will
bring a number of prizefight patrons, and
tho absence of strikes will also be good
for the house. So Jeffries will dictate the
date of the fight and Ruhlin will agree.
Such Is the prerogative of champions.
The question of referee might cause
pome opposition on the part of the ctoib
under whose auspices the fight will take
place. The San Francisco Club has its
appointed referee for all contests — Jack
"Welch. But In a fight of this -magnitude
the managers are likely to waive any such
demands for their own referee and con
form to the choice of the principals,
which is George Siler. I The question .of
referee would not be of any moment to
the Twentieth Century Club, for it has no
ordained arbiter of fisticuffs. The choice,
of clubs lies between these two promoting
organizations, with the chances in favor
of the San Francisco Athletic. Both man
agers are willing to fight before Greggalns,
or Jim Kennedy. . . \
.Even though the date of the fight be set
as late as November or December, Ruhlin
will remain on the ground all the time,
and Jeffries will pass ' the weeks and
months before the meeting at one or more
springs. \
PUGILIST GUB RUHLIN, THE AK
RON' GIANT, IN ' HIS 'NATURAL
FIGHTING POSITION. ; ff
RUHLIN IS OVERJOYED ATT CHANGE
TO MEET CHAMPION JIM JEFFRIES
Akron Giant Is in Good Physical Conclition and Will Remain Here
Until the Fight Takes Place.; ||fi;li
24
PLAYER.
Itf I i rill
¦ ' ' '• ? ST ?* — * <?
_ ¦' M.r_L-r * i " i " i ¦ i ¦ i • i • i '
Courtney ......T. S3 321 54 108 E 6 14 5 13 .336
Athertoa 4 15 2 5 1 0 1 2 0 .533
Householder S2 342 53 109 6 7 2S 7 8 .31S
goj'le -77 325 40 86 1 2 11 7 15.293
5?"*. -..•11143 22 42 0 0 6 13 10.293
Hlldebrand v.. 85 339 53 9S 1 2 IS 17 13 '8*
Strelb „... s>« 327 39 92 1 1 15 3 15.281
Sullivan *... S32 3 90020 0 .281
Pabst 90 333 49 93 4 3 20 12 16.279
Schwartz j. S8 1335 52 91 1 3 111120.271
Devereaux ., S3 330 68 88 2 1 16 7 40.266
Eagan 17 40 2 0 6 3 5.261
McLaujhlin .., S3 334 54 87 1 6 12 S 31 .260
Stanley 73 255 27 65 2 2 7 13 9 .251
Lohman J 82 257 38 65 1 2 15 1113.252
Krugr — ; 90 367 49 90 7 2 20 5 14.245
Hutchinaon 77 274 43 67 4 2 10 10 15.244
C Rellly 812S5 37 69 0 116 1112.242
Drennan ..... 86 324 44 78 2 1 9 7 27.240
Stricklett .„ 60 207 27 48 4 6 8 4 7.231
Brockhoff .* .... 74 2S5 51 68 0 0 8 2 16.230
Francks . S2 293 44 67 4 1 14 12 26 .22S
Hanlcn .. 75 295 46 67 5 3 14 4 22.227
Nordyke .... SI 2S2 37 64 6 3 16 9 16.227
Bowman S2 291 20 66 3 4 1110 14.226
Kelly _ .....82 300 31 GS 3 4 14 20 13.226
Dunleavy 78 286 46 64 2 4 14 8 22.223
Graham .._ S2 278 20 62 1 D \6 10 13 .223
McGucken 77 312 32 69 0 0 10 11 8.221
Mosklman \ 62 197 18 43 1 6 7 5 7.218
Evans ..._ 28 34 7 21 1 0 3 4 1 .212
Arrellanes 87 335 39 71 3 7 9 116.211
Ppies 82 312 33 64 0 1 13 8 20 .205
Held-.. — ,.. 30 S3 13 18 2 0 3 2 2.193
Sheehan S3 298 34 57 0 112 1111.191
Harfvell 24 82 7 15 0 1 0 1 0 .183
Carter ..* 10 23 3 4 0 0 0 1 0.174
Moore ..- 66 22S IS 39 0 0 6 3 5.171
Babbitt _ 56 155 21 26 'O 2 3 9 11.167
Cro!l , 64 239 29 39 1 0 7 1 4.163
J. Rellly ; 88 325 21 51 1 1 9 3 8.157
Hodson - i 16 45 3 7 0 0 0 1 0.155
Jones ..- 35 113 6 18 0 1 2 3 2.151
Briseno _ 21 73 6 10 0 0 2 1 2 .137
Whalen _ 30998 13 000 4 1 .131
McCarthy ..• 12 40 1 -5 0 0 0 0 2 .125
Johnson 24 70 7 800232 .114
Iburg 35 107 6 12 0 1 1 4 4 .US
Hale 26 84 1 9 0 0 11 0.107
Thomas 13 42 3 2 10 0 0 2 .047
• .-.':¦¦ ¦¦¦-•; a > at
..:--.- 3 a S3
| CLUB. ! ' " •" S S
— : — _ i — i. — ! : — ' — l.|_i_
Sacramento- S3 2S74 712 .247
U>a Anselee 82 2748 634H.230
San Francisco..... 90 3003 C33 .227
Oakland. 87 2812 611 |.217
C J sr - ? ? ?
** 2. c 2
o ¦ ¦¦ -S £ g-
club. e. : .: 2 e-
: "~ : p «
: : ¦ • a o
r • : a
' ' . n ;
¦ ;?-: ;- - • ¦ ! •
Los Angeles 2243 1030 198 3471 .942
Sacramento 2205 1043 203 3451 .941
Ban Francisco 2297 1196 240 3733 .935
Dakland ..j 2346 1183 262 3797 .931
a 1 > I k .
P C * -1 *
3«- m "i i
° ST ° ra
First Base—
Strelb 52 496 11 8 .984
Eagan 14 229 2 4 .983
Decker 12 102 5 2 .SSI
Hanlon 75 748 35 17 .978
Hutchlnson 73 825 13 17 .868
Fabst 82 850 38 24 .963
Second Base-
Courtney 73 203 .227 24 .947
Reltz i 38 109 103 12 .946
Schwartz 81 169 254 45 .944
Arrellanes 81 194 250 48 .910
Brockoff 18 67 40 15 .870
Third Base—
J. Reilly 81 164 195 27 .933
Eagan 16 20 32 5 .912
C. Rellly 78 118 189 34 .893
Sheehan 74 99 159 33 .8S6
Moore 62 46 155 39 .837
Shortstop —
Francks 78 215 240 60 .909
KeSly 79 157 278 47 .902
Krag 82 201 £58 65 .883
Devereaux 76 152 206 62 .852
Fielders —
Croll 60 117 9 4 .563
Bowman 78 174 15 6 .969
Doyle 57 24 4 1 .965
Drennan 81 174 18 8 .960
Held 26 39 1 2 .952
Hlldebrand 80 176 14 10 .95>
Dunleavy 65 127 14 8 .SS8
Streib 35 69 8 5 .937
Nordyke £6 109 14 12 .933
Householder 79 143 19 16 .910
Brockhoff 55 74 11 0 .904
McGucken 74 144 15 11 .901
McLaughlln :... 77 150 16 7 .901
Stricklett. 27 40 3 5 .R93
Mosklman 22 27 4 4 .853
NAME.
Q
3
It !
I I a
03 . '
29 "iT~
n 7i 5
4 47 3
20 54 3
19 71 .5
4 24 1
13 63 5
20 53 5
4 27 1
6 J8 " 1
6 43 4
8 46 4
1 54 6
E
01
(1 •
Mosklman
Iburg
Evans
Doyle
Stricklett
Thomas >.. .*..
Whalen
Babbitt -.
Hodson
Johnson
Hartwell
Hale
Jones
38
32
23
23
34
12
30
s
17
20
25
34
1
5
3
2
4
6
1
2
5 :
7
6
.957
.84^
.912
.911
.803
.901
.883
.881
.879
.853
.845
.839
.823
NAME.
i
o
I
\
I i
If
Spies T.. 79 - 434 94 8
Stanley 71 331 69 .8
Lohman • 77 286 105 25
Graham 80 212 87 25
12 .961
13 .950
12 .911
17. .847
PLAYER.
Itf I i rill
¦ ' ' '• ? ST ?* — * <?
_ ¦' M.r_L-r * i " i " i ¦ i ¦ i • i • i '
Courtney ......T. S3 321 54 108 E 6 14 5 13 .336
Athertoa 4 15 2 5 1 0 1 2 0 .533
Householder S2 342 53 109 6 7 2S 7 8 .31S
goj'le -77 325 40 86 1 2 11 7 15.293
5?"*. -..•11143 22 42 0 0 6 13 10.293
Hlldebrand v.. 85 339 53 9S 1 2 IS 17 13 '8*
Strelb „... s>« 327 39 92 1 1 15 3 15.281
Sullivan *... S32 3 90020 0 .281
Pabst 90 333 49 93 4 3 20 12 16.279
Schwartz j. S8 1335 52 91 1 3 111120.271
Devereaux ., S3 330 68 88 2 1 16 7 40.266
Eagan 17 40 2 0 6 3 5.261
McLaujhlin .., S3 334 54 87 1 6 12 S 31 .260
Stanley 73 255 27 65 2 2 7 13 9 .251
Lohman J 82 257 38 65 1 2 15 1113.252
Krugr — ; 90 367 49 90 7 2 20 5 14.245
Hutchinaon 77 274 43 67 4 2 10 10 15.244
C Rellly 812S5 37 69 0 116 1112.242
Drennan ..... 86 324 44 78 2 1 9 7 27.240
Stricklett .„ 60 207 27 48 4 6 8 4 7.231
Brockhoff .* .... 74 2S5 51 68 0 0 8 2 16.230
Francks . S2 293 44 67 4 1 14 12 26 .22S
Hanlcn .. 75 295 46 67 5 3 14 4 22.227
Nordyke .... SI 2S2 37 64 6 3 16 9 16.227
Bowman S2 291 20 66 3 4 1110 14.226
Kelly _ .....82 300 31 GS 3 4 14 20 13.226
Dunleavy 78 286 46 64 2 4 14 8 22.223
Graham .._ S2 278 20 62 1 D \6 10 13 .223
McGucken 77 312 32 69 0 0 10 11 8.221
Mosklman \ 62 197 18 43 1 6 7 5 7.218
Evans ..._ 28 34 7 21 1 0 3 4 1 .212
Arrellanes 87 335 39 71 3 7 9 116.211
Ppies 82 312 33 64 0 1 13 8 20 .205
Held-.. — ,.. 30 S3 13 18 2 0 3 2 2.193
Sheehan S3 298 34 57 0 112 1111.191
Harfvell 24 82 7 15 0 1 0 1 0 .183
Carter ..* 10 23 3 4 0 0 0 1 0.174
Moore ..- 66 22S IS 39 0 0 6 3 5.171
Babbitt _ 56 155 21 26 'O 2 3 9 11.167
Cro!l , 64 239 29 39 1 0 7 1 4.163
J. Rellly ; 88 325 21 51 1 1 9 3 8.157
Hodson - i 16 45 3 7 0 0 0 1 0.155
Jones ..- 35 113 6 18 0 1 2 3 2.151
Briseno _ 21 73 6 10 0 0 2 1 2 .137
Whalen _ 30998 13 000 4 1 .131
McCarthy ..• 12 40 1 -5 0 0 0 0 2 .125
Johnson 24 70 7 800232 .114
Iburg 35 107 6 12 0 1 1 4 4 .US
Hale 26 84 1 9 0 0 11 0.107
Thomas 13 42 3 2 10 0 0 2 .047
• .-.':¦¦ ¦¦¦-•; a > at
..:--.- 3 a S3
| CLUB. ! ' " •" S S
— : — _ i — i. — ! : — ' — l.|_i_
Sacramento- S3 2S74 712 .247
U>a Anselee 82 2748 634H.230
San Francisco..... 90 3003 C33 .227
Oakland. 87 2812 611 |.217
C J sr - ? ? ?
** 2. c 2
o ¦ ¦¦ -S £ g-
club. e. : .: 2 e-
: "~ : p «
: : ¦ • a o
r • : a
' ' . n ;
¦ ;?-: ;- - • ¦ ! •
Los Angeles 2243 1030 198 3471 .942
Sacramento 2205 1043 203 3451 .941
Ban Francisco 2297 1196 240 3733 .935
Dakland ..j 2346 1183 262 3797 .931
a 1 > I k .
P C * -1 *
3«- m "i i
° ST ° ra
First Base—
Strelb 52 496 11 8 .984
Eagan 14 229 2 4 .983
Decker 12 102 5 2 .SSI
Hanlon 75 748 35 17 .978
Hutchlnson 73 825 13 17 .868
Fabst 82 850 38 24 .963
Second Base-
Courtney 73 203 .227 24 .947
Reltz i 38 109 103 12 .946
Schwartz 81 169 254 45 .944
Arrellanes 81 194 250 48 .910
Brockoff 18 67 40 15 .870
Third Base—
J. Reilly 81 164 195 27 .933
Eagan 16 20 32 5 .912
C. Rellly 78 118 189 34 .893
Sheehan 74 99 159 33 .8S6
Moore 62 46 155 39 .837
Shortstop —
Francks 78 215 240 60 .909
KeSly 79 157 278 47 .902
Krag 82 201 £58 65 .883
Devereaux 76 152 206 62 .852
Fielders —
Croll 60 117 9 4 .563
Bowman 78 174 15 6 .969
Doyle 57 24 4 1 .965
Drennan 81 174 18 8 .960
Held 26 39 1 2 .952
Hlldebrand 80 176 14 10 .95>
Dunleavy 65 127 14 8 .SS8
Streib 35 69 8 5 .937
Nordyke £6 109 14 12 .933
Householder 79 143 19 16 .910
Brockhoff 55 74 11 0 .904
McGucken 74 144 15 11 .901
McLaughlln :... 77 150 16 7 .901
Stricklett. 27 40 3 5 .R93
Mosklman 22 27 4 4 .853
NAME.
Q
3
It !
I I a
03 . '
29 "iT~
n 7i 5
4 47 3
20 54 3
19 71 .5
4 24 1
13 63 5
20 53 5
4 27 1
6 J8 " 1
6 43 4
8 46 4
1 54 6
E
01
(1 •
Mosklman
Iburg
Evans
Doyle
Stricklett
Thomas >.. .*..
Whalen
Babbitt -.
Hodson
Johnson
Hartwell
Hale
Jones
38
32
23
23
34
12
30
s
17
20
25
34
1
5
3
2
4
6
1
2
5 :
7
6
.957
.84^
.912
.911
.803
.901
.883
.881
.879
.853
.845
.839
.823
NAME.
i
o
I
\
I i
If
Spies T.. 79 - 434 94 8
Stanley 71 331 69 .8
Lohman • 77 286 105 25
Graham 80 212 87 25
12 .961
13 .950
12 .911
17. .847
'¦ iffl&^B» The success °* lDStitntion dates tiaci oyer twenty i
>^PllPf years. It has cured over 20,000 patients and is recog. |
J^dSmS* nize(1 as tlie most adYanc ed institution on the coast. I
A WO«D TO AILING MEN. ™* Methods Used by Dr. Meyers & Co! |
Before a disease can be successfully bVoth^physlcliii"'"^^? 1 thoa« used K
treated. It must be successfully diagnosed, distinguished for their qufck'aiuniealthful M
The physician who attempts to cure a man effect, for their absence of pain and surgi-
without a precise understanding of the dls- ca ' employments, for their ' thorough and
easp. a wide experience. • and a knowledge Permanent cures. «nd for their enlivenment Ej
of the exact remedies to en,p,oy. will not &<&¦££- SF££?&&2'Sir£ |
only fail in his undertaking, but he may pensive equipments which are not neces- !
cause his innocent patient years of suffer- sary in a cure, but which have been se-
ing. or perhaps may ruin him for life, j Of cured because they add in a small .way to £1
all diseases. - the ailments of men are the "?« 5peed an 2 P e "° n al comfort of patients. §§
most susceptible to mistreatment, and the No aSo^t Sf*iJi!? a ?h^L £ equl P. ment ; §9
most responsive to right treatment. V f° *^ % °V a ft^ % ""* * ***P.^dered «
B Dr. Meyers & Co. cure, because they un- 2^*5^ £?£„£! ? S J" ,"** smallcat w a* U
derstand. Not only have these physicians l 111 ainn^men ar^Tnvlt^ ?« «. n tw U
devoted their lives to the study of men's M tyer3 & Co^ fake nleYsurf In fon« uP 1 "' $
diseases, but they have added to their In- mJ Ixtenrtin^ tK^, «£,?£• <^« «»^{JMlUa* ¦
Btltution the most recent and modern ap- 5^ to S*SSi ft^-i.^" 0
pliances. . they have treated thousands of ™ e Jt l c ° a £'. 7 m !5^ nWe " tnm what " E
cases of every possible state and condition, ever caus f" ™? y * e - * fs
they are all able to recognize the precise IF YOU CANNOT CALL -- fi
nature of any ailment, and by their long write fully In confidence, and Dr Meyers R
experience they are familiar with curative wm aen(i you free ta a plain sealed #n H
agencies and methods that are unknown to velope full particulars of their home cures SJ
any other physicians In the West ;. now bein- successfully used by hundreds R
. .Many of the cases that are sent to Dr. of ailln* men throuchout the country fci
Meyers & Co. are in the last and most com- Consultation Free. Payment arranged to t4
plicated . stages, sometimes the result of su it patient. 5ea xo H
- personal neglect, oftentimes the result of ... .,„.... ¦ ., _„ *£*
."ill-treatment by a family physician, or so- ALL UIMAdLS Or MEN *3
called Eaeciallst. ¦ Had these same cases Receive the personal and most careful at- CT
' been treated in the flrst place by the mod- tentlon of these physicians— private dis- >tH
5 era method of Dr. Meyers & Co., a few eases, stricture, rupture, varlcocele loss of m.h\
days would have placed them well along vitality, nervous debility, weakness' and all T3
> the road to robust and perfect health. - disorders of men. y
;DR; MEYERS &.CO., 731 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. I
\ HOURS— Dally, J to 12 and . 1 to , 4; Evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11. >S
'15I!!lri('lLflJ!lliJtt^MifflMI!MEBfiHMfflOI!lB^MBMBBMfl ¦ - ' . - ¦ ....
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Like a
Meteor
I Plasritng across the sky — tho
L.aliiornia j
\ Limited I
j . • * .* — " t . ~ > *. ¦>/ ¦
' as it rushes across the conti-. i
Inent to Chicago. Leaves San
Francisco 9 a.m. Monday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday j
and Sunday on the 1
Santa Ee I
i Touring
l i/easoh^g
enjoyed best when >•<
. mounted on a
CLEVELAND-^
BICYCLE. .
640 and 650 ~
." Coaster Hub Brakes •"S
JS.tW extra. •?-a^'
Leavittft Bill
309 L/arkih SU
r% , * . <iiC Sai\ Francisco
San Jo jq^VgyQ XLE* \ A•; , It takes longer to brins a * carbuncle to
a head than it does to forget a favor.
- The . monocles is ~ frequently sneered -at,'
.butsome of the sneerers^mlght. get along
betterjf they were to' stop at one glass. v
-.-.'_¦'"-¦ ."--¦ ¦ -" - -
- Spending a dollar before it is earned Is
like eating to-day the egg- that Is to be
laid to-morrow. , ....
, -A road is being built in the high Alps,
which passes the - great St. Bernard and
also the hospice of that name.- This great
engineering feat i. ! will be J finished - and
opened to traffic In July of 'next 'year.- ;
To' brew a barrel of lager, beer," one and
one-half : bushels of. malt >. are used; to
brew . a barrel of ale, four and ' one-half
bushels of malt ' are " required. . ~
Then they go on to famous men whose
names begin with the letter "B."— Plain
Dealer.
Funeral of M. T. Holcomb.
OAKLAND,: Aug. 17.— The funeral ser
vices of the late Myron T. Hoi comb were
conducted by. the Rev. Dr. Dille at" the
late residence ".this afternoon. .Many: pio
neer residents : of , the, city., were in attend
ance. The -pallbearers '-. were C . W. Kin
sey, J. Miller.' E. - G.' Finch, J L. N. : Grosse,
L. G.Burpee and; B.'< 'Booth.
OAKLAND, Aug. . 17.— Miss Katherine
Felton declines to state whether she will
accept the position of registrar^ recently
tendered her by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco. -Miss Felton at present
holds a similar post with the Oakland As
sociation and will in a measure abide by
their decision: in. the matter.
Charity Expert May Stay.
BERKELEY, Aug. 17.— Arthur Randall,
who was arrested yesterday on a charge
of assault to commit murder on , C. J.
Bruschke. manager of the California Fur
niture Manufacturing Company, was ar
raigned before Justice Edgar to-day and
his preliminary examination set for next
Saturday at 10 o'clock. Randall's arrest
¦was on a felony charge and if held to an
swer his case will have to go before the
Superior Court. ,
Randall Arraigned.
..The -royal custom .of speaking of "my
army," "my battlesh-'p,'.' etc.', does not
fit at "Washington and.the President very
neatly;, straightened tthe phraseology. —
Buffalo Commercial.
"I thank you for your kind appreciation
of this Government's action in sending the
Brooklyn to Melbourne." .
The force of habit was illustrated In
the Duke of . Cornwall's telegram from
Melbourne to President McKinley. It
read: ¦ • ¦ • -
"I thank you, sir. for sending- your fine
cruiser, the Brooklyn, to Australia." > |
The'Presidentanswered: \
McKinley's Lesson to', the Duke
BERKELEY, Aug. 17.— Harry B.. Tor
rey, a graduate of the University of Cali
fornia and a f ornrer instructor there, has
returned to his alma mater to become a
member of the zoological department. He
has been taking post graduate work at
Columbia for the last two years and dur
ing this summer was with the State Uni
versity marine biological staff at San Pe
dro. Torrey was a prominent athlete nrior
to his graduation from Berkeley in 1895.
Returns to Alma Mater.
I OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— The Reliance Club
announces ; as the leading attraction for
its . boxing tournament Tuesday night a
bout . between -. "Kid" McKadden and
George Baker. Baker has proved to the
satisfaction of -the patrons of ' the Re
liance Club's events that he is one of the
cleverest ring tacticians ever : seen ¦ here.
His backers fear that he has taken ¦ off
too much weight to meet : McFadden,
whose .rushing abilities are well known.
McFadden, on the other hand, is fighting
at < his own weight and is favorite in the
e Dave" Berry* 'arid Frank Nichols will
meet ' in a; ten-round go 1 at 158 pounds.
Both are well recommended: .- -
I Much local interest is shown in the six
round bout between Louie Long of Oak
land and '."Brick" Howard of San Fran
cisco. ; Both boys have trained earnestly
f or , the . event.
for Next Tuesday
Night.
Wo Fake Fights on the List of Events
GOOD CARD OFFERED AT
BELIAJSTCTE CLTJB BOXING
¦• She never ¦ saw her husband- again • ana
came to California in the expectation that
he had j left ' her, as ¦ his widow, - consider
able prbperty7 : _______ ;i __ *'¦ V :
The Williamses '¦• were married in San
Francisco in 1872. The next year she went
to Boston, i, as she states, to , escape the
San -Francisco' climate. • ;
'The copies of the deed involved in' the
Recorder's office purport to show that on
January 28, 1901," Sarah D. Williams by H.
G. Williams, her attorney in fact, sold the
lot to Charles W.Stdne for $5. Two other
deeds filed the same day transfer the prop
erty from ' Charles W. Stone to ' Williams
and from Williams to Redfield W. Stone.
On June 8 last it was deeded again to Laz
arus. ¦ ¦'¦ : '* t -; ':¦:¦ "•¦"'•.-¦'•-¦•'-¦¦•;. - ; - .- •'¦• ¦ : - "•' .:¦•"•-¦ ¦"
She now accuses her former husband of
using her name without' her knowledge or
permission to transfer the property which
she claims to have v owned -since-. 1893 - to
Charles ' W. - Stone in • order that' Stone
might immediately reconvey it to Wil
liams. .This, Mrs. Williams says,. was done
in January, 1901. Having thus , secured a
title to the property, she says, Williams
sold it the same day to Redfleld W. Stone
in consideration of Stone's agreement; to
pay Williams $?6 a month during the rest
of Ms life. Later ¦ on - Stone ; transferred,
the lot to Lazaruson the same terms.
4 Mrs. Williams asks the court to set aside
the whole transaction, as fraudulent and
to order an : accounting by the defendant.
Lazarus and . Stone had , a petition be
fore the Probate Court asking that they
should be declared the owners of the lot,
when Mrs. -Williams suddenly appeared on
the scene. She was dumfounded at the
condition of Williams' estate, as she sup
posed that the disputed property was in
her name. She was also astonished to find
that: the late 'captain had obtained a di
vorce from her and had remarried.;.
Mrs. Sarah D. Williams, who came from
Boston to fight the attempt of certain
claimants to have awarded to them the
property of her I former husband, \ Captain
H. G. Williams, has begun action by suing
Louis Lazarus to quiet title to realty
of which she .accuses Charles W. and R^(l
field W. Stone and Captain WiUiams of de
frauding her...
The deed to the property, a lot on Thir
teenth street. nearSWest, Is held by the
Court Commissioner pending' the; settle
ment of its rightful ownership. • V Y.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
_,<L118 Broadway, Aug. 17.
Mr. Morosco has been a sort of Santa
Claus for the West Oakland Home for
Children for ten years. When he came
to Oakland to" live he became interested
in that institution. He found it conducted
by ladies entirely, who were doing a most
worthy work with very little outside help.
So he began to take a very active inter
est in its affairs and every summer for
ten years he has taken the entire lot of
orphans out.. to his home and supplied
them with everything that they needed to
have a royal good time.
This morning Mr. Morosco sent half a
dozen six-horse 'buses to the home and
took 105 children out to his place. He had
provided pony rides and all kinds of
games for them and a jolly lunch was
given them -under the trees.- After the
lunch every one of the children was given
a bag that was filled to the brim with
good things, candy, cake,* fruit and nuts,
and the.bags were not very small.
Every year Mr. Morosco - furnishes the
entire home with a complete Thanksgiv
ing dinner and every Christmas he gives
them a Christmas tree with all kinds of
presents for the little ones. :¦
Among the adults who partook of Mr.
Morosco's hospitality' to-day and who
watched the children' enjoy their; out
ing were Mr. and Mrs. U. G. Bair, Mr.
Hush, Mrs. Walter Masree. Mrs. Fellows,
Mrs. Lyons. Mrs. Wolf, Mrs. Kirk. Mrs.
Richards. Mrs. Varney, . Mrs. Jackson,
Miss Ne'lie Jackson. Miss Dolly Jack«on.
Arthur Dawson. Mr. - Masters, Mr. Fel
lows, Mr. Ntrti'Mson and. others.
- The little inmates of the< West Oakland
Home for Orphan Children were given a
day in the hills 'on the wonderful moun
tain-side ranch of Walter Morosco to-day.
The entire day was spent by more than
a hundred little ones and half as. many
adults roaming over one of the most mag
nificent suburban estates on this side of
the bayi ¦ Mr. Morosco taking the little
visitors out and back and supplying them
with every manner of good things, both
for amusement and for eating. .; -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 17.
The boys were caught at the corner of
Thirty-first and Grove streets this morn
ing at 3 o'clock by Special Policeman Jack
Robinson. Robinson noticed the boys
carrying a large advertising mirror be
tween them, and after watching them for
a while placed them under arrest and
sent them to the City Hall. They were
put on the small book and this afternoon
were booked as T. W. Rowland and B.
T. Mackey, both of which are assumed
names, and charged 'with larceny. They
were released upon $100 bonds given by A.
Jacobs and M. Coakley. -
The mirror that the boys were carrying
is a large plate-glass affair taken from
in front of J. L. Champlin's shoe store in
the Macdonough building. While the mir
ror probably cost considerable money as
an advertisement it was worthless to the
boys except as a trophy of their prowess
in stealing signs. The glass is said to
have, cost $35 to have made and an adver
tisement of Mr. ' Champlin's shoe business
is . ground into the glass.
The theft is said to be the result of the
fad that has grown up in Berkeley of
filling the rooms of the students with
stolen signs. The more difficult it is to
secure a sign the greater the prize. The
two students in question are furnishing
their rooms in the university town and
they wanted something that would eclipse
everything else in the stolen sign line in
Berkeley. They selected the Champlin
glass sign and came to Oakland last
night. After- midnight they went to work
and succeeded in unscrewing the sign
from the front of the building, and tak
ing it under their arms they, started to
walk to Berkeley with it. Special Robin
son spoiled their nearly successful game
The boys Intended to place it in their
rooms as an evidence of their superior
ability to steal signs, but "they will now
have to answer in court. The police be
lieve that they have solved the secret of
the -disappearance of hundreds of signs
that have been* stolen. from many places
of business in Oakland -in. the last few
years. > .
Just because two university students
carried the E university fad of stealing
signs to excess they are booked at the
City Prison for larceny and stand a good
chance, of having to pay a' right round
fine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 17.
Francis "YVyber from Albert C. Wyber: Ora
B. Rising from Franklin G. Rising; Minnie
Berwick from Frederick Berwick.
Theodore Lange has been ordered to pay
his divorced wife $12 a month alimony.
Lange is a butcher, and to prove that his
wife has no interest In the shop, which
stands In his name, his son was called to
testify that he was the real owner of the
property and deeded it away when he was
married recently to prevent his own wife
from having any claim upon it. The court
exempted the shop from the claims of
the elder Mrs. Lange.
The following divorces were granted
to-day:
They were divorced In Madera County,
March 8, 1900. By March 12 they had
decided they could not live apart, had
made up their differences, gone to Reno
and been Joined in supposed lawful wed
lock by the Rev. B. F. Hudelson. \ Later
on the old coldness sprang up and Mrs.
.Wilson avails herself of a Superior Court
decision to ask that " the marriage -be
annulled.
The couple were married in 1876 and
have lived in California for the last
twenty years.
Divorced in March, 1900. after twenty
four years of wedded life, Mary C. and
John L. Wilson went at once to Reno to
be re-married and now Mrs. Wilson again
wishes the union dissolved. She says she
has found it is illegal and asks the court
to declare it null and void.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, August 17. -
Former "Wife of Captain
Williams Says £Ie
Robbed Her.
Inmates of the West
lOakland Home Are
-Entertained.
"Yes'm," stammered the clerk, "except
<=r-the pair I'm wearing."— Philadelphia
Press.
"Are you sure," she persisted. leaning
over the counter, "there are none there
I haven't seen?"
"Have you nothing elsei" inquired Mrs.
Schoppen, who was looking at halfhose
fcr her husband.
"No, ma'am," replied the clerk. "I've
shown you every pair in stock." '
Wife Wedded in Nevada
Wants Divorce Put
Into Effect.
The district upon which an increase in
taxes is proposed is bounded on the north
by Le Roy avenue and Cedar street, on
the west by Oxford street and on the
east by the town. line. It extends down
Center i street to Grove and takes in the
property east- of Grove street from
Dwlght way on the south to Telegraph
avenue ; on the east and the university
grounds on the north. This portion of
town contains the finest residences in the
city and is a part which is rapidly build
ing up. " ". •
The average value of the property is
estimated at $30 a front foot. A general
raise of 10. per cent was made in assess
ments this year J over those of last year
by. Town Assessor Wells. • This j increase
is not deemed, sufficient by the board and
a raise of from 15 to 25 per cent additional
is proposed. : . "¦ ' ~ : - .
The town is under a 75 cent tax limit,
which the Trustees- claim Is insufficient
to run the city government. If • the pro
posed, increase is carried througl» % several
thousand dollars will be, added* to ' the
city's revenues.. , .. ¦¦ * ' ; -. . .
BERKELEY, Aug. 17.— A sweeping raise
in the tax assessment throughout the ex
clusive' residence district surrounding the
university grounds has been proposed by
the Town Trustees acting as a Board of
Equalization. Between 1500 and 2000 no
tices are being sent to property owners
ordering them to appear before the 'board
to show cause why their ¦ assessments
should .not be ¦ raised. I ¦."
They Start to Take It to
Berkeley and Are
Caught. ,
DAY'S OUTING
FOR ORPHANS
Two Thousand Property
Owners Affected in
Berkeley.''
REGRETS HASTY
RENO MARRIAGE
STUDENTS STEAL
A GLASS SIGN
MEMBERS OF SUB-COMMIT
' TEES APPOINTED TO HELP
ARRANGE HOME BENEFIT,
XEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The German j
steamer Alene, now running in the Atlas j
branch of the Hamburg-American line,
ran down and sank the pilot boat James
Gordon Bennett No. 7, this afternoon and
drowned three pilots and the cook of the
Bennett. The names Of those who lost
their lives are:
PILOT HENRY MIX of Stapleton. S. I.
PILOT JOHN GODBOY of Brooklyn.
PILOT JOHN LEONARD of Brooklyn.
COOK JOHN GRUBE of Stapleton, S. I;.
The bodies of Mix and Godboy were
recovered.
The accident occurred near the Scotland
Light Ship, while the pilot boat was lying
hove-to on Sandy Hook bar, about - ten
miles east of Sandy Hook- When the
Alene struck the pilot boat the weather
was clear. The survivors say the Ger
man liner came bearing down upon their
vessel and they were unable to avoid her.
The whole thing happened so quickly and
unexpectedly that they were floating in
the water before they realized what had
happened. The big steamer struck the
boat abaft the rigging on the starboard
side, going through like a knife and cut
ting her in two. * \1;~-
Three Pilots and a Cook
Drowned at Scot
land Light.
PROPOSE RAISING
TAX ASSESSMENT
present location. There were a half-dozen
sisters that took the work in charge, and
they had about as many inmates. There
are now ten sisters carrying on the work
and there are- sixty inmates. These are
not.~connned to. the., Catnolic -.faith alone.
.When this benefit concert -was proposed
a committee was appointed by Archbishop
Riordan, ; consisting of the Rev. Father
Thomas . McSweeney of St. i Francis de
Sales Church as chairman. "" and Father
Lawrence Serda ; of = the- Sacred Heart
Church and Father Foley. These have se
lected ." sub-committees :. from " each parish
on this side of. the bay, as follows: .
: St. ' Anthony' s^-Mlss Moffett, Mrs. Hogan,
Mrs. Kirk, Mrs.- Ellis. . ¦-;'» ¦ ¦ . .
I St. Francis de Sales'— Mrs. M. Merrlck. Mrs.
NV Gallagher, Mrs. Fogarty, Miss M. -Flteger-
Everybody names a famous man whose
name begins with "A." and the person
who names the least famous one has to
pay the penalty, which may be a cigar or
a box of candjf or a bunch of flowers or a
pair of gloves or a drink, or anything like
that. «.:¦¦': :¦-.' ¦¦¦-:
An Instructive Game.
Here is a clever little game 1 which a
Cleveland lady. says she recently enjoyed
during a visit in Washington. It Is called
the "Alphabet of Celebrities," and is very
simple:
¦ It can be played anywhere for anything
The method of procedure is this: When
two or more persons are gathered to
gether somebody asks. "Now, what fam
ous man's name begins ' with the let
ter A?"
St. - Joseph's. Berkeley— Mrs. A. Brennan.
Miss M. Curtis. Mrs. N. Mclaughlin. Miss M.
Cunan. Miss Meally. Miss Mary McDonald.
Mrs. E. Kennedy, Miss K. Magee, Mrs. Hig
gins, Miss Gallagher.
Sacred Heart— Mrs. S. D. Sullivan. Mrs. K."
McDonald. Mrs. M. Gallant, Mrs. T. GIbney.
Miss J. MHlen. Mrs. Clark. Mrs.E. Carey.
St. Columbia's. Golden Gate— Miss J. Fala
deau, Mrs. William Carey.
aid. Miss M. Gallagher. Misa Keller. Miss J.
McLaren, Miss M. Milton, Mrs. McGinnes. Misa
Porter.
Immaculate Conception— Miss D. Claire. Ml«9
M. Connor. Mi3s E. White. Miss M. McDonald.
Miss S. Kelly, Miss Moran. Miss H. Cushing.
Mrs. Lynch.
St. Patrick's— Mrs. Madden. Mrs. Pressy,
Miss Agnes Farrell. Miss McNamee, Miss Mul
lin. Miss Spear. Miss Flynn. Miss Long. Mrs.
Lavalies, Mrs. Hays. Miss Maloney.
All through her marital troubles the
young wife had the silent sympathy of
Callaghan Byrne, who had long before
realized that his first love was his only
one. Finally, after long years of separa
tion, Byrne and Hope Ellis Sherwood
met at Governor Gage's inaugural ball.
It was not long before the estranged pair
were recalling old memories and the re
newal of the old ties followed easily and
naturally. On the 29th of January the en
gagement was announced and two weeks
later, on Mardi Gras, '99, the wedding was
solemnized in the presence of but a few
intimate friends in the apartments of the
bride's father, W..T. Ellis, at the Palace
Hotel. Everything pointed to a happy
union. . But the love that lived, through
years of separation could not stand the
many trials of matrimony and soon Byrne
and the lady from Marysvllle will be free
once more to go their several ways.
Sherwood proved to be anything but a
faithful spouse and his young wife • was
soon forced to appeal to the law to rid
herself of her hated bonds. One child was
the result of the union. ......
her consequent 1 inability to serve her
friend.
SOCIETY COUPLE WHO MAY
SOON BE SEPARATED BY DI
VORCE COURT.
STEAMER RUNS
THROUGH BOAT
CITY TRUSTEES ACCEDE
TO DIRECTORS' WISHES
Bond Question Will Come Before the
People on Proposition to Vote
$100,000.
AT/AMEDA. Aug. 17.— The City Trustees
decided at their committee meeting last
night to accede to the wishes of the
School Directors In the school bond mat
ter. It Is the desire of the School Di
rectors to be allowed to present the bond
question to the people as one proposition
for $100,000. instead of having the plan to
PBpropriate $65,000 for a Tiigh school build
ing and lot appear as a separate matter.
As the School Directors have provided
for the expenditure of the money in ac
cordance with a set plan the City Trustees
agreed it was proper to give what was
asked. It is proposed to spend $65,000- «m
the high school building and the balance
of the $100,000 on improvements to the
Haight and Wilson schools.
It happened at Del Monte during the
fashionable "shoot" period. Miss Ellis 111
those days was addicted .to decollete
gowns. Mr. Byrne objected to his fiancee's
wearing too little dress. The couple
! quarreled and the betrothal was broken
i off. Mlgs Ellis went back to her home in
I Marysville and one day surprised her
friends by announcing her marriage to
i Bert Sherwood, the divorced husband of
beautiful Miss Blethen.
The knowledge of Miss Ellis* wedding
to voung Sherwood was a great surprise
to her many friends. The lady was to
have been one of the bridesmaids at the
i wedding of Miss Eleanor Dimond and
I Paul Jarboe, but on the very day of the
! wedding Miss Dimond received a telegram
[from the lady in Marysvllle announcing
'her marriage to Sherwood and declaring
Now these friends of "the unhappy
couple declare that the husband made
several unsuccessful attempts at reconcili
ation and with this object in view made
many trips to Marysvllle. However, his
negotiations for peace fell through, and
now it is rumored he- will not oppose the
suit •which doubtless will be disposed of
In a few days by the Yuba County Judge.
; On the 14th of February, 1899. Hope
Ellis Sherwood and Callaghan Byrne were
married. The happy pair had faced matri
mony early in '92, but a lovers' quarrel
brought the engagement at that period to
a sudden termination.
The news that Mrs. Byrne was obliged
to appeal to the courts to make her once
again a free -woman came rather as a sur
prise to her husband's many friends. The
friend6 of the lady got their surprise when
shortly after the honeymoon days the
fair young wife left her husband's roof to
seek the protection of her father's home
In Marysville. The gossips at that period ¦
had a merry time discussing the possibili
ties of Mrs. Byrne's second appearance in
the divorce courts. However, persistent
denials of an approaching legal separation
of the ill-mated couple finally served to
silence all tongues and the Inquisitive
friends of the Byrnes were forced to turn
their attention to other affairs. ;. •
of Yuba County at Marysvllle
In which she charges her husband, Calla
ghan Byrne, with desertion and failure to
provide for herself and child. . In the com
plaint she prays that she be awarded the"
custody of her phild, William Ellis Byrne,
together with a reasonable allowance for
costs of action and counsel fees.
MRS. HOPE SHERWOOD
BYRNE is again a plaintiff in a
divorce suit.. She has 1 filed a
complaint in the Superior Court
BEGINS FIGHT
FOR PROPERTY
The man refused to talk about himself.
He said that his name was Herbert Bond,
and' that he' had recently come from the
East and was living in San Francisco.
He dropped a few words that would indi
cate that he was the man who had done
all of the work in Oakland recently, and
there was found in his possession a purse
belonging to Mrs. Fletcher O. Haskill of
1042 Chester street. This purse was
missed yesterday afternoon after the "gas
man" had appeared there and made an
"inspection" of the gas fixtures.
President John A. Britton of the Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company is
pleased that the man has been captured,
for It Is unpleasant for his company to
have such- a scheme worked by a thief.
All of the regular gas inspectors of the
Oakland Company are uniformed.
Policemen soon began to arrive at the
house in patrol wagons, ..on trolley-cars,
on bicycles and - afoot.-: Chief it«l ..Police
Hodgkins was right in the running him
self, and the men'were sent to scour the
neighborhood lrt a thoroughly systematic
manner.' • They had an excellent descrip
tion, of the man, and in a few moments
Policeman Moore found a man answering
the ¦; description i coming out of a house.
He declared himself to be a tea solicitor,
but was placed under arrest and taken to
the City Prison. .; ;-..-.. - • :-.
Mrs. Hanford left him. in the. room while
she went to the back door, locked it and
then telephoned for the police, saying that
she "had the man in the . house. But the
"gas man"- began to suspect trouble. and
bowed himself out of the fronts door, al
though Mrs. Hanford tried to persuade
him to remain and complete- his inspec
tion. He was quite sure that the gas fix
tures, were all right, and disappeared
down the street. V > ; . •¦¦:.-• ,
Burglar Smells a Rat.
This -morning the- "gas- man" appeared
at the residence of.J. M. Hanford, pay
master of the Southern Pacific Company,
at 1205 Peralta street, in West Oakland.
He explained that he had been sent to see
if there was a/ leak in the pipes, . and
wanted a stepla'dder and', monkeywrench
with which. to make a test in . the bed
room. The women in the house thought
that they had their man. .
But the trouble was tp locate the,illu
sive ''gas man." One day he would work
in one part of the, city, and thfe next day
in another. He had no system, and he
always worked in the daytime, and so the
fame of the "gas man"- went abroad and
housewives began to keep an eye out for
anybody who wanted to inspect gas fix
tures or read a meter.
Soon robberies began to be reported to
the police. All occurred in the daytime,
and the amount of plunder ranged as low.
as $5 and as high as $100. But the num
ber was what ..worried the police. They
came in at the rate of two and' three a
day. j The first definite clew came from
the robbery of the. residence of J. P.
Edoff, 913 Grove street. There it was dis
covered that the articles taken had disap
peared Just after an "inspector" from the
gas company had visited the house to in
spect-the gas fixtures. Chief of Police
Hodgkins at once detected the work of a
bogus gas inspector, and his theory proved
correct. ••-•¦¦ - \
Police Are Worried.
The "Gas Man," as he has come to be
known in police circles, has been working
in Oakland for nearly a week. His plan
was not. particularly new= or, novel, but it
is the. first time that it has been worked
in Oakland and tlie young man made It
a very successful .source of income , "for
himself- and of terror for the women of
Oakland. He would appear at the \ home
of some well-to-do resident in broad day
light and announce that he was. a rep
resentative of the gas company and that
he had been sent to Inspect the gas flx
ture§ of the ho^use. In nearly every case
he would be given full and free permission
to inspect the gas fixtures of the entire
house, and while he was making his bogus
inspection he would appropriate anything
of value that happened to be in sight. He
tried to secure money, but did not hesi
tate-to take jewelry and silver articles
where they, were not marked.
The"Gas Man" has been captured and
is in' jail, and • once more" the ; housewives
of Oakland fc are breathing easily for the
first time since the mysterious : burglar
began his operations a week ago. The man
who ; is now in , the City , Prison gives^the
name of Herbert Bond, but no other infor
mation about himself. . p
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,"
/¦/ "-i. : «_ 1118 Broadway, Aug." 17. ',>
and about the same area as that of the
great famine of 1S91. The population num
bers 43,000,000. The hopes founded on the
report of two months ago have vanished.
The havoc has been wrought by the in
tense heat, and entire absence of rain
¦when needed.
Afterward there were torrential down
pours and hailstorms. The appearance of
innumerable pests is completing the'de
struction. As the harvest is now In pro
gress, these are final reports.
It might be supposed that Russ.la would
still be able to draw on her "vast re
sources in Siberia., but matters have not
gone well there, though the figures have
not been finally issued. Moreover, the
bumper crops of Siberia avail little, for
Russia has no roads- but the railroads.
Of the hundreds of thousands who per
ished, directly or Indirectly from typhoid
and other epidemics, induced by starva
tion during previous famines, the great
majority were within a hundred or two
¦ hundred miles of the railroads and grain
could not and cannot go to the starving
mujlks, though the streams take such
Quantities to the ports as to benefit the
outer world.
LOXDOX, Aug. 17.— Advices from Mos
cow say Russia is on the eve of another
famine. Nearly a third of the provinces
of European Russia are officially declared
to have produced "insufficient," others
"sufficient" and some others still "under
the average" crop of cereals. Only two
provinces out of seventy have really good
harvests.
The official word "insufficient" means
Titter starvation. The famine stricken
area exceeds half a million square miles
Probability That Only Two
Provinces "Will Have
Harvests.
Says His Name Is Herbert
Bond, but Refuses Further
Information.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— A very Im
portant musical benefit for a very
worthy cause will be ¦ given on
"Wednesday next at the Macdon
ough Theater. It will be a concert
of unusual excellence,- the* proceeds of
which will go to the St. Joseph's Home
for Deaf Mutes, on . Telegraph avenue,
corner ' of : Fortieth street.
: The 'feature, of the evening will be the
appearance of the f Rev. f Father Robert
Sesnon, the "singing priest." ' Father Ses
non-'-has 'consented to appear because of
the worthy - object for which the concert
Is to be given. . . ¦ «v •
| An entertainment of similar- nature was
announced a ! short time ago to ' take place
at St. Francis de Sales Hall. . This enter
tainment will he replaced by the concert
at the Macdonough Theater/and tickets
sold for that entertainment will be good
for the Macdonough concert. Reserved^
seats can be obtained at Smith's book
store. .
All of the parishes on this side of the
bay have taken a great interest in - this
event and all are. contributing toward its
success. St. Joseph's - Home for Deaf
Mutes is in the Sacred Heart - parish, at
Temescal, but it is not attached to any
one parish. It is a charity that has
grown steadily, but only by the hardest
kind pf . ."work. It /was instituted . seven
years ago in a house' that stood on the
¦ ; . .¦¦.¦-•¦¦ \
The Mysterious Daylight
Burglar Run to Earth
at Last.
Crops Are Insufficient
and Millions Are
Endangered.
Rev, Father Sesnofl t Known as the "Singing Priest/' . Will Appear
and All the Features Will Be Excellent*
RUSSIR FEARS
RUINING FAMINE
POLICE CAPTURE
THE "GAS MAN"
CONCERT TO BE GIVEN IN AID
OF ST. JOSEPH'S HOME FOR DEAF
MRS. HOPE BYRNE WANTS
TO BE FREE ONCE MORE
Appeals Again to a Marysyille Court to Rid Her
of the Hateful Galling Bonds of Matrimony.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18,-1901.
25
3H IS E§Ij *¦ 1 Hi S Vt ill
Hfl m swnf m I MM P g r w j
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
. 24 Post et., San Francisco. CaL
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
"Write for SO-page catalogue (free).;
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Ca» '¦
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Iceland, StantoM
Jr., also Vassar. Smith and "Wellesley college*.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMUN, Prtadpal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and -reporters as teachers; Greyjf
shorthand, tbe easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. W.
ST. MARTS COLLEGE,
r OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be < resumed ¦ MONDAY. ¦ August
5. 1901. . BRO. ER1HNOLD, President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCTTOOIi
for the. university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford.
professor. .. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
' | SAN RAFAEL, CAL. '
Xmas . Term Will Commence Auiast 11
Major Ceo. C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK.- Principal.
Red way's
i . Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. ' Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. " ' ¦ - :
; v O r the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver.. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Femals Ir-
recularltles. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
Mlpa'lon, Plli" and all derangement* of the
internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggist*, or
by mall. RADWAT & CO., New Tork.
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparatiofl
"CALTMOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed MaiL
PEOF. JULES LABOHDE.
DIBCOTCBEB Of "CALTUOS."
••CAI/moS" is put before yon on its raeritg
done. Try it and put it to the test. Try It free.
There is no securitr required— no C. 0. ii. scheme.
Send us your name nnd nddresa, and we will send,
you enough "CAtTIIOS" to last five dajs. It
will be tMit in w sraled parh«t» by mall.
The marvelous French remedr ~CAl.TIIO« f »
recently Introduced in this couutrr by the Vou Jlohl
Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the largest, richest
.and most responsible lineinens firms in tiie United
fetat«-«, has attracted tlie attention of the entire
medical profession because of the wonderful enres
It bae effected. If you suffer from Loet Manhood,
Varicocele, \VeakneB6 of any nature in tbe Sexual
Organs or Nerres, < no matter bow caused.) or if the
parts are undeveloped or bare shrunken or wasted
away "CALTUOS" will restore yon.
"CALTHOS" is tbe discovery of Prof. Jules La-
bordfl. famed in Paris as France's foremost ipecialiet.
"CALTI1OS" ii the onlr remedy recognized br
tbe medical rrofeosion a* a specific cure for weak men.
"CALTHOS" has the endorsement of tbe Ger-
man and French governments, and is largely used in
the standing armies of those countries.
All correspondence relating- to the " CAI/THOS "
i department of our business is strictly confidential.
Vr'e neither publish nor furnish testimonials. *
Address The VON MOHL CO., 630 B,
Vsrcest Importer* of StanAsrd
rreparatloMlitluU.S. CINCINNATI, OHIO.Owing to washouts in the vicinity of Te
hachapl the In and out bound owl trains
the New Orleans through train and the
various southern locals were dispatched
over the Coast Division of the Southern
Pacific . yesterday. Laborers are now at
work repairing the damage done and it
is thought that by to-morrow night every
thing will be in good enough shape to per
mit of passengers and freight being- car
ried by the usual route. In the mean
time, however, no trains will be Eent via
the San Jbaquin division.
SanJoaquin Division Closed.
Many Want to Be Teachers.
The published accounts that the Board
of Education Intended to elect fifty teach
ers Into the department under a new plan,
drew more than 100 applicants to the
hoard's rooms yesterday. Most of these
were ladies who presented their claims
to Mrs. Kim-aid. . The latter Informed
them to Ala* written applications, together
v.-ith theirlfecommendations. An exami
ne t5on wlll*be held on September 23, and
the successful applicants will compose
thiee-tenthe of the eligible list. The new
plan of election will be modified so as to
protect teachers who have been "consoli
dated out." It will be so arranged that
the new cliglbles will not take precedence
over those teachers ln the department.
If you had a chance to live over one year
of your life, which would you choose?
Suits for divorce have been filed by Ja
vita Gomez against Julius Gomez for cru
elty. Myrtle Roseveare against Irwin
Roseveare for cruelty and James M.' F.
Davis against Nettie Davis for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
In Missoula, Mont., one of our regular
stands, fully one-half of the audience Is
made up of. Indians. They come from, aa
far as two hundred miles on horseback
and even on foot, Btarting on their long
journeys days before the circus date and
arriving promptly on the morning of the
day of exhibition. On circus day it is a
case of every man for himself with the
Indians. The lord of the tepee brings
enough trinkets in the shape of mocca
sins and bows and arrows to peddle
around town, and in this way sets money
for his admission ticket. They generally
come In couples astride of a pony, and if
the market is overcrowded with Indian
relics they will sell the nag.
When the show trains arrive in these
%\ estern towns early ln the morning two
°F* t ? r 5 e hundred tents have already been
pitched by the Indians, some of whom
have arrived the night before. Their lit
tle colony Is almost as Interesting aa the'
circus itself. It is a veritable bazaar of
relics and pappoose exhibitions. While
£?,.? ld S( * uaws are eetting breakfast the
children are playing games and the chiefs
are taking their nicknacks to the market
;£ he> L. are » tu , e flr^ fc ones after tR e doors of
the big tents are opened to land on the
blue planks They H1I a good part of the
arena, and they never move during the
entire performance. Applause is unknown
to them. They make as little show of en
thusiasm as their brothers in wood In
«£"? °l tl l e TT hite man>s cl & ar store. If
the trick elephant were to climb the cen
ter poie they would no doubt enjoy the
performance, but they would make no
mo r? 5 h ? w ? f sur PrtJ?e than if they were
molded in clay. If the performing SulS
were to walk out on the hippodrome track
and make a concert announcement in the
Indian tongue they would only grunt
"After the show Is over the chiefs nro
ceed to fill their skins with the whUs
man's firewater, and the squaws with the
pappoosea wait on the lumber piles till
the grey streaks begin. to sprout over the
hills, when the unsteady train winds out
of town over the trail." s out
"You may talk about your city circus
goers," says Alf T, Ringling, one of the
proprietors of Ringling Broth ars' circus,
yesterday, "but the Indian has got them
all beaten to death. There's no circus
goer in the world like the North American
aborigine. He will travel farther, endure
more privations and skimp himself harder
to get the price of admission than any
other human being* in the world. What's
more, I believe he really enjoys the cir
cus more than the negro, though he
doesn't make any fuss about it. The
negro, as every circus man knows, will
sell the family cook stove to get money
to see the elephant, but, the Indian will
barter oft his papoose, his squaw or even
his most cherished possession, his horse,
to get a ticket. After the negro comes the
Chinaman. T"he Mexicans, too, ore not
slow in responding to the toot of the
calliope. . ¦
Negroes, Although Not Quite
So Demonstrative.
Eed Men Greater Show Fiends Than
To carry on a political, social and be
nevolent organization, and that its prin
cipal object Is to secure an amend
ment to the constitution of' the
United States repealing the present law
and mode of electing United States Sena
tors by the Legislatures of the several
States of the Union and . to secure ¦ the
eiection of United States Senators by a
direct vote of the people or by the electors
of the different States; to disseminate
campaign documents and literature on
said issue; to organize auxiliary clubs and
leagues; to agitate and discus3 the pres
ent mode of electing United States Sena
tors, and for the enactment of laws for
the benefit of the State and nation.
The National Senatorial League of
America, organized to change if possible
the present mode of electing United
States Senators, filed articles of incorpor
ation Friday. The directors are James
Smilej', Louis H. Anderson, W. A.- Dues
bery, James A. Dobbie and A. T. ParneH.
In the articles of incorporation it ' is
stated that the purposes for which it is
formed are: .
Election in Hands of
Voters.
Will Seek to Amend- Law and Place
Mr. Boas narrated his tale of woe yes
terday to United States District Attorney
Woodworth. He said that he had been
visited by a man In the uniform of a first
lieutenant of United States volunteers,
who presented for discount his salary de
mand for $120. being one month's nay from
July 1 to July 31 of this year. Trte lieu
tenant did not haggle over the terms;
he was willing, he eaid. that r Mr. Boas
should make a living, and he cheerfully
accepted what was offered for the sheet
of paper bearing his signature.
Mr. Boas took the paper to army head
quarters and experienced a violent attack
of heart disease on being informed that
Daniel Hyman, his customer, had. been
discharged from the army and that there
was nothing due him from" the Govern
ment. A warrant was issued by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock for
the arrest of Daniel Hyman.
Judah Boas bought a financial gold
brick the other day, and now he wants
the 6eller finished if that astute person
can be found by the United States Mar
shal
Ex- Army Officer Daniel Hjrman
Cashes an Uncollectable Claim
for Salary.
INDIANS WILL TBAVEL
MILES TO SEE A CIRCUS
NATIONAL SENATORIAL
LEAGUE INCORPORATES
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The following
Californlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— P, F. Dundon, at Everett; P.
Greenberg. at Cadillac; E. J. Power, at
Murray Hill; Mrs. J. Ballard,- Miss Bal
lard, J. F. Clapp, at Gilsey: E.H. Hayes
and wife, at Everett; Miss Lucile, at Hol
land;* F 1 . MacPherson, at Victoria; R."
Btirch, at Sturtevant; R. S. Hurd, at
Rossmore; .-N. W. Remond and w^fe, at
Union Square. From Los Angeles — Miss
Hi Nichols, at Albert; Miss L. Rains, at
Manhattan; W. G. Burpee, at Cadillac;
C. E. Guyer, at Herald Square; D. Mac-
Vicar, at Grand Union.
Calif ornians in New York.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Blair, prominent so
ciety people qf Washington, D. C, are
staying at the Palace, where they arrived
yesterday.
H. J. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, is regis
tered at the Palace.
¦ Charles Prince, a traveler from Sydney,
N. S. W., is among the recent arrivals at
the Occidental.
W. "M. Gifford, manager, of the Irwin
Company of Honolulu, is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. F. H. Mcdcalf, a prominent medical
man of Sacramento, is a guest at the
Palace.
G. Wj 1 Strohl, a well-known politician of
Napa, is among the recent arrivals at the
Lick.
C. A.. Baker, a mining man of Denver, is
a guest^at the Lick.
Charles P. Braslan. the seed man of
San Jose, is at the Palace. -
F. M. Romain, a wealthy raisin man of
Fresno, is at the Occidental.
Fred B. Glass, a cattle man of Red
Bluff, is a guest at the Grand.'
H. H. Mclntyre, a prominent mining
man of Denver, is at the Lick.
PERSONAL.
J. B. Dersey of Fresno Is at the Grand.
E. W. Mason, an oil man of Coallnga, is
at the Palace.
L.. Grothwell of Stockton is registered at
the California".
"W. H. "Weeks of Watsonvllle is a guest
at the California.
J. H. Tibbits, a mine owner of Redding,
Is at the Grand.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Recent arrivals at
the Hotel Metropole include: San Francisco-7-
Mrs. A. R. Conklin. Mrs. Conklin Olcese, W.
F. Boardman. W. T. Hunter. E. E. Helin, A.
L. Spellmeyer, N. B. Paul Jr., Miss Davis, L.
W. Storror and wife, A. M. Lovelace. Thomas
Ross. Thomas R. McNab. A. S. Rosenblatt,
R. Ryan, Robert E. Dolan and wife, Mrs.
W. S. Fenn. W. A. Ross and wife; Oakland—
B. C. Cuvellier: Sacramento — Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Mltan, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. George, J.
C. Boyd and family, Mr. Van Orden, . Donald
McM. Short; San Jose— J. G. Enrlght and
wife, Mrs. Joseph E. Mrs. J. H.
Henry. Miss Bessie Henry. J. Henry; Bakers
field—Mrs. J. F. Lucey, H. A. Blodgett and
family. Dr. Taggart and wife.
¦ Klamath Falls— Robert Sisrlen, Mrs. George
T. Baldwin. Yreka— Frank K. Sllva. Anton
Foster. Ager— Miss Delia Ager. Gazelle— J.
C. Mitchell. Fort Bidwell— Emil Mesner. Aia
meda — Thomas Turner.
PARAISO SPRINGS— The following guests
have registered at Paraiso Springs during the
last week: From San Francisco— G. Whaley,
Mrs. E. Stierlen, Mrs. M. Fay, William O.
Morgan, Miss E. L. Nichols, L. W. Harpham
and- wife, Mrs. G. W. Ware. Miss Mlgnon Ba
ker. Albert Franks. 'Major C. J. Fallon. From
Los Gatos — Mrs. E. J. Breen, Harry J. Breen,
Dr. S. Grant Moore. From Salinas— M. A.
Keef, A. Zabala, Mrs. C. Ahrenkiol and daugh
ter. Miss Agnes Archer, Mrs. R. M. Hollings
worlh, Paul Tavernetty. - From San Mateo —
D. H. Clancy, E. Buchman. From Monterey
—Charles Carr, R. H. Willey. From Watson
ville—J. Walter Smith, A. M. Silva. From
Oakland— A. Hanlon, W. H. Gould: Mrs. H.
Rhode, Spreckels; A. Holm, Santa Rita: Theo
Nelson, San Jose; Thomas M. Kelly, Castro
ville; J. B. Giacomazzi, King City; K. Casper,
Vallejo; T. Larkin, James C. Dunphy, La
Paso: Miss M. E. Gallagher, Salinas; Dr. C.
E. Edwards, New York; Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Slbley, San Francisco. . %
KLAMATH SPRINGS— Among the late arri
vals at Klamath Springs are: From San
Francisco — Fred E. Lehuers and wife, J. H.
Dibbern. C. H. Jones. R. P. Walsh, J. H.
Campbell, S. G. Whitney. . Oakland— F. H.
Starkweather, C. S. Lewis. Sacramento— D. A.
Lancaster and wife, Fred Cox, wife and daugh
ter, H. T. Carroll. R. B. Stevenson and wife,
W. F. Slocumb. J. W. Geeslin. J. A. Davis.
Price, G. W. Dickie Jr., T. M. Dickie, Dr.
Henry, ©scar Sidney Frank, A. Fllmore, J.
L,. Taylor. Mead Clark, Dr. Harry, Ed Harris.
William E. F. AVehr and wife, Mrs. Heyer,
Miss Kinsey, George Mullin and wife, PY C.
Cusheon, C. R. Schmidt, O. Schnider, E.
Reeves, Nellie : E. Gillespie, Theresa C. Fred
ericks, George J. Schweitzer and wife, Kate
Cunningham, G. F. Watson, E. Flagg, John
Cunningham and wife, Annie Cunningham,
Harold Winter. A.' J. Wiener, R. O. Bliss and
wife. Dr. P. Metcalfe, George Tilden,' F. J.
Redemaker, 'N. F. McMahon, W. D. Scott,
Cora F. Scott. F. M. Fibbey and wife, Anna
M. Reed, F. N. Gassell, W. E. Dennison, Mrs.
Mason, Miss Mason, J. E. Bell, I. P. .Van
Winkle. ¦
HOTEL BENVENUE— Registered at the Ho
tel Benvenue are: H. M. Hayward, Cloverdale;
Mrs. E. H. Wayne, Port Costa; Miss Leona
Fraver, San Francisco; M. Levin. Santa Rosa;
J. N. Anderson, Healdsburg; Emil Johnson,
T H Hammond, San Francisco; C. M. Calve,
Mrs. 'C. M. Calve, Aiameda; P. E. L'altocate,
San Francisco; Horace Howard, Mortimer Mo-
Gowan, Oakland; S. H. McKee. Mrs. S. H-.
McKee, Washington; H. A. Splndler. Lower
Lake; J. W. Curry, Chicago; Miss Merifleld,
Lois Merifleld, Mr. Kelly, Mrs. Kelly. J. H.
Fiddle, San Francisco; J. A. Dunn. Miss
Florence Dunn. Santa Rosa: H. E. Brower,
Otto Piehl, Miss W. Mentl, Llla Starkey,
Ella Young, Gardln Lowerls, Arthur Manning,
George Ready, W. L. Squires, Joseph Levy,
Preston Morris, E. G. See. H. N. Scott. Mrs.
H N Scott, E. H. Gurley, San Francisco;
James" McNeil. Jack O'Keefe. Woodland; Mrs.
A. C. Smith. England: Mrs. G. H. Winterburn.
Mrs. A. Gonzalez. Miss W. Gonzalez. Miss
Josephine Hill. Mrs. Bloomquest. Miss K.
Bloomquest, San Francisco: W. H. Sinclair,
Mrs. W. H. Sinclair, Los Angeles: Mrs. Pease.
Miss Pease, Mr. Goldsmith, Berkeley; George
W. Ellason. Oakland; George H. Ells. Ukiah;
J L Dobbins, Louis Pape, Berkeley; Ed Har
ris, G. W. Kemp. A. G. Burnett. Miss McCabe.
San Francisco; Perry A. Stanley and family.
Corona: J. F. Magamln, Falrfield; Miss Mc-
Cabe, San Francisco. f
LAUREL DELL HOTEL— An impromptu
masquerade ball was given at Laurel Dell last
Saturday evening, only guests participating.
A very enjoyable evening was spent by all.
The prizes were awarded as follows: First
prize, James H. Price; second prize. Mi?s Jo
sephine Smith; third prize, G. W. Dickie Jr.
Music wa« furnished by Professors Reeves and
Harris. Among those who took part were:
Miss Hyde. Miss Katberlne C. Hyde. N. A.
Root and wife. Miss Thelben, Miss Fursten
thal. Miss Rosenfeld. Mrs. Isaac, Miss J.
Smith, Miss E. Smith, Mrs. Durnan. James H.
(piano). MUs Harris: recitations. Mrs. Olson;
selections, Mr. Qu inn's gxamaphone; duet.
Misses A. and L. Wrede; solos Ccornet and
flute), Mr. Fairgrieve; comic recitation. Miss
B. Harris; songs, R. H. Hunt; character recita
tion, Miss Shay; mandolin solo, Mr. Gabriel;
club swinging, A. Todt.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The latest arrivals
at Gilroy Hot Springs are: From San Kran
cisco—J. McDonnell, Miss Emma Randall, J.
H. Wheeler. John B. Mann. Charles A. Dunne,
Mrs. C. A. Dunne, Frank • T. Fuller, B. F.
Neal, Miss R. Stearns, Miss B. Peterson. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Zabaidano and son. H. T. Hall,
E. S. Gonles. Miss A. Stuart, B. F. Gilberts,,
F E. Miller, Mrs. A. F. Benzon, Miss L. A.
Wright, T. S. Wallace. Mrs. C. Breon. Miss
Juliette • Benzon, W. R. Marshall, Mr. and
Hra. F. Russell, J. H. Henderson, D. Collis,
Miss R: Roberts, Miss P. *T. Burness. Mr. - and
Mrs. E. F. McDonald, Henry Sharpe, P. D.
Williams, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Bowhay. Prom
Oakland— R. A. Curran. B. F. Conroy, C. W.
Woodrone J. Wolfsohn, Miss B. Swartz. From
Watponvllle— ft. P. Qulnn, W. M. Bates, Miss
G. Vivienne Wiley, W. F. Chapln, Miss L.
A. Wiley. From Santa Clara— Mrs. James
Douglas. Miss Hopkins. From Irvington— Mrs.
A. Cardose, M. Carmelo. From Centerville —
Mrs. M. C. Gomez. F. J. Felter. From Gilroy
— Conrad Jessen. J. Jessen, R. C. Slaysman.
From Menlo Park— T. P. Fitzgerald, Miss B.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. L. Cox. Miss Edith MacBain,
B. A. Clark. From Hollister— Mrs. C. Jensen.
THE GEYSERS— Registered at the Geysers
are: William S. Bacon, O. Kelolien, I Emll
Kelolien. Mr. and Mrs. Seghtin, E. Crow, R.
Crow, W. G. Galviji. F. D. .Bullock, H. E.
Vanwlnkel. Mr. and' Mrs. E. H. Clough, J. H.
Wolf, San Francisco; H. S. Prescott. Miss
Jessie Woodward. Miss Helen Hobart, Oakland ;
Mr. and Mrs. Mason, Miss Mason, Mrs. W.
Mason. ,R. W. Mason, J. C. Dell. Sausalito;
Bulla Grimmer, Pine Flat; A. B. Means. An
chor,- 111.; E. Buttler. Mre. B. M. Miller, D.
Miller. Miss HIcklin, Woodland; F. A. Abshlre,
D. S. Johnson. Horace Lea, W. E. Bedins,
Cloverdale: Miss Ethel Lea, Miss C. C. Broun
ham. H. D. Woble, Glenbrook; Dr. H. S.
Shaw. G. E. Hook, Sacramento; William A.
Ruthauft, Mrs. W. A. Ruthauft, Cloverdale;
Miss Dora Lantrlp, Miss Lucie Dougherty,
Miss Roberta Parker. Gainesville; R. A. Coun
ties. W. M. Counties, Detroit.
CAPITOLA— Amons the recent arrivals at
Hdtel Capitola are: From San Francisco— Mrs.
S. Dennett. Miss French, H._C. Porter, Wil
liam B. Kearney, J. W. Phalan. Miss Bruce,
Miss Louise Bruce. IV. T. Lyon. Mrs. A. B.
Dougherty. Miss Gray, Edna Gray, T>aul Eich
elroth, N. B. Kooser. Mrs. Spink. Miss Alice
Spink, Miss Lillian Spink. E. Arriola, J. Freed.
G. B. Dillon. L. H. Anderson, W. W. Reed. Mrs.
Russell L. Eaton, Mrs. W. H. Miller. C. El
vldge. L. S. Blair. L. G. Sresovich. Oakland-
Mrs. E. Lilllenerantz, Miss Lilliencrantz, K.
Gregory. Mrs. A. A. Davis, Dr. E. H. Wool
sey. W. W. Foote. Stockton— Mrs. Estella
Williams. Charles Wacner and wife. Mrs. D.
Rothenbush. Miss Rothenbush, Miss Howard,
Mr. and Mrs. John* Herman. San Jose— Mrs.
H. S. Sharpe, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Wilson,
George Hatch, Emil F. Leon; Alex J. Hart,
E. Oliver Maeroon, Nellie Edmundson. Jennie
Edmundson. Blanche Portal. D. L. Clark, G.
T. Jamison and wife. Mrs. Renowden Bailey,
Miss Alice Owens, Mr«. Fred Owens. A. C.
Eaton. Mrs. J. K. Argues, Miss E. G. Mur
phy, B. Owens, Hervey A. Putnam. Genevieve
Evans, Ralph Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. O. F.
Moore, W. A. Bertiz. Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.
Pfister, Miss Bertha Downing. Miss Hilda
Eberhard. Miss TolHe Eberhard. Miss Tita
Pfister, Miss Pettie Pflst°r, Lieutenant C. R.
Argus, Cactaln H. Derby. Major Joe Parker,
Fred McKenzie. Will McKenzie. L. y. Bryte,
George L. Booker, Miss C. Z. Lion, Miss Lu
cile Steffler, EmllM. Leon. A. J. Hart. Mrs.
William Oskerman. J. L. Reardon. Watson
vine—Mrs. C. E. Beebe. Santa Clara— Miss
Alice C. Jordan, E. H. Benson, D. A. Beattie,
M. D. Haywards— J. V. Haley. Aiameda— S.
A. Ranks. John Mason. Fair Oaks— Mrs. F.
W. Eaton and daughter. St. Joseph, Mo.— E.
K. Camcbell. Ogden. Utah— Mrs. C. P. Jen
nings, Bessie Jennings. Salt Lake City. Utah.
— W. W. Bryan. New York City— W. F. Frank
lin. New Orleans. La. — Georse Eisenhauer,
Mrs. Eisenhauer. E. Eisenhauer.
CAMP TAYLOR— Camp Taylor was the scene
of a very enjoyable entertainment on Saturday
evening. August 10. After the programme light
refreshments were served by Mrs. Martin, to
¦whom rreat credit is due for the manner ln
which she with the aid of Miss Lucile Frank
arranged the programme. After the entertain
ment the guests danced until midnight. Follow
ing is the programme of the evening: Recita
tion (comic). Miss Lucile Frank; vocal solo, E.
Rountree; piano solo. Miss Baxter; comic songs
and jckes, Mr. Hanson; ragtime selections
CAPITALIST BOAS BUYS
A NEATLY GILDED BRICK
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— Folio wine are the
r«>eent arrivals at Fkaggs Hot Springs: San
Francisco — Philip Bosch, Charles Bosch. Harry
Bchmalz and wife, A. Schmidt, Theodore Lun
rtedt, M. C. Steinfels. L. A. Coblentz, Mrs. J.
N. Atherton, Mrs. Eugene Hahn, Miss Pearl
Moore, Mrs. Charles Meehan. Miss Abbie Mee
han. Joe J. Lannon, Walter Cox. W. D.
Squires, L. H. Bonestell, L. Cornwall, Joseph
Magner. Saul Magner. Captain Henry Prien
end wife, Theodore Wehr. wife and children;
Colonel D. E. Miles and wife. Miss Ethel Miles,
Fred Weise and wife, George Israel sky, A. R.
Cooper, Martin Finberg, Thomas Kervan. Harry
E. Song. R. B. Burns, P. Bertelsen. Miss M.
T. Wores. W. F. Boyer. William J. Collins,
Milton Statter. George Fundas. V. Meholovich
and sister, Fred Hays. Mrs. L. Batters, George
J. Alcen. Charles B. Platt, Don J. McKay, A.
Kavana$h. H. Rose, H. J. Olsen, Mrs. H. B.
Berryir.an. John M. Wright and wife. Miss
Belle Wright. Martin Walsh, J. J. Doyle and
wife. A. Castagnettl. George W. Hall, A.
Schwartz. J. Coleman. E. M. Livingston, Chet
W. Kelly. Oakland— A. Jacobs. S. Jacobs,
Atherton Schulse, P. Flynn. Rev. J. Canwell,
J. S. Kimball and wife. Miss Helen Klmball.
Miss Elizabeth Kimball. G. W. Fisher and
wife. Miss Benita Fisher. Mrs. M. C. Delahan
ty. Haywards— Frank J. Hofleng. D. T. Frantz
O. E. Wadput, R. Reid. Aiameda— Alden
White, Miss J. K. Chapman. Miss Gibbons.
Panta Rosa— Henry D. Noonan, John L. Wal
ker. D. R. Haile, O. Frank Leppo, H. G. Hoh
man and wife. Sacramento — Dr. Samuel Jack
eon. Miss Jessie Judd. London. Ky.— Mrs. L.
J. Williams. Healdtburg— George C. Mason,
Chris Mason, Ed Mason. C. H. Pond, J. M.
Alexander, E. Haigh, H. IC Thornton and Jwfe.
Tonie Passalaoqu*. Crockett — John McMahon.
Xapa— Miss Tillie Israelsky. Pan Rafael — James
Harden. Stockton — M. L. Kaiser end wife.
Miss Ray Kaiser. Silver City, N. Mex.— Mrs.
E. Duffe*. F. Preston Jones. Ukiah— J. \V..
Vtter and wife. Arcata— F. Leonard. Glen
Ellen— Misa E. A. Fuedeger. William Provlnes.
Tetaluma— Mrs. C. B. Luff and children. Val
lejo — F. W. Gorham and wife. Brooklyn, X. Y.
—Mrs. R. Hazelwood, W. B. Hazelwood. Seat
tle. Wash.— D. B. Denton.
At the Resorts.
The wedding of A. W. Hexter and Dr. Grace
Feder. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Feder,
will take place at th^ home of the bride's
parents, 1224 Golden Gate avenue, Sunday, Au
gust 25. at S:SO p. m.
Tbe occasion of William D..Worster*s twenty
eighth birthday was celebrated Tuesday even
ing, August 13, by an Informal musicale given
by his friend. Raymond Dean. The entire even
ing was devoted to renditions of music and
story, after which light refreshments * •were
served. The following participated: Miss Eliza
beth Kavanagh, violin solos; Miss Marie Law
ler. banjo selections; Miss Schuck. vocal solos;
Will Lawler, vocal .solos: Miss Jean Baldwin,
recitations; Miss Gertrude Neale, piano polos;
Mr. Fellows, vocal solos; Miss Elizabeth Prica
and Raymond Dean, vocal duets; Miss Gertrude
Baldwin, vocal solos; Raymond Dean, reading;
Mies Neal and Miss Kavanagh, violin and piano
duet; Miss Bessie Price, vocal 6olos. Others
present were: Miss Nellie Schuck. Ralph
Crothers. Arthur Reynolds and Arthur Worster.
The cuests were presented with beautiful
souvenirs of the occasion.
Personal.
Misses Grace end Flora Keff, 'daughters of
Mr. and Mrs. Keff of San Jose, are in this
city spending- their vacation with their friends,
the Misses Hammond of 714 Geary street.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Fersruson and their
f'auRhler, Anita, have cone to the Hotel del
ilonte and will etay there about two weeks.
Miss Roseline Levy of 117S Jackson street is
visiting her aunt. Mrs. Goodman, in Seattle.
She will be cone about two months.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Lichtensteln and
daughter. Mre. M. Morris and children are at
Gilroy Hot Sprir-ss.
Miss Lena Lipman is at Gilroy Hot Springs.
Mrs. Mary Bulger, MrJ. Thomas Bulger, Miss
Emma Bulger and Miss Hazel Harris have gone
to Blue Lakes and I'kiah, where they will eo-
Jcurn for two weeks.
Mrs. Adolph Conn of 1144 O'Farrell street
will be pleased to see her friends Tuesday.
AupuFt 20, 1PC1. from 2 to 5 p. m.. in honor
of the seventieth birthday anniversary of her
mother, Mrs. R. Rotenberg.
Attorney Frank Willard Klmball and wife
have returned to this city after a month's stay
in Pacific Grove and San Luis Obispo.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Bearwald announce the con
firmation of their son Joseph on Saturday, Au
gust U, at the Bush-etreet Synagogue. They
would be pleased to cee their friends on Sun
day. August 2... between 2 and 5 p. m., at 139
Page street.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Goldstein. 1SO0 Sutter street,
have returned from their Eastern and Southern
trip. At home the second Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Kdlln announce the con
firmation of their son Max yesterday at the
Congregation Sherith Israel, corner of Post
and Taylor streets. They will receive from 2
to S o'clock to-day at their home, 1062 Geary
street, near Webster. *
ALL social »ayety will center at Del
Monte next week. Golf, polo and
' pony racinc will occupy the atten
tion of the smart set, and all indi r
cations point to a week of con
tinuous pleasure
SOCIETY'S OUTING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ SUND A Y; AUGUST 18, 19O1.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.,
eBIEIDBHIIBBIiaBSIIIiaHlllllHHHIHHIHHUM
[ Extraordinary j
| ppiees j
g Entirely New Styles!
¦ j - - : - ¦-*'--- — -*• ¦*¦-- --'-- ; — — .— ¦
¦ '<¦¦¦: ¦; . .. : . ' . "" ¦'. j '¦ : ¦
B - AT THE , ¦
¦ ¦•¦• ..¦¦- - - ¦: ¦ . .¦'¦ ;' .• .'"..- :}¦¦ '¦¦ - ¦ : ' ¦ •.¦ . ¦¦. ¦
I liyLOclr UAl c I
! CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I
¦ • •¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ' •¦ ¦ ' - ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦
¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦'¦'¦¦• ' ' • ¦ "~~ 7 — ~ "¦ • S
I We shall 'place on sale the following Advance Styles for Fall at g
B prices that have never before been quoted at the beginning of the season: H
¦ TAILOR SUITS, elegant styles, artistically trimmed, at $15.00, ¦
M $10.50, $a2.50,Jp25.00, $27.50. B
H RAGLANS, the very latest, fitted or plain back, ; at $5.00, $6.00, g
S $7.5O, $8.5O, $1O.OO, $12.50, $15.00. g
B AUTO BOX COATS, the newest out, at $5.00, $6.50, $7.50, g
m $10.00^12.50. . ¦
g- DRESS SKIRTS, fancy trimmed, at $4.OO, $5.OO, $6.5O, $7.5O and »
| $1O.OO. ' . 5
B CLOTH CAPES, entirely, new, fancy trimmed, at $5.00, $7.50, m
m $1O.OO, $12.5O and $15.00. M
¦MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RAGLANS, AUTOMOBILES^ and ¦
H JACKETS, in extensive and rich variety, .from $2.75 to $2o.OO. ¦
q SILK-LINED RAGLANS for children at $5.5O, $6.5O and $7.50. B
I I Furs-SPEGIALS-Furs f
H ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, 18 inches long, with Astrakhan yoke; tail '-¦
H trimmed lined with heavy satin; real value $15.00; SPECIAL, ¦
g $10.00. . a
S RIVER MINK CAPES, ruffled,- choice skins, extra" quality silk lining, m
B well made; market price $20.00; SPECIAL, $15.00. B
¦ EXTRA QUALITY ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, \yith deep che- ¦
a nille border ruffle, superior quality, brocaded silk lining; first-class ¦
g^ value $15.00; SPECIAL PRICE. $10.00. g
1 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET ST. 1
¦ KllBaBHaBHHBBBBHB8aBaaBHIBaBaBBB"BMB"«a"l"MMiaB
AMXTSEMENTS. . ->_'
SAN FRANCISCO NEW ORLEANS
WEEK COMMENCING THIS AFTERNOON, AUGUST 18th.
THE BEST YET! /V.-LOOK AT THE NAMES!
M^yoTTss^Mk a
Jy^ &/^— — " — ' — : — *s&*i X^
/ ..J/KATHERINE GERMAINEV- X
/^ f AMERICA'S LEADING COMIC OPERA PRIMA DONNA /\ \^
gr"a^ LEFBBRE'S SAXOPHONE QUARTET,
The Most Novel and Exclusive Musical Act Before the Public.
? %t% p :r HILL & SILVIANY Th Sr n REMARC&RILAY
Sensational Bicyclists and Unicycllsts. Comedy Wonder WorKers. !
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH Wlth "a^g*"^
a^raltSor CHA5. H. BRAPSHAW & CO. ln q?f,Sy, a VE^
Parquet, 23 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents, any part except re-
served. A few front Orchestra rows reserved, 50 cents; front rows of Balcony, reserved, 25c.
' ' AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND TRIUMPHAL TOUR OF CALIFORNIA!
MriTuwi iilT ORLD ' S GREAT EST SHOWS.
IT EVER SEEN If ° NE 0F MANY NEW FEATURES!
ON EARTH \7
BEFORE! d|p|| 111© LliNLrfY
Capital limited, fiffBmUBlKfe w ir**^. ¦«! mt «
$3,700,000 h ¥ 1 1T5 A 1; I; 117
Daily Expenas. yMslin&sS&Bgt % 1 « m%L /~k. H~""^ I S
tuc Dlftnur Wmb mm T0 EX!ST 1N the entire v/obld.
AND WHY 9 hP^ 5pSO,OOO
nilU 1BII l WA S THE PRICE HE COST.
Funny Clowns. 50 Musi- NOT A MILLION. NCR \ MILLION TIVES A
clans in Grand Popular ft^E^ra* Mill IfiNi rni'inmiv unium'
Preliminary Concerts. 5 IMJLLIUN, LUl LU BLY A\01 HER.
Big Arenas. U-Mile Race Wxl^^wi^fc up i o
Track, 65 Railroad Cars. W^S^^^^^^M. * 1 IH lo
of Rare' Wll" Beasts, 12 THE LAST,
ACTUALLY 300 STAB PERFORMERS. THE
60 AERIALISTS l& TOd % l o Sl '^^^Sk ONLY ONE.
Famous High-Wire Gymnasts, the
These Marvelous Performers are
paid »500 a Week. No other show #W«i^»*yMJ»Sffi^^^
pays $100 for a Feature Act.
¦ And including Arenic Athletes from' lSP*^»i^^^^^^^K^^^^®S^^^B
Italy,. France, Germany, Russia and . \jf^|\ Wf»^^^SM^^€^''W,f^^M
30 GREAT RIDERS 5.TS2S!
est Company of Horsemen and W::S^mBBBBiM-7fBm>KP?^^€dS^^a3m3
Horsewomen Ever Organized, and ¦k^i*fW*%«ft' ; »-l^ffi!^^^^acSlii«If5i^^Sa'
Introducing for the First Time in Wwlsl
Am MVS$ AMELIA FEELEY, W|i tt^^^MW^^k
The Greatest Lady Rider the World has f£*$W I^WkI wB*BfHHk^
Ever Produced. No. other Show has a W*i&H . T:tiBa Y'^^M Vpi^Jr9I^BEk
Feature to compare with this Superb p'^jS J YtSB l^m WvOnWwK&i
HCi FI FPHANT^ twenty in oxb Mm Hm v^^^. ]^aV^^P
OL» ELCrUAn 13 ACT. Appearing To- /^tt /i^R VMft i\^«^^^
gether at One Time, in One Ring, under Cvv& fg"B IracS nhJ^S
the Direction of One Man, ln conjunc- Var»l Wwia! ll?«m tir53 i£u£*
tlon with the Internationally Famous KSsw VgSlS f fi^'
LOCKHART COMEDY ELEPHANTS. V^CT YTlf B^ *
No Other Show has a Third as Many. F^i vM //i? (l
RAA HAR'sF's Utilized in the Grand- Ifff ' Xtik ft S «1 **^
OW IIUIIJCJ est of All Equine Vm \ VM#W 11
Displays, including; the Famous jNg \'3f '¦'// \%
O'BRIEN'S 6 1 -HORSE ACT, fjf \MW '%
A Colossal Introductory Spectacle toi lWU te^a
"ROME IN THE YEAR ONE." a Jlflf A' ftl <\A -•«* ! 3
Grand Triple Ring Circus and a Tre- faa Ai'li. *-^
mendous Revival of the Sports and Races nfst iwiUM: .^¦¦<^S V'" :^l
NEW 8 ?ggg T PARADE W^^^^^^b
In 30 Sections, at 10 o'clock on the fji&jfL^gllfigS^-'" fr'r^f^''^^'^
opening morningr of the San Fran- ||^ B tffr^""
San Francisco T fMon.,Aiig.26
EXHIBITION! GROUNDS, FOLSOM AND 16th STS.
fi^S*GENERAL ADMISSION 50 CENTS
W&& Children Under 12 Years, Half Price.
Reserved numbered seats and admissions during Ihe entire engagement at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music warerooms, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts Unlika
other shows, prices at downtown office are exactly the same as charged at
regular ticket wagons on show grounds. .
*TIVaL1*
"THE OPERAJS THE THING."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP t
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - August 18.
flftl I1&$I£9B& SAS FRANCISCO'S
UULUIHB.IA : LEADin THEATRE
To-morrow, iflUIlUdj •
EVERT NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY, [j
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
t "DANIEL FROHMAN'S COMPANY
is the best organization of its kind In
' America, both ln the qualifications of
Its matnbers and the spirit that ani-
mates its performances."— Life.
*- ¦ — — : — *•
Daniel
Frohman's
Company
From DALY'S THEATER, New York,
Including
HILDA SPONG,
In the "Great Comedy Success, *
LADY HUNTWORTH'S
EXPERIMENT.
By Ri C.CARTON, ' :
Author of. "Lord and Lady Algy," "Liberty
Hall,". "The Tree of . Knowledge" and
¦' ¦ ¦¦ "Wheels Within Wheela."
BJEMSCO «« THALl'Sjr.fjrfSg.
0 ""w^ tmars cm hmu
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, 23c.' .
¦ TO-NIGHT— Last Performance— The
Elaborate Production of I the Powerful Drama,
THE GREAT DIAMOND ROBBERY.
uinrcc Evenings...... r.lOc," 15c, 25c, 35c, , EOc
I ftlWEJ Matinees.... .....10c, 15c, 25c
To-morrow (Monday) Ev'g-— Superb Production
of Belasco and De Mille's Powerful Play,
Men and Women.
First Appearance of Miss Annette Marshall.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
.j: .luynCin; lOc. \> :
Fannie Raymond, Camelia and Amelita,' Paul
La Croix, ¦ P. 1 A; Dunsworth, Coleman . ami
Mexis, Leo and Munroe, - Hooley and ¦ Kelton
and Hinrichs' Orchestra. •..,,-.- . .
1 -- Reserved Seats.- -25c. 'Matinee Sunday.' .
SUTRO BATHS.
PPENNIGHTS.
Open dally; from 7." a: im. to" 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p.m. '
. ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 5c. ;
Bathing, • including admission, 25c; children, 20c
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-DAY-LAST NIGHT OF
"THE LIARS."
Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS- -
"BROTHER OFFICERS*"
A Comedy in Three Acts, by Leo Trevor.
On THURSDAT EVENING, August 22 a
handsome SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH of MISS
VAN BUREN will be given to each lady pres-
ent. . ,-.".. , - ¦ : ..
• • PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c. 73c.
Good ; Orchestra Seats • All Matinees, 25c.
- Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
A GLORIOUS WELCOME
1 BEGINNING WITH THIS EVENING
MK. JAMb6 ANDTHct
JSfF^fj ¥ NEILL
imELmiB. Mmadim* COMPANY.
PRESENTING
"BARBARA FREITGHIE"
¦ (Public -Demand.)
. POSITIVELY ONE WEEK ONLY '
"Evening........... 25c, 35c, 60c, 75c, fl.OO
Saturday Matinee... 25 C 50c 75c
- , , BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY, '
25c and POc
FEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
'ROSEMARY."
. . SEATS THURSDAT.
¦'¦ ¦ ; THIS SUNDAY EVENING AT 8.
TO-MORROW NIGHT BEGINS I^AST WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERtS;
.Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Charlotte ; . Thompson's Success
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS;
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
.Next— Florence Roberts, "ROMEO ¦ AND
JULIET.", - . ~~
PROFESSOR TEN-ICHI,
The clever and ', well-known . conjuror • from
- .: -Japan, .will; give •¦ . -
TWO ENTERTAINMENTS
MONDAY, August 19, TUESDAY, August 20
At SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL. Sutter
. ¦ "..-••...¦¦-, - : ¦¦ r Street. . ¦ , . \ .
Patronized by His ¦ Imperial Japanese' Majesty.
*• ADMISSION- 25c and 50c. .•
. : ¦¦V«.v.r ? : .: V/. V Doore Open 7:30 p.'m:' ' r
GRAND OPERA
Under the" Musical Direction of
MR. PAUL STEINDORFF.
TO-NIGHT^OTELLO."
WEEK OF AUGUST 19
TWO FINE WORKS.
Monday, "Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, •
Rosin j's Celebrated
Barber of
Seville
¦ Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday Matinee and
Sunday Nights,
Great Scenic Production of Bolto's Classical
Masterpiece,
Mefistofeie
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE.'
Given "With an All Star Cast,
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c, 50c and 75o
Telephone — Bush 9.
Puppy Stakes!
120— NOMINATIONS— 120
$1000 TOT^ !^ IZE $1000
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returairff at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every alx
minutes. -
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
*~JMm* M iwM M 5 J-A. cox.M4son
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSB
IN THE CITT.
SENORITA~SALVINI,
The Celebrated Spanish Dancer.
ANNIE MORRIS,
Coon Shouter.
KALACRATUS,
The Famous Novelty Juggler. ..
IONE,
In Poses Plastlque. /
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMP ANT
MATINEE EVERY ST7JTDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT. T'
ADMISSION FREE.
feattle and florae ~&L v
901.0 Vonv &A.ci^ n M
.^ Oair,y Contests.
0S$* Exhibits IrS/ 7t>* s
fop Particulars Write
GeoWJackson. M'&wakEii
-1 >SEC TY.. PkeSIOCNT. ¦¦
WATCH OUT!
W. : P. . BEAUCHAMP, ¦ auctioneer. : office ! 2
Golden Gate ave., tel. Jessie 128. Grand auction
sale of high-class furniture Friday,* August 23,
in house. Particulars in Wednesday's papers.
. W. P. BEAUCHAMP.
CHUTES and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
NEW ADDITIONUO THE 200.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
NIXT THURSDAY NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTREL SHOW.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.-
PALACE
a ut\ 4^^ h0tel3 Possess
AND the attributes that tour-
. ists and travelers ap-
GR AND predate— central loca-
bKiUlU t ion. liberal manase-
HrtTFT <Z merit, modern appoint-
11U 1 !¦»! "-if ments and perfect cul-
eine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
KILL THE PARASITES
The accompanying picture represents a man
afflicted with both vegetable and animal para-
Eltes. They are the prime cause of dandruff,
loss of -hair and baldness. - Kill the parasites
with Dr. Bichmond's Anti-Parasltine Hair
Renewer and shampoo with Dr. Richmond's
Witch Hazel Tar and Sulphur Soap. They are
absolute germicides.' They cleanse the scalp
and remove dandruff, while at the same time
they feed and nourish the roots of the hair
stimulate growth and prevent baldness. The
hair will I become rich, soft and glossy; ' the
beautiful luster and color of -youth will be re-
stored. They? not only grow hair on bald
heads, but also restore grray hair to Its natural
color by stimulation and not by. hair dyes. '.
'For sale by. druggists, barbers .and hair-
dressers everywhere, or may be had direct from
our medical - laboratory." ! corner- Hayes ' and
Broderick streets. Send for circulars. ' ;j -
Call or Address THE ANTI-PAR ASITI1VE
HAIR RENEWER CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FREE I FREE I
BESPJWPSP? Xs prrmanently removed by DH.
&v2iiia!fc!Sff ln<5 M K- S - A. W. TRAVERSE.
KjRVgtggWgj Dimohoe building, 1170 Market Ft.,
lvc^«S»/'^§f w ' tl1 the Metric nf-edle, without
(S^la '^LXPain or scar. First Elttlr.g.frce.
g&^»V*^a Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
IgttSi^'vJC Toilet Cream. 60c; Krahman Tooth
f^2f — ftgrowdcrs, 25c. All druggists.
VEwMiCiyfflS Large stock always at J. B. Potts
I Medicated
I Complexion Powder
B Xo face powder in the world has '
B Rives the universal satisfaction of
g Pozzoni's; no chalk. lime or zinc—
D iff x>ure. Sample free.
§/ J. A. Pozzoni. St. Louis. Mo. ,Forget-Me-Not Lodge.
The icecream entertainment and hop
' The smoker given on the 13th Inst. by
Colonel Oscaf F. Long Garrison, No. 101,
R.»and v. A. "and N. U.. In the Alcazar
Oscar Long 1 Garrison.
The anniversary ball of branch 7 of the
.Young Ladies' Institute will be in Native
Sons'. Hall on the night of the 29th of Au
gust. The committee of arrangements ex
pects that this will surpass any of the so
cial functions previously given' by this
very active' and progressive \ branch j of
the order. May Stein is the chairman. #
Young Ladies' Institute.
At a meeting of .Reinhold Richter Camp
of the Spanish- American War Veterans
held August 13 Major George FUmer, Cap
tain James Jordan, Lieutenant Costello
and Corporal S. R. Jones were given the
degrees of the order in good style. The
"rookies" wero somewhat pale whe^ they
were being prepared for the initiation, but
like good soldiers they obeyed orders and
had the pleasure of hearing their com
rades declare that they had; done well
After initiation there was a pleasant
hour.
War Veterans.
The San Francisco extension committee
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
on the 12th inst. paid a visit to Superior
Lodge. There was a fair attendance.
There was, under the good of the order,
addresses by Grand Lecturer Edwin Dan
forth, Vice President Joy of the extension
committee. District Deputies Meyer, Eng
"lish and Stock, Recorder A. D. Hawley
and others'. • ', •
Grand Recorder Spencer has received a
letter conveying the information, that
Supreme Master Workman A. C. .Har
wick of Buffalo and W. A. Walker of
Milwaukee, Junior past supreme master
workman, both enthusiastic supporters of
Workmanship, will be in this'clty during
the latter part of October to encourage
the local lodges. -
The meeting of delegates from the vari
ous lodges held on last - Thursday night
was one of the most unanimous ever held.
Every one expressed himself In favor of
the proposition . to have a monster meet-
Ing and Initiation in celebration of the an
niversary of the order and the executive
committee that has been appointed, as
already announced in The Call, will work
with zeal to carry out the Idea" presented
and discussed at the meeting.
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
'.Loyal Circle on the 12th inst. Initiated
three candidates and received four appli
cations for membership. This circle will
jrlve an apron and necktie party on the
31st Inst. - . <^
Court Ivanhoe, on the 14th inst.,'inltiat
'ed six strangers and received several ap
plications, which- were referred to the ap
propriate committee. I After the work the
members were entertained with a piano
solo by Brother Levy and vocal numbers
by Brothers Glossman and Howard.
Last week Mazzini Circle was visited by
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. Miller,
John Falconer, P. S. C. C, and Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. Florence X. Mor
row. Throe candidates were Initiated
and then followed^ addresses by the vis
itors for the good of the order. The su
preme officers officially visited Eureka
Circle, on August 15 and will visit Wash
ington Circle on August 27.
Arrangements have been concluded for
the first social to be given on the 24th
Inst. by the Twentieth Century Club 5n
Social Hall, Ancient Order of Foresters'
building. The ladles of the various local
circles-have decided to- assist the club*' In'
the work that if is engaged in, namely,
preparing for the reception of the officers
and delegates to tho next High Court.
A new circle of the Companions of the
Forest has 'been Instituted at La Porte
by High Chief Ranger Boehm.
A new court of the Ancient Order of
Foresters has been instituted at Gardner
ville, Nev., with twenty-six charter mem
bers. Another will be instituted at Can
non City, Colo., on the 24th Inst. It was
organized by W. A. Freeman and will be
called Court Fremont.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Among, the visitors at the Native
Daughters' Home during ' the past week
were Misses Margaret Payne and Sophie
Johnston of Amapola Parlor, on Sutter
Creek, and Past Grand President Mollie
B. Johnson.
Darina Parlor, the parlor of beautiful
girls of the Western Addition, will hold
its next meeting in the Red Men's build
ing. That will be on the 19th inst.. on
which occasion there will be a social
evening.
Past Grand President MolIIe B. John
son and Grand Secretary Miss Laura
Frakes paid a fraternal* visit to Aloha
Parlor in Oakland last -week. The parlor,
which meets In one of the best arranged
fraternal halls on the coast, extended a
hearty welcome to the distinguished visi
tors. The parlor is discussing a proposi
tion to arrange for a' minstrel show
by the members. The same officials paid
a visit to Angellta Parlor in Livermore.
Sans SoucI Parlor has shown its high
appreciation of the work done by Emma
Wessling while president of the parlor by
presenting her a very handsome emblem
atic pin designating her rank in the
order. .
There are indications that In the near
future there will be a. division in one of
the largest and oldest parlors of the or
der in consequence of two opposing fac
tions having been formed. If that should
happen there will be an additional parlor
on the roll.
La Vespera Parlor, N. D. G. W., of
South San Francisco has arranged for a
social to be given In Corinthian Hall, cor
ner of Fourteenth and Railroad avenues
qn August 31. - - ¦-- ¦•¦ - —
The Native Daughters.
The local councils of the Junior Order
of American Mechanics and of the Daugh
ters of Liberty will have a private picnic
at Mill Valley on Admission day.
The entertainment given recently by
American Council of Oakland was a great
On August 21 California Council will
give a melon party in its hall, 'this is to
be an invitational affair. The following
named have been appointed thei good of
the order committee for this council for
the current term: Miss Minnie Sproule,
Miss Christine Jorgensen and Miss C.
Beach. The new officers of the council
are doing good -work and frequently add
ing to the membership >roll, which now
has upon it 1C0 names..
At a unian meeting of the councils of the
Daughters of Liberty, held In the cham
bers of Martha Washington Council. Miss
Lizzie Cantus of California Council was
elected representative to the national
council that is to meet in Boston on the
27th of August and Mrs. I. Strong of Mar
tha Washington Council was elected al
ternate. ' . \
Daughters of Liberty.
At the monster initiation In Kernbrook
Park the great attraction was the tent
of California Camp, which was most mag
nificently decorated with flags, banners
and fancy designs. The members and of
ficers entertained with a lavish hand,
spread a first class lunch, serving as
many as could be accommodated between
the hours of 9 in the evening and 3 in the
morning. There -was also a liberal distri
bution of cigars. A feature of this camp
was its hayseed band in grotesque cos
tume, which made a fine display, on the
march from tbe Pioneer building to the
ferry. »
On the night of the 19th of August
Golden Gate Camp will confer the de
grees in the amplified form on 150 candi
dates in Pioneer Assembly Hall. Pioneer
Court, near Fourth street. The .camp's
hall in the Native Sons' building not be
ing large enough for the purpose, it has
been decided to secure the larger hall for
the work.
Woodmen of the World.
Empress ' Victoria Lodge No. 142 of the
Daughters of St. George, recently organ
ized, is making rapid progress, having ini
tiated twenty-five strangers since the 1st
of June. The charter is still open at a re
duced rate under a special dispensation
to all Englishwomen, their daughters and
grand daughters and to the wives of the
members of the order of Sons of St.
George. The lodge is made up of bene
ficial and social members, the former be
ing entitled to doctor and medicine and a
funeral donation of $100.
Daughters of St. George.
Live Oak Lodge of the Knights of Py
thias of Oakland celebrated the' thirty
first anniversary pt that subordinate by
a banquet given in the leading hotel of
Oakland. There were. present about one
hundred and fifty persons at -the tables,
including many ladies. Grand Represent
ative George Samuels was the toastmas
ter. and the principal speakers who re
sponded to toasts were: Herman Schaff
ner, grand keeper of records and seal;
David S. Hirshberg, T. J. Crowley, P.- G.
C. J. J. Allen and "Hank" Holland, for
twenty-seven years a member of the
lodge.
Grand Chancellor Calkins on the 15th of
August paid an official visit to Folsom
Lodge at Folsom, and on the 17th to River
View Lodge at Rio Vista- He anounces
the following visitations: Brooklyn and
Amazon lodges at East Oakland, August
19th; University Lodge at Berkeley, 20th;
Live Oak. Piedmont, and Dirigo lodges,
at Oakland, 21st; Centervllle Lodge at
Centervllle, 22d; Alameda Lodge at Ala
meda, 23d; California, Damon, Golden
Gate, Laurel, Ivanhoe, Alemania, Eureka,
Myrtle, Sycamore, Unity Golden City,
Sequoia and Mars Lodge in Pythian Cas
tle, San Francisco, 26th; South San Fran
cisco Lodge, S. S. F., 27th; Harmonie and
Bay City lodges, San Francisco, 28th, and
Fairmount Lodge, San Francisco, 30th.
Damon Lodge No. 2 on the night of the
13th inst. gave an entertainment and
dance to its members and friends in the
Pythian Castle. There were so many
present that the large hall was crowded
to its limit. . After an address by the sen
ior grand chancellor, W. H. Bodfish, there
was a piano solo by Mlsa Edna Drew; vo
cal solo Miss Florence Smith; recitation,
Miss Waltstein; duet. Marshal and L. J.
Kverett; recitation, Mi9s Maud Smith;
specialties by the Holland sisters, and
the Baker sisters sang. Among the prom
inent visitors was Captain Allie Parker
of the San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps.
The dance programme was well arranged,
and after intermission the lodge served
a sumptuous collation. The affair was
managed by B. R. Parker, C. C; J. Dan
ton, He"nry Patrick, H. Treadwell, Frank
Kogel and M. Alger.
The third regiment of the Uniform
Rank, Colonel J. G. Scarborough, will go
into a military camp at Coronado Beach
this week. . , *
Knights of Pythias.
San Francisco Circle has arranged for
an interesting social evening in Mission
Opera Hall on the night of the 14th of
September. . .•--¦• -
Martha Washington Circle will give a
grand ball in Union-square Hall on the
24th of August.
Grand Financial Secretary Miss A. D.
Bremer, accompanied by a delegation of
Hamlet Circle, paid a visit to Haywards
Circle recently, and there, with the assist
ance of Miss I. P. Rose, P. C. C, as grand
marshal, installed the officers for the cur
rent term. This circle, which now has sev
enty members, a*, good sum in its treasury,
is working hard to carry off the honors of
Alameda County. After the work of the
evening there was a social hour and the
serving of a dainty collation.
Verbano, the baby circle of Oakland, is
doing much better than many of the older
ones. There are initiations at every meet
ing, and at the last held session the trus
tees were directed to deposit an additional
1100 in bank.
Hamlet Circle of Alameda, to' show its
appreciation of the re-election of Miss A.
D. Bremer, one of its members, as grand
financial secretary, had a celebration in
its own way at its last held meeting.
There was the initiation of five candi
dates, the installation of its new officers
by Mrs. A. C. Wright, D. G. C. C. and the
presentation by the deputy, on behalf of
the circle, of a souvenir silver fork to Miss
Bremer. Then followed a banquet and
games. - "
The officers of Oakland Circle were in
stalled by Depdty Grand Chief Compan
ion Miss A. D. Bremer, assisted by Miss
L P. Rose, P.,C. C, of Hamlet Circle as
grand marshal. This circle, which is do
ing good work, adding to its membership
at every meeting, had a very successful
social recently in the large hall of the
American Foresters' building under the
direction of Mrs. Jennie Barnett, Mrs. A.
Davis and Mrs. Emanuel, assisted by John
McHenry as floor manager.
The party which Robin Hood Circle in
tended to have on the 2Sth of August has
been Indefinitely postponed on account of
the death of Mrs. Emma Pease, one of
the members.
American Companions.
The entertainment that was given by
the ' National Union Social and Literary
Club of the National Union in the Odd
Fellows' Assembly Hall on the 14th inst.
was another of those social successes for
which this organization has been noted.
The next entertainment and dance will
be given on the night of the 11th of Sep
tember. W. F. Thomson of Golden Gate
Council was master of ceremonies during
the entertainment.
The San Francisco Cabinet paid an of
ficial visit last Friday night to El Dorado
Council in Portola Hall of the Native
Sons' building. The visitors were wel
comed in true National Union style and
y.ere well entertained by the members of
the visited council. There were a number
of addresses for the good of the order, and
Senator J. W. Cutberth gave an interest
ing account of the doings of the Senate
at its last-held session. He expressed the
opinion that at no distant day that very
august body will hold its annual session
In this city.
National Union.
Sir Knights Fred Shaw, George V. Le
roi and Fred Wastier Jr. of this tent have
been appointed a committee to act with
a committee of the ladies of San Fran
cisco Hive to arrange for a dance during
the latter part of the month.
• San .Francisco Tent' of the Maccabees
has decided that the degree team shall
initiate in the amplified form at the re
views on the second and fourth Fridays,
and that on the occasion of the other re
views In the month there shall be more
for the good of the order and the social
entertainment of the sir knights after the
transaction of routine business.
The Maccabees.
given by Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the De
gree of Honor in Red Men's Hall on the
14th inst. was a decided success as to
point of numbers and . excellence of pro*
gramme ¦ presented by the committee j of
arrangements, consisting of Mrs. C. 1.
Spencer, Mrs. A. D. Hawley, Mrs. i Bain,
Mrs. C. P. Shay, Mrs. Keyser and Mrs;
Chrlstenson. There were vocal selections
by Mrs. Wand and Mrs. A. D. Hawley,
a short address by W. ft Barnes, violin
and cornet duet by the Owens brothers
and a recitation by Mrs. Hies. Then fol
lowed . dancing and the serving -of ice
cream. This lodge is moving upward and
onward with a rapidity that Is astonish
ing many of the older organizations and
it is the aim of the officers and members
to place it in the very front rank of fra
ternal, beneficial and social organizations.
Court Defiance has, by resolution, de
cided to relieve from the payment of dues
those of its members who are members
of a trades union affiliated with the San
Francisco Labor Council and who are
now out on strike.
At the last hold session of the Execu
tive Council nothing of importance was
done except to discuss a decision of the
grand chief ranger in regard to one of the
courts In Oakland. The matter will be
brought up again at the next meeting.
Court Justice has arranged for its anni
versary banquet this week.
E. I. Wolf, S. A. White and H. F.
Hallett, supreme representatives, left for
Baltimore last week to attend the session
of the Supreme Court of the order.
The following named are the represen
tatives from California to the Supreme
Court that is to meet in Baltimore, M3.,
on the 27th inst.: Charles Hogg of Sara
toga, Emmett J. Hayden. San Rafael;
Lee Wells, Pleasanton ; George Staffler,
Santa Cruz; M. J. Walshe, Los Angeles;
J. A. Patterson, Stockton, and R. ! Rass
mussen, Fred Hensley, R. J. O'Reilly, E.
I. Wolfe. H. Goldman and S. A. White,
San Francisco.
ure and business. After the. business was
over there was a programme of entertain
ment-consisting of violin and piano. duet
by. Messrs Morrellend Kreuger/ recita
tion by Maurice Hyman, the presentation
by J. w. Gleadell on behalf of the court
of a. handsome emblematic gold badge
to Ben M. Clancy, past chief ranger, a
piano recital by* M. Kreuger and a few
interesting remarks by Tillman K. Her
ring. Then there was a good smoke for
all. Sutro Heights is ."a-moving and a-do-
Ing and keeping up its well-earned repu
tation for being one of the best courts in
the Jurisdiction. . ¦ • • ' ¦
Court San Francisco will visit the court
in Antioch on August 21, when there will
be in the hall of i that court a meeting
of all the courts of Contra Costa County.
The degree team of Court San Francisco
will exemplify the work by initiating sev
eral- candidates. It is expected that the
members of the court in Vallejo who have
been invited will be in attendance.
building, was a very enjoyable function
that was appreciated by -more than 20Q
persons who had received invitations. Af
ter an interesting address by Colonel G.
W. Chaplin, the commander, there was
a varied programme of music, songs; box
ing matches and specialties and recita
tions. There was a good supply of pipes
and tobacco to while away the time be
tween numbers. There was also a stir
ring address on what the army has done
by Colonel Geary.
Seven Fines Circle.
The fancy dress party given by Seven
Pines Circle. Ladies of the G. A. R., In
Occidental Hall on August 14, was well
attended and must have realized a goodly
sum forUhe circle's fund for the relief
of the old soldiers of the civil war. There
were many pretty costumes. .
Sons of Benjamin.
Sons of Benjamin have completed their
arrangements for the picnic which is to
be given on the 25th inst. by Pacific Lodge
No. ,134. More than two hundred prizes
will be distributed. Part of these will be
used as gate prizes and the others dis
tributed to winners in games, contests,
cakewalks and races.
Deputies Appointed.
The following deputy grand chief com
paniohs have been appointed by Miss
Alice Ticoulet, grand chief companion of
the Companions of the Forest of America.
San Francisco— Excelsior Circle, Mrs. L. At
wood of Robin Hood Circle; Bay City Circle,
Mrs. R. Kemp van Ee of Golden Era Circle;
Diana Circle, Mrs. L.-von Puttkamer of Robin
Hood Circle; Golden Gate Circle, Mrs. C. O.
Miller of Robin Hood Circle; Loreley Circle,
Mrs. H. Worma of Bay City Circle; Live Oak
Circle, Herman Kohn of Golden Gate Circle;
Robin Hood Circle, Mrs. E. Harrington of In
ter Nos Circle; Mizpah Circle, Mrs. J. "Wish
man of Excelsior Circle; Golden Era Circle,!
Mrs. C. O. Mtller of Robin Hood Circle; Bonlta
Circle, Mrs. A. Davis of Oakland Circle; Pride
of the Forest Circle, S. Schweitzer of Martha
"Washington Circle; Inter Nos Circle, Mrs. I*.
Atwood of Robin Hood Circle; San Francisco
Circle, 8. Schweitzer of Martha Washington
Circle; Presidio Circle. Mrs. L. Atwood of
Robin Hood Circle; Ferruccio Circle Miss E.
Rappin of Diana Circle; Martha Washington
Circle, Mrs H. Worms of Bay. City Circle;
Richmond Circle Mrs. L. Atwood of Robin
Hood Circle; New Century Circle, Mrs. E.
Harrington of Inter Nos Circle. >_ - .
Alameda.— Hamlet Circle, Mrs. A. cyWright
of Hamlet Circle.
Anaheim— Anaheim Circle. Mrs. R. E. Durfee
of Fidelity Circle, Santa Ana.
Angels Camp— Manzanita Circle, Dr. George
F Pache of Manzanita Circle.
. Elmhurst— Elmhurst - Circle, Mlsa A. D.
Bremer of Hamlet Circle, Alameda.
Grafton or Knights Landing— Queen of the
River Circle, Mrs. Minnie Graham of Queen .
° Grass VaUey-^Court Pride Circle, W. W.
Whiting of Court Pride Circle.
Haywards— Haywards Circle, T. H. Thorndike
of Haywards Circle.
Marysville— Tuba Circle, Mrs. P. Schwab of
Yuba Circle. • ' '_ " i
Nevada City— Freedom Circle, R. I. Ronchl
of Freedom Circle. ¦ — •
Oakland— Oakland Circle, Miss A. D. Bremer
of Hamlet Circle; Verbano Circle, Mrs. A.
Davis of Oakland Circle.
Orovllle— Orange Blossom Circle, Miss. Rosa
Peter of Orange Blossom Circle.
Petaluma— American Circle, M. Simmons of
American Circle. *,*.,¦,
Sacramento— Court Concordia Circle, Mrs.
Caecilia Dletsche. of Court Concordia Circle.
Salinas— Santa 'Lucia Circle, Mrs. Iva E.
Barlow of Santa Lucia Circle.
San Diego— Silver Gate-San Diego Circle.
Mrs. Annie Hynding of Silver Gate-San Diego
Santa Ana-Fidelity Circle, Mrs. R. E. Dur
fee of Fidelity Circle.
Santa Barbara— Ocean View Circle, • Mrs.
Phebe Eaton of Ocean View Circle.
Santa Rosa— The Rose Circle, Miss Maggie J.
Read of The Rose Circle.
Sonora— Sonora ~ Circle. Mrs. Jessie Simpson
of Sonora Circle.
Stockton— Stockton Circle, Mrs. K. V. Bon
ney of Stockton Circle. „
Watsonville — Pajaro Valley" Rose Circle,
Charles E. Feckham of Pajaro Valley Rose
Woodland — Marguerite Circle, Mrs. Lilly-
Powers of Marguerite Circle. .
SAYS SHE TRIED TO
TVrATfK A MAN OF HIM
Miss Hairies Says 'Mr/ Vail Is Very
Different From Her Other Gen
tlemen Friends. -
After Attorney Joseph C. Campbell had
put Government Expert Ames through a
course, of sprouts yesterday in United
States , Commissioner Heacock's court
Miss Alice Maud Harries, the Mill Valley
girl who caused the arrest of D. A. Vail
of Los Angeles, was recalled to the wit
ness stand. She repeated her testimony
of the previous day that she was positive
that he was the. writer of the indecent
letter received by her last Monday morn
ing. She had known him for four or five
years and had corresponded with him up
to a few months ago.
As to their social relations, she had been
only as a sister to him and had tried to
"make a man cf him," but had given up
the task as "a bad job.'' On being pressed
to explain wherein Mr. Vail was deficient
in manhood qualities Miss Harries replied
that he did not have enough "go" about
him; he was also different in his ways
from other gentlemen she had met, but
what this difference was she was unable
to describe. She had tried to get him to
be like her other gentlemen friends, but
had failed.
The witness reiterated her positive dec
laration that Vail, when he arrived from
Los Angeles last Sunday, asked her in a
very peculiar manner whether she had re
ceived his letter, and she replied that she
had not. ¦ .
Judge Heacoek took the case under ad
visement until Monday. ; *'
Street-Sweeping- Imbroglio.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday decided to recommend that the
bills of Gray Bros, for street sweeping
during July be paid with a reduction of
$155 as a penalty for poor -work. Super
intendent-King of the Merchants' Associa
tion, who had watched the work as it was
done, thought an additional penalty
should be imposed for neglect in sprink
ling streets during the first week in July,
but Inspector Dutton was unable to pro
duce a list of the "blocks on which the
work had been unsatisfactory.
King explained that the Merchants' As
sociation had withdrawn all objections to
the carrying out of the street cleaning
contract. It was admitted that the sweep
ing was poorly done during the first week
in July on account of the inexperience of
the contractors, but a -great improvement
was noticeable in the latter, part of July.
Federal Court Notes.
Nelson, Strong- & Co. of Bozeman,
Mont., and other creditors of J. G. Ward
& Co. of Ban Francisco filed a petition
yesterday in the United States District
Court asking that Ward & Co. be declared
bankrupt. C. A. Gowell of Uklah, a book
keeper, filed a petition in insolvency. ¦ He
owes $18G0 75 and has no assets. Manuel
Gonzales, a seaman on the steamship
Oregonian, filed a libel against that ves
sel to recover" $261 99, balance alleg-ed' to
be due as -wages. . ¦
/~^v N the night of the 14th inst.
/TV\\ Noble Grand Arch Julius S.
A \\ \ J Godeau paid the . first official
VV \\ / "rt 1311 °* the term to Monte
\^-^r verde Grove, of which Deputy
Noble Grand Arch C. Gugliel-
mod is a member. The Temple
at Fourteenth and Folsom streets where
the grove meets was decorated with ever
greens and living plants and over the sta
tion of the noble arch was the following
In large letters: "U. A. O. D. Welcome
Xoble Grand Arch Godeau and 'Papa'
Graves. Greeting to all your escort. La
bor, Love, Justice and Determination is
Monteverde Grove's motto. Committee of
one hundred." The head of the order was
accompanied by the deputy grand arch.
Supreme Herald James F. Martinonl,
Grand Secretary "Papa" Graves, Grand
Treasurer Horn. Grand Marshal Beck,
Grand Sentinel Couton and members of a
number of local groves. The visitors were
greeted with the spectacle of five candi
dates being initiated into the first degree,
the work being done in a very acceptable
manner by the officers in the Italian lan.
gruage. The noble grand arch congratu
lated the grove on the advance It had
made in the four months that It has been
organized and expressed the hope that the
gTovo would aid him in his endeavors to
secure 2000 members before the close of his
term. During the evening one of the
ppeakers who followed him asked how
many members of the grove would pledge
themselves to help the noble grand arch
attain that end and all arose, thereby
pledging themselves to do all that they
can along that line. There were addresses
by the visitors named and by Past Arch
Jl. M. Armstrong- of Olympia and Noble
Arch Hernan of Manzanita Grove, A ban
quet followed the close of the grove.
The last held meeting of. Hartnagle
Chapter was well attended and many mat
ters of interest were discussed for the
good of the order.
Vasco da Gama Grove at its last held
meeting received four candidates Into the
adoption degree and received one petition
for advancement into the order.
Morton, the French-speaking grove of
Los Angeles, is making an effort to have
a class of fifty Frenchmen to initiate in
appreciation of the fact that there is a
Frenchman at the head of the order at
this time. At the last held meeting three
strangers -were received into the order
and two applications were presented.
Modesto Grove, with an attendance of
thirty members at the last held meeting,
initiated a candidate with the temperature
at 10S. One application was received.
Llvermore Grove recently entertained
the noble grand arch at a banquet given
in honor or his election as marshal of the
Krand grove. At its last held meeting this
grove initiated two etrangers.
Gilroy Grove at its last held meeting in
itiated three candidates and elected three
to membership. During the evening
"Papa" Graves, who was a visitor there
and who delivered an address, was as
sured th?t the grove will enter the con
test for one of the prizes offered by the
noble grand arch. It is expected that this
prove will show the highest percentage
of Initiations during the term.
The Druidesses.
El Dorado Circle will have work in the
initiatory degree at its next meeting, after
whle:i there will be a social and tbe serv
ing of icecream.
Mistletoe Circle of Modesto, after the
initiation of two candidates at its last
JjeM meeting, had an entertainment and
dance, and the most prominent figure in
the gathering was John M. Graves, the
gran-i secretary.
Evergreen Circle of Stockton is now
meeting every week, and the officers, who
have become proficient in their duties,
have work in the initiatory degree at al
most every meeting.
Eastern Star.
Olive Branch Chapter of the Eastern
Etar on the evening of the 12th of August
had an nt home for members and their
friends, which was well attended and
proved to be a most delightful function.
There was a. piano recital by Miss M.
Walter, vocal duet by Mme. Roeckel and
daughter, recitation by Pauline Aaron,
vocal selection by Miss Roeckel, and
"Love Is Tyrant." sung by Mrs. Hose M.
Pistolesi, ihe worthy matron, in a man
ner that won for her much applause.
Then followed an Impromptu programme
of dances, including some of the old
country dances. This chapter will have
work in the conferring of degrees at its
next meeting.
Oak Leaf Chapter will have its chil
dren's party on the 22d" inst.
Golden Gate Chapter has aranged for a
children's party in the latter part of Sep
tember. This Trill be on the line of the
parties given by this chapter in that line
and which have been mest successful and
entertaining.
On the 17th inst. Laurel Chapter of San
Mateo had a social function in celebra
tion of its first anniversary.
Past Most Worthy Grand Matron of the
General Grand Chapter Mrs. Mary E.
Partridge is recovering- from a severe ill
ness, which confined her to her home in
Oakland for some time.
Past Grand Patron James Bestor Mer
ritt and family will leave shortly for De
troit, Mich., where the General Grand
Chapter of the United States will meet,
and after the close of the chapter he and
his family will leave for a tour of Eu
Beulah Chapter has arranged for South
San Francisco's greatest initiation in Its
hall tn the Masonic building at Railroad
and Fourteenth avenues on the night of
the 23d of September.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou has painted for
and presented to Golden Gate Chapter a
fine portrait of Venerable " Past Grand
Patron William S. Moses, founder of the
order on this coast. It will be kept In the
chapter hall. This chapter -will have Ini
tiatory work on the 6th of September.
Odd Fellowship.
On the night of the 19th inst. Apollo
Lodpe of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows will visit Loyal Rebekah Lodge to
attend a complimentary reception ten
dered by the members of that body to the
subordinate. On the evening of the 23d
Apollo Lodge will hold an open meeting
In Memorial Hall, on which occasion G.
G Burnett, past grand, will deliver an
Illustrated lecture, giving- his impressions
of a recent visit to Europe. The lecture
is entitled "Along the Riviera," and will
be an account of a trip along 6000 miles of
the southern coast of Spain, France and
Italy. The lecturer will also show many
slides of the Paris Exposition.
Parker Lodge will have four candidates
to initiate at its next meeting. Fidelity
Lodge expects to initiate three at its next
The relief committee has decided that
hereafter no brother of the order shall
serve as a. representative in the committee
except as a member of the lodge in which
he holds his membership.
Th.e Hebekalis.
The members of Walhalla Rebekak
Lodge, the German lodge of this city,
have appointed a wideawake committee
for the term, and It is expected that un
der its direction it will outshine any pre
vious committee in the line of social en
tertainment. ' V _ _ ,
There was initiation in Loyal Rebekah
Lodpe on the 12th inst- by the new offi
cers. All those who took part in the work
¦were attired in white and performed their
respective parts in a manner that ex
cited the surprise of many who did not
look lor letter perfect work on the oc
casion of the first Initiation by those who
inducted the candidates into the mysteries
of the order. The floor work was ad
mirable and it is doubtful if it has ever
been equaled in any lodgeroom.
Amity Lod&e had a social event on the
night of the 17th which was well attended
and proved to be a delightful affair.
The idea of the membership of Oriental
Lodge No. SO and the officers is that there
ehall be something: in the line of enter
tainment every meeting night. On the
night of the 14th Inst. there was a large
attendance of members and visitor*, and
after business the lodge was turned over
to Miss Sarah Draffin, the popular vice
Grand, who started a programme or danc
ing, 'and then had a peanut hunt. This
set all who participated guessing where
the peanuts were hidden. Miss Dletjen
of Amity won the first prize and Miss
Harris of Loyal received the booby. On
the 21st inst. the attraction will be a grab
bag party, entertainment and dance.
There will be a good programme, and as
it is to be during an open meeting it is
expected that there will be a full house.
Foresters of America.
f There was a large attendance on the
12lh lnst. In the hall of Court. Sutro
Heights In Pythian Castle, on which oc
casion there was a combination of pleas-
THE-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, ; ATJGUST 18 v 1901.
TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS
27
•v -¦ ¦¦-¦.¦ . ' ;*¦-¦ ¦: "-¦ - ¦ '-:• • ¦¦- . V ¦•' -" : : ¦ ',.. ¦ ' ' t
|CITYi F #g4PARIS|
• Dry Goods •^^^^^ Companyc |
Ifall noveltiesjI
2 POPULAR PRICED •
I SUITS, SKIRTS, COATS AND S
• JACKETS. I
| LADIES' TAILORED SUITS. •
0 '- Exclusive Effects in New Materials. •
I SILK AND WOOLEN DRESS SKIRTS. •
2 Original Ideas in Flounce Shapes. , - %
I LADIES' BOX JACKETS. |
2 . . Cut and WorKmanship Unsurpassed. , #
I LADIES' THREE-QUARTER COATS. I
J'- " The Proper Thing for the FalL .. ' S
3 ALL MAN-TAILORED GARMENTS. •
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
O SB. Corner Geary and StocKon Streets, San Franoisoo. ' •
? • , UNION SQUARE. " 0
• SEND ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS. ©
•••••••••^••••••••••••^•••'••'••••••••••••o»?
_ BAILWAY TBAVEL.
I Always in the Lead! 1
J Union Pacific Railroad I
I "THE OVERLAND ROUTE." I
m Louisville and Return. ..$77.50 Is
¦ Tickets sold Aug. 20th and 21st. 11
g Cleveland and Return. ..$82.50 i*
y Tickets sold Sept. 5th and 6th. jl
I Buffalo and Return $87.00 II
H Tickets sold Aug. 22d and 23d, ll
I Sept. 5th and 6th, and Oct. 3d l|
I Three Through Trains Daily. |
1 Time of the UNION PACIFIC I
fa from San Francisco to CHI- |
§1 CAGO Less Than Three Days I
m Without Change. 1
I DAILYTOURIST CAR SERVICE I
1 PERSONALLY CONDUCT- I
y ED Tourist Excursions Every 1
I WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY. I
9 D. W. HITCHCOCK, ||
H General Agent, I). P. R. R. Co., |
9 No. I Montgomery St., San Francisco, ll
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7rala« leave nml »re <lue «• nrrlv* ml
I NAN riCANt;iM<:o.
? (Main Uiie. Foot of Market Stre«l)
lkatk — From July 14, 1801. — ARRrni
":00a Beiiicia, Sulsun, Elmlra and Bacr*.
memo C:SSr
•JjOOa YacsTillo. Winters. Rumiej 7x33r
7 <3Wa Martinez, Sau Uaninn, V»llejo. Nspa,
Oaliltoca and SauU Ron O:33p
8.00a Davis, Woodlaud. Knlftiti Landlnj, *
Marjsiille, (iroiilla 7iS3r
8:00a A >l»ntio Kxpress— Ogdeu and Kast lS^Sy
HtOtiA Kilee. Lithrop, Stockton ~«a3j-
»:«Oa Niles, Mendota, Hacfoid. Visalla,
FcrtcrrlUe 4:33y
•:3Va Shasta Expreu-DafU, Williama (for
Bartlett Springs), Willowt, Bed
Blufl. Fortlaua...- 7(33*
».¦»•! Sail Jon, Lit erraore. Hkockton,
¦ lone, , Haorameuta, PlaosrTlile,
MnrytTUle, Cbico. lied Klufl 4i33r
SirOA Oakdale, Chinese (Ycsemite), So-
nora, Garten 4iS3f
9:OOa Hsyward. Nilri and Way Station!.. ¦ I :33a
M»i VaUeJo M«23»
•iOOa Los AnKole* Express — Martluez,
Tracy, I<atbrop, Stockton. Merced
Frstno and Los Asceles 7(33?
StSOA Vnllejn, Martinez and Way Station* 7s99r
I ftiOVt The OtctUimI Limited— Og&oa. Den-
¦ Ter. Omaha. Ohlomo.. •«»»*
Tl:*>»p Sacramento UWer Steamara t Sl< *>°A
8:30 p Ua; ward. Ntln and Way SUtiom.. 7:33?
4iOttr lleulcfa. Winters, Hacramento,
Woodland, KuigliU Landing,
MaryaTitle, Orofllle 10:03a
«t«ap M&rtinez. Han Itsiuon. Vallejo.
Napa. CSalUtnga. Santa Uosa »'»3a
4:00r Niles, Liiermore, Stockton, Lodi... ISiSSr
4 iit«p Hsyward. Mles,Mau Jme, LiTirmoro fSiH3A
4:30p port Coata, Tracy, Laihrop. Stockton 10:33a
3tO«p Tbe Owl Limited— JTieauo, Tularo.
Bakersfleld, Uaupia lor Santa Bar.
bara, Loa Anceles SiSS*
•tOOr Martinez, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 13:33y
•»O«p Yosemlte 13*33*
»i3Or New Orlsana Exprens— Mendota,
. . Fresno, B&kenfleld, Loa Angeles.
Iteming, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7i»3*
•:OOp Hay ward, Nllei and San Jose....... 7:33*
{•iOOp Vatlejo 11>334
OtOUr Oriental Mall— Ogdeu, Cbojenne,
Omaha. Chicago........ I*i23»
•tOOr Orleotal Mall— Of den. Dearer,
fit. Lou!». CWcigo 4:33*
?iO9r Oregon and California Rxpreaf,Naa>
raiiientn, ¦ Marjstllle, Iteddlnr,
rortlnml. I'll get Mound and Baat «i33A
¦ttSr Ban Pablo. Pork Costa. Uartlnes
and Way Stations IIiSSa
l»tO3p Valleln 7»33p
COAST LINE (N-rron Uauje).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' t7«43A Santa Onu Bxonraion to danta Oras ~ "
and Principal Way Stations ....... 1 8 xO3»
Sil 5 a Newark, C'ontur»ille,8an.loie, Felton,
- ' Boulder Oretk.Sauta Oiux and Way
Statics ••¦•»
t*il»v Newark CenterTlUe. San .lose, Nev
AlmadeD, Felton. lioulder Creek.
' , Santa Oras and l'rinciiial Way
Stations .-.; ...;... IOifl»A
4il!»r Newark. San Jo««, Los Gatos tS> s *A
««il»f Glenwood.BonldCT Creek. Santa Crn« «»i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
1Mb 811 muCISCO— Foal of Muktt Strut (Slip 0—
T7:1B 9:00 ll-.00i.ll. 1:03 3:00 S:10r.M.
riiaOUUKO— FiiltfBr«»d»ij.~tC;Oa t»:00 18:01
• 10;00».M.. 12:03 8:00 «:0Qp.M.
COAST LINE (Broad flange).
" . (Third and Tovrnseiid Sts.)
J «ilo» San Joae and Way hUtiona....^.... SiSVa
17:«Oa fiaii Josean.l \T»i StaUons. M ltSOp
• /TiOUA New Aluiadnu. / *llO#
• (7ittU* Sunday Exconlon for San Jcee, , '
: .,. Santa Crux. PidSo GroT* and
¦ Principal waj Stations. {StStf
•¦••a San Jos*. HoUister.' Hanta Crux.
Paeine Urote, Salinas. San Lola
. . Oblspo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
dpal 1-itermedUte Stations 7i80p
lttSftA Ban Jose and Way SUtions... ....... 8:30p
IIiSOa San Joie and Way Station! 0i30f
' 13i45» Satt Mateo. Iledwood, M»nlo Park.
. - Palo Alto. Santa Olara, Ban Josew
; HoUister, Santa Cruz, - Salinas,
Monterey mm! Pacific GroTe....;. tt0i43A
It tor San Jose. Trea Finos. SauU Ctuj,
Padflo Groro and Way • Btatlons 4:10?
; MsISp Sau Josoanil Principal Way Stations IM4&A
¦ issoor San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations f D:OO4
SiSOp 8an Joie and Principal Way Stations St30A
f iOOp Redwoad, Ran Jose, Gllrny, 8allnaa,
Santa Barbara, Los Ang«les 10:03a
. • CtSOp San Jose and Way Stations......... t«;Oo A
«ll:4Sr San JosaanJ War Stations - TtZOr.
- A for Morning. ¦ P for Afternoon. -
. t Sunday excepted. ". } Pundsy only. »,
- « Satnrday only. • ; • • « Monday.
« Saturday »nl Sunday. / Tuesday and. Frldsjo.
jgP^^*'^ < y#5*g^%fc*^J«g7*gfe^y~~
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
S% Hours' Bide From Loa Ang-elea, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Kighth Season of our Famous Marine Band. -
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
BOTETj METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLOT
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEA!. CAMP LJFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco. !
Or BANNING CO..
to South Spring st.. Los Angeles. CaL
r% If M /I ft f% noT SPRINGS. SONOMA
SK Olili\ Co - on 'y ¦»¦& hours from
V/AAIv/VU San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted tar
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel .and stags
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $3 a day or -
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GEEW, Skaggs. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through tie Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley S p..m. Send for
illustrated folder. TO. J. WHITE. Gen.
Agent. 630 Market at., opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F.: teL Black 3371.
OWN A HOME in t^ a l u CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. .
Fof rest and health | m THE SIERRAS
. near Colfax on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
2*00 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging,' good
table; finest scenery, water, sir, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $9.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
VICHY SFKINCS,
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water ia abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths TJnequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
Proprietors.
8ILR0Y HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 3:45
p m dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.
BEN LOMOND-
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains; S
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. • MRS. I. N. HAYES.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P O. EL VERANO. Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by.' Terms
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAI;-
DOU. Lessee.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive place in Lake Co. to ipend
a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling, etc.
! Accommodations for 230 people. Write for clr-
cular. Edgar Durnan. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during the deer season. Pack of hounds,
swimming and line table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llagas. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at; 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagona, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passensrers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etase Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing.
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more: grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttrin&er, Seaview. Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
THE LAUREL, Los Gatoa — First-class family
boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$8 to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in {ha
United States or Canada ona year for |1.
postage paid. '
CHJFOBm NORTHWESTERS El. CO.
SA1 FRANCISCO AND" NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. ;
Tlburen Farry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: SO p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11 '30 p. m.'
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.; !:»» »:*>.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. /^ .
San Rai'asl to Saa Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. 7:50, »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
-3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:35
and 8:35 p. m.-
SUNDATS-8:10, »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:«V
6:05, 6:25 p. m. > _
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am,
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. « :05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am - Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:10 am
Lytton, . '
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:00 am GuernevMe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:C0pm <:20pn
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma J 9:15 am 8:40 am
and f
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm t:20pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am) • 110:40 am]10:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:3a pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Springs and 'White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Bkaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls- |
bad Springs. Soda Bay. • Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs! Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*!, Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr 1 * ,Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. U«al. WUUts. Laytonvllle. Cummina.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. , '¦ ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. " J/ '
Ticket- Office, 650 Market strefet. Chronic!*,
Buildln*. .
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND 'DTJSTLfeSS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers. '. .
mning Car, Meals a la Cart*. .
-' Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
.. EASTERN POINTS.
g. 8. BLATR. Pen. Agt.. «33 Market at. L
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE,' INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market et., S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
RAILWAY -gBAVEL.
Many
Excursions.
Here are a few— only a
few— of the ROUND TRIP
rates from San Francisco
soon to be offered by the
.Burlington Route:
L0UISVILLE...S77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND...$82.50
. September 5 and 6.
BUFFALO ...$87.00
August 22 and 23.
. September 5 and 6.
Through standard sleep-
ers daily, San Francisco to
Chicago. Tourist sleepera,
Tuesdays and Thursdays —
Omaha, Kansas City, St.
Louis and Chicago, mak-
ing direct connections in
latter city • with similar
cars for Detroit, ' Buffalo
and Boston.
Write or call— we'll gladly
give you full information
about rates, limits, Btop-
¦ " overs, etc. \. -
The special advantage of
going East via the Burling-
ton is that you see all the
world-famous scenery of
the Rockies and yet rrmke
almost as fast time as the
• fastest.
llMfflfflffiml Sanborn.
(nUnuLMJ General Agent,
|M{fnn|!w|| 631 Market Street.
flMMHsWwBgil San Francisco.
GoingEast?
Cheap Rates
via Santa Fe
The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates cf
sale are below. Tlie other
details can bs had of the
Santa ' Fe Agents.'
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20-21
BUFFALO, $87.00
August 22-23; September 5-6;
October 3-4 •
CLEVELAND, $82.50
September 5-6
The best service and the most
. comfortable way is
. ¦'¦¦ '
Santa Fe
Ticket Office '
641 MRKET STREET
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• ¦..'.¦ Via Sausallto Farry. •<¦
. *¦ Commencing April 28. 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12-45 *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 'erlS. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays,. "Wednesdays, Saturday j
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7-.00. 8:00. »9:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. n:.10. 2:30. •3:45,6:00, 8:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m.: floes not run to San Rafael
drains marked (*) nin to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO..
WEEK-DAYS— *5:25." 8:27. 7:47, 8:33, 10:13
a m *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30. p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and. 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :15'. ¦¦ *8:00. 9:45, '11:00 a. m., »12
m. 1:00, 2:15,-.»3:30, 4:30./5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:U
P- Tralns marked (*). start from San Quentin.
S-KOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:55,- 8:55, 10:83
a. ml 12-35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 6:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,- /Wednesday*
and* Saturdays at 7:10 , and 10:35 p. m. .:
SUNDAYS— 6:25. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1-20 2 SO 3:45. E:"0. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
j.m, z.su. THROUG H TRAINS." , . * - ..
6:55 a. nuweek days-^-Cazadero and way sta-'
8 :15* p. '" m. ' Saturdays— <:asadero and way «ta-
'*- BO5 p.'' m. week -days (Saturdays excepted)—"
Tomales end way stations. - *a , k
6 a m Sundays— Cazadero ana way Btatlons.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and .way sta-
tlona. '¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
, TU fjuu»U» »«rry— Post of Market St.
''•Rgt 2: v:.i. week days.;... -ff g ;•*•-•
8KM&.M.) ;V> ' f 12:15 p.m.
8,-OOa.m. iV ¦ .' . -':, s ¦ ;-".. 1:15p.m.
, 10*0 A. M. I - SUNDAYS. ¦'- r 4 S:30 p " **•
? 130 P. tf. • ' 5^0 P. U,
':' Mb P. U. J ' I ?:10 P. K.
1 Vwn. w> PniMlM* »¦ Small Ukl R*torn. Sl.«
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Ferry.
Weekly Call,$i.ap per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fa Trains
• ¦ Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • . Dally Dally
Lv Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p g
*• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno*.. 2:05 p 2:35 p 8:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........^
" Visalla... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a ...;....
'"¦" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p B:20 p 7:S0 a .........
•• Kan City 1:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.... 2:15 p »:00 p
a for morning', 'p for afternoon.-
•9:00 a. -m. train is. the California Lim-
ited leaving Monday ! and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping CarB and Dining
Cars through • to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld $or accommodation of local
flratTclasa passenger*. » No necond-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:39 p. m.
dally. ¦ .."••"-¦¦) . ¦ '*
$M p. m. Is th« Overland Express, with
through Palace and ¦ Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago ;. also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.-
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
7:20* a. m ts Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In : San • Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. .
Of flees— 641 ' Market street and IniF<srnri
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lftnd. ! ' - ' * •'¦¦ -; ;:l__i^_^__Jj__._.';._; ¦' " ¦'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, AUGUST IS, 1901.
28
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from New York
' wishes engagement In -families; beautiful
gowns made; satisfaction guaranteed. 802
E Geary Bt ...
WANTED— Situation by honest woman In nice
family In Oakland or Alameda; Is a good
cook; will do washing; state wages. Box 2296.
Call office, Oakland. . ; •:.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
• Ironing; wages $1 25 a day. Call or address
812 Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED agreeable woman wants a
home with one adult; wages $6 per month.
Address A, Call Branch, 106 Eleventh st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position as
. -working housekeeper; home Monday. 322V4
Ivy ave.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements In
confineements; good references; termB reason-
able. Address 705 Ellis St.
DRESSMAKER In Alameda would like engage-
ments by the day at $1 25. Address 1032 Buena
Vista ave.
RELIABLE woman wants day work; washing,
ironing and house cleaning. 803 Clay st, cor-
ner Fifth, Oakland; telephone Red 3291.
SITUATION wanted by competent Canadian-
Scotch Protestant woman in private family;
good cook. Call 1231 Market st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by. the day;
washing, ironing, /sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind "of work; $1 60 per day. Call or ad-
dress 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
YOUNG lady wishes situation in flrst-class pri-
vate family: Is good seamstress; also assist
as lady' maid. "Apply, at 1057 Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER. House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
k*— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
and basrgage to and from ferry. -
PLAIN sewing- done; reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth St., room 8.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position In candy
or crockery store, 1530 Folsom st. > - -
• ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
v ' the city and pay for it
In monthly payments !
from the profits
of the' house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single,- for private
family; neat appearance; sober; use no to-
bacco ;. -willing and obliging; good horseman
and driver; many years with same employer;
undeniable references; wages $45 and found.
Address, this week, M. M.. 221 Sixth st.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman desires position
with any good banking or mercantile house;
' has general business experience ; has held
public positions of honor and responsibility;
last 12 years manager of bonking .and invest-
ment company with $100,000 capital; came to
coast for health of family: best of references.
Address box 477S, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
STUDENT of the Lick School wishes to work
outside of school hours for his board; experi-
. ence in garden and house work. Address C.
E. BLACK, 605 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— An experienced masseur would like
employment' in some institution or take care
of an invalid: good reference: Box 2297, Call
office, Oakland.
STEADY, industrious middle-aged man wants
work, private family,. 109k after horses, gar-
den, cow and useful; town or country; good
reference. Box 4906, Call office.
POSITION wanted by man of 26; willing to
work; experienced in carriage goods. Ad-
dress box 4898, Call office.
MILKEJt, Swiss, wants work on dairy, Ameri-
can place preferred. Call at Humboldt House,
1309 Stockton St. .
ELECTRICIAN, "first-class Inside wlreman
(non-union), wants work by the day or Job.
Address 1417 Brush st, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, cent to any address in th9
United States or Canada one year for $L
NIGHT watchman for permanent place; best of
references. Box 4S55, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as indoor serv-
ant or man about place. Box 4913, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED educated man -wants situa-
tion In private family or hotel to care for
' garden, make beds and assist at general
housework. Box 4771, Call office.
POSITION wanted in wholesale house by man,
good penman, quick at figures, some experi-
ence - in shipping, - billing and receiving; 30
years. Box 4748, Call office.
POSITION wanted— Experienced prescription
clerk; 10 years In business; no objection to
country. Box 4749, Call office.
STEWARD wants position; hotel or restau-
rant; city or country. Box 4757, Call office.
WILLING man wishes situation in a wholesale
or retail liquor store; understands rectifying
a little; good references. Box 4741, Call office.
INTERPRETER in Japanese, French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position in Police
Court, law office or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN. box 4723, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook and baker
wants situation;. hotel, boarding-house or pri-
vate family; first-class in every respect. Ad-
dress E. MORIMOTO. 923 Sacramento st
v t GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S 104 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT............!
¦ .Housekeeper, hotel, city ......' '..$25
Housekeeper, small boarding-house, country.
¦ $23
Head -waitress, - city .-.$35
2 waitresses, Marysvllle, fare paid $20
Waitress, Colusa, fare paid jio
; Waitress, institution, found and washing. .$25
Waitress, Walnut Creek $20
Waitress, Monterey . x $25
¦/I waitresses, Santa. Cruz ......$20
2 waitresses, Petaluma $20
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, country.
$10
"Waitress, State of Nevada, fare- paid $25
Waitress, Napa $20
2 waitresses, Alameda $2G
Waitress, springs J2O
Chambermaid to- wait. Woodland.... $23
Chambermaid to wait Sonoma $20
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city..
5; $20-$30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.....
2 sisters or friends, place together .$25-$20
"Woman -with a child $15
2 working housekeepers $15
10 places, country, fares paid..; $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
WANTED— Girl for general housework; family
of 3; email washing; no window cleaning;
wages $20. Apply 2714 Steiner st, near Broad-
' way, Monday, between 10 and 11 o'clock: ref-
erences required; German or Swedish pre-
ferred. . . ¦
STENOGRAPHER for shipping house; must
be rapid and experienced ; state references,
where - and how long last employed, salary
expected, etc. Address box 4722, Call.
"WANTED— A wetnurse; good wages paid. Ap-
ply by mail, giving age of baby, etc., to box
67, Stanford University. Cal. .
WANTED— In small family, young girl for gen-
eral housework; wages $10 per month. Call
Monday. 2518 Clay Bt. '
"WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking; four In family; German or Protest-
! ant preferred; wages $20. 2225 Pacific aye.
"WANTED— German girl; second work; easy
place; $25. Call Sunday, bet. 12-3 o'clock,
HARERIDQE & CO.. 323 Kearny st.
A GERMAN girl or middle-aged woman; light
housework, for 2 adults ; good home. Call
Monday, 1124 O'Farrell st j .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' " under-
skirts; steady work; good pay. A. AARON,
679 Mission st
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear: steady -work: best pay. L.
EAMTER & SON, 618 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' neckwear
and underwear. BAUER BROS., 21 . San-
some st. g .
YOUNG woman for country; cook, wash, assist
with general housework; wages $21 828 Turk.
YOUNG girl to assist with light upstairs work;
German preferred. 1018 Sutter st.
ELDERLY woman can find good home, small
wages, for housework, country. Bex 4775, Call.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. ApDly at
HALE BROS., between 8 and 11 a. m.
"WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. Apply
924 Post st
25 "HAND sewers to work In factory on chil-
dren's coats. 626 Mission St.. third floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work" in
factory. 526 Mission St., third floor. .
OPERATORS on ladies' wrappers. 52S Mission
Bt., third floor.
OPERATORS on children's coats. 528 Mission
St., third floor.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; Rood pay.
! JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery at
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gam. Ameri-
can Chicle Co., 27 Main st
GIRL for general housework; S in family; ap-
ply before 12. 2321 Jones st.
NEAT girl wanted for bakery: experienced
preferred. Teptonia Bakery. 108 Ninth st
GIRL for custom corsets; must have experience.
MRS. WALTER, 603 Powell st.
GOOD sewent on ladies' underwear to take
work home. 21 Sansome St.
WANTED — Pants finishers. HENRY HILP,
106 Battery St.; steady work.
ELDERLY woman to assist lady; good home;
German preferred- 1140A Howard st.
GIRL to sew labels on coats. Call Monday
morning 8 o'clock, 11 Battery at.
INTELLIGENT woman with business train-
Ing who can travel. Box 490S. Call office.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. 419 O'Farrell st, rear.
FIRST-CLASS button hole maker and finisher
on vests, $12 week; steady -work. 919%- Howard.
"WANTED— Young girt for general housework.
Call 405 Sutter st .
A GOOD girl to work In restaurant; wages $25;
Swedish preferred. Call at 143 Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and
plain cooking. 2815 Pine st
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
plain cooking. 9 to 12 Monday. 1732 Buchanan.
MCDOWELL'S! McDowell's! McDowell's!
Never In history of our school have we been
- so prosperous, every day bringing us new
pupils and many letters of Inquiry: we have
increased corps of teachers and prepared to
give most thorough course in dressmaking or
millinery, ever given on this coast. Visit or
write for circulars. 1019 Market st t
$25 TO $33 per week guaranteed; 5 ladies and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting, Hoover Hall. 1327 Market st
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
A GIRL for cooking, and housework; small
family: wages $20. Inquire 321 Kearny st.,
or 24 Beulah. - '. . •
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nan st.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
work; highest -wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan Bt
WOMEN and ' girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work: steady, clean -work all
summer. Apply, Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD. CANNING CO..
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit- Canners*
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
TAILORESS 'wanted: first-class on fine coats.
410 Kearny St., room 29.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
: Bhlrts. 535 Valencia et
WANTED — A woman for general housework.
Apply 679 Harrison Bt .
GIRL about 16 to assist In general housework:
small family. 6 Willow ave.. near Larkin st
"WAIST hands for dressmaking; also appren-
' tlces; paid while learning. 121 Post, rm. 49.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders:also an apprentice
wanted: steady work. Bookblndery. 636 Clay.
LADY to assist In light housework; good
home. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st '
GIRL to work on pants; steady work. 110 Wil-
liam st., off Geary, near Taylor. .
WANTED— Women for light I work on fruit
. 1731 Folsom st. ,'.¦;'¦ -?v,..'i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ~ -: •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A...w TO-DAY. SUNDAY
To-day, ; Sunday
.' To-day, Sunday
AtC. R. HANSEN &:CO.'S... .104 Geary st
10 laborers, country $3 a day and found
Free fare , Free fare
Railroad work Railroad work
.Free fare ..;... Free fare
FOR TRUCKEE
5 stonemasons .::... $3 to $4
.10 mason's helpers $2 to $2 25
- 60 laborers ."...*. $173
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters .......'...... 12
10O laborers .......... ....$2
........ FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and headers .'. $2 25 to $2 50
¦ 60 laborers and muckers *2
• FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers.^section work $173
~^Free fare- .. Ship to-day ...... Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st. J
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union—
• Free employment. 927 Market st. room- 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. ¦
UPHOLSTERER wanted— Must understand his
! business ' thoroughly and be' able to repair
'.' furniture; single man preferred ; to such a
man steady employment will be given. "Ad-
dress ' for S days box 4910, Call' office. •;
RUSTLER wanted for printing establishment:
.large plant; right man can acquire interest;
: references; corporation. Box 4911. 'Call office.
WANTED-^-Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE BROS., Inc. -
HELP WANTED— alALE-rCo^^
.MURRAY & READY Phone} Main eS4SJ,
...Leading Employment and Labor '.Agents...
634-62S Clay st.
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAl.
Office Open 7 A. M.. Sunday.! " ,,
SHIP R, R. MEN TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
75 teamsters Ukiah i..Fiee Fare
100- laborers Ukiah .Ftee Fare
25 men to cut right of way .;..',. .Ukiah
Free Fare Wages $2 *nd $2 2i
Camp Cook R. R. Camp- Fiee Fare
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, Ukiah Free Fare
SANTA FE R. R.
SANTA FEE. R . \ - '
- 250 men to work on section, ballast, steel and
other gangs, Stockton, Merced, Fresno and
along the Santa Fe' system.
Fre» Fare Wages $1 T5 day
¦^ S. P. R. R.— 350 Men. * \. .„..
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT. 1 .
Blacksmith R. R. Camp Free, Fare
Blacksmith and blacksmith's helper, sam»
ranch. $70 and found; 7 blacksmiths for other
places; 2 blacksmiths' helpers; floorman, shoe-
Ing shop; woodworker and wheelwright coun-
try shop, $2 50 day; carriage painter, country
shop good Job, $3 day; band sawyers, country
planing mill, $3 day; 2 stone cutters; safe-
maker; machine blacksmith.
; MINES. QUARRY, TUNNEL. ETC.
a machine miners, good place. $83; 6 single
hand miners, $75; 10 drillers, $2 to $2 50 day:
15 muckers, mine ...$60 and found
5 laborers, quartz mine, north, $73; 10 labor-
, «rs for mine, no experience required, $45 and
r? Un .i« 6 labore rs. mine, surface work,, Napa
t«' *^? and foun <l: 3 laborers, southern mine,
»4. and found; 55 laborers, mines; 10 men to
?Jh£ ca . ra of coke for mining company; 33
Jk borers f °r quarry work
5L1 « er i\, dltch work . Shasta Co.. reduced
lahnL 7 , drIllers - *'3; 5 tunnel men. $90; 15
i™,n?J^ or oth « r kln<i9 <* *>bs to city and
country, wages from $1 50 to $4 day.
m"V,\u;" agricultural dept
51 farmers for steady Jobs.. ..$25 to $35 and fd
8°™,? C r teamsters $25 to $40 and found
Si™. >, °V nreshlr - s outnt »« and found
23 orchard and vineyard hands.. $26 to $30 & M
n n?v\?T Cker V are W 50 W> and found
found ' and 20c per ton « day and
Butter maker and milker!" MarinCounty".! $56
vat.Sf™? 11 «? d chore boys. ranches and prt- ' '
vate, $lo to $30 and found
-•••- •-• MISCELLANEOUS
Laborer that can fire boiler, factory, city....
Gardener. instituVlonT.IV.""!"&'and^ound !
Laborer for retail coal yard. dty........$2 day
Milk wagon driver: 10 stablemen, hostlers and
buggy washers, $30 to $60; man to work in
coal yard, $20 to $25 and found
Gardener, Santa Clara County.. $30 and found
Boy to help on express wagon, city
.10 woodchoppers. mine company $175 cord
HOTEL. BAKERY, ETC., DEPTS...
Cook, boat, no strike $60
3 cooks, country hotels, $40-$43; cook for
camping party; cook, family resort; 3 ranch
cooks; 3 camp cooks; 10 waiters. $30 and $35-
3 camp waiters, $30 and 520; 3 potwashers 17
dishwashers; 8 kitchen hands; 5 porters; 3
bakers; 4 butchers; 10 bakers' helpers; stew-
ard: head waiter/ dishwasher for officers"
mess
To-Day (Sunday), open 7 a. m
MURRAY- & READY. 634-636 Clay at
A— SPECIALS
Bookkeeper and stenographer for ranch; fore-
man for a grading camp; -working foreman
for a ranch, must understand something
about machinery
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 gay st
AT the CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
53 Third st, near Call bldg. 'Phone Bush 405.
Railroad Laborers
Ukiah .„.. Ukiah
FREE FARE
. EO railroad laborers Ukiah. .....$2 per day
BO axmen and teamsters.. Ukiah %2 per day
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno Divisions
....50 shovelers for the Santa Fe Railroad....
..Reduced rates to Shasta and Trinity Cos..
10 tunnelmen ¦ $3 per day
10 hammersmen ..$2 50 per day
20 laborers $2 25 per day
,Man and wife, man must understand land-
scape gardening, wife to do laundry and
housework, no cooking $50 and found
Camp waiter $20 and founds
"WANTED— A working engineer in manufactur- ?
ing establishment: one that can file saws,
look after shafting, belting, etc; state refer-
ence and experience. Box 4903. Call office.
CLERK for shipping house; must have office
experience; state reference, where and how
long last employed, salary expected, etc. Ad-
dress box 4772. Call office.
WANTED— Young men with natural talent for
drawing to train aa newspaper artists by
mail; write for free circular lesson. School
of Caricature, World bldg.. New York City.
WANTED— Strong boy living with his parents
to work around store. Apply Monday, 1a.m.
215-217 Washington st
"WANTED— Apprentice, over IS; assaying & met-
allurgical work; no salary 1st yr. Box 4779, Call.
"WANTED— Collectors on salary.. Apply 993 Post
st. 8-9 a, m., S-6 p. m. WM. W. LYON.
ELDERLY practical gardener can find steady
place; small wages; country. Box 4774, Cail.
"WANTED— Young man for porter work; stata
wages expected. Address box 4904. Call office.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed printing press.
306 California st.
GOOD teamsters panted. City Street Improv«-
ment Co.. Seventeenth and Harrison sts.
BOY about 14 to learn printing trade. Tounj
Folks' Weekly. 516 Commercial st.
"WANTED— Shoemaker, .repair work; steady
man. Apply 442 Devisadero st.
GOOD cabinet makers wanted at 83S Folsom
st . WM. BATEMAN.
WANTED— Good pastry baker. Ill Taylor st
OPERATORS -wanted, steady -work and good
wages, at HENRY HILT'S, 104-106 Battery st.
"WANTED— First-class house painters; $3; S
hours. Office 5S4. Parrott building. 8 to 2.
SHOE cutters on men's heavy goods. Address
California Shoe'- Company, Petaluma.
GOOD night dishwasher at 1201 Flllmor* st.
. corner Turk. ,
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgoml^
ery st. ,
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 1507 Market st.
near Eleventh.
DINING-ROOM porter; $13 and round. SZl
Grant ave. \
BY established manufacturing; house, resident
manager for general sales agency; salary $1300
yearly, extra commissions ; office duties -ex-
clusively; "must furnish $2000 cash; satisfac-
tory references. District Manager, 722 Union
• Trust bldg.. Cincinnati, O.
CTVTL service Government positions— About
9500 appointments made last year; probably
10,000 this year; only a common school educa-
. tlon required; catalogue free. Columbian Cor-
respondence College, Washington. D. C. .
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 413. Parrott building.
LAUNDRYMAN wanted; good washers and
starcher. $33 and $30; board and room. Stan-
ford Hand Laundry, Palo Alto, f
WANTED— Young man who Is an •xperlenced
delivery wrapper. Apply at HALE BRO9..
between S and 11 a. m.
WANTED— A man of good address and ability
to sell to the merchants in San Francisco and
other cities patent stone door showcase and
is a frost preventer also: commission large;
fine working model: fine display; photo. W.
G. FLINT, San Jose, Cal.'
A THOUSAND men. sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers-; steady employment and good wages If
work Is satisfactory. Apply Lumber Deal-
ers' Association. 209 Examiner building.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop s for sale; corner
Greenwich and Baker sts., near Presidio;
good location: good trade; reason, goinffi
East; price $23. Inquire at shop. ¦
"WANTED — Experienced men's fnrnlshlnjr
goods salesman; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 4750. Call office.
WANTED — Good man in planing mill to saw
out for sticker and run planer; steady Job.
Address box 4759. Call office.
BOY of 18 to work In grocery store at 2101
Golden Gata ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush,
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity, Co.. Cal.; apply dn
work; steady work, good board and . best
¦wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks" practice:
. two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free-: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied :
call or write at once for ' free catalogue and
special offer. - ilOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st
WANTED— Recruits for • the marine corps. U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 3 feet 4 inches and not over 6 fe>t 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recrultlne
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. . .
AI i T £P~ Laborer3 and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two good insurance men for flrst-
class debists. Apply W. H. FRY. room 6 403
Montgomery st. from 8-9 a. m. and 5-8 p. m.
fl " t ;S lass cabinetmakers on wood maA
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 5S1 Market »tT
q w2?bSSi£ 2 or 3 K00<1 MOUcit0n - » Colua:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
' EXCHANGE.
A, DOUBLE seat tricycle; cost $300. What
have you? Address HOLTUM, 617 California
st, S. F. , »
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valenciaitel.Capp 2687.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FINANCIAL.
"WANTED— Loan of $2500 from private party
' on interest in estate. Box 4776, Call office.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
) or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
$20— WORTH $25— Fine sunny flat; 2206 Grove st,
one-half block from Park. LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st. .
COLE, 769-771, .bet. Beulah and Frederick st«". —
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. '
EDDY, north side, between Franklin and Gough
— Elegantly decorated flats, 9 rooms each; all
modern Improvements. - -
FLATS of 2, 3 or 5 rooms, convenient for house-
keeping; rent from $3 to $13. 915 Sacramento
St., between Powell and Stockton.
TO let— Elegant modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. . 726 Shrader st, one block from the
Park; rent $32 60.
NEW upper sunny modern flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate ave., opposite Jeffer-
son Square. ¦ .
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
¦ • HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most •wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail ; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readings by mall.
BUSH, 863— Modern, sunny upper flat to lease
furnished; adults; roomers retained If desired.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat desirable part
California st. Box 4752, Call office.
JULIAN ave./ 137, near Sixteenth and Mission
— 8 rooms and bath. - :
EDDY, 933— Upper flat, 4 sunny rooms; bath;
stairs carpeted; no children; fine, location.
NEW, elegant modern flat' to let; 7 rooms and
. bath. 984 Pine : St., near Taylor. '
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard,- basement; reasonable to good tenants.
ISMAR, the .Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
' ' 6th ; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate— Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never fails;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission st: phone Howard 2675.
MME. PORTER, wonderful i clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clatr. sit, $1 EO. 126 Turk.
MME. MONTAGUE. . • •
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not 'one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gtae ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed- by mall; send stamp ; f or pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture.' If you are In trouble, discontented; un-
happy .or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
ISMAR THE GYPSY,
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for a lack of /ore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ; ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m..
Sundays by appointment only, at her office, 114S
Market St., opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: stttinsn dally: test to all to-nlghtlOc.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer. 603 California
St.; communications answered by mall; 25c.
MRS. ADA FOYE will give sittings this week
at 1423 Market st. from 1 to 5 p. m. daily.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
10c; readings dally. GOc, $1. 148 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading; 50c. 1007% Market St.
MRS, HUBBARD. 109 Oak 1 ; circle Tues. & Fri.,
8 p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily, 50c.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 23c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 jj- m. ; every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. ; corns, ingrown nails, .., warts ; paln-
" less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. ; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
. , COLLECTION OFFICES.^ '_ r ~^_-^:.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful.. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO^IJBI^^^
COTTAGE, "8 rooms; lot 25x120; near Golden
Gate Park; cheap; small cash payment, bal-
ance $10 per month. Address box 4856, Call.
FIVE rooms, bath, garden, stable, ; 234 Ando-
j§ ver st, near Cortland ave., $15. Apply on
premises to-day; Mlsslon-st. cars.
$10— COTTAGE, 8 rooms, partly furnished, " In-
cluding piano. 606 Hermann st., nr. Flllmore.
$11— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms; large yard. 1108
r Filbert st. near Leavenworth. ¦
DENTISTS. _. J^ JW .
'A— DR. T.^sThIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
I for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $la;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
¦ without plate; painless extraction. •'¦'¦."
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without' plates our specialty; » gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J, W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes' for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings; extractions or fillings by my_
¦wonderful secret painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.'
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
BOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
i5r. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less axtractlon 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
T'ull set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
BOc. N. T. Dentists. 969 Mission St.." cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
day3. Market Bt. corner Sixth.
SET ' "ofXteeth' without' plate. DR. Hi G.
TOTJNG/-1341 Polk St. '
DERMATOLOGISTS/ ' \
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massages with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN, 930 Bush st.
. DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all .legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
. tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South SSI.
DISSOLUTION OF- PARTNERSHIP.
THE partnership existing between . JAMES
CAMPBELL and THOMAS A. PETTUS, un-
der the firm name of Campbell & Pettus, Is
hereby dissolved by mutual consent on this
date. All existing contracts will be completed
by the firm. Signed: -
JAMES CAMPBELL.
THOMAS A. PETTUS.
• August 17, 1901. -' ¦ " . - |
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES I
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Clas3 rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
nigIitIschoIdlHFor^me^
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any othe? night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1: departments — Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. ' J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business CoUege, 723 Market—
$8 per month ; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
Bpelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an | accredited preparatory
Bchool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL^MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
. Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur- '
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping: and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st
LADY graduate of Boston Conservatory gives
piano instruction. 75c lesson. Box 4S91. Call.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolln lessons, 00c. W. P. Chambers, 244 Taylor.
MISS GORMAN'S classes in elocution; $2 per
month up; hours, 9-2. 14 McAllister sf
SPANISH lessons by competent old Castlllan
teacher. PROF. MAYA, 210 Eddy st.
FRENCH classes and private -lessons; also
piano lessons. Box 4901, Call office.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. .1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S.' F.;
founded 1863; .new 80-page catalogue free.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
•ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day, or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
. cooks, waiters and house servants. " GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426. t
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT' WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Institution ?cook desires sit-
uatlon; refs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman j wishes situation;
second work and care of children; country:
good refs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt
AMERICAN lady, studied abroad. French, Ger-
. man, music, good reader, desires position to
teach in school or family, or as chaperon,
companion or private secretary; highest cre-
dentlals. K. W.. box 4895. Call office. - ' -. -
WANTED— Chamber work; no table waiting;
good references. Box 4875. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wishes
work; $150; suits remodeled; quick - worker.
-Address box: 4782, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day or
•, week as kitchen > helper, and | dishwasher. * or
chamberwork or housework; sleep home. -340
Third St., ,:¦ ; . . .... . , • , •
POSITION as working housekeeper. Box 4889,
Call office. .
WANTED— By middle-aged lady to do upstairs
work and take care of children; references
given. ¦ Call or, address 3305, Twenty-fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED German .widow . without ln-
cumbrance . wishes position as v housekeeper;
-; country. Box . 4890. Call office. .
DANISH girl wishes any kind "of work by the
; day. . 1331 Fulton st ¦ . - - '.
POSITION as housekeeper; best' of references.
Address MRS. I. l R. GORDON. . 911 Taylor.;
TRAINED nurse would like to care for a lady.
BE at I her own - home ; . all modern conveniences.
- : For, particulars , address ' box , 4746. . Call . office.
POSITION;- American woman will take care of
'.an Invalid or as ' housekeeper. ' 144 Silver st,
: between Third , and ' Fourth. - V-'.:
A- STRONG woman I wants work I by. the I day,
* .washing and ironing or house-cleaning. - Call
or address A: N., 62 Tehama st.
FREE tests to ladies every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted for
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and medlumis-
tio talents developed in others under writ-
ten guarantee in 90 days or no charge: It
r costs not one cent to test my ability and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 363
Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
$200—8 ROOMS; nicely furnished; a pick-up,
437% Fourth st; rent $20.
$150— LODGING-HOUSE 6 rooms; rent $16; a
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. -777& Market.
WILL exchange for lodging-house; 30 acres
part in fruit; 5-r. house, barn, horses, cows,
chickens and tools. Donnelly Co., 632 Market.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
No. 917 Market St. (near Fifth St.)
FISHER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R.....$1800
60 R 3,000 37 R 1S0O 19 R 1400
30 R 1.000 16 R 530 12 R 450
10 R 300 9 R 300 6 R 300
WINSTIN & WOLF, JD26 Market St.
32 rooms; rent $45; reduced to $1250
27 rooms; corner; rent $75 1500
125 rooms; a money-maker; see it.
65 rooms; modern; just listed.
$1100—15 ROOMS: Ellis;, close in.
$5000 — 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
{650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See these, samples from big list at my, of flee:
CO-room hotel; clears $375 a month $6500
8 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 each month 325
22 rooms; crowded with nice families;
almost no work; only $60 rent.....' 1400
14 rms.: rent $45; income $S2 from 6 rms.
50 rms. ; cor. apartment house ; clears $145 2500
44 rms. ; sunny; quiet; furn., carpets Al;
rent only $120; house clears $150 month 3000
BOSTON Agency, 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth-
It will pay buyers to call and Investigate our
business chances for this week. A 30-room
house, rent $25; 56- room house, good location;
. 22- room house, rent $25; 11-room house, a
. great bargain; 15-room house, located on
Market st. , rent $30, must be sold, party go-
* Ing East, good chance; grocery and bar, low
rent; good chances in cigar and candy stores;
second-hand furniture store, good location,
low rent, stock represents Its . value, price
$1500. .McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market St., opp.
Fifth. ...
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.,
I Rooms 21, 22 and- 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house .or business
to eell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains. .
65 r. ; rent $350; -cor.; fine loc. & trans.. $4000
46 r. ; rent $175; cor.; good loc., fur., carp 5000
34 r.; rent $200; cor.; fine board 3500
26 r.; rent $115; cor.; clears $100............ 1600
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p. c.
15 r. ; rent $65; cor. Van Ness; boarders.. 1200
10 r. ; rent $28; fur.; piano; must . sell .... 650
3 to 12 rms. flats; elegant; $150 to 1500
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
LODOING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
H. C. DECKER •
.1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $30 to ?23,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms, $100 to.. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $80 to.... — ..... A50
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms, $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000. to. 8,000
40 grocery' stores, $400 to 6,000
*. 20 candy stores, $300 to.. i.. 6,000
40 saloons, $400 to '........-.....'...... -6,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to 1,000
500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
, 100 vacant lots, $25 to. i 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $000 to.. 60,000
5 chicken ranches, <400 to....: .%..:. 1,700
GO ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14,000
...To Buy.'Sell or Exchange Angthing Call.:'.
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market
OLIVE- ave. 113 — 4 rooms and bath; key at
Polk and O'Farrell sts., near by;. $18.
MMB. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
German spoken; 25c up. 777'^ Market St., r. 18.
PINE, 1322 A— Modern flat 6 rooms and bath; sun
all day.-" i .
ONLY 1 left; new, sunny, 7 rooms; modern, up-
to-date, marine view. Van Ness and Union.
Mrs.Mallory.clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 60c. 1538 Markt.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MME. LIDIE LIND MAY, psychic and scien-
tific palmist; ladies 50c, gents $L 128 Turk.
VALENCIA, 1008, near 21st— Flat fi rooms and
bath; rent $20. . , .
$22 B0— 1243 CLAY st; 7 rooms and bath; fine
. view. . . - . ; i
A. .WOLLPERT. ' 773 Mission St.; pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red. 1334.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STR-AT-
. TON, S Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944. \
TEL. Jessie ' 761 before selling - furniture, . car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
CITY. Steam Carpet-beating Works. '. G. • H.
. STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st.;. tel. South 250,
J. .: E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
' vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
BEFORE selling .your furinture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. TeL Jessie 1160.
Auctioneer • -W." P. : Beauchamp, 3 Golden ' Gate
. • ave.; tel.^Tessle 126; furniture, mdse.; bought.
CAL Auction Co., 1462 Market—Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; ' phone Jessie . 2071. "
FURNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE ; of 7- room flat for sale; reason-
able. ApDly 1150 Mission st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 EO, with No 7
.range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted- with poor . work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
. ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel.: South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING, < 3c; laying; - 3c: renovating. Be «up;
I work guaranteed. . T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
-reasonable. 1703 Harrison;- tel. Mission 263. I
CONKLIN'S Superior, Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franjfsco
Call, comer of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 O'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. ,
689 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m..
1S41 MiEEion street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. ". ':'.,/
Ws Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109t> Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First), Bouthwest corner
Geary and Franklin Bts.— Rev. Bradford Leav-
iu, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns. minister
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superintend-
ent of Sunday school. The Sunday school is
at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach; sub-
ject "The Laborer, the Capitalist, the
Church and Jesus Christ." All are cordially
Invited. There Is no evening service. ¦
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth Ets.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 8:45 o'clock. The
minister will preach at 11 o'clock on "The
Law of the Harvest Illustrated by Omar
Khayyam." There will be no evening serv-
ices during August
CALVARY Presbyterian Church— Services In
St. John's Church, corner California and Oc-
tavia sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D., pastor;
Rev. George C. Eldredge. associate pastor-
elect. Dr. Hemphill will preach at 11 a. m.
Topic, -'Sabbath Desecration." Mr. El-
dredge will preach at 7:45 p. m. Topic, "For
the Sake of Others." Sunday school after
the morning service. Christian Endeavor So-
ciety. 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
evening. S o'clock.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D Hutslnpiller will conduct services at 11
o'clock and preach on the topic, "Who Can
Bind the Sweet Influences of the Pleiades?"
and at 7:45 on the topic, "Some Fine Firm
Laws of Right Living." Free seats and. good
music under direction of Professor Lucy. The
people are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, O.D.,
pastor. Rev. W. M. Kincaid, D.D., of Hono-
lulu. H. I., will preach at both services: at 11
a. m., topic. "Heart Ease": at 7:45 p. m..
topic, "Truth's Appeal to Conscience." All
are cordially invited.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. rec-
tor. Holy communion, 7:30 a. m.; morning
services, 11 o'clock; evening prayer. 4 o'clock:
Friday, services for army and navy, at 11
a. m. The rector will preach.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st_, near
Twenty-third— Pastor, Rev. J. George Gib-
son. Morning service, 1L Sermon by Rev.
T. G. Brownson, D.D.. president of California
College. Evening, 7:45, sermon by the pas-
tor and barytone solo, "My Father Knows."
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter st. between Kearny st and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. ; subject, "Mind." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at S o'clock. Free reading room,
206 Kearny st, room C10. All are welcome.
R EORG A NIZ ED Church of Jesus Christ,
Druid Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth Ets.
—Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m.; preaching, 11
a. m., by A. H. Smith, patriarch; 7:45 p. m.,
by Joseph Smith, president of the church in
all the world. This church believes In one
true and living God. who created man in bis
own form: it believes that if he ever did re-
veal himself to man. he will do so now, as he
is "unchangeable" and "no respecter of per-
sons."
THE First Mental Science Temple meets every
Sunday morning In Golden Gate Hall, 625
Sutter St.. at 11 o'clock sharp. New thought
subjects presented this morning. Prof W. A.
C. Smith will lecture on "Our Mistakes." •
Seats free. Collection taken. It is desired
that all members of Temple be present for
business after lecture.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge of Theosophy— Free
public lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood
building, 8C9 Market st.. 2d floor; subject to-
night. "The Birth of Man," by Swami Abhay-
ananda; study class, Thursdays at 2:30 p. m.,
conducted by Mrs. Alice Best. Public cordially
Invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture in
Odd Fellows' building to-night at 8 o'clock;
Building of the Individual, part 3; subject
"The Coming of Man."
MEETIXG XOTICKS— Contlnned.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. <^3S^>.
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY EVE, f3gS-o!g
Aug. 19. 1901. Three candidates. ¦^5$XZ^2-
. All brothers cordially Invited. •
C. F. : PHILLIPS, N. G.
J. J, PHILLIPS. Rec. Sec.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. ¦jg'&$SH£3b._
F.— Regular meeting TUESDAY S^SiSe:
EVENING,' Aug. 20. 190L • Initia-
I tory degree. '"
W. T. LYON, N. G.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society, will be held at the Sailors'
Home, Main and Harrison sts., WEDNES-
DAY. August 2L 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
r MRS. WM. H. BARNES. Cor. Sec.
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on SUN-.
DAY,. August IS, In front of the new City
Hall on Market st. to discuss the issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON;
NELL and other eminent speakers will ad-
I dress the meeting. Come one, come all.'
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held' at -777 Mis-
elon St., San Francisco. Cal., on FRIDAY.
August 23. 1901, at' 8 o'clock p. m., for the
election of directors for the . ensuing term,
and also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close Tuesday, August 20, at 4
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of. dl-
rectors. , - M. C. GORHAM. ' Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS ' (either" sex) to handle, big money
maker; can make $15 weekly; write for par-
ticulars. Perfection Mfg. Co., 127 E. 23d st,
New York City. . '
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to Eell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SOLICITORS— Salary and commission. Equlta-
ble Indemnity Co., r. 4. floor 10. Mills bldg.
AGENTS everywhere to sell stock "gold
mine"; good pay. Newton & Harter, 759 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages., in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ASPHALTUM _ ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, 'sidewalks re-
- paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE f ree jdlvorces private ;bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 100S% Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS, 397 Parrott bldg.-Bank-
ruptcy. " estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Bt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with her own home will board children;
I reasonable; near school. ; 4025 Twenty-fifth st.
; 2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care: $10 up; sunny yard. 1607- Calif ornia.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
| nlshed room for parent 741Vi Folsom st
' GOOD home for children; $8 up; neax school.
! £137 Prince St.. Berkeley. \
I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
! FINE opening for an active man -with good
business .qualifications; single man preferred;
good future for good man: capital needed $500.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, -
917 Market st.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2.
DRUG Etore and fixtures for sale; fine oppor-
tunity; location corner Geary and Devisadero
sts. For particulars apply to LANGLEY &
MICHAELS CO.. 38 First St., or Board of
Trade of San Francisco, 202 Market st.
WANTED— An active young man as a partner
in an established cash business; duties easily
acquired; profits will average $100 a month to
each; no night or Sunday work; 'capital re-
qulred $500. DOSTTELLT CO.. 632 Market St.
3IEETIXGS — SUNDAY.
CHAS. BROCKWAY— 25c; seance to-night;
write your Question home and bring to this
seance, where you will receive communica-
tions that will Blay skepticism on threshold
of interview; every one will receive commun-
lcatlon or money refunded. 239 Hyde st
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun., Tues., Fri.. » p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1084 Bush et~; teL 2275 Larkin.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant tells
past, future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: open Sundays; hours 10 a- m. to
8 p. m. 213% Sixth st.
(A)— I. F. T. BIBLE, Sunday BChool and
church, 909 Market— 11, free; 2-8. 10c; Seely.
Wilson. Nilsson; ordination; officers' meet-
Ing. 4 p. m. ; benefit Tuesday evening for Sls-
ter Julia.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister,
Sunday. August 18, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Lillie;" subject, "Restlessness."
Admission free.
GRAND spiritual meeting. 909 Market st, rear
hall— 11. free; 2-8. 10c; Mr. Swan, Mme. Max-
well. Kotter. "Wrenn. Stodard. Mott, McKee,
the Inspirational singer; others.
G. F. PERKINS, N. S. A_ missionary, speaks.
Fines and gives tests. 2 p. m.. Occidental
Hail, 305 Larkin St.; also evening. Wood-
men Hall. Oakland.
MISS WILLIE, crystal seer, clairvoyant me-
dium; greatest of her kind; from Paris; sit-
tlngs 8 to 8. 50c. 226A Ellis st.
MRS. EBEKHARDTS spiritual test meeting,
3250 Twenty-second St., between Mission and
Valencia, i p. m.: 10c
VAN ANKEN. free character reading: and
palmistry lecture, free readings, 8 this eve.
<23 Ellis Bt. '
Mrs. Stoddard, convincing test to all; circles
10c. Sunday. Tues. ; readings dally. 278 9th.
MRS. SEAL, medium; readings daily; cures
tobacco habit or no pay. £21 Golden Gate ave.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle to-night 25c;
sittings daily. 136 West Mission, near ISth.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual test meetings,
8:15 p. m.. 10c; sealed quea. read. S05 Larkin.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat; 10c 148 Sixth st, 2d floor.
EGYPTIAN moustafa materializing seance, t
p. m.. BOe. 1610 Bush. nr. Franklin; no sign.
TEST circle to-night 8 o'clock, 10c: readings
daily, 50c. MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night 328 El-
lls St.; full names given, etc., 25c
M EETI3T G S-— Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League, the
humanitarian dept of U. B. organization-
Meeting next Tuesday, 8 p. m., at 310 O'Far-
rell Bt; subject "The Uneolved Problem."
All Invited. To-night meeting for members
only.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. - -at
„ T.— AU members going to Louisville *lsSf B
I are notified to have their baggage de- fPe
livered at the Masonic Temple before of
i p. m. of SUNDAY. August 18. Boat
leaves foot of Market st. at » p. m. SHARP.
H. T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and m
A. M., will attend the funeral of our Jk
latp brother. WENTWORTH PORTER Vy
•SERVANT. SUNDAY. August 18. 1901. /V\
at 10:30 a. m.. Masonic Temple. Master Ma-
eons ' and friends respectfully Invited. ' By
order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Court Twln^« ( am
Peaks No. 7536, A. O. F.— You are re- c*»
quested to assemble at the Masonic jt\
Temple. Post and Montgomery Bts., to «¦
attend the funeral services of our late broth-
ers, W. P. SERVANT, on Sunday, August IS
at 11 o'clock a, m. sharp. By order.
t P. L. MOORE. C. JL
ALEX. SMITH. F. S. ¦
OFFICE of the American Pacific Mining and
Development Co., room 97, Donohoe building,
1170 Market st. S. F.— To the stockholders of
the American Pacific Mining and Development
Company: Please take notice that the first
annual meeting of the stockholders of the
American Pacific Mining and Development
Company of San Francisco. California, will
be held at the company's office, San Fran-
deco, on MONDAY, the second day of Sep-
tember, I30L at 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of electing directors and for the transaction
of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting.
The etock transfer books of I the company
¦will be closed on Monday, the 2£th day: of
August. 190L at 5 o'clock p. m., and will
remain closed until Tuesday the Sd day* of
September. MOJ, at 10 o'clock a. m. By order
of the Board of Directors. ¦ - - • • ¦
F. GATES, Secretary.
Itettd August IS, 1SCL
$150— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business;
steady man. McLaughlin & Co., 777% Market.
IRISH festival, September 9. Glen Park — Bids
will be received by the committee on conces-
sions of Celtic Union for restaurant, photo-
graph, icecream stands, wheels of fortune,
and side show privileges, the committee,
reserving the right to reject any and all bids.
Bids will be received until August 27. Ad-
dress THOMAS F. ALFORD, office of Irish
Festival Committee. 582-83 Parrott building.
$3000 EACH; 2 new 5- room cottages; modern
Improvements; also 2 lots; will sell or ex-
change for a»iy good-paying business. C.
HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny st
$1000— GROCERY store at a bargain: doing good
business and good location. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room 1.
YOUNG man, unincumbered, of unimpeachable
character, by investment of $1000 can •ecure-
for himself life position accompanied by am-
ple returns. Box 4907. Call office.
FOR SALE — Locksmithlng and plumbing busi-
ness place with tools and stock; 11 years In
the same place; good reason for selling. Box
4802, Call .office.
PHYSICIAN'S office and practice for sale;
leaving city; located in one of the finest
buildings and central. Address box 49C9, Call.
WHO wants a small cash grocery and notions
store clearing $50 a month for $350? Trial
given. Address box 4893. Call office.
DRUG store wanted that has $25 to $50 daily
sales; country or city; cash ready; give full
particulars. Box El, Martinez, Cal. . m
$115 — FRUIT and vegetable stand; sunny living
rooms; furniture; cheap rent; principal street;
going away. Box 4914, Call tjfflce.
YOUNG man of good address; steady and re-
liable, with small capital, seeks business
opening. Box 4S92, Call office.
GARDENING business, containing all , tools,
horse and wagon; good chance for Industrious
man. Inquire 410 Maple st.
PRINTER controlling considerable trade will
invest $1500 in established job business. Prln-
ter. box 4887, Call office. ' '
PARTNER -wanted; valuable patent; $300 will
" bring $2000. Call Monday between 10 and 12,
KING, 630 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Butcher shop; a splendid oppor-
tunity: established 14 years; good location.
Box 4876, Call office. '
GUN & locksmith business 6 buildings for sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
CORNER saloon with club rooms; good thing;
cheap, on account of departure. 1069 Howard.
$125— TOY and stationery stores sacrificed If
sold to-morrow. 1322 Pacific st, near Hyde.
FOR SALE — Branch bakery and notions: price
$100. Fifth ave. and L st. South S. F.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard st; no agents.
A GOOD cigar stand for sale in Oakland. Room
25, Chronicle building. , I
FOR sale— Dairy 100 miles from S. F. ; 150 cows;
now shipping $600 a month in cream to S. F. ;
also to lease Or sell the ranch with feed for
1000 cattle. Address J. M. Canty, Grayson, Cal.
PARTNER wanted by Jobber and Eastern
manufacturer's agent: dry goods; Invest
$3000; half Interest; full investigation. Box
47SL Call. . ;•• ¦
FOR ' SALE— First-class family liquor store.
Apply to BEN J. GOLDMAN CO.. 119 Bush.
FURNITURE and • locks • repaired; ¦ carpet re-
laid, etc. Apply 440 Third st.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an • optician or be able to attend to ¦ corre-
sponding.- etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071H Mar-
ket st, San Francisco. i : .
FOR sale — At invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO.; Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO., Santa Rosa. ' • ' ¦<¦ --•
A'- GOOD' chance for 'a physician ' to . buy cheap
a Standard - Static machine with motor. X-
Ray outfit, electrodes and laboratory, etc. ;
will cell at a sacrifice. Box 4744, Call office.
FOR sale — Candy store ¦ and icecream 1 , parlor;
good' location: make offer. Sixth st -
SNAP— Restaurant ¦ lady or irentleman; small
capital. Apply 8 Washington st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<l
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . -• .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offl>>. 2200 Fillmore af
!• LODGING-HOUSES FOH SALE). • -
TURK st... 18 rooms .......................... $750
Fourth st. 18 rooms .....;......... .-..1000
Fourth at., 22 rooms ..•...: ....1000
Market at. 15 rooms .....;. ....V. 875
Powell ¦ at, S6 rooms • .'.....;.. r.. .;.'..' 1900
' OAMMILL & MOCK, 906 Market, st .
FURNITURE of 60-room house ; can • be seen
at 104» Market st; bids will be received until
.10 a. m; TUESDAY. Aug. 20. . For terms, etc.,
apply 521 Market st- '-.-• . ' :r .
FURNITURE : FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call,- 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ••
MME.TtAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. .
DESIRABLE . furnished '•'. flat of 6 . rooms and
bath. • 2413 Clay st., near Fillmore.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE furnished 'flat of 6- rooms and
bath. ! 2418 Clay st, near Fillmore. . "
REMOVED to 1583 Market. Mrs. Dr. Valeen,
clairvoy.. palmist, life reader; sittings daily.
MRS.- BROWN, '• ¦ clairvoyant, ¦ card reader;
ladles 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. •
SUNNY corner flat of 8 rooms; rent $30. 159S
" Fulton' st; corner . Lyons. . '• ¦ ¦" >.
GOOD seamstress wants plain sewing to take
home; children's work a specialty. 827 Post
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED-^-By lady of refinement . and excel- 1
lent capabilities, a position as useful com-
: panion to invalid or ¦ elderly lady, . or . com-
. petent housekeeper where help, is kept; best
. references. : Box 4709, Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
29
• $75 AND upward— Fine uprights. ,' PIERCE' S
i Piano Factory, Market, 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale, $93' mahogany case Fischer, up-
¦ ' right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st. '
' A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
' BRUENN, 208 Post St. \" ".
! ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
, mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
; SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KT IB »NWAYj $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton, S Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
! SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister et. '. . ,
A FINE "upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-1
A Mister st. j: ' - - - . ' -
_ 1 Oj^ICESAJVjT^ STORES TO LET.
$30 — POLK St., 1615, near Sacramento; "a large,
. llarht store, with llvlns- rooms: one of . the
¦ best locations .In the Western Addition.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
.Montsomery. st.
TO let— Furnished office: one of the best fur-
nished and most desirable offlces-in the city;
suitable for real estate, insurance or any
similar business; gound floor. Box 4302, Call.
DESK room cheap: fine, sunny office; attend-
. ant: private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bids.
GUERRERO. 1043-Store. fixtures and living
rcoms;- desirable for dressmaking, etc. t*
1 PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome — Handsome large
store, very cheap, to good tenant.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. •LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st. . . :
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered, $3 50 up:- tinting & whitening.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PERSONALS.
BOHEMIAN Dermatological Institute,
131 Post St
FREEH .....''... FREE'.: ....FREE!!
. '. Cut. This Out! Cut This Out!
Pimples. Freckles and Wrinkles cured; elec-
trolysis for the removal of superfluous hair and
"moles; gray hair restored to natural color; fall-
ing hair and dandruff cured; hair grown, on
bald heads; flesh reduced or developed, any
part of the body; shampoo for ladies and gen-
tlemen. The French importations which we
use are superior to all others. Refined lady
specialists in attendance.
SPECIAL notice for ladies— M. TRAUNERfrom
¦ Xew York has opened Ladies' Parlors with the
very finest imported tailor made costumes and
fancy dresses from Paris, London, Vienna; my
successful business formerly in New York is
assurance that I will give you entire satisfac-
tion; also guarantee for perfect fit; ladles'
own material accepted; reasonable prices. M.
TRAUXER, 706 Sutter st., near Taylor.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell St., and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
RESPECTABLE man, 33, with small poultry
home, wishes to meet working girl; German
preferred; object matrimony. Box 2298, Call
office, Oakland, ?
PRIMO BORETTI'S : '¦
Heirs will hear something- to their advantage
by addressing box 561, General P. O.. New
York. • ;
CHRONIC and nervous diseases, stammering;
¦ - liquor and other habits cured without drug*-.
¦ PROF. OHLIN, 1220 Vallejo St., In rear, to
left. *~
$17 CO— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair: factory price.
! S2— Enamel, beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 132S.
I Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every . room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nigrht: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
ohenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 ur>. LEOX LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
•West Forty-second St.. N. Y. . - .--¦,-
TREE' trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless; v lady In at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed, 25c.
KODAK developing by experts: up to 4x3 only
23c. coll; mail orders a specialty. Rembrandt
Studio. SiiO Market St.. cor. Stockton, upstairs.
FALLING hair and dandruff cured; hair grown
and gray hair restored: shampooing a spe-
cialty. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap. 34 Kearny st.
WHITE enamel Iron bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway, t
I WILL develop your will power, which you can
use in all branches of business, marriage and
family transactions. Box 4745, Cal lofflce.
STELLA VIRGO-Send address , where Capri-
corniis can write to.
LADY specialist— Face and scalp; treat ladies
at their homes. Box 4S96, Call office.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
ment; dope at 121 Maeon st. F. a. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn" Paint the best
corn cur^ 1.23c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to it3 natural color: $l:'at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroved with
electric needle. MISS EATOX. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont'.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wilts-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN '& CO.. 733 Mkt*
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DOXXELL^o7ficT"and "residencT
1021^4 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh!
"DR.* WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the haman body see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
<64-«6S Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TURXIjVG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turnlnsr. Planing. Shaplna
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont s£
pllopERTY WA XTED. ~~~
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot
Box 4414, Call office. ¦'
REAL^ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
O. D. B^LDWIN^&^SOnT ' Mi
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2230— Fine new cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and finished basement; on sunny side of Jer
sey St.. near Noe. - •
$11,000— Rents $77 50; correr on Fillmore st •
with store and flats; lot 27:6xS0
$2850-Rents $27; 2 houses, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; on Langton Bt.,' near Howard
$1SOC— Rents $24; pays 13 per cent net. 3 flats-
near Folsom and Seventh sts.; particulars
at office.'
$12,5C0— Geary st., near Jones; 2 houses of 8
rooms -and bath each; rents $80; lot •>! feet
frontage; this property pays well and has a
-grand future. • .
$8(KJ0— Fine residential lot on Baker st near
Fell; opposite Golden Gate Park; 60x100
$25.000— Handsome house of 12 rooms, bath* fur
nace, etc.; all latest Improvements on' Pre-
sidio Heights: northeast corner; lot 75x127-8
with beautiful lawn and flowers; magnificent
unobstructed marine view. "'ifenmcent
$1250— Lots on north side of Fulton st near
Parket ave.; 25x109 each; very cheap " cl ";
$1500— Rents $42 50 per month; 2' fine bay-win-
dowed flats of 11 and 6 rooms and bath each-
on Powell St.. near Clay; a good buy
$136,000— Rents $S65 per month; corner on Kp«r
ny : gt.. with 100 feet, frontage; pays 614 ner
cent net. . v
$37,500— Half EO-vara on O'Farrell st near
Jones: would pay big interest if suitably im-
proved. ¦ . ¦ . ¦¦.--•.
$37,500— Rents $232 per month; stores and natc-
lot 47:6x137:6; on Geary st.. near Hyde
$65,000— Van Xess aye. corner with 3 fro'ntaees-
lot 120x109; very, cheap; inquire for particu-
lars. ' - ,
$40,000— Rents $305 per month; corner 62x87 -6-
on Devisadero St.. with elegant building conl
talnlng stores and fiats. ., . . .
$11,250— Rents $1230 per annum; 3 brand new
modern flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath
each; inside. of Van jJess ave. .
$4100— Xatoma st., near First: lot 23xS0-'in th»
heart of the wholesale district
$20.000— Rent $150: under long lease to one .t-n-
ant; comer on Guerrero st.; 3 stores und •>
flats: tenant makes repairs and pays water"
$3000— Cottage. of 5. rooms and bath on Dolores
st.. near Twenty-second; lot 25 feet frontac-e
$6500— Russ et., near Howard; 2 story and base-
ment house of 18 rooms and 2 baths- ' brink
foundations; lot 20x100. . '• Drlck
$25,000— Rents $189 per month; Mason st near
¦ Sutter;. 5 houses; always rented; a fine )n
vestment. .
$10,000— Fine lot in the heart of the city will
pay 12 per cent net if . improved ; plan's ¦ for
building at office: lot 33 feet frontage °
$20,000— Rents $147 60; 6 fine flats on ' Pacific
'- ave., near Van Xess; to be sold to close es-
,.tate; make offer. . . ¦ . . v
" O. D. BALDWIN & SON.'
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
! G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
• Real estate aeents, • 14 Montgomery st.
' $36,000 — Fine corner on Van Ness avenue; cov-
.. , ered at present with old Improvements;
; rents nominal; would pay handsomely if
improved; 60x107. :, - ,'. .
121,000— Rents j ?1800 per annum ; .. choice ! inside
: business corner; 2 two-story brick build-
Inzs. ''•.. .:••., - : ;¦ . ' ' , •. '.
$17,000— Rents $2016. per annum; near Sixteenth^
. and Mission sts. ; 12 desirable flats of 4
¦ and 5 rooms and bath each; never vacant;
in perfect order; street bituminized. . j
! $16,000— Rents $1200 per annum; Leavenworth st.,
' near Ellis; 2. three-story substantial
, ' houses of 9 rooms and bath each. •'With
little outlay this could be made a splendid
paying: investment.
$10,000— Reduced from . $11,500; rents $1140 : per
annum; Clay, St., near .Devisadero: two
new. choice, sunny flats of 10-12 rooms
and bath each. Make offer.
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Leavenworth.: im-
provements consist of two-story building
of 8 rooms and bath. "¦•¦ • .
?7,200 — Reduced from $SGOO; desirable corner In
Potrero, near Union Iron Works; Improve-
ments consist of nine, tenements: 50x100.
$7,000— Rents $840 -per annum; Jones St.; three
new modern flats of 7-G-5 rooms and bath
- each: 25x100 to an alley. Never vacant.
¦ $6,S00— Rents $'J60 per annum; near Third and.
Folsom sts.; improvements consist of six
flats of 5-4-6 rooms each; brick founda-
tion, etc.: always rented: 40x75.
$6,000— Reduced from s $6500; Frederick St.:
modern two-story and basement residence
of eight rooms and bath.
$5,000— Rents $648 per annum; near Fourth and
Bryant sts. ; live front and two rear flats,
completely renovated and in splendid con-
. dition; sanitary plumbing, etc.; 30xS0.
This. is a snap.
$4,500— Green St., near Van Ness avenue;
modern residence of eicht rooms and
bath; in perfect order; sanitary plumbing:,
etc.: 25x137.6.
$3,500— Good south-side Investment; close to
Folsom and Third sts. ; two-story house of
7 rooms and 2 rooms in the rear; 50x87.6.
$3,250 and $3500— Choice building lots on. north-
west corner of Hayes and Flllmore sts. ;
25 and 27.6 foot front. Ideal location for
residences or flats.
$2,800— Grocery store property near Eighteenth
and Mission sts.; improvements consist of
store and four rooms and flat' of ¦" five
rooms above; rent $25 per month; 25x80.
Choice list of building lots in all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one ofi, our "Real Estate
Records," containing a list .of property for sale
in all portions of the city.
: Latest pocket map of San Francisco, 25 cents.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
: 14 Montsomery st.
¦ ' Real estate agents,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., - ~ ~
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. ' •
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. ; - AUCTION.
At our salesroom Monday. August 26, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon.
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
461 Hayes st. and 362 and 364 Linden ave.,
bet. Gough and Octavia sts.; substantial build-
ing containing store and 4 fiats of 4, 5, 6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, stone walks
etc.: rents $119 per month; lot 25x120 to rear
street. . , • . .
CHOICE OAK-STREET INVESTMENT
• 426, 428 and 430 Oak st. and 471 and 473 Hick-
ory ave., bet. Laguna and Buchanan sts.; 3
bay-window houses of 6, 6 and 1 rooms and
bath each; 2 cottages of 3 and 5 rooms each;
sanitary plumbing, etc.; rents $84 50 month;
bank mortgage of $6600 at 6 per cent can re-
main; lot 55x120 to rear street.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION I RESI-
DENCE. -
1736 Golden Gate ave., near Devisadero st.;
modern residence of 12 rooms, bath, billiard-
room, etc.; large grounds, nicely elevated and
commanding a fine view; lot 70x110; terms
cash and balance can -remain at 6 per cent.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1ST, . 189, - 191 Valencia St., near junction of
Market and Valencia: 3-story building contain-
ing store p.nd 2 flats; lot 30x80.
- SOUTH SIDE BUSINESS CORNER.
SW. corner First and Federal sts. ; 2-story
building consisting of store and lodging house
of 13 rooms; rents $55 per month; lot 20xS3:4.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENTS.
, i No. 1.
SW. corner Bryant and Ellery sts., bet. First
and Second; 2 stores and cottage; rents $35 per
month; lot 25x80.
No. 2.
48 Federal st.: 2 flats ot 5 rooms each; rents
$16 per month;' lot 19xS0. " -.
... .• • No. 3.
50 Federal St.; cottage of 4 rooms;. lot ISxSO.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
10 Beldeman St., bet. Eljis and O'Farrell and
Scott and Devisadero; cottage of 4 rooms;
street bituminized; lot 25x90.
JANE LUDBY ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
Folsom st.. east line bet. 20th and 21st sts.;
choice building lot; 25x122:6; subject to' con-
firmation by the court.
JOHN H. DALL ESTATE.
_' '. , . .. .. Executor's Sale. . . '. .
The following 6 parcels,; subject to. conflrma-
tlqn by the court. -. * ..".'• . ¦ ¦ • ''.
. . ' ¦ No.' 1. . ' .
Fourteenth ave. and J st. south; 75x200; three
frontages. . • • -: .
.No. 2. - •
Eighteenth ave. and H st. south; 75x200; three
frontages. ¦» - • '
No. 3.
Lot 32 in block 11 of the Flint Tract Home-
stead Association. -
No. 4.
Lot commencing at point distant 137:6 north-
erly from the northerly ' line of ¦ Pine st. and
77:6 westerly from the westerly line of Stock-
ton st.; thence northerly 2 feet by a uniform
depth westerly of CO feet.
. Xo. 5.'
McAllister St., south line 275 feet east of
Broderick; 12:6x137:6.
No. 6. '
State title to lot commencing at point dis-
tant 68:9 westerly from the westerly line of
Front . fit. and 120 feet southerly from the
southerly line of Washington st. ; thence south-
erly 17:6 by a uniform depth westerly of 30
feet, being part of beach and water lot No.
150.
• For further particulars, apply tg
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
• . '14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected .and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$12.300— Grove st.. near Franklin: flat and
house in rear: rents $111 per month; lot 27:6x
J20 feet through to rear street. •'
S350 per front foot— 3 choice lots on north line
of Pacific ave.; size 40, 47:6, 50 feet B%J37:6 feet;
elegant marine view from this property.
$9000— Post st.. near Hyde; choice residence of
10 rooms and bath: lot 25x120 feet; rented at
present for $52 50 per month.
$6750—2 new flats on. the north line of Sacra-
mento st. of 6 and 7 rooms each; lot 25x117:6
feet: rented for $62 50 per month.
$4750 — Sacramento st., near Webster; house of
7 rooma and bath; always rented.
$4400— Choice lot on the north line of Pacific
ave.. near Baker St.; lot 26x127 :8^i feet; elegant
marine view from this property; if is a bargain.
$3550 — Heron St.. near 7th and Folsom ; build-
ing containing store and 10 rooms above; rents
for $50 oer month. . y
$3250— Choice cottage on Dolores st, near 22d:
5 rooms and bath: lot 26x95- feet; in good condi-
tion. . - .
$3250—4 good flats on Harriet St., near 'Harri-
son; lot 25x75 feet; rents $36 per month; always
rented". ;
' $2500 — Choice cottage on Liberty st. ; 5 rooms
and bath; hard finished basement.
$2300— Nice residence on Elliott Park, near
Steiner and Geary sts.
$2000— Choice lot on the north, line of Clay St.,
near Lyon; size 25x100 feet.
$1600— Choice cottasc on Jersey st., near Dia-
mond. .
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY &' SONNTAQ.
NEW T H I S W E E K.
$21,000 — MIsFion st. business property, near 8d g
25x160 'to Stevenson; 3-story "building; a
decided bargain. ¦ • ,
$22,500 — Five brand new, * beautiful, ' up-to-date
.flats, 5 to 12 rooms each; all rented- $2250
pei-. annum; large lot; Turk st., Inside
Van Ness ave. ;
$15,000— Bush-st^ bargain; near Taylor; 3 elegant
new model floats. 7 and 8 rooms; perfect
appointments; rents $1700 per annum
$10,000— Lovely Pacific Heights new residence-
beautiful marine view; large lot;- north
side; near Broadway and Steiner- 10
rooms;' perfect. -
600 Improved and unimproved properties at all
prices; in all portions of the city.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... ...... ......Real Estate
. -26 Montgomery st:..;.................R O0m u .
Rents collected. ; Full charge taken of property
$16,500-^73 ft on Mission st. and Imuts / f or
factory;' rents $112; a 'bargain. •.-'.
$4850— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; very"
sunny; rents ,$40; Twenty-third . st. • ¦•
$3750—2 flats, 4 & 5 rooms; Baker st.; rents $41-
¦ $3000— Modern 4 and 5 room flats; ; California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30. . . llol ; nl a
$2150— Snap; Clay-st.; lot,' 25x100; north side-'
fine residence location. ' "-¦ • -. ¦•.,>;•,.' ;
$6000— Bargain ; ; Howard, nr. 8th; bus! prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTSPARK LOTS
$500 TO JS50— ON EASY. TERMS '
$S25— Eleventh ave., between: H and- I sts
near Park music stand; cars pass block ••¦'.'
$3250— Houses— easy terms— above block 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans at office '
A..E. BUCKINGHAM; 26 Montgomery. st '
room 11; branch office, ; Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave "•
OXLY $3250 for choice corner; worth $5000- north '
: west • corner Twenty-third and Dolores- st<s • '
50x57- with two-story building-- a snar,' ¦
. Owner. GEO. " B. M. • GRAY, 454 Ninth st
¦'Oakland. r-,_ ¦ ,!.-• - .:¦¦ / i • , , ° '. 1
$2500— 7-R00M house on small street near Pow '
g ell and Clay; a snap. Call for particulars Thp
MCCARTHY. CO., ¦ 646 ; Market st. ,:.'.. . -I j .:,-"¦ i
SELECT your lot anywhere; we will buy It for
j ,you,.'erect ahouse^to suit and sell if. to you :
.. on very , easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO I
• 6<8 Market st.' •-..:-. ' •;. . '
HELP WAXTED~MALE.--Co«.
WANTED — Strong younsr man to work In
. wholesale house; rive ape and wages expected
, Box 4765. Call office.
WAXTED— Experienced furniture packer; state
ag». weight and wages expected. Box 4766.
Call office.
PEXSIOX ATTORXET EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post Xo 2
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market!
100 QUAREVMEX wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25«
to 50c. £63 Mission st-. bet. 1st and 2d ets.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom Et.
SAILORS, ordinary, for chips for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
TOUXG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
McDOXALD & PERRY have 500 pairs Fecond
hand shoe* for »ale: 50c up.. 2tl Third st.
WAXTED — 50 men to room. Xew Cambridge
543 Howard Ft. ; 10c. 15c and 20c per night '
WAXTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army fhoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket-.CO rooms. 25c night: reading rooms-, free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call adveninmraii and
baa beea established at 10SJ
HORSES AXD TVAGOrs.
40 HOKSES for aale; also wasons. buggiesT
-?- I'.^t" 1 ; 38 - G /? nd Arcade Horse Market
SL LLI\ AA & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIX— Exxn-ess wacoa, horse and har-
ness. complete. 1429 Harrison st.
A PARGAIX in cood carriage, saddle, business
and road horseg. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
<~o.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 2 fast
pacera. 721 Howard «_
TV l« ? J TE^~ Bu^ y harne!!S : eood condition;
fctate price. Box 4S97. Call office.
A h L kil^l* Ot jr^ons. buejries. carts, harnees.
etc.. cheap. EGAX & SOX. 2117 Mission st.
AX A Xo. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 522 Mission.
_. r _ r _ :i HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases will be cared
for at the St. Elmo Hospital, 230 Douglass
st.. San Francisco.
UOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMDSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TOR EEXT-Larse apartment. 7:3 Sutter. suit-
able for professional offices or general busi-
ness; arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN' D. PAUL. 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave.. 624. between Go'.den Gate ave.
end McAllister Ft., near l.a;ur.a-j rooms,
bath, basement. 516 50.
OAK, 324. betwren Octavia and Laguna— House
* rooms and bath, large basement.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXISHED.
IX SAX JOSE-Furnished house for rent or
lease; dellfrhtful location: beautiful grounds-
truit and flowers: 3 minutes' walk from depot'
Box 2235, Call orfice. Oakland.
• TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
S rooms, bath and laundry four of which are
rented, paving more than half the rent. A'--
ply at 79 South Park.
WILLIAMS. 117. near Post— Flat of 4 rooms
an<i bath. Apply 729 Ellis et.
' H(»l>ES WASTED,
WELL asd completely furnished house or~10
or 12 rooms by adult family of four- north
of California st.. west of Van Xess ave Box
47C0, Call office. "
WANTED— Young married couple wish to rent
small furnished flat, six months or vear-
must be modern. Box 4773. Call ofHce. *
WAXTED— Furnished house or flat of 6 or 7
rooms; north ol Market; 3 adults; state price
Address box 4747. Call office.
LOST A.\D FODXD. '.
V.OST— Thursday afternoon, nr. Post and Kear-
ny, scarf pin. pearl surrounded with diamonds.
Liberal reward, room 23, 43» Oeary *t.
I.OST— Female pug dog. Liberal reward if '•¦
returned '.o 274 OTarrell st. '¦
LOST— Pass book containing checks: liberal i
reward. Return to Ep.FEIL. 2500 Clay gt. :
LOST— White bull terrier bitch; collar plat- '
with -name Gypsy Queen and name or owner i
Suitable reward for return to M\ C. LE \.V- I
ITT, :i2 Market gt. I
LOST— On Geary or Post sts.. between Polk^
and Steiner. diamond; no setting. Reward 2521
Carl st. ~ !
PARTY who ricked up stickpin on car at Ninth
and Harrison ets.. kindly return to JAS
27 Market st.
JT will pay to "Remember' that the Califor-
nl * Watch Case Co.. K0 Sutter et.. needa oil
gold to make new watch cases. '
biatrimoxialT
MARRIAGE bureau; efUbT^SBfrTe^fiablT&^on"
fidentlal: MrU V.r. MRS. HERTZ. 706 nilln Bt. i
MATTRESSES A\D PILLOWS. j
" O order. al»o cleaned end sterilized. upnoU
etery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work euar- i
•uueed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 41S Powell st.-
t»l. Bush 421. j
MEDICAL.
A—X>n. O'DO.VXELL- All who are Eick and in '
trouble call and consult the renowned spe- I
ciaiist. My medicines have been used for :
many years by thousands; the unfortunate j
. helped; relief in all cases taken; the most '
obstinate cases have been relieved bv my i
treatments: free confidential advice o*n all I
subjects of a delicate nature: all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL 1018
Market Ft., opp. Fifth: no branches.
HETUKXED
?.IRS. .DAVIES has returned from hf-r vaca-
tion and will bo pleased to see her friends at I
the old number, 1228 Market st. !
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to i
weaknetso and diseases of men only 937 |
Market Ft., corner Sixth; entire upper floor, j
MRS. D. ALLEX. 111S Market— Reliable la-
<11e£ # epccialift: a priv. home before and dur- !
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
H IXLKDOHEBB AXD MRS. DR DAVIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
borne; etamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. K
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell et.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE TVTETH Maternity Home removed from
Pnyt to 410 O'Farrell. st.. near Taylor.
SIIXES A.VU ailXIXG.
103 SHARES Montezuma Mining Co. will be
worth J100 in two years. Can be bought now
for flS. 1000 chares may be had for $210, pay-
able In installments cf $10 per month, llonte-
, z-jrr.a shares always advancing. The Mon-
tezuma. Mining Company Is a big, strong,
eafe concern, and Is the only company that
has copper, coal and coke "under one roof."
TVe have a buyer for a copper mine; also
for a gold mine In California, Oregon, W'ash-
;r.£ton or Alaska. In writing describe prop-
erty fully and name price.
We have for sale controling Interest in two
adjacent gold mines in Xorthern Washing-
ton.' These are properties that may speed-
ily be turned over at a handsome profit.
$40,000 required.
THE AMERICAX OUARAXTT & TRUST CO..
210 Safe Dsposit Buildln?.
San Francisco, Cal.
BIG «trike— The Burkeye Placer Mining Co.
have etruck J20 to the pan: will sell email In-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
A.RD, 2C2 Parrott building, fifth floor.
WILL sell 3000 to 5000 chares Montezuma min-
ing ttock 15c per share, caah. Box 476i. CalL
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, rtirinee, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-187 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tabl'-s, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
eecond hand: we always have a large stock of
e&loon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hour*. J. XOOXAN, 1017. 1019,' 1021. 1022
Mission st.. aJsove Sixth; write for catalogrun:
ANGORA cat* and kitten*; pedigreed; reason-
able. S81S Clay tit,
*?KD-HAXD COtTPE.Ior sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonlan ctables, 36 Hawthorne.
GASOLINE *nglTi»*. all Flzen n»w and second
h&fcd. J. E. DOAK. £11 Mission st. 1
G £ a 5 hophones - Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
«i*>" easy terms; children's toy graphophones
I ' 2a^ iand Phonographs,Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A 5 R com P r «5sor. 3 sizes, 5, 10, 20 stamp mills"
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; 6team
and water power. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— Stove pipe casing. 100 feet. 14-inch
single, 600 feet 10 inches double. 600 feet 8*4
Inches double, one 14-Inch Eteel shoe. Apply
room 10^ Mills bldg. '
A— B UYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting:, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
: ber, lath, brick and firewood ; lowest prices.
Polar. Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
POP. sale— Thoroughbred great Dane pups. Ad-
• dresa MRS. DICKINSON, cor." Caledonian
•_ and Eastern sts. , Sausalito, Cal.
NOTION store, cigars, stationery, milk .depot,
branch bakery, stock and fixtures: 5 living
rooms, yard, chickens; bargain. 240 Scott st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WHITE sewimc machine;, all attachments; 7
drawers: good as new; cheap. 385 Geary st.
FOR sale— Child"? handsome oak bed, nearly
new. Apply 2158> Fifteenth st. ¦
SEALSKIN* cloak; beautiful; party going to
Orient; sacrifice; 1-4 p. m. 318 Taj-lor st.
RED cocker male pup. 255 Parker ave., off
Gearr st.
HEADQUAKTEHS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap; 1 4-horse
p.Colie. 1 2'.4-h. p. Hercules; at 908 Kearny st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Thco. Fershtand. 125 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
! BAR outfits, showcases : all lengths and sizes. -
J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
j EXGIXES and boilers: second-hand machin-
j ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
I lined .safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate enpines. n<*w and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2rf-h«nd moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRCTK. 131 Post st.
j \ MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
I 7ILTOX wants cood second-hand clothing and
I theatrical goods. 154, 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
! WAXTED — Cart suitable for paper route. 54hA
Ca«tro Bt.. near Eighteenth. ¦
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AA^MAH ATT A^L?)A^"^foaiPAx\v ~
$300,000 at § per cent in #ums to suit. City ana
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
j en unsettled estates, undivided interests in
j real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of shove securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
I TAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
J AXY AMOUNT at 6 PER CEXT
i First, second and third mortgages :
! Undivided Interest in real estate in probate....
! Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
I R. McCOLGAX ,
24 Montsomery St., room 3 .."..
j HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—'
J5, 000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
I problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
J erty is mortgaged and you need more money
j see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
! ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
I second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
I in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages: seeurl-
j ties, manufacturing-, mercantile and mining
! interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor
! Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
i HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
; liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
[ est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
i RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
j place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry.
i pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest
[ S Grant ave-.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
i . . . — —
! MUNICIPAL Loan Oiflce, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et. ; phone Red 1603. • ¦ •
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
| lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery st.
; Advauces life Insurance policies; Army and '
i Xavy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
j OX real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
¦ tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 201 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room CS.
| MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
| watches, jewelry. W. J. HKSTIIAL. 10 Sixth;
I highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
( j:3,C0tflN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
j country: see me before going elsewhere. I
HARPER. 3S7 Parrott bulldlnr.
; A — OX real estate; lowest rate: no brokerage-
I no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
| OXK per cent on furniture: So a month on each
| $1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
! MOXEY loaned salaried people without secur-
| ity. Hill, r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
! OX salaries or wages; no indorser required S
j F. DISCOUXT AGEXCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOAXS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan, western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan &n real estate or for building-
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
I 321 Parrott building.
f CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
f Jtujorrer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
3IOXEY WAXTED.
A LADY would like to borrow a small amount
of money. Address box 4769, Call office.
LOAN wanted— J1000 wanted. For further in-
formatlo.n address box 4619. Call office.
WANTED— $2CO3; eood real estate' security ;
good Interest. Box 4708, Call office.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAX CMY'ft
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. Xew upright pianos. $6 per
month: some good pianos sold for $3 $4 and
$5 per month.% EHERMAX. CLAY "& CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny. and gutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
st.. Oakland.
DURING the next few weeks, while so many
l>eople are striking, we ara going to do some
striking ourselves. We will strike off from
20 to 30 per cent on all piano sales during the
month. Our regular prices are low. but these
special prices are fo much lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
pianos from $50 upward. THE ZEXO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
AT BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.
li.OCO square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from
Xew upright pianos from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up.
Hecond-hand organs from $25 up.
Agents for Chickering, Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL higheet grades sold by Heine Piano Co
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davls: great bar-
, gain list, $50 up; Steinway. $183 up; Fischer
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
AXY piano sold by us taken back any time
within S years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
Bt.; eatabll shed 1850. •,:->?
OXE hundred pianos; 20 different factories rep-
resented: irrtat car loads still ' coming. See
us -at 932 Market St., opposite Mason (Branch
mtore at 951 Broadway, Oakland. The WILEY
B. ALLEX CO. . .- .
ATTENTION ¦ PIANO BUYERS! '¦ ~- ~
fiohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lester, Ham-
ilton and Splelman pianos toMx> had new
only at BYROX MAUZY'S. 308, 310, 312 Post
SPECIAL sals of Hazelton ! and all first-class
pianos continued until August 23; eany terms;
don't miss this opportunity.' The J. DEW-
ING CO.. 12 Flood building.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of etorace pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no reserve.
WILSOX'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
ELEGAXT piano as good, as new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'B. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
FOR sale— Fine upright Sohmer piano -with
electrieal attachment. , Box 4781. Call, of flee.
CALLED away; forced In sacrifice; large 3-
pedal upright piano. 316 Turk Bt, near Hyde.
. REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELLV. ..10 Montgomery st
• ' $9000— Renta $960 a year; newly improved
: .;, corner; containing store and flats; size 73x75;
: Bryant st. ¦ ' ., -
. $3500— Reduced from $4000; bay- window cot-
tage; 7 rooms and bath; lot 30x122:6; owner
' anxious to sell; Folsom st. ¦ ' ¦ :
v $4500 — Leavenworth-st. corner; house of . 8
rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 48x68:9.
j $2500— Sold to satisfy, undivided interests;
Clara st, near Fourth;- rents $30 per month;
i lot 23x75. : . . . - \ ¦_ .
$4250— Rents $45 per month; lot runs through
to rear street: store and flat above of 9
rooms and bath; Clay st, near Mason.
$4000— Castro-st. residences; entirely new;
7 rooms and bath; near Twentieth at; easy
terms if desired;
$3700— Elegant cottage . on Treat ave., near
•Twenty-afth st. ; 5 rooms/bath, -basement,
etc. ; lot 25x115/ to an alley.
. $23,500— Sutter-st. property; large lot, 58x140;
rents $1950 a year; bargain.
1 $7000— Reduced: from $7800; lot 27.6x137:6,
with 3 separate flats, on north side of Hayes
st. not too far out; well lighted, sunny and
, containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each;
present low rents $66 per month;, can- be
easily rented for $75 per month; a genuine
bargain.
$25,000— Beautiful Pacific Heights residence;
sunny corner; large lot; modern house 12
rooms, 2 baths, large basement and conser-
vatory.
$S0COJ-Eddy v st~ north line, near Laguna;
lot 25:9x120 to "Willow ave. In rear; 2 modern
' small flats; cost $52CO to build; also 2-story
house; mortgage $3500, can remain.
¦ -" $6500— Income $3B per month; 3 separate flats
and house of 6 rooms on rear street; lot has
- double frontage. Filbert st, near Mason, ami
running through to Valparaiso st.
$7750— Rents $80 per month; flats and rear
house on Grove st.; only a short distance from
City Hall; pays well.
$5200— Residence on Green at, containing 9
rooms and bath; house should be seen to be
appreciated; a perfect. home; lot 26:6x137:6.
$11,250— Three new flats, near Jackson /and
Polk; rents $102 50; very desirable and cheap.
SUNSET DISTRICT. • i . '¦
Choice Sunset installment lots and new cot-
tages just finished on easy terms; prices mod-
erate; payments only $10 per month; lots
level; on official grade; streets macadamized;
gas, water and mall service; , Nlneteenth-ave.
boulevard; H st. and Park entrance; also
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth' aves. Call at
branch office, corner of H st. and Ninth ave.,
south of Golden Gate Park; open every day,
Sundays and holidays. :
BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery at.
MADISON & BURKE. ¦¦ *
ESTABLISHED JANUART. 1858.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market st., odd. Palace Hotel.
Geary st, inside Larkln; 50x137:6; partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street. .
Cheap— O'Farrell at, near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rent $25;
only $2900. ¦ w ¦¦
$5500 — Broadway, near • Octavia st. : 7 " rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section: lot
20x131.
Two flats— Clinton Park, near Dolores 8t. ;
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth ' st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable: lot 28x114.
$15,000— Beautiful,, modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$12,500— Corner in Western Addition, with two
flats and store; rents $115; lot 32x100. A trans-
fer corner. Must be sold. '
$7500— Seventeenth st, near . Dolores; flats;
well rented; 35x57:6. .
$2750— Corner Sanchez and Jersey sts. ; lot 30x
100, with four-room 'house.
$2500— Twenty-fifth st, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath.
$3000— Morris ave., near Bryant gt.; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75. .
$4500— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses nt $16 each; total $32.
' $8000— Natoma st, corner Russ; elegant in-
come property; 25x75. ¦ ,
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard st. between Flllmore and
Steiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st, in
tear; rents $73 per month; must be sold on
account, of non-residence.
$3250— Northwest corner Dolores and Twenty-
third sts. ; lot 50x57, with store and flat, j This is
cheap and can be made a trood paying- corner.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard; lot 50x75
holding frontace on Sixth st.; rent $50.
$1900— Florida st.. near Twenty-fifth; cottage
pt 5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st
CENTER & SPADER. - ~ ~"
. Real Estate Asents,
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$850 EACH.
Choice building lots on Seventh ave , near
Geary st. ; 25x120 each.
$5000. . .
Minna st., near. New Montgomery; old Im-
provements; lot 20x70.
$5500.
Modern flats on Grove st, only two blocks
from Golden Gate Park; 6 rooms and bath each*
always rented: lot 25x137:6.
.$20,000. .
Choice NW. cor. residence, commanding fine
view in Western Addition, containing 12 rooms
bath, laundry, servants' rooms and attic- large
lot, 50 feet front. Call for particulars
JSOOO.
- Price reduced from $9000 In order to make
quick sale; 3-story brick building: on Com-
mercial st, near Kearny; well rented to one
tenant. .
' . $11,000.
125x160: northeast corner on Folsom • st •
manufacturing district: to close an estate
$5000.
Lot, Market at., near Sanchez; 27:8x110.'
$11,500.
Southwest corner residence on "Washington
st; 10 rooms and bath; lot 30x87:6.
• J4CO0. " ¦ . ¦
Modern residence of 8 rooms, bath and base-
ment; 31x117:6; Mission warm belt
*" - $6000. . . ',.-'¦ ¦ '
Cottage In Mission; 6 rooms and bath; finished
in natural oak; driveway, stable, etc.; an abso-
lutely modern home; lot 35x122:6.
- $6000.
Up-to-date fiats on Folsom st. ; 5 and 6 rooms-
always rented;'lot 25x122:6
?3750. .'• '
Rents $31 per month; 2 modern flats, 5 and 6
rooms; on Fair Oaks st, near Twenty-third;
lot 25x117. . )
¦CENTER & SPADER.
LYON & HOAG. .......114 Montgomery at
Investments at bargain counter prices. -
$6500— Rents $65. Two handsome new flats. 6
and 7. rooms and bath and all conveniences-
abundance of light and sun. Key lot, best por-
tion of, the Park Panhandle District.
$6250— A good business corner in the Western
Addition. Store and three flats- rents $56
BUSINESS CORNER— SOUTH OF MARKET
$7000— Rents $76: corner building, grocery
and saloon with flat above; also two flats on
side street. Mortgage of $4000 can stand. Prop-
erty, is offered .at' this 'low price in order to
make an immediate sale ' . ¦
THREE BRAND NEW FLATS.
$7000— Rents. $73; close to Howard and Four-
teenth; containing 6 rooms, baths, etc Beat
buy In the district. . '
$5650— Two substantially built flats on Grove
st., near Park; 5 and 6 rooms, baths etc
Plenty of light and sun. - '
CLOSE TO VAN NESS AND JACKSON •
• $11,250— Three .handsome new flats containing
7, rooms and bath each. • Total rents $102 SO.
Lar^e, lot.
; ¦ ANOTHER FINE INVESTMENT ¦ •
; $17,000— Pays over 12 per cent. Three' swell
flats in fashionable Pacific ¦ Heights - District
containing 8 large, sunny rooms each; all hand*
somely finished and decorated in latest style"
magnificent view of the bay; large lot 35x1*7
feet.. Total. rent S -$175 per month.
, LYON & HOAG. . , .
'• . 114 Montgomery st. , ;
$350 ON $5 monthly payments; lot 33x100- • one
block from San Mateo electric cars'.
$5 monthly will buy a level building lot-
. graded . and sewered ; .. 1 * block ; from Twent v-
sccond-st. cars. .*
5450 for three lots, near Cortland ave • 15
I monthly buys all three; a bargain. -;'
$3000— Easy terms; lot 28 feet front with 5-
room cottage : and driveway ; on Bryant st
near Ninth. . • '
$1175 a month will buy a 4-rooin cottage
barn, outhouses and 5 lots; 1 block from Fol-
som-st cars. ' - . . ; ; . . - '
.. ?3S0— Lot ready to build :on; -end of Folsom
. street.'- ; ',.; ; .¦•": ' " : ¦¦¦• •.¦ - - - ¦
New 5-room cottage, large lot; 1 block from
Mission st. ; $15 a month. .
i Lets on the Ocean Boulevard, $5 monthly "
• .-,;-: . ¦¦-; OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post, at
SNAPS, ¦¦ ' •¦ . '- '¦ '..¦. -V-- . V:
. $1700— Cost $2500: sold on account of mortgage-
nice cottage.: 5 rooms and bath; Sanchez near
Twenty-fifth.^ :. . <:. :¦..¦ ".. , .
: $4000— Cost over. $5000; foreclosure of mortgage-
house of 6 rooms and bath; close to park and
Waller st. • . - .--'•. -
. $4200— Rent $47 ; per • month ; income flata on
Clay st, near Mason; always rented. -¦ >
• $6500— Rents $55; 3 'flats, in' fine 1 order; ' on
Church st.. near 16th; mortgage of $5000 can re-
main on property. . . '
.; Fell Et. lot. facing the Park; choice location;
can be bought right. .;•:' • •
McEWEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery, st
OWNERS of property or ; lots ' north : of .Vallejo
{ \ and » west of i Hyde , as far as : Presidio and in
• ¦ Richmond,- north.of Park,'. and Mission' and
.Homer's Addition, . who want .to' sell, '> call on
' W.J. GUNN. 630 .California st..* S.^F. Sav-
v; ings: Union. building. /¦"¦•-'.•¦:';¦: ¦ ,-
ONE « more 5 6- room • house l on easy - terms ; ¦ sis
•/: Elizabeth/, near Douglas st. -J ANDERSON
builder.;. ..V'V .' ¦ .... . ...-. '<
$1250— HOUSE of 4 rooms and (bath;. 4 blocks
¦ii't outb of • Park; .see' owner on place. ¦ 1622
*^ Tenth, ave..'; Sunset. District. ',%.:-
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &~CO.~. : '^['T
. . 638 Market Street.
' — • AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY..:.... August 20, 1901
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 688 MARKET ST.
: ' WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
North . side ¦ (Nos. ' 1620-1622) Fulton St., 156:3
feet west of Lyon st; 2 modern up-to-date
'houses. of 9 rooma and bath and high base-
ment each: substantially built and in 2ne con-
dition; rents $960 per annum: street bltuminlzed
and cerr.ent walk; lot ; 50x137 :6_ feet.
O-Vi WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 939-941) Oak st, 156:3 feet
west of Pierce St.; 2 modern flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each; rents for $570 per annum; lot
25x137:6 feet.
: PACIFIC-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
South side of Pacific st, 165 feet west of
Taylor st. ; 4 fine lots, graded and ready for
building; desirable location for stores and flata;
lots 28:10^x137:6 feet.
HARRISON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (Nos. 1110-1112) Harrison' st.
So feet southwest of Seventh st. : 2 new mod-
ern flats 5-6 rooms and bath each; only 1 year
old; rents $510 per annum; lot 25xS0 feet.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (Xo. 1769) Post St.. 113:6 feet east
of Webster st.; substantial well-built bay-
window house of 9 rooms and bath; sun and
light In every room; lot 24x114:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
I<.orth side* of Fulton st, 206 feet west of
Lyon st.; 2 fine building lots, short distance
from Golden Gate Park; side sewered; gas and
water connection to each lot; street bitumin-
ized; cement sidewalk;. lot 25x137:6 each.
SACRAMENTO-ST. COTTAGE.
South aide (No. 3265) Sacramento at, 100 feet
east of Central ave.: cottage 3 rooms; rents $S
a month; lot 25x127:8% feet. • -
i MISSION COTTAGE.
East aide (No. 821) Hampshire at.. 213 feet
south of Twentieth St.; good cottage of 4
f°° m » s , and h! « h basement; rents $12 a month;
lot 25x100 feet. , **¦
2 MISSION INVESTMENT.
E" 1 »'da of Andover st. and west aide of
Moultrie ave., 60 feet south of Union ave.; 4
lots ready for building; lots 25x70 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
North aide of Persia ave., 83:( feet east of
Mlsslon-st. cars; lot 25x100.
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO ,
< '__ 638 Market Street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C38 Market st.
,.„¦ PACIFIC-AVENUE MANSION.
™ oC °- Lar 8 e elewnt modern residence of 12
room3 and bath, surrounded by the best homes
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. *
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
213-220 Montgomery at.
NEW MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE. .
$14,000— Sunny side of street, with unobstructed
view of the bay, Alcatrax Island and
the Marin County hills; main floor beau-
tifully finished with hardwood floors: 7
bedrooms, '2 bathrooms, with porcelain
tubs; basement contains wineroom.
¦?';,.%•; storeroom and furnace; gas and electric
fixtures; house planned and built by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$12,500— In the Nob Hill Mission district; clow
to Guerrero st: modern residence of 12
rooms and bath: house cost over $11.CCO;
large lot 62:6x115 feet; for full particu-
lars apply at office.
MODERN RESIDENCE.
$9<i>0— Broderlck st., near McAllister; nearly
new: 12 rooma and bath; lot 29:8 ft.
; Jront; very artistic.
RESIDENCE NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK..
$7250— Haight »:., near Broderlck, north side;
contains 10 rooms and bath; fine view;
house modern in every way; lot 27:6x
. 137:6 ft.
CORNER, NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
ScO.OOO— Lot 75x123 feet; good Improvements:
renting for $225; for full particulars call
at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7000— Clay st. near Baker; 2 modern flats, t
and 7 rooma and bath; lot 27:8 feet
front; a rare chance.
BARGAIN IN BUILDING LOT.
$4100— Sunny side of California st.. near Baker:
extra width. 32x6 feet front; grand lo-
cation to build flats.
BUILDING LOT.
$5250— Bush at., near Webster; large lot S4:4?ix
137:6 feet; ready to build on.
PAGE-STREET CORNER.
$16,000— New flata; renta $143 60 monthly; a very
good Investment; 6 tenants In all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can bo
Increased.
BANSOME-STREET CORNER.
$13,000— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
VAN NESS. ~NEAB PACIFIC.
$8500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 23x100
feet;
. SUTTER-STREET FLATS.
$10,0C0— Sutter at, north aide, near Webster: X
;.•.-„.; modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath:
lot 27:3x127:6 feet; very sonny; always
rented.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..'
21S-220 Montgomery st.. Mills bid*.
in me city: magnificent marine -view; recep-
tion halls; Inlaid floors; beautiful mantles; ce-
dar closets; wineroom; sanitary plumbing;
comprising an up-to-date house in every re-
spect; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; mortgage of $9000 can
remain at 6 per cent.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
$U,000-Two stores, 6 rooma and bath; two
flats, 3 frontaxes: present low rents $1140 per
annum; old established business: lot 37:6xi7:r.
IGGt. _¦ , "
.WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$o250-A modern two-story and basement
house of 8 rooms and, porcelain bath; on best
gSS«S: B S?aa%i 1 ?22 u> * te - thl * £ ll ." a
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$o250— 1. well-built houses, 9-9-6-4 rooms and
bath each; never vacant; renta $624 per annum;
could easily be increased to $720 per annum:
near 16th St.: lot 30x124 feet, more or less
running to rear street; mortgage $3750 can re-
main at 6 per cent. . .
• ¦ MISSION WARM BEL* HOME.
$o0C0— A comfortable sunny well-built house
°J S. large rooms and bath: new sanitary
plumbing; modern and in Al condition; on
20th. between Valencia and Guerrero sts.; the
lot alone is worth $3750; lot 25x114 feet.
.,»S E P UCED FOR A QUICK " SALE.
$3250—8 tenements on Harriet st., near 6th
and Brannan; rents $612 per annum: this prop-
erty must be hold at once; lot 50x80 feetf
» BARGAIN LOTS.
$2000— Southwest corner Elizabeth and Noe
sts.; 51x105 feet.
>> _$100p— Southeast corner 27th ave. and A st.:
f J f*~ Thlra * V4 " Dear Lake rt -: lot 25x120
53*fcm-6°f£et r Uth ' ave - ana California St.; lot
che 5 f7t? I 30xll 8 4 aC *£J?£5? 8t " nWlr
114 4< feIt :1!Zabeth " t " neaf I>ou * Ias »! lo * *3*
$100 each-North aide of Montana at. nea-
MrV^'A ¥?* y J !T : m cash - balan «
$5 per month; Interest e'per cent; lots 25x100
each. ..
EASTON, ELDRIDGE £ CO.,
¦ : -s. . • ¦ eto «r..i » I*
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st., S. F.
_ A FINE CORNER.
Fronting on Mission st, through to
170x160 feet; old improvements; two car lines
pass; price $40,000.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
Near Page; store and two flats: modern:
rented very low at $72 50 a month: prica $10,000.
PACTFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
On Pacific ave.; marine and city view; all
ready to build on; 45 feet front; price reduced
to $11,000; more frontage can be had It desired.
RENTS $2100. PRICE $17,000.
Three fine new modern flata of 8 rooma; on
beautiful marine view; lot 35xl27:S*£: all
rented.
NEW FLATS.
For investment: In Panhandle district; S
flats, 7 rooms each; strictly modern; rents
$102 50 per month; price $10,500.
A SNAP.
On Clay st.. In Presidio Heights; 25x102 feet;
only $1500; the cheapest lot la the district.
VALLEJO STREET.
Modern residence of 9 rooms; finely finished
throughout; splendid marine view; price $13,500.
RENTS $80-PRICE $8000.
Two modern flats on Devisadero St.. star
¦Washington; lot 25x110.
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Western Addition; in 5 rooms and bath each;
rented $40 monthly; price $4500.
T\ V KSTME\T
Shipley-st. property cheap; 'rents $25; price
$2300.
CASTRO STREET.
New modern home; 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x137:6; price $4C00.
FEU. STREET.
Lot on Fell at., fronting Panhandle; 25x100;
only $2500.
Send or call for lists of lots: houses built to
suit on any lot In San Francisco.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st..
_~ San Francisco.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
. w aiarget at. •
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ~
v . «S7 Market St..
• ¦ Opposite Kearny st.,
$100.000-Corner; 273xl37:«f wleSfi^to^
ments: rented at $800 per month.
$51.000— Sixth-st. . corner; 1% blocks from
Market St.; rents $325; fine building
$55.000-One-half block from the Orpheum-
stores and lodging houses; rent $260 net.
$40,000— Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130 feet-
rents about $250; want offer. '
$40,000— First-st. corner; 75 feet front; whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicinity new
Crocker building.
$40,000— Devisadero-st. business corner 1 two
stores and seven flats: rents $305.
$37,600— Ellis St., close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800. '
$35,000— Mission st., near Fourth; fine brick
building; one tenant: rent $250.
$24,000— Cash invested In real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent net-
rents $330; one tenant.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale dis-
trict: 35 feet frontage; renta $110.
« $10,500— Van Ness ave., near Pine st.: house
and lot.
$10,500— Business property; Howard St., near
Fourth; three-story building; rent $80.
$7500— Four new flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict: residence within 130 feet just sold for
$12, 5 CO. .
$3800— Corner: SVT. corner Vallejo and Pierce
sts.; 43x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights. - i,
$4950— Two flats, only one-half block- from
Market st.: rents $40: cost $7500.
$3500— A rare buy; 8-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK A CO.,
_____;_ . 667 Market st.
F. B. 8URRYHNE. ~. ' '. '
Real Estate Agent.
. 138 Montgomery street.
$18,000— Rents $102 E0 per month: Larkln st.,
near California; 4 houses. 8 rooms and bath
each; lot 60x100. . .
a $4000— Very cheap; Z flats, 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $35 per month; near Haight and
Buchanan; lot 27x93. *
$6000— Near Geary and Scott: 2 flats, 6 and 8
rooms and. rear house. 3 rooms, and bath; in
A 1 condition; rents $50 per month; lot 25x90;
nice little Investment.
. $7000— Near Hayes and Buchanan: 2 flats and
rear bouse in Al condition: rents $63 50.
$6500— Eddy St.; 4 flats: rents $59: lot 25x120.
$6600— California st.. near Stockton; house of
12 rooms and bath in fine condition.
I • have several other choice propositions
which I am always glad to submit.. Call and
get my list before making a purchase.
FOR SALE.
ELEGANT NEW RESIDENCE.
I EAST TERMS.
No. 146 Central Avenue,
Between Haight and Page sts.
12 beautifully decorated rooms: 2 baths: recep-
tion hall; billiard room; tiled floors; large
heater.
Open for Inspection to-day. . -
See It at once— It's a bargain.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
• ¦. • ' '••-*¦¦ ',.112 Montgomery »t.
HERMAN MURPHY, {03 Examiner Building.
$15.000— Corner on Polk st, near Sutter; posi-
tively must be sold; Immediate offer wanted.
$750 cash— Small flats;' always rented; ray
well; good tenants. : <
$600— Cheapest lot north of the Park;- lot Is
very large; a pickup; fine view of bay and
ocean; cost owner $1400.
HERMAN MURPHY.- 603 Examiner building.
FOR sale— Very cheap, a beautiful residence
spot in. warm belt of Mission; Humboldt st
bet. Kansas and Vermont; cottage, 5 rooms*
bath and large basement Call and see to-day.
GREAT barcaln— $5500. worth $7000; 3942 Clay
¦ st, near 1st ave.; beautifully finished house
9 rooms, bath, basement, enclosed porch 2
toilets: finest plumbing; perfect condition"
large sunny : lot. 29x127:8; bituminiied street
• contracted for: terms same as rent; open for
inspection. JOSEPH NASH, U Montgomery
$6300— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room. residence; substantially built •
fln'.shed by day work: every possible latest
Impts.; heaters, registers, 6 basins; plate and
; art glass -windows: marine and park view-
E] 1^?, 8 *"' * nv -near panhandle: large lot,'
26:6xo3xlOO; Fulton St.. near Shrader: Hayes
or McAllister cars; open from 1 to 5 p. rn.
R ' *»|e-Handsome $6500 12-room residence
for $ol00; few steps from cars: healthy loci-
ivZx eout J 1 front: splendid view; nice garden;
J10OO ' ca.ah, reaidue in easy payments. ; Ad-
; dress box 4777," Call. ¦ •*»
$7«i-HOUSF. and: lot: Mission; 8 rooms -"barn;
well, v Apply 656 Jessie st., rear, near 7th."j:
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$11.000— Corner Folsom and Erie sta. ; 30x143; 3
fiats: rents $78.
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Larkln; 23x120 to
rear street; house of 14 rooms.
$8000— Pacific st., near Powell; 40x60; store and
2 flats: rents $69.
$5500 — Buchanan at., near Post; 24x87:8; house
of 7 rooma and bath; rent $33.
$3000— Union place, near Green; 20x38:9; 2
houses; rents $41.
' $4300— Guerrero St., near Twenty- fifth; 24:tx
125:. house of 8 rooms and bath.
$4200— Clara, near 6th; 25xS0; store and 2 flats;
rents $46.
J33C0— Lyon st., near Sutter; 23x113:3; house of
8 rooms.
$3350 — Clementina St., near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED. ;".
$14.000 — Comer Franklin and Grove sts.; 57x
63:9.
$3500— Greenwich St., near Taylor; 45:10xl37:».
$5000 — Capp St.. near Twenty-fifth; «s-«-ni>_
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; 23x70.
s t., near Fillmore; 32:5x137:1. !
$3000— Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2250— Union St., near "Webster; 34:4Hxl37:«. -
$1500— Union St., near Octavia; 25x85.
1230 each— Polk, St., near Chestnut; 3 lots, 27:1
x87:6.
$1250— Octavia St.. near Union: 23x53:8.
$1000— Sanchez, near 18th; 25x105.
$85 a front foot— Mission st., near 28th.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes. ¦ ;. < '¦.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$8300— Flats; Larkln st., near Chestnut; near
Hyde-st. cars: 15 minutes from this office; renta
$58: view of bay: a barrain.
$2700— Pays big interest; Zoe. near Third and
Bryant; rents $360 per annum; In good order.
$6000— Valencla-st. Investment; 2 good houses;
rents $45; lot alone worth the price.
Choice lots: Hyde and Francisco: 15 minutes
from our office; superb view of bay: corner-
33x112; $3500; Inside lots, $1750.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut St., west of
Hyde; 27:6xfl0: fine view of bay.
$6500— Lot NW. Hyde and Filbert sts.: «0xl37;
fine site fqr building -with every room sunny;
good view south.
$3000— Lot SE. Larkln and Filbert sts.; 41x82-
choice site for home or flats; view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have unusual good* Bargains now.
Secure a home with little money.
$7o. $100 to $250— Level lota near Mlsslon-st.
cars; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard lots,
only $3 monthly; ready to build on. *
$500 to $800— Graded and sewered incompar-
able Sunset lots; your own terms.
Sunset Branch office, Sth ave., near H it.
$400 to $800— Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
- $850, $1000. $1300, $2500 to $3000— Bargains la
modern cottages. Sunset, Richmond and Ml*-
¦ion districts; easy payments.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
84 Chronicle building.
FOR sale as a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south Una Union it.; 137:8 feat ea*t
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green aad
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquiro off
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montsomery st.
SIX, seven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses In block between 17th. ISth, Castro
and Noe sts. ; H «ash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st- cars. F. NEL-
. SON, builder.
BARGAIN— House and lot for sale; lot 25x112.
Inquire at 22 Oak Grov ave.
REAL 1- STATK CO UX TRY— For Sal*
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
. Santa Cruz Mountains. 62 miles from San '
• Francisco; elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view;
1458 full-bearing fruit trees; peaches, prunes,
cherries, walnuts, pears, apples, figs, chest-
nuts. :
• • 1S0O vines choicest table grapesr- full bear-
ing; 2300 .vines Cornlchon grapes 3 years old:
: this season's crop goes with place; house, i
rooms; barn and outbuildings; all furniture,
farming implements, livestock included.
Postofflce, church, school, ¦ 1 mile distant;
¦ price $4250. Address D. BRITTON. 433 Ellis.
4*4 ACRES level land near San Mateo; rich
¦ soli; small improvements. Apply 107 Church
,st.. near Market: call at 5 p. m.
For Additional 'Classified Advertise-
. - ments See Pago TMrty,Bernhardt will not have srone the rounds
until she has played Uncle Tom.
In the annual regatta of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club to be held to-day^ over
the channel course the yachts will be^di
vided into three classes according to their
racing length. Class 1 includes the
schooners Lurline. Aggie. Ramona Chls
pa the yawl Tramontana and the sloops
racine length. Clas3 1 includes the
Thetis. Cygnus, Aeolus, Siren and
Surprise and the yawls Royal, Phyllis and
Snrav In class 3 are the sloops Anita and
nVwev The course will be very similar
to that of -the Corinthian Yacht Club, be
in* across an imaginary line drawn from
the northwest corner of Powell-street
wharf to a stakeboat anchored about a
auarter of a mile off to and around a
stakeboat anchored off Angel Island, leav
ing it on the port hand: thence to and
around the stakeboat off Powell street,
leaving it on the starboard hand; thence
to and around Presidio Shoal buoy, leavin?
it on the port- hand': thence to and across
the starting line, finishing between tha
stakeboat and the wharf."
San Francisco Club Regatta.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT
REMOVES AN OFFICElt
Disobedience of Orders the Causa of a
Dismissal in the Choctaw
Nation. /
SOUTH Mc'ALESTER, I. T.. Aug. 17.—
There is an empty chair and 'an idle desk
in the Choctaw Townsite ~ Commission.
Commissioner S. B. Smlser received the
following •teleg'-am from Acting Secretary
Ryan of the Interior Department to-day: ,
"You are hereby removed . from . the
Townsite Commission of the Choctaw Na
tion for disobedience of orders in refusing
to proceed with the ¦ appraisement and
sale of townsltes." - . x
-It is presumed that Secretary Hitchcock
will ; call- upon tfce Governor of the Choc
taw. Nation to make .-a. new appointment,
and v falling. in 1 hat. a member will be ap
pointed for the Governor .*¦ by Secretary
Hitchcock,; who is determined to proceed
under the. act of Congress. • . .
FIREMAN , OF , THRESHING
ENGINE LOSES HIS LIFE
One Man Killed. and Two Injured in
an Explosion Near San
¦ Lucas!
PASO ROBL.ES, Aug. 17.— By the explo
sion of a ; threshing engine to-d.\y near
San Lucas Fireman Del. Crane was killed
and - Engineer H. y Rutherford and Victor
Lipkey, a boy, were badly Injured. The
engine ¦: belonged to \A.- 'WV ': Jessum's
threshing outfit ' and had been in use but
a short time/ The '.separator was- badlv
damaged'by pieces of the flying boiler.; "
•-By- "Win. G. Layng— Thursday, August 29. at
11 o'clock, Fine Road Horses, at 721 Howard
street.
" By S. 'Watklns— Tuesday, Augrust v 20, at 11
o'clock, Horses and Wagons, at 1140 - Folsom
street. - : J , '-y-v ¦...:' ••¦:
ATJCTION SALES.
ONE PUNCH WINS FOB NEILL.
San Franciscan Defeats Shaughnessy
"in Two Minutes.
TACOMA, Aug.-17.-After two^mlnutes
of fighting last night, in.: which Mark
Shaughnessy left numerous openings for
the punch Al Neil! landed a right hook on
the chin and the Chicago man went down
and was counted out. The blow did not
appear ,to ! have, much weight behind it
but Rhaughnf ssy ? was worked over as
though hehad been laid away for a week.
Free for all pace, purse $30<*>-Anaconda won
two straight heats in 2:05%. 2:04% . beatlnx
Prince Alert. ¦ "
2:15 class pacing." purse $1500-Onoto won
three straight heats in 2:10K 2:10Vi 2-10U Thi.
Hero. Rosetta. Captain Porter. Belle Cannon
Agnes May. Baron D. Beauseant, Mark Henl
drlck and Ougray also started. en
-2:16 class trot, purse $1500-Waubun won three
straight heats in 2:12V4. 2:11^. 2:13% BeSa
Eula -.Mac, Ben Hal and QuarterstafT a \%
started.- t . .
2:CS pace, purse $1500 (unfinished Friday—
Dan Patch won the second, third and fourth
heats In 2:<MV&. 2:07^. 2:05%. Martha Marshall
won the first heat In 2:09. Major Muscovite
George the "Bishop. Paul Revere and pltsv K
also started. : ,'
ANACONDA MAKES NEW
GELDING PACING RECORD
Negotiates the Mile Distance in
2:01 3-4 on the Brighton
< ; ;¦-' ; ¦ -uacetracK.
NEW YORK, Aug. ir— The Seaside
meeting at Brighton Beach closed to-day,
the feature race of the- day being the
free for all for pacers. The field had
dwindled down to two starters, Anaconda
and Prince Alert:
The first heat was won handily by Ana
conda in 2:05^2, but there was fast going
from the start when the pacers took the
word for the heat. Anaconda
passed under the wire in. 2:01%, with the
Prince a couple of lengths behind This
is the fastest race of the year and is
also a champion record, as it is the great
est time ever made in a race by a geldine
The time by quarters was: Quarter
:30i£: hall', 1:01; three-quarters, l-sili
mlle, 2:05^. Quarter, :30; half, 1:00: three
quarters, 1:30; mile, 2:01%. •
Columbia— "Lady Huntworth's Experiment"
to-morrcw night. >
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house— "The Liars."
Central— "The Great Diamond Robbery."
Tivoll— "Otello."
California — "Barbara Frietchie."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympla,. corner Mason and Eddy streets—
Specialties.
Chutes; Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening:. ,
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
¦ Sutro Baths — Swimmlngr.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Professor Ten-Ichl,' the
conjurer, Monday evening, August 19.
Ringling Bros.' Circus— Monday, ~ August 26,
Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
State Fair and Exposition, Sacramento — Sep
tember 2 to 14.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Stamboul, the
trotting stallion (2:07%), died to-day at
the farm of his owner, E. H. Harriman.
near Goshen. He was foaled in 1SS2 and
was by the famous sire Sultan, dam
Fleetwing. by Hambletonian, second dam
Patchen Maid, by George M. Patchen.
He was bred by the late L. J. Rose of San
Gabriel. Cal; He was bought by the late
Mr. Hobart of San Francisco for J^O.OOO
and later was shipped to New York and
sold for $41,000 to E. H. Harriman. Ht»
has been in the stud ever since. He has
forty trotters to his credit from 2:11 to
2:30. .'¦
Farm.
at E. H. Harriman's Stock
Fifty-Thousand-Dollar Stallion Dies
STAMBOUL, THE FAMOTJS
TROTTER, IS NO MORE
Consolation cup— Mrs. C. F. Clarke beat Miss
Susan Whipple. 1 up. the match being settled
by a stymie on the last hole.
EXMOOR CUP IS WON BY
MISS BESSIE ANTHONY
Defeats Miss Carpenter After High-
Class Work on the
Links.
EXMOOR COUNTRY CLUB. HIGH
LAND PARK, 111.. Aug.. 17.— Playing golf
that would have been a credit to many
men, the Western woman champion. Miss
Bessie Anthony of Evanston, 111., to-day
defeated Miss "Johnny" Carpenter in the
finals of the'Exmoor cup competition by
the decisive score of six up and five to
go. While the match was ended at the
thirteenth hole, the bye holes were played
"for the fun of it" and Miss Carpenter
won three of them.
The results of the finals in the remain
ing matches were:
Women's cup— Miss Grace Chapman defeated
Mrs. W. B. Mcllvalne^ 2 up and 1 to play.
Solace cup— Miss Annie Everett defeated Misa
Mary Lewis, 3 up and 2 to play.
Dan Hanlon of San Francisco to-day
won 110,000 on Masterman, winner of the
$10,000 Grand' Union Hotel stakes. The
colt was admirably ridden by Hanlon'a
friend John Bullman.
BIG EASTERN STABLES
WILL BE SHIPPED WEST
Thomas H. Williams Receives Many
Assurances From Horssmen Be
• fore leaving Saratoga.
SARATOGA. N. T., Aug. 17.— President
Thomas H. "Williams of the new Califor
nia. Jockey Club leaves here to-night for
home. Mr. Williams will probably stop
at Chicago to Interview horsemen and In
duce them to ship to California for the
winter racing. Mr. Williams while hero
received assurances from an unusually
large number of owners of their intention
to be at San Francisco by the time the
season opened. Among the prominent
stables certain to race on the coast thia
winter are those of Byrnes, trainer
fpr the late Marcus Daly, and Pittsburg
Phil, who will take his crack jockey,
Shaw, along. r ».
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second. . or second, feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches: The figures are
from J. B. Lipplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
FLOW . OF BIVERS.
Final of one-mile handicap, professional— J.
A. Newhouse. Buffalo (30 yards), won; James
B. Bowler, Chicago (70 yards), second; Frank
Kramer, East Orange, N. J. (scratch), third:
J. T. Fisher. Chicago (20 yards), fourth. Time.
1:53 2-5. Major Taylor, Iver Lawson, Tom
Cooper, G. H. Collett, Lester Wilson. F. A.
McFarland. George R. Leander and A. Bell
also started.
Five-mile team pursuit race, amateur — Fred
A. Dahlke, B. W. C. and Warren Surbrick.
K. A. C, Buffalo, won; Lace Downing, San
Jose, and P. F. Brown, Pittsburg, second.
Time. 11:05 3-3.
Ten-mile championship, professional — - Iver
Lawson, Buffalo, won; Major Taylor, Worces
ter, second; Frank Kramer, East Orange, N.
J., third. Time. 23:17.
The five-mile team amateur pursuit race
between teams composed of Lace Down-
Ing of San Jose and P. \V. Brown of
Pittsburg and "Warren Surbrick and F. H.
Dahlke, Buffalo, was won T>y the Buf
falo team. They grained on their rivals
from the start and at the end of five
miles had gained one hundred yards and
were declared the winner. Summary:
BUFFALO. Augr. 17.--The N. C. A. bi
cycle meet dosed to-day. The final of the
ten-mile championship was won by Iver
Lawson of Buffalo, who Is now a close
follower of Major Taylor In the champion
ship column. In which Kramer maintains
a good lead. A blanket would have cov
ered the three as they crossed the tape
with Lawson leading by half a wheel.
Taylor had the same advantage over Kra
mer.
Taylor Second and Kramer
Third.
Ten-Mile "Won by Iyer Lawson, "With
CLOSING OF CTCTjING ,
RACES AT BUFFALO
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr & Mrs R M Con
eer, New York'
B I Wheeler, Berkeley
W J Wiley, San Mateo
H G Morrow. Pa
C Gorton; New York
E W Mason, Coal in ga
M Kenna & w, Chgo
Mrs Towler, Chicago
W S Prlckett. Mich
R E Fontaine, Mont
O B Smith. Alabama
Miss M Smith. Ala
F B Morgan. Ohia
W H Robson. Baltimr
H J Small, Sacto
E Everhardt, Oakland
Mrs "A Pieper, S Jose
Miss O Pieper, S Jose
C Braslan. San Jose '
Mrs S H Wheeler. Nev
H' Jewel, Los Angeles
W G Bussey, N Y
W F Crosby, Colo Spf
F H Weeks, Colo Spr
Mr & Mrs J S Blair.
Washington
Dr F H Metcalf . Sacto
S P Harvey, Oakland -
L C Sheldon, Alameda
G E Dursen Jr. Sacto
W A Akers & w. Utah
J G French. Avalon
W Lockridge, Texas
J L Finney, NY
H "W White & w. Ohio
M Schatz. New York.
G R Rommeirs, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Richardson, Cal
E Gibson, Slitter
J C Nourse, Fresno
J D Orcutt, San Jose
R Don, Benicia
F G Fay, Sacto
T Booth, Danville
J Williams, Danville
L Walker, •Woodland
S A Helbejt, Cal .
L fierce, Cal
J B Reed, Baltimore
E J Roberts. Lompoc
Mrs H McKay, Napa
Miss B Walters. Napa
C Morelng, Stockton
Mrs Moreing, Stockton
T Robinson, San Jose
Mrs Robinson, S Jose
J W Hupp, Cal "~
F E Sanford, Redlands
Mrs Sanford, Redlands
G F Deitzler, Biggs
Mrs J J Orton. Mllwke
Dr W H Watklns. N O
Mrs Watkins, New O
F B Glass, Red Bluff
W E Newton. Chicago
Ed Week. Globe, Ariz
E P Dunn, S Barbara
T A Sanson Jr. I T
A M W Forester, Mo
AY G Baker. N Y
E W Westgate, Cal
J Bender, Ohio '
Mrs D L Parrish. Mo
Miss W G Parrish, Mo
C E Smith, Mo
Mr Collins, Mo
J B Dersey, Fresno
E A Gilbert, Sacto
E W Palmer, Chicago
O J West, Chicago
R Horback, Cal
Mrs G F Ditzler, Biggs
W F Bray, Placerville
F H Murray, Boston
W Curtis, Sacto
Mrs Curtis, Sacto
Miss E Curtis, Sacto
E E Bassett, Colo -
J G Slubley, Cal
Mrs Kelvery, Mass
Miss Mason, Cal .
B A Towne, Sacto
C L Crane, Nevada
G W Davier, Los Ang
Miss S McGlynn, Mo
J J McGlynn, Mo
R McCormick, Chicago
W F Lanigan, Hudson
G Wachtel, Los Ang
B Benson, Chicago
M Wilson. Chicago
E G Brannon, Chicago
G W Wickey, Chicago
J H Tibblts, Redding
G R Ronur.elss, Cligo
F Cox, Berkeley
E J Ferruson, Ky
New Y.ork 2 6 0
Brooklyn 4 10 1
Batteries— Denzer and Warner; Kitson and
McGuire. >
Second game — R. H. E.
New York 1 7<. 2
Brooklyn 6 14 0
Batteries— Leltner and "Warner; Newton and
'Farrell. Umpire— Dwyer.
.PITTSBURG. Aug. 17.— Cincinnati could do
ncthing with j Chesbro /and only one man
reached third base. Attendance, 4900. Score:
• Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 5 8 0
Cincinnati 0 5 .2
Batteries— Chesbro. and Zlmmer; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpire — Colgan.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 17.— Good pitching
characterized the two games played to-day by
Philadelphia and Boston. The visitors were
shut out In the first game. Attendance, 9300.
Score, first rame:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 8 1
Boston 0 5 1
Batteries— Orth and Jacklitsch; Dineen and
Moran. Umr>ire — Emslle. . .
Second :ame:
Clubs— R. H." E.
Philadelphia 3 9 1
Boston .' 2 4 4
Batteries— Duggjeby and McFarland; Pittin
ger and Kittredge. Umpire— Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17.— Waddell was invincible
against the St. Louis team to-day and only
six hits were made off him. Ragged work in
the local field allowed the Chicajos to win.
Attendance, 1500. ' ¦ Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 8.1
St. Louis 3 6 2
Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Sudhoff and
Schriver. Umpire— O' Day.
Philadelphia 6 9 0
Batteries— Garvin and Donohue; Fraser and
Powers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE."
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— New York was easily
outplayed in two games by Brooklyn to-day.
Weak batting handicapped the home team.
The second game developed into a farce after
the visitors had secured a comfortable lead.
Attendance, 9SC0. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 6 1
Batteries— McGinnity and Bresnahan; Moore
and Connor.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 17.— Milwaukee and
Philadelphia played two games to-day, the
home team winning both. The first was char
acterized by sensational plays on both sides
and much wrangling with the umpire. The
second game resulted in a victory for the
locals, principally on account of Milwaukee's
poor fielding. Attendance, 6095. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Milwaukee 5^ 12 0
Philadelphia .....8 12 1
Batteries— Reidy and Mahoney; "Wiltse and
Powers.
Second game — R. H. E.
Milwaukee 4 10 5
. WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— Washington and
Detroit split even on a double-header to-day.
Mercer pitched great ball and with perfect sup
port in the first game held Detroit at his mercy.
Washington hit Siever hard.
The second game was one" of the prettiest ,
pitchers' battles seen here thia season, hut.
Patten's ragged support and his team's poor'
base /running gave the victory to' Miller. At
tendance 3278. Score:
First same — • R. H. E.
"Washington 5 14 0
Detroit . 1. S 4
Batteries— Mercer and Clarke; Siever and
Shaw. . --,_
Second game — R, H. E.
"Washington ......... 0 4 4
Detroit 2 4 0
Batteries— Patten and Clarice; Miller and
Shaw.
BOSTON, Aug. 17.— Clark » Griffith occupied
the box for Chicago to-day and was batted hard
and often. Attendance 11,919. The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Poston ;.... 4 13 2
Chicago 2 6 3
9 Batteries— Lewis and Criger; Griffith and Sul
livan.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 17.— Moore went to pieces
in the eighth inning of the game played here
to-day. Up to that time he had the locals
completely at his mercy. Attendance, 3637.
Score:
Clubs—. • R. H. - E.
BaUimore 3 .9 3
BIG CROWDS ATTEND
GAMES IN THE EAST
Good and Bad Baseball Exhibited on
the Diamonds of Both
Leagues. • r
. AMERICAN LEAUGE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
OMAHA, Aug. 17.— The common mode
of disposing of property by a raffle has
brought Into the clutches of Uncle Sam
three of Nebraska's foremost citizens-
John R. Hays, ex-candidate for Congress;
Isaac Powers, ex-Attorney General, and
Dr. S. A. Baer, a well-known physician.
The trio has been arrested for attempt
ing to dispose of the auditorium at Nor
folk. Neb., by selling tickets at $1 each.
The raffle method has taken such hold
In the last few months that the Federal
authorities propose to make examples of
the present alleged offenders.
The raffle for which the drawing was
about to take place had been widely ad
vertised throughout the "West, photo
graphs and posters adorning places of
public resort. It was a public enterprise
and the names of the promoters gave it
standing. The sales reached such pro
portions that the scheme came to the
ears of the Washington authorities and a
special inspector was sent to Norfolk to
Investigate.
Following the Inspector's report the
Omaha Postofflce was Instructed to re
fuse the use of the mails for the further
ance of the enterprise, as it was a lot
tery and contrary to law. The incident
was considered closed until orders were
received by the District Attorney to bring
active proceeding? against the promoters.
The prosecution will* be conducted with
all vigor.
The Norfolk project is one of many ex
tensive raffles recently held In the "We3t.
The Pierce homestead at Sioux City was
thus disposed of and promoters of the
Kansas City auditorium adopted the same
plan. Many tickets were sold also for
the acaulrement of a ranch In Northwest
Nebraska, but no 'drawing ever took
place. ( « •¦.-'•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempt to Sell the Norfolk
Auditorium Nipped in
the Bud.
W. H. Noyes, vice president of the com
pany, was seen at his residence her© to
night. He admitted that Hayden -was a
defaulter. He said Hayden had been with
the company five years, the last two
years in his late position. He was a
trusted employe and highly thought of.
NEW YORK, Aug. . 17.— It became
known to-night that the New York office
of Swift & Co., the. Chicago packers, had
been robbed of a considerable sum of
money by Its secretary and treasurer.
The local office is incorporated as a New-
York corporation, with a capital of $100,
000. Its secretary and treasurer was John
T. Hayden, 35 years old.
Following his usual custom, John Chap
lin, an auditor in the Chicago offices of
the company, came to this city last Mon
day to make an Inspection of the ac
counts. Hayden met Chaplin and turned
over the books to him. Tuesday Hayden
was at the office for a short time, but the
next day could not be found. Chaplin
continued in his work, and at present the
loss is variously estimated at from $10,000
to $50,000.
Company Disappears
Suddenly.
Young Secretary of Large
Sensational Discovery by
Official in Eastern
Umce.
Government Authorities
Arrest Men in Ne
braska.
AUDITOR FINDS
COIN MISSING
OFFICERS STOP
THEIR RAFFLE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, I? 0 *-
30
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS
ERRY.
I Seconc
1 Feet..
DATE.
1900.
1901.
August 4
August 5
August 6
August 7 ,
August 8
August 9. ..........«'.
August 10. ....:.......
S805
SSQ5
3805
3S05
8805
SS05
3S05
3380
308&'
. 39S0
3980
3980 I
• 3305
3.505
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNT
IVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
( Seconc
1900.
DATE.
ATE. 1
1900. 1901.
August 4.;...
August 5
August 6.....
August 7
August S
August 9.....
August 10
| |
..V 624 6000
672 j 6000.
5201 6260
; 520 § 3920
..;........".... :» 4S0 t 32S0
480 J 2852
440 : 2713
624
572
.520
520
4SO
480
. 440
TUOLUM
>JE RIVER AT L,A GRANGE.
DATE.
August 4.....
August 5
August 6
August 7
August, 8
August 9
August 10
Second Feet. - •
- M' ng Co.
1900. 1901. Canal.
¦ 97 1590 V 7
97 1740 7
77 13C0 7
47 • 208O .. 7
41 1300 7
.. 37 . 950 7 I
27 950 7
Total
1901.
1597
1747
1907
. 20S7
1307
957
357
Total
1901.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS
ERRY.
I Seconc
1 Feet..
DATE.
1900.
1901.
August 4
August 5
August 6
August 7 ,
August 8
August 9. ..........«'.
August 10. ....:.......
S805
SSQ5
3805
3S05
8805
SS05
3S05
3380
308&'
. 39S0
3980
3980 I
• 3305
3.505
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNT
IVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
( Seconc
1900.
DATE.
ATE. 1
1900. 1901.
August 4.;...
August 5
August 6.....
August 7
August S
August 9.....
August 10
| |
..V 624 6000
672 j 6000.
5201 6260
; 520 § 3920
..;........".... :» 4S0 t 32S0
480 J 2852
440 : 2713
624
572
.520
520
4SO
480
. 440
TUOLUM
>JE RIVER AT L,A GRANGE.
DATE.
August 4.....
August 5
August 6
August 7
August, 8
August 9
August 10
Second Feet. - •
- M' ng Co.
1900. 1901. Canal.
¦ 97 1590 V 7
97 1740 7
77 13C0 7
47 • 208O .. 7
41 1300 7
.. 37 . 950 7 I
27 950 7
Total
1901.
1597
1747
1907
. 20S7
1307
957
357
Total
1901.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
pi BOOMS -—'¦-"' TO:LET.
A— For rooms, apartments,, housekeeping, fur-
nlshed, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st.: tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— Newly— Furnished— Private— Residence,
332 O'Farrell-St :..;
# Parlor, suite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
ist; Other suites and singles from $10 up; ref.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE/ 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; *1 25 to $5 per week, -and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st; cars.
ASTOR Hotel, Powell and Clay— New- house;
newly furn.; home for gents; grill attached.
AT Shasta House,- 246 Third— 200 rooms; rTewly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. >
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $150 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central. ' ¦ , :
BACK parlor, partly furnished, with use of
kitchen and bathroom; $3 per month; refined
young lady or lady with a child. Inquire
Sunday at 2405 Clement st.; Sutro cars pass
door. • '','¦¦¦
BRADY. 39— Sunny newly furnished rooms, $6
and $7; private family. ¦¦ '-
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1242— Finest location In city;
elegant front parlor suite, sunny and hand-,
somely furnished, with gas fireplace, phone,
running water; private family; gents prefd.
CALIFORNIA, 1607— Front furnished room.
suitable for 1 or 2; closet; gas; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦ •¦
ELLIS. 705 — Nice sunny room; use parlor and
piano; $8 per month.
FIFTH, 119. second flat— Furnished rooms, sin-
gle and double, from $1 25.
FIFTH, 264 — Large, well-furnished front room;
closet; bath; 1 or. 2 young men; cheap.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEART, 5S4, below Jones — Handsomely fur-
nished front suite; also single rooms; bath
and phone; new flat. . ' . ¦ .
GUERRERO, 629— Nicely furnished front room;
$7. ¦ ¦ -
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the c!ty; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. .
HERMANN, 626, near 'Fillmore— Large sunny
rooms for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HOWARD, 1063, .'•The Harvey"— Newly furn.
. sunny front bay-window; electric lights; $10.
HYDE, 1414—4 unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also 3 rooms in lower floor; sun all day.
IVT ave., 211 — Large front unfurnished room,
$6; no children.
JESSIE. 641— Furnished room and bath, suit-
able for gentleman. Box 4SS7. Call office.
LARKIN, 623 — 3 6un*ny unfurnished rooms; gas.
bath and closet; reasonable; call 2 p. m.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back rbom, 1 or 2
persons; housekeeping; $6 50.
LARKIN, 817V4 — Nicely furnished front room;
sunny corner; reasonable. ¦-:.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arllngton)-Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055 — Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; $10; also rooms for transient; .baths.
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred ; references.**
MARKET. 2378 — Nice sunny rooms with or
without board, $5 and $6.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
I MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 911V4 — Two single furnished- rooms,
large and sunny; $3 and $7.
MISSION. 1717«4, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 1721 — Sunny front room, nicely
furnished, $6.
ONE or two sunny small unfurnished rooms to
let cheap; near Call office. Box 4915. Call.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POST, 827 — Gentleman can have large sunny
room for $4 a month. . *
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $R to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms ¦with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant ruites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
THE CECILENE, 930 Van Ne«s ave.
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references.
TWELFTH, 111 — Large sunny well furnished
'room; phone; bath. etc.
$110 WEEK— Large sunny " furnished room;'
closet: bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table ;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave..- 519— Elegant parlor suites: all
conv.; 3 or 4 gentlemen; best table board.
2 PLEASANT furn. rooms, board; home cook-
Ing; refined surroundings. 1320 California.
ROOMS WANTED.
BY 2 adults, 8 unfurnished rooms bet. Van Ness i
ave. and Taylor. ! Turk and Pine sts. ; state i
" price. Address 2284 Bush stl . ¦
WANTED— Room for single person, $5. Box
4761. Call office.
SFECIAIi NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa. '
NOTICE— We are responsible for. our- photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed;
positively no verbal arrreemtns with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co., 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580..
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free: send for circular. . 935 Mkt. r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated
sultation free. American Dispensary. R14 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, Bold, rented, exchanged ; re-
: pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 '4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
sl'ot. machines. -
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. . 1167
i- Market, bet. 7J;h and 8th; other machines.
STORAGE AND WAnEHOPSES.
HraC^-RUDoXra^toTa^e^anT^wing^Co^
office Post and Powell -.'Eta.; tel.- Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS .Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st,;
tel: Main- 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moviri? Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94- (twelve
and one-half -cents per share) of the Hutch-
' inson Sugar Plantation. Co. will be .payable
. at the office' of the company. 327 Market st.,
on and after Tuesday, August 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday. August 13. 1901, at
3 o'clock p. m.; H. W. THOMAS. Sec.
FROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.," Aug. 6, 31901— Sealed proposals, . In
. triplicate, will . be received here until . 11
o'clock a. m. August 21, 1901, for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
126 Standard Artillery Horses ; ¦ delivery ; to
commence within . sixty days after award of
contract; preference given to animals -of do-
mestic production, conditions of . quality and
price being equal. United States reserves the
,. right to reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. .; For further Information see circular
,- to bidders. or apply to _thls office. Envelopes
containing proposals V should be marked:
r "Proposals for.: Artillery Horses," and ad-
dressed to the . undersigned. ¦ '.
j. w. - Jacobs. ; c. q: m. ; ; ,
REAL ESTATE— COP3> TRY— -For Sale
A— SPECIAL SACRD7-ICE.- '
Absolutely one of the choicest fruit ranches
in this county, near Haywards depot and
. Haywards cannery; 31 acres fine full-bearing
fruit- modern city style home; property cost
$25 000 reduced to $16,500; mortgage $8000;
cash offer wanted; must sell. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth St. Oak-
land.
FOR rent, sale or trade-One of the best Btock
and grain or hay ranches In Lake County of
- 350 acres; 200 more or less level land; in grass
and grain; « barns that will hold 500 tons;
pood 7-room house; fenced and cross-fenced;
all implements; plenty water; small orchard:
horses and few cattle. Call at HENNINGS
BROS.. Sixth and Alice sts.. ¦ Oakland.
$1530— A 5-ACRE ranch 1 mile from Mountain
View, Santa Clara County. % mile from rail-
road depot, includes $700 dwelling, $250 barn,
outhouses, family orchard, artesian water. 2
Jersey cows and calf. 1 horse, phaeton, 100
. chickens house furniture, tools. etc; fine
place. B. E. BURNS. Mountain View, Cal.
1 LOT In El Paso de Robles; 113 front by SOC
feet deep. $125.
80 acres in Sams Valley. Jackson Counts-.
Or.; good fruit lend; house, barn, well, creek;
fine climate; no frosts: on county road; near
school and rvilroad: $6C0 or trade; dear.
H. G. WHITTLE. 131 San Pablo ave.. Oakld.
$2000 — tli-ACRE stock ranch. Lake County, on
county read; CO acres alfalfa land, balance
' good pasture; mostly fenced; 6-room house,
bam. orchard; well watered with springs.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
WATSON'VILLE PHOPERTT.
Are you looking for a good paying ranch?
If so, why not write or call on us? We hav«
a large list. Catalogue free. R. P. QUTNN,
room 25, Chronicle bldg.. or 'Watsonvllle. Cal.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit: near S. P. sta-
tion; price 55000. Address MRS. C. V. DAY,
Valencia. Santa Cruz Co.. Cal. • ;
JCOTICE TO ACTIVE MEX— Agents wanted at
once in all parts of California, Washington
and Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
land; quick action; good commission. For
full particulars address box 4764. Call office.
TO lease— Very cheap. 20-acre chicken ranch
near Napa; orchards, tools, horses, wagons,
etc.. on place. Box 47S0. Call office.
FDR Mendoclno County stock ranches and
farms address XV. M. PEERY. Uklah, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. wixriELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster, Whttton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nited States or Canada one rear for $1.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
CITY, suburban and country property-owners
who desire to effect a. speedy sale are Invited
. to communicate with us ; we have many in-
quiries from Eastern clients for California
properties. The American Guaranty and
Trust Co.. 310 Safe Deposit building, San
Francisco. Cal. . i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BkOADWAY.
OAKLAND I REAL ESTATE. .,
ABOUT $20 monthly, including Interest, -will
buy a pretty cozy Eastlake cottage of 5 large
.rooms, conservatory, bay window, hall, bath,
sanitary plumbing, brick foundation, living
room and work room in the basement, with
Indoor stairs to the same; all in Al condi- v _
tlon; situate on the north or sunny side of
the street; within two blocks .of local rail-
road station- good neighborhood -and a big
bargain; street work all done and stone
walks laid; handy to schools, churches and
local trains; occupied by owner and can hi
seen at any time; rent value $15 per month;
house alone- insured for $1500; owner celling
on account of building location farther out;
total price of property only $1500 on these
easy installments; small cash payment, bai-
ance monthly; liberal discount for a quick
ca«h sale; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$100 DOWN and about $15 per month, includ-
¦ ing interest: plain but comfortable house of
'7 rooms, bath, hall,, sliding doors, front
porch and basement: very sunny all day^and
in good condition; insured for $S0O; nice little
barn, driveway and garden; city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East; total price
only $1000 on installments; liberal discount
for a quick cash sale; street work all done;
near San Pablo ave. and local trains to San
Francisco; title perfect and guaranteed ; bank
mortgage; Investigate at once.
GEO. _W. AUSTIN CO., .
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand
new home of 6 fine large sunny rooms with
porcelain bath and sink; elevated lot, 40x150
(note the size); near Grove Bt.; etreet work
all done; a pretty cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A LIST WORTH INVESTIGATING.
$12.500— A magnificent suburban home of 6
acre&; cost $25,003; grandly situated.
$18,000 — A handsome centrally located man-
sion; cost $27,000; adjoining 3 similar homes.
$5000— Handsome flats; 7 rooms each; rents
$50 month; one year old; residence location;
mortgage $3000.
$3100— Fine modern 8-room house; near Clinton
station; beautifully situated.
$1450— Bank mortgage • $1200; a snap; cozy 4-
room, porcelain bath, cottage; near 33d and
Grove.
$7500— Special sacrifice; offer wanted; Lake-
side District: 12-r. home; finest location; snap.,
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
INVESTIGATE THIS OFFER.
Must be sold; contractor needs money. We
are authorized to obtain an offer on two ele-
gant new 2-story colonial 8-rooni houses; latest
design; choicest location in Oakland; each has
flat loan of $3000 and $3500: prices reduced to
$4000 and $4500 each rather than rent and
pay interest; reasonable offer and easy terms
will be made for quick sale. Call at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN RE AL T ESTATE^
Cheap homes for sale
By the Alameda Land Company.
$1500— New modern cottage; nice lot; a bar-
gain. /
. $2230— Fine 6-room 2-story house; large lot; a
snap.
S24SO — House, S rooms and bath; lot 35x150;
foreclosure.
$2SC0 — 2 -story house, S rooms and bath; fine
location; large lot.
$3:;0— A spacious S-room house; lot 40x207;
carriage-house: windmill; a great bargain.
$ir.00 — An elegant 8-room house, just com-
pleted: all modern improvements; choice neigh-
borhood: corner lot.
Lots for ssile in all parts of Alameda; $500
buys a fine 50x130 lot.
Easy terms. Homes built to suit. 'Write or
call. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1300 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
$1350— NEW modern 4-room cottage: lot 50x50;
sunny t?ide street: fine location.
$G0O — Fcur-room cottage, furnished complete;
lot 35x70; $r>0 cash, balance $10 per month.
$GO0— Four-rocm cottage; lot 4Sx50; hard finish.
$1530— Elegant 4-room cottage; $350 cashj, bal-
ance on mortgage at 8 per cent.
$TS50 — Seven-room house; lot 50x150; new and
modern; must be seen to be appreciated.
$5000 — Elegant modern home; large lot; stables,
etc: location finest In city; easy terms.
J55OO— New modern 7-room cottage; easy terms.
If you want- to buy, rent, sell or exchange
•write or call on
VT. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park st., Alameda.
r*T7"iO — MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath
and reception hall; lot 33xl4S; one block from
electric cars; close to school and near Morton
8t. station. CHARLES ADAMS & CO., Bay
Elation, Alameda. ' : .
€-ROOM cottage now building at 13S1 'Weber st.
i can be changed to euit purchaser. J. H.
YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park 6t., Alameda.
BARGAIN?; improved & unimproved property
acquhed by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ABVERT1SEMNTS.
BERKELEV REAL ESTATE.
J45C0— REDUCED from $7500; 20 acres of land; 7-
room house, fine barn: only 2 miles north of
Berkeley. W. C. MORAN* & CO.
$2500— NEW 7-room house; 10 minutes' walk to
U. C. grounds; sell same as rent. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$2000 — XEW 6-room cottage, only one block to
train and etreet cars; $200 cash, balance $20
per month; porcelain bath, tiled sink, side-
board, fine mantel, stationary tubs, tinted
walls and gas fixtures. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$10.000— FINEST corner In Berkeley; lft. large
rooms: lot 75x200; fine grounds; three blocks
to U. C. grounds. TV. C. MORAN & CO.
$27E0 — SEVEN rooms; on 100-foot street and
main avenue to U. C. grounds; lot 45x110;
must be sold at once. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— GET one of these lots In the Wheeler
.Tract before prices raise; Etreet work all
done; 4 blocks to U. C. grounds; send for
map. W. C. MORAN & CO.
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
J270C — New 6-room house, $200 down. $25 per
month. $5000— Fine r»T modern house, with
large lot. $lS00 — 5-room cottage, with 2 lot*.
$16jr>— New 6-room house. $2700— 8-room house
in West Berkeley, with 3 lots, fruit trees,
'flowers, Ti-indmilt. $1200 — 4-room cottage; a
fine bargain. $S50— 4-room cottage. $2200— A
¦fine 6-room cottage at Lorin, no better bar-
rain in Berkeley. $1100— 5-room cottage, }500
down. $26 GO— New 6-room modern house.
'very homelike. $350 down, near street cars;
all street work done. . $4000 — 11-room bouse,
$300 down, monthly payments. $3250— 6-room
house in Fcenic Tract. Several houses in
West Berkeley from $15C0 upward.
SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
$1500 — REDUCED from $2000 to make an imme-
diate sale; 8 acres, cottage. 4 rooms, barn,
small vineyard, etc.; nice place for suburban
home or chicken ranch; one hour to S. F.; 5
minutes' walk from station. LAYMANCE,
632 Market St., room 10, or 460 Eighth St.,
Oakland. -
$1500— REDUCED $500 for quick sale.
Owners took property for a debt; cannot
occupy it; hence will sell at a sacrifice; one-
story and a half; 5 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 35x100; convenient to
cars, schools, etc.; almost new; first come
first served. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
- 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3000— SHOULD sell for $5000. Not my fault.
Owners must have money; hence a sale
without reserve; 9 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 50 feet front; No. 1
neighborhood; house alone said to have cost
{¦3500. One Treek only.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3500 PROPERTY for $2500.
Lot 50x140; sunny and convenient to cars,
• schools, etc.: 6 rooms and bath; owner has
left Oakland on account of sickness and must
sell; this is a bargain and must be seen to |
be appreciated. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels f cr sale. m
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Druz stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment. ¦
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list: may exchange.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 952 Broad-
way. Oakland.
$150 CASH. $6 monthly — Cottage, 3 rooms: hard
finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced: a fine home for
email family or bachelor; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 fami-
lies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st.. opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. •
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
$3250— New home of 7 rooms. 'bath and laundry:
just completed: close in town.
$4000 — New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold; fine location.
$4500— New house 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence Etreet.
Also a number of new homes In course of con-
struction. /
A. J. SNYDER. ,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
BARGAINS OF GEO. B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth Street.
$2400—3 acres of land, not far from Telegraph
ave.; former price twice the amount; sacrifice.
An elegant home in Lakeside district; 10
rooms, etc; only $5250: worth $7500.
New home of 7 rooms, laundry and bath; all
latest improvements; splendid location: beauti-
ful grounds: plate glass windows; only $3SC0;'
$2800 can remain, flat loan at 8 per cent.
J55C0— Elegant new house of 9 rooms, laundry
and bath; Not* Hill of East Oakland; large
lot: terms if desired.
$3250— GREATEST bargain ever offered In Oak-
land; two-story 10-room house, with extra
lots. 150x125; near Telegraph ave. ALDEN
CO., 111S Broadway. ' ,
COTTAGE; 4 rooms; barn, wagon and chicken-
houses; fruits, flowers: best mineral water;
near Lake Merrltt: must be sold. Inquire NW-
cor. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth, East Oakland.
OAKIiAXD ROOMS TO LET.
LARGE furnished room, with heating stove,
suitable for two, or single room; In a desir-
ble locality: clcse to local and electric cars;
nice place for nurse or music teacher; use of
piano during day. 1109 Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
NO. 202— $3100; new 7-room house: 2 blocks from
Berryrr.au station; a v.ell-built house.
' No. 219 — J3000; 10-room house: lot SOxlsO.
No. 210— JSCnO; 8 rooms; lot 50x130; on Ban-
croft way.
No. 1S5— ?220C;- 6-room cottage; lot 40x122-
•street work all done; cement walks.
flCOO — 6-room cottage, new. on easy terms.
S. S. QUACKENBUEH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
y~ '¦ Opp. First National Bank.
$1313— SETS this cozy cottage; 6 rooms, bath-
•hot and col<? wat»r; brick foundation: high
baretnent; lot 50x131; on improved street; $2oU
ca«*. balance on terms to suit- H D IR-
WIN. Lor'.n station.
JlfiOO— LOT 40x110; new house,- 6 rooms, bath"
hnt ani cold water; brick foundation; $100
cash, b3lar.ee like rent. H. D. IRWIN
Lorin station.
CALL and see the two new 5-room cottages I
am building: high basement: mantel; all th»
lateFt plumbing; well, tank and windmill-
13 minutes to R. R. station: price only $1400;
$100 cash: balance on easy payments J R
PERKINS. Lorin Station, Berkeley. . '
Is'EW C-room cottage, high basement, mantel
folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
cap fixtures; all the latest open plumbing*
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station- y,
block to electric cars; price only $I8!jt): $uk>
cash, balance like rent- J. R. PERKINS
Lorin Station. Berkeley. "
$150— ACRE lots: $10 down, balance $5 per
month. W. C. MORAN k CO..
Lorin Station and SchmHt Block.
Berkeley, Cal.
PRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRL*ITVAL,E REAL ESTATE.
$1750— 2V4 ACRES on a corner; 4-room bouse- (
irood well; chicken houses; 1 mile from
Frritvaie station.
$650 — 4-room cottage, well and pump, stable*
large lot.
*1700— Xew- 6-room cottage: all modern; lot 50
X125: 3 blocks from Fnilt\-ale station.
$1600— Modern 5-roora cottage; good basement:
-street work done; large lot: fine place.
$1200 — 2 acres situated on High Et.. about one
mile from Frtaitvale station.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO..
¦ ' • Frultvale Sta tlon.
FOR RENT— 5-acre poultry ranch on East
f Fourteenth et.. 2 blocks west of High St.,
Krultv-tfe. $10 per month; poultry incuba-
tor. brodCers etc. for sale at two-thirds «c-"
tual r«!u»». Call to-day or address F. C. WIL-
1JAMS. Frultvale, Cal. " ' -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL, The, 1773 Market— Sunny" housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms, $10 up; others, $6; with gas.
FOLSOM, 794—2 large sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping. (
FOLEOM, 853— A large sunny bedroom with
kitchen adjoining and yard.
FOURTH. 43714 — Fine housekeeping rooms,
suites or otherwise, from $10 up. . ¦
HOWARD, 513— Housekeeping rooins, $5, $i and
J7 per month; also single and double, 70c up.
HOWARD. 650 — A front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
dow; other rooms; man and wife.
HOWARD. 1063—2 completely furnished sunny
connecting rooms; running water.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front alcove suite suitable
for 2 or 3 people; also basement suite. .
LANGTON", 15. nr. 7th, off Howard— 8 neatly
furnished rooms; housekeeping; rent $10.
LARGE unfurnished, also furnished, on first
floor: large grounds. Apply 620 Folsom «st.
LARKIN, 716—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, |12. ¦ ; ,
LINDEN ave., 316, near Gough — Large sunny
room for housekeeping; use of kitchen; rea-
Eonable.
MCALLISTER. 799—2 6unny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. .
MINNA, 28— Three \ sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms and other rooms.
MINNA, 514— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
NINETEENTH st-, cor. San Carlos ave., bet.
Mission and Valencia — Elegant front parlor;
furnished and new piano, for ladies; also 2
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished, for
light . housekeeping. » - > . .
OAK, 119—2 front basement rooms furnished
for housekeeping; clean; 2 beds; yard; $10.
POLK. 1002—2 and' 6 room suites. . completely
furnished for housekeeping; {IS up: reference.
SEVENTH. 551—2 housekeeping rooms, $3 60. '
TURK, H5— Solar fiats; fine; new; Chicago
style: 1 to E room suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnished: electricity; * Janitor.
4 LARGE unfurnished rooms, south front, close
In •.•desirable neighborhood: adults only; rea-
sonable; references. Box 4S34, Call office.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN S—'W©
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The : Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. , L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new, J60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines *>10 up. 209 Sansome.
MABRIAGE LICENSES."
The following marriage T licenses were issued
yesterday: . : ,
Clement E.- Dunne, 34, Erie, Pa., and' Georgia
M.' Cramer, .20. Tiburon. -.).:¦ ¦
Max_ Trauner, 33, .706 Sutter. street, and Paula
Frorr.holz, 27, 1559 Market . street, f ¦¦¦¦
- Thomas S. Smith, 36, Los Angeles, and Sarah
F. a Chambers. 37,^ Los Angeles. .
¦ Anthony Graham, 35, 1171 Howard street, and
Hannah E. Gannon, 30, 1032% Folsom street.
Robert J.Ratcliffe, 32, Oakland, and .Bessie'
Smithies. 32, Oakland.
Eben Poole, 55, city, and Tereda Leonard. 45.
city.
David L. Gorman, 21, 2C9 Valencia street,
and May B. Carter, • 21, 209 Valencia street..
.Alfonzo M. Skinner. 24, Norfolk, Va.. and
Olie A. Maxfleld, 21, Port Angeles, Wash. -..
Ellas H. Goodwin, 22. - 245 Stockton street,
and Edith L. Woest, 19, 1020 Capp street.
.Richard L. Townsend, 22, Crockett, and Nel-
lie G. Soule. 19, San Jose.
\, Jess RcB e. 36, Santa Rosa, and Marie I.
Morris. 27, Santa Rosa. •
j Louis Goudel, 26, 820 Pacific street, and Lou-
ise Glneste. 30. 820 Pacific street.
_Carroll Thrasher, 25, 1170 Market street, and
Florence M. Bell, 18, 724 Eddy street: - !
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death t notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! n j either -of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same. published.
BORN".
FIGEL— In this city, August 15, 1901, to the
wife of Oscar Flgel, a son.
HELMS-In this city. July 29. 190L to the
I wife of C. G. Helms, a son.
HENNING— In this city. August 12. 1901, to the
wife of C. Henning, a daughter.
MERRILL-In this, city, August 13, 1901, to the
wife of George A. Merrill, a daughter.
ROACH— In this city. August 8, 1901. to the
wife of J. E. Roach, a son.
ROBERTS— In this city, August 16, 1901, to the
wife of J. c. Roberts, a daughter.
SLATE— August 16, 1901, to the wife of John
. E. Slate, a daughter.
SCOTT— In this city, August 13, 1901, to the
wife of H. S. Scott, a daughter.
SMITH— In Petaluma, August 5, 1901, to the
wife of R. J. Smith, a son. . t -
THAIN— In this city. August 16. 1901. to the
wife of Frederick Thaln, a daughter.
. /MARRIED.
ALLEN— MORTENSEN— in this city,' August
15. . 1901, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller.
Charles I. Allen and Maria Mortensen, both
of San. Francisco.
ARNHOLD-RENKEN-In thia city, August
10, 1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Eugene
M. Arnhold and Wilhelmine Renken.
CLARKIN— BARRETT— In San Rafael/ April
. 27, 1901, by the Rev. Father Eagen, Thomas
F. Clarkln and Mary T. Barrett, both of
San Francisco.
DONNELL— ADAMS— In this city, August IL
1901, by the Rev. Dr. Hutsinmller. "William
J. Donnell and Caroline Adams.
GRAY— CRUMMEY— In this city, August 12,
1901, by the Rev. Father Hannigan, William
P. Gray and Lillian T. Crummey, both of
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— DINEEN— In this city, August
14. 1901, at Holy Cross Church, by the Rev.
Father Sampson, Lawrence W. Newport and
Catherine A. Dineen. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Albert, Louis . Levy, Samuel
Bartlett. Domitllla Newton. William O.
Basizza. George O'Brien. John .
Brady, Edward i Perkins. Dr C. O.
Canavan, Martin Rencurel, Marie
Farrell, Thomast Servant, Wentworth
Gialer, Maria , Taylor, Gertrude B. !
Holmes. Robert -^ White, Thomas
Ingell, George . P. • "Wise, Rosa
ALBERT— In this city, August 13, 1901, Louis
Albert, a native of San Francisco, ared 36
i years 11 months and 26 days. .? -
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BARTLETT— In this city, August 16, 1901,
Domitllla, beloved wife of Joseph L. Bart-
lett, and sister of Mrs. Minnie Beeman, Mrs.
Mollie Williams and Matt Oreamano, a na-
tive of California, aged 42 years and 5
months.
CCTRemalns at her late residence. 108 Hart-
ford street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
BASIZZA— In this city, August 16, 1901,'
; George, beloved husband of the late Nlcolina
Basizza, father of George Basizza, and
cousin of Nick Sersen, a native of Dlemesia,
. Meleda. Austria, aged 69 years.
tC7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
- street, thence, to St. Rose's Church for ser-
. vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. -August 16, 1801, Edward,
beloved son of James and Rose Brady, and
brother of Rose Brady, . a native of New
Jersey, aged 23 years 9 months and 1 day.
tCThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Mission Dolores
Church, where services will be held, com-
mencing at the above hour. Interment Holy
Grots Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CANAVAN— In this city. August 16, 1901, Mar-
¦ tin, beloved husband of Hannah Canavan, a
native of County WIcklow, Ireland, aged 65
' years. "
CtyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, his late resl-
i dence, 444 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
» Heart Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city. August 17. 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Far-
rell, beloved son of the late John and Mary
A. Farrell, and brother of ' the late Maria
[ Kennedy and Mrs. Annie Dunne, and uncle
of John F. . and. Thomas E. Kennedy -and
John and -Emily Dunne, a native of New
York, aged 46 years and 5 months. A 'mem-
. ber of the Varnishers' and Polishers' Union
* of San Francisco. / i
GISLER— In this city, August 17. 1901, Maria
Gisler, dearly beloved wife of Joseph Gisler,
beloved -mother of Charles Gisler and j Ida
! Oschwanden of Switzerland, and cousin of
"Mrs. Josephine Reber and Maria* Retell, a
native of Buerglen. Canton Uri, Switzerland,
aged 47 years and 6 months.
HOLMES— In this city, August 17. lSOl, Rob-
ert Holmes, beloved son of Harold C. and
Evelyn Holmes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 6 days. ¦ \
INGELL— In this city. August 16, 1901, George
. Percy, beloved son of Percy and Elizabeth
Ins-ell, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 2 months and 24 days. ¦
. ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
•, fully invited to attend the 'funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. i'666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city. August 16, 190L Samuel
Levy, . beloved husband of Salamithe Levy,
and father of John C. and Isldor Levy, a
native of Alsace, aged 75 years 4 months and
28 days.
(C^Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10:15
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter
& White, 122 Eddy street. Services and in-
terment private. . .
NEWTON— In Oakland, William G. Newton,
son of Ellen and the late George Newton,
and /brother- of Hattle. Loron - and Annie
Newtcn, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 1 month and 20 days.
O'BRIEN^-In this city, August 17, 1901, John,
beloved husband: of Bridget O'Brien.' and
father; of Thomas O'Brien, a native of Ire-
land, aged 51 years.
-tt^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday),' at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,'
: thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
PERKINS— In Petaluma, August 16, 1901, at
9:12 p. m., Dr. C. O. Perkins, beloved hus-
band of Jennie E. " Perkins, father of Dr.
Harry F. Perkins of Occidental. Dr.- Edward
W: Perkins of San Francisco and Charle3 B.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. •
(Successor to : Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
' San Mateo County.
OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. .Manager.
IV N iTtD U N DERTAKERS,
'27 arid 29 Fifth st. Tel." South 167.'. ,
FUNERAL DIESCT0R3 AND EKBALHEES.
Finest Equipment at ' Moderate Rates.
JAMB8 McGINN^'
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened'
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy at., bet.
Taylor and Jones.- Telephone South 57<.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows" Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., >. P.. Cat. -
The ordinance ,» prohibiting . burials ;- in .: San
Francisco after the first -day of August. 190L
does not I refer to CREMATION.: Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing "lees harmful- to- the -living than- tha
ashes of their -dead. :•' ' .'-"- '¦¦ /• ..
Permits to cremate will b? • Issued : by ' the
Board of Health the «amea*< heretofore. -
GEORGE rt. FLETCHER. Manager.
Florist Go.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . .
107 POWELL ST.kc«ELUS 25S? 5056
- tC?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &>Co.,
641 v Sacramento street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. - • /
IT?" Interred Saturday, August 17.
•WISE— In Seattle. -Wash.. August 12. 1901.
Rnsa, beloved wife of the late Edward Wise,
beloved sister of Louise Brandt, and niece
of . Louis W. Pfeiffer and Mrs. Mary Wal-
ton, a native of San Francisco.
and RalDh :G. Perkins of - Petaluma, and
brother of Mrs. A. D. Moody of South Wlnd-
- sor. Me., and Mrs.-E. V.Ford o£ Pemaquid,
Me., a native of South Windsor,' Me., aged
, 66 years 5 months and 4 days. "'-. .
JE7£'riends ' and acquaintances are . Invited
Ito attend the funeral ¦¦¦¦¦ services to-day.
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the M. E. Church,
Petaluma, services to be conducted ¦ by the
Rev.'.T. A.. Atkinson, under the auspices of
Mount- Olivet Commandery No. 20, Knights
Templar.. Interment ..Cypress Hill Cemetery,
Petaluma. . ._ v.. -. — •>-'¦-
RENCUREL-In Altruria. Cal.,' August 16,
1901, I Marie Rencurel (nee Lenormand), be-
loved wife of ; the late Auguste Rencure.,
and beloved mother of J3ertha L. and Au-
gustine Rencurel. a native of France, aged
49 years 2 months and 14 days.- .
t^Frienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
VMonday). at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 166 Fourteenth street, corner Howard,
' thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
' des Victoires, where services will be hejd.
SERVANT— In ' this city, August 15, 1901,
Wentworth P., beloved husband of -p. Kate
Servant. ' a native of Nova. Scotia, atred is
years and 23 days.
ICJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the ausr>lees of Golden Gate Lodge No.
. 30, F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Market and
East streets. . . . ... .
TAYLOR— In this city. August 17. 1901, Ger-
• trude Burns Taylor, beloved • daughter of
James i and - Annie Taylor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month.
WHITE— In thia city, August 14. 1901. Thomas
White, beloved husband of Mary A. White.California sFruit Sales.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and; Bullion.
EterljSg Exchange, 60 days.. — $4 86 d
Stert b- Exchange, sight. ;...r.:.. '— -4 88%
.Ralslna are reported cleaned up, and as there
are none offering ; the . quotations ; are ; nominal.
Prices for, new Pears and Plums appear below,
Peachea and evaporated apples are still higher,
and the whole market is In first-class condition,
with 'a- continual' demand for the East and
"West. Prices • for -everything rule' firm.- -The
Prune Association. - after > canvassing the State,
announces a ' Prune crop of • only ¦ 55,000,000
pounds,, the lightest : ! for years; Santa Clara
County, is credited _-.' with ,r 24,000,000 - pounds,
against 101.000,000 pounds last year— quite a dif
ference. .»-!.!-.--;• ;¦--'•• £ I 1 *- ¦--,.- ¦¦¦•.'-- ,..-¦ "
;¦- FRUITS— Apricot*. 8@10o for new Royals and
8@14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; new
lEvaporated Apples, V 7@8c ; .' sundrled, 3@3%c ;
new- Peaches,- 6@8c;for .future .delivery; new
Pears, - 5%@9c;': Plums,-; pitted, ' 4@5c ; unpltted.'i I
1-fl'ilMm-iMi iih..iJV-| '^Tl " -ir-.-.I ¦- ' - .^¦^ J! S ...
Dried Fruits/ Nuts and Raisins.
Nczu York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 17.— Expectations of a
h gher money market caused a weak tone to
«ha stock market to-dcy, which was accen
tuated after the publication of the bank state
ment. Predictions as to further expansion In
loans were not borne out. the etatement on the
contrary ehowir.g a decrease In , thl» Item of
Jl.C45.200. This .unexpected good showing, how
ever, was more than offset by a loss in cash
of J2.71S.O50, which was quite unexpected, aa
the estimates yesieriay figured on a gain of
nearly three-quarters of a million dollars.
Some uneasiness was also felt at the efforts
making to close various steel mills which
have continued in coeration sine? the strike
was declared, fersirtent selling of the United
States Steel stocks- which mads extreme de
cline* of % and J%, respectively, for the com
mon and preferred, stimulated bear selling at
other points. Prices yielded steadily from the
outset, especially for the Granger*, Pacifies,
local tractions. Sugar and Amalgamated
Copper, which were lowered from - 1 to 2
points. The Southern and anthracite and
bituminous coal roads also relapsed sharply.
In th« final dealings trading • was a ehade
more- active, but the closing was weak. An
incident of the day was the pronounced weak
nese In the sterling exchanre market, offerings
y all clLEres of bUla^beine very large, with
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND."' Or., Aug. 17.— Clearings, $237,^
224; balance, $50,552. • :
OREGON.
' Northern^ Wheat Market.
"WASHINGTON
•PORTLAND, Aug. 17.— WHEAT — Walla
"Walla, ¦ 57e ; • blue stem.T 58«?58%c - ' *
TACOMA, • /Aug.' ¦ 17.-WHEAT-Quiet and
steady; blue stem, B8%c; club, 57e.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. 17.-Consols. 94%; r .Silver,
26 15-16d; French Rentes, lOlf 67^c; cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency ; English country
markets, steady; Indian shipments, wheat to
United , Kingdom, 11,000; Indian shipments
wheat to Continent. 20.000.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 17.— Wheat "quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6sld@6s l%d. Weather In
Ensland' unsettled. - '-...¦ •
COTTON— Uplands, 4s 17-32d.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— Cotton closed quiet,
unchanged... . : . ... .,-
New York Grain and Produce.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregate $903,133
silver bars and coin and $1003 gold. . .
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The Imports of npede
this week were $40,139 gold, $91,834 silver and
$12,130,062 dry -goods and merchandise.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— As was the case dur
ing the past week dullness prevailed -In local
metal circles again to-day. % The absence of
information from abroad and the fact that the
strike has not been settled had a depressing
effect upon business. Trading during the short
session was along conservative llnea and va4ues
were nominally unchanged. Tin was dull at
$26 75; ?ead, dull, $4 37%; spelter, dull, $3 90®
3 95; copper,- nominal, at $16 50@17 for Lake
Superior and $16 37%@16 62% for casting and
electrolytic. Iron markets ruled inactive. Pig
Iron warrants, $9©10. -
New York Metal Market.
Riverside — Threatening thunder storm; good
crop weather.
Pan Josp— Fog early morning; prunes will
ripen rapidly next week.
Ventura— Foggy near 1 ,}' all day.
HolUster— Hay balers busy and not enough
to bale the h^y crop.
Palermo— Muir peaches nearly dried.
N?pa — Clear morning; no change in crops.
Ha nford— Pears and peaches being canned;
crops doinrr v.-ell.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
1VEATHER AND CHOP CONDITIONS.
Note— T. indicates inappreciable rainfall. The
"state of weather" is that prevailing at time
of cbs^rva'Ion.
Condition of-tliei Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows:'Avail
able cash balances, $175,996,872. Gold, $103,589,
120. : • ,
•APPLES— 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 30<?i6Oe for ordinary. , • . • .• ,
CRABAPPLES-r40c@$l 25 per. box, according
to package. ¦ • ¦
j PLUMS— 3O@G0c per box; Prunes, E0@75c per
crate; Green Gages, $17 60@20 per ton; Egg
Plums/ $20.
PEACHES— 25@65c per box and 20@30o per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $35@45
for Clings; Peaches In carriers. B0@75c, accord
ing to size of carrier. • • ¦ ¦ -
NECTARINES— White, . 50o, per box; Red,
PEARS— Bartletts. 75c@$l 25 per box for No.
1. 25@50c for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton; other
Pears, 25@35c per box. . " ._ ¦"
STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.- ; »V ' r
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest,' $5@6.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 ' per chest. ...
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per lb.
FIGS— Black, EOo per box for small and $1 for
large boxes; White, 40@75c. ; ¦
' MELONS— Nutmegs, | 25@60c per box; - Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons. $5@23
per 100. • -¦ •¦ * - * . "¦.'"- -
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 60@
83c per box and crate; Tokay, 65c@$l per crate;
Muscat. 60c@$l; Seedless,. 70c@Sl; Black, 6Qc@}l;
Isabella, 85c. "Q ' ' * " * ¦ - > -
CITRUS' FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50®4; Lemona,
Slit 2 25 for common - and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice;. Grape Fruit. •/ 60c@$l 50; Mexicah
Limes, '$7 50@8; Bananas, 75c®$2.- per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
There la no change worthy of note In citrus
fruits. Stocks' of all. kinds abaout balance the
demand. , . \ ¦¦ ¦ '¦¦:¦- •
Supplies of Apples, Pears, Peaches and Plums
run along about the same and quotations fluc
tuate.but little. Supplies of Huckleberries have
largely • increased of late.
Good ripe' Grapes continue to bring excellent
prices, and receipts are not large. Berries show
little change from day to day."
There were 12 or 15 cars of Watermelons ly
ing around yesterday,- but the market was
steady and prices showed little change. Can
taloupes and Nutmegs also "stood about the
same. ' • •
Deciduous and Citrtis Fruits.
' Gas and Electric and Hutchlnson were the
active stocks yesterday. (The former was lower
at $39 25@38 87%, and the latter hlgRer at $13 75
@13 87%. The other stocks were dull.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 24,735 shares, valued at $20,250 the
principal sales being as follows: Bear Flag
1700 shares; California Standard, 2100; Junction.
8600; Monarch, 1990; Peerless. 1250; Petroleum
Center 1200; Toltee, - 1000; . West Lake. . 2000.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 40c per share, payable on the 26th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. 17— li "in.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ¦ . bj,j Ag w
4s quar coup.. 113 113% 4s qr cp (new). 137 138
4s quar reg....U3 113% 3s quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO6% — Oceanic SS Bs.l02%102«
Cal-st 63 117% — Omnibus C 6s.l3i —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 10O
EdL&P 6s.l2S%133>i Pk A Cl H 6s.lO8 112V;
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117% — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 •
H C & S 6%s.lO6tt — Sac E G R 6s. 95 —
Do 6s — — S F & SJV 5s.l21% —
Los Ang R 5s.U6 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — HO
L A Light 6S.101V4 — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. 100 — (1909) 112« —
do gntd 5s. .102% — (M10) m£ll3«
L A & Pac 5s. 101 103 S P of A 6s
Do 1 c m Es. — — (1303). Ser A. 109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27% — (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 6s. — 124% (19C6) 112 ms*
Nev C N G 73.105 114 (1912) .;..^.. 12H4 _
N R of Cal 6s.lll',4 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ...... ..U9V4 — c gntd 6s.... 107 —
Nor Paci C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cal «s.13« _
Do 5s 106 — S V Water 6s.ll4t; _
Nor Cal R 5s. 110. 113. Do 4s ...10234102TC
Oak Gas 6s 113 — Do 4s 3d mtglOlii —
Do Trans 6s.ll9%120 Stktn Gas 6s.. — i-
Do Water 5s. — —
WATER 8TOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 76% (Spring Valley. 84 —
Marin County. 50 — I •
. ' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent h & P...-* 6 Pac Light — ._
Equitable 5 5% Saeramertlo ... — __
Mutual 5% — S F G & E... 38« a
Oakland ...... 5Ui — San Francisco." 4U 414
Pac Gas Imp.. 37% 39 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
• INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 .1
: . - • BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 81 L P & A 155 i»
California .... — 408 Mer Ex (liq).. is _.
Cal Safe Dep..lOS — S F National. 128U — "
First Nat 305 — .
'. . SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S70 1900 Sav & Loan... — _
Humboldt ...:. — — . Security ; 275 - — '
Mutual Sav.... 53 — Union Trust.. 1600 '* — -
San Francisco.520 — . ,
STREET RAILROADS.
.California .,..130 134 . . O S L & H...~. 40 _
Geary .........— 50 " Presidio .......-- 40 .
Market :....:. 73 . 79 I ..•
POWDER.
Giant .......... 75 76%/ Vlgorlt ..;....". — 314
... : .. SUGAR. ' - », '
Hana .......... — . .6% Kllauea ....;..* 12% 12%
Hawaiian .....— Bl Makaarell. 27 29
Honokaa '.*..'... 14% — Onomea .....V. 24% — -..
Hutchlnson ... 13% 14 '- Paauhau ¦ .;...% U% —.
¦ ¦¦',-' MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack.. — 130 Oceanic S Co.. 45% 47 "
Cal Fruit Can. 95 ; 97% Pao Aux P.A.'.J ¦.— *
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 4 Pac C Borax.. 165 — • i
Mer EX........U0 — - Par Paint.,... 19 — '
tiser's London financial cablegram:
The stock market to-day was stagnant and
the floor of the Stock Exchan#e was half
deserted. There was an early attempt to
harden American stocks, but force was lack
ing. As a result the early ¦¦ firmness was not
maintained and the close was heavy.
Call money rates stiffened somewhat.
Anaconda. 9%; Atchlson, 76%; Canadian Pa
cific, 113%; D. & R. G., 43%: do. preferred. 94;
Northern Pacific, 101; Southern Pacific, 57%;
Union Pacific, preferred, .91^.
Bar Silver-Steady;. '26 15-16d.
Money— 1% per cent, --y> - ; .
Hops— Pacific Coast' dull, £4®£4 IBb. '
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Commercial Adver-
London Market.
A few ranch Eggs are selling at 25c, but as
a rule they have to Be delivered at this quo
tation. There are plenty -here, especially as
the liberal supplies on cold storage are being
drawn on. The same may be Bald of Butter,
which is quiet. Cheese is the firmest article
under this head, stocks being light 1 and the
demand rood.
Receipts were 43.900 pounds of Butter. 754
cases of Eggs, 6600 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@24c per lb for fancy
and <0<321o for seconds; dairy, 16@20c; store
Butter. 12t4@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 10@llc; old. nominal: Young
Americas. ll@ll%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15o.
EGGS— Ranch. 21@24c for good to fancy;
store, 15@19o per dozen; ISastern, lS@20c.
Butter, Cheese •_ and Eggs.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 159 head; market steady; natives, $3 10@
3 95; cows and heifers, $1 25@4 90; bulls and
stags, $2@4 75; stockers and feeders. $2®4;
veals. $2 25@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, • 4900 head; market strong to
5c- higher; light and light mixed, $5 80@« 15;
medium and heavy, $5 95@6 22%; pigs, $3@5 15;
bulk. $5 90@6 15. ."
SHEEP-Receipts. none. .
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000, including 300 Texans; market nominally
steady; good to prime steers, $5 40@6 40; poor
to medium, *j $3 75@5 25; stockers and feeders,
$2 1Q@1 25; cows, $2 60@4.35: heifers, $2 50@5 25;
canners, $1 40ffl2 60; bulls, $2 25@4 45; calves,
13 25@5 75; . Texas steers, $3 40@5; Western
steers, $4@5.
HOGS^-Recelpts to-day. 14,000; Monday, 33.
000; left over. 4000 head; market opened strong;
closed easier; top, $6 20; mixed .and butchers,
55 50@6 17V4; good to choice heavy, $5 65@8 20;
rough heavy, $5 50®5 60; light, $5 50@6;.bulk of
sales, to 75<a<; 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500; market for sheep and
lambs steady; good to choice .wethers, $3 40@
4; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 50; Western sheep,
$3 25ijM; yearlings, $3 40@4 25; native lambs,
$3@5 40; Western lambs. J4@5 25.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Markets.
FOB SATURDAY, AUGUST 17.
Flour, qr sks .... 27,419 Hides, No ¦ S09
Wheat, ctls ...... 1.370 Wool, bales .151)
Barley, ctls 2,225 Straw, tons \ 3
Oats, ctls 3,330 Hay, tons ....... '443
Tallow, ctls 259 Bran, sks 1439
Wine, gals' 6,050 Middlings, ska ... 90
Quicksilver, flsks 14 Onions, sks .....' 1T7
Leather, rolls .. 35 Potatoes, eks ... ' 4,531
Pelts, bells . 116 Beans, sks - ISO
Receipts of Produce.
KOth meridian time, Kan Francisco, August
17. 1JC1:
FRUIT AND "WHEAT BULLETIN
Th^- following maximum and minimum tem-
T"^raturpR were rfportwi- from EaFt«>rn Fta
tions: Boston. 84-M: Cincinnati. S2-74: New-
York. **-74: Kansas City, <>0-66: Fhlladolphla,
£S-74; .TarkFonvillo, SS-72; Washington, 88-74.
Prii Francifi-o an-1 vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Bandar. poMibljr ISjrht showers in
th«« morr.:ns: li?nt southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy. un**ttl«?d weath
er Eun&y with showers In the interior; light
eoulhiv^rt Winds.
Nf'-a<ia— Showers Sunday; light southerly
¦»in«lp.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Conditions continue unsettled over the great
er part of California. Arizona and Nevada.
Thunderstorms are reported at Flagstaff. Yuma
end Carsoa City. Conditions are such that
thuncprstorms are likely to occur Sundsy
moraine ovtr a larao.part of the Pacific South
west. The temperature has remainH nearly
6t3tiorary in California, but has fatlen rap
idly ovt-r Northern Nevada and Eastern Ore-
Forecast raade et San Fmaelseo for thirty
liour*. endire midnight. August 18. J901:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
or Sunday: probably light showers; light eouth
wp«t winds.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25: Hare $1(3
1 60; Rabbits, $1 25<@1 50 for Cottontail and Sl@
1 25 for Brush. -.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8®9c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair $1®1 25-
Goslings. $1 K%@1 37%; Ducks, $2 60@3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 5004: young
Roosters, $5®6; old >Roosters, $3 50@4; , Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $3@8 60 for -large and $2
@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and (1 25® 1 60 for Squabs.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry- are expected
Monday. Receipts yesterday were insignifi
cant. ¦¦ ¦
Poidtry and Game.
- LONDON, Aug. A7.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Tl ¦
'Prunes— Silver,, single crates, $1 44@1 92; Gros,
single crates, $1 92@2 64. Plums— Yellow Egg,
single crates, $1 08@l 20. . Pears— Bartletts,
two-fifths boxes, $1 20^1 36; Hardy, two-fifths
; boxes, $1 20@l 32. Peaches— Golden Cling,
boxes, average 74c; Twin Sisters, boxes, aver
age. $1 44. Nectarines— Single crates, average
96e.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pan> sold California fruit to-day:
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $2 2O@3 25, average
$2 68. -Grapes — Malaga, single crates, 75c@$l 65,
average $1 38. Prunes-rGros, single crates,
$12G@'l 65, average $145; Silver, single crates,
80c@$l 15, average 99c Plums— Satsuma, sin
gle crates, average 74c.
"Weather favorable. . r, s
; CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
.pany sold California fruit to-day:.
Pears— Bartletts, I boxes, $1 85<@2 70, average
$2 48. Grapes— Malaga, single crates, $1 60@
2 15. average $1 93: dusters, single crates, $2 40
@2 80, average ¦ $2 49. Prunes— Gros, single
crates, $1 lligl 40, average $1 25.
Weather muggy.- .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%@2c: String
Beans, lij^fcc; Limns, 2@3c; Cabbage. 35@40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the River, in large
boxes, 50@75c; Dried Peppers, 10@12>£c; Green
Okra, 40@75c per box; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers. Bay, 20@30c; Pickles, U4@l%c per
lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers, 25@35c per box for Chile and 25
?T50e for Bell; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box; Green
Corn, 25®85c per sack; Alameda,' 75c@$l 25 per
crate; Berkeley. 50(S65c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 20(g"30c; New Marrowfat Squash,. $15ig20
per ton. . . . .
POTATOES— $1 15@1 30 In sacks and $1 10@l 60
in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and ' ; for Early Rose: Salinas Burbanks.
$1 25@1 60; Sweets, lU@2%c per lb for new and
75c per sack for old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 85c@$l per ctl; Fickle On
ions. 50@75c per ctl.
Tomatoes are lower again. Otherwise Vege
tables are about the same.
Dealers say that nothing like the present
demand for Potatoes for the "West and South
has ever been seen here before. It is Impos
sible to fill ' all the orders. Prices continue
firm In consequence. Onions are also firm and
in demand for the same sections.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
THE COAST RECORD
-j$ ; ¦ j;
LIVERPOOL.
• "Wheat — Sept. ' Dec.
Opening 5 8% 6 104
Closing 5 8% ,6 10ft
PARIS. ¦ .
Wheat — ¦ . '. Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening-. '.... .'Holiday
Closing .'
Flour— \ .'¦¦¦/
Opening '. ; ,-.. V •'
Closing ....'..
-A. P. Hotaltngr & Co. (a corporation) to Hen
ry E. Bothln, lot on NE corner of Vallejo and
Polk streets. N 157, E 91:7%. S 157, W 92:6%;
$10.
Al and Minnie Hayman to same, lot on SK
corner of Bay and Flllmore streets, S 137:6 by
E. 137:6; $10.
Charles A. Davis to Mary M. Davis, lot on
N line of Clay street, 113:6 W of Spruce, W 25
by N.100; $10.
Robert F. and Ida M. Rogers to Gustav Har
ris, lot on S line of Point Loboa avenue..- «1:3
E of First avenue. E 29:2 by S 100; $10. .
.William Crane Spencer to Francis and Julia
O'Kane, lot on E line of Folsom street. 35 X
of Twenty-flrst. N 75 by E 95: $10.
Henry C. and Sarah J. Bunker to George O.
and Georglana B. Sedgley, lot on S line of Hill
street, 170 E of Guerrero, E 35 by S 114; $10.
American Surety Company of New York to •
William and Jennie Helblng, lot on W line of
Folsom -street, 110 S of Twenty-third. S 30 by
W 122:6; also lot on E line of Treat avenue, 80
S of Twenty-third. S 24 by E 100; $10. * . ,
- William and Jennie Helbing to Elizabeth
Michel (wife of Frederick), lot on E Una of
Treat avenue, 80 S of Twenty-third street. 3
24 by E 100; $10.
Dorothea M. Klumpke to John W. King, lot
on SW corner of San Jose avenue and Twenty
second Btreet. "W 29. S 114. E 13:2^. N 114:10;.:
$2200. . , r> •" -^^.
B. P. E.. Troy to George G. and Mlnnl«
Brown, lot* on E line of Homestead street, 135*
S of Twenty-fourth, S 25- by E 1J5; «0.
John Barry (by Jonathan Hunt, Tax Collec
tor) to Robert Barry. lot on E line of Leaven
worth street, 137:8 S of Filbert, S 23 by B
.70: $3." - •:_ ' ¦ ¦ -•' .
. John Barry to same, lot on E lln© of Leav
en worth street. H2:« N of. Union, N 25 by B
70: $io. ' - ' *-.
Charles A.»and Mary H. Malm to Henry E. '.
Bothln. lot on SB line of Natoma street. MS NB -
of Second. NB 80. SE 80, SW 60. NW 15. SW 20.
,NW 65; $10. -
' Martin E. Maher. (administrator estate of
Mary " B. ' Maher, by H. P. Umbsen, comarls
's loner) to Edward J. Le Breton, lot on WE Hn*
of Seventh street, 130 NW of Brannan. NW S7:9
by'.NE 80; $806. ¦ ¦ I , , . .^ :¦ "
Carrie M. and William J. Landers tew. V.
Huntlngton, lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
225 N of D street. S 60 by W 120: HO. -1
Frederic GarnJer to Banca Svlzzera Ameri
cana, lot on N Un« of Bosworth street, Wl:2 "W
of Rousseau. W 25. N 108. NE 25:2%. 3 11L «ub- :
division 9, lota 31 and 32. Islals and Salinas
Tract; also lot on W line of Alabama street.
104 S of Twenty-third. S 26 byftW 100: $10.
Cosmos Loan Association to George R. and
Louise M. Ounn, lot on E line of California
avenue. 175 S of Esmeralda avenue, S 5 by B
70, quitclaim deed: also lot 171. Gift Map 3; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to F, E. and
Minnie Marine, lot 31, block 3, subdivision 1.
Castro-street Addition; $10.
Anrusta Bjorkman to Martha BJorkman, lot I
on W corner el Eighth avenue and H street.
NW 150 by SW 100. block 161. South Ban Fran-'
Cisco Homestead and Railroad Association: also
lot on NE line of Twentieth avenue. 75 NW of
Eighth avenue. NW 75 by NE 100, block 390.
same; gift. - f-
Claus. Waller to William C. and Minnie B.
Fir her, lot on 8 line of Sadowa street. 300 B
of Plymouth avenue, E 104:8^4, SW 155:3%, N
114:8. block E. Railroad Homestead: $10.
Thomas. Frederic E.. Walter, William A. and
Thomas Magee Jr. (two last as trustees) to
Carl M. Bert els* n, lot on S line of Richland
avenue, 375 "W of Mission street. W 35 by S
100, block E, French and Gilman Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Martha L. and J. C. Caldwell to Mary A.
Miller, lot on N line of Sixteenth street. 165
W of West. "W 25 by N 103:3. "W half of lot
18. block C. map Mock 297. said block C belnjc
Identical with Boardman's map block 275. Oak
land; $10.
Charles A. and Julia Clark to Herman
Brown, lot on NW corner of Pine and Seward
street, N 33 by W 95. portion lots 21 and 22.
plat and subdivided block 402. Oakland Point;
$10. •
J. J. Williams to F. AngeH, lot 15, block
2097, A Men Tract, at Temescal. Oakland; $5.
.Toserh J. Williams to same, lot 17, block
2097, same. Oakland: S3.
Lucy P. Stewart (widow) to M. Rtnehart,
all Interest tn K half of lot 20, block P. Cen
tral Land Comrany, Oakland: $10.
Edward D. Flint (as trustee. and Individu
ally). Lemlre S. Flint (wife). Edward P. Flint
(widower). Alice M. Flint (widow). George M.
and Lotta Flint. Helen P. and R'.c-hard ' M.
Lyman and- Emma B. and George T. Trtfw
bridee to Elwena M. Phelpa (wife of T. J.).
¦ all Interest In lot on SW corner of Perry and ,
Oranee streets. NW 130 by SW 140. portion
block. K. Flint Tract, portion Oakland Heights.
Oakland: $10. „.
• San Francisco Savings Union to J. 8. Myers,
lot 9, block A, Bella Vista Park. East Oak
land; $10.
E. R. and Myrtle B. Sill to Sarah J. Bar
relit (wife of Oscar), lot on SE line of Twelfth
avenue, 150 NE of East Twelfth street. NE
140 by 8E 100. DOrtion block 40. Clinton, East
Oakland; ctft.
Judson and Catherine "Wheeler to A. S. and
Fannie V. • Kakle, lot 20. In block 3. Wheeler
Tract, Berkeley; $900.
Brooklyn Investment and Loan Association
to James E. and Annie E. White, lot on NW
. line of Tevls street. 30 NX of Putnam. SW
30 by NW 100, block 770. Levy Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $1250.
Henry and . Minnie C. Reichhold to John F.
Kesslng, ; lot on S line of Thirty-fourth (or
Brown) street, ' 130 W of Telegraph avenue,
Oakland; $10. . .
Philippine Pichon (widow) to Charles and
Ambrosina Scheggia, lot oh NE corner of
Eighth and Union streets, N 87:11 by E &C,
Oakland; $10. ¦ ' . - -
Charles and Emma C. Rtesenweber to Fred
erick and Caroline Rlesenweber. lot bn SE line
of Second avenue. 113.37 NE of Summer street.
NE 125 by SE 22150, lots 1 to 5,' Glascock and
Blow Temescal Tract, Oakland; $10.
* John F. and Marie G. Kessing to Henry
Relchold. ; beginning at . the intersection • of a
line of street 60 -feet wide with.W line of
Brush street. S 30 by W 100. center ' line of
said street being the N line of tract described
In "H deeds 640" and next street to N line
of Twenty-second street, subject to a mortgage
for $1400. Oakland; $10. -
Albert Brown and E. A. Heron (trustees oC
Standard Building and Loan Association) ' «t
John G. Hoyt, lot 3. block D, Map OaklatS
Heights. Oakland; $1. . . ?
BEATi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.40c; Pow
dered. 6.25c; Candy Granulated, 6.23c: Dry
Granulated, 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated, 5.15c: Beet Granulated, 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra. C, 4.65c; Golden C, 4.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25o more; boxes,
60c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent,
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5.65c; boxes, 6.90c per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No 1
70c; pure. $1 22; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled!
84c; raw, 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, 'extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut. 55®72c per gallon; pure Neatstoot Oil, bar
rels, 67%c:. cases, 72^4c:. Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon -
Fish Oil, in barrels, S7Hc; cases. 42&c.
• COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In. bulk."
13a; Pearl OH," In cases, 19c; Astral, 19c: Star
19c; Extra* Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c'
deodcti7ed »»tove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk,, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 16c.
TURPENTINE— 58c Der eallon-ln cases and
E2c in drums or Iron iarrels. . . ..
SUGAR— The Westefh Sugar Refining; Com-
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags: " .
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1. $4 70@4 90
extra, -$5 10@5 50; Japanese, $4 75®5 30; Louisi
ana. $4®6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
. COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington; $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative "Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 73 tn
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%3!8c:
local make..%c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. &%Q
6c for cotton and 8^£@S%c for Jute. . .-
General Merchandise.
nroth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. 17— S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures ¦were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. :S; Red Bluff. ICO: Sacramento, SS; j
Mount Tamalpais. SO; Fresno. 102; San Luis I
Obtepa. SI; Independence. 88; Los Angeles, 78; !
fan Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, i
f": minimum, 51; mean, 58. ¦ I
Weather Report.
Large "White Beans are higher and dealers
report them well cleaned out of first hands.
Bayos are also a shade firmer. Pinks are
quieter. Otherwise there is nothing new; ¦
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60@2 75; Small White. $4 85
@5; Large White, $4@4 25; Pink. $2 30@2 50;
Red, $3@3 ~,Z; Blackeye. 13 60; Limas, $6 40®6 50;
Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 75@3; Canary. 3Vi©
3V4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%@
2V4 : Hemp. 3>.4c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. «»£c:
over 200 lbs, Cc; feeders. — —; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
LAMB — S@9c per pound.
All descriptions remain as before quoted;'
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows: ' ¦- ¦ .'
BEEF— 6®$%c for Steers and B@5%c per lb for
cowa. _ .
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8® 9c per 1b. 1 . .
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound. •
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mornlngr Session.
Board—
200 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 13 87%
50 Kllauea S P Co U 87 v»
5 Market Street Railway 78 50
100 Pacific Gas Imp „ .38 00
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 39 00
230 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 87%
$20C0 Sprirs Valley 4s (2d mtge) 102 75
Street—
60 Oaomea Sugar Co 24 17%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Bear Flag 07
105 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 25
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 37%
500 Toltee SO
MINING STOCKS.
. Following were the sales in the Baa Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Con Cal & Va..l 851 300 Yellow Jacket. 89
500 Justice 05|
Following were the salea In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: ; --K
. ' Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher 12 200 Silver Hill 33
400 Con Cal & Va..l 85 100 Standard ......8 35
_ 200 Ophir 79 300 YeUow Jacket. 30
400 Sierra Nevada. . 13 ~
• ¦ CLOSING QUOTATIONS. V : A*:
SATURDAY. Aur. 17—12 m.
Eld. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Justice 05 OS
Alta 03 05 Kentuck „. 02 04-
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 65 OR Mexican 13 1*
Best & Belcher 12 13 Occidental 02 03
Bullion ...'. 01 03 Ophir 78 79
Caledonia 27 30 Overman 09 . 10
Challenge Con.. 31 33 Potosl .......... 03 09
Chollar 04 05 Savage ,O5 07
Confidence 1 20 1 30 Scorpion — " 04> '
Con Cal & Va..l 85 1 90 Seg Belcher.... 01 oa
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 12 . i3
,Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill...... 32 34
Crown Point... 07 OS St Louis ©« —
Eureka Con.... 12 — Standard ......3 20 3 25
Exchequer — <J? Syndicate 87 —
Gould & Curry* 12 14 Union Con 12 13
Hale & Norcra. 27 28!Utah 05 07
Julia — 021 Yellow Jacket. 30 31
- Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
winter patents, $3 40@3 50; stralgrhte. $3 20®
3 30; clears. $2 70@3 10; spring specials, $4 2048
4 30; patents, S3 40@3 70; straJghts, ¦ $3 20@3 80;
bakers', $2 20(g2 65;- No. 3 spring wheat. 69%@
71%c; No. 2 yellow. 60c; No. 2 oats. 36%@37c;
No. 2.' white, 38%@39c; No. 3 white, 3S%<g39^4c-
No. 2 rye, 58%@59%c; fair to choice malting
barley. 59@63%c; No. 1 naxseed, $1 62; No. 1
Northwestern, $164; prime timothy seed, $5 25;
mess, pork, per barrel, $14 10@15 50; lard, per
1C0 pevnds, $8 80@8 82%; short-rib sides (loose).
$3©8 20 J dry Baited shoulders (boxed), $7 25{J
7 50; sh.'>rt clear sides (boxed), $8 50@S 60";
whisky. ha3is of high wines, $1 23; clover, con
tract gracte, $10@10 25.
. Articles— , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21,000 19 000
Wheat, bushels ...288,000 R3.000
Corn, bushels .191,000 95,000
Oats, bushels 428, COO ; 300 000
Rye. bushels 4,000 .
Barley, bushels '... 16,000 2.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, 14V2@20%c; dairy,
13«17 1 /ic. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 14@14%c. . . -.
There were 36 cars ; of Hay on the tracks.
The market was unchanged. Bran and Mid
dlings continued firm at the advance already
noted. ' •
BRAN— $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, J32O
M; Cracked Corn, $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed. $11
HAY — Wheat, »7@9 50; ; choice. $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat, $S 50@9; Oat, $6(gS 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. J8 50@10 50; Cover, 50
@7; Volunteer. $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,240 barrels; exports, 13,335 barrels; dull and
about steady; winter patents, $3 60@3 90; winter
straights, $3 35@3 50; winter extras, $2 50@2 80;
winter low 'grades, $2 30@2 40; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 85@4 15; Minnesota .bakers, $2 85@3 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 134,350 bushels; ' exports,
65.351 bushels; spot was dull; No. 2 red, 78%c
f. o. b. afioat; No. 2 red. 77%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 80%c f. .o.. b. afioat; No.'l
hard Duluth, 88%c f . ; o. b. afloat: Options
opened firm on cable3 and heavy foreign buy
ing, eased off under " gossip about larger re
ceipts west, but rallied again with corn. 'The
market finally eased off under realizing and
closed dull at %@%c net decline. September,
77@77%c, closed at 77%c; October. 77%@77%c.
closed at 77Uc; December, 78 13-16@79%c, closed
at 79%c. ¦¦¦-' • - •¦¦'"¦-i* ¦.
- HOPS— Steady; State, common to'choice', 1900
crop, 13@17c; do, Pacific Coast, 1900 crop. 13®
17%n. ¦ , . •
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 lbs, 18Vc.
¦WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece. 26@27c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c 
mild, dull; Cordova, 8@ll%c.- .Futures closed
dull with prices net unchanged to 6 points
higher. Total sales, 6000 bags, Including Sep
tember, ' $4 85; December, \J5 10; "May, $5 4,7-
June. J5 50; July, J5 60.
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, 3 7-i6c;
centrifugal, S6 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3 3-16c;
refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.75c; No. 7, 4.65c; No. 8,
4.55c: No. 9, 4.50c; No. 10, 4.45c; No. 11,. 4 40c-
No. 12, 4.40c; No. 13, 4.30c; No. 14. 4.30c; stand
ard A, 6. 15c; confectioners' A, 5.15c; mold A,
5.70c; cut loaf, 5.85c; .crushed,- 5.85c; powdered'
B.45c; granulated, 5.35c; cubes, 5.60c. . '¦
BUTTER-^-Recelpta, . 2421. packages; steady;
State dairy, 14@18c; creameries,' 16@20%c;- June
packed factory. 14%@15%c; Imitation creamery:
14@17%c. ' • ' • --V ¦¦ ¦-.-'• ¦'¦
EGGS— Receipts, 5185 packages;'strong;'West
ern candled, 14@17c; Western uncandled, 12@16c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples, quiet" and : unchanged;
scarcely any inquiry. Demand bills were '
marked down to $4 S6\, but long sterling was
well held. . • ' •
Early in the week consideration of the favor
able underlying conditions gradually eupplanted
the earlierdominant influence of the Government
crop report and steel strike, causing a higher and
broader market. These consisted of the large
volume of the general trade, excellent railroad
earnings, London buying and increased public
interest in the market. Monday's .market,
uhsn the crop report and the strike figured
to their largest extent, showed that these con
ditions were being rapidly discounted. The low
prices of the week were then recorded an-J the
I subsequent recovery, though irregular, car
, ned active stocks from 3 to 5 points . higher.
I Grain-carrying: roads, especially those tapping
Uie corn belt, were expected to be targets for
bear attacks when the week opened. But the
majority losses that followed aroused a be
, lief that the worst was over and the heavy
I demand for the short account that developed
| later colored this view. The failure of the
i general observance of the strike order and the
! euccessful operation of various plants caused
'predictions of Rti enrly collapse of the fcteel
! strike. The United States Eteel stocks were
I considerably etrengthened by thess assertions
and gradually reached a level three points
above last week. This improvement was
maintained until the late announcement was
made that the Joliet mills had shut down,
i This incident, combined with a general dis-
I position to take profits on the week's large
! advances, save a chili to the market in the
closing day?. Preceding this the waning effect
of the crop report and labor situation caused
a more cheerful tone, although the -speculation
retained much of its recent professional char
acter. Bear operators took frequent advan
tage of the rising prices to put out chert lines,
but as their efforts dislodged but little long
stock, they covered quickly and awaited a
more opportune time. These attacks became
less energetic after the early days and the
later extensive demand that arose was credited
to their evenln^-up. Commission houses re
ported an increase in outside orders, which,
though not large, indicated that public in
terest has been reawakened by the betterment
of conditions and advance in prices. London
was a heavy buyer throughout, the improved
I financial and political conditions abroad caus
ing a revived interest in American rails. I.ast
| month's severe decline in prices was generally
I attributed to an' important Western bear party,
and the substantial advances in the Grangers
and Pacific stocks is largely credited to cover-
I Ing by this interest.
Gt. Paul was the leading feature of the week,
1 talk of a possibility of an increase in the divi
dend causing active dealings and a rise of
10 points. Xothing definite developed to sup
port this rumor. Its influence on the mar
ket was very strengthening and the preferred
stock also made a large rise. General move
ments were not eo pronounced, but there were
large transactions in stocks which have not
recently been prominent, especially the ! trunk
lines, coalers and high-priced specialties.
Sugar, however, was hammered vigorously
early on the illness of the president of the
company and unfavorable trade conditions.
> The loss was more than maJeup later, but it
was very feverish. Money rates showed a dis
tinct hardening at the close and call and time
rates stiffened. Sterling exchange rates de
clined sharply, demand bills yielding to be
low $.4 87 on the London buying of stocks.
This setback effectually disposed of any fur
ther talk cf gold exports this season.' The re
corded exnorts of wheat this month, combined
with our balance thus far this year of $323.
000.C00 en international trade, makes the rut
look for large gold imports this winter very
reaFiTiring:.
Railroad bonds showed less improvement dur
ing the week than stocks, but there was more
general purchases of high-grade issues. : • .
United Ftates bonds were unchanged on the
call price of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Steel— Sales llljh Low Close
AtcMson 10,200 74% 73% 73%
Atchison pfd 1,300- 95% 94% 94%
rsaltimore & Ohio 100 67 9< 96**
Baltimore & Ohio pfd wji
Canadian Pacific ....... 2,000 llOV* 110 HOH
Cant-da Southern 600 70 70 69H
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.300 46% 4SU 4S\i
Chcago & Alton »3nO 37% 37»i 37
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 77J4 77V4 76£
Ohgo, Ind & Louis 5W 3i»,i 37 36%
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. 100 70% 70U 70
Chicago & Great West.. 200 22 21% 21%.
Chgo & G W A pfd *2>4
Cheo & G W B pfd.....; <«%
Chgo & Northwestern... 200 194\i 133^ 193
Chgo. P. I & Pacific 1,200 140% 14<Hi 140U
Chgo Terminal & Trans 1?
Chgo Term & Trans pfd 38
C C C & St Louis • 89
Colorado Southern 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd '. »3J4
Colo Southern 2d pfd °°H
Delaware & Hudson 200 161*i 161Vi 1«1%
Del. Lack & Western 225
Denver & Rio Grande \\\k
Denver & B G pfd 800 92 91% B»4
Kri- 6.600 384 37-* 37%
Krie is; pfd 400 66 65% 65H
Erie 2d pfd 3f"0 51% 51 50>4
Great Northern pfd 300 1R1 1S1 181
Hocking Valley "... 600 &t% 52 50
Hocking Valley pfd <»%
Illinois Central WO 144ft 144% 144
Iowa Central 100 40 40 39J£
Iov.a Central pfd 100 '\-k 74* 74%
Lake Erie & Western 63
Lake Erie*& West pfd 123
L'.uirville & Nashville.. 2,300 102% 102% 102^
Manhattan Elevated ... 2,500 117V4 116U 11»H
Metropolitan St Ry 1W 16« J«§ If*
Mexican Central 500 25% 2 ? J«
Mexican National 900 11 11 10%
Minn & St Louis 108
Miseoorl Pacific 900 10114 1C0V4 100%
Mo. Kans & Texas 26'*
Mo. Kans & Tex pfd ». •••• f>3%
New Jersey Central .~ .-••' •••• lj>|
New Vork Central G00 154 Io3^ l»3Vi
Norfolk ft Western 8,200 64% 54 o4
Norfolk & Western pfd ..-. ¦¦¦• R8
Ontario & Western 2,500 33% 33% 33%
P C C & Ft Louis '0
Pennsylvania 1.900 145% 1<4£ M«4
Reading 1.40O 42 41% 41%
Hearting I.'t pfd 1,100 77% 77% 77%
Reading 2d rfd 800 52% 52 P2%
St Louis & San Fran «%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd ..... <» ¦ .
St Louis &SFM pfd.. 100 68 . 68 67%
St Ix)Uis Southwestern 28%
ct T^nis Southwstn pfd .... 61%
St! Paul .:...?.......-.. 12.100 163% 162% 162%
p*. Paul pfd • • •••• 187 .
Southern Pacific 6.500 K% 65^4 f.5%
Southern Railway 7.400 31.i 30% 30%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2C0 &»% 85% 8a%
Texas & Pacific < *\
ToWlo. St L & West... 19J|
ToWo St L & W pfd.. 32%
fnlon Pacific 10.600 97% 96% 96%
Union Pacific r" *» '»» K9% 89%
Wabash ••• 70 ° 21^i 21 -*°%
Wr.baih pfd .- 800 39% 3S% 88*
Wheeling & L«E .... 18%
Wheeling & L E pfd.... 400 32% 31% 31%
Express Companies— '
Adams \fi
American "J
United States »<
Wells Fargo ••-• Iw
AmilgamTt^^PPer .. 8,800 IIS 1«H 113%
Amer Car k Found...... 400 29% 29 29%
Amer Car & Found pfd. 300 85% 83% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil 22
Amer Llnwed Oil pfd... ..... .... .... 81%
Amer Smelt & Ref 1.000 52% 52 52
Amer Fmelt & Ref pfd "••• •-.. ' 101 -
Amir Tobacco 600 136% 136V 4 135%
Anaconda Mining Co 800 45% 44% 44%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 1.900 74% 73% 73%
Colo Fuel & Iron ." 9G%
Consolidated Gas BOO 222 221%' 221%
Continental Tobacco 200-68 68 67%
Continental Tobacco pfd W01" 117 4 117
Oener&l Electric ~.t 600 265 263 264
Olueose Pu*ar ¦ 400 B5% £5% 64%
Hockinj&Coal 1C0 22 22 \%-
International Paper.. •;•'••••• ;••• ;••• 21%
International Paper pfd .200 77 -6% 76
International Power .... 200 92% 92% 92%
Laclede Gas -'-- ' •••• - 85
National Biscuit r 300 43% 43% ; 43%
National LeadC ••• 20%
National Salt-.... . •• «
National Salt pfd .... .... <£/:
North American - 100 100 100 99
Pacific Coast .:.-..• ..... 64 t
Pacific Mail ............: ..'..¦.; ••••' ..-• • 39%
People's Gas..... 1.700 113 112% 112%
Pressed Steel Car .... 40%
Precsed Steel Car pfd .... 82%
Pullman Palace Car .207
Republic Steel ........... 3.3C0 21% 20U 20%
L'mtrI bank clearings during the week were
|2,S7a.O95. against $21, 573, 206 during the same
wrck last year.
Bank Clearings.
••Soedlesrs juiri** were flnr.er and whil«" pr»- ',
vious quotations of Cvi<f»ic in bulk and 7®7»ic
in < artons sU'.l stand, holders believe that there
FhottM he an advance and may name one short
ly. Other rai«ir.s arc tu>ld steadily up to quo
tation?, but business is lieht "
"There was a little more business through
out the list, with increased inquiry oa most
varieties. General conditions seem to indicate
tnlarsed. business in the near future. There
mx» inquiries reported for several car lots of
currants, with business of several important
;aree!s don;. Lau. cables report that the
vo-ithcr !,^s turr.c-.j favorable again and very
y.ti'.e d£m*se was done by the rains reported
last week. Three suamers will arrive in
Greece abojt August 2J to load, but they will !
r.ut leave lor ¦crcral weeks after arrival i
¦¦rrune* were very firra yesterday at quota
tions, hut there was littje doing in any eize
s-sies of ratcrea wore tmall if any at all were
D*4e. Previous "rices hold pood.
""There is more inquiry for new apricots and !
holders have advaac<>ii the price to S»c for
choice Royal^n bass, f. o.. fc. coast. It could i
net be lcarr.eTi.hat any inuxirtant business was !
f:ore > est< rdar. ; but th«x- wag more inquiry!
y-hich will lead u in-proved business, it is be- I
lieved. •*- *£'-¦,
Mail advices from New Tork say
Dried Fruit in Ate York.
MILLSTUFFS-fPrlces in sacks are 3 as fol
lows, usual' discount to the trade:. Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75;. Rye
Meal, $2 50:' Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do. $4;. Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat,. $3 50;- Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, J3 25;. Rolled Oats (barrels), $8 85@S 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual .terms; Bakers'. Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, ! $2 6O@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 f6r bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3..". ¦-;¦¦?; - . •:'
Flour and Millstuifs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^e under quotations. ! Heavy salted
Steers, lO^Jc; medium, 9#c; light. 9c;. Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; -Stags.
6V£c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c;' Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16V4c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands. »15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, j 15@30c each; short
Wool. 30@50c each: medium, • E0@7Sc; i long
Wool. 80c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt,' $2 50«
2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 50@
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Aides,
dry/ $1 75 for large. $1 25(91 50 for medium. $1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. ' Deerskins—Sum
mer or Ted skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, f 50c; medium,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%e per lb:
choice,'5c; No. 2. 3^4@4c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— HumboMt and
Mendoclno. 14@15i4c:' do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern,
free, 7 months. 7@10c; do. defective. 7 months,
7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do. medium
and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
<S)13c; do, fair to good, 9©llc; Nevada. 10@U%c
Fall— San Joaquln, 6&@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs*. 7%@9c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-Ib tins, lWc; 6-lb tins, ll?4c.
COTTOLENE- One half -barrel. 9Hc; three
half-barrels, 9',4c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%o per lb.
. CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c.for light, 14%o ror
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams, 13^c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mesa, $12; Family,
$12 50: prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, > $23;
Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
The market continues steady at previous
prices. - ' ' ¦
Provisions.
Silver sbwly advancing. Exchange umhunged.
Bank Clearings gain over last year, as usual.
IFhcat. Barky, Corn and Rye dull.
Oats z-ery firm and wanted for shipment.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay steady.
Extraordinary demand for Potatoes. Onions also wanted.
Vegetable market liberally supplied and weak.
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Tzco cars of Eastern Poultry expected to-morrozv.
Nothing ;iftc in Fresh Fruit.
State Prune crop estimated at 55,000,000 pounds.
Provisions steady and featureless.
Meat market as before quoted.
Light sales ou the stock exchanges.
Dried Fruit continues to advance. /
Republic Steel pfd....... 900 76% 75%'' 754
l^ar . 3,300 132% 132 132^
tnion Bag & Paper Co .. 15
Union Bag & P Co pfd 72
H I f* 8 "?""! 1.300 13% lZ\i W/h
U 0 Rubber • ' iclJ
ysR^berprd.. .......; ;;;;; ;;;; ¦;;;;- $?*•
t S J |J=teel t. 15.200 43^4 42% 42*i
usstejipfd 9200 92Vi 91V4 91?i
western Union 100 93 92% ' 92Vi
Shares sold 142,500
CLOSING BONDS.,
Ij S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 101%
. re E ••• 107)4 N J Cent gen 5s..l2D%
do COU P 307^ North Pac 3s...:... 72
do 3s reg . iosi,i do 4s .:...:.. :104%
°° COU P 10SV* N Y C, & St L 43.106'/},
do new 4s reg....l37 Norf & W con 4s..l01>4
°° COU P 137 Or Nav lsts 110
do old 4s reg 113 do 4s 102%
do coup ni or S Line 6s 125
do os reg 107% do con 5s 118%
~ d ° C0 "P 107% Reading gen 4s .... 95V4
Distof Col 3.65s.. ..121 R G West lsts... .100%
A tchlson gen 4s... .103% St L & I M con. 5s. 116
r-fo « dJ .i s .- 37 St L & S F gen 6s. 125
Can South 2ds 109 st Paul cons ......IS*
,Ches _& Ohio 4%s...lOS St P C & Pac lsts. 115
_ d ° « s ••....:.../:. 120 do 5s ;.116%
C & N W con 7s...l35>,5 South Pac 4s 92
doSPdebSs 122 South Ry 5s 116%
*» HJi S Rope & T 6s.... 57V4
South 4s ..... tw-re Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
D & R G 4s 102 do 2ds 9S%
grte .§"> 4s 86^-4 Union Pac 4s 104 >i
Ft W & D C lsts.. 104 Wabash lsts 118
Gen Electric 5s.. ..200 do 2ds 110
Iowa Central lsts. .116 West Shore 4s 112W
L & Nash uni 4s...l01»J Wis Cent lsts ... 85Ti
M K & T 2ds S2 Va Centuries 94U
do 4s 98^
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 8 \A
Breece ...H 141 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con .. 0!) Phoenix ; 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06'^ Potosl V3
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage ............. 03
Dead wood Terra .. 65 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 *5 Small Hopes ...... 40
Iron Silver 5S Standard 3 00
Lead vine Con ..... 0C
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. *
• Money— Westinghse Elec... 69%
Call loans.... S%@* Bonds-
Time loans 4 @3 N E Gas & C 5s... 54»4
Stocks— Mining Shares—
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 73% Adventure 2oV*
Do prefd 94% Bingham ,.. -40M1
American Sugar. ..132H Amalg Copper 113%
Amer Telephone... 162 Atlantic ....." 37
Boston & Albany.. 2S7 Calumet & Hecla..740
Dominion Coal 37% Centennial 2&U
Do prefd 116 F.ranklin , is^
U S Steel 42% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 91& Osceola 99
Fitchburg prefd. ..145 Parrot 50
Gen Electric 263V4 Quincy 170
Ed Elec 111 250 Santa F,e Copper... -6V4
Mexican Central... 25 Tamarack 348
Old Colony.... 20S Utah Mining........ 29V4
Old Dominion 30 Winona 2Va
Union Pacific. 96% Wolverines 64
West End 96V4
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Aug-. 17.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Loans, $$84,810,300; decreasei $1,645,340.
Deposits. $564,529,200: decrease, $751,800.
Circulation, $29,039,000; decrease, $1,514,200.
Legal tenders, J77.86S.100; decrease, $1,334,600.
Specie, $181,711,100; decrease, $l,3S4,400.
Reserves. $259,574,200; decrease. $2,719,000.
Reserve required, $:il,157.3C0; decrease, $187,-
Surplus, J1S.421.900; decrease. $2,531,0o0.
The Financier says: The most striking feat
ure ot last week's statement was the slight
change in the loan item. There was a reduc
tion of $1,645,300, which was the more notable
because it followed more or less important In
creases in recent weeks. This reduction would
seem to indicate not only that there were no
negotiations of moment to call for large loans,
but that the banks, as a rule, have restricted
their discounts to current requirements and
have refrained from expansions amounting in
early demand for money for the crops. There
was a loss of $2,719,000 in cash divided equally
in specie and legal tenders. The cash was .in
fluerced last v.-eek chiefly by the subtreasury
operations. Early In the week payments by
this office were unusually large for transfers
to Manila and London and also for pensions
and for other purposes, but at the same time
receipts for" duties and interest - taxes were
heavy and afterward these receipts were suf
ficient to counterbalance ordinary disburse
ments, go that by the end of the bank week
the treasury receipts had exceeded payments,
so far as the banks were concerned, by about
$118,000. On Friday the assistant Treasurer
was debtor $1,339,683 at the clearing-house, so
that the cash return of the banks for the week
was made on rising averages. The interior
movement of cash, as shown by the prelimin
ary estimates, indicated some withdrawals of
money hence for the South, and the movement
apparently resulted in a net gain of about $1,-
OOO.O0Q. The bank statement, however, seemed
to show that there was a larger drain of money
dua to the interior movement than was calcu
lated upon in the above noted estimates. The
subtreasury operations during the week were
so distinctly traceable that it does not appear
; probable that the loss of cash resulted to any
great extent from such operations. The de
crease of only $751,800 in deposits is very, much
smaller than that which was called, for by
; the total loss' in cash and the reductions in
i loans, which total was $4,364,300. One feature
of the statement was the increase of $i,. r >i4,200
in circulation, 'which reflects the elimination
from the statement of national bank circula
tion, caused by the merger of the Bank of the
Republic with the First National. The sur-'
plus reserve was reduced $2,531,050 and it now
stands at $18,421,900. This may be regarded as
a sufficient, margin, in view of the fact that
the banks are now pursuing an extremely con
servative course in the matter of loans and
that the requirements of stock exchange, bor
rowers are not especially urgent at the' mo
ment. ' . . • •
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17. — An advance at Liver
pool stimulated buyers at the start and Sep
tember wheat opened V»c higher to unchanged
at 72@71%c Prices soon gave way, however,
end September slumped to-,71»4c. /Northwest
receipts j were liberal, weather ; favorable
to a' big spring wheat movement was looked
for soon and there was a prospect of enormous
figures in the world's shipments \ statement
Monday. . There was evidence also that . a big
September ehort interest was endeavoring to
lower the price by selling December in order
.to cover the nearby future. On the other hand
a Paris cable improved on .yesterday's,: from
a bull standpoint, ; by estimating that France
would have to import 100,000,000 bushels. : There
was a general disposition after the opening
activity to "play even" over Sunday and the
remainder of the curtailed -Saturday session
was dull. September rallied to 71%c . from the
decline, but worked back again for lack of
support and closed easy, %@»io under yester
day, at 7iy*@71*ic. • .-.,-.. ¦
Corn, like wheat, ; was momentarily flrnv at
the Etart on cables, . and although It subse
quently regained the loss- bullish feeling had
been- weakened and the recovery was not sus
tained. September closed %c down at 68%c;
Oats were dull and featureless, values rang
ing lower -in sympathy with corn. September
closed %c lower at 36c.
.Provisions were dull, but prices were main
tained by a demand from packers. January
pork closed 6c higher,- lard unchanged and
ribs 5c up. -_ .
The leading futures ranged as follows : '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— No sales. ''- v
Regular Mornine- Session— No sales. - \~
OATS — A' continued , demand for \ Government
account keeps - the market firm. There Is a
sharp demand for red for the West and South,
and shippers here and Importers ther* are
working: both ends of the railroad proposition
to secure a low enough rate to get the goods
across. ! If. they* succeed we are promised the
liveliest kind of a market. Quotable at 95c@
$1 for Black and $1@1 20 per ctl for Red.
CORN — Chicago was steady and featureless.
This market was' dull and nominal. Small
round Yellow, $175; Eastern Yellow, Ji 62%r5)
1 63; White, $1 70@l 75 per ctl; mixed, $1 50
@165.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl. ¦?¦¦¦¦ \ ••
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.«
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02%.
- Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Aside from the continual effort on
the part. of shippers to get a rate to the "West
from the railroads, whereby they can ship out
a large quantity, there is nothing new. In the
meantime the market is -dull.* •"-•* .¦'
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, -72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing, and Shipping
grades. ,77%@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL ! BOARD . SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
"WHEAT— "Was dull and . featureless all over
the world. Liverpool . futures were
Chicago was steady and dull. Experts, said
the French VcroD would : not exceed 300,000,000
bushels, and * the Import I necessities of France
.would.be 100,000,000. . - "
This market was neglected and nominal.
T Spot Wheat-Shtpplng, 97%c; milling, Jl@
1 02% per ctl.- :,'-.- .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Cables'.............. .' ":— •'.;"¦ ~i 89%
New York Exchange, sight...... :—"..¦ .05
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — ,; - : 07%
Silver, per ounce .................. — ¦; '58%
Mexican Dollars, : nominal ' 47 • © .. 47%
@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red and 4@5c for
white. ' ...
PRUNES^-Quoted by the Association on the
basis of 3*4c for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Are practically cleaned and nom
inal, as follows: a Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12o per . lb; choice, lie; standard, 10c;
prime, 9c; unbleached Thompson's, 9c per
lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10% e per lb; choice, 9*4c-
Btandard. 8%c: prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas'
8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes. 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; jl
crown, 6%c; 2-crown 6c; Pacific brand— 2-crown,
Be; 3-crown, 5#c, and 4-crown, 5%c; seeded
(Fresno prices),' 6c; London Layers. 2-crown.
$150 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2-
Dehesa $2 £0; Imperials, $3. . All prices f. o. b.
at common shipping points. In California.
NUTS— Walnuts,. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6M.@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c tor paper-shell, 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c:
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ;ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
S3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. - 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 6%
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4@
BEES^AX-25@28c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 18.^1901.
State, common to good, 5@7c; prime, 7%<g8c;
choice, -8%c; fancy, 8%@9c. * California dried
fruits were inactive;,, steady and ., unchanged.
Prunes— 33i@7c, as to size and quality. Apri
cots—Royal, 8Vi@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c. Peaches
—Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, , 6@9% c .
Chicago Grain Mar fret.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
31
Articles— «;¦¦ . Open. High
Wheat No. 2— ',
September r. 72 . 72
Jecember .......... 74% ' 74%
Hay 77?i . 77%
Corn No. 2 — '
September 59?!*, 59%
December 61% 61%
May 63% 63%
Oats No. 2—. * ,:¦¦
September. 86% - 36%
December 37% 37%
Jay 40V4 . -40%
Aless Pork, per barrel—
September ..14 10 •. 14 10
ranuory .'....15 40 15 50':
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 77% 8 85 '
)ctober 8 85 "8 92U
ranuary .*.......... 8 87VS 8 SV,l
Short Ribs. per v 100" pounds-
September 8 10. - S 20
October ...: 8 20 8 SO
ranuary .'. 7 95 8 02&
i. Low. Close.
7iv« v m
. 73Vi • 73%
77 >A ¦ 77»i
E814 - 6S%
60% 60%
62% 63
36 • 36
Sl^ 37Y4.
39% • 39%
14 07% 14 07%
15 40 15 50
8 77%' 8 85
8 85 8 92%
8 S5 8 87%
8 10 8 20
8 20 8 30
7 95 . 8 00
STATIONS.
2 2
i I: 2
s| q |
M r s
H8T
Unl
Xar
rail
Riv.
Fan
Ven
nfoM
[lister
pa
lermo
•ers=i<2^
I Joflc
ltura
....100 72
.... si r,3
79 51
!»9 70
S7 58
.... Kl 60
....73 5S
0
0
S Clear 0
S 0
Cloudy 0
N 0
Foggy 0
• /
TATIOX&
.a 2 g s 5
i f i fi si r?
% ¦• c •= § s-o 5-3.
? : 5 : = ?- 3 5
..29.9« 61- r* SW Cloudy
..29.S6 S6 58 KW Cloudy
..29.06 80 C2 S Rain
0
0
.08
ka
no
naff
..29.S2 r* iO W Cloudy
..:».74 102 T2 N\V Clear
..23.92 76 M SW Pt CMy
0
0
0
ha
..rs.TI SS CO \V Clear ••
i o
Angeles ..
n:x
land
Bluff
..29.S1 78 €2 W Clear
..29.74 *>4 72 W Clear
..28.86 80 54 X\V Pt Cldy
..20.72 100 78 SE Clear
0
.18
- 0
0
burg
amento ..
Lake
Francisco.
I-uis Obis
Diego
tie
ane
62
..29.78 SS 5S SW Clear
..2S.S2 S6 €2 KV Pt Cldy
..2S.S2 €0 50 \V Cloudy
O.C9.92 78 56 W Clear
..2VM 70 66 W Clear
. .2S.94 76 Z2 J* Clear
..29.S« 9<J €4 "VV Cloudy
i
"o
.«n
o
o
0
0
0
t^
*;
46
..2S.SI S4 «« S Pt Cldy
...29.72 88 56 SW - Cloudy
. ..E&.72 96 SO N Clear
0
T.
.It
STATIONS.
2 2
i I: 2
s| q |
M r s
H8T
Unl
Xar
rail
Riv.
Fan
Ven
nfoM
[lister
pa
lermo
•ers=i<2^
I Joflc
ltura
....100 72
.... si r,3
79 51
!»9 70
S7 58
.... Kl 60
....73 5S
0
0
S Clear 0
S 0
Cloudy 0
N 0
Foggy 0
• /
TATIOX&
.a 2 g s 5
i f i fi si r?
% ¦• c •= § s-o 5-3.
? : 5 : = ?- 3 5
..29.9« 61- r* SW Cloudy
..29.S6 S6 58 KW Cloudy
..29.06 80 C2 S Rain
0
0
.08
ka
no
naff
..29.S2 r* iO W Cloudy
..:».74 102 T2 N\V Clear
..23.92 76 M SW Pt CMy
0
0
0
ha
..rs.TI SS CO \V Clear ••
i o
Angeles ..
n:x
land
Bluff
..29.S1 78 €2 W Clear
..29.74 *>4 72 W Clear
..28.86 80 54 X\V Pt Cldy
..20.72 100 78 SE Clear
0
.18
- 0
0
burg
amento ..
Lake
Francisco.
I-uis Obis
Diego
tie
ane
62
..29.78 SS 5S SW Clear
..2S.S2 S6 €2 KV Pt Cldy
..2S.S2 €0 50 \V Cloudy
O.C9.92 78 56 W Clear
..2VM 70 66 W Clear
. .2S.94 76 Z2 J* Clear
..29.S« 9<J €4 "VV Cloudy
i
"o
.«n
o
o
0
0
0
t^
*;
46
..2S.SI S4 «« S Pt Cldy
...29.72 88 56 SW - Cloudy
. ..E&.72 96 SO N Clear
0
T.
.It
Articles— «;¦¦ . Open. High
Wheat No. 2— ',
September r. 72 . 72
Jecember .......... 74% ' 74%
Hay 77?i . 77%
Corn No. 2 — '
September 59?!*, 59%
December 61% 61%
May 63% 63%
Oats No. 2—. * ,:¦¦
September. 86% - 36%
December 37% 37%
Jay 40V4 . -40%
Aless Pork, per barrel—
September ..14 10 •. 14 10
ranuory .'....15 40 15 50':
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 77% 8 85 '
)ctober 8 85 "8 92U
ranuary .*.......... 8 87VS 8 SV,l
Short Ribs. per v 100" pounds-
September 8 10. - S 20
October ...: 8 20 8 SO
ranuary .'. 7 95 8 02&
i. Low. Close.
7iv« v m
. 73Vi • 73%
77 >A ¦ 77»i
E814 - 6S%
60% 60%
62% 63
36 • 36
Sl^ 37Y4.
39% • 39%
14 07% 14 07%
15 40 15 50
8 77%' 8 85
8 85 8 92%
8 S5 8 87%
8 10 8 20
8 20 8 30
7 95 . 8 00
AUCTION SALES
fe £& fe
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
40 Fine RoacTHorses,
SPLENDID CARRIAGES. BUGGIES, CARTS.
PHAETONS. SULKIES. HARNESS,
BOOTS. ETC.
. By order executors Moses Hopkins Estate.
This consignment Includes stallions, geldtng*
and mares by such- sires as Silver Bow 2:16.
Eros 2:25. Grandissimo 2:23%. El Benton 2:23.
Pilot Prince. Mountain King. Hawthorne.
Moses S, Director >Wilkes. Socrates, etc.. out
; of excellent mares; all broken single and double
and their ages range from 4 to 8 years. There
are also several fine saddle horses among them.
This Is a rare opportunity for business and
livery men to pill-chase first-class horses,
vehicles and harness at their own price. One
vehicle cost $1SOO and harness for same cost
$1000. All vehicles and harness nearly new.
" i Sale takes place
¦THURSDAY. AUGUST 29. 1901. at 11 a. m..
. . OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
.WILLIAM G. LATNG, Auctioneer.
Stock at yard August 20. Catalogues ready.-
AT AUCTION.
I will sell the entire stock ot Horses. Surreys.
Wagons, Carts and Harness of the stables at
1140 Folsom St., Tuesday, Aug 20, 11 a. m. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.- France holds the', record as a user of
gold. „ She has coined 2300 tons In the last
forty.years, against 1400. used. by the En
glish mint. ... ; ' ' ,.
Credit Men Meet at Banquet.
A good menu, good speeches and good
songs passed. away a pleasant evening
for the Credit Men's Association, which
banqueted at the California Hotel last
evening-. About fifty members of the or
ganization put their f^et 1 under the ma
hogony at 7 o'clock in the evening and
kept them there until past midnight
when they went to their several homes'
fully satisfied that the best way In which
to prolong one's days ls to steal a few
hours from the nights. Gustave Brenner
presided at the dinner and among those
whose wit and wisdom helped to enliven
the repast were: C. A. Hawkins. Hugh
Crais, Joseph Kirk, Sanford Bennett and
W. H. Kent
,. Much of this trade has been built-up on
a permanent-basis. -.Advance" sheets of
Commercial -., Relations, made -public ¦ at
Washington recently, treat of the sale of
American- food: products and manufae
tures in Scotland. /The Scotch are not the
easiest customers to get, but dnce pleased
they are constant, so the market obtained
there Is highly prized. American products
recommend themselves by their Quality.—
Pittsburgh Dispatch.
The preliminary report of. Imports and
exports for April shows a continuance of
the • gratifying I conditions that have pre
vailed during late years. There is an in
crease of : a little more than $1,000,000 in
imports : and a ¦• little more than $2,000,000
in . the exports for the ¦, month. The ' total
exports of domestic products for the ten
months-- of ¦.• the', fiscal year aggregate
$1,238,528,000 and the excess of exports over
imports reaches' the .vast I sum . of;$584,212,
000-more than : half, a \dollars.: -•:.-
Our ; Growing Export ¦ Trade.
A man sometimes *loses hia head hut .
woman seldom loses her tongue! \
To follow his course all day would be
wearisome. But when evening comes he
seeks ; relaxation at the latest American
musical comedy, and finishes up with a
couple of "little liver pills" "made in
America. "— London Mall.
He rushes out, catches the electric tram
(New York) to Shepherd's ' Bush. ' where
he gets in a Yankee elevator to take him
on to. the American-fitted electric rail
way to the city. : At lunch time he hastily
swallows some cold roast beef that comes
from a • cow in Iowa, and flavors It with
t*u latest New England pickles, and then
soothes hia mind wit:, a , couple^of Vir
ginia cigarettes. : T"
In the domestic life we have got to
this: The average man rises in the morn
ing from ; his New! England folding bed.
shaves with American soap and a Yankee
safety razor, pulls oh his Boston boots
over his socks from North Carolina, fast
ens hii Connecticut braces, slips his Wal
tham or Waterbury watch» in his pocket
and sits down to breakfast. There he con
gratulates his wife on the way her Illi
nois straight front corset sets off her
Massachusetts blouse, and he tackles his
breakfast, where he eats bread made from
prairie flour, tinned' oysters from the Pa
cific Coast, and a slice of Kansas City
bacon, while his wife plays with a slice
of Chicago ox tongue. The children are
given ' American oats. At the same time
he : reads • his morning paper printed by
American . machines and possibly on
American paper.
"Yankee" Products in English, Life.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— A dispatch to the
Pall Mall Gazette from Constantinople
says a body of 400 Kurds has been raid
ing the Delmisara district of Armenia and
has destroyed twelve villages, leaving
nothing but smoking ruins. £)nly the
young girls were spared. They were car
ried off to the harems. All the males were
ruthlessly butchered.
Kurds Raid Armenians
and Spare Only the
! Young Girls.
David Bush & Son have sold five acres on
Selby lane In Fair Oaks, San Mateo County
for Mrs. Elizabeth C. Lacey to W. O.»Hel
blsh, for $6500; lot 110x250 In San Mateo for
Sales in the Suburbs.
" Lot 32x160, with improvements, on the north
line of Sixteenth street, 60 feet west from Mis
sion, to Kmll I Arnold for $10,000; from Jane
F. Likens to R. B. Hale, lot 51:6x137:6 on. the
north line of Pine street, 137:6 east of Scott,
for $6000; from Morton S. Price to Charles Ehn
two flats and lot 25x136 on the north line of Sut
ter street, 125 feet west of Flllmore, for $7500
and from Mr. Anderson to the Santa. Fe Rail
road Company, a lot 75x100 on the west line
of Indiana street, '100 feet south of Sierra, for
57500. ¦ ¦ • ,
Lot 50x137:6 on the south line of Frederick
street, 157:6 feet west from - Stanyan, with
twelve flati thereon, for the Germania Build
ing and Loan Association to Henry A. Ar
nold .for $12,000; lot 27:6x137:6; with house, on
the south line of Greenwich street, 137:6 east
of Dupont. to Ottllie Bach, for $?700; house and
lot, 23:6x77:6. , on the north line of Broadway,
between Taylor and Jones streets, from Charle3
T. Lundberg to Mrs. T. Glry, for $1500; four
flats and lot, 45:10x58:9. en the east line of
Jones street, 45:10 south of Vallejo, from F. E.
Marcherlnl to Alexander Bond, for $3600, and In
conjunction with Lyon & Hoag, a house and
lot 23x82:6 at 4166 Twentieth street, from
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank to Catherine Wes
man, for $1800.
O. D. Baldwin " & Son have made * the
following sales: . . r - •',
-In addition to these sales A. M. Speck
& Co. report transactions as follows:-
Transactions in Detail.
The Interest in local reality, as Indi
cated by the records, ls not confined to
any section. All sections are holding their
own, with the business part of .the town
naturally In the lead. While the market
is a little quiet now, owing to disturbing
causes, all brokers know that the strength
of San Francisco's geographical position
will make realty a good investment. The
city Is growing and will grow steadily
and all classes of property are bound to
improve.
During the week Just past several sales
of good properties have been reported. A
M. Speck & Co. have sold 45:10x137:6 on
the south line of Sutter street. 385 feet
west from Taylor, and also 20 feet on
Lewis street, in the rear, with a depth
of 57;6, to Henry Kahn. The first named
piece is- the Blakeman property and
brought J525.OOO. The second was sold by
G. B. Demartinl, the price being $2200. On
these lots Mr. Kahn will build a hand
some business block of brick from four
to six stories high. . -
¦ The most serious : damage ] to - Mobile • is
the partial: destruction of the famous bay
shore shell road. \. This drive extends • sev
eral I miles down the western shore I of | the
bay. It' has been .washed; out" for ' a' : mile
or -more, the* whole foundation being car
ried ¦ off, i and in. its place is a' vast quan
tity^ of .tree -trunks ' and driftwood. < News
from Fort'iMorgani" at , Mobile! Points the
entrance to, the bay, is that the wind did
minor • damage - to the barracks I and- other
buildings there; • No person ' waa hurt.- . ¦
¦¦: NEW, ORLEANS, ; Aug.; 17.f:Communica
tion with the ¦ resorts along Mississippi
Pascagoula, Miss., , felt - the full force of
the storm. The damage in bathhouses and
wharves alone there is put at $10,000. Moss
Point, Miss., a; sawmill town, ; sustained
heavy damage by. logs being carried away.
At Biloxi/Miss., the beautiful : new ¦ club
house was demolished, together with sev
eral' cottages. One I fisherman' is reported
drowned.. : ; — _; ;;¦;;> >i- v; .<
A tug was sent down the bay from Mo
bije to-day to ; investigate the conditions
on Mississippi Island, about which some
apprehension was felt, .but up to midnight
nothing had been' heard from there.; The
steamer Evelyn is ashore near Pensacola,
the schooner Asa C.Stowell. is stranded
in Mobile Bay, the schooner Foster Rice
is dismasted iij the g gulf - and has i been
towed to Mobile, a three-masted schooner,
name unknown, has-been sighted in dis
tress fifty miles outside of Mobile harbor,
and the American 'bark Julia is ashore
and capsized on the south beach of Horn
Island. These' are the marine disasters so
far as known to-night.
The warnings of the approaching storm
were so widely disseminated that nearly
every place in this region was prepared.
The coast resorts suffered less damage
than first reports indicated,' according to
advices- here. Point Clear, Mobile, Bay,
the favorite resort for this part of the
coast, lost a row of bathhouses and a part
of the steamboat wharf. :* Battles,, another
resort, lest a part of its steamboat wharf.
Portersville, on, the south coast, suffered
the loss of a number of pleasure craft and
smacks.- : • -: v-. .-..-¦¦.¦¦.•.¦:"¦."-•¦'.:' v •.¦ ' "-.¦ :- -.,¦'¦¦
MOBILE, Ala., Aug. 17.— The gulf coast
from Pensacola to. New Orleans is at last
under view, telegraphic communication
having been resumed • from one ," point,
which Is • central. The . general report . is
that aside from damage to wharves and
bathhouses,- sailboats '¦" and smacks," trees,
outhouses and fences,, the Instances 'of se
rious loss are few. There has been no loss
of life so far as is known here...
Under, the ruling publicity within the
meaning and' intent of the liber law of
Maryland J is sufficiently accomplished
when the objectionable matter is dictated
to the stenographer. The libel is "pub
lished" under such circumstances as fully
for legal purposes : as though it were
printed i in a newspaper," and published
broadcast. No. case presenting the same
facts ; appears 'to have been before the
courts of any other State for adjudication.
In view of the universal use of stenog
raphers-as confidential secretaries, it is
important that the decision should be
widely .published.— Pittsburg Dispatch. .
"Neither the prevalence of any business
customs or methods nor the pressure of
business which compels resort to sten
ographic'assistance can make that'legal
which, is illegal, nor make that innocent
which would otherwise be actionable.
Nor can the fact that the stenographer is
under contractual or moral obligation to
regard all his employer's communications
as confidential alter the reason of the
matter."
A. decision, as*;'to, what-- constitutes a'
libelous • "publication 1^ in contemplation
of law has recently- been handed down by
the Maryland Court,, of ' I Appeals, which
should lead ,- persons employing pri
vate amanuenses - and stenographers to
use great care as to the subject matter of
a dictated letter, -says the Baltimore
American. According to this decision.- the
first judicial deliverance of a State court
of last resort deciding the precise point,
the • publication of a letter dictated and
typewritten .containing libelous matter is
legally - complete, although ¦ its - contents
have not been made known to any person
other than the .stenographer. The court
ruled:/ ; ¦ ¦ - • . • ¦ ¦ -. .
Beware of the) Stenographer.
The organization of the drill corps was
perfected by the present captain H P
Hurlbut. in 1891. It has taken part in a
number of contests or exhibition drill<T
and It was always highly commended for
the perfectness of the movements. When
the conclave was held in Denver * Colo
the corps was awarded a silver brick far
its work and hospitality. During the »
f ent^ 8lt A thls ¦ cWy of Presftraf McKl£
ley the drill corps took an active nart
This^earit expects to make a moJ at
tractive showing in Louisville !? 4"
Hurlbut is the cfptain. otorge F Ne^i J'
warde"n? rdCn aDd W * H ' F ' T "^ Junior
The commandery, which wa3 originally
known as San Francisco Encampment
No. 1. was organized in 1S53. It changed
its name to California Commandery No 1
in September, 1356, and upon the organiza
tion, in 1S58 of the Grand Commandervit
again changed its name to California
Commandery No. 1. Knights Templar It
has had for commander Alex G Ahi>i
William H. L. Barnes and R H Lbyd'
?.? T d ha( l t0T a tIme George T. Bromley'
Uncle George," as generalissimo. Hiram
T. Graves, the present recorder, waa also
a commander. The membership of tha
commandery Is 390.
History of Commandery.
* At ?i nve ? the Pittas will be enter
tained by the Colorado Commandery, and
tnere the California and Colorado drill
co «TP S x. wU1 glve exhibition drills. There
will.be a stop at Omaha, where the vis
itors will be welcomed by Mount Calvary
Commandery. A day and an evening will
be spent in that city. In the evening th«
commandery will te tendered a reception
by Eminent Sir George W. Linlger in his
magnificent home. From there the pil
grims will go right on to Louisville. Cali
fornia Commandery is the first scheduled
to arrive at the conclave city and the last
to leave it. The drill corps will show its
sympathy for and interest in. the Masonic
Home by giving an, exhibition drill in the
Auditorium for its benefit. .
Continued from Page Twenty-Three.
R " « H ; , Llovd ls a member, proposes to
maintain its reputation for California
hospitality on the route to Louisville and
at that place. The first stop will be at
Sacramento, where a number of sir
knights and ladlea will join the party. The
pilgrims^ will stop at Ogden. then go to
?he^\Y*htiaTn'ts: One en ° USh to see
SHREWD BUYERS
SHOW INTEREST
SIR KHJGHTS PREPARE,
Sound was opened- to-night, the first Lou
isville and Nashville -, train coming
through. Wire connection was also estab
lished, and it was learned that while the
damage has been severe at all points there
has been no loss of life* except one fisher
man missing ffom Bay St. Louis.
W.> J. Somers .-will build a house on'the
southeast corner of California street and
; Van Ness avenue. ¦'¦¦¦¦'.' ;',*. ¦"¦.-:••¦' . ¦' . '-.•¦¦¦ -?i
'. Two stories,, with ' lodging house above,
will be; built by, Gus HarshaH r on the
northeast ccrner of : Sixth : and Minna
streets. The cost will be $25,000 apprdxl
mately. ¦• - - - > -¦¦..¦ ¦-. .-."t '--•"¦',
¦ Oscar I Heyman - will build a '.four-room
cottage on the north line of Laidley street,
180 feet ; west from Roanoke, and is now
erecting a six-room cottage . on .the .: east
line . of California avenue, 25 : feet * south
from Virginia avenue. : •;_ ?-. >--
The , three ; more ; important sales of city
realty placed on record during the week
were 120x160 feet on the southeast line • of
Mission street, 223 feet northeast from
Fifth, from Charles L. Tllden to W. J.
Somers for $88,500; the northwest corner
of Washington and Gough streets, 137:6—
137:6, from the Goad • Company to p Fred
erick Tillmann Jr. for $62,500; the Flood
residence on the north line of. Pacific ave
nue, east from Gough street, for $34,000 to
Mrs.-Henry T: Lally.'. --• •-..'.« ...
Properties _ at Auction.
Easton,' Eldridge & Co. will sell realty
at auction next Tuesday. - • :
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
on Monday/August 26. " . • \
Nelson, Johnson & Co. have opened fine
offices for the transaction of a real estate
business at 205 Montgomery street, oppo
site the Mills building.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. will ', soon re
move to 313 Montgomery street, in the
basement of the Nevada block. ¦ !
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold 27x
92:6 feet- on the east line of Webster
•street, 56:6 feet south from- Green, with a
twelve-room dwelling, to Jessie A. Gor
ham for $11,000; 42x30 feet on the west line
of Dupont street, forty feet north from
Sutter, with four-story brick building, for
$24,300, to Nat Raphael and A. Auerbach;
34:4%x67:6 feet on the west line of San
some street.: 34:4 feet north from Pacific,
for $8000; the northeast corner, of Hyde
and Greenwich streets, 28x56 feet, for $2500;
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for res
idence purposes the northeast corner ' of
Broadway and Pierce street. 62:6x137:6 feet,
for W. R. Morton to S. V. Mooney for
$11,750; lot 30x137:6 feet on the north line
of Broadway, between Steiner and Pierce
streets, for $5250; lot 35x100 . feet, on the
south line of Richland avenue for $750; lot
on the north line of Richland avenue, west
from Mission street, 25x100. feet, for $550.
Shainwald, . Buckbee ' & Co. have sold
three flafs and lot, 2axi27:Slii feet,' on- the
southeast corner of Pacific and Baker
streets for $20,000. The buildings are new.
F. B. Surryhne has sold for 116,300 the
southeast corner of Howard and Sixteenth
streets, the size of the lot being 130x122:6.
This is the Waterhouse property. . The
name of the purchaser is not made known.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold, in
connection with "¦ Davidson & Leigh, the
Dr. McLean property, on the : north line
of Broadway, between Devisadero and
Broderick streets, to Mrs. Emma G. But
ler for $14,500. Mrs. , Butler will erect a
handsome residence, on the lot.,
Mrs. Turnbull to M. B. Spaldlng for $4900.
BURN VILLAGES,
BUTCHER MEN
GALE DRIVES
SHIPS ASHORE
It Is the expectation of both Bradbury
and Chapman that the water -works -will
be r*»ady for operation Inside of two
months If all coes welL
Bradbury has a force of men grading
his newly acoulred pmoerty and another
force boring his well. Chanman. with pine
toners and wrench in, hand. Is rushiner Ms
part of the water-works svstem as rapidlv
as possible, forsaking the law for the
nonce to become a plumber.
."Well. Chapman has a pood reservoir"
upon the hill and I have what may be a
good well here, even if I have to go down
100 feet to get the water. I am going- to
bore a tunnel Into the .hill, so as to run
Into the well, and I told Chapman I'd
pump the water Into his reservoir if he
would give me all I needed. So we struck
a bareain and then I told Chapman that
If we had any water to spare we might as
well supply the town. So Chapman turns
to. gets a lot of pipe and meters and fix-
Ings and Is laying pipes to supply the
town as soon as we get jour water works
going.
"Oh. I forgot." he said; "she made me
put in a den for myself. Now what do
you think of that?"
"How about you water supply T'' was
asked him.
"We have a nice house in the city," said
the coming Corte Madera water magnate
"but my wife wanted a. little cabin in the
country- She first wanted a nice sitting
room and I laid one out about 20 by 21
feet. Then she thought it would be nice to
have a large halL So I put one in about
9:6 by 20 feet long. 'Now, Brad, dear.' she
eald, "I can't get along without three bed
rooms, a bathroom, a kitchen, dining
room and a servants' room.'- So I put
those In. Then she wanted the house fin
ished In hardwoods, paper between the
boardings and a whole !ot of other things
Why, when I got through I had a house
48 by 48, as big as two city lots: just think
of that for a country cabin!" and Brad
bury laughed loud and long as he thought
of his little cabin.
Another matter that is engrossing the
attention of Millionaire Bradbury is the
construction of a summer residence.
While Lawyer Chapman, in shirt sleeves
and overalls, is laying pipes, making con
nections and putting In meters. Millionaire
Bradbury has a variety of matters to oc
cupy his attention. He has a large force
of men engaged in boring a we'll big
•enough for a* fire department cistern in a
big city. .Although down but twelve feet,
water Is already seeping through the por
ous rock. This point is near the line of
the Chapman and Bradbury properties,
and the village ¦wiseacres are debating the
<juestion as to what the result ¦will be if
Bradbury digs his tunnel into Chapman's
property. They do not know perhaps of
the Bradbury-Chapman alliance.
Lawyer Busy Laying Pipe.
: Under the Bradbury-Chapman regime, a
rate of $2 per month, based on a meter
measurement of 4000 t gallons, will be
charged, with an additional charge of 50
cents for each 1000 gallons over and above
the 4PO0. Consnmers wishing a supply are
required to sign contracts for five years.
Two-Inch mains are now being laid
throughout the town and the Pixley dis
trict will be invaded- as soon as. fire
householders will agree . to take water
from the new company. - i>
Under the arrangements made by
householders who are supplied by Pixley
there is an understanding that during the
summer months care shall be exercised
In the use of ¦water, for. although the sup
ply-is ample for all domestic purposes,
there is but little to waste. In order to
extend the supply further boring of tun
nels into the hills Is now under way, with
Indications of striking a copious supply
at an early date.
Chapman also took a hand in the mat
ter. Tunnels were driven Into other hills,
reservoirs constructed and pipe lines laid.
James McCue. another friend of Pixley.
also entered the water field and . supplied
a section entirely distinct from that sup
plied by young Pixley and Chapman. Ef
forts to increase the supply by boring ad
ditional tunnels into the hills were made,
and then Bradbury came upon the scene.
He purchased a large tract of land for a
summer residence and at once turned his
attention to a source of J water supply.
Chapman was not In a position to give
him all the water he thought he would
need, so an alliance , was made. Brad
bury agreed to sink a well, bore a tunnel
and DumD the ¦water from his well into
Chapman's reservoirs upon the hill. Then
the idea suggested itself to Bradbury that
the system might be extended to all parts
fit the town, and Chapman and Bradbury
combined forces.
Corte Madera was always Frank PIx
ley's favorite resting place. In its vicin
age his widow and his eldest son reside.
Here, too, E. C. Chapman, at one time
associated with Pixley in the law busi
ness, maintains his domicile. Toung Pix
ley, who is managing the remnants of his
father's estate, bored tunnels into the
hills, piped the water into town and suc
ceeded In supplying about thirty families
with water at an average rate of $1 50 per
month.
One day Bradbury had some words with
a division superintendent about the ex
travagant use of water. The superintend
ent did not care much . for Bradbury nor
his water works either— the engines took
water at other stations, the eating house
was moved away, and Bradbury's Pixley
water works were no longer of use.
But the water works spirit was still in
him. and he is now preparing to again en
gage in his favorite enterprise.
wTater Bates War May Follow.
His next venture In this line was the
building of the water works in Golden
Gate Park for a consideration of nearly
5?0.000. These works proved inadequate to
fcupply the park and have since been en
larged. Next he fell In with the late
Frark Pixley, and a town known as Pix
ley was started In Fresno County. Brad
bury again was to the fore with a propo
sition to supply the town with water. By
promise of free water to Southern Pacific
locomotives he Induced that company to
establish an eating house at the embryo
town. The price of town lots rose in
value, water was in demand and the wa
ter magnate and Pixley, the land owner,
were in a fair way to reap a golden har
vest.
Of course, every millionaire Is privileged
to enjoy his fad. Bradbury's is water
works. Some years ago he had two tanks
located on a let on California street, a
short distance above his present resi
dence, and supplied his neighbors with
water. He applied to the Board of Super
visors for permission to extend his mains.
Spring Valley stepped in and Bradbury
sold out, it Is said, for a consideration of
$15,000. Where the ugly red tanks stood
are now several handsome residences.
Millionaire W. B. Bradbury, of wafer
works, expectoration and elevator-running
fame, has found a new field for the dis
play of .his genius — In the construction of
water works. To the hill and plains that
mark the limits of Corte Madera, nest
ling under the foothills of grim Mount
Tamalpals, he has turned hts attention
ana with that ready discernment that
scents the far-off dollar he is laying his
plans to provide a copious supply of wa
ter, to be drawn from nature's reservoirs
In the surrounding hills and supply it at
bo much per 1000 gallons to the thirsty of
that village.
Local Millionaire Finds a
New Opportunity for
Pet Scheme.
Corte Madera Chosen as
His Latest Field
for Hobby.
BRADBURY'S FAD
IS WATER WORKS
THE SAIST FBA^ClSCCy CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1901.
32
~™L_
Prices.
1/^^^^^ , These Will Do Us More Good Than Any Ribbon Values We've' Ever Given.
"ifffiiX ft^ 555^^^^^ ston *fi da v£ : '''f^% They are just the right sorts and all under price. •
W°1^4 Economy. lnFWJ^,M>^tM> Now and then a storekeeper is fortunate enough to get a little of one good thing to sell
A^/i^^^s. Price is a poor standard. We , ¦.¦jm : JB^Sz^^^^Z^^^- under it's worth, but we never heard of so much in the height of style being
\h forsook it long ago. Our ban- "**rn rrrfrr- 6 - "^ ' . , • ¦¦ _ __ m
I ' :^^-^-SS lp;s^u ft ,.,^ M .. c^ , Harked Close to Half Price.
f I \^^*L B w" doSvsavc'ySu^S A; Millin|ry . Hit ! $1,751 . There was a temptation to keep still about" them, put them in . regular stock and make
''A ¦ ¦ - b^L.^/onv'n^dw 0 " J^/TTiJy-- Y^'o'i'a'S .some money. Even then ;the colorings, and patterns would; make^ the ribbons stand out by them-
> i <luc ? pn«> ior a spell-to stim- rf^^b k #^^^i style; t^hc selves— they are so beautiful, so choice, and so much in demand.
\'\ >^^/ IH^^ar 0-°"^ No, It's your, good-willwe're after this month, rather than your dollars. _
; 'em low. .. WB^itMn now - P - rt " We are building, up/- ¦¦; We're v making: ready for the big fall trade that s coming. Well
! !r; ¦ 7 ': "" [' :^^y S Th e ; give you so much for the money now youi^uraljgome back.
\\ \\\ : 3000 Samples ••..>.- rgi^- -'-Iff^ style, is ** So you see, the best ribbons we can find are none too good for such a purpose.
'>'' ! ' MUSlin LJnderWe&r ¦.^$^S^ S^^ We couldn't afford to have an old ribbon— no, not even common styles. Some of these
,'•//'_' r V »**^**** ,^H J™ mo *JT, M _ ¦ >st, dressy. . The draping of that fancy , are so new that many stores haven't got their supply yet.
/ }> ¦ ON SALE MONDAY FOR THE FIRST TIMc. scrim IS ¦ what ; gives them tone cas- r m '¦, ¦• . . - ¦ ¦, ¦, -i/i. i. • '~U*. +« +Vi» fnr+nrit*<z T^f <yr\*
I I ; Perfectly, carefully made pieces, such a 9 only a factory tors, grays, lighf and dark^i^ ' T ° d ° thlS we had to. send our ribbon captain right to the factories. He got
> \ ' would risk their output on. But now they have served their - . "'-¦-» ' :¦¦•-•:¦ ' -» • .'- -. '; '¦'. ' . n \ • , Tk*i 1 T^i^'l. P — «. v C*.^*« 4\*n. T «,«.
; V ) purpose they must K o the way of all samples. There are so IV ,rw 4- • -. ~ rTf^liPSr t.linirP^r KinhOfi^ I llflt L0IT16 00111 tllS LOOHIS
\\ few of a kind and so many kinds the factory men could not ex- IMOtlOnS. 1 1 WJlIOSlj VllUltWil H1I/WU1I3 1UUI WV1UV i l viii niw UVVWJ,
j; ; pect to get their money out of them; a loss is inevitable. .- ; Splendid B U Udin ft -u P Offers. ''\ This is a remarkable ribbon event One for the delight and profit of all San Francisco
, >¦¦ They give it to us because we are good customers of theirs. , We are taking advantage of every remarKaDie riDDOn event, uiit iui wit s r "\.k>\.\j.
j' Samples from *' Samples from ' opportunity to draw you closer to the V Think; of getting - - \ - . #> . > . ... , , . „
\ Biker Underwear Co., Jlhe Under wear Ml*. Co., store. Every one of us hundreds of help- 3^-INCH^LIBEETY SATIN F0R:21c! From regular st .°*/» f^J° ft ,^ ht e J c nd beautlftl1 » only
J ! i RekskiU, N. Y. HorneUsv:l?e,N?Y. : ; . S^^pj^^- possibIe enerRy to j g^^^M^la^^JrfllS turquoise, lilac, navy, etc.
'>\ H^tf iftThirHThnirRamifar Prirac +, ' ~i l5 ' '-Hairpins lOc. SIX-INCH LOUISENE RIBBON FOS 30c. It's a beauty, in all the delicate shades of blue, pink, helio. and so
j llall tU BIIII U IlltJII HeyUial.ri ICe^ i o^ th al f r fl^w a « nd >, pl ,? in> thr e e Inc^ s • on - V Its richness and texture is .without an equal. Plain, solid colors, with a. fine spoke-stitch border.
' I . The materials cbuld not be better, the • trimmings and same Quality that youp C "yl5c WolTen ?or" , Better yet- is this: ;" :
' t workmanship' are such as only come, from these well-kno'wn 1 b"y here Monday and while the. two gross TAFFETA DE CHENE, 5yi INCHES WIDE, FOR 29c. It's the success of the season. It comes right from St.
concerns.. We think so much of the garments that we keep atioc. Etienne; with France's approval stamped on every fiber. Women are after it everywhere to use as a neck rib- '•
A J full regular stocks of«*hem. They're just as fine, womanly ' • ¦ ' . "ose »«;pnoi"ters 12>^c. • bon, and yet in the face of all this we put it on sale Monday under its worth. The solid colored grounds have
* ; garments as one can find anywhere. Because they're marked the^rseTby 3 "pafifij a T ?ln| ove^cfrset stripes on them one-half inch apart.
J at half to third onces should not hurt their reputation or clasp. -The shield is made of heavy sateen -rt ' i t • * • j • iL t -\ *.
1 J " 'prejud'ice you against them. We're not only giving you the stitched and lined. The' hose cannot slip .Perhaps the most interest IS centered in these IOUr lOtS!
j advantage of the reduced prices we paid, but also accepting ° r tear; pretty colors. _._ yarasof crown edge moire rlbbon;f-=7 ; T ' ; —
; smaller commission ourselves for the transaction than we \ . , . ¦ LOT 2= = Cf fl Yfl a good heavy quality. 1 Inch wide; white, These are the Soft Crush nb-
> , usually do in order to make the values as irresistible as pos- \X/li«4->~k /^g«rkr»L'ot«ir %J ** . **• black, pink, light blue, turquoise, cardi- , .. .
>,\{ sible. VV 111 IC VrULSvCI V nal, scarlet, helio, orange. The price is common; it's the quality that is so un- OOflS VOU are all after.
k 1 f " f f "' tVl * ¦-!¦¦- COmmOn. ¦ariaHKMBaaaBBiHaBBMaBm ai
*' GOWnS. Drawees. -. • » v^»l fl e o^ e ,^ nt^,° T^r^nrtinn'- T/1T> J) /L~ ~ \r*4 26°0 yards pure silk wash ribbons, with solid' centers and striped borders: a pat-
¦ HH HH —50c ones for 38c —25c ones for 15c ¦' third tloor. this week. . 1 ne reduction., ±,(J ± fl . Vfl • tern every woman wants, and there are plenty of pinks, light blues, reds, lilacs, as
- ?. ¦ ' ' j; —Tir and 85c ones for 50c ~Vir nnt><! fnr 92c are important, decisive. ' . _ , w : ~ »*••• well as several combined colors. Every yard is fresh and bright, full 1% inchps
,,¦>> - li>c ana etc ones ior auq -<ii>c ones lor uc ...-.,,.¦ „=. c . qmh .,, s ««_ - wide. You would be glad to pay 12%c for it; just what you want for the neck and hair.^ Our price Monday and while it
/ / \ ; —$1 and $1.25 ones for 75c — 50c and 60c ones for 35c v ooc ihamoers z«sc. lasts 6c. . t - :
'! ~~Vo 5 Jlri n <to o? ULe f«* <it Kfi ~~ «f C off «"«^ 7^ , VeietflWe nUhes lie TOT <% v \d s* ** \/^l 6500 yards very neatest fancy neck ribbons; some with ojSenworkVstrlpes. others
H S2 and $2.25 ones for $1.50 —$1 and $1 25 ones for 75c a^n^f? C Jf izJl* IS i5 filter The ¦ LU1 &==1AC 3, YQ. with corded stripes and in plain grounds. Every yard Is -pure' silk^ and comes in
. * ' r — $3 ones fcr $2 —$1.50 ones for $1 Scalloped, 8V2 inches in diameter. Tne *' t r^ ** * **• every good shade, such as blue, pinK, cerise, 'maize, lilac, cardinal, tuxquolse, white.
, ti ; ; t CtC 9-inch ones now 17c. black. ,'' ; ®"
• ! ! j; SkirtS. " l on^nni,7'^fn^ S * ..White Plates 48c Doz. ; T nW t "%nr*> *% \f A Very wide chiffon ribbons. It's a soft crush style so much sought after now.? This
\ * ' —50c ones for 35c -20c ones for 10c in plain. ( LiUl =SS 2OC 3. 1 Q. SOc will make such an impression on every woman that she caa't forget us.'
!' V, -75c ones for 50c -25c ones for 15c Water Pitchers 20c. r X ...
! ; ? ; -$i and $2.25 ones for 75c -50I Tnll forSSc B^iol mSiVcrjSSS It>s a temptation now to keep from buying too much. There's beauty at every, turn— un-
| I! - $U5Oonesfor$f -l? a Tsi%\ 0 n C esfor75 ' ' WMJ^ %™ Wp^™ of economy, too. ¦ g "- • ", ' -
i i ' > , Chemise —$1 and $1.25 ones for 75c W&MMm&r here to give you a bet- . ¦ - . » '
I..;!... -50c ones for 35c SkirtS. " Wf" ' SW^ttln? for^the ' '
¦ , 1 \ \* —75c and 85c one? for 50c — $2 and $2 25 ones for $1.50 Wuil ; r money. y^ m -
1' >' . —$1 and $1.25 cnes for 75c —$2.50 ones for $1.75 <^K2jL Fruit Bowls 20c. L.t | f*T^l I fl Q TflhlP T AVAl^C nf*9flAf*iaC
/j^; -$1.50. oms for $1 -$3 ones for $2 • Glass, plain. 6% V^lll tClIil^, 1 ClUlC vUVCrbj UTdpC Fl t£S»
A\\ I Of co , ur 5 e it ' s , true th ?t such high-grade garments are sel- ¦ SS Si ¦ ? TWs mtK ANOTHER GREAT TIME IN: THE DRAPERY STORE.
/\\Y\v\ dom marked -at these prices. We're building up the muslin « e ouickiy al we have w« * *t. - u , ,. , . '
'"/SKf"Kv\ underwear business this month. We're getting as many " • . . We r e " ot throwing out these values this month just to make business. The drapery business does a flourishing
¦WrKW women in touch with it as we can. ' M fln >c<il nftll nr « o «./ Oa r 7O/. usi " e ss right along. The fact that.so. many people come here for their curtains and drapery supplies without
' wW ' v Men 7 S 3)1. UU Underwear 79C. much to-do. on our part only shows us what we might do if we would^^ make an effort.
Y^'/ ¦ I J 11/ - « Light weight garments, in two shades $1.25 for Lace Curtains. $1.95 iop Lace Curtains Worth S2.5O and fio 7-,
\J JCTTCII Y. UIIU yy UlAsllCsS* drawers silk faced, seams are . overcast. ™"1R ," ° r dlnl " E rMln purpose& Some 500 pairs 97 pairs altogether; s*j .yards long, 50 to^54 inehei Twide: Mark-down
Jtg. . ' ' .. , ¦ „ t . 79C now instead Of $1.00.- so on .ale Monday mornlngr. .. :, Monday morning for the first tlme-$l 95.
»va August's Unusual Attractions. . - .' -45c top Ai»t Velours. ' • Silkoline lOc
¦Jwl; : ¦ Here's the fruit ofmonths of planning and hard work. . An' Unusual Offering of .aSx^nf^T^r '^^^^^^^^^ i-S 1 KSSiT± ll to eo SS ; M£S V^TS^lfF^
<£&*& S, • We are after making our jewelry business the first in X1LT ' «_ V f / 'ro'pleclf t™hooU°frSm^ dr a^.Vd?' hlO ° a. ever .eUs te regular itock now oS «.,p^l"p rt 1^
town, and it takes more than mere saying so to do . it. \/\/ J 'f% ll I T f? k^ • ' -*¦
Fhnn/iWM -We've got the goods; Wve got the variety; we've got TT c **r" m ' »-<«*V'W'47 i « — — —
ULUlWnjy the quality: we've got fair prices; we've got the helpers: New! -.Seasonable! Less than regu- V% *% **A * ~~ i~*^~A. - d* jfjuuos %.
-¦ ¦ ue ve eot all that makes for a big business. You' will all lar prices. .Women everywhere will IxclSilSn L»OflT5 2h ¥ A 72 ¦fit e *** t *' X
*JWAJsMi'/07< find it out in time, but we want to come to power at once. want SO me. It's the' most stirring lace »•*»* v**. *,±j %y m. • J • //l/o/T
A /ir»«M So we are throwing attractions out this month that are ir- ncw<"wp'vp had a rbnw tn nrint for T nnn flmum^UKfi.* 1 -^ t. j t 1 ,, , rio
tO-OPer- ¦ resistible. Hosts of you will come for them, find out we "oTe S ' *' K ' * f fit ' l" g W J th shaped^ b^ cks ? hat s one of the new wrinkles this fall), made of PlfVh
J=tfiYin ¦ can do so much better for you in jewelry fhan any : one K ¦. - -' o >'-¦ - {^Vj)t> a1 ™ 0 ' c< ? ve rt cloths and water proof. Isn't that a fine thing? Coat sleeve ',, ,,,„,
d/IOn else and come back. We're building up a "jewelry busi- Wn«,h Ivfii fu juTnS,*; Ja* in ' W i'm?-'' wlt hturn-back cuffs, waist satin lined. Oxfords, grays, tans. f^ 1 ' 1 •"'•'^l
\min\mm,( ¦ ness this, month. ¦-> *¦ ¦ ¦ d$W *FF&££%!2S SS£*^&^J^!LF% a^g Jiftuir ! B™**
tnWUS' S',00 Watches 75c. AJumlnuni Clocks 90c. "s^c and lOc Laces for 5c. C^ I. Z ' A. 117 • JL J^£SA
fJZGfn* They, are guaranteed for a Guaranteed to be good time- Novelty Val and Point de Paris, V& to 3 jfcHl A 1 11 I ll W I CT C "? ET C F" 1 ' ""i^i,
JCUJ/J year..V J New Haven nickel- P'eces. They have full brass Inches wide; also English torchons and in- -%-, k/I1 *» t ?? CA1^L>^ •»«J^'* KF^iMr'
SlHUHIHIHimif: • Stn e^n-^ed O VsTucfit tK^?Sln.^S!^^ - ACTUALLY WORTH 75c AND O^T , !
-Q, . w^SiJ usually soiru r nd C er O n00 hanIS ,or/ ,, „ r ? « / / " 1 We u^ C rCady , tO back Jt Up with ever * size from * to 4 ° in niadra. or per- 1^"^
-JT///A/- antee it for a year. Usually y • 5W> .. 12^ and I5c/Lacc8 for 8c. ; / ' [ • \\ cale-white or colors. It's such a good thing and so unusual we print a picture ftlll'll'l'i'i'll"!!!!^
*SfUUy ¦ it's $1.00. our price now 75c. $, 5 0 Bracelets far $1.00 i5K?T •t??^^ IS iSStio^ f?! ( (\ ' I ! t ) of -°" e °- f '$* here They f are all the very latest and newest effects-re- Csreflj/-
..'¦¦¦. , .,' «• . -. n. \ acc " '. ¦ 3 "*" v - inches wide— white and butter— in a large \ \) ' V J ce » ve d within the past few days from the factory. How fast they will go!. *"«*#
1 IWHIIIinilliltfWUiL Sterang Silver Thimbles 25c. ;Of h eayy sterling silver selection of bow knot and tulip, leaf and \ X '¦ < v/ Some of them have tucked fronts and backs; some have laundered collars: tieSS
—. / In all sizes. We will en-* chased or • plafn. UsSly 1% f.^oll. designs-Monday for the first V>v . :\i\ Y others stock collars; all of them have new soft cuffs. Plain blues and ox- '> .1 m , ,, m,^
*/ iYY^/fil grave initials on them free of $1.50. . We've made a special " me -_ oc - • • , ; . . 7Xy ; ; I bloods; also black and white and blue and white stripes. s?^
*¦*«-*!*¦*-*£ charge if you want us to. It's value of them beglnning.Mon- , Choice Wash Galoons 9s. / • ; 1 a- n 1 ixr • + ¦
- the best value in thimbles we day $1.00. * Worth regularly 15c and 20c-fthls is the / • I:. 1 I . T , .. ... . , ooc -Percale Waists. /#•«.//«-.
>lt'HHIHlimr ever exploited. K^W* h .« &* ¦?«"!£? SUfSii^S' ° n M °"-' / ¦ ' \\\ *™ %^^^^ /_^,
TTlfimUoh. 25c Photoqraph Frames f6c. stands 48c. A11 fa ncy Nottingham styles In wash / ' i \ - ' 75c— Dimity \Vaists. '"""' " r|1^
m tt\fB wQir ., , • 1. Aluminum, gold-plated; they galoons, straight and serpentine effects— . / I '¦ 1 New c 010 ™. w I th open-work stripes, French backs. Bishop sleeve, soft collars 33 to 33 Afftflf*!/
ntkCtc? Aluminum, gold trimmings, are guaranteed not to tar- white arid ecru. We— instead of asking / • ill - 95c— Madras and Linen Wakts * ' • ' ±yfi<7y
;>gjig£ -lijgptfiBS^i ' - rj -m / ' ! V market stbeet • VV 6ood\
1^7? cjJwg r&ZJ&^S&Jsk *^****^§^<>*> GOOi*^^. Golden Gate. , GOLDEN GATE AYE. M^^^jrh Qoawi ~rZ^^ iWM£?