: *ii V Continued on Page^Two.
Reynolds^ masterpieces and is an ex : j
tremely attractive work, changed hands j
at Christie's auction room nine years. ago
at $55,000. • Mr. Morgan Is now said to have
paid $110,000 for it.
Reynolds painted It in. 1780 for. Lady
Delma, .who was a sister of the then Earl
of Carlisle, and a great beauty... Reynolds
got S1050 for It. ' _ • .-
Editors; En Route to San Francisco.;
. MONTGOMERY.; Ala.. June 21.— The A1-*
abama State Press .-Association after ;'a i
two-days' session, adjournedt to-day and
to-night; a party of /ninety, started "on an
excursion to'San' Francisco/.
the country. l y\
WASHINGTON. June 21.— Officials of
the Japanese Legation were shocked when
Informed of the assassination."' Mr.
Hoshi's service here as Minister lasted
from 1S96 to 1898. He is well known in dip
lomatic and official circles. Before-com
ing here he was prominent in the politics
of his country, and on returning to Japan
he became a member of the Cabinet, serv
ing as Minister of Commerce. -
His official life in Washington arid at
home was marked by vigor and decisive
ness, and "these characteristics brought
YOKOHAMA. June 21.— Hoshi Toru, who
was Minister of Commerce In the last Ito
Cabinet, was stabbed to-day at a meeting
cf the City Assembly and died shortly
afterward. Hoshl Toru was Japanese
Minister at Washington and was formerly
President of the House. The assassina
tion is supposed to have been due to poli
tics.
The assassin of Hoshi Toru Is a man of
about 50. years of age. occupying a good
social and public position. ' He declared
the blow was struck In the interests of
PIEEPONT MOEGAN MAKES
A GREAT, ABT PURCHASE
Pays §110,000 for a Famous Por
trait Group by Sir Joshua .
R eyno 1 f 5 . s.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The World has
this from London: J. Pierpont Morgan
has made another great art purchase. He
has Just Acquired Sir Joshua Reynolds'
famous portrait group*. /'Lady Delma and
Her Daughters." He bought the* picture
from thei dealer, Charles Wertheimer.,
This portrait, which stands high amongr
, "The . marriage / between '; Miss ;; Vivian
Sartoris '. and ' Mr./Archibald:Balfour) will
.not.take'place."// _ 0/ *;./.¦; . '
\ London 1 , society . is '; . completely,'' myatifled."
Nobody. knows: the meaning/of, the sudden
notice and many refuse to; believe' It/ true;
Paidi Announcement .Conveys; Infor
v'mation .That -the \ Engagement
'Is Broken^ -/ •'
' '¦ NEW , YORK,; June . 21.— The.Wbrld . has
this from London: Among /the' paid an
nouncements-in the Morning Post of- to
day appeared this notice:
MISS VIVIAN SARTOEIS
NOT TO / WED B ALFOTJIl
¦ ¦ • ¦ . . . ¦• -.- ¦¦¦',.
him much enmity in certain political cir
cles *of Japan. This resulted '¦ in charges
affecting hi3 integrity, as a member of the
Cabinet, and rather than compromise his
associates by the controversy; he tendered
his resignation and began libel jjj s*ults
against 'his detractors. : Feeling 'ran high"
over this affair, and it Is probably due to
this that the fatality "occurred./ , ;"
't Mr. Hoshi :' is survived'by a witfow /and
one son, the latter nine years old.' 1 He was
48 years/of age.'and besides^his: promi
nence" in politics was a student and a man
of literary accomplishment. '/"
Hoshi Toru, Former Minister to Washington, Is, Stabbed at a
Meeting of the" Yokohama Assembly.
JAPANESE STATESMAN MEETS HIS DEATH
AT THE HANDS OF POLITICAL ASSASSIN
I • NOTED EDUCATOR WHO SAYS
' AMERICANS ARE"? LACKING
j IN INTELLECTUALITY.
¦ Parent was willing to answer . all ques
tions; put to him. and begged that /the
r character • of - Miss Van Ornum might? be
; spared, and also requested that no men
tion be made of the residence of his wif»
.'and 'family.-:-' Parei-t's statement was as
follows:
"I am a mining man ana real estate
dealer. 'I^formerly lived in Seattle and
came to this city six weeks ago. I first
; met Miss Van Ornum In Seattle. We cor-
Parent "Willing to Talk.
The wife and little son of Popper were
not at home when the officers called at
. the , house, , j and were : thus mercifully
spared being witnesses to the traglo
affair. ./ • , , '-' . ,
"Parent, the companion of- Miss Van
Ornum, was taken to police headquarters
yesterday afternoon and detained by or
. der of Captain" Seymour. The man felt hla
position' keenly and wept bitterly when
questioned. After being examined by the
.'chief of detectives Parent made a state
ment to the newspaper reporters and was
released by Captain Saymour. after being
warned not to leave the city. .
commenced ; a- systematic search of tha
flat in '.which; Popper resided. It did not
Jake butV few/ minutes to discover enoagh
evidence/ to . show that Popper>had been
engaged in his unlawful practice for many
years/-'//- .'?¦'".• v
; Popper, maintained a stolid silence while
the detectives were searching his house,
but 'when confronted with the positive
proofs of his -.work, he exclaimed. "Well,
you have the incriminating evidence
against me."
Suicide of 'Accused Kan.
l.Under the pretext of getting an instru
ment: from a small bureau. Popper threw
the detectives off their guard. He stooped
down, . and, as he arose, he exclaimed,
"Well, I've fooled you all." Popper had
drained the contents of a bottle labeled
"carboliaacid," which he had taken from
the inside pocket of his coat, and as ha
sank backward Into a chair, ha threw tha
vial at the feet of the officers.
¦ While; some of the detectives sought to
aid;Popper others hastily telephoned for
a -doctor, /and : finally Dr. A. B. Grossa
answered the call. He administered anti
dotes to Popper, but in a few minutes tha
man who' had feared arrest was lying
dead 'at the feet of the representatives of
the law. For the first time in his career
Deputy.' Coroner Meehan witnessed tha
suicide of ' a man .whom he was destined
I to remove In the morgue wagon.
found in Miss Van Ornum's room, had
been prepared by" him. but defied the de
tectives .to arrest him. The detectives at
once placed Popper under arrest and then
PRINCIPALS IN/THE .TRAGEDY IN WHICH A -WOMAN DIES FROM
USE OF DRUGS - AND THE | MAN ACCUSED OF ADMINISTERING
THE SAME ENDS HIS LIFE. FEARING ARREST.
. fore the End. ' /'
; VICTORIAr B.;C., 'June 21.— News was
brought by the steamer. Victoria, -which 1
sailed from .Yokohama on^ June : 8 and ; ar
rived to-day. ¦ of -the death of ' Hugh Tevis
of San Franclsco'f there on \ June , 6. / With
his.wife he was* staying at the Grand Ho
tel' arid ¦ was taken - ill T with/appendicitis.
He - suffered > considerably ; " a 'doctor/was
called in and it was decided after consult
ation .with other, physicians to operate, but
the operation proved : unsuccessful .'and
Tevis succumbedr../,/^, V* :"/•-"'/¦ - ¦
. Mrs.' Tevis./who; ; with/, her jate ; husband,
made many • friends in the^ Japanese * port,
was prostrated."/ She was to" leave by. the
next San Francisco-bound steamer ./taking
the' remains : of ; her husband to San Fran
cisco. The /Yokohama : papers contain . ; no
detailsof Tevis 1 . illness. ' ..
: ... Million Dollars /for. Churches.
/CHICAGO,^ June' 2L-f Ori-the Rockefeller
and 'i Carnegie l ; plan of colleges
arid Z> libraries ,¦;./ a • -Western , ' benefactor,*
whose 'name*: for_ the ; present is -withheld!"
has * placed /. in ? escrow ; in 'a Denver J, bank
$1,000,000 iirilsecuri ties ; f ori 'the purpose/of
establishing- tpeo'ple's 'churches through
out '. the' country. '.-;/' ¦ / : "/
Late '; San Francisco Millionaire Said
to Have : Suffered Greatly Be-
STEAMER .BRINGS/ NEWS/ ;;^,
OF THE DEATH OF TEVIS
VICTORIA, B.C., June : 21.— News was
received; by the, steamer Victoria,' which
arrived to-day, that plague is becoming
violent in Hongkong,, where up to. the
end of May from the beginning of -the
year 529 Chinese, six other Asiatics and
eight Europeans had • been : attacked , and
495 Chinese had died, as' well as four other
Asiatics and five • whites. •
The China; Mail says it is "Impossible to
deny that the outbreak ; is in/ a virulent
form, arid ; one of 'the serious facts con
nected with/ the" epidemic is. that cases
are found in every part of the "country.
The transport \ Kintuck . and j the steamer
Empress of China are " i quarantined at
Nagasaki, : a Chinese fireman havirig died
on the former, which has 180 United States
soldiers and six" officers "aboard.
¦No particulars were received of the Em
press, but cable advices received here re
port that she /will 'be released on the 24thi
antine Because; of a Suspi
, . , • cious Case.
United States: Transport Is in Quar-
DEATHS FEOM PLAGUE
INCREASE IN' HONGKONG
; NAPIER, Nebr., June 21.— Seven yives |.
were lost in a tornadohere last night, The
killed we're members of trie r Greening. 'arid
Anderson 'families. Thel'casualties are: /
JACOB : GREENING, aged 40, fatally
injured. ; ' v
1 MRS.' JACOB GREENING,' still living,
but riot expected to survive.' ;..;•
.GRACE GREENING, aged 14, seriously. |
Injured.
MARGARET GREENING/ aged ; 7,
killed.'' , : / . ; V • • : ¦
•MAGGIE GREENING, aged 9, killed.
; JOHN GREENING, aged; 4.', killed. - V
JACOB GREENING, aged 2, v killed.
Out of the' Anderson family, of six two
children, Ida and Clara; aged 'respectively
7 and 8. were killed/ and. the' mother and
her. daughter Bertha and son /Theodore,
aged respectively 10 and^ 12 : years/ were
injured. One of these children has' since
died/ August Anderson, the father, was
away- from home at the time.
Carried Long Distances.
Mrs.' Greening's shoulder is, broken. and
she is injured internally. /Grace Greening
is very seriously, hurt, but may survive.
The father of the Greening family :was
founda quarter of -a mile from the house,
badly mangled. Both arms and legs. and
his back were broken. :/ .
Little^ Maggie arid Jacob Greening were
found :C00 yards from where the house '•
stood/They were stripped v. of all their
clothing, but -were not disfigured. The
other, two were close to:the
: house and /were in full view of /their
mother/ and /eldest sister, who, /both" fa-'
tally injured/could see them but render
no assistance. //. ./¦•" t .' : ' V/:- -£'^
sun vwas." shining. ''.iThe* storm' cloud' ap^"
peared at about • 5 • o'clock '; and /traveled
down the KeyaPaha River. ;| It seemed
to rise up and^miss^some houses arid then
swoop down and demolish everything.
The tornado ,was. preceded by a severe,
hailstorm. Stones fell that measured ten
Inches in circumference. • -«- ;..
1 Babe Torn . From ' Her Arm's. .
Mrs. Anderson took* refuge under a> bank
near her home with three children. - : ; '
;• "Iisaw the cloud -coming," she; said^
"and I; grabbed the,'- youngest child r and
took two with /vine:? When the. storm
struck the house rt took it right Into the
air and that was, the last of it. I hurried
to my. children,' but the storm took two
of them away from' me and killed them.
I laid down and -held riiy baby. The/wind
also ' took . it away from me. A-tlriitier
struck me and broke my shoulder./ After
the storm "all my "clothes and. my shoes
and stockings were gone."
The big wagon bridge 'across the Keya
Paha River". was completely, destroyed.
¦ . *^^*"" '» . ¦ .:
: sf*^ NB- of the. most sensational trage
fi II dies ever' enacted . in this city ; oc-
'curred yesterday when* Miss -Viola
Van '.: Ornum/, -a' pretty, nurse'
.whose' home" was -in ¦Chico. "died : . at; the
City Receiving Hospital from ;the iise of
medicines taken forlan unlawful purpose,
her death being followed, by .'; the - dellber-';
ate suicide,, in .the presence of ''detectives ',¦
of , asred >."Dr." -Victor' 'Popper/ who was ,
accused of : prescribing the drugs for the*
unfortunate woman. ; ._¦ • •
v C, H. Parent, a 'real " estate dealer and
mining man, who has an office in. the Mills
building, -was. exposed -by. the' tragedy as
having, led_ a^b^fel.e JJlfe v ** .WJjil^h^^wifg
arid^ i 'residing r ln Los^Arigeles"."
he, was Hying* with Miss Van 'Ornum at 107
Taylor street. ;•" . '
./Popper/ who committed suicide. on learn
ing'of the death of Miss Van Ornum,' had
evidently contemplated ' self-destruction
for" iriaYiy. years, /judging by the : letters •
foundin'his home after his body was re
moved to the Morgue and* by an irony of
fate, placed on a" slab beside that of the
young woman whose death > was laid at
his door. ,: v : . '
Captain _of Detective3 Seymour ; and, the
men. of 'his office * had; but little difficulty
in securing all the eviderice laid bare by,
the tragedy. Although two of the princi- .
pals had met violent deaths, Parent, the
third actor in' the affair,- was 'induced j to
tell J all -• he"? knew. ' Further ¦¦ investigation ;
furnished the missing blinks in ; the sa*d'.
drama of real life.': /
gJ^3^n^Re^e^inJcili^ ;
Viola Van Ornum was a '* resident .of !
Chico and was a graduated nurse from a
hospital. year ago,' while engaged in I
her . prof essional -v^ork in the city of, Se
attle, she made the acquaintance' of, C.H. ;
Parent, a 'mining .• man and . real -estate
dealer. .Parent is a man about 50 years
of age and his wife resides in Los Angeles
on account of^ the state ' of her^health.
Parent ana Miss. Van Ornum became ;Very
friendly ' and when the" woman returned j
¦from the north the . two ; maintained a.
steady correspondence.- . - ; - •. • ¦'
Some weeks I ago •. Parent visited Miss.
Van Ornum . at ChicqVand \ then he came
to this city, ; intending 'to settle here : in
business. When Miss IVan^ Ornum came
to this city three" weeks^ ago Parent 'met
her at the Ferry 'depot and; took j her. to'
his rooms 'at l67 Taylor' street, where he
introduced the . young womanas! his wife.
For almost, three weeks Parent and i Miss
Van Orriurii- passed as husband and \ wif e;
until the grim reaper stepped in arid sud
denly ended their illicit .?elatftms;
A few : days\ago Miss Van Ornum;in
formed Parent that she was worried as to
herJ conditlori and that she intended to see
a doctor. ¦¦"¦'.Understanding well ,the serious
nature of 'the .proposition.she made, ¦ Par
ent claims that ¦ he warned her against
such a proceeding.
- Sought Aid of Popper. .
. Parent claims that a few days Miss Van
Ornum" informed '¦ him \ that ¦ she had : called
on "Dr." Victor . Popper, at 1514; Devisa-"
dero street, -and had, secured a (quantity
of drugs to -be -used for her, relief.;.; Par
ent • insists 5 that f he ; again ,. .warned } her
against 'the use of the medicines, and that
Miss • Van i Ornurii • agreed " to return .them
to the man she^had' purchased them _f rom. :
Parent asserts Popper then had 'as
sured Miss Van Ornum that his medicines
were 'i harmless arid [. that'-. they Wre used
by thousands of ..women. ¦ Parent told ¦ the
police ; yesterday, that Miss /Van ; Ornum
had informed him that Popper had shown
her testimonials from hisi clients and; also
his" express company's books in order; to
prove'' to : her';- that ¦ he \ was doing, a '¦[ big*
business arid: that his remedies were well
thought of. {$Gh£9bS"P "-''-'-"-* • '
¦ : The 'drugs furnished by; Popper to ; Miss
Van : Ofrium Vere : therefore/, used ; byy the
unfortunate ; woman ? and ' herj death * adds •
but another riarrie to: ; the large list" of ,vic-.,
tinis of those who thrive by^ this u'nlaw'
ful practice. ',':/"¦/¦': . . ;
?'•. Thursday i*"inornins . Parent -left ; his ¦ room
with/Mlss;Van Ornum "and r to6k;breakfast
iri-'a^ restaurant - on" Market /street. He
parted. '. from" her * and /downtown ? on
buslriessVagreeirigto meet her inhis rooria 1
In/the; afternoon//' /' . >./: - ; -' ; . j >: : ;. . ¦
¦ : AtT2:30 p../m!'. vThursday.JjMlss ; Van Or
jium" was i: found * by ;' the ; landlady .'of the '
house. at 107. Taylor; street -lying on .the
floor^bf the room she occupied with Par
ent. . The : landlady ; had been attracted by
screams, ' arid when she discovered Miss
"Van Ornum - the latter was writhing in
pain and'unable to talk. The police were
'called and fan .ambulance was summoned
from the V City Receiving -, Hospital, y Dr.
Thrasher arrived with the'ambulance and
removed 'Miss -Van '\ Ornum to J the hospi
tal, -i It is claimed that . Police Officer > Joy;
who had been- -first .: summoned ; to the
house, positively refused to assist the hos
pital, people in removing. Miss Van Ornum •
from her room to "Ihe ambulance',' and his
actions will be investigated by ' Chief Sul
livan. . •, .
yT. Died at' Beceiving Hospital.
At the Receiving Hospital Miss Van Or
numSwas treated 7 by Dr. Morgan. ;He :
found her unable to speak and in an hys-.
terical state. Suspecting <hat she 1 , was
suffering from .poison, the stomach pump
was applied, but the patient showed no/
signs of rallying. She was so violent that',
it was necessary to strap her to a cot. ¦
"When Parent arrived \ at. his . room on
Thursday afternoon he was surprised to .
learn of what had happened to Miss .Van-
Ornum. He hastened 'to - the Receiving
I Hospital and gave certain information ¦ to •
the doctors. AH that was .possible was
done by the physicians for the' suffering
woman,, but she 'slowly 'sank and died at
6 a.~ m. yesterday, Parent having remained
by; her side -all through the i night. ;-;V T
:•- As soon as Mis3- Van Ornumfdied [ the"
Coroner, was notified and Deputy Coroner
Meehan s was" sent out. to secure the body
of , the dead ' woman and also to make an
.investigation. ; Parent told the .Deputy •
- Coroner his story and showed'- him the
bottles of jnedicine used by Miss Van Or
num.' In ¦ the ; dead woman's pocketbook
the deputy found a" card 'of Dr. V. Popper.
Detectives Confront Popper.
/Accompanied by Detective T. Dillon,"* the
• Deputy Coroner.' proceeded to the ' house
fof Popper at 1514 Devisadero street.' Pop
•' per ; was told ¦ of, thie [death of Miss : Van
i Ornum,' but he declined' to give anyjnfdr—
mation. .He desired to speak to.the;Dcp
,uty Coroner alone; .but • would not do^so
in the '<presence of. Detective Dillon. The
•actions of Popper caused Detective Dillon
to, ask ;the Deputy Coroner, to telephone
• to jCaptaln SeynTour, and the latterat once
; sent ;" Deteptives "Wren and Baileys to .the
house with instructions ! to 'arrest' Popper
arid bring him to police headquarters.
/-"While Deputy Coroner Meehan was, tele
phoning to Captain ;¦ Seymour,*: Detective
remained by the side of Popper ami
: was ; with ; him . when .'the other officers ar
rivedlat the ; house.^:. r
• Af ter^- a : number of '¦ had been
.put » to Popper he . adrnitted . that the,bot
'.'.tleaVof ¦: medicine and ' the • labels on'thenC
ances, let us also recognize the 'far less
pleasing- fact that in letters, science and
iphilosopliy we occupy at the present' time
a position distinctly inferior -to., that: of
European countries, and in all our :' his
tory have no name to compare with their
greatest. ¦•/¦/•'
. "In all things material we are the win
ning empire of the world; in things of in
tellect we still live on the bounty - of Eu-
talitles of our educational work. Nay.
the product/ so far as general average is
concerned, is also a subject for congratu
lation.
?'The Indictment lies elsewhere. It is
that, while in the industrial sphere we
have developed, world leaders, in the in
tellectual we are content to be underlings.
In art. in literature, in scholarship, in
science, we are a long- way behind Eu
rope.
— — « : . ' . .-.'.,,¦:
Asserts That While the Western Hemisphere Leads in All Things
Material It Has Yet to Produce a Genius Whose Name Will
Shine With Those of Raphael,. Shakespeare, Goethe and Darwin
Nebraska Torn ado Car
ries Death to Many ;o ,
/Persons: ;-¦:-¦: ".';: ! .
Victims Are Hurled.LongDis
" tances From Wrecked ¦
/. •.¦:;¦:.'• Dwellings." : ;
GALE BLOTS
OUT HOMES
AND LIVES
PRESIDENT OF CORNELL UNI VERSITY
SAYS THAT AMERICA IS FAR BEHIND
EUROPE IN HIGHER INTELLECTUALITY
VOLUME XC— NO. 22. <
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY,; JUNE 22, '1901.
D R. VI CTOR POPPE R ENDS HIS LIFE
I N PRESE NCE OF DETECTI VES WHEN
ACCUSED OF CAUSING WOMAN'S DEATH
%',-¦'.' ¦ ¦'¦ , • ¦ ~' : .~- : - ' ' ¦ ' '. ¦¦: : •¦ .-*'. / ¦ ~^ ¦ . . . ¦ "'. ¦ -
Viola Van (Drnurn, a Trained Nurse,: Dies From Effects of Drugs at
Gity Receiving, Hospital, After Removal From the Rooms of
G. H. Parent, a Mining Man, Formerly a 1 Resident of Seattle
The San Francisco Call
6f Two i Families Nine Members Are,
Killed and the Others Badly , ¦/
¦'/"¦:¦.. *, Injured: ;// .^W
ITHACA, rs. T., June 21.— President
Schurman of Cornell .-University, in
his a.ddress to the graduatirigclass",
praised American millionaires, who
hold their wealth as stewards of the
people, mentioning Carnegie and < Rocke
feller. He declared, however, that, ', save
in politics and invention, America was
far behind the countries of Europe, es
pecially in the domain ef higher culture.
President Schurman said in part:"
" "Look at the gifts which Mr. Rockefel
ler and Mr. Carnegie are making for
churches, schools, colleges," universities
*and libraries— gifts which assume the pro
portions of millions of dollars for a sin
gle object. Mr. Carnegie, preaches the
gospel of wealth, which makes it a dis
grace for a man to die rich; and. if he
li\-es long enough to carry out his pur
poses, I doubt not his life will "illustrate
his teaching.
"That our richest men have come to re
gard wealth as a trust which they hold
for the benefit of their fellovr-men may be
regarded by the future historian of Amer
ican civilization as the most significant
feature of our day. The American habit
of giving to coileges and ' universities is
one of the two most encouraging features
of our intellectual life. The other is the
public school, In which the children of the
people are freely educated at the "expense
of the people.
Lacking in Higher Culture!
"Undoubtedly we may well be proud of
all the material egencies and instrumen-
"Let me speak with the utmost frank
ness. Apart from the domain of politics.
Invention and trade, America has • not
produced a single man or woman whose
name will- shine in the intellectual firma
ment with ; Raphael, Shakespeare, Coper
nicus, Newton, La - Place, Goethe and
Darwin. *f*
"While we congratulate ourselves on the
prosperity of the nation, on the benefi
cence of its rich men, on the multitude of
our schools, colleges and universities, and
the variety of excellence of their appli-
When questioned to-night regarding the
'statements In his commencement address,
President Schurman said:'
"It is undoubtedly true that An America
there „. have been first y class creative
productions, of the human mind like those
of -Dante, , Shakespeare, ."Goethe , and/Dar
'been- compellf^rto
be ¦ witrii- literary productions "of,
the' second class and with devefcplng to
the highest degree the mechanical or in
dustrial arts. The fact is, however, that
ioare living on Europe for the best there
is in poetry, art, literature and science,
and the great danger Js :that ;we • are apt
to-be content to go on living on ' Europe
and neglect to use our own . creative in
stinct^. Therein lies the greatest danger.'
The Chinese had the rudiments of science
centuries before Europe's greatest gen
iuses rose and gave them these rudiments.
The/ Chinese did not use their own cre
ative genius for higher development, and
therein lies the cause of their low stand
ard of civilization to-day."
"How, then, would you raise this stand
ard In America?" asked' the representa
tive of The Call.
; Where Lies the Remedy.
"Before any betterment can be expect
ed," replied President 'Schurman, , "we
must come to realize that we do occupy
an Inferior place in this sphere of culture.
"We must forget the fact that in many
things we lead the Old World, and this is
the hardest thing for us to do. When I
made this statement in my address an
alumnus of this university was so indig
nant that he said. to a friend who repeat
ed it to me that I had better go to Eu
rope and live there if I thought it so much
better than America. Realizing our posi
tion then, X would say that I believe that
the hope of the country is in its colleges
and universities. Education will- not pro-,
duco, genius, but it will /nurture and tend
to develop it. It is impossible to say how
many generations it would take to put
America in her proper position. It may
take fifty years or it x may take 500." 'WE have carefullx examined San Francisco harbor dur
ing: the past three days, and I think the members of -
the committee understand its possibilities and its needs
as M-cll as any harbor in the country. ' '
It Trould he but of place to forecast any probable
recommendation of the committee next -winter," but
nmontr the projects pertaining: to San Francisco har
bor and channels in the neighborhood trhlch will re
ceive consideration at the next session Trill bei ; ''.':
First— Mile Rock. Some years a so a survey was made of .this.' .
_ rock with a vlevr to its removal, and it was reported that it \
would be unadvisable to do so. One reason for this decision was . '
the probability that the blowing- out of the rocks which are yisi-_ '
hie above water -would increase the danger of vessels running
on other, rocks -which are below low water mark. It is evident*""
that if this rock Is not removed better provision should be made .
either by a foj? -whistle or by a more adeauate bell 'buoy so that ".
mariners can be -warned when they are approaching it. . " .
Second— Blossom Rock. It has been- frequently asserted to n% .
at WashlnsTton that this rock wan not an .obstacle to navigation.
We have carefully examnied the ¦ locality and, think that 'it is.
Third— The shoal off Fort Pinole at the entrance to Carqnlnez '
Straits. . .."¦'"• ¦ %£* ._>'
Fourth— Oakland harbor or San 'Antonio estuary.
Fifth \apa Hiver. . : . . .
Sixth — Petalunia Creek. -.!V-v '• ¦ ¦ ' • ~.
The mouth of \n pa River, Mare Island.. Strait, being: near to,
the .Vavj- Yard, has been under improvement under the' direction
of the Xavy Department, and appropriations have been^mode for
dredsrlns: there in the naval appropriation bill. It is doubtful
whether our committee •will have to do with • this locality. • The' '*>
problem presented there ivonld seem to present considerable dif- V;
ficulty and the results thus far obtained have not been altogether ¦£-¦
Katififactory. • ¦ .: . - ¦ , ¦ ' ¦ '*•
Speaklnic for myself, I have thought for some time that some ''
rivers and harbors in. California have not received that recogni- ',¦
. tlon -which they deserve. This opinion has been confirmed by per- ']
tconal inspection, but the. question also arises whether money has -.
not been expended for improvements frhich should not have been
inaugurated. * . .
In leaving: the city, I am snre that every member of the com
mittee -will take away the most .pleasant recollections of. San
Francisco and the neighboring towns. The hospitable "welcome ""'
'extended to us has been most prratlfyinjc and it Is a source of sin
cere reerret to us that we cannot remain for a longer time. '
. v T: E. BURTOJf.
itGngressmen in vynpse. Hands Is the rate of River and
C Harbor Improvements-Give Close and Earned
¦ vr tolButyl and E)o Jsjot:^ Follow Junketing-Trip Traditions
BURTON GIVES HINT
OF FINAL RESULTS
INSTRUCTIVE TRIP ALONG WATER FRONT AND EXCURSION
TO PETALUM A COMPLETE WORK HERE OF THE COMMITTEE
REEVES HAS WORD
OF ENCOURAGEMENT
UR- committee Ha. to do ~i«» thta*. commercial tielm
/\proVement of commercial facUltie. ot •« coontry. What
B ' I 1 " ar WlU therefore *e confined to matter, pertaining
H W thereto. ' • ', , r-.vvV VIV.-V: Vj -..¦',>'•
* V^A Tl»e United State*, England, Germanr, franco and
Russia are eacH In Urn war lar*e anrplns producing na
tions. England wu the first o« the firreat nations to see
the necewlty of providing a fntnre market for her •«.
pin- product- and the ln.tltnted her colonial iyitem bywliichilie
soverts to-day over three Hundred million, o* people. France
was' second to see this necessity, and to-day her colonies contain
fifty millions of people. Germany has entered the race and her
colonie. contain three million, ot people. **«»¦** **• •¦ *™*~
mou. territory and population. The United . State., in common
.. these countries? now look: to Eastern Asia as the fnture mar
ket place for surplus products, j, -. '"i-i**
For a Hundred rear, prior to 1SOT our export, exceeded our
imports Hy about *383,OOO,OOO in Tnlne. For tne tnree year, .uc
ceeding that period our exports exceeded our Imports by fl,
483,000,000 in value. Our exports for the year ending: Jnne,. 1000,
xvam atoout $1,400,000,000 m value.
Our necessities require tHat TTfr .Hall maintain all posslole
opportunities and advantages for our commerce In the East. The
Paciflc Ocean Is this commercial highway and San Francisco at
lea«t the principal gateway. The commerce of. this harbor will.
' my judgment, exceed all present expectation.. The facilities
of this harbor must not only be sufficient for San Franciseo and
r mirnia bnt must meet the requirements of all of our country
f lunrlentaltrade. I do not believe that Con K re»» Trill fall
¦ in- this. Oriental WALTER REEVES.
,to appreciate the situation.
•.TH:E;:.'SA]sr^.{FiiA]srciscb^ '0a^M^^3M^W^M^^^B^^^3
hearts for their hosts of the day. .
The committee .embarked on the Slocum
at 10' o'clock. With them for the day's
trip were Congressmen"' Woods It and
Coombs, William M. Bunker and Major
Heuer. Assemblyman F. A. Cromwell/
John A. McNear and George P. McNear
were aboard as a committee from Peta
luma. •
The run down to ' Hunters Point was
fraught "with great Interest for the mem
bers of the committee. On the return trip
and the continuance of the excursion out
around Meiggs Wharf, past Blossom
Rock, Black Point, Fort Point. Mile Rock
and out close to Seal Rocks their interest
never lagged. . ' \
The Slocum swung to starboard outside
the Heads and ran in as close to : Seal
Rocks as safety would' permit and then
circled around In the opposite '¦ direction
The following "committee of Petaluma
citizens was on the Gold to escort the
Congressmen up to the creek of the town:
Mayor H. CltyTrustees W. H.
Veale, M. Walsh, Alex Anderson and Jacob
Nisson: President of 'the Board of Trade
George P. McNear, V. A. Cromwell, John A.
McNear, • Colonel ¦ D. , B. Fairbanks, ' E. E.
Drees, J. L. Dlnwiddie. William Hill, MV. B.
Haskell, Captain N. Gould. ,F. M. Cplllns.
The steamer Gold was In ¦waiting 1 with
a committee froni Petaluma' aboard.' The
Slocum could not . approach the landing,,
so the Gold steamed alongside and the
two vessels were made fast to each other
while the Slocum's passengers were trans
ferred, to 'th&.rlver steamer. / ¦ . '
and came back under the lee of Point Bo
nita. Once back in the bay, the tug
steamed by the most direct route to Mc-
Nears Landing or Point Pedro.
THE water front of San Fran
cisco was inspected by the Riv
ers and Harbors Committee yes
terday from aboard the Slocum
as that stately craft steamed
along from the transport wharf
to Hunters Point and back again
and out to the heads. The Congressmen
saw dock- after dock crowded with ship
ping. Great steamships and huge sailing
vessels from tne four corners of the earth
lay at the wharves discharging valuable
cargoes, while others swung at anchor in
the stream, waiting for room to be made
for them to dock.
In ' many respects this trip along- the
docks was the most important to Cali
fornia's commercial interests of all that
the committee has made. In the main
prior trips have been over courses where
magnificent possibilities were more in evi
dence than present achievements. But
yesterday the visiting legislators saw ma
terial evidence that Is the best prophecy
of what the future has in store for this
port. v
The Congressmen were keenly alert and
frequently gave expression to astonish
ment. -
Chairman Burton was most deeply im
pressed with the possibilities of the ex
pansion of San Francisco's shipping facil
ities by the extension of the seawall
southward and the building of new docks.
He said that apparently no -serious ob
stacles to such expansion existed between
the present southerly end of the seawall
and Hunters Point, and he grew enthusi
astic in contemplation of the time when
ships would be at dock in continuous line
from Melggs wharf to Hunters Point, bus
ily discharging and loading cargoes, in
pursuit of the carrying trade of the Ori
ent.
Congressman Walter Reeves, who, by
the way, missed the Republican nomina
tion for Governor of Illinois at the last
State convention only by a narrow, mar
eln and who ranks high among the ablest
men of the House of Representatives,
was particularly impressed with the mag
nitude of the port's present shipping. He
paid that any one familiar with ocean
commerce would say that San Francisco
had a population of a million if he should
form his opinion from a view of the water
front alone.
UFE BREATHED
INTO DEAD FACTS
The visit of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee has proved of prime impor
tance to San Francisco and the State.
The members of the committee were as
¦well informed as to conditions and needs
of local shipping interests as men could
be rfrom the study of maps and chart?,
memorials and addresses. They have
come to San Francisco and have seen the
bay and its tributaries. . Life has been
breathed Into dead facts. The Congress
men of the committee know the grand
stretch of the harbor and the importance
of the port of San Francisco as they could
learn to knew it by no other -means.
The industry of the committee and Its
conscientious attention to the business of
t-he trip will be to a large degree responsi
ble for whatever benefits may accrue to
this region. The committee has not made
a junketing trip. • The members • have
¦worked with an earnestness rarely dis
played by a Congressional committee,
Every day has been devoted to serious
business, and a rich fund of information,
•will be taken back. to Washington to aid
In wise and helpful legislation for river
and harbor Improvements.
PETALUMA DOES •
HONORS OF DAY
The trip along the water front yesterday
¦was followed by a trip up Petaluma
Creek. Entertainment for the day was
provided by the people of Petaluma and
they did the honors with both tact and
lavishness, and sent the members of the"
committee back with warm spots in their.
Dfi, VICTOR POPPER ENDS HIS LIFE IN PRES£NCE OF DETECTIVES WHEN ACCUSED
SNAPSHOTS : TAKEN I \ DURING
| TRIP \ OF : RIVERS AND HAR
BORS COMMITTEE. " ¦ .:
of -Miss. Van Ornum until she died this
morning. * I -asked the , doctor to tele
praph : to Miss Van Ornum's parents . at
Ghlcoand he d^d so.. Tu.s is a terrible af
fair, and it -will cloud my life." I am will
ing to': tell -all I know on this matter and
keep 'nothing' back." . . .
., -Popper Contemplated Suicide. _,
•It Is. evident that Popper had for
many, years' contemplated ending his life
If he was 'arrested, • judging from the let
ters found, in his ; house after -his suicide
yesieroay. The letters are dated, in Sep
tember, 1S91. and the ¦ dates have been
changed many times. All the letters ret er.
to his death, i and - some of | them' are ad
dressed to his wife, 'asking her -not "to
:no«rn for him, and thanking her for. her
kin4 treatment of him." . '•
-In one letter the writer says, "If: I die
suddenly it would be for, your own good.".
In another letter Popper asks that "the
following advice how. to treat wives" be
published in the papers .'/after my death."
-, A third letter-reads as follows: .
"September 20. 1S98: For' the sake of
my- dear, wife, Fannie, in case of : my
death, it Is my will and wish to be buried
from the Morgue, and not brought home.
My wife " will pay the funeral > expenses.
¦"DH V. POPPER, 323 Kearny Street.'^
¦ Last evening Dr. Bacigalupl . performed
an autopsy on the body of Miss Van Or
num at the Morgue. .The .stomach was
removed and. the contents will be exam
ined by Dr. Frank Green, the City Chem
ist. The autopsy revealed. the condition
ot ll:e <ieccased woman to be as suspect
ed by the r tilice. * . .- . -> :."'
An 'autopsy wiilbe'held to-day J'jn the
Hody of- Popper. . It is thought that the
carbolic add he swallowed, contained
norphlne, as he never moved after drink
:: ¦'. ,- '-, :, r, ¦¦::..: -l.y. .-
I:tK the - fatal draught, i Certain" burns on
tl.«! rucuth of Miss Van Ornum Jead tu
llic belief that she drank from one -'of the
bottles containing; a drug intended to be
¦used for.,' external purposes.-; - .. ...
• ¦ Popper Had. a Bad Record. . r •';
' For the past quarter of a century. "Dr."-
Victor. Popper . has., been a ; character,, in'
the shady side of the history, of this city.
'.Jt was knewn tp the -Police t Department
that "his practice: was of a- criminal' na
ture, but' evidence-; sufficient to j convict
him could never be secured. His practice
was not confined 1 to this ' city t alone, but
extended -air over the State; • and ' even to
the people of the adjoining States. > -i ¦-. [
. In the neighborhood of 'his home on De
visadero street little is known of his past
life. He ' had ,i no ' intimates ¦ and- seldom
could be induced to speak of his personal
affairs. His reputation, was such,- how
•cver.'that^few of his neighbors,* especially,
of ;", the medical: fraternity,; could .be in
duced to have anything to-do with -him.
Fcr dbout twelveyears he had .an office
at 318 Kearny street and advertised him
self-as- a chiropodist;, but was. principally,
engaged in disposing of fake" remedies.
About' two years ago' he removed his of
lie* to 14 Mason street, where he remained
until about a month 'ago; when he: estab
lished his headquarters In ; his : residence,
13: • Devisadero street. : In speaking to 'a
n'^jrhhor. concerning the chanTfvhe stated
thst he-could noclonger defray/the ex
pe ¦«?¦ of a' downtown office.I.' ¦'• •- j'. - ••" '-r.:v
», Popper, .was about: 72 years of afire. sHe
leaves, a wife, and -one: child; a- boy., about
10 "years: : General ; regret is felt; for 'Mrs.'
Popper,- who Is - considered , an : estimable
woman, by. all who .know -her.' < ¦ - .
; When ; the • police < came to ¦• search '< the
bouses for. evidence 'of Popper's criminal
Continued from, Page Oiie.
responded when -she left' there; and ..re
turned to her home. I was up In Chico,to,
Bee her a few months ago. She came here
three weeks ' since =and l met nerat the'
ferry depot. J. took her to my rooms and
introduced 'her as my wife. My wife lives
In Los Angeles and is a sick woman.- I
.do not know anything as to the cause of
Miss Van Ornum's death. She told me a
few days ago that she lntende'J seeing a
doctor for a certain- purpose: •• I warned
her not to do so. . She insisted, . however,
and took the names of some doctors from
an evening newspaper. She" came -bade
to my room and said ehe had seen a doc
tor, and showed, me some bottles of medi
cine. • ' '
"I again -warned her not to tiss themedi-
cine, and she said she would go back and
»<r« the doctor and return the stuff to him.
Then Ehe came home and said the doctor
had assured her that the medicine was
harmless and that he ' had ;-: shown ¦: her
many testimonials from some of his pa
trons. I again -warned her not to use the
medicines, but she said she would do so.
I dkl not see her take any of the medi-.
cine or use any of it. She had three bot
tles. I lfclt her on Thursday morning and
she was In good health. She Intended go
ing to Seattle In a few. days to resume
her work. On Thursday afternoon when
I returnto to my room I found my door'
locked.' The landlady came up ( and said
Bomethlng terrible had happened. . .She
Informed me that the lady (Miss Van Or
num) hafi been taken to the hospital and
that phe had been found on the floor
writhing. In pain and that her screams
had attracted attention. I went to r the7
iLOEDital at once and stayed by the side
Additional; Schoolroom Plans.
. The : Board '"of -Education i held ; a" special
meeting yesterday.- and' accepted; the plans
submitted by , the , Bo"ard r of :»Works
for adding. another, story. to>. the Fremont
schoolhouse. ;, Amended Q plans gwere also
accepted - for ; an ¦ additional story to*, the
Sherman -Primary School.; "A .
Cadets Present ' Amusing Farce.
, The .second production of .the, ''Closing
Exercises 'of ;' ; the .Hayes" Valley- High
School," by. the : League of the Cross Ca
dets," attracted; and pleased a large crowd
at Native Sons', Hall last night. The slng
ingwas goodand the:workof the come
dians' excellent. :¦, The sketch '"Quo Vadls
Up to' Date 'was cleverly - rendered by J.
• E. • McCormick and F. ' Av Gllson. \
»-¦•¦-: ! - ¦.¦•.¦..¦¦"''¦¦.•¦.¦¦- •¦:¦' i -¦¦¦- .-.--- ;¦¦•¦;¦? :'.-.' ¦'."¦•• '
Poles Outside of Fire- Limits,
The > Board 0 of 'Works : yesterday V asked
the , City; Attorney for" an opinion' whether
It ' has ; the"; power, to; issue .a'permlt; with
out express authorization from' the Board
of • Supervisors ; for. 1 the J erection r of i poles
outsidethe fire limits, to be used to carry
the : electric i light \ wires I' of » the"! Standard
Klectric ~ Company. , :„ The < first *• line : to ¦¦ be
erected 1 . 'commences at- the. boundary 'of
Ban Francisco and San Mateo counties at
Temple street, 5 1 to : San > Bruno avenue, : to
Steuben^-: street; !». to ¦; Vermont '•; street. '.-'¦ to
Channel' and ; Eighth* streets,- to : Brannan
and Fourth. . streets, y • ; ¦ *: ; v '
practice Mrs. Popper and: her! little son
were just leaving to visit some friends.
It "was not until she-returned -that ! ahe
learned , the ' terrible fate of her husband,
and by that time the body had .been re
moved to . the i Morgue. ? On-- learning ¦ the
news Mrs.: Popper; fainted. She was car
ried'into the house, where kind neighbors
did everything in their. power to relieve
her suffering. , •-, * * -.. ' - . -- .
It was learned last night : at' Shumate's
drug storey at the corner of • Butter: and
Devisadero streets, where ; the was
purchased,. • that • on /one occasion v\ "Dr.','
Popper . had Informed . a ' medical
tioner* who i was ' an ¦ acquaintance of his
that -If he ¦ ever • got 'In . any trouble'' h«
would end. his life. by ; committing suicide.
On that occasion he explained that he for
years had been a sufferer from a compli
cation: of kidney troubles and that- he did
not care for : life, : at least ; not .sufficiently
to , f continue living : If - he : "had .to bear
trouble. :••. ; In all ' probability .he continually
carried the carbolic acid," waiting for just
such an occasion. V ..-. ¦'.¦ • : > \
Biamond. Watch Charm by
; - .'•• : th<i Cliib. '¦¦¦¦¦
Art. S.. Newbursrh. N. S. Frost. Dr. C. E.
Reed;. J. B. Burdell, H. E. Lawrence, F. A.
Meyer, J. E. Olmsted, M.-D. Hopkins, E. S.
Lippltt and L. C. Byce. . . .;¦", * ¦'.¦' :'',:' •;-
IMPORTANCE OF
"'CREEK TO TRADE
During the trip .up the creek the import
ance of the waterway to the people of the
valley was explained; to the. Congressmen.
Railroad freight' rates to San Francisco
are determined* by j and j schooner ¦
rates," for a region fifty miles beyond
Petaluma,'* including Cloverdale, : - Healds
burg and Santa Rosa. As a result of the
steamer competition this fertile country,
enjoys most reasonable freight; rates, and.
CAI^EDONIAITS HONOB ' ¦¦¦• :'-V- ; ;
. ' EX-CHIEF JOHN REID
Presented With "a 'Beautiful Gold and
-A large number of the : members of the
Caledonian Club met in Scottish Hall last
night to bid bon.vqyage.to ex-Chief John
Reid, who leaves in ; a few days with his
wife, -daughter andson ¦ on. an extended
visit to'his birthplace in Scotland.;.. It was
made the occasion of the presentation to
the ¦ ex-chief " of i as beautiful gold ;.- watch
charm. " On the obverse ' side was' the' lion
rampant with the, .letters '"CCS. ;<F."
and al large diamond at the lion's head.
On^the .reverse side was .the Inscription:
"Presented to Ex-Chief John Reid by the
Caledonian Club of . San Francisco, June
21 1901."' '¦ ' ..'. '¦¦'.-. ¦ ', ;¦•'
The presentation -was made, at the re
quest of Chief A. M. Macpherson, by ex-
Chief DAB; -McNeil' in, a neat eulogistic
speech and j he was followed the same
strain by ' ex-Chief •; Colin M. ' Boyd^James
McNab.'- Colonel ,: C. :Iil Taylor Charles
Morrison and: R. ! Gratto. v 'Music, on tiie
bagpipes i was supplied '< by . Neil Lindsay,
piper of -therclub, who;is also soon-to
leave Wa; visit to Scotland. Songs were
rendered by First Chieftain ' Andrew Mc-
Nair, D.' R.-Finnie and others.- John. Mc-
Laren delivered an interesting address on
Stirling, and its 'historic surroundings.
a surprisingly large tonnage of freight is
moved by way of the' creek and bay. And
while the tonnage is great, the value of
the freight is much beyond what* the ton
nage would indicate, as eggs and dairy
products, silk, shoes and tannery products
form a large part-'of many, of the cargoes
B£ The people of Petaluma ask an appro
priation of $4000 to deepen the channel to
four feet at low water.. There are many
shoals now where the depth la but a few
inches at low water, and probably six
miles of the sixteen has a depth of less
than four feet at low water. ..
At Petaluma carry-alls were In waiting
and the visitors were driven to the Ameri
can Hotel, where an elaborate banquet
had been prepared for them. Refresh
ments had been served on the Gold, but
BY1NGTON" AND TOELE
ENGAGE HT A "FIGHT"
District Attorney's Brother Blacks
the Eye of the- Clerk of the ,;.
Court. . " . ..";.-,
There was a -lively "mixup" In front of
Judge Cook's court last evening between
William. Bylngton,. brother of the District'
Attorney, \ and : Oscar Tollej clerk of the
court. As the result Tolle now wears his
right eye In mourning. "The trouble was
precipitated. by the McGlade trial. Tolle,
¦who seems. to have taken an unusual in
terest in . the case, "noticed Bylngton stand-
Ing In the entrance to the courtroom and
announced that: there were too. many
"rubber necks" attending the trial. ;^
"You don't mean that I am a rubber
neck?", angrily asked the brother of the
District Attorney. . . :
."'If the cap fits you," remarked Tolle,
."you can Wear it." ~ '¦¦¦-- _
.- Bylngton,-. who is built like Sharkey,
promptly 'planted his"! right fist . on
Tolle's eye.' As he was about to follow up
his ; advantage the bailiff of the court
seized him.. . . '. • .-"..--
-'.Tolle denies : that he* referred to Bying
ton as a ."rubber ; neck." He claims that
the remark was intended for several
hangers-on who made his* life miserable
during , the 'trial. .. .".v'.'*
TO BE GUESTS
AT COLUMBIA
Managers and Actor Extend
Courtesy to Congres
sional Party.
Gottlob, Marx &. Co. of tho Columbia
Theater and Henry Miller have sent invi
tations to the members of the visiting
Congressional committee and party to
witness the production of "Heartsease"
to-night, and the invitation has been ac
cepted. The guests will occupy six logea
and eight additional seats..
The visitors will be taken on a drive
through Golden Gate Park to the CHS
House and through the Presidio this aft
ernoon. W. M. Bunker will bo In charge
of the drive.
Congressman Burton will, leave this
morning at 10 o'clock to visit his brother
at Kelsey, £1 Dorado County. Before his
departure he will be given a hurried drive
through Golden Gate Park by Mr. Bunker.
He will Join his colleagues Monday at
Stockton. . . . ...-.,..
After spending: Sunday In rest and at
tendance upon church services the party
will leave Monday at 9:30 for Stockton,
arriving: there about half -past 1 o'clock.
the visitors • enjoyed the banquet with a
zest that warmed the hearts of the hosts.
The time at Petaluma was limited, and
the courses of the banquet followed each
other in rapid succession. "When black
coffee and cigars came. Mayor Bralnerd
briefly Introduced Congressman Burton,
who spoke as follows:
Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen: "W'o are glad
.to see her* the evidence of thrift and growth,
your varied agricultural products and your be
ginnings in the way of manufacturing:. We are
glad to see that you utilize Petaluma Creek
and make so much of it In the way of navi
gation. •
We should be very glad to tarry la this en
terprising ¦ town. There are men near ma
here whose hoary heads are crowns of glory
Indeed, men who In the early days In Cali
fornia met the struggles and complications and
disappointments that belong to a new coun
try, i with a sturdy . spirit of courage and pa
triotism. Your future is great, not alone be
cause you belong to our great country, tho
greatest of all countries but because -of your
splendid soil, your varied resources, your wide
extent of sea coast and great opportunities In
so many directions.
¦ TVo shall go away from yon ! ¦with the most
pleasant recollections. We thank yon for th<»
hospitality you have bestowed upon ua, and
trust that In the future if we can net benefit
you. at least we may in your thoughts be re
membered with kindness and good will.
Upon the close of the banquet the vis
itors were driven to the depot, where a
special train was standing ready to carry
the party to Tiburon. A quick run to that
point was made, and the trip across the
bay was then made on the regular ferry
boat, arriving at San Francisco at 6:25
o'clock.
'-— ™— • HE members of the Rivers and
I Harbors Committee were enter
| tained at the San Francisco Club
1 yesterday evening by. the man
1 agement of The Call, immedlate-
V JL ly upon their return from the
trip up'Petaluma Creek. From
the top of The; Call building they were
ablo to view the bay as If it were a relief
vmap spread, af their, feet. £
The objective points of the committee s
trips of the past three days were plainly
discernible.. The long, line of the water
front, along which Jthey had steamed in
the Slocum in lay in a graceful
curve close at hand, while- Oakland har
bor and the cltie3 of Oakland. Alameda
and Berkeley and tne shore- line north
west toward Pinole, the Islands of the
bay, Belvedere and Sausallto and the
Golden Gate were all well within the cir
cle of distinct vision. Chairman Burton
and hia colleagues studied the bay in all
Its magnitude, surprised and delighted at
the opportunity to correlate their former
impressions into an accurate conception
of the whole.
After the interior of The Call building
had been shown the Congressmen they
were taken out upon Market street to
view the exterior "¦ of the sky-scraper.
While they looked the lights were turned
on and the building: illuminated for their
pleasure as during the McKInley celebra
tion. The wives and .daughters of the
Congressmen had been invited to enjoy
the spectacle, and they with the Congress
men went to various points to secure
other views of It.
2
¦*.-?¦*•..
General Debility
Is loss of physical and mental strength
and endurance, commonly attended by
loss of appetite,; that tired feeling, and
general lassitude.
- ; If is* positively dangerous to neglect
"iti since it involves and imperils the n
whole system. \
; .Itis a condition : that gives the ad-
vantage to every disease that threat-
ens* or attacks. ' .
¦i"l was run down In health, could not
sleep and did not feel like working. I
took three bottles of Hood'a Sarsaparllla
and felt a. chanse for the better before I
had finished the first bottle. It is the
best tonic I have ever tried. "Whenever
I have that tired feeling again I shall re-
sort to Hood'3 SarsaDariUa." Mrs. MART
EVERHART, Shanesvllle. Ohio.
Hood's SarsapariUa
Cures general debility and all low or
run-down conditions of the system. =
:¦': STRICTLY RELIABLE. .
M MEN
ONLY!
513^^> ' R T FAR THE
AcOS' greater number of
*/ \v^*9MV P*tlenta seeking relief •
~sfl , x^rjiV for so-called weakness
iLV ar * s trong. robust men In
,KT Yri II every. other respect. Our
\r \ Kb I I It theor y that Loss of Vital-
\\ \pj\J' Jt y Preinatureneaa, etc..
ar« not weaknease*. but tha symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck ot bladder) caused, by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. 'Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing: the enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate results.- as Indi-
cated •- by r Increased circulation - and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of"
the orpans, which we send tree on application.
is Interesting to any ona wishing; to study the
anatomy of the male. - • ¦
DK. 1AIC0IT 3, : tO., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.CENTRAL FIGURES AT THE INQUEST HELD YESTERDAY ON THE DEATH OF DR. JESSUP.
• "Father was on the bed in his room near!
the head of , the staircase. He was lying
across it. He said to' Dr. Jessup, 'Don't
come upstairs or I'll shoot.' i The .doctor
hesitated long enough to take offhlscoat
arid hang It on the post of the banister.
Then" he. walked to the threshold, of
father's room and held out his arms, say
ing, 'Now,* shoot if you -wish.'- - ¦' - - ¦: :•.-...- > '- ¦
"Father was still lying down at this
time. He made no reply to the doctor's
words. ; All he did was to take the pistol,
which was^lying: underneath the pillow,
and-; flrc lt v at the doctor after he had
• aimed 'at him.' He . raised himself up ' just
before he fired so that he could aim the
pistol.y. ... ; '- V .. . ' : V.
: " "Dr. Jessup staggered baekv.'arcl after
he was shot. . Then he went into father's
room and, sitting on father's knees; began
pounding him. I couldn't, see wh<«?er he
."I.was at my 'daughter's ! home" when
my •' grandson came running In and said
Dr.v Jessup had committed suicide," N. L.
Freese^ testified. "I went to the Adams
house ' and found j Dr.~ Jessup lying on the
porch. .He told me Adams had shot him.
Some one came with a stimulant, but the
doctor would not take it, saying that If
Tie ' was going to die he | would v die sober.
His coat was off at the time. 'Later Mar
shal Kerns came and tried to get into the
house. He was looking . for . Adams.
Thomas; S. Allen testified that Dr. Jes
sup lived in his house at 2101 Hearst ave
nue. He was there at the time Dr. Jes
sup was summoned to the ¦ telephone by
Miss Adams and heard him go out Later
he was told of. the shooting and assisted
in the care of the wounded man.
Miss . Adams was preceded in the wit
ness chair- by several people who ' had
taken part . in ' events subsequent to the
tragedy, and by the autopsy physician. .
Several Witnesses Called.
• "When : father heard the door open
downstairs he called out '.Who's there?'
and -the doctor, said.. 'It is Dr. Jessup,* x "
was 'Miss Adams' ~ reply. "Father "then
warned him not to go upstairs as he Was
dangerous." ' ",
: ;"Didv your-, father" ever abuse you?"
ask^d another juryman. : . ; * . -
;"Only with ,', his tongue," was Miss
Adams', reply. "He never attempted to
strike me," but I was afraid of him."
and the people came to our assistance. I
didn't so back into the house, and I have
not seen my father since:"
A juryman asked Miss Adams how her
father knew that Jessup was In the house
at the time he entered.' " ' .
Flags were at half-mast and the bells
on the flrehouse tolled as the procession
moved slowly down Shattuck avenue,
which was lined with quiet crowds of
spectators.
The casket rested at the center of the
hall, buried under a profusion of flowers.
One of the emblems - was a large scroll
with the words, "The Last Call." present
ed by the Marston Hose Company.
The service opened wit» the ritual of
the Paul Revere Council. F. L. \Vharff
spoke feelingly in behalf of Cherokee
Tribe, and P. J. Betts gave the address
for Paul Revere Council. The service was
interspersed with singing. ,
- The body was escorted to . Mountain
View Cemetery by a long procession of
mourners. The- following were tbe pall
bearers: r j"
Charles Gregory and Frank Gallagher
of Marston Hose Company. N. J. McLeod
and F. Rempz of the Red Men and C. A.
Briggs and T. H. Gilman of the G. A. R.
The interment took place in the G. A.
R. burial plot after an address by. N. L.
Freese. who represented the veterans, and
a salute of honor by a firing squad from
the Veteran Reserve.
Marshal Charles T. Kerns testified that
he had been told of the shooting by a boy
and bad hurried down to the Adams
house to arrest Adams. He tried several
doors, and found that, they were all
locked but the front one. After a while
Adams showed himself at the front door,
and said he was ready to surrender. The
Marshal took Adams upstairs, where the
blood that was streaming 1 down his face
was washed off. Adams admitted that he
had shot Dr. Jessup.
" 'For God's sake keep out' or I'll kill you;
don't come upstairs,* I'm dangerous;' 'For
Gcd's sake keep out,' were the words
Adams told me he used when he warned
Dr. Jessup to- stay away," said Marshal
Kerns. "He said he would not have shot
Dr. Jessup if he had not been such a poor
marksman, as he did not intend to kill
him.'' "*:- ' t;; -;._¦'
Dr. George B. Hoagland testified that he
attended Dr. Jessup after he was shot and
had performed the autopsy. He said the
patient was unconscious up to an hour be
fore his death at 11:30 o'clock on Tuesday
night. Death, he said, was caused by a
pistol shot which had penetrated the
lungs and produced hemorrhage and
strangulation.
Grouped reverently about the flower
laden casket containing the remains of
Dr. John G. Jessup his brother members
of various fraternal" organizations stood,
this afternoon to pay him last honors. The
funeral was held in Odd Fellows' Hall,
which was thronged with friends and rep
resentatives of Paul Revere Council..
Junior Order of United American Mechan
ics; Cherokee Tribe of the Order of Red
Men, the Marston Hose Company and
Lookout Mountain Post. Grand Army of
the Republic, accompanied by Captain
King and twenty-five men from Company
A, Veteran Reserve, N..G. C. Several rel
atives of Dr. Jessup were present. Includ
ing his aunt, Mrs. Lizzie Jessup; his
cousins, Mr. and Mrs. Coryelle and Miss
Eulalie Jessup, and his nephew. Ralph
Jessfip. r'.'A'i
Adams Bled Profusely.
"Dr. Jessup said, while he was lying
there, that he ought to have killed him.
but afterward he thought better of it and
said It would not have been right to have
killed him,"- Armstrong continued. "He
said he'd gone there to protect the girl
from her father."
The noise and screaming of the women
attracted John Armstrong to the scene of
the shooting. He is a carpenter and lives
in the neighborhood of the Adams home.
Armstrong testified that he went to the
Adams house and found Dr. Jessup^ lying
on the porch, resting on his elbow. .The
pistol that did the deadly! work was lying
near the doctor's body. Dr. Jesaup had
told him that Adams had shot him and
that he had taken his pistol from him and
smashed his face with the butt of IX.
""When I saw the doctor again, he was
lying on a couch in the house next door to
the Adams house," said Atkinson. "He
told me that Adams had shot him. "t bat
tered hell out of him," the doctor said to
me."
Carried to the Grave, Where
Friends Pay Last Tribute
Finally Adams came out and surren
dered."
Harold I* Atkinson, a drug broker who
lives In the house at 2101 Hearst avenue,
where Dr. Jessup lived, heard Dr. Jessup
called to the telephone. ' He knew It was
Miss Adams that had called the doctor
to the telephone, as the deceased had
often responded to 'calls for assistance
from Miss "Adams, when "her, father
threatened her. Dr. Jessup left the house
¦without saying 1 anything.
FAILURE
TO HEED A
WARNING
Accused Ex-Divine Ascribes
Fatal Termination 'of His
Act to Bad Marksmanship
— t*
After Being Mortally Wounded
Victim Refuses Stimulant,
Saying He Would Die Sober
Unfortunate Physician's Body
3
JURY PRACTICALLY HOLDS CHARLES G. ADAMS BLAMELESS
FOR MURDER OF JOHN G. JESSUP WHILE MAD FROM DRINK
Verdict Favoring Unfrocked
Minister Is Based Upon
testimony of His Daughter
Miss Adams Presents Piti
able Picture as She Appears
to Testify at the Hearing
Coroner's Inquest Develops
a Few New Facts Regarding
Scene That Followed Crime
VERDICT OF JURY IN
CORONER'S COURT
"We, the jury, do find that
the name of the deceased 'was
John G. Jessup, a native of
"Wisconsin, aged 55 years, that
he came to his death at 2101
Hearst avenue, Berkeley, Ala
meda County, Cal., at about
11:15 p. m., June 18, 1901,
and that death was caused by
a gunshot wound in the chest
by one Charles G. Adams, aft
er having been repeatedly
xcrarned by said Adams not to
enter the premises."
BERKELEY, June 21.— The fore
going verdict, rendered . this
morning by the Coroner's Jury
at the inquest into the death
of Dr. John G. Jessup, amounts
to a practical exoneration of
Charles G. Adams, the un
frocked Episcopalian cleric who killed the
dentist in a fit of drunkenness. The
Jurors who gave the decision were:
George Moenning, Albert Selig, J. Ren
ning, E. C. Marliave, W. H. Driggs, D. F.
J^ungck, W. P. Grant and Fred Nugent.
Their verdict vas based upon the testi
mony of Miss Agnes S. Adams, daughter
of the accused cx-preacher. who testified
at the inquest, despite the declarations of
Dr. H. N. Rowell, her physician, who last
evening announced that her condition was
such that she could not be present. After
ecme official persuasion to-day on the part
of Coroner Mehrmann, the medical man
¦withdrew his opposition and Miss Adams
•was escorted to the morgue, assisted by
her uncle, W. J. Adams.
Miss Adams at the Inquest.
The young 1 woman was the central fig-
Tire at the inquiry. Frail and slender,
with her features closely veiled, she pre
sented a pitiable picture, as she sat at the
Coroner's side, telling the story of her
father's frenzied act that cost the life of
her protector. ..,
It was manifest that the young woman
had suffered keenly. She could speak
fcarely above a whisper and the jurors
•were compelled to crowd closely about the
girl to catch her faintly uttered words.
Withal, it -was a clear, recital of the
circumstances and left a strong impres
sion upon the listening jurors and specta
tors.
She spoke as If she fully realized the
Import of her words. On one hand was
the man ready for the last rites who had
gene at her behest to the residence she
feared to approach alone. On the other
side was the father, waiting with nervous
impatience In a prison cell the decision of
the jury that should have so much bear
ing upon his case in the future.
Adams Was ITot Present.
Adams was net present at the inquest.
His attorneys. N. A. McConaghy and X..
E. Church, decided not to have him there,
taking advantage of the legal rights
which protected their client.
The verdict pleased the lawyers and it
¦was welcome news to Adams, ¦who learned
what the jury had done with evident grat
ification.
"It will go' -a long way toward my
acnuittal." he commented.
"When Coror.er Mehrmann began the in
quest this morn'ng he heard a number of
preliminary witnesses, nnd then, to the.
surprise of the attendants. Miss Adams
reFT>onded to his call.
"It was absolutely necessary to have
iliss Adams there." explained Dr. Mehr-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURl)^
/No man "ever gets a very .good idea of
how a woman is dressed -until: she: stands
;UD.v.-;.''-..-.' '-^"t-^ .¦•.¦"¦'¦..'¦•¦'¦'¦•¦.. - ; ;•¦ . -.-¦
¦ '" ¦ :¦•-'.,' ¦ '* ¦ .;¦
* Consumption Cure Successfully Used.
¦
- BERLIN." -' June.'.; 21.—Professor ; Robert
Koch 2 published'? in \ the j German Medical
Weekly a'declaration-that-Dr., Goetsch of
the^Slawentzeitz -Hospital; has"used- for.
ten ;years'-past tuberculion 1:against ;pure
ttuberculosis;^ with unvarying^success.,.' »;
-' ''%SMKBBs$ <:>''-'^:- "•— ¦ ¦ ¦ *
- In the 'preliminary "Jimmy" ." McGuIre,'
colored, of Denver, knocked- out ..-'.'Kid"
Chambers, white, of San ; Francisco. ; !
DENVER. ,Colo.,June ZL.— Morgan i.Willr
lams,' of Victor,' Colo., and "Philadelphia',':
Tommy Ryan fought ten" fast . rounds to] a
draw before , the- Colorado Athletic Club
here to-night. 'While Ryan ¦ landed \\ the
greater number of blowrs,^ 'Williams ;was
the stronger and his blows ¦ carried * more
steam. In the second round. Ryan landed
a hard left jab on the nose which' started
the blood, and 'throughout •^he remainder
of . the contest Ryan kept' playing , for : the
injured member, , Williams • bleedlng'tprc
fusely. • Williams had a marked advantage
in . the - eighth, . forcing > Ryan • all ¦ over.- the
ring, landing 1 right and -left repeatedly.
Ryan's clever ducking throughout : was ¦ a
feature.-' . - - . ,.- . - :'¦' ¦ ¦••-."V ',. ~ ; ;
Denver ¦ Fight ¦' a Draw.
CALL ' BURKAU, " 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, June 21.— War De
partment - officers are laughing over,; the
vanity of Adjutant General Corbin, who
before his departure for the Philippines
prepared; a printed: Itinerary of his . trip,'
which Is the wonder of all* the , officials
of the War Department fortunate enough
to * be | furnished with copies, j Observing
the fashion set by. the President when he
made his- transcontinentaltrip.^pf, having
prepared a 1 small .pamphlet, ; which in
tasteful gold and ¦ black > gave the points
at which stop3. would be made, the-:ad
jutant" general -obtained- from the -printer
pamphlets equally, as tasteful, with . the
addition, however, - of. another color, : red.
The;flrst page of the" pamphlet bears in
letters of gold, the words: : ¦•
Tour of the Adjutant General of Army. .
To. the. Philippine Islands. ¦•
. From ¦ June 20 i to Sept. 23, . 1901.
The points through which the train car-.
rying;.the distinguishedV officer '^wlll pass
were notod on ••• different , pages,' the : dates
being printed^. in red.:. Any strange observ
ances: at sea will benoted'on pages: di-'
vided ! Into columns headed .'.'Date,' j "Lat
itude,", -"Distance -run," "Remarks," etc/
'--¦¦There ' are , blank ' pages '¦ for remarks ¦ on ¦
the conditions 'in the .Philippines which
will.be ascertained during a tour. of the
islands and ; which the official historian
ma'y.omit.V- * ' ' , — \- ¦_ . ..... . ,
: .The pamphlets are scarce; and this Is
due, • it > is said, to the fact- that Miss Tat
ten, t fiancee . of • the ' adjutant ' general,- has
collected all -the, copies "for; which the ad
jutant, general and those with him .had
noiuse. ¦•. -•'¦ ¦•.'-.-"• ' "¦'"¦¦ v ' r •¦' ..--".
> CHICAGO," June 21.— Major General Cor
bin; adjutant general of the United States
army, passed -through Chicago to-day^en
route for San Francisco; .whence* he .will
sall;for Manila. r V .»:.--•.,'.¦ ---'.v - ';•¦,;:¦¦
Special Dispatch to' The Call. _
Special Dispatch to The Call.,
NEW YORK, June 21.— Superintendent
Hanklnson of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty 11 to Animals said . to-day
that fully 10,000 horses 'in New York were
suffering from a new and peculiar disease
which resembles the grip. The disease is
spreading rapidly; It attacks every sort
and condition of horse, from \ the high
steppers in Central Park to the slow-going
truckhorse in West street. '_'-'.
- The disease first made its appearance
| last Saturday, which was- unusually cold
for this time of year, and Is ascribed to
the change in the weather.^ The tempera
ture goes up to 105 degrees, the throat be
comes sore, a bad cough appears and loss
of appetite ami great exhaustion 1 follow. ¦¦:¦¦¦
Superintendent Hankinson says that the
disease is not like the epidemic of epi
zootic which struck this country- ¦¦ In "the
'70s, but' is a kind of laryngeal influenza.
He warns owners and drivers of horses
that If the animals exhibit "these; symp
toms , they should be taken, from .the
shafts wherever they '•" are • and . to the
stable for immediate treatment. ' .
Ten Thousand Equine. Suf
ferers in the Stables of
New; Yorkr -
HORSES THE VICTIMS
OF A GRIP EPIDEMIC
Vanity of Adjutant General
/Corbin Causes Men to
Smile. .
ISSUES HIS ITINERARY
IN LETTERS OF GOLD
.the iposts headquarters." • Earlier, in' the
afternoon" the home of Ordnance Sergeant
Williams, situated ; : in • a :. ravine ;; back of
the "barracks, came near being destroyed.
''"Fanned^by; a 'strong > wind ,the : flames
traveled over the dry grass .with alarming
rapidity. 1 -; Williams' home was all but sur
rounded. § Mrs:' Williams ;.was the .heroine
'of the occasion. Without a moment's. de-;
lay -she "Joined her husband :'and', others,
and ; with , wet sacks succeeded, in-beating
the.flre.out.vlt was no child's play. The
heat of.the day.";added to that of the fire
and the f blinding., choking, smoke.-; was
enough to make, even ¦ firemen' -hesitate.
Mrs. Williams was the recipient of many,
congratulations for her, plucky conduct. .'¦¦
i* The fire started i at : about ; 11- o'clock this
forenoon. :. The ; soldiers :; say Jthat it was
set by;a- party 'of golfers from Sau sali to.
who werej endeavoring:; to -burn -off .the
links. -:: The . fire got • away f rom • them; and.
according , to • the < soldiers, the ¦ golfers ) ran
back, to Sausalito .without offering any :is-"
slstance.-vThls is; the .third time; that .*: a
fire. ha3 been laid at. the golfers' door,' and
it is | probable \ that the? club .will be' asked
to move to other llnks. : v More than a thou
andacres'of grass has been destroyed."- y
r SAN RAFAEL V June 21.— A grass fire
raged . this . afternoon over the hills of the
Fort Baker reservation,' several miles west
of ;Sausalito. It was jonly by the " efforts
of fifty convalescent soldiers in charge of
Corporal , Bower that the 'buildings qf-'he
post were saved. At one time this after
nooni the, flames , were ¦ driven up through
the-.tair grass , to ;wlthin a'- few.' yards of-
Special Dispatch' to The Call.'
Wife of an Ordnance Sergeant
the Heroine at Fort
Baker. -
FIERCE FIRE SWEEPS
NEAR SOLDIERS' HOME
The board is considering a proposal for
nineteen-knot battleships, . and as the in
creased weight for machinery is to be met
by an increase of it . is ' pos
sible that the board will be able to agree
on this speed. The members of the board
are anxious that each vessel shall have
a steaming radius of from 7000 to 10,000
miles, and large coal carrying capacity, is
consequently Imperative. It is expected
that several months will be occupied In
the discussion of designs. . . The plans of
projected armored cruisers ¦ will? not be
taken up until the characteristics of the
battleships are . practically determined.
Secretary Long. has directed that repairs
be made to the battleship Oregon without
that vessel being placed out of commis
sion. Her retention "in commission "is
necessary because there are no : facilities
for taking care of the ship at Bremerton,
Washington, where ~ she ; is ; to . bo - over
hauled.
• ¦ ¦• .
It is evident that the proposed battle
ships will have higher speed than any
hitherto authorized, though some weeks
ago when the board gave preliminary con
sideration to the matter it was suggested
that eighteen knots were sufficient, pro
vided there should be no loss of effective
ness In any other department of the ship.
The others represent batteries of twelve
and eight Inch guns, the latter being dis
tributed behind casemates along the sides
of the ships, twelve and seven inch guns
and twelve and six inch guns. The super
imposed turrets, of course, provide for
twelve and eight inch guns, with seven
and six inch guns in casemate. *
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 21.— Naval Bu
reau chiefs to-day discussed designs for
battleships which Congress will be urged
to authorize during the coming session.
There are seven designs under considera
tion by the board, two of which contem
plate the use of superimposed turrets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.-
v
Naval Bureau Chiefs Pass
. Upon* a Variety of
Plans..
C0NSIDERING DESIGNS
FOR NEW BATTLESHIPS
Slayer's Daughter Testifies.
"I had been downtown taking tea. with
a friend," she said. "Father telephoned
for me at about 7 o'clock, wanting me to
The girl's face appeared • ghastly when
she came into the presence of the crowd
of men, her. slight, hesitating figure sup
ported on either side by friends. She was
self-possessed and told her story concisely
and consecutively, leaving the Coroner but
few questions to ask when she concluded.
mann. "as she was the only witness to the
tragedy. Dr. Rowell called upon me this
morning and asked me if I would have to
have Miss Adams. 'Why, of course I must
have her,' I said. 'If she doesn't come
herself I'll have to send a wagon up to her
house and bring her down.' Dr. Rowell
made no comment and just before the In
quest I had Miss Adams subpenaed . and
her uncle brought her down."
come home. He said I had starved him.
It was not so. I had been home nearly all
day till late in the afternoon, when I went
to visit my friend. I got breakfast and
luncheon for him. ¦ ¦-•¦• -••-.
"Before I started for home I telephoned
to Dr.. Jessup. I told him I was afraid .to
go home. He understood that, as he had
helped me before when father was angry.
I told him -I would meet him at the gate.
Shortly after I'telephoned — a few' seconds,
perhaps— I saw'him at the gate. I could
see the gate from the window of the house
of my" friend. " N •_¦_' '.
"We walked through the front yard and
up the steps together. Dr. ¦ Jessup took
the key from me and opened the door. He
stepped into the hallway Just before me.
Then he went upstairs, I following direct
ly behind him. I was quite close to the
doctor all the time.
'• A ¦ '
pounded him ..with,. the pistol or his fists.
Dr.Jessup said to him., 'You coward! You
would shoot at a defenseless man!' Father
didn't make any resistance. He just said
'Keep on* while" the doctor was pounding
him. > --i ' .. -• ' - : - ¦ \ .¦ ¦,--;•. -
% "After the doctor got through; pounding
him he went out of the room and stag
gered into the hall. : Then. he started down
stairs after picking up his coat. When he
got half-%ay down the stairs he staggered
against the wall. I. helped him down the
rest of the way and v out upon the porch.
He said .'Take me outside," and I did so. .
"When he reached the porch Dr. Jessup
leaned against a post of the porch 'and
afterward slipped down', and* lay ''on the
floor.. He carried- the' 1 revolver with him
and laid It beside him on the porch..
Screamed for Assistance.
"As soon as I could"! screamed for help
EVIDENCE
GIVEN AT
HEARING
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is a disease of civilization. When the
Indian was a stranger to the white man
he had no name in his vocabulary for
this dreaded malady.
Without arguing as to the curability
of consumption, it may be stated posi-
tively that Doctor .
Pierce's Golden Med- J pTtr'gi *g &WJZ&
ica^ Discovery cares '¦"vV"VwJg5>y^£
weak lungs, h«ncr- '•'/ -'/jW^^^y*
rhages, tror.chitis, ''////m^M/^.
deep-seated and Ys'+'yj§§%^&&.
stubborn cou.qh, and 'v^|t/^g|
other diseases which aJ(S3^ \~t&|}3*|
if neglected or un- Mffi.\$&ffiM
skillfully treated find 2>O^* W$&£
a fatal" termination " a £^> wbaj^SS
in consumption. t^Tr^F/\«5fe
There is r.o alcohol K\\'\J/J \W§J3
in the "Discovery," A V*^
and it is entirely free jl^^^KS v
f roa opium, cocaine, jyr *Jw"%'
and afi other nar-Uf, -\ . J//JK&
' Persons suffering T Ju f^gm
from chronic dis- JwftjS * \y%b\
ease arc invited to 1 1 ¦»» J7 M
consult Dr. Pierce, [I 4gj j,|
by letter, free. All L\
correspondence * s [;\ / jl> t
conducted under [ •.'/«*/ f fty\
the seal of sacred juitr*' '^ A- *^
secrecy. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
In a little over' thirty years, Dr. Pierce,
assisted by his medical staff of nearly a
score of "physicians, has treated and
cured thousands of men and women who
had been given up as incurable by local
physicians. .
«Your medicine is the best I have ever
taken." writes Mrs. Jennie Dingman,. of Rap"*
Citv. KalkaskaCo.. Mich. "Last uprmg: I had
a bad cough . cot so bad I had to be la bed all
the time. My husband thought I had con-
sumption, ne wanted me to get a doctor. t>ut
thought we w<r.:ld try Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery, and before I had taken one bottle
the cough stopped and I have since had no sign
of its returning."
Doctor Pierce'a Pleasant Pellets cure
constipation.
\ J Ri(*ht ShirtsHtor Summer | I
¦ jM' :^- : — The, swellest. shirts for good, sound, -satisfactory summer ser- ¦ .
*|H ¦;." vice— are.the Standard Shirts. They are made in\ the very newest . ¦ *
:H of styles and : of the very best; of fabrics. "They are. made to fit m
.^R^; the requirements. of every demand,' from the whims Vf the most B
'JBL '".¦-*:* fastidious. to the. tfants of the ; workingmen. ¦ •, . \ -. gf
; H * 7 ° r sa ' e at a 'l leading furnishing and dry j^oods stores. ' |5
. P ' ;'.¦'••¦ NEUSTADTER BROS., &
'•~ : W.f "i '-.>• Manufacturers, - *
,:ff : ¦-¦ ' 'San -Francisco.* Cal. \I TENNIS CRACKS WHO ARE PRACTICING FOR THE JULY TOURNAMENT.
After the bawl is over the weary father
| may have a chance to get a little sleep. .
If a i man ? can't = be a"' Christian : at home
.he is not apt to.be one ,'
McIntyreWiris^ in- France;
..PARIS, June : 21.— Mplntyre. the Ameri
ca n ' Jockey ,', made .'; his : first ; public/appear
ar.ce< in ".France 'to-day, and won-.his only
race,; the" -Prix de Peplnvast,' at; Malsson's"
Lcfltte , on ; Damyslus, ,at:.9 ,to f 2 ; against;
_beating f the „ favorite .' Ismene,", at ¦ S » to • 2
against, by three lengths. ; . • - :
Trap Shooting Contests.
The gunmen are enjoying good sport: at
the . traps. All the clubs" have .important
contests in prosjject and the experts are
reaping a. harvest. • ' .••-,
The San Francisco Gun Club will grass
live . birds at Ingleside to-morrow.
The Empire, Gun Club will shatter blue
rocks atAlameda Point to-morrow.
WILL PLAY
NOVEL GOLF
... ; .T--.™ - < • -• • ¦¦ ¦ ¦ r ;.
The only golf club which Is' manifest-
Ing, much activity just now is the \ Oak
land, where Captain Orestes Pierce ; has
revived ; Interest by instituting, a qurious
and novel contest which he terms; a* Kick
ers'^ handicap, or an All Fools', tourna-
ment. Th© contest Is open to all . mem
bers of the club,, regardless of ' sex, ,age
or * previous . scores. ; Each , player .writes
up" ; his name 1 on the,bulletin*board,.plac
ing opposite to it his handicap! chosen by
himself. ' The captain- meanwhile mental
ly selects a bogey. Bcore; somewhere be^
tween seventy and 1 a hundred; 'the' con-,
testants play.over, 18 holes, thoir strokes
being ; added ; t " the"" players ''.'deduct their
handicaps, and . thej two having ' net [scores'
nearest, to the bogey fixed "oh by the cap- ,
¦ - . ' ¦ •-¦-¦¦
tain^win the 'prizes. The trophies are a
silver ash tray and a salad bowl. . . -
> All> the local golf -clubs ; will > probably
havo handicaps for their members on In
dependence day. The third contest for the
Poniatowskl cup at Burlingame. which
has ' previously been held ; on July 4. • will
be ' postponed/ till August. - as ?theVmem
bers of. the iCountry, ClubValready havfi
several events planned for that ; day, and'
the Ausrust date will 'enable ladies; who
desire » to play, for the women's; amateur
chamDionshlp of all-California to go on to
Del Monte after the Poniatowskl cup con
test at Burllngame Is over.
¦ * ¦¦¦,•-¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦ . ,. -. ¦ . . , ¦ ¦
THE first annual singles, tournament for the championship of the State will commence at" San Rafael on the 2d
of July and be completed on the 4th, when the final match only will be played." This tournament will be" "< unde'r
the auspices of the Pacific States Lawn Tennis Association and will be directly in charge of the committee ap
pointed by the association. This committee Is composed. of W.-B. Colller'Jr., R. N. Whitney and Dr.; F. J. Lane/
.George W. Lane will act as referee. All the cracks are hard at" work practicing and will be in. the best of form
by. the first of the month. '• Those who put in the most, time on. the courts and who will, surely enter are: vGeorge
F. -Whitney, R. N. Whitney. Sumner Hardy, W. B. . Collier, Merle Johnson. Ray: Cornell; : Harold Crowell, Fred
Brown, Drummond McGavin, Chet. Smith, Dr. Lane, Sidney Salisbury, James A. Code, George Lane and Grant Smith.
Champion George Whitney is naturally looked- upon as the one having, the best' chance of .taking first place, but" the
presence of his brother and Sumner Hardy in the tournament makes his victory, uncertain. .
George Whitney is. easily 'the best player In the Pacific States, having won. the championship" of the coast three times."
The ease with which he won in the last two years shows beyqnd>'a -doubt that he is superior to any one on the coast in
tennis. R. N. Whitney, who, with- his brother. George, . holds the championship of the coast in doubles.is capable of play-
Ing brilliant tennis attimes, but his .tournament game is considerably behind his practice play. If he should happen to be "
right on edge during the course of the tournament he would stand a very good : chance of emerging a winner. "
:: Sumner Hardy, ex-champion of the coast In both singles and doubles, a few years ago occupied the position In the tennis
world now held. by George Whitney.. These two experts will undoubtedly come together in the coming, tourney and a very
Interesting match wljl be the result. ; ;: -. v - ~ : . ' .. , v .' > ¦
,W._B.\ Collier, who Is another old-timer at the game,- made a very good showin'g last year, ; when he was runner-up in '
the singles championship tournament.- He hasbeen too long at" the game to be considered a promising man, but he Is one
of the best players in the second-class. Steadiness combined with grit and determination is ~, the feature of /Collier's game '".¦
Drummond McGavin is a very promising young player, his main fault being laek of ambition. When in the mood Mc-
Gavln, who. like his father, has very graceful strokes, can put up a beautiful article of tennis. In the intercollegiate tour
nament young McGavin played a star. game. ¦;¦:'¦ •. ¦',•>':.' ¦ . . .. ¦¦¦--•
Merle Johnson is a;new man at. the game, buf has risen' rapidly of late.' A short^time ago he went from the third
class to the second and is already well up In that. Johnson has the most peculiar style, of. any. player on the local courts"
and some of his strokes are v unsolvable. One. of his strokes in "particular, known as the rabbit stroke, is entirely original '
and very hard to copy.-. ; _ ' .-. ;.;¦ -, . ¦ : -. ;..-' ¦.
': Grant Smith.. another man with- but little experience, is also a f very promising player. His service 'and' 1 net 'work are
very strong and his great height is a' big advantage. at the net; -The .weakest part of his game Is his back-court work
which, however, Is rapidly improving., Smith plays a very accurate game at the net and puts lots of speed Into his strokes'-
Ray Cornell, who progressed rather slowly, for a long time, is Rapidly coming to the front arid gives promise of becom
ing a first class man. *He plays a defensive .game,, which, however, combined with, steadiness, .is a. very hard one to beat.*
Cornell's best stroke is" his lob. 'which is a ; very effective' one, as few men are good smashers. ' . • ¦
Of the younger players Chet.. Smith is 'probably., the' mbat promising. Smith hasan excellent style. : but'is very erratic-
Being, left-handed,, he. naturally, plays a graceful game and has an^advantage over his opponents. With more practice he
will become a very good player. ,."." ; ¦' ' ,_ •¦•-•¦ -. . , ' ,- ; -¦-:..
Harold Crowell is too old a hand at the; gram e to be considered ' very" promising,- but heis one of the best men in the :
second-class. Crowell also. has a very peculiar style, which, however, ; is very effective.* His best' 1 work is done in doubles : '
A beautiful silver _cup has been 'put up by. Percy Kahn to be. played .'for^ at the California Tennis Club to-morrow. -The
tournament, which will be a> handicap affair, will commence at 10:30 a, m. | The ' players will ' be ' divided Into three classes ;
and there will be a handicap between the classes.' -The men will be classified as follows:' Championship class George-Whit
ney, R.N. Whitney and; Sumner, Hardy: first class, Collier." Crowell, Johnson," Cornell, "J.. D. McGavin and Grant Smith :
Any other members of the club who enter ..Will be ,put In the second class. -. • . \ . :,"^.,
The championship, class allows first . class'a hancHcap of seven-sixths: first class allows second 'class seven-sixths- cham
, plonhip class allows second. class twelve-sixths,' which is equivalent to thirty. 'All matches will be two sets out of three
' except the finals, which will be. three out of five. . .--'< . > : r" reo
NEW TEAMS TO PLAY
PLAY CRICKET
/.', The* third 'meeting: between the : Alameda
and .Pacific cricket .teams ; takes ' place to- i
morrow, on the ground rat Webster street, !
Alameda. ,The Pacific eleven will be chos
en from the following:' John Myers/ C. P
Coles.-, A. Br-Wlldlnjr. F.'Bennlon. ' J. j!
Theobald,.' George, Theobald;..W.^Pether
ick.; T. J.'.'A. : Tiedemann, - W/ L. Comyn','
A. B." Willis, H. C. ,Casldy,arid V. P.'.Sol- :
lom.";-R.\:B. Hogue. -captain' of ; the ¦'Ala
meda Cricket Club, has returned from Ho
nolulu f and .will take ¦ charge of i. the team
to-morrow.', which [will include J. H: Saun
ders."B.;Bird, J. J. : M6rlarty,':A. sE/i Chlv
ers; r F. v J. : Croll; ¦ Harold , Ward Jr., v W. • See-'
beclt.^ F.V Stahl; A: ; S. t Willis , and Henry
Ward.: Edgar. Ward,?, who < has been play
ing in .the "Alameda : team,' has gone : Eaat. v .
T; The ' first '¦ match '; of ' the ; season ' In "Lake
-'."¦'•'•'-.. ' ¦ . ' . '
YACHTS OFF
FOR VALLEJO
¦ This evening the fleets of the San Fran
cisco,; Corinthian and '. California Tacht
clubs will rendezvous 'at Vallejo, where
the California yachts Tnelma and Occi
dent are due on their return from the trip
up the' Sacramento River, on which they
started a week ago. .
The selection of to-day for a cruise to
Vallejo does not seem a good one, a3 it
Is high water at 4:50 this afternoon and
low, water at 10:29 to-morrow morning. It
is not unlikely tjjat some of the boats will
not get j further than McNears Landing
to-night, and will there await the coming
of the fleet from Vallejo.
Secretary W. M. Edgell and W. G. Mor
row will" take their first sail In the yawl
Royal to-day, going down first to San
Mateo, whence they, will tow a. small boat
belonging to G. P. Tallant, who joined
the club last month. : Leaving the boat
at Sausalito, they will sail up the. bay,
hoping to make "Vallejo. ¦
It Is understood that the Vallejo Yacht
Club had no intention of challenging for
the Perpetual cup until an. ex-commodore
of the San Franclscos suggested the Idea
to Commodore A. E. v Chapman, who was
building a new yacht at Matthew Tur
ner's yard at Benlcia. As. Chapman was
doing the work on her himself, she would
not- have been finished in time to chal
lenge-for the trophy, 'but the money to
employ ship carpenters being offered by
; the ex-commodore, the work will be com
pleted quickly. The Vallejo Club was so
little informed as to the regular manner
of procedure that its secretary sent the
challenge to Orlo Eastwood, secretary of
the Pacific Interclub Tacht Association
who sent.it back.. Since then the chal
lenge has been sent in due form to Sec
retary. Brlckell of the Corinthian Yacht
Club. As the Vallejo Yacht Club, having
sent in a challenge, did not wish to with
draw it. the San Franclscos .will not be
gin work on the construction of their rac
ing craft for the present. ¦
,Scme .changes in the club fleets have
taken place lately. • E. Bowes of the sloop
Genesta has bought the sloop Ceres from
D. S. Watson., and will either sell her
again or charter her. The schooner Wave
owned by, W. L. Oliver,- has been taken
from, Tlburon Cove to Sausalito and will
be sailed by. George ¦ Story. The little
sloop Dewey, lying ofT Sausalito. will be
sailed by H. ' H. Jenness, formerly secre
tary of the San Francisco Yacht Club
who is living at the Gables, Sausalito
.The schooner Outing haa been on Smith's
ways at Sausalito receiving a coat of cop
per paint, but has been taken back to her
moorings at Greenbrae.
Some of the yachtsmen will try to make
long trips -on Independence day, "the onlv
scheduled event being the annual race o'f
the Californias for the Wallace trophy
This is held by E. F. Sagar's sloop Edna
which, though owned by the vice commo
dore of the. Corinthian Yacht Club has
remained for several years • on the roll of
the Californias. The "Wallace troohy was
won in the first race in 1896 by Edna, in
the. second race in that year and In 1SS7
by the late: A. E.' von Schmidt's^ cutter
Whirlwind; -in 1S98.11899 and 1900 by the
Edna, It was presented in 1896 by W C
Wallace and; established as a perpetual
challenge trophy on February. 25 of that
year. It Is thought that John T. Carrier's
sloop j Jessie E will; make a good cont-vs*
for the trophy this year. .
County was played June 13 at the lower
end 'of Clear L»ke between the Lakeport
and Burns Valley teams, the Lakeport
men winning with ar score of 185 to 94 rnnQ
After , luncheon: the .'officers of^ the^wn
clubs held a meeting,- at <¦ which it wls
decided to form a Lake County Cridp?
Club,' C. M. Hammond being chosen presi
dent, C. A. Enderly captain, T. W-Reak
bane secretary and treasurer and m v
Keeling^and G. R., Webber -comnmtel"
men , The secretary writes to th™ Cair
fornla Cricket Association/ expressineth >
hope that a team from San FrancSwm
visit • Lake County this year as it ¦ £Jm.
to be impossible to get up T a goo<J teaman
visit the city.Vi It : is suggested tha f t m «
should be two >or three cricket I*
anytime convenient to the San Francisco
men. As ; July . 4 falls on , aV ThuSSfo v
that Is • not a convenient date Bu? t&
Admission day holidays offer an excellent
opportunity :for a trip to « the country -^
it would-be impossible • to- leave San Fr'a£
Cisco on Friday evening, to plav rnit^,«r
on Saturday -and -Sunday, and Wura ? on
Monday- or. Tuesday. Visiting cricketers
are always • so hospitably treated h ffi
County that it is highly. 'probable that I
team j will; be- made i up from - the two city
clubs, amT that the Admission day hoK
days will be the time chosen. 4 ;
REGATTA FOR
THE OARSMEN
The arrangements for the Fourth of
July regatta on Lake Merritt are pro
gressing, and the event bids fair to eclipse
any that the rowing men of San Fran
cisco Bay have had for many years. Last
Tuesday night the executive committee
of the Fourth of July celebration . com
mittee of Oakland officially appropriated
$900 for the entertainment to be given in
the afternoon cf Independence day, no
less than 5S00 of which will go to the
oarsmen and swimmers, $100 being de
voted to the so-called "literary pro
gramme." The participants in the rowing
and swimming events will receive prizes
really worth contending for, Instead of
the meager trophies which the, Pacific
Association has been able- to offer at re
cent championship regattas. The oars
men are naturally manifesting much en
thusiasm, and all the rowing .clubs,
except the Pioneers and Tritons, will
enter barge crews.
The Pioneers are somewhat disorgan
ized by the fact that they have lost .their
old boathouse on Long Wharf, and : have
no training quarters. .Their only repre
sentative -will probably" be in the out
rigged skiff junior race. The Tritons
have very rarely entered contestants in
any .of the regattas,^ and the only man
who has represented them in recent years
Is Stanley Adderley, now of the Dolphin
Boating Club's junior barge crew.' .
The South End Rowing Club will be
to the fore again, the official declaration
by the Pacific Association of Robert Me-
Arthur's amateur status having rendered
it possible to get together again the
famous "Midget" crew, which went out
on Tuesday night for its first practice
row. The crew is made up of Henry
Bode, bow; "Gus". Carson, No. 2; Robert
McArthur. No. 3, and Frank Duplissea,
stroke. The. Scuth Ends also have inter
mediate and Junior barge crews In train
ing, the intermediate four being J. Pallas,
bow; .M. J. Bieen, No. 2; A. McDuffle,
No/ 3, and Ed. Scully, stroke. The junior
baree crew consists of Frank Mayo, bowi
F. Pallas; No. 2; J. P. Foley. No. 3,. and
Charles Jenkins, stroke.
Dr. C. C. Dennis has retired from the
junior four In order to enter the seni<w
outrigged skiff race, which- is the second
event on the programme, M. - Cashman
will represent the South ¦ Ends in the
Junior outrigged skiff event, and George
McGriU in the senior shell race.
W. B. HInchman, president of the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union, and secretary of the Fourth of
July regatta committeej left last night for
a trip to the Eastern States. The next
meeting of the regatta committee will be
held on the evening of Friday. -June 28. or
three days before the last day which en
tries will be received— July. 1. The times
made In the various events on Lake Mer
ritt will be accepted as official records on
still water. . Hitherto the courses at Long
Wharf and BI Campo have, been of so
indefinite and uncertain a length that
times were of no value at all. On Lake
Merritt, however, it will easy to mark
off the exact distances. Arrangements
are being made to ensure plenty of water
In the lake on regatta day. "
The Ariel Rowing Club will have repre
sentatives in almost all the events except
the two outrigged skiff races, the skiffs
owned by the club being of too old and
heavv a type to make It worth while pit
ting them against the new racing craft
of the Alameda and Dolphin clubs. The
Ariel junior barge crew will also enter
the Intermediate race; it . consists of J.
Koakes, bow; Harry Foleyl ¦ No. 2; W.
Smith, No. 3,- and J. . Keegan, . stroke.
This Is the crew that rowed in the cham
pionship regatta last year, except that
H. Luhrson has retired, and J. . Noakes
has been added. . The Ariels are training
from the South End boathouse, -around
which there are signs of great activity
nowadays.' .'". ' . --
The oarsmen of the University of Cali
fornia are enjoying a vacation -and are
going out regularly every morning for
practice on Oakland Creek. The Ariel
Rowing Club has lent them a barge, as
the one owned by the University Club
does not conform to the requirements of
the Pacific Association, being .single
streak and outrigged. • The Ariel Rowing
Club has received notice , to ¦ leave , Its
quarters, but has not yet done/so.
The Triton Swimming and Boating Club
recently held . an .' election, at . •which' the
following officers were chosen:' President;
D.-H. Everett; financial secretary, H. C.
Cook; recording secretary, A. S. Garvle;
treasurer. D. H. O'Keefe; captain, H.
Brett; lieutenant, • H. K. . Burgess:
trustees. W. S. White, W. F. Word and
C. Artigues. Last Sunday the. members
were entertained on J. Hellbron's ark at
Greenbrae, to which they rowed from the
city. The boathouse .will soon be moved
from its present site, which has become
obstructed with sand,, to a new location
at the foot of Larkin street.'
TENNIS EXPERTS ARE FAITHFULLY TRAINING
FOR THE COMING CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNEY
JACK ROOT
AND CARTER
ARE READY
Well-Known Boxers
Prepared to Put Up
a Fast Battle.
• • • •
"Kid" Carter, the Brooklyn boxer, who is
said to be the most perfectly formed mail
now battling before the public, will have
an opportunity on Tuesday evening next
to prove to the ring goers of this city and
vicinity whether he Is entitled to fame
as a pugilist. He must face Jack
Root, one of the coolest ring generals and
Btiffest punchers In the ring to-day, and if
he wins Carter will have the right to de
clare himself the best 160-pound man in ,
the world.
Root and Carter are scheduled^, to box
twenty rounds before the Twentieth Cen
tury Club In Mechanics' Pavilion on June
28. Carter has trained at Blanken's Six
Mile House and Root has prepared at
Croll's Gardens, Alameda. That both men
¦will be in superb condition when they
enter the roped arena on the night of the
contest Is assured by the importance of
the contest. It is practically a champion
ship battle. Root stands head and shoul
ders above any man of his weight and as
he Is comparatively young is ambitious to
win further fame and shekels with his
doughty fists. Carter on the other hand
Is but 20 years of age and In appearance
reminds one of an overgrown youth. Car
ter has been boxing since the age of 15,
and during his ring career has met and
beaten some of the leaders in his class.
He is entitled to a bout with Root, and
the question is, will he make good? Ring
goers ljope he will, as they want to see
Root extend himself. Jack has fought
twice before local fight audiences, but in
both Instances his game was comparative
ly easy. Alec Greggains put up a game
battle, but he was not the same Alec that
beat Costello and other old time cham
pionship aspirants. In his second bout
Root contended with. George Byers, a
colored man who has outclassed some
heavy punchers, but when pitted against
Root was like the veriest babe in his
hands.
Tim Hegarty Is not clever, but he Is a
puncher. Bvery person who visits the
Australian's training Quarters comes away
with this belief. The question arise?, will
he be able to land on shifty Tim Calla
han? If he does, there is even' likelihood
that the Philadelphia pugilist will go
home a beaten man and McGovern will
have an opponent worthy of his prowess
Hegarty Is a bundle of wiry muscles. His
shoulders are as broad as Al Kelll's and
he is the biggest little man that ever
fought under 126 pounds.
Callahan Is conceded to' be plucky, a
stiff puncher and one of the cleverest
featherweights in the ring. That he will
give Hegarty a run for his money is as
sured.
• • •
George Gardner, who is to box Jack
Moffatt before the San Francisco Athletic
Club on the afternoon of July 4, is even
more superstitious than his opponent
Moffatt has a penchant for fire engines
and Gardner believes Jn horse shoes. The
latter's training quarters .at the Ingle
side House has taken on the appearance
of a blacksmith shop. Gardner in the
daily course of training trips merrily over
the road, and ¦whenever he spies a horse
shnp y~c picks it up as* an omen of good
luck. As he does not overlook a shoe In
the course of his travels he generally bur
dens himself with many pounds of old
iron. After his fight with Moffatt he In
tends disposing of the lot to some junk
dealer.
• • •
Willie Snallham. the husky bantam
champion of the coast, will enter the pro
fessional ranks on July 4. Snallham has
bo^ten every b»y of his weight and inches
and is now unable to secure a match. It
5s the intention of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club to match clever Willie Schoen
bein against Snallham as a preliminary
bout to the two big fights to be brought
off on the national holiday. It is to be re
gretted that clever Frankie Nelll does not
•weigh' five pounds more, as he and Snall
ham would put ur» a merry bout.
CLASS DOGS
WILL RACE
The match race between Harlean Gladys
and Sacramento Boy has been declared
off. at least for a time. Considerable in
terest has been .manifested in the match
by the followers of- coursing ever since
the publication of the challenge from the
owner of Harlean Gladys. When the defl
•w-as issuei Sacramento Boy was getting:
In shape, having been on the retired list
for some time on account of a broken
toe nail. His owners, however, were not
averse to a little easy money and started
to get the winner of the last John Grace
cup ready for the match. After the sec
ond day's work the Boy was again put
on the shelf, the*same toe nail throwing
the dog out of training. In his present
condition it would be useless to try to
prepare the dog for a special match. It
will take all his trainer's spare time get
ting the great courser fit for the next
John Grace cup stake. '.Sr *¦¦
In Rural Artist the Pasha kennels have
Indeed a strange coursing freak. When
Mr. Rossiter returned from England lie
brought Artist with him and' It was
thought that the courser would go rapid
ly to the front as a money winner. Prom
the start the newcomer showed his breed-
Ing and in his trials developed consider
able sDeed. When it came to going the
distance, however, the Artist was not
there, and at best four courses figured as
his limit. The cause of his weakening Is
easily seen when it is shown beyond
doubt that between courses the fast and
•willing hound loses weight sometimes to
the extent of two to four pounds. Lately
the dog has fhown that he is possessed
of a great drive, which, with his speed
should brirg him near the finish in his
stakes. If a remedv can be found for his
. extraordinary weight-losing.
Wayfarer was bred to Imported Fierv
Face on June 15. Wayfarer is a brother
of Emin Pasha and has taken his posi
tion as hsad of the Pasha kennels stud.
Fiery Face is a full sister of Fearless
Footsteps, the Waterloo etake winner.
Fortuna Favente has been bred to Ama
rosa June IS. Amarosa has whelped to
For Freedom a litter of probable stake
winners, among which are The Iceman
Freeze Out and Cold Shivers.
Sylyanus has been bred to Mamie Pleas
ant June 17.
H. C. Lowe of Lawrence. Kans.. has
registered a litter of six puppies— four
dogs and two bitches— by Imported North
ern Surprise out of Jessamy.
WC. Glasson has petitioned the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee to compel J.
Smith to deliver the greyhound Sylvanus
to him. Glaeson declares that he sold the
hound to Smith under certain terms and
that Smith has failed to comply with
them.
; Chiarlni Bros, have bought the clever
courser Dewdrop from W. C. Glasson!
Reckless Archer, formerly of the Pasha
kenne s, amTnow a representative of the
kennels of Dayton . Ragan & Grimm, of
Kansas, has divided the soring m»»et at
Mankat,o. Kans. Reckless Archer Isa full
brother of Recording Arigel.
Another highly bred English courser has
been added to the local kennels. Charles
Pickard of this city has come into pos
session of Bright Gold, a young jrrev
hound with a great future., through the
Hder Plckard. who is now In England
The hound is two years old and as a
puppy made a record/running third in
a 25-dog puppy stakaT and dividing an.
(other. He will run at about C3 pounds
Judge Grace, who has sized up the new
comer, pronounces him a good- one.
Union Park offers a 120-dog open stake
for this week's attraction. The class- of
performers t» the best ever drawn for an
event of this kind. For Freedom Is on
the lift. i
50-yard dash,' Juveniles — G. Anderson. H. Mo-
Kenzle. S. Finnisan. P. McDermld. K. Rog
ers, B. Berry, F. Rankln, P. Sundburg, F.
Paine, R: Burns, A. Courtney. H. .Ross. E.
Wells, P. Bogen. C. Crist; A. Rauer, C. But
terworth, R- Buckley. T>. Harrltran, D. Chase.
J. Dixc-n. K>EJne. I*. Lock-wood. H. Heinze.
K. Klpp. M. Joy, F. Rundin, P. Revert, R.
Burns, F. Hutches. J. Bosworth. L. Grueman,
J.Eraimy. W. O'Brien, R. Joseph. D. Mack?!.
¦ Under water ! ewimmins contest, diving for
plates, hich diving for boys— Free for all.
100-yard race, amateurs — F. Ralston. H. Irv
ing. G. Rollins. O. Freeth. R. Cordell. W.
Fisher, M. Dodson. O. Schiilts. J. Reymond,
H. Dougherty. J. Shustro, W. Cook, L. Hay
wards. G. Carroll. R. .Rldlnsr. F. Crowder. A.
Clayton. H. Lelcken. C. Augustus. M. Car
mody F. dough. H. Gilbert, O. Lowenbergr,
H. Beyfuss. T. Wolfe. H. Dodson, L. Fisher.
M. 1 Lowenthal.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— R.
James. O. Mlsner, M. Sundburg. J. Hackett.
F Snrlnser O. Louis. C. Kline. C. Duke. O.
Brown? P. Logan. T. McKnio D . H. Stellje* W.
Clough, J. Stockton. W. Carroll, J. A. Jack
son, G. Kelber. L. Thomas., O. Beyfuss. «•
Carroll L. Dwyer. G. Wallace. P. Sundbur*.
M Coillrfs. E. Winfleld. W. Arxnacost. W.
Fisher; J. Orday. ¦ .
The members of the Lurllne and Arrow
clubs then gave an exhibition of high and
fancy diving. W. C. Pomin and W. Car
roll received much applause for the man
ner in which they executed a number of
difficult turns. -
The next handicap race will be held
Tuesday evening, July 2. The entries are:
E. C. Bonifield. W. P. Stockton. A. D.
Schmidt. W. C. Pomin, G. Wallace, E. I*
Smith. W. G. Bray. H. Heinze. J. A.
Jackson, W. F. Harris, H. B. Kennerson,
T. C. Loomis, H. Seebach, A. NIppert, E.
Dow and ueorge Harris.
Ed Stolle, 1 the prominent long-distance
swimmer of the Lurllne Club, will leave
next week for San' Diego to compete In
the races In .that city on the Fourth of
July. Stolle will enter the 8S0-yard and
one-mile races to compete with Wilbur J.
Kyle, who claims the championship of
Southern , California. The members have
much confidence In Stolle's ability and
are sure that he will win both the events
he enters in. .
Following are the list of entries for to
morrow's races at Sutro's:
The second race of the handicap series
of the Lurllne Swimming Club was held
at the Lurllne Baths last Tuesday even-
Ing. This event proved to be very excit
ing, owing to the close handicaps the con
testants received. The entries In the first
heat were E. B. Stolle. W. P. Stockton.
A. D.- Schmidt, W. C. Pomin. E. L. Smith
and W. G. Bray. W. P. Stockton won
first place and A. D. Schmidt second. In
the - second heat were G. Wallace. H.
Heinze, J. A, Jackson and 'H. Seebach.
G. Wallace was the winner, with H.
Heinze a close second.
SWIMMING FOR
FINE PRIZES
Bunnell's House, which was destroyed
by fire last summer. Is being rebuilt and
will be ready for all comers by July I. Mr.
McMahon,. the veteran angler of the Big
Spring, Is already there and Is trying to
locate a few of the big ones he los,t last
year.
Webber Lake Is rather late this year.
Last season fishing started on the 4th of
June, but up to date no fish has been
caught.
Ellert Beens ana Ralph Sow of San Jose
left on the ISth for the lake, and It Is be
lieved they will break the charm.
General Ed Fay has Just returned from
a week's fishing trip on tho Carmel River.
He reports good catches.
Pescada Landing, on the other side of
Belvedere, was crowderl with fishermen
last Sunday, Smelt In quantity is in the
bay and big baskets were recorded. W.
Kratz and J. Gray caught forty-five large
ones between them. ;¦¦„.
J. B. Kenneff. C. B. Hollywood, J. A.
Parriser, "Doc" Watt, W. Smith and T.
McManus were at ElCampo last Sunday
and caught many smelt.
The first contest of the last half of this
season will be held . at Stow Lake this
afternoon and to-morrow by the San
Francisco Fly Casting Club.
Gcod rock cod fishing is reported oft
Point Bluff at Tiburon. Smelt la being
caught with 4-fi hook.
R. Isenbrudk and Dr. George Gunn
fished at Purisslma and San Gregoxio last
Sunday. They used the brown hackle
with red body fly and caught 105 between
them. The fish averaged eight Inches in
length.
R. Sangster, J. Rodgers, S. Sangster and.
a number of others intend going to the
south fork of the Eel River on a hunting
and fishing trip. They will leave on Au
gust 1 and expect to be gone a month.
Latest reports from Big Meadows state
the water is still high, but rapidly .reced
ing, and good fishing will soon tx* In order.
Mr. and Mrs. Jeff Well3. enthusiastic
flickers of the fly, left last week for that
point and will stay two months. They
will afterward work their way to Boca.
via Reno, to their old stamping grounds.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack O'Kall "of Alameda.
who have spent several seasons at the
Meadows, are on the scene. Mr. and Mrs.
Leet of Oakland are also there.
The Fish Commission reports that fish
ing in Lake Tahoe is improving yearly.
Statistics show that 58,600 pounds of trout
were shipped from Tahoe by Wells. Fargo
& Co. in 1900. • That Is the record to date,
exceeding the largest previous catch,
which was 33.000.
Colonel Kelihor will leave on- Monday
for Verdi and will stay at the Country
Club. -:..,• •
A. T. Vogelsang and wife and Fred
Johnson leave for Big Meadows on Thurs
day, where they "will remain several
weeks.
Horace Smyth and A. D. Finch will
leave for Big Meadows on Monday. Finch
will remain for a few months.
Fishing in the Truckee, in the vicinity
of Birds Eye, is improving, and should be
good for the remainder of the season.
Fishing at Lake Tallac is said to be fine.
Several beautiful catches were made there
last week. • \'."^-.'-
It has for some time been the favorite
fishing haunt of Judge Hunt, A. T. Vogel
sang. John Slebe- and many other well
known anglers.
Fishing In the vicinity, of Stony Ford Is
said to be ripe. F. L. Goldlng of that
place- writes to The Call that there have
been more biff catches during the last
week and much better fish than in the
past four years. He says Mr. Tuttle
caught six fish with three casts yesterday.
One of the catch measured twenty- two
inches. Anglers who wish, to go to Stony
Ford should remember t that the staso
leaves Maxwell and not from Site3, as in
previous years. The Big Stony Is prob
ably one of the best fishing rivers in the
State, and it Is among the least known.
Devotees of Izaak
Walton Are Going
Into the Country 7 .
FISHERMEN
IN SEARCH
OF STREAMS
Occidental Club Outing.
The Occidental Athletic Club will hol<1
Us first summer cross-country tramp to
morrow under the direction of Captain
Al t Collins. ¦ The; run will " be - from Mill
Valley to the' top of Mount . Tamalpals,
which will be followed by luncheon at the
tavern. As seventy-flve of the members
have placed their names on the list a
lively time Is anticipated. ¦¦;,,*
Among the list are: A. McVlcker. W.
Collins, T. R. Creely. W. Jacobs. T. J.
Lvdon. F. P. Haynes. J. Flynn, G. Cun
ningham, Al Collins,- L. Kenny, R. Gren
nan, A. Woelfel. J. Walsh. O. B. Hay
ward. J. Condon, E. Antron. J. D. Ma
honey. J. Kennealy. J. Howard. G. Kelly,
R. Donovan. W. Gainey, T. Holland, F.
Mullnux, M. Dolan. Dr. N. Wachhorst.
W. Stapff, A. Quatnan. F. Stapff an«
others.
YACHTING, BOXING, ROWING, BASEBALL
4
THE SA^:FRANCiSGQ CA1,L, SATUtf^the State University contending in V
open regatta. . ; ..-_, v r - , •;.
Prizes to Be Offered.
At a.meeting'of the 'regatta committee
held last night It was formally announced
that the , Oakland Fourth; of July celebra
tion committee has appropriated the sum
of $670 for the oarsmen*^$100 for the swim
mers and, $30 for the transportation of
boats to and from "Lake Merritt. It was
decided to give first prizes of $100- and
second prizes of $50 in each barge race; to
offer first prizes of $35 and second prizes
of $20 in each shell apd skill race, one
prize being given in events where there
are two starters and two prizes in races»
with more than j two - starters. There
will be swimming races of . 100 and 440
yards, a Yelay ; swimming race and a
water polo game, the sum of $115- being
awarded in prize3 in the swimming
events. The officials of the regatta will
be selected at the meeting to be held
next ¦ Friday evening, _ June 28. C. H
Smith, president of the Alameda Boating
Club, was appointed secretary in the,
place of . W. B. Hinchman, who left for
the East last night. C..H. Smith will ask
the advice of Al Rogers, the boat builder,
as to the best means of transporting tbe
barges apd skiffs from this city to Lake
Merritt. Tents will be provided for the
use of contestants. The delegates were
reouested to have the entries from their
elu"bs ready next Friday, though the entry
list does not close officially till Monday,
July 1, at 8 p. m., at the Olympic Club, t
fornia also will take part in the regatta
on July 4 on Lake Merritt. . Hitherto the
oarsmen. of the university have had few
opportunities of- measuring themselves
against -• the " representatives of. the -bay
rowing clubs, jis the rowing regattas gen
erally are held on Sunday, and 'the au
thorities of the university do not look
favorably upon racing on that' day. "The
university : crew consists of \Vaddeleigh,
bow; Harley, No. 2; Muller, No. 3; Cerf,
stroke, and Boyle, cockswain. Cerf is the
most experienced of the four, as : he won
the outrlgged skiff championship of the
'university in November of last year. .The
university boathouse/- is on Sessions
Basin, East Oakland, and the students
have the advantage of practice on the
smooth water of Oakland Creek; for, this
being vacation time, they are able to go
out every morning before the wind gets
up. Until a few days ago they used an
outrigged four-oar, built without • laps,
but, as this boat could not be classed as a
"barge," which is lap-streak and has no
outriggers, they are now using a barge
loaned to them by the Ariel Rowing Club.
The crew has also had the advantage of
being coached by W. B. Goodwin of Yale.
The stroke, owing to his comparatively
short stature, tends rather to hurry his
men, who do not reach out and lack body
swing. However, if they can hit up a
rapid stroke and establish a lead, they
will be formidable opponents in the junior
barge race, especially as they have, their
whole- time to devote to practice, what
ever the result of the race may be. it is
a satisfactory thing to have a crew from
Krug and Nordyke do not don their war
paint at the opening of the game. Ladies
were -wont to think the quartet untidy
boys because they smeared their faces
Notes of the Game.
Xow that the Germans have struck
their batting gait. Hlldebrand, Schwartz,
SXTMMART.
Earned run— Lob Aneeles. Two-base hits—
Epie*. Householder, Courtney. Sacrifice hits—
Reitz, Reilly. First base on errors— Los An
jreles 3, Sacramento 3. First base on called
balls — Off Harper 3. oft Hale 4. Left on bases
—Los Angeles 8, Sacramento 8. Struck out—
By Harper L by Hale 7. Hit by pitcher— Kelly,
McLaughlin. Double plays— Harper to Hanlon:
Bowman to Spies. Passed ball— Spies. Wild
pitch— Harper. Time of game-lSi. Umpire-
Graves. • n. •
f Tot&ls 32 2 5 0 24 12 4
•Batted for Harper in ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ix* Angelee 10001011 •— 4
Base hits 10003111 »_7
Sacramento 0 0 110 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 001101011-5
Totals 30 4 7 0 27 13 6
6ACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. e. ¦ 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
McLaughlln, L I.... 3 0 10 10 0
Courtney. 2b 4 12 0 12 2
Doyle, r. t 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
McGuckm, c t 4 0 10 2 0 1
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 10 1 o
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 3 10
Sheehan. 3b 3 110 2 0 0
Harper, p 8 0 0 0 2 4 0
•Strtcklett 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
inning- with fire in their eyes. Evans
walked Dunleavy, who stole second and
came home on Drennan's third safe bump,
just beating Hildebrand's beautiful throw
in by an inch. Drennan took second and
was then advanced to third on Streib'a
fourth single. Moskiman went out and
Drennan and Streib came home on singles
by Arrellanes and Fraiicks. The next two
were outs.
The Germans could do nothing when
they came to -bat and the crowd went
home, some jubilant and others depressed.
Following is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf 5 0 6 01^0 0
HHdebraud, If 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
£chu-artz, 2b" 4 0 1116 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 0 0 IS 0 0
Krug\ e. 8 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Norayke. rf 4 110 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 « 0 O 1 5 0
Graham, c 4 « 3 0 7 1 0
Evans, p 3 « 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 36 1 6 2 39 U 1
OAKLAND. .,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Dunleavy. If 4 10 13 0 0
Drennan. cf 5 2 3 0 0 0 0
Str*?ib. rf. 4 14 2 0 0 0
Eae»n, lb 3 0 0 0 13 0 0
ArreManes. 2b 4 1 1 1 1 5 0
Francks. b. s 5 0 10 16 1
Moore. Sb 4 0 0 0 0 6 1
Lohman. c 2 0 0 1 5 0 1
Hodeon. p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
MoEklman. lb 2 0 0 0 7 0 0
Tot&ls 37 5 9 5 30 20 3
KUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ean Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 — 1
Ease hits 2 10010002 C— 6
Oakland 0 00001000 4—5
Base, hits 1 001020104— S
SUM1IART.
Runs responsible for — Evans 5, Hodson 1.
Two-baf« hit — Drennan. Sacrifice hits — HUde
brand, Evans. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 2, Oakland 1. First base on called balls-
San Francisco 1. Oakland 5. Left on bases-
San Francisco 8. Oakland 8. Struck out — By
Evans 7. by Hodson 3. Hit by pitcher — Str*>ib.
Double plays— Reilly to Schwartz to Pabst;
Krug to Pabst. Time of game— 2:05.- Umpire—
Tyler. Official scorer— McFarland.
Baseball at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, June 2L— Hale was vic
torious over Harper in a pitchers' battle.
Each team had men left on bases in near
ly every inning. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff. r. f 2 2 0 6 10^1
Reitz, 2b 3 1 1 0 '3 2 1
Householder, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Spies, c 4 0 10S20
Hutchinson. lb 3 1 1 0 7 1 0
Reilly. 2b 3 0 0 0 2 3 3
Kelly. 6. B 3 0 10 2 3 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 10
Haler P 4 0 2 0 0 10
Oakland, S, Can rrauettco 1,
Ten Innings
\\ wm « etcher*' haule bnween H«y
Rvan* and Ur,i^r iif«u.'n up u> the ntiUU
trmtng y«*ter<Uy- «\ u>-.'u- t >uvu 1N*fK,
*hen \\s$ pftUnt ©t rtetory resied m the
ISvaft* *tftHe>l the same w»h »«»&l *i*?wl,
bUt tttVkKl^i Um clow «f \\W *SW\\V*\. U \\\-
ittu\i*ht>d «hv1 lip wu\0i mu Iwttie the
\\\t\*> 11^ tirrhtaii 1 * IWtHtPf htt« XPVrK
frtflkt^nuin to hi* olrtUt tttttl «u to the
lime h«» took tm tipreneUm hfld tl»e Uoftu*
flofctt to live hits. Up walked Itve duihttf
hcpalitlm and lost the Rahi«\
Little ltoa>on flayed in better hiok. 11*
only allowed one man a lire and kept the
hits well scattered. Thanks to Moore and
Ms« own endeavors, three Fingles were
everted. He was oool and put the ball
over the plate In bewildering fashion.
Hr-dcan gapped the climax by fanning
Behwaru. who was the last man up for
the locals.
The game was full of Interest and vic
tory hung: in the balance until the tenth,
when the Dudes swooped down on Evans'
curves and planted four singles In us
many minutes.
It was an ideal day for a baseball game
arid the attendance was pood for a week
dav. The Dudes went tirst to bat, but
dm nothing startling. The German band
also made their little bow and then went
out to play. Neither team could score
unti] the sixth, although each had men
on the sacks and in several instances half
way home. Oakland broke the spell "in
that inning. Drennan rapped out the
long-est hit of the game, the ball gt»ingr
over Hildey's head, but Mr. Drennan
could only take two cushions. StreSb fol
lowed with a neat single and Drennan
raced home with the first run of the
game. Streib stole second and eventually
reached third, but expired - there, as the
next two were ea,sy outs. Kagan in the
seventh gave way to Doctor Moskiman,
who covered the first bag in his usual
clever fashion. Nothing startling hap
pened until the last half of the ninth,
when, with two men out, Graham tied
the score with a pretty hit over second.
There was tumultuous applause as Xor
dyke galloped home from second.
JCrug opened this inning with a sharp
hit to third, which was cleverly fielded by
Moore, who threw to Moskiman. Umpire
Tyler called it out, but the home rooters
thought differently. Nordyke banged the
Sball and Moore made a sensational stop,
spoiling a two-base hit. Josh ¦went out.
and then Graham staved off defeat by hLs
nit.
The Oakland nine came in for the tenth
Oakland Nine Beats
the Dutch in a
Long Contest.
TEN INNINGS
REQUIRED BY
THIS GAME
City Attorney Lane advised the Super
visors y'esterday that the legislative act
providing- ' for the payment of jurors in
criminal cases in the Superior Court is
constitutional, and suitable appropriation
must be made for the payment of the
fees..
and fifth heats and race. Time. 2:lSii 21Si
2:19*4. Dr. Shorb took third and fourth hears.
Time. 2:16%. 2:20M. Vlometa. C K \V and VI;
Schiller also started.
Pacing, match purse, $1000— Lottie Smart
won in three straight heats. Time 2 12>i
2:12V4. 2:lUi. Raymond M and Eonnle Direct
also started. • • ¦. /
Six furlongs^ — George H. Ketcham won Bul
garian second, Jersey Maid thtrd. Time" 1-15
Four and a half furlongs— Bijr Dutch' won
Joe Bush second, Jack third. Time, . :53
Five and a half furlong*— Taurus 'wen
Prince Russell second. Don H third. Time.
Six furlongs— Peg Parks won. Bourbon sec
ond, March Past third. Time, 1:15%.
Must Fay Fees for Jurors.
GLEN COVE, L. I., June 21.— Th&
Woman's Metropolitan golf championship
tournament has reached the last stage.
To-day fhe semi-finals were played on the
links of the Nassau Country Club and to
morrow the final match play round will
take place. The survivors of the-thirty
one contestants are Miss Genevieve ;
Hecker • of the Essex Country Club and
Miss Ruth Underhill of the Nassau Coun
try Club.
In the semi-finals to-day Miss "Underhill
defeated Miss C. G. Willis by five up and
four to play, while Miss Hecker won from
Mrs. H. B. Ashmore of Baltusrol on the
home green by one up.
GOLF CONTEST
IN LAST STAGE
FAMOUS MIDGET CREW OF THE SOUTH
ENDS TO STRIVE FOR NEW HONORS
University of California Four-Oar Is Practicing Every Day and
/Will Make a Strong Bid for Junior Barge- Championship at
the Rowing Regatta on Lake Merritt on Independence Day
. NEW YORK. June 21.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
Selling, six furlongs— Relna won. Ante Up
second. Irene Lindsay third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Selling, six furlongs— Double Six won. Spry
second,- Princeton Girl third. Time, 1:15.
The Daisy, five .furlongs — Leonora J.orlns
won, Sombrero second, Laodlce third. • Time,
1:00 3-5. s
The Speedwell, selling, six and a half fur
longs — Glennellle won, Sadducee second. Him
self third. Time. 1:19 1-5.
Selling, five furlongs— Playlike won. Fonda
Luca second, Linora third. Time. 1:01 1-5. ¦
One and an eighth miles, on turf — Decanter
won. Prince Richard/ second. All Gold third.
Time, 1:53 2-5.
CINCINNATI, June. 21.— Newport summary:
1 Seven' furlongs— Nels Morris won. Fusion
"second. River Princess third. Time, 1:23V4.
Five furlongs, selling — St. Sidney won, Billy
Mason second, Ethel Davis third. Time. 1:01%.
Four and a half furlongs, selling — Dougherty
won, Georglana second, Reclusa third. Time,
:57. ---
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Banquo II
woiv Caloocan second. Lady Ezell third. Time.
1:21%.
One mile, selling— Brother Fred won. Pine
Chip second, Quaver third. Time, 1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling — Rice won, Naficy Till
second. Gold C third. Time. 1:24%.
5 ST. LOUIS. June 21.— Fair Grounds sum
mary:
Five furlongs— Sister Sarah won ..Maggie
Clopton second. Lacrlmae third. Time. l:02»4.
Five and a half furlongs — Huntressa won. Zo
raide second. Josie F third. Time. 1:0914.
Six furlongs— Ben Ledi won, Grantor second.
Northern Spy. third. Time, . V.UM.
One mile— Don Paxton won.' Menace second.
Miss Theresa third. Time, 1:41%.
One and three-sixteenths miles, over five hur
dles — Eva ¦ Moe won, Zufalllg second, Bristol
third. Time, 2:13. . *
One mile and twenty yards— Hilee won. Or
ris second. Pimachel third. Time, 1:42ft.
DETROIT, June 21.— Highland Park sum
mary: • • .
Selling, seven furlongs— The Brother won,
Custodian second. Sempir,e third. Time. 1:31. .
Four and a half furlongs— IUawano won, Or
la second Easter Boy third. Time. :57»4.
Six furlongs — St. David won, Scorpio second,
Horsa third. Time, 1:15%. ,
Selling, five furlongs-pLinden Tree won, St.
Hera second, Halmetta third. Time, 1:03.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles—Filibus
ter won. "Wine Press second. Montana Gent
third. Time. 1:50%. .
Selling, six furlongs— Rotterdam won. Speak
Easy second, The Geezer third. Time, 1:16^.
DENVER June 21.— Results at Overland:
Two-yenr-old pace— Vioway won in two
stmlght heats. Time. 2:54Vi. 2:49%. Hebee
Wilkes. Klataway and Rorney also started.
Trotting— Louise Jefferson won first, second
HORSES FIRST
TO THE WIRE
HRNM3V, J\w? 81,-The 'Fenraiylvdntft
oarsmen w^w Qn.th^ r^gaUft w\jrs^ toe*
fore noon to-.rtav anrt rowert \\\w§ «\Upa,
wUh opw8ton»» nvwata of hftv^ TQwi^ff* tn
whteh 8tfoK© QwnUn%r hU mi> Iq 8S wUh»
y%v* ?»\t^ Qwrtuwe M«««8*f llwyt, "bvu
\\\$\f 1)Iau» wftfH, this Mte v^^thef la
IVWKlMft them tw\ Rtittd\ a ; »
/lh»* r;ii>tnl»\ Hhv\ feeviretrtrj- wt the htftri*
fl«r ttnvvin* Olub rrtU^d u\\ th^> Ametloans
mtt exehnHWit wrdial wuvtoBtes.
The UHhtMirul ditltouliy m ooaohthg the
FeitttR.vhatt!iUis t due to Kills* Ward's In*
ability to ride a horse or bicycle on the
towpalh like the other coaches, was over*
eome to*day by engaRtng a Bteam launch
In which Ward accompanied the crew.
The Innovation excited comment, as it
was the first time a launch had ever been
used at Henley in coaching.
Ward is groatly pleased with the crew's
work and with the courtesies the Ameri
cans have received.
Pennsylvania's. Crew
Shows Up Well
til HC-HU Vi
THEIR WORK
AT THE OARS
IMPROVING
E. Corriffan's b. f. Rose Tree, by Bona
vista-Fannle Relph, won the Worklngham
stakes (handicap) of 15 sovereigns each,
with 500 sovereigns added, for three-year
olds and upward, distance the' last three
quarters of the New mile. J. D. Wardell'3
bay colt by St. Florian-Chance, was sec
ond, and W. C. Whitney's b. f. Spectrum
(L. Reiff). by Orvietto-False Light. wa»
third. Twenty horses ra*. Rose Tree was
ridden by Charles A. Thorpe, the Ameri
can jockey.
American jockeys rode winners in six
out of the seven events in which they con
tested. -
LONDON, i\sm « 4 »W, C, WNtwy'a
m\* at Aucoi i©M\»y, The wntftttana «t
\he f»«« \sev^ a« foihvftit Tt\^ A\*\h\\*
SJ*» «»«« \& tniiM *i»» mu el ihe nuke*
l U»\ rtB \\\
lMJtr>h*Ml«iuw ( l vt» Uelrth llfPt; t.ont tlrtr*
jvntrts eh. v\ »Vnitmhlrttt k 4 V K!f
Hugrti'ttamspl {<S, Hcirr) v D^cotidi: J t \v\
Lf>rt)rtOh> lv. ft. Bt^ritt brtw, 4, MAtlon*
LA FtPChP, thtnl. 1*en hrtirsfB trtn.
\\*v O. Whitney** Mount V>rnon Oily (L.
Kp'fT) w-on the Windsor Castle stakes.
Mersy Onl (L» Helii) won the Hnrd
wloke stakes of £200« added to a sweep
stakes of £10 each. Rouprernont was sec
ond and Pierre ixirlllanVs Tantalus
(Maher) was third. Five horses ran.
The Triennial stake3 were won by Sir
R. Waldie Grifllth's Veles (J. H. Martin).
An objection was made to Veles on the
ground of "boring;." but it was overruled.
W. C. Whitney's filly Elizabeth M (L.
Reiff) won the Kingsland stakes of £W
added to a sweepstakes of £10 each. Za
noni (Mnher) was second and the Twin
Caster filly was third. ¦»
Place Three More Vic
tories to Their Credit
i at Ascot Course.
WHITNEY'S
HORSES IN
RARE FORM
TENNIS, FISHING, CRICKET AND ATHLETICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JUNE 22, 1901.
Sudden ; Death of Mrs. McCormick.
.• Mrs. James McCormick, residing' at , 2658
Seventeenth ' street, ¦ died | suddenly I yester
day morning. S Coroner Leland will hold an
inquest on the body. •
Mayor Phelan yesterday signed .the tax
budget for the next fiscal year, which was
recently, adopted j by the Board of ; Super
visors, and the measure is noV a law. The
Mayor; did not utilize his prerogative of
vetoing, any specific appropriation, as the
various, items were all adonted v/ith his
consent The assessment roll of $405,000,003
madn possible certain additional .-, appro
priations .aggregating $50,000, which- were
passed. -
Mayor Signs Tax Budget.
General A. .'W. Barrett.' president; A. S. Ber
ry, , Kentucky; C. C. Paine, Cleveland;- H. C.
Lon?, ' San Francisco; Charles Stallman, San
Francisco; John Caffery, San Francisco; F. V.
Rider,; secretary, Avalon; D. C. Pixley, Orange,
N. J. ; .'William Burnham.r Avalon, Cal.; T.
S. Manning. Avalon. Cal.; N. W. Howard,
Avalon, ' Cal. ; O. O. Orr, Avalon. Cal. ; W". K.
Bentlef , : Seattle; Colonel C. P. Morehouse
Pasadena; IC A. Eddy, San Francisdo; J. B.
Banning. Los Angeles; J. C. Cllne, Los An
geles; \V. . A. Baldwin, Buffalo; John F. Fran
cla, Los - Angelos; P." J. -Tormey, San: Fran
cisco; D. \\. - Klrkland, Los Angeles ;¦ E. L.
Doran, Avalon; M. G. Foster, New- York;
Charles , F. Holder, , Pasadena;- Franklin S.
Schenck.' New York; E. N. Dickerson.- New
.York; D. S. Alexander, "New. York; G. F.
Steele, Chicago. . . ..'-.-¦¦
The Tuna Club held a banquet on' the
evening of June 15 and the following
members sat around the festive board:
The first tuna of the season was caught
a few days ago at Avalon, Santa Catalina
Island, and excitement is running high.
Among those who are glorying in the fact
that they have landed their first fish of
the "season are Colonel R: A. Eddy, whose
catch weighed 124 pounds; F. S. Schenck,
assisted, landed one that scaled 148
pounds; O. Orr' caught a 124 pound one;
D. C. Pixley; a 134 pounder; Hon.! John F.
Francis, a ;132,, pounder; Hon. v Joseph
Chamberlain, one weighing 100 pounds;
and Colonel C. P. Morehouse brought in
one weighing 14£ pounds.
CATCH THEIR
FIRST TUNA
- United : States District , Judge de Haven
yesterday made ! appointments of :, United
States Court Commissioners as follows;
N. C.Briggs of Hollister, for San^Benito;
Joshua" B. ; Webster of Stockton, ' for : San
Joaquin County; E.;H. Heacock.for San
Francisco County, and E. A. Daugherty,
for Monterey. County.' The term 'for which
the ; appointments were made . is " four
years, beginning July 10. .
Court Commissioners Appointed.
Postage - to : Be Reduced to One Cent.
The President who.succeeds in -getting ! this
measure ' through': Congress iwlll hold s a :• hlgli
place in the esteem of the people, but no higher,
perhaps, : than the estesmrin .which. everybody
holds Hostetter's ' Stomach " Bitters. . This ; medi
cine ', gets, at : the, starting- ..point; of disease by
acting' on" the . stomach, . helping that ' organ . in
its duty of; digesting : ( ood.'; ¦-.- It , cures dyspepsia.
Indigestion,' constipation,^ stimulates the, kid
neys,' and strengthens the nerves.'- Be sure to
try it. ¦¦ • - . ' f
: The Board of 'Public Works yesterday
awarded the contract for the . conveyance
of : street sweepings , from 'the bunkers at
p:ieventh and Bryant streets to Golden
Gate Park to the Market-street Railway
Company " at the rate of ; thirty; cents per
cubic yard. : The- secretary, was directed
to advertise for sealed proposals for the
construction : of a temporary -laboratory
at the Lowell High School.
Will Kemove Street Sweepings.
terested parties appeared before the Su
pervisors' Judiciary Committee yesterday
in opposition to, the proposed building or
dinance submitted by the Board of Public
Works. . After the . protestants had been
heard City Architect 'Mooser made the
astounding admission that there are many
mistakes incorporated in the ordinance,
and the committee will order a number of
amendments, necessitating the. redrafting
of th'e measure. ¦
P. H. McCarthy,. president of the Build-
Ing Trades Council, objected to the pro
vision in the. ordinance reducing the thick
ness : of asbestos on roof covering, . t and
Architect Mooser acknowledged that the
reduction was an error. S. H. .Irving ar
gued against the use of asbestos," claiming
that an asphalt roof was perfectly safe.
He asked that asbestos be ; eliminated
from the requirements, as it did not add
to the safety of the building if it was laid
over wooden sheathing. _, . • , . .
BTJTXDING, ORDINANCE
WILL BE REDRAFTED
City Architect Admits That Many-
Mistakes Are 'Incorporated in
the Measure.
A large number of builders and other in-
PHILADELPHIA, June 21.-Hugh Jen
nings to-day signed a contract to play ball
with the Philadelphia National League
Club for the balance of the season. His
release was purchased from Brooklyn.
Signs With Philadelphia.
tween Baltimore and Detroit was a pitcher's
battle, in .which McGlnnity 'had the better of
It. -Attendance 2294. Score:
Clubs— . " R, H. E.
Baltimore .£.". 4 8 3
Detroit..... 3 5 3
Batteries— McGinnlty . and Robinson; Cronln
and Shaw.
To-morrow morning two teams com
posed of employes of the Southern Pacific
Company will try the national game at
Recreation' Park. It will be the uptown
offices against the clerks at Fourth and
Townsend streets.
Roy Evans seems to play in hard luck'.
Every time he twirls a few more innings
are tacked on. It may seem odd, but his
team mates are weak at bat. when he is
on the slab. Twice last week Roy had
to bat in the winning runs. He has often
worked against Hodson in the East and
generally came out on top. Yesterday
Mr.. Hodson reversed the order of things.
The locals still have a slight lead in the
league race. All the teams are bunched
and the race grows more exciting as the
season progresses?
Graham's over-anxiety to nail a man
stealing second has led him to drop or
fumble the ball. Twice In yesterday's
game he made these breaks.
Pabst failed his team at a critical mo
ment yesterday. For the first time in
many games he failed to drive out a hit
when it was needed.
When the Dutch went to the Southland
last week they were half a game ahead of
the Legislators. Strange to relate they
lost three out of four and yet returned
home with a bigger lead,, as Sacramento
dropped four with Oakland. Such are the
fortunes of baseball.
"Ham" Iburg will be In the points for
the Dutch to-day and "Doc" Moskiman
will officiate in a like capacity for the
Beans. "Ham's" ankle is on the improve
but he is stepping In high places.
It seems to be the style for circus
catches in center field. Drennan pulled
one down a few days ago,- and Mr. Croll of
Alameda followed suit in yesterday's
trouble.
"Steamboat" Croll was caught napping
on bases twice during yesterday's game.
He escaped once.
Oakland's "dummy" fund is increasing.
Moore will' be asked to. contribute twice
for misplays -and Dunleavy once for indif
ferent fielding in Thursday's game. This
fund will be divided among the players
who were not assessed during the season.
A foot race between Jones of Los An
geles and Babbitt of Oakland would be
an interesting feature of a game. Both
are lightning fast on bases and ought to
do the hundred in :10 3-5 seconds..
Cal Ewing intends taking a month's va
cation in the wilds of -Trinity County. He
will leave on July 1. During his absence
Petey Lohman will scold the team. .
Evans seems the only pitcher on the
German nine who can hit. He Uses a
sawed-off bat and the opposing twirlers
use an outshoot to advantage, as he must
reach for the ball half the time.
Held is still a sick man and will be sent
to his home in Los Angeles to recuperate.
When he again goes into the game he
will guard the initial sack for the Dudes,
and "Truck" will exercise his wing-in
third territory.
with mud. This was their scheme for
bringing luck.
. SALT LAKE, Utah, June 21.— Eddie
Smith of Salt Lake established a new
amateur record for one mile at the Salt
Palace to-night, riding the distance An
competition in 1:59%. The previous record
was 2:00 2-5.
Establishes a New Record.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, June 21.— St. Louis could
do nothing with Orth's pitching to-day and the
locals won in a close and interesting game.
Attendance 765. Score: ;m*
Clubs— K, ±i. Ji..
St. Louis •••••• \ ,1 ?
Philadelphia 4 1Z l
Batteries— Harper, Jones and Nichols; Orth
and McFarland. Umpire— Emslle.
BOSTON, June 21.— Boston had no trouble in
winning to-day, making it live straight from
Chicago. Attendance 500. Score:
Clubs- " R. H. . E.
Boston • 5 I |
•Chicago 3 6 Z
Batteries— Lawson and KIttredge; Hughes and
Kllng. Umpire— Nash.
BROOKLYN. June 21.— Brooklyn made twen
ty-six hits for a total ' of thirty-four bases
against Cincinnati to-day and won in a canter.
Kennedy was in good form and held the visitors
well in hand. Attendance 1900. Score:
Clubs- ,¦ n. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 7 5
Brooklyn 21 26 .2
Batteries— Parker and Peitz; Kennedy and
McGuire. Umpire— Dwyer.
NEW YORK, June ' 21.— The , New Yorks
played splendidly to-day, scoring a clever win
over Pittsburg. Taylor's pitching puzzled Ihe
visitors. Attendance 4000. Score:
- Clubs— ; . R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 .5 0
New York 3 ; 9 1
Batteries-^-Wiltse, Phllllppland Zimmer; Tay
lor and Bowerman. Umpire— O' Day.
; AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, June 21.— Boston won the game in
the third inning, two hits and three errors net
ting three runs. Lewis was hit hard, but was
steady at critical times. Dowlingr pitched a fine
game. .Attendance 2995. Score:
Clubs— * : R- ' : H. ; . i E.'
Boston Jj 8 -2
Cleveland -.< •••••• 3 10 3
Batteries— Lewis ¦ and Schreck; Dowling and
Wood. \ ¦ .
WASHINGTON, June 21.— Mil waukee won to
day's game by bunching hits in the second and
fourth innings. Attendance 2834. : Score: .
Clubs— R- H. .• E.
Milwaukee ......"......• 10 . 14 2
Washington 3 13 . .5
Batteries— Reidy and Maloney;- Gear, Carry
and Grady.
PHILADELPHIA, June 21.— Inability to hit
Griffith resulted in a '. shut-out for the ' home
team at the hands of Chicago.** Attendance
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 S < 1
Phiidelphia 0 '6 1
Batterles^-Grlfflth and Sullivan;. Platt and
Powers. .
BALTIMORE, June 21.— To-day's game ' be-
BOSTON PLAYS
IN GREAT FORM
NO four-oared barge crew that has
ever rowed on' the bay of San
Francisco is better known or
has acheived a higher reputa
tion than the "Midgets" of the
South End Rowing Club. This crew,
consisting of Henry Bode, s bow; Robert
McArthur, No. 2; "Gus"- Carson,: No. 3;
Frank Duplissea, stroke, and George Mc-
GriU, cockswain, won the senior -barge
race at the El Campo regatta on. June 20,
1897, and the senior barge championship
at the regatta on September 19 of the
same year. On this occasion the""mld
gets" "defeated decisively their old op
ponents, the "Giants" of the Stockton
Athletic Association.
For the last three seasons, however, the
"Midget" - crew has not been heard of,
the disqualification . of Robert McArthur
as an amateur having deprived the South
End Rowing Club of his services as an
oarsman and coach. At a meeting of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union, held a few evenings ago. it
was decided that, as McArthur has
abstained for more than two years from
taking any interest or part in professional
sport, he will be readmitted to amateur
standing. The old "Midget" four has ac
cordingly been reorganized, with Mc-
Arthur at No. 3, and Carson on No. 2's
thwart, and will take part in the senior
barge championship race on Lake Merrltt
on Independence day.
.University Crew Will Bow.
A barge crew of the University of Call-
In future all scores of the games played
in the regulation handball court of the
Olympic Club on Sunday will be published
in the newspapers. Captain James will in
future arrange the matches for that day
and he hopes that by publication of the
scores to incite greater interest in the
fame and also cause the members to put
xorth their best efforts to win. Some
match games . will be played in the court
to-morrow.
The following games will be played at
the San Francisco Athletic court to-mor
row:
Tournament game. first class — J.
White vs. W. Maguire. Regular four
handed contests— SI. Dillon and A. Pen
noyer vs. E. Maloney and G. Hutchinson,
G. McDonald and SI. McNeil vs. P. Mc-
Kinnon and D. McDonald, E. ! White and
J. Glynn vs. A. Whiteman and W. John
son, J. R. Bockman and L. Watermjtn vs.
D. J. Sheehan and N. Berger,. E. Barry
and J. McBrearty vs. M. Kirby and D.
Regan, W. H. Sleberct and W. F. Stapff
vs. W.. "Walsh and R. Longabach, D. Con
nelly and M. Joyce vs. J. Lawless and
W. Williams, J. C. Nealon and J. Collins
vs. A, Hampton and R. Linehan.
HANDBALL IS
VERY POPULAR
The indications are that fully 50.000 peo
ple will see the race. Mayor Harrison and
Chief of Police O'Neill have both decided
there shall be no open betting. It is be
lieved the New York system of -betting
will be' followed.
Local opinion is widely divided. In fact,
there never was such a diversity of opin
ion and it is pronounced on "all sides a
very open race. His Eminence and Bonni
bert, however, have the biggest follow
ing, with the Schorr stable and Terminus
next. Lady Schorr to-day seemed to have
grown quite out of "her lameness of yes
terday.
The Parader arrived from the East late
this afternoon. He made the trip most
successfully, looking good and fresh after
his leng journey. As a result the opinions
of the betting men have shifted toward
him as the most probable winner. It has
been believed the effort to send him out
here only the day before the race was a
mistaken i>olicy, but he looked so well
when he was led from the car at Wash
ington Park this evening that everybody
who saw him was impressed by his good
appearance.
T. P. Hayes, who Is at present In litiga
tion with the Western JocKey Club,- Is the
owner of Lady Strathmore, and he has
not announced who will ride her. She Is
regarded as a doubtful starter and It is
thought Royal Victor may be sent to the
post in her stead. Jimjnez is also re
garded as a doubtful starter, inasmuch
as he has been beaten time and again on
the local tracks . this spring by cheap
horses.
qhicagiq, June SV-AU u in r»««»n«M
for the fevineeMh running <rt the Amert*
can l>^r\*^ at the Washington Part track
t©«n\&m>\\\ Fourteen candidates are ex»
l»*»et*»<\ t« «« to the past aurt white ©ne.
w Iwo of thw are UKety- to he scratched
te*nwriw, then? ti also the po»*U»iUU' of
an added »tatter> so that the field may- be
Uie wpwnrt iflisfM m the history of the
elautN fifteen having «m fop the ttoVM
W«rta i » Fair itti&e tn im The wornlne
loMitahi la for a fAtrt^ Kuod trttclu The
ir«<?k i* fa*i «t i>rt>tK>ttu bui ihere-t* every
tmltcdiimt of a. thunder fthawer before
tnorhlM*. Whether this \vM be heavy
chough to make the truck Blow Is prob*
lekM&ticat.
The fleld that promises to go to the
post, together with the betting and the
Jockey?, Is bb follows:
Three Horses Divide
Favoritism on Eve
of Race*
BIG FIELD
TO START
IN DERBY
TWO OF THE CRACK BOAT CREWS WHO HAVE ENTERED FOR THE BIG REGATTA TO BE HELD ON LAKE
MERRITT ON THE. FOURTH OF JULY. VALUABLE PRIZES HAVE BEEN OFFERED FOR THE VABIOUS
EVENTS AND GREAT SPORT IS ANTICIPATED. * ' '
5
netting I HORSE. I
|AVt. I Jockey.
¦ - " .. i _ .. 1
6 to 2 Bonntbert {
6 to t The Parader
& to 2 His Kmlnence
6 to 1 lleau Gallant
8 to 1 Ellvenlale
S to 1 Lady Schorr
8 to 1 Terminus
10 to 1 Robert Waddell
10 to 1 Sadie S
12 to I Sannazarro
20 to 1 Brutal. ;...
Ktol Six Shooter
75 to 1 Lady Strathmore...
ICO to 1 Jimlnez
127 N. Turner
127 PlBKOtt
127 Odotn
122 Spencer
127 J. Woods
. 127 .Wlnkfield
122 Coburn
11!) Van Dusen
117 McGinn
122 Boland
122
115 KuUinaii
117
12? H. Michael
netting I HORSE. I
|AVt. I Jockey.
¦ - " .. i _ .. 1
6 to 2 Bonntbert {
6 to t The Parader
& to 2 His Kmlnence
6 to 1 lleau Gallant
8 to 1 Ellvenlale
S to 1 Lady Schorr
8 to 1 Terminus
10 to 1 Robert Waddell
10 to 1 Sadie S
12 to I Sannazarro
20 to 1 Brutal. ;...
Ktol Six Shooter
75 to 1 Lady Strathmore...
ICO to 1 Jimlnez
127 N. Turner
127 PlBKOtt
127 Odotn
122 Spencer
127 J. Woods
. 127 .Wlnkfield
122 Coburn
11!) Van Dusen
117 McGinn
122 Boland
122
115 KuUinaii
117
12? H. Michael
STATEMENT
OF THE: t •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
7 -OF THE—
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, in the State of New York
on the 31st day of December. A. D.. 1900.
and for the year endlns on that day. -as made
to ¦ the Insurance Commissioner of • the State
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash JMO.OCO CO
ASSETS . =
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company..... £123,630 00
Cash in Company's Office • 9 64
Cash in Banks 63,131 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,436 61
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 4 58.51108
Due from other Companies for Re-
_ insurance on losses already paid... 1,532 00
Total Asset3 4549,310 59
.LIABILITIES. ===
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2.21$ CO
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 15.634 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,633 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $223,617 71; .
reinsurance 50 per cent...; 114. 3CS 88
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $51,995 3S;
reinsurance pro rata 33,123 3S
All other Liabilities 29,697 43
.Total Liabilities $193,618 C5
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium* $233,879 53 j
Received for - interest and dividends
on Bonds, - Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 13,292 13-
Recelved for profit on sale of Bonds. 23.750 00
Total Income ; $277.92177 *
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ , losses of previ-
ous years) • ....". J1S0.903 27
Net amount paid for Marine Losses . .
(Including \ -, losses of previ-
ous years) .: V.:. 264 34
Dividends to Stockholders.: -24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage '.. .72,935 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2,765 00
Paid for State, . National and Local'
taxes 7.820 06
All other payments and expenditures 2,334 39
Total Expenditures J291.022 7V
. . . • . - i
Losses Incurred during the year $157,835 61
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums-.
Net amount of Risks
- written -during the
year $38,653,272 $404,9S7 (X
Net amount of Risks
expired .during the — '
year ........:.......... 34.233,215 317,669 33
Net amount ¦ in force
December 31. 1900 23.466.862 280,613 09
JOEL FRANCIS FREEMAN, President.
¦ EMIL E. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th ,
day of January, 1901. •
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
STATEMENT
OF THE— ' • -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
'-%' 7-.'.
nooiirinnh 8 nmnini!
Assurance Lornpany
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK, in the State of XewTork.
on the* 31st day. of December. A. D. 1900.
and for the. year ending on that Car. as made
to the . Insurance . Commissioner of the State
nf "California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, capital. ...
Amount 'of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash '¦ K0O.0W 00
; assets.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ?434,306 lo
Cash in Company's Office 10 0/
Cash In. Banks.... •• 30.5S0 <3
Intereet due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans „•;:"' '
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 63,2o6 00
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... I.aa7 00
Total "Assets $520,988 54
LIABILITIES. — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... $1.086 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or *
in Suspense U> 2H XX
Losses resisted,* including expenses. 2s0 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 1218.869 40;
• reinsurance 50 per cent 109,43*70
Gross premiums on Kire Risks run-
nine more than one year, J61,o24 C<;
reinsurance pro rata... » 34.277 11
All other Liabilities..... 27.049 93
Total Liabilities 1191.103 74
' INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire '
premiums 12^,283 40
Received for intereet and' dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and „„„.„„
from all other sources............... 13.901 ?2
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 3,960 66
. Total Income $243.133 88
EXPENDITURES. -.•
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
> (including $— . losses of previ-
oua years) •• jih.su i»
Net amount paid for Marine Leases
, (Including 1 . . . ..losses of previ-
ous years) *••• '°* **
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or • •
. Drokerage • •••-. -— .1.6S6 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other „
charges for officers, clerks, etc....' 3,08a 00-
Paid for State, National and Local - ¦ J
taxes .'-.-¦. 6,219 23
All other payments and expenditures 2,845 92
Total Expenditures $232.202 23
. . Fire. . .
Losses .Incurred during the year...... ?15g."60 72
Risks and. Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks :
written during the
year . • • . *37.S4S,294 JC94.SS2 69 .
Net amount of Risks
. expired . during the
year ...... V. 31.623.933 328.524 86
Net amount in •• force
• December 31. : 1300. .... 25.C24.823 • 280.393 47.
-ROBERT C RATHBONE. President.
¦R." BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.- ¦
- Subscribed , and . sworn to •¦ before . me. this
Nth day of January. 1901. ¦ • :
- - ¦ GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public. .
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
All sorts of people use Pears' n oap, aa sorts -
of stores sell it, e»pecial!y druggists.
'PACIFIC DEPARTiUENT.
C; A. HENRY & Ca, General. Agents,
2io Sansome Street, San Francisco, Cal* .•Awoman loves to be liked; 'a man likes
to be loved. . . .
Canada Claims the North Pole.
.We 'are meeting with the usual difficul
ties which follow a policy of expansion. It
has always -been supposed that Canada
was the proprietor of. the North Pole and
that' we could have the. article whenever
we.choseito call for.lt. But no sooner, do
we propose to. go* and bring ' that ¦ pole
home" than claims are- made by other
countries which taper off in that direction,
arid, it is'Vald now that we are entitled to
only" one-quarter of the pole/. We are
strongly opposed to jingoism, but
are some things wearenot' prepared to
stand, and .we > give due notice that we
will wade knee-deep In Ink* before we will
give j up any part of" this .birthright v of
every. Canadian.— Toronto Globe. :
Among the new shades of. dress {gjpods this sum
mer are dracaena, acaucaria, pensee, volubilis, Roi
barbeau, matelot, petta, Caspianne and admiral. It will
be well to make note of these and post. yourself. Your
girl may wish you to admire her gown some day'and
it will never do to give the wrong name to the tint
of it. '
At a recent banquet of . the American Women's
Club in London the gifted author of "The Heavenly
Twins" said in the course of her speech that the
American man is as good, as the American woman,
and that in her next incarnation she intends to marry
an American. After such a declaration the critics of
this country will have to treat' her books tenderly.
A description of the private car now being con
structed for Schwab of the steel trust says it is to be
seventy feet long' and will contain two staterooms,
a dressing-room, a dining-room, a bathroom and a
kitchen. '. An ; observation room- will be made entirely
of plate. glass. Onyx will be used largely for the floor
and walls, and the wood will be chosen carefully. ¦'. A
piano-room, will be one of the principal features. With
a car like that for one of the hired men of the combine,
it appears the steel magnates may yet make the Van
derbilfs look like thirty cents.
A Toledo young woman has brought suit to enjoin
a prominent young man of the town from "imposing
his attentions': upon her; and yet if he' should obey
the injunction , ; we may. next hear of her bringing suit
for breach of promise.
¦ Carter Harrison of Chicago does not deny that ex
perience in office at the head "of a municipal adminis
tration fits a man for the Presidency, but he has grave
doubts whether Mayor Johnson of Cleveland is the 1
right ihan to prove the theory. ': •
The reports that General, Botha is willing to, sur
render continue to 4 come "along, but now that :. Mrs.
Botha has.declared she will never consent to such a
thing.it is fair to assume the. old man. will stick to
?he warpath for the sake of keeping peace at home.
The recent meeting of the Y. M. C. A. in Boston
has resulted in a discussion of the' propriety, of ex
hibiting copies of the nude statues of ancient Greek
art in a public place; and Boston has become so
much absorbed in it as to have lost interest in- the
Philippines, the negrces of the South and the base
ball games. Fortunately there is no danger of the
controversy spreading any farther west than Chicago.
FREDERIC HARRISON, who has just returned
to London after avisit to the United States, has
contributed to the Nineteenth Century an ac
count of his impressions of American life which are
in the highest degree complimentary. They are, in
fact, a little bit too eulogistic, and the pleasure given
by the praise is marred by the fact that the commen
dation is so indiscriminate, that we can hardly accept
him as an altogether trustworthy critic.
He begins by expressing admiration at the thor
oughness with which we have absorbed all immigrants
of different races and developed one people over the
whole wide extent of the republic. Between one sec
tion of the Union and another he says there are no
such differences as exist among the English, Irish,
Scotch* and Welsh of the British kingdom. "From
Long Island to San Francisco, from Florida Bayto
Vancouver Island, there is one dominant race and
civilization, one -language, one type of law, one sense
of nationality. That race, that nationality, is Ameri
can to the core. And the consciousness of its vast
expansion and collective force fills the. mind of
American citizens as nothing can do to this degree in
the nations of Western Europe. Vast expansion, col
lective force, inexhaustible energy— these -are the im
pressions forced on the visitor, beyond all that he
could have conceived or. had expected to find."
Passing to a consideration of the vital forces which
animate the people he points out that within a very
few. years 'the United States must hold the foremost
place in the world without dispute, that our natural
resources exceed those of all Europe put together,
and that our social and political system is more fa
vorable to material development than any other.so
ciety ever devised by man. The ingrained sense of
equality reacts upon all citizens and all things. Of
the officials at Washington he says: "It is true that
Congressmen have not that repose of manner which
marks the caste of Vere de Vere; but the men who
are charged to speak in the name of the state 'will
be usually ' found to rise to the occasion with that
facility which enables every, genuine American to
adapt himself to play a new part and fulfill an uiiac-;
customed duty."
.All of that is excellent and true. We can accept it
with gratification as the observation of an acute mind
and feel pleased that it comes to us from a foreigner
of such eminence as Mr.- Harrison. '.We can hardly
fail, however, to perceive that he has; not been either
a close student of our conditions or a careful critic
of them .when he goes on' to say: "As to the worshio
HARRISON ON AMERICA:
As one of the features of the New Orleans expo
sition to commemorate the/ annexation of the Loui
siana country to the Union it is proposed to erect a
monument to Napoleon Bonaparte, who arranged for
the transfer. It is not easy to see why Napoleon is
entitled to any special honor for his act; but then
there are a good many^Frenchmen in New Orleans,
and doubtless they wish a monument to the great man
and are willing to erect it for any old reason,,
OUR DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.
CALIFORNIA, andin an especial sense San
Francisco, owes much to the gentlemen of the
Rivers and Harbors Committee of the House
of Representatives, who have made the long journey
across the continent that they might determine by
personal investigation the nature and extent of the im
provements that are needed in such of our waterways
as are subject to Federal supervision.
In some respects such investigation was an act of
duty, and yet it is not one that is imposed by law. As
a matter of fact it could not be so imposed, for a sys
tematic study of all the rivers and harbors of the
country could not be undertaken by a Congressional
committee. That task is imposed upon Government
surveyors and engineers, who are especially charged
with -making such investigations and reports as Con
grress calls for. That which the committee has under
taken in tljis case, therefore, has been the performance
of a work over and above the obligations of their of
fice. It has been the outcome of a patriotic desire
to learn clearly the true conditions of our rivers and
harbors, to the end that' a better conception might
be had of the amount of appropriations California
may justly claim at the hands of Congress. .
The visit has been anything but a junket. From
the time they arrived in California the gentlemen of
the committee have been at work. They have' made
a personal inspection of every point in our rivers and
harbors along their route where improvements • are
needed. They have given their time and their atten
tion to experts and other authorities upon every mat
ter under, investigation. Their study of San Fran
cisco Bay, for example, has extended from Alviso
Channel to Napa Creek, and has included Mare
Istend Channel and all important points in the harbor
and along the Oakland water front. The result is that
the committee will have fuller information and a
clearer understanding of the importance of San Fran
cisco Bay and of. the genuine needs of improvement
than any other Rivers and Harbors Committee that
has ever sat in Congress.
It is to be borne, in mind the studies of the visitors
are by no means confined to this section of the State.
The scope of their self-imposed task includes all Cali
fornia, and each section and Congressional district
is to have due attention when the committee sets
about digesting the results of the examinations and
determines the extent to which they can recommend
appropriations for improvements.
For this careful study of our interests thanks are
due to our guests. Their visit would have been pleas
ant and welcome had they come but to enjoy a holi
day in our matchless summer climate; but coming as
they did, not for enjoyment but to work, and, more
over, to work for our sake and our welfare, they are
entitled to the highest recognition our hospitality
and our gratitude can bestow. .
To make a tour of the big churches of
New York Is a common thing. To visit
the little, unknown sanctuaries ia not so
common, but it is Infinitely more Interest
ing. One feature of these unadvertlsed
services that is worth noticing Is the va
riety of collection boxes still In vogue.
In no place is the old brass warming
pan or the wire corn popper still passed
around, but those Colonial makeshifts
have given way to devices scarcely less
primitive. The silver plates seen in the
more prosperous churches are the excep
tions rather than the rule in these un
pretentious chapels. There the shallow
wicker baskets stand highest in favor aa
temporary banks.
Plain wooden boxes on four-foot poles
are also frequently seen. Some of these
boxes are unlined, while others, to deaden
the sound of the falling coin, have a lin
ing of cloth or velvet. Cloth and velvet
caps on sticks are used In several
churches, and in one tiny chaoel on tho
upper east side a plain, everyday derby
hat answerg the purpose. Saltation Army
m£nv 'of ar tV S , tm K mOre "tllltariS? anT£
SriS%h t e h t r m^u r ri a n C e k s! collec «°- «•
A CHANCE TO SMILE
"Auntie, .dear, where do these fossil
shells come from?"
"Oh my dear child, a great many yeara
ago they were washed up here by the
sea." ' ¦ "^
"How long ago, auntie, dear?"
"Ever so long: ago, dear child."
auSS?"ipl V n e e n 1 , befOre yOU —born.
.J^uJ^? r was tryln * to explain to
the little girl what faith is. *"«««>
"Now, when your father plants his
flower seeds in the spring, how does he
know they'll come up?" °
" 'Cause our neighbors has eot chickens
™K < ? rt 7 1 S te^" That was a terrible typo
graphical blunder your paper, made."
"I understand Billlnger's book is out
vo the papers say much about It?"
"I should- say they did! Each of the
three leading Chicago Journals had a
whole page about it!"- . .,; /.
"What! A page notice?"
PlaTnbea^ef.' ' adverUsement -"-aeTeland
"Well, after you have . killed ' him; will
you sew this button on for me?"—Fllo
eende Blaetter.
ne^SsheSr novel
Authoress— Yes, my dear; but my hero
must die, you know. -.:
ODD COLLECTION BOXES
Charles W. Gill, a merchant of Denver,
Is at the Palace. |
H. Seymour, a merchant of Ogdensburg,
N. Y., is at the Palace. ¦ - .
M. H. Whittier, an oil man of Bakers
field, is at the Occidental. •_
L. V. Dorsey, ' a mining man of Grass
Valley, is a guest at the Lick. •
• W. P. Mc'Coombs, a mining man of
Sierra County, is at the Lick.
Thomas B. McCarthy, an extensive land
owner of Coulterville, is at the Lick.
T. Daniel Frawley arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday and is at the Palace.
Thomas J.' Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is at the Palace. '-,
J. T. Donovan and - wife and Miss
O'Brien of Paducah, Ky., are guests at
the Palace. ' J '
Dr. P. -V. Carlin of Denver is touring
the coast, accompanied by his wife. They
are "at the Palace.
Prince Albert and Prince Alphonse
Brogelie and party leave to-day for a trip
to the Yosemite. They will take the Wa
wona route via the Mariposa big. trees.
They will visit Alaska before returning
to Europe. -
Dr: T. E. Bailly has gone to. the Ha
waiian Islands' for. a few weeks' rest.
While there he. will be the guest of Dr.
and Mrs. J. J. Maloney. Dr. Maloney is
the Health Inspector of the Northern and
Southern Kona districts. V: : '?T
Calif ornians inNew York.
NEW YORK, June 21.— From San Fran
c _M. aco j J. Kaufman! at the Imperial; L.
Van Orden, at the , Albert; W. ¦ D. Mc-
Nulty. at the Park Avenue; Mr." Brand
buoh, at the Belvedere; "J. A. Hanford,
at the Sinclair; F- McPherson.at the Vic
toria; G. F. Neal, at the Hoffman; H. L^
Springer, at the Rossmore; Miss , R. S.
Quigley, Mrs. M. -Quigley, at the St.
Denis; C. H. Sherman, at the Herald
Square. ¦ ¦ ,' ."- . .. -' .
From ; Los Angeles— C. Linkenbach, at
the Imrierial. . . \
Few perhaps among the tourists who
visit Norway for the pleasure of its scen
ery are aware that they are at the head
quarters of Europe's ice supply. To the
mountain lakes of that country the Con
tinent looks for its Ice. The ice is of the
finest quality, for the lakes are of crystal
clear water, high up in the mountains,
and are surrounded by very tall pines.
The ice supply Is controlled by syndicates.
After having been cut into great squares
by plows, the blocks of ice are sent
down the mountain side on slides. On the
way down they acauire amazing velocity
and plunge into an inclosed pool, beyond
which are . the " ice-ships awaiting their
frozen cargo. ,
It sometimes happens that, through de
lay in the starling of these vessels, or the
cutting of unusual quantities from the
lakes to supply exceptional demands, the
supply runs short. Then it is that ice be
comes dear, and even in winter time it is
a luxury that must be indulged in spar
ingly. But ice is used In Europe far less
commonly than In America, and a defi
cient supply does not occasion the sense
of loss that it would cause in this country.
PERSONAL MENTION.
EUROPE'S ICE SUPPLY.
ALCATRAZ— M., City. There have been
a number of articles- published in local
papers, as special Sunday stories, about
Alcatraz Island and the prison there, but
this department cannot furnish the dates.
No special history of the island has been
published.
TO THE STATE-Subscriber, City.
Taxes on real estate become delinquent
on the last Monday in April of each year.
The delinquency must be published on or
before the 5th of June and the sale to
the State must be not less than twenty
one nor more than twenty-eight days
from the time of the first publication.
THE • EDWARD EVERETT— S., Oak
land, Cal. A. J. Coolidge, formerly sec
retary of the Merchants' Exchange of
this city, writes to this department ,to
convey the information that the Edward
Everett, of the line of - ships that came
to California around the Horn in the very
early days, left San Francisco for Callao
April 12, 1S50. "
BARBERS' LAW— A. S. C, City. There
were two bills before the Legislature dur
ing its last held session.' Both were
alike. The one In the. Senate went to
the committee and remained there, but
the one that was before the Assembly
was passed and approved by the Gov
ernor on the 20th of February. It pro
vides regulations for the practice of bar
bering, license for Individuals to carry
on that business and insures better edu
cation tq promote competency among
practitioners.. ¦ ?
A LOS GATOS MURDER-Subscriber,
Salinas, Cal. On the 4th of June. 1883,
Majors, Showers and Jewell murdered
William P. Renowden in Los Gatos for
the purpose of robbing him of a sum of
money he was supposed to have, and -in
the commission of this crime one Archi
bald Mclntyre was also killed. Showers
turned State's evidence against Majors
and Jewell and was sent to State Prison
for life, where on the loth of May, 1899,
he. was killed by a fellow convict. Jewell
was hanged in San Jose and Majors was
found guilty of the ;murxler of Renowden
and was sentenced to. imprisonment for
life. , On a motion for." a change of. venue
he was taken to, Alameda for trial for the
murder of Mclntyre, was found guilty and
was executed. '
NOT A PREMIUM COIN-H. C. M., Bo
dega. ~Cal. Dealers in old coins do not of
fer a premium for a five-dollar piece of
1833.
SHEARS AND RAZORS— A. S.. City.
Dealers in barbers' supplies are best qual
ified to direct you a3 to literature relative
to shears and razors for barbers' use.
MECHANICS' FAIR— L. D. B., City.
There will not be a fair this year under
the auspices of the Mechanics' Institute,
the directors having decided that such
would be inexpedient.
ILLITERACY— E. TV. S., City. Spain's
population is credited with being the
most illiterate. Germany, where educa
tion is compulsory, is credited with hav
ing the largest percentage of population
that can read and write. ¦'¦"'ii'
Among the heirlooms in the family of
Robert K. Thomas, of Lower Providence,
Par, Is an umbrella over 150 years old.
It t is believed ; to be the oldest in the
world. If it la true., as of record, that
the firsf umbrella used in England by a
man was In 1750, this old umbrella was
doing duty In the Thomas family before
the first Englishman adopted the um
brella as a shield against rain. ..- }.'.:
The average umbrella weighs about six
teen pounces, this one weighs exactly
¦thirty-two ounces. It is thirty-six Inches
high, forty-six in diameter and 144 inches,
or twelve feet, in circumference. It has
nine heavy wnalebone ribs, ] each one
fourth of an Inch square, and twenty-six
inches long. The cover is. a heavy green
material and there is hot a hole in it.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
OLDEST UMBRELLA.
WASHINGTON MEMORIAL.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the committee appointed last winter to
consider. the advisability of establishing a na
tional university at the capital have concluded that a
university of the kind is not advisable nor desirable,
and by way of a substitute propose the establishment
of a Washington Memorial Institute. The proposed
foundation is not to compete with universities, but
is to serve as a" medium through which all 'students
can have such facilities of study as the. national cap
ital and its great governmental departments afford. -
The establishment of a national university was one
of the desires of Washington, and in his will he left
a bequest for such an institution. For some time the
scheme was discussed by successive Presidents, but
nothing was ever. done. ""In those early days it was
felt that the country could not afford expense, and
the people were not aware of the immense benefits
which universities confer upon a nation: Then a time
came when the plan was. forgotten. When it was re
vived some years ago it was found that the country
had undergone a transformation. The objection
then made was not that the country is too poor or
that the people dp not appreciate the use of universi
ties, but' that so many institutions "of the, kind have
been established there is no longer need of one at
the national capital.
The advocates of the measure have, however, been
active and influential, and last winter Congress passed
an act providing: "That facilities for study and re
search in the Government departments, the library
of Congress, j the National Museum, , the Zoological
Park, the Bureau of Ethnology, the Fish Commission,
the Botanic Gardens and similar institutions hereafter
established shall be afforded to scientific investigators
and to duly qualified individuals, students and gradu
ates of institutions of learning in the several States
and Territories, as well as in the District of Colum
bia, under such rules and restrictions as the heads
of the departments and bureaus mentioned may pre
scribe."
With that much to go, upon it-is fairly certain that
had the committee in charge of the . movement re
ported in favor of a university Congress at the next
session, would have granted an appropriation and 'the
long desired university might at last 'have been es
tablished. The committee, however, has thought best
not; to promote a rival of the existing universities.
The .proposed Washington Memorial Institute is to
facilitate the use by students of the governmental re
sources at the capital, and is to co-operate with uni
versities in all parts of the country. It is of course
possible it may grow into a university after fll. Wash
ington has ceased to be a stagnant town. 'Whatever
is planted now in that city and is carefully tended is
apt to develop rapidly.' The Washington Memorial
Institute, therefore, may yet figure more largely in
the educational world than many a university that now
looks upon it as a. small thing. . ¦'¦}/;
keeping a regular monthly record of accidents In France.
From the figures given it appears that neither the railway, the
automobile nor the bicycle compete with the horse In. the num
ber of accidents, fatal and otherwise. ' .*'
. In the month of March, for Instance, these are the figures
given in comparison for the four classes:
Accidents caused by—
The horse 77 fatal
• ,733 Injured
, Total 818
The railway 9 fatal
76 injured
Total "k
The bicycle 3 fatal
66 Injured
Total ;. 63
The automobile 3 fatal
29 Injured
Total 33
Percentage of accident^ due to each class— v
DEATHS. Per Cent.
By the horse.... .........83.70
By the railway 9.73
By the automobile 3.2s
By the bicycle 3.25
INJURED. Per Ctmt.
By the horse ; 81. St
By the railway ; s.35
By the bicycle 7.35
By the automobile : 3.13
Particulars are given in the "Velo of the fatal accidents in
each. The "shying," or swerving, of the horse in the great
majority of cases is the cause of the accident. As might be
'expected, the fatal accidents due to the automobile, as to the
bicycle/ are generally those suffered by very young children
and aged or infirm persons. ,' T>
EVERY new vehicle has nowadays to run a severe gaunt
let before It can establish Its claim to general recogrni
. tion and every-day usefulness. The danger signal Is al
ways put up "to bar Its advance!- Those who venture to
givetrial to .recent*. inventions )n' locomotion seem to have no
other light ahead "of them but ;th,e*ired lamp. Besides anathe
mas of all sorts -hurled at' the newcomer by those who have
hitherto held the field, innumerable perils and risks are con
juredup in the interests of the public as likely to be incurred
¦If a. 'rival of the '¦ older means of transit should be allowed to
gain free way. .; ,.• \
it is now the turn of the/ automobile to pass through the
experience of the steam : locomotive and the bicycle.
'¦ When the horse ,.came into, general use as an aid to man's
progression doubtless there was an outcry from the conserva
tive section of mankind that the death rate would be terribly
increased. Legs; it was, probably, feared, might become a thing
•of the. past, so far as concerned those who could ride or drive
horses, and in any case the horse, with his propensity to shy,
'buck and kick, was a dangerous thing to be 'avoided!
¦«¦' That was in the early, days of civilization. When the steam
engine, less than a hundred years ago, became a rival of the
horse, all these fears were loudly, expressed.- The railway en
gine came to stay, the horse remained. Both joined forces to
resist the interloping tendencies of the velocipede and bicycle.
Loud were the complaints against their capacity for causing
accidents. The outcry had hardly died away, three or four
years ago, when the wheel reached the acme of favor as a pop
ular means of locomotion. Another object now receives the
same r.tream of criticism. The automobile is the "dangerous
animal" of the day. •
To show that the fears so loudly expressed as to the in
crease of danger through the introduction of the motor vehicles
have little foundation in fact, a French paper, the Velo, is
Quite a number of Democrats in Iowa have been
spoken of as suitable candidates for the Governorship,
but one by one they have declined to permit their
names to be used in that connection; ! and it looks
now. as if the Bryanites will have to advertise for a
Populist to make the race. ' •
DANGERS OF THE AUTOMOBILE, AS TESTED IN FRANCE BY A MONTHLY RECORD, DO NOT EXCEED THOSE
OF. THE BICYCLE AND FORM BUT A SURPRISINGLY SMALL PROPORTION OF THE PERILS ALWAYS IM
" -\\ MINENT'IN THE STREET?.
of- the 'almighty .dollar,' ' I neither saw \ it nor heard
of it;- hardly as much as wedo at home. I may say
the same as to official . corruption arid political in
trigue. Congress, ' Ministers, • Magistrates in the
United States seemed to me to be a:good deal. of
the same stuff as . Parliaments, Cabinets and Judges
with us. There are a few good j ournals ; \ but the
average press seemed to me dull, trivial, provincial
and harmless, however ;insipid.» The yellow press,
the brutal and gutter. press, I never saw nor heard of,
nor did I meet any one who read it. -New/ York, of
course,, has the vices of great cities, but they are not
visible-to the eye, and they are "f. drop in the ocean
of the American people." - ,-..C'v
The; man who was in New York and Washington
last winter and spring, at the time when' the Sena
torial contests and scandals were going on in Mon
tana, Pennsylvania and New Jersey;" when the com
mittee of citizens, in New York was bringing, to light
the iniquities of Tammany rule, and when thespecu
lations of l the stock market had drawn into Wall
street as into a -whirlpool thousands of women as
well as men, and' who can : say that he never heard
of the worship of money, or anything extraordinary
and. abominable in the way of corruption in politics,
must have confined his observations to very exclu-'
sive- company. He claims to have found most of the
Eastern newspapers dull,_ arid that may be another
evidence that he is purblind.
Be those things as "they may, we can afford to
overlook them for the sake of the generous commen
dation he has given of things he managed to see
clearly, and feel that he is justified in his closing state-'
ment, "that. the zeal for learning, justice and human
ity lies so deep in the American heart that it will in
the end solve the two grave problems which face the
future of their citizens— the eternal struggle between
capital and labor— the gulf between people of color
and the people of European blood." :
BY way of affording another demonstration of
the efficacy- of wireless telegraphy the New
York Herald has successfully operated the
Marconi system between the Cunard steamer Lu
cania and various stations along the coast of England
and Wales. The object of the demonstration in this
instance was to convince steamship men and others
of the value of the arrangements the Herald has made
to establish a wireless telegraph service on Nantucket
lightship. The experiments proved that a vessel at sea
can send messages to land and receive messages in
return even when the ship is not visible from the land,
nor the land station visible'from the ship. . -
• For the purpose of making the experiment a Mar
coni apparatus was set up on top of the captain's
cabin while the Lucania lay at the Liverpool docks.
The battery was attached to a wire that was carried
from the cabin to the top of the mast. As soon as
the steamer left the docks and had got fairly into the
stream the interchange of telegrams began and proved
completely successful.
The report of the event says: "For several hours
after the Lucania had crossed thie bar of the Mersey
communication between the vessel and the land,
which very soon was lost to sight from her decks,
was maintained. First of all wireless messages were
sent from on board the outward bound steamer to. a
training ship stationed in the Mersey, the Conway,
and on which the Marconi apparatus had been in
stalled. Then there came a time, as the Lucania
crept along the coast of North Wales, when, the ves
sel got out of range, as it were, and communication
with the Conway ceased, only to be reopened with a
second station as the Cunarder turned the corner of
the island of Anglesey into St. George's. Channel.
This second station was at Holyhead, off the west
ern coast of Anglesey. Here, at its entrance, St.
George's Channel is some sixty miles across, and the
route followed by the Atlantic liners leaving Liver
pool lies well but toward midchannel, so that it is
rarely that the towering head can be seen by pas
sengers."
The messages sent back and forth were sufficiently
long and sufficiently various to prove the practical
value of the system for virtually all kinds of
telegraphing. It is thus made certain that not only
will the wireless telegraph at Nantucket lightship en
able the Herald to transmit news of the appearance of
a vessel in that part' of the sea, but if the vessel be
provided with a Marconi apparatus the captains ' or
the passengers can communicate with the lightship
and through that directly with New York.
This new accomplishment adds force to the efforts
that are now being made to have the United States
Government establish a similar system of telegraph
ing between the Farallon Islands and this city. The
matter is really one of urgency. It is one of impor
tance to the Government as well as to the city and to
comme'ree.
It is to be noted that the work of equipping ships
with the Marconi instruments has already been well
advanced on the Atlantic. Gustav Schwab, general
manager of the North German Lloyd, stated in a.
recent interview: "Already two of our steamships,
the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse and Kaiserin Maria
Theresa, are equipped with wireless telegraph instru
ments, and on another of our new steamers a special
room is set apart for the accommodation of the
wireless telegraph apparatus."
Thus it will be seen that wireless telegraphy is rap
idly .coming f into general use. It has" been but a
short: time. since The Call first demonstrated the
availability of the system for the dispatch of news by
obtaining from a vessel at sea a report of the arrival
of the transport bringing home the California volun
teers, and now new steamers are being constructed
with rooms designed especially for wireless telegraph
ing. The invention has moved rapidly, and the Gov
ernment can hardly have a good excuse for neglecting
to make use of it between this city and the Farallones.
MORE WIRELESS MESSAGES;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL, SATUKD^I, J U 5JE 122, 1901.
ACCIDENTS BY THE HORSE BY
FAR ARE THE MOST NUMEROUS
SATURDAY .."..... JUNE 22, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor:
T A44rtM.AU Cemnmnie»tieni to "W. 8. LEAKE, Ktntger.
MANAGER'S '^^^rri^X^EZl^^^-^^^-^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. i. Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hr Carrier*. '15 Centii Per Week. -,
Single -Copies. B Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Fostnget
DAILY CAX.L (Including- Suncay), ' one year W-M
XJAH.T CAUL, flndudln* Sunday). « months *-<>•
DAJX.T CAUL," <lnclu«lnr Bunday). 1 months 1-M
DA1LT CAL&j-Bt €lnrls Month *&
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear w lM
All postmasters are nnthorlzed to receive
HDbncrl pilous.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Kafl frobaerlbers In orderln«r chanr» of address ehould b«
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to lorure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ;...1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGfTESS.
Mftstgtr Foreign A«Tertiiing, Karquette Bnildiog, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2€19.")
IJEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: - -;!
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: '• -
STCPHEir B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walterf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NKWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXCTOX (D. C.) OPFICET. . 14O« G St.. W. W.
MORTO.V E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRA5CH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
ontll i:S0 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. £15 Larkln, open until
¦ :K> o'clock. 19(1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until > o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
cctil > o'clock. KK Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
itOO nilntor*. open until 9 p. m.
6
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. TTmbsen & Co. — Mon<lay. July 24. at 12 o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call avbaerlben contemplating a chance of
rttldesce during: the rammer months can havn
Cfcelr i paper forwarded by mtx.ll to their new
•Adreaaea by notifying: The Call Bualneaa Office.
Tkia paper will alao be on aale at all rammer
•Morta and la represented by a, local aeent la
ail t*w»a mm the coast.
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Elegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bittern.*
Good Service and Quick Time.
The Santa Fe Route train leaving San Fran-
cisco 4:20 p. m. dally , now runs through to
Fresno, making the shortest time between S&n
Francisco. Stockton, Merced and Fresno.
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francltco July 1 at 8 p. ra . Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1: rate. J78 50 for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round trip tickets
to Detroit at $S2 23; July 3-4 to; Chicago 172 50,
and to Buffalo ; $S7. For sleeping car berths
cull on or address "W. D. Sanborn. General
Agent, £31 Market street.
A woman's true worth is measured by
the sweetness there la In her disposition.
_ Special information supplied daily to
business houses and "public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 10J2. •
CaL glace fruit EOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—' 'Heartsease."
Alcazar— "'Countess ValeEka."
Grand Opera-house — "Glsmonda."
Central— "A Kisrht at the Circus."
TIvoll — "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville everv afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball. /* ¦ i ""-'?
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Sutro Baths — SwlmmlneNENGINE-ROOM CREW OF THE SHERMAN
THINK THE TRANSPORT IS HAUNTED
Then the big iron doors that shut off
the ice-house were closed and the men
kept watch through a small opening.
made to locate they come from,
but so far without avail. Some one sug
gested that a cat might have got Into the
brine-tanks, so the manhole covers were
taken off and a search was made, but
neither cat nor spirit -could be found.
Then a special hunt with electric lights
was made. Every nook and cranny in the
ice-house and refrigerating rooms was
searched and every pipe and joint gone
over without result. Nevertheless prompt
ly at 1:30 p. m.' the next day the groans
began again. .
have made the freezing portion of the
steamship its headquarters, and the nie'n
are worried over the matter. In broad
daylight they laugh over the affair and
say the noise heard about 1:30 p. m. daily
is only a coincidence and the ethereal
forms seen by one or two of the gang are
only the result- of a vivid imagination.
Nevertheless when it comes to the mak
ing of an investigation not one of Chief
Engineer Kob's men will go into the ice
house alone.
IT Is not safe to talk about ice-housea
before any of the engineer's crew on
ttfe army transport Sherman. The
spook of a departed soldier Is said to
The new order issued by Chief Sullivan
changing the hours of duty of the police
officers Is not meeting with the favor of
the patrolmen. The officers claim that
changing the watch at 10 p. m. deprives
them of an entire evening off, which they
occasionally enjoy under the present sys
tem. The officers think the commission
should enforce the municipal law which
provides that eight hours shall constitute
a day's labor for all city employes. This,
they claim, could be easily done, as the
taxpayers have never objected to an in
crease of the fund allowed for police pro
tection and would not grumble at a re
quest for the number of men the enforc
ing of the law would require.
Nine-Hour Watch Not Favored.
ployers to the employes that they shall
in twenty-four hours leave the union or
leave the shops.
At a meeting of the employes a largo
majority of those present demanded their
withdrawal cards from the union and
with this action the difficulty Is practical
ly at an end. The presidenc of the union,
J. C. Stokes, was dismissed from his place
of employment this morning, while the
secretary, R. S. Douglas, quit of his own
accord. These are the only members of
the union who are not at work to-day.
The trouble originated over the demand of
the journeymen that the employers union
ize their shops.
SACRAMENTO. June 21.— The trouble
between the local journeymen butchers
and their employers has reached a culmin
ation by an ultimatum Issued by the em-
SACRAMENTO ..BUTCHERS
ISSUE; AN UI/TIMATUM
The executive committee of the Labor
Council and the members of the Iron
Trades Council will meet this morning at
ihoir respective ' headquarters to appor
tion the strike funds contributed by the
various unions. The division ' will be on
a pro rata basis, and the funds will be
distributed by. the executive officers of
trie various unions.
. The State Board of Barber Commission
ers will commence the examination of ap
plicants on Monday morning In their
rooms in the Emma Spreckels building."
After a short sojourn in San Francisco
they will proceed to interior points. The
law makes the qualifications very strict.
A large number of applications have al
ready been filed.
Eastern States notifying him of a large
number of concessions by Eastern iron
workers. One received late last night
?rom the American Federation of Labor,
he said, was highly satisfactory, but he
declined to divulge its contents. As far
as the local situation is concerned, no
appreciable change can be noted. Some
small concerns are likely to agree to the
terms within a few days.
Midsummer Day Festival.
TTi<» Scandinavian Patriotic League,
composed of delegates appointed from the
varicus Scandinavian societies of San
Frar.cisco and adjoining cities, have per
fected elaborate arrangements for their I
annual "Midsummer Day" celebration, to
be held at Shell Mound Park to-morrow.
They promise that it will eclipse all pre
vious affairs of the kind, and judging from
the excellent programme arranged for the
day a. good time is assured. The pro
gramme offered by the different commit
tees consists of literary exercises, May
pole dances, races, parades, tableaus. il
luminations and fireworks.
That the compromise was made some
time ago is evidenced by the fact that on
May 11 Lucy Hite signed a release of all
hor claims to the property. A peculiar
fact in connection with the case is that
on May 11 her former attorneys, Rogers
& Paterson, C. J. Hanlon and J. A. Adair
were dismissed by mutual consent and J.
J. Trabucco and G. G. Goucher were en
gaged in their places.
.About two years ago Lucy Hite brought
hf r suit for divorce and a division of the
community property. She claimed that
she had been married to Hite in 1S70- and
the decision of the court upheld her asser
tions. Appeal was made to the Supreme
Court by Hite, but before action was
taken both parties legally signified that a
satisfactory agreement had been made
and that there was no cause for further
litigation.
The attorneys for "Indian" Lucy Hlte in
her suit for alimony against John Hite,
the capitalist, have succeeded in effecting
a compromise with their opponents and
the case was dismissed yesterday in the
Supreme Court by stipulation.
preme Court on Request of In
terested Parties.
"INDIAN" LUCY HITE
EFFECTS COMPROMISE
Celebrated Case Is Dismissed by Su-
The general committee on arrangements
for the Epworth League Convention is
working hard to be able to secure ample
accommodations for the 50,000 visitors who
are expected here In July. ! It has learned
with some consternation that every avail
able inch of space in the hotels of San
Francisco conducted on the American
plan has been engaged for the period over
¦which the convention extends by advance
agents of excursion companies. As the
omcials of the league have been assured
sufficient accommodations # for the dele
gates, the questionrls of great importance.
Accordingly the city nas been appor
tioned into districts and canvassers have
been sent out. who will visit every house
in the city and engage rooms wherever
possible. It Is thought that in this way
many thousands may be accommodated in
private dwelling houses as well as in ho
tels. The Lay cities are also being can
vassed and many of the visitors will be
lodged in Berkeley, Alameda and Oak
land.
Dr. Beard says that the attendance from'
east of the Rockies will far exceed the
early estimates. Information is received
daily of new excursions which are being
arranged by enthusiastic leaguers.
A party of 250 from Philadelphia has
lately arranged to take the trip. A "Ken
tucky special." which will make a wide
tour of the West, is announced from the
Blue Grass State. More than 1000 guests
are coming from Iowa. Florida will send
several hundred delegates. New York,
Pennsylvania. New Jersey, Illinois and
the New Knpland States promise as large
delegations as Iowa. Excursions will be
run from every State in the Union and
very cheap rates are obtainable.
Many well known excursion firms will
conduct trainloads of the visitors through
the scenic pi;rt of the West and to this
city. The outlook at present is said to be
very bright, and interest in the convention
is rapidly Increasing: throughout the coun
tr;\
All Available Accommo
dations in City to Be
Engaged
Number of Visitors to Coast
During the Convention
Will Be Great
WANT QUARTERS
FOR LEAGUERS
the'-body of the prisoner. The latter was
sick when taken aboard at Manila, and
getting worse at sea, managed to reach
the hospital when nobody was watching
and got into one of the cots. He was at
tended by the ship's surgeon and cared
for as a sick soldier and not as a pris
oner. When he died from dysentery-. the
body was embalmed and put away under
the- name jof another man.' Only" when
the prisoner was missed was the mistake
discovered. The boys on the Sherman now
assert that it is the ghdst of this soldier
that is haunting the ship, because even
in death he could not get an "honorable
discharge." * "
Among those on the transport who have
heard the blood-curdling noises .are S.
Crisp, i third assistant engineer; Vail
Cooney, electrician; Jack Orr and Tom
Dittman, water tenders; Sherman Sparks,
iceman, and Jim Harold. Wednesday last
while the men were all below Cooney
came staggering into their midst and ex
claimed, "Boys, I've seen it!" He was as
white as. a sheet and in a few seconds
fainted. Jim Harold says he saw and
talked with the spook, but he refuses
positively to give, out the message he re
ceived. S. Crisp heard the noise and in
vestigated, but could find no plausible rea
son for the sounds. All in all. they are a
puzzled crowd on the transport, and the
laugh will be on some of them when the
real cause of the noises is discovered. In
their sober senses not one of the men will
admit a belief in ghosts, but when it
comes to a question o f going below many
of them rub their injured shins and re
mark that the decks are not in goock con
dition for sprinting.
Nothing was seen, but the noises went on.
Now two of the men say they have seen
the spook, and one of them fainted in tell
ing his story. Many ludicrous incidents
have happened during the spook hunt and
more than one of the men. has barked
shins, received during a hurried run when
the cry "of • "ghost" ¦ was raised. : ¦
On the Sherman's last trip from Manila
one of the prisoners . was lost. For days
no trace of him could be found and the
officers were almost ready to mark him
down as a suicide. .Then the hospital
steward discovered that one of the pa
tients he had returned as dead was still
alive. The box in which the * supposed
dead man had been put away was brought
out of the ice-house and in it was found
SOME OF THE SHERMAN'S CREW, AS SEEN BY THE CALL'S CARTOON
IST, WHEN DOING THEIR STUNTS ABOUT THE TIME THE SHIP'S
SPOOK IS DUE. . MANY BELIEVE THE BIG TRANSPORT IS HAUNTED.
'•¦ A rumor to ihe effect that the retail
butchers had notified the proprietors of
restaurants' displaying union cards that
no meat would be supplied them after
Monday, unless the card was removed,
caused President Lane of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance to ask the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, at its meeting last
night, to suspend its constitutional pro
visions and declare its intention to levy a
boycott on butchers so doing. An hour or
more was spent in the discussion of the
question and then it was decided to leave
the matter in the hands of the executive
committee, with instructions to ,'call a
special meeting of the Labor Council on
Tuesday night if it was % deemed . neces
sary. ¦¦¦¦¦-. ¦=¦•¦¦
, New delegates to the Labor Council
were named as -follows: Picture Frame
Workers, Herman Gebel; Packers,
Porters and . "Warehousemen, . J. E.
O'Neill, T.F. Dolan; Journeymen Horse
shoers, .' E. J. McGlade and "William
Storey; Laundry Drivers, Thomas Mor
row; ( Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance,
Charles F. Fleischman and J. J. Johnson.
Two new unions were admitted. The
Retail Delivery Drivers' Union sent as
their delegates J. T. O'Brien, F. Dunbar
and George Shepston. The Shipwrights
and Calkers* Union sent- as delegates
Adam Stuart and A. E>. McLeod.
Owing to the increase in the number of
delegates attending the council at present,
the regular weekly meeting place will be
transferred from Pythian Castle to Pio
neer Hall, 1 commencing with the first
meeting in "July.
Baseball nines from the Glassblowers
Union and the Retail Clerks' Association
will meet on Sunday, June 30, at. Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, for the benefit of the
Iron Trades Council. -
Painters', Decorators' and Paper-hang
ers' Union No. 136 announces an entertain
ment and ball at Teutonia Hall to-mor
row night.
Great preparations have been- made, for
the ball to be given "oy tne Teamsters'
Union to-night, • at Mechanics' Pavilion,
for the benefit of the striking machinists
and ironworkers. The Musicians' Union
has contributed a band of twenty pieces,
and the reports of the delegates from the
various unions indicate an immense at
tendance and a grand financial success.
Sailors' Union. Indorses Strike.
¦ The following resolutions have been
adopted by the Sailors' Union and ac
cepted by the executive committee of the
Labor Council:
"Whereas, In the past six months thousands
of wage earners on the Pa'ciflc Coast have im
proved their conditions and 'thousands more
are struggling to improve theirs, through the
efficient services of the San Francisco Labor
Council, assisted by Organizer Jefferson D.
Pierce of the American Federation of Labor;
and whereas, influences have been at work do
ing their best to prevent the wage earners
from obtaining the best results and have tried
to Instill in the minds of the public that there
cannot be any betterment of these conditions
without attendant violence and riot; and
whereas, the Sailors' Union of the Pacific, be
ing one of the oldest trades unions on the
Pacific Coast chartered by the American Fed
eration of Labor,- and clearly foreseeing that
when thousands of wage earners on this coast
move, to better their conditions there is likely
to be more or less friction where bo many
men are. on the move at once: therefore be it
Resolved, By the Sailors' Union of the Pa
cific, in regular meeting assembled, that we
heartily approve of the methods used and
tender a vote of thanks to the San Francisco
Labor Council, and extend to Organizer Jeffer
son D. Pierce our appreciation of the able and
efficient manner In which the present labor
disputes have been conducted, and * further
be it
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be submitted to the press of the city of San
Francisco and vicinity and that they be pre
sented.to the San Francisco Labor Council.
. _, A. FURUSETH, Secretary.
Secretary May of the Journeymen
Butchers' Union reported that about fifty
men who went on strike were'stili out
and could get no employment.
The porters, packers and warehouse
men reported that for the present they
had decided to withhold the schedule of
wages adopted some weeks ago and had
left the matter in the hands of the ex
ecutive committee.' / •'
George Sauler, a member of the Metal
: Polishers' Union, a recent arrival from
the East, has been expelled from the
union. He is accused of telling tales out
of school. .
Secretary Wisler of the Machinists'
Union is in receipt of telegrams from the
Pear That Meat Supply
May Be Cut Off
, Next Monday.
¦ ¦+————«
Ironworkers Have Reports
of Most Favorable
Character.
BUTCHERS PLAN
ALARMS COOKS
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. ; Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask' L.
M. Fletcher. 212 .California street. < •
"The . Missouri Pacific 3 Iiimited"
Secretary Emery of the Board of Health
is at present, preparing a sanitary code
for this city and county- on lines similar
to the one now in force in the city of New
Ycrk. ThCcode provides that no person
shall manufacture, produce,' compound,
offer for^sale or sell any drug or. article
of food, which is adulterated. '•* '
Preparing Sanitary Code.
To-Day's News Letter.
— A variety of topics fascinatingly han
dled is the characteristic - feature of this
week's News Letter. Aside from tne
regu.ar department devoted to things
and people of the smart set, there is a
fund of society chat and gossip. Betsie
Bird has contributed a budget of stories
on notables of the coast, and Mrs.
Chauncey de W5t's critique on clothes and
those who wear them is aa unconven
tional and as fascinating as usual. The
Looker-On is still a feature, and- no one
can afford to miss the tales he Has
gleaned) a bout town this week. • Robert
McTavish's original -sketches continue,
and the satirical- prose and verse of Town
Crier are. Hush with the times. Ella
Wilier Wheelcox ia good for a laugh, and
the editorial and dramatic selections are
as usual authoritative discussions lor
thinking people. ., .*
A letter was received in reply
by Superintendent Kirk from Doub, but
the letter was riot explicit. Kirk Immedi
ately wired to the Board of Education of
Kern County that- it at once forward him
at Sacramento a complete list of the books
used in the public schools of Kern County
and. also the instructions that are deliv
ered to both the teachers and the pupils
directing how the books are to be used.
Kirk said last evening that if this list
which he has ordered forwarded is not up
to the requirements of the law he will or
der a representation of the Board of Edu
cation of Kern County to appear, before
him personally at Sacramento and show
cause why the State approprlatoin should
not be withheld. ¦ ¦ .
'Mr. Kirk says that his attention was
first attracted to the trouble through .the
columns of the press. He immediately
wrote to Superintendent Doub of the Kern
County Board of Education and informed
him that his attention had. be,en drawn to
the reports that the board was not using
the series of books laid down by law and
that he would like a report at once as to
what books were being used.
More trouble Is brewing for the Board
of Education of Kern County. ..Charges
have been preferred against that body to
the effect that they were not fulfilling their
duties in failing: to use the series of books
laid down by the State Board of Educa
tion. Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, was interviewed
last evening on the subject at the Palace
Hotel. . :
State's Allowance for
Kern County May Be
Canceled.
DOUB'S LETTER
UNSATISFACTORY
On . your way to . picnic or ferry call on
Mohns & Mohns, 29 Market St., for finest wines
end liquors; biggest house; open Sundays. •,.:'
The body of an. unidentified drowned
man was found yesterday morning float
ing In the bay near .the foot of Folsom
street pier. It was taken to the Morgue.
Unknown Drowned Man Found.
Beautiful Picture Book of Yosemite.
Send ten cents to the Southern Pacific
Passenger Department, 4 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
For full information about established
routes, high class service, via Biggest
Big Trees, apply to nearest agent of- 813
Market street, San Francisco. . .
From investigations now going on in the
Assessor's office it has been ascertained
that Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank has been
accumulating an immense surplus by
shirking the payment of its taxes during
the past forty years. This is made pos
sible by a queer fiction of the law, and As
sessor Dodge ' is powerless to compel the
corporation to pay its Just share of the
expenses of the municipal government, al
though it receives abundant protection
therefrom. Notwithstanding the law's
defects Assessor Dodge has levied a fran
chise assessment of $1,000,000 on the con
cern, which has taken the matter .to
court. In discussing the subject Dodge
says: ¦''¦.*> ;-':5£'»'* '
The report of Wells, Fargo & Co. to the Bank
Commissioners shows the paid-tip capital of the
company to be $300,000. The surplus and profits
amount to $8,593,532 and the amount due de
positors 17,103,836. The report further states
that Wells. Fargo & Co.'s branch banks in New
York, Salt Lake and Portland owe the San
Francisco branch $7,875,127. To the Assessor it
says that sum is its capital apportioned to its
branch 'banks to do business on and is there
fore not taxable In San Francisco.
Under the laws of California the company is
allowed to deduct the amount owing to de
positors from the amounts owing to the cor
poration, and thus a large assessment is saved
to the alien corporation. Notwithstanding It
has accumulated an immense surplus, mainly
from the patronage of the people of California,
it sees fit to incorporate in the State of Colo
rado, where it has little or no business.
Of Its capital and surplus amounting to
$9,088,532, it reports fl, 118, 249 Invested in real
estate, two million more in wagons, fixtures,
etc., of the many express offices and branches,
making a total of $3,118,249 of its capital used
for Its buildings, cafes and fixtures, and leav
ing a net working capital for banking business
of $5,980,283. As it tells the Assessor the
$7,875,127 in its branch banks is the working
capital of the branch banks 'outside of Califor
nia and not taxable here, it must follow that
$1,894,844 of the money deposited in this bank
by the people of California is sent out of the
State, and thus $3,989,6$$ escapes taxation. The
tax on four million dollars at present year's
rate is $65,000. This amount put out at interest
at 6 per cent would amount to $3900 a year and,
compounding the interest, the principal, sum
of $65,000 would reach $130,000. As the saving
goes on each year the immense surplus of
19.098,532 is mainly accumulated taxes that it
has escaped In years gone by. Slxty-flve thou
sand dollars a year spent In paving streets for
the last forty years would have been $2,600,000,
a respectable monument to Wells, Fargo & Co.
' * #
Bank Accumulates Vast
Surplus at City's.
Expense.
WELLS-FARGO
ESCAPES TAXES
The sounds, so the men say, are Hk<
the groans of a person dying in grea
agony. All kinds of attempts have beei
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ JUNE 22, 1901.
Strange Noises Heard in the Icehouse and an Electrician Vows He
Saw the Ghost— Many of the Men Have Bruised Shins to
Show That the Cry of
7
AMUSEMENTS.
DERN, ( DOHERTY SISTERS, THE BIO-
GRAPH. . •
THE WONDERFUL EAST INDIA PYGMIES.
Fatma and Smaun.
ODELL. WILLIAMS AND CO.. EZRA KEN-
DALL. COLE AND DELOSSE, ED LATELL.
LESTER REEVES, GARDNER AND MAD-
BEST BILL IN YEARS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, JUNE 22.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
Fatma and Smaun, the Pygmies, will hold
a reception to children after the matinee and
after all matinees during their engagement.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasitic germs.
The importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg. Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. It explains why ordinary liair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure dandruff; because
they do not. and they cannot, kill the
dandruff germ. The only hair preparation
in the world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the
scalp into scales called scurf or dandruff,
is Newbro's Herpicide. In addition to its
destroying the dandruff germ, Herpicide
is also a delightful hair'dressmg. making
the hair glossy and soft as silk.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
EVERYBODY GETS A "CORKER."
SUNDAY. JUNE 30— "BABES* IN THE
WOODS." T
Popular Prices ........23c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9. -
TUESDAY. JUNE 25-SOUVENIR NIGHT.
THE
TO-DAY, Jane 22d, at 2.
ANOTHER TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE
EVENINGS AT 8.
"NEXT WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST.!*
Before Approached on This Coast.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY.
NEXT MONDAY— Mammoth Revival of
"UNCLE TOmS CABIN."
Produced on a Scale of Magnificence Never
Nellie McHenry"s Great Farce Comedy,
A NIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Introducing up-to-date Specialties..
YOU'LL SHOUT. SCREAM AND ROAR.
PWtffcS. Evenings ...10c. 15c. 25c. 33c. 50o
I fUVlO Matinees 10c, 15c, 25o
BELASCO *"° THMESjfepWE?
MATINEE TO-DAY and To-morrow (Sunday).
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Ev*gs— Last Times.
Good Orchestra Seat at All Matinees 23a
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
<*FEDORA."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 13c, 23c. 50c, 73c.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, In
SARDOU'S MASTERPIECE,
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
I GISMONDA."
GRAND 1 OPEPA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
cisL *^ QaJf S5 jft TT ID E? • Jk 2*
LAST TWO NIGHTS
ONLY MATINEE. SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS, '
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA
ORCHESTRA, FIRST SIX ROWS. I3c
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK I
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
SAPHO.
CHUTES and ZOO
"HEARTSEASE."
Beginning Next MONDAY NIGHT,
SS-UNDER 2 FLAGS
By Arrangement With DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's 5- Act Drama on Oulda's Novel
The Entire N. T. Scenery and Co. — 120 People.
Inolnding BLANCHE BATES »« "Ciftarette"
SEAT SALE NOW IN "PROGRESS.
HENRY MILLEft
— SEASON — —
Last Time Here of the Great Success, !
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL. PERFORMANCE
MATINEE TO-DAT!
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
MONSTER CHAMPIONSHIP
CAKEWALK!
Special To-Night.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TWENTY ROUNDS EACH.
CHARLES (Dutch) THUHSTON.
OF BOSTON.
" FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT-
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL of San Francisco
GEORGE GARDNER
JACK MOFFAT
CF CHICAGO
VS.
JULY 4,
BEFORE S3H FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS., 2 P. M..
Open Daily from. 7 a. m. to 11 p. ox
Bathing from 7 a. m- to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c: children. 20c
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Eighth and Harrison streets.
RECREATION PARK,
OAKLAND ts. SAN FRANCISC3.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
BASEBALL,
WILL BE PLACED ON SALE THIS DAY.
100 SKIRTS, in black and grray; seven-
flare flounce, trimmed with 0 Bk gflj
satin; value for $650. Of- JklLOll
fered at. ... ... . .... ..^ .... . . . . V.^"w"
BLACK SATEEN PETJICO ATS, ffo d J f|
marked down from $2.00 3y ILy
MISSES' JACKETS, L Pfl
marked down from $500 J , XI JjlJ
LADIES/JACKETS, tailor-made, A I jjrf
marked down from $5.00 jjy 5J|J
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS,
trimmed with gold braid and vel-Xfl' 1 |S 9
vet; marked down from $8^00 to V WIW V
LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS; *'j (Tin
marked down from $5.00 thai LIU
1146 MARKET STREET, ",
UTCPWE'R' 5 ? CONCERT HOUStS.
riatnlinO Admission 10c.
: CHARITY, MARTIN, Slg. Abramoff. Paras-
kova : Sandollne, Erma Wins. • the Juggling
Gillens, Ed B. Adams, the Samayoas, Alice
Barnum and Stanley and Walton.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
For the Core of Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Stricture* and analogous complaint*
of the Organs of Generation.
Price U a bottle. For sale by Cruggimt*.
. . . ,
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
VfS
COPYRIGHT 1tO« tT TM« PROCTER A QAMW.I CO. CIHCINHATl
INSURED.
fa 7>|OU insure your house against fire. You know
J|||£ what Ipeople would say if it burned down
®3njp without insurance. They would say you
were wanting in business sagacity, that you
should have provided for this. Now leave house insur-
ance and consider clothing insurance. Here the danger
is even greater- — not from fire, but from the chemicals
and strong soaps used in the laundry. Wise women
insure their finer, more delicate and perishable things
against this risk, and the premium they pay is the
trifling cost of Ivory Soap. That guarantees protection.
IVORY SOAP -if FLOATS. <*,
P Aim 6real TraI " 1
H AHD runs but twice |
HIM ==T
M Tuc Leaving at 9 am. B
H it arrives in m
I ninrnnyii Chicafl0 at 2I5 1
iciiiFomiifi^iri
1 HMiTin ~~ «
3 LI ill II U) its big* standard I
E> of service is §f
I ON fully maintained. |
Isun Ft I
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
OF ANATOMY'
6 Gb 10nXA2BT6T.ljit.eA*7ti,S.rCal. |
\ Or "Tbe Largest Anatomical Museum in the
M Mi World. Weaknesset or any contracted ,
V fl^t§5i <lii<»se p»»IU»«-Ir«-»r»Ml r>y the oldest
6 k&$\ DR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
\ ffFH&B Consultation free and strictly private.
d I !*«/ ft Treatment personally or by Inter. A ff
\ I ST\tM F***Bv O^re in erery ease undertaken. T
i i if II A Wrt » for Boe^ ""«-••««¦* ,"* Q
W • if ii " B&BBIAGEi MAILED FREE. (AT
k H it valuable book for tarn) X
V OB.iOBDANAVO..I0Sl Market St.. S. F. f
HOTEL-
Visitors to San Krtnelsco wbo make
their headauarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences cot to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequa.te£
cosine; American And European plant*
¦yfiRAND HOTEL-
ADVKKTISTTlVrEJTTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.Fun rises .;.'. . 4.40
Sunsets... "..".'.!!!!". 7^5
Moon sets 4 ii:23 "v. m.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Body Found in a "Well.
1IEXA. Ark.. June 21.— The body of
Louis Hoyer, a Mexican, was found in a
well in the northern part of town to-day
by Mrs. Eg-g-Ieston. who went there to get
water. An examination showed that tne
neck had been broken. Many bruise3
were found on the body, indicating that he
had been murdered. Mrs. Sanders. Mrs.
Springer and Miss Margaret I>avls were
arrested to await examination by the
Coroner's Jury. Hoyer conducted a res
taurant. He had not been seen for several
days.
Judgment for Senator Clark.
NEW YORK. June 28.— Justice Mac-
Lean, In the Supreme Court, to-day, on
the application of Atwater and Cruick
shar.k, attoraevs for Senator "William A.
Clark of Montana," dismissed the suit
brcught by Professor George A. Tread
well for the recovery of 100 shares of stock
l»i the United Verde Copper Company. !
$46,480, and 18,000 feet of lumber dunnage, val
ued at $270. ' .
Additional Manifests.
FORNIA,
In addition to cargo reported yesterday the
steamer Umatilla, which sailed Thursday for
Victoria, carried 1626 pkgs fruit and vegetables,
649 sks potatoes. 155 sks onions and 8 pkgs
raisins, valued at $3153.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-house for the steamer Sonoma,
which sailed Thursday for Sydney. The mani
fest was valued at $1734 and consisted of the
following merchandise, destined for Samoa: 59
cs canned goods, 300 lbs beans, 200 lbs peas, 3
cs paint. 1100 lbs millstuffs. 1000 lbs coffee. 3
bales twine, 342 lbs ham and bacon, 2 j>kgs dry
goods, 40 crs potatoes, 10,080 lbs rice.
» •
-
Notics to'Mariners. -
SAN FRANCISCO ENTRANCE—CALI
Notice is hereby given that the mammoth
nun buoy, painted red and numbered 2, mark
ing Port Point ledge, • San Francisco entrance,
California, which • recently went adrift. - has
been replaced in about the old position — In 45
feet of water. - . -V : '¦ . .-: '
PIEDRAS BLANCAS— CALIFORNIA
Notice is hereby given that-- the. Pledras
Blancas whistling buoy; painted red ani let*
tered "P. B." in white, three-fourths of ' a
mile SW by W \b W of Piedras Blancas light
house, sea coast of California, reported not
sounding June 8, was put in good. w5rking
order June 18. . • .
This notice affects the List of J3eacoris and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1901, pages 20 and 15.;
By. order of the Lighthouse Board,
U. SEBREE. Commander, U. S. N.V
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse. District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, June 21.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 62 hours from
Victoria .and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 68 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, 63 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, 61 hours from
Tillamook; bound south; rut in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 34 hours ', from
Ventura. ,
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, • 46 hours from Sius
law. . - ¦
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bra<rz.
Stmr Samoa. Hansen, 46 hours from San
Pedro. K
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 50 hours from Re
dondo.* ." ¦ ¦ • ' '¦¦
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, ,5 days from Ta
coma. :
Schr Jennie Thelin, Jensen, 5 days from
Grays- Harbor. s
Schr Mary' Ktta, Nyman, 24 hours' from
Point Arena.
Schr Rio Rey, Mallet, 20 hours from Mendo
clno. ' s
S-hr Maid of Orleans, Morris, 31 hours" from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa, 'Alexander, San' Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Poran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nay, Co. =
•Br ship Belfast, Davies, Queenstown; Ep
pinzer & Co.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Fr bark Bronn. Cupper, Queenstown;' Glr- 1
vln & Eyre. • - . . . ¦
Fr bark Jane GuIIen, Roy, Queenstown; Ep
plnser & Co.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond & Co. /
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen, Hana; Chas Nel
son Co.
SAILED. . -.';
Friday, June 21.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, . Eureka.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, San Pedro. "-,,'.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Siena!, Bendeeaard, Astoria. ¦ '
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay. -¦ ' ¦ ,
' Schr Aloha,' Wehman) Usal. '-*">:' , ' ¦
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. SantaCruz.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Meade, Pafeo Pago.""
Br stmr Wyefleld.. Watson. Chemalnue. -
Tug Geo R Vosberg, Lorentz, Nehalem, with
barge C II Wheeler in tow.
Bktn Newsboy," Chipperfleld,; ; Port Town
send, t '¦ ' • : ¦ ¦ :¦ ].
S<;hr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing. . . ' '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 21. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, -.velocity 1G miles.
SPOKEN. "
Per stmr Jeanle — June 10, 1 40 miles south of '
Dutch Harbor, stmr State of California, from
Seattle, for Nome. ' . -
DOMESTIC • PORTS.' ' ; \ ' " - '
SOUTH BEND— Sailed June 21— Stmr' Rival."
for San Francisco; bktn Omega, for Mel
bourne. ,'« • - >.---» -, . ,- .,.' . .-. -
Sailed June 21— Br ship ". Poltalloch, for Vic
toria. , • ¦ . ¦ \ • . ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 21— Br shlpEn
glehorn. from Welhaiwel, for Puget . Sound. ¦,
PORT LUDLOW- Arrived June 21— Schr .Vo
lant, from Port Townsend;: schr W H Talbot,"
from Lahaina. ; . .' .
ASTORIA— Arrived June 21— Br ship ' Mada
gascar, from Hongkong. '¦ • >
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 9— .Stmr Va
lencia. June 10 — Stmrs- Humboldt, Centennial
and Oregon, . from Seattle; stmr, Portland,'
hence June 2. May 2*-Stmr . Dora,' from Se
attle. ¦ - .:; . .,-¦¦¦ .i-' ¦ ..-.- ,, ,;.. ,; -... ¦ :
Sailed June 10— Stmrs . Roanoke : and Santa
Ana, 'for Nome. Remainder to nail- soon. • -•?
TACOMA— Arrived June 21— Ship , Charmer,
hence June 8.
FOREIGN PORTS. '
COLON— Arrived. June 18-Stmr Advance,"
from New York.
N s^»«l J«ne 18— Stmr City of Washington, for
.: KINSALE— Passed June 20— Br ship County
of Dunfries. from Oregon, for United King-'
dom. June 21— Br ship Ben. Lee. from Ta
coma, for Queenstown ;. Ger bark Hassfa. from
Portland,' for Queet^stown. - ¦ - .
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 7— Ger stmr Pen
taur, for Hamburg. \
': BRISBANE— Sailed June 21— Br atmr Aor
ansi. for Vancouver. -. ¦
-•QUEENSTOWN— Arrived , June .21— Br ship'
County- of Dumfries, from.' Portland, .Or* Br
ship Seafarer, 'hence ~Feb 27. ' ¦ ';•/<.
CHEMAINUS-Salled June 20-Chil bktn Ha
waii, for Tientsin. . '
The field for their usefulness is large
and varied. War will cease to be, and
the nations of the earth will be at peace.
The unknown corners of the world will
be laid bare, and the dangers and de
lays of travel by land and by sea will
be eliminated, and California will have
the honor to be the mother of this great
invention. . •
It is now an assured fact that San
Francisco is to have the honor of float-
Ing the first successful ship of the air.
The Stanley type of airship has success
fully weathered the storms of legal com
plication and and is now an
chored safely" in the hands of a repre
sentative board cf directors, with I. J.
Truman at its head as president, which
In Itself will stimulate confidence in the
public who are investing their money In
the enterprise."
The California Aerial Navigation Com
pany, who are the successors of the
old Stanley Aerial Navigation Com
pany, have purchased all_that company's
holdings, including its patent rights, and
are issuing shares in the new company
to the stockholders of the old company,
share for share. We see no reason why
the public in general should not come
forward and assist in this most worthy
undertaking. That the air is bound to be
Euccessfully navigated on a commercial
basis is no longer denied by scientific
men who have given thought and study
to this important branch. Von Zeppe
lin's great- ship and its successful
flight and aerial evolutions have demon
strated beyond a doubt that ships of the
air will be as common as automobiles
in the very near future.
Aerial Navigation.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 18-Stmr City t of
Sydney, for Panama. . • • "
i MAZATLAN— Sailed June 20— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 21— Stmr Bel-
Eravla, from Genoa and Naples; atmr Penn
sylvania, from Hamburg; stmr Columbia, from
Hamburg. ¦ i
\ Sailed June 21-Stmr Cuflc. for Liverpool.
BRISBANE— Arrived June 21— Stmr Aorangi,
from Sydney. NSW, for Vancouver. B C.
MALTA— Passed June 21— Stmr Teenkai, from
Tacoma. via Manila, for Liverpool.
t HAVRE— Arrived June 21-Stmr La Lorraine,
from New York.-
MOVILLE— Sailed June , 21— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow, for New York ; stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 21— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
-. SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 21 — Stmr
Fuerst - Bismarck, from Hamburir, for New
\ork.: via, Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 21-Stmr Puerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New - York. .
¦ KINSALE— Passed June 21— Stmr Campania, t
from New York, . for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
Passed June 21-Stmr Vic-'
toria, "from Genoa. Leghorn,'- Palermo and
Naples. 7 for New ; York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United "States Coast ¦ and ' Geodetic Survey—
• Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at . Fort Point, , entrance to San
Si Francisco . Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
' NOTE— The. high and low ¦ waters occur at
the city . front. (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
, The French bark Jane Gulllon cleared . yes
terday for Queenstown f or orders with • 66,909
ctls wheat, valued at $67,250. . and 25,000 feet of
lumber aa dunnage, 'valued at $300. v • . -4.' - ,
• -"The French bark Brenn also cleared yester
day for ' Queenstown with 14,000 ctls wheat,
valued at $14,400, 61.G44 ctls barley.- valued at
Shipments of Grain.
The Lancing will load wheat for Europe at
34s 6d, or wheat and barley at 33s. I - .
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The gasoline schooner Dot, sunk by the
T. C. Walker, was raised yesterday and
put on the Mission mud flats;
"The South American steamship Tucapel
will not arrive here until , June 30, and It
will be about July 5 before she gets away
again. She has been detained at Central
American ports. • .
Richmond Nye, a well known seal
hunter and whaleman from South Ameri
can .waters. Is in San Francisco looking
for a small schooner. While chasing seals
off the Chilean coast Mr. Nye discovered
some beds of pearl oysters. When he se
cures the vessel he is looking for he will
start on a fishing cruise. '
Willie Johnson started his Fourth of
July on the front yesterday and as a re
sult had a badly lacerated thumb dressed
a.t the Harbor Hospital. Willie loaded a
toy cannon and put his little sister's doll's
head into the muzzle. The doll's head did
the damage. '
"Water. Front Notes.
Hind. Rolph & Co.'s new barkentine La
haina was open to Inspection at Howard
stieet vrarf yesterday and a big crowd
availed itself of the opportunity. She is
one of the handsomest vessels ever turned
put of a shipyard, and her internal fittings
are in keeping with her outside appear
ance. Captain Carlson is more than proud
of his vessel and says if she sails as well
as she looks there will be nothing more
to be desired. The Lahaina . goes , from
here to Puget Sound in ballast to load lum
ber for China. A sister ship to the La
haina is now under construction at Boole's
yards, Oakland.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
sailed for Pago Pago yesterday afternoon.
About 1:30 p. m. her anchor was hove up
short and half an hour later the launch
was taken aboard, the anchor taken in
and the warship was off on her long' run.
A stop will be made at Honolulu on the
way. The Philadelphia probably will put
Jn the next eight months between Samoa
und Australia. The bulk of the time,
however, she will be at Pago Pago.
* •
New Barkentine Lahaina.
Philadelphia Sails.
The Merchants' Exchange received ad
vices yesterday which show that the Va
lencia reached Dutch Harbor on June 9
and the Humboldt, Centennial, Oregon.
Portland and Dora on June 10. while on
that date the- State of California was
spoken forty miles south of Dutch Har
bor.
The Roanoke and Santa Ana sailed for
Nome from Dutch Harbor on June 10 and
the remainder of the fleet was to leave
five days later. ,
News From the Golcl-Hunters.
The Ohio docked at Harrison street yes
terday. As soon as her Government' sup
plies are discharged she will be turned
over to her owners.
The -Pennsylvania and Aztec have been
turned over to their owners. The former
went to the Union Iron Works yesterday*
and the latter will go to the Mail dock to
day. ' . .
The Hancock is loaded and ready for
sea. She will sail next Tuesday with some
cavalry and a few school teachers. Chief
Steward Christie is not going out on the
Hancock this trip. He has been granted
sick leave.
The Aleoa has been chartered by the
Government again and will take a cargo
of hay to th.e Philippines.
The Kintuck and Pak Ling will be re
leased as soon as they reach port. They
have been chartered by the China Mutual
Steamship Company for the Oriental
trade." '...:".
Movements of Transports.
HE army transport Ohio arrived
I from Manila direct early yester-
I day morning with. twenty-eight of-
U. fleers and 742 men of the Forty
second Infantry. IT. S. V., aboard.
Company II of the regiment came home
on the Aztec and Company B is on the
Kintuck. The cabin . passengers on the
Ohio were: . .
Major J. R. Perlne. Major and Surgeon F.
H. Titus Captains I>. Henderson:, W. Kutz
man. L. du Boise, F. Keck. F. Herman, F.
AV. Stafford, H. F. M. Fulz, 1. V. Cunningham,
First Lieutenants G. W. White, J. R. Mc-
Andrews, R. \V. Molinard. R. K. Souther. C.
T. Beale L. Russon, R. H: Hargiss. P. Powers.
It R. Williams, L. Hackett. Acting Assistant
Surtreons G. L. Marlon, Frank Maura. P. P.
McGrath, Second Lieutenants M. Kech. F.
Albright. iL Warfield. J. L. Abbott, II. T.
Sykes. F. P. Jackson. L. P. KlttB. Thomas
Carl, L. Scuddamon; Mrs. Titus, Mrs. White.
The Forty-second did not see much ac
tive service during its stay in the Philip
pines. Since its arrival at Manila in 1S99
nearly all its time was spent in doing
garrison duty around Manila Bay. Com
pany L. did one good thing, however. It
captured Bugler Vance, the deserter. The
latter was In arms against his own com
rades at the time. He is now on Alcatraz
serving a ninety-nine year sentence for
Ceserting to the enemy.
TO , ARRIVE.
.In.OTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides are given in the left
hand* column and the successive tides of the
day in the. order of occurrence as to timje of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to 'the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the. height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
• — ¦
Steamer Movements.
WILL REMAIN PRESIDENT ; - j
•,¦¦-;•", OP THE LAKE SHORE ROAD
William H. Newman Re-elected ty
! Directorate. to Manage Interests
• "-¦¦:. of the Vanderbilts.
'• NEW vYORK, June 21.— The directorates
of severalof the Vanderbilt railroads met
at the Grand Central, depot to-day. The
most important action ' taken at any of
the meetings was the re-election of Wil
liam H. Newman as president of the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railway
Company and . the election of W. C.
Brown, late general manager of the Chi
cag%, Burlington and Quincy, as addition
al vice president and general manager for
both the Lake Shore and Michigan South
ern and the Lake Erie and 'Western rail
roads. .
It had been anticipated that, in view of
Mr.. Newman's elevation to the presidency
•of the New York Central, a successor to
him In the Lake Shore would be chosen,
and severalnamee were suggested in con
nection with the succession.. The. action
finally taken is regarded as an indication
that the policy of the Vanderbilts in the
future will be to have but one president
for their entire system, with a vice presi
dent in charge of each - of the several
properties composing it.
E. D. Worcester was reflected vice
president of the Lake Shore road. The
directors of the. latter also declared the
usual semi-annual dividend of 3% per cent
and made, it payable July 29. The treas
urer's statement for the first half of 1901
showed gross .earnings of $13,485,508, an in
crease of. 5.95 : per cent, and , net . earnings
of. $4,462,028, a decrease, of 4.7. per cent.
THIRTEEN- YEAR-OLD BOY
ACQUITTED '• OF MUEDEB
Charged With Shooting and Bobbing
a Wealthy Farmer of a Large
Sum of Money.
WYFIELD, Kans., June 21.— This after
noon the jury in the Betts murder case
rendered a verdict of not' guilty. The boy,
who is 13 years old, was in the courtroom
with his mother and father and an broke
into tears, the boy weeping like a baby.
It has not been decided when Clyde
Moore, Betts* chum, will have his trial.
The charge against both was the killing of
C. L. Wiltberger on Aprill8. The jury
was out since yesterday morning. .Betta
is the son of Charles Betts. an ex-police
man of Arkansas City, who is In county
politics. Moore is the son of William
•Moore,- a machinist of Arkansas City. On
April 18 Wiltberger, a. well-to-do farmer,
was killed by a shot from behind. He had
been to town and sold a load of wheat.
While on his way home he was killed, his
body being found in the bottom of his
wagon, and his pockets rifled. Betts and
Moore. ran away from 'home and took
with them a revolver. Each boy upon the
stand said the other had a revolver on the
afternoon of the murder. Betts proved a
fairly good alibi.
BURLINGTON EXTENDING
ITS LINE INTO WYOMING
"Will^6pen Up a Section of Country
" Hitherto Without Transporta
tion Facilities.
OMAHA, June 21.— On July 1 the Bur
lington road will open the first stretch of
its new extenaion from Tolucca, Mont.,
southwest to - Cody,- Wyo.' The entire
length of this projected addition to the
northern division is 132 miles, that being
the distance between Tolucca and Cody.-
The section about to be opened, . how
ever, extends from Tolucca to Prior and
is fifty miles in extent. It reaches ijito
the heart of the Big Horn country and
almost to Yellowstone National v Park,
opening up a section of Wyoming hitherto
out of . reach of transportation influences.
BERLIN, June 2L— The • libel action
brought by Dr. Lyxnan of the Leipsic
Xeuste Xachrichten against Dr. Schmidt,
Dr. Lock and the Cologne Gazette, aris
ing from Dr. Lyman's assertion that, the
De Beers Company- sent 1,200,000 marks to
Cologne for political purposes, has re
sulted as follows: —
Dr. Schmidt is sentenced to pay a fine
of 100 marks, or undergo ten days' im
prisonment,,, and Dr. Lock is sentenced to
pay a fine of 200 marks, or be imprisoned
for twenty days. The court also decided
that while the Cologne Gazette was nat
urally irritated by the assertion made, the
manner in which the assertion was repu
diated was offensive.
In the course of the trial to-day Herr
Jar.sen, attorney for Dr. Lyman. offered
to prove the assertions of his client, and
named many witnesses who, he asserted,
would give evidence that a syndicate com
posed of the De Beers and other South
African companies has a large fund in the
Standard Bank of South Africa, Limited,
at Salisury, Rhodesia, for political pur
poses; that this fund is held without di
rect accountability to the members of the
syndicate; that the syndicate paid Herr
Gehl, the Pretoria correspondent of the
Cologne Gazette, 4000 marks a month; that
Gehl admitted having been bribed by the
syndicate: that Gehl was court-martialed
and sentenced to death as a traitor to the
Boers, and that a check from the syndi
cate for 209,000 marks was found among
Gehl's effects. The court declined to hear
Herr Jansen's testimony because Herr
Gehl was not on tria!.
Trouble" Grows Out of Assertion That
Money Was Illegally Used for
Political Purposes.
TWO GERMANS ABE FI2TED
FOB PUBLISHING A LIBEL
. WASHINGTON. June - 21. - Secretary
Root to-day issued the. order of the Presi
dent establishing civil government in th«
Philippines. The; order follows:
On "and 'after .the fourth day of July, 190U
unless It . shall i be otherwise ordered, the presi
dent of ,: the -Philippine Commission will exer
cise the executive authority in all civil affairs
in , the government of - the Philippine islands
heretofore exercised in such affairs- by the
Military Governor of the Philippines, and to
that end William H. Taft, president of the
said commission, is hereby appointed Civil
Governor of the Philippine Islands. Such exec
ullve authority will be exorcised under and In
conformity to the instructions to the Philip
pine Commissioners, I dated April 7, 1900. and
subject to ihe approval and control of the Sec
retary of War of the United States.
The v municipal and provincial civil govern
ments which have been or shall hereafter be
.established in said islands and all persons per
forming duties appertaining • to the offices of
civil government in said t island will, in respect
of said duties, report to the said Civil Gov
ernor. The power to appoint civil officers here
tofore vested in the Philippine 'Commission or
in the Military Governor will be exercised by
the Civil - Governor, with the advice and con
sent of the commission. .•--";_'->
The Military Governor. of the Philippines- Is
hereby relieved from the performance, on and
after the said fourth day of July, of the civil
duties hereinbefore described, . but his author
ity will continue; to be exercised as heretofore
in those districts in which insurrection against
the authority of the '.. United States continues
to exist or in which public order is not suffi
ciently restored i to enable civil gov
ernments to be. established under. the Instruc
tions-to the commission, dated April 7. 1900.
. By the President. .- ,. EL.IHU ROOT,
.' .¦ * . ' Secretary of War.
President Issues Order
for New Regime in
Philippines.
Military' Government to Con
tinue Only in Rebellious
Provinces.
APPOINTS TAFT
CIVIL GOVERNOR
The Judge explained that he had ad
mitted certain evidence not because it
had anything to do with the case, but be
cause it was for the jury to*determine if
it had anything to do with making the
defendant criminally irresponsible. If they
believed the defendant was sane at the
time of the shooting they must convict.
The jury's only ballot was unanimous
for guilty and a unit for the highest de
gree charged.
Keller was absent. He showed no emo
tion when subsequently told of the ver
dict. Barker had expected an acquittal.
He based a strong hope upon the plea of
his counsel, but it was swept away by the
cold charge of the court. '
Mrs. Barker was not in the courtroom
to -hear the verdict. She was in another
part of the courthouse, and when told of
the verdict sobbed bitterly.
Barker to-nlgrht. found himself once
more an inmate of the County Jail. He
must remain there until $10,000 bail is fur
nished. Before him stands' a. possible
term of seven years' Imprisonment and a
fine of as much as $2000.
NEW YORK, June 2L— The Jury before
•which Thomas G. Barker df-- Arlington,
N. J.. was tried for shooting- with intent
to kill Rev. John Keller of the same town,
took one ballot this afternoon and then
returned a verdict of guilty. The jurors
were told that they must decide only If
Barker with intent to kill fired at Keller.
That was the law and they must obey it.
Notice of an appeal was given by Bar
ker's counsel. s
onmentfor Shooting
Rev. Mr. Keller.
"Wife of Defendant Breaks
Down When Told of
. the Verdict
JURYMEN FIND
BARKER GUILTY
He Must Suffer. Impris-
TRANSPORT OHIO BACK FROM MANILA
WITH THE FORTY-SECOND VOLUNTEERS
Return of Troops Who Spent Nearly All of Their Time 4n the Philip
pines on Garrison Duty, Seeing Little of the Enemy— Steamship
to Be Turned Over to Owners by the Government on Monday
THE SAN ';;FBAjNCisc6; ;^S ATURDAY^^ JUlSrE : - / 22,- : 1901
HIND, ROLPH & CO.'S NEW FOUR-MASTED' BARKENTINE LAHAINA.* SHE WAS OPEN FOR INSPECTION YES
TERDAY AND WAS VISITED BY A CROWD OF PEOPLE, ON MONDAY THE LAHAINA SAILS FOR PUGET
SOUND TO LOAD FOR CHINA, ' _.
SATURDAY. JUNE 22.
8
lame Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
1 HJV^ L \V HW L W '
!2 ... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:30 5.5 1100 2 2
3 ... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 6.5 ..
L'W . H AV *Ii \V H W " '
!4 ... 0:07 1.8 .6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
K ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 6 6
J6 .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 3.7 12:3 2.1 7:41 6^7
!7 ... 2:.*5 <0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 -8:151 5 7
IS ... 3:15 0.2 10:18| 4.0 2:25 3.0 8:49 5 8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
China......
Czarina.... '
Fulton
Milton.......'...
Victoria.
San Matpo.......
Eureka....
Rival...........
Bonlta .1
Corona:.......'..
South Coast
Grace Dollar...
O.\W. Elder....
Mackinaw.:
Pomona.;;....;
Newburg
Arcata
Walla Walla...
Robert Dollar..
Crescent City. :
Curacao. <".:....
Ammon . : . :
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa....
Zpalandla.. ....
Alliance........
Mattewan
TUcapel..... ...
China and Japan ...... June 22
Seattle and Tacoma June 22
San Pedro June 22
Nanalmo June 2 >
Comox June 22
Port Los Angeles.; June 22
Humboldt ....* June 2,5
WUlapa Harbor . June 23
San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
San Diego June 23
San Pedro :........ June 23
Redondo ....:..«JJune 24
Portland * Astoria.... June 24
Seattle June 24
Humboldt June 24
Grays Harbor June 25
Coos Bay. June 26
Puget Sound Ports....; June 26
Seattle and Hadlock.... June 2G
Crescent City June 27
Mexican Ports ......... June 27
Hamburg & AVay Pts. June 27
Point Arena June 27
San Diego .............. June 27
Honolulu June 27
Portland & Coos Bay.. June 27
Tacoma ...r. :... June 27
.Valparaiso & Way Pts June 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay... .
Fulton. ...i...'
Empire..*.....
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Columbia.....
'Acme.....
Santa Rosa..
¦
Santa Earb'r
Hoyo. .'..,.:.'.'.
G. Dollar..:..
North Fork..'
Eureka....... ;
Czarina....... 1
City Puebla.:
Bonlta.........
.Tune 22. I
Coqutlle River.....
Grays Harbor '...'.
Coos Bay...-.
China & Japan..;.
Newport / ;
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River ....
Jnne 2.3. -
SanDlego '.
¦ Jnne 24. ,;
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt '....:;.¦;.".
Grays .Harbor ....
Jnne 25.; ¦
Humboldt ; . . '.:...'.
Humboldt ....:.....
Seattle and Taeoma
Puget Sound Ports
San- Pedro .".'.::.:.
¦ Jnne 2G.
Humboldt ..........
Wlllapa Harbor.:..
Tahitlvia Marq'sas
San ;Dlego :*'....;....
" 'Jnne 27. ¦".' ,
Hawaiian Islands. .
Astoria & Portland
Jnne 2S, v-
Portland & Coos B.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays , Harbor .';..
N. „ Y. " via \ Panama
Coos Bay; .:...;t:..
10 am
5 pm
4 pm
1 pm
,9 am
2 pm
11 am
3 pm
,9 am|
5 pm
5 pm
I 5 pm
9 am
9 am
12 m
11am
9 am
Pier 2:
Pier If
Pier fc
PMSS
Pier 11
PJer. J
Pier 2^
Pier l;
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier i
Pier 2
Pier s
Pier l;
Pier.}
PlerrJ
Pier 1]
Pomona......
Rival........ -
'Australia.....
Corona..;..:.
1:30 p
5 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier !
5th St.
Pier '
Pier 11
— ¦ ;..¦••¦
Hawaiian....
O.-W. Elder.
9 am
11 am
,¦ . I
Pier 2(
Pier 2'
Alliance.'. :'.';.
San Juan.....
Newburg .V.;'.
Arpvll. ........
Arcata.r. ... ..
'5 pm
12 V m
5 pm
2 pm
12 m
Plfir 1(
PMSS
Pier . :
S.W.';
| Pier U
Steamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Farallon.V.:..:. Skagiiay & Way Ports. June 22
Victorian....... Skaguay &' Way; Ports. June 23
Queen......;... Skapuay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior....:.; Valdez & Way- Ports.. June 23
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dingo....-.....; Pkagruay & Way; Ports. June 29
Alkl — v. ..;..; SkaKuay.&;\% r ay! Ports. June 29
henator. ;....... Nome direct ......-..."... June 29
Cottagre City... Pkapuay & Way Ports. June 29
Chas. Xelson. : Skaguay & Way . Ports. • June 30
lame Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
1 HJV^ L \V HW L W '
!2 ... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:30 5.5 1100 2 2
3 ... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 6.5 ..
L'W . H AV *Ii \V H W " '
!4 ... 0:07 1.8 .6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
K ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 6 6
J6 .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 3.7 12:3 2.1 7:41 6^7
!7 ... 2:.*5 <0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 -8:151 5 7
IS ... 3:15 0.2 10:18| 4.0 2:25 3.0 8:49 5 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay... .
Fulton. ...i...'
Empire..*.....
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Columbia.....
'Acme.....
Santa Rosa..
¦
Santa Earb'r
Hoyo. .'..,.:.'.'.
G. Dollar..:..
North Fork..'
Eureka....... ;
Czarina....... 1
City Puebla.:
Bonlta.........
.Tune 22. I
Coqutlle River.....
Grays Harbor '...'.
Coos Bay...-.
China & Japan..;.
Newport / ;
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River ....
Jnne 2.3. -
SanDlego '.
¦ Jnne 24. ,;
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt '....:;.¦;.".
Grays .Harbor ....
Jnne 25.; ¦
Humboldt ; . . '.:...'.
Humboldt ....:.....
Seattle and Taeoma
Puget Sound Ports
San- Pedro .".'.::.:.
¦ Jnne 2G.
Humboldt ..........
Wlllapa Harbor.:..
Tahitlvia Marq'sas
San ;Dlego :*'....;....
" 'Jnne 27. ¦".' ,
Hawaiian Islands. .
Astoria & Portland
Jnne 2S, v-
Portland & Coos B.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays , Harbor .';..
N. „ Y. " via \ Panama
Coos Bay; .:...;t:..
10 am
5 pm
4 pm
1 pm
,9 am
2 pm
11 am
3 pm
,9 am|
5 pm
5 pm
I 5 pm
9 am
9 am
12 m
11am
9 am
Pier 2:
Pier If
Pier fc
PMSS
Pier 11
PJer. J
Pier 2^
Pier l;
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier i
Pier 2
Pier s
Pier l;
Pier.}
PlerrJ
Pier 1]
Pomona......
Rival........ -
'Australia.....
Corona..;..:.
1:30 p
5 pm
10 am
9 am
Pier !
5th St.
Pier '
Pier 11
— ¦ ;..¦••¦
Hawaiian....
O.-W. Elder.
9 am
11 am
,¦ . I
Pier 2(
Pier 2'
Alliance.'. :'.';.
San Juan.....
Newburg .V.;'.
Arpvll. ........
Arcata.r. ... ..
'5 pm
12 V m
5 pm
2 pm
12 m
Plfir 1(
PMSS
Pier . :
S.W.';
| Pier U
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
China......
Czarina.... '
Fulton
Milton.......'...
Victoria.
San Matpo.......
Eureka....
Rival...........
Bonlta .1
Corona:.......'..
South Coast
Grace Dollar...
O.\W. Elder....
Mackinaw.:
Pomona.;;....;
Newburg
Arcata
Walla Walla...
Robert Dollar..
Crescent City. :
Curacao. <".:....
Ammon . : . :
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa....
Zpalandla.. ....
Alliance........
Mattewan
TUcapel..... ...
China and Japan ...... June 22
Seattle and Tacoma June 22
San Pedro June 22
Nanalmo June 2 >
Comox June 22
Port Los Angeles.; June 22
Humboldt ....* June 2,5
WUlapa Harbor . June 23
San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
San Diego June 23
San Pedro :........ June 23
Redondo ....:..«JJune 24
Portland * Astoria.... June 24
Seattle June 24
Humboldt June 24
Grays Harbor June 25
Coos Bay. June 26
Puget Sound Ports....; June 26
Seattle and Hadlock.... June 2G
Crescent City June 27
Mexican Ports ......... June 27
Hamburg & AVay Pts. June 27
Point Arena June 27
San Diego .............. June 27
Honolulu June 27
Portland & Coos Bay.. June 27
Tacoma ...r. :... June 27
.Valparaiso & Way Pts June 30
Steamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Farallon.V.:..:. Skagiiay & Way Ports. June 22
Victorian....... Skaguay &' Way; Ports. June 23
Queen......;... Skapuay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior....:.; Valdez & Way- Ports.. June 23
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dingo....-.....; Pkagruay & Way; Ports. June 29
Alkl — v. ..;..; SkaKuay.&;\% r ay! Ports. June 29
henator. ;....... Nome direct ......-..."... June 29
Cottagre City... Pkapuay & Way Ports. June 29
Chas. Xelson. : Skaguay & Way . Ports. • June 30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Standard remedy for . Gleet, ¦ Gonorrhoea and
Runnings. In 43 hours. Cures Kidney and
Bladder Troubles. ¦ "
k il
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,'
f/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
*¦ modeled and • renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. * European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 5tt day
$5 to $S week; $8 to $20 month.' Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire gratea in every
room; | elevator j run3 all night.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COHPAGNIS . OSNESALS TRANSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <£'xjE?%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, •^"wr- 1 "<a»
North River, foot of Morton street; La Br»-
tagne, June 27; La Champagne. July 4; La
Gascogne. July 11: *La Lorraine, July 18.
First daes to Havre. $35 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson 'building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA R. R, s Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
,-; Cabin, $105: Steerage, $40.
8. S. Argyll sails FrlJay. June 28
S. S. Lee fan aw sails Monday, July IS
S.S. Argyll sail* Mondav. Auft. 12
From Sea "Wall (Section 1) at S p. n. *
. Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agent*.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street , wharf No. 3, 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 5 LIMARI July 25
AREQUIPA ....July 10 PERU August 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone-South 42O,
Oakland Qfflco— 54 San Pablo Avs.
BY THti FRUITS
OF OUR 'LABOR
we are known to all people of taste in San
Francisco who have a horror of cheap and
common laundry work. Anything: finished
at our establishment Is aa fine as a poet's
fancy, having received a touch which
may be described as the verse form of
linen. Come to us for laundry results as
suggestive of satisfaction as home, sweet
horr.e.
No saw edges.
.Pacific-Coast. Steamship Co.
fe NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
Steamship City of Poebla
and Splendid Steamship
WILL SAIL
From San Francisco June 25
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE on hep second
trip on or about JUNE 29. .
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only SteamalUp Iilne «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
, points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
LOWEST CEt./VMMSS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and XSALS.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails June 22. July 2, 12, 22, August 1
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
...Sails June 27, July 7. 17, 27. August t IS
D.W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt-.l Montgom'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17 "lfxu
SS. AMERICA MARU. Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at 1 company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanic^ ESI
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
- ..Wednesday; June 25, 10 a" m t
SS. ZEALANDJ.A (Honolulu only)
Saturday. June 29, 2*p" m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa
New Zealand and Australia
— Thursday. July It. in "a* m.
J. D.SPHECXELS k BH03. CO., General Agents, 327 Martat St
ton'l Passangsp CtScs, 643 Harkst SL. Pfcr lo. 7. Pacifc St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Columbia June 27l Deutschland Julv li
F. Bismarck July 4l Columbia ....... July »]
Twin-Screw Pass*nq»r Service
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pennsylvania ..June 291 'Phoenicia .. Julv n
Pretoria July 6l Patricia ....... "."jSly M
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-Amarlcao Line. 37 B'way. N. Y
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California st.
Great news for housekeepers
—Fels-Naptha soap saves half- of
wash-day.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't find it'so.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Pacific toast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
(W Wharf. San Francisco:
ffl^- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
SSafshi June 25 - 30 - July 3 * Change to
S&SnSjW'Sji. company's steamers at Seattle.
> fe^Tt^a For Victoria. Vancouver <H.
Vil c ->- Pof 1 Townsend. Seattle.
¦ S«2kjJ#>-S>H1 Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
{.""Iraiijnd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
Uf- 11 a. m., June 23. 30. July 5.
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. X. Ry.; at Seattle- or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
June 26. July 1. 6. 11. 13. 20. 25. 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. .Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 3 a. m. ;
Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pedro.
•Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona, Sat-
urdays, 9 a. m.; Steamer Bonita, Tuesdays, 9
a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia' and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL.. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
, ¦ .: 10 Market st.; San Francisco.
STATEMENT
-^— OF^ THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Standard Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF L,IA*p:rpOOL. England, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and "ill
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnisher", by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company , fl.175.004 00
Cash in Banks S 1S0.7S9 00
Interest due and accrued- on all
Stocks and Loans .' 11,988 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ..'. 242,612 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 23,382 00
Rents due and accrued, policy » "
stamps on hand 634 00
Total Aosets $1,640,339 CO
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~
Losseq adjusted and unpaid ..'
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $172,950 00
Losses resisted, including ex- '
penses
Gross premiums on Marine and In-'
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance ICO per cent 142,743 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent .'
All other Liabilities 117.134 00
Total Liabilities , $432,829 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $487,646 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 39,036 00
Total Income ....". $526, 6S2 00
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including S — j — , losses of 'previ-
ous years) ..v $453,527 00
Paid for Salaries, -Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc .35,22153
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 9,067 47
All other payments and expenditures 1,677 00
Total Expenditures $341,433 00
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year..... . $479,927 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks " . -
written during the ;
year $64,493,935 $387,586 00
Net amount of Risks > .
expired during the
year 63.632,375 5S9.756 00
Net amount in force -?-
December 31. 1900 8.271.210 142,745 00
JNO. "WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befofce me. this
23d day of January. 1901.
W. J. SULIS, U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents,
J. P. F. DAVIS & SON, Matagers,
215 Sansoma Street, San Francisco, Oal.
Telephone Private* Exchange 68.
While
v~* .*d '^ Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Oran-aolrenfdlssolTes Strlctnre like snow b»
¦eatn tbe tun. reduces Enlarged Prostate ao<
f trengtbens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains im
Emissions In fifteen Days. ¦ -
No drags to ruin tbe stomach, but • direct loeat
tad posltire application to the entire uretbral traot
Gran-Solvent Is not a llqnid. It Is prepared Is
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and aexlfcl*
ul co narrow aa to pass tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Assn.. Box S«. Cincinnati. O.. b«s
prepared at (treat expense an exhanst- PftPrl
Ire Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I .
nystem, which Un»» wlU send to any r||l_L •
mule applicant, ¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦•¦
ST JAMFSJASSN 250 el« st..
31. J AITIC3 ?A33n. t Cincinnati. Ohio.
{advertisements,
BAY AND BIVEH STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45* a.m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
diy. Sunday. 9:». *. m.rr8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 o. m. Faro 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. lllsslon-a t- dock. HATCH BROS.
¦¦'-¦'," I ¦•*•--;•- • : '.¦ ¦ ¦'. " ¦ -
Sr—^fcTK. a > mp ** r '*' 1 "" «si«l Only CbiimIbc
45^ SSI KM T» "° ribbo = • I nSi " »° other. Krfu.o
\*^» f d H" 1 . l 1 er /X f ' 1>m< " e^ n n Utter, b/ re.
•*V^— K h 1»™ Mali. 1 0.O«i« Tmlm«ni»li. Sold Si
Meat-on thU papor. .. Msdlian S««wt, 1'niLA.. l"£
From New York Every";, Wednesday. 12 noon
Kensington ...:. July 3 Pennland ...... July 24
•Zeeland ........July 10 South wark ......July 31
Frlesland .......July.17 'Vaderland, ..August 7
•Stop at Cherbourg, east bound •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
„- , -,••¦'¦ - CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Aesnt Paclflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED, STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
.- Stopping ; at ; Cherbourg,' "westtj6und.
From New York : Every Wednesday,- 10 . a m
St.*l > aul.:........July 10 St. Louis.... .August 14
St. .Louis.-:..'....; July 17 Philadelphia. .Au|ust 21
St.. Paul...... August 7 St. Paul. August 28
AMERICAN LINE.
UEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTOS. LOXDOK. PABIi
OCEAN T2JLVEL.
j ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
f .bear signature of s&*~7^^6
, Very small and. as easy
i . .to take as sugar* i^v^.
SEE I^ADTrtfcl™ 0^ 0^ 1^ SEE
Olli:c CARTERO FOR DIIZIMESS.
ISSlTTir FOR BILIOUSNESS. nrMll[Mr
GENUINE if VFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
H Pill £ FOR COHSTIPATIOM.
WRAPPFR JOi FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
YYnArrcn fqr the COMPLEXION nn^** 1 -**
"FRinSTTEID . O3ST RED PAPER."
OR.MEYERS4C0, jfcifefe-
Specialists. Disease jSgi^P^ ii \
and weakness of fijsly « i
men. Establis lied S^[P ' - ,„ '
1881. Consultation fFv'fi fP
free,' at office or ''by ''•-'. l^jBL..;' J*£m^ '-'
mall. Cures guar- 1^*^»
anteed. 731 Mar- l^^^^^?^
tor entrance), San J$&**J *_§jjSfoj r-A big haul of smuggled Manila cigars
was made yesterday by customs inspec
tors on board the transports Pennsylvania
and Aztec, 3500 cigars having been found
on the Pennsylvania and 600 on the Aztec
They will be sold for the duty.
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers via new stage line from a.t«rced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m.,
on California limited, other days 7:20
a. bc. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, passing Merced Bit;
Trees. Buena Vista, .the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route.
Ask about it at 641 Market street. *
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
Oppose Beduction of Carfares.
LOS ANGELES, June 2L— The efforts of
the City Council to secure 4-cent street
car fares in Los Angeles are meeting with
considerable opposition. The street rail
way owners declare that it costs 4 1 ,; cents
apiece to' carry passengers. One of tho
franchises recently granted contained a
4-cent clause, and It was the intention of
the Council to Insert such a provision in
future franchises. In view of the attitude
of many citizens, however, it is quite pos
sible that the matter will be dropped.
' Sacramento.
' SACRAMENTO. June 21.— Among .- th»
musical events of the week the two pfano
recitals given by pupils of Miss Mamie C.
Barrett were of exceptional interest. The
pupils presented interesting programmes,
which were received with enthusiasm by
musical audiences. Miss Barrett has evi
dently Inspired her pupils with a sense of
self-reliance and. pride in their work. She •
ha3 been successful In a marked degree
in imparting to her pupils her methods aa
obtained In study with Professor Barth of
Berlin. From the youngest to the oldest
pupil there 13 a depth of tone, absolute
ease and relaxation, combined with artis
tic phrasing 'and firmness of touch.
Mrs. Adams played "Erlkonig." by
Schubert-Liszt, with dramatic intensity.
A deMghtful" contrast was the Rubensteih
barcarolle played by Mrs. Varney with
much taste and exoression. Mrs. Collins
played with brilliancy the difficult waltz
by Moszkowskl. Two pleasing sploa were
those played by Miss Cantrell and Miss
Jost. In playing "The Nightingale." by
Liszt Miss Gowan showed much artistic
taste and refinement of expression, while
the Mendelssohn concerto gave her an op
portunity to display brilliancy.
The duo "Norma, played by Miss Pope
and Mrs. Adams, and the final quartet,
"Tannhauser." by Wagner, were 1 very at
tractive numbers. Among the younger
pupils who showed artistic work were Lily
Sherman, Irene Glfford, Ellta Kins and
Pearl Platt. '
At the close of the programme little
Ethel Miller, on behalf of the class, pre
sented Miss Barrett with a handsome pic
ture.
Excellent Programme Presented by
Pupils at a Piano Becital in
STUDENTS OF MUSIC
BENDER SWEET. MELODTT
The investigation of the riot last Wed
nesday night lias failed to bring results
and all the prisoners, including the two
over whose arrest the riot started, have
been released. The town authorities were
given every opportunity to identify the
trouble-makers,, and they ¦ were given
every assistance by the camp officers, but
they failed to pick out a man for punish
ment, and so General Dickinson let them
all go in default of a complaint against
them. The general was willing to turn
over the two original prisoners or to pun
ish them if a formal complaint were
made, but the town authorities dropped
the matter altogether. Since then, how
ever, Genral Dickinson has a platoon of
cavalry patrolling the town as a provost
guard every night. \ ,
Joseph Walters, Company B, Second In
fantry, was 8hotin the hand and leg to
day while snapping his revolver. Ho had
been cleaning It and believed It to be
empty until he carelessly snapped it, eev
.eral times. The bullet ploughed through
his hand and lodged in, his thigh, where
it now is. It broke no bones, but the
man's wounds are serious.
Colonel Charles Sonntag, of the Gover
nor's staff, was . thrown from his horse
while on the way to camp this afternoon
and he was so badly- cut about the. face
and eyes that his wounds had • to be
stitched. He came to camp later, looking
•much the worse for wear, but declaring
he was not much hurt. ¦
Last night the three Signal Corps, ih
honor of finding themselves togethei, gave
a little reception In the tents and street
of the Los Angeles corps. The officers
were all Invited and good of the corps was
thoroughly discussed. It is an organiza
tion of which Lieutenant Colonel Evans,
its commander, is. very proud, and justly
so, for to him is manly due its efficiency
and the fellowsnlp which characterizes Its
membership and brings to it the best ma
terial in the guard.
t To-morrow the camp will begin to break
up and Sunday the troops wjll all be gone.
The First Brigade will have to leave to
morrow afternoon in order to be home
Sunday. Some of the cavalry and signal
corps "will march part of the way home,
but most of the troopers will go by train.
Sunday the Second* ahd Third brigades
will leave by broad and' narrow' gauge
.routes and by nightfall Camp Gage will
be but • a memory in the guard — a pleas
ant memory and a profitable one. :
Blot Investigation . Dropped.
and General Shafter, after which Gov
ernor Gage, General Shafter and the bri
gade commanders and two officers from
each brigade staff dined with General
Dickinson and his staff.
This evening the officers of the guard,
from Governor Gage down, -and General
•Shatter and the regular officers attached
to the camp, are being entertained at a
reception at the Sea Beach Hotel. ¦ •..
WASHINGTON, June 21.— The most im
portant subject discussed at to-day's Cab
inet meeting was that involving, the as
sessment of customs duties .on petroleum
or its products imported from Russia.
Secretary Gage, who has direct charge
of the enforcement of the tariff laws, ex
plained to the President and the members
of the Cabinet in detairthe Department's
connection with the matter and the his
tory of legislation affecting it.. At the
conclusion of the Secretary's statement
all the members it is understood expressed
themselves as in entire accord with Sec
retary Gage in the position he has taken,'
and requested that he make a statement
covering the entire ground.
Cabinet ta in Entire Accord With the
Position Taken by Secretary
RUSSIAN PETEOLEUM WTLIi
BE SUBJECT TO DUTY
All this was done without the knowledge
of the parents of the bride, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Kelly,' ) who, on hearing the news,
made vigorous objection. The parents say
their daughter is not 16 years old and. that
Hayes, in; securing the license, committed
perjury,' as ..they both objected to the
match. ' :
* A.-- warrant was issued charging Hayes
with perjury. - Judge Bias was awakened
at -half-past 2 o'clock this morning to
make out the warrant on a telepnone com
munication received from Bouiaer. boon
Constable Corey was on his way-to the
hotel where the couple were staying ana
Hayes was placed under :arrest. . >v\ H.
Dool and S. ' H. Rambo, merchants, of
Boulder Creek, went on iii3 bond to the
amount or -$500 each. Judge Hartman
made out the bonds, but tney were not
accepted because of some technical error.
This morning the father-in-law, bride
and groom were , In the , office ' of - Judge
Bias. D. W. Johnston and Judge Hart
man were Accepted as bondsmen and the
groom. was released. . The father of the
bride used persuasion to have the daugh
ter return, to . the parental home, but his
entreaties did not avail. "
¦ The marriage license was granted and
the groom and blushing bride went across
the Street ;' from the Courthouse to the
basement of - the County Bank building,
where, before Judge Bias. they had the
legal ceremony performed. ~ Then . they
went to Ben Lomond.
SANTA CRUZ, June 21.— John K. Hayes
of Boulder Creek encountered trouble yes
terday-after his marriage. He came to
town with his prospective bride, Miss Eme
Twitchell, and subscribed and swore be
fore the County Clerk when he secured his
marriage license that his future wife was
18 years of age and over.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Relatives Say Girl Is Under
Age and Husband Is
Arrested.
BRAVE WRATH
OF THE PARENTS
Young People of Santa
v Cruz County Have a
Wedding. •
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., June 21.— Because tho
Western American Company would not
sell its eight-mile coal road from Car
bonado to Fairfax the Northern Pacific
Railway has determined to parallel the
line and, in addition, build from Fairfax
to the Carbon River and Tahoma mining
districts.' These districts are ready to sup
ply immense ore shipments and the West
ern American Company had planned to ex
tend them as rapidly as possible.
Unwilling to be beaten In a paralleling
game, the Western American Company
announces its decision to parallel the
Northern Pacific 'from Caronado to Ta
coma, with a branch line to Seattle. Thi»
is the best paying part. of the Northern
Pacific, since over the thirty miles of
track named pass the immense coal ship
ments brought from the Pittsburg. Gaie
Creek, Wilkeson, Roslyn and Carbonado
mines. The Western American Company
is a rich corporation, backed by English
capitalists of immense wealth. This fact
give3 weight to its announcements and
leads both railroad and mining men to
believe that Its plan will be carried out.
The railroad fight started in this way: *
Two years ago the Western American
Company began developing its mines at
Fairfax. Last summer It built a railroad
from Fairfax to a connection with, the
Northern Pacific at Carbonado. Laat fall
the Northern Pacific by order of President
Mellen commenced opening its Rain.or
coal mines near Fairfax, which are also
tributary to the Western American Com
pany's road. The Northern Pacific offered
$150,000 for the road, but the Western
American Company declined to sell unless
¦ the Northern Pacific would also purchase
the Fairfax mines for $330,000 additional.
The railroad refused, and commenced sur
veys for its parallel lines. This line has
been located, bids for its construction
were opened to-day, and the contract ¦will
be let very soon.
The Western American Company claims
that it can haul its own coal from Fairfax
to Tacoma at one-fourth of the cost
charged by the Northern Pacific, besides
doing an Immensely profitable business
for other mines. As the Carbon River
canyon ia very narrow above Fairfax it
is doubtful whether more than one road
can build from there to the Carbon River
and Tacoma mining districts, . where are
located rich copper mines now being
opened by the Montezuma Mining Com
pany and the Washington Co-operative
Mining Syndicate. Both companies are
ready to make large shipments to Tacoma
smelters as soon as transportation is pro
vided.
Western American Company
Plans to Surprise Com-
• -
Northern Pacific Will
Parallel a Line to
. 'Mines.
STRIFE BEGINS
OVER RAILROAD
i That was General Shatter's comment.'
Governor Gage was more than pleased
with the review/- Me is the first Governor
of California who has seen, the organized
militia force at his disposal gathered to
gether in a single organization, and • his
praise is unstinted. He also has nothing
but •. complimentary comments : to make
about the .camp. > ' ' ¦. ' . .
After the review the division was given
Its annual muster* and Inspection. In -the
company streets under the supervision of
Lieutenant Colonel H.'B. Hosmer, divis
ion Inspector, who had officers detailed to
assist him in every brigade. The officers
of one brigade inspected and mustered the
troops of another, and In that way the
work took but a short time. Then the of
ficers of the camp "were invited to the di
vision headquarters to meet the Governor
the dry grass deadened the clatter of their
horses' hoofs. The sanitary corps was
also silent, but was one of the features
that will make this camp a pattern to fol
low. It closed tho review with the rumble
of the ambulances as they bumped over
the rough ridges of the parade ground.
General Dickinson, with pride and pleas
ure in every glance of his eyes, rode up to
General Shafter, and the old soldier stood
up In his carriage to' compliment the
younger one. . ' V
, "I have never seen a finer review," in a
strictly military sense, in the National
Guard. As a division it was magnificent
ly handled and the troops are a. credit to
the State." . ¦ ¦ • .
CHICAGO. June 21. — Walter Greer
Campbell, who, according, to. the police,
has succeeded in-separating such men as
the late'Collis P. Huntlngton.. John D.
Rockefeller and . the Armours from large
sums of money, is locked up at the Cen
tral Station In default of bail. .
As far as known, Campbell's operations
In this city began in 1893. when he had a
booth at the fair grounds, where he
exhibited a small amount of iron ore and
pome machinery. After the < close of the
fair Campbell went to San Francisco, but
returned to this city and obtained money
from many'flrma on. machinery he ; in
vented for separating ore and smelting. .'
Campbell was arrested on complaint of
Raymond R. Carew, a stock broker, who
claims to have lost $110,000 in his dealings
with the alleged swindler.-- Carew g»y»
C. P.- Huntlngton" bought Campbell's- In
vention rights for the State of Wyoming
fortCO.OOO. It Is said that. J.D. Rocke
feller gave $800,000 for, the State of Mich
igan, and negotiations were in I progress
for the. sale of rights • In the -State of
Missouri " when Carew discovered ¦ Camp
bell had nothing to sell. . v
Broker Carew Tells "of the Califor
nian's Extensive Confidence
Operations.' -
SWINDLER CAMPBELL' . .\ v^
JAILED. IN CHICAGO
SAN BERNARDINO. June 21.— Late'
this evening the body of Henry Payne, a
wealthy rancher .residing near Redlands,
was found by a posse eight miles north of
here in the Santa Ana wash, x There were
no marks of violence upon the- body and
the theory is that he suddenly became de- |
mented and fell from his wagon, breaking j
his neck. Payne had been missing since
morning.
" Posse Finds a ; Rancher Dead.
Man Fatally Injured Near San Bafasl
Beluctapt to Reveal His
; Identity. ' ,
. SAN RAFAKL, June 21.—While trying
to board a north-bound train at Ross Sta
tion this afternoon a man fell beneath the
wheels and was probably < fatally, injured.
Both legs .were cut off below the knees
pnd the lc.lt arm shared a similar fate.
The injured man was brought to this city..
He refused to give his name, when first
ouestioned. ' He later gave the name fo
William Shaw, then that of Frank Burke,
and said he had relatives in Sacramento.
He is of medium size, about SO years old
and has dark hair and a sandy mustache.
It is believed he will die. ¦
Christian Endeavor Union Meets.
SANTA- ROSA. June 2L—The Sonoma-
Napa Christian Endeavor .Union conven
tion, for which delegates have been arriv
ing all day, commenced in the Congrega
tional Church to-night. District President
Clarence F. Lea called the convention to
order. Prayer and song service followed.
The remainder of the programme was as
follows: Address of welcome from
churches, the Rev. William Martin; from
societies, Ri L. Thompson: Epworth
League J. G. - Kemble; responses, W.' C.
Driver. Healdsburg; special music, Con
gregationar choir; address.. "Object and
Aims of the Chrlst'an-Endeavor," the Rev.
James Mitchell. St. Helena. .
CBUSHED BY , A TE AIN
AND WITHHOLDS HIS . NAME
' PALOUSE. Wash.. June 21.— Ole John
son, a 19-year-old youth, who was re
leased from the, Reform School- last fall,
is In the city Jail here heavily guarded
to prevent lynching. He is charged with
assaulting the 17-year-old daughter of F.
Tweitmeyer, a farmer living about a mile
from town. The pirl, v.'ho is in a critical
condition, has positively identified her as
eaUcnt and should she die it is very prob
able that Johnson will be lynched.
Young^ Man Attacks Daughter of a
Washington Farmer and Is
in Danger.
'BOY MAY BE LYNCHED
BY A GIRL'S * FBIENDS
COLVILLE, Wash., June 21.— Henry
Fish, son of Colonel Fish Kettle Falls,
and James Alldredge. a brother of Wil
liam Alldredge, a well-known mining man
of the same place, were 'killed by an ex
plosion of dynamite in the Acme mine,
near here, last night.
Ten blasts had been set. Seven ex
ploded. The two miners waited awhile and
then went Into the mine to investigate.
Soon the fatal explosion was heard. All
dredge was blown many 'feet from the
mouth of the tunnel and Fish was found
a few feet nearer, both with their' heads
literally torn off and the bodies shockingly
mutilated.
Hanging Fire.
proaching Blasts That Were
Men Loss Their Lives While Ap-
TWO MINEBS KHXED
BY' DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
Burglars Loot a Hesidence.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— Burglars entered
th« residence of Professor A. E. Shumate,
principal of the Hi?h School, on South
Tenth street durlnrj the absence of the
family last evening and stole about $300
vorth of jewelry and personal effects.
SAN JOSE. Jane 21.— All of to-day was
occupied in argument on the Delmas mo
tion for a nonsuit In the suit of ¦ Miss
Bertha Smalley for $24,000 for services ren
dered the late James T. Murphy. Attor
ney Delmas occupied most of the time.
He contended that the evidence hail not
shown there was an iraplied contrtr;t as
to the services Miss Smalley was to ren
der Murphy, neither was an expressive
rontract proven. The relations of Miss
Smalley and the dead capitalist were, he
said, that of husband and wife, and while
they were not married they passed as
married persons, and she had no ground
to bring suit for services rendered in car
ing for him. The charge was declared to
be exorbitant.
At 4 o'clock Attorney Kowalsky opened
his argument, and will finish it to-mor
row. He claimed that the relations be
tween the two had nothing to do with -the
services rendered.
Of Interest L to the Coast.
WASHINGTON'. June 2L— New postof
flces were established 'to-day as follows:
California— Oil Center, Kern County.
Henry L. Nelson Postmaster. Washing
ton — Sheridan. Kitsap County, Fred M.
Reeve Postmaster. Discontinued: Cali
fornia— Idlewild. San Diego County; mail
to Lakeside. Postmasters commissioned:
California— Ira T. Ware, Freestone; John
E. Taylor, Cohasset. Appointed: Cali
fornia—John A. I^ovelady, Lodcga, Colusa
County, vice A. L. Mason, resigned; Any
V. Harris. Somersvtlle, Contra Costa
County, vice Patrick Brown, removed;
Clara J. Jones. Whitlock, Mariposa Coun
ty, vice J. S. Dearborn, resigned.
The following pensions were issued to
day: California: Original — James Young,
Fan Francisco. $6: Michael Fritz. La
Habra. SS; Henry Heinz. Martinez, ?6. Ad
ditinr.al—Frederick Tushr r, Oakland. $12:
Elias B. Rtuckey. Chico, JS. Increase —
John Johnson. San Francisco. $17; Zebulon
Morris. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
John Wesley- Wilson. Lop Angeles, $10.
Original widow— Adella M. Joslin, San
Francisco, J*.
Washington: Original— John G. HIekok.
TTUIah. riO; Wininm J~ Firming. Soldier*'
Home. Ortlng. $6. Supplemental—Chris
topher C. Stanley. Astnin. til Increase-
John II. Duncan. Toledo, $5.
Hail road Hen Have a Conference.
UJS Ar^UKLKS. June 21.— F. E. Gibbon.
vic#» rrfsidmt cf the San Pedro. Los An
pelrs and Salt Lake Railroad, will leave
to-night for R.ilt Lake to attend an Im
portant conference of th« officials of that
road. Senator W. A. Clark, George B.
Lciphton. R. c. Kerens. J. Ross Clark.
Perry Heath and Sonator Kerns will also
lw» In attendance. The meeting will occur
p-nrre time between now and July 1. and is,
arrording to J. Rn«=s Clark, "for the pur
posp of taking Fto<-k"— otherwiFp. to esti
mate what has been accomplished and to
r'nn fnr »h<> fi^ttir* ,
Attorney for Defense in Murphy Casa
at San Jose Argues for ''" .
Nonsuit.
EAYS THAT THE WOMAITS
CT.ATOT IS EXORBITANT
SEATTLE. Wash.. June 21.— Tlie steam
ship Jeanie arrived from Nome this morn
ing with sixteen oassengers. -Word was
received in Nome by | J. Goodyear , of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company which
confirmed the news of the drowning [ of
William Small, Henry Avery, Thomas
Ca:>well. Thomas Jones and Abe Appell.
They left St. Michael with the . stern
wheeler Anaconda and started for the
Koskokwlm via Bristol Bay about the
middle of July. Word came from a mis
sionary at Bethel Mission, which is near
the mouth of the Koskokwlm, that* part
of the Anaconda drifted on the beach
near the mission during the fall, which
confirms the fear of their friends that
they have all lost their lives.
In an interview with a correspondent
at Nome, Judge Noyes said in reply to a
query as to the charges against him:
"I do not care at the present time to
make, any statement- regarding, the
charges, for I am entirely ignorant of the
r-aiure of the charges, if any . have been
preferred against me to the Attorney Gen
eral, and have received no official or even
private notification that charges are pend
ing-. I, of course, can pay no attention to
public rumor. I even have not received a
copy of the decision written by Judge
Ross of th*e XInth Circuit Court of Ap
peals In the McKenzie contempt cases. I,
however, read excerpts from, that decision
and if the charges are based upon the
statement of the record as contained in
that decision I will be fully prepared to
meet them. I cannot say more than. this
at the present time, as I do not desire
to criticize or^ deprecate the' decision of
Judge Ross.
"The time may come, and soon, I think,
when Judge Roes will acknowledge that
in making a personal attack upon me he
was in the wrong and that his statements
with regard to me personally are without
foundation. I have been very busy all
winter, holding court almost continuously
since September last, and have not had
time to consider or prepare any statement
in answer to the numerous stories which
have appeared in the public press. And I
do not see my way clear for much leisure
during the coming summer, for as soon as
this special term closes I am due at St.
Michael, where I am required by law to
hold a regular term commencing the third
Monday in June. I then have another
special term set here commencing the 8th
of July, and a special term at Teller City
commencing the 12th of August."
Minera.
Comment From Nome
on the Circuit Court
Decision.
Arrival of . Steamship Jeanie
With News of Northern
JUDGE NOYES
MAKES DENIAL
FLAGS WAVE, MARTIAL MUSIC SOUNDS
AND GUARDSMEN MARCH IN REVIEW
Trim-Looking Regiments- of the National Guard of California As
v semble onj Laveaga Heights at Santa : Cruz and Pass in Fine
Alignment Before the Governor arid a ; Host -of 'Military 'Men
Lt! _ ¦¦ '' * • • • ¦¦-.-¦ . - — _ — ¦_ ¦ .
ALTURAS, June 21.— There is a feeling
cf terror In Lookout, a sense of forebod
ing that the clutch of the law is upon the
ringleaders of the mob that lynched Cal
vin Hall, his three sons and Dan Yantis.
Already three men are in the jail here and
the officers are looking for others with
•what seems to be a pretty good chance of
petting them.
The investigation made by the Grand
Jury of Modoc County is bearing fruit,
and the shadow of the gallows stretches
wider and darker' over the isolated little
village from which the five men were
taken at night and Bent to their death
without even so much as a moment for
undisturbed prayer.
The men in the jail are Robert Leven
ton, J. W. Brown and Isom Eadcs. These
persons were indicted by the Grand Jury
and a charge of murder,. has been writ
ten after the name of each. They are ac
cused of having been ringleaders of the
mob and to have had a chief part In the
lynching of the young son of Calvin Hall.
An offer of bail was refused. For several
days Leventon has been seriously ill and
he was barely able to come here at the
Sheriff's behest.
It is said by officials that there is proof
that not more than twelve or fifteen men
composed the mob. . In all probability
every man will be apprehended. Judge
Harrington is using ail possible means to
uncover the crime and says he thinks the
officers are in possession of evidence that
¦wilL convict more than the three men -who
are now In custody. The men arrested
made no resistance and came willingly.
They proclaimed tlwir innocence and pay
they ar* ignorant of everything pertain
ing to the affair.
Men in Jail at Alturas Say
They Know Nothing of
the Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Arrests Cause Ter
ror in the Modoc'
' Region.
LYNCHERS NOW
FEAR THE LAW
AMP GAGE, SANTA CRUZ. June
f[ 2L— Down the ridge of the big pa
ll • . rade ground the division marched
r^^ to-day in the biggest, best and
most military review the National
Guard of this State has seen. The week
in camp has given" the troops the swing
and steadiness of old campaigners. Tho
sun has browned them, and the dust has
settled on their accouterments. There
was nothing of the armory or 1 he carpet
about them; there was none of the Bide
walk gait. They trod the rough ground
cf the ridges as if to bear arms was their
business as well as their pleasure, and
as. the battalions swung on the hillside"
and crossed and recrossed crests and
rl<".ges they looked a force that any man
might well be proud to lead.
- The review was set for 6:30 o'clock. At
2 o'clock General Shatter arrived In
camp, accompanied by Colonel Plunvmer,
his aid, and the- guns snapped out his
official welcome of thirteen from under
the> flagstaff at division headquarters. He
went at once to General Warneld's head
quarters. He - was In full uniform and
wore upon" 1 his breast nearly a score of
medals that years of service have brought
to Mm. •
Soon after 3 o'clock Governor Gage ar
rived and again the guns started the'
echoes, this time with seventeen. Gover
nor Gage was met at the Sea Beach Hotel
by Troop A of the cavalry, under com
mand of Captain Jansen, which escorted
him to the camp. When the Governor's
carriage" arrived at headquarters . he had
with him General. Shafter, who had Joined
him, General Scamans and Colonel Plum
mer. General Dickinson and his staff
were waiting to receive him and . there
¦was a feeneral introduction. TUe Gov
ernor's staff had followed after the car
riage and they, too. Joined the' throng at
headquarters and* added to the handshak
ing. Then the Governor, General Shafter
and General . Dickinson entered the car
riage and drove through the camp.
Begiments on the March. ; ¦
In the meantime the regiments' were
making for the parade grotind and began
to form under their brigadiers and on
their places In line. General Muller of the
Third Brigade had the right of the line,
with the Sixth Infantry as his leading
regiment. Then came the Second.' Gen
eral Warfleld had the center with the
Second Brigade, the Flf th ' J n f antry lead
ing and the First following, with Major
Bush's artillery battalion on the extreme
left of the brigade. ; .*, ' : ,
• General Last of the First Brigade had
the left i of the line, and . attached to his
command for the purposes of the review
was a platoon^qf .; guns manned -by the
Naval . Militia men* from, the camp ; and
from the . Santa Cruz division and under
command of Lieutenant Carl* E. . Lindsay,
commanding. the Santa'Cruz division; the
signal corps, under. command of Lieuten
ant Colonel. Charles J.\: Evans, 'division
signal, officer,". with Major* A: A. Hanks,
signal officer, j Second > Brigade; .in .: direct
command of the corps, and the four, troops
of cavalry .under. Captain M. J. Burke of
the Salinas ¦ troop; 'And last of all came
the hospital corps and its two ambulances.
In all there,, were -more than 3000 men In
The formation ' was ¦ In line of ¦ battalion,
masses for the infantry and, of troops In
column of'fours for;the 'mounted men.
From tho ¦ tanitary \ corps on the extreme
left of the division the ¦, line. curved around
In a ¦ shadow; crescent. "following to /where
the right flankrbegan/ on 1 - the. end r of ; the
spur. The men. looked out over the basin
Inwhlch the. town- of. Santa Cruz lies and
the blueocean.beyond.it/-' i " • •- ¦'
' On" the -hour • Governor Gage -rodej; from
the ; camp '.% out' ' on ¦ the '¦' hill. • With . him
was General Dickinson^ and -behind the
staffof the Governor and ¦the staff , of the
iGenerali'Dicklnsom and Governor; Gage
rode. their horses out in front of the cloud
of horsemen ; that made; up: their, staffs
and watched the column; march by. :, The
bands turned'out and played. for their. own
regiments as they went past. •:¦ In the Sec
ond "Brigade: the 'bands of -the .First; and
Fifth regiments . had v been • combined , and
right well did the two organizations wake
the echoes.' ; The artillery.^ battalion . was
headed by a'drum and flfe corps; and the
Seventh " ; Infantry came : on t to : > the - grand
est -,' of all bugle ' calls, ; "Caesar Trium
phent." .which rang steadily through -.the"
quickstep ithe- band.. : was playing, - and
blended with it," for JSousa X.had ; woven
around; it: one of his 'marches. - r •: , ij-
platoon of. the .Naval 'Militia was
uniformed S In | white, Y a : bright ; spot 1 : in -the
column; of,: dull -/ blue.t.iThe i signal '.• corps'
and -the cavalry;: had ; no .band,:; and they
passed in a silence ; almost absolute, ) for
The March, in Beview.
'But more- impressive than all,, was the
steadily : moving, column swinging to the
quickstep of the bands and reaching in. a
swaying line up the; spur to;the little red
signal flag, doubling back i upon itself and
stretching, down until- the end ; lost itself
in the gulches and among the trees i that
mask the end of the plateau to the north
east.';.. -••;¦..¦ ".¦.:¦¦¦;•-»¦¦•.¦ '..'.*¦'. •.'• ¦¦.•• ..
Then the- order to advance was given.
As the bugle called the orders from, bri
gade commanders, from regimental and
battalion commanders, and from end to
end of the long line came, clear and high,
the^ commands, and at once the mass of
men in blue took life and action. -Guidons
rushed here ¦;¦ and there, company lines
broke into -fours and ; formed again, and
from a congested mass of men the division
emerged, .faced to "the left In company
front and waited for the command to
march. I; ' ' . ¦¦ .'..¦¦ .¦¦¦• • ,
"Right shoulder arms!" rang, out over
the ridge. . It was General Muller, and at
his command the rifles of S0O men bristled
from the hillside like a forest of spears
against the sky. .. •¦*•'.. '. • ,. .:¦
"Forward, march!" I came clear and
sharp, and with the blare of the, Sixth In
fantry band playing with s the echoes
among the hills, the head of . the column
came down the ridge. General Muller rode
ahead with his staff, leading the finest col
umn of Guardsmen that has ever trod the
hills of the State. On it came, steady and
straight, .the spatter, of the drunks break
ing into the brazen i notes of ; the band,
guidons .: flashing their bright .. colors,
buglers calling for the column left, around
the signal .flags flying at the end of the
ridge to mark the upper turn for, the col
umn, : and a fringe of •„ mounted -¦¦ officers
hanging on the front and. flanks. '¦- It was
a sight to set the blood -tingling 1 to. the
finger tips, and to plant a spark of patriot
ism in the heart of a stone., ..¦ . •¦¦.-,
The inspection took nearly half an hour.
Accompanied ,. by their immediate staffs;
Governor Gage and General Dickinson
rode dowmthe front of, the division, while
each band as it came < played "Hall to
the Chief." Turning the left flank, they
caVno back In rear of the line to tho right
flank, the bands playing as before,' and
then to a little eminence on the ridge that
had been selected as the reviewing stand.
Inspection of tho Troops.
general rode together. " General Shafter
and Colonel Plummer rode cut In a car
riage and took their places just ahead of
the reviewing stand. A,t a signal from
Colonel Miles, assistant adjutant Keneral,
the bugle sent the "attention" thrilling
over tho ridge, and the battalion settled
into rigidity. It dressed on a long line of
signal flags that had been set to mark the
flanks of the brigades, and at the bugle
call tho color sergeants let the silken folds
trail In -. tho wind until the front of the
division was punctuated with flapping bits
of brilliant color. Then Colonel Miles
turned the divlslpn over to its commander,
•who formally accorded' the review to Gov
ernor Gage. ' ". '•'
SCENES AT THE PICTURESQUE CAMP OF THE CALIFORNIA NATIONAL GUARDSMEN AT SANTA CRUZ, THE
COMMANDER OF THE DIVISION ASSEMBLED FOR THE PRACTICE IN THE FIELD AND THE ARMY OF
FICER WHO WAS PRESENT AT THE GUARD REVIEW.
MiiiU »ivis JFRA^TClSeb CAXjL, : SATURDAY;^J^NE^;;22,; : ;;19bl^<'
9
"I observed, a short time after using
Poptum, a decided change in my nervous
fystem. I could sleep soundly, and my
brain was more active. My complexion
became clear and rosy, whereas it had
bf-en muddy and spotted before; in fact.
all of the abnormal symptoms disap-
peared ar,d I am now feeling perfectly
wrll.
"Mrs. David McDonald, a friend, v>a*
troubled much as I, and she has recov-
ered from her heart and stomach trouble
by leaving off coffee and using Postum
Food Coffee.
"I know of several others who have had
much the ' same experience. It is only
necessary that the Postum be well. boiled
and It wins its own way."
She suffered from Indigestion- and* a
Ti-eak and Jrreg-ular heart and general
rervotis condition. She thought that it
¦K-ould be difficult to stop coffee abruptly.
She cays:. "I had considerable hesitancy
"bout making the changre, one reason be-
iri? that a friend of mine tried Postum
ind did not like it. The doctor, however,
T'-ve explicit directions that Postum must
he boiled long: enough to bring: out the
flavor and food value.
"His suggestions were carried out and
the delicious beverage fascinated me, so
that I -hastened to Inform my friend who
had rejected Postum. By the way, she is
cow usbig: it regularly, after found
that it could be made to taste 'as nice as
it does.
¦When a doctor, who has tx»en the vic-
tim of the coCTee habit, cures himself by
leaving off coffee and taking ' Postura
'Food Coffee, he knows something about
•what he Is advising ih that line.
A good old doctor in Columbus, Ohio,
who had at one time been the victim of
the coffee habit, advised Mrs. Carrie
Moran, 162 >J. 6th St.. Columbus, O-, to
leave off coffee and take on Postum Food
Coffee.
POSTUM CEREAL.
KNOWS HOW.
¦
Been Over the Road Himself.
w£ life £^Hi \fclf tPFPFQ IP
ffiH ?! *?* ifftt ' have suffcre d for years with female trouble and hav^e had five of the best doctors in Jif
IB c\ the country, but found no relief until I tried your Wine of Cardui, which has done wonders Jos
Bel, _^2/gLJB for me. I will gladly recommend it to any lady. I owe my gratitude to your good fj&I
Bffj^^^^S^/TniL^M I* li astonishing how many apparently healthy women there are who suffer Iff
Wm/^%^^^^^y//^m^ in **"**• E vcn their nearest friends do not know how little life means to them. If |||l
y° u arc a silent sufferer M' ss Johnson's testimonial should be full of encouragement Wj
W/mllm(MilllB///flm for you * Her "^ ran alon 3 for year5> beforc shc took Winc of P 11 * 3 '- But shc Iw
WJuim a/fliP/ IT/ iMH/M SOon sccurec ' re ' ic^ fr° m * nosc terrible dragging pains which were saddening her i|l
WINE OF GA1IBUI I
y^^ulSLt^jB^SP w^' c^ ma(^ c er "k e ' '^ e a ncw woman "« Female suffering is playing havoc Si
T*jj wMw^Mt^Tmti^^ with women, making them faded and old before their time. It will do that for Ig|i
»§& you if you don't stop the trouble. Why do you suffer another day? Your pain b unnecessary. Jaw
jay Delay invites dangerous complications which soon become incurable. AsK your druggist for a $1.00 j||[
Be bottle of Wine of Cardui and secure complete relief by taking it in the privacy of your own home. iSa
H I have been in bad health for about ten years and consulted with doctors but they did me no good. After Pa-
ijEgft using two bottles of Wine oLCardui and two packages of Thedford's Black-Draught I fee! like a new woman. kR
'*':'• MB ¦''¦'' ; -- For adrlce and literature, address, giving ;symptoma, "_ Tho Ladies' Advisory . b|h
§§lS -¦¦ Xftik' Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. - ,J f'£|
. ¦rt»8IBSSB^EfeSJ;v*" 1 '' : '.v*'':-':'.-^ : i '•'•¦":•¦¦' ¦/. ' '¦ . .,.'.': .- : ' "' .: '¦ ' ¦ — .. ¦¦ -^^^""^^*T'V- Business was dull on the morning session of
th> Bond Exchange, and -beyond an advance In
Spring Valley Water. to $83 75 there were no
changes worthy of note. ! There was no further
activity in the gas'stocks. The oil stocks were
also featureless.
STOCK MARKET.
..Articles—". '." ' .• ¦ ' -~ '
Wheat No. '2—.. Open. High.' Low.- Close:
'June ;........•.."¦..... 6S»i 68%'.- 66«4 '66«j
July;;.....::..;.'.... cs%;. 68% :) 67 ¦ , .67."
September-,....":....' 68 --"68 .. .' 66%: -.' 66"4
Corn No. I — . ' . .
J\ine':.7.'.~?;.~'.'i;..~.ij"~..j~"A\---- — •. 42V*
July.............'. 43% - 43«i 42% :- 43 -,,
September ......... ,44% ' 44% 43% 44
December..... -41>i 41% 40% 40%
¦ Oats No. 2— . - -. ¦ - ¦' -,'.'¦
July.- .......V........ .. 28% -- 28V1 "'27H 27%
September .".,....".. ¦ 26% ;¦ . -26% -" 26H • 26"A
May. ....../../..:... -29% . . . 29% "-' 2S% >,; 2S;»
Mess Pork,-; per bbl— .
July . :......... ......14 G2% 14 65 c 14 62% 14 65
September- ..:. .'...'. 15 00 15 CO , • 14 80 \ .14 S5 .
Lard, per 10O-lbs — * . ', :> ' ' '¦¦• • . - ,<
3u\y.C. '.:........'...'$ 70 8 70 i 8 55 -^8 60 ;
September.:.. VT.... '8 77% 8 77% 8 62%" .8 63 '
October ~. ... . . ... .".'. 8 75 ,.- : 8' 75 8 62'4 8 63%
' Short-Ribs,:perl00 lbs— I- '•*• •'-;*-"¦ ¦¦.-:¦.->.
July ..'.:*...¦..¦...-..;-.¦¦: 8 10 :¦£ .8 10. 8 02% •• 8 02%
September '.. I..'.. '.' 8 17% '..' 8 20 8 10 / 8 12%
crease in the price of raw; material is as : much
due ; to the , better ' trade ; advices ; at I home and
abroad ' as ¦ to - crop damage : reports , from* the
South. K Hides and leather,; long threatening an
advance, nave •: at • last , succeeded ¦ In v this • re
spect. , and in addition corn and oats « among
the cereals, lard among.: hog products,- cheese
among - dairy, products and -coffee « and tin I are
all higher on the week, the only ,1 Important
reduction being in wheat, duel mainly; to liqui
dation of the July option as much as to contin
ued good : crop advices. European advices 'favor
the Idea' that the continent of Europe will be a
heavy buyer the coming cereal; year." ¦;. ¦ :
.Iron and steel lost'nothlng in strength as the
turn of the year approaches. '« Reports of activ
ity in plglron at. the close of last week are con
firmed and Pittsburgh advices: are-, of 1 sales of
fully , 75.000 • tons of . Bessemer . pig ; and ' of ¦ con
siderable ;. quantities .- of ..other Iron. k " Foundry
pig is. reported in better" call; at some! markets
New demand • for finished material ' is ) quiet as
a -:¦ whole, but ' mill products «¦ likewise z show - a
seasonable shrinkage and manufacturers " are
NEW TORK, June 21.— Bradstreefs '¦ to-mor
row, will say: . • : . ..
The situation is one of sustained strength^ in
some lines and further improvement in 'others.
The crop situation o{ course remains the main
subject of interest and this, on the whole^'is a
good one, although Uoo much rain in the South
Atlantic . States . and too ; little : in: Texas, ' with*
the, lack' of warm weather for corn ; in " the
Northwest, have constituted exceptions to oth
erwise favorable advices.'? ' . , r -' -
Perhaps the most ' significant ¦ feature , noted
for some time past is that presented this week
in regard to the prices of a number of [ lead
ing commodities. '•-, Cotton goods, : notably] print
cloths, bleached goods and a: number of stand
ard ' products, have 'been advanced, and -an in-
Bradstreet's on Trade.
,- CORN— White ,is ¦; In. light -supply and" good
demand' : and held . higher. The .other sorts
••Afternoon Session^December — 10,000 ctls, 67^c.
OATS — Red .continue -to 'decline,'- as .will be
seen the- quotations. •¦-.The 1 other 'kinds are
weak.-.biit' no lower. 'White,' $1 42%Q1 55:^Sur-'
prise, ~>$1 nOgl 65; :Red, - $1 13(gl 22%; Black
$1 17%01 27% • per - ctl. y. , , . , . ; ~, " .7*4
I Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December^-4000
ctls.':6Sc.;.' :, , . . -.'. . - ¦ ¦' ¦. .
.... Second - c Session— No sales. '-¦ . * '
u Regular ,- Morning : Session— December— 24. CCO
Ctls.\67%C. : :. ' ..-¦¦¦¦.¦¦-".- : ,' :- .; ¦'- -.
CALL - BOARD SALES.
; . Feed, ,72%i@73?ic for No! 1 and 70@71Uc for off
grades; ; Brewing < and Shipping, grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal. : . • 1
Informal^' Session— 9:15\ r o'clock — December— '¦
4000 ctls, $1 01K: 42.CC0, Jl 01%. ;
• Second:- Session— December— 2000 ' ctls $1 C0*i
18.0C0. - U 00%.' • '.: .' ; - .';-'*'
Regular Moaning -Session — December— "0 CCO
ctls.' $1 00%;>.i2.C00,$l 00%: 6000, $100%.'. ".
I Afternoon- Session— December— 80C0 ctls $100%
. BARLEY— Although . futures ,; declined spot
grain I was ' firm and a fraction higher, owing
to ' the .. spot " market being practically : bare of
supplies.. ;,Thls< condition is supposed- to' be
temporary. - however. -> ..- . ... ; ¦
CALL ' BOARD SALES.
' Spot Wheat— Shipping.'; 93@-96^c ; milling, Jl®
102V4--Per,ctl. ~ '; . (:,-:._. ¦ .. ¦ ; .7 ¦
WHEAT— Weaker foreign . markets depressed
Chicago, which dropped from 63%c . to ¦ 67c. s
There, was considerable liquidation and -free
selling ¦ by the, professionals. The Southwest
also' sold heavily. ' . . , . \ .
• This market declined,' both on and, oft call
and'.was very dull. . . . . , # ' ,. ; j
Wheat and Oilier. Grains.
Sterling Exchange, > 60 days...... — $4 86».i
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — \ - 4 S9
Sterling cables ..........— 490
New. York • Exchange, sight..:...' — ¦-.¦-, 12%
New, York Exchange, telegraph., j — , ]5 ¦
Silver, per ounce — '53*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 5J
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 21.— Lower cables, coupled
with estimates of an abundant harvest, com
bined to create a ,weak opening in ¦ the wheat
pit." g During : the early part of the ' session the
feature was the heavy selling of locals. Com
mission, houses were moderate buyers. Liquida
tion'of July continued and was a powerful in-'
fluence in bringing- about: the depression in
September, which increased as the day - ad
vanced. . July opened %@%c lower, at 67%@6Sc.
Under, continued liquidation prices dropped to
67%c.' around which figure there ¦ was consider
able-profit taking. The - low point of the day
was 66%c, . at which : the I market closed weak.
Bradstreet reported exports of wheat and flour
equal to 5,521,000 bushels, against 4,791,000 la'st
week. , . . . •• : - ".. ¦ . ,. '.- ¦ ¦ . . : -
Corn was dulL Selling by longs,- mostly for
local account,. was the principal feature. Most
of this corn was taken by commission houses.
During the latter part of the session the mar
ket was very much affected t by weakness in
wheat and .. the • lowest prices were near the
clcss. September closed «ic lower at; 44%c. .
¦Oats were weak and dull, but with occasional
spurts." of . activity.- The weakness was largely
due to sympathy with other grains' and to-con
tinued -liquidation.'!. September.' closed %@%c
lower 'at- the = former figures. --.. - .. ..
; Provisions were .weak in \ sympathy with
weakness :.in- the grain, markets.' There v was
also an apparent 'desire of outside longs to take
profits. Trading, was light. September pork
closed 13c"lower;at $14 85,- lard -closed:. 10® 12%c
lower at $8 65 andjibs at, a decline of 5@7%c
at$8 10@8 12%. ¦• ¦ / ' ¦. • • -
The. leading futures ranged as follows: ..
Chicago Grain Market.
Subsiding activity and an casing off of quo
tations have marked the present week, in "Wall
street. The declines have not been . severe and
there was no dcided sign of liquidation. It
would seem, however, that a number of causes
combined to check speculation and to create a
conservative feeling on the part of the large
interests which have been leading the market.
There Is no fear at present of stringency I In,
the money market, the reduction of the | New
Tork, banks' surplus reserves to* $18,000,000 last
Saturday and the shipment of some HGOO.OOO
gold to Germany created a feeling' that rates
are necessary and unavoidable at least until
the July Interest and dividend payments are
completed. These payments will be the largest
on record, and thouRh the shifting of balances
In no case is no longer attended by such a dis
turbance of the loan market as was formerly
to be expected, it is thought that some pres
sure may be expected, and that any expansion
of speculation . would ¦ not .be advisable. ' Thib
seems to have been the chief limitation on the
activity of the market and the principal reason
for the halt in its progress, though weight must
also be given to the uncertainty which still-ex
ists as to the crop outlook, reports of less fa
vorable weather conditions of the West -having
had more or less Influence on the temper of the
market.. Another factor which Impressed the
street was the modification of the sanguine
views held a week- ago about the 1 probability
of a. big deal in coun.ectlo'h with -the St. Paul
road. It now seems that the community of in
terest people will be applied In the.caseof
St. Paul and the other Western roads,' but that
there will be no exchange of securities at high
figures and assumption of control by the Union
Pacific. . . ' - - . - ¦ -.
NEW TORK. June 21.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: . •
Bradstreet 's Financial Reviezv.
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. B'glO Okra. dried, lb... — <JS3
Artichokes. doz...25@40 Peppers, per lb...5O®—
Beets, doz Wfp— Potatoes, per lb 2%@—
Beans, white, lb. 6®— New, do 2%@—
Colored, per lb. 5®— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5<§> —
Dried Lima, lb.. 6@ 8 Sweet Potatoes. lb 3@ —
Cabbage, each 3® — Parsnips, per dz.10® —
Cauliflowers, each 5#— Radishes, dz bchs.l5@20
Celery, head 5 @— Sage, doz bnchs..25<S30
Cress, doz bnchs.l5®20 String Beans, lb.. 33 8
Cucumbers, dos...20@30 Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 15<S20 per lb " 5@ 8
Green Peas, lb 3# 6 j Sprouts, per lb — # —
Green Corn, doz. .13@30! Spinach, per lb... 5@—
Lettuce, per doz..lo<ffi20irhymne. doz bchs.23#3O
Onions, per lb.... 5@ 6!Turnips. per doz-.10@ —
Leeks, doz bncha.lG'g'CO, Tomatoes, per lb.. l@ S
"Fish— ...
Barracuda 12%®— j Striped Bass — <$—
Carp' ;..— @— [Sea Bass 13©—
Catfish ...: 10@— Smelts 15@—
Codfish 12915 Soles 100—
Flounders ..-. 8(310 Skate3. each .... 3®10
Halibut 8@12% Squid 1V>2<%—
Herring — <JS— Tomcod 8®—
Mackerel 13#— Turbot ...—#—
Do. horse 10®— Trout 40®—
Perch — @— Whiteflsh 10<8 —
Pompino : ...60<?? — Clams, gallcn ....5C© 1 —
Rockflsh :...15«f— Do. hardshell, lb S^O
Salmon, fresh ....15<g2f iCrabs. each J5@2O
Do. smoked ....15(340 Mu Mel3 . quart.... 5<j?10
Shrimps — <S— 'Oysters, Cal. 100.AC@>Tft
Shad ft® 8 Do. Eastern. d^c.25@40
Meats, per lb — ¦ . •
Bacon 15@lSiR»und Stealc Vijt—
Beef, choice i:@15 Sirloin Stealc 12%@—
Do, good lfr® — Tenderloin do 15®—
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse do..l7%S20
Ham — ©13 Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard — ®13 Pork, salt 10(312%
Mutton — @12JPork Chops 15@13
Lamb Ufi— Pork Sausages.. 12U«ii
Pork, fresh 15® — 'Veal .12©
Fruits and Nuts —
Apricots, per lb.. 5@ 6[Logan Berries,
Almonds 15<f?20| per drawer 40®—
Apples 4® r Nutmeg Melons.
Bananas. doz...l2H@I each ISMS'Ij
Blackberries, dwr.25<Jr4" Caches, per lb.'... 6@ S
Cherries, per lb.. 6@li ?ears. lb 30 5
Cherry Plums, lb. 4@ i ?lums, lb 5@—
Currants, box 5C@6C Raspberries. dwr.30®40
Figs, per lb 10<a— Raisins, per lb... 5®15
Gooseberries, lb...' 6® — Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb — 25@— drawer .25@4O
Oranges, doz 15@30 Walnuts, per lb...l5§20
Limes, per doz...l2@15 Watermelons, ea..33Q40
Lemons. 'doz . .....15t?25
The markets are well supplied with Butter,
Eggs and Cheese, and prices show no change.
-Poultry is plentiful at about last week's
prices. Meats stand the same.
Several new fruits are added to the list, bat
they are dear. Generally speaking, however,
the fruit market Is heavily supplied, and prices
are reasonable. The same may be said of the
summer vegetables.
- Coal, per ton-
Canned $ ©12 00 Southfield
Wellington. ©11 CO Wellington $ ©11 M
Seattle 9 00© Coos Bay.... ® 1 SO
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.35<g45 Ranch Eggs, per ¦ -
Do, good 2-v§S0 dozen ; 20®23
Cheese. Cal ...... .12^13 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17SJ 20 pound 15^20
Cheese. Swiss KXgSS Do, extracted... S©10
Common Eggs.. 15617%
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 30§60 Turkeys, per lb...l7|pJ
Young Roosters. Ducks, each. 40^60
- each 63®S3 Geeae. each ..$1 *5©1 M
Old Roosters. ea..4C®oO Ptgeona, pair 40®50
Fryers, each 50<3— Rabbits, pair 40®—
Broilers, each »...S0@5O Hare, each — ©20
¦100 Chicago, Hock Island & Pacific 168%
CCO Chicago Terminal & Trans. .:. r. .... : 23%
• 300 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd. '.' 44
200 C C C & St Louis.. .'........r...-86%
3.SO0 Colorado Southern .;..... 15'
NEW TORK ETOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
i;.000 Atchison ...........^..... 88%
fi.ioo Atchison rrefd 10514
1.500 Baltimore & Ohio 105
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94«i
9.CTJ0 Canadian Pacific 106%
1.2OO Canada Southern 71
1,400 Chesapeake & Ohio..... 49H
2.1C0 Chicago & Alton....... ; 45%
200 Chicago & Alton prefd .......... 79%
Chieaco, Burlington & Quincy. t r-196%
CM Chic&co..lnd & Louisville 38*4
Ojleaso -Ind & Louisville prefd.... 73
VQ Chicago &. Eastern Illinois. 130
H.r/X) Chicago & Great Western 2394
' r-00 * Chicago & Great Western' A prefd.: S8%
400 Chlcsjro &• Great Western -B prefd.: 56%
100 Chicago & -Northwestern. ..J.. ...... 201 ¦
NEW TORK. June ;i— The prospect of a
better bank statement to-morrow than has
been expected caused a more cheerful feeling
in the stock market to-day. Advances were
<juite wide in some quarters of the market
and there was an appreciable increase in the
interest in the market, the dealings again
rising over the half-million mark. The appre
hensions which have been felt regarding the
effect of the week's gold exports were allvi
ated by the publication of the preliminary es
timates of the cash movement of the week,
which showed that several factors had co-op
erated to offset the outgo of gold. The most
impcnant of these was a. large Influx of
oath, attracted irom the Interior by the hard
er money rates here. This movement has ap
parently served to offset the drain to the sub
treasury and left a margin of gains for the
banks of over a million dollars. The sub
trc-aeury operations themselves, although they
include the payments for almost $5,000,000 of
cold exjKTted. showed an actual withdrawal
lrora the market of only $2,251,000. The month's
high level of pension payments, the repay
ments for bonds redeemed under the offer of
the Secretary of the Treasury and the redemp
tion of checks issued against deposits of gold
in San Francisco and Seattle are the offsetting
1 actors. The changes in the loan Item are, of
ccuj-m, problematical. Rumors were rife of
the liquidation of some heavy corporation
lean?. ; The completion of the subscription pay
ments on the new Pennsylvania Etock. which
was issued to reimburse the company for re
cent purchases of stocks in other companies,
affords moans for the liquidation of the large
loans incurred while the purchases were being
made. The Pennsylvania collateral loans on
t-.;is account were stated at over $20,000,000 in
the annual rej>ort. . and this admittedly had
l.-wn added to Flnce the explicit statement was
made to-<3ay that these loans had been paid
"his week, but no authentic information could
be obtained on the subject. The tone of the
monfy market was easier to-day. A new
version of the St. Paul deal to-day had
it that the block of 250,000 shares of
ft. Paul etock recently reported sold
to Union Pacific Interests was In fact to
Yx- exchanged for an amount of Union Pacific
stock estimated at an equal value, thus furth
ering the establishment of community of In
terest. There was renewed buying by some of
«he larfe speculative operators who have been
quiescent this week. Union Pacific was car
ried 3 points over last night and St. Paul at
r-ne time 2. although the latter stock reacted.
Reports that a working agreement • had been
rrranged l>etween Pennsylvania and the Wa
bash caused the Wabash securities to Jump,
the common stock rising l?i. the preferred 3*4
and the debenture B bonds 4%. Missouri Pa
cific also rose 2% later In the flay. Canadian
Pacific rose >4, followed by some of Its Fub
s'.diary lines, apparently on the hope of a
Etr'.ke settlement.
The strength of New Tork Central «eemed
to be associated with the dividend meeting!)
cf the Vanderbllt companies. People's Gas was
ir.arked sp over 2 points on the prospect of a
contract with the Chicago authorities. Amer
ican • Linseed preferred rose 4 on the advance
in the price of the product. Local ' traction
rtocks were strong, led by • Manhattan. .: and
Sucar showed a good gain but without ex
r-ls-natlon. Colorado Fuel selling ex-divldend
rhowed a gain at one time of 4%. but saved
cn:y 2 points net caln. General Electric, after
rising 20 points, broke 8. There was an un
usually large numher of low-priced railroad
and Industrial stocks, which are not usually
E<tive. that rose from 1 to 4 points without ex
planation. The market closed quiet and steady
and with some stocks celling at the top. Amal
gamated Copper, during the latter part of the
<Ja*\ fully recovered its decline. . which had ex
tended to 1%. The speculative railroad bonds
¦were <ruite generally active and strong. " Total
saler. par value. $4,185,000. United States
bonds were all unchanged on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET. |
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,508 barrels; exports, 31,420 barrels." Weak
and 6@10c lower «> on top grades, Minnesota
' patents, $3 80@4; 'winter straights, $3 40@3 50.
/- WHEAT— Receipts, ; 123,000; . : exports, 129,467
bushels. Spot, weaker. No. 2 "red, 76%e f. o.
b. afloat; No. .2 red, 74%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 75%c t.' o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Ehi
luth, 82%c . f. o. b. afloat. . Options experienced
a . severe break under free July liquidation,
weakness abroad, disposing of the crop damage
rumors, a poor, spot demand and favorable home
crop accounts." despite the showers in harvesting
districts. Closed weak at l%«gl*ic net decline.
July, 74%@75%c, closed 74V«c; September, 72%@
73 y-16c. closed 72%c; October closed 73Uc; De
cember^ 74Vi@75>ic, closed 74Uc
J HIDEi-Stla'dy.
WOOL— Qulet-
COFFEE-Quiet: No. 7 Rio. 6c. Mild, quiet;
Cordova. 8>4&12%c. Coffee futures closed quiet
.with prices net 5 to 10 points lower. Total
sales, 16,500 bags, including: July, 5.10c; Sep
tember 5.25c; October, 5.3O@'5.35c: November.
6.40c; December, 5.50@5.55c; March, 5.65c; May,
5.75c. .-'..• - : •¦ . .-
SUGAR— Raw., easy; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 7-S2c; molasses 'sugar,
3 5-16c. ¦ Refined, quiet. :
BUTTER— Receipts, 7079 packages; firm.
Creamery. 15<f?19%c; factory. • 12%@15c. ¦
EGGS— Receipts, 7947 packages; quiet. State
and Pennsylvania, 13@13%c;' Western candled,
13@13%c; Western ungraded," ll®12%c. '
- ' DRIED FRUITS. .
¦ NEW TORK. --June 21. — Offerings of evap
orated apples are not large, but the wants of
buyers at this season of the year arc meager,
and the market on the whole was no better
than quiet at old prices. - State, common to
good. 3V»®5c: ¦ prime. 6%«?5%c: choice. 6$HVic:
fancy. ' 6V4® 7c. California dried fruits* ruled
dull.
.. PRUNES— 2H@6Uc per pound, as to size and
quality. ¦ — ' ¦ .s . .
APRICOTS— Royal. 8%@l2c; Moorpark. 7%
@i2c- • ' . ;
PEACHES— Peeled, 11@18c; unpeeled. 6® 10c.
Temperature — 7 a. m. t 52. •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tl.e pressure has risen riowly during the past
twelve hours over Washington and Vancouver
Island. The temperature has risen from 6 to
1« degrees over Central and Southern Califor
nia. Typical summer weather prevails in the
{Treat valleys. Maximum temperatures ranging
from 90 to 100 degrees are reported. Conditions
are excellent for ripening fruit. ' Along the
coast the weather is foggy and cool.
No rain is reported west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except on the Washington coast. —
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 22. WC-1.
Northern California— Fair Saturday; con
tinued high temperatures in the interior with
fog along the coast: light northerly winds in
land; brisk 'westerly winds elsewhere.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather; light northerly winds.
T-'tah — Fair Saturday; continued warm weath
er; light northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday; continued warm
weather.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
with fog in the afternoon; fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
•
- LIVERPOOL,' June 21.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 9d; No. 1 North
ern spring, 5s 9d; No. 1 California. 5s lid. Fu
tures, quiet; July, 5s 1%d: September, 5s 7%d.
CORN— Spot. -quiet; American mixed new, 4s
%d; do old; 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; July, 3s
ll%d; September, 4s. * ¦¦
LIVERPOOL. June 21.— WHEAT— Dull; No. 1
Standard California, 6s lld@5s ll%d; wheat. In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, easyu weather ln\England. fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 11-lfid.
. closing. /* ¦>'.;'> v ,
LONDON. June 21.— Consols, 93 9-16. Silver,
27 7-16d.' French rentes, lOOf 30c®100f 23c. Car
goes on passage, buyers indifferent operators;
cargoes No. 1 • Standard California. \ 29s 4%d;
cargoes" Walla Walla. 2Ss 10%d; English country
markets, steady. ,' 1 -
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, June 21.— Wheat— Steady: blue
stem, 61%c; Club, 59%c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, June 21.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
f9c. . ¦ . v . ¦
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 21.— Clearings. $291,561; bal
ances, $25,957.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 21.— Cotton closed steady,
unchanged to 6 points higher.
A gocd business transpired during the day.
Spelter experienced a decline of 2% points un
der lack of support and in sympathy with a
lower rullnc of values in London. The close
here was easy at $3 92%@3 97% and in London
£17 5s. Domestic Iron markets were quiet and
unchanged. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 5d
and Middle«iboro 44s 4%d. Copper locally was
nominally unchanged, while in London a. net
loss of 2s 6d was noted, spot closing at £JSS 123
Sd, and futures at £69 2s 6d. Lead was/with
out change. -;>.-¦
NEW YORK. June 21.— The market for tin
In local circles was j an Irregular one. - " The
opening was weak at a loss of about .40 points.
as a ' result- of depressing information »from
abroad, where values declined 13s, closing easy
at £129 6s for spot and £123 for futures. Later
In the day, however, buying orders became lib
eral, with a resultant rise of about25 points,
clo3ing.the local market quite firm and bring
inc'the net loss back to a matter of only 15
points; thus spot closed at $28 50@2S 60 and
still tending upward, v ..-'.V.V-- . ;
New York Metal Market.
BOSTON. June 21.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold 'California fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the following prices: Apricots, Royals,
single crates, "Sac to .$130, average. $106:
peaches, Alexanders, single crates, 90c to $1 25
average, $1 19; Alexanders, boxes, 65c to $1 10,
average, S9c; prune3. Tragedy, single crates,
$1 40 to $1 90, average, $1 65; plums, Abund
ance, $1 to $1 55, average. $1 20; Clymans, sin
gle crates. 75c to $1 25, average, $1. . Four cars
sold to-day.' Favorable weather. '
\ CHICAGO, June 21.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction .to-day, realiz
ing the following -prices: ¦ Apricots, Royals,'
single crates, _ $1 20 to $1 65, average, $1 44;
peaches, Alexanders, 75c to $1 05, average, 8bc;
Hale's Early, boxes, ,75c to 90c, average' 87c;
plums, Clymans, single crates, ,70c to $i:05,
average, 83c; prunes. Tragedy, single crates,
$120 to $2 10, average $155; plums, Abundance,
single crates, 90c to $1 05, average, $1 04; prunes,
Simoni, single crates, $1 to $1 35, average. $1 00;
plums, Burbanks, : single crates, 85c to $140,
average, $1 CS. Eight cars sold to-day. Weath
er favorable. . ; « ';..'•'
PHILADELPHIA, June 21.— The Earl Fruit
Company's calcs of California, fruit at auction
,to-day realized the following prices: Apricots,
Royals, single crate3, $1 25 to $1 50, ! average,
$1 33; peaches, Alexanders," boxes, 80c ' to $1 13,
average. 94c; plums. Abundance, single crates,
$1 to $1 25, average, $110; Red Junes, single
crates. $140 to. $150, average, $144; prunes.
Tragedy, $1 50 to $1 SO. average $1 60; ' Climax,
single crates, $1 85 to $2 10, average, $2 01;
plums, Clymans, average '. 75c, single crates,
Two; cars sold. to-day. Favorable weather. »
NEW YORK; June 21.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction, to-day
and realized the following prices: Peaches,
Hale's Early/boxes, $115 to- $1 35, average
$1 24; Alexanders, boxes, $1 20 to « 60, average,
$129; Apricots, .Royals,' single crates, $116 to
$1 55, average, $1 24; plums, Clymans, $1 to
$1 40, average, $125; prunes. Tragedy, $130 to
$1 90, average, $1 54; Simoni, single crates, $1 23
to $1 40, ¦ average, $1 25. Seven cars sold to
day. "Weather favorable. . ' j
California Fruit Sales.
The ¦ stock ' market \ was extremely ' dull r and
trading drifted.' throughout the . session -"and
prices etlll sagging. J- Americans were Idle wltl}
the rest; until the last; ten minutes.. of trading."
when buying orders from New York in Wabash,
Union • Pacific * and - Canadian • Pacific stocks
caused a pronounced jump in these shares. The
better, feeling' was communicated -tO' the. rest
of the list with the' result that a fractlohalrlse
took place all around.' /The close was distinctly
cheerful.} The improvement in Canadian Pa-"
NEW YORK., June 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram : says"-- r;
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 21.' — Money on call, -firmer
at 3%®5 per cent; last loan,' 4% per cent; rul
ing rate, 4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
SVitHVi cent. Sterling " exchange, easier
a* - advance, with actual / business in ¦ bankers
at- $4 88 for demand and $4 85%@>4 85% for sixty
days. . Posted rates, .. S4 S6%@4 89. Commercial
bllln. »4 84%@4 85%. Silver certificates, nom
inally 60c. .Bar silver, 59%c. Mexican dollars,
47%c. ¦ State bonds, - inactive ; - Government
bonds, steady; railroad bonds, strong. •-¦ : « *
New' York Money Market:
Colorado Southern 1st prefd El
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
. 200 Delaware &. Hudson.. 166%
200 Delaware, Lack & Western ...237
200 Denver & Rio Grande 52
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 100%
LSOO Erie •'. *3%
1.900 Erie 1st prefd -.71%
SOO Erie 2d prefd..... ...U 57%
Great Northern Drefd ..:. 185%
100 Hocking Valley 54%
Hocking Valley prefd i 78U
2,900 Illinois Central 147%
1.S0O Iowa Central ...:. 41*
6.900 Iowa Central prefd..- '•: 72%
200 Lake Erie & Western. I :. 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd.. 120
6,200 Louisville & Nashville 110%
16,100 Manhattan Elevated ...124Vi
4.3C0 Metropolitan Street Railway 174%
200 Mexican Central - 29%
700 Mexican National 11%
2.600 Minneapolis & St Louis 108%
35.100 Missouri Pacific .122%
1,200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas... 31%
500 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd... 64&
New Jersey Central 160
1,400 New York Central .....157V*
900 Norfolk & Western..... 56%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd..... 89%
Northern Pacific ....:. .120 -
Northern Pacific prefd 97%
11.500 Ontario & Western 38%
P C C & St Louis 78
12,300 Pennsylvania 152%
12,400 Reading *'£»
7.200 Reading 1st prefd <9%
L300 Reading 2d prefd »<%
13,100 St Louis & San Francisco. v o2*i
St Louis & San" Fran 1st pfefd 85
1.700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 75
100 St Louis Southwestern. 34U
200* St Louis Southwestern prefd 67%
39.600 St Paul .. JJJVs
200 St Paul prefd -... 191
29.300 Southern Pacific 60%
4,300 Southern Railway 33T*
2,200 Southern Railway prefd S7Jg
3,200 Texas & Pacific. 4<%
200 Toledo, St. Louis & Western.... 22%
700 Toledo, St. Louis & Western prefd. 37%
74,700 Union Pacific H3%
300 Union Pacific prefd.......; 91%
14,400 Wabash • 23%
62,800 Wabash prefd • 4o r >g
3.100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 21%
5,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 33%
2,300 Wisconsin Central 24%
600 Wisconsin Central prefd 47%
Express Companies — __
Adams I" 5
American 19S
United States '. 91
Wells Fargo ....: v -150
Miscellaneous—
16,000 Amalgamated Copper 125
9,900 American Car & Foundry 32%
700 American Car & Foundry prefd.,... 87%
200 American Linseed Oil 24
SOO American Linseed Oil prefd 54
•7.200 American Smelting & Ref 57T4
2,600 American Smelting & Ref prefd 103%
MOO American Tobacco 138%
1,100 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
20,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83%
1.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron, ex div 115
700 Consolidated Gas - ,. .'.222
2.3P0 Continental Tobacco 6SVi
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 118%.
l.CCO General Electric 258
400 Glucose Sugar 60%
1.S00 Hocking Coal 24 ,
700 International Paper ...;.« 23»£
100 International Paper prefd .".. 77%
1,000 International. Power 97%
Laclede Gas 84
100 National Biscuit 45
2,200 National Lead * 24
100 National Salt 43%
100 National Salt prefd 77%
300 North American : 104%
Pacific Coast 71%
Pacific Mail ". 47
11.400 People's Gas 119%
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 44>4
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd S5T4
Pullman Palace Car ' 20S
1.900 Republic Steel 22%
1.200 Republic Steel prefd 76
- 7,600 Sugar 146%
r>.900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70%
2.100 Union Bag & Paper Co 17%
700 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 74%
4.200 United States Leather 14%
3,200 United States Leather prefd -. 79%
SOO United States Rubber 21%
400" United States Rubber prefd 61>,i
12.700 United States Steel 48!i
6.M0 ITnited States Steel prefd 98%
3.200 Western Union 84>4
634.2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. \
D S ref 2s reg 106% N T Central lsts..lO7?i
U S ref 2s coup... 107 ; N J Cent gen 6s... 132*4
U S 3s reg lOS^ N Pacific 3s 72%
U S 3s coup 108% N Pacific 4s 105%
V S new 4s reg 1SS% N T C & S L 4s.lO6Ti
U S new 4s coup.,13S% N & W con 4s 102%
US old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lsts 109
U S old is coup... 113% Or Nav 4s ..;..1O4
U S Es reg 108% Or Short Line 6s..l29U
U S Ss coup... 108% Or S Une con Bs..ll9H
Dist or Col 3.63s.. .126 Reading Gen 4s.... 9S%
Atchison gra 4s 104% R G Western lsts.103%
Atchison adj 4s.... 9S% S L & I M con 5s.ll?
Canada So 2ds 109 S L & S F gen 6S.136U
Ches & Ohio 4>is...lO8% St Paul cons 186%
Ches & Ohio 5s 120U St P C & P lEts...lls'
C & NW con 7s 142% St P C & P 6s ISO
C & NWSFdeb 5S.122 So Pacific 4s 93%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 96% So Railway 6s 11914
Colo Southern 4s... 89% Stand R & T 6s.... 64
D & R G 4s.. 104% Tex & Pac lstB....U8V4
Erie General 4s.i... 90% Tex & Pac 2ds 99
F W & D C lst3...107% Union Pacific 4s 106%
Gen Electric 5s 200 Wabash luta 119
Iowa Central lsts.. 115 Wabash 2ds .......114
L & N Uni 4s 103"J West Shore 4s 115
M K & T 2ds 8« , Wls Cent 4s 92
M K & T 4s 99V»^Vi Centuries 96%
V"'\ MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 LIttlu Chief ........ 13
Alice .".... 43 Ontario a 00
Breece 1 60 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 15 Phoenix 13
Comstock Tunnel... 03 Potcsl. .'05
Con CeJ &Va 2 03 Savage .- 05
Deadwood Terra — 50 Sierra Nevada J8
Horn Silver 135 Small Hopes 40
Iron Sliver 58 Standard ...........3 63
Leadville Con .05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. -
Money— • Union Land ...... 3%
Call loans 3 ©3% West End 95
Time loans ...\3%f4' / 4 Westingh Elec... 67
Stocks— v Bonds— .
A T & St Fe...... 88% Atchison 4s 104
Do prefd 105 N E Gas At Coke 5s 60
Amcr Sugar 143% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 122% Adventure ......... 17%
Amer Tel 160% Blngham Win Co.. 23%
Boston &. Albany.. 233 Amal Copper 125%
Boston L 178 Boston & Mont.. ..492
Boston & Maine... 193 Butte &. Boston... .123%
Chi Bur Ac Q 19C% Calumet & Hecla.80o'
Dominion Coal .... 41% Centennial ..... SOW
Do prefd. 113% j Franklin .17%
U S Steel ..49 Humboldt*.. 23
Fitchburg prefd... 143 ' lOsceola -.. ,...89
Cen- Elec 255 IParrott ..53%
Mexican Cent 2S% jQuincy ..J72
N E Gas & Coke.. 8% Santa Fe Copper.. 7%
Old Colony 208U Tamarack .335
Old Dominion '.... 3C% Utah Mining .\...; 30%
Rubber ...:. .•.¦...¦.: 21% Winona ....-2
Union Pacific 113% Wolverines '........ 53 \
¦ NEW YORK, June 21.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 20, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:. :.-.: • \ ,
- _.., • ¦- Percentages.
Cities— ; Amount. Inc. .Dec.
New \crk $1,639,079,235 87.7
Boston 127.307,735 18.2 " ....
Chicago .....i...... 146,116,298 11.4
Philadelphia 135,288,079 36.0
St. Louis 42,540,890 37.4
Pittsburg 44,526,304 . 30. 1
Baltimore 22.974,440 2.-S •
San Francisco 23,012,963 '_ 25.2 ....
Cincinnati. ....-22,244,650 43.4 ....
Kansas City J5.3S9.798 18.8 -....
New Orleans . -9,470,260 >23 3 - \
Minneapolis .....'... '8.829,426. ...; 26.6
Detroit ............. 10.292,974 27.1' ;...
Cleveland 14,628,064 ' 14.9 '-....
Louisville 9,501,493 19.9 /...
Providence 6,495,700 3.5 ....
Milwaukee ...... 6.367.267 12 1
St. Paul ;. 4,722,798 ( ' '2.7
Buffalo 5i925,822 25.7
Omaha 6.368,049 . 3.4
Indianapolis ... 8,152.747 21.8 ....
Columbus, Ohio.... '6,750,900 10.1 ....
Youngstown, Ohio. 520,803 71.0'
Savannah :.. 2,745.905 .:.. • 6.0
Denver ¦ 4.203,244 .... 5.1
Hartford 2,381,844 .... " ....
Richmond ..' -3.678.898 12.5 •-....
Memphis 2.840.SS6 30.6 ....
Washington 2,723,141 12.2 " ....
Peoria 2,150,983 11.3'
Rochester 2,053,815 '' 25.6 ....
New.Haven 1,401,365 - .. ....
Worcester 1,599.586 21.5 ....
Atlanta . 1.577,895. 15.8 ...."
Salt Lake City . 4,419,967 123.4 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1,339,819 15.5. ....
Fort Worth 2,104,935 29.4 - ....
Portland. Me ... 1.3C1.C93 33.2 ....
Portland. Or .2,160.567 12.0 ....
St. Joseph 4.536,833 14.7 ....
Los Anceles . 2,931,138 33.2 ....
Norfolk .'. 1.376.885 6.6
Syracuse .j 1,407.107. 17.6 '....
Des Moines 1,607,697 23.8
Nashville 1.201.4R1 ' 1.8
Wilmington, Del... 962,988 .... .'...
Fall River ......... 822.047 35.4
Scranton 1,318.434 16.6
Grand RaDids 1,278.482 7.8
Augusta, Ga... 767.665 ' - 14.4
Lowell - 630.176 6.7
Dav^on 1,109,972 .... 2.3
Seattle 2,805,103 .... ....
Tacoma ...: 1.139,758 -21.9
Spokane"...: 1,176.500 9.1 '
Sioux City 1,154.227 2.8 ....
New Bedford 461,943 29.4 ....
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... . 572,432 -12.5
Topeka 978,656 23.9 ....
Birmingham • 932.273 - 5.3 ....
Wichita .'.. 485.239 1.4
Blnghamton 304,200 .... 26.3
Bloomington 182,093 8.3 ¦¦ .:..'
Lexington. Ky..... \ 438.725 14.0
Jacksonville. Fla... 390.857 54.1
Kalamazoo 437,723 10.3
Akron E84.000 24.7 — "
Jacksonville, 111.... -134,388 .... 4.9
Chattanooga 449,539 11.1
Rockford, 111: 328,084 10.0
Canton. Ohio 383.300 14.3 ....
Springfield, OhiOT-.. 318,806 .... 14.2
Fargo, N. D 337,729
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 192.223 67. 3
Springfield. Ill 441.4S9 18.6
Fremont. Nebr 120,606 20.5
Davenport 826,031 ...'. 5.6
Toledo 1.921.401 12.7
Galveston 5,643.000 29.1 ....
Little Rock 638,045 30.5 ; ....
Macon 553,000 1.2 ....
Evansville :... 966,609 4 38.1' ....
Colorado Springs... ' 1,109,070 ¦...."
Helena 741.423 30.6
Wilkesbarre 724,094 .... i
Chester, Pa ¦ 288,499
Wheeling '.. 656,526 .... '.••••
Totals. U. S... .$2,388,483,373 "59.5
Totals outside of
New York.... 749,410,138 20.0 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal :..' $18,531,951. 13.2 ....
Toronto 12.514.678 i 25.6
Winnipeg 1.872.1J6 .... 20.7
Halifax L662.811 31.1 . ....
Hamilton 717,508 .... 10.7
St. John. N. B..... 758.515 3.5
Vancouver 964.379 24.2 '
Victoria 643.120 10.0
Quebec -1.491.917 \
I Totals 137,665,079 . 14.2 .'...
New York Grain arid Produce.
A year ago the trade was beginning to realize
the extent of Injury by drought in epripg wheat
States, and. in a. few days about eight cents
was added to -the price. As the season ad-,
vances crop conditions steadily, improve, and in
some States the! winter wheat is being, har
vested. ¦ No severe drop in quotations is an
ticipated,-however, for the crop is by no means
beyond danger in the Northwest, and even a
yield equal to the largest estimate may be
¦required if the most gloomy foreign fears are
realized. Instead of raising sufficient for her
own needs, France 1 has come forward as an
enormous purchaser, and other foreign nations
are dependent on imports . to an unusual ex
tent. In three weeks exports from Atlantic
ports have been 10,410,316 bushels, against 8,823,
388 bushels last year and 6,504,262 bushels in
1899.- ; : V . .
For the last, week the movement from the
Eastern seaboard does not show the usual gain
over . last year, but -Pacific shipments were
950.100 bushels, against 516,433 in 1900.- : -'
' Failures ' for the week numbered 193 In the
United States, against 174 last year- and 14 in
Canada, against 15 last year.;
The woolen goods " industry has a more en
couraging aspect than at any time for many
months, and a more hopeful feeling is enter
tained as to the volume of new orders about
to come forward. ' • ...
Leather reflects the decreased" needs of shops,
though' heavy stock commands . top figures ow
ing to scarcity. /¦ "
Quotations are - shaded about IVt cents on a
few goods, particularly boots, . and . fall
deliveries are more quiet. The more fortunate
manufacturers have business to occupy shops
to the end of August. ¦ .'. • -
Less . interruption . through labor controversies
at machine shops makes the iron and steel in
dustry more fully employed than In recent
.weeks, and for another week> there is assurance
of vigorous activity at mills and furnaces. In
many instances promised j deliveries cannot be
made before July 1, and urgent business that is
now i offered cannot be undertaken. It is also
noticed that much foreign business is available,
but manufacturers refuse ' to make bids. . On
the 'other, hand it is stated , that quiet condi
tions will soon be the rule and fires will go
out , for the ¦ customary summer overhauling.
This may , be the 'case at' a few plants, . - al
though the requirements of the railroads and
other known, needa are such as to render any
general suspension very important. Large sales
of Bessemer pig reported last week have since
been denied, and foundry l»on is now the fa
vorite, especially at Southern points. No al
teration is recorded in prices, aside from a
moderate reduction in gray forge.
No decrease is seen in shipments of boots and
shoes from .Boston, forwardings continuing far
in excess of other years, but actual production
of the shops. is slightly reduced. and there is
less new business offered.
Increasing distribution of merchandise.- par
ticularly in the territory beyond the Ohio River,"
including' the far . Northwest, is a feature \ of
the general business situation and tells of wide
spread prosperity and confidence.' ; ; The -rail
roads" are" carrying more goods ; that may be
classed as luxuries , than ¦ ever beforehand | in
spite of Wall street's slightly -higher money
market there > is ! no fear on this score in any
line 'of legitimate trade. • Crop news continues
good,' there i» : less trouble from j disagreements
with labor and the cotton market has recovered
slightly. ; f • _. •. - V i ¦
NEW -YORK, June 21.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Weather Report.
¦ (120th Meridian-Pacific Time.) .
BAN FRANCISCO. June 2L 5 p. m.
The following maximum ' temperatures were
reported from ctations In California to-day:
Eureka, S3; Mount Tamalpals. 77; Ban Luis
Obispo, SO; Red Bluff, 96; Fresno, 98; Loe An
geles, 76; Sacramento, 90; Independence, 94;
San Diego, 68.
Ean Franci&co data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, 49; mean, £6.
Bank . Clearings.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000.- Sheep and lambs,
Bteady. Spring lambs.- up to - $5 50; good to
choice wethers, $4@4 40; .fair to choice mixed.
$3 73@4 10; . Western sheep, $4-34 30; yearlings
$4 25@4 60: native lambs, ' $4@5 25; Western
lambs, $5@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, . 18,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over. 800. Market 5c higher, active.
Top. $6 22H. Mixed and butchers, . $5 85@6 15;
good to choice J heavy, $6@6 22%; rough heavy.
$0 8o@o 95; light, $5 80@6 05;, bulk of sales, $5 95
@6 12%." . -¦ . ¦ - .
: CHICAGO, June 21. — CATTLE — Receipts,
250O, • including - 500 ; Texans. .» Generally steady.
Texans, : firm ;. good ¦ to prime steers, J3 50®6 30;
poor, to medium. $4 50@5 40; stockers and feed
ers.; slow, $2 90@4 §3; cows, $2 70@4 85; heifers,
$2 70©5; canners, $2@2 65; bulls, $304 60; calves,
$4 E0@6 50; Texas fed steers, '$4 25@5 40; Texas
grass steers, S3 50@4 10; v Texas bulls, $2 75®
3 7o. ¦ ..-.'¦ / 1 .-'-..'- -' - l Vv* .: ' -
LIVERPOOL.
_. Wh , eat — ¦¦-' July. > ¦ Sept.
Opening 5 8V j 5 8H
Closing ...../.. .- .;........ 6 7% •¦.•¦¦& 7%
• :¦.--'. . , paris. / ;
- ; -. June. Sept.-Dec.'
Opening ¦....:.;.. ; 20 20 »l 10
Closing 1 . ..¦...:.".¦.:...¦...„. 20 15" 21 10
• ' Flour^ - ¦ -
Opening ................;,...... 25 50- \ 26 93
Closing .:::..: 25 60 26 85
;•: Chicago Livestock Market.
Foreign Futures.
Linseed Oil again advanced.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted. -
Wheat lozver and spot Barky a. shade higher.'
Oats continue to weaken. Corn firm and Rye neglected. .
Hay 50c lower ajid weak. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds continue neglected. ¦ .', '
Potatoes zceak. Onions steady. Vegetables iii large supply.
Eggs continue to actumulate. Butter and Cheese plentiful.
Poultry market still well supplied and depressed.
Orchard fruits abundant and zvcak. Oranges neglected and lozver.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet but steadily held.
Meat market as before quoted.
Light trading o n the local stock exchanges.
Codfish continues to advance. f
WASHINGTON, June v 21— To-day's - state
ment of the Treasury r balances in the generaK
fund, exclusive, of the '$150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division, of .-redemption, shows: Avail
abale cash balances, $170,259,136; -gold, $95,
549,267. *¦ . - * ¦' *" . '— '
Conditwti of ¥th§ treasury.
June 21.— Atchison, 90%; Canadian
Pacific, 108%; Unionl Pacific preferred, 92%:
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda. 10&. Bar silver, steady.. 37 7-16J.
Money, 1%@2 per cent. - ' - . : =
CLOSING
¦ ' • - ¦ ' ¦ t . ' ... • ¦¦ 7 • : ¦•'
clflc was interpreted to 'mean that a settlement
of the strike is at hand. Tintos were 55% on
Parla sales- and fears of a lower dividend.
Money rates and ¦ discounts were - steady. . The
BanK of England had received £36,000 in bars
and has bought £12,000 in .China.
Exchange on Paris is 25.21. : with Berlin ex
change steady and ¦ unchanged.
Articles— " T" ~. ' . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .'. 17.000-. ' • 10,000
Wheat," bushels '..". .:...... 89,000 • : 150,000
Corn, .bushels '............ ":..., 145,000 - 141,000
Oats, bushels... ...'.„:. :r.:...180,000 .'¦ 124,000
Rye,, bushels •¦.¦.'..."...•.;........ 3,000 ' ..¦.."..
Barley, bushels ' . . ; .V. ...'.. "7,000 ' 1.C00
> • On the ' Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14%@19c; dai
ries, 14}£@16»£c. Cheese, steady, 9@10c. Eggs,
10Vi@10V4c. -
rye, * 47®47%c ; ¦ good . feeding barley, 51@52c ; No."
1 - flax " seed, - $1 85; No.', 1 Northwestern,'' $1 85;
prime - timothy ;" seed."' $4; i- mess pork, ¦ per bbl,
$14 62%@14 65; lard, per 1C0 lbs, $8 55@8 60; short
rib ¦ sides - (loose). ¦ $7 9W@8 10 ;» dry j salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7@7%c; , short clear sides • (boxed),'
$8 35(g8 40; whisky, .basis of high wines, $1 27.
, '¦ From July l to date this . season wheat ex
ports were- 211,512.214 bushels, against 196,480,136
last season and 223,193,476 bushels in 1S9S-99.
-Failures for the week numbered 188, against
198 last week/ 167 in this week a year ago, 139
injsng, 220 in 1898 and 215 in 1897. /¦ i
Failures- in Canada for the week number 26,
as against 17 last week, 28 in this week a year
ago. 22 in 1899 and" 19 in 1897. ' . .
At . Chicago leather is v active and strong in
sympathy with, hides and stocks, of upper
leather are reported light.
Wheat, (including flour) shipments . for the
week aggregate 5.529,231 bushels, against 5,719,
109-last week. 4,640.100 in the corresponding
week of 1900, .3,746,718 in 1S99 and 3,799,407.bush
els in 1898.- ' ¦'•'. I ¦¦
r Shoe shipments continue close to the maxi
mum, , again exceeding, 100,000 cases for the
week. . Hides are firmer at the West and higher
at .the -East. ¦; ' .. - .¦••-, , ¦ ¦-.. -" " '¦ . ".
Etlll; eight "weeks ; behind in -their orders. Chi
cago ; reports : some ' good • orders for.' steel ' rails
in the market with > $30 , demanded where busi
ness has actuallv; been consummated.- an i ad
vance i of^$2 on - the , week." Plates. • bars and
structural material are < also I firmer at! that
market, i. Building hardware; is in enormous de-1
mand the country over and wire and nails are
c specially scarce. There . is even a better feel
ing In the Southern plgiron market. •¦ ; ~ t .- '- :.
i" W^oolen goods ¦ trade advices are . quite ' cheer
ful,:.* and "clothing ¦ manufacturers : and dealers
are reported ; quite confident as to ¦ the outlook
for busi ness. No particular change is noted ¦ in
wool prices, but there is a good volume of busi
ness doing at the East ana at leading interior
markets. -\ - ¦¦¦¦¦,-•:¦ , ¦ ¦ '
WASHINGTON 1 .
Flour, qr sks.... 5.234 (Middlings, sks .. V •
Oats, ctls 3.000 Flaxseed. ska .... S94
Corn Meal. sks... 7901 Wool, bales ...... 449
FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 22.
Flour, qr sks.... 8, 841 1 Hides, No. ...... 2SS
Wheat, ctls 5.72p Leather, rolls.... 14t
Barley, ctls 1,140 Wine, gals I.100>
Oats, ctls 230 Hay. tons 534
Tallow, ctls — 222 Wool, bales .... 252
Quicksilver, flks. 49 Middlings, sks... 271
Chicory, bbls- - -40 Bran, ska 4S~,
Pelts, bdls 70 Onions, sks ;¦:.¦...¦; - 12%
Sugar, sks 5.S0O Potatoes, ska.... 8.839
Lime, bbls 132 . .<'...
Crushed, 6.25c: Powdered. S.SSc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.83c: Dry Granulated. 5.73c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.23c: Golden C.' 5.13c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken fcr less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some kinds are still
higher, the revised Hat being as follows: Bun
dles, per lb. 5%c; cases, regular. 5%c; cases,
extra large, 6c; cases. Eastern style. 6V»c; bone
less, 7%c; Norway, 7^ic; Narrow Gauge, 7%c;
Silver King. 8c; blocks, Oriental. 7c; blocks,
Seabr'ght. 7Hc: tablets. 8c; middles. Golden
State. 7«4c; middles.- White Seal. 8»ic; 5-lb
boxes fancy, boneless. 9c; 2-lb boxes fancy,
boneless. T^ic; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per doz,
75c; pickled cod. barrels, $7 73; pickled cod.
half barrels. $4 75.
SUGAR— The 'Western • Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in ICO-lb bags:
COAL OIL— Water White Coa! Oil. in bulk;
12'/4c; Pearl Oil. in cases, lS^c; Astral, ISHc;
Star. 13%c; Extra Star, 22Hc; Elaine. 23^0;
Eocene. 20Hc;' deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c:
in cases, 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c;
in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $8 50: Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $9 ; ~ Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. 50 in bulk and $13 73
In sack3; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $3 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, .ac
cording to brand.
OILS— Another advance In Linseed is noted.
California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 73c; pure
$130; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 81c; raw,
79c: cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels, SCc; cases, 83c; China Nut,
53@G3c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. barrels.
65c: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 63c; Whale Oil.
natural white. 37%@42Vic per gallon; Fish Oil.
in barrels. 35c; cases. 4Gc
GRAIN BAGS— San Qtientin Bags. $3 83: Cal
cutta Grain v Bags. 7%c; local make. He lees
than Calcutta*; Wool Bags. 32@33c; Fleece
Twine. 7^4® 8e.
Receipts of all descriptions continue about
as large as the market can conven;ently stand,
and prices show no change..
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers'
are' as follows:
BEEF— 61i®7c for Steers and 6S8Hc per lb for
cows.
VEAlALanre. 7%®Sc: small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "QSc; Ewes, 6V»©7e per
pounds. ',v'-":i
LAMB — Spring. 8S9c per pound.
PORK — Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 8a6Hc*
180 to 223 lbs. 6c; 223 and over. 5%®5"»c; feed
ers. ; dressed Hogs, 7',a99%c.
% General ; Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Itec under quotatrons. , Heaw Salted
Steers, lfliic; medium. 9@9%c; light.' 9c; Cow
Hides. 8%@0c for heavy and S@SHc for light-
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kio. 9%c; Salted Vea£
9Vi@10c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides l&316^c*
Culls 13£@14c: Dry Kip. iSc: Dry Calf isSa
17c; Culls r and Erand3. iaiS14a- Shee-iXnf
shearlings 13«30c each: .hort VSTlT^SS
each; medium. 60® iac; long Wool siw?iT
each! Horse Hides, salt. $2 50^2 Ti f or lafr«
and $? 23 for medium. $1 5001 75 for small a J5
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 f? r Ia --^
$1 50 for medium. Jl 23 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins *¦>•
fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin 'skins
20c. Goatskins-Prime Angoras. 73c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 33c. 6 aau
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4!ifi4S4c „«- , h .
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3U-S4a; greas^ 2S-u c lb '
V/OOL— Spring. 1K0 or 190*— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 13@14%c per lb: Northern, free l*»
13c; defective. 9®Uc: Middle County, free ipa
lie: do defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 month?
S«9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7«il0c: do de
fective, 7 months. 7{JSc; Oregon Valley "fin*
14@15c: do, medium and coarse. Il@i3c; Oreironl
Eastern, choice. n@13c; do, fair to good 9Q11<P
Nevada, lie. * W '
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market. '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
per barrel; extra Mess, |12 M; Family,* $13 so
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra "clear. $23: Mesa*
$19: Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb. . .*
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per 1J> for conV
F^" n d A . and 10^ c f°r Pure; half-barrels, pure
• 10 Jt£JEST, : 10 " lb tIns - »®"^c; 5-lb tins. ll^c.
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel.' gaic; tare*
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c: two tierces.
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
There Is nothing new to report "
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 12c per lt> for heavy
12%@Uc. for. light medium. 13U C fdr light 14V4o
for extra light and 13-*c for sugar-cured-.'East
em sugar-cured Hams. 12»4©l3c; Mess Eeef $12
Provisions:
V ' "m 1 "^"*?™ 1 * 1 lp ®»c f °r bright and 9®9i4"
for light amber; water white extracted.- 5®5i4c :
ll?ht amber extracted.- i@iV>c; dark jiio
, BfESWAX-23®28c per lb. ' V
RAISINS— The . Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice lie*
standard. 10c: . prime. » 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. 9c per.lb. .Sultanas— Fancy. 10"Ac per lb
choice.. 9^c: standard. 8»4c: , prime 8c- un
bleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless 50-lb boxe«
6%c: 4-erown; 7c: 3-crown, 6^c; ?-crown 6c :
Pacific brand— 2-crown. . 5c: 3-crown. 5t/ c and
4.crown. T 5%c: seeded t Fresno prices).' 5«c-
London Layers.' 2-crown. i $1 50 per box- 3-crown*
$1 60: tFancy^ Clusters. $2^ Dehesa. $2 50-Im
perials. $3.- All prices f. o. b. at common -hln.
plcK-points ni> California. . a \ common - h >P-
v N H T f^»y.* la^ t8> No - - 1 «oft.«hell. ii©im c -
No.; 2. S®S'/4c: No. 1 hardshell. 10©l0Uc- Xo ?
C%@ 7V4c : Almonds. : 13«14c f o^ ' pa»MheU 100
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell- ¦ »ea
nuts.'. 5@6c for Eastern f Brazil Nuts r.SUUe-
- FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7Uc for 'old crop and
7V4SS%c for new; Evaporated Apples. S%iQ$c:
Bun dried. Hs62%c: Peaches. 3V*@4c for stand
ard. 4'.J@5»ic for; choice and 6(g6^4o for fancy;
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3@4c; unpitted K&
l»4c: Nectarines, ,4@4' / &c for red and 4S5c for
white. .
: PRUNES— 4 Fizes. 3c; 40-50s. CVic; 5C-60s 4Wc
f.0-70s. 3=ic-. 70-SOs, 3^4c; SO-OOs. 2«4c; 90-lOCs' 2"2c
1CO-120SV lHc • '. " * "
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins:
.CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 73c® $2 23:
Seedlings. 25c©$l 25: Mediterranean Sweets. 50tf
(S^l 50: Valencias, $1 50<S2 25: Lemons. 75c«g$l 25
for common and $1 50@2 DO for good to choice*
Grape Fruit. 5Cc®$l 50; .Mexican Limes. S-l<«j;
Bananas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
75c@$2' for Honolulu; Pineapples, Jl 50@2 50
per dozen. ¦ . • " . < '"¦-.>
MELONS— Watermelons from Indlo, $2@5"per
dozen: Nutmegs from Tnraa, $1@1 50 per crate;
from Indlo. in large crates. $4. •
: GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. $1 50@2 per
crate. ' ¦ . . .
FIGS— Black. 40<S63c per box for single and
75cS$l 50 for double layers: White, 60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2^6 per chest for Long
worths and $3 5MI3 for large berries. Re
ceipts were 4S0 chests. Some in crates sold at
60<ra73c.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 sO@5 per chest and 40®
7Cc per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest and 75c per
crate. ' -
GOOSEBERRIES— 2Q@3Oc per drawer and ! 2
@2%c in bulk.
¦ .-CURRANTS— $3S6 per chest.
PEACHES— 15©£0c per box and 23©50c per
basket: some extra fine brought 60©73c per box.
PEARS — Madelines. loffSOc per box and 15®
25c per basket. "
CHERRY PLUMS— 15<§23c per box.
' PLUMS— 15©30c per box and 13«?25c per bas
ket for Clyman and 301573c per crate for Trag
edy; Plums, in bulk, $10 per ton..
CHERRIES— 50©90c for dark and 50©30c for
Royal Anne; In bulk. 5£?Se per lb for black,
3%*>&c for red and 5@9c fcr Royal Anne.
APRICOTS— 25<ff50c per box. 3S«r«5c per crate
and 25® 40c per basket; In bulk, $'.5#25 per ton.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25©2 SO per
box; -new. 40@S5c'per large box and 15® 25c
per basket. _ .
Oranges are lower all around and very dull.
The demand has shifted to summer fruits, as
previously mentioned. There was no auction
yesterday. >
Bartlett Pears appeared from the river. sell-
Ing at $1 10 per box.
Figs are lower and In" good supply. Other
tree fruits remain about as before quoted, 'the
market being heavily supplied and weak.
The berry market is also weak, with abun
dant receipts. : '.V-\;', .,
Local canners continue to. buy Apricots at
J13(p23 per ton.
Receipts of Eggs continue too large for the
demand, which falls off during 1 the midsum
mer months, and all dealers report a dull and
weaker •• market, ' with - accumulating stocks.
Prices are not actually lower, however.
Cheese continues plentiful and weak.
Butter stands the same, supplies being large
and the demand slack..
Receipts were 46,200 pounds and -143 tube of,
Butter. 1002 cases of- Eggs, ' 800 cases Eastern
Eggs, 26.450 pounds of California Cheese.
, . OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@18c per lb for fancy
and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14gl«Uc per lb.
CHEESE — New. S@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9®10c per lb. ¦ .
EGGS— Ranch. 15<gl8%c for good to fancy;
store, 12%<?14%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER- ¦
Creamery — Extras, 17c: firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c; seconds. 14c;
store, 13c.
' CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice, 7%c;
common, nominal: Young Americas, Sc; East
ern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California* Ranch— Selected white, 17Hc:
mixed colors. 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 15c;. standard.
12He; seconds. .
Eastern— Standard, 14%c per dozen. i*- ; j;'-'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
•Young Roosters are steady and if large meet
with a ready demand. Pigeons are scarce and
wanted at better prices. All other descriptions
aro. in heavy supply, dull and weak at the low
prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 9@llc for. Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1®1 25: Ducks, S3 !tf<34 for old and
$3 50@lfor young; Hens, $3 50®4; young Roos
ters. $6(S7 SO; old Roosters. $3@3 50; Fryers. $4®
4 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. ¦ $1 5C@1 73 per dozen for old
and $1 50<??l 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail . and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. I5@65c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75(32 25 for large, $1 25(81 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
$li!?l 50 per sack; String Beans. l%33c: Cab
bage. c0(360c per ctl: Tomatoes, from Los An
geles. 6Scfg$l; from Winters, 75@83c; from the
River and Bay. in small boxes. Soc@$l: Dried
Peppers. 12®lSc; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Car
rots. 25@35e per sack; Marvsville Cucumbers.
50@75c per box: Winters, 75c@$l; Bay, 75e@
$1 75; Garlic. 3@4c: Green Peppers. 25c per lb:
Egg Plant. 6® 10c per lb: Green Corn, 50c© $1 50
per sack; Bay do, Jl 2302 25 * per crate; Sum
mer Squash, 23@40c per box; Bay do, «0c@$l-
The Vegetable market shows few features of
interest. Supplies are liberal and most kinds
are weak. - '"•> - •
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 25@1 65 for Oregon;
New Potatoes, , Iligl 65 for Burbanks,' $1 35@
1 50 for Garnet Chiles and $1@1 30 fcr Early
Rose in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 30@50c per sack; New
Yellow.- 75@90c per ctl.
Potatoes continue to ease off gradually, sup
plies being somewhat in excess of the demand.
There are' no more Australian Onions left.
Local Onions are weak.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $160 per ctL •!
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Neglected, nominal and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 4502 60; Small White, $4 80
®5; Large White. $134 20: Pink. $1400170;
Red. $3<S3 25; Blackeye. $3 10®3 25; Limas. $6 25
®6 35; Pea. nominal: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
¦ SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. {2 50<33; Canary, 3\m
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2Q
2%c>Hemp. 3%e; Timothy, 6%c. x
t Receipts'of . new Hay are now so far in ex
cess of old .that the latter cuts but little figure
now. The whole market is weak and about
EOc lower. Feedstuffs show 'no further change.
BRAN— *17 E0@18 £0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEED3TUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 50
per tonrOllcake'Meal at the mill.$25@2S; Job
bing. $26 E0; Cocoanut Cake. $17013: Corn Meal.
$28029; Cracked Corn. $23 50#29 50; Mixed Feed,
$1K fO«il7 SO.
HAT— Old is quoted at $3@]» 50 per ton. New
is quotable as follows: .Wheat. $S Bo<a9 50:
Wheat and Oat. $8S9; Oat. $3 50ig-S: Barley and
Oat. $7<SS 50: Alfalfa. $6@S; Clover, $5®S per
ton: Volunteer, $4@7 E0.
STRAW— 20@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. !
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices . In sacks are % as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: 'Graham
Flour," S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal. J2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do. ?3 75; Oat Groats. $4 '75; Hominy.
$3 73@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. ?3 5(f Farina. $4 50; Who!e Wheat
Flour. $3 25; /Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 ?5©7 85;
in sacks. $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. 55; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
V ,- Hay and Feedstuff s. •"? -;<¦.
FLOUR— California . Family extras, $3 25®
3 BO." usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 13@3 23;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel fcr family "and
$2 75® 3 for bakers' ;" Washington bakers*. - $2 75
Flour and Millstuffs.
stand about the same. .Small ro'ind Tellaw,
SI 50: Eastern Yellow, $1 27%@1 SO; White,
$1 37%; mixed. $127%. , ¦ - . .' •
RYE— 75@S0c per Ctl/ \ -I " ¦ ' ' ".;•'.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 fc> per ctl.
ex- warehouse.
THE SAN FR&NClSGp^ C^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
THE COAST RECORD.
•Cash quotations were as follows: Flour;, dull:
No.»2 spring wheat. eS^Oc-.'No.'S spring, 64\i@
67c;'No.-2 red,'66%@6S%c;.No.~2 corn, 41V-c; No
2 yellow. :42%@42%c;- No. 2 oats.-28%*I2S?ic:-No.
2 white, S0«J30Vic;No.~ 3 white. . 27->iS29s; No. 2
Continued on Page Thirteen,
The Mutual Savings Bank has declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum, payable oa
the 1st of July. 'XiOSM
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water rosa
to $84 and Honokaa - Sugar to $22. Gas and
Electric sold at $43,641 73.
10. The hero of to-day has no title deed for
to-morrow.
To-night the anniversary of the institu
tion of the Royal Arcanum will be < cele
bratedin Odd Fellows' Hall. by the local
councils of the order. The membership
of those on the other side of the bay has
been asked to take part in the celebration.
There will . be ' an interesting programme
and a dance. - ' ' ;
Royal Arcanum Day.
A y number of | friends ; of . Harry. Ankel
have arranged a monster benefit at "the
Alhambra Theater for. next Sunday even
ing.; June .23." The ; Columbia.;: Minstrel
Company and many of the best ; profes
sional- performers; have volunteered -their
services for , this occasion. . v'A , full house
is v assured, as many tickets have already
been - disposed .. of . The Alhambra' box
office will ,be open' all day to-day and to
morrow.- _1 : ¦<- ¦. ': ;
A Worthy Benefit.
The Irish Nationalists of this city will
give Major \ MacBride of .the Boer-Irish
Brigade a reception In Metropolitan Tem
ple to-night. The exercises will consist
of a few national melodies of Erin and a
lecture by Major MacBride on the Irish
Brigade in the Boer war. ,
This will also be the anniversary • cele
bration of the ; birth of Theobald Wolfe
Tone, the Irish' patriot and leader , of . the
rebellion of "98. The Rev. Father Yorke
will deliver" an address on Wolfe. Tone's
life: This will be the most important cele
bration held by the Irish' societies in this
city. ' Reserved seat .tickets; can be ob
tained at the box office of the Metropoll
tan.Temple. j - "; '
MAJOR MacBRIDE WILL
LECTURE THIS EVENING
An entertaining, lecture on "South
Africa and the Boer Life" will' be deliv
ered by Mrs. S. H. Dewet, niece of Gen
eral Dewet, next Sunday evening at
Golden* Gate Hall. Mrs. Dewet Is an elo
quent speaker and is . thoroughly con
versant with the Boers, their life and
their present struggle against the en
croachment of the British. Sannie.Kru
ger, a relative of the great Boer 'leader,
will render several vocal selections. .
Will Lecture on the Boers.
Edwin Wildman, brother of the late
Consul Wildman, who arrived here short
ly after the wreck of the Rio de Janiero
and has ; been .staying here ever since in
the hope that the bodies of his relatives
would be recovered, will shortly offer a
reward I payable ¦ to the person ¦ who lo
cates . the wreck. - r "- .:
; He made the statement last evening in
the Palace Hotel that he would shortly
place $1000 in the hands of the Pacific Mail
Steamship ¦ Company - with instructions
that the amount shall be handed over to
the person who is fortunate enough to
locate the wreck of the , ill-fated vessel.
EDWIN WILDMAN • TO OFFER
ONE THOTTSAin) DOLLARS
Whereas, Certain differences have arisen be
tween labor and ' capital in this and in other
communities in the United States, involving
the riirhts and privileges of employes" and of
employers, which have in • a vio
lent rupture of ' the ! amicable . relations , pre
viously existing between these essential factors
in our affairs, plunging both elements Into
the horrors of an unfortunate and disastrous
strike; and whereas, the . local effect of these
conditions is damagine not only to the inter
ests of those directly Involved, but Imperils
also the welfare of the entire community and
operates with special harshness upon the re
sources of the skilled and the unskilled laborer
and the small trader, be it therefore
Resolved, - That, the Iroquois Club requests
the respective accredited representatives of
capital and of labor to stipulate that the dif
ferences which separate - them may be : sub
mitted to arbitration and. to agrree upon some
fixed number of. gentlemen to be selected as
arbitrators, who may be invested with the
power to adjust the disputed questions and
thus conclude a situation fraught l with most
unhappy results, which both sides deplore, and
¦which ¦ must necessarily retard the industrial
and commercial development of our State..- ?,;
At. the meeting of. the Iroquois Club,
held last night, the following resolution,
prepared by a committee consisting of R.
P. Troy.'W. McManni John Barnett and
A. D. ¦ Lerinon was adopted : •: ,;¦->;•
Favor Peaceful. Settlement of
> I . ; Strike. .
Arbitration recommended
Iroquois : Club Adopts Resolutions in
During the session of the Grand Lodge
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
recently held in this city the degree team
of Apollo Lodge ! under j command of Cap
tain H. D. Saville, conferred the third de
gree:ofthe order before ' the grand. body
in a manner that won for it the highest
praise from the grand officers and repre
sentatives.' The lodge felt so proud of its
team that it decided to show. its apprecia
tion of its work by tendering It a banquet
last nigTit in ,the Odd Fellows', building.
There were present about two hundred
members and Grand Master Nlcholls. Past
Grand Master Watson and Grand Treas
urer Harris. J. J. Applegate was toast
master, and after the excellent supper had
been disposed of there were responses by
the grand officers named; 'H. D. Saville,
who on behalf of the lodge was presented
with a beautifully engrossed set of reso
lutions thanking him for the proficiency
to which he had brought his team; W. F.
Norcross, G.-.G. Burnett, John Thompson
and a number of others.
APOLLO LODGE HONORS
ITS DEGREE TEAM
Is Tendered a Banquet for the
Good Work It Has
A Contribution From Astor.
LONDON, June 22.— William Waldorf
Astor has contributed £5000 to the Queen
Victoria jubilee nurses fund.
NEW'YORK, June 21.— Official confirma
tion has been given to the report of the
purchase of the British Thompson-Hous
ton Company, Limited, of London, by the
General Electric Company of New York.
Report of Sale Confirmed.
NEW YORK, June 21.— Bob Fitzsimmons
and Gus Ruhlin were matched to-day to
meet in a wrestling match at Madison
Square Garden on the night of July 2,
Graeco-Boman style, the winner of two
falls out of three to be declared the victor.
Charley White will be referee.
Ruhlin Signs to Wrestle.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The Engineering
and Mining Journal will to-morrow pub
lish complete estimates of the gold output
in the United States and In the world at
large last year. The figures-m8.435,562 for
the United States and $255,954,654 for the
world at large (compared with $99,518,718
and $311,505,948 in 1899)— do not differ ma
terially from the estimates of several
months ago. ' . ¦' -
World's Output of Gold.
* Car Shop Hands Strike. .
READING, Pa., June 21.— At 11:30 to
day over 600 men employed . in the car
shops of the Reading Railroad Company
struck for shorter hour- and increased
pay Immediately thereafter the boiler
makers in the company's locomotive shops
struck. Their action, though expected,
caused the greatest excitement in 1 , view
of the present strike of 2000 iron workers
in the Reading Iron Company's work,
with whom they are apparently in sym
pathy..
Appoints as Minister to His Court a
Reputed Leader of the
Boxers.
PEKING. June 21.— The Emperor has
appointed Na Tung to be Chinese Min
ister to Japan. The appointee is a
Manchu, and formerly president of the
Tsung-H-Yamen. He is reported to be a
Boxer and narrowly escaped being in
cluded in the list of Chinese officials who
were beheaded at the demands of the
powers. It is doubtful if Japan will ac
cept Na Tung as Minister from China.
Some Recent Casualties.
MANILA, June 2L— General Cailles, the
Insurgent commander in Laguna Prov
ince, with 700 riflemen and some bolomen,
is now in the vicinity of Pagsjan, about
a day's march from Santa Cruz, on La
guna de Bay. Cailles wiil surrender on
Monday, after 1 which he is expected to
assist in bringing in Malvar, who, in real
ity, is his superior officer.
General MacArthur at Manila announces
some recent casualties among the troops
in the .Philippines as a result of the en
gagement at Lipa. Luzon. Private John
J. Rogers, Company D. Twenty-first In
fantry, died from wounds received in that
action. First Sergeant Frank S. ' Stearns,
Company D. Twenty-first Infantry, was
wounded, not severely, in the leg, and
Rudolph Cork was slightly wounded in
the. thigh. : : ¦ ,;;,/•;
Child Reconcentrados.
LONDON, June 21.— The War Secre
tary, Mr. Brodrick, informed a question
er in the House of Commons to-day that
out of C3.000 persons in the concentration
camps of South Africa 34,000 were chil
dren. - .
m <
Admiral Hoskins.
LONDON, June 21.— Admiral Sir An
thony HIley Hoskins Is, dead. He waa
born in 1828. . ... "
• Prisoner.
HOUSTON, Texas, June 2L— A special
train, bearing the Houston Cavalry com
pany and a portion of the Light Guard,
has just left here for Trinity. Texas,
where the remainder of the Light Guard
are guarding a negro named Spencer, who
was identified as a man who last week
attempted an outrage. From a train which
was not allowed to stop at Trinity the
negro could be seen tied to a tree, while
around him were grouped the soldiers and
surrounding them was a mob of people.
No news has come out of Trinity to-night.
m ¦ -
CHINA OFFERS INSULT
TO JAPAN'S EMPEROR
Mob of Excited Citizens of Texas Are
Intent on Lynching the
SOLDIERS CALLED OUT
TO PROTECT A NEGBO
Petition in Insolvency.
, Petitions' in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Andro "Rustan, farmer. San
Joaquin County, liabilities $12,353 75, assets
$3000; John Sachau, liquor, dealer, San
Francisco, liabilities J1732 80, no assets.
"Well, I've eaid *U. B. Dam' in answer
to my name ever since I can remember,
and It's too late to change it now. I want
a room with a bath." he added.
U. B. Dam will take in the Derby to
morrow.
CHICAGO. June 2L*— A Californian re
joicing in the name of U. B. Dam arrived
in Chicago to-day and registered at the
Trejnont. He signed his name "U. B.
Dam, California," in large, bold letters
across the register. The clerk glanced at
the signature.
"What is your name?" he asked.
"U. B. Dam," retorted the Californian.
"Do you really mean it?" asked the
clerk.
V. B. DAM A VISITOR
IN THE WINDY CITY
Lloyds published a report October 3.
1S99. to the effect that gold valued at
£500,000 and In transit had been comman
deered, or seized, by the Transvaal au
thorities. This was before the South Af
rican war had broken out, for the Boera
did not enter Natal until October 11, 1899.
though the Orange Free State October 6
cf the same year had seized 800 tons of
ccal in transit, belonging to the Govern
ment of Cape Colony. The report of the
seizure of the £500.000 in gold was reiter
ated October 4, 1899. and It was further
said that the amount was commandeered
while on its way from Johannesburg to
Cape Town, being the week's shipment of
gold insured at Lloyds' from the Rand.
The gold was subsequently taken to Pre
toria.
LONDON, June 21.— Considerable inter
est has been aroused by the success of
the Dreifontein case in the Appeal Court,
in which Lloyds is held for the £500,000
which the Transvaal Government com
mandeered from a train. r. :
deered by Boers.
Must Make Good the Gold Comman-
Second lieutenants, infantry— Deas Archer.
Shelton W. Anding. F. L. Bump. R. J. Bin
ford. Guy E. Bucker. Tallmade H. Breeston.
Euerene P. Crowne, Otia R. Cole, Beverly C.
Daly, Charles C. Finch, William E. Goolsby,
G«orgre Sillis, Charles Herr, John E. Hemp
hill, Walter Krucer. Horatio I. Lawrence.
Francis H. H. Lomax. G. A. McElroy. John S.
McCleerv. John P. McAdams. Samuel D. Mc-
Allfter. James W. B. Mannion. Harris S. Ma
4one, Willis E. Mills. W. G. Murchison, O. C.
Nicholls, Asa L. Singleton, Niele Shean, H. G.
St&hl. William R. Standford. George A. Welc
zork, Richard Wetherill, Elvin H. Wagner.
LLOYDS IS HELD RESPONSIBLE.
First lieutenants, infantry — Alvin G. Back
ette, R. T. Crawford, Rufus B. Clark, Wil
liam G. Doane, Thomas W. Dunn, H. M. Mor
row, P. L. Smith. R. H. Slllman.
Eecond lieutenants, artillery corps— C. G.
Burt. F. J. Behr, Marlon E. Battle. J. M. B.
Evan, William S. Bowen. Clarence M. Con
don, Wesley J. Hamilton, Thomas Jones, John
H. Johnson. Arthur L. Keesllng. Harrison S.
Kerrick. Jesse G. Lowenbergr. H. S. Miller,
William H. Menses. William M. Nichol, J. B.
Murphy. Grant Parker, B. A. Page, Stanley S.
Hues, Thomas L. Sherburn, Charles L. Wll
cox. Alden Trotter. William R. Taylor. E. S.
Wheeler.
First lieutenant* of artillery— F. H. Gallup,
Frank C. Jewell. Michael McDonousrh, Jesse
C. Nicholl«, H. W. Scnult. Albert E. Wald
ron.
Second lieutenants of cavalry— Rodman But
ler. J. H. Barnard. Myron B. Bodteh, Nat C.
Bristol, Edwin Cox. Thomas H. Cunningham,
Arthur M. Graham, Peter J. Hennessey, J. P.
Hasten. F. Me&rk£, Sidney D. Maize. Ralph
Miller, Clifton R. Norton. Marr O'Connor,
"William R. Fcz>e, Anton H. Schroeter, Clar
ence A. Stott, F. G. Turner.
First !ieutenant« of cavalry— Jullen E. Gau-
Jot. S. B. Mclntyre, H. B. Myers, George J.
Oden, H. R. Richmond, George T. Bowman.
WASHINGTON. June 2L— The Presi
dent to-day appointed sixty-eight enlisted
men of the army to be second lieutenants,
thus providing for all the enlisted men,
regulars and volunteers, found qualified
fcr appointment at the recent examina
tion. Those who attained a percentage
of Si or over numbering 10S were appoint
ed to the army a short time ago, as there
was immediate need of their services. To
day's appointments include all the re
mainder of those who qualified for ap
pointment.
The following is a list of the successful
competitors:
for the Positions.
Appointees "Were Recently Examined
' and All Found to Be Qualified
PEESIDENT APPOINTS
SECOND LIEUTENANTS
The jury failed to agree on a verdict
up to midnight, when Forman Johnstone
asked the court for instructions on the
evidence. ' It was said that Johnstone
stated at that time that the jury stood
eleven to . one for conviction. Juror W.
Lowenberg, it was said, was holding out
for acquittal.
The fifth trial of Peter W. McGlade on
a charge of forgery was concluded before
Judge Burnett yesterday afternoon. The
jury retired at ten minutes to 5 o'clock.
Just before the jury retired a motion
was made by defendant's attorney that
the Judge instruct the jury to acquit on
the ground that the District Attorney had
failed to adduce proof to bear out the
allegations made In the complaint. The
motion was denied.
Retire to Consider the Evi
dence Adduced.
¦KhlTKR McGLABE AGAIN
IN HANDS OF JXTKY
Trial Ends Quietly and Twelve Men
Francis B. Kane, chairman; William Davis,
Hugh Hunter, William Glllesple, Charles Cain,
Michael Carr and James II. Ross.
Washington Council No. 4, Y. M. T., will
hold a picnic on Wednesday next at
Fernbrook Park, Niles Canyon. It will
be in the nature of a -reunion and outing,
and the following committee is working
hard to make the affair a success:
The programme of. exercises . will in
clude- an oration, • the reading of. the
Declaration of Independence and literary
and musical exercises of a patriotic na
ture. A brass band will provide choice
music for the dancers, and games will be
conducted. for those who find pleasure in
competitive contests?*' -•• • r
Trains will leave this city at 9 a. m. and
a special train at 1- p. .m. Trains ' return
ing will leave the .picnic grounds at 4:15
p. m. and at 7 p. m., thus enabling those
attending to spend an entire day in the
country and yet admitting of return to
this city at a reasonable hour, as the trip
is made in about an hour and' a half.
With the certainty. of a large attendance
of the members now assured, July 4 at
Fernbrook insures a pleasant outing for
aa friends of the T. M. I. : . ;
All the local councils of the Toung
Men's Institute will join in ¦ celebrating
July 4th at Fernbrook, Niles Canyon.
This movement, inaugurated' by the board
of management of the San Francisco
councils, now gives promise of .becoming
a fixed celebration not alone of the local
counoils but also'of the councils within a
reasonable distance of the metropolis.
This year communications have been re
ceived from the councils at Oakland, Ala
meda, Livermore, 1 San Jose,' San Rafael,
Petaluma and Santa Rosa assuring the
board of management that in each 'case
the councils would take definite- action
looking to a., large attendance of mem
bers and friends of the organization from
these 'several points. In some instances
arrangements have already been perfect
ed for special transportation.. It Is- the
Intention of those in charge. to thus in
augurate an annual celebration, by all of
the 'councils within easy distance of a
central point to be each year determined
upon by representatives of the councils
interested.
The officers of the board of manage
ment are:
Robert Tobln, Pioneer Council No. 1, presi
dent; D. E.Hayden, Golden Gate Council No.
34, secretary; E. B. Thomas, Ignatian Council
No. 35, treasurer. The committee of arrange
ments is as follows: John F. Comyns, Mission
Council No. 3, chairman: D. E. Hayden, Golden
Gate Council No. 34; P. Hagan, Pioneer Council
No. 1. , . -
bration'.
to Unite in a Big Cele-
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO GIVE A BIG OUTING
Councils of This City and Vicinity
. KALAMA, -Wash., June .21.— A!, prema
ture explosion occurred at 10 o'clock this
morning on the new Washington and
Oregon Railroad, killing three men and
injuring six others.
The scene of the accident is half a mile
south of Kalama. The exact cause. of
the explosion will perhaps never be
known, as the men who were working
at the drill hole were instantly killed.
About twenty-five men were working in
a cut, and from the survivors it is learned
that Thomas Graham and Hugh Jamison,
both of Portland, were loading a twelve
foot drill hole with giant powder and had
put in about one hundred sticks. It is
supposed that they had just begun tamp
ing the powder with an iron bar, as they
had sometimes done before, 'when the
explosion occurred. •
Jamison's head^was blown off. Graham
was blown to fragments and Scotty
Heeney -.vas blown up oh top of the cut,
a distance of fifteen feet. His injuries are
fatal. His chin was blown off, skull frac
tured arms and legs broken and holes
blown through his body. His wounds were
dressed and he was sent to a Portland
hospital by the steamer Lurline. His
home is at Vancouver, B. C. ¦¦
James Tork of Carrollton, Wash., had
his skull fractured and was injured in
his back. John Bard of Seattle had his
right arm and right leg broken. Lee Mont
gomery of Seattle was injured about the
head and body. Arthur Hockett of Ka
lama had his right leg badly bruised.
Charles Reiley's head and left leg -were
injured. -
Disaster Attends Operations
of Employes of a
; Railroad.
EXPLOSION OF POWDER
KILLS THREE WORKMEN
OAKLAND. June 21.— Here are the
men who were lucky enough to
meet the favorable consideration
of the Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners when
that body settled to-day upon the new ap
pointees to the Police Department:
James T. Drew, James D. Mulgrew,
Bert Brown, George W. Brown, James T.
Brannan, C. T. Hundley. ' ¦
The first five men were named as regu
lar members of the Police Department.
All of them except Brannan are jiew
hands at star-wearing. Brannan has been
on the substitute list for two years, wait
ing for the lightning that should hurl him
into the permanent ranks. Hundley has
been a special policeman and is now made
an acting regular patrolman, to take the
place of Henry McClay, retired. The Com
missioners appointed J. H. Walters a
substitute to serve in the place of C. H.
Cole retired. In the shake-up A. P. Rine
hart, who has been serving as a regular,
was transferred to the list of special offi
cers, now to take his chances on employ
ment. . - ,
James T. Drew, the first on. the list of
new men. «is a millman. employed at the
California Sash and Door Company's
works at West Oakland. Drew has some
local repute at that end of the city as a
referee at the West Oakland Athletic
Club's exhibitions.
James D. Mulgrew was formerly in the
. The bail of the accused was fixed at $500
on motion of Mr. Banning. Adrian Merle,
manufacturer, residence Alaineda County,
and Charles Stallman, merchant, of this
city, qualified as sureties, and Mr. Wass
was ordered~to appear for examination on
July 10.
" The fourth count charges the presenta
tion of the same claim to Captain John
Parneson for approval."- • . ~
The third count charges an offense in
presenting to Quartermaster Long a claim
for $355 for 710 hours of labor alleged to
have been performed upon the Govern
ment transport Senator from October 24
to November 3, 1899.
The second count charges an offense in
presenting the same claim to Captain
John Barneson, Marine Superintendent of
the United States Army Transport Ser
vice, for approval.
The complaint was then read by request
of Assistant United States Attorney Ban
n\ng. It was sworn to by Edward Smith
and contained four counts. The first alle
gation was that Wass had violated sec
tic n 5438, Revised Statutes of the United
Sletes, by presenting to Oscar F. Long,
Quartermaster United States Volunteers,
a claim against the Government for $850 50
for 1701 hours of labor at fifty cents per
hour, purporting to have been performed
uj>on the United States army transport
City of Peking, which ¦ claim was false,
fictitious and fraudulent.
D. D. Wass appeared before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday to surrender himself into custody,
he having read in The Call that a war
rant was out for his arrest. The Commis
sioner summoned Deputy "United States
Marshal Burnham, who served the war
rant and placed Mr. Wass formally under
arrest' • . ¦.-.-...
Complaint on Which He Was
. . • . . Arrested.
¦ i .¦
Four Counts Aguinsfc Him in the
CONTRACTOR WASS'
RELEASED ON BAIL
"I was afraid that if my legs were stiff
my bones would 1 be telescoped, so I bent
all my Joints slightly, keeping my muscles
perfectly stiff. As I approached the
ground f raised myself on my toes and I
was in that position when I struck. The
platform hit the ground, tilted just a lit
tle, but almost as flat as when I started
to fall. ¦-'-.; * ¦¦•
"I fell down like a rag, of course, when
I struck,, but. got up at once and found I
had not a bruise except a slight one on
my right knee.
"On the way down I, was not troubled
about the outcome. I thought of a lot of
things, though, and don't want to do it
again, but I believe from my experience
that a man could fall a great deal farther
than that without harming himself if he
knew how to do it." ,-.. .
i Mr. Lawrence landed on a brick-pave
ment and workingmen and his ; assistants
rushed up, expecting to find the life
crushed out of him. ... . .
"I had my camera in my hand and put
it down at the first sign of danger," said
Lawrence. "I grasped the two sidebars
above the platform, and held them fast,
managing to keep my balance, so that the
platform acted like a parachute and broke
the force of the fall.
When Lawrence was about two hundred
feet up he heard a snapping sound above
him. The ropes of the netting were giv
ing way. He swiftly thought out a plan
of action. -In a few seconds the ropes had
broken half way around the balloon, and
the globe, full of gas, slipped out through
the netting and floated away.
CHICAGO, June 21.— George R. Law
rence, an adventurous photographer, who
had gone up In :a balloon, fell: two hun
dred feet to-day with his car as a para
chute, struck upon, his feet and escaped
without a scratch.-
Special vDlspatch to The Call.
Aeronaut's Oar Acts as a
Parachute and He Is Not
Injured.
FALLS TWO HUNDRED
FEET FROM BALLOON
employ of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany as an inspector. He is an East Oak
lander. . ¦ . ¦
George W. Brown has been a cpnductor
for nine years in the employ of the Oak
land Transit Company.- His namesake.
Bert Brown, has been a foreman In the
construction department of the telephone
company, and. has a record as an athlete,
having been active in the old Acme Ath
letic. Club gymnasium.? He was a boxing
instructor for some time.
James H. Walters waa in the employ of
H.'D. Cushing. .the grocer. — •
Brannan and Hundley have been serving
in the department for several years.
There are not less than forty applica
tions before the board for positions. It
rests with the City Council to say. whether
another ten men shall be added to the
force. If that action shall be ordered,
some of the faithful who were over
looked in to-day's distribution of patron
age might have an opportunity to join
the procession. But the Councilmen have
not intimated yet what they propose to
do about an increase in the force.
The board was served, with a notice this
morning from William Kingsbury de
manding that deposed policemen be re
stored to duty, otherwise a suit to compel
reinstatement would be commenced.
Edward E. La Pearl was appointed sub
engineer in the Fire Department.
HOW SOME NEW POLICEMEN
MIGHT ACT - IN MOMENTS OF
FOBGBTFULNESS.
Two Men Overpowered
by Uncanny AssaiK
ant on Street.
FOUGHT MADMAN
AT MIDNIGHT
Police Furnished With Good
Description of Belligerent
Prowler. \ f K \i-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, June 21.
Julius Steen, a medical student residing
at 760 Thirteenth street, and Mervyn
Samuels, of 1307 West street, have re
ported to the police a desperate struggle
with a man, evidently insane, who at
tacked them shortly after midnight this
morning at Eighth and Market streets as
they were on their way home from San
Francisco. Both young men were badly
battered in the fight f.ith their uncanny
asailant, whom ti>ry describe as of pow
erful physique. During the scuffle in the
dark he muttered Incoherently, at times
giving vent to maniacal cries.
Steen and Samuels came home together
from the city and alighted from the local
train at the Market-street station a little
after 12 o'clock. They had gone about a
block up Market when they saw a man
running about a vacant inclosure which,
they were approaching-. As they neared
the place the man vaulted the fence and
rushed toward them shouting "I've been
looking for you." Before either of the
young men had time to offer any defense
he had seized both in a crushing embrace
and hustled them along the walk In the
direction from which they came.
The lunatic's strength seemed for a
time irresistible, but after being dragged
half a block Steen wrenched himself free.
Lifting Samuels bodily from the ground
the mysterious stranger held him above
his head and started to run down Market
street, Samuels calling loudly for help.
Steen had no difficulty in catching the
madman and struck him several blows,
which caused him to relinquish his hold
on Samuels. Then the two friends took
to their heels and escaped. They were
able to give the police a good description
of their assailant.
TJN-SATTSFACTORY FIGHTS
.". AT THE BELIANCE CLUB
Tommy Cox Makes a Bad Showing
Against Tom Herman in the
Main Event.
OAKLAND, June 21.— AH bets were de
clared oft on the main contest of to
night's boxing exhibition at the Reliance
Club, that between Tom Herman and
Tommy Cox of San Francisco. After the
seventh round Referee Smith repeatedly
warned Cox, as he was not trying. In
the tenth round the crowd yelled "fake"
as Cox dropped to the floor from a right
hand swing by Herman. The fight was
given to Herman by the referee without
the formality of a count. George Baker,
who was scheduled to fight Herman, was
said to be too ill to enter the ring and
Cox was substituted. :
In the opening bout Louis Long out
classed George Murphy. The fight waa
stopped in the first round. The bout be
tween Jack Capeless and George Curran
was easy for the former. Curran's sec
onds threw up the sponge in the fourti
round.
MILK-DEALERS NXABLY
LOSE THEIR LICENSES}
Health Board, After a Trial, Notifies
Two Not to Sell Impure
Fluid.
The Health Board last night tried the
cases of Milk Dealers L. de Santi and L.
Anthlen. who were accused of,, having
had In their possession impure milk. The
two men were cited to show cause why
their licenses to sell milk should not be
revoked. ' Judge Bahrs appeared for An
thenien and stated that his client bad
skimmed milk on his wagon, which he
sold to bakeries. Secretary Emery read
an ordinance which prohibits the sal© of
skimmed milk.
Drs. Buckley and Lewitt wanted Athen
ien's license revoked for sixty days, but
Chief of Police Sullivan pleaded that
leniency be shown Anthien, who had
already paid • a fine in the Police Court.
The motion to revoke Anthien's license
was lost. Drs. Lewitt and Buckley. voting
aye and Drs. Williamson, Baum and
Chief Sullivan no. Anthien was then
reprimanded by Dr. Williamson, who toll
the offender that if he sold skimmed
milk again' he will lose his license.
De Santl was adjudged guilty of put
ting borax In his milk/ and a motion to
revoke his license for thirty days re
ceived only three votes in favor, a unan
imous vote being necessary. De Santl
was also severely reprimanded and told to
reform his ways.
The board will hold an examination for
internes of the City and County Hospital
next Thursday e\ening.
William H. Jordan's appointment as
Market Inspector was confirmed.
The two principal German fortresses on
the Baltic Sea are at Konigsberg and
Danzig; on the French frontier. Metz and
Strasburg. and on the Belgian frontier.
Cologne and Coblenz. , •¦•¦V'~
The price of Union Pacific common
shares advanced from 111 to 113"6. a net
gain for the day of 2T&. St. Paul stock
lluctuated between 177% and 180*4 and
closed at 179, a net gain of % per cent.
The sales of St. Paul common aggregated
24.100 shares.
We learn this morning on absolute authority
that the syndicate which sold a large amount
of St. Paul stock agrees to take a large amount
of Union Pacific common stock. We learn on
authority second only to that of the Messrs.
Rockefeller themselves that this syndicate Is
Ite&ded by William Rockefeller and John D.
Rockefeller. The amounts of stock Involved
are not definitely stated. We have understood
throughout that the amount of St. Paul was
J25.000.000, par value, and are given to under
stand that the Union Pacific bought it practi
cally of equivalent cash value. It Is stated
absolutely that the transaction is large enough
to be of the vastest importance in establishing
community of ownership.
About 83,500 shares of common stock of
the Union Pacific Railroad were sold to
day on advancing prices in consequence
of the report that there was to be an in
terchange of stock holdings between the
Union Pacific and St. Paul interests. The
fallowing bulletin was issued by the New
York News Bureau early In the day:
Heavy Union Pacific Sales.
*'V."e have already obtained the ground
for our terminal station. For months I
have been going over suitable sites In the
vicinity ol Herald Square. I can compre
hend the wonderful transformation about
to be eftected there in the immediate fu
ture. We are planning for the next fifty
years."
"Our plans for a tunnel under East
Iliver. which will be filed early to-mor
row morning simultaneously with the
County Clerks of Queens and New York
counties, will show our aim. Our tunnel
will pass under that of the Rapid Transit
at Fourth avenue and Thirty-third street.
If a fair agreement can be made, the two
subways may use the same station.
When President Baldwin was seen to
day after a meeting of the incorporators
of the Extension Railroad Company he
said:
Plans for the Tunnel.
NEW YORK, June 2L— The Pennsylva
nia Railroad is not only planning the ex
penditure of millions of dollars for im
mense docks on the Atlantic shore of
Long Island and others at Bay Ridge, in
New York harbor, but proposes to tunnel
East River and New York City to the
vicinity of Thirty-third street and Broad
way, otherwise known as Herald Square.
Herald Square Is to be the hub of the
metropolis of the Western Hemisphere.
So says William H. Baldwin Jr., presi
dent of the Long Island Railroad Com
pany, who summed up the motives which
actuated the officials of that company in
deciding to have a tunnel under East
River, with one terminus in Long Island
Cit:\ the other to be in the very heart
of the up-town business center.
The Pennsylvania Company, as is
known, has acquired control of the Long
Island Railroad. Further than this, it
was reported to-day that the Pennsylva
nia Company was negotiating for the ac
quisition of a charter for a tunnel under
the Narrows, from Fort Hamilton to Sta
ten Island. Should the Pennsylvania
Company obtain a charter and build a
tunnel under the Narrows, it could cross
Staten Island, and. by going over Arthur
Kill bridge, establish direct connection
with its Perth Amboy division.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
posed Line.
Herald Square to Be the
Terminus of Its Pro-
Pennsylvania Road Will
Lay Rails Beneath
East River.
PLANS A TUNNEL
INTO NEW YORK
Some of the occupants of the rooms
dropped from the windows and were
bruised. Others hung from the windows
until the firemen came. Twenty persona
were taken down through the fire and
Emoke by the firemen, while others
dropped into life nets.
Daniel Dooley, who was in the yard
when the explosion took place, saw the
two Rittenburg children in the rear room
and rushed into the flames for them. He
got one of them and carried it out and
he tried to go back for the other, but the
room was then one mass- of fire and he
was too late. He was badly scorched ia
rescuing the first child.
While the rescues were going on the
firemen were fighting the flames. Cap
tain Allen led with a hose line in an ef
fort to keep the fire from the upper floors,
where it was said many were penned in.
The men had hardly taken their positions
and begun on the sidewalk to throw water
Into the upper floors when, without any
warning, the whole upper part of the
building above them sagged outward and
fell. The captain and two of his men
were buried under the blazing debris. One
of the men Is badly hurt. The building In
which the explosion occurred was de
stroyed.
Rittenburg will probably be arrested
pending an investigation.
In the debris was found the head of a
man or woman. The hair was burned off
and the features unrecognizable. The re
mainder of the body has not been found.
The bodies taken out thus far are almost
unrecognizable and are burned and torn
by the fire and the collapse of the build
ing.
Heroic Work of the Firemen.
The building in which the explosion oc
curred was a frame tenement, four
stories high, with stores on the ground
floor. The middle store was occupied by
Rittenburg. Ten families occupied flats
in the building. So great was the forc3
of the explosion that a boy playing in the
street half a block away was lifted from
his feet and hurled against an iron fence.
One of his legs was broken. A trolley
car was directly in front of the building
when the explosion ooouried. Tne btfrsl
of flame blown out into the street
scorched the sides of the car and singeJ
the hair of the passengers.
\ number of those who were on the up
per floors of the build'ng when the ex
plosion took place were either stunned
and then burned to death or found escape
cut off and were suffocated. After the
first explosion there was a succession of
smaller ones, and then came a second tji£
explosion which was muffled and dead
ened It probably occurred in the cellar.
Every window seemed to be emitting
flames within a minute after the first ex
plosion. A woman, her clothing on fire,
leaped out of one of the windows and fell
to the yard below. Her dead body was
dragged out of reach of the flames. The
flesh was roasted and dropped from the
bones. She proved to be .Mrs. Williams.
Mrs. Williams' husband was a cripple.
His wife is supposed to have remained
longer than she could with safety in kb
effort to save him. He was found burned
to a crisp on his bed.
Terrific Force of Explosion.
The missine: John Elvin, two weeks
old; Mrs. Annie Fenteman. two nephews
of Mrs. Annie Lannigan. whose body was
found; 'Mrs. Mary Elsasser, who kept a
bakery; child's body found.
The injured: J. Jessup. bruised about
the head and body, also burned about the
head; Mrs. J. Jessup. bruised and burned
about body: I*. Bamber, head and face
bruised; George Soder, head severely cut;
Nicholas Hillman, cut on head; Fireman
Edward Slingand, injured by falling wall;
Mr. and Mrs. John Glone, burned about
face and body.
Total number of bodies recovered, 12.
HAROLD RITTENBURG, 10-months
old son of the keeper of the fireworks
store.
WILLIE ELSASSER. six weeks old.
MRS. BERT BAMBER, whose husband
is in the hospital.
CHARLES BAMBER, six-months-old
child of above. - •* .
MRS. ANDREW ELVIN, head only
found.
MRS. ANN BURNS.
CLARENCE BURNS, six years old,
found in his mother's arms.
MRS. ANNIE LANNIGAN.
MRS. MAR if DUFFY.
CHARLES WILLIAMS, a cripple.
NEW YORK, June 21.— Fourteen per
sons are believed to have been killed and
a number injured to-day as the result of
a fire following: an explosion among a
quantity of fireworks in the store of Abra
ham Rittenburg at Paterson, N. J. The
store was on the ground floor of a tene
ment building. The cause of the explo
sion is not known. The property loss will
not exceed $35,000. The dead:
MRS. LUCINDA ADAMSON.
MRS. CHARLES WILLIAMS, , burned
while trying to rescue her husband. |
An Explosion of Fireworks-
Causes Many Deaths at
Paterson.
All Avenues of Escape
Are Cut Off by the •
Flames,
PERISH BY FIRE
IN THEIR HOMES
The offer carried an agreement to build
and operate railways on which 3-cent
fares only shall be charged between 5 and
8 o'clock a. m. and 5 and 7 o'clock p. m.
It also stipulated that at any time within
ten years the city may resume the fran
chises upon payment of the actual money
expended and invested in the various en
terprises covered by the charters and
ordinances.
In a letter to Representative Robert H.
Foerderer, of the syndicate which holds
the franchises, Jolx'Wanai.fcaker renewed
his offer made >o the Mays'.- last week to
pay to the r/Ay of Fl>radelphla $2,500,000
and $500,000 to Mr. r*oerderer and his as
sociates f of conveyance of the grants
and corporate privileges ¦which they re
ceived without cost • from the State and
city. It was stipulated that of the
$2,500,000 offered to the city $1,500,000 should
be used to- deepen the Delaware River
channel, , and $1,000,000 to build public
schools and for education.
PHILADELPHIA. June 21— Another bid
was made to-day for the valuable street
railway charters and franchises in Phila
delphia recently presented- to a syndicate
of friends' of Senator Quay by the State
Legislature and Governor Stone and the
City Council and Mayor Ashbridjje.
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
Will Pay the Quay Syndicate
jj $500,000 to Relinquish
Its Bargain.
Wanamaker Offers Mil
lions to the City of ;
Philadelphia.
RENEWS HIS BID
FOR FRANCHISES
THE SAJST FRANCISCO^CAlX, ; SATURDAY^; JUNE ; 22, I90J.
jiye Named as Regular Patrolmen and One Is Made an ." Acting"
Guardian of Oakland's Peace— -Disappointed Applicants Now
Hoping That the Council /Will Increase Strength of the Force
SIX ASPIRING CITIZENS ARE GIVEN
PERMISSION TO WEAR POLICE STARS
Bone.
11
THE SUNDAY CALL
JUNE TWENTY-THREE, NINETEEN HUNDRED AND ONE.
'. ¦'" :' ' ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ¦ , . . . ¦¦.,.>%¦ ." ;¦:'.->¦«• i -¦ V^ '¦ v.
' ' _; -_ . ¦¦ . . — — — „
¦:'''¦¦ ¦/'.. . BECAUSE
I A PAIR OF OF LOVE RCTION, BOOKS, "
PERFECT A nephew ol Sir Mi- . FASHIONS
SHOULDERS. ™ rKs f 5 a** 1 *' ANDSTORIESOF
shifter in a Bakers-
nittstrated by photos o! field theater. Read HUMAN
some o! San Francis- his pathetic story in
co's society women. next Sunday's CalL INTEREST.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE GREENLEAF LOCKE.
THE LAMP IS JVORKING A TALK WITfl
m FOB LQVE m
FAVOR AGAIN, the infants' shelieb DAVID BELASCO.
— — «— — Beginning o! a scries ¦ ¦< n ¦ '•
ol articles on tb.2 in-
stitutions ol San
Francisco in which
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALLno_textno_textno_textno_textEXECUTIVE : HEAD OF THE . SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY WHOSE AR-'
RIVAL. YESTERDAY FROM THE . EAST WAS ANXIOUSLY AWAITED BY,
OPERATING OFFICIALS WHOSE HEADS ARE WOBBLING.
-• ..Verus'cures piles or, $50. reward. :*, AJ1 : up
to-date druggists sell and' guarantee it. • ¦'.
( Send Sympathy _ to Tolstoi.
The ' San Francisco Single ,, Tax Society
met ' recently and> adopted resolutions ; of
ajprobatlon for the fearless ' manner, in
which Count. Leo '.Tolstoi has ; proclaimed
his opinions ; in ¦; the* face/of : royal, perse
cutions. The sympathy ofithe organiza
tion for-his recent sufferings was also ten
dered him. /,- - • -:.^,
iU^K' v : :•¦/'--¦
In -, the ' Divorce i Court.
. Decrees of divorce . were ' granted '. yes
terday to' Cora. M. Gibson^from -.Thomas
M.' Gibson for neglect, jElida'M.; < Burdick'
from Charles . M.* ; BurdicW for willful heg-!
lect, ". George ; Ponarouse j from a Lavina " K.'
Ponarouse for . desertion, : Samuel 'A: ; Rich- !
mond from Sarah Richmond for desertion," 1 1
and Florence W.'.Cook'from Fred'RHCook i
for., willful . desertion.. > Suits for divorce
were filed yesterday by May Macy against
Charles B. Macy for cruelty, and -Amanda'
J. Wardell against , Conrad J. : Wardell for
cruelty. , "j-t'y- ¦' ", '¦¦¦':' ¦ '¦¦ - l i. .
Camera. Club Sees Scotland.
The Camera Club and friends went for
' journey_ through . Scotland last .evening.
This was the one hundred and thirty-third
entertainment of the club.'.' 'As usual,
Metropolitan Hall, where the -: entertain
ment was , given, was crowded by the
members of. . the •' club : and . their guests.
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele.was-.the lecturer.'
Her discourse was pleasing. The pictures
were very' fine. \ During the ; intermission
Miss Belle Livingston, sang, accompanied
by Miss Flora riat«w.
Lew. Took Convicted ; for, the Murder
.of Wong Yuen in January
' ; Last;Year.
' ' A ; Jury i In , the Vcase * of Lew Fook • and
Sue Ho Mon, on trial for murder in Judge
Lawlor's T court, :i after V being •;¦ out from
4 o'clock Thursday afternoon till 10 o'clock
yesterday morning,' brought'in a ; verdict
•of-:murder against ;: Lew - ; Fook with a
recommendation ; that . the sentence should
be. life ' imprisonment:*- The jury ' could ' not
a gree ' in the «:ase ' of ' Sue ; Ho Mon." The
Judge . sentenced ; Lew. Fook to- life Im
prisonment.. '-• ¦¦"¦. ¦-"-¦,:•;¦ :'. .-, - '
The -. two ; d-ef endants ; were : charged with
the murder ? &l .^Wong > Yuen • in > the base
ment | of 2&% ;WaverleyJ place on. the : night
of /January v 6r ' 1900. . AVitnesses " testified
>that ;th^" two defendants tcame down
stairs and Lew Fook said to-Wong^Yuen
'.'I-want-you to \go to work." Wong
Yuen -replied: /"I ;wanf"-to - go - to . supper
flrst."-^ Lew Fook then ; retorted :» "I want
you to work' in •* a • graveyard," : = and shot
LIFE * SENTENCE FQE.
. ' •:..: CHINESE ' MTJBDEKER
Low.- Round-Trip' Bates 'West-Bound
: . for Homeseekers. , /•
One limited fare.^plus $2,^ from 1 , the' East
to • California and > return, via ¦ Southern
Pacific; on homeseekerBV excursions',. seml T
monthly, this" summer. ' Southern v Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish: free Cali
fornia ¦ litprature ' f or * Ea stern i friends : und
accept deposits for- tickets. -J Short, line
from all 'the principal. .Eastern -cities.
Tourist . excursions , personally r conducted.
Call on. nearest agent Southern Pacific.' 1 •
Lived Beyond His MeanE.
. Carl. T. Bachem,. who was employed as
a bookkeeper, for, the Benjamin Schloss
Crockery ComDany, 403 'Market.. street;
was.sentenced by Judge Mogan; yester
day to six moiths in the.County, Jail-on
each of two charges of-misdemeanor and
embezzlement. The original .. charge
against him -vras, felony embezzlement,
but Schloss • was willing that'the- minor
charges be substituted for the sake of =the
defendant's family. Bachem
that he had lived beyond his means, but
said he had been taught a lesson. '.'\.
Crocker Property; Transferred;
g Judge Sloss made an; order; yesterday
granting the petition of Charles S. Green
and Henry T. Scott". forj permission to sell
the property belonging: to "the children of
.the . late | Charles : Crocker, at -the cor^
nerof Powell and Geary, streets. The sale
of the property, however,; -will be in the
nature of : a- transfer of the .deed from the
hands of. the guardians , to -. tin •] Crocker
Hotel Company, which . was Incorporated
to erect a hostelry on the property named.
The erection of the hotel will begin with
in the next' few. months. ,'•„ -'
Denies Mrs. Craven's Claim.
Charles L. Fair filed a counter affidavit
yesterday to the affidavit presented by
Mrs. Craven In support of her motion j to
transfer the hearing of the petition filed
by the children of the late James G. Fair
for distribution to them of the personal
property of the estate. In his affidavit
Charles L. Fair states: "That Mrs. Cra
ven, who falsely styles herself Mrs. Nettie
R. Craven Fair, is not the widow of the
late James G. Fair as she alleges, is not
entitled to any portion of decedent's
estate, and furthermore her allegation
that ¦ Judsre Troutt is prejudiced against
her is not based upon fact, but his de
cision adjudging that she is not the
widow of the deceased was , based on
fact." Hence the affiant' asks that Mrs.
Craven's petition for a transfer be denied.
Walter Sailing Is Being
Sought For by the ;
Police.
The officials of the Bank of California
are worried over a . clever forgery, by
which they are out $500. Yesterday ex-
Judge Allen, attorney for the bank, vis
ited police headquarters and endeavored
to secure a warrant for. the arrest of _ the
alleged forger, whose name is said to bo
Walter Sailing. Up to within a few
months Sailing, who is : said to be
well connected, was employed by; W. :M.
Dii Val & Co., commission- merchants^ at
221 Front street. He was discharged^
several weeks ago. and, failing to pro
cure other employment, he went to'Chi
cago.
Being short * of - funds, It is claimed,
Sailing forged • the signature. of his for
mer employer to a check for $500. > 'xne
check -was cashed •• by ' a- Chicago bank
and sent to this city for cancellation.
After it had been honored by the Bank
of California the cashier 'suspected? that
the signature was not genuine. He lost
no time in sending for Mr. Du Val. , The
latter -pronounced- the signature -.a^for-w
gery and asked the- bank officials -to co
operate with him -in landing the forger. -'.
•The Chicago police department- .was
appealed to, and after an investigation
wired here • that Sailing was the . forger.
Pending the issuance of a- warrant :; for.
Sailing's arrest the Chief of' Police --of
Chicago was asked to keep \ him . under
surveillance.- , ;¦ - ¦¦ - - ':'/:¦ '- t ¦•;•?
. Yesterday "Mr. ' Allen,, who has charge
of the legal business of the bank.' visited
the warrant and'- bond ' clerk's -~ office.
In tlie Hall, of Justice arid : asked ; for'.'a
warrant for* the- arrest of .Sailing. The
complaint was duly drawn up, but'}, as
there was no-Judge present to sign the
warrant the attorney said he would call
to-day and -have the necessary document'
issued. ' It • Is the , intention' of • the • • bank
officials; to ask Captain • Seymour, as soon'
as the warrant ; is . issued,': to wire ;• the
Chicago police to; arrest Sailing 1 . An'offi
cer •will then be sent to bring him back
to this city. . ¦ :. -¦•-¦-¦• . * ;..-¦- -.: -, • .
Sailing has heretofore been. considered
an honorable • young - man by his > former
employers. '¦ ¦ ,-¦'¦-.-.,,.'¦
BANK OFFICIALS
CLEVERLY DUPED
The internal dissensions in the families
of James H. Doolittle of the St. Nicholas
Hotel and Major Joseph Knowlton, his
brother-in-lajtv, are taking a wide rami
fication, as Dr. Henry S. Welch, father of
Lieutenant ¦ "Welch, who married -Miss
Knowlton," has jumped into the breach to
defend the character of the father of his
daughter-in-law. ;
Dr. Welch and his wife have lived at the
St. Nicholas for the past seven years.' The
arrest of Major Knowlton on the charge
of felony embezzlement on complaint. of
Doolittle, followed by the threat by Doo
little that he would swear out sixteen
other warrants for Knowlton' s arrest on
the charge of misdemeanor embezzlement,
roused .Dr. -Welch to a pitch of fury.
Thursday ¦- night he declared to several
other guests in the hotel that he would
kill Doolittle and he raised such a . dis
turbance that he was arrested by Police
man Nolting on a charge of disturbing the
peace and Ueing drunk.- He\Was released
on cash bail, but yesterday morning when
! he received notice to leave the ¦ hotel he
[made another display of his feelines to
ward Doolittle and .raised such a racket
that he was again arrested for disturbing
the peace. Doolittle also swore to. a com
plaint charging him' with threats to kill,
which was • served on him in the City
Prison. On this charge his bonds were
fixed in 52000 or $1000 cash.
Dr. Welch was taken before Judge
Slogan and in answer to the Judge said:
"I might have spoken in a loud voice;
but my voice isnaturally shrill. I had no
intention of' disturbing the peace. I ob
jected to this dirty business. . My son is
married to a daughter of Major Knowlton
and I believe the major is being wrongful
ly treated. I have been a guest • In the
hotel for the past seven years." The doc
tor talked in such a loud voice that the
Judge had to caution him that he was not
deaf. He was sent to the City Prison ana
the cases continued till to-day. •-.;¦••- 't : ->.
It •¦ was arranged yesterday in Judge
Fritz's court that Major Knowlton should
get his clothing and personal effects from
the St. .- Nicholas ' Hotel and In Judge Mo
gan's court that no warrants would-; be
sworn out for his arrest on . the charge" of
misdemeanor embezzlement till after the
Judge had given his decision on the
motion to dismiss the felony charge of
embezzlement i against Ki.owlton, which
will be argued this morning.
Threatens to Kill James
H. Doplittle of the
St. Nicholas. ; :
"Will there be any changes In the op
i eratlng staff of the Southern Pacific in
DR. WELCH AGAIN
ON THE WAR PATH
fix his signature to the recommendation.
The story goes that Mr. Loud promised
to support Colonel George Stone for Post
master, ¦ but the latter -wanted something
different. The position that suits Colonel
Stone's fancy Is gracefully if not per
manently filled by Colonel John P. Irish.
When one talks to the President it may
be assumed that oner speaks his mind. So
when Colonel Stone told the President
that he preferred the naval office it is fair
to infer that he was not talking through
his tile. Wise men of, the East and
prophets of the West predict that there
will bo no immediate change in the naval
office. Colonel Irish,- the holder, possesses
many Christian virtues, some inherited,
some achieved and others thrust ¦ upon
him,, but resignation, an admirable virtue
withal, Is not a prevailing one. He will
not resign. He will not be removed.
Hence Colonel Stone must build his hopes
on either the death or promotion of Col
onel Irish. Meanwhile Colonel.Stone may
solace himself with the reflection that the
position was not bestowed upon one hold
ing lesser rank than that of colonel.
- Mr.* Montague has Julius Kahn's "un
divided". ¦ support for ; Postmaster, and
Julius insists that the - patronage belongs
to him because the -Postofflce . Is in the
Fourth District. Albert Gerberding, ex'
president of the Produce Exchange and
the Bohemian Club and ex-Bank Commis
sioner", is talked of for Postmaster. Ex-
Supervisor J. B. Stetson Is also mentioned
for the office There will be no contest if
Mr: Loud agrees to join in. recommending
Mr. Montague, but . if the Congressman
of the Fifth falls to agree the United !
States Senators: may intervene. Such in
tervention - would be water on Al Ger
berdins's wheel. ,; ;-i ;
THE BEPTJBUCA1T LEAGUE.
Active "Work on th.c Line of District
Organization.
A large delegation of active Republicans
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly District
visited the headquarters of the Republican
Primary • League in , the Baldwin Annex
last^evening. .The directors of the league
were assured that the movement for
municipal .government will be earnestly
supported by the anti-boss Republicans of
the Twenty-ninth District.
' The" league last night resolved to ap
point - an : executive | committee of eleven
prominent Republican citizens to assist
the board of directors In the work of the
municipal campaign. The names will
probably be. announced , to-night. The
plans of district ' organization adopted by
the league are simple and promise to se
cure the co-operation • of an • army of Res
publican voters; One hundred books, each
containing perforated . blanks, with stubs
for twenty-five names, will be sent to
every one of the eighteen Assembly dis
tricts/ -It is possible therefore by -active
work in canvassing to obtain 2500 members
in- a district. .The canvassers are the hold
ers of the-books, and all Republicans will
be • requested to join the movement- for
good ¦ government under ; the auspices of
the Republican party. ; ' -
' Last evening the league was engaged in
framing an address to the Republican
voters of ; San Francisco ¦ urging all who
have not registered for the primary elec
tion to register without delay." One of the
chief purposes of '• the . organization is to
awaken the citizens to a- sense of the im
portance of , the primary - election.
, Two sessions of 'the -league 7 yesterday
were. devoted, to ' negotiations ' to bring
about harmonious action of all the'anti
boss elements - of the - pany. Friends of
the league entertain the hope that careful
consideration « will-, be { given to so-called
offers of •, compromise. » • It • is yet fresh in
the minds ofithe people of San Francisco
that< an. 'organization ; formed^ two • years
aigo under the banner of clean politics and
anti-boss rule- became so 'badly, infected
with' Phelanism ; that Horace Davis, the-
Republican • nominee for Mayor, .was be
trayed and knifed by the pretended cham
pions of reform;. - '-^. . ¦ -
- Internal \ Revenue Collector. John- C.
Lynch; accompanied ;by . Johnny. Macken
zie of Santa ; Clara, passed , through Los
Angeles day before yesterday on. the
way to meet ¦ Colonel D. ; M. Burns, :¦ re
turning "¦¦ from -. Mexico. The official . duties
of ,the internal office do not weigh heavily
on Collector -LynchV mind when political
schemes ; require his personal v attention.
Senators ¦ Smith, r. Caldwell - and Belshaw
may ' take notice \ of , the Collector's ab
sence, from his post, of duty.N '
the near future?" President Hays was
asked. \- ¦' ' '.
"The papers have already announced
that there will- be," replied Mr. Hays
Sm 'J. n fi. Herbert, formerly-df the Iron.
Mountain. road, is in San Francisco. TV ill
he-, work, for '.the Southern Pacific T' was
the next Question. ,
"I see the papers have announced that
Herbert has arrived in San Francisco,
was all that Mr. Hays would venture. ¦
"Is the Sacramento Record-Union for
" "I have read in the papers that the Sac
ramento Record-Union Is for sale, Mr.
Hays said, after! a pause of some length,
and then the- colored porter poked his
head in- at the door" of the car, and an
nounced that Oakland had been reached.
Coming over on the ferry-boat President
Hays gave out a few facts about the fu
ture policy of the road, but in reference
to changes in the personnel of his staff
he parried all questions with the ease, of
a diplomat:' He says with the appointment
of J. C. Stubbs as traffic director of the
Union Pacific, Southern Pacific,, Oregon
Short Line and O. R. and N. roads greater
results can be achieved; that the consoli
dation of these roads does not mean that
expenses will be cut and that Improve
ments will .be- stopped, but that the bet
terment of the roads is assured.
The project" of shortening the road of
the- Central .Pacific and straightening the
curves over the mountains Hays said will
be acted upon by the executive board of
the Southern Pacific, of which Mr. Harri
mau Is chairman. - ; Business of great im
portance has so far occupied the time^of
the board, but he expects that the matter
jWill.be taken up very shortly and that the
work will then be pushed with vim.
' He also said he thought- the traffic be
tween ¦ San Francisco and San 1 Jose i war
ranted a double track; that work on the
bay;shore cut-off would be. commenced in
the fall, as the right of way had been se
cured. .The application to operate this
new road'in the Mission would be brought
up before j the . Board of • Supervisors -in"
October and no opposition from that body
is anticipated.' . .;„ ¦¦.-"¦;,-, \ ;.•¦
President Hays was accompanied by his
.sister^ and brother-in-law, Mr.-- and Mrs
W.H. Craig of St. Louis. On the trip
across the bay President Hays, with \evi
dent- pleasure, pointed cut to hisguests
the : battleships in the ' bay - and different
points of interest along the shore.', : At the
ferry building they entered a carriage and
were driven, to the ; Third . and Townsend
streets - station, where the . train \ ;• was
taken . for Mr. Hays' country, residence at
Menlo Park. , •- .<¦ -V" : ¦-. ¦
:- • — - — ' • — .¦¦.-; ; - .-•¦¦, -
Perkins in 'I Favor of General
• Barnes, but Is Committed, z
to the Fresno Man. >
Ex-Senator Earl of Alameda Aspires
to Fame in Congress— Postmasters .
-. of Oakland and San Francisco. .-'
Several members of the -California Con
gressional delegation, the Governor, of the
State, United States Senator Perkins and
i legion '. of leading Republicans -believe
fiat General W. H. L. Barnes should be
appointed United States Minister to Ja
pan: Before- the general was mentioned
for the | position Senator,- Bard indorsed
Dr. Chester Rowell of Fresno for the place
and obtained from the -senior Senator, a
promise to second the indorsement. Sen
ator Perkins Is therefore committed to
the support of Dr. Rowell, but he is not
unmindful of the fact that President Mc-
Kinley. and any number of leading-citi
zens of the State entertain the highest re
gard for^ General Barnes. and. recognize
that he possesses the ability and educa
tion to serve his country in high station.
If Senator Bard insists on the fulfillment
of the agreement in respect to the Rowell
recommendationvthe Senators will ask the
President to appoint' Dr. Rowell. V .
It* is the' judgment of well-informed pub
lic, men,, in "view of this condition^ that
the President will give the Japanese mis
sion to a leading man of some State other
than California and tender to General
Barnes a mission to Europe.
When : Benjamin Harrison was elected
President a strong sentiment existed in
favor, of a. Californian for.; the Cabinet.
The President favored John F. Swift, but
the Congressmen and , members of the
Legislature indorsed M.M. Estee. Presi
dent Harrison did. not appoint either to
the Cabinet, but he at once appointed Mr.
Swift Minister to Japan.
Candidates for Congress.
One of Alameda County's favorite sons,
ex-Senator Guy C. Earl, is said to be am
bitious for fame in Congress.- So violent
Is the fever of ambition : that , he is.seri
ously considering the suggestion to enter
the race against Victor.H.-Metcalf for the
Republican nomination : in the Oakland
District. The ex-Senator.ls rich as -well
as aspiring. Recent sale of his holdings
in the Earl Fruit Company placed ready
cash at his command, and cash properly
placed in fields of political strife may in
spire a deal of legitimate enthusiasm in a
community . and ¦ sometimes - secure . a few
votes in a convention. Color is given to
the story of Mr. Earl's aspiration by the
fadt that he has volunteered his legal ser
vices in behalf of the people in a contest
wherein" the - Contra Costa Water Com
pany is seeking to compel Auditor Breed
to audit certain bills of the water corpor
ation. In the light of rumors that Judge
Henshaw is ready to enter the fight for
the United States Senatorship, and that
Mr. Earl is looking. for* an opening in the
lower . house of Congress, George C. v Per
kins and Victor H. Metcalf should hasten,
to Inspect their. own political fences. -
Oakland is a ¦ progressive community,
and progress signifies change. A new
Postmaster will represent* one of the im
pending changes: If Senator Perkins
were minded to - grasp all the patronage
within his reach he might' name the new
Postmaster, but" he has surrendered his
claims in -this regard to Congressman,
Metcalf.-. -v ',.**¦ . .u
I Politicians who are fond of tracing the
future growth and expansion of young
statesmen predict that State Senator 8.
C Smith of Kern will make his mark -in
Congress. It is predicted that he will have
a walkover for . the Republican nomina
tion for Congress in the new Eighth Dis
trict of this State. As a campaigner Sen
ator • Smith has • no < . superiors and few
equals in that region of California: His
nomination will meanthis election. '-.
San Francisco Postofflce.
Congressman Julius *Kahn' may encoun
ter opposition in his efforts to have W. W:
Montague [ reappointed Postmoster. • Sen
ator Perkins did not* join, in the -letter to
the President suggesting the reappoint
ment. 'Neither did Congressman Loud af-
LARGE PLUMS
OF PATRONAGE
ARE IN SIGHT
Senator ; Bard Insisting
That ; Rowell Go to ?
- . \' \. : Japan '' _' v>' r
Southern Pacific President Returns From the East and Talks of
Double Track to Sari Jose arid Bay Cut-off, but De i clines to
'Discuss Possible Changes Among : His Numerous Assistants
HAYS TALKS ABOUT THE CLIMATE
BUT PARRIES POINTED QUESTIONS
absolutely uncommunicative concern
ing all matters pertaining to the Southern
Pacific and smilingly parried each and
every question' touching upon the subject
of possible or prospective changes.
* • ¦*- - *i
Tf-^v KESSBD in a light summer suit
I \V and a rakish straw hat, P.resi-
I )| dent Charles M. Hays of the
\ \^J/ Southern Pacific arrived here
• .-. - -•• yesterday in -his 'private car. 'He
came West from Ogden on train No. 5 and
it rolled Into the depot at the Oakland
mole on time to the minute. , .With Hays
seated in -his car with an. official time
table on a table close to his right hand, |
this difficult and .very unusual feat be
came apparently easy of accomplishment.
It is hinted that the tip was*passed along
the line to the . operating officials that
there would be trouble in the air. if the
train was late.. ...
A* Call reporter -who went up the' road
to meet President Hays and interview
him was received by the Southern Pacific
president In his private car. Mr. 'Hays
was affable as usual, and perfectly-will
ing to talk. He talked about the heat, in
Chicago — the cool breezes that refreshed 1
one when rearing the coast . and the
; glorious climate of California, but he was
GARCELON
TRUST SUIT
IS DECIDED
Judge Sloss Renders* an
Important Opinion
/ in the Case/,
.¦,-'" y >
Account of Bate Trustee Is
Finally Passed Upon
and Filed.
•
A Million Dollars to Be Divided Be
tween Bowdoin College and Mer
• ritt Hospital of Oakland.
By a decision, rendered yesterday by
Superior Judge Sloss, the settlement of
an account of .the trustees under the.
famous Garcelon trust was effected and
the sum of nearly one million dollars will
now be divided between the Merritt Hos
pital of Oakland and the - Bowdoin Col
lege. The decision was reached in the ac
tion instituted by T. B. Coghill and C. D.
Allen, as executors of .the will of the late
Judge John A. Stanly, against Henry
Rogers as trustee of the trust created. by
Catherine M. Garcelon, and in the matter
of the" application of the president and
trustees of Bowdoin College for the^ap
pointment of a trustee for the . Garcelon
trust. . .
On April 21. 1S91, Mrs. Garcelon executed
a trust deed on certain property in which
the Bowdoin College and the Merritt Hos
pital of Oakland were named as . benc
nciaries. • -' . ¦'.:'
Judge Stanly was one of the trustees j
of the. Garcelorf trust, and for a number j
of years he defended the many suits j
brought for the purpose of declaring the i
trust invalid. Bowdoin College was to re- j
celve - lour-tqntns of the property named i
in the trust d«ed and the Merritt Hoe- J
pital was to receive six-tenths of the I
property. - ! I
1 ne beneficiaries mentioned in the trust
deed agreed that Judge Stanley should re
ceive compensation- for his services as
trustee of the trust and the sum of $MK)
per racnth was agreed upon.
When Judge Stanly <Jied, on September
22, lbVJ, an application was made to the j
couris for the iippointment of his succes
sor, and Henry Jrtogers became trustee of
the Garcelon crust.
The complaint filed by Judge Stanly's
executors set forth that Stanly was
trustee for many years of the Garcelon
trust and that his accounts had never I
been formally allowed by the courts. The j
bulky statement of the accounts shows i
that Judge Stanly, during his administra- I
tion. handled nearly two million dollars'
worth of propsrty. real and personal, be
longing: to the Garcelon trust. Included
in the statement of accounts was tue Item j
162,000, charged by Judge Stanly as pay
ment for his services, under the contract
with the beneficiaries.
Henrv Rogers, in answering the com
plaint, admitted that the accounts were
true and correct with the exception of the
item for $62,000 for services, claiming that*
the contract entered into between Judge
Stanly and the beneficiaries was inform
ally made and, therefore, not legal.
For this reason Henry Rogers presented
a claim for $62,000 £gainst the estate of
the late Judge Stanly, though at the same
time it was conceeded that the I contract
between Stanly and the beneficiaries had
been recognized by all parties during
Etanly's lifetime.
A number of attorneys were engaged in
the litigation, Henry W. Bradley and J.
C. McKlnstry appearing for the Stanly
estate, and A. Muenter for the present
trustee of the Garcelon trust.
In a manner entirely satisfactory to all
parties. It was agreed that the Stanly
estate should pay the sum of $6500 by
way of luirp settlement to Henry ilogers,
trustee of the Garcelon trust, in settle
ment of the claim for HZ.QJO. The settle
ment was made with the distinct under
standing that t.»»e sum of $6500 had no
reference to an;,' specific Stam, but that tne
Slanly executors allowed the amount in
full settlement of every claim made by
the Garcelon trustee and the beneiiciaries
cf the trust deed.
Judge Sloss, in rendering his decision,
stated that the compensation received- by
Judge Stanly was reasonable, proper and
legitimate and was a proper charge
against the trust fund, and that all parties
having agreed on a friendly settlement as
regards the claim of $62,000, mentioned
above, he ordered the approval and allow
ance of the statement of accounts and of
the compromise between the Stanly
executors and the beneficiaries of the
Garcelon trust.
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, SATTJRDAY, JUNE 22, 1901;
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
60UT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
V3L JgO |RB Mttttt. S3 MS
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water."
> SOO^dozen' WOMEN'S ' __..'¦ sr w -m^Wi« -.ALL-SILK FANCY
HEMSTITCHED LIN- - Mm tSk W^fk fUJF fl^ • RIBBONS in. stripes;
EN - H A N I) K K R- MSk JoW IA (JH MB MfflT light grounds; i inches
CHIEFS, . - HnflBj Hf^» BIP H^ w '<Je; 25c kind at
Exceptional Values To-Day!
illOOKTHEM OVER— IT MEANS A GREAT
¦ "SAVING TO YOU. v
Women's Waists.; "T Hosiery. "
7 Made' of best-i Percale/ tucked, back and Once again- we'll sell 1 for TO-DAY/ ONLY
1 front , and trimmed ¦ with vest * of . White : our regular ;¦. 35c «. Women's White Foot
. 'Pique; have been sold at 98«; to- y£Oy-»:" ••¦ Hose, .made of 'best, Maco- Cotton, full
¦ '}Aa.y, ....... V..v.. :.'.:..\.. ,"v3y . . ¦ finish jindfast black.'jat.'a:palr|d^-».-
S- WOMEN'S WAISTS of white India linen; ;; , . r Tw;;;VnnVr«'Vn'o»Vv,'*^,";tAro»,
. entire, front -of White .Point Venetian ; « Only thro.j: pairs , to each customer. .
; Lace; ¦' tucked back; new«st>QRf>' WOMEN'S A FAST - BLACK : SEAMLESS '
sleeves; reg. price $1 50; to-day.. »/.«* V »HOSE, usual price. 3_palrs 50c; Just the t
~ WOMEN'S " SOLID V COLORED CHAM-\ ¦ . ' • thln S 'or, the country, palr.V.r. — \f\ C \\
g- S15S^^ : -!S3«^^OSS^ a Joiner:"-"
' elsewhere $1 50; our price to-day .- CftFw ; -CHILDREN'S HEAVY 'RIBBED HOSE,^
• . • ••>•¦>-..:-¦ - :•¦• . - ,' . , extra lone sizes; 5 to 3VS;: regu- 1 ST^,
¦ Women's Wrapper Sa!e^ ¦ m^^P?^"w*m
• wrappers '"made" "of good s percale, • Inade •< -.Whenever We Advertise a Sale of
"¦^Teil^ RS^^^a^Sm^piSS:-^ ;: Undermuslins, Your -Experience.
* flight ,blue, v t reds.', black, white ' and -navy . ¦¦ WJlh lie Has 1 Tni'mht Vnn That
v blue; regular prices |1 00; your. ftQ C "»" \ : y* ;»O9 IQUgtlt TOU Ihat
¦choice to-day .................v- "A'V 1 It Means Underwear Selling at
. FLOUNCED .WTIAPPERS,. made of fine ; ;;-;«/_^ '¦' a~tnw'; RoniilaV p,! rA .
• v materials, i neatly ¦ trimmed .: and iined"' - -Way. HelOW KegUlar Knees.
,": 'waist and ? sleeves; it all;: colors; QC/< ¦ , '. .¦'(''.>' M»''v"irt*"fliwniV ; '^ ' '¦'¦ • : '-" aa~ '¦¦¦"¦ ¦"'
>; : good>-U 60,.value; : our vP rlce..:.;y»C: • <, \, * Jjg Night . Gowns at....... |9o ;
WRAPPERS made. of best, quality. Percale, , ¦. .$l. CO i Night Gowns at ;:...;;. 73c ' '•
.," -trimmed with.' fine , linen- lace /made la , -..' ji.eo -Night Gowns at.v..'....9.Sc >-':•-'
an entlrely.new style; worth '. * <C 1 4 1 £% ¦ ' - - -25c Drawers at.. .;......:. .MTc ".'i "
*$2; on sal el to-day ........ — • V»»« . 35 C Drawers at. :.;.......... 23c ¦
'"'• -• 'i/-"v'">.', '¦'-. '¦' BOc Drawers at. . ............ ,33c ¦"•'
¦ •.-¦..-., p A ...l. ¦ -c,-'' v'.'i ¦ *,--;^-;'^ 75c. Drawers at.:;;. .-.;•'.... ..48c,: .J
;:/: \ ,LprS8lS.^ . - ; ! -. ¦ - '. " ;^-;-;--r'---30« i>; ; .;
- ¦ Tou can ; buy our fCORSETS.f wear. 1 them •-"-'.'• tl.oo -Skirt3 at!!":I:""""" 73c
f thirty' days;;lf^not! satisfactory money re- ... > |i.6o Skirts .at.... ... ' "08c ' '¦'
to-day ;> we're ; selling -^ ¦ ;. ¦.; ;; , ;^^ve garment, are 5 beautlfuliy trimmed T
• ; - uf lSi!-!; ::::: - :: ?1li - : ; f?^!S»fc^^Fl^
- ¦: t is^8E^!E--lii:^ ; * \ Specials,
: i SedSS C p^^he?ra^
•'elude all beat' makes. ' SKIRTS; to-day, .;....... «7OW
* -. :•.'••--¦ - .'¦•¦ -- -,. - P . ¦----¦•".¦ 65o WOMEN'S' CRASH OVER-' QCT^ >
$6.00 Child's Outfit for $3.30, ;^^ c S{d^p^^«S^
r You 'can buy ? entlre outfit or any single' - .UNDERSKIRTS ;;:¦........".¦.:.:..•. .DOt;
garment at 'advertised i price. V; WOMEN'S- PINK or ' BLUE LISLE :
"CAMBRIC DRESS Emb.:, trimmed.... 45c - ' THREAD . "'LONG, ' SLEEVE OQr» '
¦ PIQUE ¦ CAPE or COAT trimmed ¦ with . .-VESTS .r.. '...*.:..:............ j.v..-'^»«>w v
- r y-3 ruffles of wide embroidery. ..... 91.25 . '-.'FINE /RIBBED^^ VESTS,'
SILK OR ¦ LAWN, HAT or BONNET. .45c PANTS orlDRAWERS. sizes IS Sflff-,;
i.i to 34; any^slze;' to-day ;only..:V^520C^
20^^|UMMER oi WEIGHT; SLEEVELESS
;' CAMBRIC f DRAWERS, .trimmed; wit^^ '^^.^^"H^Z^^ISgC'
- CAMBRIC e SKiRTsi"embroidery'"trlm- , ;, 25c LONG-SLEEVE v KNIT/ -UN-"- | S r
. ¦¦¦meA..Y.::.:v.:r....W.:.'.v....:..U.-.A lot
; , '7 open to-night un riLrn O'clock- .<;' . ; v :
immzm mMkei street^
B9 iw*B ¦H-Mf EeB '^b
SFECiAL BARGAINS
SATlRDAYi MONDAY* AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 18 lbs. *.$1 00
Extra Dry.' Spreckels Reflnln;.
JAMS AND JELLIES, largo glss3 jar...lOc
San Jose Packlnsr Co.'s Extras.
Limit 8 Jars. Regular 20c .
FINEST CKBAMERY BUTTfiB, »q...32^e
Now Is the time to have your Butter
packed for the winter.
Market advancing, j Regular 40c
P0IKT REYES CREAMERY, sc[txaro_...30o
Resralar 35c.
BEST MISSION . EGGS, dun ..........20a
Regular 23c. Limit 6 dos.
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes — 25o
Recular 3 for 23c. '-.; . < "'•,'•
I. W. CARPER'S WHISKT, gal....$3.00
Rye or Bourbon.. Regular M.
MACARONI. EPAQHETTI, box ....20o
Vermicelli. Rear. 25c. '¦"¦•,¦•, „¦
JAPAN HEAD RIOE, 4 Ins......... 25o
Regular S -lbs 25c. .
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY, q&. loL'90o
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 15 e»kes.50o
; Special request. - Reg:.'. 12 for 50c.
Ziafandel and Claret, in stone ju?. gal. .75o*
- Extra Fine Vintage, 1S92. Reg. $1.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, sliced ...'.ISo
New arrival. Regular 25a
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, #-ll> can 20o
Regular 25c
SDLTANA RAISINS, I-IT) pkg 10o
Bleached Seedless. Reg., 15a
CAMPERS' SUPPLIES.
.. - Picnic Lunches out m. "We ship free of
, charge -within 100 miles on all orders ex-
; ' - ceefilns . ?5.
GHrardelli's Ground Chocolate, 1-11) can..25o-
: Reg.. 30c.
KIPPERED HERRING, large can.. 2Co
Imported from Scotland. Res. 25c
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 eans.25o
Res. 10c can.
WILLOW CREEK WHISKY, foil ai$L0O
Reg. $1 50. . Gal- $3 Sh Reg. $4 50?
MACKEREL, in Tomato, in Mustard Sauoj,
. can........... ....^«..^..12Ko
Regular • 20c can.
. 1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. • Phone S. 292. No Branca Storesu
DR.MCNULTY:
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLB OLD
X SpeclaMsteurciBloorf Poison, Gonorrheas. Gleet,
Strtctori». W?mln»l Weakness. Impoti»nc»*D<i their ;
allied Disorder!. Book on Diseases of Men, Irea.
OTer20Tears'exper)ence.Termsrea.<«onabie.Boan.
0to3dally;6:30to8.30ev'?ft.Snn<la7i.l0tol2.ConRnl«
teUonfree&ndsacre&y confidential. Can oraddresa \
P. ROSCOE McXUliTY. H.D.
26 X A KeacoySU San JF ranei«e«. Ca*-
¦¦ ..' ~~~^~- \ ¦ . "
p i rr n n v \ \ corner Fourth * ad
iifti t nu 1RL E^Sa^E
¦'•-¦• ¦ valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
CHOXiLd TJSE DAM1ANA- BITTERS. THE
*-* great - Mexican remedy; gives -health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists M all al .
on Application.
: ' COAL. COKE AN > PIQ ; IROX.'
I f ; WII ?nV * Tft 9C0 Battery Street.
J-WlTTlLjUrrg CU-* Telephone Main lSfrt.
COPPERSMITH.
C W ¦ CMITH 'Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
C- IT • Jifll I II. ship Work a specialty. 13 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 564t '
. ' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
'- 1 A C " PflVEC * CTk Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- pUltag CU. clay. Tel^ Main 1294
,Q1LS, :
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
i418 Front »t..S..F. Phone Main 1719.
. PRINTINQ.
EC HITfiHF^ -PRINTER.
\f QUUllCJt .6ii Sanaome at.. 3. V.
y: ; • PRINTERS, : BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD ' CO.;^HttB0B
23 First Street, 3*n Fswt#«fc. ',
js popular fwcampins&oupiqg K^J
Is the popular thins for camping or outing ' , flP r "jl
wear. - Why, we've be»n selling them in season 11 **^.
Just as fast as we could at 49c. My! how they'll go I
wanted. Of course, they
S an im^fI«on. ly Thl S picture he?e shows one exactly as It Is-29c each.
¦m?AT>V TO_WPA"R. TTATS— Sailors and walking hats In great variety, btyies
now il^o^" T^l^^We llthirFs not many of an* one. so they're grouped at tbesa
-^CHIL^felfN^S^MBBKROS-Rough straw ones sell at 25c. Those of Jap straw
at 3<ic. Sliver trimmed ones at 4Sc and 6Sc.
Neckwear Selling To=day
Receives Fresh Stimulus.
We've picked "out about 200 "neck pieces, among which are those made
with pretty, silk, finished- with'fine narrow silk Juby trimming, fastened to stlK
stocks. -Also full jabots- as well as many of the popular. Venice collars. Fiece3,
: we 'have been selling for $i.oo. " "¦¦'.' nr\
Mapked to=day 68c each, instead $1.00.
This along with the attractions our regular stock ofFers will bring us a splen-
did day's business. * .
Well known Balsam Tolu, highly perfumed, put
R^'^^i VKvc'U/^r up three cakes to the box. It's a hard mill soap.
l^^S^3!l\ \ suitable for toilet or bath. A heaping table full
¦ V^^ J*li^ Sale of Tooth Brushes. 8c— They usually sell
\^^i^^^s) for 15c. but we bought them in an irregular way
\ xfetp** ¦¦' / 5*j* an( i y° u get them at this- lrregnlar price — Sc ln-
/ ¦ Yi^?f#%jK jf» jtf&f ¦ stead of 15c to-day.
More Good Glove News.
T"EP-GLASP GLOVES. S1.0O A HTEwJOITVIN . FBENCH .G&PJSO**-
P2illl— Cape Is a Dent fac simile, fastened SI75O— They are the very height of French
with- one large pearl clasp; comes in all the style and making. Made with Z clasps, hand-
regular Dent shades. somely. set off In new stitching and colorings.
OUR PAJIOUS' E. B." GLOXTRR An acknowledged leader in ita class— Jl 50
lambskin 'and dressed * with a. good* finish. MISSES' TWO-CLASP G T »OV"RS.
This is our price and we watch their making Sl.OO— It is a member of the H. B. family,
closely^ They come in two clasps, fancy im- It runs right along side by side In favor and
ported backs. Always $1 a pair. „-,; satisfaction with our Jl II. B. gloves.
' A ioc Ribbon Sale.
"Nos. 22, 30 and 40 Fancy Heck Ribbons — in plaid and stripes, will be put on
sale to-day at the ridiculous price of 10c a yard. " Not a yard is worth less
than 20c. , Also
Black Taffeta Ribbons — with colored Persian stripes, . woven in. We don't
like to mention what they are worth, but we are selling them for lOc.
Then there are . * '~~S
Solid Color Taffetas with hemstitched borders, and
Printed Warp Effects, in stripes and a half-dozen' other, as choice patterns,
: all on a bargain square to-day for ten cents a yard. •
ftealtyeglassl
I value 1
j@— —^2- .,,,..^x Jj
h based not alone upon the-
quality, of the material of
which they are made, but
also upon the bznefit ob-
tained from the'r use. To be
beneficial they must be made
correctly. Cur long; experi-
ence in manufacturing' and
fitting them enables us to
produce tht best and most
comfortable glasses known to
the optical profession*
r2I7Kearney3t;AniB!^° :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hole's.
Sale's.