PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH ' 12, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-KO. 1O2.
Wife of the Well=Known Clubman and Capitalist Files
a Sensational Suit for Support and
Division of Property.
MRS. R. J. HANCOCK SAYS
HUSBAND HAS DESERTED HER
FOR A CHURCH SINGER
Mr. Williams' marriage will make no
changes; in his plans. He will continue
his'interest In the track and in theatrical
management.' . '
Mr. Williams has .traveled extensively,
and there is' probably no corner of the
globe that he has not visited. Every
where his reputation is that of a gentle
man, and a man. generous almost to a
fault. . '. • '¦:•'<
. _. r
daughter of, the late E. L. G. Steele. a
ivell-known merchant jOid club man. She
resides with | her mother, Mrs. Emma
Steele. at the corner of Sixth and Jack
son' streets, Oakland. She was born in
the little cify.across Uie bay, and all her
education was ' received from masters In
her native 'town. Personally she is very
attractive. She is tall and slender and a
decided brunette.
Thomas II. "Williams Jr. Is probably one
of the best-known and most popular of
all -the high-class sporting men in the
country. He is the son ol-the late Thomas
H. "Williams, a ' prominent lawyer, and
was himself educated for the bar. Mr.
Williams has now and then, however not
seriously, practiced his profession, but he
has given, nearly all his time to, the en
couragement of high-class, clean sport.
He is the president of the Callforn**
Jockey Club and a member of the Pacific
Union Club.
WELL-KNOWN HORSEMAN AND
THE OAKLAND SOCIETY BELLE
WHO WILL BECOME HIS BRIDE.
Continued on Second Page.
Continued on Third Paga. , .
The Injured: Michael Howell, slightly
injured by falling glass; Tillle Olsen. in
Jured about body: Arthur Boyer. Bligtuly
injured about body: Hilda Kalb, le?
crushed and face cut; Sadie Kalb, a year*
old. left arm broken; H'Hliam B. Dean, 10
years old, badly bruised; Joseph GalzeKa.
internal Injuries; Mary Werno, head cut;
Abraham Colsen. heal cut: Mary Kalb.
slightly bruised; Anthony Stearn, shoulder
crushed; John Dean, S years old, boJy
bruited Mrs. Fanny Dccn, badly bruised
Long- List of the Injured.
The Dead.
FRANK HANNAMAN.
MARTHA JACOBI.
BESSIE KUSABA.
ICATE VOSS.
CATHERINE KELLY.
GEORGE DIEHL.
EMMA SABRUSKT.
MINNIE OLSEN.
by falling timbers; Lizzie Wike. three rib*
broken; Antoine Stamoky, head and shoul
der cut; Sadie Slick, head cut; Lizzie Dar
row, severe Internal injuries; Susie Gln
ter, body bru/sed: Susanna Fraina, he«?.d
cut; Nellie Right, slightly bruised; Peter
Dean, head cut and left leg crushed; ElleT
Conway, head and shoulders badly cut;
Mary Halko, arms crushed, bad scalp
wounds; Mamie Burns, tevere internal in
juries; Minnie Jaekle, Internal injuries;
Frank Dottenby, head cut "and shoulder
crushed; Theodore Van Belden, internal
injuries; George McNelll, head cut and
arms crushed; William R. Haepel, in
ternal injuries; Joseph Ortzeller. badly
crushed; Teresa Vansik, Internal injuries,
hip cut; Bessie Klnneald, slightly bruised;
Deltejo Patalo. Internal injuries; Patrick
O'Neill, bruised by falling wall; Of.b
Freund, face and nan Is cut; Mary Zaser,
severe scalp wounds: Jacob Burchard,
badly bruised; Martin Andrews, face lac
erated; Kate Robinson, internal Injuries;
Gussie Hoffman, internal Injuries; Minnie
Hoffman, head cut and badly .' bruiseO ;
Emma Kreuger, face badly cut.
The cause of tho explosion has not been
Disaster in a Chicago Laundry, in Which Eight Persons
Are Killed and Forty=Two Injured.
CHICAGO. March Il.-By the explosion
of a boiler in The Dorcmus laundry, 43?
West Madison street, this morning, tight
persons were instantly killed, forty-two
were injured and several are missing. Tha
I!st of casualties follow:
determined with accuracy as yet, anl
It will probably require an official investi
gation to settle the matter. Pending the
verdict of the Coroner's Jury, A. L. Dore
mus, the proprietor of the laundry, is heM
In custody by the police, "v^.:
Reports of the number of dead in the
ruins run all the way from six to twenty.
It is known that thirty-six employes of
the laundry had .entered the place before
the explosion occurred, because the au
tomatic timekeeper found In the rums
showed that number o*' registered ar
rivals.
Two or three were 1 entering at the mo
ment of the explosion, making the ap
proximate total of forty employes In and
around the building. The most conserva
tive estimate by the police concedes that
at least three persons, dead or alive, are
still in the ruins.
The work of search in the ruins has
been stopped because of , a disagreement
between the police and^ fire departments
as to Jurisdiction. . : "
The force of the explosion was so terri-
FEARFUL HARVEST OF DEATH
DUE TO BOILER EXPLOSION
BRANDFORD. Fla.. March ll.-A mob
of several hundred people fired several
times into the camp: of the turpentine
works of H. C. Searles at Callea, . La
; t ayette County, and killed one negro . and
seriously - wounded three ' others. • Feeling
against the negroes on account of. the re
cent ; murder of Sheriff Matthis is ; sup
posed to have been the cause -
tine "Works Camp.
by Bullets Fired Into Turpen-
Three Other Black Men Are "Wounded
FLORIDA MOB KILLS
A NEGRO FOR REVENGE
VIENNA, March 11.— A ferocious duel
with ijwords has been fought at Ments
chau, Hungary, between Lieutenants
Lenderle and Lexerd. .The former was
killed and the latter, who is now in the
hospital, received more than- twenty
dangerous wounds.
"With Swords and One of Them
Los°s His Life.
Two Lieutenants -Fight Desperately
HUNGARIAN OFFICERS .
IN A SAVAGE DUEL
BIRMINGHAM, March 11.— Rumors of
the consolidation of three of the largest
industrial corporations in the South, with
a combined capital of nearly $100,000,000,
are current in this city. The three com
panies are the Tennessee Coal, Iron and
Railroad Company, the Sloss Sheffield
Steel and Iron Company and the Repub
lic Steel and Iron Company, which to
gether own twenty-eight plglron furnaces,
one steel mill and two rolling mills in Al
abama and Tennessee and make the bulk
of their iron In those two States. The
combined capital- and bonded debt of the
three companies is 593,000,000.
Reports That Three of J the Largest
Industrial Corporations in the
South Are to Unite.
ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS
BEHIND A SYNDICATE
,Mrs. Hancock recites how on one occa
sion' she watched for her husband at the
Laguna-street flat at night time, and that
he came out without his overcoat. Mrs.
Hancock demanded that he go back and
get his coat and go home with h»r. Han
cock refused, and the angry wife ranjr the
bell of the house and had sharp wonls
with Mrs. Westcott, who Is described In
the complaint as having on that occasion
worn "a loose silk -robe only." The wife
secured her husband's coat, and when she
returned to her hubby on the sidewalk ha
"Wore Loose Silk Robe.
Mrs. Hancock alleges that her husband
maintained Mrs. Westcott In gorgeous
style during 1S09-1900 In flats at 1719 Suttel
street and 1904 Laguna street and in apart
ments at 1098 Pine street, and also
charges that the couple were guilty of Il
licit relations on divers and many occa
sions.
And that after all my lore don't hold yon
so close and is not «ueh a comfort as we
sometimes tblnk it is. Lei. dear, do not let
me come up If yon have allowed your mind
and heart to stray for one moment, because
I wish, to go up there and meet you feeling
.that you yearn for me every moment as I do
for you and that nothing can satisfy but each
other's presence and that love that we believe
is for us nowhere else but in that satisfying
union that commences where words fall and
truth is felt.
In July, is», it la alleged in the com
plaint, Hancock refused to go to Pacific
Grove with his wife, as arranged, but
Joined Mrs. Westcott. - He is charged with
having visited his wife for a couple of
days and breaking open her trunk and
abstracting $40 in notes and some of his
wife's stationery. Mrs. Hancock grows
indignant in the complaint where she
gives an account of how her husband sent
the money to Mrs. Westcott and wrote on
her note paper to the singer in the follow
ing terms:
TJses Wife's Stationery.
wST JT WUI fOTSive me ' -weeMiemrt. and X
«t« -tlTV t0T my ° mlMa * 1L " »>""»
-»«.2i W t ' he Sight (so ««nw). You
standing on the pier and I was going on an
an tne others quit.
PROMINENT CLUBMAN AND
THE WOMAN WHOM HE - 13
' SAID TO LOVE.
Four years ago Mr. Williams was a very
Kick man. His physician told him that he
needed the quiet, peaceful air of Oakland
to restore him to health, and so he took
a house at Eighth and Oak streets and
P<?ttled down in it to regain health and
strength.
Once in Oakland, Mr. Williams saw a
groat deal of the Stoele family. They wel
comed him cordially to their home and
clld much to make his existence easier
and happier. It was during these days
that the well-known racing man began to
observe Miss JJeatrice. the eldest daughter
of the house. From a kindly interest Wil
liams passed easily into a sincere friend
ship, and then, two years ago, he discov
ered that he had crossed the narrow bor
der line and was In the snares of the
mischievous little god of love.
Last summer Miss Steele, with her
mother and sister, spent the summer at
holds his heart meant no more to Wil
liams than any other maid until a very
fr-vr years ago.
The lady who will shortly become the
bride of Thomas H. Williams Jr. 'is the
**I will go with a few racetrack frlendr
to my home in Oakland and from there
will go with them to Miss Steele's home."
said Mr. "Williams as he Joyfully explained
his plans. "There we will be married
quietly. There will be no white satin, no
orange blossoms, no fuss and no feathers.
After the ceremony my wife and I wi'l
catch the 6 o'clock train, come over to tho
city, have dinner and then'" go : to the
Orpheum. "We will settle down quietly in
ray Oakland home, and later perhap3,
when the racetrack war is over, we will
go off on a short little trip.". . r».-
It Is to be a very quiet wedding. "Wil
liams has attended to all the details and
Miss Steele has acquiesced to all his ar
rangements.
Mr. Williams' camp and it was then and
there that Williams decided to win the
pirl he loved for his wife. The announce
ment of their betrothal tells how gallantly
he wooed and nobly won.
I do so much . want to have you come, you
have ¦ no Idea how I want . you now. - I was
truly sorry I- did not kiss you good-by. You
had your veil on and _ I . was < mad with ; myself
that "lack "of ; reeerve 'force '" did rattle ' me. I
The plaintiff accuses her. husband of
having in June, 1S99, gone on a trip to. the
southern part of the . State accompanied
by.'Mrs. Westcott, and produces the fol
lowing letter to show how Hancock asked
his fair friend to join him:
After the Lake Tahoe trip, it Is alleged.
Hancock furnished a flat for. Mrs. West
cott at 1719 Sutter street and there main
tained illicit relations with its occupant. .
Mrs. Hancock tells In her complaint how
In August, 1898, her husband went on a
business trip to Slerraville ' f or a month.
That Is what he told her, but she alleges
that. he. spent the time at Lake Tahoe
with Lei Westcott. who took her little
boy and her. sister Hallie along. ..-
The plaintiff then recites how her hus
band . Installed the fair Lei in a sumptu
ous fiat at 1306A Hayes street, and that
he there assumed the position of protec
tor for the dove in the lover's bower.
Makes Many Accusations.
In August, 1897, Mr. and Mrs. Hancock
visited Altruria with Hancock's mother.
Mrs. Lei Westcott went along with the
party, and the complaint alleges that the
conduct of Hancock and Mrs. Westcott
was indiscreet on many occasions during
this summer vacation.
¦¦ The complaint recites how Lei Westcott
visited the home of the plaintiff and her
husband and .how Hancock openly showed
his admiration for the fair singer. When
Hancock would, after, the- visits, escort
Mrs. "Westcott to the" cars he would linger
longer than necessary, and the plaintiff
gradually shows how the, minutes length
ened out to hours.
The suit filed by Mrs. Hancock, through
Attorneys Galpln and Bolton, Is a remark
able one; as it bristles with charges of In
fidelity against the spouse.. of the plaintiff
and names Mrs. .Lei "Wescott and Carrie
King as being his inamoratas.* The name
of Carrie King figures but once on the
complaint, while Mrs." Lei Westcott. either
by name or as "Jane Doe," is'mentloned
hundreds of .times in the voluminous doc
ument'; now 'in the archives of County
Clerk Deane.- -, ', -.•...-«--'» i~-
cock, _"butl I .will not'allow her to have
half : my property- or , an 'allowance more
than I gave her while; we lived together.
As '.regards the lady • mentioned in my
wife's. complaint I will say nothing. This
is not a suit for divorce. I think It shame
ful that this. lady's name should be drag
ged-into the matter. ' If my wife wants an
allowance It ' would have been sufficient
for-her and her lawyers to have alleged
that I left my wife and ask for a certain
sum." • • •: .
VI am I willing {and \[ have been
willing I- to give my wife a proper . allow
ance,: and Iwlil leave it to the court , to
decide f what 'She shall have," said' Han-
Denies Refusing Support.
Robert Hancock gallantly says nothing
in disparagement of his wife and the
mother of his child./ He denied yesterday
that she-had been violent or Jealous to
ward him, and begged that nothing might
be said as coming. from" him which mlgnt
hurt his wife's; feelings. Hancock admits
that he: left his i home some months ago,
but denies that he ever refused a, proper
allowance to -his wife. He declared posi
tively, however, that he would fight to
the end any suit of his wife for a division
Of property or an allowance of 5500 per
month, which she asks for.
Mrs. Hancock yesterday denied herself
to all callers. She gave orders that no
one should be admitted to her home with
out her consent and declined to be inter
viewed.' - .
As worshipers at the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church, Mr. and Mrs."
Hancock met Lei Westcott. She was
known as Mrs. Westcott and church gorj
slp said that she was a divorcee. Her con
duct was beyond reproach and the ' fair
singer was received in the homes of tha
leading members of the congregation.
Thus it was that the small cloud began
to appear on the sea of matrimony of
Hancock and his wife and which has now
assumed the aspecjt and proportions of a
tornado which threatens to wreck the
happiness cf two of Cupid's mariners and
a dainty child of 9 years, the offspring of
Robert J. Hancock and his pretty girl
wife.
Mrs. Westcott Sings in Church.
Hancock and his wife, after extensi-.e
traveling, had settled down to domestic
;ife in, a beautiful house at 928 Broderick
street and every wish of fch«s wife was
gratified by the young husband. Hancock
denied his wife nothing and" the home was
filled with rare and costly bric-a-brac and
the thousand and one things so dear to
femininity. / ¦* •_% -•' ¦¦;'-
Robert J. Hancock is a familiar figure
in athletic and club circles and when. lie
married Ella "Wood of Modesto on May. 15,
1889, it was thought by the friends of ta«
young couple that a;llfe of bliss and joy,
was before the bridal pair. • For .almost
six years there was not a ruffle on the sen
of matrimony. Then in 1S95 a small cloud
appeared. Mrs. Hancock became Jealoas
of the attentions her husband paid .to
pretty Lei Westcott, a singer in the choir
of the California-street Methodist Episco
pal Church. . ..
J. Hancock, laid bare a skeleton
in the married life of the well-known
clubman, capitalist and athlete. -To "the
many friends of the young couple" ths
news of a separation and possible divorce
proceedings does not come as a surprise.
The step. taken yesterday by Mrs. Han
cock has been looked for during the past
six months and the only surprise ... ex
pressed Is that the lady has not asked for
a divorce.'
- | *^ T the filing of a suit yesterday
for maintenance and division. of
j\ community property, Mrs. Ella
¦ *~*** "Wood Hancock, -wife of , Robert
Tom Williams rocked the cradle of the
Oakland maid who In a few short weeks
will become his bride. He went to parties
with her mother before the daughter was
born. His father and her father were
friend*, and the families were always
friendly together. But the maid who now
Mr. "Williams told of the great joy that
hed come to him at a little dinner given
at his home In Oakland on Sunday even-
Ing. J. Xaglee Burke. Clarence Water
house, Louis LIssak, Charles E. Paxton,
Herman Oelrichs. Harry Veuve. Truxton
Beale and Billy Byrnes were among those
present and among those surprised. It
nearly took their breath away when they
heard the splendid news, but they will get
It back In time to offer hearty congratula
tions and drink to the health of the happy
gToorn and his beautiful fiancee.
¦ i - nn unexpected has come to pass.
II Thomas H. Williams Jr. is about
II to become a benedict. Miss Bea
¦*¦** trice Steele of Oakland Is the lady
In th« case, and In a few short
weeks the merry wedding bells will ring
out. It Is for all the world like a well con
ducted novel, this betrothal of the popu
lar horseman and the Oakland belle.
There Is the confirmed bachelor and the
Fweet Ingenue. & gradual awaking of the
tender passion •with such, delightful Inci
dents as a dangerous illness, a summer In
camp, a man of the world's confession
ftnd then a betrothal, to be- followed by a.
simple wedding at which there will be no
white satin or orange blossoms, no bridal
banquet and no bridal trip.
Holds the Promise of Miss Beatrice Steele to flake
Him the Happiest of flen«=Simple Wedding
and No Bridal Trip.
their own rig, a buggy arid bay mare, and
a black dog followed the outfit. The sur
viving robber started with the rig and
crossed the Mokelumne River at Lancha
Plana and traveled until daylight. His
buggy was found at the Wilson ranch at
an early hour this morning, where he had
dest-rted it and struck out on foot with
his black dog for company. He covered a
distance of twenty-five miles, most of the
time in a driving storm.
Taken by Ione's Constable.
Shortly after dawn the news of the trag
edy was wired to all places on the line
and Biddle was captured at lone. He had
stopped at the brewery there and was sus
pected because of the black dog being
with him. The Constable of lone came
upon' him and commanded him to surren
der, which ' he did without resistance.
Sheriff Thorn was Informed and made hia
way to lone at once. Owing to the con
tinuance of the storm to-day the Sheriff
could not return, but locked Biddle in the
County Jail at Jackson and will return to
San Andreas with him to-morrow. Coro
ner Buckley went to Wallace to-night and
will conduct the inquest over the bodies
of the officer and the outlaw to-morrow.
morning by Sheriff Sibley of San Joaquln
County and drastic measures for the cap
ture of the outlaws were planned. The
officers made their way to the Goodman
place, whore the. battle of last night oc
curred. Upon entering the building from
which the robbers made their fight they
found the body of Braun. the larger of
the two cutthroats. McMurray and Ham
llch, who accompanied Holman and brave
ly remained with him under fire, had
claimed last'night that they heard groans
as of a dying man, and that their ear*
were not deceived was proved by 'the find
ing of the ,&ead, bandit.- '¦• ¦.'-
Apparently. the : remaining 'bandit made
a hasty escape after, the officers had with
drawn from the fight. The robbers had
Sheriff Finds the Body.
Officers McSorley and Dower of San An
dreas were met at Wallace early this
place; did not die unavenged. Cold and
stark, the body of one of the desperadoes
was found this morning in the house in
which the pair had made their stand
against the officers. A charge from Hol
man's shotgun, fired after he had received
a mortal wound, had torn away part of
the outlaw's skull and a bullet from the
Deputy Sheriff's revolver had shattered
the bones of the fellow's left knee. Evi
dently the wounds had caused almost in
stantaneous death.
The second highwayman was captured
during the forenoon at lone and must
answer to the law for his part In the
killing of brave Holman and the robber
ies that .preceded the fight to the death.
Fred Braun was the name of the slain
outlaw' and.' the captured man Is Louis
Biddle. They traveled together as tourist
sign painters.
SAN- ANDREAS, March lL-c-Deputy
Sheriff Samuel J. Holman of "Wallace, who
was slain last' night In battle with two
outlaws on -a mountain trail near that
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second Robber Is TaKen
Prisoner by a Consta
: I)le at lone.
Bandit's Body Found
at Scene olWali!
lace Battle.
DYING DEPUTY
SPEEDS DEATH
TO OUTLAW
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.
AT LAST FALLS A VICTIM
TO CUPID'S SWEET WILES
The San Francisco Call.T-BOCTOR WH/L SUEVEY
• THE CUBAN SITUATION
Vermont Ssnator Starts for the
Island Suddenly on a Supposed
Tour of Inspection.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREKT. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 11.— Without
any previous announcement, Senator .Rcd
fleld Proctor of Vermont slipped out of
A Month's Test Free.
if you have Dyspepsia, write Dr. Shoop, Racine,
Wi*..bo5 137. for r\x bottles Dr.Ehoop'n Iteittora
tlve. Exp.^aid. fc'end no money. Pa>S5.S0 If cur*il*
G17THRIE, O. T.. March U.-lIrs. Mary
A. Thomas, apod 73 yenr*. was found dead
In her room this afternoon. She had b«on
dead about two days, according to waat
oouid l*e I^arpf-d by tiie Coroner's jury.
Hor face and head were horribly mut<
latod. There Ss no clew to the person or
persons who committed the crime.
WOMAN FOUND DEAD
WITH HEAD MUTILATED
King Edward, who nas for many vear3
held an exceptional position, involving *x
fhS,V°K al « x P endl t"re. His income; al
though not large whei: compared wi h
fl ha^ °£, som * P rlv -ite individuals, had suf
™l tl m v. t( l P S rform " ls duties in a man
coSntr^ Th» d n l^ e gratitude of the
fn ? Bn'irtT h °P ro P os a.'s would be framed
people? JUStlC * t0 the crown and
John Redmond, the Irish leader eav»
no - llce °' hI » intention to oppose all con^
slderation of the eubjtct until the Gov
a£ n ti"r2th&W e 1 . t0 al i er thtfmSSaFch?
anti-Catholic doctrine, known as the "no
popery" oath, but on Mr. Balfour'a an
«°^ ln ?J hat U was Proposed to appoint
S, n c n 0 . mml « to consider th G matter fed
mond withdrew his opposition for the
present.
The committee was then appointed.
BUTTE. Mont, March 11.— In an inter
view in the Inter Mountain this evening
A. A. Campbell of Pryor, who is in charge
of the Pryor Creek sub-agency on the
Crow reservation, states that there are
600 cases of smallpox in the vicinity of
Pryor and that strenuous efforts are be
ing made to stamp the disease out. He
asserts that Billings has forty cases of
the disease, and that with its own cases
and the reservation cases, the detention
hospital there has become so overcrowded
that hundreds of cases are being cared for
privately. The epidemic has reached a
point where the County Commissioners
have determined to erect a pesthouse near
Pryor. A singular fact in this connection
is that up to date not a single Indian has
contracted the disease.
"On Pryor Creek and the Crow reserva
tion about COO persons are quarantined,"
paid Mr. Campbell. "The first case broke
out In Timothy's camp two months ago.
Then the disease extended to McShane's
camp and soon afterward3 to O'Connor's.
As yet every case has been of a mild
character. Everything- possible Is being
done to keep the men from leaving work
and scattering smallpox throughout tho
State. The Indians were all taken up
Pryor Creep when the disease first broke
out. but now they will have to be moved,
as smallpox has made Its appearance on
the upper part of the reservation."
Although the Disease Is Prevalent Near Crow
Reservation the Indians Are Not Affected.
...
¦I«!T 1 i* y . e8terday On a sou th-bound train,
and It Is announced that he has gone to
members of the Sub-Committee on Mill
Affairs, of which heTchafrman^ap:
pointed to investigate charges ae-ilnst
Lieutenant Colonel H. A. S. HiestanJ In
connection with an alleged effort to « orm
monopoly in the Philippines This
««« mml w e S wa ? to hav e*held Us n?5t ses
sion Wednesday. The other memhpr*
SllMvJ ln'^ y W the flwt^mStfn™
will na\e to be deferred at least two
w §*».«"«l Senator Proctor wu?n s . °
Senator Proctor's visit to Cuba Is taken
J?ri?v an^^ tho .°2 mlnl8tra «on« S nffen"
tirely. satisfied with the official reports it
i s getting regarding tho sentiment on the
island toward the United States. Follow
ing the destruction of the Maine In MM
while war was impending. Proctor made
an extended tour of the island; reponed
in e-Ntenso to the President and later made
a speech in the Senate, detailing the con!
elusions he had- drawn from hlsinvesUg!
tions. It is helleved now that Proctor will
make a similar, investigation lor the ad"
£lt£ a a Vt OI Vi T . h «\ "Ports that a svsto
u.J^ a f nation is being carried on in the
kland do not accord with the dispatches
the \Yar Department has been receiving
from General Wood, the Military Gover^
nor. a 2 d H °ratio S. Reubens, w£o has ? a
civil ofllce under the military .government?
Death of Prominent Diver.
¦ NEW ORLEANS, March 11.—Ed war J
Conrad, one of the best-known dlvers'in
the South, died to-day. He recently' in
spected the .wreck of the battleship Maine
and recovered from under her part of thp
cable which had been evidently uaed'm
destroying the ship.. ¦'"
LONDON, March 11.- In the House of
Commons to-day Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, when mov
ing the appointment of a select commit
tee to consider the new civil list, con
veyed a hint that an Increase in the civil
list might be expected. He said that while
proposals were based en the late Queen
Victoria's civil list It must be remembered
that King Edward had a Queen Consort,
that he was not only King of the United
Kingdom, but the head of a world-wide
power.
In the previous reigns the Parliament
had been asked to pay the debts of tha
sovereign, but no such application was
ever made by Queen Victoria. The coun
try might look forward with confidence to
SIX HUNDRED SMALLPOX CASES
DISCOVERED IN MONTANA CAMPS
flc that buildings for blocks around were
shaken as if by an earthquake and hun
dreds of windows were shattered.
The building in which the explosion oc
curred was known as the old Waverley
Theater, and was built in 1ST7. Subse
quently it was remodeled and the rear
was used by the Volunteers of America,
while the small stores built out from the
w ings of the auditorium and facing on
Madison street were rented to shopkeep
ers. One of the stores was used as the
office of the Doremus laundry and
through this acceBs was had to the
laundry. It opens directly back of the
office, and In the southwest corner of
tho building the boiler was located. The
explosion lifted half of the roof of the
immense building mapy feet in the air,
and it fell directly back into the ruins
of tho building, carrying with it the por
tions of the brick walls that had not been
blown outward and burying under tons
of debris the unfortunate employes.
The wreckage near the boiler and in the
east part of the building at once took
lire and through the blinding clouds of
dust and smoke and escaping steam could
be seen, struggling men and women, some
of them half burled In wreckage, others
feebly endeavoring to climb. to some place
of safety, while from various parts of the
ruins came cries for help.
The Work of Rescue.
The Fire Department soon extinguished
the flames and the work of rescue began
at once. One by one the wounded and
bleeding girls were carried to nearby
stores where they were giyen hasty medi
cal attention, being then taken to hos
pitals In ambulances. The dead bodies
were conveyed to tho Morgue. In two
Instances the corpses were so frightfully
mangled that a clothes basket was used
to carry them out. At the Morgue the
bodies were identified by relatives.
Most of the dead were found in the east
end of the building; where the fire raged
the fiercest. Pinioned under tons of heavy
timbers, crushed and mangled almost be
yond identification, and In one or two in
stances half cooked, were found five of
the dead. The wreckage at this point
was so massed that the firemen had great
difficulty In working, and it will be
nightfall before the bottom of the mass
can be reached and the remaining dead,
if any more are in the ruins, recovered.
All of the dozen - or more little stores
attached to the Waverley Theater, facing
on Madison street, were wrecked by the
explosion, and in one of them, a'restau
rant owned by Peter Dean, one " of tho
fntalities Is supposed to have occurred.
The roar of the restaurant was almost
opposite the boiler. Dean, his wife and
two boys were eating breakfast at tho
time of the explosion,* which blew in the
rear wall of the little establishment, bury
ing the Dean family In the ruins. All were
extricated. *
Engineer Among the Victims.
A Madison-street cable train passing
the buildinsj at the time of the explosion
was almost lifted from the tracks . bv
the concussion, and the passengers were
thrown Into a panic but none were In
jured. •
IiUlie Olsen. one of the Injured girls.
w.i3 working nc-ir a window opening into
the laundry office. , She was picked up
bodily and hurled. through4ho window. to
the floor of the office. When she recov
ered consciousness she cried that her sis
ter was in the ruins, and it. took the com
bined efforts of three' officers to , prevent
the "frantic girl from rushing back Into
the smoklnR ruins.
The cause of the. explosion is a mys
tery, nnrl-as the engineer, Geor«o Diehl,
was killed, it may never be known. No
statement hns yet been obtained from
Proprietor Dnromus, who was no affected
by the disaster ns to .be . unable to KiVe
th«» pcuco much Information.
/JThehollcr. it Is raid, was an old one of
125 pounds pteam pressure, and was fl red
up at." o'clock. It Ir ptated'that the gas
usen was rr..inufactur<»<! on the premises
find thnt. a firr^^t deal of gasoline waa
pIfo, utillz-1. .Thi* may nccount in part
for the violence of the explosion. ,
John Redmond, the Irish Leader, Gives Notice of
Opposition, but Withdraws It for the Present.
Senator Elklns— I do not share in the
rather radical views of Professor Hadley
because of my confidence In the people of
this country. The Government is not con
centrated In Washington, but Is in the
hands of the people, and if trusts grow to
be such monsters of power so that they
AN ADDITIONAL ALLOWANCE
IS ASKED FOR KING EDWARD
threaten the republic with an empire. I
have every confidence that the people will
rob them of their power.
?w S ? na . to ?, Teller — Trusts will never have
their feelings hurt by public sentiment.
Only public laws, rigidly enforced, will
ever effect their soulless beings.
.^sr^ALL BUREAU. 14M G STREET.
/f T 1ST: W.. WASHINGTON. March 11.
IL^ * —The Washington papers of Sun-
day. had full column accounts of
the call made on the President last
Saturday by a California committee. JJot
only was the purpose of the visit set forth
as being to discuss the new plague report
affecting San Francisco, but purported de
tails of the Interview were- given, and It
was affirmed that no other subject en
gaged the attention of the President ana
the committee during their entire con
tact. ' . " ,,.
The Washington Times to-day follow*
the subject editorially, making the re
markable statement,- applied to San Fran
cisco, that there have been 40,000 cases of
the plague and 18,000 deaths since Novem
ber. To-day there have been made ex
hibits to the administration that were not
thought of by the Ca.lfornla committee,
to the effect that during the past year,
while existence of the plague in SanFran^
cisco has been charged by scientific men
who have no closer acaualntance with'the
disease than In books and pictures, San
Francisco has been ir.ore healthy than
usual, with no excess in the" death rate
and a specially low death rate in China
town, where the scientific eye has founO
the plague to be exclusively confined.
President and Cabinet Coming." '
A little face to face cornmon sense some
times amounts to more than a deal of long
range science, and this bit of vital sta
tistics makes the extravagant statement of
the Times look like bubonic journalism.
That the President Is not In the slightest
degree alarmed by plague rumors is
shown by the pending preparations for
his trip to California, during which ho
will spend more time In San Francisco
than elsewhere on the coast. This sub
ject was not discussed with the bubonic
committee. The President will be accom
panied by the entire Cabinet, except At
torney General Grlggs, who will retire as
soon as his successor can be decided uprm.
" The party will go out by a southern and
return by a northern route, taking In the
Yellowstone Park. It is intended to make
the trip a sort of useful official inspection
of the country. Some of the secretaries
have never made the grand tour of the
Union and are glad to combine a holiday
with a work day. -by coming in contact
with the coast interests with which they
are concerned.
To Yos?mite and Big Trees.
It Is known here to-day that the Fed
eral officers in California are proposing a
programme supplementary to that ar
ranged by the other committee, as to
which they were not consulted. They will
offer the tntlre party &• trip to the Yo
semite Valley, going in by Raymond and
coming out by Big Oak Flat. This will
give the President an-J Cabinet not only
the pleasure of seeing the greatest scenery
in the world, but of inspecting two of the
big tree groves, the Marlposa and Cala
veras, and of seeing the forest reserva
tions about which the Secretary cf tre
Interior is continually pestered by sheop
men who want it ooen for grazing. The
Secretary desires the opportunity to con
trast the condition of the forest and its
floor within the reservations with the con
ditions in the open forest. The Federal
officers* plan is llkdiy ta be quite popular,
as there is more real holiday In a moun-
The published reports of the existence of ba
>K»nlo plague in San Francisco should excite no
alarm there or In the country at large The
plague is not epidemic there, And I do not be
lieve it will be. I would feel as safe living In
San Francisco as in "Washington. The traveling
and business public can communicate as safely
with San Franciico to-day as a year ago. The
Treasury Department is fully advised of th«
situation and speaks with confidence In deny
ing that any occasion for alarm exists on ac
count of health conditions in San Francisco
Any statement that the Treasury Department
or surgeon general's department has taken
charge of th« health affairs In San Francisco
is absolutely and unqualifiedly false.
Assistant Secretary Spauldlng also gave
out a statement as follows:
California is doing her duty; she has no
epidemic now and never had; there has not
been a report of a supposed case of, plague for
twenty-three days, and the death rate in China
town is now the lowest It has b»en for tea
years.
Some disputes having arisen between the au
tnoritlr* ne to the health conditions In Califor
nia and the quarantine at San Francisco, a
commission was appointed by Governor Gase
and Mayor Phelan to confer with the health
autnoritiesr at Washington. Meetings have be»n
heM with Secretary of the Treasury Lytnan J.
Gage. Assistant Secretary of the Treasury O
L. Spauldinjr and Surgeon General W'yman. at
which it was elicited that no single case of dls-
had ever been found in California of the
bubo-pneumonic type-, and that all cases exam
ired (none belnr of white people) were of a non
contagious character. The FedeTal authorities
have expressed themselves as amply satisfied
that California is able to protect the other
States of the Union and herself from any
species of epidemic, and. Instead of a condition
existing that calls for Federal interference, the
report of the surgeon general's office now In
San Francisco is in hearty accord with the city
anri State health authorities.
WASHINGTON, March ll.-In view of
the persistent reports that bubonic
plague existed in San Francisco the Treas
ury Department some weeks ago appoint
ed a committee of experts to examine into
and report upon the situation there. That
report has been received at the Treasury
Department, but the authorities are not
disposed to make it public at this time.
Almost simultaneously with the receipt of
the report a delegation of prominen? citi
zens of San Francisco arrived here and
have since had a number of conferences
with treasury officials in regard to the
matter. This committee gave out ths fol
lowing statement:
and Other States of Union.
California Able to Protect Hersalf
FALSE BEPOBTS NAILED.
tain trip than in social functions in the
city.
TUCSON. March 11.— Burt Alvord. the
notorious train robber, has crossed the
line into Mexico and is makins his war
to the Sierra Madre. The two posse* have
given up the pursuit and are returning
home. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Outlaw Alvord Eludes Posses.
PEKING, March ll.-The funeral of
Captain Richard B. Paddock of the Sixth
United States cavalry, who died Satur
day at Tientsin, was held to-day. It was
an inspiring spectacle. Representatives of
the British headquarters staff and of ev
erx British regiment were present as well
as a troop of Bengal lancers. No other
foreigners participated.
Funeral of Captain Paddock.
PRESIDENT McKINLET, WHO. WITH MEMBERS OF HIS CABINET IS I
MAKING PREPARATIONS FOR HIS COMING TRIP TO THE GOLDEN '
STATE.
NEW YORK. March 11.— The
speech of President Hadley of
Yale at Boston last night has
caused v/ldcspread comment.
That portion of the noted edu
cator's address which has aroused the
greatest attention was:
"We shall have an emperor In Wash
ington within twenty-five yearB unless we
can create a public sentiment which, re
gardless of legislation, will regulate the
trusts."
William J. Bryan ia one of those who
shares President Hadley's views In regard
to imperial tendencies. He said.:
"The sentiment of 90 per cent of the
people is against horse-stealing, but that
would not have the slightest effect upon
the horse itself if it was not enacted into
a law against horse-stealing. There
might be an overwhelming preponderance
of public Eentiment against trust monop
olies, but the manager of this sort of a
rr^>nopoly would have no trouble In find
11: plenty of his own kind to agree with
h'n and public sentiment would bo of no
avail against trusts. Public sentiment
must be expressed in laws to be power-
VashiXGTOX. March lL-Only a few
Senators are willing to bo quoted upon
the assertion of President Hadley 'of
Yale that an Emperor would govern the
United States within twenty-five years
unless seme method of curbing trusts
were found. Here they are:
Senator Mark Hanna — Professor Hadley
seems to state his views at some length,
but they are simply opinions of an imprac
tical man. Further comment is unneces
sary.
WASHINGTOX, March 11.— The long
expected answer from the British Gov
ernment to the State Department's com
munication reciting the action of the Sen
ate upon the Hay-ruuncefote treaty was
leiurned at noon to-day.
Lord Paur.ecfote, the British Embassa
dor, had already acquainted Secretary
Hay with the fact that he had received
a communication from his Government
on the subject, and it had been in his
ixissession for several days. Secretary
liay had acquired a general knowledge
of the character of lhe' liriiish response.
Iyird Fauncefote went to the State De
partment at noon by appointment. He
tock the at;s\ver witn him and sent it to
Secretary Hay. It was in the form of
an instruction from .Lord Lansdowr.e, the
British Minister of Foreign Affairs, to
Lord Piiuncefote, and of these instruc
tions he left a copy with Secretary liay.
The Secretary and the Embaseador were
closeted for hall an' hour. At the conclu
sion of the conference it was stated that
the instruction to Lord Pauncefote was
to notify the Government of the United
States that the British Government did
not see its way clear to the acceptance of
the Senate amendments.
The British answer is long, as such
documents go. ajid would make about
two newspaper columns. The tone of the
reply is distinctly friendly throughout,
particularly so in the concluding assur
ances of good will and a desire to co
operate In the realization of the under
taking. !
Amendments Are Eejectsd.
Although the text is withheld, it Is
understood that the answer takes up the
three amendments made by the Senate
end presents the difficulties in the way
of asf-iining to them. As to the amend
ment whicti struck out all that clause of
the treaty inviting other maj-ltime na
tions to concur in the neutralizing of tho
canal, the British view is that while the
I'nited States and Great Britain can bind
themselves by treaty to neutralize the
canal, they cannot make this action bind
ing on all other governments, unless these
governments consent.
As to the entire abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty as provided by one of
the Senate amendments. It appears to be
the British view that such a step is too
far-reachirs to be taken until each side of
the case is presented.
The so-called Davis amendment appears,
however, to be the chief obstacle in the
way of an agreement, and while the Brit
ish answer makes no suggestion of any
further negotiation it seems to be a fair
inference from its general tenor that if a
modification of this amendment could be
secured there could probably be an ad
justment upon the other points of differ
ence. A reading of the answer makes
plain that while it does not make counter
propositions, or propose further action,
yet it does not preclude such action by
laying down a course which will be ad
hered to without the slightest deviation.
On the contrary, the answer takes the
form of an argument tending to show
that the amendments proposed by the
Senate do not fairly consider the various
liritish interests involved and that for
that reason they cannot be accepted in
the form presented. There is nothing per
emptory in the tone of the answer.
Two Years of Negotiation.
The Hay-Pa uncefote negotiations have
been in progress for something over two
years, and. owing to the great interests
involved, they Lave constituted the lnter
rational question at issue before the
State Department. The treaty was signed
prior to the opening of the Fifty-sixth
Congress, and was submitted to the Sen
ate in December, 1S93. It at once encount
ered opposition in that body, but, after
pome delay, was finally ratified after sev
tr.il amendments had been adopted.
The chief issue was tnade on what was
known as the Davis amendment. While
in terms this did not pive the United
States a right to fortify the canal, yet in
peneral language it expressed the" right of
this country to adopt such measures in re
gard to the canal as were deemed,neces
pary for the proper maintenance of Amer
ican authority. After extended debate in
executive pension two other amendments
wore adopted and the treaty was ratified
as amended. The other two amendments
abrogated the Oayton-Bulwer treaty and
rtruck out the provision of the treaty
which invited other foreign governments
to express their approval of it.
As the amendments created conditions
¦w-hici. the British Government had not
concurred in when the original treaty was
made it was necessary to present the in
strument in its amended form to that
Government for its approval. It is under
stood that one moving consideration in
the minds of the British statesmen who
considered the answer to be made was
that th«ir determination affected not only
Groat Britain and her interests in g-eneral
but all the maritime nations of Europe
and of the world at large, as the complete
neutralizing: of the rarsal under the terms
of the treaty would have the effect of con
ferring: the same ripht* and usage to Ger
many. France and other nations that were
enjoyed by Great Britain. It was rather
in the character of trustee for the mari
time nations that the amended treaty was
considered.
Feared a Loss of Bights.
Furthermore, an important considera
tion was piven to the effect of the new in-
Ftrumfint in completely wiping: out the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty and the rights
Great Hrita'n claimed under that docu
ment. Some of the British ftatesmen held
there shculd be a quid pro quo if British
claims under the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
¦were surrendered. It was also held that
Great Britain had certain vested rights
in Central America which had given place
to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, so that if
the treaty was to b<» succeeded by some
thing less substantial, then the old vested
rights of Great Britain were obliterated
without any adequate return.
The effect of the British answer cannot
be to restore the life of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty, as far as now appears. . That
document had a distinct limitation within
which it could be ratified, and no doub
seemed to exist among officials that the
period expired when the Senate adjourned.
The answer is chiefly important, there
fore. In raakinj? clear the attitude of the
British Government along-side the attitude
of the American Government. With the
two poFitions thus clearly defined it re
mains to bo poen whether the United
Btn.tr* Government will carry on euch
further negotiations as may reconcile dif
ferences and bring about a common
ground of action.
CANAL MAY BE CONSTRUCTED.
Senator Morgan Expects That Great
Britain Will Remain Passive.
WASHINGTON. March 11.— Senator
Morgan of Alabama, father of the Nlcar
apua Canal project in Congress, in eom
m^ntlnpr upon the action of Great Britain
in rejecting the amended Hay-Pauncefote
tr«»Biy. paid to-nisht:
"If it ia true, as I hope it is. that our
canal rights In Nicaragua and Costa
Ilira. Brqtiirert I*5t December by compact
between the United States and these re
publics, will not become a subiect of ne
potiationp on the initiative of Great Brit
ain, w«> shall proceed quietly to construct,
own and control the canal, and Great
Britain will be left to make her objections
In puch form as she may chooae."
Further Negotiation Is Not Proposed,
but the Reply Does Not Preclude
th.e Possibility of an
Agreement.
Senate Amendments on Canal
Treaty Are Courteously
Rejected.
BRITAIN SENDS
A MILD REFUSAL
Federal Officials Here Are Arranging a Trip
to Yosemite and Big Tree Groves.
PLANS OF THE PRESIDENT
FOR VISIT TO CALIFORNIA
(Continued from First Page.)
LONDON, March 12.— The Times has
received the following from Bloemfonteln:
Boers who have surrendered here say
that Steyn in a recent speech at Philllp
opolls, admitted that there was no chance
of regaining the country.
A special from .Cape Town says: A
court martial has sentenced to fleath two
rebels connected with the recent wrecking
of a train at Taalbosch. Others . con
cerned in the crime were condemned Uo
various terms of Imprisonment. \: . ',
The Times publishes the following dis
patch from Aasvogelkop, March 9:
General Dewet has escaped . northward by a
forced march with 40© men. Hl« objective
point is believed to be the vicinity of Kroon
stadt.
Four other Boer leaders are still In the
routhwestern part of Oranee Hlver Colony.
rsow that General Dewet Is back in bU coun
try it win be almost Impossible to. operate
against him.- Just so soon as he is pressed his
commando dissolves, to meet again a few
days later. ••¦••• ..........
Only a few bands or Boers are now left in
Cape Colony. ¦ . .
Awaiting Botha's Surrender.
A Pretoria special says: The result of
the negotiations between Lord Kitchener
and General Louis Botha Is" anxiously but
hopefully awaited. The presence of Sir
Alfred Milner in Pretoria to consult with
Lord Kitchener Is expected to hasten the
change from the military to the civil ad
ministration.
A special from Lourenzo MarqueB says:
General Botha Is willing to surrender.
He asked an armistice In order to com
municate with General Dewet and Steyn.
Should they decline, it ia believed, never
theless, that General Botha will, surren
der. The BoeT8 have no artillery am
munition and are buying all their, guns.
The railway from Lourenzo Marques to
Pretoria Is practically clear of Boers.
General Colville's Blunder. ,
In the Houso of Commons yesterday
Charles Macklnnon Douglas, Liberal,
moved for an inquiry regarding the re
tirement of Major General Colville, who
was sent home from South Africa by
Lord Roberts for inefficiency In the field.
Broderick, Secretary of War, replied
that the motion compelled him to eay
things he would prefer to leave unsaid;
but that he would - tell the house the
whole truth. After declaring that he had
nothing to apologize for In the course the
War Office had taken, he proceeded to
criticize General Colville's conduct. He
said:
At Sanna's Post, he said, General Colville
blundered or maneuvered about until his force
was weary, while the Boers carried off guns
unmolested. Lord Roberts thought Colonel
L*roadwood did right, although General Col
ville took exception to Colonel Broadwood's
behavior. General Colville left Colonel Broad
v/ood and his shattered force severely alone
and marched his troops In another direction.
Ho showed a lack of enterprise which lost
him the confidence of Lord Roberts.
Lord Roberts, however, postponed his decis
ion until h» could be fully Informed. Then
came the unfortunate Lumlsy surrender, for
which General Colville was blamable. as he
ought to have attempted to effect relief.
I consulted Lord Roberts regarding the Gib
raltar command and I had no alternative after
the advice rrom Lord Roberts and Sir Evelyn
Wood. I gave General Colville an opportunity
to resign, but he Insisted upon being removed.
I consider General Colville has b*en treated
more leniently than If he had been court
martialed. Kvery possible pressure has been
brought to bear in his favor, but so lone as
I hold office I shall not give way to such
clamor.
HARVEST OF DEATH
DUE TO EXPLOSION
Former President of Free
State Says Boers Cannot
Regain Country.
Escaped.
— "> ¦ ' !
Negotiations for the Surrender of
Botha Continue, but it "Would
Appear That Dewet Has .
STEYN ADMITS
CAUSE IS LOST
Senator Hanna Scoffs at the Prediction There
Will Be an Emperor at Washington.
HADLEY'S TALK CAUSES
WIDESPREAD COMMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, TUIGSDAIT, MAKCH 12, 190
SSS« T - HADLEY OF TALE UNIVERSITY. WHO PRE
DICTS THAT THERE WILL BE AN EMPEROR IN WASHINGTON
WITHIN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS UNLESS TRUSTS ARE REGULATED
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IcSlAFFKOii
(Formerly with the California Furn!t ur ,
Company).
The Only Exclusive Carpet House o a
the Coast. \
THE LARGEST DEALERS CY
Bigelow
Axminster,
The most beautiful and desirable o|
all Carpets.
Patterns Arc AH Our Ppivato
Designs
And can be purchased nowhere ehe.
Before purchasing call and inspect
our immense stock of Carpets, Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc., of every grac!«
and lowest possible prices.
. ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
ackermaFs kohn,
Exclusive Carpeters.
Starr King Building, 123 Geary street.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifieen Days
1 "Gran-SolTent" dissolve* Stricture like snow ts»
scath tbe inn, redacts Enlarged ProitaM an«
Strengthens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aasl
Emissions In Fifteen D,it».
Mo drnn to ruin tho stotnaen. but* direct local
s,nd posture application to the entire nretbral tract
Or&n-SolTent Is not a liquid, It ls prepared !•
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flezIU*
ajsd so narrow m to pass tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tne St. James Assn., Box SS4, Cincinnati. 0.. bat
prepared at great expense an exbanst* s» p|s> m ¦
Fre Illustrated Treatise upon tbe m»:« LULLI
System, wblch tb»r wlU send to *ny | II LL •
Bale applicant, IIIUU1
ST. JAMES ASSN., ""g&Ska^
OT IT
The best opportunity yet offered in
OIL. For a few dollars' I can out you
in a new company, on the ground floor.
JAS. 8. T. MERSHON,
537, 638, 539, 550 Parrott Building:,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Memter of Son - Francisco Oil Kxchar.gr-.
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges In my office.
World Famous Marlani Tonic
Its good effects are immediate ani
lasting. It is also very palatable, agree-
able to the taste and acceptable to tlis
most delicate stomach*
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IS THE VAULTS OF THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AfiO TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST $5.00 PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WITT THEN TVORBT OVER THE SAFE
KEEPING OF TOUR VALUABLES
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Comer California and Montgomery Streets.
DR.MEYERS&CO. ,JpH%
Specialists, Disease <15^' « '
and weakness of nK
men- Established «Jw x
1SSL Consultation n^i i^5
and private book \%% * \
free, at office or by -W^*?-
mall. Cures euar- Sj r
ket street (elevator N^dlffl
entrance). San A \ , l2S$#L
$10^feSUPTURE: CUBED
for TEM DOLJLAPS.
t^*?<£3S£$£S35s& > £ Thoimrids b\Y* **•? n eurM
r-£»P*vS?T£r'VJ' r 'Ate' »t their own home* for this
*J^f~2Hfi J b^Sg*-^ tty »nd comfort to tl:« ru>
<yjgjoJC3£iI 8fSE,^jm t* tured. No worth>*!i«3!TM
>^ '"-»¦! lj &t n^fr*r"~^ or lotions to rub on. It does
..« .. _ **^*^e^^ ttko work. inT^tiffnt? •
"BoaktnTn. 1" ttlTliur fall Information mailftUlinmedK
stflT on receipt 2c. stamp and this adTf. rail or »<1<irf«s
MACXETIC TRUSS CO. «-'» *"*«t str»*i, £Afl FSAICISCO.
¦ ¦ : — ¦ ¦ __
J>*jt&&t3?£^»n n bi? p b a non-pci»cnota
Oleet. Spermatorrha*!
jp'MRj'la 1 t*iJ».T».%| Whlt "*- uunaturil dlj.
fi\f*W Onirasued {J chargr , or »nr inSn<7im&-
g^»g oot i» auieiort. tion, i ritation or ckera-
jP*^?refenM contajlon. tlon .f cincoua n«a-
KolTKtEvAtsCHEMlCuCa. *> r 3n«- Non-astrin?ent.
» D „ rular ecat oa redact
6c. uverccats and
valt»»<on»CK!'q rr»*»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Llst3 Maibi
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IR Vt.
JC XL II CAV X- m SCO Uattery Street.
•L- trlLStil Ci UJ • Telephone Main 1SSL
COPPERSMITH.
ff SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
L« W» Sil 111. Ship Work a specialty. IS and
13 Washington rt. Telephon* Main &64I. .
FRSSH AND SALT MSATS.
I4C RliVt'% T<) Shipping Cutchew. IN
J A>. DU I C3 S C J- c:ay. Tel. Main IKi
oils!
lubricating oils. lhonaro & elli3,
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 171X
f FklMTlND.
Ef iniUrTSC PRINTER.
W» llliUU'.J. sil Pansome «t.. S. F.
PtfliTHV"*. BO-K»ilNuE«j.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
13 First "treet. San Francisco.
STAT1ONEW AND P«l.NTE«.
PA2TR1DGE ™g££*
To Cure a Cold in One Day. '
Take Laxttlve Uromo Quinine, Tablets. All
diucslsts refund the money if it 'fails to cuie
E. \\. Grove's signature 1* on each box ISc. •
The Grip Cure That Does Cure." —
Laxative Dromo-Quinine removes the cause. •
I Is pronounced by those § RtF* \^
ff who have used it to be "the / »
1 perfect food beverage." I CEREALJ
I 54% choice California \ COFFEE J
1 • figs and prunes, scientific-
I ally blended with 46% well V>*^
I ripened grain makes a drink that has all the
I v^^***^*^^ satisfying qualities of coffee
VTJ-54j« / am * tea and none of their
r Frui t V disadvanta e cs - ¦'&/.
a >»§ y€T &/ fl Boil from 5 to /O minutes only
\ : ¦ ¦ \ff'-U / O i ALL GROCERS SELL
I ' Fisprune Cereal.
¦V ! ? TI 1'"' rg *1 i ' a/: ***'- lu -,' : 'r 11 ¦' ii*i'7TCJCaiiiVar^__ - . — . «ji.jd
.. .;.•.'. r>- ¦.-¦ ¦¦•.'.. ' ..... - 1 .'. ' T '/"""' V| iiiirni* »¦••Artesian Wells Spouting-.
SAN JOSE, March ll.-For the first
time in five years J the artesian wells of
the valley ; commenced 7 spouting to-day.
Kxperts way -that -should -the rainfall ; for.
the next four years be below the average.
the farmers and «orchardists could still
obtain enough from their wells for Irri
gating purposes. • \ "
SITISITX. March 11.— A team of horses
and a sprinjj wagon belonging- to John
F. Casey, a farmer living near town, were
stolen here yesterday afternoon. Casey
drove to town and left the team hitched
on the main street. When he returned In
a short time the rig- was pone. Casey re
ported his loss to the officers, but they
aft first thought some one was pl2ylnc a
practical joke on him. When th<» rip had
rot been returned this mornlnc, Consta
ble Downing took the track of- the thief
and captured him and recovered the team
and wagon at Good Year station, near
Penicla. to-day
Captures a Horsethief.
Training Ship Floated.
WASHINGTON, March U.-Word has
reached the Ndvy Department that the
training ship Dixie, which has been
aground for over a week past at Mary
land Point in the lower Potomac, was
successfully floated yesterday morning.
Fears for an Ocean Liner.
ST. JOHN'S, N. F.. March 11.— The Fur
nesa liner Ulunda, which left Liverpool,"
February, 23, for St. Johns, has not yet ar
rived and it is fearuJ, that some accident
has befallen her. WmsM
EIG EAILEOAD DEAL
o I, SAID TO BE ARRANGED
Illinois Central . Reported in New
- York to Be Securing Control of
Wisconsin Central.
CHICAGO, March 11.— The Tribune to
morrow, will say: The air was thick yes
terday; with rumors of gigantic railway,
deals and. combinations. Of these was a
report ; that the Illinois Central had se
cured, or -was about .to secure, control
of the "Wisconsin Central. It was claimed
that certain large stockholders of the
Illinois Central had bought privately a
majority of Wisconsin Central preferred
stock and , were assured of . a . controlling
Interest in the common. These purchases,
it was claimed, would be turned into Illi
nois Central as a corporation and thus
give the latter a line from St. Paul to
New Orleans.
mOdenljT took to his heels and jumped
on a ;>aj«slng car.
On another occasion. Mrs. Hancock
claims, she caujjht her husband and his
fair one in the parlor? of the Hancock
House, on Minion Btreet, and -that a
wordy war ensued. Hancock promised to
pive Mrs. WVstoott up. but the wife
claims he returned to her fide in a few
<1pv«.
on July 23. 1900. while Mrs. ¦\Y><=teott was
in Serttie. Hancock wrote to her as fol
lows, in prose ami poetry:
I am r<> gla<l you enjoyed the trip and have
DOt t"lt tor one mement the altogether frlend-
Uks furling that I have had for the last ten
<".ay*. • • • I felt laFt night like a lost soul;
o?curation pone, no one to care whither I
drifted. I assure you I would go mad if I
could not banish you from my mind and I
hsi to live like this fcr two months. No. I
v-ouH rathf-r hear that you had gone and left
m ¦ . : \»'-"£ :
* And after recalling memories of past oc
<-urrentes between them, the writer drops
into pcf-try and says:
"At right I rit zrA Cream of Cay«
¦\Yhrn you were- always near."
<It "'".--¦ as !f I had been left alone so much
longer) .
I would I kn«>w where you can be. I trust
your h»>srt is still the same, because I love
ynu. oh I.c-1, I do love you with all ray heart
forever. I cannot think of anything el»e, and
rva yrra l^sve me when I live over In reverie
the *iapi>y hours and times we have spent in
ra?h other'* company, find you kr.ow you
r.evcr wa« quite fo charmir.j;, lovable. Intense
or us convincing as the last evening we spent
5n Lou- Anpelcs.. VCh«*n we went to Santa,
K2rl>ara how rtrongly you ltrpre«9ed me.
'Tut do thy worst to FteaJ thyself away,
For term cf life thou art assured mine.
>.ri<J love no loncer than that hour will *tay.
F"or it depends uj»on that 3lfe of thine."
If you v.-art to satiate yourself with love
In ci! iti noo'J* and tenses read Shakespeare's
Your loving ROKERT.
In another letter written to Mrs. ¦West
cott in Seattle Hancock writes in the fol
lowing f train:
V/as busy crttlng ready In afternoon for
Ttj«r»Hia.y *-v<? as I am eoing: to take* the third
.-, r-ii-« you have no idea how it makes me
'."'¦\ at peace with all the world for the real
ization that I have the most impressing, the
mort delirately poised and sensitive *weet
hrart thnt demand* and commands every en
(• t f and unnfcrefar)' impulse for her and
bier alone, end best of all he finds bo much
I'.easure In devoting himself in aid for her
that he finds more pleasure In rlvlnjr than she
rto*-* in .reoejvin*. Isn't that you experience,
I>>1? if i had received your letter before tho
train I woyld have been on the train even if
t> (Donaldfcn) was there alro. Can you un
"VCaAtioa ««* SA °I jnoX inanbot» *ou. ptmsjap
f-a me la ThM letter? I can only answer thnt
Utter in person— to feel that words are Inade
quate.
Lei. you sweetheart 4c»r, let me know right
away how the land lies. I want to nee you sc
bad. Till then au revoir. Your ROBERT.
"Wife Secures Telltale Letters.
¦ Mrs. Hancock reelte3 In her complaint
how Mr. Donaldson, a brother-in-la^ 1 '
of Mrs. Westcott, called upon her with a
bundle of her husband's letters to tho
church Finder and turned them-over, stat
ing his reason for doing so that he wished
to Break up the illicit relations between
the pair.
The alleged adultery of her husband Is
averred as the cause of much mental
anguish and suffering to Mrs. Hancock,
and the fact of his having left his home
pome months ago* fonrs the basis of ask
ing for an allowance of JGOO per month
and a division of th»j property, together
with counsel's fees. Mrs. Ha'ncock yes
terday prayed for a restraining order to
prevent her husband Viom selling- or dis
posing of any of his holdings, and Judge
Dunne issued a temporary order, and on
March 15 Hancock will have to show causo
why the order should not be made per
manent- . . •
Hancock yesterday stated that he had
allowed- his wife to draw $400 per month
since he left his homo. /~ month aeo he
ask«>d her not to draw the full amount,
as he- had S373 to pay for Daintlng and
decorating the -.home at S2S Eroderlck
street.. Mrs. Hancock insisted on draw-
Inc the $400. and her husband then or
dered his agent not to pay her anything
unless she presented an order from him
(Hancock). The wife since then has re
fused to see her husband or communicate
with him in any manner.
Mrs. Westcott .has !)ten staying at 109S
Pine street with her little son. She loft
the house yesterday afternoon, but did
not take any of her belongings with her,
and it was impossible to locate her last
nieht. Hancock claimed that Mrs. West
cott had left town for a few days.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, March 11.— A gang of coun
terfeiters and moonshiners has been
routed in Clifton, near the New Mexico
lire, and six men have been captured
and imprisoned. \ The rest of the gang,
whese leader is unknown, has left camp
for the San Francisco Mountain fast
nesses of- Xorthern- Arizona. - - -
United States District Attorney Robert
E. Morrison left Phoenix this morning,
after the receipt of a telegram from Cllf
:ton announcing thb Important capture,
going to Clifton to prosecute the captives
and look Into the c6unterfcitlng situation
of Graham County. The counterfeiters of
Arizona have been flooding that section
with bogus dollar?, until quite a percent
age of the money in circulation Is bogus.
They have made no attempt to use cheap
metal, but adhere rigidly to silver of tho
usual coin composition, being satisfied
with a profit of something like 100 per
cent In case of exchanging bad for lawful
coin.
The gang routed in Clifton are simply
agents, for a much iarger combination,
which has a rendezvous in the Luna Val
ley, in the San Francisco Mountains. In
this almost inaccessible spot, cattle rus
tlers, bandits and murderers have fouuu
a safe retreat for years, successfully hold-
Ing off the advance guard of civilization.
Robert McCIutcheon. a cowboy of Mc
renet. recently made » bold trip into the
outlaw country and joined the gang for
the purpose of learnlnr of it? retreats, atwl
was fortunate enough to return with his
life. He says that the Mexicans and.ren
egades are busy, counterfeiting when not
on marauding expedition; and that there
Is considerable illicit distilling.
It Is not believed much of the moon
shine whisky finds Us way out of the val
ley, but there, is reason .-to. believe that
Eastern agents have contracted for mow
or less- of the counterfeit, money struck
by the outlaws.
Six Members of an Arizona
Band Are Captured at
registered under an assumed name, but
her Identity soon became known, and she
made no secret of the object of her com
ing. She is the wife of the Rev. W. II.
Springfield, the eloping parson of Spar
tansburg, Pa., who recently located
at Woodbridge. in this county, where he
Is living with his niece, Mrs. Springfield
will at once bring suit for divorce. She
makes sensational allegations against her
husband, in addition to the charge of in
fidelity, accusing him and their niece of
attempting to railroad her into an Insane
asylum.
Mrs. Springfield is a woman of pleasant
appearance an.l manner, and evidently a
person of education and refinement. She
says that when she married Springfield he
was not in the ministry and had little
money. She gave him $1700. with which
he purchased a farm. Later he sold the
GANG OF COINERS
COMES TO GRIEF
from Mrs. Springfield, who said she be
lieved her husband had -murdered her
niece. Miss Mary Kershow. for her money.
It was soon found that' the man arrested
was not Springfield, who was later ' lo
cated on a little fruit farm near Wood
bridge, two- miles- from here.- He was
making his home with Miss Kershow,
who owned the property, he managing It.
Springfield at that time told a tale differ
ing altogether from that of . his wife's.
He claimed she was an adventuress, was
of unsound mind, had tried to kill the
niece and at various times had attempted
to rob her of several thousand dollars"
worth of Government bonds. So greatly
was he persecuted, he claimed, that he
was forced to resign from the ministry.
"1 married the woman at Denton.- Long
Island, two years ago," said he. "She Is
an adventuress, as I know now,- though I
thought her a good woman, at the time.
She told me shortly after our marriage
that she thought I was wealthy or she
never would have married me."
Says Charges Are Ridiculous.
It was throur i a marriage bureau
friend, claimed the ex-minister, that he
first met Mrs. Springfield, then a widow
named McGregor.
"She proved to be profane, vulgar and
coarse," continued Springfield. "Before
we finally parted she said she would drive
me out of the pulpit If she could. That
is what she Is trying to do now. I believe
it is partly a blackmailing scheme, but I
have done no wrong, attempted to conceal
nothing and am ready to fa^e these
charges and prove how utterly false and
ridiculous they are."
Rev. Mr. Springfield was in Lodi to-day
and transacted some business In an office
next door to the quarters of an attorney
where his vengeful wife was at the time
arranging her plan of action. Neither
was aware of the presence cf the other
and they did not meet.
DEATH RIDES
WITH THE STORM
Sixteen Persons Lose Life
in a BlAzird Sweeping
Arkansa-s.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 11.—Re
ports from over the State show that the
storm of Saturday arid Sunday was far
greater than yesterday's reports Indicat
ed. Thus far] there are sixteen deaths
reported. a<4 follow?: Miss Gus Rufe,
Hammett; John Turner, boy. Pine Prairie;
J. A. Wooley, Newcastle; Pinkey Wat
son, colored, and infant. Becks; Mrs.
Mollfe Davis, Rock Hill: Osnier Roberts,
aged 13, Reck Hill; Charles Dowling,
near Paragould.
Seven miners at Huntlngton are report
ed to nave been caught in a Hooded mine.
John Fitzgerald, Bconeville, was drowned
in a swollen creek. At Greenway a dozen
buildings were razed. Great damage was
done at Osceola and Paragould.
CHICAGO, March 11.— Late this after
noon the Northwest was still cut off from
telegraph and telephone communication
with the rest of the world. The sleet
storm, which was the worst ever experi
enced In this section, accompanied by a
northeast gale, leveled practically all
wires between Chicago and St. Paul. The
telegraph companies without exception
reported absolute inability to handle tho
briefest message for. that section, and
news service to papers throughout Wis
consin, and portions of Iowa and Minne
sota was limited to a report transmitted
by mail -and express. -
AH railroads suffered almost complete
paralysis ofy telegraph service. The Chi
cago and Northwestern lost about thir
teen miles of poles and wires, chiefly in
Wisconsin, and the Chicago. Milwaukee
and St. Paul puttered greatly, although
there was no serious delay to the run
ning of trains. . . ¦/
PRESTON. .. Kan.. March 11.— Daniel
Jones, a farmer, was frozen to death last
night on the prairie during the blizzard.
Network of Transportation
Lines for Humboldt
. County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, March- 11.— Filed- with the
County Clerk this morning were the ar
ticles of Incorporation of an Immense
railway, telegraph and telephone scheme,
which, when carried Into effect, will
cover Humboldt with a network of rails
and wires.
The new company, ¦which will be known
as tho Humboldt Railroad Company, was
Incorporated by A. B. Hammond, G. W.
Fenwick, William G. Gosslln, H. L. Wal
den and M. J. Ward, all of the Eureka
and Klamath River Railroad • Company
and the Vance Redwood Lumber Com
pany. The capital stock Is 12,000,000, di
vided into 20,000 shares, of which 2497
shares, valued at $249,700, have been sub
scribed for, A. 13. Hammond owning 2193
shares.
It is the intention of the company to lay
ralls from the Junction of the Eel River
with the south fork of Eel River,' near
(Dyerville, in a 'northwesterly direction,
passing through Eureka, Arcata and
Trinidad to Crescent City. Branches will
be run into different bodies ' of redwood
timber and will tap the heart of the dairy
district.
! The estimated length of the main line is
133 miles and of the branches 92 miles,
while the telegraph and telephone lines
will make a total of 227 miles. »
niece. She attempted to break up the in
fatuation, and then It was. she alleges,
that her husband and Miss Kershow
spread the statement that she was insane
and attempted to have her placed In an
asylum. This was while Springfield was
pastor ;of the Baptist churches at Spar
tansburg and Centerville, Pa., more than
a year ago.
Soon afterward the family left Pennsyl
vania for the West. At Oklahoma City
they began an overland journey in a prai
rie schooner. Once out on the rolling
prairie, she declares, the conduct of her
husband grew more scandalous than ever.
He and Miss Kershow would sit on the
only seat in the wagon, leaving the wife
to sit behind, v;ith her feet hanging over
the end of the wagon. When she remon
strated and asked to be permitted to ride
on the seat for a: change, her husband
would advise her to get on* and walk. This
she was compelled to do over many weary
miles of rough country. To supply funds
for the journey Mrs. Springfield had sold
her piano for ?150. - This money went by
degrees until, -when/. she decided she could
no longer remain 'With her husband and
Miss Kershow, she had but K0 left. Sick,
worn out and seeing that the pair were
attempting to rid themselves of her in
every way possible, she says, she left
them at Rawlins. There she took passage
for Chicago. Since then she has been on
the lookout for Springfield, and finally lo
cated him, through her Eastern attorney.
Judge Scott of Chicago, at Woodbridge,
by means of a decoy letter, sent to her
niece.
Aided by Lodge Women.
Mrs. Springfield was assisted In ferret
ing out her husband and coming to Cali
fornia by the Order of Rebekah. She has
voluminous papers bearing out her state
ments.
RAILS TO REACH
REDWOOD TRACTS
Readers of The Call will remember that
some time ago a man was arrested by the
police of Ogden on the strength of a letter
Vocal Chords Paralyzed.
WOODLAND. March 11.— D. H. Wyckcrff .
ex-Sheriff of Yolo. wa9 afflicted with a
stroke of partial paralysis at an early
hour this morning. So far only the vocal
organs are affected, and the physician be
lieves that unless there is further lesion
and hemorrhage he will recover.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
WEDDED IN THE EAST
Miss Edna Lewis Becomes the Wifa
Theater Treasurer.
of Jonas Haslacher, a Former
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. March 1L— Miss
Edna Lewis of San Francisco met Jonas
L. Haslacher of Oswego In this city re
cently, and, with him went to Rochester,
where they were married. The Rev. Dr.
Landsberg performed the ceremony at his
home In Rochester. The groom was for
merly connected with the Bastable The
ater here In the capacity of treasurer. The
bride was accompanied on her return
here by her mother, who came from San
Francisco. The newly married couple,
after a short wedding trip, will reside at
Oswego. N. Y.
Miss Lewis la well known here. She Is a
daughter of William Lewis, a cigar mer
chant, and th« granddaughter of S. W.
Levy, president of the Associated Chari
ties. She is IS years of age. Her sister.
Gertrude, went on the stage jrith the
Frohman Company in New York about a
vear ago. She returned here a few
months ago an! took her sister East with
her. Her mother was notified of her ap
proaching wedding and left this city in
time to be prefect at the ceremony.
Carnegie Increases His Gift.
TACOMA, March 11.— Andrew Carnegie
has increased his gift for a public library
at Tacoma from &»,0CO to 573,000.
: PRINCIPALS IN A SENSATIONAL DOMESTIC SCANDAL AND AN AL
LEGED ELOPEMENT FROM PENNSYLVANIA TO CALIFORNIA, WHO \
; SOON MAY FIGURE IN DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS. j
[ ¦ ' _^ ¦ ¦ . -I
SEATTLE, March 11.— The opening of
the long-reserved crown claims and frac
tions of the Klondike to staking and en
try by miners was the cause of a mad
stampede on February 26. It marked one
of the most exciting and perhaps one of
the most Important epochs of the camp.
The time when the bars that so long
had restricted miners from touching the
ground were let down came exactly at
midnight. On the numerous creeks, hill
sides and benches there were hundreds
of men who had waited In Ions:- night
vigil. Many had toiled to the place of
staking through deep snow. A strong
wind intensified the cold.
As the clock hands reached 12 the stam
peders began setting their stakes. A
minute or two more and they had their
notices up, and then they were off on
the race to the Gold Commissioner's of
fice.
All Sorts of Conveyances.
They raced with all manner of Klon
dike conveyances. Some had teams of
horses hitched to light sleighs, some rode
bicycles, some came with fast dog teams
and others by special stago or on foot.
One man came eighteen miles on Norwe
gian skis, aided by a dog running 1 before
and drawing him by a rope he held. He
covered the distance in two and three
quarter hours and beat a horse which
drew a sleigh.
Could the eye have nweDt all the creeks
of the Klondike at midnight, dramatic
scenes would have been seen on nearly all
at the same time. Often several men
struggled to stake the same claim. In
some instances trouble occurred, it is re
ported, and a revolver Is said to have been
drawn by one disputant. At times men
staked knowing some one else was stak
ing the same claim, caul then hurried
away ¦with the others.
The race was not alone to the stronsr.
Many women were participants. Oji«
woman weighing less than 100 pounds
hurried in by doe team from Bonanza-
Other women came on stages or in private
rigs.
Bicycles Prove TTs?ful.
The wheelmen were perhaps the swift
est of all. on the whole. The trails and
roads of the creeks are packed as hard
as the finest cinder path, and the cyclists
find them superior highways. Many weie
those who came on wheels, and notwith
standing the low temperature they ped
daled like' circuit riders. A man from
Gold Run is said to have nearly killed a
team of horses.
On arrival at the Commissioner's office
all the stampeders had to stand In lino
until 9 o'clock, the regular opening hour.
Perhaps a hundred were in by that time.
Some from near-by creeks had been wait-
Ing to hold places In the line since Ions
before daylight. The first man came from
a crown reserve on Bonanza, elirht miles
away, and got in at 2:30 a. m., with a dog
team. . Shortly, afterward came a man
from Hunker with a norse panting from
the run. Next came a wheelman from
Hunker, and soon delegates were in lino
from other creeks.
DEATHS ON NOME TRAILS.
Winter Storms.
Gold-Seekers Perish During Terrific
Strength of the Patient Is Keeping
¦VICTORIA. B. C. March 11.— News of
some of the expected tragedies of winter
HARRISON'S CONDITION
REMAINS UNCHANGED
TJp and His Pulse Is
Strong.
INDIANAPOLIS. March 11.— At 2 o'clock
this morning Dr. Jamieson had just left
the bedside of ex-President Harrison. He
eave out this statement:
"The condition of General Harrison re
mains practically uncharged. There has
been no perceptible Increase of the In
flammation."
At midnight Dr. Jamleson gave out this
"General Harrison's condition Is un
changed. His strength Is keeping up and
his pulse is strong. The Inflammation of
his left lung has not spread any and there-
Is no danger to be apprehended unless the
inflammation, spreads. The talk about a
crisis, in General Harrison's condition is
absurd. There will be no crisis. ' He will
either gradually grow better or he will
grow worse gradually, and will In the
Fame way grow weaker. He is perfectly
conscious at this hour, and resting eas
ily."
Placing Railroad Securities.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. March 11.— A. M.
Stewell. president of the projected Kan
sas City. Mexico and Orient Railway and
of the United States and Mexican Trust
Company, is going to Europe at once, it
is said, to place several million dollars of
the securities of the Orient Railroad.
at Cape Nome was received by the steam
er Danube, which reached port this after
noon from Skaguay. A Dawson dispatch
of March 1 to the Skaguay Alaskan says:
"Most horrible details of deaths by
freezlngr reached here to-night In the third
mall txign Nome this winter, bringing ad
vices up to December 10. Several deaths
have occurred in the Immediate vicinity of
Nome City and on the various trails. Tho
wind has been blowing and the tempera
ture has registered the lowest ever known.
Tents have been torn to ribbons and the
inmates forced to seek shelter elsewhere
"One man ieft Nome December 2 at
about 8 o'clock In the evening, and at V
o'clock a party coming In found him and
his two dogs frozen stiff. The wind had
covered them with a snow blanket and
their bodies were discovered only by be
ing stumbled upon. Other deaths were re
ported, but the names are not obtainable
to-night.
"Never before has travel been so dan
gerous. "What is one day a perfect trail
is the next day totally obliterated by the
drifting snow. The suffering of those who
¦were not sufficiently provided for la ter
rible. Business Is reported very dull, and
nothing is doing in the commercial world.
During the last of November several
stampedes took place, and in nearly every
Instance good strikes have been made.
Old experienced miners predict many big
finds for next reason."
WOOING WEALTH AT BAMPABT.
Camp Will Be Large.
Season's Clean-up in the Northern
SEATTLE, March 11.— The Rampart
Forum of January 24 says that the year's
clean-up will confirm the assertion that
the half has never been told of tho wealth
of the camp. Some obstacles that have
been heretofore looked upon as Insur
mountable have been overcome and water
on some of the best creeks has rendered
easy the work •which formerly 'was Im
possible.
Peck and Durfey, on Nos. 13 and H
Hoosler. have taken the Initiative in the
use of steam pumps and siph*ons for clean-
Ing the bedrock of water, with the result
that they are now sinking shafts and
otherwise opening extensive works pre
paratory to putting on a large force of
men. It la believed th!s enterprise will
meet reward, because of a good quantity
of gold having been taken from various
places on the creek the last two years
while working on only such parts of the
bedrock as were dry. thereby forcing 1 the
miner to work reefa and rims.
Even the less valuable parts of tho
ground have shown some of the finest
gold of which Alaska can boast. It ex
cels not only in large nuggets, but also
has an assay value of $19.66 to tho ounce.
Large pickups are so common that ths
miner who In this way gets a day's wages
Is not an exception, and no surprise Is at
tendant upon a pickup of. $200 a shift, or
nuggets from $20 to $250.
farm and grave her $50 as her share of the
proceeds, pocketing the balance.
Niece Makes Her Appearance.
When he entered the ministry their
niece, Miss Mary F. Kershow. came to
live with them, as Mrs. Springfield was
her guardian. The wife claims an inti
macy sprang up between her husband and
REAPPORTIONMENT BILL
PASSES THE ASSEMBLY
Goes Through by a Strict Party Vote, Sher
idan Denouncing It as an Uncon
stitutional Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i funds of the Senate and Assembly as a
contribution to the fund for the Stephen
M. White monument, was adopted this
morninssfcy the Assembly by a vote or 4a
to 19. Johnson spoke against the resolu
tion, contending that the Assembly cpuia
not vote money from the contingent runa
for such a purpose. Savage, Schleslnger
and others spoke in favor of the resolu
tion.
Votes Away State's Coin.
Xot satisfied with a patronage list far
In excess of the offices provided for in the
Belshaw act. the Assembly to-day voted
$180 to a. committee sergeant-at-arms who
had received no appointment, however.
Fisk, chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee, and Ralston, a member of the
committee, made a vigorous fight against
the Irregular proceeding, but the "push
lorced the resolution through and doubt
less will be ready to adopt similar reso
lutions in behalf of other hangers-on who
have "grafted" upon the Assembly in
various capacities.
The resolution, introduced by Hourigan,
directed that a warrant be drawn in favor
of Leo Salomon for $180. Merritt, Mc-
Wade. Brown of San Francisco and
Henry, chairman of th» committee fo.
which Salomon had acted as serreant-at
arms, approved the claim.
Fights for Appropriations.
The general appropriation bill has
passed second reading In the Senate. It
was the cause of two fights on. the floor,
one over the raising of the allowance for
the State Normal School at San Jose
from $r+4.<vx). which the bill allows, • to
$S7.C»jQ, and the other over an attempt by
I^aird to raise the appropriation for his
1 agricultural district from HMO to $2700.
The Normal School increase had • not
been allowed by the Finance Committee
when the bill was under consideration,
and Smith cf Kern, chairman of the com
mittee, opposed the ineiease on the floor.
l>ut the school had votes enough and the
increase of JSC"'*) was allowed.
It was not so, however, with Laird and
his proposition. He asked for the raise
on the ground that the district had given
no fair last year, and was. therefore, en
titled to the allowances for both years,
but he was not listened to and his amend
ment was voted down.
Poll Tax Amendment Loses.
Johnson's constitutional amendment
abolishing the levying of polltax was
beaten by the Senate to-day by a vote
of 32 to 3. Burnett. Devlin, Selvage and
Welch voted for It, Devlin afterward
changing to aye for the purpose of mov
ing to reconsider. There was a hot de
bate on the question, Devlin and Selvage
supporting the amendment and Davis,
Smith of Kern. Curtln and Shortrldge op
posing it. It was denounced as a meas
ure that would result only In increasing
the tax in other directions and relieving
from taxation those who pay nothing
else for the support of the government.
The vote to reconsider will hardly amount
to anything.
The Assembly to-night refused passage i
to Milice's bill to establish a branch State
prison in Southern California.
Passage was granted Broughton's bill
making it a misdemeanor to falsely brand
or label packages containing fruit.
McWade'8 bill providing for the ap
pointment- of matrons of jails in cities
of the first, second, third, fourth and fifth
classes also carried.
Roberts' bill appropriating $20,000 for
linking the highway system of Humboldt
County with that of Shasta passed.
Stuart's (of Amador) bill compelling
parents or guardians of lncorrigJbles com
mitted to Preston or WhittJer State
schools to contribute to their support also
passed.
Wants Certain Laws Codified.
Senator Selvage this afterpoon intro
duced a concurrent resolution 'calling upon
the Code Commission to codify the lawd
relating to private corporations,' revenues,
primary and general elections, the com
pleted work to b<? presented at the next
session of the Legislature.
Smith's (of Los Angeles) bill appropri
ating $7500 for improvements to the Stale
Normal School at Los Angeles passechthe
Senate as a matter of urgency.- Devlin's
bill, requiring County Clerks to supply
city officers with affidavits for elections,
passed, as did BelshT.w's making the cer
tification of the County Clerk sufficient in
the matter of warrants of arrest to b«s
served within the county Issued. 1
Other bills were passed as follows: By
Sutro. protecting the meadowlark: by
McWade. creating tl.e office of matron of
jails or prisons in cities of over 20,000 In
habitants; by Brown of San XIateo, au
thorizing and directing the State Board of
Health to enforce pure food regulations.
Bills Signed or Vetoed.
Governor Gage has signed Smith's (of
K*»m> bill appropriating $50,000 for the es
tablishing of a polytechnic school In San
Luis Oblspo County and has approved the
committee substitute for Devlin's bill
which amends the existing Code of Civil
Procedure.
The Governor vetoed the claim of John
V. Powers, stenographer to the Commis
sion for the Revision and Reform of the
Law. Powers claims I11O0 for services ren
dered in the dual capacity of porter and
stenographer. The Governor points oul
that no statutory provision was made for
a porter to the commission in the act of
1£95 creating it and calls attention to the
fact that Powers was serving the Com
mission in Lunacy as porter at all times
covered in his claim. Aside from the legal
aspect the Governor leaves one to infer
that Powers, like Mr. Riley of the ryth
mic jingle, "is dolnjr quite well."
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 11.— Senate bill 447, the
legislative rcappcrtlonment measure, was
passed in the Assembly this morning as
emended by a strict party vote. There
¦were 47 ayes'ar.d 17 noes.
Knight offered the only opposition In the
vrzy of amendments to-day. He Bald the
Mil practically obliterated his district, the
Thirty-fourth, and he offered a series of
amendments rearranging Senatorial and
Assembly districts with a view to restor
ing: the Thirty-fourth district to its pre
i ious form. These were promptly defeat
ed. James of Los Angeles arose to express
s-yrr.pa.thy for Knight.
Sheridan spoke against the bill, claim
ing- that as it stood it was not constitu
tional. He pointed out to the Alameda
and Los Angeles members that It was
their last chance to secure the Increa.se
In representation to which they were en
titled, and that if the law were declared
Invalid they would he the sufferers. Con
tinuing. Sheridan asserted that politics
r.r.c not population had been the basis
upon which the bill had been framed.
"Not only is that true." said Sheridan,
"but population has been Ignored to the
extent that will leave the courts no al
t«raattve but to hold the law-unconstitu
tional If a test be made of It. The consti
tution makes population supreme over
compactness or other considerations In
m'P»rtlonrr.ent. Inyo Is put with Tulare in
ihir^ bill. xna.king an overpopulated dis
trict, when other contiguous counties are
t-hnrt In population. The constitution ex
pUdtly states that no county shall be di
vided unless it? population Is" large enough
to entitle It to two districts. Humboldt is
given two Assemblymen, though Its
population does not entitle It to them, and
Fan Bernardino, with a larger population.
Than Humboldt. gets but one Assembly
r..;in. That is a flagrant violation of the
t : canto lav.-. .
"Apaln. the Committee on Census* and
Apportionment considered only the figures
if total population, though the constitu
tion provides that aliens not eligible to
j-iiiuralizatlon shall not be counted in ap
;crtlonment. Chinese. Japanese. Malays
ure .-ill counted In the scheme on which
tbis was framed, in direct violation of the
constitution."
Carter, chairman of the Census and
Apportionment Committee. admitted that
no deductions for alien Chinese and Jap
une«e had been made.
Senate Rejects Amendments.
The amendment to the apportionment
bill came over to the 6er.ate during the
afternoon, and after the afternoon ses
elon was over the Republican members
held a caucus upon them. The amend
ments were made by the Assembly Com
mittee on Apportionment and started with
the consolidation of Sa:i Benito with Mon
terey to form an Assembly district and
then to get a district for the extra Assem
blrmaa taken from Sar. Benito.
The caucus was really for the Question,
ar.d promptly declined to stand for any
puch change. They would accept noth
ing but Pan Benito as an Assembly dis
trict, ar.-l that being settled the other
amendments went overboard. It Is ex
pected that the Assembly win recede from
the amendment, as the sentiment was
r.ever very strong In the lower house and
It is strong in the Senate. San Benito 1r
r:irt cf Senator FIint'6 district, and he Is
Viehind the fight for the Assemblyman for
t-:an Benito alone.
Two More Lease Bills Pass.
Two more bills referring to the China
TViFin lease passed the S<?nate, one this
fifternon and the other to-night, and were
sent over to join the ratification bill in
the Assembly. The bills were those re
".p.tir.g to the jurisdiction of the Harbor
< ' >rnmission. one giving It control of
]<^ase<i property and tlia other an act to
strike from the present law a provision
r'. lowing the commission to make leasrs.
The latter bill was explained by r>avis
bs a. measure to compel the Santa Fe to
stand up to the terms of the lease, as.
with the enabling rlause stricken out, anv
rloLftlldn of the Tease which would entail
a forfeiture would leave them up against
a situation which would not allow of an
rther lease of the property, ar.d so the
road would be effectually and permanent
ly out of it. It was a pieeautlonary meas
\it", Davis said, and its sole purpose w&a
in ir.fjrp an exact observance of the pro
visions of the lease by the Santa Fe.
There was the same old opposition to
both bills, but there was not much of a
debate. "Wolfe and O'Neal opposed them
both and Davis replie-!, but there was no
right.
Assembly Certain to Hatify.
The ratification bill will come up In the
Assembly to-morrow afterr.oon. It loo'ci
Dow u if thc-re is no doubt of its passage,
and some cf its supporters are willing to
claim fifty votes for it. Pendleton, Rai
ston and Flxk are behind it. and the
Democratic minority leaders are working
for it. Johnson will oppose it. but his
opposition may not be so active in view
cf the altered situation.
The Senate to-day concurred In the
amendment added by the Assembly to
l Welch's bill to raise UM salaries of deD
'•ry superintendents of public schools. Tne
amendmest by the Assembly was to llm'.t
the provisions of the act to cities with
ever ZSjOM inhabitants, but as San Fran
cisco is the only city that rates deputy
5'jperJntender.ts of schools the bill ;ould
n^t affect any other city, any way. The
fci:i will *now go to :he Governor.
The Assembly- concurrent resolution ap
propriating $2500 from the contingent
MRS. HANCOCK SUES FOR DIVORCE.
Continued From Page One.
Wild Race in Which 51eighs, Dog Teams
and Snowshoes Are Utilized by the
Eager Gold-Seekers.
• >. ._>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAWSON MEN STAMPEDE
TO NEW CROWN CLAIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALLv TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1901
Alleged Elopement of Pennsylvania Clergyman Will
Culminate in a Lodi Divorce Suit.
WIFE COMES WEST TO FACE
ERRING HUSBAND AND NIECE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Saturday, and at once sought the
services of attorneys. At a local hotel she
LODI. March 11.— Armed with depo
sitions, allegations and a- variety
of evidence, Mrs. Sarah F. Spring
field arrived here from Chicago on
3
Anutritious food
The most epneentrated form of nourishment for
the strong, weak, healthy, siek, old and young
cf Germany
Discovered by the emi nent Chemist. DR. SIEBOLD
Endorsed by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW, /
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known
PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is
t albumen in its purest and most natural form.
PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food,
easily digested and immediately assimilated by the
most delicate system.
PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the
stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and
permanent recovery.
PLASMON is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any
. other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every
dish palatable.
PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food;
added to other foods it greatly enriches their nour-
ishment. . s
PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
eggs. It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment
known. One teaspoonftil contains all the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef.
PLASMON is recommended by the world's greatest physi-
cians for invalids and convalescents.
PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment.
\ For Sale at Leading Druggists and Grocers
AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
Information cheerfully given at offices of Syndicate
204 Crocker Building, San FranciscoNational Club Matches Them to Fight
the Latter Part of This
Month.
Manager Groom of the National Ath
letic Club last night completed the card
for the boxing exhibition to be given by
his organization on the 29th of this month.
The men who were matched will appear
before the club's examining physician to
morrow, and If they are found to be In
good bodily health they will sign articles.
The event of the evening will be the
contest between Otto Cribb of Australia
and Charles Thurston of this city. This
will be their second meeting. When Cribb
and Thurston- fought before the same
club two months ago they fought twenty
rounds at a terrific pace and when the
gong sounded Referee "Jack" Welch had
to declare It a draw.
Tommy Cox, also an Australian, is to
meet "Jack" Grajifield in a flfteen-round
bout the same evening. Granfield Is a
graduate of the San Francisco Athletic
Club and Is a clever and willing fighter.
The men are to weigh in at the ring
side at 130 pounds and ! give or take two
pounds. "Spider" Welch and "Kid" AIc-
Fadden will furnish the curtain raiser.
Tanforan Entries.
First race— felx furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
2052 Foul Play 110 [ 2052 Favorito 11J
2050 Frank Duffy. ...102 1 2026 Santa Lucia. ...103
1S34 Formatus 1121 2029 Parmenion ....112
Second race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
P "" e S!leslan 108 1860 J. V. Kirby.. ..115
1907 Rory Ough.....llS 1S35 Resin 103
1CS5 Dr. McNutt 10$ 2027 Snooze 108
»0C7 Quadra 1O1 2027 San Lultlon ...105
2065 Zlrl 115 Silva Cruz Ul
Third race— Steeplechase; short course, about
two miles:
1992 The Calfor"n...l20 i 1944 Eva Moe 123
1944 Granger 138 2063 J O C 13S
(1992)Periwig 153 | 2077 Tom Sharkey. ..120
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling:
2OT9 I-omond 10S 13065 Bogus Bill 105
2043 Fonrlo 91 11843 Haviland 105
1918 Birdie Stone.... 81 11935 Lady Medl'sme. 93
2051 Lavator 109 I
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
2040 Handlcapper ..111 1940 Hermoso Ill
2067 Eaplrando 102 1990 Tola 88
.... Pearl 100 2040 Isallne 106
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
163S Graylette 110 20S7 Selde 110
2062 Ben. Caldwell..llO (20«)Artena 107
2067 Cantlnua 110 2055 Thornwild 107
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Parmenlon, Favorlto. Formatus.
Second race— J.' V. Kirby. Rory. Ough, Zirt.
Third race — Eva Moe, Periwig-, Tom Sharkey.
Fourth race— Haviland, Fondo, Lomond.
Fifth race— Isallne, Tola, Ilermoso.
Sixth race — Benson Caldwell, ¦ Selde. Gray
lette.
Rosormonde, 105;" Macy, 105; Canmore, 103;
KolliiiK Boer, 103; Bangor, 103; Owensboro, 103;
Sir Hampton, 103; Herculean, 103; Great Bend,
102; Telamon, 100; Handlcapper, 100; Torsina,
100; Wax, 100; Vain, 100: First Tenor, 100; Gar
talene. ICO; MacGyle. 99; Alleviate, 96; Beau
Ormonde. 96; • Bard of . Avon, 95; Jerid. 95;
Mortea«?e. 93; TJartla, 93; Qoldone. 92; Cougar,
S5; Bab, S5; My Gypsy, S5; Gold Badge, 80;
Elfonse, 80; Mlthrldates. 80; Special Reserve,
£0. -'•¦•¦•
THROWN OUT OF A BUGGY
WHICH HE HAD STOLE!*
Con McCarthy Winds TJp a Drunken
Escapade by Being Seriously
Injured.
While driving recklessly about the
streets yesterday afternoon. Con McCar
thy, a young man, was thrown from -.a
buggy near the corner of Bryant and
Stanley streets and received injuries
which may result seriously.
McCarthy, who was. considerably under
the influence of liquor, was taken to St.
Mary's Hospital, where he was treated
by Dr. Harper. Tho police were notlfie'd
and on investigation learned that Mc-
Carthy had taken possession of a. buggy
standing at .Mason and Turk streets and
had driven off without the knowledge of
its owner. The officers sent for the police
ambulance and had McCarthy removed
to the Receiving Hospital. An officer will
watch him until his injuries will permit
of his removal to the City Prison.
McCarthy, the officers claim, has been
drinking for some time and Intending to
have a good time . Jumped into the first
buggy he encountered and drove off. It
is possible that McCarthy's skull has been
fractured. \
CHAMPION GTJNMEUT
BREAK WORLD RECORDS
Remarkable Scores Are Made at the
Traps in X.ong Island by
Prominent Marksmen.
NEW. YORK, March 11.— Heiks. Gilbert.
Crosby, Fanning and Parmalee, five of the
best trap shooters in America, met in
competition at Interstate Park, L. I., to
day and the result was one of the most
remarkable contests- ever held at the
traps. Each man succeeded in breaking
25 clay birds without a miss, maklne 1°5
In all. This is a world's record. "
Charged "With. Embezzlement.
John Sabatha, a clerk, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant sworn to by L.
Levy, charging him with felony - embez
zlement. Levy is engaged in the business
of supplying clothing u> the crews of dif
ferent whalers. Sabatha was employed by
him. and It la claimed that ho recently
sold a quantity of clothing that he wad
sent to deliver and pocketed the proceeds
The clothing was'dlscovered in a second
hand store In Oakland by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea and booked a& evidence against
the prisoner. •
Complains About the Ambulance.
Registrar Walsh has made a complaint to
Mayor Phelan regarding the condition of
the ambulance used to convey patients to
the pesthouse. His -brother, who is ?n
employe of the Board of Health, was re.
cently taken ill with a slight eruption on
his face. He was bundled Into the ricketv
ambulance and sent out on th° San Bruno
£ oad : W«Hsh ¦ thinks it was a shame that
his brother was so treated. The member*
of the Board of Health say that with th?
funds at their disposal no other accom^
modatlon could be affotdad- « < -v.um
Humane Society Lectures.
Mrs. Mary C. Bell will lecture to-morrow
evening in 'Academy of Science Hall un
der the auspices of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Hor
subject will be "Ethical Culture." Dr. W
P. Montague; of .the University of Cali
fornia ¦will lecture . tho same evenlnsr on
"The Value of the Band of Mercy Work
in Character Building." The i Band of
Mercy Choral Society of forty voices will
render,' a number' of sones -
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; celling:
i:«3 Darlene 991 1505 Har. Thatcher. 112
2024 El Topio 109 2047 llorinpa 120
2011 The Buffoon.... 117 20S0 Hagerdon . . . . 107
2M2 Skip Me 104 1990 Quiz II \ni
(20uS)Homage 104 2008 Irate .... 94
2011 Scallywag' 106 1743 Flatterer .....".".103
1936 Urchin 1121 2036 Vassal 12(7
Oakland Selections.
First race— Mocorito. Invietus. Bernota.
Pecond race— Un Cadeau, Fidel Toulln. Mon
tsnus.
Third race — Dr. Scharff, Estado. Te<*dv
Marks. - '
Fourth race— Frank Bell. Meehanus. Lennep.
Fifth race— Imperious. Xorford. Uarda.
Sixth race-Quiz II. Skip Me, Scallywag.'
Fifth race— Mile and fifty yards; four-year
c'ds and up; selling:
20S3 Morelllto 11« (20Sl)Norford 108
2072 rarda 113 2^33 Jennie Reid 97
l<-67 My Gypsy 103 2017 Jim McCleevy.,107
20S1 Imperious Ill
Fourth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; Owners' Handicap:
(20M)I^ennep ?; (2001)Meehanus 95
2013 Frank Bell 100
Third ra.ee— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
r>iirse:
2^34 Oolina 107 2071 Barklrite 100
:071 Estado 110 2071 Dr. Scharff US
.... Brunswick 1101 203S Teddy MarkV.,103
2046 Jack Tyrrell. ...110!
Second race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
or.<l up; pellins:
1K1 Un Cadeau 101 1735 Fidel Toulln.... 99
ZjvJ Pllct 101 2073 Looram 105
,2«6 Patan 101 17C6 Grey Bob 101
2O4S Canejo M 2045 Jack McCabe.,.1%
20CS TinB-a-Llngr ... 93 2033 Mpntanus 108
2020 Modwna 103 j 2068 Senator Matts..lO3
2000 I Don't Know..l(X>|
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
vp; selling:
2033 MontaJlade . 103j C56 Cavanaugh 101
2C36 Invlctus 106 1 C020)Osniond 115
2'C6 Mocorito % 113 1 2068 Follow Me .101
20T0 Bernota .X 196H
Oakland Entries.
A new name for voting machines has
been Invented. They are now called voto
meters.
NO STBEETS MAY BUN
INTO CEUTBAI. PARK
Stevenson and Jessie Streets Not
Likely to Be Extended Between
Seventh and Eighth..
City and County Attorney Lane has ren
dered a decision which will probably bring
joy to the owners and lessees of the prop
erty known as Central Park. A question
was recently raised as to the opening of
Stevenson and Jessie a'reets through tha
two 100-vara lots. 2S2 and 2S3, which block
the opening of those stieet3 from Seventh
to Eighth streets.
Mr. Lane refers to a former decision oi
his predecessor, Harry Creswell, where
in he says they are not open streets. Upon,
an abstract of title furnished by D. R.
McNelll. the lessee, he says: "I find thero-
In no evidence of dedication of any por
tion of said 100 vara jots to public us© as
streets." Under this opinion the property
will remain Intact.
SPECTJLATOBS BUY
MANY TAX TITLES
Considerable Valuable Property 13
Disposed Of at Auction by the
Tax Collector.
A tax sale of property delinauent for
taxes in the year 1S35 was held yesterday
at the City Hall. Speculators In tax titles
were plentiful, and nineteen parcels of
land were sold. The total amount re
ceived wa» J1038.50. Judah Boas paid $312
for a lot on the north line of O'Farrell
street. • J. J. Dowling for $300 se
cured a title to a quantity of land
on the Silver Terrace homestead. The
remainder of the property was bid in Dy
spculators for small amounts and by the
delinquent taxpayers. The State Issues a
deed for the property and gives the tax
title buyer a chance to made a good rake
off or leave a perpetual cloud upon the
property. The sale was the largest yet
held.
Ill the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Minnie Gold from Adolph Gold for
cruelty and Miriam B. Harton from
Charles B. Harton for failure to provide.
Suits for divorce were filed by Ed C
Bcebe against Alice J. Beebe for deser
tion, Jacob Llsauer against Mary Lisauer
for cruelty and Fred Simpson against
Emma Simpson for infidelity-
Boy Burglar Sentenced.
Charles Miller, the 10-year-old boy burg
lar, who was cauRht Saturday nlpht try-
Ing to break into the residence of Mrs. A.
Evans, Pierce and Greenwich streets, with
a "jimmy," appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday. The boy seems Incorrigible
but owing 1 to his tender years the Judge
could only punish him by sending him to
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society.
1YHNEB ARBESTED FOB
THBEATS TO KILL
Charles Sands Looking for the Scalp
Keeper.
of Frederick Berg, a Saloon-
Charles Sands, a miner, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him with
threats to kill. The complaining witness
I s * Frederick Berg, a saloon-keeper at 51!*
Kearny street. Berg alleges that Santla
and another miner arranged in hl9 saloon
to go to Nevada to work a mine, but tho
scheme did not succeed. Sands came to
his saloon Sunday night and demanded
frcm Berg $200 to reimburse him for gotns
to Nevada with his wife, but when Bers
declined Sands, it la alleged, threatened u>
kill him.
Sands denies making any threats, but
admits that he asked Hers: to reimburao
him. as It was through him he was in
duced to go to Nevada, as he alleges, on a
wild irooso chase.
rOTJISVILLE. March 11.— Man-In Hart,
who recently was matched to fight Tom
my West at Louisville^ has called the
match off on account of not being in gool
physical condition.
Marvin Hart's Match Off.
Plxth race, one mife and a sixteenth. Bellinfr
— Red Pirate won, PaJarm second, Lydia- S
third. Time, 1:4S.
Fifth race, one mile. Eellins— Miss Patron
won, Bvordcmaa eecund, Lindell Ella third.
Time. 1:15\. >••» ¦
Fourth race, seven furlongs, haadleap—
Johnnie McCarty won. Sir Florian second,
Rinco third. Time. I:2S. .
Third race. six. furlonga — Cad Hazel won,
Kleanor Howard se;ouJ, Momentum third.
Time. 133%.
Second race. Fix an1 a half furlongs. Felling—
Booir.«""ack won. Hell* of Elgin second. Miss
Gr.iiphtly third. Time. 1:21.
Fir^t race, one mile, sellir.gr — Nannie Xolen
¦won. HanEwortii second. Ford third. Time,
1:42 V
NEW ORLEANS. March 11.— Results
Results at New Orleans.
Lottery Tickets and Drawings Con
cealed in Large Basket Fall Into
Officers' Hands.
By the arrest of a Chinaman who is more
than 70 years of age. Lieutenant Prlco
and posse last night discovered a novei
scheme to baffle their efforts in suppress
ing gambling In the Chinese quarter.
While standing at the corner of. Sacra
mento and Dupont streets shortly after 8
o'clock Price and his men saw the aged
Chinaman enter the lottery Joint kept by
one of the boss gamblers. He carried on
his shoulder a basket such as is used by
Chinese laundrymen in carrying washing.
He remained inside only a few minutes,
and as he left the place the office: s
stepped up to him and started to examino
the basket. . ¦ ' ',-*•
Becoming alarmed, the Chinaman took
to his heels, but was overhauled after a
short chase. Carefullv concealed in tho
hollow of the basket Price and his men
found a miscellaneous assortment of lot
tery tickets and drawings. After being
taken to the City Prison the Chinaman
admitted that he had been employed by
the proprietor of the game to distribute
the drawings and to leave the tickets in
various places designated by him.
By traveling In the guise of a laundry
man he hoped to be able to fool the po
lice. He was at once released on cash
ball, furnished by one of the keepers of
the game.
POLICE SPOIL CLEVER
SCHEME OF GAMBLERS
Board of Public Works Proposes That
None Shall Escape the
License Tax.
An onslaught on street bootblack stands
Is to be made by the Board of Public
Works. Some time ayo the Board of Su
pervlsors passed an ordinance fixing the
license on those stands occupying street
space at $3 per year for each chair. So
far only thirty-three have complied witn
the ordinance.
In an elaborate report filed with the
Board of Public Works it is shown that
there are 200 of these stands scattered
over the city and that 640 chcJrs are used
on them. Secretary Park estimates that
the activity of the inspectors will result
in a considerable increase in the revenue
of the city. Active efforts to collect the
$1920 license that all the chairs would do
liable to bring will be commenced'. •' '
A rise in the price of shines Is at onco
expected.
BOOTBLACK STANDS
UNDER OFFICIAL KEN
As soon a3 the differences betweeti th»
Board of Public Works and the Board of
Education regarding the authority to re
pair dilapidated school buildings is set
tled, extensive repalra and additions will
be made. ; ,
In the Bciencp department of the Lowe'l
Hljrh School 200 pupils are crowded to
gether. They lack proper accommodations
and instruction. At the next meetlr.s of
the board Director Casserly will urgo tlie
appointment of an assistant teacher and
the formation of a new class.
Although the present school terra Is
drawing to a close, the Board of Educa
tion finds It necessary to provide extra
accommodation for pupils. Tho Cooper
Primary School, in which there are at
present twelve classes, containing 6C0 pu
pils, will have two more added if Director
Casserty can have his way. Miss M. F.
Mooney and Miss M. Nolan, if the chro
nological order of appointment is fol
lowed, will be thp teachers.
and Lowell High Schools Neces
sitates More Teachers.
MA2TY NEW CLASSES
LIKELY TO BE FOBJiLET*
Congestion In th.8 Cooper Primary
2085. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; lour-year-old* and up; purse,
$300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
(1£G9)A. Dough'ty. 4. 114. Dom 2 14 15 15
(2C37)Mid!ovc, 5, 118..Fauntly 12 4 2 3 2 10
1917 Clarando. 5, lls..IJassKr 3 3 1 3 6 3 4
COCnminaldo. 6 120.. .Mounce 4 4 2 4 10 4 10
2056 Net. Clark. 4,"114. Kelly S 6 5 6 3 5 5
....Ragtime. 5. 123. '..Collins 6 6 6 6
Time— 3-16. :19; 7-16. :44; G4f. 1:10. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, F. Phillips & Co.'s ch. m. by Rtley-
Mlss Murphy. Winner left her company at
the start. Midlove did her best. Rlnaldo a
"dog." Scratched— Nullah 114, Gold Finder
116. Aluminum 120, Miss Rowena 118, Devereaux
116.
Betting— Alice Dougherty, 4-6; Midlove, 10;
Clarando. 10; Rlnaldo, 6-2; Nettle Clark, 50;
Ragtime, 2C0.
ton. Mounce on winner started in to take
things easy and was nearly nipped. Ormonde
ran a swell race in going not supposed to be
tr. his liking. Good Hope ran the race under
none too vigorous riding. Dollle no "mudder."
Scratched — Phoenlssa SO.
Betting— Lennep. 4-5; Beau Ormonde, 3; Good
Hope. 4; Dollle Weithoff, 15.
Tlme-1-16. :07; »i. :24»i; H. 60; 6%f, 1:234.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Fred Foster's b. m. by imp. Candlemas-Wan-
20SI. FIFTH RACE-Slx and a half fur
lcngs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse,
$4C0.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
(lS92)Lennep. 6. 112.. .. Mounce 1 3n 2 2 In
2072 B. Ormonde, 3. 101. Dom 2 2 2 In 2 3
2161 Good Hope. 5. 94..Faunt 3 4 3 3 3 20
2049 D. Weithoff. 5, 95. Ranch 4 1 n 4 4
20N3. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
(2044) Pat Morr'sy. a, lW.Mnce 2 11 11 12
<2023)Castake, 6, 110. ..Romero 4 2 n 2 n 2 2
(2C35) Herculean, 4. lOS.Domnk 6 4 5 3 >4 3 4
U^SjLena. a, 107 Howell 3 SI 4 1 4 2
2035 William Ack, 3, SS..Hall 15 4 52 5 5
2073 Cue, 4, 105....FauntIeroy 5 7 63 6 1
2039 Rio Chico, 5. 106... .Weir 7 6 17 7
(2009)T. Calvert. 6. 106.Newby Bolted
Time— 1-16. :07; %, :24»i; H. :494:' *i. 1:1":
mile. 1:45; 1 l-16m, 1:514. Good start. Won
family. Second and third driving. Winner,
Fturns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord Cllfton-
Tenny 15. Morrissey right at home In the go
lrg. Castake .ran a nice race. Herculean
ruFhed too much first part. Lena quit. Chico
sulked. Scratched— Mitten 100, Flamero 106,
Don Luis 100. Gauntlet 109.
netting— Pat Morrissey. 7-2; Castake. 8; Her
culean. 1; Lena, 1S-5; William Ack, 12; Cue,
10; Rio Chico, 30; Tom Calvert, 50.
2046 Monastic, l09.......Logue 6 6 6 6
Time— \i, ':2»; 4. :51. Good start Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, Wil
liam M. Murry & Co.'s ch. g. by Yankee
Doodle-Nita Murphy. Mike ran circles around
his field. Lento closed well. Mounce on Pres
tene lost his whip. Uotany quit.
netting— Mike Murphy. 9-5; Lento. 15: Pres
tene, 8-5; notany, 15; Fred Atterbury, 13; Mo
nastic, 7.
2082.: THIRD RACE-Four furlongs; selling;
¦maiden, two-year-olds; purse, $330.
Index. Horse, . Wt,*" Jockey. St. *i. Str. Fin.
2027 Mike Miyphy. lOS.Domk 112 12 12
20GS Lento. 106 ...Weir 4 5 1. 4 1. 2 n
2069 Prestene. 103 Mounce 3 3 4 2 n " 3 n
204« Botany. 103 Sheehan 2. 2 3 S3 4 4
204C F'd Atterbury, 110.. Rom 5 4 1 6 16 1
20S1. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling:;
three-year-olds and up; purse, J350.
Index. Horse.' Wt. Jockey. St. ¦.¦%. Str. Fin.
2CC1 Norford, 4, 120.Domlnick 3 11 14 13
2061 The U'ndtct, 4/ lK.Mnce 12 6 2 6 2 8
1434 Cromwell, a, 124 Ruiz 5 3 1 3 10 3 12
2020 Rose of Hilo, 4, 115. Rom 2 4 3 4 6 4 6
2072 It. shanr.on, 4, 110. Kelly 4 5 5 6
Time— M, :26Vi; 4. :51; 94. 1:174; mile. 1:45.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Doble & Co.'s b. ; h. by Em
peror of Norfolk-Miss Ford. Norford much the
best in going. The Benedict apparently ,no
wonder. Cromwell ran a fair race. ¦ '' '
•netting— Norford. 1; The Henedict, 2; Crom
well, 12; Rose of Hilo, 100; Rio Shannon, 4.
Belling; four- year-olds. and up; purse, $350.
I" 1 !". Horse, Wt Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
2(>49 Loving Cup, 6, 104. Dom E 1 h 1 1 11
2CtoS William F. 4. 99.. Stuart 6 4 H 2 n 2 1
1*60 Romany, 5, 102 Kelly 4 5 h 3 1 3 2
-04S Juva. 5. 100 Mounce 8 7 1 6 10 4 5
Ah 3 K Augustine, 5, 102. Weir 7 2 2 4 1 5 10
<A<2i)Melkarth, 6, 102..Hansch 1 62 7 6n
-021 Summer, 4, 102..Fauntly 2 3 4.65 710
Ifci6 M. Mitchell, a. lOO.Brodn 3 8 8, 8
Time-l-16. :074: V4. :25%; 4. :50U: 64f. 1:25.
Perfect start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, George \V. Miller's b. m. by
Kelvfdere-LizzeUe. Winner outclassed her Held.
Komany a bit short. Juva no account. San
Augustine ran well to stretch. Summer sulked,
netting— living Cup, 1-4; William F, 20;
Romany, 30; Juva, 30; San Augustine. 30; Mel-
Uarth, 30; Summer. 13; Maggie Mitchell, 100.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Monday.
March ll, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
sloppy. '
20SO. FIRST RACE-Slx and a half furlong* ;
CAL'S RACING FORM CHART.
2O79. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fir.
1932 Walknshw. a, 116. Burns 1 3 4 12 14.
(2019) Macy, a, 116.. .O'Connor 2. 7 41 2 2
1C99 Lomond, 4. 112..\Vedrstd 4 1 h 2 2 3 2
204C» Donator, 6, 113. ...Miller 5 5 1 3 4 4 H
2020 Ltzzella. a, ¦ 111 Enos 6 4H 56 5 3
l&0« March 7. 4. 107..Watrb'y 3 6 h « 4 6 1
2U51 C. le Bel, 6, 113. .Woods 7 2h 7 7
• Time-H. :27H; >4. ;53^i; K. l:l$H: mile.
1:45>i. Good start. • XV on : easily. Second and
third drivtni. Winner. A. B. Blakeley's blk.
h. by. Imp. Dochart-Pearl Street. Walkeu
fhaw had the' most ypeed. Macy Tell out of it
on backstre-trh, but closed gamely. Lomond
ran a nice race. Scratched— Artllla 107, R«y
del Bandidos 113.
Betting — Walkenshaw. 5-2; Macy. 1; Ix>mond,
S: Donator. 5: l.lzze'.la, 50; March Seven, 200;
Charles le Bel, 75.
SOTS. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
three-year-olds and up; purse, J400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2<*>5 M. Davis, 5, 110.. .Burns 4 3 4 3 6 1 h
3SS2 Anmra, 6, 110 Enos 1 lh lh 2 4
2-134 X. Forest, 3, 104.O'Conr 2 5 V» 24 3 S
2042 Kinpstelle, 3, 94.Peterson 5 4^48 4 S
2i42 t=l?envine, 2, So. .Murphy 6 6 D 1 5 1
8067 Doublet. 4, lll.AVedrstd 3 2 2 6 6
Time—^i. :24>±: >i. :4S»i: K. 1:15 s ;. Good
start. Won firi-t three driving. Winner. W.
M. Sloan's h. m. by Sayre-Ltzzle C. Maggie
Davis got the strongest ride. Amasa ran a
swell race. Nellie Forest quit some at finish.
JDoublet blew tip badly. Scratched — Sir Kings
ton 107. Our Lizzie 10S,- Princess TItania 110.
Betting— Maggie Davis, 13-10; Amasa, 12;
Nellie Forest, 12-5; KIngstelle, 60; Sisenvine,
CO; Doublet, 1S-5.
2077. FOURTH RACE— One and three
eiichths miles; stlling; four-year-olds and up;
purse, JjOO.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. **. Str. Fini
(l??4)P,arfack. 4. 310.0'Connor 4 4 6 2 6 1 \ '
20S« Owens-boro. 4. lC6.Henry 2 11 12 2 12
:?"C9 Topmast, a. 104.. Bergen 5 3 1 4 20 3 3
JOSS La Horgia. 4. 96. Murphy 3 2 h 3 2 4 23
2i.'16 T. Sharkey, 4. lOa.Wdrad 15 5 6
Time—^. :3S'i: S. l:05*i; •». 1:3»H: m, 1:«H:
l',m, 2:2i.ij. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner. D. H. Ilarnes' br.
h. by rtersan-Fable. Barrack was much the
best. O'Connor rode a nice waiting race on
him. Owensboro run to his notch. La Borgia
ran a good race. Topmast seems to have gone
back some.
lWting— Barrack. 2-5; Owensboro, 9-2; Top
mast, 7; La Borgia, 30; Tom Sharkey, 200.
2O7C. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, |350.
Index. Hore=e. Wt. Jockey. St. »•• Str. Fin.
l(?So Astor, 6. 133 Burns 1 12 13 13
SOU High Hoe, 6, 111.. Miller 2 2 2 2 4 2 6
<2W)D. Maid. 4, lOS.Wedrstd 3 3 3 3
Time— »;. 'a. " M$*i; S, i':OSVi; %. 1:30%.
Good *tart. Won easily. Second driving. Win
ner, C. R. Ellison's b. g. by Aintree-Stephanie.
It was a gallop for Astor. High Hoe ran a
game race. Dangerous Maid had no speed.
netting— Astor. 3-5; High Hoe, 16-5; Dan
gerous y.i:\<i, 9-2.
2OT5. SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year
old?; purse, f400.
Irnlpx. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. '4- Str. Fin.
<200;>>Kenllworth, 105. ...Burns 2 12 1 H 1 l's
C v 053)Urutal. 112 ....O'Connor 3 3 8 2 4 23
LtJSJ Ada N, 100 Daly 1 2 m 3 12 3 15
2WS2 Marcy, 102 Miller 4 4 4 4
Time— >i, :26: H. tf^i: *i. 1:KH: mile. 1:«V
Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. H. Ketoheman's br. c.
by imp. Sir Modred-imp. Queen Ucss. Kenil
worth had too much spoed for his field. He
was stopping some at the finish. Ada N poorly
handh-d. Brutal finished strong.
Uetting— Kenilworth, 4-5; Urutal, 16-5; Ada
N. 16-2; Marcy, 30.
TANFOUAN PARK-Monday, March
11. 1901.— "Weather line. - Track muddy.
2074. FlItST . RACE— Six ;an<l ; a half fur
longs; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
In<1<-x. Horse. ! Wt, Jockey. St. ,\*4. Str. Fin.
«501T>PupII. 4. 110 O'Connor I" 3 ' 1 »4 11«
(J041)Formero, 5. 113. ...Miller 3 -J"> 3 2 1
-Aa. v.utiutiuii. 4, 110. .Henry 3, 1 n . 2 h 3
Time— 3-16. :19\: 7-16, :«H: 6Hf. l:2£\. Good
Pturt. Won easily. Second driving.- Winner.
O. B. Morris* b. h. by t?lr Modred-School Girl,
l'upil lx-st. Formcro fell out of If after pass-
Ing the half and came apain. Gonfalon ran a
r.le«>-raee in frolng he does not like. Scratched
—Sly IPS. Autumn 110. . • . •
Betting— Pupil, 4-5; Formero, 5-2; Gonfalon.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Track Notes.
.
' Bullman will be seen in the saddle again
to-day at Oakland.
James F. Caldwell, the veteran starter,
Is reported to bo seriously 111 at his resi
dence in this city.
Ten books were again chalking prices
at the track across the bay.
A party of Pennsylvanians drifted into
Tanforan yesterday and cleaned up over
$3000. They were L. Streuber, president of
the Erie and Buffalo Steamboat Com
pany: M. Weisbrod. a wealthy Philadel
phia brewer, and Andrew Kaul, a promi
nent lumberman of St. Marys. Steered
by one of the local wise ones of the race
track, they played favorite after favorite
until the last race. Then they ¦went t.T
Macy for $100 to $400. As the party leaves
to-day the ring is $3000 the loser by the
visit of the lucky Pennsylvanians.
Entries for the following race, to t>e
decided at Oakland Wednesday, March 13,
will close at 11 a. m. to-day:
For three-year-olds and upward; $300. of
which $70 to second and $30 to-third; weight,
15 pounds below the scale; non-winners "«ince
November 1. 1900, - allowed 2 pounds for each
beating up to 8 pounds. Two miles.
. Following are the weights for the
Gunst handicap —$15<)0—A handicap * for
two-year-olds and upward at the time of
closing. Winners of other, than a selling
purse after the weights are announced to
carry five pounds extra. To be run at
Oakland Thursday, March 14, 1901. One
mile and a sixteenth:
Waring, 129; Eddie Jones, 126; Zoroaster. 121:
Advance Guard, 121; Tlllo, 120;F. W. Brode'
120; Vesuvian, 117; Modrlne, 115; The Lady, 112-
Vulcain, 112; Formero, 110;. Tellowtall no:
Tayon. 110; Andrisa. 109; Flaunt. 108; Florizar
108; Joe Frey. 107; Gonfalon,'107; Specific, 107*
Ordnun*. 107; Wooster Hoy, 106; Autumn, 10«:
Prejudice, 105; Precursor, 103; Sea Lion. 105;
FAVORITES ruled In the mud of
Tanforan yesterday in five out of
the six races and the one excep
tion was a second choice. So th?
"bookies" raised their voices to
heaven, but not with that degree of con
demnation that usually accompanies a
succession of lucky favorite picking3.
Most of the first choice were odds-on and
were shied at by the bettors. The track
was soft and muddy,, not sloppy or mushy.
Pupil, mounted by Winnie O'Connor,
won the first race easily. It was a tri
angular affair in which Formero and
Gonfalon were the other sides. Pupil was
a 4 to 5 favorite, Formero and Gonfalon
receiving a slight backing.
Soon after the start Gonfalon and For
mero played the team act up the back
stretch, Pupil lying in wait. When they
turned Into the stretch O'Connor shot
Pupil out and Gonfalon seemed to stick
fast. Even Formero found no difficulty
In stealing the place from Gonfalon, wbj
showed a strong dislike for the mud.
The second race was quadrangular and
went to Kenilworth, the favorite. Tommy
Burns in the pilot-box. The race was
run strictly on the form of the bookmak
ers' Blating of chances. O'Connor, on
Brutal, was given a strong play at 3 to
1 until the price dropped a point. The
race was Kenilworth' a at every stage,
Brutal working up peg by peg for the
place, and Ada N coming in for the show.
Kenilworth was the band leader and led
the others a merry dance for more than
seven of the eight furlongs.
The third race was nothing but Astor,
with Burns up. High Hoe found the field
too thick and Dangerous Maid was not f;i
her element. Astor had the headlights
out from start lo finish, High Hoe and
Dangerous Maid playing second and third
parts. Astor was a 1 to 2 favorite.
Barrack, steered by O'Connor, was a
prohibitive favorite in the mile and three
lurlong route. Everybody knew that
Barrack doted on mud, liked the distance,
and that Owensboro and Topmast fancied
the dry footing. O'Connor rode a pretty
race, allowing Owensboro and La Borgia
to wear themselves out until the last turn
Into the stretch.. Then Barrack tore up
tho track and walked in ahead of the
ambitious. Owensboro got the place from
Topmast.
The fifth race over the six furlong route
went to the favorite, Maggie Davis, with
Burns doing the steering act. Maggie
was well liked in the betting and Nellie
Forest, Winnie O'Connor up, was second
choice. Amasa, 12 to 1, ridden by Eno^,
wasn't thought off, but when the race
was run Amasa and Doublet had it all
to themselves until the stretch. Then
Magrgie L>avis came from behind and Nel
lie Forest was urged to the front. Mag
gie proved a winner, Amasa getting the
place and Nellie Forest the show.
In tho sixth race, a mile for four-year
olds, Macy was the favorite. Walken
shaw, with Tommy Burns in the saddle,
rode home for ilrst money, Macy getting
the place. Lomond, who came In for the
show, and Walkenshaw led most of the
way, Macy paesing Lomond for the place.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
BY LOUIS HONIG.
SO well did the talent, have the
mudlarks starting in the different
events at Oakland yesterday sized
up that but two escaped, its prac
ticed eye, the choices taking
everything else. For some reason, per
haps his shifting form, Pat Morrisscy
dees not hold the same grip on the public
affection as of old, for he was one of
those overlooked. The track, sloppy with
mud as It was, seemed made to order for
him. Still, in. the betting on the mile and
a sixteenth selling' affair, with a field of
eight going to the post, Pat's odds de
scribed an "up-shoot," ascending from. 2
to 4. As Dominick had already piloted
three winners over the bar in safety, thu
crowd remained faithful, \>n
Herculean at 6 to 5. "While Dominick was
busy trying to keep the favorite up,
Mounce stole away In the lead with Pat
aiorrlssey and the Celtic named horse,
traveling by easy stages, splashed in as
he pleased in front of Castake, an 8 to 1
bhot, the favorite following.
The attendance was extremely large for
"blue Monday," the betting ring being
well filled. Master Dominick still has his
riding clothes on, llnishing on tour win
ners, and his followers have nothing but
money. Mounce, too, is holding up his
end in the saddle, for besides his win on
Morrissey, he got the decision on Lenne;>
over Beau Ormonde ' in a hard drive.
Throughout no fault could be found with
the sport, even if mud did not add to its
attractiveness. ;
Loving Cup slipped into an exceedingly
soft spot in the opening sprint at six and
a halt furlongs. Tlie mare closed a 1 to
4 chance and won leisurely "from William
E\ the third choice. Romany ran a fa-.r
third, it being his ttrst start in some time.
.Following this came the win of the mile
selling run by Norford, against which 3
to 2 was laid for a little. Dominick, who
had the mount, indulged The Benedict
with the lead to tho back stretch turn.
Then going to the front, the race was fin
ished in professional style, The Benedict
leading out Cromwell for the place.
Although they could be termed equal
favorites, It Is just likely that Prestene
at 8 to 5 did have a shade on Mike Mur
phy in the betting on the two-year-old
scramble. The latter youngster appeared
In rare good fettle, and jumping' away in
front, beat Lento, the Burke entry, with
pounds to spare. Mounce astride Pres
tene lost his whip, and as the filly will
bear touching up, was at a disadvantage,
finishing third.
In the six and a half furlong spin, Len
nep and Beau Ormonde furnished the
most exciting finale of the afternoon. The
first named mare, a 4 to 5 favorite, it was
thought would win "on the bit." Instead,
after passing the Ormonde horse in the
stretch, the latter came again at the pad
dock, and in a furious drive lost by a
short neck only. Good Hope ran Into the
Show.
With some dangerous ones scratched
from the closing chapter. Alice Dougher
ty fell heir to a purse. At that, the books
laid 4 to 5, and she came home by herself.
Midlove secured the place quite as easily
from Clarando.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND..
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
Favorite A^ter Favorite Come Home for First 'Money
at the Tanforan Racetrack. *
Obstacle race— L. Ortion, E. M. Ortion, C.
Cnn!in. O. Kchrleln. D. Carroll. F. Durnn. X.
Grc-en. A. Pape, E. Ortion. H. Grey, C. Clough.
A. Taylor.
Greasy polo— F. Duran, C. Clough, D. Car
roll. W. Clauson. H. Irvinp. Al Pape, O. Kehr
lein. II. Grey. X. Green. C. Conlln.
Dixinp for rla- ps — £>• Carroll. J. Ephralm, O
O. Rodpers. L. Ortlpn. n. Clough. H. Grey. H
lr\ir-K. H. Whitley, F. Clough. R. B. Cornell
F. Duran. A. Taylor. S. Gruman.
BllndfoM race— S. Leary. F. Duran. O. Kehr
lein, W. Clauson, W, Leonard, C dough, L.
Hammersmith. E. M. Connolly.
Under water swimming— F. Puran. P. Sflbel,
6. Gnman, A. Eisenberg. F. Kennedy. U. 13
Cornell.
Pprinpboard diving — Lester Hammersmith, D
Carroll. H. Irving-. L. Ortion. H. Grey, F.
Burn^tte, F. Duran. S. Gruman. A. Taylor.
:._••--. time limit one minute — J. Gleason,
A. Taylor. F. 13uran. C. ConMn, W. Clauson.
F. Clouph. n. II. Cornell. F. Butr. L. Ortion.
C. Clourh. J. CoJTroth, E. F. Ituss, H. L. At
kinson.
Two hundred and twenty yard?, champion-
Fhij>— Scott Lt-ary. O. C ; lid Sftolle. Lurlinw
i^lmrr.inK Ciuh; D. Carroll. O. C, and J. A.
Jarkson. Lurllne Swimming Club.
K.fty-yard handicap — S. Leary, cratch; C
Clouph. threo Fec^ii'is; E. M. Connoily, throe
tTono?: <». Kehrlfin, fix seconds; C. Lonsr,
i;\t> Bwnnfli; F. I'luuph. throe seconds; R. B.
Cornell, scratch; J. Coffroth, Fix seconds; N.
Oreon, fivt- ¦rrnirxii; A. Klsenlwg, eight sec
ond*; L. Ilammrrsjnith, four seconds; F. Du
ran, four «-con«is; C Conlln. five seconds; H.
Orer, wrven wconds; E. !¦'. Uusf, six teeonds;
O. G. Rodger*, fivrt seconds; W. Clausjn, two
B*oond«; A. Klrinhar.s. ten seconds; L.. Line
man, ten second?, and J. Keen, ton seconds.
Twenty- five yani dash — II. A. "VVerJcrman.
D. A. Carroll, F. I'liran, C. Coislin. E. M.
Connolly, It. S. Cornell. S. Leary. F. I3ur-
Tiftit", W. Clauswn anj tj. G. Hotigers.
Preparation! for the swimming tourna
ment to !>e held at the Olympic Club on
Friday evenirij? were completed last night.
The entry list was closed and the men en
tered in the handicap race were given
their handicaps. • A handsome trophy is lo
lie awarded to the \ictor in each event.
The rivalry is keen and some exciting
contests should result*
The 220-yard open race will be the feat
ure of the evening. Two members of the
Olympic Club and two from the Luriine
i-wlmminjr Club will compete. There 5s
every probability that the coast record
for the distance will be broken as .he
contestants are the fastest swimmers in
this vicinity. Scott Leary and Dennie
Carroll will represent Ihv winged "O" in
this event and the 1-urllne. Club will put
forth as its champions J. A. Jackson and
Ed StoiK
The programme will consist of a 25-yard
dash, 50-yard handicap. 220-yard chatn-
I>ionship. plunging. FprinRboard diving,
imdvr-watvr swimming, blindfold race.
<ii\ ing for plates, greasy pole and obstacle
race.
The officials, will be: Referee; John A.
Hammersmith; starter, Phil Wand;
timer* K. Mt-lrose, 1-'.. -It. Butz-and 11. V.
Bjunsdell; judg<.^. George James, Alec
I'-ajte and John Klliott," announcer, George
Jj*>ntOey.
Following is the list of entries in the
various events:
Fastest Water Performers on Pacific
Coast Will Try to Lower tha
Eighth of a Mile
Record.
Long Entrj List '.for Tour
nament to Be Held at,
Olympic Club.
SWIMMERS WILL
TRY FOR RECORDS
PAT MORRISSEY GETS AWAY
FROM THE SHARPSHOOTERS
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution memorializing the
State Senate to pass 'the "bill appropriat
ing the sum of $250,000 for the purchase of
the California Redwood Park. The reso
lution was introduced by Reed, who made
a brief»plea for. the preservation of the
redwoods. At Comte's suggestion the
resolution was ordered' telegraphed im
mediately-to" the /Speaker "of the Senate
In view of the prospective adjournment.
It Is as follows: * i
Whereas, The bill for the creation of a Cali
fornia redwood park has passed the Assembly
of the State of California and is now pending
in the Senate; and ¦ • " ¦ ¦
Whereas, The Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco has'partici
pated in the movement for the preservation ol
these trees since its inception: now therefore
'Resolved. That the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of San Francisco hereby
petitions the Senate of the State to pass the
said California redwood pork bill: » nd ,, be " ,
Unsolved further. That the clerk of this board
be and he is directed to transmit a copy of this
resolution to the clerk of the Senate. ¦
An ordinance ordering the repairing of
Sacramento, Clay and Washington streets
from Montgomery to Sansome, and Fine
street from Sansome to Battery, with
bituminous rock or asphalt, was passed
to print. It is necessary to invite new
bids for the work, as the Board of \\orks
erroneously exacted indemnity | bonds
from the bidders, which is said to be il
legal by the City Attorney. • _
The Twentieth < Century Athletic Club
and the National Sporting Club were
granted permission to hold boxing
bitions respectively in. April and May.,
The Chief of Police: and Chief Engineer
of tho Fire Department were directed to
have • strictly enforced all requisite tire
and police regulations' on the nights of
each exhibition.
The ordinance regulating the use of
signs and transparencies projecting over
streets was deferred until the opinion of,
the City Attorney as to its legality is
obtained. Reed held that the permission
to maintain permanent encroachments
was illegal on its face. j
The ordinance requiring owners | of
fences to file an indemnity bond was fin
ally passed. , • . "'>
An ordinance transferring a school lot
on San Bruno avenue, near Twenty-nftn
street, from the school to the flre depart
n.ent for the erection thereon of an en
gine house, went over for one week that
it might be ascertained whether or not.
the Board of Education approves the
transfer.
An ordinance providing for the accept
ance of Jackson street from Walnut to
laurel, Washington street from Maple to
Spruce and Alameda street between Kan
sas and Rhode Island was passed to print.
Bepaving of Four Downtown Blocks
Is Ordered Again— Owners of
Fences Must File In-; y v
demnity Bonds.
State Senate Asked to Pass
Bill for Purchase of
Redwoods.
MATTERS OF CITY BUSINESS
DISCUSSED BY SUPERVISORS
Schussler Declares the City
Engineer Undervalued
Preparty.
Takes Exception to Being Exclude*
From. Secret Session, at "Whicli.
Water Bate Ordinance
Is Adopted.
Tho Spring Valley Water Compary
filed a formal protest yesterday against
the adoption of the ordinance fixing th>.
water rates for the next fiscal year. CfcieJ
Engineer Schussler submitted a volumi
nous statement in which he used spe
cious arguments to show why the rare*
should be based on a higher valuat'o:i
than 724.667,800 as fixed by City Ehgin r
Grunsky. Schussler presented figures t>
show that undervaluations and omissW.-i
amounting to 5S.217.325 in the City En
gineer's estimate would increase the vaiu-j
to .532.SS5.125. Schussler also vlgorou >\y
protested against being excluded from
the secret session of the board at wt.: i
the r cites were fixed on. the City. Ekjt.
neer's estimate.
Mayor Phrlan took exception to Schus
sler's assertion that the board had heJl
a -secret session. It was later admitte.l.
however, that only the Supervisors were
present and every one else was exclu>l<.l
from the meeting room.
Scretary Ames stated that Instead of a.
decrease of Jloy.ouo in the revenue la^r
year the company had actually suffers :
a loss of J161.W0 by reduced rates. Araci
said he would prove it, which led Re* I
to remark that the testimony of the com
pany's own witnesses would have to 1 »
eliminated in order to come to that con
clusion.
Schussler took occasion to say that h<»
had been assured by Connor and Reel
that he would be recalled on the erenln^
the ordinance was discussed at the secrer.
session: Both Supervisors denied the soft
Impeachment.
"Then you have forgotten it," replle I
Schussler. "The evidence has not beer,
closed. I certainly expected to be heaM
in rebuttal of Grunsky'a statement, when
I left at 6 o'clock. I -went to dinner with
Mr. Reed and we discussed what amount
of pipe and number of hydrants the com
pany would place if the rates were not
disturbed. I can prove before a court that
the City Engineer has greatly under
valued the property. In fact he onca
gave figures as a private citizen that wer*
greatly In excess of those he gave as ati
expert to this board."
The discussion was ended by th<» Mayor,
who said the rates had been adopted, but
that Schussler's statement would be re
ceived as a protest. In tli-j meantima
copies will be furnished the Supervisors
and final action will be taken next lion
day. ' _
Mayor Deplores Publication
of Winning Lottery
Numbers.
School Board Asked to Move Toward
Enabling Pupils to Take Ad
vantage of Half -Fare
Ordinance.
Tobln presented an ordinance to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday which 13
designed ; to "prohibit the passing, pub
lishing, printing, giving, delivery or cir
culation or distribution of lottery draw
ings or the publishing or distribution of
newspapers, magazines, writings, prints,
bills, handbills, cards, instruments or de-
Vices representing declarations, state
ments or memoranda or copies of the
lucky or winning characters, numbers or
figures in a lottery or lottery drawing,"
The ordinance makes its violation a mis
demeanor, punishable by a fine of $500, or
imprisonment for six months.
Tobln had left the meeting when the
resolution . was read by title, but tho
Mayor, who Is responsible for Its Intro
duction, assured the board that it is a
good measure and Incidentally delivered
his usual fling at the newspapers.
"This ordinance," said his Honor. Is
merely amendatory of the one now In
force and brings the newspapers under
its provisions. A Police Court Judge has
decided that the word 'paper' In the pres
ent ordinance does not mean 'newspaper,
so conviction is impossible. The only rea
son why lotteries exist is because they get
encouragement from the press. • •'•
His Honor then referred the ordinance
to the Police Committee.
The board re-enacted the present ordi
nance, fixing the maximum price to be
charged for gas for illuminating and heat
ing purposes as the rate lor the ensuing
year. J
The Board of Education was requested
to take such steps as will enable school
children to avail themselves of the privi
leges granted by the 2Va cent fare ordi
nance as soon as it takes effect.
The- resolution recommending to tlu»
Boards of Public Works and Fire
Wardens that they approve of the con
struction of a steel, wire lath and plaster
partition, extending from the top of th?
existing wall across the proscenium of
the Grand Opera-house to the stage roof
in lieu of the extension of the brick wall,
was referred to the Joint Committee o.i
Judiciary and Fire.
The Board of Works was requested to
advise whether it is expedient to repave
all streets in the business section of th!-5
city at the official grade.
The ordinance imposing a license of $5
per annum on wagons drawn by two
horses and $10 per annum on those drawn
by more than two horses was Indefinitely
postponed. Similar action was taken < n
the bill imposing a license of (10 for each
load weighing more than fifteen tons.
THE SAN^FRANCISGO "CALL, TUESDAY^ MARCH 12; 1901.
Ambition often prevents a man from
.making a success of small things. /
.^During the afternoon Captain D J
Rumb&ugh, L..O. Kellogg, Al C. Blngham
and others < were out on the course for
practice. Captain- Rumbaugh made one
excellent round in 46. It is probable that
some of the eight players who qualified
to take part in the competition for the
council's cup will play their matches dur
ing the next few days, as the course and
the putting-preens are in splendid condi
tion. The wind, however. Is already blow-
Ing pretty strongly in the afternoons.
tournament over eighteen holes, hiatch
p.ay. yesterday morning on the Presid'o
links, one of the teams being captained
by Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, and the othe
by Miss Alice Hoffman. Though Mrs"
Brown was in great form and beat Mi«s
Alice Hoffman 10 up. her side would havo
won on Miss Drum's score alone. As It
was. Mrs. Brown's team scored 18 against
5. thus winning 13 up. Miss Hoffman ha?
been absent from the links so long tha*
she is not playing her usual strong game*
The full scores are given In the table:
LADIES' TEAMS PLAY
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
Mrs. Brown's Side Wins Easy Victory
Over Team Captained by Miss
Hoffman.
Two teams of four ladies engaged in a
THTTRSTON AND CBIBB
ABE TO BATTLE AGAIN
4
Mrs. Brown's I Miss Hoffman's
Team. Up. Team. ¦ Up
Mrs. R. G. Brown. 10 ,Mlss A. Hoffman 5"
Miss S. Drum 6 Miss D. Dolbeer .. 0
Miss C. Crockett..'. 2 Miss F. Ives o
Miss Josselyn 0 Miss E. Morgan.. 5
• - ¦ 1 — -
Total: I 18 1 Total j 5
Mrs. Brown's I Miss Hoffman's
Team. Up. Team. ¦ Up
Mrs. R. G. Brown. 10 ,Mlss A. Hoffman 5"
Miss S. Drum 6 Miss D. Dolbeer .. 0
Miss C. Crockett..'. 2 Miss F. Ives o
Miss Josselyn 0 Miss E. Morgan.. 5
• - ¦ 1 — -
Total: I 18 1 Total j 5
"My little daughter became afflicted with
•crcfula, which affected her eyes," write* Mrs,
Afrr.cs L- Duacan, of Mansfield. Schswtiaa Co.,
Ark. "She cotaid not bear the light far over a
year. 'We tried to cure. her eyes, trat Ecthlnsz
cid as j; good. We bad our borne physician ana
fce fcM*cd us t» take her to an oculist, at her
eyelils would have to be 'scraped.' They had
becosse so tbict he thougtit she. would never
recover her sight. As there -was no one else to
whosi ire could apply my beart sank, within
me. I went to your Common Sense Medical
Adriser,' read your treatment on scrofula, get-
ting' the properties of medicines there advised.
With 3*re Hottle« of ' Golden Medical Discovery '
I have ectlrehr cured ray child.
"Hoping tlAs will be of some tue to you and
a Messicg to Cher sufferers, j with heartfelt
tV.ifnfc-*. I remain."
- Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are
an excellent laxative for children.
They are easy to take and thorough
in action.
Pierces the mother's heart like a sword.
Often the mother who would do every-
thing for thr little one 6he loves, is ut-
terly impotent to help and finds no
help in physicians. That was the case
with Mrs. Duncan, whose little one was
V&AJ H** JL. ' Ul fc-,-W M almost blind with
j^J$5?j**'iV^- 1 pj| scrofula. But
W$&^}£'*^\\^ fortunately she
fe||L-t£?^«v£^^ ery and eo cured
S-r**!^ 5^ SzTziif the child without
S=?ffwp*2» resorting to a
f £ i lit aC/'^^&\ painful operation.
HjJJ^^V >( The great blood-
purifying proper-
V ' ties of Dr. Pierce's
X Golden Medical
J* Discovery have
been proved over
S^^^^f aa<^ w^r ag3in in
/^r f cases of scrofula,
' * eczema, eruptions
«nd other diseases -which are caused by
an impure condition of the blood. It
entirely eradicates the poisons which
feed disease, and builds up the body
with sound, healthy flesh.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DAHLBEKDER DRrG CO.. 214 Kearny «t
Send 25c In 2c Elaxnps to W. -K. McBurney.
«1S S. Sprlnr t-t.. !»¦ Anpeles. Cal.. for S
Cays" treatment. Prepaid Jl Ou. DrugeUts.
FOR SALE AT
eoNE rupee
BOTTLE LUtitO
MCBURNEY'8
rvxuney cure
A .thorough enro loir
pains in the back, ' ../ $¦
E RIGHT'S DISEASE/
female troubles, incon^
uuence oi urine, brick dust deposits, bed-
vetting of children, gravel, gall otonee,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism- - •
TWHy Bette/3^5hoe5J
\S% wl Because, doing the largest shoe Jw \ y
//f^SEZfbW business on the Pacific. Coast, and Bf.TQ
Jj/Olr k4 buying in the largest quantitic3 gl Tsr-^F" s\
*€f mu - HI for cash, we can afford to - make B . 0 © v3 Vk
tfj'&li We cannot afford to sell poor (a ffAJ? *A
/"^ «T/f^ii WfcP shoes. Our reputation will not fca t(7li
%|| +/ m p A RTMENT one hundred varie- j|
— _ b you have ever before had at the u *
i /Vs fl^I £2 popu^ ar p " ce °* $3-50, come to us. W'THy
0^^ WAite House' J§NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the - early mornlnic tides arc Riven In the left
hand 'colunyt and the successive tides ot the
The eteamer Curacao ea lied Saturday for
Mexican ports with a general cargo valued at
SS2.S3S, Including the following: 63 bxs appl?s,
C cs acid, 50 cs apolllnaris. 4121 lt>s bird seed.
2287 n>B bread. 502 ctl« barley, 1322 It>s butter,
20.070 rt>» bluestone, 3568 lbs beans, 10 cs brandy.
20C2 lt>s bran. 23 c» baking powder, 22 cs canned
goods. 1SS2 Iti copper. 40 bbls cement, 9 pkfjs
car material, 716 lbs dried fruit,- 20 cs dry
Koods. 11 cs electrical Eoods, 10 cs eggs, 10
crs furniture, 1314 pkR3 groceries,' 9 bbls ginger
ale, 310 '.bales hoy, 1G7 pkgn hardware, 67.2M
ft lumber, IS pigs lead, 70 c« liquors, 1HS Its
Large Cargo on the Curacao.
The Diamond Head will load' merchandise
for Honolulu; the Mohican, same' voyage; the
Repeat, merchandise for Santa Rosalia.
The British ship Cape Horn was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe, 3"s Cd.
Shipping 'Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners, and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Bertha ¦was from "Welhalwel. also
in ballast, and she must have been off the
During the last few days the British
ships Andrada and Cape Wrath and the
German shjp Bertha have 'been given up
as lost. Strange, to say. all three were
bound for Portland, Or., and two of them
were spoken off the Columbia River. The
Andrada was from Santa Rosalia in bal
last and on December 11 last she was off
the Columbia River. Pilot Gporge Cord
ner boarded her, but a gale sprang- up
and he had to take the nhip off shore.
From that day to this the Andrada has
never been seen.
Be Tempted to Take Chances .
Vessels on Which Gamblers Cannot
CANNOT BE REINSURED.
Other vessels that are being reinsured
are the Ardnamurcnan, 98 days out from
Frazer River for , Liverpool, on which 50
per cent is being paid; Henry Hackfield.
211 days from Philadelphia .for Nagasaki.
30 per cent; Khorasan, 221 days from Tam
pa for Yokohama. 50 per cent, and Eliza
Nicholson, 106 days from New Westmin
ster, B. C. for Shanghai. DO per cent.
The Arnamurchan will not be due in Eng
land for another month. The reason why
reinsurance Is being paid on her is that
salmon that Is said to have been stowed
in her lower hold when she went to sea
has washed ashore on the Oregon coast.
The John McDonald left Baltimore on
September 18 in charge of Captain Watts,
while his brother sailed on August 23 In
charge of the bark Pactolus on a similar
voyage. The brothers had not met for
years and were in hopes of having a chat
at Baltimore. They were disappointed,
however. On December 6 last the Pacto
lus was In latitude 56 degrees 5 minutes
south, longitude 67 degrees 5 minute* west
(about ten miles south of Cape Horn).
Strange to say, there was no wind to
speak of and a calm sea. When the mists
cleared away. a ship was sighted about a
mile away and it did not take long to
make her out as the John McDonald.
Captain Watts of the Pactolus eoon had
a beat in the water and inside of half an
hour he was shaking his brother's hand.
They had a long chat, and then the cap
tain of the Pactolus returned to his ves
sel and soon both ship and bark were
headed again for San Francisco. The
Pactolus arrived here February 3 and la
now on her way to New Whatcom to load
lumber for Cape Town, but there is no
word from the John McDonald. The voy
age is not long enough to warrant 40 per
cent reinsurance, but then the underwrit
ers are afraid of spontaneous combustion
In the coal cargo.
psys-^HE opening months of the new
I century have been the most disas-
I trous to Pacific Coast shipping
11 ever known. Quite a. number of
coasters have been wrecked, half
a dozen deep water ships have been either
posted as missing or are not reinsurable,
¦while five more are In the doubtful col
umn. On the John McDonald, now out
175 days from Baltimore for San Fran
cisco, 40 per cent is being offered to rein
sure vessel and coal cargo, but there are
few takers.
Charles Nelson has purchased the
6teamer Santa Ana from A. W. Beadle &
Co. The vessel Is now on' the Sound load
ing for Honolulu.
The American ship McLaurln, which
took a load of coal from Philadelphia to
Manila for the American navy, arrived
from the Philippines yesterday. It is said
that she has been purchased by the Alas
ka Packers' Association and will uo to
Bristol Bay this season. :
Half a dozen dories, owned by C. E.
Whitney & Co., that were cut adrift by
a bay schooner about a week ago, were
recovered at Goat Island training station
yesterday. The boats are to be used In
codfishing this season and had ' been
taken to Hunters Point to be overhauled.
They were all moored on a 'long line and
when the schooner broke the cable they
all went adrift. .
The bar was breaking yesterday and
all incoming and outgoing vessels had to
take the north channel.
Water Front Notes.
During the month of April the captains
of vessels coming from foreign ports aro
sure to do some cursing when they reach
the San Francisco bar. Of course, the
first object they will look for will be the
lightship, but that craft with its warn
ing whistle will not be there. The Gov
ernment has issued a notice to mariners
which states that about April 1 light ves
sel No. 70 will be withdrawn for repairs
and that a red gas buoy with "light ves
sel moorings" painted on it in black let
ters will take its place. The question is
being asked, "Is It not about time that
San Francisco had' a second lightship?"
Surely there were enough accidents last
year when the lightship came in to war
rant the expenditure.
Lightship Coming In.
The schooner Albion discharged her car
go of lumber In the channel above the
Fourth-street bridge Sunday. Yesterday
she was ready for sea and the drawbridge
was opened to let her through. By some
unknown means she was swung broad
side on and her bowsprit went clear,
through the Email house used as an office
by State Wharfinger Francoeur. The lat
ter gentleman had a narrow escape, as
he jumped Just in time to get out of the
way. The house was pierced through
both walls and moved about twenty feet
along the wharf. The Albion was finally
got clear and anchored off Mission Rock.
Schooner Albion Makes Trouble.
The French four-masted steel bark Cap
Horn arrived from Iquiquo yesterday
after a good run of fifty-one days. ¦ She
1b a water ballast vessel, but neverthe
less brought along with her 1241 tons of
the coal cargo she took aboard at New
castle. N. S. W.. in November last. The
Cap Horn is 2372 tons net burden, 303 feet
7 inches long, 44 feet 6 Inches beam and
24 feet 2 inches deep. She sailed from
Newcastle, N. S. W.; on November 6
with about 5000 tons of coal. The con
signees in Iqulque did not want that
much coal, so 1241 tons of It had to be
brought here, and the Cap Horn had no
use for water ballast. This is her first
voyage to San • Francisco.
Bark Cap Horn Arrives.
The owners of the Cape Wrath have
been very unfortunate with vessels sent
to the Pacific. Coast. In 1&99 they sent the
steel four-masted bark Dominion from
Cardiff to Honolulu with a cargo of coal.
Captain Merldeth, who had commanded
her from th» day she went into commis
sion, was given a new ship— the Annie
Thomas— and a new man took the Domin
ion out. From Honolulu the- Dominion
started for Victoria, B. C, and from that
day to this nothing has ever been heard
of her.
In -1900 Captain Merideth sailed from
Cardiff for Acapulco in the Annie Thom
as. Neither master nor vessel have ever
been heard from since. The Wrath Is a
new ship and she took a cargo of coal
from Cardiff to Callao. After discharg
ing her cargo she started for Portland in
ballast. Seafaring men are of the opin
ion that the remains of the Andrada, Ber
tha and Cape Wrath will be found on
the rocky coast of Vancouver Island.
A sister ship to the Andrada— the Ande
lana — capsized in a squall while anchored
In Tacoma harbor and every soul on
board was drowned. Many attempts were
made to raise the ship, but she still lies
at thj bottom of the Sound.
Columbia River In Company with the An
drada and Capo Wrath.
The Cape Wrath was from Callao, ami
on January 15 last she was spoken oft the
Columbia River. A gale sprang up and
she also had to stand off shore. Rein
surance on her grew from 10 to 95 per cent
in a few weeks and now no one can be
found to tnke a chance on her.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 11.— Wilhelm
F. Hess, aged T.2 years, committed suicide
by hanging himself at his home, four
miles vrrft of Portland, this morning. He
was despondent on account of ill-health.
Ends Life by Hanging.
NAPA, March 11.— Mrs. George "vTall
xnan. a. native of Germany, aged 41 years,
a patient of the Napa State Hospital,
committed suicide this morning by hang
ing. She wac committed to the asylum in
February, 1900.
Buicids in Napa Asylum.
LOS ANGELES. March 1L— It developed
to-day that the real name of the man
who wat run over and killed here yester
day bv the Southern Pacific overland
from £an Francisco was not Frank Bar
ton, but Cvrus Austin- He was a son of H.
Austin, who lives at Campbell Junction.
flftjr miles from San Francisco. The acci
dent was directly due to the victim's own
recklessness. He attempted to board the
pwiftly moving train merely to show a
companion "how it Is done." missed his
jjrab for the handrail and fell beneath the
rails.
Becklessness Costs His Life.
SAN JOSE. March 11. — A burglar known
as "the dentist" to the police of the State
visited San Jose last evening and inci
dentally two dental offices, taking about
573 in gold. Dr. Gaston's office at First
and Santa Clara streets was entered with
a jimmy and $25 in tjold filling taken. The
rooms of Dr. Freeman, In the Rea build
ing, were then visited and EO worth of
gold obtained.
Three months ago a number of dentists*
offices here were robbed in the same man
ner and more than £200 worth of gold and
fixtures stolen. Other places throughout
the State have been visited by this mys
terious burglar.
in the Garden City.
notorious Burglar Again Operating
"THE DENTIST" AT WORK
Mrs. Corcoran, on the witness stand,
charged that her husband strangled her
into insensibility In 189t> and once forced
rer to sign a document at the point of a
pistol.
STOCKTON. March 1L— The divorce suit
of Ella M. Corcoran against H. J. Corcor
en was called in Judge Budd's court this
morning. "W. B. Nutter ¦was present with
Mrs. Corcoran and no one appeared for
the defendant, who was absent. Mrs. Cor
coran and Mrs. Alma Cowell gave testi
mony. Judge Budd granted the divorce.
giving the wife custody of the minor
child a boy. and allowing her 5100 a
month alimony.
Husband Does Not Appear in Court
to Make a Contest.
DIVOKCE FOB UBS. COBOOBAN.
LOS GATOS. March 11.— Another un
successful attempt to burn the town Jail
was made to-day. John Bleresdcrff, ¦while
under the influence of liquor, drew a re
volver and threatened to kill one of a
crowd of schoolboys. He was taken home
l>v Constable Pearson, where he drove his
Wife from the house with a hatchet. He
was then taken to the town jail and left
to sober up.
He had 1-ecn there but a short time
when s:noke was seen issuing from the
¦window of his cell. Au alarm was turned
In and the fire company extinguished the
fire, giving Bieresdorff a thorough duck
ing besides.
stroy the Town Jail.
Ix>s Gatos Prisoner Attempts to De-
SETS FIRE TO HIS CELL.
PAN* JOPE. March 11.— Lillian M. Stef
fanl. a ynunp la.1v of this city. Is the
pSaimiJT In a S-Vi.ftOO damage suit against
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
which began before a jury In Judge
Rhodes' court this morning. The case is
an especially pad one. Miss Steffanl has
been permaAently lrjured through being
etruck by a rock thrown by a hoodlum
on an excursion train as It was passing a
train in which she was riding. The In-
Jury was received on May 7, 1S99, at the
depot of Hurllr.game. Miss Steffanl was
e pa ssvnger on a train from San Fran
cisco hound for this city. The rock hurled
fr^m tiis picnic train hit her on the left
temp!<\ She was rendered unconscious
and over since then has been a sufferer
from her injuries. Her limbs below the
Xr.ee are paralyzed and she Is a sufferer
from locomotor ataxia. At times she has
epileptic ills and goes Into spasms that
last from fifteen to twenty nrfnutes.
These conditions of the patient were
outlined In the opening statement of D.
M. Delmas, counsel for the plaintiff. He
scored the railroad for bringing roughs
ftiid hoodlums on excursion trains to di*-
VST?' the peace and quietude of this city
fcji^ said the company was responsible for
the injuries Miss Si'effani received while
• passenger on Its train. He said the
girl would "continue to be a linpermg
wreck, her life a lingering death." In
two years there had been no improvement
in her health, although a Southern Pa
cific physician had treated her and other
doctors had been engaged In the case.
Miss N'orma StefTani. a sister, and Mrs.
Eteffanl, the mother of the plaintiff, were
examined this afternoon. Some medical
testimony was also given.
Special r>i*ratch to Th« Ca.ll.
Bock Hurled Through a Car Window
by a Bough Permanently In
jures Miss Lillian M.
SteffanL
Sad Story Told in a Dam
age Suit Against South
ern Pacific.
RUFFIAN'S ACT
WRECKS A LIFE
SANTA ROSA. MaTch 11.— The Petaluma
Theater property was sold to-day In the
Superior Court here to A. J.: Bloom, a
rancher of Chlleno Valley. The price wa3
$4420. u.v-v" • . ' - ¦
TO SAIL.
Edmonstone could not . stand . the dis
grace of his arrest and Its denouement
and soon after hi$ matrlate came to Cal
ifornia. Here he decided. to brine suit to
break the marital borids. Edmonstone. as
serts that he married Ihc girl because of
her father's threats. i ." "*
RIVERSIDE. March 11.— The prelim
inary skirmish in what promises to be ono
of the most remarkable cases ever tried
in jthe State took place before Judg?
Noyes of the Riverside County Superior
Court to-day. The suit Is brought to an
nul a marriage which took place in God
erlck. Canada, on June 24, 1898. Archibald
Kdmonstone Is the plaintiff and his wi**,
Winnie Edmonstone, the defendant. Mrr.
Edmonstone is now. only Its years of age.
having been married at the age of 13
years and 6 months. The plaintiff is 12
years her senior.
Edmonstone seeks to have his marital
bonds severed on the cround that they
were forced upon him bv threats an 1
duress, and he names. the girl's father as
a party to the suit.
The complaint and its answer, which
were In evidence . in to-day's hearing,
agreed on some of the more salient points
of- the case, and reveal a condition of af
fairs distinctly peculiar. Archibald and
Wlnnie> were neighbors in a little Cana
dian town. They loved not too wisely,
and young: Edmonstone was placed under
arrest for a crime which in Canada is pun
ishable by both whipping and a long term
in the penitentiary. The Queen's counsel
and the young man's attorneys, the most
noted criminal lawyers In the province,
held a conference and it was agreed thai
if Edmonstone would marry the girl the
prosecution would be dropped. The al
ternative was eagerly accepted, and the
marriage' took place without further a-'o.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Husband Sues, to
Annul Marriage to His
Child-Wife.
CLAIMS HE WAS
FORCED TO WED
malt, 116 pkgs machinery, 33 cs mineral water,
23 kegs 16 cs nails, 43 era onions, 1527 lbs oats.
10 bales oakum. 73 cs 10 bbls oil, 87 cs paint
31 bdls 3 rs paper. 350 era potatoes. 639 pk»;s
pipe. 59 pkgs paste. 200 flasks quicksilver, 430O
lbs rice, 13 pkgs ral^ine. 23 bdls spices, 833
bills shocks, 750 steel rails, 41 cs Rtationery
J239 lbs sago, 40S0 lbs coda, J6 cs salmon. 117
ttis tra. 80 pkgs tank material. 20 bdls shingles
19 pigs tin. 231 crs ve^i-tables. 20 pkgs wucon
material, 11 cs 7309 *als wine, 353 cs 134 gals
wine.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Auldgirth cleared yesterday
for Falmouth for orders with 56,420 ctls wheat
valued at $J5.2CO and 17,000 ft lumber as dun
nage valued at J2&0.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO KAY, CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that Berkeley Reef
beacon. a • single pile crossed with boards,
painted red and black horizontal stripes, which
disappeared February n, has been rebuilt in
practically the old position.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1901." paj?e 24.
Uy order of the Lighthouse Board.
_ U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District. '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• Monday. March 11.
Ptmr Aberdeen. Jensen, 66 hours from San
Dieg-o, via San Pedro 37 hours.
Stmr Columbia. Uoran, 63>i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 4S hours.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, HlgBins, 44 hours from San
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 43 hours from Sa i
Pedro.
Ship VcLnurln, Oakes. 61 days from Manila.
Fr ship Cap Horn. Hamon, 51 days from
Iqulque.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, 8 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours from San
Dleso.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson. 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Rio Rey, Olsen. 2 days from Mendoclno.
CLEARED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, March 11.
p Stmr Bonlta. Xopander. San Pedro; Goodall,
Stmr- State of California, Jepsen, Victoria
and Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co
i Whaling Etmr William Baylies. Cottle, whal
ing- cruise: William Lewis.
Ur ship Auldgirth. McConnell, Queenstown:
L KaufTman.
SAILED.
Monday, March 11.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen. Kureka
Stmr Sun Pedro, Jahnsen. Kureka,
Stmr Samoa. Higelns, Eureka.
fitmr Noyo, Johnson, .
Stmr Luella, Madscn, .
DOMESTIC POUTS
rOIXT LOBOS, March 11. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind JsW. velocity 20 miles per hour.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FORT HADLOCK-Salled March 10-Stmr
Robert Dollar, for San Francisco xv^ aimr
MARSHKIELD-Arrived March 11— Stmr Ar
go, hence March 7.
ASTORIA-Arrlved March 11-Er Btmr Good
win, from China; stmr GelfcAV Elder henco
March S; stmr Fulton, hence March 8
SAN DIEGO-Sailed March U-Stm'r Nome
City, for San Franeisco.
PORT TCHVXSKXD-Salled March &-Schr'B
K ood. for Haiphong.
SEATTLE-Sallcd March 10-Stmr City of
Seattle, for Alaska; stmr Leelanaw. for San
Francisco; schr Martha W Tuft, for Yakutat
Arrived March 11— Stmr Santa Ana. hence
GRAYS HARDOR-Arrlved March 11-Stmr
Sequoia, hence March 7. ...
EUREKA-Arrlved March 11— Stmrs Alliance
and North Fork, hence March 9.
Sailed . March 11— Stmr Pomona, for San*
Francisco.
ANTWERP-Arrlved March 9-Br ship Mil
verton. hence Oct 19.
_ Sailed March 8— Br ship Harlech Castle, for
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 3— Br ship Aca
mat, • hence Nov 3.
HULL-Arrlved March 9-Br ihip Glencalrd,
hence Oct 10.
QUEENSTOWX- Sailed March 9— Br ship
Penthesllea, for San Francisco • .
SWANSEA— Sailed March 9— Br ship Many
down, for San Francisco.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed March 7— Bktn Re
triever, for Port Hadlcck.
COROXEI^-Salled March 10— Stmr Hawaiian.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 11— Jap etmr
Nipnon Maru, hence Feb 19.
• NANAIMO— Sailed March 10— Nor «tmr Tita
nla, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
GLASGOW— Arrived March 11— Stmr Sar
matlan, from Boston.
NEW YORK-Arrived March 11-Stmr Stat
endam. from Rotterdam and Boulogne
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived March 11— Stmr
Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York
and proceeded for Bremen.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and- Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance • to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ' L
NOTK— The high and low waters lecur at
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort' Point;
tho height of ,tid9 is the same at both places.
day in the order of occurrence as 'to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number, given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
13 the mean of the lower low waters.
fcrmlty with the laws of Michigan, Minnesota.
Icwa, Oregon and North Dakota, and even
more liberal laws, would create much less
agitation throughout the country than the
practice which ' has heretofore b»en resorted
to of arresting: every few weeks some Mormon
on a charge of unlawful acts and. having: the
crrest announced In glowing headlines by all
those newspapers throughout the country whlojji
can be induced to take up an anti-Mormon
crusade.
Kverybody knows that these arrests have
been made for political and religious purposes,
and not with any patriotic desire to enforce
the law. Within the laft ten years much more
than hnlf of those Involved in polygamous re
lations have passed away by death or those re
lations have been otherwise dissolved. Most
ot those rematning are advanced in years, and
no good cr honorable purpose .can be subserved
by prosecuting the few remaining polygamlsts.
Kvery ons of these prosecutions Is a source of
regret to fully SO per cent of the people of
Utah, for the reason that' such proceedings
create an agitation harmful to the State. It
may be that an agitation more harmful can
b Inaugurated by reason of the passage of this
law, but I do not believe it. To use the old
metaphor, we are between the devil and tne
deep sea, and the bill is Intended to relieve
the State of a condition of affairs more harm
ful, in my opinion, than this bill could pos
sibly be. Surely the United States will per
mit Utah to act In her domestic concerns with
as much freedom as is allowed such States
as those I have named, especially when the
terms of the enabling act and our State con
stitution have been strictly compiled with. I
have in this matter acted with the best mo
tive and according to what. In my Judgment,
is for the best interests of the commonwealth.
" Representative W.*G. Van Horn of Salt
Lake, who made an impassioned speech
against the passage of the bill In the
House to-day, gave the following state
ment:
The first object of the bill is indubitably to
prevent the prosecution of those maintaining
polygamous relations Ions since contracted.
The effect, however, will probably be to have
adopted a constitutional amendment giving
rower to Congress to legislate against polyga
mous and unlawful cohabitation. Laws passed
under curb an amendment will be prosecuted
by United States District Attorneys swern to
enforce the law and violations will be care
fully looked up by United States Marshals and
their assistants. There will thus be a return
to conditions prevalent during the ajtgresslve
prosecutions under the Edmunds-Tucker law,
when hundreds of prominent Mormons were
Imprisoned for their polygamous practices and
numbers of others were In hiding or out of
Utah to avoid arrest.
There will, however. In case of prosecution,
bf additional hardships over those suffered In
former times. Those men convicted were im
prisoned here, near their homes, and were
deemed by their neighbors as martyrs rather
than criminals. Convicted under United States
low they would be confined In United States
prisons "outside of Utah and "away from the
support and consolation of their friends. I
opposed the bill In all friendship for the law
ohiding people of Utah and with pity for the
suffering that those not strictly law-nbicllncr
will brln^.upon themselves. It is a distinct
step backward and can bring naught but
misery.
Author of the Measure Declares It
Was Framed to Prevent the Pe
riodical Furor Against
• » •
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 11.— To-day,
three days before the Legislature comes
to a close, the House, by a vote of 25 to
17, and after an exciting debate. In which
more than a dozen members participated,
passed the Evans Senate bill amending
that portion of the. revised statutes of
Utah to prosecutions tor Infidel
ity.-Having passed the Senate last week
by a vote of 11 to 7, the document now
goes to the Governor for signature.
This bill, which was Introduced by Sen
ator A. J. Evans of Juab county, has
caused more discussion and more feeling
than any measure Introduced at the pres
ent session of the Legislature. . Its text is
as follows: i.\-r.
Every person who has reason to believe that
a crime or public offense has been committed
by another person may make complaint against
such person before some magistrate having au
thority to make inquiry of .same; provided that
no prosecution shall be commenced except on
complaint of the husband or wife or relative
of the accused within the first degree of con
sanguinity or of a person with whom the un
lawful act Is alleged to have been committed,
or of the father or mother of said- person, and
no prosecution shall be commenced except on
complaint' of the wife or alleged plural wife
of the accused; but this proviso shall not ap
ply to prosecutions under section 420S of the
revised statutes of Utah, 1898, denning and
punishing polygamous marriages.
In answer to a request for a statement
as to the object of the bill, Senator Evans,
its author, furnished the following:
My object in presenting the bill was two
fold. In the first place it was intended to keep
down public agitation by taking away from
certain agitators the opportunity to arouse
periodic furores against the Mormons, directly
and indirectly against the State of Utah, and
for that reason its primary purpose was for
the general good of the State. I believe that
& general law upon our statute books. In con-
Bill Regarding Prosecution
for Infidelity Passes
Legislature.
POLYGAMY LAW
AROUSES UTAH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1901.
5
One Firm of Shipowners Loses Three of Its Fleet on
Pacific Coast in Three Years.
MUCH UNEASINESS CAUSED
BY VESSELS BEING OVERDUE
BRITISH SHIP CAPE WRATH IN A GALE OFF THE COAST OF OREGON. SHE WAS LAST SPOKEN OFF THE
COLUMBIA RIVER BAR, BUT THE VESSEL HAS XOT BEEN HEARD FROM SINCE AND IS GIVEN UP FOR
• LOST.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TUESDAY, MARCH 12.
Bun I
Sun 1
Moon
?
12
12 ...
1* ...
• s « 6:25
sets 6:11
rises ....0:14 a. m.
Time ¦ Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IMT . L W H \V • L W
¦ 3:2G 5.0 10:40 0.S 5:.">7 4 0 10-1* 1 3 1
.4:19 5.0 31:41 0.7 ,7:03 4.1 11-31 3 # >
5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4 <
L, W H W L. W h"\V ¦"•"'
I 0:44 3.0 6:31 R.O 1:3( 0.3 $-4:j 47
1:43 2.C .7:40 u.2 2:23 0.2 9:?,1 BO
2:3S 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.1
3:25 ,1.5 »M0 .1.5 . 3:5S 0.2 10:32 5.5
V, ...
16 ...
17 ./.
IS ...
' Steamer. I
Destination.
(Sails.
Pier.
March 12.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier »
Kureka .. Humboldt ) am Pier 12
State of Cal.. puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Honita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoraa.. 5 pm Pier 8
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 2 pm Pier 11
Mnwh 13.
Australia Tahiti * pm Pier 7
Queen......... San DI «, KO It am Pier 11
G-areDollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
En 'P lre Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
v.l; March 14.
Pomona...... Hutnboldt ....: 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Anjo.. Coqutlle Itiver...... 4 pm Pier 2
Ntme City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
.March 15." ": ¦¦
Rainier....... Seattle & X. What. 10 am Pier 2
Amer. Mnru. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Corona. Newport 9 amiPier 11
March. 10. I
ArcrU r ° os Bay ...; 12 mlPitr It
\V. Krager.. Tlllamook Bay .... 6 pm|Pler 13
Mariposu. ... Honolulu ..." 2 pmlPier 7
Coronado..... Crayn Harbor .Pier 2
Mandalay Coquille ; River " |Pier' 2
Point Arena. Folnt Arena... 2 pm|Pler 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am|Pler 2
. . March 17. I
AValla Walla. Pu^et Sound Pt»... 11 amlPier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dleso ...: 9 am|Pler 11
March IS. I -
Newport Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt .... .. 9 am|Pier 2
Bun I
Sun 1
Moon
?
12
12 ...
1* ...
• s « 6:25
sets 6:11
rises ....0:14 a. m.
Time ¦ Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IMT . L W H \V • L W
¦ 3:2G 5.0 10:40 0.S 5:.">7 4 0 10-1* 1 3 1
.4:19 5.0 31:41 0.7 ,7:03 4.1 11-31 3 # >
5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4 <
L, W H W L. W h"\V ¦"•"'
I 0:44 3.0 6:31 R.O 1:3( 0.3 $-4:j 47
1:43 2.C .7:40 u.2 2:23 0.2 9:?,1 BO
2:3S 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.1
3:25 ,1.5 »M0 .1.5 . 3:5S 0.2 10:32 5.5
V, ...
16 ...
17 ./.
IS ...
' Steamer. I
Destination.
(Sails.
Pier.
March 12.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier »
Kureka .. Humboldt ) am Pier 12
State of Cal.. puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Honita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoraa.. 5 pm Pier 8
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 2 pm Pier 11
Mnwh 13.
Australia Tahiti * pm Pier 7
Queen......... San DI «, KO It am Pier 11
G-areDollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
En 'P lre Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
v.l; March 14.
Pomona...... Hutnboldt ....: 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Anjo.. Coqutlle Itiver...... 4 pm Pier 2
Ntme City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
.March 15." ": ¦¦
Rainier....... Seattle & X. What. 10 am Pier 2
Amer. Mnru. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Corona. Newport 9 amiPier 11
March. 10. I
ArcrU r ° os Bay ...; 12 mlPitr It
\V. Krager.. Tlllamook Bay .... 6 pm|Pler 13
Mariposu. ... Honolulu ..." 2 pmlPier 7
Coronado..... Crayn Harbor .Pier 2
Mandalay Coquille ; River " |Pier' 2
Point Arena. Folnt Arena... 2 pm|Pler 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am|Pler 2
. . March 17. I
AValla Walla. Pu^et Sound Pt»... 11 amlPier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dleso ...: 9 am|Pler 11
March IS. I -
Newport Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt .... .. 9 am|Pier 2
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
D2. IULL'S RtlNYlGOKATOR^F^g^l
Five hundred rewanl for any £"Au 1^-*?^
ease we cannot cure. This secret SB Bit
remedy stops all lasses In 24 hours. \
cures Emission*. Impotoney, Va.-t- JpCT WTSL
cocrle. Gonorrhoea. Glret, Fu>. PT^ ?i
strictures. Lost Manhood anil all VUJ .*i •!•
waj'.ing c(T»cts of sjl'-abuse or KjS__ is^,
rxctssr*. iront sealed. $2 bottle; 3 K££s3Slsf<:
bottles, ti; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dre*s HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8iJ
Ilroadway. Oakland. Cxi. Also for sale at 1073 1 -,
Market it.. K. F. All urivate diseases quickly
cured. Fend for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULi USK OAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
great .Mexican remedy; rives health and
• trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
GJJ RRI^ Lnrtln A Hand WaterpmoC
U tAW W Smokeless Powder. In bulk
|| ¦ R3 and loaded la shells. Send
a kq via U t°r catalogue o: *porttn<
ygyO good*. GEO. W. SHREVE.
"i'J Market st.
visit OR. JORDAN'S ohcat
MUSEUM OF AHflTOHY
Qk 10m v.nm g. t»t fcMSh. sjr.ca.
TOT The Largest Anatomical Mrawa hi the
jj^ f^ V/orid. W e*£ncr*«« or a-»y ennrractea
- X£gUa divrne peii«l»rl7our»dr>y theoldeit
fl#£V{i Oft. JCS9&t-?eft ATE DISEASES
W©&5» C».T«ult3tfc*» fr~7 «nd Jtri-tw prints
B jf^Si 3 Tra ument personally r»r bv letter. A
fl YJ Vk J +m.tna Curtin every cue tsulsnakeo.
PJ] 1! I P Wrtc for bock, PBlLO«OrW«r
• J 111 VauHJAlit., MA1LSO VXU. JA
n /]/ ' Militate booh (or mrn)
till iTiKDAS « *••.. KBt Market St-.S. F.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strea:
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av».
To put your dress shirts to tho test of
standing tho wear and tear of ordinary
laundries— expensive, too.
Better put us to the test of doing them
rJftht. We'll prove to your satisfaction
that we can please you, add to the wear
of your linen and afford you peace of
mini in wearing it with cur domestic
finish.
Collars and cuffs— as well as dre?s
shirts— prove the rightness of our work.
No saw edses.
IT'S FOLLY
' ' ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
This picture tells its own story of sisterly affection. The
older girl, just budding into womanhood, has suffered great-
ly with those irregularities and menstrual difficulties which.
sap the life of so many young women. •
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound can
always be relied upon to restore health to women who thus
suffer. It is a sovereign cure for the worst forms of female
complaints, — that bearing-down feeling, weak back, falling
and displacement of the womb, inflammation of tho ovaries,
and all troubles of the uterus or womb. It dissolves and
expels tumors from the uterus in the early stage of develop-
ment and checks any tendency to cancerous humors." It
subdues excitability, nervous prostration, and tones up the
entire female system.
Could anything prove more dearly the ef-
ficiency of Mrsm Pinkham*s Medicine than the
following strong statement of Grace Stansbury?
*' Deah Mrs. Ptxkham : — I was a sufferer from female -weakness for
about a year and a half. I havo tried doctors and potent medicines, but
nothing 1 helped me. I underwent the horrors of local treatment, but re-
ceived no benefit. My ailment was pronounced nlcerat;on of the womb.
, . -. I suffered from intense pains in the womb and
ovaries, and the backache was dreadful. I had
<£i$J}$%S^fe*. leucorrhoea in its worst form. Finally, I pp*ew so
weak I had to keep my bed. Tiie pains were so «
w hard as to almost cause spasms. When I could
&> %t?^§l endure the pains no longer, I was piven morphine.
«; p^ «?»-«- i^j|j3} My memory grew short and I pave up all hope of
|j v£y «^»5» ?£§¦??'> getting' ¦well. Thus I drag-god along-. • 1*o please
• ¦ " * " / >j&!r m y s ** ter wr °te to Mrs. Pinkham for advice. Her
A 4l£§^ answer came, but meantime I was taken worse
y*^r** ©•* and was under the doctor's care for a while. ;
\^ - _/Ml . "After reading Mrs, Pinkham's letter. I con-
wtgg^^^ _, cludod to try her medicine. After taking two
L bottles I felt much better; but after using- six
??5§?iiij!^rW5^r?$ bottles I was cured. All cf my .friends think my
'^^^S^Jj^ff^ ** cure almost miraculous. I thank you vrry much
CRACE B.STANS8URY for your timejy advice and wish you prosperity
• ' ' in your noblo work, for surely it is a blessing to
broken-down -women. I have full and complete faith in the Lydia
E.Plnkham Vegetable Compound." — Gkacb B. Staxs'bukt,
Hcrington, Kansas. '
,
$I3S jfffSh, /iSS^k PTft V* * A f A EH ff% Omn; to the fact that some skeptical
|Q £ .fl • S fi 0 gsfii K5J M|c9| p-ople bavt from timr to time questioned
BL~v % | ' j h (R hESb wu falHy the genultieners of the testimonial letters
"m H 1 5 ' u D we are cnnstanc ' r publishing, we have
19 U 1 ] ¦ r 5-1 deposited with the National City Dank, of Lynn, Mass.. $5,000,
n JH h ft % ' r M which trill be paid to any person who will show that the above
P&Jy %r~*/ v^-J W|p testimonial is not genuine, or was published before obtaining tho
>^ H£y >®7 w^iier'a $^^1 permission.— I.TDIA IJ. Pixkham MEOlCl^a Cow
4U
LOKCEKf sated SXBSSGlH j
COMEANTS EXTRACTS
'OF BEEF".- ¦ H
L S^ ncd^-5^^fev in blue. J-
"c SrS" £& \^9t |g {I Ep ffl& JrS^t ?lA/W r B rfU 15^ '5
* : .i iRcc.d (Ho directions on the package and see if you are tfetfinfj j
3 B.H the Kelp from GOLD DUST that you can Have. . It is i
'4 better than ammonia a.nd soda, and much easier to use. l!
? House work is hard work without GOLD DUST. p
" . ¦- • Made only by .- ' '¦'¦'&¦ ' . E
| THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY |
« Chicago Now York Philadelphia. St. Louis Boston . Montreal f
* Also manufacturers of FAIRY SOAP feThe City Councilors of Topeka believe they have
Revised a harder blow, at the saloon-keepers than Mrs.
Nation ever gave with a hatchet. /They have enacted
an ordinance making it unlawful for a man to treac
another even in a private house. Furthermore, . any
man found in a place where liquor is sold is subject
to fine and imprisonment: It is an opera bouffe or
dinance as it stands, but the enforcement of it is going
to be a circus.
There wa*s a knock at SL Inter's (rate
of i< tS°&82 -r - aSk6d the S^iaxi
"Me," came the response.
"Who's me?"
"Open the gate and I'll show you •• '
"Oh, it's you. is it?" said St. Peter as h A
opened the pate. "What were, you lntf»
other world?" ine
"A messenger boy, your highness "
"And what's your ago?"
"Ninety- three years."
"Well, for a messenger boy I sut>dos«
you got here as quick as you couloV'!!
Yonkers Statesman. *-»juiu. —
'.They say that young Bcasley Is quite a
poet."
"Has he any other occupation?"
"Oh. yes. He puts the tags on the t>ork
at the Swift packing-housef" porK
"Ah, I see. Another Mark-ham!"
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Hiss Anteek— Yes. Indeed, I'm proud to
say that my grandfather was a '49er.
Miss Sharpe — How closely you resemble
him now.— Philadelphia Press. ~
He— This is your final answer?
She— Yes.
He— Well, you can't keep a grood man
down. Ill be around at this time to-mor
row to propose to you again,— Chicago
Record. *
His Worship (to prisoner, who has been
up every month for years)— Ebenezer
Noakea, aren't you ashamed to be seen
here so often?
"Bless yer worship, this place Is re
spectable ter some places where I'm
seen."— Tit-Bits.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
According to the Pittsburg Dispatch the proper
ties on which the steel trust has issued the famous
$1,190,000 of stocks and bonds can'be duplicated for
about $304,000,000, so any ordinary citizen who wishes
to get in and "bust the trust" can do it.
The Senators may talk of cloture, but they will
never practice it. There are too many spellbinders
in the body for the adoption of any plan of sawing
off speech just as the orator is"beginning to get in
terested in himself. • '
Dreyfus intends soon to place his impressions of
himself in book form on the'market Has he fallen
into the grievous error of supposing that a story of
martyrdom may be tainted, without injury, by com
mercialism? -'-fe
It will doubtless be a frequent item in the society
columns of Kansas papers hereafter that Mrs. Nation
after a grand afternoon hatchet party has retired to
her county jail to attend to her private correspond
ence.
- All of that is interesting enough as an explanation
of Kitchener's failure to capture Dewet, or Steyn, or
Botha, but it does not help the taxpayer much. The
British War Office reports show that at the beginning
of the year there were engaged in South- Africa in the
British armies 267,000 men.; The cost'of the war up
to that time had exceeded $400,000,000; wand the War
Office estimates for South Africa for the current year
arc about $300,000,000 more. Evidently, the pursuit of
Dewet is very much like that kind of pursuit of pleas
ure which is known the road to ruin. It cannot
be followed without/having money to burn.'
So irritated has the British public become over the
repeated successes of Dewet that Lord Roberts has
found it advisable to lemind his countrymen of the
magnitude of the field over which their troops have to
keep guard. His statement gives the following table
of distances over which his troops had to travel by
land: \ _
m Miles.
Cape Town to Pretoria 1,040*'
Pretoria to Komatlpoort : 200
Cape Town to Kimberley 647.
Kimberley, to Mafeking 223
Mafeking to Pretoria 160
Mafeking to Belra :..'........ .......... 1,135
Durban to Pretoria 511
It is further recalled to the attention of the grum
bling people at home that Cape Colony contains
something o\'er 277,000 square miles, Orange River
Colony more than 48,000 square miles, the Transvaal
more than 113,000 square miles, and Natal over 18,000
"square miles. Commenting upon those figures Lord
Roberts adds: "It will be seen that the army in
South Africa had to be distributed over 'an area of
greater extent than France and Germany .put to
gether, and, if we include that part of Rhodesia with
which we had to do, larger than the combined areas
of France, Germany and Austria."
1 » ROM the ease with which Dewet has managed
I to once more escape the British troops those who
* are watching the progress of the struggle in the
Transvaal will have another illustration of the diffi
cult task that confronts the British. The Boer gen
eral has proven his ability to enter Cape Colony, raid
it for three weeks, oDtain recruits from among the
Boer settlers of the country, get fresh horses and sup
plies, and escape in safety to the big, wild country
beyond the Orange K:ver.
DEWET AND MIS FIELD.
ALL the great nations of the world are busily
engaged, at a large cost, in constructing mighty
warships covered with heavy armor; but at the
same time scientists and inventors are loud in declar
ing that in a few years such ships will be worthless:
that the increasing power of explosives will soon en
able shot and shell to be hurled with such force that
any armor a ship can carry afloat will be as useless
in battle as the mail of a medieval kniglit against a
rifle ball
One of these authorities, Hudson Maxim, recently
said in a lecture in New York: "Some time within
the next six months the Government will undertake
experiments at Sandy Hook for the purpose of testing
the new high explosive known as Maximite. A struc
ture built of the strongest Kruppite plate, twelve
inches thick and as large as a modern battleship, will
be set up as a target. If, as I predict, this plate should
be destroyed at one shot, there will be wrought as
complete a revolution in naval architecture as resulted
from the building of the Monitor. Maximite is the
first high explosive satisfactory in other respects
which could be fired through armor plate of such
thickness as to make it available for armor-piercing
shells. When a projectile filled with Maximite is
exploded in flight it will be hurled at a velocity of
5000 feet a second."
The statement that the tests of the new explosive
are to be made within six months is encouraging.
There is nothing vague about such a statement. It
gives assurance that the Government and the public
are going to learn within a definite' time what Mr.
Maxim's prediction ii worth. His declaration that
the results will tend toward revolutionizing naval
architecture may prove true, but, even so, the revolu
tion will not be effected at once, and the Governments
of the powers are therefore acting with wisdom in
constructing warships they can rely upon under pres
ent conditions. It is not always safe to trust to ?.n
inventor.
In the meantime it will be interesting tonote what
Maxim thinks would be the effect on naval architec
ture should the results of the test of Maximite be
what he predicts. In the same lecture he said: "The
War vessel of the future will be a small unarmored
gunboat, capable of traveling at a high rate of speed.
Such a craft will com-; into use as the natural result
of the success of the aerial torpedo, and will afford
far more protection than the most powerful battle
ship."
The lecturer went on to say that the only foe which
could successfully contend against a swift cruiser
armed with guns using Maximite would be an auto
mobile torpedo boat traveling under water at the ran
of three-quarters of a mile in a minute. Such a boat,
he thinks, will soon be attained by means of a newly
invented propelling force said to be more powerful
than compressed air. Furthermore, he added: '"On
land the changes in warfare must be as great as on
sea. It will be no longer possible for troops to fight
in the open. As soon as they appeared on the line
of the 'horizon they would be wiped out by the new
engines of destruction as quickly and as surely 13
dust is reduced by the use of a garden hose."
The. press reports of the lecture announce: "Mr.
Maxim made various demonstrations to prove his as
sertions." How near the demonstrations came to con
stitutinga sufficient proof is not stated. We /shall
ARMOR AND PROJECTILES.
should lay the matter before the County
Supervisors, asking for a right-of-way.
EUCHRE— A. B. Q., Huron, CaL This
correspondent asks: "In a four-banded
game of euchre A turns trumj>. B orders
it up and calls for his partner's best* la
he entitled to It?" That depends upon tha
conditions of the game at the beginnins.
An old-time euchre player says that un
less there is an agreement to show tha
best card It cannot be called for.
FIVE MOONS-G. H. C, "West Sldo. Cal.
The mean sidereal revolution of the moon
around the earth is 27 days 7 hours 43
minutes and 11.46 seconds, and Its mean
synodical revolution, or the period from
new moon to new moon ia 29 days 12
hours 44 minutes and 2.87 seconds. From
these figures It appears as Impossible for
five moons to appear In February, 3
month that in a leap year has only 23
day3. .u 1 *
TWO HEARTS— B., City. "Two sou!3
with but a single thought." etc.. occurs In
th£ following. song. <T whlch my mother
used to sing." as says Parthenla to In
eomar in the play of that name: . .,
What is love? If thou wouldst b« tanglit.
Thy heart must lead alone —
Two iculs with but a single thought.
Two hearts that beat as one. **
And -whence comes love? Like mornlBz'i llrht.
It comes without thy call. ws
And how dies love? A spirit bright-
Love never dies at all.
DUPLICATE WHIST— M.. City. In tha
game of duplicate whist the deal groes to
the left.
PROFESSOR HOWARD— L. O. F. S.,
City. Professor Howard was not tha last
of tha four professors to leave Stanford
University* but the second. He was forced
cut.
CRANK PIN— r>. J. W.. City. The cranJs
pin on the driver of a locomotive being a
part of the driver, it makes a complete
revolution every tim© tna wheel turns
around.
THE OHIO— H. K-, City. Before betas
converted into a United States transport
the steamer Ohio belonged to the Amer
ican Line of steamers, running between
New York and Liverpool. \. . k .
POINTS IN CRIBBAGB— Subscriber,
City. If A plays a four, B a six and C a
five. C makes fifteen, with five points: If.
I> plays a seven he counts four points,
and if A plays a deuce, B a trey and C a.
four, C makes thirty-one, with eight
points. *
PURSER— J. L. K.. City. Tha duties oC
a purser on the steamers of the Pacifia
Mall line are the same as on tho steamers
of other first-class lines. A purser is aa
officer who keeps the accounts of tha ship
to which he belongs and who acts as gen
eral purveyor.
WORDEN-G. P. W.. Occidental. Cal.
Salter T>. Worden. who was tried for train
wrecking, was sentenced November IS,
1S94, to be hanged; September 23, 1S93, ha
was resentenced to be hanged, and on
Juno 15, 1S33. his sentence was commuted
to imprisonment for life.
MINING CLAIM— A. M., Angels Camp,
Cal. A patent to a mining data can bo
secured by tha locator though he did. not
personally do any of the work required by
law. It is necessary that a certain amount
of work shall be done. Such may be per
formed by the locator cr by those em
ployed by him.
BIGHT-OF-WAT- S.. Llvermora, CaL
If a man has homesteaded a quamr sec
tion of land but has not yet proved up.
and there is no public road leading to tha
land, and his neighbor ¦will not permit
him to drive over his private road to en
able him to reach tha homestead, he
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
In October, 1S91. a regular government
was formed for Zanzibar, with General
Lloyd Matthews. K. C M. G., as Prime
Minister. In February, 1S92, it, was de
clared a free port, but the importation of
spirits, arms, powder and mineral oils is
still under strict regulation. Prior to that
time the revenues of the 'Sultan were al
most entirely derived from customs dues
and taxes upon produce, chiefly cloves.
But under the new arrangement the Sul
tan's privy purse, which is kept wholly
distinct from the general revenues of tho
country, ia fixed at 120,000 rupees annual
ly, while the remainder of the revenue is
devoted to . charges for the internal ad
ministration of the state. -However, no
expenditure can be incurred . without the
sanction both of the Sultan and the Brit
ish agent and Consul General. The other
chief officials are a Consul, two Vice Con
suls and a Board of Agrlcultnre. There
is also a regular native army of about
How Zanzibar Is Ruled.
When ho first arrived. in the Island In
1S66 the sovereignty of the Sultan was
most precarious. The standing, army was
composed of a few miserable, ill-clothed,
unpaid, cowardly mercenaries. Slaves
•n^re sold in the open market Upon the
death of the relsnlng Sultan, Sir John Kirk
sedulously cultivated the friendship and
confidence of his successor, Beyd Barg
hash, with the result that at the end of
two years of personal intercourse he was
able to obtain as a concession to friend
ship what Sir 13artle Frere. in spite of his
personal prest'go and position, backed by a
fleet of ironclads, had failed to extort
even under the threat of bombardment—
namely, Seyd's signature to a treaty for
the suppression of the East African slave
trade.
After several centuries of quasi-Arab
rule, Zanzibar in the beginning of the
sixteenth century came under the domin
ion of the Portuguese. Later on the Arabs
reasserted their independence, and the
island remained in the possession of vari
ous Arab chiefs till the end of the eigh
teenth century, when the Imam of Muscat
proclaimed and maintained his sover
eignty over Zanzibar and P«mba and the
neighboring coast. In 1S41 the East India
Company first established relations with
the ruler of Zanzibar, who had assumed
the title of sayd. or lord, of the island,
and successive British representatives
were appointed to -the court of Zanzibar,
until in 1873 Sir John Kirk, who had been
appointed vice-consul in 1S66 and subse
quently consul, received his formal ap
pointment to the post of consul general,
and later on attained the further office of
political agent. There is no other man
living, says Sir Harry Johnston, who has
so profoundly influenced- the condition of
Eastern Africa as Sir John Kirk. Born of
an old Scotch family and educated for a
doctor, he served as such with the British
army in the Crimean war, but hlaown
taste and aptitude were for natural his
tory. In 1S58 ho accepted the post of nat
uralist to Livingstone's expedition to the
Zambesi, the exigencies of which, how
ever, forced him to lay aside the natural
ist to become the second in command, in
which capacity, when others failed, Liv
ingstone found him a mainstay in several
critical emergencies.
Influence of Sir John Kirk.
Zanzibar is thus by far the most flour
ishing and Important town In Eastern Af
rica. It Is a great trade center for Afri
ca, India and Arabia, As seen from the
sea. it appears a closely packed town,
built down to the water's edge, "with
Ftately buildings of dazzling whltenes*
standing out clear and sharp against tho
deep blue sky, while waving palms anl
vivid creen bushes, smooth blue sea and
red shore are aglow in the rich warmth of
atmosphere that knows no smoke or fog."
Conspicuous among Its chief buildings are.
the Sultan's palace, rebuilt after the bom
bardment in 1S9S, on the occasion of the
short-lived usurpation of Khalid; tho vari
ous consulates, the French Hospital, the
hospital of the English Universities' Mis
sion ¦ and their cathedral church, which
stands upon the site of the old slave mir
ket, the holy table being erected on the
very spot where formerly stood the
shameful whipping post. There Is a mag
nificent harbor where ships of all nations
ride at anchor among the numerous
dhows.
Zanzibar ' ¦ suggests cloves^ — and slaves
Slave labor is still to a preat extent, and
until recently was wholly, employed on
the clove plantations, the product of
which constitutes the principal export to
India, Great Britain, the 'United States
and elsewhere; but there are very largo
exports also of ivory, petroleum, rubber
and copal. The principal. Imports are cot
ton stuffs from England, oil from America
and rice from. India. Prosperous as was
the Import and export trade In 1S9S, the re
turns for 1S99 show a marked advance
Tho total value of all articles Imported
into Zanzibar in that year amounted to
£1,596.606, an increase of £41,536 over the
preceding year, while the total exports
for the same period reached a sum of£1.
513,407, exceeding by nearly £16,000 those
of tho year before.
The Trade Center of East Africa.
small, are Indian, and, like the Arabs,
Mohammedan, with the exception of some
heathen Banyans. But among the lower
orders are Persians, Egyptians and Soa
nese, representatives of every African
and many Asiatic races.
The country had a look at their sincerity in th*
tragic opposition to the Reed rules in the House.
They fought Reed on the floor, kicked in doors "aid
shrieked like a hysterical woman in a church revival.
They ta tied the issue into the campaign of .i&p and
ekctect so large a majority of the House that' it re
quired a search warrant to find the Republican mi
nority. The3' elected Mr. Crisp Speaker, and that
unfortunate gentleman found himself compelled to
enforce Reed's rules in order to compel that over
whelming majority of his own party to sit in its seats
and transact the public business. That experience
satisfied the country. So those who arc talking about
dead bodies and breathing martyrdom and slaughter
may as well keep their breath for the advocacy of a
"more and a fittener currency," or the other vagaries
for which they stand.
Then the minority stood up and despaired of the
republic once more. It was announced that probably
Vice Prevcent Roosevelt would lock the Senate
doors and force cloture through at the muzzle of a
gun, and Senator Jones of Arkansas announced that
this would have to be done over his dead body. All
of this i ant it for effect. The Senate may or may not
adopt a t!cture, but it is safe to say that if it do and
the Democrats ever come into power in that body
they will not repeal it.
FoIIowirg: Carter's performance Senator Platt re
rcv.ed a proposition for a cloture rule that has been
made before to protect the Senate from license and
the majority from paralysis.
In the earlier history of the Senate such. a feat of
endu' rr.ee as Allen's sixteen-hour speech to defeat the
repeal of the Sherman act, and Carter's recent con
tinuous performance of thirteen hours to defeat the
river and harbor bill, from motives of revenge,
would hi ve "been frowned upon as a licentious abuse
of the -crate rules and the freedom of speech.
It w?.s not intended that it should be used to de
prive the majority of its rights, nor the privilege of
assuming the responsibility for legislation which be
longs to it.
Debate in that body has always been without limi
tation. The Senate has no previous question, nor
motion to lay on the <able, to indefinitely postpone or
ether direct means to stop discussion or indirect
means to kill a bill. Of course in the beginning it
was intended that this Senatorial policy should con
scrve absolute freedom of speech and facilitate legis
lation by the ample illumination of all proposed laws
that must result from such freedom.
WHENEVER the majority party in the United
States Senate has been talked to a standstill by
the minority, and its power to legislate has
been paralyzed, there has been talk of a cloturc rule.
OVER DEAD BODIES.
"WASHINGTON; March 11.— Th«* follow
ing Calif ornians are at the hotels: Raleigh
— C. N. Stern. Los Angeles; Frank V. Bell,
¦TCilllam F. Herne. Miss Herne. San Fran
cisco. Shoreham — Urs. R. A. Wellman.
the Misses 'Wellman, Oakland; W. Olcott,
Charles R. Lloyd. John P. Jones. H. T.
Scott. L. S. Scott. San Francisco. Ar
lington— L». B. Woodworth. California,
CAUT0RNIA1TS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, March 1L— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From Snn
Francisco— D. Davidson, at Cadillac; Dr.
J. Q. Dtxon. at St. Cloud; C. F. Fleming.
at Cosmopolitan; D. Healfleld. at Union
Square; H. E. Huntlnjrton, at Xetherland;
R. C. Kirk, at Hoffman: C. L. McClls!\
W. J. Musgrave. at Grand Union; II. F.
Price, at Imperial: "W". S. Saalburg, ai
Hoffman; Miss C. Schlndler, at Bartholdi;
T. H. Todd Jr.. at Continental; J. F. Eng
lish. Mrs. S. B. English. Miss V. English,
at St. Denis; M. J. Heane. at Sturtevant;
A. Blllman, at Murray Hill; A. C. Rulof
son. R. White, E. White, at Imperial.
From Los Angeles— F. Bradshaw. at
Herald Square; F. W. "Wainwright arid
wife, at Astor.
CALTFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Everything thus appears as fair and lovely over
Kansas as a spring morning, and far be it from us
to predict disaster or look for signs of ill omen;
Nevertheless, it is to be borne in mind that Kansas
is a cyclone State, and newspapers in the hands of
inexperienced editors are among the greatest cyclone
breeders known to man or woman. The Smashers'
Mail may yet prove a storm center, and far and wide
the prairies of Kansas may be strewn with the wrecks
of poems and the hair of Nick Childs.
The wicked man, it will be seen, is in this case sub
ordinate to his lord, and the editor is now. supreme.
There ¦will 'be no more exclusion of Mrs. Nation's
beautiful articles nor wasting of the poetry of her
friends.
Now Mrs. Nation has a paper of her own, but still
she is not altogether happy. Her publisher, it seems,
does not exactly. suit her, but she accepts him for the
good of the cause. She is reported to have said in
her salutatory: "I have no apologies to make for
having Nick Childs for the publisher of the Smash
ers' Mail. Our Savior ate with the publicans and
sinners to do them good. The servant is not above,
his Lord. This paper will be, as its name implies,
the smashers' mail. I shall put into the columns the
letters I get from all over, even those I get from
across the water. Those wishing to say anything
through the columns of the Smashers' Mail must put
it in the form of a letter and use brevity — the soul n£
wit — for I reserve the exclusive right as editor. I
have had a severe lesson in Peoria from allowing
some one to attend to what I ought to, therefore I
alone am responsible for what goes in."
We learn from our Eastern exchanges that Mrs.
Nation complains that while she was nominally editor
of the Peoria Journal, not one-half of what she wrote
was published.^ The report goes on 'to quote Mrs.
Nation as saying there was a wicked man on the paper
who stole her articles and tore them up "just because
he wanted to get his own stuff in." She added: "I
took to Peoria a dozen pieces of poetry which my
admiring friends had wrote and sent in, the most
beautiful pieces I ever read, but the wicked man
chucked them into the waste-basket. He got a 'talk
ing-to.' 'Hell,' I says, 'is full of such scoundrels a3
jOU.' "
It must not be supposed that Mrs: Nation's week of
experience in editing a paper for some one else was
altogether satisfactory to her. She was pleased, of
course, with the privilege of sitting in the sanctum
and writing exhortations and poems for the world, bu:
her authority in the office was not supreme. The pro
prietor of the paper insisted on having something to
say about' the make-up, and Mrs. Nation was grieved
thereat. His interference was a little thing in its way,
but it spoiled the glory of the thing. With some one
in power over and above her, out of reach of a
hatchet and not amenable to prayer, the editor for a
week did not feel at home/and therefore, while the
experience instilled in her an infatuation for journal
ism, it did not wholly come up to her expectations.
\A RS. CARRIE NATION, having for one week
/ V enjoyed the glory of running a newspaper in
* * Peoria, has decided that life without the joys
of journalism is a failure. Consequently she has es
tablished a paper of her own. It is named "The
Smashers'. Mail," and the Associated Press has al
ready announced to the world the publication of the
first number and given an account of its contents and
appearance.
MRS. NATION AS AN EDITOR.
900 men, Including police, under the com
mand of a British general.
Justice among the Sultan a i native sub
jects is administered by cadis, or legal
magistrates, but by a decree of 1S92 the
Sultan .made over to the British agent
and Consul General his right to try all
cases in which the accuser was a British
subject and the accused a nativeof
zlbar, or the subject of a non-Christian,
state without a treaty. Almost all causes
are now tried before the British court,
from which an appeal lies to the High
Court of Bombay.
Suppressing the Slave Tirade.
3ut the great achievement of Great
Britain, conceived long before the protect
orate and matured through many years of
hard struggle in the face of indigenous
customs, has been the abolition of legal
traffic in slaves from Zanzibar and East
ern Africa.
From time immemorial slaves were tak
en from Central Africa to the Mediter
ranean | states, to Egypt and Asia, and
until near the end of the eighteenth cen
tury most people had thought" slavery a
proper instftution. In 1794 an act of the
United States was passed forbidding slave
trade to anv foreign country- In 1S07 an
act of the British Parliament made the
trade illegal for British subjects and a
law of the United States forbade the im
portation of slaves into the Union. The
tlrst steps taken by Great Britain against
the slave trade on the east coast of. Africa
were in 1S22, when an engagement was ob
tained from tho Imam of Muskat and con
firmed by him In 1S39. by which he prom
ised to prohibit and prevent tho sale of
slaves to any Christian nation and to al
low British ships to seize all vessels found
within certain limits loaded with slaves.
In ISiy it was furthef agreed -with the
Imam that the export of slaves from his
African dominions, or from Africa into
his Asiatic possessions, should be prohib
ited under severest penalties. In 1872 Seyd
Barghash, yielding to the representations
of Sir John Kirk, ratified a treaty renounc
ing the transport of slaves by sea and
closing all public slave markets in his do
mains. In 1876 he Issued further decrees
prohibiting the fitting out of slave, cara
vans and the bringing of slaves to the
coast or transporting them by land, and
freeing all slaves held In certain ports.
Subsequent decrees were obtained from
the Sultan Khalifa In 1SS9 and 1S00. all
tending to the further emancipation of
slaves, until at last, in 1S37, the present
Sultan agreed to publish a decree abolish
ing entirely the status of slavery in the
islands of Zanzibar and Pemba. This
means, in the words of the then British
Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs — now
Lord Curzon, Viceroy of India— "that ev
•ery slave is at liberty to go before a
court established for that purpose, and to
claim his freedom. All he has to do is to
go before that court, prove his identity,
claim the liberty to which he Is entitled
and receive the papers which registered
that fact. No court can, from the passing
of that decree, enforce any claims upon
him by his former master." In the first
eighteen months SOOO slaves, male and fe
male, claimed their liberty. The freeing
of slaves is now proceeding, slowly but
surely, at the rate of about 2000 a year.
. Work of the Universities.
It was in 1S57 that Livingstone, while on
a visit to England, made his now historic
appeal to the universities of Oxford and
Cambridge to carry the gospel of Christ
to the heathen races of Central Africa.
"I go back to Africa," was his simple yet
eloquent story, "to try to make an open
path for commerce and Christianity. Do
you carry out the work which 1 1 have
begun? I leave it to you."
Half a century has passed and the re
sponse to that appeal is seen in Zanzibar
and on the shores of Lake Nyansa, in a
growing native church, wisely planted and
carefully nurtured by the Universities'
Mission to Central Africa, to whose good
work successive agents-general havo
borno ungrudging testimony. While the
first aim of the mission is to build up a
native ministry, who shall bo able to
bring home to their African brethren the
precious truths of the gospel in a way
that the African can comprehend, the
great linguistic studies and attainments
of Bishop Steere and others have already
aided the work of the Government offi
cials and merchants by reducing to writ
ing the Swahili language, through which
the commerce of the country la mainly
carried on.
At the same time by patiently training
in industrial work ana habits the released
slaves who, for many years past, have
been handed over to the care of the mis
sion, a rapidly Increasing body of capable
and trustworthy citizens is daily coming
forward to take their share in the trade
and well-being of their own land.
Benefits of Strong Foreign Role.
There is a SwahiU proverb that "those
who do a work do not fall to have a rea
son." It must have appeared presumpt
uous for European powers to meet in con
ference and to partition Africa among
themselves without the peoples concerned
having a say in the matter. But the re
sult has been beneficial. To have planted
among them those whose rule is based on
equality of treatment for all alike, with
out oppression on the one •hand, and,*
above all bribery on tho other, is in itself
an untold gain and the natives already
show their appreciation of the love of fair
play which has characterized the British
officials In their land. Another boon re
sulting from' the British protectorate- is
security. This was strikingly exemplified
when in lS9t> on the sudden death of Ha
mid bin Thwaln. under circumstances of
the gravest suspicion, Khalld Barghash,
who had already tried to usurp the throne
in 1S93, showed that he was prepared for
the crisis by immediately barricading the
palace and declaring his resolve to reign
or die. The next day Admiral Rawson,
with the Saint George, arrived from the
Cape and gave- the usurper his choice be
tween surrender and bombardment. All
Europeans were ordered on board ship
and early the following morning the
palace was shelled and the town fired.
This proved too much for Khalld. He fled
to the German consulate, from which he
was deported eventually to German East
Africa, where he remained under German
surveillance. His more peaceable elder
cousin. Hamud, the present occupant of
the throne, was proclaimed Sultan and
n*es his dominions in complete accord
ance with those Ministers who at tho
present time carry out the policy which
inspires the British protectorate In Zan
zibar.- i •
By Walter Hodgson.
M. A. OF KEBL.E COLLEGE, OXFORD.
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
IV.— ZANZIBAR, A WABD OF COURT.
Though not a colony In the proper sense
of the term, and not, therefore, standing
in the relatioVf of a daughter to the meth
er country, the dominions of Hamud bin
Mahamed bin Said, Sultan of , Zanzibar,
may be regarded rather .as a ward of
court, since in November, 1890, consequent
upon the partition of Eastern Africa
among Great Britain, Germany and Por
tugal, England established throughout
that rich and Important territory, a pro
tectorate, which extends over tho islands
of Zanzibar and Pemba, as well as some
few small Islands adjacent, together •with
a narrow ten-mile strip of the mainland
about- twenty, miles westward across the
Indian Ocean.
The island of Zanzibar itself, having an
area of 640 square miles and containing a
population of 90,000. is inhabited for the
most part by Arabs, and in a still greater
number by Swahills, tho natives of the
soil. There are about fifty Englishmen,
a like number of Germans, a still smaller
number of Americans, Frenchmen and
Italians, represented by. Consuls of their
own, and a few Greeks and Roumanians,
who are content to leave their interests
in tho hands of- the British consulate.
There are- about - 7000 British subjects,
mostly Indian, through whose hands
passes the whole of the retail and most of
the wholesale trade, both of the island
and of Eastern. Africa. The grandees are
all Arabs, but the merchants,* great or
How the Arabs of Zanzibar, "Wards of
Great Britain, Thrive Under the In
fluence of a Protectorate.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Yet these Silver Republicans pretend to deceive
themselves in the hope to delude others, by pretending
that they follow the financial ideas of Lincoln by fol
lowing the banner of Bryan.
Mr. Bryan is in antagonism direct and positive to
everything taught on the money issue by Jefferson,
Jackson and Lincoln, as he is to the principles of
Cleveland. • .-. , ,
It is not complimentary to the intelligence of these
Silver Republicans that they pronounce on the prin
ciples of Lincoln and Cleveland. The messages and
writings of Mr. Lincoln prove him to have been the
predecessor of Mr. Cleveland in decfaring the prin
ciples of sound money, which Cleveland made the pol»
star of his administration. Both Lincoln and Cleve
land stood exactly in line with Jefferson and Jackson
on the issue of sound money. Mr. Lincoln pointed
out in advance the evils of attempting to sustain the
greenback as a sufficient and permanent currency.
He foretold that appalling danger to the treasury and
the public credit which Mr. Carlisle called "the end
less chain." He especially pointed out the danger to
the wage-earners arising in such a permanent cur
rency, and twice recommended the national banking 1
system in his messages before his party had the cour
age to advance to his position and adopt it. Every
feature in Mr. Cleveland's financial policy was based
on that of Lincoln, so that the Republican party in
its gold standard and ether financial legislation is on
that issue distinctly the party of Lincoln.
These Silver Republicans left their party on th;
financial issue. They followed Dubois and Teller,
Towne and Stewart, in 1896. They deserted on the
one issue of finance. They took pains to pronounce
themselves Republicans on all other issues. Mr. Bryan
industiiotisly cultivated them ;r.d put himself forwari
as the reincarnation of Lincoln on finance. He still
keeps that myth to the fore, and undoubtedly expects
this incorporated contingent of Silver Republicans to
control the next Democratic convention and again
nominate him for the Presidency.
The Silver Republicans of Idaho have promptly fol
lowed the lead of Dubois by disbanding. In a caucus
they have put their little side party in its shroud and
coffin. In their ante-mortem statement they say that
they have examined the Bryan Democracy, have felt
its pulse, examined its palm, read its life line, taken
its temperature and smelled its breath— in fact, have
examined as if for life insurance, and, as a result, an
nounce that it is as little likely to return to the prin
ciples of Cleveland as the regular Republican,
party is to return to the principles of Lin
coln. Therefore, keeping up the pretense of de
votion tp the principles of Lincoln, they announce
that those principles are now in the custody and keep
ing of Mr. Bryan? therefore, they enlist, enroll and
classify themselves as Bryan Democrats, in order to be
Lincoln Republicans.
No one can tell how long such a pretense will in
fluence the class of men who are dominated by it now.
Patterson, left the Democratic party several year3
ago and did not ever affiliate with" the Bryan wing.
He was president of the Populist national convention
at Sioux Falls and there nominated Bryan, alleging
as the reason for his action that Mr. Bryan repre
sented the principles of Populism and not Democracy.
It remains to be seen what will become of Mr. Pat
terson's Populist followers.
WHEN Mr. Dubois was re-elected Senator from
Idaho he formally abandoned Silver Republic
anism and declared himself a Bryan Democrat.
When Patterson of Colorado was elected Senator by a
fusion Legislature he promptly abandoned, Populism
and allied ' himself formally with the Bryan Democ
racy.
THE SILVER REPUBLICANS.
James Keith haa been appointed city
passenger agent of the Illinois Central
Railroad. Mr. Keith has been connected
•with the Southern Pacific Railroad at San
DJegro for several years.
L. C. Krueger, foreign buyer for tho
firm of Carson. Pirle. Scott & Co. of Cfcl
cago, is at the Palace.
F. G. Therle. a manufaeturinff Jaweter
of Chicago, is a guest at the Lick, accom
panied by his wife.
E. R. Snider, an oil man of Coallngra,
accompanied by his wife, is registered at
tho Lick.
Louis Dean of Reno Is at th© California.
Ogden Mills of New York la at the> Pal
ace.
J. M. Batchelder of Orovills Is at tho
Grand.
"W. "W. Chapln of Sacramento Is at tha
Palace.
S. H. Callen of Williams Is registered at
the Grand.
Dr. J. P. Abbott of Antloch Is registered
at the Lick.
John X. Tlsdale, a New York furrier, la
at the California.
Jay W. Coleman, a merchant of Reno, la
at the Occidental.
Charles B. Ryland of San Jose is a guest
at the Occidental.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson 13
at the Occidental.
C. J. Martin and wife of San Jose are
at the Occidental.
Dr. James Hogan of Vallejo Is a guest
at the Occidental.
James F. Peck, an attorney of Merced,
is a guest at the Lick.
VT. T. Smith, a mlnlne man of Elko,
N'ev., Is at the Palace.
J. A. Barham and wlf© of Santa
Rosa are at the Occidental.
George L. Jones, a Grass Valley mer
chant, is at the California.
W. F. Fisher, a fruit-grower of Calla
toga, is a guest at the Lick.
George Conway*. a merchant of Portland.
Or., Is a guest at the Palaco.
A. C. McLeod. a merchant of San Luis
Oblspo. is a guest at the Grand.
J. T. Harmes. a Sacramento real estate
agent, is a guest at the California.
J. D. Carr, a large property owner of
Salinas, is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
have to wait for the Governmental tests to learn the
exact 'value of the explosive t and of the propulsive
force. In the very nature of things projectiles must
eventually exceed the defensive strength of armor.
There is a limit, beyond which a ship cannot carry
armor, but there appears to be none to the explosive
forces which science is learning to bring under con
trol. It is safe to say, however, it will be a long time
before armored battleships" vanish from the ocean,
and the nation that should cease building them would
practice but a very poor economy.
?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1901.
i — =
TUESDAY ..'*. MARCH 12. iqoi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Utttti All Ctmsa&ieatioBi tt W.g.< LEASE, Kanigtr.
MANAGER'S OFPICE Telephone Pre«» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Fren 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Fre*« 202,
Delivered br Carriers. IS Cent* Per Week
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mail, Including Postages .
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year J8.00
DAZLT CALL (Including Sunday), « months 8-00
DAILY CALL (including Sundav). 3 months 1-50
DAILTCALL— By Single Month G5«
RUXDAY CALL. One Year l-&°
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1-00
All poitmaitera are authorized to receive
¦nbscrlptlona.
Eample copies will be forwarded when rcQuested.
Mall subscriber* in ordering chajig* of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OjUCLA.\D OFFICE 1118 Broad war
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kiaiger foreign Advertising, Kirgosttt Bcildiag, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261*.")
NEW TOIUC CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
KETT. YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlnsr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. 21 Union Square;
Km ray Hill HoteL
.CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenuaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcvse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON- (D. C.) OFFICE 14OO G St., N. W.
MORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES C2T Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
uatj] 9:S0 o'clock. S?0 Ilajes, open until 9:SD o'clock. 6?3
McAllister, open until 6:20 o'clock. 61a Larkln, open until
8:20 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. JCW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Sultan of Zanzibar.
United States Senator Morgan is again twisting the
tail of the British lion. And the interesting part of
the performance is 1 ' that the lion seems to enjoy it.'
6
Choice candles, Townsend's, PaJace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public raen by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Late statistics show that Michigan now
leads the world in tho production of beans
New York 3tato Ions held tha first place!
The best liver medicine. A vegetable care for
liver ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Are you prepared to stand the severity o< win-
ter T Dr. Slesert's Angostura Bitters build tsp th«
system, vitalize the blood and prevent dlse&so.
AUCTION BALES.
By American Auction Co.— Tbi» Cay. at 10 o'clock. SOCO
Tents, etc, at 617 Market street.
AJHUSEJMZNT3.
' CHiforn!A-"The Telephone Girl."
Cr^heum— Vaudeville.
Grand Or>era-bouse — "Around the World In Eighty Day«-"
Grand Op«ra-house — Sembrich Opera Company. March IS.
Alcazar — "The Last Word."
Columbia— "The Highway IBU."
Alhambra— "Under feaied Orders."
Tlvcll— "Wizard cf the Nile."
Central — "Ou>tain Impudence."
Central— Bene-£t performance Thursday night, March 2L
Obtrfia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— S pecialtiefl.
<?hutes. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.lni.
n Kfccr' e— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Eherrean-Clay Hall— Piano Recital this aftsrnooa.
California Jockey Club lOaklandj— llacea.
Tanforan Fark— Races.H. W. TRE DENICK AS FOXY
QUILLER IN "THE HIGH
WAYMAN."
Mme. Carreno.
Mme. Carreno, who will give her first
recital this afternoon at Sherman-Clay
Hall, arrived in the city yesterday from
Mexico and is now at the Palace Hotel.
The "greatest woman pianist of her time"
is as beautiful and Irresistible as ever and
looks fully capable of performing any pro
gramme that could be set before her.
That of this afternoon will be as follows:
I.
Fantasl© ¦ Mozart
Sonata, Op. 31, No. 3 Beethoven
Allegro, Allegretto, Mtnuetto, Presto
Con Fuoco, .
II.
(a) Nocturne. Op. 62, No. 1."
(b) Etude in G flat. -
Chopin
(c) Barcarolle.
(d) Scherzo. Op. 31. \ .
Kantasie. Op. 17 Schumann
(a) Durchaus Fantastlsch und Leiden
schaftlich Vorzutragen.
(b) Matsig.
(c) Langsam Getraeen.
fa) Nocturne Tschalkowsky
<b) "St Otseau J'Etals" Henselt
(c) La pampanella Paganini-L.ls?t
To-rr:orrow afternoon s list will probably
Include the "Etudes Symphoniques" ! of
Schumann and the B minor sonata of
Chopin.
Grand Opera-Hous8.
"Around the World in Eighty Days,"
with Its wonderful scenic effects and
startling changes, is In it3 last week at
the Grand Opera-house. Repetition j has
not dulled the edge of the splendid cast
engaged in the production, but, on the
contrary, seems to spur them on to great
er efforts and better results. The spec
tacular drama will hold the boards until
the grand opera season with Sembrich as
the bright particular star. \,
Fischer's Concert House.
At Fischer's Concert House last night
the George sisters, singers and dancers,
made an immense hit as did also Trlxedo,
a contortion dancer who flip-flops In an
extraordinary . way. Matthew Keefe, a
descriptive tenor, was well received and
Paul Egry, the Hungarian violin virtuoso,
and the Fiechtl troupe of Tyrolean sing
ers, were thoroughly satisfactory. The
Leons, aerial abrobats, give an exciting,
graceful and daring performance, and lit
tle Irene Kober, a child contortionist, tied
herself into seemingly inextricable knots.
The Hinrichs' orchestra played many
new numbers.
The Trained Animals.
Norrls & Rowe's.big trained animal
shows attracted two large audiences
again yesterday to the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. The Interest excited by the ponies,
dogs, monkeys, sealions, elephants, ze
bras, ant-eaters, goats and other per
formers, is something extraordinary. The
last performance will be given on Sunday
night.
Chutes.
The headliners at the Chutes are . the
Oriskany brothers in their marvelous feats
of hand balancing. George Austin Moore,
late of the Orpheum, sings several new
ballads in a fine barytone voice. Roscoe
and Sims appear in a comedy musical act,
which scored a big hit. AH Zada, the
Oriental necromancer. Is a clever enter
tainer. The Kelcey Sisters appear in new
songs and dances and Jack Symonds in a
new monologue. New moving pictures
conclude a good bill.
Leaves His Debts Behind.
BERLIN, March 11.— Albert Holtz, a
Brealau banker and a director In a num
ber' of Important industrial companies,
has failed to meet his engagements and
fled. The police have taken possession of
his books and other effects and Investiga
tion has already revealed large embezzle
ments.
JAMES PORTEOUS TAKES
UNTO HIMSELF A WIFE
Marries Alice M. Herbert, Who Is a
Sister-in-Law of Jockey
Bullman.
A quiet wedding that will Interest the
racing fraternity was solemnized by Jus
tice of the Peace Joachlmsen yesterday
afternoon. James Porteous, owner of the
horse Ting-a-Llng, and Miss Alice M. Her
bert joined hearts and hands.
The happy couple were supported by
Jockey Bullman and his wife, who is a
sister of the now Mrs. Porteous. When
Bullman goes East to ride during the
coming season Mr. and Mrs. Porteous will
be among his traveling companions.
The melodrama "Under Sealed Orders"
was repeated at the Ainambra last nlghti
The audience was not iarge, but* what it
lacked In numbers it made up In enthu
siasm. Richard Scott, as . Tom "Melville,
the hero, and Mlsa , Laota Howard, as
Julie, the heroine, are good, and the rest
of the company ¦ is ¦ evenly balanced.
Alhambra.
Full houses are the rule at the Central
Theater, and if the management continues
placing before the public such sterling
and attractive playa as It has been doing
of late and of having them played by
talent equal to that which appeared last
night in "Captain Impudence," full housed
wfll be the rule always. "Captain Impu
dence" is well staged and as the curtain
rose on each of the two scenes the audi
ence testified Its appreciation by. a spon
taneous burst of applause. It is a taking
play with Its American soldiers and
swarthy Mexicans, and the leading parts
are acted with. a fidelity to nature that
is not surpassed at houses of entertain
ment where the rates are double and
treble those of the Central. Major Hanni
bal Bugg, as portrayed by Mlron Lefflng
well, Is a fine character study and dlvldea
the honors with the South Carolina Jim
of Ernest Howell. The Mendoza of Stan
ley Koss and the Jovita of Lorena AtwocU
are faithful Impersonations of the Mexi
can villain who hatea and the senorita
who loves. The other characters, Fay
Courtney as Lucretia Bugg and Margaret
Marshall as the Jolly Widow Trigg, were
satisfactory. Clifford Dempsey, the lead
ing man. has a splendid opportunity for
good acting as Captain Willard Shields.
Central.
"The Telephone Girl" drew a crowded
house at the California last night. Th!s
farce comedy has established Itself as a
favorite here and the whole show seem*
to go with snap and vim. Harry Herm
sen, who impersonates a German tele
phone Inspector, is Irresistibly funny and
is one of the cleverest Dutch comedians
that ever appeased in San Francisco.
Frank Kelly, a San Francisco boy, has a
good voice and is well received.
The play throughout is very funny and
affords a good evening's amusement.
California.
"The Wizard of the Nile," though on for
a fourth week at the Tivoli, draws well.
The production is elaborate and is one of
the best performances ever given In the
house. Ferris Hartman sings several
songs that take well and his topical hits
are greatly enjoyed,
The songs are a great feature of the
show. Special praise should be given to
"The Matin Serenade," which Is well ren
dered. Another good song is "Starlight."
At the close of "The Wizard of the Nile,"
next Saturday evening, the "Wedding
Day" will be produced, for which the
company is now busy rehearsing. x
Tivoli.
To expect from a 50 cent theater tho
same standard of rendition that one de
mands from a $2 house would be unjust.
The Alcazar company, as at present con
stituted, Is composed of about equal pro
portions of pood actors and of tyros.
Among the former, of course, are included
Miss Convere, Mr. Scott and Mr. Kllgour.
The latter, I suppose, must begin some
where, yet It certainly would be a bless
ing to themselves and a relief to the pub
lic If they would first go to school and
learn how to stand, to walk and to speak
upon the stage. Every other artist has
to serve a long and laborious apprentice
ship before he ventures upon a public ap
pearance — why not the a/itor?
L. DU PONT SYLE.
have said before. "The Last Word" suf
fers from the Inevitable defects of adap
tations that attempt to depict a. society
different from that depicted in. the origi
nal. Manners, customs, phrases, points
of view, natural and interesting In . oM
Berlin, Paris or Vienna, which is their na
tive habitat, become ridiculous and un
meaning when transferred to a new soci
ety like that of Washington. "The Lap'.
Word" is a tissue of absurdities of this
kind; the iron diplomat, the tyrannic
father, the bookish jeuncsse doree, the
transcendental musician — all these arc
types as foreign to our society as Is the
troRlodyte to the mud of our bay.
LONDON, March 11.— The St James
Gazette this afternoon paym that, accord
ing to representations received from The
I'.ague. the Roumanian police have been
instructed to watch certain persons at
Jassy who are suspected of being en
gaged in a conspiracy against the lives
of Queen WHhclmina and her husband.
CHICAGO. March 11.— The Record will
Fay to-morrow: Kelson Morris, the mli
lionaire packer, is planning the erection
of a $2.0w.000 packing house at Honolulu.
The proposed house is for the purpose of
Fur.pfyiug the Hawaiian and adjacent
Inlands with fresh meat without being
compelled to use the present system of re
frigeration. The idea 1b to transport the
livestock to Honolulu and slaughter there
HUMORS OF A PLOT
TO KILL WILHELMINA
Chicago Millionaire Proposes * to
Spend Two Million Dollars on
?n Immense Establishment.
HONOLULU WILL HAVE
GREAT PACKING HOUSE,
Britain's Sovereign While Pass
ing Through Prussia.
BERLIN', March 11.— The Rhenish West-
T>ha!ieche Zeitung asserts that when Kins
Edward recently passed through Duiburg,
Rhenish Prussia, a group of persons
Ftanding at the railway station snouted:
"Down with Edward'" According to the
Fame authority the prefect punished the
Elation master by ordering his transfer to
a minor post.
Germans Said to Have Insulted Great
DO WIT WITH EDWAED!"
THE KING'S GREETING
"The answer to this question is not
found In the less applicability than for
merly of the Democratic doctrine to pres
ent conditions. On the contrary, there
never was a time when they were more
needed to cure the evils which afflict our
body politic, and there never was a time
when our countrymen would be more
willing to accept Democracy as they once
knew it, as a safeguard against existing
and threatening Ills. I am conv!nced,
however, that If our party is* to gain Us
old prestige an^ become again a strong
and vigorous organization, feared by Its
enemies and Inspiring active devotion of
Its rank and file, it must, first of all
things Itself become truly, honestly and
consistently Democratic."
"All the political signs of the times,"
eays Mr. Cleveland's letter, "Indicate most
impressix'ely the necessity of increased ac
tivity and aggressiveness in the ranks of
the Democracy. There were days when
I>emocratic principles advocated in Dem
ocratic fashion gave a guarantee of Dem
ocratic supremacy, or at least strength
and influence In our nation's councils.
Why should there not be a return of those
day??
BALTIMORE. March 11.— Letters from
former President Grover Cleveland and
former Senator David B. Hill were read
at the dinner of the Crescent Democratic
Club to-nifht.
Be Return to the Doctrine of
Earlier Years.
CLEVELAND APPEALS
FOR BETTER DEMOCRACY
-onner President Says There Must
Alcazar.
Poor Daly! He Is responsible for many
eins of omission and commission, but not
for the unpardonable crime of stealing for
himself another man's thunder by whole
sale, as It was stolen for him by the
Alcazar management last night. Augus
tin Daly did not write "The Last Word,"
nor did he ever claim that he did; ho
merely adapted it (and very badly) from
the German (Von Schonthau, I think
it is). The announcement, then, of "The
Last Word, a play in four acts by
Augustln Daly," Is a fraud, a delusion
and a. snare.'
Having already three times discharged
the melancholy duty of criticizing this
stupid play, I find it really impossible to
do more than summarize briefly what -I
Alcazar.
Katherine Bloodgood. whose rich &o
prano voice has attracted music lovers to
the theater for the last two weeks has.
In compliance with a special request, con
sented to remain at tht Orpheum during
the present week. Her rendition of "The
Rosary" last evening was effective —
bo effective, in fact, that the singer
was forced to respond to a curtain
call. Among the new and entertain
ing numbers on this week's bill Is
the skit. "Taming a Husband," present
ed by Miss Beatrice Moreland and Harry
Jenkins. As a rule, there is an absenco
of a moral in these skits, but this cannot
be said of "Taming- a Husband." It has
a moral and Js also fuli of wit that floats
on a steady undercurrent of humor, John
nie Johns, monologist, also furnishes his
portion of amusement. Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Murphy appear this week for the
first time in a sketch entitled "The Sev
enth Son." Like other numbers of the
bill. It has the merit of originality and is
well played and staged. Wilson and War-
Ing, in a farcical skit, conclude an excel
lent bill.
Paplnta is billed this week at the Or
pheum as "Introducing new and sensa
tional effects." The announcement is ac
curate. Papinta has appeared here many
times, and upon eacn visit has presented
Orpheum audiences with some additional
creations of her genius, and they have
been appreciated. Her past efforts, though
they well demonstrated her talent, will
be hidden behind the memory of this, her
present appearance. Papinta's terpsicho
rean efforts are always In the midst of
gorgeous color effect *hat no other word
than "Oriental" will describe. This is
true, but her dances are not "Oriental."
They are the result, as a rule, of her own
thought. Her "fire dance" this week is
truly up to the announcement — "sensa
tional." Whirling in a maze of lire-tlnt^l
silk, she at last sinks to the floor, while
high above her apparent tongues of flame
leap out from the dark shadows below.
Kven more beautiful is the "dance fl th<?
lily." A mass of silver silk Is twirled by
the wands in the artist's hands until it
creeps upward and folds into the contour
of a huge lily, fades In the ever-changing
light and disappears. Though weary fro: n
her efforts, Paplnta was twice recalled to
salute her audience, which offered Its
plaudits, and with its plaudits full proof
of its appreciation.
Enough fun for a teason is being fur
nished nightly at the Orpheum this week,
and the Bunth and Rudd company is the
cause of the concluding spasm of laugh
ter.- The clever eccentrics of this com
pany present a line of comedy features
that hold an additional charm through
their originality. There is nothing old
in all they do, and there is as little that
is not funny as there !i that is old.
Orpheum.
needs the dynamic assistance — other
wise boost— at the Lands of the other.
"The Highwayman" is a hold-up at the
price, but Loie Fuller may be always
with us and welcome. She brings this
time two dances that have set Paxis afire
for the last year, the "Archangel" and
the "Tempest," and gives besides the "La
Loie Fuller" valse and the "Xanevllle
Danse du Feu," before seen here. In the
new dances Miss Fuher shows herself
even more of an artist that we had before
known her to be. The color effects are
bewildering In their novel beauty. At
once delicate and brilliant, subtle and
daring, a dazzling, shimmering, luminous,
radiant mass of diaphanous drapery,
shifting and curving in lovely line through
an opalescent dream of color. The danced
from beginning to end are amazingly
artistic. The "Archangel," in which the
famous 1000-yard silk dress Is used, quite
lives up to the name, and It is not at all
difficult to understand why Paris, artistic
Paris, should have gone wild over these
color and form creations of the clever
American girl.
As to "The Highwayman," there Is. lit
tle or nothing to recommend the opera.
Had this been the first effort of. the clever
compopers— as It has every appearance
of being — De Koven and Smith would have
had few laurels to look to, though Lc
Kovcn's part in the affair is the more
worthy of the two. The first act ends
with a very good chorus and tho second
contains two good songs, but outside of
these there is little of worth. The set
ting of the opera is Indifferently good, the
fame with the costuming, and acting and
singing alike lack spirit— though doubt
less much may here be laid at the com
poser's door.
Edmund Stanley, the highwayman, has
a strong and sweet voice, and did bravo
service In lifting the dead level of the
performance. Helen Ralnsley was a
graceful and sweet-voiced Pamela, and
the comedy interest was indifferently well
taken care of by H. W. Tre Denick as the
detective. Foxy Quilltr. His voice is
good, however, as are also those of Ar
thur Cunningham, W. H. Thompson and
S. H. Forde. La Loie and "The High
wayman" go another week.
IT did not take long last night at
the Columbia Theater to determine
which of the two attractions that
form the double" bill of the week
Edwin Joslyri. the four-year-old son of
W. E. Joelyn. advertising manager of the
Emporium, met with an accident last Sat
urday that may result fatally. The tiny
lad was leaning over the baluster on the
cecond floor of his parents" residence, 2016
Bush street, when he lost his balance and
plunged head foremost to the floor below.
He struck on his head and was rendered
unconscious.
An examination of the child's injurie*
disclosed a fracture of the skull. Though
the best care Is being given the unfortu
r.ate child, it is feared ihat he cannot sur
vive his injuries.
Baby Son of W. E. Joslyn M«etsWith
Accident That May Prove
Fatal.
rALLS OVER BALUSTER
AND FRACTURES SKULL
Mr. Bucklin leaves no Immediate rela
tives, those nearest in kin being three
nieces— Mrs. r>rury Melone of this city,
Mrs. Hutchinson of Concord, CaJ.. and
Mrs. Raum of Xew York. The body has
been removed to Gray's undertaking
rooms and the funeral will be held from
there on Wednesday.
Mr. i3ucKlin was for several years man
ager cf the What Cheer House, but about
a year and a. half ago he gave up that
hostelry. He wjis also for some time con
r.ected with Woodwards Gardens, corner
cf Thirteenth and Mission streets, but
this was a source of loss. For the. last
seven years the deceased has been living
tt the Wontworth HoteL Since he gave
up the What Cheer House he has not
been engaged in business, although he had
laid plans to enter into active work again
foon.
Mr. Bucklin was married in lhe East.
His wife died about five years ago.
The deceased was always distinguished
for his pood humor and charity and in
r.is long life in this section he had ac
quired an exceptionally large number of
friend?. His business transactions were
always characterized bv the strictest hon
epty and his integrity was never ques
tioned.
The deceased was -72 years old and came
to California in the early fifties from
Ithode Island. He was for many years
engaged in hotel enterprises.
lie was very successful in his many
tutfnccF ventures, but a few years ago
bis mind began gradually to weaken.
Since then his property has melted away
in various speculations and he died ai
mofi .penniless.
A. P. Bucklin, an old-time, resident and
at one time well known as a hotel man,
died Fuddenly yesterday morning at the
Vont worth Hotel, I3us=h street, from an
attack of heart disease. Mr. Bucklin has
been gradually failing- for some time, but
no one thought there was any immediate
danger of death until the proprietor, Mr.
Shores, found him dead in bed an hour
cr two after breakfast.
2>av«s but Little Property, Although
He Was at One Time a Pros
perous Business
Han.
A. P. Bucklin Dies Alone in
His Room of Heart
Disease.
PIONEER HOTEL
MAN IS DEAD
Motion Overwhelmingly Defeated.
At trie conclusion of the argument Hon.
Charles \V. Slack, who presided at the
meeting in the absence of the president.
Warren Olney, stated that originally he
had been in favor of ihe proposed scheme
of reorganization of the State's judiciary,
but that upon further reflection he felt
convinced that the proposed amendment
would not afford the desired relief and
that it would occasion Increased delay and
expense in litigation. Ho thought that a
constitutional amendment should tako the
form of; a careful revision of the present
constitutional provlsiohu and the repeal of
the provisions authorizing the Supreme
Court to hear and decide causes in de
partment, restricting the right of appedl
and relieving the Supreme Court, in part
at all events, from the unnecessary task
of rendering written opinions in all cases^.
and thnt with this aid theiSupreme Court
could by revision of Its own rules dis
charge with reasonable satisfaction the
important duties. imDosed upon It.
The motion to adopt Dr. Taylor's reso
lution was then put to a vote and failed,
there being an overwhelming vote in the
negative. _____^_____ v
It was shown that the Supreme Court
under this provision wnuld have no dis
cretion in the matter of ordering- to be
heard before itself causes coming within
the defined class. In view of the many
conflicting decisions to be found in the
129 volumes of the California Reports, It.
would not be difficult, the lawyers de
clared, to find decisions with which a, very
large. majority of all :he cases to be de
cided in the District Courts of Appeal
would conflict. The result would un
doubtedly be that In nearly all cases of
any importance petitions would be made
to the Supreme Court to obtain a review
of decisions rendered in the District Court
of Appeals, and the Supreme Court, if
it dealt with such petitions with any de
gree of liberality, wouid find itself called
upon to review a very Jarge proportion of
all the cases decided by the Court of Ap
peals. The burden imposed upon the Su
preme Court would not be diminished, but
more likely would be increased, and liti
gants, instead of finding the decision of
their cause expedited, would find that they
had merely added to the delay in tho
Supreme Court the delav which undoubt
edly would arise in tho District Courts of
Appeal. The Supreme Court would not be
relieved, the speedy decision of causes
would not be attained and "the peop'e
would be burdened with the expense c-i
the increased judicial machinery.
Several members then addressed the
meeting in opposition to the resolution
and many important, reasons were ad
vanced against its adoption.
In so far as • the proposed amendment
makes the jurisdiction of the District
Courts final, it was declared, the result
would be that the State would have three
co-ordinate courts, each at liberty to es
tablish precedents and to disregard the
decisions of the others. The effect of
such a system would tend to depart from
uniformity of law and toward uncertain
ty and confusion.*
As a means of correcting this defect, it
was pointed out, the proposed amendment
provides as follows:,
* In any cause decided by a District Court of
Appeal, if the decision of such Court of Ap
peal conflicts with a previous decision of the
Supreme Court, or of another District Court
of Appeal, the Supreme Court shall, upon pe
tition to be filed within thirty days after entry
of Judgment in the District Court of Appeal,
order the cause to be heard by the Supreme
Court, and thereupon the record shall be trans
mitted to the Supreme Court, which shall hear
and determine the cause.
Show Faults of Proposed Measure.
. At 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon a gen
eral meeting of the Bar Association of
San Francisco was held for the purpose
of considering and acting upon Senate
constitutional amendment No. 15. This
proposed amendment provides for the
creation of three District Courts of Ap
peal and the distribution of appellate Jur
isdiction between such courts and . the
present Supreme Court. This amendment
Is In most respects the same as the
amendment which was submitted to the
people at the last election and failed of
adoption. Several changes, however,
have been made for the -purpose of. meet
ing some of the criticisms which were
directed against that amendment, the
most Important of which is a provision
providing- for the transfer of an appellate
case from the appellate courts to tho
Supreme Court or vice versa, in cases
where the. appellant has appealed to the
wrong court.
Dr. Edward R. Taylor, the chairman of
the committee of the Bar Association, ap
pointed to co-operate with a committee
of the Los Angeles Bar Association to
prepare and present to the Legislature an
amendment of the articles of the present
constitution relating to the judiciary,
moved the adoption of a resolution that
it was the sense of the Bar Association of
San Francisco that Senate constitutional
amendment No. 15 should pass. In sup
port of his motion Dr. Taylor said,
among other things, that this amendment
represented the best thought, not only
of the present committee, but of commit
tees heretofore appointed for this same
purpose during the last fifteen years; that
it was well known that the Supreme
Court was approximately three years be
hind In its work; that its calendar was
overcrowded with cases and that even
with the. aid of the commission It was
unable to keep pace with the constantly
increasing volume of appealed cases; that
the proposed amendment was Intended to
relieve the present congested condition
by providing for a division of labor and
thereby facilitating the speedy determi
nation of litigation.
At General Meeting That Body I>e
clares Against Creation of Fro
posed New Courts of
Appeal.
Bar Association Strongly
Opposes Amendment
I Fifteen,
LAWYERS VOTE
IN OPPOSITION
The controversy between the Contract
ing Teamsters' Association and the San
Francisco Teamsters'- Union has been ad
justed on terms satisfactory to both sides.
The agreement upon which a compromise
was effected will last for eighteen months
and provides that the objectionable
boarding-house system will be abolished
not later than next August. The follow
ing statement from the Arbitration Board
sets forth the conditions of agreement:
Schedule of wages to be paid until January
1, 1902: Four-horse teamsters and two-lioree
trick teamsters, $2 23 per day; two-horse band.
gravel, rock and other such teamsters, $2 per
day; one-horse cart- and wagon teamsters, $2
per day. Wages on and after January 1, 1902,
shall be: Four-horse teamsters and two-horse
brick teamsters,, $2 50 per day; two-horse sand,
gravel, rock and other such teamsters, $2 25
per day; one-horee cart and wagon teamsters,
|2 per day.
Hours of labor to be from 6 a. m. to 5 p.
m. Night crew to work from 8 p, m. to 6
a. m. For Sunday and holiday work and for
overtime, rate of wages shall be time and a
half, and the following shall be considered
the holidays referred to: Washington's birth
day, Fourth of July, Labor day, Thanksgiv
ing and Christmas day. Wages shall be paid
every two weeks.
Members in good standing of the San. Fran
cisco Teamsters' Union to be employed, except
where the union cannot furnish, sufficient help;
then the contractors may engage non-union
roen, such men to become members of the
union within two weeks.
The boarding-house Bj'stem will be abolished
not later than August 1, 1901. Pending such
abolition conditions under which men shall
board and lodge are regulated by the agree
ment.
On all old contracts the men will tx» paid
at the rate of wages that they were paid prior
to the date of this agreement.
The agreement has been entered Into for
eighteen months from date. The agreement
further provides that the questions upon which
the contracting parties fail to arrive at a
satisfactory settlement shall be submitted to
a board of arbitration and there shall be no
suspension of business pending such decision.
This agreement was entered into between C
A. "Warren, Harry N. Gray and John Tuttle,
acting for the Contracting Teamsters' Associa
tion, and between M. Casey, .T. D. Pierce and
Ed Rosenberg, acting for the Teamsters'
Union. When the arbitration proceeding
started it was understood that if no set
tlement could be made between these repre
sentatives a seventh should be called in. A
satisfactory sttlement, however, was arrived
at without calling In a seventh man.
C. A. WARREN, Chairman..
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
ing-Houses Will Be
Abolished.
Agreement Entered Into Will Hold
for Eighteen Months and Board-
Their Disputis Are Adjusted
by th« Arbitration
Board.
TEAMSTERS WILL
WORK IN HARMONY
Orpheum Presents Papinta in Sensational
Dance«="Telephone Girl" at California.
LOIE FULLER DAZZLES
AUDIENCE AT COLUMBIA
THE SAN PB ANCISCO CAT.L,, TUESDAY, MARCH vl "2, 1901.
The two. greatest serpentine dancers in the world are at present playing
in San Francisco. La Loie Fuller, fresh from "gay Paree," Is with us again
at the Columbia. She has -some new dances and proudly claims to be the
originator of the* serpentine dance. Chic and whlrlwind-Uke, Paplnta at the
Orpheum is as much a favorite as ever. The two dancers are on their mettle
and there will n& doubt be a great deal of discussion as to which Is the bet
ter dancer.
7
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears* is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
AM eort« of people t»e it, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists. '-.*¦>*
r^f^*"* Cv CANDY CATHARTIC *^*
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In bulk.
Bcwzre of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
A~WTT S53ULNT3.
EVERT EVENING MAT. SATURDAY.
"HELLO Main 1731 — How Is^ THE
TELEPHONE
Aini ojj
VJf 1 fl JL* i ••• ..IMMENSE!
THE PERFORMANCE IN ITS ENTIRETY
UP TO THE MOMENT: , : «s
r>ini <- WHO ARE PRETTY!
|J 1 K L^ WHO CAN ' DANCE!
vm -*^ who can sing:
Bright tad Catchy Xasij. with a Cut of
40 CLEVER COMEDIANS 10
Evening 25c. aSc, SOc, 75c, #1.
Matlne«.. 23«.. 5Oo. 75c.
SEATS NOW READY.
EVERY EVE THIS WEEK.
MAT. SAT.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OP SVCCES3.
UNDER the
SEALED romantic
ORDERS C0MEDY -
Presented by an Excellent Company of Players.
PRICFU5:
15c. 25c. 35c. r.Oc.
Next— Sunday afternoon, March 17, the bis
New York sensation,
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY.*'
PHI I1RAGHA SA« F2M3I5C0-5
%^^MVf 8f!_i3 S M IEAOISQ THEATRE
AN OPERATIC GEM!
MOST FRQNOrXCED HIT IN TEARS.
• ' DE KOVEX AND SMITH' S
THE
MOST SUCCESSFUL fmf i fi f-¥ m,
OPERA. MM M KJAl ~
PRODUCED WITH \Af 79 "V _
GREAT EFFECT. »¦. r\ *
MAN
Together with the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
In "The ArehanBel" and "The Tempest."
Every Nljcht, including Sunday. Matine* Sat.
PRICES 23c to ?1.50.
Carriages at 11 P. M.
VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST.
Bunth and Rudd Co.. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy, Beatrice Moreland and Company, L«i
Trols Freres Macayno, Wjlson and Waring.
Katherine Bloodgood, Johnny Johns, the
Great American Blosraph and
Reserved seats. 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, ?0c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TIYOLI*
EVEMTNGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT Z.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK!
"YOU'LL MISS A TREAT IF YOU FA1I*
TO SEE"
WIZARD
rim NILE I
March I8-"THEJEDD1NG DAY."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and SOc
Telephone— Bush 9.
—
THIS TUESDAY NIGHT
Augustln Daly's best comedy.
The Last Word
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week — The New Tork Madison Square
Theater Farce Hit.
THE PROPER CAPER.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
performances at 2:30 and S p. m. dally.
NORRIS & ROWB'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SUNDAY.
300— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 200
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
in the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions. Ponies,
Monkeys. Docs. Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First time in this city of Mr. Winston and his
wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS. th»
moat marvelous animal act in the world.
HERR SETTLER, the famous German animal
trainer, and his small Clown Elephant
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS, 25c: CHILDREN. 10c.
Phone South 720.
D A TEC TANFORAN
KAU£_ PARK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
Week March 11 to. 16. six high-class races
each day. Tuesday.' steeplechase; Thursday,
high-weight handicap.
Saturday. GREAT CALIFORNIA DERBY.
iZQOO added.
First race daily at 1:10 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend, 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m.. 12:40.
1, 1:30, 2 p. m. Returning leave track *:15 and
thereafter at short intervals. Rear cars r»-
gerved for ladies and escorts.
(ETWeek of March IS SEVERAL BIO EVENTS
ADMISSION. INCLUDING R. R. FARE, « 23.
MILTON S. LATHAM, Secretary.
| E. J. POWER. Racine Secretary.
RACING! RACING ! RACING !
1900-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur*.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or •ola*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12: JO, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ta-»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoklnc. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vi»
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at beventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electrto car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and.
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. W1LLIAM3 JR.. President. ,
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. -
r«TCr«lipip»o CONCERT HOUSE.
Fiechtrs Tyrolean Troupe, Egry. Irene Kooer,
George Sisters. Trixp.-lu. the Leona. Chester.
Matt Keefe and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Orsrans of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For rale by druggists.
Weekly Call, $1 per Tear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGOEAMCHE
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain ii!
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
0 A 3 A P C Thesi hotels po»-
1 iALAuL S€SS the attributes
, ) that tourists and
pnf] travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
RRAfJH Hberal mana B«-
UllnliU ment, modern ap-
IJ ft T CI O pointments and 1
Sail Fr3[lClSC0. ropean plans.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, en lln« of railroad, for
tale. Splendid chance for thost about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAK-
MEN A SOMES (S. C MASON, acent).
101 Chronicle bid;.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
X^^^jJl^^* ~ 1^ UttSIt CITY IUUM
Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production the patriotic drama,
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1846.
During the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troops.
See Storming of Fortifications Around Chapul-
tepec.
nnirrc Evenln&s 10c. 15c, 35c, SOc
ilUVL.3 Matinees lOc, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "COLLEEN BAWN."
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRALTHEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1981
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S.RIODEJANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of th«
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL. ASSO-
CIATION No, 35.
Tickets ¦ - One Dollar*
M@&9£CO 9 S
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Second and Last Week of the Gorgeously
Beautiful Spectacle. ,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c and 50©
' Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c. Good
Reserved Beats In Orchestra at all Matinees,
25c.
- Branch Ticket . Office. Emporium.
MONDAY EVENING— SEMBRICH GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
SHERMAN, GLAY_& CO.'S HALL.
THIS AFTERNOON
At 3:15,
MME. TERESA
si 99 E&tfrV 9Lb bTm h w j
The World's Greatest Pianist.
Last Recitals Thursday Night and Saturday
Afternoon.
Reserved Seats, $2 00, $l 50 and ft On sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. m.
By IRVING BACHELLER.
250th THOUSAND
Never in the history of literature has any author* received
such spontaneous, unanimous and sincere commendation of con-
temporaries as Irving BacheUer upon the appearance of "Eben
H olden," the most popular book of the present day.
"A forest-scented, fresh-aired, bracing and wholly Amer-
can story of country and town life."— Edmund Clarence Steaman.
"I pass the word aW: READ 'EBEN HOLDENT'—
(Margaret B. Sangsttr. ;.
tamo, gold lettered on red cloth, gilt top, $1.50. .
AT ALL BOOKSELLERS.
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY,* BOSTONWASHINGTON. March 11— The March re
port of the statistician of the Department of
Agriculture shows the amount of wheat - re
maining in farmers' hands on March 1 to have
been about 12S.100.000. bushels, or 24.5 per cent
of last year's crop, as compared with 15S 100 -
CCO bushels, or 29 per cent, on hand March i
1900. and 198,000,000 bushels, or 29.3- per cent
on han.l March 1. 1S'J9. The corn in farmer« :
hands i« estimated nt 776.200.0C0 bushels or 36 9
per cent, of last year's crop.- against 32.2 n»r
cent March 1. 1P0O. and 41.6 per cent March
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March U.-Tlie visible supply
. Of grain Saturday, March 9, as compiled by
Stocks of Grain.
CHICAGO, March 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 22.
000, Including 1200 Texans. Steers, choice,
steady; others slow. Texans, steady. Good to
prime steers, $5^6; poor to medium, S3 60®4 90;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 65; cows, |2 KOif?
4 25; heifers, »2 fiOf/4 40; canners, |1 75®2 40
bulls. |2 75@'4 20; calves, »4 60®6 25; Texas fed
steers, J4$t4 SO; Texas grass steers, S3 35® 4-
Texas bulls, $2 50@3 50. • v '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 33,000; • to-morrow
28.000; left over. 4000. Opened steady: closed
Etrong. Mixed and butchers. $5 35©5 63; good
to choice. $5 50®5 70: rough heavy, J.5 37H@5 45
light. J5 35^5 60; bulk, jr. 55<g5 624.
SHEEP-Recelpts. 15.000. Sheep strong to
shade higher. Lambs active, 10c higher. Good
to choice wethers, $4 40<S4 90: fair to choice
mixed. J4@4 50; -Western sheep, J4 40f®4 90-
Texas isheep, J2 50(Ef3 75; native lambs, Jl 50®
5 33; Western lambs, to@5 33. ,; :"f
Chicago Livestock Market.
* *
''.--¦ . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • May. July.
Opening 5 1U4 6 11V4
Closing 5 lift 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 65 19 70
Closing. IS 65 19 70
Flour-
Opening 23 70 25 05
Closing 23 70 25 05
On the Produce Exchange to-dnv the butter
market was dull; creameries, 15@21c; dairies,
ll©19c. Cheese, active; lOU'gtll'ic. £&gs, dull;
fresh, 12>*c.
Ni:w YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhare* Closing
s.-.' ".. Stork — Bid.
1S.1* AtcMson 37»i
]7>K) Atrhison prefd S\%
2.700 !i«ltlr-ore & Ohio ..; S2i»
Onna.linn Vnrltlrt 9O«4
3«> C»nii<ta fVjtithern 67
».«>"« Chf'.KX>-tik<- ft Ohio .' 4fi»i
11,3/* Oilmen <Jreat Western 22
4r..2'i0 fhlrngo lJurllngtrn & Qulncy lin^i
?(•O whicago Ind A: Louitrtille 33 .
100 Chlraro Ind & Louisville prefd 7H;
2.2i« Ohicapo & Eastern Illinois 119%
t !C0 Chl«LRO & Northweste.ni 173
Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 123
!CEW YOKK. March 11— To-day's stock
market wan a dull one in rplte of the
...'-¦ irJinirfjot.ions s irj wi<3© r'^cc niovc"
nu-nts in seme individual stocks. The
inertia Of the peneral market in spite of these
points of activity cove the whole a very spotty
appearance. Professional operations were ob
viously responsible in a large degree for such
<t(-aling« as occurred and for the manipulation
which txapKerated the price movement. Where
professional manipulation was not at work the
tlay*e movement will be t»**n to have been very
felugfris-b »n<1 not a few losses are recorded
erea uraont stocks which are usually promi
nent in the market. The Interruption of tele
graphic communication on account of the
ftrom curtailed activity te some extent. Of
the day's ppedal movements that in Burling
ton attracted the most attention. St. Paul
eold ex riehte this morning, the rights being
quoted at 4^ to i\, reducing the price to 150
or under. This gave the supporters of Bur
lington «n opportunity to lift that stock over
Ft. Pnul to i;n*. a rise over Saturday of 2*4-
The movement seemed to be based purely on
the consideration that Burlington has had its
Mshts to subscribe to new stock while the
dividend rate i» already 6 per cent, with a 6
ner or-rt rat* for St. Paul still to be estab
lished. There »a> no news regarding the
ftock l)°votid the old rumor of refunding. The
coal carrying roads were strong with a few
exceptions. « here an advance has already been
made. There wan an early decline of over a
point in Sutar on account of the cut In the
price of refined sugar. The stock rallied to
well over Saturday, but cloned the day un
changed. Oreat Northers preferred was marked
tip <> point* In connection with the presence In
this city of the president and rumors that a
melon iw to »>e cut. Amalgamated Copper was
irtrcng. The dismissal of the Injunction against
the aonc.rptlcn oC the CugKenhclm Interests by
the American .Snv-IMng Company caused a rise
In those Kt<M-ks of 3'.» for the common and 2 for
the preferred. The realiet&g movement In the
last hour cut down ail these advance* to some
extent and in the active stocks reactions ran
from 1 to 2 points, with th* closing easy.
There va* a large a)u>on»tlon of bom]*,
cspetially <.f the low rrade and Bern I-specula
tive laaiM with contingent Interest payment.
Total Bales. fi.Ki5.000. United States refund
ing tw'« advanced »i and the new fours de
clined l i per '¦ttit DO tho laft call.
New York Stock Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels 25.000 22,000
Wheat, bushels 115.000 83.000
Corn, bushels 308.000 138.000
Oats, bushels 249.00O . 208.000
Kye. bushels' 7,000 16.000
Barley, bushels 25,000 4,000
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotatiens were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 6S@73c: No. 2 red,
74\4©"6c: No. 2 corn,« 33c; No. 2 yellow. 39c:
No. 2 white. 27%®2Sc: No. 3 white, 26Uff2Sc;
No. 2 rye, 52c; common barley, 3S@4?c: fair to
choice malting, 4S{JGCc; No. 1 Northwestern
flaxceed. Jl 66; prime timothy seed, $4 40: mess
pork, per bbl, $14 C0@14 65; lard, per 100 lbs.
$7 50iJ?7 52: short ribs sides (loose). $7 15®7 35;
dry Halted shoulders (boxed), 6H*?6%c; short
clear sides (boxed). *$7 £6@7 73; whisky, basis
of high wines, - $1 23; clover, contract grade,
»19 75.
Artlclfs— Oi>en. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 74 74 73% 7374
April 74% 74% 74% 74',4
May 70H 75% 75& 75*i
Con No. 2—
March .*..; 39
May 41 41H 40«4 40%
Oats No. 2— •
March 23% 23% 23% 23%
May 2V.» 24% 24V4 24?i
Mess Pork. r*r bbl— ,
March 14 55
May 14 80- 14 85 14 70 14 73
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
March .... 7 52V4
May 7 55 7 57>4 7 55 7 55
July 7 60 7 C2H 7 60 7 60
September 7 67tf 7 70 7 67& 7 67^
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
Match 7 20 >.... .... 7 20
May 7 20 7 23 7 20 7 25
September 7 30 7 35 7 30 7 32H
Local Forecast Official.
— — — *
The weather Is generally partly cloudy along
the Pacific Coast and cloudy and threatening
over the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
Light rain has fallen over California, Oregon
ami Washington and light rain or enow over
the plauau and Rocky Mountain regions.
The preuure has risen rapidly over the Pa
ciflc Elope and fallen over the Missouri Valley.
The umj«ra'.ure has fallen over the plateau
region and remained nearly Etationary in other
districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Tuesday.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
h'-urs. ending midnight. March 12, 1901.
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light to
fre«h northerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday:
probably showers in the mountains; ¦ fresh
northwest wind.
¦Nevada— Generally cloudy Tuesday; probably
!ijrht snow flurries.
I'tah — Cloudy Tuesday with snow.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday with rain In south
portion and pr.ow In north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light to fresh northwest wind.
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
K; iuinimum, 46; mean. 50.
WEATHEIl CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, March 11.— In addition to all the
other detriments to business with which traders
In Wheat have had to contend recently were
added prostrated wires, which not only delayed
news but shut off outsider orders. Trading
was therefore more than ever a family affair
throughout a conspicuously Inanimate session.
The fact that the Government report gave the
quantity of Wheat In farmers* hands which was
due after trading hours rendered speakers still
more loth to take on themselves any unneces
sary obligations. May opened unchanged to V»c
lower at 75 r Jig-75%cj fluctuations were narrow
and few, the close being easy, }ic lower at
75»ic.
The same conditions in Wheat were potent in
the Corn market, with a weak tendency. May
closed U6Hc lower at 4O4c.
Oats were dull and easier. May closed Vi@?»c
lower.
Provisions were dull and ruled easier under
liquidation, lack of outside support and on large
Hog receipts. May Pork closed 15c lower; Lard,
2Hc down and Ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in and
rtlcs were made at J5S6 50 for Hans. Jl 50®3
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES-^-Rhubarb. fWl 50 per "box-
Asparagus. lli?l2Hc for fancy,- 7@10c for No. 1
and 4@6c per lb for No. 2; Green Peas, 2H(f?5e
for Los Angeles and 3<5?6c for Bay: String
F.enns. 7@10c: Cabbage, $1@1 10 ;, Tomatoes. Ix>-
AnKelcs, 50c@Jl 25 per crate: from Mexico
TOCOJ1 25 per crate: Egg Plant. Los Angeles.
12%ai5c per lb for small and 20c for large 1
Green Peppers, Los Angelcj".- 10<?.12Hc per lb
for Chile and 12%<gi5c for Bell; Dried Peppp'ra
12«18c: Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots. 23(fr33c
per sack: Hothouse - Cucumbers, 73cJS'$2 per
dozen;. Summer Squash. JliSl 25 per box; Gar
lic. ¦ mmc per lb: Marrowfat Squash, J30 per
ton ; Mushrooms, 10@13c per lb.
OXIONS-?2<82 75 per «!;¦ Cut Onions, 50c@
$1 5D per sack; Australians are Jobbing at 5c;
Green Onions, 3S@40c per box.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, 12 60©3; Canary, 3H®
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa,. 7%@8H« for Califor
nia and »©'JV4o for Utah; Rape, 2®2Hc; Hemp.
3V4c: Timothy. 6\ic ¦ ' .
DRIED PEAS— NUes. J2@2 50; Green. $2 .700
8 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and. Vegetables.
Potatoes continue In ample supply and quo
tations show .little change. "" Sweets are lower.
Four cars came In. . -.1
Onions are quiet at previous prices.
Most of tho Rhubarb Is now selling by the
box, at about previous ! prices. There is llt
tl« change in- Asparagus. The Southern Veg
etablen continue In sufficient supply for the
demand.
Receipts were 540 boxes Asparagus, 307 boxes
Rhubarb and 53 Micks of Bay* Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose,- 75@90c; Burbanks.
23?7G0c for River and 50tfI90c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon; 60® 80c; .Sweets, 75c for
Merced: New Potatoes, 2®3c per lb.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 75; Small White, U 60
04 90; Large White, J4@4 25; Pink, J2 15®2 35;
Red. J3S3 BO; Blackeye, J3@3 23; Llmas! ; $3 60®
6 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, J3 75®4 per ctl. .
¦ There Is nothing new to report, the market
being dull all around. v : ;• .
Beans and Seeds.
KEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. J16®16 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25®26: jobbing,
»26 tO; Cocoanut Cake. J17018; Corn Meal. J254*
J25 :>0; Cracked Corn. J25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
iiseit
HAY-Volunteer. JoigS: Wheat, J11013; Wheat
and Oat. J9@12; Oat, J9@ll 60: -Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, JS@9 50: Barley. J7 50(89 50 per ton.
J3TRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— »16 50019 50 per ton
All descriptions stand as -before.
BRAN— $15@15 E0 per ton. . ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 25<3
S3 CO, ueual terms; Bakers' Extras, 33 15®3 23;
Oregon. 32 75@2 £5 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. fZ 75
©3. -•'- '-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the, trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye .Flour, J2 75; Ry«
Meal. J2 60: Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal J2 73;
extra cream do. J3 50; Oat Groats. Ji &0: Hom
iny. J3 60<a3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 60; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $tj 10
©7 CO; in sack*. J5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, JJ;
Split Peas. J5; Green Peas. 36 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market continues inactive at pre
vious quotations.
White, |1 25'c 1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
{1 25@1 40 for Feed and Jl 3S@1 45 for Seed ;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed. Jl 17%@1 20;
lor Fe<Hl. *1 25*31 30 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings continue neglected, and quo
tations are largely nominal.
Yellow, Jl 10@l 15; White, Jl 10@l 15; East
ern mixed, Jl 12Vi per ctl. *
RYE— S2Hig85o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2C00 ctls, CS^c; 6000. 6SV4c; SCOO, 6SHc.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. 69Hc Decem
ber—2000, 6S%c.
CALL BOARD SALES,
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot . Wheat— Shipping. 95c; milling, »7Hc@
$1 02V» per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— €000
ctls, 97%c. December-6000, $1 03%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 97%c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls, 9Sc;
2000, S8\4C. December— 2000, Jl 04.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 O4V4.
BAKLEY— There was rather more doing on
call, and the sjot market waa steady. Prices
remained unchanged.
Feed, 72^c for choice bright, 70@7Hic for No.
1 and 67Hc for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 75@S0c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
WHEAT— Paris was lower, but the other
markets showed little change.'-.
Interrupted telegraphic communication cut
down the usual supply of news from the East
ern markets." The American visible supply de
creased 302.000 bushels. . The. world's shipments
for the week were 7,742,000 bushels, against 9,
241.000 for the same week ' last year, the chief
Items being 1.2S0.0OO from Russia, 232.000 from
the Danubian provinces and 1,200,000 from the
Argentine. The quantity on passage to the
United Kingdom and Continent was 39,618.000
bushels. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S5U
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 88»i
Sterling Cables — 4 S$%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphto — 17',4
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. March 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.012 barrels: exports. 16.213. Quiet and steady
until the- close, when lt reflected wheat's ds
! Cllne.
WHEAT— Receipts, 66,600 bushels; exports,
If 2. 255. Spot, easy: No. 2 red, W>u c f. o. b.
afloat and 79c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
ST'ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 91>ic
t. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady and
1 continued so all day, notwithstanding a very
1 slack speculative trade. A heavy visible sup
ply decrease, steady English cables and fears
of a bullish Government report on farm re
. rerves all served to check aggressive selling
until near the close, when prices yielded and
were finally Me net lower and easy. March,
7VW70%c. closed 79*ic: May. 79 ll-16@80c.
closed 79*ic; July, 7»e79Hc, closed 79}ic
HAY— Steady.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 7Hc:
mild, quiet; Cordova, Sffl2Hc. Futures closed
barely steady, with prices 15@20 points net
lower. Total rales. 32,500 bags, including:
March. $5 90; May, $6 05; June, $6 10; August,
f* 10; September, $6 IS; October and November,
!(! 20; December. $6 25; January. |6 40.
SUGAR— Raw. weak and unsettled; refined,
dull and easy.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6901 packages. Steady.
Fresh creamery. 17@22c; June creamery, 15©
2Cc; factory. ll®15c.
EGGS— Receipts, lO.TiO packages. Firm at
the decline. Western at mark, 13»*@14c; South
ern ai mark, 13tiHe.
' DRIED FRUITS.
Dried fruit trading was of small volume and
confined chiefly to prime goods. At best the
market was no better than steady. Evaporated
apples— State common, 3*i<i?4$ic; prime, 4%@5c;
choice. 5%®6c; fancy, 6427c. ,
California dried fruits were Inactive and
nominal. Prunes, 3V4@S^c. as to size and
quality. Apricots— Royal. 7?4@12c; Moorpark,
S>i<§14e. Peaches— Peeled, UjflSc; unpeeled,
6H@l0a
The following are the eeasor.al rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
stason and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
SAX FRANCISCO. March 11—5 p. m.
(BOdl Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
"'The first new crr.y medium Brazil nuts
have arrived and are reported having a fair
tale at 74c Almonds tre unsettled, owing to
the uncertainly regarding frost on the other
tide. Ficily shelled ai* higher at 27Vsc Jor
dans and Valencia* are offered at 33V»c and
Sl'jc, respectively. California shelled are
quoted higher. Grenjble walnuts are un
changed. French tre -irrivlng more freely and
there is mere diFpotlti'.n to eell. Naples are
higher.' *
"Currants are meeting a email demand at
unchanged prices. Fig* are in better request
fend stocks are reported eteadlly diminishing.
Kard dates are *ic lower. Stocks are heavier
than generally it the case at this season.
E\arorated ayplo arc lifeless.
••California raifins very dull. Most hold
ers ask full quotation?, but there are occasional
lota seV.tng very cheA;>. A sale of less than
a car of 2-crown goods was reported yester
day at 6%c The good*, it was said, were of
good quality. Imj-orte'l raisins are quiet. Va
lencia levers are •lightly higher.
•Outiii<le of rru r -es there Is little doing.
••The only real life In the market is furnished
by the trade in prunes, which continues of
good proportion. Sizes 50-60s, 60-TOs and 90-100s
are must wanted, anl the two first-named
Fixes are scarce. HciJers ask CS«4c for
;o-6ff; considerable improvement in the de
mand 'or size? above MSa is noted also. Ch?ap
lots on the coast ere believed to be cleaning J
up. and there if a gtneral -undercurrent of
better feeline on the tart of all local holders.
Af state.! yesterday, however, surp'ie* now on
th? way from the coast undoubtedly will take
care of' the wants of the New York trade for i
eoir.e time yet.
Latest mail reports from New York say
Is little movement to note in the ealmon mar
ket, except that Alaska on the epot Is slightly
firmer owing to the Kte arrival of the ship
ments of the 1900 pack. There have been some
few Inquiries for California fruits— apricots
chiefly— but thrre is little buslnea*; pines are
Sn better requpft at lower rates. In Liverpool
ther* is n very good inquiry for salmon at fully
maintained priceE. T!i«re has been almost a
rque-eze In Alaska for tpot delivery, as there
If very little available: prompt delivery Alaska.
Is Fcarce. In fruits there are many buyers of
apricots at the lower lange of prices. Pears
and jxaches are well >i<aintalned in price."
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
The London Grocern' Gazette says: "There
Fruit and Salmon in London.
NEW YORK, March ll.-Close-Monoy on
Nezv York Money Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Unlbn Pacific 91
Tall loans 2@4 Union Land 4
Time loans 3>i<|4 West End 971,4
Stocks — ; • • Westlnghouse El... 60V
4. T &. S F 57*41 Bonds—
K T & S F prefd.. 91% Atchison 4s 102
American Sugar.. .140 IN E Gas&Coke 5s. 63ft
Am Sugar prefd.. .121 j Mining Shares-
Am Telephone — 159 Adventure ......... 12%
Boston A- Albany. .254 Allouez Mln Co... 21'4
Bonton Elevated... 170 <Amalg Copper 10Hi
Boston & Maine.. 194% I Atlantic ..„. 33
Chro. Bur & Q....1MH Boston & Mont 360
Dominion Coal 39V4 Butte' & Boston.. .101U
Dom Coal prefd.. ..110 Calumet & Hecla S.>5
Federal . Steel 43H Centennial 25
Fed Steel prefd S8% Franklin z*
Fitehburg nn-fd ..144 Humboldt 25
General Electric... 213 O*ceola &0V4
Gen Elec prefd 1W> Parrot 53
tM Elec 111 J'l Qulncy ...:. ins
Mexican Central... 13 Santa Fe Copper 7ti
N E Gas &. OOKe.. iz Tamarack ..... 337
Old Colony. ........209 Utah Mining 35
Old Dominion 37',4 Winona 6>4
Rubber ..: 1BV4 Wolverines 53
U S ref 2s reg 105HIN Y Central lsts..I07U
U S ref 2s coup 105VN J Cent gen 6s 133
TJ S 3s registered.. Ill (Northern Pacific 3s 71 H
U S 3s coupon Ill I Northern Pac 4s... 105%
V S new 4s reg.... 137^ N Y C & St L 4s4.10S'<l
IT S new 4s coup...l37%!Nor & W cons 4s..lOSri
U S old 4s reg 118 I Oregon Nav l*ts...llO
TJ S old 4s. coupon. 114 [Oregon Nav 4s.,..104Vi
U S 6s registered. .HUilOr Short Line 6s. ..126
U S 5s coupon 111V4 Or 8 L cons 5s 116^
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. .123 jReadlng gen 4s 94%
Atchison gem 4s 104% It G Western lsts..lOl
Atchison adjust 4s. 92 jHtL AIM cons 5S.117U
Canada Sou 2ds...lO7 1st L & S F gen 68.1511^
Ches-& Ohio 4Hs.. 1074 St Paul consols. ...1S4'/I
Cpes & Ohio &S....121H St P C & P lsts...llg
C *. Nor cons 7S..14OH St Paul C & P 5s.. 121%
C tr X S F Deb Ss.ll8>% Southern Pac 4s... 93VW
Chicago Ttrm 4s.. 96H Southern Ry 5s l]6'i
Colo Southern 4s.. 85% Standard R & T 6s 55
Denver & R G 4«. 102*4 Texas & Pac lsts.,119
Erie general 4s 86% Texas & Pac 2ds.. 85
Ft W & D C lsts. 90 Union Pac 4s lO6',i
Geri'Electrlc 5s.. ..176 IWabash lsts 119
Iowa Central lsts.ll«V«!Wabash 2ds 110H
L & N unified 4s..im West Shore 4s nr.u
M K-fc-T 2ds -7SH Wls Central lsts.. S8
M K &, T 4s 97% Va Centuries 95%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 95 Little Chief '. 14
Alice 85 Ontario s 00
Breeoe 1 20 Ophir 62
Brunswick Con .... 22 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel. .. 0j[Poto»l 04
Con Cal & Va... - .1 »; Savage 05
Desdwod Terra..... 5>'Plerra Nevada 25
Horn Silver ..;...;.! 10 Small Hopes «5
Iron Silver O Standard ..." 5 90
Lcadvllle Con 05
CLOSING BONDS,
4.200 C C C & St Louis "6H
7.200 Colorado Southern 10
6C0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45
2.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19V4
B.COO Delaware & Hudson 166
2.600 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 195
5,300 Denver & Rio Grande 39H
SCO Denver & Rio Grande prefd SS"4
11.200 Erie 28<4
7,900 Erie 1st prefd 66>»
S.200 Great Northern prefd 204U
300 Hocking Coal lb
3.200 Hocking Valley 54
1.500 Illinois Central 131
1,M Iowa Central 27'j
2,000 Iowa Central prefd 51Vt
200 Lake Erie & Western 41
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 210 ; i
15.200 Louisville & Nashville .94-,
18.700 Manhattan Elevated 119»*
9.100 Metropolitan Street Railway 165H
3.3UO Mexican Central IS
Minneapolis & St Louis T6- t
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 108^
10,900 Missouri Pacific 9Hi
1.200 Mobile & Ohio SI
l.&oa Missouri Kansas & Texas 20»i
11.700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 64i»
1.600 New Jersey Central lM^i
1,600 New York Central 144
16.S00 Norfolk & Western 49?i
3uO Norfolk & Western prefd 85
13.400 Northern Pacific 81*i
2.100 Northern Pacific prefd 87H
9.500 Ontario & Western 32»»
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
E.500 Pennsylvania 151
14.100 Reading 32»i
2S.10O Reading 1st. prefd 72**
8.900 Reading 2d prefd 4:'\
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 9614
8,100 St Louis & San Fran 43%
200 St Louis &. San Fran 1st prefd..' S6
4,900 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69^i
10,100 St Louis Southwestern 2b?i
10.6C0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 594
16.200 St Paul 149V4
St Paul prefd 1S9' 2
St Paul & Omaha 125 j
9,800 Southern Pacific 44%
9,000 Southern Railway 24v t |
7,000 Southern Railway prefd li\ 1
4.600 Texas & Pacific 2»^
13,800 Union Pacific 31
2.1C0 Union Pacific prefd &b\i
1.600 Wabash ISV*
20.700 W&bash prefd 33'i
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15'
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31>-i
1,900 Wisconsin Central li^
Third Avenue 121 |
100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92U
600 National Tube 53 j
400 National Tube prefd 101V4 •
Express Companies —
Adams 155
100 American 190
United States 5SV4
Wells-Fargo 141
Miscellaneous —
1,200 American Cotton Oil 25H
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
100 American Malting 6
American Malting prefd ...: 24
S?.7OO American Smelting & Refng 57V-
S.400 American Smelting & Refng prefd. 95Vi
American Spirits IV4
American Spirits prefd 17
2.S00 American Steel Hoop 3$%
3.S-G0 American Steel Hoop prefd 60**
6.S00 American Steel & Wire Z$\
4,200 American Steel & Wire prefd %% ''
1.000 American Tin Plate 62 '
3.000 American Tin Plate prefd 101
5.4(0 American Tobacco 120'i
American Tobacco prefd 146
2,600 Anaconda Mining Co 46'i
24.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7S»i
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45U
1.600 Continental Tobacco 45»t
1.5C0 Continental Tobacco prefd 1C2
5,000 Federal Steel 43*4
4,0><> Federal Steel prefd 89
2.5C0 General Electric 213V
300 Glucose Sugar 48 "
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 94
300 International Paper 23
CCO International Paper prefd 74%
Laclede Gas £0
9,400 National Biscuit 40»i
W0 National Biscuit prefd 94V4
2(10 National Lead 15H
100 National Lead prefd $6V,
3.600 National Steel 44V4
3,200 National Steel prefd 101
New York Air. Brake 160
Nnrth American (new) 74
Pacific Coast EI14
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
600 Pacific Mail 3i%
9.2C0 People"s Gas 103V4
2,200 Pressed Steel Car 36'.4
1,400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 74'/i
200 Pullman Palace Car 2OCV4
Standard Rope & Twine 4
32.900 Sugar 13354
Sugar prefd 120
6,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 54*4
1,900 United States Leather m;
1,200 United States Leather prefd 75 s *
1,000 United States Rubber 18%
300 United States Rubber prefd 5*14
1.000 Western Union 87T4
1,500 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17V4
4,400 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 67
P C C & St Louis 58»4
17.700 Amalgamated Copper 101
7S1.700 Shares sold.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Mrs Ewers, Napa H Dunning. Holllsttf
J Wilson. Sacto A Blaln. S Crui
H A Brown. Manila J Lewis. Rosaburg
C W Dern. Toledo R J Jackson. Colo
W A Hellman. Toledo P Martha, Nevada
W E Sage. Toledo J Bloddes A w. Fresaa>
R T Roddod. Ramond G St Ledger. Mo
S M Ovtatt, N Orleans J Smith & w, 8 Joaa
E Houley, Manila Miss Wlnton, S Crua
8 Edwards & t. Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs B Cohn ft d. N Y T Chrtsman. V«ntnr»
S E Burnett. Denver J Brodertck A w. la
E Freund. Crockett Miss A Brodertck. la
W Treat. Biggs J B Ferris. Calient*
C Lewis. Alameda J Small. Gait
J M Mills. Oakland J E Koeberle. L Ang
H II Vachtll Koelle. C Ceaser. Boise
Montreal Etta M Young. Chgo
J Nunan. Oregon 8 S chmldt. Astoria
Kathryn Ms-vy, Or E S Harris. Eaton Raa
F V Andn>'4 Or Agnes D Cameron. B C
R Verdeu. dtmset T D Hlne. New York
U B Curtis. Sunset L Coleman. N Men
R C Hills & w. Colo 8 M Rohr. Santa Rosa
W W Orcutt. Coalinga W T Hlckok. Holllster
H V Lucas. Chicago H Bendell Jr. CrMley
A C Peck.' Milwaukee Lole Fuller. Parts
A X Ilodd-n V-Vla >'' Block. Paris
H Dunn. Mas. W de Cam. Paris
P II Mack. Inyo Co L F Warner. Auburn.
T A Lockwood. & w, L Shonlnger, N Y
Chicago W W Lowell. Sacto
J D Donahue. M» J M Batchelder. Orovt
M Jacobs. NY S H Callen. Sacto
C II Samson. Omaha L Du Pont Syle A w.
E P Henderson. N Y I Berkeley
D L Keyt. Portland W A Barclay A w **-•
A C McLeod. S L Obsp'N Stauton. Kan.**. CT
F W Schaurte. S AnajT B H«nne«sy. Chro
E F Fortune. Davis H O Brown. Elmtra
J H Read. Sacto M G Ball. St Helena
E Robe & w, GUroy '
c , W Brera. Chicago W F C G M>nztea,
Miss Brega. Chicago Burllnrame
Mrs G D Humphreys. Mr & Mrs E H Jea-
Plttsbun: nlngs. New York
W J Wiley. Palo Alto A Gatzert & w. M?
J M Becker & w.SpknelMiss L Pf under. Or
CStege & d. Ky E Scudder & w. Mo
W W McBird. Denver! Miss R Pfunder, Or
M!ss R Alamelde, Eng W E Mitchell. Stanfrd
Mr & Mrs E J Brad- W W Capln. Sacto
lee. Boston J H Cunningham. Bstn
Ml!1B Gray. Boston Mrs Cunningham. Bstn
Mrs v> B de Binier.NYiMiss L Cunningham,
Mr & Mrs F Ander- Boston
son. va!et & maid. Miss B Cunningham.
Washlncton Boston
E Smith & w. Alton r> Duncan. England
?J 83 5 £ § mlth - I" E Henkel. England
Miss E D Smith. Ill J Ruwln. Portland
M f & Mrs F T Pea- Mrs I Fleishman & I
-tody Chieairo maids. Cincinnati
E B Nevis & w. Ill A Fleishman. Clndntl
Mr & Mrs F I Carpen- H Ackerland. Clnclntl
ter. Chicago Mme T Carrtno & 2 m.
F E Gore. Denver Berlin
A M Gore. Denver E P Hendrlclcsen. N Y
D May. w & m. Colo Mr & Mrs A Boris. Mo
Mrs p Goritt. Mass A M Murphy, w ft c,
Mrs H D Sarery. Mass Spokane
Miss A G Shaw. Mass! Mrs J C Glbb, Spokan*
Mrs L S Baker. Ross I A L Thomaj. Chgo
C H Castle. Ill W T Smith. Chicago
F E Marshall * w. Mo Mr & Mrs O L Owens.
Mrs I McConihe. N Y New York
Miss McConihe. NT B R Gage. Boston
MUs Cramer. NY G Conway, Portland
J Green & w. Kans CjO Witt. New York
Mrs F S Clark. Spokn Cauley. Pa
E T Carrlngton, X Y G Just. New York
Mr St. Mrs G M Mc-j
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Suzar marked dozvn 20c. • ;
Pacific Codfish advanced.
Silver and Exchange as prrjiously quoted.
Wheat dull and not materially changed. \ *
Other cereals as before quoted.
Nothing nnv in Hay, Feedstuff s and Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Vegetables in good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand as before.
Oranges arriving in somewhat better condition. '
Lemons and Limes continue firjti. Bananas steady.
Hams and Lard advanced slightly. Bacon unchanged.
Prunes continue to improve. Other Fruits dull.
Low rate made on Raisins for export.
Canners bidding very fair prices for new fruits.
No change in the Meat market.
Moderate trading in the stock exchanges.
WASHINGTON, March II.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $152,251,659; gold, ?S7.727,2S0.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. March 11.— Atchlson. BSH: Cana
dian Pacific. 9374; Union Pacific preferred. 87V4:
Northern Pacific preferred. 80; Grand Trunk.
7; Anaconda, 9tf: bar silver steady, 28 l-16d;
money, 3@3& per cent.
CLOSING,
1 The impending, settlement to-morrow had a
dampening effect upon the markets here to
day. Dealings were slack in all departments
and the tone was dull, partly on the report
that negotiations with General Botha had
proved abortive.
American stocks were quiet. Erie shares and
Reading were wanted here on the news that
the companies have offered to maintain the
wages of coal miners.
The . bank statement waa almost entirely ig
nored here.
NEW TOHK. .March 11.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram «ays:
London Market.
t ¦
call, steady at 2£2^ per cent. Prime mercantile
paper. 3H@4 per cent. Sterling exchange, easy,
with actual. business in bankers' bills at »4 87^»
@4 S7U for demand and at U 84 for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 85>4®4 S8U; commercial bills,
$4 S314@4 83%. Silver certificates, 61H@63c. Bar
silver. 60%c. Mexican dollars, 49c. Government
bonds. Irregular; State bonds, strong: railroad
bonds, strong.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 12, 50 Con. Cal & V.I «2W
200 Best & Belcher 19 300 Ophir 66
150. Caledonia 72 100 Ophir 65
500 Caledonia 74 SCO Overman II
200 Chollar \ 06 100 Overman 15
200 Best & Belcher 20 300 Overman 13
200 Crnwn Point... 12 300 Overman ....... 14
100 Ophir C6 430 Silver Hill 4.1
100 Ophir 63 2C0 Tellow Jacket.. 20
Morning Session.
Tha following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock • Exchange yesterday: V-'
1IV> Best & Belcher 10 500 Overman 12
300 Chollar 06 700 Overman 13
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Overman 14
200 Oould & Curry IS 100 Savage 10
6«0 Justice 04 500 Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Mexican IS ICO Silver Hill 43
200 Ophir. 63! EDO Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 02 300 Mexican 17
200 Belcher 12 200 Ophir 66
3no Best & Belcher 20 100 Ophir 63
100 Best & Belcher 19 150 Overman II
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 1C0 Potosi 15
300 Con Cal & Va..l 65 500 Sejr Belcher 02
100 Crown Point... 12 200 Silver Hill 43
200 Oould * Curry* 17 2rtO Utah 04
100 Hale & Norc... 13 4C0 Tellow Jacket.. 19
Morning Session.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morr.inu session. <
Board— >
100 Aztec 170
650 California-Standard 62
1000 California-Standard 54
1000 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 22
2000 Independence, b 30 20
ICO Junction 67
600 Llr.da Vista 16
300 Lion 20
300 Monarch of Arizona 63
100 Occidental of West Virginia • £4
273 Occidental of West Virginia 66
60 Peerless 8 00
500 Petroleum Center 18
100 Sterling : 2 50
300 Twenty-eight 160
• .100 Wolverine 145
'.., - Afternoon Session, i
200 Aztec ..'.. ;.... i 170
200 Bear Flag a
100 California-Standard 64
2G0 California-Standard 53
1200 Four 60
1C0 Independence 19
300 Junction 67
500 Junction 63
120 Kern 8 60
700 McKittrick 42
300 McKittrlck 41
400 Monarch of Arizona 63
100 Occidental of West Virginia 53
23 Peerless 8 00
2C0 Reed Crude 60
100 Wolverine 1 <5
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Beard—
1200 California-Standard 63
500 Four Oil Co 69
100 Kern Oil 8 SO
500 Monarch of Arizona CO
25 Monarch of Arizona 62
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60 .'.... 17
1000 Petroleum Center 18
1500 Petroleum Center, b 90 17
1000 Reed Crude 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 California-Standard 65
500 California-Standard 84
100 Home Oil 195
100 Independence 21
7C0 Lion 21
30 Monarch of Arizona 60
700 Monarch of Arizona 61
200 Monte Crlsto 2 45
60 Peerless 8 60
1C00 Petroleum Center, b 30 : 16
1000 Reed Crude 60
100 San Joaquin Oil & D Co 11 60
60 Wolverine 140
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Bay C P C 5S..103U — Oak W Co 5s. — 101
Cal-st Cab 5s. .116',* — Oceanic SS us.ldohiWA't
C C Water 5s. — 109 Om C R 6s — 130
K L & P 6S...12SH133V4 Pac Gimp Is. — 100>4
F.& Cl Ry 6S..112H — Pk & Cl R 6s. 105 — '
Geary-st R 5a. — — Pk & O R 6s, — —
Haw. C 5H8....10P4 _ Powell-st R 6s.l20 -
Haw C os 106Vi — S E a & R 5». — 9iVa
L A R R 5s 111% — " S F & SJV 5S.120H —
L A L Co 6s... — — S P of Cal 6».11(> —
. Do gntd.6s.. — 104 jS P R of A 6s.H2H —
Do gntd 5s.. 100 - IS P C 6s (1305.
L A P R R 58.1011410214 Series A).... — 110»4
Markt-st C 6s. — 127 Do (Series B) — Ul\
Do 1st C 5S..121U — ! Do (I906> — 113*i
N C N G R 7s. — 131H! Do (1912) 122% —
N Rof Cal 6«. — 114ft. S P C 1st S 5s.lf*5ij —
N R of Cal 5s.l20«i - JS P Br R 6s... 132 133
N P C R R 6s.l01Vi — IS V Water 6s. 112V* —
N P C R K 5s. 108% 108% IS v Water 4s. — 104
N C R R on. .111 — I Do 3d mtg-..102HlC2H
O G L & H 5S.113 — Stkn G & E 6s.l00 —
Oak Tr Co 6a.. 118 117 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa... — — I Spring Valley.. 91 —
Marln County. 53^4 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 (Pac Lt Co 43 —
Eqult Gas 3?i 3H'Sae E G & R.. — *»
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8»4 B F G & E 47H 48
O a L & H... 60H 51%, San Francisco. 4»4 *hi
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45 )Stktn Q & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund..233 — f * |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo Cal 77 — ILon P & A. ...147 —
Bank of Cal... — 411*4 Mer Ex (liq).. 1« -
Cal Safe Dep.. - 108 S F National. .120 123
1st N of S F.. — 312^4
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 60 - Union Trust... — -
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornla-st... — 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47>4 — Presidio 25 SOtf
Market-Bt 69V4 70
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con 83 83%iVlgorit 2% 3%
SUGAR STOCKS. •
Hana Plan.... S ft4 Kllauea 23'* 24
Haw Com..:... — S64 Makawell 43 44
Honokaa 33 33^4 Onomea, 29% —
Hutch S P 25% 26 Paauhau 34 33
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A...U0 121 Oceanic BS Co 65 56*4
Cal Fruit Can. 9**4100*4 Pae A F A.... 1T4 3*,
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. ISO 152V4
Mer Ex Assn..lO2',4 — Par Paint Co.. 12H —
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Cal Wine Assn. caah 100 00
35 Hana Plantation Co 8 25
$1000 Market-Bt R R con Ss 121 60
6 S F Gaa & Electric Co, cash 43 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 60
J10.0CO S P of A bonds 112 25
60 Spring Valley Water 91 60
Street—
$1000 S P of A bonds .....112 25
$3000 Spring Valley 4s K2d mtge) /....103 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 83 60
13 Honokaa. S Co 33 00
20 Pacific Coast Borax 152 50
30 Pacific Coast Borax 152 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 4i 00
185 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
7 Spring Valley Water 91 00
Street—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 129 30
10 Onomea Sugar Co 29 75
60 S F Gas & Electrto Co.... 48 25
$20,000 S P Branch Ry 6s 132 25
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. : \ '.-V Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 114 114V 4s coup (new..l37T413SH
4s registered. . .113 ¦ 113?-* 3s coupon. 110% —
MONDAY. March 11—2 p. m,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Local stocks and . bonds were dull and un
changed on the moraine session.
The only change in the afternoon was a de
cline in Gas and Electric to 547 75.
The . oil stocks wero fairly active in the
morning, with an advance in Callfornla-Stand
anl and a decline In Occidental.
There were no chanres worthy of note In
the afternoon. . • ¦ > . si-v
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, March 11.— The wheat market
was steady at 66c to 56%c for Walla Walla,
TACOMA, March 11.— Wheat— Steady; un
changed; Bluestem, 57Hc; Club, 64Hc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., March 1L— Clearings, $479,
112; balances, $30,131.
WHEAT— Spot. No. 1 California. 6s 2Hd: No.
2 red Western winter, dull, 6s lid; Northern
spring-, dull, 6s 2V*d. Futures, dull; May, 6s
ll^d; July, 6s lid. • ' . • .
CORN-Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 8s
9«id: do old, 3s imd. Futures, dull; March,
nominal; May. 3s 8%d; July, Ss 8!4<i.
CLOSING,
LONDON, March 1L— Consols. 96?4: silver,
28 1-1 63; French rentes. 102 f 37 Vie; cargoes
Walla Walla, 28s > 10%d; import into United
Kingdom, wheat, 815,000; : Import into United
Klntdom, flour, 280,000.
LIVERPOOL. March 11.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California. 6s 2>£d®6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet.
COTTON-Uplands, 5 l-16d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. March 11.— A drop of 60 points
in tin In the local metal market occurred un
der liquidation as the result of an unfortunate
but statistical situation and a lack of specu
lative interest. These influences were also felt
abroad. London closing about £1 12s 6d lower
to £116 12s 6d:for spot and £113 17s 6d for
futures, while 200 tons spot and 70 tons futures
changed hands -at these figures at that point.
The local market closed weak at $25 65@25 SO.
Copper was dull at $17 for Lake and $16 62H
for casting. »
Lead and spelter were both dull and feature
less, closing at M 37% and $3 92%©3 97tf, re
spectively, s
No business was done in the Iron market.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 11.— The opening In cot
ton was steady with prices 2 points higher to
2 points lower." Soon after the call liquidation
of ¦ cotton purchased Saturday on the reaction
theory | began j to ! come " out,' while ¦ the South
telegraphed large selling orders. Europe, too.
offered several considerable blocks of near
month delivery cotton, while there appeared to
be practically, no . buyers -other than slight
room demand of profit-taking orders, which
were -readily-, appeased. The - factors . which
prompted the selling for both accounts com
prised weak - cables, reports that New Eng
land mills were going to resort to short time,
heavy port receipts. - forecasts for an increased
movement In the Southwest, rumors of urgent
epot offerings South. and claims that planters
were making every preparation to at least
duplicate last year's acreage. -The market was
finally steady, with prices net 10(313 points
lower. . ; . ¦ ¦: ¦¦¦ • . . - .
New York Cotton 'Market.
the . New York Produce : Exchange, is as fol
lows: 'Wheat, 65.893,000 'bushels: . decrease,
1,341,000 bushels. Corn, 21.014.000 bushels; In
crease, 1.250.000 bushels. . Oats. 10.S38.00O bush
els; Increase. .283,000: bushels. Rye. 1,115.000
bushels; decrease, 48.000 bushels. Barley, 1.3a5.
000 bushels; decrease, 175,000 bushels.
Plour, qr sks.'.'.V. 8.2C3 bales ... "jo
r.'heat. ctls 16J.14J Hides. No ... ' ->t-
Barley.ctls ...... 4.70U Pelts, bdlsj .....' « s
pats, ctls ........ 1.K0 Tallow, ctls ...... 303
JJeans. sks .. — 1,0:9, Sugar. ctU ....;.. 400
Bran, sks .... • 6frO, Quicksilver. Hsks = is
Hotatoest. sks .'... 4.4SS; Leather, rolls. 79
III<:dlinB3, sks ... 1C0' Wine, gals ...... 72 l">o
Hay. tons 4-i7 Lime, bMs' ...... 273
Straw, tons 23.Chlcory. bbls .... 3a
Mustard, sks ..... .27|
FOR MONDAY. MARCH 11.
Receipts of Produce.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Most descriptions have
been advanced, as follows: Bundles, per lb
4Hc; cases, regular. 5c: do. extra large, 5«4 C '
do. Eastern style. 6c; Boneless, 6Hc; Norway'
6^c;- Narrow Gauge. 6%c: Silver Kinpr.
blocks. ' Oriental. 6c; do. Seabrlght, 6^ic- tab
lets. 7Uc; middles. •¦ Gclden State. 6?ic- do
White • Seal.- E»»c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless'
9c; 2-lb do. 7c; Desiccated, per dozen 7»c'-
Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7 75; do.' half
L&rre.ls, $4 75.
- SUGAR — Prices have been marked down 20c
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, per lb. In JOO-lb bags:
Crushed. 6,05c: Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.tS5c: Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.53c;- Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C.
S.OSc^ Golden C, 4.95c; barrels,- 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c. more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels. 6.30c: boxes. 6.55c p«r :1b.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. ' $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 pounds and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand. ' : .
BAGS-San Quentln Bags. $3 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. «H©6Xc; local
make. 6%c; Wocl Bags, 30©32Ho; Fleece Twine.
7HC. • . ¦ '
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 7&*c for Steers and 6®7V&c per lb for
cows. *.
tVE>7<— Large. 7®Sc; small. Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@10c; Ewes, 8^@3c per
pound. i'-^vV^
LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring. 10@12V4c
per pound.
PORK — Live Hogs, 6%e for small and t\lc
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 5ftc;
feeders. Btfc; dressed Hogs, 8@9V4c
The market shows no change whatever.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 13@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@13c; do.
defective, 10@llc; Middle County, free. Kkgllc;
do. . defective. 9®10c; Southern. 12 month*. 8®
9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c: do, de
fective, ,7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
l'lfilGc; do, medium and coarse, 14® 15c; Ore-
Ron Eastern, choice. 12@14c: do, fair to good.
9©lle: Nevada. 10<frl2c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 11(8120: Middle County and Ncrth
i rn, 8di!'o; San .Toaquln. 7@8c.
HOPS-15620C per lb. ,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
obout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
SUSlOc; medium. 9c; light, 8©Stfc: Cow Hides.
S'^c for heavy and SflSVic for light; Stags, 6@
6%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9®10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 13tf@16c; Culls, 13%@14c;
Dry Kip, 15@16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; culN and
brands. 14@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c
each; shcrt Wool. 30Q50c each; medium, 6O@75c;
ling Wool. 75c(?$l each; Horse- Hides, salt, $2 50
@2 75 for large and $2$?2 25 for medium, Jl 25
lor small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 SOVor medium. $1 25 for small
and 60c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, S5c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.
7. r c: larjfs and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 4@4Hc: grease, 2@2%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. S^c; three
half- barrels, Sc: one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
""iic; five tierces. 7*ic per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierce* nuoted at 6*4e per . th fnr
compound and 9*>2@9}.ic for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 10c; 10-lb tins. 10Hc; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll©ll*4e per lb for
heavy, 11H012C for light medium. 12H©13e for
licrht. 13«l«e for extra li*ht and iMllSKe fn*
supar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12®
15«Ac; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess,
$!3; Family, $14; extra fine Pork. $15015 50:
extra clear, $19 50S20; Mess, $17; Smoked
Eeef, 13c per pound.
Some of the trade are quoting an advance
in Hams , and Lard. There Is no change In
Bacon.
BEESWAX-24S28c per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@14c for bright and 12V40
13c for light amber: water white extracted,
7V-c; light amber extracted, 6V407c: dark. 6®
6Hc per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1. softshell, 10c; No. f. "He: No.
1 hardshell. 9Hc: No. i. 7c: Almonds. 12®13c
for papershell, 94rllc for softshell; Peanuts, b<&
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, 13 50© 5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard. We; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. io*4c per
lb; choice. 9>4c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. Sc: Seedless. 60-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown, 6Hc; 2-crqwn, 6c
Paciflo brand, 2-crown. 6c: 3-crown, 5Vic. and
4-crown, 5Hc: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy, 18
ounce, 7c: 12-ounce. 54c; choice. 18-ounee, 6\c;
12-ounce, M4c; London Layers. 2-crown. $160
per box; 3-crown, $1 60: Fancy Clusters. $2; De
hesa 12 60; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points in California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c: 30-40s, 7c*
40-508. 6Kc: 60-608, 4V4c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Vic;
S0-90S. «4c: 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100-120s, l^c; rubles.
Me premium; Sonomas, He and San Joaqulns
%c less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5(g:7c for Royals and 8%jJ
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©3^4c;
Bun-dried, l%®2*e; Peaches, 3®3V4c for stand
ard. 4g4^c for choice and 506c for fancy;
Pears. 2@"e: Plums, pitted. 495c. unpltted. i@
lttc: Nectarines. 6©5%e for red and £%®6c for
white.
With the exception of the' steady Improve
ment in Prunes, which still continues, there
le nothing new in fruits.' >
The Raisin Growers' Association has mads
a price of 3c for 3-crown loose .Muscatels for
Europe. The domestic price Is 6«4e.
Canners are reported bidding $25 for Apri
cots, $20 for Pears, 8c for black Cherries and
53 for Royal Annes. ,
Of the 7 cars of Oranges offered at the auc
tion 6 . were In good condition and the other two
were very badly decayed. Sales were at $1 05@
1 85 for fancy Navels, $1@X 60 for choice do,
4r.<g90c for standard do and $1 30 for Lemons.
Stocks of Oranges, are . moderate and good
fruit is : firm. .Lemons and Limes are- also
firm. Bananas are quoted a little better. In
cplte of the receipts of 9 cars at the close
of the week, as supplies are not excessive.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
• APPLES— 60@75c per box for common. 90c@
{1 60 for cood to choice and f 1 76^2 for fancy.
PKA.lS — i&cSttl 60 per box and nominal. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel' Oranges In good
condition, Jl@2; Seedlings,: 60c®$l: Tangerines,
2. r .r<g$l 25: Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 60; Lem
ons, $1@1 50 for common, and $1 75@2 SO for
Kcod to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican,
Limes, $S; California Limes, nominal; Ba
runas. Jl@2 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery— Extras, 17c; . firsts, :15c; seconds,
14c. ¦ • ... .'--.-Ji-r-
Dairy— Extras, 15c: firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras. : firsts. :
seconds, ; dairy extras. . .
Pickle. per pound. ."
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice.
8c; common, nominal: Young Americas. 9Hc;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16Uc per lb.
EGGS— ¦' ¦ : ¦
California Ranch— Selected White, 12^c; mix
ed colors. ll%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, lHie; standard,
lie; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. ;
seconds, — • , • .
Storage— California fancy, — : standard. — ;
Eastern fancy, ; ¦ standard, ; seconds.
There was no variation In quotations on the
Dairy Exchange. All grades of Butter were
quoted weak and Cheese was also quoted more
or" less depressed. Eggs were steady under
the. conditions which have ruled for. a week.
¦ Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 52,400 pounds of Butter, 1609 cases Eggs.
17,425 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
for old Roosters, $i 50® 7 for young Rooster*. $6
for Fryers, . 11 60 for Pigeons. $5 for old Ducks.
Jl 75 for Geese and 12@14c> for. Live, Turkeys.
.Game was dull and featureless. "-V > .
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, lJ©llc for Gob
blers and 12@13o for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12H@Hc; Geese, per pair, $1 5002; Goslings,
$2 SOS'S; Ducks, M@5 for old and $6@7- for
young; Hens. $4«?6; Young Roosters. J6@7;
old Roosters. t*&* 50; I Fryers. ! »5 50®6:' Broil
ers. $4 50@5 for large and . »3®4- for small;
Pigeon?. $150 per dozen for^old and f 2 50@3
for Squabs. :. r ' ¦ . . _
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White- Geese, $1@
125: Brant. $160 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. *3@4 EO; English - Snipe.- $3: -Jack
Snipe, Jl 50; Hare, *1@1 25: Rabbits. Jl@l 2->
for Cottontail and 75c for Brush.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MARCH 12, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
PEA
8
c
2«
t | This
irs; Season.
Last
Season
K
....... I
pO
.S4
W
.10
.?,4
.04
.:.s
.44
.a
1 40.75
I 22.84
14.58
is.:*
10.23
5.70
27.62
14.05
I s.ei
j
4J.S5
18. CS
15.44
K. o:
7.04
2.17
14.70
S.56
3.13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 15. 4 p. m.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 18, 2 p. m.
£S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia — : -
..; Wednesday. March 27. 9 p. m.
4. D. SPHECKEIS & BROS. CO., E tneral Agents. 377 ilarkit St
Sen'l Passer Offo, 643 Mirtat St., to la. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA -|r.:R.S5E
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. *1<>5: Steerage.
5. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. ¦ — — sails Tuesday, April 10.
Frcm wharf, foot of Lombard st.. at 2 p. m.
Frelffht and paesen«er office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONXOR. Pacific Ccagt Agent, t
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FCB u. S. NAVY YARD AHDVALLEJO.
Sten*— «?r "•*ont!cc'lo."'
MON.. Tees., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-«
a. m., 3:13, 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. ami S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing: and office. Mi»eion-street Dock
Pier No. 2.- Telephone Main 130S.
OCEAN TRAVEL*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Eteamers leare- Broadway
<Bk; wharf. San Francisco:
g^tt. For Alaskan Ports-^11 a, in.,
t&Sglk llarch 7, 12. 17, 22. 27, April 1.
ntlFwSrtj^L Change to company's steamen
MSa^iiW^m^ For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
fi^»*^ai c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
f. Tacoma, Everett. Anacort**
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
• 11 a. m., March 7. 12. 17. 23. 17.
April 1. and every fifth, day thereafter. Chantc*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — > p. m.. March
». 14. 19. 24. 29. April 3. and every &ftn day
thereafter.
For Fan Dleco, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lot An-
gele«>— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
et earner Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Fanta Crux. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucas, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Aneeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a, m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Met.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserve! tha right to ehanra
1 steamers, sailing dates and hour* ai sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— t New Montgomery
street (Palae« Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
CISPATOC FAST STEAMERS TO
. From Spear-street Wnarf at 11 a. rn.
fl DC SI2 First Class Including Berth
r.MnC SS Second Clas* and Meals.
COLUMBIA falls Mar. 14. 24. Apr. t
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 13. », Apr. t
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
- • E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
. Rf T0SK. 80UTHAEPT0S. L05D05. PA21X .
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. ra.
New York.. Mar. 2n|New York April 19
Vaderland ......Mar. 27 VaderUnd April IT
St. Louis April Z'St. Louis April :«
RED STAR LINE;
N*w York and Antwara.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington Mar. 2C|?outhwark April 11
Noordland Mar. ?7|WesternIand ...April 17
Friesland April 3iKens!ngton ....April 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION ' CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First «nd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe UIloso). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlns «t Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
6S. AMERICA MARC... Friday. March 13. 190t
PS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday. April ». 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May S. 190t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofHce.
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
rACIFIC STEAK MAVI0ATI0N CO. AND
C05IPANIA SDD AMERICANA DE TAP0^9
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA March ». 1901
SS. TUCAPEL March 20. 1301
8S. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
E3. LIMARI April 17. 1901
At 13 m. from Section I. Seawall.
These, steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco cr Panama). Frelsht
and passenger office 318 Cnlifcmln street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln- e crew Exoress Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHEnEOURG-HAMDUTNV
r>utsch!and ...April 1«|F. Bismarck. ..-..May J
Columbia May 5lDeutschtand May II
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
• PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Walders»e ....March ISi Pennsylvania .March 30
•Batavla ......March 22 Pretoria April 13
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJamburs---»rnerlcar>-Llne. 37 B" way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. Genera! Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street.
l«,a?A9Nl£ 6ESERAL? TRAIISAVLAimQCi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j*^r^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead or rfj;«Tk
Saturday, at I 1 ) a. m.. from Pier 42.
North Hlver. foot of Morton street. First-claw
to Havre. tJi and- upward. Second class to
Havre. $45 and upward. OENEKAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 3>
Broad-ray (Hud«oii|tul!illns), New York J
F. FUOAZI & COt. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
| Mon:xnc»>ry avenue. Kan Francisco. Tlck'eu
sold fcy all Railroad Ticket Asents.
AUCTION SALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
617 MARKET ST.. opposite Battery.
thiITday.
TLESDAT. at 10 o'clock a. m.. March 12. 1901.
At salesrooms, sn Market St.
$25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS, ETC,
er?' Or . der of neadiuarters the following G«r.
ernment Property direct from the Presidio:
»x» Tents; 2ooo Duck Wajron Covers. Flys etc. :
60 sets Double and Sln K !e Harness ami Leads:
t«mp Tool.i: S Government Mules; 3 Army
»> a irons, etc
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
!„ °. TE "~ An th1s t?n ta«e " nearly new har-
insr been used tut a short time on the military
res-rvatjon of San Francisco. Goods win b«
x?» k^MST wlth catal ««u« on sale. Friday.
i»iarcn 8, ; 1 .wjl.
C. E. DAVIS. Auctioneer.Sued for Divorce.
OAKLAND. March 11 —Rosa M«n<11«?r
has begun eult for divorce from Frederick
Mandler on the ground of failure to pro
vide. '• •
New Library.
McKINXEY MAY OFFICIATE.
Will Be Asked to Dedicate San Jose's
SAM JOSE. Marcl 11.— It Is probable
that President McKInlcy will lay the cor
nerstone of the Andrew Carnegie free
public library in San Jose. The news of
the iron king's plft of $50,000 to this city
and of the chief extcutive's final deter
mination to make San Jose a day's visit
on his Western trip was received almost
simultaneously and the people of the city
are exultant at the honors granted them.
The suKBe.stlon that the cornerstone of
the library building should be laid by the
President has been taken up by the Rose
Carnival executive committee and every
effort will be made to carry it out.
The plans for the library building have
already been drawn, a competition of the
architects of this cllv and some from San
Francisco having been held and the draw-
Ings of Y. 1), Hensill piven preference by
a committee composed of the librarians
of Stanford and Berkeley. A number of
prominent local men including Mayor C.
J. Martin and O. A. Hale, went to Sacra
mento this mornlnp to urge the immediate
passage of a bill setting aside a portion
of Normal Square for the use of the
library. If this l,c promptly done the
work of excavation may commence at
once and it will be easily ready for the
layinK of the cornerstone by the time of
the President's visit
One of the principal Fportlng features
proposed for the carnival is a great meet
of automobiles an<1 -bicycles. The two
automobile dribs or San Francisco will be
invited to participate in the parade and
in races afterward. The Garden City
Wheelmen have planned to give races at
their park and as soon as Floyd McFar
iand ar.lvcs from Los Angeles with his
bunch of swift riders definite arrange
ments will be completed. The two affairs
—the automobile and bicycle races— may
be combined and > large purses hung up
for the contestants.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 11.— A committee com
posed of Alfred Holman, J. It. Welch and
O. A. Hale came up from San Jose last
evening with a .bill, to allow the trustees
of the San Jose State- Normal- School • to
Bet a&ide. a lot of an acre and a half of
the school grounds to be used as a site
for tl'fe library which Andrew Carnegie
has promised the city "of San Jose. This
mornlnp the bill was introduced In the'
Senate by Onoal. It will go to print and
then will be put. through both houses on
urgency resolutions. Carnegie has prom
ised to build a library to cost $50,000.
Admits He Shot Himself.
VALLEJO. March 11.— Miles Sears, act
ing boatswain, who was. found wandering
the streets last week with. a bullet wound
In his left breast, to-day published a
statement exonerating his mother-in-law
from all connection with the affair. He
says that he shot himself. ¦ and 'that his
first statement that he had been shot by
her wag untrue.
MOB AT A PRIZEFIGHT.
Angry Spectators Witness a Pugil-
istic Fiasco at Newcastle
on-Tyne.
Two Colored Persons Die in the Street
NEWCASTLE-ON-TYN'E, March 11,—
Sammy Kelly, the New York feather
weight, met Will Curley of England in
a twenty-round bout In this city this
evening for a purse of £200 and a side
wager of the same amount. Both men
were very. fit. Curley, who Is taller, and
longer In reach than " Kelly, forced the
work in a quiet first round. After this
both fought foully. Kelly, hopelessly
beaten, went down three times without a
blow In the seventh round. . He was dis
qualified and the. fight awarded to Cur
ley. '-.--?•:.:• . - .-
The fight was a complete fiasco, Kelly
constantly clinching and Curley hitting
low. At one point the police threatened
to interfere. The ring was surrounded
by n.n angry. howllnK mob. In the fifth
round all bets were declared off.
PLAGUE IS SPREADING
THROUGHOUT CAPE TOWN
and tho Prosperous Classes
Are Endangered. •
CAPE TOWN, March 11.— The bubonic
plague Is developing seriously In Cape
Town. Fifteen new cases were reported
to-day, and ninety-seven other persons
were isolated because of having come into
contact with victims of the disease.
To-day two colored' persons who had
been attacked by the plague died In the
streets of Cape Town. A European died
while being removed to the hospital. The
malady Is reaching the most prosperous
classes, and it has been necessary to re
move to the- hospital the entire family of
one srentleman. The Malay. priests are tak
ing the side of the authorities, and it 'Is
now hoped that religious trouble will be
nverted. The removal of several thousand
Kaffirs from the city to the Kaffir location
will b&erln to-morrow. ' • ¦¦¦-,¦-
Good Scores of Pedestrians.
PHILADELPHIA; March fi.— Most of
the contestants In the six day go-as-you
please walking match, which was begun
at 12:30 o'clock this morning, wero In
pood condition at midnight and much
ground had been • covered. At 11 o'clock
the score of the first five was as follows:
Hegelman. 114 miles 11 laps; Hart.. 117
miles; Gllck, 111 miles 3 laps; Howarth,
110 miles 2 laps; Dean, 110 miles. -
Freedom for Mrs. Nation.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 11.— Mrs. No
tion has «sain elven bond and was re
leased from Jail to-day. Her sureties or*
C H. Moore and J. B. Elroy. Moore 1»
her brother. Mrs. Nation says she will
make her homo In Topeka In the future.
received to-day from Chihuahua. Mex..
says the cocking main now point: on be
tween representatives of this city and
Guanacevl Is very exciting. There 19 a
series of forty-one fights at $200 each.
The side winning: the greatest number ofi
flgrhts is to receive $3000 bonus. There
were three grand fights at $5000 a side.
Up to date Salas Losoys of Guanacevt
has won fourteen of the common fights
and Pedro R. Prietos of Chihuahua has
won ten. Of the three $.VX>0 fights. Chi
huahua won two and Guanacevl one.
Seventeen flghts are to be held. On tho
first day $100,000 changed hands on tha
results of the contests.
Mrs. Silva Goes Free.
BAKERSFIELD. March 11.— Mrs. Marl
ana Sllva. who killed her son-in-law. Man
uel Ollveros. last week, was discharged by
Jndpe Millard to-day, the evidence belns
of such a nature as to make conviction In
the Superior Court Improbable.
Exciting Sport in Mexico, Where a
Fortune Changed Sands on
th,e First Day.
EL PASO. Tex.. Mqjxh 11.— A dispatch
THOUSANDS OF DOIXARS
BET ON" COCKING MAIIT
OAKLAND. March 11.— The battle be
tween H. Harmon and residents of Allen
dale who oppose his attempt to secure a
paloon license has been reopened by thn
saloon man, who to-day filed a new appli
cation with the Board of Supervisors.
The original application was^withdrawn.
The second one contains the signatures
of Richard K. Harmon, Leo L. Calntsk.
Fred C Schnarr. Ella Orant, D. Smith.
Albert Blom and Georsre Fink.
Renews right for a Saloon.
Loyalty to His Employer.
That young man who commented to have a
portion of his Mood let out to *ave his em
ployer ret a remarkable example of heroism.
Th» Incident shows trhat power there ' Is In
rood blood. There la only one natural way t<»
Ret tood blood, ami that In from th* stomaen.
If the stomach ne»i!» assistance try Host*tter"s
Stomach Fitters. This wondTful medicine cures
tiyrpepxta. Indlscittlon. constipation, and makes
ric IV red blood.
SANTA ROSA, March 11.—Jadge^Bu"
nett to-day granted a new. trial to £: Kins
Thompson, eonvicted last week, of break-
Ing Into a safe In the Pioneer laumlir and
stealing JSO. the property of ayoung lac'v
employe. The grounds upon which a new
trial :was asked ' for were prejudicial re
marks and conduct of the District ..-ttor
ney during the progress of. the case. '
N"e-w Trial for Thompson.
There are six species of mosquito found
in New England.
Chances of the Leaguers.
This gives the League four votes for
• — *j
was leading McMenomy by 14 votes. Thi:
has changed half a dozen times durlnj
the evening as new precincts came h
and Is not yet complete.
The Municipal League has undoubtedly
elected Cuvelller. Dornin and either
Burtchaell or Daly from the nominees at
large, Smllie from the Fifth Ward and
Wallace from the Seventh.
good people of Oakland went to vote,
there was no trouble at the polls, and only
one arrest was recorded during the day
that was directly traceable to the elec
tion.
The man who felt the heavy hand of the
law was Bert Swan, former Deputy Coun
ty Clerk, and now County Gardener. He
was doing a little politics in the western
end of the city and ran against Policeman
Gardiner. The policeman had been or
dered to keep active politicians beyond the
red flags that marked the 100-foot line
about the polling places. Bert Swan would
not yield obedience to the mandate of the
policeman and there was a little mix-up
that resulted in Swan being- sent to the
City Prison with a charge of resisting an
officer placed against his name. It took
him but a very few moments to get out of
jail, his friends contributing the $30 that
was required, and he was at once released.
Swan has been very active in this fight
and was one of the leaders of what Is
known as the "Pondinky Club," that held
several smokers and gatherings, accom
panied by more or less noise. " They have
been most energetic In this campaign In
Complete returns from tha Fourth Ward
show: Councilman— Boyer . (R.) 658; Meese,
(League), 623. School Director— Gray (R.), 637:
McLeod, 612.
Sixth Ward (complete) shows:' .Council man—
Schaffer (R.), 844; Cregan (D.). 3GS; Ledgett
(League), 193. School Director— Robertson (R.)
606; Menges (League), 347; Pelton, 243.
2 a. m.— Returns from forty-four com
plete out • of fifty give Barstow
274o. Manuel 2693. Davie 2196, English 887;
Barstow s plurality, 52.
C. A. Bon Is undoubtedly elected to the
Council, making five Republican members
elected, with the First Ward in doubt
ONLY ONE ARREST MADE.
Bert Swan and Policeman Gardiner
Have a "Mix-Up."
OAKLAND. March 11.— The Oakland
politicians all took long breaths last night
and said that on the morrow; would oc
cxir the hardest fought political battle in
the history of the city. Tet when the mor
row dawned, bright and clear, and the
First Ward— Ruch. 355; McMenomy, 353. *
Second Ward— Wi«on, 331; Pratt, 292; Little,
18S.
Third Ward— Fitzgerald. 444; Galloway, 435.
Fourth Ward— Boyer, 622; Meese. 6S3.
Fifth Ward— Smllie. 174; Cadman, 418.
Sixth Wani-Schafrer. £34; Cregan, 360; Led
cett, 1S4.
Seventh Ward— Wallace. 639; Gray, 379.
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
At large— Dr. Myra Knox (R.). 234S; Redinjr
ton (R.), 2086; Strite (R.). 2039: Evans (R.).
1S81: Russ (League). 1647: Wakefleld (League).
1599; Powell (L*atrue), 1618.
Wards: First, five precincts complete — Clift
(R.), 23C; Teasue (League), 224; Reboli (D.),
52: O'Connor, 27. and Curry. 10.
Second— No figure*.
Third (three precincts complete) — Randolph
(League), 247; SchlesiHKer (R). 152.
Fourth (seven complete precincts)— Gray (R),
523: McLeod (League). 383: Starr (Ind.), 18.
Fifth— Isaacs (R), 423; Miller (League). 414;
Bennet find.). 17.
¦ Sixth (complete)— Robertson (R), 606; Menge«
(League). 337; relton, 235; Richardson, 79; San
derson, 7. ....
Seventh (three complete precincts) — Wllcox
a^eague), 40; Cross (It), 14; Sheffield, g; Crow
hurst, 5.
SOME OF THE MEN WHO WERE CHOSEN FOR OFFICE AT THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION HELD IN OAKLAND
I?R0XGLY Y F0R N m1?'0R. CASES THECONTpSTS WERE CL0SER THAN EXPECTED, DAVIE RU^nS
the interests of the Municipal League
ticket, and some of the more earnest
members are inclined to. ascribe this ar
rest to politics. '
The election was very quiet,- and fell
nearly a thousand votes short of what
was expected. The total vote was 9705.
whereas it was thought that it would run
nearly 11,000. There was a big rush in the
morning while the commuter voters were
going to their trains, and there was the
usual rush in the afternoon when those
commuters who did not vote In the morn
ing were trying to get their ballots into
the boxes upon their? return.
The long breaths of the .nrght before
election Droved not to be warranted, for
aside from the arrest of Swan there was
nothing that partook of a criminal nature.
Very few were arrested for being drunk,
for the saloons generally closed. Every
body seemed good natured. and while they
were voting against each other with a
hearty earnestness it went no further than
the ballot box.
One of the remarkable features of the
day was the absence of candidates about
the polls. The Municipal League ordered
Its candidates to remain in their home pre
cincta, but this order was too strict to be
literally obeyed. W. A. ; Dow, candidate
for City Attorney; George W.-Dornin. B.
C. Cuvelller and C. H. Daly, all Municipal
League candidates at large for the Coun
cil, strayed off their reservations. Dornin
and Daly drove about town in one rig and
Cuvelller and Dow traveled together. Su
pervisor H. D: Rowe came down from the
Seventh "Ward to look about and see
how some of his friends on the Municipal
League ticket were running. -~
Anson Barstow, the Republican nomi
nee for Mayor, made, one trip about the
city, but did not put himself very much
in evidence. Walter G. Manuel, the Mu
nicipal League candidate for the same po
sition, remained in the Third Ward, hla
home. John L. Davle. the Independent
was through the Second Ward and tha
western end of the city all day. Warren
B. Kngllsh. the Democrat, remained in
the Fifth, his home ward.
David E. Bortree, the Democratic nomi
nee for Treasurer, who hoped to slip in
between C. B. Morgan, the Republican,
and Felton Taylor, the Municipal Leaguer
drove about the city alone. Felton, Tay
lor, his opponent, did the same, but Mor
gan remained at home.
George Gross and A.. H. Breed, opposi
tion candidates for Auditor, both come
from the Second Ward, and both remained
In their home wards to do each other
battle. - •
Neither Frederick C. Tumor nor M K
Miller, the two opposing: candidates for
City Engineer, was at all In evidence
Both are quiet men. unused to the noisy
plad-hand campaign, and both kept among
their friends and let the voters exercise
their own sweet wills.
JUDGE BUCK TESTIFIES
FOR SHERIFF MANSFIELD
San Mateo County Jurist Praises tha
Official Who Is Suing for
SAN JOSE. March ll.-Sherlff Mansfield
was on the witness stand during the fore
noon and part of the afternoon in his
$10,000 libel suit against D. E. O'Keefe of
tho Redwood City Times-Gazette. He
was examined along the lines of his tes
timony of Friday afternoon. MansHeltl
denied he had heard any public criticism
of himself or Judge Buck in reference to
the trial of Deslrelio for the murder, of
the Johnson boy. lu reference to an ed
itorial published in a San Francisco paper
criticizing the trial the witness gave it as
his opinion that w all the newspapers like
to stand In with one another, anyhow"
Mansfield said. that on the miming after
the murder he had gone to Colma and
from there to San Francisco, where he re
mained until after the .Goroner's Inquest.
The Sheriff claimed, he was not .pleased
with the actions of vhe District Attorney
of San Mateo County In -his method of
going about the prosecution ,of the mur
der case and for that reason held himsc.;
aloof. However, he thought he had done
his duty as Sheriff. '. • •'. ¦
¦ Judpe Buck of the Superior Court of
San Mateo County" followed the Sheriff
xm the stand. He denied the charpea
made In O'Keefe's paper that he had
failed to aid In tlw prosecution of"De
slrello. JudKe Buck expressed his adrnlr
atlon for Sheriff Mansfield. .He aatd that
official was just and upright, and for that
reason- he- had allowed him to summon
the juries to try l>ealrello. though the
defendant in the case was a friend of the
Sheriff and had been his deputy.
Judne Buck said the Deslrelio trial hid
been conducted with the utmost fairness.
On cross-examination he admitted that
the relations between himself and Editor
O'Keefe were not. pleasant and that ns
Judpe of the court he had refused to per
mit any leeral advertising to be done in
O'Ke.efe'8 paper.
O'Keefe was then called "to "the stand
He acknowledged, having- writt'ert the ar
ticle en;which, the action,.: was brought
This closed tbe case of the plaintiff., n
SAYS THE POLICE
IsIADE HTM A VICTIM
James Callahan, Accused of Cudahy
Kidnaping, Protests That He Is
Merely a Scapegoat.
OMAHA, March 11.— James Callahan
taiked freely to-day for the first time
about the Cudahy kidnaping-, and he ad
mitted that he knew Pat Crowe well, but
pays he does not know the Cudahys. Cal
lahnn denied being- with Pat Crowe when
h» bought the horse which neured in the
kidnaping from Danie! Harris.
"They arrested me booauee it had come
to a show-down, and the police had to
co something." said Caiiahan. "There had
been so much talk that they felt they
had to do something, and I happened to be
the vicrlm. Now they will go ahead and
try to put it on me ju*t to secure the re
ward, but If I am piven a chance to tret in
my testimony I will show that I am as
Innocent as any man living.
"Ap I have saiii beiore. th»- police <5o
rot war.t Crowe. Th#-y want Xo wait until
they have tried me. "hen If I am eonvict
r<1 they will Ktill let Pat Crowe alone.
However. I think that if I am acquitted
f>o-rre win come In, as he trWliave noth
ing: to fear." j
MACARTHT7R CONFIDENT
WAR IS NEAR AN END
Tilipino General Who Had Defended
an Important Locality Surren-
ders With Officers and Jisn.
WASHINGTON, March 1L— The follow
ing cablegram has just been received from
General MacArthur at Manila:
General Marion d« Dion, four officers and
fifty-seven men. uniformed and armed, sur
r^niereU at Nalc. This is regarded as
very important and indicating tha col
lap?e of the Insurrection. The territory had
l.«-n heretofore obstinately defended. The con-
C.t'.ons throughout the entire archlpeiaRO are
rerjr T.wure^rift. Captures and surrenders of
armr continue, 2MS men having been surren
dered and captured since January 1.
MacARTHUR.
2RITISH STEAMSHIP
RUNS ON THE SHORE
-'.'¦ sser.gers Remain on Board and the
Vessel Is Floated Early in
the Morning.
FOT-THAMPTON. March 12.— The Brit
ish steamer <£infaurs Castle, belonging to
ihe Castle Mall Packet Company of Lon
don, from Table Bay. Cape Colony, Feb
ruary 21. for Southampton, -with Cape
mails and pasR^njrerK went ashor* off The
N^erfies yesterday afternoon. Her posi
tion was not dangerous and the passen
prrs and mails remained on board.
The Kinfaurs Castle was floated at 2
o'clock this mornlnK. and she immediately
proceeded to Southampton.
SCARZD DEPOSITORS
CROWD AT A BANK
ARKANSAS CITY. Kans.. March 1L--
The report of the failure of the First Na
tional IBank of Nlles. Mich., caused much
excitement here to-oav. for C. A. John
son, the missing cashier of Niles, is presi
dent of the Farmers' National Bank of
this place. The fact became known Sun
day morning, and when the bank opened
this morning there was a run on the In
stitution.
Cashier A. II. Denton Hane provided
over $l?*>,000 In currency and met the ex
cited depositors coolly. The deoosits at
the time of the bark's last statement were
S222.W5, with over $107,000 cash on hand.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON'. March 11.— These post
masters have been commissioned: Wash
ington—Mittie Lamoreux. Sappho; John
T. Morrow, I^ake. The following were an
pointed to-day: California— E. T.. Hill Is.
Dagrgett, San Bernardino County, vice H.
II. Gregory, deceased: C. A, Yancy. Toll
Hous*>, Fresno County, vice G. P. Baly.
resigned. Orocron — F. G. Butler. Fort
Klamiilh, Klamalh Countv, vice W. T.
BWve, resigned.
Thr- frross receipts of the San Francisco
postoffice for February. 1S01. were $82,222.
;:n Increase of $8437 over February. 1900.
Th<> pension* issuer! to-day are: Cali
fnrnia—Original widows. Fannie A. Mor
rill. G«r*ervlllf>, XH. War with Spain, orig
inal—Harry W. Lnnphrr. Lordsburer. $5:
.Tohn T. Ffnr.ican. San Francisco. $6: Wil
liam I.. Wall. San Francisco. 58. Wash
ington, original— Chancellor Cutler. Ed
monds. f!2: increase. William T. Parker.
Ecattle. . War with Spain, original—
1 at — :as I?. Vounjr. Fremont, $30.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. March ll.-The following
marriape licenses were issued at the Coun
ty Olerk'K office to-day: William F. Fr.*st
of Oakland, aged 27. to marry Grace M.
Houton of Oakland, aged 20; William Wil
pon of Oakland, aged :>4. to marry Alice
K. Marvin of N*"W York. b*«h1 35; <3eor*re
Parkinson of Colma. cged 23, to marry
Maud Kelly of Snn Francisco, aged V);
Louis Delfino of San Francisco, aged 24.
to marry Florence Larnar of San Fran-
Hprn. ap»»<l 22: Tyoraine Nutnn of San
Krar.oIs«-». aped 22. to marrv Rvelyn Has
kell of San Francisco, aged 22.
OAKLAND. March 11 (midnight).—
The results of to-day's municipal
election in this city as shown by
the count up to this hour leave no
doubt that the Republicans will
control the patronage branch of the city
gcvernrmnt for the next two years-by the
certain election of James A. Johnson as
; City Attorney and Frederick Turner as
I City Engineer, they being- a majority of
| the Board of Works. On the other hand,
the Municipal League will control the
City Council, though extremely close con
1 tests in the First, Third and Fourth wards
make the extent of that control very
i iloubtful. Anson Barstow Is probably
\ elected Mayor, though at midnight the
i vote was close.
The unexpected run made by John L.
Davie cut more deeply into the vote of
F.arstow than into that of Manuel and
made the result somewhat uncertain dur
ing the evening.
If Barstow is elected, as the results at
this hour seem to indicate, it will give
complete control of the Board of Public
Works to the Republicans.
Control of Council Uncertain.
The control of the Council is none too
certain, and the Republicans are claim
ing that they have six votes, while the
Municipal League is not too sure of its
hold.
The only two men who seem to have
teen elected by no uncertain vote are B.
C Cuvelller, Counci' ; man-at-large on the
Municipal League ticket, and Louis Schaf
fer. Republican non:lnee in the Second
Ward. Cuvellier got the highest vote of
any Councilman-at-large and Schaffer
carried his ward by 476.
Some of the ward votes are very close
and the indications are that Charles A.
Bon, for Councilman at large on the Re
publican ticket, has beaten either Burt
chaell or Daly on the Municipal League
ticket. The Republicans, at midnight,
claim three members of the Council for
a certainty — Fitzgerald of the Third
Ward. Boyer of the Fourth, Schaffer
of the Sixth and Wixon, who was an In
dependent Republican, in the Second
Ward, and who will probably vote with
the Republicans In the legislative body
In addition the Republicans claim that
Bon will defeat either Burtchaell or Daly,
the three running very close. If Bon
wins it will give the Republicans five
votes and will leave the First Ward to
control.
1:30 a. m.— The contest in the First
Ward is very close and at 12:30 a. m.
Ruch, the Municipal League candidate,
certainty, with a chance for the First
Ward and a remote possibility of getting
their four men at large. The First Ward,
which is the newly annexed district, will
probably decide, the complexion of the
new Council, and at midnight the League
candidate was fourteen votes ahead.
At this hour complete returns from forty
out of fifty precincts in the city gave the
following results, showing Barstow is
being pressed very closely, but' probably
elected, Johnson for City Attorney and
Turner for City Engineer certainly elect
ed: also Taylor for Treasurer and Breed
for Auditor, while the City Council fight
if very close.
The figures are:
CITY « COUNCIL, AT LARGE.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Mayor— Barstow, 24S3; Manuel. 2382. Davle.
2067; English. 832; London, 181; Shockley. 43.
Barstow's plurality. 101.
City Attorney— Dow, 3214; Johnson, 4164.
Johnson's majority, 950.
City Engrineer-Mlller. 2813; Turner, 4141:
Fontaine. 4S4. Turner's plurality. 1J28.
Auditor— Hreed, 3860; Gross, 8265. Breed'*
majority, MS."
Treasurer-Taylor. 2890; Morgan, 2369; Bor
tree, 1933. Taylor's plurality.- Ml.
Cuvellier, 3059; nornln, 2923; Burtchaell, 2651;
Daly. 2602; Bon, 2908; Allen, 257S; Uttle. 2519:
Gaylord. 2«8.
Charles Kennedy.
CHICAGO, March 11.— Charles Kennedy,
assistant general passer.ger agent of ths
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway,
is dead at St. Luke's Hospital In this city.
He wa3 one of the best-known passensrar
men in this country, having served tha
Rock Island road In official capacities at
different points from the Atlantic to the
Pacific for a number of years. He wa<J
unmarried and In his fifty-second year.
Gilbert Wilkes..
DENVER, March 11.— Gilbert "WUkes. 3S
years of age, president of Gilbert Wllkes
& Co., electrical and mechanical engineers
and contractors, with offices In Denver
and I>etroit. died at his home in this city
last night from a hemorrhage of tho
lungs. Mr. Wllkes was formerly In tha
United States Xavy. He began as ensign
and continued eleven years in the service.
He was commander of the Detroit Kaval
Reserves and lieutenant commander of the
Yosemite during the Spanish-American
war. He leaves a wife, the daughter of
Colonel Charles Denbv. formerly United
States Minister to China, and two sons.
His parents live in Salt Lake.
JERSEY CITT. N. J.. March 11- Ta
chancery chambers to-day Vice Chancel
lor Stevens denied the application to mako
permanent the Injunction restraining the
stockholders of the American Smelting
and Refining 1 Company from increasing
the capital stock of that company from
$65,000,000 to 5100.000,000, and also restraining
the directors from purchasing the plant
of M. Guggenheim Sons 1n Mexico.
The Chancellor In his opinion said th<i
courts could act only wnere there was a
question of fraud. It did not come within
the Jurisdiction of the court, the Chan
cellor said, to question the wisdom of thai
directors' actions.
The Vice Chancellor read the decision.
The main point discussed by him. waa
whether the Guggenheim property wa»
worth the price it was proposed to pay
for It. The Vice Chancellor concluded tnat
nothing had been shown, that would war
rant the issue of a permament- Injunc
tion restraining the American Smelting
and Refining Company from purchasing
the property. He said the petitioners. In
putting a value on the Guggenheim in
terests, had failed to take Into considera
tion the gooii will ana business of the
firm. He could not «»ee that the director*
of the American Company had disregard
ed the law In any manner.
The action was brought by the> holders
of over 27.000 shares of stock. The peti
tioners were "William M. Donald. Steven
V. White. Abraham Sartorius and Herrv
A. Seamans of N'ew York and John W.
Gordon and "William B. Curtlss of South
Orange. The price which It was proposed
to pay for the Guggenheim Interests wa3
$47,000,000. while the petitioners claimed
that those Interests were worth, not more
than $22,000,000.
Richard V. LJndabury. for the petition
ers, announced that the case would be
taken to the Court of Errors and Ap
peals.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Elijah Kellog? Long.
HARPS'SVELL, Me., March 11.— Rev. Eli
jah Kellogg, long known to the world of
books as a writer for boys, is dying at his
home here. •
Leonard Chenery, TJ. S. N.
NEW YORK. March 11. — Lieutenant
Commander Leonard. Chenery, U. S. N..
retired, died to-day, aged 65 years. H»
was educated in California and the United
States naval academy at Annapolis.
Kufus Cummins Garland.
DEXISON. Texas, March 11.— Rufus
Cummins Garland, son of the late Attor
ney General A. H. Garland, and a com
poser of sacred music, is dead at Fort
worth. At the time of his death he was
engaged in the legal department of tho
Dawes Commission to the five civilized
tribes. Mr.' Garland's sacred music has
attracted wide attention.
Vice Chancellor in Jersey City Ben
ders a Decision in Case Involv
ing Sale of Guggenheim
Properties. %,,]
American Smelting and Re
fining Company A chieves
a Victory.
VAST INTERESTS
MAY BE BOUGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 11.— Captain Tuttle of
the United Staus revenue cutter Bear is
authority for the statement that the loca
tion of a fabulously rich gold mine. 120
niles from Xorae, which was foimd fifty
years apo by two whaler* and later lost,
baa been rediscovered.
It was only the dyinpr statement of one
of the men that received any credence. A
half-century elapsed before any one even
took this t-tory seriously enough to even
ittterr.pt to verify it.
This* atiornrit was made last summer
durlus: the Nome rush, through an expedi
tion sent out by Sol Simpson and Captain
Tuttle. W. E. Hartley and Richard P
Turkman of this city led the party. They
not only found the gold mine discovered
live decades* apo but verified everv state
ment of the original discoverers as to its
richness.
Jt was a letter addressed to Captain
1 uttle in April. 1300. by J. F. Dickey a
;.iime*>r of California, that led to the at
tempt to rediscover the gold mine found
by the two whalers. . It part the letter
reads:
As tho great rush now wems to b* toward
the AlH*kan gold fields. It brings to ray mind
a st»ry of nn oM Arctic whaler. Captain De
JV.se by name, told to me about twenty-flve
vrpre aco. The letter said that years prior to
that date he was up in the- Arctic: that it was
late in the eeason — September — and that they
were working their way out. They anchored
«ne day near the Ameriran thorn Two of the
F;ulors look a boat and went ashore, where
they discovered nuppets of r»!d lyinj? loose on
the jrroumi. Ttiey -went to filling- their pockets
¦w-uh them, but had t*-en so encace'l but a
few rrr.nuies when the captain of the ehiu
fcailfd them and told them to cocie aboard.
The oartaln saw what the men had. but
he coul-5 take no chanres In the pack Ice that
was cnmiiiK In. He had to weigh anchor and
pot oft to prevent being raupht in the Arctic
for the winter. Taptain De Hnise always paid
that he wanted to to back; that he thieved
he could load a ship with gold from that
b^ach. It va* so plentiful. He tried to pet
fhlpowners In San Francisco Interested enough
In the matter to fit him out with a vessel.
but they wr.uld not take any stock In an old
pallor's yarn and he had no mon?y of his own.
< "onsequently he had to aba-ndon the project.
He was finally taken ill. and came to San
IMegn for his health, but died here at the Bay
View Hotel. I pat up with him a couple of
niffhts Marine his sickness, when he told m«
of bis adventures.
If rr.y recollection serves me rirht Captain
T>e Boise said they found this goli about 100
miles n-rtiJ of the Strait*.
XLediscover a Rich Deposit of Yellow
Metal of Which a Dying Man
Had Told Fifty Years
Gold Seekers Verify an Old
Whaler's Story of
Wealth. \
FIND LOST MINE
IN THE ARCTIC
FORGER BIRD TRIES TO
END LIFE IN PRISON
Swallows a Dose of Poison and Is
With Difficulty Saved From
I>eath.
LOS ANGELES, March 11.— R. A. Bird,
a prisoner at the County Jail, attempted
to commit suicide to-day by taking poison.
Bird has been serving as bookkeeper of
the prison. The Jailer. Instructed him to
prepare a solution of carbolic acid for dis
infecting purposes. Bird went to the drug
room, compounded the mixture and then,
taking a bottle of chloral from, a high
shelf, ho swallowed about four ounces
of the poison. He returned to his cell and
lay down to his last sleep, but the jailer
happened to enter and noticed his ghastly
pallor. After three hours' work by physi
cians he was restored. When. his recov
ery was assured. Bird said:
"This is a poor return for., all your
courtesy. I am sorry that I have caused
you all this trouble, but it was the im
pulse, of a moment. The delay in the de
cision of my appeal to the Supreme Court
has worried me. I have been-, brooding
over my misfortunes. I. feared that" my
mind would give way."
Bird was the private secretary and con
fidential friend of Griffith J. Griffith, the
capitalist. He was 'charged with having
forgfd his employer's name to a check
for $200. The trial was one of the most
fiercely contested ever held In Southern
California. It is estimated that the cost
to ¦ the county ¦ of prosecuting Bird would
amount altogether to about $30,000. Con
viction* followed the first trial and Bird
was sentenced to ten years In San Quen
tln. %
Strike of Natural Gas.
ANGELS CAMP. March 11.— A flow of
natural gas was discovered at Central Hill
last week by. Harvey Spinolla. He was
Kinking a' shaft and had cut through a
layer of sand when he noticed a- peculiar
odor arising from the water. In the bot
tom of the shaft. On placing a candle
near the water the gas ignited. Spinolla
turned his discovery to good acount and
is now pursuing his search for gold by the
light of . natural gas, having dispensed
with the. use of candles. This discovery is
believed to bo an. Indication of oiL •
adelphla, praying that the protest be
given due. consideration.
The President gave, the committee near
ly an hour and listened with interest to
their statements. He said he did not feel
like exercising his authority for holding
an extra session of the House of Dele
gates, but would recommend that the ex
ecutive council use the utmost leniency in
enforcing the provisions of the tax law.
The members of the committee hope to
see the President again in the near future.
WASHINGTON, March ll.-The Presi
dent this morning granted a special audi
ence to Wenceslay Borda Jr. and Vlncente
Balbas, members of the- Porto Rican Com
mittee, which was appointed at a mass
meeting of the citizens of the island held
at San Juan on February 2 to protest
against the law enacted by the Legisla
ture known as the Hollander bill. Thli
measure provides for the raising of rev
enue by property and excise taxes.
- Tho Commissioners presented a formal
protest which enumerated a series of
eighteen objections to the law. It is con
tended that there exists to-day in Porto
Rico three taxes levied and collected for
the same purpose "from the impoverished
pockets of the people"— the new excise
taxes under the Hollander law, the old
insular and municipal taxes and the cus
toms duties under the Porto Rican civil
government act. - -
Under the bill $500,000 more will be col
lected Bcml-.innually, in advance, thereby,
the protest says, lessening the money in
circulation (of which there Is less than
$2,000,000) and producinp a state of impov
erishment and business stagnation. It is
asserted that the measure is both an in
come, and property. tax law; that two of
the principal industries of the Island (rum
and tobacco) are .taxed so heavily- that
their production under present circum
stances is practically prohibited; that the
only standard of valuation of property
will be- the personal opinion of. the as
cessors. •
¦ The people of ¦ Porto Rico; the protest
says, are ready and willing to meet all
taxes necessary for the maintenance of
orde.r. justice and good government. The
Commissioners ask the President that
Governor Allen be directed to calla spe
cial session of the Legislature to amend
the .law In. a manner which will relieve
the people of the burdens complained of,
and' that the Governor be directed to ex
ercise'care In the appointment of Asses
sors. The Commissioners also presented
a- petition of bankers, merchants and
other business men of New York and Phil-
Porto Rican Representatives
Hav« Conferencs With
Pre3id«nt.
WILLING TO PAY
ALL JUST TAXES
_TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH VI, 1901:
9
Republicans Will Control the Patronage Branch of City Gdverri=
ment by Election of Johnson and Turner, While the flunici=
pal League Will Have a flajority of the City Council.
BARSTOW PROBABLY ELECTED
OF OAKLAND, BUT BY SMALL MAJORITY
Libel.
Ago.
;ioo;ooo safe, satisfied
€ } 0 ¦¦-: CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.
[MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
* S \FE berauw their whee Is were fitted
I with the MORROW* COASTER BRAKE.
' The whr«>| In always under control.
I S \TI.-5FIHt>. N>rau.M the . JinUROW '
'COASTCR DRAKE dIJ Just what we,
i claimed Tor It:
, "RIDE FIFTY MILKS. HH PEDAL
i ONLY THIRTY-VIVE MILES."
L Have your new twentieth century Wcy- '
clfr fitted with ft r * or j^'-ii it on your old
\ wheel. Fits any bicycle, and la cuaran- '
teed to trive satisfaction. Booklet free. ,
| ECLIPSE MFG. CO.. Elmlra, New York.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1901.
10
CLAIRVOYANTS Continued.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
"reader, bom with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $l; palm, nnd clalr. sit. $1 SO.' 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
l.almiet. permanently located IMS -Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. ; m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1104 .Market St., r. 2S.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader.
sittings dally. 4<S^ Jessie st.. bet. Sth & 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth orjio pay; 25c.- 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 2iio up. B Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAMXG.
WHEN J'ou become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St. : tel. South 49.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth tt.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORTCS. bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blainn: palnleyy cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ciEO^"E^wTlcElXY ; TAgency— No charge un-
lers successful. Room 310. »27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3. sunny rooms; garden; cheap *o
small family. 1270 Folsom St.. near Ninth.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath. 670 Walnut
ave., bet. Octavia and Laguna sts. ¦
PERRY. 202. near Fourth— Cottage of 8 rooms:
rent $7. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; special class rates. 1019 Market.
DRESS skirts, $1 CO up; shirt waists, 75c up.
140 Tenth st. '
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
DENTISTS.
AT; the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SC3 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 to up- plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice l'.ours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIOHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge*
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest- and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted fr.r 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
f.Oc; plates, $5. full s«t: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set: extracting. £0c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Ml»slon Bt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L.WALSH. 815^4 Geary. nr.I.arkln-Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentiFt. third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
day». 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk et. -'
educational;
AYllE.S r lTu7ineM"coi li^eT 72T^Ia7keTsT.— bay
and evening; $S per m"iith; $30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete buslnpss pducation. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy. p«"nm«in»hip. etc.: positions si-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
WANTED— An offlce buy to work 2 hours dally
in exchange tuition. Ayres' BuMnens College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Bhcrthand. .typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportori.il phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
ruases, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mlnlns engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions: ne— 80-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCKl'M. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; leferencps. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BlTSINKrTS COLLEGE has poni-
tions gueranteed to tt by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st. ¦
ENGINEERING— Civil. »l»-c. mining, meeh., sur-
vey. asFay. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hah.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cl«co Business Collee^, 123C Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; 'short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand ami
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43,
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
FKKNCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
ofLangua{re*.Z2QPost:estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
KENT Law School. 'J23 Parrott . building; day
and night; prepares for Supreme Court. __
PROF MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, eramm.tr, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 me 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty: pimple method": successful. 3040 lfith.
ILLITSTRATIOV— PAP-TINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine «t.
EMPLOVMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at fhort
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Be»t
help furn.: domeptlc servants: work executed
. with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bu«ih 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cook«. waiters nnd house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese' help fur. 544 California: phone -James 2601.
JAPANESE central house-eleanlns & employ-
ment: nil kinds help. 104C Sutter: tel. East 203.
KELIATJLE Jap3nese-Ch!nese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
OHPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. BlarkC072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce —
Best help. 626 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.'
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlee—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 4?6.
EMPLOYMENT \VA XTED FEMALE.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by English woman In
any capacity; housekeeping, or would take
charge of child; excellent references; state
wages. Adtlrfas 7... Call offlce.
WANTED — Uy a reliable young woman, posi-
tion to do upstairs work; very. best of refer-
enefs. Call 2319',_ Larkln St., corner Filbert.
BY an experienced and artistic dressmaker,
work in wealthy families. 522 Van Ness ave.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; wages $25. ' SWA
Howard et. '
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
washing and housecleaning; $1 and car fare;
references. Box 2677. Call office.
DRESSMAKING of all kinds and old dresses
made over: done cheap. Apply 2C0 Harriet
St., on* Harrison.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing or
1 aeFlst with cleaning; $1 per day and car fare.
157 Fourth St., door to left.
POSITION' as fialesla.ly and fitter; best of ref-
erences; no objection country. Box 26C0, Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation with American
I family to do general housework. 1022 Florida.
WOMAN wishes place to do light housework.
190S Ellis St., near Scott, i
GOOD seamstress would like permanent place
In private family. Addresa 1331 Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements.
$1 £0 per day: references. Box 2C31, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted to do housework; good
plain cook. Box 2692. Call 'office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
houpecleanlng: $1 and carfare. 41- Minna st.
WOMAN wlnhes to do housework orhouseclean-
Ing; wages $1 10 a day. B50 Mission st. - .
WOMAN wishes gentleman's wn«h m» will go
,i «_. hif »h» day: U2S. MRS, J.. 2«ii Rltch.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALB.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
. references; wages 11 per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. 35 Fifth, r. 4. upstairs.
WORK wanted by good woman: cooking and
housework; would asd3t in. washing;, west-
ern Addition or across the bay
Call at 63 Natoma st.. near Second.
COOK wishes place In private family or will
take charge of residence for the 8ummer;_6
years In last place; references. Address Mlbb
COOK. 2200 Flllmore st.
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter on tailor and
evening suits wants engagements; $1 25 per
. day. 244 Taylor st. _________________
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class. goes
out by the day; can make a suit in. one day.
15S2 Polk st. , . . -
YOUNG girl wants general housework and
plain cooking. Call 1114 Steiner. from 12 to 3.
YOUNG woman wishes - work by the day;
wages $1 10. 8 Gough st.
RESPECTABLE lady wants work of any kind
by the day. 112 Miles ave.. Alden. Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation as general
housework. Call at 177 Perry st.
DRESSMAKER, good cut and fit. wants work
by the day; 75c. Address 30 Seventh st., store.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 6$
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bua
. and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A'BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and'
rubscriptlons has been established at 109«
Valencia 'st. .
g EMPLOYMENT WAXTED--OIALE.
STATIONARY engineer and machinist, strictly
pober and industrious, capable of making all
repairs". 20 years' experience, wants steady
position; city or country. f Address box
2098. Call offlce. >
SITUATION wanted by a sober and reliable
young man, 27. years of age (Norwegian), in
¦ an. institution or wholesale house; city or
-juntry: wages reasonable; references. Ad-
dress M. O. S-. Winchester House. Third st.
MAN and wife wish positions on country place;
man thoroughly experienced in farm work:
wife is a good cook.' Inquire Helvetia Hotel,
431 . Pine st.
PAINTER, paperhanger. and whitener, with
tools, wanla employment; no objection to the
country. Box 2G32, Call office.
GARDENER, practical, handy with tools; can
- run gasoline engine and steam pump; flrst-
class references. Address Gardener, Call.
RELIABLE wagonmaker wishes • position; six
years' experience; city or country: willing to
take any kind of work. Call or address JOHN
FRUJAK, 31 Minna bt.
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper or corr»-
spending clerk; years of experience. 106
Eleventh St.. box 19. .
CHIEF cook, reliable and competent, wants
position; hotel or restaurant: flrst-class city
references. Address Cook. 615 Larkln st.
A. GENOSES. S93 Market St.. room 9, wants
place as cook, or will care for sick man; ref.
BARKEEPER. 25. married, sober, reliable, de-
sires steady position. Address B. B.. 831 Har-
rison Bt.
RELIABLE young man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk in country grocery and pro-
vision -Ftore; Al references. Address box 2WS.
Call office.
CARRIAGE or wagon smith wishes position;
town or country. Address N. P. WINTER,
1020 Howard st. j
ENGINEER, hoisting, stationary engines: aa-
customed to do own firing. Room 134, Royal
House. 126 EUls st,.
RELIABLE and honest younp man with clean^
and noble habits desires situation. Box 2171,
Call office.
MACHINIST, lathe or. bench hand, wishes
v work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
Address box 2111. Call office. '
STRONG and willing young man of 22 to do
' porter work. Box 2639. Call offlce. «
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
FEATHER riLLO>VS.
HOTELS and private parties' wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTOTtY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 room*: rent $10. 10O2
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBPEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery et.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. $18. 1939 Mason st.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Flat of three rooms; sep-
arate entrance; rent $12 50. , '
TWO sunny modern flats. 5 rooms and bath
each. 967 and 973 Oolden Gate ave.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms; modern Improvements. '
Key m Halght eU ____________
3-ROOM flat: corner McAllister and Polk sts.
Inquire at butcher shop.
4 ELEGANT new sunny flats of 9 and 10 rooms.
S72 to 8S0 Eddv St., near Van Ness ave.
$43 — ELEGANT, new sunny flat. 8 rooms and
bath. 1445 O'Farrell St.. near Lnguna.
FLATS WAXTED.
FLAT or cottage, flve rooms or more and'bath:
north California, east First ave.: rent mod-
erate; no children. Box 2598. Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak S4S 50.~wlth~No! 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITURE WAXTED.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent. 13C5 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.— PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Three waitresses. Los Angeles. $23, free fare:
2 waitresses, short distance, $25; 2 waitresses,
commercial hotel, $22 50; waitress, south,
$22 DO, fare paid; 2 waitresses, Santa Monica,
$25, free fare: 15 waitresses, city: others, coun-
try hotels; cook, . country hotel, $30; cashier
and assist waiting, $S week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Three cooks, city, $30; 5 second girls, $20, $25;
young woman, care of boyj) years and assist
with sewing, $18; 25 houseglrls. city and coun-
try. $io. S3o.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for springs, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 -Geary st.
_
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
e waitresses, flrst-clasn city hotels, $20- l»
waitresses, country, $20 an. $22 SO; many
fores paid or advanced $20; 2 chambermaids,
$15 and (1$.
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook*, seeord girls and houseglrls. city and
country, places, at best wages. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO-.JS Ceary st.
2 EXPERIENCED agents (canvassers). $12 a
week. MRS. M. E. PAY,<fc CO.. 335 Geary.
6 WAITRESSES for large commercial hotel; ,
must be first class and have good uniforms
Address, stntlng previous experience, box
2C29. Call offlce. ' ;.=.-.'.; '.;,_¦
CASHIER for a restaurant; short-hours; must
be neat and ladylike In 'manner. Address
box 2675, Call offlce.
! GIRL: housework and plain cooking in small
family. 144V O'Farrell st. after 10 a. — «.
APPRENTICE on coats; wages paid while
learning. II. DAVIS, 119 Russ st.
WAIST hands and Improvers wanted at 1407
Laguna st. S
WAXTED-A young girl; general housework:
no cooking. 1831 Eddy st.
BOOK folders and sewers wanted; girls who
understand either feeding or paging. Call at
422 Sacramento st.
GERMAN girl for gennrafhousework; wages
$lo to .$18. 3S39 Twenty-fourth St., bakery.
YOUNG _ girl to assist In general housework;
i no cooking. 1308 Buchanan st.
NEAT .girl to assist with baby. 2520 Green
st.. between Srott and Devlsadero. • .
8 P_& sr'sL-e" maklns 8hlrt
W Gea TED r* GirI tO d0 llght housework. 2360
1 "
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; steady
.work.. Apply 925 Market st... room. 10. " LeaQy
| :T^5 r ea X a_ti rl _v l e°. *° . "'I" ¦.*>«?<*<>,_
MEpiCAL— Contlnned.' V
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, the wel£
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice-
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guarant«ed
at offlce: patlent3 treatad. can return same
day: thosp wishing to tr;»at themselves should
rend for the HINDOO HERB HOMETRE \T-
MENT;a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-
less: any on* can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. POPPER— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at ray office: for all
female complaints; beware of Imitations; can
b« gent; ST. years' experlrnce. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. TVYETII. reliable specialist; 23 yrs."
successful practlcn: guaranteed treatment at
office: any aliment: home for patients: con-
sult free. Hi Post st. bet. Hyle an.l Larlcta.
MISCELLAXEOIS FOR SALe!
EOILERS. engines. 2fl-han<l machinery. Mc-
? INTOSII & WOLPMAN. U>-137 Fremont st.
B\RS back bars, mirrors. !«h.-«wcagej>. counter?.
linoleum, new and second han<l: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st .
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A COMPLETE dental outfit, consisting of en-
gine, lathe, ncMs an-! lot Instruments, al
for $40: cannot be replaced for double that
price. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A BEAUTIFUL snake-shape ring, set with
three nice diamonds, for *5; original cost.
$C0. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers water r'.Z#a. shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
I"OR sr.le— Lumber and firewood. 7 mantelr.
stationary washstands. French ranges, bnth-
tutis. brick, etc. Monday morning, butter
and Gou_h sts.
' VALUABLE tide and marsh land records. An-
ply JAMES MASON, Notary Public. 423 Cal-
ifornia st. •'¦; ¦ ..
FOR SALE— Elegant bar an.1 fixtures; as good
as new: $10tt. J.-F. SCHOMER, Twenty-
fourth and Shot— ell.
FOR Sale— One SO-horsepower boiler. 2 drums,
Fulton mine hoist. For particulars address
J. PORRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal.
; TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
: out: different makes: rail early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 4C3 California.
_ —.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st.
A-10 AND 23 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. en_ln»:
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
$10 — NEW HOME sewing machine, tn good con-
dition. 1571 Market st.. near Twelfth.
FOR SALE— A fine talking parrott. Apply
1106 Harrison st.. near Seventh.
FOR sale — 2 barber chairs; 6 other chairs, etc
Apply 1301 Valencia st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. nil makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Monts'y.
Gasoline cr distillate engines, new and Irl-hand ;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 68 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines arrl
boilers bought and soil. KRCGH MFO. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and nlr m \.
chlnery bought and sold. White. 518 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE IIEP.-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post >t.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1O-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.\TS.
TILTON'S New Misfit Parlors — _nt» masquer-
ado clothing. 1^ Ninth st. : tel. Folsom 23*.
WANTED — To buy painters" falls. Apply 453
Octavla st.
OLD gold and silver and diamonds bought. 2C4
Kearny St.. room 413.
MATTRESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTREsTeS i and upholstery; tet. South 732:
to order or renovated. feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-32Q Eleventh st.
BII.XES AXD 3IIXIXG.
MINES bought and acid; also stock* In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John TUton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg; 10-12; 1-%.
MOSEY TO LOA5.
A^MONEY to loan at rates which pecrls can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; to
not borrow of your friends or you will Ins*
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Koo-> 18, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; first. 2<\ and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R.McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
, st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory b!dg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond",
watches. J?welry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for oM gold, silver, diamonds.
O^» fiimltu^fr. y> i <3t n -""i s \ no rpmovil i mon*y
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 83.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. S Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vided lnts. : estates. HARPER. 357 Parrott biff.
MONEY to loan by private party: any security;
reasonable Interest. Box 26C9. Call offlce.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$300,000 TO loan en real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 2C2 Sansome. r. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried peopl»on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!g.
MlTSICAl. INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can he ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'i with
ea?le?t payments. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grad»; from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and lo-ar
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tinn*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash ar.d
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
piancs at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak*
land.
OUR advice to-day Is short and to the point-
Buy now. Buy from u». Euy a DeckT A
Son If you can afford It. I* you cannot, then
buv a Packard. Baumeister. Smith & Barn?s
or a Wlllard piano. We sell on easy pay-
ments If you do not want to pay cash.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Maraet st.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrfll st.: pianes. oreans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done t* please and satisfy th*
customer.
A STORAGE auction pUno sale; 21 fine pianos.
Just removed from etc/rage room and placed
on sale: offer* wanteci to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
60 UPRIGHTS, all makes. S73 up; rented and
rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
THIS week only, we offer ten new pianos
(samples) at half price to closio them out.
THE J. DEWING CO.. 13 Flood building.
A FEW new pianos for $130: second
hand from CO. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'FarreM st. Checkering and Tone agency.
BEAUTIFUL new piano*. $133 up; rents and
easy payment.". KLARE, 2206 Fillmore st.
SMALL upright piano cheap. 113 Valley St..
between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth.
FINE rtandard upright piano, also parlor set:
sacrifice; leaving city. 321 Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL a*le of piano- thin week: St»lnway.
Knabe and others. IiKUENN. 20S Post st.
NEAT, small square. ii"> 11 Avery st. bet.
Geary and Post. Fillmore and Stetner.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones St.
CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos: send
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bid?.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardmnn. Con-
- over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must b» sold: nice upright piano..
SCHMITZ. Iff McAllister st.. next Hlb. Ban*.
A ITEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 116 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and SpeHman pianos. 3CS Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant nn-
risrhts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SXTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new h
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlacel
'. ? IELP WASTED— FEMALE^-Cob.
WANTED-Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice; good pay. 628 Stevenson st.
W Ke^rn E y^rt C p C n"r. flnUher ° n PantS - 1M
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker . and finisher
' on vests. 919U Howard st.
PANTS finishers and apprentices wanted; paid
while learning. 124 Turk st. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman; care of child and as-
elst light housework. Inquire 1016 Mason st.
GIRL for housework: 3 adults; $12. Call at
GIRL wanted for general housework and to
assist with plain cooking; $15; evenings free
1121 Steiner st. . -
LADY teacher of pantomime. HOOVER Uni-
versity of Physical Culture. Market and
Tenth st.
2 GIRLS wanted to wait at table. Call early.
2820 Baker St.. Presidio.
FINISHERS on pants: steady work. Ss8 How-
ard, bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court.
GOOD-PAYING halrdressing and manicuring
business; done at residences; established 6
years. Address M. A., box 2201, Call, Oakland.
GIRL or woman; housework and plain cook-
lng. .9 Glen Park ave.. off 12th. nr. Mission.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 431 Guerrero et. *
NURSEGIRL wartted. S30 Turk st.
WANTED— Experienced agent able ro handle
$10 proposition; no house to house canvassing,
L. 8. HIGLEY. Y. M. C. A.
GOOD operators on pants: must know how to
finish; good wages; steady work. 222)>a Mis-
sion st.
GIRL as cook with references, family of 3
and 3 children. Apply after 9, 2201 Brod-
erlck St., corner of Washington. •
RELIABLE girl for second work, family of. 3
and 3 children. Apply after 9, 2201 Broder-
lck St., . corner of Washington.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice girl to
work on fine coats. 334 Kearny st., room 9.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats; also
apprentices. £27 Market st^ room 623.
WANTED— Good waitress; also a good second
girl. Apply 20 Third st.
OPERATORS on custom coats; light work;
steady; high wages. 40 EUls St., room 52.
WANTED— Girl to help wait In restaurant.
515 Valencia st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; three
In family. 2403 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED operators on pants wanted
by S. N. WOOD _ CO. Apply at factory. 27
Geary st.
WANTED— Clever widow over 28; good man-
ager. Box 2193. Call offlce.
WANTED— Tailoress. 103 Fifth st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants; union
work. Address 206 Minna st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to worlc
ln factory. 723 Market st.. room 35. : :.-.-;:.
A GERMAN girl to wait on Invalid lady;
must be'good eewer. 2120 Jackson St.; call 9
and 11 a. m. or between C and 6 p. m.
WANTED— First-class watst. skirt and coat
hands. ¦ Apply at 1200 Geary St., after 7
o'clock r». m.
BUTTON-HOLE maker and finishers, appren-
tices on vests; paid while learning. 60J
Kearny tt , room 2.
HAND sewers wanted at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S factory. 32«£ Kremont St.; good wages.
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw.
GIRL for general housework: wages $20. 403
Fair Oaks St., cor. • Twenty-fifth. ¦
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Mar-
ket at. ¦
THREE experienced waitresses wanted at 1007
Market st.
OPERATOR on pants. 83 Third st.
LADY to solicit orders from gents; salary and
. commission. Address box 2665. Call office.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
OPERATORS shirts and overalls; Inexperienced
Instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. Ml Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 109S
Valencia St. - - - .. . . . W
HELP WAXTED — MA1,E.
AT C R. '. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary street.
Coal miners '. Coal mlnera
Whtte or colored Married or single
See superintendent here to-day
Good mines Best of wages
Last day Ship to-night
Kree fare Free fare
Free fare Railroad work Free fare
...I Ship dally
20 drillers and tunnelmen for the big tunnel.
ChatB.worth Park $2 to J2 50 a day
2 carpenters for house work and tunnel tim-
bering at the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park..
...$2 50 a day
Man and wife, private place. $30; blacksmith,
city, $2 50 a day; 2 woodchoppers, country ho-
tel, $35 and board; 6 milkers, $30 to $40; cheese-
maker and milker, see boss here; 6 farmers,
$26. ....
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Clerk, country hotel. $40; 5 waiters, flrst-class
restaurant. South, $11 week, fare paid; 6
French or Italian waiters, flrst-class restau-
rant, south, $50. free fare; 2 neat omni-
buses country hotel. $23. free fare; pantry-
man, country hotel. 530; 2 neat young men to
carry oft dishes, country hotel. $25; 2 flrst-
class waiters, city. $45 to $50; 6 cooks, hotels,
»35 to JJO. ,
Washer and starcher. country laundry. $4-i
and found: polisher, country laundry. $45 and ;
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. !
A— CHARLES STROM, the pantryman, please
call. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY— PHONE MAIN 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help of all kinds furnished
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection .to distance. Wo
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment
-,'- In 1897 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1S98 to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1S99 to upward of 21.0CO men.
In 19C0 to upward of 35,000 men.
. HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds
• Of places awaiting your selection.
COME READ our BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY, 634 T 638 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Blacksmith and shoe, country shop, $65; Ger-
man blacksmith fcr ranch. $40 and board:
German bartender and wait table, iZH and
found; milker,' Slsklyou, $30 and fare paid;
2 milkers, near city, $30 each; milker, Plumas
County. ?35; German laborer for ranch, $20;
gardener, country,* $23 and found; 4 farm
hands. $26; cook and second cook for boat.
$40 and $23; second cook, hotel, city. $35. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 gay st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third at., phone
Red 31 — 2 men to plow vineyard. $1 day and
board: short-order cook, young man, for lunch
counter, city. $1 day; quarrymen, $1 75 to $2
day; gang of men for mill and woods; men O
make redwood ties, posts and pickets; men to.
cut 4-foot redwood 75c, pine $1 25, oak $1 50 per
cord, tools and provisions advanced.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook; small fare; $40; near city.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 1581 .. I. LESS. Secretary.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the-
trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. V>'e have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
Bewaro of any cheap imitations. ¦ y-'y
WANTED-Baker to .drive wagon two hours
a day and help In bakery. JOHN BUSS.
Mill Valley. Cal.
WANTED— Bright, honest boy, about 15-17, liv-
ing with parents, to work a few hours a day
In cigar store. Address box 2630. Call offlce.
WANTED-^-Cake balcer, \»ages 410 and found.
2S08 Twenty-fourth st. .¦ , . " •
BARBERS— Good paying 2-chalr ehop for sale.
200 Powell at. : . v ¦
WANTED — Gordon press feeders. 622 Market
st.,; third floor. . -
GARDENER wanted for nursery; young man
willing to work. ' OEO. KARMAN. Elmhurst.
FOR sale — 3-chaIr barber -shop; " bathrooms;
near city. 130x2095, Call office.
YOUNG man to do repairing and assist In
cleaning. .1421 Point Lobos ave.
PRESS boy waited. ; Inquire 141-147 Fremont
: street. '¦¦!¦¦
BOY- wanted. Stalls 1 and 8, Union .Square
Market. ¦.•..' . .
i WANTED— Second conk. 604 Third St.
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continued.
SALOON for Nile; old established comer; good
location. Address box 2S33, Call office.
WANTED— rartner: paying candy store; lady
' or gent. Address Ml Folsom st.
FLANINGtMILL In this city for eale. <. F.
GEIER. Market and Dolore* ete.
SMALL restaurant for sale, cheap; doing *
• good business. 50G Howard st.. near First.
BARGAIN— Stock and fixtures of millinery
store at 23S Ninth; also household furniture
FOR sale — Candy store and Ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1C43 Market st.
BAKERY for rent: oven complete; good busl-
ness. 153i Shattuck ave.. North Berkeley.
GOOD payiVig. old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. I- COOPER. N«vada City, Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business offlce. "
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for fale. Apply
•t Call Business office.
FOR sale — A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week: no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
_1645. Call offlce.
J1500— PARTNER wanted: furniture, wall paper
business: country: fine chance. Box 2132, Call.
FOR Kale— A 3-chalr barber shop. Address II.
JACKPOX. Uklah. Cal.
JCO WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for eale.
I Apply buslners offlce.
; LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
i SEE OUR LIST OF £00 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sties and prices:
60 rooms, close In. elevator, "tc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 9M
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition — lftO
SO rooms, all conveniences, sel?ot. central. SCCO
11 rooms, only $2C0 cash, balance pay-
ments W0
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish tr.e money— you pay us you can.
j DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S:.O Market.
j SELECT your house from largest list In town.
i 7 rooms; well furnished; only $-00
' 9 rooms, fine location 425
I 14 rooms: elegant: must sell RfiO
I 29 r.. apartments absolutely new: cash 1000
j- 33. R2. 112 nnd 135 r. hous»«: velues excellent
| Huyer« from $W0 to $100,000 can be suited.
i We lend half purchase money at Iott est rates.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. SS8 Market St.
I MARION GRIFFIN has A Mg list. See It....
713 Market st.. nr. Call bldg.; tel. Black 1S03..
40 rooms, respectable, clears $145; rent $120...
nice location: terms Vt cash: big mortgage....
11 rooirs. new house; new h°avy carpets: fine
oak furniture: income $1CO SCOO
Houses of all sixes, kinds nnd prices.
Cltv hotels. $3000 up to ¦ $10.000
1C0 BARGAINS— All sizes, from 3 to «00 Rooms.
! Consisting in Hotels
I Rooming Houses
j Lodging Houres
Iloardtng Houses
Flats nnd Private Homes. Call— I Can Suit
for Cash Payments or Loan V"U' Money. H.
j C. DECKER. lMO Market St.. Phone Mint 793.
i FISHER & CO . W32 Market st.; telephone l.W.
! 4* rooms. N. of Market: only $1W>
! lfi rooms. Hyde: very finely furnished «00
I 23 rooms, rent $50; location desirable....... 9W
! If a bargain we bave them at any price
I north or south of Market st.
' LOnCSING-HOUPEP— Sizes end prices to suit
all buyers: titles guaranteed ; money loaned
1 buyers; before buying call.
G. W. PCHWEINHARP.
1 Phone Mint 1PU. 917 Market St.. h?t. *,th & f»th.
; CO ROOMP. nice corner, well furnished, cheap
I rent, half cash, bfllance at 1 per cent. $*V)0;
I 12 rooms, good location. $e.">0. half cash, bal-
; ance »t I per cent: money to loan Pt 1H- M.
I E. RIVES. 916 Market, r. €9. tel. Main 128.
CALL and see our 11st of bargains In houses:
I we have them In anv part of th* city and Pt
»nv rrtce. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. Zt
! Fixth rt.
BEFORE closing your bargain see our list of
payln? hnu«e* in pnv rart of ritv; money
loa'ned. POBLE & TURNER. I Eddy st.
$?0<)— BAY-WINDOW house. IS rooms, good fur.
nMure: always fu'.I; rent $S4: bargain. SI4
Fclsom st.
f$M— ?<; ROOMS: fine locution: well furnished;
a'.l rented: low rent. P-APILE. 3 Eddy St.
F^R sal" — 10-room house: n'r»lv furnished: al-
ways full. Inquire at 7P2 Ellis st.
L01>01NG-HOUSE of 10 rcoms for sale cheap.
44» Third ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. ARNDT. the rr^at clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures di.-»ps»s bv sympathy; never
foils: has. the "ven r. j!s. the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the vrorid: slio— 's picture of fu-
ture husband or wlf;; gives lucky numbers;
i advice In all speculation, love and legal af- j
I fairs: any one consulting the mndame will be
cravinrfd that she is r.r, sham: prices 25c and
I up: come and you will be surprised: gives
satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. 215ti 6th.
' ARRIVED— The celebrated srvpsy. Prince Les-
' ter whose f— »e tests, calllne your name. t*ie
! rn»me of t*i« one you love and the name of the
one you will marry, for a short time: the onlv
; medium In the world so sure of his occult
power that he will rive every person who
i comes prepared a wonderful free test. Call or
write with stamp* for answers. 13S2 Market
I St.. o'rr>osite Odd Fellows' Hall.
i AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
j wor'd-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
' all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
¦ unites the f""parat«»d: mining a specialty: clr-
: oles. Fun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
i Res'd. (no * iirr.s), U13 Eddy, bet. Hyde, Larkln.
1 MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium, has re-
¦ turned from the East nnd will be found at 1610
I c;»y st.: circles Sunday evening and Tues-
day afternoon.
A-MRfi. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life render, medical clairvoyant: slt-
tincs. $1. 11« O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. 303 Larkln; spiritual test
meet, this eve.. 8. 10c: «ep1»d questions; read.
j daily except Wed. and Sat.: hours 1 to 5.
! MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and heal«-r:
j readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mlnerM psyohometrlst. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241V4 Market si.
MP?. UARLAND'S circle to-nljrht: articles,
sealed letters read; 10c; sittings dally. 143 Cth.
MME.- YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
C&j McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
I W G KEEGAN holds spiritual meetlnr every
i night except Sat.: 10c. 148 Sixth s.t.. Jd floor.
MRS. LESTER— Readings 50o; circle ev«ry eve.
ex. Sat.. 10c.; devel. circle Tues e\e. 222 Turk.
MRS. GEBERHARDTS t«^ts to-nlpht ; 10c.
32."O Twenty-second; skeptics Invited.
I C. V. MILLER— Trumpet seance, 8 p. m.; &0c.
10M Bu?h st. ;
I MRS. • LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
an-1 Maanetlc Heal-r. Room 14. 303 Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings daily; tests to ell to-nlarht: lOo.
CLAIRVOYANTS.--
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The world's greatest living* palmist ar>d clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally en all affairs of
j life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.*
Professor Johns Is bpyond the shadow of n
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
j and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
j There Is no home so dreary or sad. no life
Kt> hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit ta this Inspired prophet of modern
j times: all long-etandlng end chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
•without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, \ settles lovers' quarrels, causes
rpeedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowj^djre: tell* If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no matter what your
trouble Is. lie ran ar.d will help you or
"charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: mediumlstlc per-
sons developed. 2C!J Kearny St., near Market.
lti-adlr.es by mall.
If you cannot call, write. Glre date of birth.
sta«e whether Mr. or Mrs. or MIsk; p.ek six
tiueslions: lr.clcse $!. 9 a. m. to R p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD^ ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, permsnent-
»y located 1" Third St.. nexi Examiner bldg.
Fbe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tlf . love or business troubles, consult this
great- media— i and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life: 55e up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trarJe
medium, is permanently located at 1205 Mar.
V.et st.. com -r Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
on<i Id; ta2;i» elevator. * Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed hy mall; send stamp for parr.-
phlct with gpedtll terms. Dally and Sunday.
I MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, r-arrt r«e.<J»r
I lest medium; ISc up. 472 Stevenson st-.oor.Cih.
MRS. MELVILL. — ell-known clairvoyant. wat«r
rrader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel Ho— Pr*l:S4«.
.MJjr.. ZEnni)A. th» -vp*y. I* the truest rnlm-
• i*t and c_rd reader. Tin. 7 c.v-vth *»
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets: open
until 1! o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery Ftreet.
crr.er Clay; cpen until J:«0 p. rn.
SM Have* street; open until 8:23 p. m.
€23 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
? IS I.nvkin tireet ; open until 8:30 p. m.
1?« Mirslcn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
:!«1 V.crkot street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
cm II 8 p. in
:r>6 nieventh street; open until Jp. B.
3036 Valencia etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrner Twenty-second ana Ken-
turky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. "£
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R, A. M.. ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX-jfm^
ING. March ::, a« 7:30 o'clock. It. A.
dc-gree. By rrder of the II. P. ' ~^ '
FRA NKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. _
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) __\_.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. T>. 1. BJ T_R
order of the W. M. /~r^
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL l>*l«e No. Kt. F. and A. ft
M.— FJrrt degree THIS (TUESDAY) __rV_
EVENING 7:?n r C '.o<-k. JCj\
A. S. HUr.BARD. Secretary. /^T >
IVANHOE Lodge No. .'. K. of P., 2£
will confer the Knight Rank «Lcng Tft,
Form). WEDNESDAY. March li. 2So&»
1»C1. et P>thian Ca«tle. 909>,i Market g^SPZ
«.. at 8:30 p. m. Members of. eUter lodges
cordially invited. F. E. SHARON, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. o? P.. and S.
TO the California Pio- _w^tS__a.a-'£3*!"m^.
neer?' Society: The new- i/J3"* 4 5P'^,> ijS^
1 aughters of Callfor-
r ... : v neers (inc.) will £-3\l?jf)uniX}
ir.g M < "tNL''AY, March
J£, Et 3 p. ra., at I'ioneer Hall. ,A11 raem-
brrs of the Society of California Pioneers
find thoir families" are cordially invited to
ntter.d. (Ccrds.of admission will be issued
to the families of ex-members and deceased
member* uprn application to the secretary.
MIPS DE FOREST, 3MW California st.)
MASTER Mariners" Benevolent Asso- -_-^_^
ciation— Ppeca! meeting will be held .?•
tt hall. 22" Tost St.. WEDNESDAY.' lV g__»
March 13. at : p. m. All members
ere requested to be present, for the purpose
of attending the f'ltiTal of 'our deceased
brother C. T. KNCTZKN. By order of the
Prefident. L. TRAUNG. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL Mooting— The annual meeting of the
rtockhr.lder>i of the Western Sugar Refining
I Company will be held at the office of the
co— ipanv. Z21 Market Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 25th day of March. 1901.
at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to' serve for
the enduing year and the transaction of
ruch other business ss may come before the
meeting. Transfer b*.ckf wil! close on Fri-
day. March IT.. 19C1. at ir. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEVTS WAVTED.
THE r.IO MICHOL m-BIJER COMPANY of
»>«n Francisco. Cal.. wants intelligent men tt
ect as its agents throughout the UnltM
Htstes; must be men of« character, address /«
push. The company owns large properties, it
o\;t of debt A. i r. ;: thoroughly Found & flour-
ishing condition. It has a considerable acre-
«$*¦ already planted to rubber & has a large
fcrce of men constantly at work. It cff«rs for
fsle a limited number of interest hearing and
ir.rtHilment certificates. A comparatively
trrall amount invested now will produce large
mr.i steadily Increasing income In near futura.
The corporation invites closest investigation.
Arenrs and inter* sted persons apply R!o Ml-
rhd Rubber Co,, r. C-C5. Crocker fcldg.. S. 7.
UFPIT'ENT p.pents. with references, for coun-
try town*. F. R. GRANNIP. :32 Montg.. S. F.
EXI'KHIKNCKD Insurance agents. Call at room
•'•\ fST Mr.rk»>t Ft., corner Piiith.
WANTED- Arents In each city: pood money.
Parifle Coast M. fk L. Co.. <B0 ?th. Oakland.
ATTOnXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. K3 Market Ft.. Cth floor, room 6:7
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
c<-.ileotior.s; all case*; fair fee: no advance ¦
charges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. t
ADVICE free; divorce law a rpecialty; private;
ro fe«- without puccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty at law. too Market, cor. Stockton, j
J. H. McKXIGHT. oollectlons: damages; e»- 1
tate«: miuinc: cpen even. 5?2 Parrott bldg. i
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a j
— xcURy. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir: tel.Red 3616. !
ADVICE fr*~>: m charpe unless «1~— ssfuf. W. |
W. DAVIDSON. s:7 Market Ft., opp. Mason, j
L. B. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bl<Jg.. ?:; Mar- J
Vet st. : or.r.yultati"r frr-e; r.o fees tn advance. |
ASPHALT! M IIOOKINM. !
3. PELTIER, esrhalt rooflr.g. sidewalks re- !
raired: postal liSti Mission: tel. Foisorr i l€fl".
DOARD1\G KOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— By highiy respectable couple. th» :
care of rh'Id 2 to 4 years., long or short
j>erind; term* — loder.-.te: fln» home arid sunny ;
Jard: object, companion for our own ch!!4
:^S v-ars. R.->x 014. Call office. j
niSIXESS CHANCES.
A— Ji:.V>: CORNER Eroeery"~a,nd bar~on~Ca!U ]
fornia Ft.; choicest location in this city; gw>1 j
raying place; clean stivk, poofl Cxtutes. Call
R. G. WILKE, :*i'i Kearny M. |
A— 1200: STATIONERY *tore; 2 living rooms; <
rent 110; good business for man and wife. :
Call R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A-J1200: RESTAURANT and ohnphouse: rent ;
SZf': t>!are *-stab. years: daily receipts JiO;
trtal siven: a good busine?* and best loca- I
tlon. Csll R. G. WILKE. Kearny »t-
A-?::0; SAIxjoN: c'.eering jlJo per month; ient
$<<-': established many years; only day busi-
ness: location best in this city. Call R. G.
WILKK. MS Kearny tt. j
i— ISA; CORNER grocery and bar; northern
part of clty;-Geatn of owner cause of sale; a
pood business for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKK, 26't Kearcy st.
A— JJC-,0; CORNER saloon: location Third an-l
Mission Et»; rent $00, lease; corner can't be
beat; .bout 110. V J sto** on hand; owner nurt
have operation performed, only cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. Z6\ M Kearny st.
A— Slir.O; SALOON close to Montgomery St.;
place *stabli*hed 2<i years; clearing at least
'TJ> per month: 3 furnished rooms Included;
rent tC5. Call R. G. WILKE. SCVj Kearny Bt.
A — J1I.V): CAFE and restaurant: elegantly fitted
tip and doing a rushing business; located
close to Powell and Market sts. Call R. G.
WILKE. :ci 2 Kearny hi.
A— SSCO: CORNER butcher shop In northern
part of c'.ty: rent t2»: hors^. cart: eelllnc 4
rattle and about 15 sheep per week; a c-asli
_ custom. Call R. G. WILKE. K^ Kearny et.
AN ur.preceiJcr.ted sacrifice; "a-room brick ho-
tel and furniture: doing Immense flrst-ciass
<J2 a day) business: cost and worth toO.OOO:
offered for 116,500; ha* rented for $100; now
rur. by owner.
y. P. SICKELS. the L-r,d Ager.t. 6 Geary st.
HOTKL. country. 40 rooms; rent 175; livery at-
tarhed; good bupin««: price J :;.",«; eaey terme:
call ear!j- for this Larra-In.
G. VT. ECHWEINHAItD.
Uoom 2, 317 Market et.. cpp. Ma?on.
fJSfl — PARTNER wanted: Indoor commission
busin^sB. McLAfCHLIN & CO.. 777«4 Market.
|t3t-CAKDT Ftore and factory: bargain; leav-
lr.g city cause ot sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. TTT'-X Market *t.
1(» CIGAR stands. 200 — roceri«« find bars.
3"> candy and Icecream stores. &00 restaurants.
300 stores of a!! kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with J!'"0 u;> can be suited.
'¦V ALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market tt
CALL to-day for bar;a:ns. Business Hoard of
Trade. Live— ¦• and boarding otable. {1600:
fc?h mxery «nd bar, for the Invoice: half
Interest In old reliable store; fine lodging-
house, 13 roorr*. 226 Pine st.
5350 — FINE chop ar.d lunch house. 226 Battery-
— iust be sole! quick. Apply LKJ.VALD Invest-
ment Co.. s;0 Market et.
A-;:'O; PARTNER -anted; light business!
must be satisfied with IIS to J25 a week; no
experienc-e re<julrc<;. 2; G»ary St.. room 1. .
RESTAURANT for tale; established SO years;
doing busineFs cf about J55 per day. Inquire
fit Call offic*.
BfTTER nnd «>rg stall In Grand Western
Market. Inquire J. H. KGGERS. 1312 Polk.
WILL seM half interest In a good carpenter
anJ «ore f:tt!nc business; well established
and paying. Apply nt carpenter ehep. M:
Hush rt.. between » and H) a. m.
FO?. Bale or leas* — The Bay View Ptables.. San
Rafael, Marin Co.. «*al. Fcr particular* i ap-
ply to M. MURRAY, on premise*; cleared
over $500 a morth for last ?¦ yeam. '
AA— 1406: GRANIi opport unity for Jadycr g»nt. :
location perfect: cigars, p« rioUieals, notion*.
Waiting-room. £?d ave. rtation. K. Oakland
FOR $10 I will teach men and women a pro-
f«-«Mou that will fetch them from 15 to J20
a <lay. C. TV. C_ 2C41 CalJ office.
IN city, nr-or Grar.t ave. ; good paying dre~-
r/iflking buslners cheap. A-ddress box 2C15,
Call office. • •
Jir.TEL to lease— 21 rooms nt San Rafael; new-
ly t»a!nted; !n tfir*t-c!as«» order. Owner. 11
Lycn et.
EAICERV for Fale-Lnr_rst end best; located
in larjre country town. Address R.BRUN-
'?CKn, b-jx 2i. ivtaluma.
RESTAURANT doing J1C a day oubIrcis: stand
et JSXI.fcr 3 day«. Box 2671, Call office, j
RESTAURANT ami coffee saloon for eale,
cheap. Apply C"7 Clay et.. near Kearny; good
location: «rent J2S. • -- — --- •
; HELP WAXTEP- MALE- — Con. _
WANTEIV^ook, Bmall boarding-house. Apply
32 Steuart st.
WANTED-Custom coat finisher, steadyern-
ployment.' Call C51 Sacramento, belowjcearny.
GOOD tarber. steady Job. Apply »25 Fourth
' st. San Rafael, tel. Red 15.
BARBER wanted at 120 Geary st.
BARBER wanted, steady man; 1 year's experl-
ence. 142H Eighth st. .
WANTED- First-class dishwasher. 15S1 Va-
lencia st. _
PANTS and vest makers wanted. 201 and 2C3
Montgomery at. and 1110-1112 Market.
BOY wanted to learn the cigar trade. Apply
. 821 Capp «t.. near Twenty-fourth. . .
WANTED— A good night waiter for restaurant.
15S0 Market st. __J
WANTED— A first-class men's . clothing tales-
man; young man preferred. Address box
2674. Call office.
BARKEEPER. German preferred, as second.
Box :676. Call offlce. —
WANTED— Press boy. Apply at 532 Commer-
cial st. : '•
COATMAKER on custom coats. S27 Market
. St.. rooSi . 721.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 831
Sacramento st. '
A MAN as bedmaker and' to assist in dlnlng-
rooms. Apply 1502 Kentucky st.
WANTED-Shoemaker on repairing. Apply
614 Lacuna st.
FOR sale cheap— 2-chair 6c barber shop at 936^4
Howard st. Apply at 301 Seventh Bt., city.
S-CHAIR barber shop; cheap. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. _.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $50 or
$73 cash. $30 month and board: no experience
'. required. Restaurant. 4Cg Fourth et.
BIO Inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1215 Market Bt.
WANTED— Tailors on custom coats; high
wages: steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
3 PRESSMEN and apprentice boys on pants.
734 Montgomery «t.
WANTED— First-class bootblack tn barber
shop at 324 Montgomery st.
BARBERS! Good paying 2-chair shop cheap:
must sell. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 EUls.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to riR-ht party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, fcalf
price. £62 Mission bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BLACKSMITHS for whaling cruise: also car-
penters, at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG men to go whaling; no experience
required. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson.
PANTS pressers wanted by S. N. WOOD & CO.
Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
Ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— In San Francisco, manufacturing
establishment an experienced matcher hand;
wages J3 per day to suitable man. Box 2256,
Call office.
BARBER shop for sale In th- best mining
town In the State. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ;
WANTED— At Mills College, good gardener of
experience; recommended.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COi:-
PANY. 21 Sptar st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third et. : 150 large
rooms; 25c psr night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and first-class man
that can straighten steel plates, etc. Waltz
Safe and Lock Co.. 109-111 Market st.
McDONALD & PERRY have SCO pairs aecond-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up: drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 13c and 13c
meals in the city at 419 Kearny St.; the
Maine Restaurant.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used tn this college.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
; to 50c. S62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard b:.
ENGRAVERS wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. 613 Market st.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at 627 Fourteenth
street.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 803 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to, and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES A.\D WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec S10 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tirel road buggy. DR. I_
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 164 Oolden
Gate ave.. corner Leavenworth St.- /
THREE fast road horses: also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; one 4-ton
express wagon. 48 Eighth st. ¦ _'-•-,
A — 100 SETS second-hnnd harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreya. horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express >»agon. single, also light
camping wagon, for e&le cheap. ;..12 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send tor cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished house, 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished cr unfurnished; reason-
able. 1625 Post st. ', '.\
. HOUSES TO LET KUKNISHUU.
TO let— Nicely furnished E-room bouse; electric
lights, porcelain bath, piano, etc. 517 Devlsa-
dero St.. near Hayes. ¦ „-*> -
LOST AXD FOCSp.
STRAYED— From 203 Central ave.. black cock-
er spaniel bitch. Finder please return to
above address or 17 Stockton st. and receive
liberal reward. ¦
LOST— Small fox terrier; ears black; one ear
split. Return to 1709 Eddy st. after a p. m.;
reward. *-*,...
LOST— A rosary; garnet beads; gold chain and
cross. Return to 1S34 Ellis st. ; reward.
LOST— Umbrella at Central Theater: ivory
handle dog. Liberal reward at 3377 Mission.
LOST— Llewylln setter bitch; reward. 31S Day
street.
LOST— Small Marguerite pin; pearl petals*
small diamond in center: gift of a deceased
husband: $10 reward. Return to SLISE C
MURRAY. 2134 O'Farrell st.
LOST— Gold pin with* two diamonds and one
emerald, surrounded ly pearls. Return to
MISS HAAS. 2007 Franklin rt: reward.
LIBERAL reward for return or Information
of small white and brown dog. female; loat
from 2 Golden Gate ave., March 4.
ARASMO LUCIDO of Blacls Diamond will pay
a reward of $40 to any one who will return
to him a salmon net lost In the neighbor-
hood of Kodso, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. S7.
FOUND— Stray horse; prove property and pay
expenses. 1206 Pace it. '
FOUND— A gold ring; owner can have same by
proving property. Box 2673. Call.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mnson."
OLD gold. Mlver. diamonds and prectons stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market «t.
MATIUMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly: ladles only; my reg-
ulator has no equal; all classes of female
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others: the only treatment that helps the
¦ unfortunate; the most obstinate cases a— •
• Immediately relieved without pam: no other
treatment will do this; the most difficult
• cases treated; scientific methods guaranteed.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Mrkt. cpp. 5th.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market— Private home
. for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confluence; reliable.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe -and reliable ladles* »pecia.irst: - prlvat-
home . before and during ' confinement.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market St..
. bet. Tailor and M_*->n: ladles' specialist.COPENHAGEN, " March 11— Edward
Hagerup Grieg, the Norwegian composer,
has been suffering from influenza but has
recovered and has been able since Satur
day to go out of doors. He Intends to
visit America. , :'*:"•:'>'
Composer Grieg Recovering.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. M^rch 11.— At the
Tale observatory It la reported that the
new star recently discovered in the con
stellation Parseus has diminished in bril
liancy to the third magnitude. One ob
server thinks the star is slightly redder
in color than heretofore.
New St*r Growing Red. '
same; gift.
David Davis (by M. F. Vandall, commis
sioner) to German Savings and Loan Society,
lot on N line of Clay street, 105 E of Brod
erlck, E 27:6 by N 127:8\4; $3700.
Gorman Savings and Loan Society to John
J. and Clara I'ratt, same; $10. .
John Mahoney to Johanna, Catherine E. and
Frances L. Mahoney, lot on S line of Post
street, 82:6 E of Lyon, W 27:8 by 8 137:6; gift.
William K. Van Alen to Fredericka Hertr
lot on W line of Lyon street, 135:4^4 N of
Clay. N 25 by AV 137:6; $2500.
Louise F. and George M. Pond to J. J.
Ppleker, lot on E line of Masonic. avenue, 191
8 of Waller street, 8 24 by E 150; $6000.
Triumph Loan Association to Daniel Meyer,
lot on E line of Ashbury street, 35 S of Wal
ler. S 25 by E 106:3; $5500.
. Albion 6. Perley to Matilda II. Perley, lot
on N line of Fourteenth street, 80 E of Mls-
Flon. N 25. W 79:9'4. N 25, E 80, N 25, E 60:11.
S ;;:1H. W 65:7; gift. *
H. W. Taylor (by Thomas Desmond, Sheriff)
to Edward Patchell, lot on W line of Shotwell
street, 125 N of Twentieth, N 30 by W 122:6;
$1900.
Thyra Crane (Hawthorne) and Earl Crane
to John Harper, lot on SE corner of Mission
and Seventeenth streets, S 68, E 80, S 42, E
82:0. N 110, W 162:6; $10.
Conradlna • Schwerdt to KathRrlna W.
Schwerdt, undivided 1-6 of following: Lot on
E line of Lexington avenue (Stevenson), 19S
N of Twenty-first street. N 22 by E 75; also
lot on" E line of Lexington avenue, 210 S of
Eighteenth street. S' 25 by E 80; also lots 9
and 26, block Q, Park Lane Tract No.. 3; gift.
Albert C. Hampton to Robert AV. Hampton,
lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 100 K
of Shotwell. E 22:6 by N 112; also lot on NW
corner of Mason and O'Farrell streets. N 30
by AV 80; nlso lot on E line of Valencia street
120 N of Twenty-first. N 23 by E 90; also lot
on E line of Seventeenth avenue, 225 N of I
street. N BO by E 120; »70C0. ,
Builders' Contracts.
Peter Dean (owner) with Isaac Penney (con
tractor, plans ; by committee— Carpenter, mill,
brick, cement and metal work, glazing, plas
tering and tinning for alterations - to a brick
building ot 21 Page stceet (SE corner of Page
and Gough streets. 120 by 165) ftlOSO.
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to Ed
ward Harris, lot on NE corner of Union and
AVcbster streets, E 62:6, N 100, E 75, N 50 W
117:6. S 150; $5600.
Edward Harris to Amelia Harris (wife).
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' . rant Issued for J. L.' Tipton.
BUFFALO, March 11.— J. L. Tipton, sec
retary and' treasurer; of the Switchmen's
International Union, was arrested to-day
on a charge of larceny. Tipton recently
complained to the police that the safe in
his office had been opened and robbed of
$1875. Grand Master Hawley of the order,
who with Messrs. Cassady ; of .Kansas
City and Welch of -Omaha, of the board
of directors, has been Investigating the
matter/paid to-day that it r had been
learned that the total shortage of Tipton
is' $2639. - He added that the order was
fully protected.
Officers of the Switchmen's Inter
national Organization Have a War- 1
UNION BECBETABY
ACCUSED OF IiABCENY
Department Commander. . >~ ; i- ~
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The Quar
'termaater General Is Informed that the
transport Logan left Nagasaki Thursday
for "San Francisco with Major General
Young and the Thirty-third and Thirty ¦
fourth Volunteer regiments. General
Young, "on his arrival at San Francisco,
will relieve General Shafter of the com
mand of the Department of California,
and 'the latter will be retired as a major
general. ,' ,
Famous Fighter in the Philippines
Will Soon Believe the California
MAJOB GENEBAL YOUNG
ON HIS WAY HOMEWABD
Vice President Visits White House
and Will Go to Oyster Bay for
the Summer.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt had half an hour's talk
with the President to-day, but nothing
was disclosed a» to the nature of his visit.
The Vice President will leave "Washing
ton for his home at Oyster Bay some time
this week. His summer plans contemplate
a quiet stay at Oyster Bay. The Vice
President will not accompany the Presi
dent on his trip to the Pacific Obast.
A number of prominent leaders In both
branches of Congress called upon the
President to-day to pay their respects
before departing for their homes. Among
them were Senators. Jones of Arkansas,
Beverldpe of Indiana, Bard of California
and Teller and Patterson of Colorado.
ROOSEVELT CONSULTS
. WITH THE PRESIDENT
Dismissal of the Pension Office Chief
Demanded, but the President
Withstands the Pressure.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The dis
missal of Pension Commissioner H. Clay
Evans is demanded by many pension at
torneys and Grand Army men.
The reason for the concerted attack
upon the commissioner is not hard to
find. "When the law of 1800 was enacted
pension attorneys reaped a rich harvest.
The more successful attorneys became
millionaires. They skimmed the cream off
profits under that law within three years.
When Commisslonei Evans was appointed
they expected that he would take upon
himself the functlo/u of Congress and
practically enact iiew pension laws by
putting new constructions on those al
ready on the statute books. Commissioner
Evans did not believe tho constructions
demanded by the attorneys were Justified
by the laws and he declined to assume
legislative functions.
From that time until the present a sys
tematic campaign has been waged against
the commissioner. Political pressure of
the most powerful kind has been brought
to boar on President McKlnley to secure
his removal, but thus far the President
has -¦withstood this pressure. Up to tha
present time Commissioner Evans has
given no Indication of an intention to re
tire voluntarily and President McKinley
has not authorized any statement' that
his removal is contemplated.
ATTOBNEYS AT WAB
WITH A COMMISSIONER
BoeopielofC in. Serious Condition.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 11.— The
Minister of Public Instruction, M. Bogo
pieloff, who, February 27, was shot by
Peter Karpovlch, continues feverish. Hia
temperature has reached 103.5 and hi"
pulse Is $6. His rests are broken and hid
condition Is occasioning grave fears.
Friends of Mrs. Maybrick Intend to
Present a Petition for Clemency
to the Crown. '
.LONDON. March 11.— Another attemDt
Is soon to be made to obtain royal clem
ency for Mrs. Maybrick. Baroness de
Roques, Mrs. Maybrick's mother, has been
In London during the last week In con
sultation with her legal advisers for the
purpose of framing a petition to the crown
for her daughter's pardon. It has been
intimated that the prospect of bringing
about such a denouement has not dimin
ished owing to the accession of his Majes
ty Edward VII, but quite the contrary.
One of the stanchest supporters of Bar
oness de Roques is J. H. Levy, chairman
of the Personal Rights Association of the
National Liberal Olub. He has had sev
eral conferences with Mr. Choate on tho
propriety of presenting a"n address to the
crown through the Home Office. Mr.
Choate, while declining officially to take
part In such proceedings, has nevertheless
assured the friends of Mrs. Maybrick that
he will do everything he can do In .as pri
vate capacity to further their object.
KING WILL BE ASKED
TO GRAirr THE PARDON
BERLIN, March 11.— In the Reichstag
to-day during a debate on the budget for
German r East Africa, Herr Bebel, Social
ist, made several severe attacks upon the
administration of the colonies.
Dr. Stuebel, Secretary of the Colonial
Office, In a lengthy reply, admitted that
the commercial conditions In the colonies
were not so good as ra!gh$ be wished, but
this was principally due' to lack of com
munication. , The revolts were not due to
the collection of taxes, nor to the execu
tion of nineteen chiefs, which had oc
curred under circumstances admitting of
no other course. Slavery was no longer
legal, the only slaves now existing being,
those persons born. in slavery.
Dr. Stuebel concluded his reply by say
ing .that Captnln Kannenburgj- had been
convicted of a fatal assault, sentenced to
three years' Imprisonment and dismissed
from the service. Captain Kannenburg
was charged with having committed a
number ot cruel crimes In German East
Africa and arrived In Berlin In April, 1900,
to be tried by court martial.
Herr Bebel tried to raise the question Of
the commutation of the death sentence of
Lieutenant Prince Prosper von Arenburg
for the murder of a native In German
East Africa In 1S99, but the president of
the house refused to allow the question.
on the ground that the commutation of
the penalty was a special action of clem
ency by the Emperor, of which he need
not give account to any one.
Herr Von Volmar, Centrist, urged that
the immigration of Boers to Southwest
'Africa should be encouraged as much as
possible.
Herr Bebel said the Government had al
ready expended a total of 80,000.000 marks
In East Africa, while German, trade with
that territory had steadily declined,
amounting In 1S99 to only one-third of the
expenditure for the year. Professor Hase.
pan-German, admitted the decline of
trade with German East Africa.
Commercial Conditions Are Admitted
- to Be Very Unsatisfactory, tout .'
the Pressnt Policy Is '
Declared Progressive.
Severe Attacks Upon Gar
man Administration in
the Reichstag.;
POOR RESULTS
FROM COLONIES
Besides the foreign -.representatives, a
large crowd gathered at the station to Bid
the Minister and his family farewell.
Thus it appears clearly that Mr. Rock
hill is not in any sense a successor of Mr..
Conger as United. States Minister at Pe
king at this time, but remains simply Spe
cial Commissioner, limited In his functions
to the negotiations with the Chinese Gov
ernmentand the other Ministers for a set
tlement of the troubles growing out of the
Boxer uprising. ...
"CONGER."
"PEKING. March 11.— I leave Peking to
day for America. SquJers Is left In charge.'
Mr. Conger's' message was as follows
WASHINGTON. March 11.— A cablegram
received at the State Department to-day
announces the departure of Minister Con
ger, en route to the United States. His
sixty days' leave of absence will begin
when he reaches San Francisco.
Companies A and B of the Ninth United
States Infantry have been notified that
they are to remain In China. It -Is be
lieved that Major Robertson .will com
mand them.
PEKING. March 11.— United States Min
ister Conger left this morning. All the
foreign Ministers bade him farewell at the
railway station.
Minister Conger Departs.
"Considerable uneasiness In consequence
of the extreme friction- is believed to exiei
between the Yangtse Viceroys and LI
Hung Chang."
LONDON, March ll.-The Times In Its
second edition to-day published a dispatch
from Shanghai, March 11, saying:
"it is reported upon trustworthy au
thority that Russia has notified China that
unless the Manchurlan convention Is
signed at an early named date, she (Rus
sia) will withdraw the convention and
substitute harder terms in Its place. Li
Hung Chang declares that he Is powerless
to resist and has appealed to tne United
States, Great Britain, Germany and Ja
pan to Intervene In China's behalf.
Alleged Threat of Russia.
Whilo accepting the Russian disclaimer
of any purpose to occupy Manchuria per
manently, the administration Is already
taking measures for the protection of
American trade In that province In the fu
ture. Throughout the negotiations the
President and Secretary Hay have not
lost sight of the necessity of insisting
upon the preservation of the "open door."
Being never sure that the negotiations
could be concluded without precipitating
a partition of China, the administration
has been prepared to make a prompt
agreement with any power seizing terri
tory that would protect American trade.
Accepting Russia's explanations, notwith r
standing the doubt cast upon them by the
British press, it has been suggested that
the United States submit an agreement to
the powers, Including Russia, which will
establish forever the free character of the
port of Newchwang. This Is now being
considered. t •' ¦
. CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, ; N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 11.— Positive
denial is made at the State Department
of the stgry that the United States Gov
ernment had made a protest against Riis
slan encroachments In Manchuria. No
circular note urging concerted action by
the powers to resist aggression by Russia
or any other power has been Issued .by
this Government. The note of February
19 Is evidently being misrepresented or
misunderstood In London. It was ad
dreEsed to China and copies were, sent to
all the powers. In it the United States
urged the Chinese Government to refrain
from entering Into any secret or separate
understanding with any power regarding
the cession of territory or financial obli
gations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This Government Is Working for
Protection of Trads in China and
Preservation of the Open-
Door Policy.
Protest Not Made Against
Russian Encroachments
in Manchuria. >
AMERICA'S STAND
MISUNDERSTOOD
THE SAN FKANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1901.
11
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
COPvNEn store— West corner Fourth~and~Perry
•ts.; occuried as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent $^0: wat^r free. Apply to G H
I'MBSEX & CO.. 14 Montcomery ft. -
6TCRE or factory; larpe yarfl: 7000 feet; Mis-
sion and .ToFFie 5ts.. h»t. First and Second
Ari-ly MADISON & BURKE or SS5 Mltslon.
I-AHGE elegant store; cement basement; 9J3
Valencia st.. rear Slrt. ; will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior to eul»
good tenant.
STORE and 2 ror,mf=; rent I*. 1172 Harrison et..
between Seventh and Eighth,
SMALL etore. with living rooms. 2(E2 Mission
street.
OIL.
A COMPANT Jurt forming will own tract of
Kern land; no royalty or bonus: Hock to be.
s^ld In Euror*: warn 3 more men on ground
__floor. Box IC42. Call office.
».— . JPSEPH H. TOPUTZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PBO8DCE— ? OIL EXCHANGE.
Cour.try correypondenre solicited.
fjUSTEiu axd nnconATons.
WALL paper, t-iiades: rooms pap»red, !3
• «p. Jensen & nath. Cs Ftxth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from J3 up; city or country.
Hartraan Palrt Co.. T.19 3d et. : tet. Red S521.
PALMISTHV.
H. JEROME FGFPlHXr^ciTntiflc palmist! 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Poet; tel. Clack Ml.
rAKTXEnS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted— J1000 cash: established
cigar factory: no experience; full value. Call
or rtjrvrr PHIMIPT'S Pharmacy. S42 Krny.
rATKXTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
.ADVICE free: no charte unless successful
GKO D. CAMPKELL. I,awyer. Examiner hit.
PEItSOXALS.
A-IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. O. F. MOORK. 4SS Geary st.. and you
•will not be disappointed; this remedy :s posl-
tlvely guaranteed: call or send for circular.
I WOULD like to know the address of MRS.
R. COWLES In this city, arrived from Hono-
lulu on February 15, 190L W. A. COWLES.
SC2H Foleora et.. S. F.
TOl*NG man 24 desires acquaintance young '
lady; good looking; of rood character; object
Address box 2661. Call office.
60-YEAR old lady please eend me your ad-
dregs. Box 1142, Call office.
EPRING style* Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, I 1 );! Market St.. nr. Sixth.
rniVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3j7 Jessie st.
IF you wi«h to be successful In all your affairs
and bring health, happiness, lo\-e and ail that
is Rood within your reach, you must learn
hotr to Influence people; private Instruction.
MRS. C VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth Et.
%V ANTED— To make the acquaintance; object
marriage; muft have some money: no ob-
jection to children; a splendid livins; send
addrera: I will come with particulars. Box
»1S1. Call office.
&*•<* OALLONS $2 Fresno pert wine at $1 per
pallon: 75 ca^es Johannesberg champagne.
rerular rrice 116. now J10; fine table claret
8T.C sa!lon. for 1 week only. Johannesber*
Wine Vaults. F. HOLTfM, ED California st.
JAV.ES' Detective Bureau. i:T Montgomery et.,
room 21: phone Bush 2>>S: chases reasonable.
ELECTRIC liRht in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., rictr Market: 700 rooms;
Kc to II M) per night; tl DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and basEa^s to and from the ferry.
"WHITE enamel Iron b«ds. RinRle. three-quarter
or do-jhle. JI 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. li:r>-lSJ2 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
>-$" Bt DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, ZZO Kearny 6t.. near Pin*.
J-INE *-Jitff. HO: drers pants, tt 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORP. 437 Montgomery St.
Jl WEEKLY; suits tc order from genuine
Scotch, S15 up; fine Ctess Fuits, 120 up; ele-
«rar.t overcoats, 115 up. LEON' LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ECHOOi. to learn hairdr^ssing, hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons cr class. MIPS A. V.
1X)TLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
!aFTH_A: fure cure. MRS. S. M. LEE. Fatr-
oaks. Cal.; route No 1.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Gt»OD home op»n tor healthy boy or «1rl baby.
Mr*. Dr. Funke. 3416 Eighth st., Alameda.
H"I'ERKLl"OrS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIPS HATON, 1118 Butter st.
T>H. UMOITK'S Fiwrh Com Paint, the beat
corn cure; 13c; all drujr^ists.
ALFRnDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
! a.r to its natural c>lor: tl: at all druggists.
PMVSXCIAXS ASTO Sl'RGEOXS.
I'R. C. C. O'DOXNELl— Office and residence,
1CI1V* Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
Jjlt. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats a.11 direases of the human body: see
teetlrooniaJs et office. 115-117 Manon. nr. Ellis.
HEAL ESTATC — CITY — FOIl SALE.
ALL GEXUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
I5T0<»— O' Farrell Et.; large let; 3 cottages ; rents
|40: a erer.
USft—TwO flats, 5 rocrr.s each; rent $30; within
er.e block of Market st.
tISOO— Sacramento St.. «ast of Powell; rents
fTT. , one tenant 10 years.
tV/00— Corner, 40x90, with rood ID-room house;
H>d* st.
J7i00— Eleear.t new fiats, east of. Van Ness
Eve. ; rents J72.
S"00— 241 Caetro Bt.. corner Sixteen*_b: fine 10-
roorci residence; elepant appointments through-
cut: crand view; lot SCxlCO.
T v :*>— McAllister et. ; rents JSS; great bargain;
ir.L'Ft sell.
lSf«- Three f-room modem Sate; rented low,
a*. r : near LeavCTiworth «t-
V-T,r/<-~ Business property; Ninth et. t near Mls-
t'.rzi; rent* J<5.
$11,000-Store end two strictly modern flati of
5 nnd 8 rooms: north of Market et.
f'l.DC'O— Leaven worth Et. ; rents ?105; lot S5-foot
front.
114.000— Grand Investment cf 4 brand-new
fats; rented for fl20; near Van N'esi and Golden
Gat* 8ves.. large lot.
121. W0 — Elirht errand flats. S and 6 rooms; sear
Jrrn»» rt. : lot 75x137: pa>'« 10 per cent.
K8.CCC — Business prcperty of 4 stores and a
?...•?: rents ££0.
fSS. W>— MlFElon-st. corner, ITCxiCO; actually
*rurth JSE.COO; mutt sell at once.
$*0,CO0— Corner. Golden Gate ave.; 137:«xl37:«;
rrr.ts IC4O.
jr.S.OCO — Grand corner: 80-foot front; few blocks
ircm Orpheum: pays 6 per cent net.
I7S.00O— Grand corner; CO-foot front; within &
block of Tlvo'l ; old Improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. EPECK & CO.. CC7 Market St.
f!300 — CHEAPEST home in the city; to effect
<;uick eale; 4 roon^s and stable; well of water
troduces 100D gallons per day; street accopt-
«d by city; cement eidewalk; plank side en-
trance; part cash. Call Immediately on II.
W. DAVIS. 416 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
tlOO-2 LOTS. 2Jxl25 TACH; 2 blocks from efec^
trie cars; 4 blocks from Ocean View, on north
Fide of Lobos rt... TOO feet east of -Plymouth;
r»*ady tn fruiid on; only 6c carfare; worth {400
«-ach. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
C500— STORE and flat, corner Point Lobos ave.
and Wood et. ; rented to steady tenants at
|_: 23rl25. XV. II. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery et.
F CHOICE lots: 16th ave.. eouth of park;' $300.
Itlchmond Land Co..' 828 Clement f t.
COTTAGE, € rooms; Richmond; part cash;
noco. Rlrhmond Land Co.. 323 Clement st.
2-FTORT house. 7 fine rooms; 13009. Rich-
mond Land Co., 223 Clement et.
EVERY one comes to me who has lots to sell
no--th of the Park: quick sale* made. W. J.
Gi;NN. £30 California et., between Mont-
gomery and Kearny.
A— tlSOO— DOUBLE corner lot near Park, for
$«««: greatest bargain ever offered; must sell
».i once. Box 2C24. Call office.
JJODEKN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans fumlthed. GEORGE M. EALSBURr.
buMdcr; office 123 Market ft.
J HAVE buyers for lots north of the Park
from First ave. to the ocean. W. J. GUNN,
620 California Bt.
FOR the beet located lots In Richmond and tho
cheapest call on V. f . J. Gunn. C30 California.
FOR es'e 8t a barsratn — That elerant new 10-
room house. 775 Cole et.; elegantly decorated;
open dally.
:'rfi7 WASHINGTON BT.
$4*00; mun be cold en account of departure;
house of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x127 :8H.
MTET eell— 2 choice level lots' near cars. {123
Thlftleton. 272 Sadowa et.. Ocean View.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then rail on W. J. GUNN. UP California st.
UEAI, L-STATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
S2 ACRES: 10 miles from Napa: new cottage,
4 rooms and ball; chicken houses, »table. 300
bearing fruit trees. 200 bearing vine*; run-
ning water. Inquire 431 Golden Gate ave.,
evenlrt^
GRAZING or dairy land to lease," 280 acre*,
with large outride range, in Humboldt County.
OjiI.. for term of years: plenty wood and
water. M. R. JAGER. 110 Taylor St.. rt. V.
FOR P.<?nt-Han<ly-slzoa fruit and hay ranch;
near Lay. Address r'ruit. box 2112, Call office.
UOO3IS TO .LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
GHAXD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite Or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
( HO\VARD, 728, near Third— Large sunny front
room pultable for 2;- reasonable: also room
$5 per month for gentleman; bath.
LACUNA, ,1129, near Eddy— Sunny furnished
»nd unfurniphed rooms: light housekeeping if
so desired; riot and cold running water.
MARIPOSA] 1169 Mission— Newly furnished
fUnny rooms, single, and suites, from $1 mo.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished.
bay-window room; <1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt.— Nicely
. furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 85c a d»y up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevntor; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
suite or single; gas, bath, phone; tlO to SU.
POWELL. 617— Nicely furnished sunny bulte;
no children, r
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
. reading-room, emoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2 to
JS; month. IS to ISO; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis et— Rooms,
night. 25c td %l; week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ' ¦
SUTTER. *20«4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; slnglg rooms. JS; suites, $12 to $25 mo.
SUTTER, 948-Handsomely furnished bay-wln-
dow front room; hot and cold running water;
central. .
TAYLOR, 106 — Sunny rooms en suite and sln-
gle; $} month; 23c per night. .
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water: transient.
VALLEJO, 1232. near Hyde— Suite sunny rooms,
with use of kitchen; ccal and gas; $12; un-
furnished^
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California st., may
bo found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and sightly rooms at moiltst rates.
ELLIB, 673— Beautifully furnished single *ooms
and suites, with board; central lbcation; reas.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
Flirt et. ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4e stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlcheater Chemical Co., rhlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10:- tel. 55S0.
SHO\V CAIIDS AXD POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1S««.
SEYVIXG MACIHXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 'Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented. fxchanKed, re-
paired ; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main E71S.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 mTsI
j sion St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. AV. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TnrssES. -¦ •__
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 603 Kearny.
TVJPEWniTEnS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better mcahines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 535 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 {twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will b« payable at the
office of th* company. 327 Market Bt., on and
after Friday. March 13. 1901. Transfer books
will close Saturday, March 9. 1901. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
, ' LEGAL ADVEllTISEMEXTSr J
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco. State of California— In tht
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
1 poraUon. upon Us application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.887. pept. 19.
j Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sutrar
Company, a corporation organized and exist*
lri? under and by virtue of the laws of ths
State of California, and having Its offlca and
place of business in the city and county ot
Pan FrancUco, State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
. of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dlsKolutlon of said
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th,
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
raid court. Department No. 10, in the City
Ball of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of natd application
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand tr.d affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk:
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 19<)1. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
PHOTOS ALS. ''
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS— General Instruct
flans to competitors for designing and fur-
nishing plans for a hospital for the German
Grneral Benevolent Society can now be ob-
tained at the office. 260 Geary st.
THE BUILDING COMMITTEE.
. MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yenterdny:
Daniel E. Morris, 36, 1913 Polk street, end
Lulu M. Van Voorhics, 24, 326 Larkln street.
Charles M. Qulntero. 22. 11 Polk street, and
Pearl Gunsauls. 18, 1551^ Market street.
Samuel E. Baer, 23, 127B Union Square ave-
nue, and Monlque Cauhaupe, 20, 1300 Van Ness
avenue.
Earnest C. Read, 2S, SOI Holloway avenue,
and Ellen J. Orr. 21. 329 Twenty-seventh street.
Charles B. Perkins, 31, Petaluma, and Lena
Menke. 24. 907 Pine street.
Cayetano Bouquet, 74, 17 Geneva street, and
.Merqedes Sanchez. 48, 17 Geneva Ptreet.
Charles A. Wilson, 27, 622 Fourth street, and
Anna B. Stremmel, IS. 622 Fourth street.
f-.erbfrt G. Bosran, 22, 16 Natoma street, and
CUre L. Cone. 21. Oakland.
Nathonlel T. Foster. 21, Kansas City, Mo..
and Everett I. Wilson, 18. 2520 Octavla street.
James Porteous, 29, 851 Pine street, and Alice
M. Herbert, 22. 851 Pine street.
Hermann J. KleUh. 37, 645 Washington
street, and Anna F. Henelcke, 33, 645 Washing-
ton street.
Chew Kong. 40, 734 Jackson street, and Pong
Chew Quen. 25. 30 Baker nlley.
Chun Mun, 36, 703 Pacific street, and Chung
Tut Sang,. 20, CIO Washington street. '
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— I3EATHS.
Blrthj marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
% BORN.
CAPELLE— In this city. March 11. 1S01, to the
. wife of Robert Capeile. a son.
KELLY— In this city. February 28. iftOl. to the
wife of Robert C. Kelly, a daushter.
PERKINS-In this city. March 10, 1901, to the
wife of William H. Perkins, a son.
SHANNON— In this city, March 8. 1901. to the
wife of Daniel J. Shannon, a son.
SILVERMAN— In this city. March -10.-1901, to
the wife of Jacob Sllvermiin. a son.
———————
ESCHEN— THIEBEN— In this city. February
27, IPC1, by the Rev. ¦ Dr. J. Nieto, Lee
Ecclien and Clara Thieben. ,
GUGGENHEIM— HESS— In this city. March 10,'
1S01, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Jacob Gug-
genheim and Ermine Hess.
STEELE— HENNING— In this city. March 9,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
James A: Steele and Rebecca Hennlng;, , both
of San Francisco. -
__. _ ______
Barnes, Mary Hawkett. William G.
Bolley. William A. Hendrie. William > A.
Burrls.. William Hendrie. William
-Coburn. Sarah . Miles. John
Conrad, . CarHone E. Onborn. Carrie E.
Fisher. Carllss > Smyth, Ellaa
(lagan. Mary J. Thoelke, Richard
Gerlchten. Mrs. Jo- White, Charles
nephlne E. von -White, James R.
• Oreene. Francis H. (Dlck) v
Hansen. Thomas G. Toune, diaries
BARNES— In. this city. March 10. 1901. Mary
•-names,' wife of the late C. A. Barnes, a. na-
tive of Ireland.
.(C7"Krtonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3203 Twenty-fourth street, corner of
Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
MUi'Tiir.ii* r*«'irit: <o.uiu.it.
- ¦ • ¦ i ¦» i • (VAcirie attrtM.)
Train* l*n«« mi. I mrm ¦In* (<* wrrlv* »«
-.MAX rUANCMl'0.
{Uai a Line. Foot of Hark e t Street )
l«atb — FaoM aiABcn L I3CL — aukitb
7>3wa Bfci.lcK. SiiUau, Kitnlrv TanrlUa.
Hums'- j »uU l.iKniinio 7)3 Op
?:30a D«t1s. Woodland. Knighu Landing,
Mu)u tile, Drotlilo TiStr
TiBOa Atlantic Kx press— Ogden and Km) 12:3uf
MiOOa Mutlnez. 1*n iUiitou. VaIIojo. >'»p».
<:»!Lt4.c*»ii«lH»iita i:os» 0:SOp
8iO«a XIW. Luermore, Tr.er, latitrop.
Stociton 7i3«»
S:3bA Shut* Express -IHiia, Williams (for
Bartlett SprloaX Willow*. Its*
liluS, Portland. 7i30p
¦ |S»A Ban Jims, I.lt.nuorr. tttucktmt,
Inne. M«?T»mriit<v' n»orr»IUe,
M<iy»»i!K l.'hlcn, Ko'l ISIsiit 4i90r
ft:3« a OftkiUlr, Chines*. Honor*. Car ten... 4:3»p
»i«»« ll»jw«.!«, NikumJ Vltj SUiloiu. 11:10*
Uioo* Los Angeles Erprem — Martinm.
Tracy, l.atl.rop. Mwtion, MerorU
Frcmiii tiul Ui Ac;d'h 7>3Op
9:30a VhIIi-K MtUlliox vm \7 ly Station I fti-Hlr
IOiOOa Tho OteiUnJ Minded— Oc<!on. Ucu-
Ter, Onmha. Chicago GilOr
IIiOOa Kllra,.&tookto», rturameutn. Men>
•lot*. Front.. lUufotd, Vlj.iU,
IVrtfrtlllu 4:Znt
I 1:OOa LlTrrmnre. Saeew. Goeh«n Juno- -
tli»n, B:kersti?U. Lot AugeJti.....
tliOftp HaeraniKiit.<> Ki«»r 3tc*iii«r« f.liOO* A
3:O«tr lUjiTur-ln, Nlln «ii<1 \V»y H!»tlon*. 3i5Op .
4M»t»p MmiIitm, H»i> IUi , V»II»K
N»i>n. MbtMaga, Sjtuta ttosa. ...... *:SOt
4i«Or IteiilcU, Winters, Hacramcnto, v
Wnoillmul, K i.l.l, t> I.aliilliig.
M*rr»»li!«-. Om»il!«. l*iiO«
lil'»rn«r»i"U NMm.imI H»nJoa« i»'t*mA
StOAr Kl.«s. Urermore. Sxvckt-n. Lodl ... <«tO«»
BuneS Limited, El Ttso, *>-.w
Orle»n» *n.l Knit. , elVtSO*
3:«0rThe Owl UmltaU -1'nei, Fresno.
IUkenfleM. Hangua for suit* Bai-
liara. Irfia An**lt:*. lOi30t
SiOor New Orl'aor Expreta— lUitenlioM.
H.mln Itirlmra, l,t>« Allf vies, I'rlll-
I nit. Kl 1'uo, .Now Urleans and
Kss» 7.i»«4
• lOOr I!arwar<K NiltManil Mas Joae 7iBO%
1«iOor v»li«jo iii-iui
«iour Orfenul Mall-Og>Ien. Cbejenno.
(la.Alm. Chlcijfo l2:20r
erOOrOrletittt Mall-OfdeB, Denter,
Omaha. Chlctio. 4:2<»r .
liOWr Ort-viMi ami CallfnmU Ki|irm,H«o.
fmmilm M«ri»illic. l:nl. Him.
r.,iii:.M.i. r.ij.i Hiiiu.ti ai»i r.tutt 8>-iOa
Min^rSan Tib'o. Tort Cunta, Mirtlacx
•ml IVaj Htallous 11:50a
t»;03p V*IMrt TiMtr
«(>1ST KIVIsMM (^urrn«T llun^).
(F-w.t "I tl'Tlcet atrent.l
Ht I •• a NxTurM/VuUrilMf.Mau.lniii.Ki'ltoti,
' . j!im!ilcr('riek,Siia»C'riir. »iul\V*y
Htatiohs «i»i»r
filler New*rk. CenterTiUv. Hkii Josa, N-»
AluuKlcn. PVIton. Iton'.I.-r iVi-oi,
Haiitit (tin anil 1'rluelpat Way
Shtllotii !¦•*»»%
4tl*f Newark. Man Josf>, Ij.«fi*to» Si^Ma
dOi3Op Hunter*' F.x«unlon. Sau Jcs« and
W»y Station* fsrtmr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ruasis r.imc:sio-f»«t <r xuUi sir»»i is.'i^ si-
t7:!8 0.00 li.00».u. l:C3 3:33 3:13'.».
frwoOllUSB— f.«l .lgr.«J««».— t<t:OO (d;00 t3.-0S
10;0O».M. li:C3 2:33 l.SJr.u.
(OAST hitihioi |BrM40aan).
¦J2 (Thinl hihI Toitimn.l Hta.)
(UtlOA Oe«iui View, .Ion til *«n Kf.ujci-ic.... t«iiUop
?:«»A Man Jons am! Way Stnllc.iui (Now
Aliiii>ici> WwlntwJaysuiil)) llSOr
9iOS* Han Jimo, Tr.-. rin.rn. Haute Crux,
raellle <!r..»o, I'aao Itiikle*. Nan
l.nis Olilxiio, Miirf, J,oinpoc ami
1'rliieliml War SUkLma 4tlflr
l»il«« Ban Jiiw> ami Way Mlatlona «i3-"»a
IIiSMa .San Ji»s ami \V»jr -tutlo.m 3t3»r
(vi: l.ir Hati Matro, I><iwoo.l, Meolo Park,
I'slo Alto. Santa OUra, Hail Jium,
Tret Pino*. Maiita CfiM, Salinas.
Mniiferoy *i..l Pacific Clrur* |II»>3Ha
f:«:3n P Hsn.l»inainl Way Htatlims *i»»r
tltlSr San Joaaaml Prlncipa! Way .Station Ui »*»
t".:»i>rS»n Joa<*. Los Qatos and Principal
Way Statlont {VlOl*.
3:30p Sin .li.ia »n.l Principal Wst Stations Ki3*t*
«::n»p San J<»e ami WaySUtiona ?¦:«»4
qlli43r San J«>a«an<l War Wtatlmia Tl3Or
A for Mnmtnf. 1" frr A Itatnoon.
t Hiitiriar •xr«i>u>d I 3uud»y only. .
g Mondays, WedaMi!»y», rrtdaji.
c Tu*fdtx«, Thundiya, nandixs. '[
o HaMtriiftV "nl»
CALIFORNIA N0RTBVE5TEH5 ELCa .
IjESSEHQ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
San Francisco to Ban Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:15. 3:«>.
6:lfi, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:20
P. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30. 11:CO a. m.; 1M. S.iO.
5:00. 4:20 rt.m.- . . .
Jian liaiaal to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS- 6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and t:V» p. m. .
StTXDATS— 8:10. 8:40^ U:10 a. m.; 1:49. J:40.
6:05, €:K > m.
Between San' Francisco and Schuetsea Park.
tame schedule es above.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv*
San Franclsca IXov. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
W«k I Bun- I I Sun- I 'Wesk
Days. I flays. | Deitlnatlon. | daya. I Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 am
2:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm B:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:23 pm
Fclton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton,
G^yaervllle.
8:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:23 pm
7:30 ami ~~j Hopland j j
| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:12 pm
7:30 am ! 10:23 am
8:00 a— Gucrnevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am S:00am Scnoma * 1:15 am 1:10 am
• and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 8:2} pm
7:30* ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am'10:23 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
gtagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WMt
Sprintrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Sprin«ra: at
Geyservtlle for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprinjr", Highland Sprinj— , Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs; at Cktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter V»!le/,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullrllle, Orr*s Hot Sprint*.
Mendoclno City. Tort Brag*. VTestport. Usal.
W'llletts, Laytonville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
. duced rates. -
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rite*.
Ticket office, CO Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. ' * "' ¦ - - R. X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
- . pen. Manayr.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Via Stuialito Ferry— Fool ot Market St. °
iv. un man. . ' • - u,i>»~>«. '
9:15 a. H.) U'FFTv n\YS IrfJOF.M.
1:45 p. M. J.--— - WEEK DAYS _, 8:23 TU
¦4:00 p. ir.) StayoTerniffbtattheTATXxuT llO:~ a.m.
S^Oa-m.^. I 1:00 r.Ji.
io oa V. m.i qrvr>4Y=» sIcop.m.
11:S0a.m. f SUNDAYS 4:23p.m.
1:13p.m.) I 8:UMi.
lare. S.in Franciwa to Summit and Ritnrn. 1 1.40.
Ticket Offlces. 621 Market St,. A Sansallto Ferrr.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary;
629 KEAnXT ST. Established
In 1A34 for the treatment nf I'rtvatn
Oiiwases. I/Mt Mannood. Debility nr
¦liwasp wearinr nn body anil mind ami
Skin Discuses. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. I'hargrs low.
('urn ennrunlrrd. Cull or writ*.
| l»r. J. Jt. ttlDBOM, »xn Francisco. CaJL
MAKES HER
MARK
ON THE MAP. . . .
SAN FRANCISCO
TO CHICAGO IN 75
ON THE
SANTA FE......
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED '
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
AT 9 A.M. EVERY DAY
nEAI, ESTATE COIXTRY — For Sale
FOR sale In Contra Costa County— 90 acre*:
an attractive country home, highly Improved
and productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house. 6 rooms and bath:
small house for workmen and two fine barns;
out buildings; there are 4SU0 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears. ix>aches. apricots, orange, quince, per-
Fimir.ons. plums, apples, olive ami fig: trees
*-lcht years old and In full bearing; abund-
ance of shade trees.
There Hre several natural springs, also wsu
and tank of 10.000 gallons, which supplies
house and grounds: also a live creek. It is
situated net far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms. J5000 cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for 3 years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept pood clt/
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery ft., city.
A GOOD general farm. 150 acre*; 35 cultivated;
balance 'wooded hill pasturage; fenced: liv-
ing stream: well: family orchard; residence,
barn, etc.: 3'i milpn from two railroad sta-
tions; Sonoma County: $3500.
ONLY $1100.
10 acres, bordering living stream: richest
level alluvial and rolling land; 160 bearing
trees; 5-room residence, barn, well, etc.; only
one mile from Xapa.
REMEMBER I'm accurately acquainted, with
more country property for sale and exchange
than all other agents in San Francisco; 3000
ranches on my list. State what's wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains.
H. D. EICKKLS, the Land Agent,
6 Geary st., San Francisco.
AT a bnrgaln— For sale or for rent, level 4H
ecrts near Pan Mateo. Inquire at !07 Church
St.. near Market, at 6 p. m.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargatps.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market, near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
I have a long li»t of city and country prop-
erty for sal* and exchange. Please call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
unit K ELE Y REAL ESTATE.
jijiyi— NEW 5-room cottage: large bathroom; on
sunny side of street; 2 blocks to cars; fine
neighborhood; only $100 cash; balance $13 per
month. W. C. MORAN. ¦
JJOOO— NEW E-room cottage; porcelain bath;
tiled sink; stationary tubs; this place will
rent for 113 per month; only one block to sta-
tion and electric car*; $100 cash, balance J20
per month: for one week only. W. C.
MORAN. Lorln Station. Derkeley.
J1C00— MOST desirable lot on Union st; half-
block of college.
JIoOO— 50-foot lot on Bancroft way, east of
Shattuck ave.
SSOO-Flne, sightly lot. 50x125; within 2 blocks
cf the college grounds; a snap for cash; grand
view.
J5000 — See this up-to-date home of 8 rooms;
street Improved; large lot; facing south.
MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley, Cal. •
FRU1TYAIE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAL.E REAL ESTATE.
13500— S-ROOM house with latest Improve-
ments, including electric lights; lot 00x165; a
bargain: beautiful view.
$2500 — 6-room house; all modern Improve-
ments: corner lot, 50x150; In beautiful Fruit-
vale: terms easy. Call or address A. R. PE-
TERSOX & CO.. 478 Tenth St.. Oakland.
FRU1TVALE PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE
NEW 6-room cottage: corner; $2000; little cash;*
clear trade and mortgage will handle; this
week only. E. L. RICHARDS. Dlmond. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2200— ONLY $300 cash, balance easy; new
bungalow cottage 5 rooms, porcelain bath and
latest in everything: cute and cozy; near
broad-gauge: close to cars, school and buM-
ne»<s centers; would cost JSOOO to duplicate.
J. H. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J16P0 FOR a $3000 almost new 6-room cottage
in East Berkeley, at Dwight station; sunny
and A No. 1 neighborhood; 2 blocks from
f tat lor; stone walks and complete-
owner non-reei»lent ; has instructed me to sell |
almost without reserve; easy terms If de-
sired. J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
jiooo-ORIGIXALLY told for $2000; cottage S
rooms and bath; Mgh basement: 3 blocks
from local station, public school: street work
complete; term* if desired; this la a r>osltUe
bargain and must be sold. J. S. MYERS &
CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$400 CASH. $7 50 monthly till paid for; price all
told tlOOC; cottage of S rooms and bath; large
barn: chicken house and run; fruit trees and
Ehrubbery; a nice, cory home in the right
epot, being healthful: 2 fine lots, 100 feet deep;
picket fer.ee; city water and sewer; near a
model Echoolhouse and electric cars; nice
neighborhood; sandy loam coll; view some-
thing grand: away from cold winds and fog;
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular for cheap lots or acreage. 455 Seventh
ft., Oakland. Brosdway ttation; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLA.XD HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT— Cottage 6 rooms, bath, barn.
chlckf-n house, etc. 1426 East Eleventh st.
OAKLAXD ROOMS.
TABLE unexcelled; rooms par excellent; pri-
vate family. E14 22d St.. Oakland; close In.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEl'I.VG.
BARTLETT, 414—3 tunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; sink and bath.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished: J7.
L'DDY. 839—2 large connecting housekeeping
rooms; newly papered; private residence; no
children.
ELLIS. «21— Suite 3 rcoms, (18; 2 rooms J12; 1
front room SIC; complete for housekpg; sunny.
FELL. 255— Furnished rooms for housekeeping.
GEARY, Sftl — Two and three rooms; housekeep-
ing; gas range; running water.
HYDE. 403 — Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping: no children; $25.
JACKSON. 920. near Mason — Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping rooms, (7 to IS.
LARK I N. 716— Suite of furnished front house-
keeping rooms, $11; ringle room. $5-
LINDEN ave., 316. near Gough— Large, gunny
furnished room for light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 821— Upper part house, 3 rooms
and alcove; unfurnished; no children; $18.
MISSION. 1427B— Sunny furnished room for
housekeeping; bath.
O'FARRELL. t!l— Sunny flat of 3 housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; reasonable.
POINT LOB08 ave., 2120— 2' and 3 sunny fur-,
nlshed housckpg roonr ; tlO, 112: no children.
POWELL. 113 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping: no children: rent 114.
SEVENTH. 17S-Large. cheerful furnished
housekeeping rooms; large yard; stationary
tank: reasonable. . . .
STOCKTON, €07— Elegantly furnlched floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
THIRTEENTH.* 1S9. corner Howard— Alcove
suite and kitchen, complete for hsekpg: US.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfarn.
>RGYLE. The, McAllister 6t.. corner Larkln—
Just opened: everything new and modern:
two and four room suites, with or without
baths- all outside, sunny rooms: inspection
Is now invited day or evening; references.
BOOMS Z1Z. TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments. Houaekeepl.if. fur-
nlfhed. unfurnished, with or without board.
finest in city, see ELDER-ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st. lei. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms r.Cc up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, H8 Blxth-Rooms
25= to $1 per night; Jl 25 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping; qi>en all night. L
BURNETT. 14C6 Market <old No. ' 1364)— Fur-
nlfhed rms.. tulles, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. ZZ,\i— Double rooms, week, 11 &0 to $3;
elngle. |1 to tl to; night. 25c to $1.
CALIFORNIA, 1423H— Unfurnished front and
back parlor, with gas and bath.
CLAY. WJ1. near Flllm<ir<»— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; nice conveniences; renr; rent tT.
CLEMENTINA. 434%. :iear Sixth— Lanr* far-
n'shed room In private family: 53 month.
GUEHRERO. 1154. niar Twenty-fourth— Fur-
nished eutiDy front roum and kitchen, }12.
tpry, by electric funeral car at. 1:30 -o'clock
from Twenty-fourth and- Guerrero streets. .
BOLLET— In - this city. March 11. 190ii Wil-
liam A., beloved husband of Rose Bolley, a,
native of Ohio, aged 40 years. ,
BURRIS— In this city. March 10. 1901.- William
Burrls. a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
COBURN— In ' the City and County Hospital.
March 10. 1&01. Sarah Ooburn, a native of
Louisiana, aged 65 years.
CONRAD— In Livermore. March 6. 1901. Car-
llone E. Conrad, beloved sister of Mrs. S.
Sands and Walter M.. John J. and George
; H. Ccrdr.
FISHER— In this city, March ill. 1901. Carllss.
beloved daughter of Homer and Cora Fisher.
a native of California, aged 1 year 6 months
. and lOdays. !
OAOAN— In Oakland, March 10. 1901, at her
residence, 1204 ' Twelfth street. Mary Jane
Gngan, a native of Woonsocket. R. I., aged
65 yenrs. (Mapgachusetts and Rhode Island
papers please copy.) ; ¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),' at 10 o'clock, from St. . Charles
Borromeo'8 Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a requlehi' high mass
will be celebrate for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy, Cross Cemetery.
GERICHTEN- In Oakland, March 9, 1901, Mrs.
Josenhlne E. von Gerlchten. beloved mother
, of Fred G., Ernest A. and George P. von
Gerlchten and Mrs. W-H. Lange. and sister
of Mis. Paul Friedhofer. • a native of Man-
. helm, Germany, aged 61 years 8 months and
1 day. - v. ¦. i ' ¦ k ¦ .
S3 1 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence "of her daughter. Mrs. ' W. H. Lange.
• 12«2 Eighth street. Oakland. Cremation at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 3:30 o'clock this
•lay Tuesday).
GREENE— In this city, March 11, 1901. Fran-
cis H., dearly beloved and only child of
Thomas F.' and Gertrude Greene, a native of
' San Francisco, aged 1 month and 2 days.
HANSKN-In this city. March 10. 1901. Thomas
G., beloved husband of the late Fredericka
Hansen. and beloved father of Grace Hansen,
a native of Sonderburg, Germany, aged 41
years and .1 month. (San Diego and Colo-
redo papers please copy.) ! ..,
ETFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock; from the Mortuary
Chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission- street, npar Twenty-first.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. ?!
HAWKETT— In Oskland. March 11, 1901. at
570 Thirty-first street, William O. Hawkeit.
a nntive of California,' aged 44 years 11
months and 16 days. A member of Alcatraz ;
Lodge No. 244, F. and A.M.; Unity Chap- I
ter No. 64, O. E. S.; Athens Parlor No. i
193. N. S. G. W.: Athens Camp No. 436,
Woodmen cf the Woiil, and Occidental
Lodge No. fi, A. O. U. W.
HENDRIE— In the City and County Hospital,
March 11, 1901, William A. Hendrle, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged S2 years.
HENDRIE— In this city, March 11. 1501. Wil-
l'am Hendrie. beloved husband of Mattie V.
Hendrle. a former resident of White Pine
County, State of Nevada, a native of Ohio,
aced £3 . years.
MILES— In this' city, March 10, 1901. John,
beloved husband of Fredericka Miles, and
father of Frederick John Miles, a native of
Russia. .%,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. ,
OSBORN-In this city, March 10, 1901. Carrie
K., wife of W. B. Osborn, a native
of Marysville, Cal., aged 37 years 5 months
and 5 days. (Sacramento and Marysville
papers please copy.) •
ty Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the chapel at Odd
. Fellows' Cemetery.
SMYTH— In this city, March 10. 1901. Eliza
Smyth, beloved aunt of Mr. Samuel and Miss
Elizabeth Smyth, Mrs. Catherine McElhat-
ton, Mrs. Agnes Barnes, Mrs. Eliza McBrlde,
Mrs. Isabello McKlllop. Mrs. Maria Dallas,
and Mr. William S. Dallas.
ICT Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (TuesdayT* at 1
o'clock, from her late residence. 43 Merritt
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
THOELKE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 11, 1901, Richard Thoelke, a native of
Germany, ased 4S years.
WHITE— In 'this city. March 10. 1901. Charles
. White, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
25 yea rs.
Efy Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. In con-
junction with those, of .James R. (Dick) White
and Charles Young, this day (Tuesday),, at
1:20 o'clock, frdm the funeral "parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Brother
unionists, plecse take notice. Interment Lau-
rel'Hlll Cemetery. •
WHITE— In this city, March 10. 1901. Jame*
R. (Dick) White, a native, of Sussex. Eng-
land. Bffed 26 years.
IGTFriends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral, In con-
junction' With those of Charles Young and
Charles White, this day ¦ (Tuesday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter &
White, 122. Eddy street. Brother unionists,
please ¦ take notice. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. |
YOUNG-In this city, March 10. 1901. Charles
Young, brother of G. F. and W. H. Young, a
native of California, aged 26 years.
-«tr [CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral, in con-
junction with those of James R.' (Dick) White
and Charles White, this day (Tuesday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. Brother unionist*.
please take notice. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. . ¦
HBNRY <J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 1 SO.
JAMES /VlcGHVIN
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
et.. bet. Taylor and Jones. Tel. South 578
REMEMBER 214 Eddy st. is on the risrht-
hand side of the street going from Market.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With jihy Other House.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemstery Association.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge for cremation to churcn members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families is {30.
All others 133. Expensive coffins and orna-
ments are seldom used. A niche in the Colum-
barium is a monument and saves the cost of a
]ot and Its care and stone Tvork. Send 'for cir-
cular.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
KAH.-WAT . TBAVSL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally- Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
•' Merced .. 11:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•' Fresno .. 2:20 p t:33 p 3:03 a
" Hanford 4:22 p J:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p S:C5 a ¦
" Bksfleld 8:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a. ........
" Kan. Cty 2:4i a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:1S p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train ts the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Baiters field for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
' responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:CO p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. rn. dally.
7:20 a. m. 1« Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land. ' '
¦ • . *
ICHICACO I
in LESS ' Ao "
THREE DAYS
San Francisco ' At 10 A. Iff,
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
J"\OU~BLE Dravtng-T(oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking arid Library
•*~^ Cars, with barb/r. Di-ing Cars—'
meats a It carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Sirvice and Ptrsonjlh Conducted Ex-
cursions tvtry teeek from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The best of evervthing.
n. R. RITCMIB
617 Market St. General Agent Paeljle Cbast
¦¦ Pilacc Hotel SAX FRAA"CT*OO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SAutaliU F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL."
WEEK E>AYS-«:S5. •Siis. 11:00 a. in., n:45.
3:13. 4:00. 5:13. •6:15, 6:40 p. m.
n^CTRA T1UPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays and Satur-
days At »:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00. •10:00. *ll:30 a. m... 1:15.
3:15. *4:45, 6:30. &:0O p. m. - . .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAN'CISCO.
WEEK ¦ DAY8-6:». 16:30. 7:43. . »:30 a, m.
•12:30, 1:43. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 d. m.- ¦ - ,.'
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays. .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at (:4S and 10:20 p. m. . -
SUNDAYS— 6:20. 'S.-OO. »10:00. -•11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *l:Xi, 4:43, »6:30 p. m. .. - - '. . .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a.m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 6:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays. at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 1:13, 1:30.
5:00. CMS p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
• 6:S5 a. rn. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
'-1:43 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. *• '.; .^ss'SMf^towsfc'^s^a
8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.A. L. Thomas Is also the president of
the Sterling Remedy Company, which
does an enormous business, the sales of
Cascarets. one of Its remedies, amounting
to more than 1,000.000 boxes a year.
Mr. Thomas Is here for a much-needed
rest, and will remain in San Francisco for
some time.
numbers of the rich men of the "Windy
City" are closely watching the discover
ies, and will, no doubt, send agents out
here to investigate the oil lands.
The Lord & Thomas Advertising Com
pany of Chicago Is one of the largest
agencies of its kind in the world. The
firm handles all the advertising of the
Armour Company, the Annheuser-Busch
Company and the Michigan Stove'Com
pany.
A MYSTERIOUS "TRAGEDY"
THAT BROUGHT A CROP OF
SHERLOCK HOLMES'.
PARTRIDGE CONSOLIDATES SUITS— In
order to avoid "a multiplicity of actions'* and
adjudicate . all Issues In one trial, the several
suits heretofore filed by Allen R. Partridge
ajrainst Frank M. Pajre. George w. Baker,
Lillian B. Page, the Vulcan Smelting and Re
fining Company and others were dismissed In
Judge Feawell's court yesterday and a single
suit, containing all matters In dispute, was
substituted. The trial of this case will be
before Judge Seawell. . ,^. . .
The Chinese lottery dealers have fonniJ
a way to circumvent the police by dating
their tickets a month back so that they
could successfully plead In court that tha
tickets were old. As a resul: several Chi
nese arrested by Lieutenant Price and
squad had their cases dismissed in Judyo
Cabaniss' court yesterday on that ground.
J. B. Brown, a musician in the United
States ravy, was fined $20 by Judge Fritz
yesterday for visiting a lottery place, and
Sam Slaughter, a teamster, was fined $10
fcr having lottery tickets In his posses
sion. Two Chinese were fined $10 each for
aiding and abetting: a lottery- A number
of cases in the other courts were con
tinued.
Lottery Cases Heard.
My stable was burned on March 19 at
2 a.m. and at 3 p. m. on March U my loss
was satisfactorily adjusted and I was pre
sented with a check for tne amount by
the Aetna Insurance Company of 514 Cali
fornia street.
Respectfully,
A. N. GRANT.
• 20 Golden Gate aveo.ua.
To Whom It May Concern.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow ren
dered a decision yesterday In the matter
of the application of Receiver "William
Chapman In the case of the Atlantic Trust
Company vs. tho "Woodbrldge Canal Com
pany to compel the complainant to pay
the deficiency Judgment for the costs in
the case. The property was appraised at
$250,000. but when sold under order of the
court realized only $21,000 cash.
The deficiency, which the complainant
was asked to pay. amounts to about $20,
000. Judge Morrow denied the motion on
the srround that it was made after tha
final decree had been rendered. He said
that If the matter had been called to his
attention earlier In the case he might have
required security for the costa or a suffi
cient sum in cash to have covered them.
PROPERTY IS INSUFFICIENT
TO PAY COSTS AT LAW
"Woodbridge Canal Assets Not Suffi
cient to Gild Its Progress
Through th* Court
Harry was more unfortunate. One blow
penetrated his left lung. Inflicting a dan
gerous wound. He received two more in
the left shoulder, one In the left cheek
and one in the scalp. Both brothers were
removed to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital. William Baker, after treatment,
was sufficiently recovered to go to hla
home, but Harry was detained at the hos
pital that observation might be made of
his Injuries. Later he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital at the City Hall for fur
ther treatment. His injuries are consid
ered serious.
Swanson was in no mood to comply. He
claims that one of the Baker brothers
Jumped upon him and the other followed
suit. He threw out his best bower, a
trusty Jackknlfe. William received a blow
in the neck near the carotid artery, al
most severing it. and placing him out of
the fight for a while.
Iver Swanson, a sailor, la In the City
Prison charged with assault to commit
murder and assault with a deadly weapon.
Some weeks a?o Swanson roomed in the
sailor boarding-house for which Harry
and William Baker are runners. They
met him last night on East street, be
tween Howard a.nd Folsom, and demanded
payment for back rent. ¦
Sailor Swanson Emphasizes
Refusal to Pay Bill
With Knift.
OLD BOARD BILL
CAUSES CUTTING
It was learned In the general office of
the Southern Pacific yesterday that a
change in time will take place on Thurs
day next by which three Important trains
—two local and one through— will leave an
hour earlier than at present. The morn-
Ing train for Napa, Cailstcga. Santa Rosa.
Martinez and San Ramon will go at 7
Instead cf 8 o'clock: the afternoon traJn
to Sacramento. "Woodland, Marysville
and Oroville will leave at 3 instead of 4
o'clock, and the Owl and Sunset Limited
for the South will leave at A instead of
5 o'clock. Parties likely to take any of
these trains on or after the day mentioned
should make note of this and not get left.
Missing a train Is apt to be a serious
matter.
BE CAREFUL AND
PONT GET LEFT
Important Change in Time Thursday
Next
roundings. ../
A romance In HIspano-Arcerlcan life In
volving the history of two republics was
disclosed yesterday by the Issuance of a
license to marry to Cayetone Bosquet.
aged 74, and Mercedes Sanchez, aged 48.
Lesral Impediments may yet Intervene to>
delay the marriage, but there Is a deter
mination on the part of the woman, who
for over twenty-four years has been Bos
quet's constant companion, to legalize, If
possible, her seven children, of whom ha
Is the father.
Bosquet, whose days are drawing to a
close, has had a checkered career. H©
was born in Guadalajara. Mexico. His
father was a revolutionist, and, as a
young man, he became Imbued with the
spirit of freedom and was forced to leave
his native country-
Mercedes Castro, sister of a President of
the United States of Colombia, had some*
years before • been married to a man
named Sanchez. By him she bore two
children. The union proved unhappy.
Bosquet and the woman linked their for
tunes in Panama. They came to Califor
nia, located In San Jose and seven mora
children were bcrn Into the humble home.
Bosquet, through one of the many revolu
tions which ho had Hc-ured lost "his por
tion of the family fortune. He had been
married several times before, but whether
the decrees or circumstances win permit
the marriage he now contemplates Is a
question for the jurists. Mrs. Sanchez
also suffered In the same way.
But now. in the evening of his life. Bos
quet has asked that the woman who for
nearly a quarter of a rentury has been hla
constant companion, shall be legally mads
his wife. She has procured a marriage li
cense and if legal obstacles do not Inter
vene, the marriage that will establish her
position will be solemnized.
On a cot In the humble home, at 17 Gen
eva street. Bosquet is gasping for breath
His frame Is wrecked with wrackir"
pains of asthma. Hla children cluster
round his bedside, and seek the recogni
tion the mother demands for them. A
priest has been called in and Is now
studying the peculiarities of the matri
monial adventures of the father and,
mother In the hope of finding It possible to
unite them that no taint may be Imposed
upon the offspring.
Septuagenarian by Marriag
Seeks to Atone for Early
Indiscretions.
Bomance From High life in South
era Republics Finds Ending
Amid Prosaic Sur- /
DEATHBED DESIRE
TO RIGHT WRONG
CALIFORNIA EXPLOITED
IN EASTERN MAGAZINES
Chicago Advertising Expert Says Railroads
Are Building Up Tourist Travel.
When taken at the proper time a little Jesse
Ifoore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
SWIFT CASE CONTINUEr£-The case of E.
D. Swift, lumber dealer, charged with obtain
ing money by false pretenses In supplying
plain lumber Instead of fancy lumber to the
School Department, was called in Judge Cook's
Court yesterday, but by. consent was continued
till March 2.'».
RE ARDON RETURNS HOME.— Eugene P.
R«»ardon. who was reported missing by his
relatives from 4139 Twenty-fifth street re
turned home yesterday, stating that he had
been at Folsom during the past week and was
Innocent of the anxiety of his relatives con
cerninn him.
The members of the B'nai B'ri'th ten
dered their grand president, George' Sam
uels, a sumptuous banquet and presented
him with a silver invitation card at a
downtown restaurant" Sunday night
Among the speakers the Rev. Jacob
Voorsanger. Past Grnnd Presidents L. l,
Solomons. D. S. Hirpchberg and H Gut
stadt. Grand Orator M. Frledlander
Grand Treasurer Benjamin Harris. Grand
Secretary I. J. Aschheim. Henry Kah.n
and Grand Presidcn'.. George Samuels.
The speakers touched upon the success of
the order and the rapid advances it has
made within the last few years. Notwith
standing criticism o;i the change of the
endowment policy it v.as shown that there
have been few withdrawals from the order
proper. Max Marcuse was master of
ceremonies and made the presentation.
Banqueted Their Grand President.
A social gathering which was concluded
with a banquet was held Saturday even
ing at the Palace . Hotel by the Eighth
Drvision of the Slg:na Au. ,Thls division
consists of all the alumni west of the
Rocky Mountains 'and the undergraduate
chapters at Berkeley, Stanford and the
universities of Washington and . Oregon.
A large representation was present from
each chapter in the division as well as
many alumni from the East. . . " ,
, In the afternoon a business meeting-was
held and the following officers- elected:"
President, John S. Partridge; vice presi
dent. R. E. Doeser; secretary, Walter
Rodgers. " ¦ . .
At the banquet In the evening John S.
Partridge acted as toastmaster and the
following responses were given:
George E. Crothers. ' "The Eighth Division" •
Maurice V. Samuels. "The . Kind of Men TVe
Want"; Frank V. Keesllng. "The Fraternity
and the State"; E. Myron -Wolf, "The Strenu
ous Life"; ¦ E. C. -Hammer. VThe Alumni";
Eugene Warren. "The Chapter at Stanford";
Warren Smith.' "The Fraternity and College
Athletics ; Walter Rodgers, -."Sigma Au at the
Fai" : •- H. •-' E. Flschhesls. "The Benedicts";
Hugh Webster. "The Ladles.". .
EIGHTH DIVISION SIGMA ¦•
ATJ ELECTS OFFICER3
Every Chapter in the Division Is Rep
resented and Many Eastern
Alumni Present.
Donnelly soon regained his feet, but not
before he had been badly scalded. - He
was hurried to the Receiving Hospital
where his wounds were dressed. His back
and arms are frightfullv scalded. Tho
doctors pay that Donnelly has an even
chance for life.
Henry Donnelly, an employe of • the
California Wine Association on Brannan
street, met with a serious accident yester
day afternoon while at work. He was
passing through the filtering room when
he slipped on the wet floor and fell In a
sitting position Into a tub of boiling
water.
FALLS INTO A TUB
OF BOILING WATEH
Miss Katherlne E. Oliver, who has at
tained an international reputation as an
interpreter of character, who appeared
here a year ago and grave several read-
Ing? from "The Little Minister." Is com
ing to San Francisco again. She will ap.
pear at the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Polk street^ next Friday evening, pre
senting her greatest success. "The Sky
Pilot." In this tale of the foothills of th*>
Canadian Rockies, by Ralph Connor,'
j which has had an Immense sale amori»r
book lovers, there is the largest oppor
tunity for the portrayal of the humor and
pathos of Western life. Miss Oliver's im
personation and interpretation is with
such realistic fidelity as to make the va
rious characters live and move before the
audience. Only a great author could have
written so charming a volume or created
such characters as "The Sky Pilot," as
the young missionary Is termed, and hi*
able cowboy lieutenant. "Bronco Bill"
and at the hands of Miss Oliver the char
acters shine with an even brighter lustor
The reading Is for ihe benefit of tho
church and fC large attendance is antici
pated. • ; -. • . -
Clever Character Impersonator.
The Rev. Arthur I. Brown. D. D.. of
Portland, was the guest of honor las*
evening at a reception Riven by the. Rev"
I. M. Condit at the Chinese Presbvterian
Church. 911 Stockton street. A lengthy
programme of music and speeches was
rendered and reports from the San Fran
cisco, Oakland. Alameda and San Rafael
branches of the Chinese Mission wero
read. A choir of native Chineso sane.
Dr. Brown Is the repiesentative chosen
by the Board of Missions to visit and're
port on the work done in various branches
of the foreign mission work. After leav
ing here he will visit the Orient. In hi*
address he told his au.litois of the incep
tion and progress of mlrsion work amonz
the Chinese in America and spoko enthu
siastically of its results. Other addresses
were made by Yrke Lon. Ng Poon Chew.
Dr. Condit. t>r. B. C. Atterbury. Leung
Lay and Louis Fon. The Rev. E. H. A very
D. D., delivered a prayer. '
Entertained at Chinese Pres
byterian Church.
The Rev. Arthur Brown of Portland
RECEPTION TO NOTED
MISSION INSPECTOR
Through the courageous action of Willie
Maloney, a 14-year-old lad, Mrs. Annie
Valentine of 100 Sickles avenue, at Ocean
View, owes the preservation of her life.
Both were In the sitting room of her home
shortly after 9 o'clock last night, when a
lamp on the table exploded, the burning
fluid spreading over her person.
Young Maloney grabbed a rug. threw it
over the woman and extinguished the
blaze, while some one, attracted by the
commotion, turned in an alarm. The fire
was • extinguished without trouble and
but slight damage. Mrs. Valentine was
burned about the face and hands but
needed only the application of home'rem
edies to alleviate her sufferings.
BRAVE BOY SAVES
WOMAN FROM DEATH
.
Throws a Rug Over Her While Blaz
ing Oil Is Burning Her Face
and Hands.
STUDY OF SHAKESPEARE
SUGGESTED TO TEACHEBS
Address Delivered by Ex-State Su
perintendent of Schools Brown
of Washington.
Frank J. Brown. ex-State Superintend-
ent of Public Schools of Washington, de
livered an interestli-fj address before the
Teachers' Club last night on the subject,
"From School to Stage and Return." The
address was principally devoted to the
Small Blaze Causes PhotogTaph Gal
lery Employes and Others to
Rush to Street.
A bunch of blazing grease-soaked rags
at the bottom of the elevator shaft at
the Market-street entrance of the Phelan
building caused a wild stampede of the
building's occupant* to the street shortly
before noon yeuteraay. A lighted candle
in the hands of an electrician repairing
the running gear of the elevator caused
the blaze, and' somebody seeing smoke !n
Jhe elevator shaft shouted fire.
' In a minute girls and young men em
ployed in Thors' Photograph gallery on
the top floor joined employes of other of
fices in a rush to the street. In the mean
time the Fire Department had responded
to a still alarm and a line of hose run into
the cellar put out the already dying fire
and damaged the stock of C. Muller. the
optician', at 824 Market street to the extent
of a fev." dollars.
OCCUPANTS OF tfHELAN
BUILDING STAMPEDE
study of the works of Shakespeare.
"The majority of. teachers," said Mr.
Brown, "overlook the value of Shakes
peare and spend their time on books of
less worth." The speaker then quoted
from several plays to prove that Shakes
peare understood the value of studies:
that he ridiculed the pedantic student and
teacher; that he condemned puritanic or
morbid stoicism and believed that the best
mental work could be done only when
conducted with pleasure and interest.
•The entire play of 'The Tempest,' "
said the speaker, •'ttaches the power of
knowledge over ignorance. The play of
Hamlet' is a wonderful exhibition of the
weakness of intellect when exaggerated
Introspection prevent., the will power from
action. -\\ e are in ignorance of Shakes
peare s personal life and history; he has
tJnrrPZ, uu" U °l d ° We fllld anV bOOk »
1 h J s library, but in his plays we find
the pedagogical lessons of sympathy, in
terest, humility love for children and the
\alue of animal spirits and impulses In
developing the mind with accompanying
pleasure. ",.-*,.>,"
A bill which will throw out of court
many N heavy ! damage suits, pending
against the Southern Pacific Company, is
now before the Senate at Sacramento
and Is likely to become a law.
Assemblyman Savage on February 25
introduced the bill, which seeks to amend
section 490 of the Civil Code, relating to
railroads and fares.
On the face of it, Assemblyman Say
age's bill does not seem to be of vital
Importance, but should It become a law
it will effectually dispose of more th:in
$1 000.000 worth of damage suits, upon
which the Supreme Court is expected to
soon render a decision.
The present law provides that a rail
road company must furnish a ticket be
tween designated points when the fare
is tendered and must supply the accom
•modation called for on the ticket. The
company must give the holder of the
ticket the trip called for at any time
within six months and falling to do so.
is liable in damages to the holder of the
ticket in the sum of $200
For many years Dr. W. H. Robinson
of Alameda has been fighting the com
pany under this law and has a number
of suits against it. the damages sued for
aggregating more than $1,000,000.
The joker in the bill introduced by As
semblyman Savage is that it seeks to
amend the present section of the Civil
Code by providing that the railroad com
pany which refuses to carry a passenger
on a ticket within six months of its pur
chase shall pay to the purchaser so re
fusd all "actual damages caused thereby,
with reasonable counsel fees expended in
recovering same." ...
The bill was rushed through the Assem
bly last week and sent to the Senate,
where it was read for the first time. Yes
terday It was given -a second reading.
Senator Taylor sought to amend the bill
so that it would not apply to suits- now
pending in the courts, but the amendment
was snowed under. • ' • -'
If the bill becomes a law, there will be
no penalty provided for the refusal, of a
railroad to carry a passenger on a pur
chased/ticket. ... '""; „
The company can designate Its own
time as to when the passenger must trav
el, even though it advertises trains to
travel according, to schedule. The pas
senger must prove that he has actually
sustained damages by failure of the rail
road company to carry him to his destlna-
U Dr Robinson went to Sacramento yes
terday and will use every means Possible
to prevent the final passage of the billfi
by the Senate. If it is given a third read
ing Dr. Robinson will appeal, to the Gov
ernor to refuse -to sign the measure.
Measure Is Rushed Through
to Quash Suits Against
the S. P. Company,
JOKER IS FOUND
IN RAILROAD BILL
Mr. Thomas says that It is Impossible
to pick up an Eastern magazine of any
prominence that does not carry one or
two pages of advertisements placed there
by railroad companies, drawing the read
er's attention to the benefits to be derived
from a winter «-pent in California.
The great oil discoveries in California
are also attracting a great deal of atten
tion In the East, says Mr. Thomas, and
IF PRINTERS* ink is of any value,
then California should be rolling In
wealth from tourists' trade," said A.
L. Thomas of the firm of Lord &
Thomas, advertising experts of Chi
cago, who is ct present staying at the
Palace Hotel.
The Anderson party, which will remain
here several days, is at present occupying
rooms at the Palace.
Mr. Anderson is the son of the late Gen
eral Nicholas Anderson, and has served
as an attache of the United States em
bassies at Rome and at the Court of St.
James.
Larz Anderson, accompanied by his wife
and a few intimate friends, arrived yes
terday from New York in a private car.
Mrs. Anderson, who was formerly M!s3
Isabelle Perkins of Boston, fell heir a few
years ago to Jl'.OOO.WG. left her by her
grandfather, the late W. F. Wold of Bos
ton. The Andersons weie married in 13'J7.
$17,000,000 by Death of Her
Grandfather.
Wife of the Host Recently Inherited
LARZ ANDERSON AND PARTY
ARRIVE IN PRIVATE CAR.
Nothing of the kind happened, however,
and the mystery remained as black as an
eclipse, and the more inquisitive turned
Into Nick Carters and surprised each
other prowling slouch-hatted around the
block after office hours.
Like Richard III they
Counterfeited deep tragedians.
Spoke and locked back and peered on every
cide.
Trembled and started at a wagging straw.
Intending deep suspicion.
This state of affairs naturally engen
dered a chilly atmosphere. So cold it
grew that the Ice trust might have viewed
It as a productive region. But now tfca
murder is out. and the entente cordialo Is
restored, for the only thing murdereu on
Sfi»°ral of the neighbors spent all th3
next day at their windows watching vig
ilantly for the doctor's carriage to drive
up to the house across the way or ex
pecting, with a luxurious shudder at the
thought, to see the Morgue wagon rattle
up the street, gaping for its ghastly bur
den.
THE blocks In the neighborhood of
a bachelors' apartment house at
Sutter and Taylor streets are in
habited by a sociable set of folks,
but a few <iays ago a mystery
threatened to disrupt the amicable rela
tions hitherto existing and cast the
shadow of a crime over their hitherto
sunny lives. The wila appealing rattle of
an alarm bell frightli'g the midnight air
followed by shots and then solid silence
again. That was all. but to any self
respecting novel reader, and they are not
above novels in that neighborhood, the
thing smelt of mystery. Some told of
screams, others remarked on a queer
coughing sound which had followed the
shots. Connoisseurs in such matters pro
nounced this the deathrattle; the shots,
said they, were from the pistol of a
masked and murderous miscreant, dip
covered redhanded x?hen he encountered
and touched off a patent burslar alarm.
COURTEOUS OFFICIAL PROMOTED —
Frank T. Thompson, stenographer In the of
fice of the United States District Attorney,
has been appointed clerk in the department of
steam engineering in the naval station at Ca
vite under the civil service system at a sal
ary of JUOO per annum. Mr. Thompson will
call on the Meade on the lath of this month.
He is one of the most popular officials in the
Appraisers' building.
the corner of Sutter. and Taylor streets
a few nights ago was sleep.
Percy Williams and his friend Rlg'g re
side In the bachelors' apartment house
on that corner. "Williams' room is on the
third floor and Hlgg occupies the apart
ment directly beneath. This fact and an
alarm clock furnish the rudiments of a
practical joke which Williams esteemed
a good one to put up on Rigg. As the
last car eluded the unwary homeseeker
Williams thoughtfully lowered an alarm
clock of powerful lung capacity, attached
to a piece of string until its face looked
into Rigg"s window.
The alarm had been set. "Williams
waited. The climax came quickly. The
alarm rang out loud and clear. At the
same moment a fusillade of bullets from
a revolver wielded by Rlgg blew the rest
of the clamor and all the works to the
winds. It rained cost and springs for a
few seconds In the neighborhood. Tht-n
all was quiet.
Williams got up laj.e the next morning
and blamed his alarm clock. Rlgg said
nothing. He is a man of action. But ho
told a friend In strict confidence and now
the .people "in the neighborhood of that
boarding-house are boring their friends
with the story, and the daylight of knowl
edge has reunited doubtful neighbors.
Officer N. P. Cocney sent In the alarm
and a .moment- afterward Pryal says he
saw two men running from another direc
tion and both apprised him of the fire.
How these men knew that a conflagration
was In progress the watchman says is a
mystery to him.
He says he went upstairs to Investigate
but could find nothing. Later he detect
ed the odor of smoke and rushed from
the building fo»- the purpose of turning in
an alarm. He observed,- In passing out.
that the door was open, when it should
have been closed and locked.
James A. Pryal. the watchman in the
laundry, claims that he heard what he
believed to be footsteps in the furniture
establishment about twenty minutes be
fore the fire was discovered.
"William Bateman is the heaviest loser.
His furniture factory was entirely de
stroyed, entailing a loss of $40,000. He
was partially insured.
The loss on the buildinjr is In the neigh
borhood of $30,000. X. W. Bender, who
with G. Baclgalupi and James E. Gordon,
own the stock of the Electric Laundry,
estimates their loss at $10,000, fully cov
ered by insurance.
In 1897 the building was occupied by the
Standard Biscuit Company. On June 6 of
that year it was discovered to be on fire
and in a short time the west wall caved
In. bringing death to three firemen. Engi
neer Maholy of chemical 6 had been in
jured by a piece of falling debris. Driver
Hallinan of truck 1 and Extraman Keller,
also oLchemical 6. stood by their wounded
comrade until help could arrive.
While the. two firemen were standing
over their prostrate comrade a deafening
roar was heard, and tons of brick and tim
ber crashed to the ground, burying the
trio and killing them Instantly.
The building, which was a three-story
structure, was partially destroyed, and
when It was rebuilt it was reduced to two
stories, each of which was almost imme
diately occupied. The Electric Laundry
plant was located on the first floor and.
Bateman rented the second.
The large brick structure at 835 Folsom
street in which three brave firemen met a
horrible death beneath falling walla and
burning debris In 1897 was again the seene
of a disastrous fire early this morning. No
fatal mishaps occurred, but the Electric
Laundry and William Bateman, a manu
facturer of office and bank furniture, will
lose heavily. The origin of the fire Is a
mystery. A statement made by the watch
man of the laundry company leads to the
belief that it was the work of an Incen
diary, and the autj^ritles are making an
investigation. •¦
When the fire department responded to
the first alarm the flames were breaking
from the windows in the second story in
the rear of Bateman's establishment. A
second alarm was sounded, but the fire
gained rapid headway and the entire roof
was soon ablaze. The prompt work of
the firemen kept the fire confined to the
second floor, and the laundry property on
the first floor wasnot damaged except by
water. The inflammable character of the
stock in the furniture factory caused the
entire floor to become a mass of seething
flames for a few minutes until the tor
rents of water from tin lines of hose
quenched them. It required two hours of
hard work, however, before the last spark
had been extinguished and the fire was
tapped out.
Origin of Blaze a Mystery.
Three Firemen Killed
There in 1897.
Furniture Factory Is
Wiped Out, Laun
dry Damaged.
FIRE CAUSES
HEAVY LOSS
"Yrs. sir." responded Hodgson, "and I
told EIMncsen mat 1 iiad always stood by
and upheld mv men when charges were
made ajrainst them, but that I couldn't do
so any more — that this was the last time."
"Didn't I sav," asked Major Blakeney.
"that I always supported my men until I
found that they were wrong, and now
that I would tell eve the charges to be
true unlr-ss thev proved their innocence?"
"Yes. sir."
"Didn't I tell von that T thought I could
not restrain my.=^lf If Ellingsen made tbi"t
confession in my presence?" inquired the
Mai or.
"Yes. Fir."
"Didn't I sak you not to let me kill him
or do him great violence, or something
similar to that?" proceeded the Major,
with a bloodtnirs-ty glance at the meek
Norweginn. at the other end of the room.
"Yes. sir."
A recess was taken until 1 p. m.. to al
low the Major to cool off. and at that
hour Mark Ellingsen took the stand and
again swore that he heard no signals of
distress whatever, and that he heard only
fog whistles. He denied that he had made
a confession to Captain Hodgson or any
statement whatever at variance with that
read by Major Blakeney at the morning
Fession.
The Investigation was then declared ad
journed sine die.
The Major Asked to Be Held.
Captain Joseph Hodgson was recalled
and asked to give the distress signals as
laid down in a circular issued by the
supervising inspector of steam vessels in
1SS4. The witness replied that rule 5 pro
vided as a signal the continuous sounding
of a steam whistle or any other fog signal
apparatus.
According to the testimony of the offi
cers, crew and passengers of the Rio de
Janeiro this was the signal given by the
Rio. the valves of the steam whistles hav
ing been tied down In order that the
whistling might be continuous.
Major Blakeney then asked the witness
concerning the confession of Mark Elling
ton that he had heard the distress slg
r.als of the Rio and had not reported
them. Hodpson replied that Ellingsen had
confused that he heard the long distress
•whistle, but that Ellinpsen did not want
to call Captain Hodgson because he did
not attach any importance to the signal.
Ellingsen said to the witness: "I feel
sorry, now that I realize what it is."
Ellingsen seemed to feel very mean.
Hodgson continued; he was worried and
nervous, and went about the grounds feel
ing downcast. The witness, at the time,
did rot think that EUingsen would ever
"show up" :.cn:r..
Major Blakeney th«=n read the charges
against Ellingsfn as follows:
Gross and willful neglect of patrol duty: In
this, that Mark Ellimcsen. bring on watch at
th* lookout r^pularly detailed from 4 to 8
o'clork »- m. on Friday. February 22, h*ard
i- ¦ l- •¦-.'-¦ of iif-tress mad«" by a vessel in front
of the lookout xr\<\ failed to report the fact
to the keeper by telephone; that by reason of
hi* ri'-jrWt Ftaticn Q was not informed of the
disaster to the Pacific Mail Company's steam
er Iiir> <1e Janeiro, lavolirtag the loss of many
lives and ceuMiur a eti^tna to attach to the
Fort Point life-saving ptatlnn.
JOSEPH HODGSON.
Ellingsen in Blakeney's Office.
The witress then told in detail of the |
viFit of Ellingsen to Major Blakeney's of
fice, when Ellingsen made the following
statement:
1 »as on watch at the lookout on February
Z2 from 4 to 6 a. m. During my four hours'
¦natch I he&rd a £reat many eteam whistles
rafslr.r the lookout, both In and out. One
r**"U'.lar whittle I heard was at 5:30 a. nv.
w-h<>n I heard a whistle of about ten seconds'
duration — no longer. I didn't think it any
th!r»r out of the ordinary, as -we often hear
f-ueh whittles from the lookout. I didn't rec
ognize It as a distress fisrnal or as requiring
to be rpprrtM to the kr-erer. a* If I did so
*HrJ< I would have surrly reported it to the
keeper over the telephone.
In reply to n ouestion bv Major Blake
riey. Captain Hodcscn said that Ellingsen
was a native of Norway.
'Tan he always exprers himself in the ;
English lanfrunpe so as not to be mis
understood?" asked the Major.
"Tes. sir."
'Tpon any subject?"
"Yes. sir."
"Can h«» put the English language to-
Ccther anything like grammatically?"
"Yes. sir."
"Didn't I fav" asked Major Blakeney.
"that I hoped that Ellingsen had killed
himself, as It would save me much i
trouble if he had?"
Hodgson Tells of the Confession.
This question. In which Major Blakeney.
puperintendent of the coast life-saving
fervlce. showed the fierceness that really
lies concealed In his seemingly harmless
nature, was asked by him yesterday of
Captain Hodgson at the Major's so-called
Investigation into the neglect of the life
saving station employes to hear the Rlo's
distress s!g-naJ3. The proceedings «nded
vesterday.
Captain Hodgson testified as to the con
fession made hy Mark Ellingsen. the look
out rcan at the .'ort Point station, and
Ellingren f\rore that he had never made
any confession. Major Blakeney. in the
questions quoted In L-ie foregoing para
graph, put his indignation Into the record,
but mercifully spared the life of the stal
wnrt Norwegian sailor. The latter, by the
¦way. went back upon his statement, per
haps fearinR to meet his Maker above.
Captain George Varney of Golden Gate
Park station was Questioned in regard to
distress signals, and replied that among
other things the international code of 18S9
prescribed the continuous blowing of
steam whistles as a signal of distress.
"Didn't I tell you that I thought I could
nnt restrain myself if Ellinesen made that
confession .n my presence? Didn't I ask
you not to let me s\\\ him or do him great
violence, or something similar to that?"
"Tps, sir."
Swears He Never
Made It.
Put on Record, but He
Confession of the Lookout at Last
Asks to Be Held so That 'He
May Not Murder Mark
Ellingsen.
MAJOR BLAKENEY
IS BLOODTHIRSTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, iUARCII 12, uioi.
JOKE TURNS NEIGHBORS
INTO AMATEUR SLEUTHS
Playful Midnight Frolic With Pistol and
Alarm Clock Engenders Dark Suspicions.
A. L. THOMAS. PRESIDENT OF A BIG EASTERN ADVERTISING
AGENCY, WITH HEADQUARTERS IN CHICAGO, WHO IS VISITING
CALIFORNIA FOR A SHORT VACATION.
12
Weekly Call,$1.00.per Year
1
DEWEY.STRONG&CO.
P. SO8COE McVl'LTY, II. D.
S3}-; liearay ?St.. rian £'rancl»co. CsJ-
DR.MQNULTY:
rr»HIS WKIX-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I- Specialist eMrejntood Polaon.Uonorrbceai.Oleet,
Stricture. Semlnul Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, ht>%.
OverS>years>xp* r'eiice. Terms reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dally;«:3ntoS.30<-VB-«. Sandarn.lOto 12. Consul,
la tlon tree and sacredly coaflden UaL Call or address
cook MB ifjjf iH ttftf^-u Jr&&*&
Why Suffer From This Dreadful Disease, When
Science Has Conquered It?
Nearly one thousand permanent cures have b:en
made here in your midit Over five hundred in the city
of San Francisco alons; business msn of tne first rank,
some of whom you may know, and who for the sake of
suffering humanity are willing to bs privately in-
There is nothing: to draad; the treatment Is faultless;
no surgery, caustics, ligature or salves, and no delay
from business.
ANY CASE. NO MATTER HOW SEVERE OR OF HOW
LONG STANDING, no matter how many salves you may
hav3 tried (for they are all delusions), can be perma-
nently cured in a very short while if scientifically
treated by a skilled PHYSICIAN.
For further evidence and pait culari
Address PHYSICIAN, Box I950, Gall Office,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(Save the Number.)
Market and Tenth Street*.
L. F. WEAVER. Manster.
To prepare for this -change, we reduce price on every vehicle In a, itock amounting to
noo.oco.
AH Pneumatic Rubber Tire and Solid Rubber Tire Runabout TVagonj reduced TEX PER
CENT.
;¦ All Surreys. Phaeton*. Carriages. Basket Seat Novelties, and the entire line of new 1901
styles reduced FIFTEEN PER CENT. ¦
. „ Spring Wagons, Delivery Wagon« and Mountain Wagons reduced finttiN PTCR CENT
One hundred Vehicle*, comprlslne different styles, are reduced from TWENTY TC
THIRTY PER CENT, all being at cost of manufacture with the freight added, and man;
of.-thezn. a.t. less. than first cost.
Four hundred ¦ sets of i Harness, both Single and Double Harness, reduced TWENTT-
FIVE PER CENT.
¦-¦ Twenty nne vehicles. Including Victorias. Cabrioltta. Broughams. Four-Passenger Traps
and Coach Gear Park Wagons are reduced about FORTY PER CENT, making the prices lesi
than the original cost of manufacture.
Every vehicle we own Included In the reduction; none are except ed.
Each \-ehlcle plainly tagsred. showing old and new prices In each Instance.
An opportunity of THIS KIND to buy nne vehicles of a reliable firm has never before
been offered In this city.
STUDBBAKBR BROS. MFG. CO.,
May F*irst toy
Sf UDEBAKER BROS. CO. of California,
A Local Company With Local Management.
The San Francisco Branch of STUDEBAKZR BROS. MFG. CO. will be wecwded
STUPBBAKRtt RftOS. MEG, CQ
CHANCE OF" J=7/?Af.
i^^^^^l "VAN VROOM" ]
§ '.\"l I^X^ MARKET St» !
1; PAINLESS* DENTISTRY ! j