"They were looking wound In an aim*
less eort of way, wondering what to <1>
next. *\rhy not go to Mexico?* cccunrJ
to me and [ proposed It to the thre-s men.
War was on In Mexico: Maximilian Traa
hard at it. and I thought wo zn!sht a.1
well go in for profit and eeo what ws
could, make ont of tha thin,?.' I said:
'Let's find out which s!d» seems to b*
having the best o! It and attach our
selves to that.' and it waa a*r?*ct
"^Vhen wo got th»re w« decided that
Maximilian was playln* in luclc. Wrtm*
• pain. But w© wera ready to fljht anv
thteff, even wirdmilla. and at it wa wear,
"Recruits were, made from ocross Ota
river, the;- w» r <9 bound together Into th«
Foreign Lepion and I was grlvcn comman.J
of them. They were a x.ili lo^ Ity colo
nel waa one of the nest terrible despera
does that ever slew and robbed. I'a had
fc record of something like twenty lives
laid to his account at tha tlnia end h»'a
done better since, I reclton.
"Well, ft wasn't a very lor.r *tory. th*
conquerlrjr and shooting: of Jlaxtmillan.
I wes taken prisoner and for e:i montli*
I suffered miserably In tha eor.:lncmenr. o*
a Mexican prison. At last X waj eseortel
• cross tha Hlo Grar.de ar.fl i:?nn t>artlnsy
with me. t^9 authcrltle? 1 to'.-l n» "that if
I ever returned thera I iworuld bo shot
upon short notice. I never dl<! return,"
h* adds, with his twinkl* thVt troub'"*
ean't aulte do away with. "I always
titeucht it was Just as well not to."
teto the dm yrtr era ta» Conf»J*r*t*i
•!de. From firs* to teat he fought It va%
and watched h!s South, dear to him a*
the home of all thoa* who were his, leslns
th» ground »<he tried fo TSLhtfj to jairu
"When the final surrender came I rus<S*»
off across th* Mississippi— I nsv<?r ecr
rendered, bclnp on detached een.ic<«— and
Joined Harris, Selbv ar.d Terfy in Texas.
"I could go there, blindfolded' and pics.
out the spot this very day where I tsaw
him buried," saj's Colonel Travis. , •
After that came terrible times' for^the:
surviving filibusters. Each . morning ; for
three days, a calabash was passed
y, : .^/.= "¦••. -./¦. :: :; - "jggm
> along 'th« : lin« of ¦ them* Th« gourd cot*.''
•talnbdi» a lot "of whlt«- ; beans : and three
>-• bhick enels;'-1he HnoO'-up : filibusters drew^
¦ .lota."* Erichl-morning- for 'three" days three
'. holders * of. black' beans , were led out : to •
I ....... ; -Y,
: "l^remember a little incident of the last
of tho?© dayn.'.- There were | two brothers
in the lino and one of them was. & cripple.
¦ Tne other ,drew a black; bean, but tha
1 crippled brother made hini exchange. 'The
i white on» won't do me any.good,' ho said,
'I'm a cripple now. for life' and I'd *better
, have a black ' bean.*; It's an easy way ' to
,get rid myself.';;. \ ¦ - .
"Before the f our th. lots ,wera e,ver. drawn
¦ the authorities' interfered; and* the.' ar
irangement was' made"; to send all of us off
¦ to a United ' States pcrL'% 1\ didn't take ad
f vantage of the axrsungement, however, "ror
;thls reason. i K':-:y_\ '/:,:.-.-^ : .'-- r' '¦ •'*¦".'•':-'*,.
;. "I was getting 'pretty tired of rweeplng
, <the': = streets v for my • . captors.i^That'a
- 5 what ' they r » were ; making .* the" whole f- lot •
¦of ua do "every 'day. -^ We -wore • shackles
and we had to sweep as if tho devil was
TnrrtJi CrtttcC t» JUrtsastt sad Oasn fee
pTttctlctd law, Not that he is4 «re?
¦ttadted tt or thought oi doinff »o. aS
though his father was * lawyer*, but fc«
happened to c<e« one man shoot another
in the Informal way that was ia vogyj
in tbat country, and In a casual conver
sation ht remarked that he would bet h»
could oioar him. "Done." with th© swift
ness that things axe done in that land
and "1-00 was f fixed. One was pennitterl
then to practice law for six months be
fore being admitted to ths bar.
H» -won. Ho cleared his maa by ad
mitting the crime and bringing a sister
of the murderer and her little baby ai
witnesses. "When I brought In th» lat
ter I said, "Gentlemen. thJa child hasii'»
the power of epeech, but I ofler it as a
witness to Justify the killins".* That sei
tled it." i -^v
Travis continued to practice law as lorn*
as he stayed In Arizona, bain? admitted
to the bar. Later he Joined tho Texoa
Hangers and at last drifted to California,
broken In health, a reined soldier of far
tuns.
"I have- been Jn different parts of the
Btate working when I waa able." he say«u
*'I have done everything', from roa.l mak
ing to 41:5hwaah!r.,-T. Now I havs reach»4
the point where I can't work, and on»
thing I have to give God thanks for i.»
that Dr. McClean says I haven't muc!x
longer to live. He's been ao {."ood to me.
Dr. McClean has. He'3 treating ma all
the time, but he says bfl can't cure me—
only make it a little easier for m«. I've
managed to get along by sellin? som»
clothes, and ¦ some kind people who have
not let me know who they were have
sent me a little money. I am zs. rich as
Croesus to-day, for I have received S7.
but that won't take ms back to Tennes-»
see, where I want to go. Thero are
homes there for Confederate soldiers, au.J
If I could go ther* I could C'.n amo&<
my own people."
Then Colonel Travis opened a bureaa
drawer and displayed his neat little lar
der containing a baff ot erackars. a t*»
steeper and tea.
' "I am so rich to-day that I can hsr* *
fine dinner of crackers and Us," ht tiii.
away, with- two rambler*, one at a tlma,
and had wound. up In New Orleans. She
was' as homely as ever; there was never
any , attraction about her except her
money, which Texaa made her heir to.
Captain James Martin of Houston wa«
the first of the gamblers and ah- left him
to go with a man named Duffleld. A man
named Lee. cut Du&leld out In the end
and he made away with Babe's money
and finished her career for her."- '.
Travis' next adventures were with Gen
eral- Robert Wheat/ « With him he went
on the Sardinian expedition under Gari
baldi and although 'the fight was a win
ning one still there were no profits for
the winners. "Always I have been play
ing. In bad luck," the 'old man says. "No
profit or glory, either one."
When he returned to America he weat
tLtter'ii*. ,8o I conrrtred to g:et my snaekie
ajsart. I tied it witn a string- and when
we were out sweeping 1 on themornlns' of
our rescue ', I made ; my escape. :-:¦. I slipped
into the r shop of an old Mexican woman
and for two < days I lay -between, the mat
tresses of a bed, in her house back of the
shop. Then , I sneaked .out and got aboard
the French cor^tte Imperlale. »It carried
me to Graytown. where- I.was put-aboard
an Italian % fruit ; vessel. ; I , wound - up -. at-
New; Orleans!^whevo ¦ ¦ I found! my com
panions', of if the "j flllbuatertnj expedition.
They had arrived only ; sv short time i b*
¦ Xore me.''- - .^ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦''¦-'^'- ,¦'¦¦ v- • ¦ -¦-
: "It^waa .while I,waa staying in Ntw Or
leans-, that I ran . across my old school
mate, | Angelina .Dlckerson, the DauehUr
of Texas and Bab* of -the Alamo.' -She
had s be.cn< married, to, Brltton, ¦ had rua
stead and his body burled besld* the
castle
hundred Bad t-iihty-Sve filibusters com
piled it and made for Truxlllo. The men
knew the country v,e!l by that time, and
there seemed tve.-y likelihood that all
would go we" I. Tht-y proceeded quickly
and took both town and castle soon artei»
arriving. Afterward, while waiting for
Cuitber orders, part camped on the beach
and part in town. Then, the story la
known cf how aiong- came the British
man-of-war Bulidop, and. taking: matters
Into its own handa. demanded, the sur
render cf Walker. He finally gave In.
T:.«3er the condition that be be landed In
United States' port. His surrender was
made, but the other tide of the agreement
was never fulfilled. Walker was shot In-
to Tfx&s, In time he came, to be old
e-*.>c&1: 'o go to AsoapoUa; and fce re
ce'.vri tils' cr^clEtraent— the f.rf«t native
T«-xan to receive an appointment In tha
United .States navy. General Sara Hoat
ton. bis cusrdlaa, end Thomts A- Rusk
tot It for him.
"£arn Houston livel r romantic llf*. If
•ver there was one." he fays. "Married
en the day of his inau pi; ration, be re-
MlgneA bcih Trtf* and office that very
plgbt, leaffsg the counirj'. Ke went flown
ir.tu the ChOCt&w country end rruide what
Che tiarklfts call a hop-over-the-brooia
«Uck maxrtace v.-ith a Choctaw woman,
ar.d left Ch&ctaw children who ere Uvint;
Cov;n there now ar:d who go by the name
of Houston.
"H* iKi the place at last, weary and
Clypustcd v^lth his life, I suppose, and.
¦went to Texas. There lie led the be»t
known part oZ h'.s life, yjy father knew
him. asd he 7.-2J aftcrTrard to become my
arcartHah.**
Bomgwltere In the early fifties, while the
aroM fever sru BtflJ hJ;rb. Travis boarded
the ilecp-cf-wnr John A(ian:s ns her mld
thipir.sn nn1 crr.o to Ci;Mforuia. Here he
saw all that vss coingr on In those hu?t
i:r_5 tiines. The sloop -went to China, and
he Blonc wia it. c:.d then back to San
Prsr elf co. £he lay here a good while—
while, enough for plenty cf adventures.
A1 the time Chat Terry was in trouble she
i : bjj, opened two portholes and flred,
tecurln? Terry's release, Travis 1 resigna
tion came about al'cr he had fought a*d
t-horougriiij- licked LieutPnant Henderson
on there, in cJrfilaJ3*a cloihes. He had dla
obeyc-ti oruT? in irearins t'ncin, so he was
"TilW4 to report Tra\1s a;i<l make trouble
for Dim directly, but he did everythlne h«
could to cause his discornf.ture In petty
ari piailciou* ways.
Travis' next adventures were with
WalJier. With him h^ went fillbusterlna;
1r. the Kieara.Tua expeditions; v.-Ith him h«
n.s token and saw fcim shot
r the battl« of St. George Travis did
his first rent OehOsg. There at St. Georso
he warn a lieu tens r.t on the Ftatt of Gen
era.! HoruRby. aaU thejQe he charged alone
eg a rr..;Ir. T^erc v.-«re dark faces crcwd
l£g fLCOUnS Mas and relief was slow, but:
efUfH xo my mule." he says, " an<l
¦when I nkvr that it was no coward I didn't
ncan to«oc cr.» cither. So I just went
theail ir.d kept on clashing away with
my sword, and I didn't know much what
vas eoinc on. and I hardly realised that
I was alone; tut at last 1 began to see
thai tl}* black fallows falliu? back.
Th<»n ail of a Sttddea I realized that they
hi.«J retreated and I was alone, and I
heard voices esd knew that relief had"
corr.e srbeh it vcaca't r.eer!pd. an4 I heard
WaCocr Khoatlnc. 'Look et Travis charg
lr^gr alone en a mule* Then ba called me
?o him a»!d esya he: 'Travis, what Is
your rank? \
" 'Ueutenant fir; en the staff of Gen
era! Hornsby.' I s-ays.
*• Then you're promoted to the rank of
captain,' he says.
"Aid I baa to have my little Joke then,
¦ si have it even now and nlways will,
no matter hov.- mutli poorer I pet to be,
ec I -Kays respectfully: "Sir, I think you
shotzld promote the mule.'
[*Be Idiijrbfd thrn— the only time I ever
•aw him I^ugh, though I do say It of my
own joke." . , :, : \-
Thc Iztl of the expeditions ret out on
the fchour.t?r Eysan from Mobile. One
cf fcrtur *, xn»wi of ups and
downs, av.<1 at Ixru on the final,
down— that's Colonel Travis.
Hero of many battles winner in
Dtacy rtruerslcr. friend of big and
good men, defender of poor and wealc
men— and he's eying '.n a little 11 EO rocm
• t SIS Taylor street v hc?e rent ke«j>a Ma
en on* 13-cer.t meal a flay.
He has stories to tell*
That is fill he has— 'his *torle». He site
then day after day on the e<«ire> cf hli
bed and tolls the stories over and over,
whether anybody is there to listen or rot.
They brp-.r. riway baci !n the time of the
Alsao a.:-<i •hey come down through the
Mexican War. There isn't so rrjch a?ier
that — Cher* v-arr't •retry much left of him
to maJKf stories — a^d of 'ate he has been
on!y pz?r and tick and hungry and old,
«.n<S that is All uii!ntrre«t!r.ff. He likes
better to think Lack to the daya when old
Termess.-v? ¦was ths home cf prosperoui
Xx?opie and before ti-.e war left them
•rtracflefl.
Ke wt* uot bora Is Tennessee, although
that lb w here he wants to go home to.
becaase it l« the one-time home of fc's
father i tufl hie father'? father before Wn,
C£ic (hen ar» p«n;,» there whr» will take
care cf an old soldier, a lieutenant colcsal
Ss lb*lr n. ';.-;•.
Tex^s I* the 2r*r home he remembers.
Kls Esther had coi^e there In airly years
end ren.QC ct; some, of the land that was
being crested to rettlera In the new re
public Then flgr.tirp Fjirar.s up and the
Alamo made history of Itiejf through the
tnen who tell for It. ar.d Travis' father
was one cf thjem,
Travis pew up In the knowl^c* cf that
ts.v>. Ho outcmr sosie cf the grief but
Oor.o cf ti.<? pride. He wanted to be a eoj«
Or, too ttiid Sjjht like Ms father. Only
too Uka Ma father, alas! feted to b* on
tbe icfl: .; :nr.r-» than on the winning.
The famous "babe" of the Alamo wai
<n.«> ot bid i-cnooimatcy. JTe vraiic&ed her
on her vsr!c;i career from the time ehe
wan c&osea for the daughter of Texas
taatll fi!te drifted i^&c* them In the end,
after a lot of adventure ln~other place*,
a:. 1 :',ra".y cled In a Texas gutter.
"I don't mean the. cutter es w» gener
ally Bay." he exrl.-.'.r.s. "1 mean it Uter
t::;-:ht putter. Sl.e was picked up there
dead cne mornlnc."
Travis was rt'U a yoar.f fKlo-w when
hi* mother 'took him brick to Tenneeeee.
There he stayed upon his jrrardfather'a
piant£ii' :¦.. UEwJJJlng to leave eren whea
m. tnrnrirt narrlaee took bin mother back
Page 5 . . ywst^^^fl a^^p 5 's portiSbte-fires^ Paf@ 5
Page 6 ¦ Ho^^^4feRUTf^- HgaTfrfr -and i/Bgijtttyj -.Bifid EfoVi to ,'^t^W:.T^i8ffe ======= PaSS S
PageS-- . — ; — to Pr.^V?.nVand : .tO : MS^M^^^^= ?fS^- 8
THE ADVENTURES OF
COL. TRAVISOTC Friday evening, June 24. 1SS7. at
about 15 minute? pa«t 7 o'clock, a
lire, causing the death of eleven
miners, broke out in the "BoniiT
sha.lt" of tho Gould & Curry mni-j
on tb« Comstock lode. Virginia City. N»v.
This dreadful calamity startled the en
tire coast, .and spread a cloud of sorrow
over ICevacia. . In the darkness of tli'*
night of danger and disaster that hu;i:<
over the Comstock shone the calm, ac
rene light of the star of true generosity.
The people of the Pacific Const were nut
unmindful .cf their obligation. The large
and bountiful donations made to the fam
ilies of the unfortunate men who perished
on the 400 and 1000 foot levels of the
ralnes have attested the sympathy of Cali
fornia and Nevada and placed the be
reaved women and children beyond the
reach of poverty and physical sufOrine.
Tho origin of the fire on the l!VW-foot
level is unknown, but H Is generally sup
posed that one of the minors left a burn
ing candle sticking in the old timbers and
It fell on several boxes of giant poxfder
that hsd been stored, ngainst the express
direction of the superintendent, behind
the station on the 13'*). The giant powder
burned- it did' not explode — and caused a
oense. ' sickening black smoke that rolled
i:p ihe shaft with great fury and s-ici.
filled the hoisting works po densely that
it was impossible to see across the cngln3
room.
At the tima of the fire the 3 o'clock
Fhift, conslstinsr of twenty-four miners,
had sozm down, at the usual time, an<l
the tuen were at work in four different
places underground. The men were dis
tributed as follows, viz: six men on the
1500-foot level, eight men on the 1300. five
on the E09 and live on the 403.
John C McLean was the engineer in
rharKi" of the hoisting engine at Hie
Banner shaft and noticed .the first in
<Mcai5om= of smoke coming up tho t-haf'.
He realized In a moment that a great
calamity was impending and pave the
fire Fisrral. Every man who has lived
in a mining town, where men work under
pround. knows the significance of the
dreadful signal. "The mine is on fire."
In V!rerin!a CJty It is Riven by ten strokes
on a large bell over the hoisting works.
The moment it was given all business
v.a.s ?us;>o;ided and everybody ran to the
Bonner shaft to leurn particulars and
find whether their relatives and friends
were In darscr.
The great mass iof Mack smoke rising
straight up on the calmness of a mid
summer evening to«<i everybody tha.t the
matter was of grave importance and the
street was soon packed with anxious
wives and children of tlie miners working
underground through the Bonner shaft.
One little tot carrying a dinner pail
wailed out "I brought my papa's dinner,
but he cannot come up to gel it."
Every one — young and' old — -In Virginia
City ln»w that great danger faced the
men below. The memory of the. great
Yellow Jacket fire, with Its fearful loss
of life, still remained as a warning of
the danger incident to ths life of a
miner In the deep level*
By the daring and efficient work of
miners from the neighboring mines — all
<'f whom volunteered their services to <Jo
anything, or go anywhere— the- thirteen
mtn on the 800 and 1300 foot levels wer«
"Billy" Scadden. miner, got on the north
cag« of the Bonner shaft and tDld"John
nle" McLain. ihe engineer, to lower them,
to the 1500-foot level to rescue the six
men who" were working there.' Atrthe
time these two men stepped on the cage
the black smoke was rolling out of the
mouth of | the shaft and when they told
"Johnnie" to "drop her fast" in that- dark
place it looked like suicide. Don't you
know that men that could do that must
have hearts of oak arid* nerves of "steel?
Well, they went down that shaft' and it
was three to one they never would come
back. "Larry"" told me that t after they
got below the lights of the 1300-foot level
the cage suddenly shot down into a blaze
of fire. As he expressed It.. "It, was one
blaze of many-colored lights." | He kn£w
that in a moment more the shaft .would
be burnt and the cage would not stay in
the> guides. The shaft was one mass- of
fire. Quick as thought "Larry" -jumped
for the bell rope and tri<!d>to. stop the
cage.' After a few. efforts he gave the sig
nal and stopped in . a . circle of fire. . He
rang the : signal * to hoist to the '< 1300-foot
level where seven men lay ; on the J floor
of the station, guessing whether life or
death was to be their fate. • They knew
the chances were against them— that a
single error was fatal. If "Larry" lost
hlR nerve and gave the wrong, signal! If
Johnnie got rattled and misunderstood it!
Or if either, or both, got so frightened
that they knew not what to do! Would
"Larry" signal for the surface, and leave
the men on the 1300 to their fate when
Belf preservation whispered. "It is death
to stop! Save yourself while there Is yet
lime!" Or if the red demon of fire should
swallow up the cage before It made the
turn! The boys on the 1300 had discov
ered the tire and were waitlns for the
cage. They were crawling like snakes on
the station floor, nearly suffocated by the
heat and smoke* -
In a moment they all got on board the
cage and were hoisted with" lightning
epeed to the surface, where, a new terror
awaited. "Johnnie" had pulled the throt
tle of his engine wide open and the cage
was flying upward with frightful speed.
McLaln knew that nine fainting men were
on the cage and that the angel of death
was in hot 'pursuit, and he dared not
slow down. The, smoke In the hoisting
works had grown so dense that "'John
nie" could not «ee three feet in front of
him. - The Indicator, showing the posi
tion of the cage, was totally obscured by
the thick, sickening smoke that rolled out
of the shaft. The alarm bell, showing
that the cage is within 200 feet of the
surface, is rung. In ten seconds more ths
never came. No mining man within hear
ing distance of that bell could mistake
the terrible significance of the eiznt
signal*. "Send down the cage to the UX>
foot level.' 1 How it wrung the hearts or
them who heard It. Every one knew tne
men wire In their living tomb and tnw
was a message from the dead.
A few mining men of Nevada Block ad
mirlr.fr the distinguished bravery of Lor
enzo rinaelia. John tV McLean and I W 11
lUm iikaddrn. caused three magnificent
gold m.iiais to. be struck off in commemo
ration of their heroism on the tvening of
Jure "I tSEl The medals were presented
to these' three men at the TVashoe Club on
the evening of Wednesday July 27. with
this plain request: "It in thewi?h of the
rtonors gentlemen, that you should always
keep th»-j*e medals In memory of the Judg
ment thiit the history of the Comstock
does this day record in your favor: 'In
the hour of danger ye were tried In the
balance and not found wanting:.* "
The medals were made of solid gold and
were beautifully engraved at the factory
of Adolph Hlrschman. San Francisco. In,
size the medal* are larger than the old.'W
time "$o0 slujr," but are round. They areT
alike, except the names. The Inscription*
read: "Presented to (name) for distin
guished bravery at the Gould & Curry
fire. June 24. 1S87": and on the reversa Is
inscribed: "To rave the lives of others
he imperiled hla own." "The god* lov«
a brave man." \
•rescued within a short time. The eleven
men on the 400 and 1500 foot levels perish
ed. ¦ The five men on the 493 were killed.
within thirty minutes alter the fire Btart
*4. The fiinoke from the burning giart
powdor filled the drifts on the- 400, anl
spphs-xlated them. Their names were:
R. C. Bruce. C. W. Carpenter. J. Trounce,
Joncey Morgan and Andrew Bean.
The Fix men on the YM level lived for
at least three or four days — the signal
taps on the air pipe demonstrated this —
and then they perished by starvation,
heat and bad ventilation and the gas
from the smothered fire in the old tim
l>ers. The names of these six miners "were
Edward Gaffney. .Martin Tregallls, John
Kennedy, P. Eddy. Charles Dougherty
end Foss Hamilton. Their bodies were
brought to the surface on the morning of
July 11, seventeen days after the fire.
When word reached the crowd of excit
ed citizens in front cf the hoisting works
that- "all the men on the 400 are dead" a
wall of sorrow went up that was pitiful.
Andrew Bean was a great favorite in
Virginia City, and the arrival of his wife
and eight children at the tide -of the
stretcher on which his remains were
btoosbt to the hoisting works created a
profound sensation, for their Brief was
uppallins-
1 he five imprisoned miners on the 800
level v.ere rescued by a party of men,
who came to them through an old shaft.
These miners Jiad caved their lives by
making openings -in the air pipe and
breathing the pure air that was forced
from the surface down the air pipe by
the air compressor.
The rescue of the miners on the S00
level left two pangs in the mine— one of
eeven men ©ustbe 1300 level and the other
of bIx miners on- the 15M level.,
The rescue of the men on the 1200 level
by Lorenzo Pinaglla and William Scad
den and the passing of the six men on
the 1500 , level Is graphically described' In,
the remarks of George R. Wells In re
sponse ta the toast, "Reminiscences of
the Comstock," at tho souvenir dinner In
celebration of the Introduction of electrio
power on the Comstock ledge, on Satur
day evening. October 20, 1900:
"Mr. Toastmaster and Gentlemen: The
Comstock ledge has played its part in
history, and it will yet make history. It
has had its share of joy and sorrow and
rejoicing and misery. It has been the
theater of noble action and 'true friend
ship, and then It has been the scena.of
treachery and duplicity. Some things
have occurred on this great lode that
make a man feel proud of his fellow man.
The bravery and loyal devotion of miners
to their Imperiled brothers is deserving
of more than a mere passing recognition.
I will briefly refer to one circumstance
that to-day is as fresh in my memory as
it was thirteen years ago, and It makes
my blood tingle whenever 1 recall it.
"Do you remember that sad day, Fri
day, June 24, 18S7, when the fire In the
Bonner shaft of 1 the Gould & Curry took
place? Do you remember that night of
horror and the burden of sorrow that it
brought to no many homes?
"Do you all remember. Lorenzo Pinag
lia. John McLaln and "William Scadden,
the three heroes? Is there a man, woman
or child In this place that does not feel
proud to live in a town that can produce
three such Comstock miners?
"Do you remember. Pinaglia and Scad
den, who went down the burning, shaft
in the cage into the very jaws of death,
to rescue the men imprisoned on the 1300
j
level of the Bonner shaft?
"Do you remember John McLaln, the
engineer, whose hand grasped the lever,
waiting In that 'blinding, suffocating
fcmokt* for the touch of the Indicator to
tell him what his eyes could not see? I
would rather take oft my. hat to these
three brave men than to the proudest
king Europe ever produced. God mada
these lion-hearted men, while ancestors
and circumstances, made the King."
From the dawn of civilization' bravery
and' heroism have been admired, reward
ed and honored. Every land has had Its
heroes, and the song of their brave deeds
has been the- Joy and pride of Its people.
Bravery has been the theme of the his
torian and the song of the poet.;' It has
compelled j respect and honor from kings
and emperors. It ha3 gained the admira
tion and love of women. The fascination
Inspired by the unselfish triumph of "the
strong arm and stout heart" Is one of tho
touches of nature that makes us all akin.
Of all men that the world has crowned
as heroes, none have risen so high as
those who for humanity's sake- have
sought to save human life. The unselfish
man, who lmperils'his own life to save
that of another, is infinitely grander than
is he who under the impulse and madness
of tattle leads an [ army to ¦ victory
through storms of shot and shell. In the
language of the Holy: Scriptures.- "Great
er love hath no man than thls.,that a man
lay down his life for his frienda." . ; The
history of the Gould & Curry lire demon
strated that on- the Comstock there were
brave men, ready and willing to submit
to this cruel test. In their desire to save
human life | volunteers hastened to ; go
where almost certain death awaited
them*
"Larry". Pinaglia,- station tender, : and
It bad already been sent and the raN«
>=!iowerl ir must be down nearly there.
Nothing m"rr could be done. In an agony
• if suspense the crowd of people In the
hoisting 1 werks waitM; Arflln f»TO th»
<-isht b»ll siprrui.1. "S'nd dawn the ear*
to the l.W-foot level." "vVhat could i»»
>!nne? It was there. God of Mercy, shall
these poor creatures die! How that signal
sounded on the hearts of the, listeners!
Kvery one knew what ft meant.- It was
poor xnul *rroup!ng In rtarkne»9 and
Yignaliug fur. something that could not
nime. Strong men wrung their hands In
"ncr.ny. for they knew theycould do noth-
And tV>ore men w<tp beyond human help.
"The man that rang that bell never lived
To tell the anguish of hts soul when ho
bfljgcd and signaled for. the. caga that
And Is there anvwhere a ?torr mor*
pathetic and heartrending than the pass
ing of the six men on the l">00-foot level.
As soon a." the 13M-foot leffl men sot off
The cnee, Mr. Lyman. th» r.uperintendent,
sent the north easre down to th* 1500-foot
W'vel. hoping that some one mi^h: get on.
The cape went down empty, for no living
human being could live In the smoke and
cas that enveloped the shaft. The. cabl©
yhowrfi that the cage went down to about
Hftjr foot above the level where the Im
prisoned men wore waiting and hoping: for
help. It was evident ?hat some interrup
tion in the shaft lust above the 1500-foot
l»-vel prevented the cage from passing
iliivrn. \ few minutes after the caR9
reached this point, eight bells were heard,
which, as all miners know, means "Send
down the »aer<» to the ISM- foot level."
Can any one listen to the plain story of
the superb bravery of these men and not
wppTeciate th«* krilffhtly heart that beat*
under the blue shirt of the Comstock
miner? Did any of the gallant officers
who wear the mirch-prized Victoria Cross
for bravery on the battlefield' do morn
than these three plain workingmen? la It
»>nly on the blood-stained field of battle
that mankind appreciatr j a brave man?
At the exact time he springs hack to his
lever and shuts off steam just an the caga
reaches the level of the collar of th<*
shaft. And then the?e nine men. reeling
from the influence of that deadly gas. fell
to the floor of the hoisting works, and
were carried out by willing hands. On*
moment longer and not one man on tha
cape would have been alive!
rape will be !n the shelves, with death
to all on board, Wfcd shall t*>ll him when
to stop? Hut this nervy little man was
ecitial to the occasion. He crawled on
Ms hands and knees to the Indicator. The
touch of his hrcrrs on the face of th»
dial tolls him where the cage is. Steady.
"Johnnie." Keep cool, my boy. for th«
lives of ntn»* hopples" men are In the hol
low of your band, and one second cither
v.ay Is fatal!
THE "SUNDAY CALil..
2
THE COMSTOCK'S GREATEST CALAMITY
THE FIRE IN BONNER SHAFTrived from Mexican workmanship. Thrf
ono eerlous defect in the latter case has!
always existed In the designing, the most
popular themes running into exaggerated
floral effects and making little of such
vagaries as a rose at the end of a 111 y
stem. ' '¦¦ V
The rose, however, under a more Intel*
Ugent treatment, has lost nothing: save
its former incongruities, and, with the
oak leaf, acorn and flowering vine, will
never cease to find Idealistic em
bodiment . In Mexican carved leather.
The supplanting of their old tra
tradltional ideas by designs of a
more cosmlcal nature has, strangely
enough, met with neither disparagement
nor opposition on the part of the original
native carvers; on the contrary, they are
invariably, quick to . > embrace - the new
order of things, and consequently are to
be found In all the factories working side
by side with* their brethren of a latter-day
doctrine.; V •' " /V '
'The methods pursued in the carved
leather art are remarkably simple In view
of the singular beauty, and durability of
the work , produced.* To jj obtain the best
results only • calf skin "of the finest grain,
which ' has ' originally 'undergone ' a special
process of tanning, is employed. The pat
tern Is first traced on the smooth surface
plants for the treatment of seashells and
kindred . marine products, metal filigree
radical Tlrtuoeo— there are instances
where the grotesque enters conspicuously
the gruesome label, "Tourist Baad
wichea,?', •
of the leather, after which the workman
proceeds with an Infinite number of keen
edged chisels to consummate his design.
The work, though characterized by the
greatest deftness, is necessarily performed
with much care, as is , evident from the
perfectly wrought raised figures In the
finished product. The variety of the con
ceits Into which Mexican "carved leather
Is worked embraces a multitude of uses
alike practical and ornamental; - ranging
In character from a thimble case to a cell-
Ing panel, and In' cost from a few cents
Into the hundreds of dollars. -
In - addition to the larger enterprises,
which owe their existence to the Western
curio craze • there are - a multiplicity of
smaller pursuits In one way or another
identified with the general , Industry.
Among these are mills for ¦ the manu
facture of novelties from * native woods.
and Btcntcutting works and •»<ablY»n
ments where taxidermy In Its various
phases Is pursued along wholesale lines.
* While the great surplus of California's
curio output Is Industriously gathered In
by the transitory, yet omnipresent multi
tude from other climes, not a few notable
collections have . been acquired by the
more permanent habitants of this section.
Aside • from ¦ values estimated on a' basis
of miscellaneous associations the Intrinsic
worth of certain collections the writer has
been privileged to Inspect represents a
.snug sum of money. In one Instance tha
actual cost of the specimens accumulated
figures up to something in excess of 112,000,
while in numerous other Individual cases
the amount of cash invested ' represents
over half that amount.
Besides the legitimate fads— If "legiti
macy" exists in the vocabulary of the
Inio the whims of Q» carl© enthusiast.
For example, while collecting the material
for this sketch I chanced to witness a
young woman In the act of purchasing a
caddy bag made from tho cuticle of a
mammoth rattler; bat when my g&xo
presently shifted to her escort, a strip
pling of twenty or thereabout, the enorm
ity of her purchase teemed In a measure
Justified; he was wearing a fortr-ln-hand
fashioned from, the intact hide of a gtla,
monster. *-<.,•
Nor are such fantastical diversions es
sentially confined to objects of "utility'*
in the carlo line, for on the same day Z
beheld as a central display In the "show
window of a leading bazaar a full dozen
stuffed horned toads, each mortised In
between the two haNea of a bun. which
were held in place by means of a tw«np>
rope yarn — the whole assortment bearing
ness for the fiscal year a conservative es
timate has fixe* at not less than $1,300,000.
The variety of articles represented in this
trade covers a wide field and includes al
most every species of glmcrack human
imagination and ingenuity can devise! A
vjFlt to one -of the numerous retail estab
lishments exclusively devoted to thi.s line
of trace in any of the larger c'ties on the
coast is a veritable revelation, the bril
liancy and uniqueness of ihe display out
rivaling the famed bazaars of the Orient.
The eager interest manifested by the
tourist patrons who «laily thronjr the.-e
curio emporiums! is quite as sinrular us
are the wares in themselves^ and the
prices unflinchingly paid for the merest
trifles are often prodigious. This I* par
ticularly true of the simple but quaintly
designed Indian baskets, so much sought
after by collectors. The very crudrne.-.3 of
such fabrics lias thus far constituted a
guarantee as to the genuineness, and the
consequent high prices they command en
able the dealers to maintain a snail
army of purchasing agents, who con.nuiu
ly haunt the various Indian reservations
for the purpose of perpetuating the pup
piy-
But with the truly exquisite leather
carving that survives the ?3rly Mexican
element here In the West it is quite dif
ferent. This work the Yankc-e artisan
has not only demonstrated his ability to
• imitate, but evc-n to improve upon, espe
cially as to increasing its scope of practi
cal Utility. The inducements presented in
this field were first suggested by the popo-
touched all the ants swarming over it
rush to the point of attack. That is.
however, less curious than the fact that
the orchid will noi nourish without the
ants, but withers away after a feeble
straggling year's , growth.
• Some few among slave-holding ants re
main capable. The most pact become ut
terly demoralized. .They cannot build
nests, care for their young, or even feed
themselves. Net a few, when the slaves
have chosen and built a new nest, ride to
it upon a slave's back. One species is
noteworthy for having only slaves for
workers, yet never containing within the
n^t any slave-eggs or young. As with
bees, the queen ant its the mother of the
swarm. Unlike bees, however, there are
often several queens In the same swarm.
The workers are rudimentary females. In
slave-maklne the victors kill all the per
fect ants and take home the others.
Perfect males and females have wings,
which they drop as soon as the marriage
flight Is over. Worker ants have no
wings. Worker ants, or rather slave*
and the aphis-cows, by no means exhaust
the list of ant dependents. They keep
various smaller Insects as men keep do
mestic animals. Just why Is not yet
clear. The fact remains, though, that In
the crannies of some nests herds of a
thousand almost Invisible email creatures
have been found. A year Is the average
epan of ant life, but some species live
five years and exceptional Individuals as
much as seven. . All species show the
liveliest concern for their eggs, lugging
them up Into sunshine on fair days, and
scuttling back with them tn,e minute the
sky Is overcast. Upon a fickle April day
the eggs may be moved half a dozen
* +
Facts From Texas
The census shows some queer things
about Texas. For Instance. Bailey County
has but 4 residents, Cockran has 27, An
dr«w« 37, Lynn 17 and Dawson 36. Twen
ty-five other counties have less* than BOO.
Some counties have no running stream
¦within their borders, some are , hundreds
of miles from a railroad and others are
almost wholly Inhabited by prairie dogs,
Jackrabblts and rattlesnakes. Tom Green
County, the largest In the State,' has 45,000
square miles, which Is. larger than tho
whole State of Ohio, and haa but 6804 In
habitant!.
SCIEICCE Is. after all. your real Icon
oclast. Not content with toppllrs
the little .busy bee off her pinnacle
of virtues, it goes on to attack the
ant, for bo long held a pattern and moral
of thrift. Ants, say the wise men, have
pretty ¦well every bad trait of humanity —
they are laiy, greedy, tyrannous, given to
conquests, and rank expansionists, in that
they axe never done coveting the territory
cf their neighbors. Along with the terri
tory they oftencr than not take tue neigh
bors themselves, holding: them ever after
la slavery.
Just how this comes to pass Is some
thing of a puzzle. There are 700-odd spe
cies, say the observers, that must possess
hypnotic power, since they attack, subju
gate and reduce to slavery other species
which are much bigger, stronger and
more populous la the neBts. After they
have pot their slaves, many other queer
things happen. The slaves In some nests
ere classified, bo many told off as sol
. filers to derer.d the gates, po many for
domestic duties, foraging, the care of
egg*, and so on. The soldier ants are fur
ther subdivided. The larger moiety, by
constant exercise, develop fierce nipping
jaws. &od poison stings. The others, in
some curious fashion. Increase the b!*«
of their heads, especially if they happen
to be considerably bigger than their mas
ters. Thus the big heads enable them to
block a passageway solidly against an In
vading foe.
Exceptionally elastic slaves are trans
formed into living honey bottles. They
are found with abdomens enormously dis
tended, and full of the honey dew the
working 6laves bring In. Honey dew, be
It said, is a secretion of the aphides, or
plant lice, which the ant swarms domesti
cate and keep in herds within the nest.
But many more remain outside. Ants are
passionately fond of honey. Indeed of all
sweet Juices. They are further great
rtushroom eaters, and grow them within
their nests. They also cultivate certain
*2>ecles of orchids, and bring about dis
tinct modifications of the plant form,
stinging the young tender stems so fierce
ly they swell, become almost globular,
and distill a thin, semi-saccharine Juice,
which the ants no doubt regard as rare
Txlne, One particular species of orchid,
Indeed, is sa Infested with a virulently
stinging ant the collection of It Is very
Oanrerous. The minute the plant Is
Scientists Brand the Ant as Lazy and
a Slave-Owner.
times. They are pearly as regardful of
the aphis-egg?. Indeed, throughout they
protect their milchklne. shelter them well
and t&kc pains In rearing their young.
Hospitality Is not unknown amnn^nni-.
A stranger guert !s shown distinguished
consideration. Hut wne to the stranger
ant who Tomes uninvited to the shelter of
an unv;elcomlns nert. He Is bustled nnd
purameled, and finally maimed faiHlly-un
'¦'«» he saves himself by showing superior
fighting power or possessing a clean pair
of heels. After he Is down a mere squirm
ing trunk, bereft of legs, unable to blfe,
the slaves lay hold of him and drag him
outside the nest to die. Possibly It 13
an ant superstition that bad luck follows\
a stranser"s death In the house. *
Formic acid, the distinctive ant prod
uct, is one of the greatest vegetable stirn- '
ulants known. The earth of a nest be
comes so saturated with it, some people
explain the famous Hindoo mango trick"
by supposjne that the mango s«ed, which .
comes to flower and fruit before yo.ir
eyes, is planted in a pot of ant-heap
earth, j However that may be, it Is estab
lished beyond cavil that ants of some
species cultivate, and presumably fertilize
their favorite foodstuffs. Cases in point
are- the trimmer ants and the harvesting:
ants, both of which abound in the State
of Texas. The trimmers prune a sort of
weed which Is to their taste, so It shall
grow strong and sturdy. The harvesting
ants go even beyond that. They clear
disks several yards across round about
their nests of all manner of vegetation,
then plant the disks with ant-rice, which
they watch and tend until it ripens, let
ting no vagrant nor alien twig show its
head unscathed.
Ants are entitled to plume themselves
as the very first discoverers of the X-ray
and Its mysterious powers. Sir John Liib
bock experimented extensively as to the
effect of colored light upon ants in cap
tivity. He laid strips of colored glass ever
t. 3 nests, first putting the ant-eggs all
under : on« special color. In the j end he
determined ' that the ants did not much
mind the red light, that green light was
also, in a measure, innocuous, but that
invariably the eggs were * hustled from
underneath the violet rays. . In no case
was more than a single egg: left. there at
the end of two hours and oftener than not
the removal was accomplished within less
than an hour. __
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE phenomenal trend rrlthin re?ent
years of the winter touristy travel
westward besides lOntributlnK sub
stantially toward a general prosper
ity aiong the Pacific seaboard is re
sponsible for the development hereabouts
of not a few Innovations, both ephemeral
and permanent. And among the latter
there Is one which, originating as a mere
diversion, has expanded until to-day it
stands rre-^trunently the most picturesque
of all the industries peculiar to the West.
Cor.siuerfr.s; that this !s essentially a
land of uk1qu» pursuits, the foregoing
statement is by no means small, part!cu
larly when the subject referred to is the
"curio Industry." Now, a'most anywhere
else In th« United States the word "curio"
In a relative sense Is pretty apt to be
long In the same category with "mania,"
"eccentricity" and kindred terras denoting
exa^s^cated hobbylsm. But once fairly
across the Ixuir.dary line of California
conditions become radically cfcang« u and
the average tourist. In conformity wjth
the prevalent usage, etratghtway Bets
about accumulating a private museum as
£n appropriate souvenir of his sojourn.
Originally, through a. dearth of supply
and facilities generally, the progress of
Euch di\v-riior.s wa^-iiecessarily slow, the
quest for native curiosities involving the
expend. ture of much time and trouble.
The artiiSes most Jn demand were, from
the outstsrt, thr»i» of Indian ami Mexica^
handiwork, and the capacity of the vari
ous basket weavers, pottei-y molders and
feather carvers In time became wholly
dVproporticnat* to the ever increasing en
thusiasm displayed by the seekers. But
lor Yankee intervention at this critical
period the evolution of the Western curio
would In ell probability never have passed
Veyond the stage of a fad. However, the
imitative genius of the Anglo-Saxon was
not clow to grasp the opportunity pre
sented, with the result that an Industry
has been Inaugurated here In California
whica, from a standpoint of commercial
enterprise on the one side and absorbing
Interest on the other, amounts to nothing
less than a cr-aze.
In evidence of this there are to-day be
tween San Francisco and San Diego, a
distance of some 575 miles, upward of 600
manufacturers and dealers in native cu
rios, the aggregate volume of whose busl-
lar preference vhich from the butstart has
been accorded the work. This interest is
aceounttd for not only by the uniqueness
of the art. but likewise from the antiqi! '
ns.«<viations with which it Is surrounded
The ornamental curvincr of leather wa>
first practWrd by the ancient Chaldeans^
and laU-r obtained amonj; the Spaniard.
cf the middle ages. By the latter race
it \va.-- subsequently introduced among the
Mt'xic.ins, who", however, rarely carried !i
beyond the elaborate embellishments in
tlulr taiillcry and other equine acccssdr
ics. It has therefore devolved upon Amer
ican rc.-'ourcef ultioss to bring: the art uy to
the standard cf universal appreciation,
and the success that is characterizing this
departure is to-day manifest In the !m
rr.CT.se outrut by the State of California
of carved leather novelties, occasioned by
the Inordinate local demand. There is one
instance where a. sintile factory employs
eighty-Six skilled leather carvers, the ma
jority of whom arc Americans who have
lately mastered the ort. A special apti
tude for this work is displayed by the
young women of the land, whose sense of
the artlsilc frequently results in work cl
much superior merit to that produced by
Jhelr masculine contemporaries. In either
inf-tarre. however, results are infinitely
mere satisfactory than was formerly do-
3
UNIQUE INDUSTRIES
OF CALIFORNIA
THE CURIO CRAZETHE RICHARD MAKSriELD ACTING
VERSION* OF KING HENRY V-Pub
l!sh*d by McClure, Phillips & Co.. New
York.
A YEAR OF LIFE— By "William Samuel
Lilly. John Lane. New York.
. THE VISITS OF ELJZABETH-Ey Eli
nor Glyn. John Lane, New York. '
THE QUEENS OF ENGLAND— By
Mary Howltt. Revised by Geneva Arm
strong. B. S. "Wasson & Co.. Chicago.
Price SI SO.
A ROYAL EXCHANGE— By J. Mac-
Laren Cobban. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. $1.
TRAVELS IN ENGLAND— By Panl
Hentzner. Cassell's National Library,
New York. In paper 10 cents.
THE LIFE AND DEATH OF KING
JOHN— By William Shakespeare. Cas
¦ sell's "National Library. New York. In
paper 10 cents.
THE SHADOW OF MAN— By E. W.
Hornung. Charles Scrlbner's Sons. Ne*r
York. (IS. %,*r
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF ETIQUETTE— EJ-
Emily Holt. McClure. Phillips & Co .
New York.
A PRIEST AND A "WOMAN— By LandU
Ayr. The Abbey Press, New York. fL ..
Books Received.
A TREASURY OF IRI3H POETRT-
Edlted by Stopford A. Brook© and T. W.
Rolleston. Tha Macmillan Company, Xew
York. Price Jl 75.
There is much of a similar nature in
tho volume which tends to make It good
reading for the general" reader. Mr. Par
sons' personal impressions, as stated In
a chapter under that head, are of espe
cial value, comlnff from a man of such
evident good sense and experience.' But
the book contains more than merely
The author writes very interestingly of
the many odd customs and ways of doing
things so strikingly different from our
practices. He tells of the Chinese river
gunboats..' with their night guard of a
watchman with a rattle to frighten away
thieves; of (he women who wear baskets
filled with hot wood ashes tied around
their waists to keep their stomachs
warm; of the fishermen who catch fish by
having cormorants do the work for them.
The birds dive down and get a fish in
their mouth, but cannot swallow It on ac
count of a string which has previously
been tied around their necks. All the/
fishermen have to do Is to take the fish
away from the birds as they, come up.
If the birds do well they each get a fish
to eat before the homeward trip.
Changsha is estimated by the Chinese
to have a population of over a million,
but Mr. Parsons thinks that these figures
are exaggerated. He further holds that
the population for the whole of China has
been overestimated, and that the country
is by no means crowded.
The shopj of Chans*!ia t wiH compare favor
ably with the shops of any other city . in
China, displaying a full line of articles of
Chinese, and of foreign manufacture; in fact,
ro wide a range of choice is there that we
were even able to stock our larder with a good
supply of Munich beer In the orlgrnal bottles.
In the capital of Hunan. Changsha,
which is the center of the forbidden prov
ince and not accessible to foreigners, It
was found that, nevertheless, foreign
commerce had found its way there.
when tiey protect the hand* from the weather,
or can convert them Into a muff by merely
clasplnr his hands within the long sleeves.
When he wishes to use his hands be rolls his
sleeve* up. If the weather be cold he wears
as many undercoats as he pleases. He carries
no knaorack. but instead a cotton bait som<*
what U'kc a short golf -club bag, which he
wears diagonally across his back, suspended
by » cord over one shoulder and the chest,
and in It he carries all the articles needed for
a march, his tobacco pipe, fan, and paper um
brella.
A foimldable obstacle is found in connection
with the graves of ancestors, 'which are the
most important outward evidence of ehinene
religion. Unfortunately these graves are . not
placed In regular cemeteries, but are scattered
more or less broadcast over the surface of -the
country, so that It Is impossible to run a rail
way line without - frequently Interfering with
them. . At first this objection seemed fatal, and
the earlier lines were given an alignment that
would prove seriously detrimental to. Important
railways. When the matter became acute In
the construction of the Imperial railway in the
north the, question was taken up for settlement
on a business basis, and eight taels was reached
as a sort of tariff to compensate the resident
for the disturbance of each dead ancestor and
to pay for the removal of the latter to a new
resting place. Experience has shown that 'this
charge was somewhat In excess of actual cost,
for not only has opposition practically ; ceased,
but a new business has sprung up./ -It Is found
that if th« native* learn la advance of the loca
tion of .a new line _; the' more . enterprising:
among them,' If so unfortunate aa not to have a
family burying ground in if the way, will get
from their neighbors | the temporary loan of a
few grandfathers, whom they will quietly re
liury In advance of tha work. , , Ths chare* of
eight ' taels seemn euf ficient to pay the expense
of the double handling, with a. commission to
Mr. Parsons goes on to point out a few
of the difficulties in the establishing of
railway systems. Here is one which will
illustrate the unexpected, troubles lying
in the path of the promoter in China:
His figures on railway service are worth
noting. " In this connection the author
says: • i-'.
SurnmarizInK the figures, such as they are,
we find the present status of Chinese railways
to be abov.t rs follows:
Constructed— « Miles.
Ohtnette Government system .534
Belgian concession 135
British concession' 10.
Olermiin Fantung concesrlon 10 ,
Russian Manchurlan lines.... 125
• , - . . .
Total ..V :..;:..8U ..
¦\V> have thus In China. Includlns the Russian
branch in Manchuria, only abcut SCO miles of
railway, nerving a country whoi<e area ia nearly
half as lar(?e as that of the United States and
whore population is cald to be 400.000.COO. Lines
Bfcffrepatlng co.COO miles could well be built dur
ing the next ten years -with profit. ..
although the need Is undoubtedly there.
At present their fast freight is largely
limited to wheelbarrows and their river
boats are generally Junks with rag-bag
eails.
In "A' Priest and a Woman," by Landls
Ayr, the motif of the book is the celibacy
of the clergy, which , Is ingeniously pre
sented and advocated by entertaining ex
periences and conversations in an Epis
copal : rarish. The young * rector, vowed
to celibacy, is thrown much In; the so
ciety of ¦ a'v beautiful j. young? woman, who
seeks , him | for counsel and spiritual sup
port,, her; life being hedged by most un
happy A* college mate and In
timate friend of the ' priest Is ardently • in
love 'with" the ; same . young woman, and
maintains a close pursuit throughout tha
story, -Hlii arguments with the ¦ priest re
veal the latter's views. The. story, con
tains an element of both comedy and trag
edy, 1 While, there- Is also a clever depiction
of varied character, among which figures
A Priest and a "Woman.
The motif of "To Have and to Hold,"
by Mary Johnston, which made such a
success last season, is very similar to
that of "The Head of a Hundred." Mrs.
Goodwin has the advantage of being the
first In the field. » (Published by Little,
Brown & Co., Boston. Price $150.)
The story deals with the romance of a
young woman who flies to the colony of
Virginia to escape an objectionable mar
riage, and who finds in that colony much
of adventure and a happy love. The In
cidents of the narrative Include a war
between the colonists and the Indians and
the usual experiences of frontier life in
these troublous times. When first pub
lished the work won the approval of crit
ics and was well received by the general
public, and now that a renewed Interest
has been taken in historical pictures of
life in America in those early days, ' it
can be safely predicted -that the welcomo
given to the now publication will b« even
gi eater than that accorded when it first
appeared.
One of the good results of the recent
keen interest taken in the romances deal
ing with colonial times is the republica
tion of Mrs. -Maud Wilder Goodwin* 3
story, "The Head of a Hundred," which
first appeared live years ago.
The Hcnd of a Hundred.
The treatise forms a volume of 226 oc
tavo pages and Is published by Longmans,
Green & Co., New York.
Unlted States' comprised New Mexico,
Arizona. Oklahoma, Indian Territory.
Alaska. Hawaii and a number of islets.
To these are now added the Philippines,
Porto Rico and Guam." He adds: "All
persons born in the Philippines after an
nexation and subject to our Jurisdiction
are citizens of the United states, though
they are not members of the voting body
of the republic."
Having thus disposed of the legal ques
tions involved In the problem, Mr. Ran
dolph proceeds to consider the question of
expediency and of justice, and reaches the
conclusion that we should withdraw from
the islands. On that point he says:
"Withdrawal from the Philippines" will
mean that, having tried the policies of the
world powers* and found them wanting,
\ro purpose to put our strength to better
Use than conquest, to affirm the hope of
a better law for the world than the law
of war, and to Invigorate this hope in all
nations by the example of our own. And
our action will restore to our primacy In
America theVmoral weight It has lost
through aggrandizement in Asia. • • •
Withdrawal from the Philippines will re
establish the truth that the strength of
our republic Is not maintained by the
mere enlargement of boundaries nor by
mere addition of peoples. It is founded
'upon the .competency and 'loyalty of the
civic body, and upon the indestructible un
ion of Indestructible States."
The stories in ¦'.'Love", Include: "Love
In a. Fog," by.Hester Cold well Oakley;
VThe Captain of the Aphrodite," by Ell -
more Elliott Peake; "The State "Against
Ellsworth," by William R, Lighton ; "Ot
tenhausen's Coup/'^by John "Walker Har-
A charming little volume of short
stories has Just been published by Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co..; New .York, under
the title, "Love." The stories are select
ed from McClure's Magazine and this vol
ume will form one of a series of five* to
be issued this spring. The other titles
are "Comedy," "Politics," r "Youth," and
"The^ Railroad." 1 In the present book all
the stories have something to do ; with
the. title which ls'.glven to . the , collection/
They vary in vein from pathos to humor
and all of them keep the; reader's inter-'
est well sustained. The size ! of the/vol-,
,ume is | very convenient .for handy read,-,
ing and the' binding and ' typographical
work are most attractive. »v The 'series
should \ prove very v popular, . and reflect
much credit on the publishers.
The Frozen North presents an admirable
field for the pen of the informed and cap
able writer and books of this kind will
undoubtedly rise in popularity. (Pub
lished by Doxey, New York.)
The series, as a whole are quite'interest
ing and the author tells us that it is her
Intention at a later period to publish a
second, series in the same vein. Besides
herself, the other writers of prominence
In the volume are: The Hon. William
Ogilvie. Commissioner of Yukon. Terri
tory; Captain William Galpin, one of
Dawson's leading business men, and Mrs.
Ella 11. Cunningham, who Is well known
as a writer for popular journals, maga
zines and other periodicals.
Alico; Rollins Crane has Just issued a
collection of stories and sketches called
"3mi!e3 and Tears from the Klondike,"
which possess sufficient variety in their
selection to escape a clash with/ the
stronger ones of the California writer.
Her collection Is made up of stories by
different authors and in varying vein.
Seme of the most interesting cf them are
those which deal with the legends and
folk lore of the'eountry. Others show the
life and, customs of the present white in- ,
habitants and will serve to dispel from/
the reader's mind a great many false im
pressions which have -been gathered by,
desultory reading. Then again some are
intended as pure fiction, and as such fall
far short of those of Jack London. .
After Jack London's tales cf the Frozen
North and' the Great White Silence,
which were published some time ago un
der the title of "Sons of the Wolf." all
other stories of a similar nature are apt
lo suffer by comparison. '.
f>>^rmpn m me apparition, but" becoriVea
Interested In the story and has frequent
conversations with the old spook in tho
chair.
Finally her family finds that she Is ap
parently talking into thin air, for the oc
cupant of the. chair Is Invisible to every
one except the owner, and only to her at
the hour of midnight. They arrange to
get her away to a summer resort, and
then dispose of the chair. The your.;?
woman has become so Interested in the
mystery, for she has learned that the two
surviving descendants of tne old man are
her Aunt Susan and tho village parson,
that she dons male attire to seek for tho
lost piece- cf furniture.
The possibilities offered : - unique, but
the latter h;tfi of the -book i* taken up
with a rambling account of irrelevant ad-
Ventures. (Published by Stockham Pub
lishing Company, Chicago. Price, $1 23.)
.Smiles and Tears From the Klondike
Messrs. Harper & Bros, have announced
an excellent * scheme ¦which they ' propose
to carry out'durlng this year, namely, to
publish onca every . month an American
• "Nature In Literature" Is to be the sifb-
Ject of, the April number of "Impressions"
—to Include articles by George Hamlln
Fitch, Charles "Warren Stoddard, Adelln-i
Knapp, A. L. E.' H. and others. The sup
plement-will be' a careful reproduction of
some beautiful photograph of nature.
May, the fairy month, will be devoted to
fairy literature, ' folk lore and the " chlU
mind— ."Impressions" completes Its first
year. with the March Issue . and can be
congratulated for Its brilliancy and Inde
pendence during Its short, career.
Literary Note3.
This book is en example of the highest
*rt of up-to-date publishing. It Is printed
In large type and on extra heavy paper
in order that the" half-tones may be re
produced to the best advantage. (Pub
lished by Lfttle, Brown & Co., Boston.
Price 52.00.)
In this history of the town, the author
tells of "William the Conqueror's great
fortress, his stages, and his starting forth
for the conquest of England.
In Part II is set forth the romance of
Arlette— the love of the great Count Rob
ert, father of William the Conqueror.
The treatment of this story was suggest
ed by the models furnished in the older
chroniclers, whose versions of the loves
of Robert and Arlette agree chiefly In
their preference for a fanciful rather than
for the more conventional historical form.
She tells of the quaint old town of
Falaise and its edd street scenes; then of
the Falaise Fair, the famous Eleventh
Century Horse Fair, the greatest of its
kind in Europe, and still in full living.
Her accounts of the hor?e trading, the
fair booths, the vendors, and all the life
and incident^ of this oldest of fairs, are
fascinating.
Few landscapes in the world can equal tha
flat pasture lends of I'pper Calvados. The
proximity of the «*-a peoples the sky with float
ing cloud masses, the humidity of Its air giving
to all vegetation a depth of green peculiar to
molj<t oilman's.
Mrs. Dodd writes with the sure hand of
one who feels the Invigorating inspira
tion of the fresh country a!r. Every bit
of color of landscape, of people or of habi
tation is caught and given to the reader
just as it is in all its vigor and bright
ness. Her writing is made yet more con
crete by the number of splendid photo
graphs which lorrn no small part in the
illumination of the text.
In the?e cool, moist plains noise that along
the coast had plagued the air as with tha
clanpor of ,a mighty bell was softened to a
pastoral peace. The company of cows munched
and moved among the grasses. From any one
of the Ilelds one could hear the crow of tha
chanticleer, a note as soothing: and significant
to nature-loving Theocritus as to our own
trolley-car and electric-bell outraged nervous
systems.
Hedges thick and dense, thatched huts, farm
yards whose open cjurtyards contributed lively
notes of color to the tree-'.ented plains, thou
sands of moving cattle anil romping horses to
carry the eye from the breadth of meadows
to low heights swimming # ln the gold of the
noon glow— ruch were the pictures that were sit
along our roadway.
Mrs. Dodd. writes charmingly melodious
English and it is indeed, a pleasure to go
with her bowling merrily along in a
Normandy char-a-bancs to the fair at
Falaise. Here is a jotting from her pen
about the Caen Plains— word painting In
prose that would do credit to a poet:
In the present volume Mrs. Dodd de
scribes a driving trip from the inn at
Dives, already made famous as the sec
ond one of the "three Normandy inns."
into the heart cf tho most beautiful part
of Normandy, over the Caen plain to the
cliffs of Fnlaise.
The many readers who enjoyed that
charming book, "In and Out of Three
Normandy Inns," bv Anna Bowman
Dodd, will welcome her latest addition
to literature— "Falaise, The Town of the
Conqueror."
Richard Mansfield himself writes the
introduction. Should he bring this
play to California it is easy to prophesy
that all available copies of this edition
would go at a premium. Failing in l.iat,
it Is only fair to say -that the present
book deserves a place on every library
table not only out of respect for Shake
speare but because it is Mr. Mansfield's
acting version and a splendid specimen uf
bookmaking as well.
Falaise — Th; Town of the Conqueror.
WE have haJ books on China from .
people who have made flying
trips for pleasure through the^
country and from others who
have lived there and have writ
ten for pleasure. In "An American Engi
neer In China" we have a book^ from a
man who went through one of tlie closed
provinces of China under the pay of an
American syndicate "to examine, survey
and it-port on an extensive railway en
terpriFe." When a man Is pent out by an
American syndicate at a grood salary and
with the idea in view that upon his report
will depend the investment of larse suma
at money. It Is sate- to expect that the
rr.an selected will be as competent as any
who could be found for such an enter
prise.
It If not to he said that we have not had
a great many deserving works on China,
but this one is especially so. Mr. William
Barclay Parsons, the author, went
throurh a part of China for the express
purpose of seeing— and he saw- It was
a matter of bread and butter to him to
allow nothing to escape his trained mind.
One can sec- from the facts and figures
which "he presents t«j back up his asser
tions that he was most thorough. .The
I ook is especially good in the careful pic
ture It gives of the n.ost conservative peo
ple of this conservative nation.
Mr. Parsons' duties took him through
the closed province of Hunan from Han
kow directly south tc Canton, and it Is
of this particular p%rt of the country and
its people that the work treats. Mr. Par
sons was afforded every facility and cour
tesy by the Chinese officials in the differ
ent sections of the country through which
he traveled. This puiced him in a position
to collect feme valuable data. He writes
in a clean, clear styl* — Pimple and entirely
lacking in verbosity. "What he has to say
he says without literary flourish but in
the earnest way of the practical business
man av.d engineer.
His first chapter, cf rorty-three pages,
gives a brief outline of the history of
China as a whole. which y %hlle necessary
by way of introduc'lcn. contains nothing
out of the ordinary- Incidentally, how
ever. It r>r??ents a very clear idea of the
Chinese fcrm of government and shows
the foothold various foreign countries
have upon the empire.
Th<» author'* dlFcurt-ioii of foreign con
cessions naturally lead? to the "American
Concession" for hi* pecond chapter. In
this connection Mr. Parsons says:
In the making of Chinese forsljn commerce
and the opening of the country to tra<> and
Industrial ent«rj>riF». the position taken by
Eaiwpcaa fovfrnncnt« ha* been to f otter and
support the effort* of their subjects. The policy
cf the United Ptates in this retrard nas been
<J'.Ftin<-t'» negr.tlve, ar.d whatever has been ac
complif-hed by our citizens Is the result of ln
dividuai rrrrgy without national support. • •
• • A chtr.Rc from such conditions and a turn-
Ing cf American energies Into n-w channe!* were
developments that were Inevitable. • • • A
fir.grj'.ar confirmation of the movement toward
a broadening out on the part of American capi
tal for foreign invasion was the securing of
the conoersion for the railroad from Hankow to
Canton, consummated by the signing ot the
grant in Warhir.gton in April. 1E98, by Wu Ting
Keng. the Chinese Minister, and by a sin
gular coincidence Ju*t one week before the
declaration of war. which vu to establish the
United States as a colonizing power.
The c^nr-ewlon covers about 900 mllee of rail
way, together with mining and other privileges,
which make it. In value and national import
ance, wcond to no other concession granted by
the Ohinrs-r Government. The projected route
of the railway H.-e]f is frcm Hankow, th«
metropolis at the interior, or, as it li some
time£ called, the "Chicago cf China." to Can
ton. th<» great port In the south, and thence
with riphts to go to any selected point on the
coa5t if e>*!rod. \* lies through part of the
provino of llupoh. for 400 miles through the
¦whole length of the province of Hunan, and
ai-rofs tbc province of Kwangtung.
It wo s through this country that Mr.
Parpens traveled with his crew of plcke<l
mc-n arnl u Chinese bodyguard appointed
by the Viceroys of the provinces through
-which be passed. The work of making
this survey was the longest continuous
instrumental measurement up to th.it
time completed in China,- For. 600 miles
Mr. Parscns and his party were the first
forcijrncrs ever pecn. He was as much
an object of interest to the inhabitants
as they were to him.
The province of Hunan has an area of
about 75,000 square miles, or half as much
again as the State of New York. -and 't*
population Is estimated at 22,000.000. A
large part of Mr. Parsons' trip was mad-:
by Jur.k up the Yangtze, and then up
the Stang-klani?. Judging from his de
scriptions It was full of unique experi
ences. ;
For about half of the time we were obliged
to Bleep on short, where <~aro;>lnK in tents was
Impossible on account of the curiosity of the ppo
plr. In their eagerness to see a "foreign devil."
to examine his t-hcrt hair, to feel his queer
cloth clothe*, to Inspect hla extraordinary b!jj
leather boot* — which latt everywhere neemed of
all our belongings to attract the most atten
tion—they would certainly have torn down any
temporary Fhelter: and at such xnomtnts our
fruard. In eplte of Its pretentious proportions of
Z'jj soldleiT. would hare been of little use.
• • • Our preferred clecplng-places. were ex
amination hail*. In w^ch are held the annual
examinations of etud&nt* In the classics for
literary degree*, the stepping-stone for i>olitical
preferment, the ambition of every Chinese, for
in China public office means wealth and power;
tpmples. either public of the BuddhUt faith
or private ones for ancestral worship — the lat
ter much to be preferred as being cleaner and
The uniform of the Chinese «oldler Is a com
fortable but most unmllitary collection of gar
ments. The ccat, in Its hang, resembles a
cloak with wide, loose sleeves. It Is of a plain
color, with a wide marginal band of another
hue. On the breast and back are marked,
usually on white disks sewed to the coat, the
number of the man. the designation of thp'or
ganization to Which he belongs and his "posi
tion In the ranks. The trousers are of dark
blue cotton, and usually tied close around the
ankles. The queue Is worn wrapped about "the
head, and the whole Inclosed tn a dark blus
cotton turban. Beneath the coat is a waist
coat with ti(?ht-flttlr)fc sleeves projecting about
six Inches beyond the ends of the fingers. The
wearer caa the projections hang down.
From his description of the Chinese sol
dier, however, one can see that th.it
worthy- might certainly cultivate our ad
vanced Ideas, acquired by higher civiliza
tion, to some advantage:
In thinking of the Chinese, especially those In
the Interior, we are wont to consMer them as
uncivilized; and so they are, if measured scru
pulously by our peculiar standards. ' But. on
the other hand, they mieht say with some jus
tice that we are not civilized according; to ths
¦standards that they have set for themselves,
founded on an experience of four thousand
years. With ail its differences from ourselves,
a nation that has had an organization for five
thousand years; that has used printing for
over eight centuries; that has produced the
work of art that China has produced;- that
possesses a literature that antedates that of
Rome or Athens; whose people maintain
shrines along the highways in which, follow
ing the precepts of the classics to respect the
written page, they are wont to pjck up and
burn printed papers rather than have them
trampled under foot; and which, to indicate a
modern instance, wes able to furnish me with
a native letter of credit on local banks in un
explored Hunan, can hardly be denied the
rlKht to call Itself civilized.
The curiosity of the Chinese proved m
small obstacle In the path of the travel
ers. It was all expressed in the best of
good nature and resulted in harm to
no one, but at the time it caused the par
ty considerable uneasiness. When the
Americans celebrated Christmas night by
the best American banquet of the regula
tion sort which could be arranged, it al
most created a riot In the little town of
Plng-shui. They were passing the night
In a tea-hong, which opened directly on
the village street, and afforded the rabble •
an excellent opportunity of viewing the
proceedings :
Our actions, our songs, our very food— but,
above all. our forks and knives— were a source
of Inexplicable astonishment to the people; but
when our plum pudding — a thoughtful gift of an
English lady In Hankow — appeared, decorated
with holly and blaring in true Yule-tide style,
a look of terror appeared on their faces. The
climax, however, wa» reached when a flash
light picture of the scene was taken. When the
magnesium powder flared up the crowd broke
and ran.
All of Mr. Parsons' anecdotes and de
scriptions go to show the different view
point of Americans and of Chinese. To
them we appear as the barbarians, and to
us they are the ones entirely lacking in
refined civilization. It is all from the way
you look at it. Mr. Parsons is so falt
minded upon these points that it is ea3y
to understand why he encountered no se
rious difficulties upon his trip:
better tended: tea-hong* or large storehouse*,
or, aa a laat resort, inns.
Mr. Parsons' chapter on "Inland Com
munication" shows conclusively the crude
.methods of present transportation and
the splendid field open to the railroad
man; also the great need of improvement
in river trafllc. He is by no means san
guine, however, that the country is ripe
for any marked 'changes along these lines,
Under a chapter on "Chinese Construc
tion" the author points • out that "the
engineering progress of the Chinese has
been along static rather than dynamic
lines— that is. they have learned how to
construct bridges, erect pagodas and con
centrate their forces to build a wall fif
teen hundred miles long, but not how to
construct a machine, or to do any of tha
things the basal principle of which is
movement." In building he even sug
gests that the beautiful principle of, the
arch is -of ; Chinese origin, and points out.
where their structures are deserving of
great credit both as works of art and ex
amples of practical utility. He found,
however, a lacking in the understanding
of principles of transportation and of
hydraulic machinery, upon' which so much
depends in a country relying upon irriga
tion for a large percentage of its crops..
He says:
If, therefore. I were asked to enumerate the
ment, I should say— means of transportation;
hydraulic machinery; mining; and then, those
machines which can compete against a very
low-priced manual labor, and which can. if
possible, enter a flel«J of work not now under
taken, such as electric lighting, or cnfT the
existing fields so as to change the present
conditions without too violent or Immediately
revolutionary effects.
"good reading." Th© last half of It will
appeal to the business man or capitalist
who looks to the Orient* for investments.
Mr. Parsons takes up at length commerce
and commercial relations and shows Just
where the United \ State3 stands in this
light. ¦
The White Flame.
"The White Flame" is a story dealinf
wltht the occult, which promises well
enough in the beginning but falls rather
flat In the end. The plot offers the possi
bility of a very good ghost story, but the
author wanders in a despairing way tot
ward the latter part of the book.
In the opening chapter It "suggests th«
motive of the story. A young girl comet
to her room, after having been detained
late by company, to find that a stranger
is sitting; in the chair which she had that
day purchased from a second-hand dealer.
She finds that this stranger is the ghost
of an old man', who is doomed to come
nightly and sit in this chair until his last
descendant has passed from earth. This
penance has been forced upon him be
cause he, did not answer ihe appeal of
a dying son. Th« voune woman Is nojt
The present volume Is by Mary Howitt<
and has been revised by Geneva Arm-"
strong. It is Illustrated by twenty-eight
f ull-page portraits. (Published by B. S.
Wasson & Co., Chicago. Price $160.)
Of course, in a volume of this size It
is not to be expected that the author can
digress to any extent from absolute biog
raphy. There is no room tor anecdotes or,
incidents which mean so much in convey
ing an adequate idea of character, but as
far as the barer' facts in the lives of each
la concerned the book amply answers the
purpose. . I
In; the matter of period of time the vol
ume 19 complete, for it includes the lives
of all of the Queens of England from
the Norman Conquest, Matilda, of Flan
ders,' to the death, of Victoria, seventh
Queen Reenant. . .
Following out that view to its logical
conclusion, Mr. Randolph argues: "Tha
Philippines are not only within the United
States In a general sense: they are not
distinguished organically from the rest of
our territory. Prior to the treaty of
Paris the common property of the States
of jthe Union called the ..•Territory of the
the owner of the ancestor, and yet leave an
attractive profit to the borrower.
The author's closing chapters on the
"Yellow Peril" and "China in the Twen
tieth Century" contain much food for
thought. The main point of interest upon
which he spends some space is the over
estimate of the population of China and
the fact that the yellow terror is not to
bo so feared as some writers wofcld lead
us to suppose. The book is well illus
trated by half-tone reproductions of pho-.
tographs. (Published by McClure, Phil
lips & Co., New York.)
B. G. LATHROP.
The Queens of England.
Those readers who feel a lack of his
torical knowledge in connection with the
lives of the Queens of England and yet
have not the time to devote. to a perusal
of exhaustive works on the subject Buch
as Strickland's "Queens of England," or
similar books, will be interested in a vol
ume of. convenient size which , has Just
been • published. It gives in detail . the
lives of "The Queens of England" . suffi
cient for the information of i the general
reader and covers some 500 and odd pages.
rington; "Accordln' to Solomon," by Mary
M. Mears.
Law and Policy of Annexation.
Carman F. Randolph of th© New York
bar, author of "The Law of Eminent Do
main." has contributed to the discussion
of the Philippine question a valuable
treatise, "Law and Policy of Annexa
tion," in which he gives due considera
tion to the two phases of the issue— has
the United States a right to the Philip
pines; is It expedient for the United:
States. to retain them? • >/
Mr. Randolph holds that the. Spanish
had a full right, under the law of nations,
to sell the Islands, and that the natives
have no rights which either Spain or tha
United States Is bound to respect. He is
equally sure of the authority of Congress
under the constitution -to annex the
islands. Upon that point he quotes the
statement of Chief Justice Marshall: "The
constitution confers absolutely on the
Government of the Union the power* of
making war and of making treaties, con
sequently that Government possesses tha
power of acquiring territory either by war
or by treaty."
Laird & Lee are l33uing a new, entirely
revised edition of their famous Edison's
Handy Cyclopedia and Universal Atlas.
The figures from the census of 1000 are
given in' full, together with all details
concerning the Presidential election: ex
haustive notices of Hawaii. Porto Rico
and the Philippines, with latest statistics
are also included. The reapportlonment
bill for the United States House of Rep
resentatives is given a page, and the ar
ticles concerning every State and Terri
tory have been carefully corrected up to
date. These are only a few of the hun
dreds of subjects that render this book,
with Its fifty maps In colors, an Invaluable
reference work for all classes. (Flexible
cloth, 25 cents; stiff cloth, library style.
60 cents.)
Xing Henry V.
McClure, Phillips & Co. of New Tork
have Just put on the market a charming
edition of "The Richard Mansfield Act-
Ing Version of King Henry V." Pardon
ing the prime advertisement it is for Mr.
Mansfield to have a half-tone portrait of
himself as Henry V as frontispiece and
the names of his company printed as "A
List of Persons of the Play," the publica
tion is very attractive. The cover is most
artistic, though slmpla In design, and the
"the girl with the opossum smile." (Pub
lished by the Abbey Press, New Tork.
Price ».)
Edison's Cyclopedia.
Still more about "An Englishwoman's
I/ove Letters!" The latest concerning the
authorship of the book is, perhaps, the
most startling of all. It is contained in
the well known Scotch paper, the Dundee
Advertiser. "I have Just had a chat with
a friend." writes a correspondent, "who
knew Oscar "Wilde In Paris. About a
month before his death, when he was very
ill, a few friends met him in his 'room,
where he read them copious extracts from
an MS. which he said had been intrusted.
to him. and on which the writer wished
to know his views. The opinion was
unanimous that the work was of no com
mon quality, and it was decided that the
book, as it stood, should be submitted to
a publisher.
"One of the party suddenly observed,
that a part of the MS. was not typewrit
ten and was In Wilde's writing. He was
taxed with the authorship and admitted
It. but said, rather sadly. 'No publisher
would look' at It under my name. Let It
stand or fall on its own merits as a liter
ary production.' Of the little party who
heard the reading only my Informant's
friend, to whom the manuscript was In
trusted, remains alive.
"Whether Mr. Murray knew of its
authorship when he accepted the hook I
do not know. It was "Wilde's earnest <X^%
sire that the book should appear anony
mously. Now the book is a success, thero
la no harm In giving honor where honor
Is due."
The most Important article In th» March,
Everybody's Magazine is undoubtedly
Bird S. Coler's contribution on the "Gov
erment of a Great City." No one Is more
competent to write on this big subject
than the Comptroller of Greater New
York, whose vigorous protests hav© made
him a terror to corrupt politicians. He
deals forcefully with the problems
encountered In the direction of a big mu
nicipality, and his strictures and dicta
should be of value In all the other great
cities where parallel conditions exist.
Among the interesting statements Mr.
Coler makes la one that municipal govern
ment cannot be conducted on the same
lines as the business of a private corpo
ration. The sole aim of the latter Is to
make money for stockholders. The pur
pose of the former Is to make a city a
better place to live, and the only dividends 1
possible aro improved public utilities and
better citizenship. He declares further
that the "crippling curse of American mu
nicipal government is political meddling
and State interference."
The Southern newspapers have wel
comed "William Hannibal Thomas' book
on "The American Negro" for aa strong
an argument for the repeal of the fif
teenth amendment as has yet appeared.
Mr. Thomas la a nejjro of ability and
character, but rather supports the asser
tion that the Intellectual and moral quali
ties of the negro have not advanced, and
that his material advancement and well
being are not Improved by the possession,
of political rights. This argument la in
violent contrast to the optimism of Booker
T. "Washington, and public opinion In the
South is likely to regard It as an addi
tional justification for taking the negro
out of politics and confining his activities
to agricultural and industrial pursuits. In
their effort to effect some compromise on
the fifteenth amendment both Southern
Republicans and Democrats are reckoning
on much sympathy In the North.
"The Romance of the Heavens" Is th«
title of a popular yet scientific book on
astronomy by A. "W. Blckerton. professor
of chemistry at the New Zealand Univer
sity, which the Macmlllan Company will
publish Immediately. A chapter which,
will probably cause some attention Is that
which deals with the possible Immortality
of the Cosmos. The author has tried to
write a book which with careful reading
may be followed by any person with a
good school knowledge of experimental
science.
Two exceedingly valuable books con
cerning motor traction have recently been
published by the J. B. Lippincott Com
pany. W. Worby Beaumont's "Motor
Vehicles and Motors," treating of their
design, construction and working by
steam, oil and electricity, has over 450
Illustrations and working drawings, and,
takes up tha entire subject exhaustively.
"Mechanical Traction in War," by Lieu
tenant Colonel Otfrled Layrli. is a spe
cialized treatise, of course; its especial
value lies In the fact that the use of trac
tion during the war In South Africa is
being thoroughly considered, presenting
the results of actua.1 Bervice trials under
severe conditions.
Camera Craft for March has a soft-ton*
frontispiece that la quite striking. Tfta
subject is "Magdalen." from a neratlva
by Charles I. Berg. The print was taken
from the New York Camera Club exhibit
at the California Camera Club. An inter
esting article, with illustrations. Is on«
by Theodore Kytka on "The First Rogues
Gallery In the "World." which, by tha
way. was started right here in San Fran
2isco by ex-Chief of Police Lees. Th«
current number is filled with half-tone
reproductions of Interest to the general
reader as well as to the photographic ex
pert. There i3 an article about a "Photo
graphic Slide Rule" that will appeal to
the camera faddist.
The leading feature of McClure'a Maga
zine for March la a character study ol
Edward VII. written by the man In Ame
lea most competent for the task, Geors;.'
"W. Srnalley, the correspondent of the Voa
don Times. Accompanying the article
are pictures which f#rm a series of por
traits of the new sovereign from earliest
youth to the present. Following this ap
preciation of the King there Is a collec
tion of pictures of Queen Victoria. Thes->
are thirty In number, reproductions of
photographs and paintings, and they ar*
a complete pictorial souvenir of the mon
arch." A descriptive test accompanlrj
them.
novel by an American author. It Is pro
posed to have these romances written for
the most part by new writers— by men nnd
wtmen of modern ideas, youthful tIroi
and fresh Imagination, a new Crpartniw
In the field of American fiction. Their
January novel was "Eastover Court
house." by Henry B. Boone and Kenneth
Brown, tha same being a story of con
temporary Virginia life. The February
novel was a story of contemporary Mas*
sachusetts and Missouri life. "To* Senti
mentalists," by Arthur Stanwood Pi- r.
The third novel In the American series, ta
be published In March, will be "Martin
Brook," by Morgan Bates.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Love.
4
Illustrations from "An Amer
ican Engineer in China,"
by William Barclay
Parsons.
WRITERS
OF BOOKSmoi" ¦ -a - -¦ --:-'; " f_ -. : '¦" .. ¦ ¦ -
•Tea, ma'am."
* "Now, I don't want to lea any more.
They say; she comes out all in 'white and
Is perfectly calm," and X think that spoils
-The curtain west up «h the last art,.
."Well, Bay, I suppose I;Bheuld go bacfc,
because my husband .will be so worried,
' that no corset encases her beautiful flg
j ure. - . She j has ¦ grown- much ! stouter ' since
¦•he was here last,. ; when we. all held our
breath as she swung, from ; the I bell ( In
The Heart of Maryland.", <f .. ..~ , .
' Little VToto'' off the stare is as charm-
Ing a child as It has been my good for
tune to meet'/'SKe has'been with the com
. pany two years,' and lacks 'all the boldness
,; and , precocity usual 1 with j stage ; children.'
: V'Aiia you. went to. London 'with! Mrs.
I iC«tVrr^VV^ r \ tJ i .•- * t ;.'-..•
• *,'Oh, yes.'.'.; .. . >.' . r . \. ¦„...¦• .'. ¦• . ? j
"And how J did you like ltT" .. ,
' "Very much,* Indeed,* thank jyou.""* / "
; • "'Do you"" enj oy ' being an ' actress V*, ; * "•" * '
. i'.'Oh; yes, •very*much," i and'ShV-tossed
her pretty curls and' straightened her vel
vet hat She, too, could 'teach a lesson to
1 many ilttla j girls j at< home who,> alas, -are
too" often \ heard v as f Vell as" Been tj ( . ,
¦ 'They' were' setUn/tiiestaee for the last
you know I am Just overcome.".
"Yes, ' ma'am," responded the dark one.
I pretended to fasten my veil, while I
watched her? in the gloss. Her second
chin rested confidingly on the top of her
'pigeon breast, whose, height was exagger
ated by a corset presumably, of the time
• of Marie Antoinette.
"Ton know ' I am so emotional — a play
like this Just affects me for days and days
—you know -my -husband sayi I ahouldn't
go to plays like this, because Z feel them
Some Curious Things That Have Been Seized for Debt
A GOOD story cornea from Australia
«f the United States shlo Glacier.
the refrigerating: chip of the navy,
fearing be*n seized for debt In th
harbor of Sydney. A. naval vessel Li not
often seized for debt, and the legality of
the seizure might be a matter of Interna
tional Inquiry. The story Is that when
the Glader wa* at Sydney the officers'
mess ran up several bill* on shore. When
they cam* to settle, before sailing-, a .bill
was presented by a tradesman which the
mess refused to pay, or the reasonable
ground that they did not ow. it. Enow-
Ing that the vessel was to sail shortly the
tradesman rot a sharp lawyer, who pro
cured a judgment against the ?hlp for th®
amount of the bill. A Sheriff came on
board on some pretext, and, drawing a
warrant for the ship's seizure from his
pocket, affixed It to the mainmast. Aft«j
ihat to call away would have brought on
International complications, so the mets
peld and tried to look pleasant The bill
was for CSO.
Curious things have been seized for
debt. Some years ago there was a for
eigner of rank In Chicago who had fallen
on evil times, and so set up at a boardlng
hoa«>. He was always In debt, and at
last his creditors discovered an ingenious!
way of getting their bills paid. When the
boarders were at dinner an officer of the
law appeared and levied on the table. The
guests v.ere Indignant, rnd the foreign
nobleman tore his hair. Finally, aa the
bj!i was small, tne boarders clubbed to
g-eiher and r>aJd it. after which they re
sumed their evening meal, amid profus-s
protestations of gratitude on the part of
their noble ho?t. The amount paid wa».
of course. Orducted from their board b!U
w!:en they ca.nae to settle. When the ta
ble had been ievlcd on twice or three
times it got monotonous, and the board-
JiiP-liCiiEe < % f:at5e<l to flourish.
Some tSme back rbe proprietor of a
traveling tcena£cr]e >n England received
a bill as ho xr.is leaving Yarmouth with
his "agrpregatSon.". He declared that the
bill •Wiia exorbitant, ana r«fnsed to pay.
At his next stopping place he was served
with B summons and final judgment and
execution Merc obtafr.ed for the bill. But
by the time the pa;vsrs wer» made out
the menag-erie was at a third town, and
there the officer of the law went to exe
cute the writ. Now, a. menagerie is a
troublesome thins to levy ucon. but it
finally was decided U> selzr a Malav
oranc-cutaus, as being the handiest ar-
tide of value. The officers had no idea
what to feed the animal on, and as It be
came hunpry it raved and fought so that
they sent it back to the menagerie, which
by this time had gone to a fourth town.
All expenses fell upon the people who
had brought the suit, and they were glad
to eet off even a.t that price. v m
A traveling theatrical company which i
had left a bill behind at Birmingham, i
England, was "caught up" at the next
town . wilh a writ of attachment .upon. its
theatrical properties. When the officer
came to levy he found, nothing of much
value except the wigs belonging to th-3
show. These he seize.d,. and that, night
"Richard III" was played by actors with
up-to-date close-cropped heads.- making a
most ludicrous effect wh4Oj:omblaed with
medieval clothes.
Actual Poverty
of the
Tropics.
THAT the tropics are really poor la
natural resources Instead of beinc
rich Is the argument of I>r. Berne
led er of Cordoba, Mexico. Hla ar
guments are especially interesting Ju*t
now, when so much attention is being at
tracted to the hot regions of the world;
as places for exploitation. The doctor, to
a letter to tha Medical Record, says:
"AH men dream of the marvelous rlcnea
of the tropics, of tha birds with rainbow
plumage, of the extravagant flowers, of
the elegant tree ferns, of the banana and
palms with waving leaves and of the coco
palm, which furnishes man with every
thing necessary for life. Indeed, wa pity
him who has never se«n a tropical land
scape as we pity him who has never seen
the sea. Then we think of the enormous
treasures the English. Spanish and Dutch,
have harvested from their tropical colo
nies, and, naturally, we think that the.
tropics are the richest regions of the
-•rid. All this may be true. yet. never
theless, in another sense. Instead of belnff
rich, the tropics are fatally poor. Unabla
to secure the necessaries of life, the peo
pled tropical countries are like the man
In whose hand everything turns to gold,
yet who perishes of hunger and thirst
"Of all the breadstuff* necessary for
man the tropics furnish only corn and
rice, and these only to a limited extent.
They have no wheat, rye or potatoes. Th«
banana may be. "as Humboldt says, 133
times more productive than wheat and 44
times more so than potatoes, yet It can
not replace either as food. ! Nor can -white
men live for any length of time on rlca
and corn alone, nor. on bananas and palm
nuts. Native tropical foods can only hold
body and soul together, as they furnish
but little vigor, energy and power. No
machine can do good work with poor f nei.
A. ¦man who haa neither bread nor meat
cannot get life and strength and push,
from tea, coffee, sugar, vanilla and all
the precious spices. Tropical products are
merely commercial luxuries, and If the
inhabitants of cold cllmea did not buy
them the people of the tropics would lack
the necessaries and comforts of life and
would yet cheke with their own riches.
"If we wish to know the effects of tha
poor diet of the tropics combined . with
the effects of the heat, we have only to
look at the inhabitants of these countries.
As. a general rule they are thin, poorly
built and 'unfit for Intellectual or physical
labor. Occasional exceptions will only
confirm the rule.
"Even the foods which are produced ara
Insufficient In amount, so that the least
Interference with the annual crops results
In famines, as is the case in India to-day.
Indeed. India has always been the land of
fabulous rlchea of a few and of famines
of tho millions. Until recently In tho
cold countries there were none of fabulous
wealth and but few famines.
."Everything In hot countries Is harmful
to man; the ground, the water and the
air, swarming with miasma and vermin,
and with torment- and danger. Life ia as
much a torment aa a pleasure, fer what
ever -makes life ¦ worth living la Sacking.
They depend for Indispensable necessaries
upon the temperato ssonea, to which thsy
furnish only the luxuries,"
We had been told how very naughty
the first act was. and to the uninitiated
it afforded a glimpse of what is popu
larly repposed to be "life behind the
¦oeaea.** It was all there. The dressing
room, the Cowers, the champagne, and
last bat not least the invitation to the
little supper when all was over. The ln-
Like little Miss Muffet I Bat on a tuf
fet, eating? Tea, eating my heart out
in an agony of fear of the hundreds of
electric wlrea that were colled about on
the Coor at my feet like endless snakes
gone wrong. There was nothing to do but
to make the best of It and hope that
leather was a non-conductor, bo with a
eiga that suggested Fox's "Book of Mar
tyrs" I resigned myself to my fate.
The audience rustled in to the znnslc of
its silken petticoat, removed Its hat and
gloves, and settled itself to small talk
and gossip until the curtain went op.
Then It leaned back comfortably to take
In the mudv-talked-of "Zaxa."
-Zaza" from the wings, or any other
play, for that matter, is not the animated
pastel one U accustomed to raze upon
from the front. It Is rather the garish
poster, painted Is bold colors, that at once
captures and holds the eye, commanding
the attention of the onlooker.
Sy Anne Page.
••— NIGHT In here.**
"fj "Where?"
r"A "Right here."
\ I rasped and thought of the ntt.
ber of pounds of me that went In
breadth.
"But I am afraid I can't g»t in there."
"Oh. yes. you can— «ee, I pull this back
end you slip In — so."
I stepped back In the shadow and wait
ed. All was quiet 'withlnl Occasionally
there was subdued talking. \ Then the
door opened and the woman who has been
called the American Bernhardt .stepped
out followed by her maid, who' lifted the
train of her gown, relieving her of Its
weight. She stopped and, knowing. the
star's aversion to Interviewers, I actually
expected something discourteous. I was
pleasantly disappointed, for
with a smile she said, 'Tou must
be tired." I hastened' to assure her that
I was not > » - \ -x " - '
"Have you. seen my dressing-room?
You know I designed It myself. .' Come and
see what you think of It" > .'.;".'.' ~
I stepped Into the room.. It .was. per
haps, some twelve by eight feet. At the
end was a large mirror, completely sur-
Now, a liberal translation of the forego
ing would read, "No peddlers, no agents
and no newspaper. women. wanted!" •"
MRS. LESLIE CARTER.
PRIVATE.'; .
But it is around the star's real dressing
room where centers the' most interest'
Mrs. Carter's dressing room^ Is unique for
many reasons. To. begin with, she is the
only actress who carries her room with
her. A very business look'lug metal plate
to the left of ths door announces ¦ ¦ '
tell of It fit themselves Into the three
walls of Zaza's cottage. These walls are
hung with photographs of-. Fouger*,
Merode and other beauties of the.Odeon
and Francais. These are not distinguish
able from the front, but it Illustrates the
careful attention to detail which charac
terizes all of Belasco's productions. They
are the photographs one would expect to
find around the room of a. woman of
Zaza's type.
There is complete change of scene for
the second act When one stands In the
middle of the stage and gazes up It looks
like a mammoth cave hung with huge
-stalactites, which at a signal slowly de
rcend and In less time than it takes to
The clergy, who have risen up in arms
against "Zaza," should be Invited behind
the scenes. They should leave off split
ting moral hairs on a Sunday and learn
how human ropes are spliced on a Mon
day. They would find, much to their
surprise, no ' doubt, that the men and
women who comprise this particular com
pany are ladles and gentlemen. They
pass from the stage directly to their
dressing, rooms. There Is no load laugh
ter, no familiarity, no loitering and no
.drinking. * Everything goes- like clock
work, the atmosphere of quiet extending
even to the stage carpenters and property
men.
The beginning and end of our lesson in
life Is to find out that things are not
what they seem, and to discover that the
dancer who smiles, flirts and coquets
while before the footlights Is the most
matter-of-fact and serious person to bo
found In a day's Journey when off the
Btage, is, to say the least, disappointing.
We have selected, mounted, framed and
hung our pet ideas according to our own
fancy and are loth to see them step
down from their place and mingle with
the common things of life.' '
evltable "Duke also appeared, lending to
the Americanized version of the play the
fascination of his titled and senile pres
ence. What would the world do, after all,
If It were deprived of the little scandals
afforded by the nobility? i Would not tho
Sevres teapot remain full on one's day at
borne for very want of guests to drain it?
A Wednesday matinee Is the bete noire
of . the player-^f oik. Mrs. Carter was not
w^ell,.but personal ills must be laid, aside
when ¦* one has ' become public property.
With but a* few.' hours of rest she must
go on again at 8 o'clock. She must be
Zaza, she must live, love. and suffer, and
when 'she says that she' pities and loves
the poor '.ignorant girj.she portrays, one
is' not surprised to know* that her kisses,
laughter and tears afe real,- the latter so
real that her handkerchief .is- a wet rag
when the' curtain falls on the fourth act.
In that act slie runs the gamut of human
passions with an art that conceals art, and
she staggers to her room convulsed with
sobs that no' amount of training can stop
at will. In this act • the breakfast scene,
like the steak, is a bit overdone.* It takes
riogallery play'to win applause In a, San
Francisco ' audience which • Is representa
tive of our best people. The steak, which
Is also real, is fed nightly to the collie
dog who has bee? the mascot' of the com
pany since -its start, v • , '. . y.\
. Mrs. Carter has a. magnificent stage
presence, and It is Interesting to know
mrmngm, ana sne loofcs upon her success
only an the result of bard labor. But It
Is so rarely one meets a nature big enough
not 'to be Intoxicated by the plaudits of
the world. It may be, because she has
Bounded so well the depths of sorrow, that
she has learned In the hard school of ex
perience how to measure its approbation.
Mrs. Carter has none of the affectations
and mannerisms that are too often bought
at Fame's bargain counter. It Is plain
to be seen that gentility has been her
rounded by electrlo bulbs or ; emciwit
colors. -By pressing, a button she could
turn on red, blue,- green or white lights,
thus arranging her make-up to suit the
lights to be thrown -on her during any
particular act Everything was immacu
lately, clean.' A white sheet I covered -the
floor, and shelves along one end held hats,
boxes, dainty boots and numerous other
things necessary for her ,part 'On _6n»
wall was hung a large shield over which
was crossed ) the American flag and the
Union Jac. This was presented to her
on th» first .night ; of ,^-her great
London' J. triumph. iv At the sides of
the- room A on the ' floor '..". were ar
ranged electriti-, heaters, for use as she
smilingly explained. In cities .not blessed
with a climate 'like ours. All around the
top were ventilators, and the whole room
comes apart in two pieces and folds, tak
ing up surprisingly little room In transpor
tation. In this way, she Is always sure
of a clean, comfortable, ' well-lighted
apartment, a great consideration when
one Is on the road, subject to all sorts
of inconvenleuces in the way of dressing
room accommodations. Although some of
our modern theaters have suitable rooms,
the majority are built with no other
thought than economy of space.
you know he will think I have fainted." '
"Tea, ma'am."
"With a healthy volcanic sign she arose
and returned to hubby.
"Say!" I said to the maid. *Tra Tery
deaf, and I've dropped my handkerchief—
' do you- suppose I could find itT*
•Tea. ma'am"— and the telephone com
pany has not yet discovered herl
I hurried back. The curtain fell and
there were several recalls, then all went
to their dressing-rooms. The stage was
cleared, the leaves picked op, the carpet
rolled back, everything returned to Its
place with quiet and careful precision, all
in readiness for the next performance of
"Zaza."
"Oh, say, do you know, I simply can't
go back— I've Just cried and cried— flay,
I thought I would like to see how the
audience took the fourth act, so I want
out Into the foyer. That proved uninter
esting and I went into the ladies' loung
ing room. There sat a woman, fair, fat
and forty. Tou know the style that
chums with any and every body Fate
may throw across her path. Her unfortu
nate victim was tho colored maid who
smilingly arranges your wrap— for & con
sideration.
"Last summer I took a run across to
Paris to see the French version of Zaza,
I was disappointed, however, as they had
withdrawn It. I took a carriage one
night and drove to the Ambassadeurs and
stopped just here (indicating the position
of the Victoria). It was Just such a night
and so like this that I felt quite at home.
Tou know they always applaud this scene
when the curtain rises."
act. A property, man aroused himself
from a quiet nap he had been snatching
In the comfortable cushions of Zaza'a car
riage. He rolled the Victoria to Its
proper position, fastened the reins to a
ladder and then lighted the lamps which
refused to stay lit. A lame boy scattered/
leaves over the green carpet and th«
flower, girl came on ready for her en
trance. .
"This Is an exact reproduction of the
Champ3 Elysee," Bald Mr. Stevenson.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
MRS. LESLIE CARTER AND HER PORTABLE
DRESSING-ROOMgans becomes impaired, and dropsy
and disease of the lungs ensue. In
kidney disease, the waters and im
purities of the body, not being whol
ly eliminated, accumulate in the tis
sues, dropsy and other disturbances
resulting therefrom. Diseases of
the brain or spinal cord lead to
paralysis or impairment of func
tion of the limbs or internal organs.
Cancer or-scrofula in one part may
give rise to cancer or scrofula in
other parts. In short, as all func
tions of the body are interdepend
ent, inflammation in any one organ
will affect the entire organism in
two different zuays; first, by the
poison which forms at the seat of
the disease; second, by the lost func
tion of the organ.
Microbes are so ., minute in sise
that they are visible only under the
microscope when magnified from
600 to 1000 times. These germs
are the ditect and material cause of
all contagious and. epidemic dis
eases, but most of them cannot prey
face cream you can discover, as it
favora a soft and velvety condition
of the skin with a decided tendency
to fineness. After th© neck begins to
lose its contour, shun stiff collars as
you would the plague, and use soft
¦wrappings, which ar© much more be
coming to the face. As an example,
note the faces of the Sisters of Charl
ity .whom you meet from time to
time and see what the soft whito
throat bands do for their faces.
Stocks of unstarched pique make
an excellent foundation for throat
swathing*. They can be used under
ribbon or velvet stocks, and, if not
too tight, will do little injury to tha
beauty of the skin. As to emollients,
any pur© cream that is designed for
the face skin can be used to advan
tage upon the neck. But, unless one
can be sure of the purity of the mix
ture, it is better to use ' the home
made article. The manner of manipu
lation is simple. Th© fats and oils
ar© blended . by heat applied to a
double boiler or to a vessel of water
in which the receptacle for the oils is
placed. Heat should not be directly
applied to this receptacle, because th*
blending process is delicate and must
be done by means of gentle heat. Per
fumed water and other liquid ingredi
ents are to be added by degrees after
the oils are removed from the ; fire,
and the stirring must be continual.
A CHAT ON THE CARE OF THE NECK
BY MRS. MARTHA WT WENTWORTH-
A silver fork is the best implement
for the beating, which must be kept
up until the mixture is nearly cool.
A few drops of benzoin tincture or
a tiny pinch of borax will prevent'
the cream from becoming rancid, no
matter how long it is kept, provided
it is put up in small jars, which can
be tightly closed. Both benzoin and
borax. help in th© whitening process
by which the neck is to become beau
tified. ;¦¦; ,
The flabby throat has always been
regarded as an unmistakable sign of
age. It only came with th© piling up
of years before the advent of th© stiff,
high collar, which threatens destruc
tion to neck beauty before the wearer
has more than reached maturity. It
is amazing to see the faith women
place in ten or fifteen minutes of
massage, balanced against', as many
hours' of flesh torture in ¦tarched
linen bonds. The massage Is not
wrong,' for it retards the destroying
process a, little, but the only sure
safeguard is the abandonment of all
but soft, loose throatwear.
A dark neck, or one disfigured by
a line which marks the ;; top of the
high collar, has 'often yielded ito a
persistent • treatment of cocoa butter
or olive oil, rubbed thoroughly into
the skin, which is afterward; bathed
in a lotion made of two ounces each
of alcohol and water and fifteen drops
dainty and sweet in femininity, and
would b© worth adoption by th« girl
who is searching for novelties. Rosa
scent and coarseness, however, could
never go together^-they would fall
out at the first crossing. So the girl
who would dream of making such a
choice would naturally be of a refined
type, and to her I make the sugges
tion of the choice.
passed down from mother to daugh
ter for generations, and it contains
only white wax, spermaceti, almond
oil and rose water. Every woman of
that family has been, noted for her
beautiful complexion, so the virtues
of the cream are unmistakable. There
are no unsightly necks among those
women, for every particle of exposed
ckin is nightly treated with the pure
and cleansing emollient. The propor
tions are' one ounce each of wax and
spermaceti and four ounces each of
cil and rose water. For myself, I like
a pinch of borax in this mixture and
a few drops of oil of rose put into the
perfumed water for a stronger scent.
Rose is an old-fashioned perfume,
but its sweetness has never been, sur
passed by modern chemistry. It re
minds one of everything that is
less, for some of them produce a
healthy growth of hair. Many women
have pet formulas, which they con
sider a grain better for their skins
than any they might buy at the
shops. For instance, I know a family
in which a simple formula has been
of tincture of benzoin. Twice a we«k
oatmeal or Jndian meal mixed with
lemon juice and suds of castile soap
should 'be applied to assist in the
whitening process.
Small, red scars left by skin erup
tions often mar the appearance of a
woman's neck, but they will fre
quently yield to a solution of boracic
acid persistently used and followed
by a liberal coat of good face cream.
To a half -teaspoonf ul of the acid al
low two cupfuls of boiling water and
apply with a sponge. A fattening
lotion is made of one-fourth ounce of
tincture of benzoin, eight ounces of
rose water and four ounces of refined
linseed oil, applied each night 'with a
sponge and allowed to dry in. I have
also known a scrawny neck to yield to
the influence of a good nightly bath
of castile soap and warm water, fol
lowed by massage in olive oil and a
thorough wetting in equal parts of
alcohol. and water.
It Is well to remember that one
prescription will not -benefit every
body. If one fails ineffect ; after rea
sonable time has been given for re
sults, try, another,- and another, until
one is found which will do ~ all " re
quired of it. That is the one to cling
to^f or life. Face creams are asTnumer
ous, almost j : as purchasers, ¦ but they
are not all beneficial, or even harm-
gularly Intelligible to any on* who has
the key.
it is akin to the principle that a *a!Hm
In German means to a Kamschatkan or a
Terra del Fuegan all that It possibly
could mean In Germany or at th« an
tipodes.
It Is discovered by th© newspaper cor
respondents in China that, while Chin*
has eighteen provinces, with as many
different dialects, a Peking scholar may
write a letter to a farmer In th© Yunnan
province and be understood perfectly
This, too. In the face of the old Idea tnat
Sooo^taVa'cter» a . abet **** h * V * mo ™
Now it Is discovered as a matter of fact
that Chinese, being a symbollo toning
has no alphabet; aa long as no attempt
to pronounce it Is made, the written lan
guage la by no means difficult to learn.
The phonetic or spoken language, how
ever, la so variable, and so cut up into
dialectic phrases, that few people, even
among the most learned mandarins, •ver
acquire a mastery over them. A Peking
scholar has about aa much, or as little,
chance of understanding 1 a farmer In the
Yunnan province as a London dandy has
of understanding a Welsh miner; but.
when It cornea to writing, th« startling
fact develops that while the miner and
the dandy would not b© able to make
themselves mutually understood in script
the Chinese farmer and th© scholar com
prehend each other fully. ,
This 13 the situation that has led «tu
dents of etlmology to consider th» adop
tion of the Chinese as a business and pro
fessional langauge.
Everywhere these men went In China
they were astounded by th© fact that tha
people of the various province*, al
though Incapable of understanding ona
another verbally, were able to communi
cate with ease and accuracy la writing.
As this condition la exactly opposite to
that governing in Europe, where no uni
formly intelligible code exists, these men
began to examine Into- the merits of the
Chinese tongue. They seem convinced
that it Is the most practical language la
the world, and better suited for universal
adoption than any other. They are not
anxious to have it replace existing
languages, but they recommend it as an
International vehicle of business corre
spondence.
They suggest that In another generation
typewriters will be in use which will
transcribe commercial and professional
thoughts to paper, using the hentrac.t
signs of the modern laundry check.
It Is suggested in favor of this method
of • communication that the Chinese
language is almost the one language of
to-day which" is neither changing nor sub
ject to change; that It is written to-day
almost exactly as it was 20UO years be
fore the coming of Christ. Comparing
the Chinese with the English language.
It has changed since the time of Chaucer
until the ordinary reader nnda It a task
to pick his way to the meaning of phrases
ana combinations that were perfectly in
telligible two centuries ago. Research
shows that while modern languages, that
are all phonetic, undergo perceptible
changes every century. Chinese, which la
the only truly symbolic language surviv
ing, is also the only language, incapable
of being changed by tlma. .
Copyright, 1901, by Walter B. Guild.
A BEAUTY specialist was hold-
Ing forth one day upon the
various methods of obtaining
p.nd holding: beauty, and, incident
ally, commented, upon the compla
cency with which women accepted
scrawny, ugly necks, when it was not
necessary. No other part of the body
responds so readily to treatment, she
averred, as she proceeded to describe
the simple methods of beautifying
the neck. . : ?Jv v ''
If there are hollows in the neck
and throat, they can be filled out by
breathing exercises, head wagging
and fattening oils. The best exer
cise is this: Rise upon the tips of the
toes at the moment of taking a deep
breath, and hold it while yon count
fifteen. Then exhale with open
mouth, and come down upon the
heels. If this makes you dizzy, be
gin by counting: five, then increase
as you gTow stronger. Repeat this
exercise ten times, night and morn
ing, when the clothing' is loose, and
in two weeks you will see an im
provement.
Massage does much for the beauty
of the neck. The muscles should ba
rotated firmly in a slanting direction
from a point under the chin toward
the shoulders, and from the middle
of the throat backward and upward
toward the ears. Always use an
emollient to prevent unnatural fric
tion of the skin and select the best
The reeult Is that the damp bottle
catches and holds a light film, such as it
would acquire only by years of cellar life.
The final act is performed by the spi
ders. The bottles are placed in a narrow
basket and two or t!".ree energetic spiders
put in with them. The dusty surface of
the bottle offers an excellent .inducement
lor them to work, and it usually takes,
only a few hours for the bottle to get the
most artistic suggestion of cobwebbed
The fifteen-year-old whisky referred to
was a discovery of Professor Wiley of
the Agricultural Department, as has been
said, when he was collecting the liquors
for the American exhibit at Paris.
It developed during that work that
about nine-tenths of the whisky sold over
the bars of the country had never seen a
distillery, but was what is known to the
trade as synthetic whisky; that is to say,
whisky made up of high-proof spirits,
with a sufficient quantity of water, color
ing and flavoring matter to give it the
appearance of having been naturally
aged.
The alcohol Is furnished by high-proof
spirits, generally known as high wines.
The email black spider which haunts
the tenement rafters and delights in tak
ing possession of the windows in aban
doned stores is the chief medium in the
aging process.
The working spider* are not picked up
by chance, but are saved* from day to
day and week to week and fed with care
and system. The cobweb makers have
discovered that, lacking a sufficient sup
ply of freshly killed files, the spiders will
thrive equally well on a gelatinoua mix
ture of meat Jelly, thickened with a little
sugar. , -.*
The first Btep In the operation of aging
a bottle of fresh wine Is to secure an ap
propriate antique labeL
They are printed on a tiny handpress
kept especially for this purpose, and the
aging establishment has a collection of
blocks to simulate a dozen different labels,
*ome of them clever forgeries of the older
•well-known brands. -
The labels are printed In cheap Ink. that
•will not stand too well, anyhow, but the
artlns do not trust to this alone, for a
basket of 1756 j-ort may have to come to
the table in forty-eight hours after it has
received Its cobweb draperies. Conse
quently the labels are ail dipped in a
t-mall bowl of weak tobacco water and
dried on a line over the stove.
The mellow suggestion of age given by
this expedient is surprisingly deceptive
when, one considers the simplicity o£ the
operation.
The labels are pasted and the bottle Is
ready for the finishing touches. This con
sists in dipping them in a bucket of water
and allowing them to drain -without wip
ing. Before they are quite dry they are
dusted very lightly with a mixture of
wood" ashes* and very fine sawdust.
United States Agricultural Depart
ment when it went to assemble the ex
hibit of American liquors for the Paris
Exposition.
When one Ftops to consider how simply
the aping process can be accomplished,
end bow many hundred per cent it adds
to the selling price of what would other
wise be a very cheap wine, it is not at all
Furprising that the trade is resorted to
and that its devotees flourish.
FIFTEEN- YEAR-OLD whisky made
In fifteen minutes was one of the
things that was discovered by the
Secrets of Fake Whisky Making.
The color is obtained by the addition of
caramel, prune Juice or some similar
agent, while a very email addition of gly
cerin gives the "head" that is one of th©
first signs that an amateur expert looks
for as he tips his glass up at an angle
and watches the suspicion of oiliness
where the liquor clings to the side.
In making the American exhibit for
Paris the Agricultural Department was
most careful about this feature of the dis
play, and while there was a large number
of synthetic whiskies in the exhibit, their
makers were compelled to classify them
as such, so that there was no misunder
standing as to their status In the exhibit,
and no unfair advantage was taken of
the exhibitors of genuinely distilled
liquors.
All the World May Write Chinese
HINESE as a possible universal
[( business language for the commer-
world Is startling at a first
glance, but there are persons who
reason that It ought to be so. They ar»
saying that the lack of the Chinese lan
guage In business correspondence the
world over Is making untold worry and
trouble for nations that are encouraging
international trade.
This Is an Idea that has been evolved
by the presence of allied troops In China.
These troops are discovering that, while
the gibberish of the yellow man Is rather
more' intricate than th© Bpeech of Gar
ner's monkeys— because there is so much
more of It— the written language Is sin-
Again, after an injury or ca*
tarrhal inflammation has been pro
duced on the skin or internally,
either by mechanical, chemical,
thermal, electrical or poisonous
agencies, the tissues thus affected
lack vitality and become suitable
grounds, for the development of
germs. The reasons for this lie in
the fact that the skin and the lining
membranes of our internal cavities
are natural protective shields
against disease; wfien these pro*
on sound ' tissue, a point which
should be remembered. But in the
presence of one or several of the
predisposing or exciting causes al
ready mentioned, such germs find
the tissues a suitable soil for de*
vebpment. In fact, they develop
zvherever the blood and glandular
secretions are not in a condition to
destroy them. The blood, glandu
lar secretions and digestive juices
in the healthy have a destructive
power on germs; the absence of this
power leaves the individual sus
ceptible to being preyed upon.
The same healthy condition of the
body has another eventful advant
age: it enables ulcers, wounds and
injuries of all kinds to heal much
more rapidly.
That disease germs attack and
Prey on the human organism with a
facility and rapidity proportionate
to the susceptibility of the individ
ual is a fact generally recognised.
Poor health, nervous debility and
anemic blood are conditions which
constitute this susceptibility, and
are, therefore, like gates open to in
vasion. It is indisputably settled
to-day that a good health is the an
tagonist of the elements productive
of disease. This antagonistic force
is made up of the potential energy
of the nervous system, and of the
vitality of the blood and glandular
secretions. These are our natural
defenses against disease; when
normal, they are capable of destroy
ing most of the germs which find
tlteir zvay into the human organism.
When the blood is sufficient in quan*
tity, good in quality, and is made to
circulate actively by exercise, and
the nervous system is not shattered
by overuse or strain, the individual
may be said to be comparatively
safe from most of the diseases set
up by germs or microbes. If at
tacked, he will almost every time
pull through quickly, or at any rate
have the best of the disease.
The ijicatenation of ailments
and causes should also be borne in
mind. For instance, a sick head
ache arises from a defective diges
tion, defective digestion is often
caused by torpidity of the liver and
constipation, while the most com
mon causes of a torpid liver and in
activity of the bowels are want of {
exercise or a depressed nervous sys
tem, which depression is in turn
most commonly due to summer heat
or mental disturbances, such as
grief, worry, anger, brain fatigue,
etc. ' .
breakdown occurs through their
combined effects.
tective envelopes or linings are
broken or diseased they themselves
are quickly attacked by microbes
and the tissues -beneath are no
longer protected. 'Furthermore, the
presence of these germs interferes
with the normal process of healing,
unless antiseptics are used to de
stroy them.
On the other hand, it cannot be
denied thai certain species of germs
have the power of attacking healthy
tissues. Among these we find not
ably the germs of diphtheria, ty
phoid fever, whooping cough,
measles, smallpox, chickenpox and
syphilis. There is no room for
doubt, however, that even these dis
eases zvill be milder in character,
shorter in duration and less fatal
in the robust than in the weak.
Microbes, in their development,
produce a certain poison usually
termed toxin, which, by being ab
sorbed into the blood, gives rise to
fever, headache and backache as
soon as it reaches the brain and
spinal cord. Hence, fever in dis
ease is an indication that germs are
at work.
• This invasion of bacteria or
microbes is what is termed "infec
tion" or "blood poisoning." In the
popular mind the term "blood pois
oning'* has a significance limited to
infection of a zvound with virulent
germs, but, in fact, all diseases at
tended with fever may be properly
termed "blood ' poisoning" for
poison is present in the blood when
ever there is fever.
• REMARKS— In what precedes
zve have seen that the causes of dis
ease are manifold and multiform,
and that different diseases vary
zvidely in origin. In addition I
should state and emphasise the fact
tliat oftentimes the disease arises
from combined causes; the cases
are indeed numberless in which one
causative factor could not have
enough pernicious influence to seri
ously affect health, but other bane
ful influences supervening, the
5. Excessive heat, which, by
depressing the nervous system de
presses the general functions,
especially digestion. \
4. Impure air, which devital
ises the blood.
5. Bodily end mental work.
6. Abnormal psychic condi
tions, such as anxiety, grief,
frights, melancholy, frequent fits of
anger, mental depression, irritabil
ity of temper, keen hope, constant
family cares, business worry, dis
appointments, keen or anxious love,
dramatic impressions, undue sexual
excitement, in short, all prolonged
or often repeated mental disturb
ances.
~. Want of sleep, which de
stroys the vitality very rapidly.
8. Old age. In old age the
1. Heredity, upon which the
tendency or liability to certain dis
eases is founded.
2. Want of or unsuitable nour
ishment.
PREDISPOSING CAUSES—
In this class are embodied the in
herited constitution and nervous
system, and all conditions of life
and circumstances which tend to
lower the vitality of the body. By
enumeration ive find:
norance, neglect and
want. Let these four legs be ampu
tated -and disedse will cease travel
ing from place to place and from
man to man. In fact, nearly all
diseases, barring those resulting
from accident, are related by their
causes to one or several of the above
four counts. Microbes themselves
depend upon them.
Now ftfssing to details, in order
to enable the reader to gain a clear
comprehension of the causes of dis
ease, I have classified them into pre
disposing, exciting, specific or or
ganised and original or funda
mental.
(Copyrighted.)
•jr~^\ISEASE is an animal of
I J P r O' which walks on four
jL^/ legs, viz: Heredity, ig-
bones are more brittle and therefore
more liable to break; the arteries
have lost their elasticity, and as a
consequence the circulation of the
blood is less equally distributed
throughout the body,, the tissues are
less nourished and their functional
activity gradually diminishes.
p. Failure of taking /luid in
sufficient quantity to wash out the
impurities of the body.^
10. Want of exercise.
11. Indoor life and want of
sunshine or sunlight.
12. Weak constitution or
anemia, in which case the organism
offers but little resistance to the in
vasion of disease.
EXCITING CAUSES—i. In
juries. This includes wounds,
burns, bruises, scalds and the de
struction created by poisons and
acids. Injured tissues offer no re
sistance to disease germs, and be
come rapidly their feeding ground,
unleis protected by an antiseptic
dressing, such as carbolic acid,
vaseline, etc.
2. Prostrating heat or xun
stroke, which, has a destructive
action on the blood and brain.
5. Sezrre chilling of the lody,
which destroys the ' equilibrium of
the circulation of the blood, with
consequent internal congestion or
inflammatory catarrhs. ,
4. Overeating or improper
feeding.
5. Constipation, that is, failure
of excreting poisonous materials.
6. Uncleanliness.
7. Overindulgence in intoxi
cants, tobacco, coffee or tea. Intoxi
cants create a gradual destruction
of the internal organs.
ORIGINAL OR FUNDA
MENTAL CAUSES— By origin
al cause is meant a local disease
which gives rise to disease else*
where, and may ez'cn affect the en
tire body. The following are in
stances of this case: In heart dis
ease, the circulation of the blood be
ing deficient, the function of all or-
THE SUXDAY CALL.
SPECIFIC OR ORGANIZED
CA USES — These, when belonging
to vegetable life, are known as dis
ease germs, bacteria, microbes or
micro-organisms, while those per
taining to animal life, such as
worms and lice, go under the name
of parasites.
6
GENERAL CAUSE OF
THF SCIFNrF OF
A Study of the Dreservation of
Acquirement of Beautywith a terrific glare through his glasses.
"I— I only wanted to know." I stam
mered, "I hope I haven't offended you."
HJs glare modified and he spoke more
calmly. "No, no; the suddenness of your
query prevented me for the moment from
perceiving its motive." he said, carefully
collecting the scattered parasites and
blowing them into position. "Doubtless
you contemplate becoming an authoress
yourself?"
His tone was ambiguous, but the words
sent delicious thrills all through me. "Oh.
Mr. Grudder." I said, breathlessly, com
ing close to him and leaning my arm on
the table, "do you think I ever possibly
could?"
I could Fee myself In the glass of thf
picture opposite, a round youthful fact
framed in fair curls f.nd widely opened.
blue eyes saring eagerly into the fierce
ones behind the goggles.^
"Certainly. 1 see no obstacle " he said,
with sardonic dec'sion. "Raw inexperience
«ir.d an utter lack of the proprieties of ex
preplan form the foundation of literary
success In the inresent day, and" — contem
plating my ilushed cheeks with grim de
liberation-"! rl-.ould imagine that In tho
c.se of a young female of your descrip
tion an introduction to the editor would
complete the matter."
That was how the seed was sown. From
th.it moment I was possessed with but one
idea— an Introduction to an editor. If my
personal aj>peaicnce (of which Mr. Grud
tlt-r evidently thought a great deal) waa
Hkcly to impress an editor, how much
greater was that impression likely to be
when combined with my genius? (of which
Mr. Giudder evidently thought nothing at
all). «
A few days later one of the journals la
which I'ncle Robert contributed scientific
matter char.eed to contain an illustrated
interview with the editor of the Firefly, a
magazine "crowned with a peculiar dia
drtn" in my eyes, as It invariably rejected
my stories on the comforting plea of
"want of space." From this I learned
that the said editor was young and good
looking (the photograph spoke for* Itself
in that respect), leaned rather toward the
romantic than ihe prosaic side of life, was
poFsessotl of a Keen sense of humor (thers
were lurking lines around the mouth de
noting this); and. above all, had a tre
mendous capacity for recognizing latent
talent in young authors.
The very person I was looking for! The
Introduction once obtained, my future
future was assured. But how obtain it?
Inexperienced as I was— and in knowledge
of the world a new born kitten could have
given me points— I yet knew well that to
present myself at the door of the offlc©
in my ordinary aspect, with a manuscript
under my arm and a request that I might
be permitted an interview with the editor,
would be to meet a refusal, polite or oth
erwise, as the case might be.
No. It must be something unusual,
something startling. My commonplace
personality must be concealed beneath
some romantic and fascinating exterior
and the introduction must be casual, not
formal, in character.
The number of disguises that suggested
themselves to me! A fortune teller, a sis
ter of mercy, a crossing sweeper, an es
caped lunatic, a convict, in turn com
mended themselves to my Imagination.
But not one satisfied my artistic senses.
The crossing sweeper took my fancy rath
er, but Uncle Robert's were the only male
habiliments I had to draw upon, and the
patterns were too remotely hideous for
contemplation. Finally. 1 posed before
the locking-glass as a riowcr girl in the
last stage of destitution, and my mind
was made up In a moment.
With the assistance of the milk boy I
smuggled into the house one morning a
profusion of spring blossoms. (Save for
purposes of botanical research flowers
were severely condemned by Uncle Rob
bert.) That difficulty surmounted, I de
voted the rest of the day to my make-up
—the before-mentioned pose had been im
promptu meitly; the final design was the
result of feverish deliberation and pro
found thought.
I selected for my purpose an old green
frock which 1 bad considerably outgrown.
This was an advantage, my feet being
decidedly pretty. To this garment I de
voted my attention for several hours, in
order to reduce it to a natural appearance
of dilapidation. I tipped the contents of
the cruet stand on it by way of a begin
ning, but the effect on the fabric was
hardly as perceptible as might have beea"
expected. Some applications of French
blacking were more successful, but . a
tincture of Uncle Robert's for removing
warts answered the purpose better than
anything. A few dabs of this brought
about a condition of the sere and yellow
leaf with astonishing rapidity. With some
finishing touches, In the shape of candle
drippings and Jagged tears In conspicuous
x^TT! What shall I do?"
I* George's eye? met mine with mild
X^J/ r.qulry. "What's the matter,
KUty?"
"It's that story for r.ext month's Rain
bow, and I can't think of a plot."
George didn't *=;>oak for a moment. He
Hill r<cnr<1<?<1 me slowly over the rim of
liis n< w>pajier. "You mipht fall back
upon liuiobiography," he observed tenta
tivt'.y at-4ast.
"As if anything had ever happened In
rny earner which the mo?t Imaginative s"e
ni'js could possibly build a story upon," I
snapped, irritably.
"There's always the one Incident," mur
murt'tl niy husband, ani I flushed scarlet.
"Don't. Georpe, dear," I said, implor
ingly. He know? how 1 hate any allusion
to that :<:Tair. "I couldn't possibly."
"It would be distinctly original, and it's
a good many years apo; you were 17 then,
and you're IN now "
"Gcorpe: How can you! I'm only 27."
• although you don't look It. and you
oouM wrap it up and mention no names.
Kitty."
•"So I could, but *'
"Don't tn'k any mor»." with plaintive
frailty from behind thf newspaper. And
i:i a few ::.:..;- 1 bcjrati.
How weary I was of it all! That lyins
r*.v;ikf> every morning for the postman's
knockj and ihen slipping dov.-nrialrs In my
dreMdng «rown, and separating ray letters
from Uncle Hotx'rt's. Not for th«> world
would I have let his terrible *-yes alijrht
upon than bulgy packets addressed to
*'&!iss Kathleen llowan," In ray own hitnl
arrltlnf. Uncle Robert nUvays had a para
lyzi:ig effect on me. SorrNHim*'*' I used to
dream I had overslept myself aril saw
him looking ov^r his eyegbuses at those-
Incriminating packages or. the breakfast
table. an<i trying: "Niece, your corre
spondence Is Btunewnat voluminous this
morning. Might I be permitted to view
tho Interior of that foolscap envelope?"
Cold terror would wake me up. Heavens!
It' such a thing «?v*r did happen! If L'nele
Robert should ever discover that h'.s
niece. Professor Rowan's niece-, who had
been steeped in science from her cradie,
whose recreations bad begun and ended
outside the giass cases in Kensington Mu
seum, bad disgraced her ancestry by such
an outraseouh misdemeanor as the perpe
tration <jf rictlor. : And moreover had fol
lowed up the erime by deluging ever-"
magazine oflice in London with her pro
ductions.
liiil>pily. bo far. I had managed excel
lently well. ;T.d Uncle Hobert knew noth
ing ot tile, eiodus and return Of ray frivo
lous fiishia.
How I had grown to loathe that phrase
"The editor regrets." I was never de
ceived by u. 1 knew perfec ly well that
the editor was not to blame, and that my
rejection wus entirely owing to the jeal
ously of underling clerks, who meanly
abstained from .submitting my manuscript
to the disci-rniJig eye «jf their superior.
But all the same, 1 suffered terribly.
There were moments of despair in which
1 would resolve lo immolate myself like
Chatterton. but I was always deterred
from the fatal act by the reflection that
there would be nobody to gaze upon my
pale wan corpse with lilies strewn around
It save L'nele Robert and Janet, the deaf
housekeeper. L'nele Robert's friends
couid iia.rdly be taken into account. They
were wizened old creatures, attached
somehow or other to the Museum, who
never called except with nUscroscopes
and new specimens. They paid gTeat re
epect to Lncie .Robert, but they never
titmed to «>ee me. I think they had lost
the power of seeing with the naked eye.
Curiously enough, though, it was one
of these very old gentlemen who inspired
me to undertake the solitary adventure
cf rr.y life.
His name was Grudder, and Uncle Rob
ert and the rest invariably referred to
him ae a "master mind." But they shook
their htads sometimes over what they
called Grudder's weakness. "A man
of Orudder's mental caliber should ignore
with Bcorn his rejection at the hands of
a purblind bitdern press," waa a remark
1 overheard one day. From which I aug
ured that Mr. Grudder also had suffered
from rejected manuscripts. Emboldened
by thla knowledge, 1 rushed eomewhat
thoughtlessly into conversation with him
at the next opportunity.
"Mr. Grudder," I began artlessly, as ho
eat In the library miscrcscopically exam
lr.lr.g the parasites of a cyclops, "it's very
hard to get anything accepted for a mag
azine. Isn't It?"
To ray dismay h* thumped his hand
•uddenly down on the table, scattering
the parasites la all direction*, and raved
out:
•Th« relevancy of the Inquiry Is not ap
parent to me, young woman!" fixing me
(Copyright in the Urltefl States of Amer
ica by D. T. Pierce.)
"Don't do anything of the kind. Kitty."
said George decisively, "that's Just tha
sort of ending: editors like."
He was as good as his word. Only a
fortnight afterwards, as I was sitting at
the window In the evening, up dashed a
hansom with Uncle Robert and George—
"I say, you've let the cat out of the bag
now," said my husband who had been,
looking over my shoulder the last ten
minutes.
"Have I? How?— Oh, I see— I'll cross it
out."
"You won't betray me," I said, and tha
air seemed tense with the solemnity oi
my appeal.
The editor came close to me and put
his band softly on my shoulders.
"My dear little girl." he said, looking
straight into my eyes, and he was serious
enough, now, "I wouldn't betray you for
all the world."
After that I told him everything. Ha
knew Uncle Robert. It seemed, quite well,
and he was starting a new magazine, and
Uncle was going- to contribute the science
articles, and the editor had appointed
that evening to arrange about the illus
trations. *
"He's nearly due again now." concluded,
the editor, "so I think I'd better put you
into a cab to avoid a collision."— Really
he could not have been more kind and
considerate if I had appealed to his ar
tistic taste. "I shall get Professor Rowan
to invite me to diner." he said smiling
as he held my hand through the window
of the four wheeler, "and give me a per
sonal introduction to his niece."
"An authoress!"
f "Yes. and my stories are always r—re
turned, and somebody suggested a per
sonal Introduction to an editor might be a
help, and it said in the interview that you
were romantic and that you loft the office
at 7 o'clock, and so I — I dressed up. and I
meant to appeal to your artistic t— taste — "
iHere I caught a side view of myself in the
mirror and collapsed again.
"But you met with some-of the real ar
ticle on the way. By jove!" said the edi
tor, turning to his desk, and there was no
doubt about his mouth this time. He was
simply roaring. I felt as If I should like
the floor to op^n and swallow me up.
"I'll g— go now," I said, standing up.
"No, don't," said the editor, swiftly.
"Where's the MS.?"
At another moment my heart would
have throbbed with tumultuous happiness
at the question, but that Image In the
looking-glass was too present to me. No
genius could stand against such odds a*
that. Besides, the event of the evening
had somehow modified my sense of ge
nius. I searched amid my rags and hand
ed him the MS. for which I had braved
and suffered so much. Then I stood si
lently by and resignedly awaited my con
demnation. »
The editor sat down at his desk and
turned over the leaves as if he were run
ning his eye down a catalogue. "Crude —
grammar might be worse — construction
atrocious," I heard him muttering to him
self. Then, as he approached the end:
"But you've got imagination," he said,
turning to me, "and that's the great
thing, all the rest will come. Burn every
thing you've written, and don't write any
thing more for six years. Read. Then
try your hand at a novel. You'll do better
with something longer— in six years." (£
did, and it ran into a second edition.) Ha
turned over the last page. "Kathleen
Rowan!" he exclaimed, swooping down
on the name and address— Ah!— I begin to
understand."
"N— no. I belong to quite a res— res —
pectable family at K— enslngton. I— I —
am"— I braced myself for the confession—
"an authoress."
"Friend!" I sat up, my indignation tem
porarily submerging my emotion. "She's
a perfectly hateful person, with dyed hair
and red hands, and she slapped my face!"
"Indeed." murmured the editor, and I
was not sure of his mouth this time. "A
most unwarrantable proceeding, certainly.
What was the provocation?"
"I said I was m-more— attractive than—
she was."
"It was hardly a remark calculated to
conciliate, if I may venture to say so."
"It— was— quite tr— true— then."
"Of course, but in view of her muscular
superiority wouldn't it have been as well
to reserve the ODinion?"
"It was— the lirst— thin? I could think of
to say."
"Do I infer there was Immediate neces
sity-for you to say anything?"
"Yes. t>— don't you see. They were all
w-wnlting."
"All? There were others, then, besides
the lady you mentioned?"
"There were hundred*— all— listening and
—waiting."
"Dear me! What for?"
"For me to explain why I'd been s-sell
ingr flowers on other— people's b — beats."
"Oh!"
. "I d— didn't know. I thought anybody
could sell flowers anywhere."
"Then flower-selling Is not your usual
vocation, I presume'.'" There was a de
cided tinge of curiosity in the editor's tona
and he was looking at me very hard.
ert's. They passed the door to my unut
terable relief end went on slowly dowa
the stairs.
"Has he gone?" I gasped.
"Evidently." said the editor, reconnoi
teriajr through the dcor.
"You're sure he won't come back?"
"Certain. Not for half an hour at any
rate," -with conviction. "He's a very
harmless old gentleman, though. I can as
sure you. Now tell me what's the matter.
Lean back— why, you're tremblins ail
over. Who's been hurting you like this,
eh?"
The editor's voice was sympathetic, his
eyes were full of kind concern and his
mouth, at any rate for the present, waj
grave as a Judge's.
Reassured on the subject of Uncle Rob
ert, my mind reverted to the original ob
ject of my mission, and the recollection
plunged me again into a hysterical condi
tion.
"It's— all a f-allure," I said, Jerkins: out
the words between my aobs, "and It's all
—that— horrible girl's fault."
"What's a failure and what girl?"
"Her n-ame was — Liz— and. and" I
stopped, chokins.
"Was she a friend of yours?" said the
editor, gently helping roe on.
But I was dumb. All my senses were
strained listening to the sound of foot
steps outside, unmistakably Uncle Rob-
"My" dear child, for goodness' sake be
calm; don't cry like that," said the editor,
alternately administering soothing pats
on my back and searching for restora
tives. "It's all right: nobody's coming In;
nobody shall come in. Tell him to go to
the devil!" he shouted over his shoulder
to the clerk who stood diffidently in the
doorway. "That is. tell him I'll be ready
for him in half an hour if he'll call again.
I'm engaged now. Now what has hap
pened? Tell me all about It." he continued,
as the clerk retreated, dragging up an
easy chair and putting me gently into It.
The next moment I had regained the
perpendicular with supernatural rapidity,
precipitated myself upon the editor's
breast and implored him to succor, help
and hide me.
I think I can without shame confess
that at this supreme moment my self
control gave way and I "fainted in coils."
That is to say, I w«;nt through all the
preliminaries of that proceeding and had
actually executed one coil when a llgbt
tap came at the door, and I heard a voice
say, "If you please, sir. Professor Rowan
would like to see you."
round my neck, scratches of all dimen
sions, some bleeding freely, decorated my
face and hands, one eye 'was swelling
rapidly and my dress, rendered probably
less able to bear the strain to which it
had been subjected by reason of the ap
plication of the wart tincture, was liter
ally dropping from me piecemeal. Of
flowers I had none with the exception of
one daffodil with a long stalk, which
somehow or other had become entangled
in my fringe. In which position It stood
erect and gave the finishing stroke to my
appearance. •
The sickening conviction had hardly
formed itself when, as if to add the last
drop to my cup of desolation , I saw my
self reflected in a mlrror^opposite.
Great heavens! the aspect I presented!
My hat, a revolting mass of starting wire
and cardboard, hung in two detachments,
the crown raklshly over my ear, the brim
I tried to answer, but as I met his as
tonished gaze the words fell away from
my lips. . »
I kne.w that face wltn the hair curling
crisply on the temples and the lurking
lines of humor round the straight mouth.
It was the editor!-
He turned his head sharply at my tu
multuous entrance. "Good heavens!" h©
exclaimed, rising 1 quickly with undis
guised amazement. "What on earth's the
matter?" ;v .'-.;. ;
I waited for no more. With a super
human effort, born of sheer frantic terror,
I tore my way through defenders and
antagonists alike, bolted down the street
as on wings -of .the wind and headlong
through an open doorway, the first point
of refuge which presented itself to me. A
dim gaslight revealed a flight of stairs, up
which I sprang, without pause for breath,
and finally dashed into a room on the first
landing, where a broad shouldered man
sat with, his back toward me leaning over
some papers at a desk.
It seemed to me as if I had passed years
tossed hither and thither in the howling
turmoil. In reality but a few moments
could have elapsed from the commence
ment of the fray when I discerned the ng
ure of a policeman striding rapidly round
the corner and behind him — horror! thrice
horror!— the form of Uncle Robert peer
ing curiously to see the cause of the com
motion!
It was the signal for general combat.
Polly and the tawny-halred girl fell on me
tooth and nail; the man who had thrown
me the encouraging comment harried
them in the rear. A vendor of matches,
seizing the opportunity to settle a private
grievance, struck out at Sal, and the
medicals who had joined the crowd, un
percelved by me, attacked everybody In
discriminately.
The noise and uproar were Indescriba
ble, and in the midst was I. struggling
feebly in the grasp of the two viragoes,
all my strength departed in that one reck
less blow of retaliation, my hat smashed
over my eyes, my face scratched and
bleeding, and my mind beginning to
realize in nil its Intensity the horror and
disgrace of my position.
Even at this distance of time I can re
call vividly. the effect of that slap upon
me. It was as If every sleeping devil
within me were roused into fury. Every
spark of dignity, all sense of the place
and the part I was playing deserted me,
and without the pause of a second I
struck back with all the strength 1 pos
sessed. = • i-J
" 'Ear, 'ear!" said a voice from the
crowd. "Go it, little -un, let 'em 'ave It!"
"This is a free •country."' I went on,,
more boldly* encouraged by this applause,
"and if my flowers command better prices
than yours it is only a proof of their su
perior freshness and beauty" — here I cast
a withering glance at the bedraggled wall
flowers of the tawny-halred girl who was
standing close to me, regarding me with
a peculiarly enigmatic expression — "Possi
bly also," I continued, fairly carried off
my feet by my own eloquence, "by my su
perior attraction as a saleswoman."
The next moment I was carried off my
feet in the literal sense of the words by a
resounding slap on the fu.ee from the
tawny-halred girl.
'is shoulder, an' then Oi sees this *uzzy
with 'er grand 'at an' 'er 'lgh 'eels, with
a craowd o' torfs rahnd 'er an' smoilln'
hup in their flees an' loidlln' in th' tin as
if she didn't worn't it!
"Orf a craown— fer a bunch o' violets!
Wot do yer sy ter that?" broke. in Sal be
tween gasping pants. •
"Naow, then, young chit," said my cap
tor, grinning at me derisively and flipping
her fingers close to my face; "speak up,
what do yer sy fer yerself ?"
The sudden onslaught had at first par
alyzed my senses and I was trembling
In every limb, but the tawny fringed girl's
insolent derision woke up my spirit. I
had an added stimulus, too. !n the crowd,
which had "bythis time assembled around
us, .attracted by the commotion and the
shrieking voices of the women.
"I have as much right to earn an hon
est living as you have." I began in a dig
nified tone, "and I consider your language
ana your behavior a disgrace to your
sex."
places, that part of the costume was might encounter Mr. Grudder or some and implored me to-go home if I had, a
complete. The hat was an easy matter, other undesirable person; but no BU ch ' home • t0 ' & 0 / to.'- ¦ There /was something
With some rusty black velvet and some fatality occurred.' and. a B 1 had muffled " g,% n^ d a % ut c^
7*?t£$ ?*»$??*,' k W ° V V creatlon ° f WM and W basket ina shawl. I c*--\^ l $%? t & t C £^%?vto S %-g*n* t i&t
trie uunalo Bill-Gainsborough type, which caped observation of any kind. Once ar- in another moment I should meekly di
md net detract from the general effect of rived at the Strand, however,' I cast off vulge everything and be conveyed home
destitution, and yet was ideally pictur- this disguise and arranged myself before by her, like a lost lamb. In a cab.
esriuo. ,'.:¦ v~V: -::,-' - h 9S , < n „ wveler'n wlndnw To avert this disaster I took safety In
When all was complete and I had S T t oSlc'J of '"t h^SSSy were in ; K ed^o hear Te^foT^eps Tolling
donned my toilette of rags. I stood before George street. I was not qultV sure turned round nervously and foiSd
tne glass with unmitigated satisfaction. I where this was, but I knew it was in the that I had not been deceived as to the
had a strong artistic perception, and I Immediate vicinity, and, as I. had plenty footsteps, but they were not those of the
could not help seeing how well the dingy of time, I asked no one. but threaded my pale-faced Madonna. They were the
dress threw up my pink and white color- way along the crowded I pavement. Ms- Joined"^" another fatur
ing. and how the large hat tilted back urely observant. Before I had gone a few' Xnd° brawn^r "thin^heVself . and' bothwere
rrom my forehead became my young, paces "How . much a bunch. Miss?" dogging me breathlessly, but pertlnaclous
rqund face. I slung my basket with its Btruck upon my ears, and a man's face, ly. and keeping up a running commentary
burden of yellow, cream and purple over hideous and fat, was leering into mine. o'f abuse. < '• • • ,
my shoulder, and as I formed my red lips "Two-pence." I Bald mechanically. ,/^ m h °" t ' s S v a e 1 rse rf W we'll° ? Iv^ th' neelers
into an expression of plaintive sadness thrusting some narcissi into his horrible £,?%* if * we drorpl for It Yer tin™
and shook forward my hair in a golden hand. ,. . biaowed yet. are yer? Wota pity Liz
shower over the sprays of daffodils and "Couldn't you throw a kiss in?" he said, ain't 'ere. She'd ha* tripped 'er boy th'
violets and starry narcissi I felt a modest grasping my wrist. But I shook him off. 'eels. Liz 'ud, in naow toime. There she
conviction that I should be an object of and went hastily on without waiting for' 16 '- the stuck up, whoite livered blby need
interest to any editor of taste. Already I the money. "»ormkeeDln ? 'hiip ain't OI? Oi carn't
saw myself on the highest pinnacle of The next minute another customer as- do more nor Oi can. It's yur beat, but
fame, and visions of philanthropic pa- sailed me. This time it was a good* look- we're pals in this. 'Ullo! there's Lla!
tronage I should then extend to Mr. ing young fellow of the "masher" type, ; 'Ere. Liz; kim 'ere! 'Ere's a pisty-ficed
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Ixsfore sailing. Avoid cold and fatigue in
duced by standing: too long waving fare
well messages. Have some warm wraps,
steamer rugs and hot water bottles, as
the nights are usually cold near this
coas't. It would be wise to rest for a
while in the main saloon before retiring
for the night, the ventilation In the large
Baloons 'being much' better than In -the
sleeping cabins, especially during rough
weather. No flowers In cabin. .
While there is no positive cure for this
disagreeable affliction It Is possible to
alleviate suffering in various ways. Do
not attempt to administer drugs until thj
stomach has beau thoroughly emptied.
Cracked Ice to relieve thirst may be Tteely
swallowed. Cold applications to the hea<l
and nape of the neck; ipply mustard over
the stomach and hot water bottles or*ex
ternal heat In some form to the lower ex
tremities. In this stage a positive assur
ance' that seasickness never terminates
fatally and that the sra is growing much
smoother is never amiss. A declaration
that no other passenger Is Buffering quite
as j severely will generally afford soma
small degree of con30iation. To relieve
distressing nausea, painful spasmodic at
tacks of dry - vomiting and retching, sin
gultus, with spasm of diaphragm that is
apt to. occur aftef the stomach has been
thoroughly emptied, or its contents ren
dered unusually concentrated, acrid and ir
ritating, there is notl.'ne better than co
pious and frequently repeated draughts ot
' hot water. Should ike first draught be
rejected repeat It at Intervals of from, ten
to fifteen . minutes. By so doing enough
liquid would soon bs absorbed to allay
the retching and sooth the stomach by
diluting Its irritating, sour and acrid con
tents. Elevate "the iemperature . of. the
body by improving the circulation and
restore the fluids lost by severe vomiting.
Should pallor of the countenance indicate
- cerebral i anemia the vomiting may occa
sionally be arrested by removing the pil
lows and placing the head on a level with
the body. When -tho .vomiting continues
•in spite of this treatment 'It becomes nec
essary to resort , to remedie* capable of
making a more decided impression on tin
cerebro-splnal system and vomiting cen
ters. After. testing the merits of innumer
able putative "sure cures", for seasick
ness I . found that there were but few
.really useful remedies. Among, them I
1 shall' mention strychnine, atroplne, nltro-
several ancient medical writers. As an
example, Rabelais thus describes the pre
parations for a voyage to be made by
Pantagruel and his followers, vis.: "After
prayers a melodious psalm, then a feast;
then all drank; they drank to-all, which
was the cause that none of the whole
company gave up what they had eaten,
nor were seasick with a pain at the head
and stomach, which inconvenlency they
could not so easily have prevented by
drinking for some time before salt water,
either alone or mixed with wine; using
quinces, citron peel, Juice of pomegran
ates, sourish sweetmeats, fasting, cover
ing their stomachs with paper, or follow
ing such other idle remedies as foolish
physicians prescribe to those that go to
sea."
A more modern plan of preventive
treatment, of which I had a larg» and
favorable experience while residing in
Australia, consists in the use of remedies
that tend to diminish the reflex irritabil
ity of the vaso-motor nervous system-
There is sufficient evidence to convince us
that the bromides when suitably used
will Induce a decided diminution of reflex
irritability without interfering material
ly with the action of the motor centers of
the brain-that they affect the reflex func
tions of the' cord only, without impairing
the activity of the motor tract. As some
individuals are extremely sensitive to bro
mides this treatment is not advised un
less it Is possible to keep the : patient
under observation lest he become over
bromized—an unnecessary degree of
chemical restraint. Carefully detailed di
rections for using the bromide preventive
treatment may be found in the late Dr.
Beard's treatise* on seasickness, in which
he incorporated much of the experience
I had gained during several years, of
careful observation. As it is possible for
travelers to obtain all the benefits'of the
sea voyage without suffering the discom
forts of seasickness, it Is quite evident
that it is not a beneficial disease, and con
sequently we should endeavor to prevent
• Its occurrence. In a general way I should
advise preventive treatment ¦ for suscep
tible travelers as follows: Avoid unneces
sary fatigue by having all the important
preparations for the journey completed
the day before sailing. Avoid heavy din
ners, late suppers and much wine. Get
as much rest and natural sleep -. as • pos
sible, and be on board the ship an hour
Sc5efflt5if5c DflscossioefoyMflllan Somle, Surgeon S. S.Sierra
glycerin, morphine, calomel and trlonal.
A few of the much vaunted remedies, such
as cocaine, nitrite of amyl, hydrate of
chloral, acetanilld, phenacetln and others
of this class, are such powerfu. depresso
motors that, owing to a marked depres
sion of the circulation caused by vaso
motor disturbances already, active, their
use at sea Is attended with no little dan
ger. Alarming symptoms of collapse have
been induced by small doses of cocaine,
antlfebrlne. phenacetin and exalgln.
Two ladles who lived In the tropics to
whom some pearls of nitrite of amyl were
given for seasickness were never after
ward able to tolerate the odor of bananas,
; their favorite fruit. "When free vomiting
is succeeded by nausea and dry retching,
singultus, painful contraction of muscular
fibers of the stomach, diaphragm and ab
domen, with Impeded respiration and
weakened peripheral circulation, »x hypo
dermic injection of 1-150. of a grain of the
sulphate of atroplne will 'generally give
relief. Should thero be evidence of much
prostration add 1-100 of a grain of strych
nia to^ the injection and repeat in from
four to six hours for two or three doses;
or this combination as a chocolate-coated
tabloid may be given by the mouth.
Should the abbva mentioned remedies be
contra-indicated a hypodermic Injection of
morphine should be administered, as it af
fords much comfort by the rest it pro
duces. Unfortunately it will increase the
tendency to constipation, and as constipa
tion at sea is generally obstinate and the
resv'* of a want of gastro-blliary Juices
In "the bowels owing to losses occasioned
by vomiting, several minute doses of cal
omel, ipecac and bicarbonate of soda very
finely powdered, with a few grains of milk
sugar, should be .placed on the tongue
every half-hour until at least five doses
have been administered. These powders
snould be followed in three hours by a
teaspoonf ul ., of .- phosphate of ; sodium or
Epsom salts in hot water, sipped slowly."
Seldlltz powders and . bulky, cold, effer
vescing drinks ' generally' are" not well
borne at first. . For painful spasmodic con
traction of the' diaphragm, with Intract
able hiccoughs, give drop doses of 1 per
cent solution of nitro-glycerine.but watch
its effects. Nausea and sick headache fol
lowing - seasickness*: may be relieved by
drop doses of chloroform and tincture of
nux vomica, with a few drops of carda
mon every half-hour for a few doses; or
In their relations to seasickness Indi
viduals may be divided into three cate
gories—those who never suffer from the
malady, of whom there are not more thtyi
3 per cent: another group includes those
who suffer almost constantly and never
lo«e their susceptibility, about 4 per cent;
thtn there are those who are- sick for a
few hours at the beginning of a voyage
but finally become accustomed to the mo
tion of the ship and finish their Journey
in comfort— unless the sea should become
unusually rough or the motion of the ship
'Change materially. As on example of
those who never quite overcome this pe
culiar susceptibility I shall mention the
experience of an unusually robust man,
who, having sailed the seas for more than
fifty years, assured me that, while mas
ter of &( steamship sailing between this
port and Panama, more than eighteen
years, he never left port without being
seasick for at least twenty minutes. An
experience gained during many years of
observation while voyaging over many
sear— a total distance of not less than
900,000 nautical miles — convinced me that
these who "rejoiced In their strength"
were quite as susceptible as those who
had far less strength or endurance.
DURATION.
In making an estimate of this kind the
weather, 6urroundings and suBceptibility
of the patient must be considered. From
one hour to three days may be considered
a fair average, although some travelers
are never entirely free from some dis
agreeable symptoms, even during long
voyages. Prognosis: Seasickness has
never, In my opinion, caused the death of
an individual free from organic disease.
s • . ' TREATMENT.
- The treatment of seasickness is beset
by more than the average number of ob
stacles, peculiar difficulties and" complica
tions. It is usual for good sailors to urge
those less fortunate ' to exercise courage
and force of will, but the absolute power
of "mind over matter" is not exemplified
during a storm at sea.
Preventive treatment was advised by
should become horribly sick during a lit
tle smooth-water sailing on a comfortable
pleasure yacht. In seasickness, as in
many other functional disturbances of the
nervous system, a mysterious Influence
commonly called individual, susceptibility
must play a very prominent role, and
must account, at least in* part, for the
many and varied manifestations appar
ently proceeding from a common cause.
A STEADY Increase in ocean travel
especially between this port and
our newly acquired transmarine
possessions, has made seasickness
a BUbJect of no little practical impor
tance, but In our attempts to investigate
& collection of morbid symptoms gener
ally denominated seasickness, mal de mer,
rea illness or nausea marina, we find that
It is an Illness almost without a consecu
tive medical bibliography. .While It Is
true that Hippocrates, Galen and a few
other ancient medical writers alluded to
It in a desultory way. it Is quite safe to
assert that this malady was never thor
oughly scrutinized by them. Should we
desire proof that this affliction was quite
£s disagreeable and quite as much
dreaded in the days of yore as at pres
ent, we may recall the misfortunes of
poor timid old Cicero, who, when worn
out and discouraged by his sufferings, de
termined to fall into the hands of his as
ea&FinB raiher than suffer again the hor
rors of Eeaslcknees. Although an exceed
ingly disagreeable affliction to be endured
for any considerable time, there is much
consolation in the reflection that ita dis
comforts *re soon forgotten, and that It
is rarely if ever attended with fatal re
sults. While suffering from its most dis
agreeable features Its victim Is ready to
"a wear by all the gods at once" that
nothing could induce him to make another
voyas«\ or that he would gladly give a
"thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of
barren ground," and yet a few days on
dry land and all disagreeable experiences
are forgotten.
1 Several modern investigators have given
ue much valuable Information and many
useful suggestions. Still, there Is much
that is mysterious yet to be explained.
That the phenomena involved are com
plex and little understood Is evident when
we reflect that It has net even been ex
plained why a few favored mortals should
never suffer from mal de mer, or why a
much larger number of equally robust
travelers should never be able to travel
without paying tribute to Nepjtune. Again
why some travelers should be made ill by
a rolling: motion of the ship caused by a
beam sea, while others who are proof
against this quickly succumb to a
fore-and-aft or pitching motion. It is also
difficult to understand why old and
prv.-eather-beaten seafaring men, who have
Epent many years on deep-water ships,
both sail and Eteam, and enjoyed perfect
freedom from seasickness In spite of bad
esiclls and disagreeable surroundings.
Hypnotic suggestion enabled m» to af
ford complete or partial relief In several
Instances. An accomplished and well
known medical man gravely assured me
that he had frequently cured his wife of
seasickness after the acute stage had
passed by compelling her attention while
he slowly read aloud th* first chapter o£
the Gospel according to St. Matthew. Ho
admitted, however, that this treatment
might be too powerful for general use.
Having now called your attention to the
remedies and methods of treatment I
found most useful during an experience of
several years I would remind you that
every year — in fact, almost every week —
some remedy for this malady Is brought
out with loud and positive assurances of
its efficacy, only to fall into desuetude on
the appearance of a newer and more mys
terious or fashionable rival. ,
On recovering from a prolonged at
tack of seasickness there is not in
frequently a loss, partial or complete, of
klnesthetlc sensibility, and consequently
as soon as an Inexperienced traveler
feels inclined to move about the vessel he
should be taught to harmonize with his
environment; that to resist the move
ments of the ship Is to struggle against a
vastly superior force, and consequently
he should learn as early as possible to
relax his resistant muscles In order to
assume the loose, swaying walk of an old
"salt," who accommodates his movements
to the motion of the vessel.
As animal foods possess decided stimu
lating properties and are easily assimi
lated when in their use the maxim "little
and often" is observed, they must possess
decided advantages over more bulky and
less nutritious food, especially when it is
evident that there Is diminished energy
of the digestive organs. Beet tea and
chicken or meat broths should be free
from fat. not too watery, and freely sea
soned with Cayenne pepper. Taroena.
made from taro root, is easily prepared
for administration and 13 an agreeable,
nutritious food. Toasted bread or sea bis
cuits, very slowly and carefully masti
cated, will generally be retained.
acn, cause more gastric Juice to b» se
creteu and help to restore the tons of the
enfeebled digestive organs. Such fiery ex
citants as undiluted Worcestershire sauce
should be used. If at all. with caution.
During the early stages of this malady
the patient should not be Importuned to
take nourishment — In fact, he should not
take food during the nrst twenty-four
hours, unless there is a natural desire for
it. as the stomach's ability to digest food
la usually greatly impaired, owing to tha>
loss of its normal digestive, secretions
through much vomiting. • "J
Diminished secretion of urine frequently
requires active treatment — external appli
cation of heat, copious draughts of pure
water, pllocarpine, strychnine or the ni
trites. In persistent Insomnia trlonal is
a. safe remedy In from 10 to 15 grain doses.
It should be triturated with an equal bulk
of milk sugar and placed dry on the
tcngue, followed by several swallows of
water. Do not give the powder until th«»
patient Is quite ready for sleep. This rem
edy does' not depress the circulation; there
are no bad after effects, and it will give
a few hours of peaceful sleep. A rare
form of seasickness, with great prostra
tion, swooning, cold extremities, but with
out vomiting— the form which Browning
describes as a "swooning sickness on a
dismal sea" — requires prompt and vigor
ous * treatment, with external heat, hot
turpentine .epithems, sinapisms, stimu
lants by mouth and rectum, and the usual
measures to sustain the " circulation and
bodily heat. For those who have large
and pendulous abdomens, mechanical con
trivances against seasickness, such as
tight bandages or close fitting cholera
belts. In order to restrain the movements
of the abdominal viscera, are frequently
beneficial. Attacks of Indigestion are not
infrequent, and may be relieved by lib
eral draughts of hot water with spirits
of peppermint, cajeput or* drop doses of
tincture of capsicum frequently repeated.
As a rule, stimulants are not required in
the early stages of seasickness. They
should be held in reserve for a later pe
riod, for not infrequently there are then
positive indications for their use, such as
persistent subnormal temperature, feebls
'circulation, cold extremities, more or less
general debility and loss of appetite.
Should it become necessary to ' promote
the appetite by artificial means, stomachic
stimulants* especially the bitter ales and
stouts, in small, quantities, frequently re
peated, are most useful, as they induce
an increased flow of blood. to the stom-
small cups of freshly made black coffee,
hot and strong; the so-called "headache
powders" are too depressing for general
use at sea. It is not unusual for very sou
pick travelers to pass little or no urine for
thirty-six or even forty-eight- hours: in
fact, a mild form of uraemia Is not Infre
quently developed, characterized by a per
sistent, dull, boring headache, with or
without light vertiginous attacks, occa
sionally followed by a semi-comatose con
dition. The quantity of sugar In the urine
of several diabetic patients under obser
vation was markedly increased. •%* ] •
PREVENTION, TREATMENT, AND CURE OF SEASICKNESS
The Next rioment I Was Carried Off My Feet, In tne Literal Sense of
the Words, by a Resounding Slap on the Face From the Tawny- Haired. Girl.
Grudder floated through my mind. <
Uncle Robert was always away in the
evening, so I had no difficulty in slipping
out of the house soon after six. I had
ascertained from the magazine article
that the editor of Firefly was in the habit
of leaving his ofllce at half-past seven
precisely, and it was my intention to be
in waiting for him at that hour. I had
rehearsed the scene several times. He
would come down the steps quickly— a
tall, manly figure with a dark mustache
and dreamy eyes. At first he would not
see me, as I should be crouched in the
fhadow. Then I should rise* up charged
with daffodils and an expression of wild
despair— I had decided on an extremely
tragic pose as the most effective — and he
would be spellbound with admiration. I
was sufficiently acquainted with tfro as
pect of the ordinary, flower-seller to
know that I had struck an original line.
He would buy my flowers, and as I
pinned them in his coat, upon which at
tention I relied to afford an opportunity
for conversation, he would murmur a re
spectful.comment on my misery and place
himself sympathetically at my service; I
had my best story in my pocket, and the
rest would be easy. ,
I took my seat In the omnibus with
some trepidation. I was afraid least I
whose candid admiration ",."*d not terrify
me, although I -crushed -unmercifully his
feeble remarkB upon the weather. Soon
customers poured In plentifully. At first
I treated one and . all alike with a cool,
business-like air. But after a while I for
got, my shyness, the humor of the expedi
tion took possession of' me, and it oc
curred to me that I might as well rehearse
a few of the glances which I Intended for
the benefit of the "Firefly's" editor later
on. « <
' This I did with such effect that before
I knew where I was I was having a sort
of triumphal progress ¦ down the Strand,
doing a roaring trade and putting up my
prices from desperate necessity every
moment for fear I should reach George
street with an empty basket. My trade
was exclusively with the male sex,
women for the most part eying me with
scorn and passing by on the other side.
With the exception of one brawny female,
a rival flower seller, who dug me aggres
sively with her elbow as I distributed vio
lets at a shilling- a bunch, smiling viva
ciously the while, to a party of young
medicals.
The only other of my own sex .who ac
costed me was a pale, sad-eyed woman in
black, with a face like a Madonna, who
swept up to me and claeped, my hands
kid bin sellln on owld rawlly s beat. See
er! there she is. Ketch 'er hup. Ol'ia
done."
I looked wildly around. One woman had
sunk exhausted on the curb, but the other
waa upon me, and a third, a wiry-lookingr
girl with a tawny fringe dipping into her
eyes and some draggled wall-flowers in
her hand, darted toward me from the
road.
Desperately I dived between the passers
by and fled down a side street but the
tawny-fringed girl was on me in a mo
ment and had grabbed me by the arm. I
struggled to free myself, but I was like a
baby In her hands, and she held me
pinned against the wall.
"Naow, then, wot's th' raow?" she said,
as the other woman arrived on the scene,
followed shortly after by the swaying
form of Sal, gasping but triumphant at
my capture.
"Raow?" shrieked the first woman,
hoarsely, her huge visage purple with ex
citement and rage. "Woy, Oi ain't took a
braown all this blessed noight: 'Cos woy?
'Cos all the torfs f ad gordens on 'em, and
didn't worn't no more. Stroike me bloind
if Oi could moike it out! Then Ol see a
norb, one as 'as 'ad his gorden reg'Ier
from me ever since 'e come to taown,
with toollps— enuff on 'lm ter trim a
'earse. An' 'e shikes 'is 'ead and wolves
me awy, an' 'e ses. 'Corn't patronoize
your sort with smart little torts lolke that
abaht, ses *e, an' 'e chucks 'Is oye over
A PERSONAL INTRODUCTION
7• And again- women do not have to cut
their hair. Many people believe that cut
ting Is good for It, but the best heads of
hair I have ever seen: are those to which
the scissors have never been applied.
First, men do not take such good care
of their. hair as women do. Women must
of necessity brush out their hair in the
morning and at night, else it becomes a
mass of snarls. . .
Custom demands. that we dress our hair
in certain styles and .not allow it to blow
in the breeze as does the Indian: ' then
common sense should tell us. that nature
should be assisted by us to overcome, the
infringements en- the rights \6t : the hair.
We can not mistreat the body or the hair
and expect good results.' '
Why are men more troubled with bald
ness than women?
My lady should take out. the pins and
combs from her ha,lr when she. has an
hour in her boudoir and allow, the' sun to
shine on her head, occasionally running
her fingers through and lifting the hair
up so that the air can get at the roots.
The hair— the long : sufferlng hair— how
little attention is given to it!
We keep late hours "and eat late rap
pers and keep our scalps from the air
and sun. ' : .
The primitive man Is not troubled with
baldness. It Is a bane of clvllization/The
sun and air are his; hair tonics. He rises
and goes to bed with the sun.
When the hair begins ,. to fall out the
seat, of the trouble should first be sought
and then corrected! along natural, sensi
ble lines. We must "aid nature to correct
the fault, "¦ and nature always responds
plentifully to any encouragement we give
her. ¦'
We are In a manner,, by the hothouse
lives we live, thwarting nature.
This is on the face of It an Impossibility.
Hair diseases are as many and varied as
diseases of any other "part of ''the body.
Until the root Itself is destroyed the hair
will try to reproduce* itself. v ,
All.of the diseases of the. hair ha\ye their
origin In the sebaceous, glands. •
Either the blood 'supply Is not sufficient
to give enough • nourishment ! to ;' these
glands, and' they dry up, causing the lit
tle' round flakes of dandruff, or perhaps
these tiny elands secrete too much, oil,
and In . that case ; the flakes of dandruff
are large' and oily. .Both troubles loosen
the hair at the roots.' •¦
They warrant to' eure any and all, dis
eases of the hair by • the same medicine.
Baldness, dandruff and excess of oil were
warranted cured out of the same bottle.
. Arotary movement can.be given with)
the fingers- of both hands along the hair
line in front where the ,halr is thin. i
The masseuse should be' Intelligent. Sh«
should know why each movement Is given
and Just what It is to accomplish. She
should* study the growing hair Just as a
horticulturist would his garden.
All scalp massage should be don* from
the finger Joints, wrists or elbows, and
never from the shoulders.
..Parting the hair and shaking each
strand i out separately ' is refreshing and
Is often as beneficial in its cleansing as
a shampoo,' as It removes every scale of
dandruff and every particle of dust.
The hair, especially when thick - and
.Thf-n the sides of the scalp should b«
grasped firmly and moved upward, thug
directing the blood to the affected partsJ
The scalp should be grasped at the tenvl
pies with the thumb and fingers of ona
hand and a firm grasp taken with tha
palm and fingers of the other on the oc-«
clpltalls muscle at the back of the head,
and then moved firmly toward each other.
The two places on the scalp where th«
hair falls out first are on the temples and
crown of the head.
which in another's case would be no mor«
than felt at the time.
Ivory From Other Animals Just as
Good as Elephants' Tusks.
* LEPHANTS are no longer the only
animals which can produce ivory.
. . according to the official decision of
the United States general apprais
ers. Ivory dealers and those who work in
the material have known this for a long
time, but the makers of the tariff do not
seem to have been so well posted. Testi
mony from Ivory dealers was introduced
at the Investigation to show that the
tusks of the hippopotamus furnish Just as
rood Ivory as do any of the twenty-five
different varieties of elephants. It was
also shown that the boar, narwhal, right
whale and alligator were producers of
ivory. Even the Western hog gives up
many an Ivory tusk to the butchers in
Chicago packing-houses.
The Ivory question arose a few weeks
ago, when an Importing firm tried to
bring In a consignment of umbrella han
dles made of hippopotamus teeth, says the
New Tork Tribune. The importers ob
jected to paying duty at the rate of 35 per
cent ad valorem, which Is the Ivory rate,
and contended that • the hippopotamus
teeth should be assessed at 20 per cent, as
they were mentioned' in. the tariff. The
decision was against the importers.
This does not mean that there is no dif
ference between elephant ivory and hip
popotamus Ivory. Ivory workers who un
derstand their vocation can distinguish a
difference even between the various kinds
of elephant ivory before It has been pol
ished and worked over. When It is carved
often experts can determine from Just
what animal the Ivory originally came,
but the ordinary purchaser can see no
difference.
Hippopotamus ivory answers every mcr-
The long, thin, yellow tusk of the nar
whal does not bring nearly as, much to
day as It did 150 years ago. . This is due
to the passing of superstitious ideas re
garding this Jvory producer of the sea.
A century ago people believed that the
walrus was connected with the fabulous
unicorn, and the horn or tusk was sup
posed to possess many magical virtues.
For instance, it was regarded as an anti
dote for all poisons,- and- Kings- kept a
horn in their dining-rooms, believing it
would warn them if their food had been
poisoned. The tusks were worth, thou
sands of dollars in these times, but the
whalers and hunters of the north are glad
to sell them to-day for $75.
When manufactured Into small articles
the hippopotamus ivory brings Just as
much as, any other kind. As far as that
goes, however, the tusks of the American
hog bring more than does any kind of
Ivory If weight alone is considered. If
they were sold at the regular ivory rate
of 14 a pound they would bring about 4
cents each. They are sold by the^ piece
and average 25 cents each. The pig teeth
are hollow, but will take a very high pol
ish, and can be used in many ways. It Is
said that 20 per cent of the hogs killed
produce valuable tusks. r T''< : '*
This is a mistake, unless from long ner
lecf the halrbulb or root is dead. If it Is
not dead, massage- will supply the roots
with nourishment by bringing a good
blcod supply to the scalp. The sebaceous
glands give to the hair its gloss and
smoothness.
The hair is a piant, consisting of a root
which is implanted in the scalp and an
elongated shaft which projects from the
root. A good blood supply, then, to feed
nourishment to the roots— this is the se
cret of good, healthy hair.
Not long since salves and lotions were
looked upon as the sole sources of re
newing hair.
Fakes and quack doctors have made tha
people lose faith in the possibility of re
growing hair.
cantile purpose so far as It goes. That lc
Is not considered as valuable as elephant
ivory is due to the fact that it can be
used only for smaller articles. The hippo
potamus teeth received In this market
weigh from one-half a pound to three or
four pounds. The elephant tusks range in
weight from 100 to 250 pounds. Narwhal
tusks range In weight from five to twen
ty-five pounds. c ). \l :
•"^fOMMON EEJfSE, the most uncom-
I / mon thing in the world, taken in
I I *\ doses to suit — this is the cure.
The number of bald-headed
men *ls increasing alarmingly.
Baldness is not confined, as of yore,
to old age. but how many of our young
men about the age of 30 begin to grow
bald either on the temples or on the top of
the head!
Look around — how few really good
heads cf hair you -see!" •
Overwork, mental strain, want of exer
cise and bodily diseases soon make them
selves felt In the hair. ; Nervous diseases
and dyspepsia affect the hair very
Quickly.
It is a common belief among men that
the hair ence lost can never be regained.
Rubbing the scalp and massaging the
scalp are two very different things.
Rubbing is on "the Bur face, but a scien
tific'masseuse presses down on the scalp
and firmly but gently moves the scalp it
self.. The weight of the flngera and the
force employed should be adjusted to the
patient's needs.. Some people have very
sensitive scalps and a hard massage
would make the scalp ache for .days.
When the new hair appears a kneading,
rotary motion is the thing and great care
should be taken not to rub the scalp
where new ha'.r is growing as the new
hair 1b sensitive and must be coaxed
along— not treated - harshly.
•For bald heads the heroic massage Is
necessary to' bring the blood to the sur
face, then a stimulating tonic should be
applied •with an easy rubbing motion and
allowed to soak in.
The first thing to do, Is to loosen the
tightened scalp, for when the scalp grows
to the head, that is a sign the blood ves
sels and tiny capillaries are stilted and
i ah not bring the proper blood supply to
the starving hair, so it dries up and drops
out. ~- • ¦ ' .,'.'
Like everything else there Is a right
and a wrong way to massage.
"Have a squirt of tonic V asks the bar
ber, and the well meaning hair Is squirted
with bay rum and alcohol, which Is ruin
ous. ..-.'-..
* A'^good tonic does the hair -worlds of
good, but first the scalp must be mas
raged to get the bulb In a receptive condi
tion. . .
The hair, when It persistB in falling out,
should be examined scientifically. Treat
the_halr with as. much respect as you
would any, part of the body that troubles
you. '¦'¦'¦¦¦ '•¦¦'..' .
"With men custom . demands , that the
hair be. worn short, but 'it should
be left from three to five Inches long at
least. Men are beginning to realize this
at last. The closely shaven head of a
few years back Is now seldom seen and
the football head of hair that used to be
laughed at Is now looked upon with
envy. •'.
• The barber with his shears is an enemy
to a healthy growth of hair. The hair
grows by a budding down process. When
the hair, Is cut for a while it does grow
faster, as nature puts forth all her effort
to • make up * for what has been taken
away. The strength of the papilla goes
into the hair.
Birds in the poultry yard, cage or dove
cote are also a source from which the
human race may , catch the germs of
specific and even ¦ mortal diseases. Al
though the question of .transmission of
aviarian diphtheria to children, In the
form of human diphtheria has never been
soived, and Is by many persons considered
an extremely. dubious one. It Is none the
less established by numerous observations
on the part ' of the most conscientious
physicians that when there is an ep!
¦: - . *
The cat as well as the dog may trans
mit certain diseases to mankind. It Is. In
fact, liable to -~ tuberculosis, eczema and
other analogous affections that rage in
mankind. From its moCe of life, attached
as It is to thb fireside, it readily accepts
the caresses of its owners, and lived be
side them; It likes to sleep In soft places,
and if It carries upon It certain jcercns or
parasites It leaves them behind It.
Generally speaking though more fre
quently in large cities than In the coun
try, dogs continually live beside their
masters, whom they scarcely ever leave,
breathing the same atmosphere and con
tributing to so'-- extent to render It
mephitlc. by diffusing into it miasma, and
perhaps also specific agents of malaria,
that are transmissible to mankind. This
being so, it Is not surprising that men
should be at times wet with the saliva
of a dog who has gone mad. or that a dog
should become tuberculous through living
beside a consumptive master, and subse
quently cause contagion in the opposite
sense.
By reason of the close and often con
tinuous contact between animals and
mankind, doss, sometimes affected by
contagious diseases, such as tuberculosis,
hydrophobia, mmnge, eczema, etc., are fre
quently the objects of such affection on
the part of their master that he will take
them in his arms, caress them in various
ways, and allow them to Jump upqn'his
knees and lick not only his hands, but his
face, and even his lips. Sometimes, also,
the does in a house live like veritable
boarders, side by side with the children,
whose food they often share: they even
eat off the plates used by the family.
'. Nervous persons have less hair than
phlegmatic persons. Brunettes have as
a rule less than blondes, blondes having
about 40 per cent more hair to the square
Inch than brunettes, and of a much finer
texture, except the peroxide blondes.
And this brings me to the subject of
bleaching the hair. S The effects of per
oxide upon the hair are to always make It
fall out in the long run. Although for a
time the hair may seem to flourish, after
,lng switches and wigs.
, Curling and waving the hair <m hot
Irons is ruinous to Its permanent well
being. It takes the vitality out of It *o
that It dries up and falls out In time-
The constant wearing of bata 1« con
¦ldered a cause of baldness In men. but I
Cnd that more men who have sedentary
positions In cloce offices suffer from fall-
Ing hair than people who have their hats
on constantly and exercise a great deal.
Many Diseases Are Trarsmitted by
Small Animals and Pets.
long, should ¦ be separated into strands,
each strand to be brushed separately.
This will insure every hair being reached.
Then the comb can be used without
catching on any tiny snarls.
The : hair, if neglected, sometimes be
comes afflicted with a "parasite, a fungous
growth that lives on the hair, taking its
nourishment awar and crowding about Its
roots' till the huir dries up and drops out
This parasite can be seen under a power
ful miseroscope and its destructive work
is evident in the lifeless hair it encircles.
Wetting the - head frequently, as so
many men do. rots the hair. It does not
give the natural oils a chance and It
takes away from the luster of the hair.
a wWle ths reaction sets In and the halj
falls out. Is It worth while? Does the
peroxide blonde gain enough of comfort
and beauty to make up for the effort?
Of comfort she has none, for she must
forever go around with a bottle of per
oxide hi her bead.
The hair needs constant retouching, else
It gets streaky In parts and dark at the
roots. Even .while she Is trying to make
an Impression she is wondering If the real
truth of the matter does not show.
Is It beautiful? Does not the dark pig
ment of the skin meant to go with the
dark hair, laugh in derision at the per
oxide? Many women who in years past
have dealt in the peroxide are now wear-
THERE are many diseases to whlcfc
small animals are liable and wnicu
they are capable of transmitting
This subject, to which too little at
tention has been directed, has been re
garded by the Royal Society of Public
Medicine in Belgium as worthy of its at
tention.
demic of diphtheria In a poultry yard
there Is also a' presence of angina with
false membrane among the children. This
Is sufficient to warrant measures of pre
caution in that respect.
Besides diphtheria and pseudo-mem
branous angina birds have other dis
eases as to which there can be no doubt
of the possibility of their transmission to
mankind. It Is sufficient to cite avUrUn
tuberculosis and psittacosis. Ths latter
Is a common disease with paroquets— •
bird whose kisses certain persons receive
with satisfaction.
The rabbit and the har* are capable at
communicating parasites. Although the
pathology of fish and mollusks Is at pres
ent almost unknown It should b« remem
bered that fish are capable of contracting
tuberculosis.
Having exhausted, or nearly exhausted,
this long list of contagious diseases ot
small animals which they are eapable of
communicating to mankind. It remains to
consider the general prophylactic meas
ures that should be taken In respect to
them.
Tuberculosis in the dog, cat and bird
must be regarded as among those conta
gious maladies which. In the Interest of
the public, call for slaughter by order of
the authorities. Such a course is neces
sary because, according to the present
researches of science, there is a complete
identity between the determining agent
of tuberculosis In man and In the dog and
cat; because tuberculosis In fowls and
the parrot tribe only differs from human
tuberculosis in certain small points which
are merely accessory — In other words, tu
berculosis of the dog, cat, fowl and parrot
can be communicated— and, last, because
the passage of tuberculosis from birds to
man may be effected by the flesh of some
of them which h© uses for food, also by
food that birds may contaminate with
bacilllary products. In addition to Immedi
ate contact between persons and side
birds.
Although medical authorities are not as
yet In complete agreement on the ques
tion of the Identity of human dlphtherlf
and the diphtheria of fowls, and althousV.
the labors of the laboratory have estab
lished a strong presumption In favor ot
their non-ldentlty. It Is none the less cer
tain that medical observation connects
epidemics of human diphtheria with out
breaks of the diphtheria of birds, with,
contagious coryza and chicken cholera
(which frequently prevails at the sama
time In the poultry yard), and that In any
case It Is certain diphtheria, amonr fowls
gives children a pseudo-membranous af-
fectlon. This disease should, therefore.
be the signal for the sacrifice of all sick
fowls, the destruction of their bodies by
some process recognized as efficacious.
and the disinfecting of the poultry yard
and everything In and about It.
In regard to rabies medical opinion ts)
now fixed alike as to the prerentrrtt
means to be adopted and as to the cura-
tive means — namely, the muzzle In restart!
to the first case, antl-rablo treatment la
regard to the second.
- Parasitic affections may be avoided by
taking every possible means (lectures.
cheap books. Instruction In the primary
Fchools, etc.). to put the public on guard
against everything: that has been In con
tact with animals, and to make It gen
erally known that water and food are.
generally speaking, essential factors In
the evolution of diseases, and that they
ar» often the 'vehicles which, servo to
propagate parasitic affections.
Lastly, a service of Inspection of all
fowls and came killed for public con
sumption should bo confined to competent
men authorized to prevent the sala of
food of every animal proved to be affected
with a disease that can be transmitted to
mankind, ' '/. -
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
HOW TO CURE
BALDNESThe tailor who cleans clothing sponges
on his friend* only because that Is a part
of his business.
"What did you want to shut me off for?
Mo and Mark was just getting well ac
quainted." .*- .¦'.:'.' It".' '.
¦After dinner they went- out for a walk
and- the Old Groceryman viewed . with
wonder the sights of the. City of Mag
nificent Distances. »' ' * :
| "Would yon" care to attend a Cabinet
meeting?" asked the Bad Boy as they re
turned, to the hotel late . in - the evening.
The old man said .aa would, and the BAB
(Boy led him Into the Shoreham' bar,
'.-¦where a number of men were seated at
small tables, talking and .drinking.-. .
"See!" exclaimed the Bad Bdy^ashe
pointed out a commercial traveler with
glasses and a bristling mustache. "That's
Teddy Roosevelt." : ; . .: *
"You don't Bay so!" gasped the old man.
"Just watch him punishing that" whisky.
Mr. Roosevelt, let me shake the hand
that slewed all them Spaniards. Glad to
meet you!"
The drummer looked up In surprise.
Then he sized up the Old Groceryman
and resolved to have some fun with him.
"Hello!" he cried,, grasping , the out
stretched hand. "Isn't this my old friend,
toquire Rhubarb, of Bayston. N 1 . J.?"
"No; I'm Senator Allison; Just dropped
in to see you get inaugurated,", answered
the flattered Old Groceryman.
"You're just in time then," declared tha
drummer, tipping a wink to half a dozen
ither traveling men whom he knew, "for
the boys are going to Inaugurate me right
away. Perhaps you'd like to join In the
exercises. But first shake hands with
General Miles and Senator Hoar. and Sec-
rotary Long and Mr. Hay and Kmbassa
dor Pauncefote. Now, gentlemen," ¦ ad
dressing' the grinning traveling men,
"may I suggest tnat we do the Inaugurat
ing by proxy, as is the time-honored cm-
: # tom? I propose Senator Allison as my
'proxy. All In favor please say 'Aye!' "
•A delightful chorus of ."Ayes'* followed
. the proposition.
' "The first step," continued the drum
; mer as he led the way to a private room,
' "is to blindfold the candidate," and ha
proceeded to tie a handkerchief about tha
Old Groceryman's eyes. "Now, Mr. Hay,
you and General Miles each take one cf.
..is hands and show him where to stand.
Now," placing *a chair beside the table
and another on top of the table, "lead
him into the Inauguration room.'.j
They walked the Old Groceryman three
timca around the. table and then the
• pseudo Lord Pauncefote explained to him
that they had passed out into the grand
Inauguration Hall and were in the pres
ence of 10,000 eager spectators.
"Mount the " platform. Senator." he
whispered, leading the old "man to -the ta
.ble. "But look out for' the steps; they
are high."
Secretary Hay and General Miles half
lifted the Old Groceryman to the chair' on
the table, while two more of the sup
poaed dignitaries held the chair firmly.bal
,- -^anced.',:. • r . , „ / •
; Robfcevelt whispered in his ear: <
"The President Is at your immedlata
right. He has Just concluded his address.
No. no! Don't turn to speak to him now.
It wouldn't look dignified. The President
' .always makes his own Inaugural address,
i but the Vice President is always repre
••:•: :%»:•:
sented by proxy.*" They're all waiting in
hushed expectancy for you to begin."
"But I don't know what to say.** tha
Old Groceryman whispered back to him,
"and why don't you take this here hand
kerchief off my eyes?"
"It. is a custom as old as the republic
Itself for the Vice President's proxy to
speak blindfolded, so the public won't
know who, be Is !'* replied Roosevelt. "It
Is the highest honocjn the nation's gift.
Begin now. Say 'any old things."
"Feller, citizens of this vast and sump
shus''republic," began' the. Old Grocery
man In a voice of thunder, posing In the
attitude of a Daniel Webster statue:
"we are assembled hither to-night to cel
ebrate this large and auspicious occasion.
To— to commemorate— with adulation— end
— In short, aa citizens or the grandest na
tion on earth, with due defiance to tha
effete monarchies of Great Britain and
England as"
In his excitement the old man took a
meteoxical stride forward and stepped oft
the chair Into epaca.
Ills foot came down on the high hat of
the frtnr.tng Roosevelt and he caromed
Into the arms of Senator Hoar.
With wild contusion ha waa led twice
more about the table and tha Twinrtaga
removed from bis eyas.
"You did magnificently." declared Gen
eral Miles, as ha choked back, a howl
of laughter at sight of the discomfited
Roosevelt, who wa4 trying to extract
his bruised head from the wreck of his
high hat. "and now to tha last step In tha
ceremony. It's tb» custom of each person
honored as you have been to-night to
show his appreciation by purchasing win*
for tha members of tha Cabinet."
"How mudx'd it cost me?" asked th*
Old Groceryman, staring about In search
of tha passageway Uadlnc from thja In
auguration Hall.
"A hundred dollars would do It neatly,"
suggested Roosevelt.
"Well." said, tha Old Grocrvnan re
luctantly, "I hav»tft go* any hundred
dollars in cash with me. But I've got &
check for $250. If any of you could cash
It perhaps"— And ha looked doubtfully
about tha circle.
"Here." suggested General Mile* eager
ly. "Give ma the check and I'll give you
$120 and we'll spend the other J100. I'll
get the check cashed. In the morning."
"Well," asked the Bad Boy, aa the Old
Groceryman, a trifle worse for wear, can
tered Into their rooms an hour later, "how
does gay life at the capital strike ycu?"
"Fine! Fins as silk!" hicconched the
old man. "But I'm kind of sorry for poor
General Miles. You s«e. he gave ma $130
for that $250 check of mine and he spent
another $100 on champagony water. Well.
the $250 check. I gave him. was drawn on
the 'Steenth National Bank and I don't
happen to have any account there. It's a
check I found one day and filled out for
,$250 In. case some bunko sttorer might
touch me "for money. So we're $150 to Vx«
good from this here sumpahus trio of>
ours." GEORGE W. PECK.
TIIE SUNDAY CALL
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN GO TO McKINLEYS INAUGURATION
AND COME OUT 150 DOLLARS TO THE GOOD
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS
(Copyright. jW; by the Pr<-?s Publishing
Company. Now York World.)
*y^f VESTIBULE ti<.in was drawing v
/ | out of the big Pennsylvania sta-
I I tlon In Jersey City and two lu»
II urlous seats of the middle car
were occupied by the Bad Boy an.i
the CM Groceryman, who were leaving
New York for a flying visit to Washing
ton to witness the mauguraticn ceremo
nies.
When the Bad Boy had suggested the
trip and the old man had read how a
procession would «to from the "White
House to the Capitol, where President
McKrniey would delivei an address an !
again take the oath of oftice and how a
similar oath would be administered to
Theodore Roosevelt, and how great i a
crowd would be present at the gorgeous
#p«ctacle the Old Groceryman had eager
ly assented to the, proposition and had
packed his carpetbag to overflowing wltn
•II the clothes be had on hand or could
afford to bui-.
The Bad Boy had advised him particu
larly not to omit taking his home-made
Tuxedo Jacket and red jind r>urple barren
drees shirt. In case the President shouM
hear of their presence in Washington and
•hould Invite them ..o tea after the inau
guration.
"What did you say they call this
train?" the Old Grocer j man was askir.-r
as the locomotive pulled out of the cave
like station ehed.
"The Congressional Limited," re pile i
the Bad Boy. "You see. only members of
Congneaa are allowed to ride on it. aal
only a limited number of them."
"Byt how did you rr.ar.age to sneak in?"
asked the Old Groceryman. and he glaneod
furtively about him as if he feared he
might be thrown oft.
"Oh. that's all right," the Bad Boy as
sured him. "I told the folks at the ticket
ofiHee that you were Senator Allison and Z
was Congressman Bailey. When the con
ductor comes around we must remember
to talk very loudly about the billion-dol
lar session and the defeated ship subsidy
bill."
"But what is that session and bill thing
anyhow?" queried the old man. "le It a.
dog cr a bird or a patent medicine?"
"If I should tell you just what they
are." answered the Bad Boy, "you'd know
more than half the Congressmen do. Look
out! Here comes the conductor'."
"As I was sayin'," declaimed the Old
Groceryman, loudly, as the ticket-punch
er reached them, "that there "William
Shipsubsldy won't last half a round
against eld Billion Dollar Sessions. He'll
get a g-ood old soaking uppercut on his
solar system and a right counter on the
Jaw, and then everything will be over
except the shouting."
"Say," whispered the conductor to the
Bad Boy. "I didn't know the Washing
ton asylums v.-ere so fine that they
brought funny-house candidates ail the
way from Xew York to put them there.
J s'pese you're his kejjper?" .
The Bad Boy nodded mysteriously, and
the Old Groceryman, who thought the
whisper expressed some 6ort of doubt p«
to their position as members of Congress,
went on loudly:
"Yes. Congressman, President McKlnley
Bays to me only last week: Senator Alli
son, you've just got to come to my Inau
guration. Why, I wouldn't feel prooerly
inaugurated without vou was there."
With a sympathetic shake of the head
the conductor passed on, and -the old man
turned to the boy and chuckled gleefully
at his own skill as a gay deceiver.
"What are they inaugurating McKin-
Icy over again for anyhow?" he asked
after a while; "didn't it take the first
time?"'
"Oh. yes. It took all right," the Bad Boy
appured him. "It took everything in sitfht.
But he thought Roosevelt might feel
lonely being inaugurated all by 'himself,
fo he consented to do it over again, too."
On their arrival at "Washington they
were driven to the Shoreham Hotel,
where the magnificence of aH the ap
pointments failed to impress the old man,
who was fresh from the atmosphere of
the Waldorf and other New York cara
vanseries. x
"What did you say was the name of this'
tavern?" asked the Old Groceryman as he
and the Bad Boy were dressing for dinner
"Tavern?" echoed the Bad Boy. and hU
face manifested horrified surprise. "Did
I understand you to refer to this mansion
as a tavern?"
"Hotel, then." corrected the Old Gro
ceryman.
"Worse and more of It," crl»d tho Bai
Boy. "Do you mean to say you doa't
know where you are?"
"Why— why. at some sort of hotel, of
course; but I don't know the name."
"The name." said the Bad Boy with
strong sarcasm. "Is the White House.
You may possibly have heard the name.
It's the little cottage where President Mc-
Kinley lives. I brought you here as a sur
prise. You know, of course, that on the
eve of every inauguration the President
has a grand house party made up of all
the Congressmen and Government oVn
clals and their families at the White
House. Or may be you never heard of
that custom?"
"Oh. yes," the Old Groceryman hastened
to assure him," fearful of making a new
break. "Of course I remember reading all
about It. Only I wondered how it was
that you and me was invited."
"Because we're Senator Allison and
Congressman Bailey, cz course," an
swered the Bad Boy. "And now come on
down to dinner, and I'll point out the
celebrities to you."
A portly head waiter with little side
whiskers ushered them to a table in the
dining-room, and as they followed that
functionary the Bad Boy explained that
the head waiter was Mark Hanna, who
was in charge of ail the arrangements
at the President's house party. The Old
Groceryman rushed up to the amazed
waiter and grasped toth his hands.
"Pleased to meet you:" he exclaimed.
"Proud to make your acquaintance! Take
me and introduce me to President M:-
KXuley. won't' you?"
"Hush," whispered the Bad Boy, with
a wtak at the head waiter. "The Presi
dent can't see any one just now. He's
in his room busy writing his Inauguration
address."
"But I thought Mr. Hanna wrote all
his addresses and speeches and things
for him," expostulated the old man.
ritfht hSuse. rou are useo. to a good bed
and a dainty table, and you desire to
meet congenial people around the festive
board."
"Exactly, ma'am, and Providence seems
to have guided my footsteps. I am sure
we shall get along famously. I'd like to
fend my trunk over during the day and
be here to dinner.
Mr. Bowser sent his trunk over and
turned the cat outdoors, and that even
ing he. "Joined." Ht was just in time
for dinner. For a.i hour past he had
been thinking of oyster' soup, porter
house steak. French fried potatoes and
Mocha coffee, and he sat down with an
appetite. Soup w*»s brought him. It was
thin soup: it was watery soup;.it was soup
which tasted of nothing in particular. He
sipped a spoonful and glared around him
at the "family" and realized that he was
In for a row. There was steak, but it was
not porterhouse; there were manned pota
toes, but they were full of lumps. Mr.
Bowser chewgd at his meat a moment,
tasted of the potatoes and then leaned
back in his chair. Had Mrs. Bowser been
there she would have felt the earth trem
bling and hastened to prevent a calamity,
but the landlady saw no signs. When she
saw that Mr. Kowser did not eat, she ten
derly said: -;',-.'¦ "...
"I suppose, poor man, you are thinking
of the wife who Is far away, and so you
have no appetite?'" .
"Madam, is'this-what you were pleased
to term your festive board?" he queried in
reply as -he waved his hand over the
table.
"Is anything wrong?"
He was about to reply that, there was
and to give particulars when the "fam
ily" froze him Into silence with their
looks. There were eleven of them, and
they were "agin" him to the last one.
Realizing the situation, he rose up as
calmly as possible, left the room and went
up to the newly papered room with south
ern exposure. . The landlady followed. It
was her duty a3 the^head of the "family"
and a motherly woman to comfort the
disconsolate.
"You arid \ your wife haven't been
parted very often. I take it?" she said as
Mr. Bowser opentJ the door to her. .
''Look here, woman, what sort of a hash
house do you call this?" he demanded as
•he turned on her and instinctively looked
around for the cat.
'[Sir! Sir Ms it possible that you ara
speaking to me?" she dei.*.anded.
"Of, course I am! Do you expect that a.
man who has ever had a home of his own
can put up with such fodder as was placed
before me? That soup was slop; that beef
came from a neck Diece. Your slcvenJy
cook did not half mash her potatoes.'
Why, if my cook had dared to set aucb a
meal before me I'd have — have" —
"You are intoxicated, sir!" she Inter
rupted.
"Bosh!"
"Then, sir, there Is no excuse for yotrr
language, and, as th« head of this Chris
tian family and as t %. owner of this fest
ive board downs tali,.-* I shall have to ask
mashed with a club Instead of a crowbar,
on Java or Mocha cof— "
"Never mind. your theories, sir!" Inter
rupted the "mother of the family" as sha
waved him out of the room and along the
hall and downstairs. Tho other boarders
had gathered to sea the kicker depart.
They were tall, thin, cadaverous board
ers, and most of them two weeks behind
with their cash, and thev lined uo in, the
yon to vacate this room; f '-.¦'-.¦
"I was going of my own accord," replied
Mr. Bowser, who wanted to kick over
chairs and jump at the cat. "I have al
ways had a theory that a boarding-house
which would feed Its patrons on lamb
chops Instead of bull beef, on potatoes
nail and looked coldly, and cruelly at Hr.
Bowser an he passed. When the door had
closed behind him with a bang and he had
descended the steps he looked around ac
the darkness and thought of Mrs. Bowser
and home and the cat, and a tear gath
ered in his eye and ran down his nose.
(Copyright. 1901. \,y O. B. Lewis.)
<*¦* 5» HS. DOWSEU had not been In
f\ /I E^" 1 ne * !tn ?or a time' and the
I \J I doctor had 01 escribed a vhlt f»
V. ¦? I her mother in the country.
f^L* I "You will go. certainly." re
plied 2ur. Bowser when informed of what
had been ordered. "There is nothing
whatever to prevent. a».d it's a wonder I
did not think of it mv&elf." ~ "*v. v «
"But you will be piu to great trouble,
she protested. "You can sleep here nights,
cf course, but you don't like lunching
around at restaurants." * .' „ "-'¦',
"Don't you worry . one little bit about
me. 1 stall neither Bleep here nor luach
around. I'll shut the house up and so ti
some private boardlnc-nouse. '
"I'm afraid you— you won't like it. anu
then; is the cat to be considered.
"Hang tho cat!" heartily exclaimed Mr.
Bowser. "If Flie Isn't big cnouirh to fish
for herself she'll flot keep me hanging
around here. I'll drop over occasionally
to see how sh* trr-ts -Jf.ns. but no cat Is
going to interfere with my programme.
As for my not liking noaMing-nouse llf*.
I expect rather to enioy it. I've long had
a theory about boarding-houses ana now
is a good time to see what It is worth.
You Just get ready .ind trot along and
don't worry over roe." ¦,. V *
"If you have any rows with' landladies
you -won't — won't let them get into tho
papers?" pleaded Mrs. Bowser.
"What will I have row* nbout?" he In
nocently queried. "The room, the bed and
the cookin? will be all light, and there'll
be no occasion for anv hard words."
Mrs. Bowser departed by an early
morning train; and Mr. Bowser lost no
time In looking out for quarter*. He knew
of a score- of -boarding-houses not too far
away, and within an hour he was pulling
the "bell at the top of a flight of steps.
It was the landlady herself who answered
the ring, and when she understood that
he was in search of a temporary homo
the frozen look she had put on for the
benefit of a canvasser was replaced by .a
smile that ishe tried her best to make ap
pear motherly. >
"I think I understand you," she said,
with a friendly nod. "You are looking
for a place -which will extend the com
fcrts of home, and you have come to tho
-- .
9WHAT BABY
SHOULD WEIGH
«=tj=3HE baby ; of normal weight tips
down at birth the tiny scales at the
J| seven-pound mark. If he or she Is
much heavier or much lighter, he or
she Is at war with the average. A peculiar
feature of baby weight 1* that, during the
flrst dayd of its life, the youngster— that
is, the perfectly normal youngster— losoi
one pound. Thus, : examinations made on
the second and fourth days will show a
weight of six pounds only. But after the
firm week, at the end of which time the
lcs>t pound should be regained, there is a
steady advance in the Infant avoirdupois.
Ten pounds should have been reached
by the time the baby is eight weeks old,
and when it is twenty weeks old the
weight should be fourteen pounds.
¦;¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ v- v -' - ¦• ¦ ¦ '.v .
Cut the heads off and clean . the bodies,
fill with oysters seasoned with salt and
pepper; dip In beaten" egg./Tpll In"; ,'nn'e
-bread . crumbs and fry * golden brown in
deep, smoking; hot fat; serve with parsley
and lemon. N '-'
Head Cheese.
Head cheese is as cid as our grand
mothers, and after/a long : . period of.ob
scurity it comes again . to the fore to re
mind us that we can" t Improve much upon
the larder of the earllor, generations' ,.f*.
mous housewives, despite all the flourishes
that the modern chef affects. ..The savory
herba that those old* dames ; knew* the se
cretof so well will tempt a modern appe.
tlte quite as well as in' their day, no' mat
ter how blase we think we are.
•Boil the cleaned head, feet : ' and tongue
of young pork, also, four, pounds fresh
beef; .when the bones ' slip . from -. the meat
drain from water and chop. 'Season with
salt, sage arid summer savory. Pack Into'
a; loaf , tin, press \down _ with '.-. a , heavy,
weight. Whan wanted, unmold, * garnish
with hard-boiled eggs arid parsley. :¦'':>
Calves' Head in a Chafing Dish.
Chafing dish recipes are always In dt-
g-p^HlB Is a season of despair for the
I housekeepers. The 'holiday appe
1 tltes, braced' by crisp Christmas
J^ weather, are flagging and the sum-
mer season's tempting delicacies are
not yet In market. The artist who directs
a kitchen must rack her oralns or those
of a sympathising friend for table novel
ties. • v V~iV>:
Here Is one:. ¦
Oxtail Soup.
Separate two oxtails at the Joints, wash
and put In kettle with two tablespoonfuls
butter and two sliced onions: fry > until
brown. Then add four auarts of : water
and simmer slowly for four hours:. then
add one sliced carrot, one turnip, one bay ;
— leaf, one tablespoonful summer savory,'
•one tablespoonful celery seed, four cloves,
half . tablespoonful salt, half . tablespoon
pepper., Cook one hour longer, strain.".'
aklm off grease, reheat, turn into tureen
fwltb some of the best Joints, threo slices
ft lemon and a small bunch, of parsley.'
Smelts. ; ;~* -/-/-
A savory combination for Lenten days
Is made of smelts and oysters. . , ¦}
RISK IN RAW
VEGETABLES.
«ip=^ROFESSOR GUALDI, chief of the
\VJj) Bureau of Hygiene of Rome, who
-.]p"v has . "given • much attention to the
-• study of typhoid fever as it occurs
in large : cities, has observed a close con
nection ' between 1 Its - prevalence and the
consumption of raw, vegetables, the sea
sonal curve of typhoid fever correspond
ing clqsely to I that indicating the quan
tity of such vegetables sold ; throughout
the different months of the year. Apart
from the occurrence of local infections
due to accidental pollution of water-sup
ply or ¦ milk-supply,' the contamination of
either of the latter cannot satisfactorily
explain -. the 2 distribution of cases in the
city, of Rome, whereas it is readily ac
counted for on the t hypothesis that these
cases arise ' in connection with the con
sumption of raw vegetables which is bo
extensive among the lower classes there.
At Padua a careful ¦'- microscopical and
bacteriological | examination of vegetables
commonly, eaten in the raw state, includ
ing: lettuce i and < celery, ; has i yielded re
sults, which ? clearly demonstrate the im
portance of these as a possible ; source of
parasitic and • infectious diseases gener
ally. By the .bacteriological examination
microbes were found in such myriads that
' In New* York f resl>, well cooked flsh is
difficult to get in even the best of hotels,
and the chophouaes making a specialty
of the service of sea food are sought by.
flsh lovers In preference to the larger and
more fashionable restaurants. In Lent,
however, there is a plenitude of this food
in the hotels and its preparation Is at
tended to with special care.
There are a number of admirable
bisques made from fish which are special
ly suitable for the Lenten table, the lob
ster bisque being perhaps the most popu
lar.']: There is no finer soup than a. well
made lobster bisque and while it requires
care and precision in the making, it re
pays- the palato with Its excellence ' of
taste. There, are many ( very elaborate
and to the amateur cook somewhat con-
| New England has always been more
partial to fls,h dinners than any other
part of the country. Rhode Island orig
inated the clambake and the Down East
States are all famous'for their flsh din
ners and chowders. Boston also empha
sizes flsh on its hotel bills of fare more
than New York, and Philadelphia's ter
rapin cooking Is of the best.
v.-ith sea food during the penitential rea
son. The wares are so temptingly dis
played that the marketer is led to add
tMa much neglected food to the dinner
menu. It is a fact that flsh is not popular
with Americans as a diet. While it al
ways has Its place in a course dinner, it
id usually disguised in. thick sauces and
Is only incidental to the repast. • Erg
land's love for roast beef 4s more than
balanced by America's fondness for steak,
which, by nine out of ten persons, would
always be chosen in preference to the
daintiest of flsh dishes.
Rub a salad bowl with a sliced onion,
then add alternate layers of' Boston let
tuce and escarole. Mix two tablespoonfuls
olive oil with two of vinegar, half tea
spoonful salt, dash of paprika and sprin
kle over the salad just before serving.
Place radishes cut to represent lilies upon
the leaves. « - *, ... '•
LENT not only offers a longed for
rest to society's votaries, but also
gives an opportunity for a welcome
change in the eternal meat diet of
the aveyace American table. For it is a
fact that fish is eaten more generally by
every one In the Lenten season, not only
by those abstaining from meat on ac
count of c/hurch regulations but also by
others without religious leanings.
The markets ara plentifully supplied
mand — possible ones. Tne usual chaflr.gr
dish recipe book lures you into all kinds
of culinary scrapes -by decoying you to
try Impossible complexities. The saute of
calves' liver, however, is very simple and
worth while trying for an' impromptu
lunch.
Saute a calves' liver In two tablespoan
fuls of butter placed in the blaster for
five minutes, then turn on one cupful
water, a generous sprinkling of salt and
pepper, and simmer for ten minutes or
until water is absorbed in meat. Dish on
a hot plate, garnished with boiled chest
nuts. • -
Green Salad.
After all the abnormal ralads— mlxturee
of flsh. flesh and fowl— that the seeker for
novelty, has conglomerated it Is some
thing of a relief, is it not, to get back to
a good, plain, old-fashioned salad Ilka
this? .
¦Wasnlngton's Surprise,
You know that the up-to-dato icecream
Is baked. There are ways and ways of
doing this. Here Is one called 'Washing
ton's surprise. As In all of these formu
las, a thick meringue is at the bottom of
the trick. It forms a crust that bakes
firm and brown, leaving the icecream as
cool as a cucumber inside.
Place a mold of icecream on an Inch
layer of sponge cake, heap with a thick
meringue and garnish with candled cher
ries and fancy bits cut from citron to
simulate leaves, and stems. Set in hot
oven a few seconds to brown.
Prunes in Wine Jelly.
We have been accustomed to look upon
prunes as a pious form of dissipation,
very good for the health and very cheap.
We are apt to associate them with Sa ;
xnanthy's best bib and tucker and the
minister coming to tea. Here is a new
point of view, however; they are being
used with wine Jelly as a swell dessert and
you would never know them for the same
old prunes.
Soak one box of eelatin In half pint
cold water for five minutes; add one quart
boiling water, one and a half cupfuls su-
fusing methods for preparing this dish,
but a simpler recipe is as follows:
Plunge a large lobster, or two of med
ium size, into a pot of salted boiling wa
ter and cook until the shell is quite red.
Then take it from the water and cool.
Remove the flesh from the shell, rejecting
the soft fins which He close to the body
vnder the legs, the stomach, which is in
closed In a hard membrane back of the
eyes, and the intestine. Save the coral
and green fat. *
Cut the flesh of the lobster Into small
pieces. Put on the flre a saucepan con
taining two heaping tablespoons each of
butter and flour and stir them together
until they bubble. Then gradually add
three quarts of boiling water, stirring it
until the soup Is very smooth. Then add
the lobster prepared as directed. Season
the soup highly with salt and "red pepper.
Boll for two or three minutes and serve
hot.
Lobster a la Newburg Is a good substi
tute for the usual flsh course and Is made
from the meat of two lobsters cut in small
pieces. Put two ounces of butter In a onn
over the flre and as soon as It melts put in
six finely chopped button mushrooms,
which must cook three minutes without
browning. Then add the lobster meat and
half a pint of sherry wine. Let this cook
for three or four minutes. Then mix one
and a half cups of cream with the yolks
of four eggs and mix well with the lob
ster, allowing it to remain over the flre
a few minutes without boiling. The mush
rooms may be omitted If desired.
-Mussels are a much neglected sea food,
although capable of preparation in many
ways that make them a most delicious
dish. At a recent luncheon the hostess
surprised her guests by serving a dish of
mussels in silver shells cooked' after a
recipe that gave them' much the flavor -of
snails prepared in the French style,
'. The smaller Tnusseia should be chosen,
and the shells well scraped and' washed
to rid them of all grit' Then the musseia
ara put in a stewpan with one sliced onion,
a bunch of parsley and one pint of white
wine. Season with salt and pepper and
stand the pan over the flre until the shells
a complete Hat of their species could not
be made. The danger of eating salads
made of vegetables containing this vast
amount of parasitic and J nlcrol JJ c ,, l J l 1 * e
must be considerable. A thorough disin
fection is, however, easily effected by
soaking the vegetables for half an hour
in a three per cent solution of tartarlc
add (about an ounce of acid to a quart
of water).— Leslie's "Weekly.
THIS 9sz tastes as If It had been
boiled In hot water," said the eman
cipated young woman with ths
short hair. "I can always tell In a
minute If an egg has been cooked In that
way."
Her companion had not learned quits
as many things and was Quite satisfied
with her egg. She only murmured softly:
"I never heard of an egg boiled In cxjld
water, did your
"It is high time you were Introduced to
this institution," her wise friend contin
ued, "and I am delighted to Illuminate
you even at the risk of arousing more of
your sarcasm. An eg?, to be boiled prop
erly for human consumption should bo
put Into cold water and then placed over
the flre. Then it cooks with the water.
The egg cooks moreover thoroughly and
from the Inside
"Ask a physician or a trained nurse
how to boil an egg so that its greatest
nutriment and flavor shall be preserved.
Either of them will tell you to put It In
cold water. The old way of dropping the
egg into boiling water has long been
Riven up. It used to cook the tgg sud
denly and destroy its flavor.
"So don't be sarcastic becanse yon
haven't heard of the century's advance."
BOIL EGGS IN
COLD WATER.
The Guilford clams now in market are
not so well known as they should be t»
the average housekeeper. Their flavor Is
good and they may be cooked In a num
ber of ways... They are specially palat
able cooked in a chafing dish. Select a
dozen of the larger clams, wash them
thorsughly and plunge in boiling water
for a moment. Drain and open them and
use .the plump part only. Put in a chaf
ing dish a pat of butter and when quite
hot add a dasn of flour and cayenne to
suit the taste. Add the clams and when
they are slightly cooked add a gill of
cherry. Cover the dish and allow it to
simmer five ¦ minutes. Have ready three
slices of toast, put four clams on each
slice, add a little of the sherry and serve.
cious. The shells may be purchased al
ready made af the baker's If the making
of good puff paste is not an accomplish
ment of the cook's.
Put in the saucepan half an ounce of
butter, half an onion minced fine and a
email carrot shredded. Toss about for
two or three minutes to fry, but not to
color; then add two tablespoons of floor.
Mix It well with the other ingredients
and add three pints of hot water, a pint
of boiling cream, half a teaspoon of salt
and a salt spoon of white pepper. Sim
mer one hour and strain into a suacepan.
Add to each pint of it half a gill of warm
cream. Place It .back on the range again
and simmer. Then mix In a Quart et
crab meat and cook for a few minutes.
Fill the shells and serve.
Crab meat, which can be bought fresh
In the market ready for use. is another
dainty Lenten -dish. Patties made from,
it and served with cream sauce are deli-
open. Then take out the mussels, clean
thoroughly and cut them In halves.
Strain the cooking liquor of the mus
sels Into another pan; mix with It an
equal quantity of veloute sauce, and boll
until reduced to about half the original
quantity. Thicken the sauce with a lump
of butter and put s the mussels In tha
sauce with one spoonful of chopped pars
ley. Fill silver or paper shells with this
mixture, cover with grated bread crumbs,
put a small bit of butter on top of each,
and brown In the oven. Serve on folded
napkins.
APPETIZING FISH DISHES FOR LENT
Don't forget this easv little rule:
"Wash the fruit In cold water, wipe and
polish with a flannel. Grapes should be
only washed. Arrange on a pretty dish
and serve cold.
When Serving Fruit
| If there happen to be any birthdays la
your f«m"y at present, here 1» a cake for
you that holds candles better than a mor*
flimsy and delicate loaf. It Is, however, a
good rich cake for any season, with, «•
wlthoot candles.
Cream three ctrpfuls dark brown sucar,
two scant cupfuls butter, yolks of tight
eggs weH beaten: then add one cupful
dark molasses, half cup brandy. Juice o£
one lemon, one tableffooonful cinnamon,
one teaspoonful each of cloves and mace,
half grated nutmeg, two cupfuls flour.
B«at well, then add stiffly beaten whites
of the* eggs, two pounds seeded raisins,
two pounds currants, three-fourths pound
citron mixed with two more cuus of sifted
flour. Dissolve on* teaapoonful soda In
one tablespoonful water, mix thoroughly;
line a cake pan with three thicknesses ot
buttered paper, fill two-thirds full; baks
two hours in slow oven. When cold cover
with white lcine and then trim with gar
lands, which can be bought at the confec
tionery; place colored candles In pin*
paste roses and arrange about the cake.
Birthday Cake.
Now that we must content ©orserres)
with the winter fruit for the most part It
is' a rood thin* to remember thaforangM
can be served variously by a llttla lnr»
nuity.
Remove Inside from six oranges, cat sheila
Into points. Cut the pulp Into small pieces
and season with sugar; chill, fill the shells
and place a meringue on each. Place a bit
of red Jelly on each meringue.
French Oranges.
car, etlr tmtll dissolved, then add halt
pint wins, Juice of two lemons and strain.
Pla.ee half Inch of mixture In a mold and
chill, then place a layer of cooked FVenca
prunes and add another layer of the mix
ture; chill and repeat until mold Is filled.
When ready to serve dip mold an Instant
In warm water and Invert on dish.
• ¦ ¦ • -¦ .
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
Dishes for the
EpicorsBetween the glowing tombstones at night
and Sandy "McGovern by day. Winter
Quarter is In the throes of nervous pros
tration and a general strike.
which can be placed about the stones*.
is tfred of walking about he gets up b*
sSde the driver of the car and rides wltTi
him until the light from outside gtuwa
strong through the opening of the mine'a
mouth, when he vanishes into thin air.
Scores of miners are ready to swear that
they not only have seen Sandy, but hava
talked with > him; for, though headless,
Sandy seems to be able to converse. All
possible arguments have been presented,
to Sandy to Induce him to quit the mine,
but he is an obstinate ghost and will not
listen to reason. l T p In the vlllags bury
ing ground on the hillside, wher* so many
of the victims of -the great tragedy Iis
buried, other ghosts flit about o' nlghta
and It has been represented to Randy that
he would he much more comfortable up
there In company with the other disem
bodied ones than he can possibly be In
the mine, where hs is only clogging thsi
wheels of Industry by hi3 erratic behav
ior. But Sandy wants to stay "in tha
mine, where the strong and lusty live ones
are swinginc their brawny aVtrdl In air
and the pick sounds on the "''black dia
monds."' He is pre-eminently aisodabla
ghost, and in time the miners might get
used to him and moderately "chummy"
if he would only wear bis, bead; but h»
won't.
Therefore, a? Sandy refuses to wear his
head or to leave the mine, the miners de
clare thai they will get out themselves.
The general manager of the mining com
pany has gone to Winter Quarter to try
what he can accomplish with Sandy. Pos
sibly the headless one will listen to tha
general manager, for he is a man looksd
upon with much awe by live- miners, and
why not by dead ones? The ghostly go
ings on in the graveyard ar« less annoy-
Ine than the headless Sandy, but they
are weird enough to make "googe Ceah"
on peoplo who have not tcot accustomed
to them. In the dark nights, when tha
wind whistles along the hil!3ide. tha
miner, looking from his cottage window
toward the place where so man$v of bis
fellow workmen He burled, will s«e some
times the tombstones of the dead onea
shining out bright with a strange, uiv
earthiy light. Then he '.knows that tha
souls of the dead are not at rest, and h»
cannot rest his living soul.; either, but
falls into a troubled, specter- baunt«d
sleep, to wake in the cold, gray dawn
and take his way to the mine whera tho
ghost of Sandy McGovern Is awaiting;
him. The experiment has been tried of
wrapping with blankets the tombaton*a
most given to shining at night, but the
weird light "that never was on sea or
land" shines through all the wrappings
The mine is dug in the eide of a hill,
and from its depths mules and horses
draw the loaded cars to the mine's mouth,
opening on the sunlit Slopes. When Sandy
But all these things might have been
endured, for men must work that they
may eat, and miners cannot choose their
company or their surroundings, had not
bandy McGovern put in his headless ap
pearance. Who Sandy was in life or how
the miners can recognize a headless ghost
does not appear, but they know the head
less spirit as well as they know each
other, and speak of him as they would of
any other fellow miner. Whatever t-andy
may have been in life, he la decidedly un
popular now. His habit of going about
without his head is one of which the
miners cannot approve. They are lenient
people, too, and not much given to draw
ing strict lines of demarVation between
good habits and bad ones. But they do
draw the line at Sandy'* reprehensible
habit, which, it will .be admitted. Is car
rying a joke too far. Sandy*, walks about
the mine and one never knows when he
will meet him or glance over his shoulder
to Eee the headless one standing close be
hind him.
But a more nerve-racklnsr thing fol
lowed. The mine became haunted.
Strange and weird noises were heard, the
calling and groaning of the spirits of the
dead miners who had perished in the
great explosion, made the place hideous,
and to work In the bowels of the earth
with ghestly voices and agonized groans
from departed fellow workmen sounding
around one Is. as any one will admit,
something to try the stoutest hearts.
life. When the mine was opened again
after the explosion there ensned a period
when great massed fell from the roof,
masses which had been loosened by th*
shaking up the mine had had in the ex
plosion. For weeks there was scarcely a
day whfn some miner was not Injured by
the falling debris and rook. This tendM
to shake the nerves of the miners, but
they stood it. and after a time the loos
ened masses etased to fall.
But Mrs. Moores was r.ot satisfied, and
»he urged the negro to go on with the dig
ging. After considerable parleying, the
work was resumed, and at about the third
stroke the spade struck a. metal pot. in
which, when unearthed, was found $2SQ0,
all in $3) gold pieces.
some suuaDie and safe place. This was
done. Eleven years later he died sudden
ly without acquainting his wife with the
location of the hidden money. One night,
a month ago, she dreamed the hidden
money was at a certain place on the old
plantation, where it had t*en buried
thirty-flve years ago, and two nights later
the vision in every detail was repeated.
She asked a mala relative to go for a
visit with her to the country and about
a week ago they landed at tho old plan
tation. A negro man was employed, and
t{ie three started out over the place.
After several houra of wandering the
landmarks, as seen In Mrs. Moores'
dream, were found. The negro was told
,to dig at a certain spot and went to work
with a will under the promise of extra
pay If anything was found. After nearly
an hour's digging he said it was no use,
"dis groun* ain't never been 'sturbed since
de Lord made It"
FROM Texas comes this strange ac
count of a supernatural but satis
factory occurrence: Before the Civil
War, and for several years there
after, Mns. Rachel Moores, with her hus
band. Colonel David II. Moores. resided
«-in her beautiful country plantation near
Alamo Mills, Tex., about twenty miles
fcouth of Tcxarkar.a. They had been large
Flaveholders and In the early part of 1SC&
had many of their former slaves living on
the place witl- them. About that time sev
eral robberies by ex-slaves of their
former masters m-ere reported In this sec
tion, the news 'of which occurrences led
to a consultation between Colonel Moores
and his wife as to the proper action neces
f&ry for the safety of their own property.
It was derided best that the colonel RO
alone, at night, and bury the treasure at
ft__jf OW can this strange story, coming
nfrom Miller, S. D. f be accounted
for? According to persons of Ion?
residence ntar Miller, there fre- '
quently appears, moving over the prarie,
a light as large as the headlight of an
engine. At times it was smaller, and at -
still other times it assumed very much
larger proportions.
No one has been. able to exactly locate
It, as it disappears before the investiga
tion. ..'.¦" ' ¦ ¦..•¦' ¦..'••
At least two men who lived there in an
early day left suddenly and went East.
One was Gable Post.
He came to town and left without say- .
Ing good-by to any one. In writing back
he would ask if the settlers in his section'
were still holding their claims.
The other man waa Dennis Connlhan.
In hi9 letters he frequently speaks of a>
strange section, and asks if the settlers
are there yet. .
They lived alone and, were superstitious.
It Is believed they saw the strange light
and left on account of it.
A local newspaper"gathered these facts
regarding the mysterious light:
' : A few nights ago a number of persons
1 were confident they saw a burning build
ing six miles west, but inquiry has failed
to locate anything of that nature in that
neighborhood. v
: Those ; who • have been investlgatlris the
cause of the fire they saw now recall tbm
fact that -during the. last several yearn
they have seen, at interval*, a light about
the size- of that in a lantern on tha track
west of • town, often appearing: Uk-» tha
' headlight of an engine.
It. would frequently dw!g« about and
dtoappaar for a few minutes, and then
come back.
No one nan ever been able to exactly
locate it, but all agree that a light that
cannot be ; accounted for \ frequently
dodges about over the prairie- a, faw miles
west of here.
"Were those .who have seen -the uncer
tain light of a superstitious turn they
might Imagln* that ftn Indian brave from
the happy hunting ground had returned
to shoot his arrow of nre> over the old
battlefield, for It was not far from this
spot that the Bees were struck down and
annihilated by the Sioux.
Tradition says that thousands of braves .
bit the dust In that contest. v
' '
TJk. TT EAR Muncle, Ind., a phantom dog
P^ , has been reported recently.
XL li Unlike the ghost of Podunk road,
this spirit visitor can not be seen,
but Is heard barking night after night.
The phantom dog is paid to frequent the
road between Yorktown and Dale vllle. Its
barking will be heard close to pedestrians,
wheelmen or vehicles, but, upon Investi
gation, no dosr can be found.
Several bra v« young men have endeav
ored to catch sight of the uncanny animal
that is heard but is never visible, but all
to no purpose.
People who believe In' ghosts predict
somo dire catastrophe for travelers in this
section, while others declared it is nothing
but a hitherto unnoticed echo. : ' But no
dog about this portion ef the country has
the shrill, terrified ' and terrifying note ;
that the phantom canine gives vent to.=-*
Another "" theory is ; that the dog itself
: has been. killed, and that this is Its spirit:
A peddler was found dead by the road
side between the two towns several years
ago, and the dog. is' supposed by somo
people to be his.
JfR MOST mysterious occurrence bor
jL—A, derlng on the supernatural Is re-
I* J» corded as having happened at the
home of J. H. Smith of Findlay,
Ohio. The family. was awakened at mid
night by the sound of music in the house,
and were horrified to find that a large
music box in the parlor was grinding mer
rily* a way without any signs' of having
been tampered with by . human hands. A'
side door leading to tne street was open,
but as nothing in the house with the pos
sible exception of the music box had been
touched the idea of burglars seems almost
preposterous. The occurrence was decid
edly uncanny, to say the least.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith retired as usual
after locking the house securely. Major,
an immense St. Bernard dog, was in the
house, as usual, and no' thought of un
welcome guests was for a moment enter
tained. They had been asleep some time
when Mrs. Smith was awakened by tha
barking of the dog. He soon desisted,
however, and thinking It was nothing
more than eomo one passing on the out
side, Mrs. Smith dropped asleep. In about
an hour she again awakened and saw that
the door to. her bedroom, which had been
closed but not Jatched, was ; open. Bh«'.
called Mr.' Smith's attention to the - fact,
but they decided It must have been caused
by the dog forcing his way into the room.
Suddenly Mrs. Smith was again awak
ened. She distinctly heard, the found of
music. " There . was a party across the
street, and she was inclined to think the
music issued from that source. A glance
at the clock showed her that It was near
ly 2 o'clock,' and that the party had been
over,; for some hours. The sound of the
music was remarkably plain.. She could
distinguish each note. It was the "Mock
lnar Bird." , . ,
"No one can appreciate the . wetrdness
of that music at that hour of the night,"
said Mrs. Smith. !'As soon as I was thor
oughly awake I realized - that It issued
from the music box in the parlor, directly
beneath my bedroom. I aroused Mr. Smith
and told him, my fears. He wouldn't be
lieve it. and we both walked Into the hall
and peered over . the banister Into the
hall below. I was not mistaken; it wa.i
the music box. I knew it had been wound
up, but we had not used it ! since Christ
mas day.
"I have found out all about her!" he ex*
claimed solemnly. "Come with me in to
supper and I will tell you all her history.
"You know," he began, after he had sup- (
plied her and himself with chicken cro
quettes and salad, and taken his seat at
the little table, "that I told you that I
thought I was haunted by that girl for a
purpose, and bo I was. The day after I
talked with you about her I saw
her again, and I thought I would
follow her. Try as I r might I
could not overtake her; she was
always about ten" feet In front of 'me.
Sometimes the crowd would separate us,
but I would soon see her again "'flitting'
ahead, always at the same distance. She
continued for a couple of blocks In: Wall
street and then turned Into Pearl street,
stopped before an open stairway next to
a email cigar shop, and, turning toward
A week or two later, says the writer,
who tells the tale, she again met. Mr. X.
Tnls time It was at a ball. "How about
your ghost?" she asked him flippantly.
"Is Mr. X. a little queer T" asked the
girl of her hostess after tho women had
returned to the drawing room. And she
related the foregoing conversation. \ "Was
he trying to quiz me, or did he, like the
Ancient Mariner, feel Impelled to teil his
tale to some particular person and there
fore single me out?"
"I really am," returned the man with
apparent conviction. "I am haunted by
the daylight ghost of a pretty typewriter
and I feel that I have a mission to give
peace to her troubled soul."
typewriter? That is, I Imagined she must
have been one when living. She carries
a roll of papers and la almost as pretty at
you are. "Well, as I was saying, no one
seems to notice her. A newsboy ran right
up against her, or rather, as it seemed to
me, through her, and he never swerved,
and a horrid old stock broker I know, who
always stares at a pretty woman, passed
her by without a glance. . She Is evidently
haunting me alone, but why I cannot
Imagine. I feel cold shivers run down my
back whenever I meet her and am sure I
am singled out for some purpose. What
would you do about It?"
"Are you. really serious?" Queried hi*
companion.
T? T Is a mistaken notion that ghosts on?y
appear at night and In the darkness."
il remarked a solemn looking young man
to his neighbor at dinner. "I have
seen one In broad daylight in "Wall street."
"How absurd," laughed the pretty girl
to whom he was talking.
"Fact, I assure you," continued the se
rious youth. "I have seen her several
times and I am sure she is a ghost. How
do I know? Oh, by her general appear
ance. Once I saw through her— and, be
sides that she eeems to sort of float in
stead of walk. But the thing that really
convinced me she is a spirit is that I am
sure I am the only person that sees her.
The last time she appeared to me was
a month ago. Did I tell you she was a
"As we entered the parlor we could sea
that the sldo door leading from the sit
ting-room to the street was wide open,
and the wind was blowing a perfect gale.
Mr. Smith at once shut off the music box
and then closed the door. The door had
"The dog was resting easily on the
stairs In plain view of the parlor and. the
music box and showed no signs of annoy
ance. No one could have touched the box
without Major's having seen him. My
thought was that some one had broken
Into the house and started the music in
the hope that Mr. Smith would go down
stairs and then they would assault him.
I insisted and we went down the stairs.
The rooms, which are heated by steam.
were ley cold. All this time the music
box was playing that weird 'Mocking
Bird.'. I think I never heard a piece so
utterly out of accord with my feelings.
On the theory that the door had not
been securely . locked and that the high
wind had blown It open. what, then, had
caused the music box to- play?. Some hand
turned it on. Some of tho theories are
practical, and the family is at a total loss
to know how and why their - home waa
entered anS'the music box set going in the
dead of night.
The music -box is turned "on" and "off"
by -the- movement of a stiff -acting lever}
quite a pull is necessary to move it Grant
it that a man had entered the door that
was found open, the dog. who is a savaga
fellow at night, would have seen him. It
burglary had been the object" something
would have been missed. A lunatic would
have broken Into the house for the pur
pose of turning on the music box; no san«
man would. - A "
been locked by a spring lock and key, but
stood wide open, with the bolts' thrown.
"We could find nothing: disturbed, and
have since been unable to discover any
loss whatever."
girl committed suicide by Jumping from
the window of the room above. Therj
had been some money lost in the office
where she had been employed as type-
Writer, sho had been suspected and her
self-inflicted death confirmed her employ
ers In' the belief of her dishonesty. As he
talked I began to discover the reason why
I had been haunted. I am of what is gei
ernlly known as. a receptive nature— that
is, I have been toltl so by my friends that
experiment with magnetism and tho bo
called spiritual manifestations. My theory
Is that I was chosen .on that account to
prove her innocence to tho world, for, I
went to her employer*, told them the
whole story and insisted, despite the
skepticism, upon a thorough examination
of the dead girl's,-: desk; Back- of one of
the drawers w«s hii empty Inclosed space
formed by .the cuiifc-trmtlon of the desk;
the tack board of tho <lruw*>r had been
slightly shoved down, and through this
aperture the mlsaing money had undoubt
edly fallen, for it was found. tit the bottom
of the empty boxlike space. Of course,
she In her spiritualized condition became
aware of this fact, and, as was but natu
ral, sought a medium to whom she could
discover it."
"Did Mr. X. make that nil up. do you
think," said the society girl afterward,
"or does he believe it himself?"
and In cramped and uncomfortable posi
tions awaited developments.
For a half-hour after this the horses
were restless and excited, but at last
came the succession of Ehrieka and yells,
ghastly, horrible.
The party Jerked open the door, and
there in the streak of light coming from a
lamp in the kitchen window stood a tall,
black £gure. Tne^nen rushed out to catch
It, but their hands closed on nothing but
air.
The spook had vanished!
A rapid search of the entire place waa
then made, but no traces were found of
the mysterious visitor, who acted like a
ghost but did not resemble one. At least,
no one else has ever seen one than this
reporter, and he says it was not white nor
transparent, but black and — wonderful.
Wagons and carriages were pulled out
of their accustomed places, the tails of
the horses were Draided as before, the
cot?' tails were neatly tied up. and a calf,
which had been put into a grain bin In
order to facilitate Its weaning, was found
standing in the center of the floor.
The coats of the horses were thickly
coveTed with sweat, and the straw bed
.iing was ecattered all over the interior of
the barn. .
SITUATED a mile from Kast Brook
field, on the i ..dunk highway, Mas
sachusetts. Is the farm of Wilson T.
Houle, and it is here that a series
of events, mysterious ar.d even supernat
ural, have taken plare. which bring back
with startling vividness the days of witch
craft, and which, if they continue to oc
cur, will change many an incredulous
!«ufh to a startled gasp and cause many
a person to think twice before saying:
• "There are no such things as ghosts."
The first indication that anything out of
the ordinary was going on was a splitting
shriek which broke out on the still night
*ir a. little more than a week ago. when
the Houle family were seated In the sit
ting-room of their house, which Is but a
stone's throw from the barn.
The bead of the family, who was read-
Irg at the table, sprang to his feet and
went to the window which commanded a
view of the barn. As he looked, he claims,
he caw a peculiar light coming from the
many cracks in the walls of the barn,
which, by the way, is a very ramshackle
affair, and he at once thought that the
barn waa on Cre and that the cry came
from one of the horses, frightened by the
flames ard imoke.
"Coxne. boys," he cried to his two sons.
"the barn Is on fire! Come and help me
itve the animals." And with that he
rushed out of the door in the direction of
the stable.
Th« two boys followed with all possible
cpeefi, but even as they reached the barn
floor the phosphorescent gleam vanished,
a wild cry chilled them to the very mar
row, exid — all was once more still — stiller
thai was comfortable.
The trio stood for a moment as If spell
bound, and then the father advanoed to
the door and opened It.
Tae three horses were snorting in their
¦tails, perhaps alarmed at the late visita
tion, maybe frightened at what had taken
place; otherwise nothing out of the ordin
ary appeared to be present.
But when a lantern was lighted a start
ling discovery was made. Every horse's
tall was tightly braided, like a young
girl's hair.
Each person rook a horse's tail In hand
and It was but a very few moments that
the unaccustomed coiffure had assumed
Its natural appearance once more.
The next right a reporter for an East
ern paper appeared on the scene, and at 9
o'clock suggested that the elder Houle
and one of the boys accompany him to
the scene of the disturbance and try to
make the edifice "ghost proof." Accord
ingly hammers and nails were pressed
into service and in a very few moments
the doors and windows were nailed tight
with strips of board. The cellar door, for
there la a cellar under one part of the
barn, was the place chosen by the ghost
hunters for th*!r concealment, and so the
party crept into Its elected rendezvous.
XBTE3 HXnSTDAlT CAIX.
11
me, beckoned slightly but unmistakably,
then glided up the stain, I following;.
"At the top was an open door leading;
into an empty office, where near an open
window was a desk upon which stood a
typewriter. One* more the erirl turned
toward me, pointed to the desk, and
then, to my horror, sprang out on the nar
row window ledge and apparently plunged
into space. I rushed to the window ani
looked down. In the street below the
people were walking to and fro as usual,
and, to my great relief, there was no evl
denoe of the tragedy I had feared, for,
although I told you I thought she was n.
ghoet I did not actually believe it until
that moment. Going down stairs I en
tered the cigar shop, and buying some
cigarettes. I engaged the proprietor in
conversation, in the course of which he
told me that five years before a tragic
event occurred In the building. A young
AHEADL.EB3 person of the order
of ghosts, Sandy McGovern by
name, la making a great deal of
trouble for the Pleasant Valley
Coal Company in their Winter Quarter
mine out In Utah. The miners, most of
whom are Hungarians and Slavs, strenu-
Ouslv nhipct to Raji-
dy's presence In the
mine, and to certain'
supernatural ma.nl
festa t i o n s which
take place In th4
village gra veyard.
where the tomb
stones glow like fire
at] night The min
ers do not mind
work, but they do
object to work under
the prevailing euper
natural conditions,
and are threatening
strike— in fact, have
parti ally Rtruck.
Ghosts do not belong:
to the Miners' Un
ion, anyway, and
Sandy McGovern had
Rot to quit the mine
or the other man
will.
Last May there
was a bi« explosion
In the Winter Quar
ter mine and 200 men
lost their lives. m;U;y
more being severely
Injured, some of
them maimed for
UNCANNY
TALES
OF WEIRD HAPPENINGSThe anvil that rings to the sturdy frrtirfr
smlth's sledge may weigh 200, 800 or «M
pounds, but there are anvils whose wtlf at
is counted in ounces.- These are used by
Jewelers, silversmiths and various etaee
workers.
Counting: shapes, sizes, styles of finish,
and so on, these little anvils are made la
scores of varieties, ranging: In weight
pern fifteen ounces up to a number of
pounds each. Some of these little anvils,
weighing perhaps two pounds, are shaped
precisely like the big anvils. Others hare
shapes adapted to their special uses.
All the little anvils are of the flneat
steel. They are all trimly finished, often
nickel plated, and those surfaces that ar*
brought Into use are finished with what
Is called a mirror polish, the surface b*>»
Ing made as smooth as glass.
Somewhat of the same style residence
is the home of British Consul Pickeragill.
navo that the Pickersglll home'ig on the
hillside anA the gently undulating lawn
The home of Mr. Sweeney, with Its odd
veranda and bewlndowed walla. Is every
Inch a comfortable home— the fcort that
makes the "four flights up and no elefa
tor" city resident feel the penalty he
must pay who insists on living In town.
Study these pictures If you would read
a sermon on how to build a home. For
though no two of them are alike, they
all have that essential quality without
which a castle Is a mere barn. In no one
of them has comfort been sacrificed at the
altar of art. Yet in their individual way
each house has Its artistic touches that
delight the connoisseur.
dulged their individual taste and fancy
with a very pleasing result. Here Is a
little Swiss chalet, there a Spanish ha
cienda, yonder a Dutch castle and around
the corner a colonial house. Here is cer
tainly more than enough variety to spice
the landscape.
Xor is there finy lack of-variey to pall
on the eyesight of the passerUy. The
craze for any one particular sort of ar
chitecture has never carried all San Ra
fael off its feet Instead they have. In-
San Rafael is an ideal place for out-of
town residences. On the elevations, the
view of the rolling hills is both pleasing
and restful. Flowers grow luxuriantly
with the slightest encouragement, and
many are the other attractions. It can
not be laid at the door of the people that
they have'not made the most of the pos
sibilities, for wherever you turn you meet
a home that is artistic and commendable
in every detail.
there, and a town house as well, grad
ually cut short their stay in the city until
finally the blinds are drawn the year
around, and then one day It goes under
the real estate agent's hammer, and the
owner, now a confirmed suburbanite, ia
steadfast to nls country residence. It Is
really surprising hov.' each year the list
of city deserters grows apace.
The show-place of all San Rafael, how*
ever, is the house and grounds belonjinj
to A. "W. Foster, the well-known railroad
man. The house la a large ramblin* oil
fashioned affair, the conventional kind
that wealthy people Insisted en bavin*
years ago. But what It misses from th*
artistic standpoint it makes up for In als*
and comfort.
But the grounds around the housel Bar*
are flowers and trees In such profusion
that the Eastern visitor usually t**TiV«
he has strayed In the gardens of Tltinta
herself. The rose gardens of Mr. Foctar
are famous among: horticulturists. From
the pretty little lodge at the grata* to th*
home up the winding road Is on* mas* of
blossoms and ths air Is sweet with, their
fragrance.
Certainly In all California, ther* 1b net a
town that can boast of mom arttitlo
homes than San Rafael These picture*
alone would prove It. But there are many
others besides that the camera did not
catch. -
One of the prettiest of the new houses
In San Rafael Is that of Douglas Hardy.
Another beautiful home of recent 6aU
is that of Mrs. Ella Parks.
A pretty little cottage that prores that
taste can accomplish much without a
large financial outlay Is that of Mrs. H.
E. Jones. The cottage is very different
from the cut-and-dried low window affair
that is ubiquitous everywhere. Yet It
has all the charm of the hackneyed co<v
tag© and the additional one of origrln*lltr.
copy of a Spanish home at its best Pure
white, it stands silhouetted In all Its frace
against the blue sky, a. target for the ad
miration of everybody.
The Spanish hacienda that, perched on
the brow of the hill, reminds the passerby
of the land of the Dons, Is an exqnlslta
The home of Sidney Smith has always
been one of the most admired in Ban Ra
fael, with its large spreading house and
sweeping gardens.
Another house on this hillside ha* re
cently been purchased by L. B, Hamil
ton, an English gentleman who is spar
ing neither pains nor money to mtkt it
one of the handsomest In San Rafael. Al
ready it gives promise of living up to his
expectations.
One of the quaintest houses in San Ra
fael belongs to Leon Sloss. It U as small
and odd as the residence of his father
on the opposite end of th» town Is large
and conventional. The roof of Leon Sloss*
house is as peaked as a poke bonnet, and
Is shingled from crown to heel. Hera I*
a charming little house, picturesque an<J
comfortable, yet not unduly large or ex.
pensive— the sort that would not punctur*
a modest purse.
afford th- children all sorts of opportun
ities of showing their proire?n at torn,
mersaults without endangering llf» an*
limb.
Baa Rafael has all the modern con
venience? or which a city can boast.\Tbat
!s probably one of the reasons that thi»
people who have a country residence
The city re?S<!er.t i:sually takes a dese
of the country once a t'welv'-rujr.th. But
the suburbanite pets a sU-atfy <!'et the
>ear around. And in a* comfortable and
convenient a lAace a« San Rafael there
are none ol the diFcomfcrts and (iraw-
Vark* that eive the humorists a grain of
truth for "their jokes on the subject
Uut In rea!:lv how much more pleasant
Is his lot than that of his city-cramped
trother who. whatever his wtaHh. can
not purchase the sights and sounds and
delicious air that go to make the country
a breathing cpot this side of heaven.
The suburbanite takes It all in good
humor. He can affort to, for the joke 'c
cn the "other fellow"— on the poor, delud
ed mortal who rr*fers the joys of flat
hur.tlr.g to a "col beside the rill." In the
rep.im of fancy, when the jokesmith rides
liih overworked muse, the fate of the su-
Lurbar.ite is a miserable one, indeed.
In the imagination of a Jokesmith a su
burban town Is a. place where tha pipes
are always frozen, the furnace out of or
der and the electric light plant dynamited
la the depths of winter; while In summer
Ihe water sizzles and the iepman forgets
to come; but the mosquitoes, like the
poor, are always with them.
The woes of the suburbanite have been
painted in garish colors by the funny pa
pers. Humorists of the future will prob
able wrangle over the relative antiquity
of the suburb and the mother-in-law joke.
It's very funny to see a picture of a per
spiring suburbanite scorching for his
train on a patent bicycle with a tray at
tachment, on which the cook has placed
his breakfast. Or lie is pictured living In
solid misery in the suburban residence,
v.hich Is not all the agent has "cracked
It up to be."
"Home" is in the cackle of the chickens,
the Einfrinp birds and the buzzing bees.
end even the croaking frog. For does not
the medley of sound go to make the place
rrcre "homelike?"
"Home" is printed on the lawn, which
is never as veil groomed as a city lawn,
for there are children to play on these
velvet carpets of grass. But. if the coun
try lawn Is not fo smug and severe. It has
a color and vigor that ought to turn the
more cenventional city lawns greener
with envy.
"Home" is traced on the fiov.er-b<?d?,
where roses an<i other swec-t-scented florr
prs grow without the rank and caste that
shows the professional gardener's auto
cratic h.ind. In these democratic g3rden%
the preferences of the mistress of the
house Is plainly visible.
"Home" Is scratched on the window
panes, that are net s-j closely shrouded
!n shades as to oonccs.1 the Inviting in
terior, when* everything i« of the best,
yet nr>t too frail for every-day use and
enjoymort.
/^VOT^E oct or the dusty highways or
I / the wind-swept city into the leafy
\\*\ byways of San Rafael. There na
1^ ture greet? you in a gentle mood
j=.nd the handiwork of man does not
offend the eye. The houses In San Rafael
are not only artistic, they have that
"homey" air that is so refreshing to the
urbanite.
Of course, all sorts of houses go to make
San Rafael the picturesque suburb that
it is; but the most modest little cottage,
the filagree vilia, the fantastic "Queen
Anne," the stucco Spanish. the rambling
old-fashioned mansion and the modern
thlngled house all fly this one flag in com
mon.
"Home"' te written on the verandas,
comfortable with lounging chairs.
THE SUNDAY CALL
12
SAN RAFAEL'S ARTISTIC HOMESSTATESMEN WHO FIGURE PROM
INENTLY IN CONNECTION WITH
RUSSIA'S GRAB IX CHINA.
WEAPONS DESTROYED
BY THE POPE'S ORDER
Cne Hundred and Fifty Thousand
Firearms Burned and Swords and ¦
Halberds Are Broken.
ROME, March 9. — About 150,000 firearms,
ar.cient and modern, are now being de
stroyed in a furnace specially constructed
at the Vatican grounds. The bronze and
copper fittings are being melted down,
while the steel swords and halberds have
been broken and sold as old iron. The
only arms still retained for use at the
Vatican are those of the Palatine Guards.
Thus the Pope signalizes his abandon
ment of all projects for regaining tem
poral power by force.
silly little parvenu this girl Is!"
Many Americans who, while professing
to despise the Prince among themselves,
love to hover about titled people, are
placed In the dreadfully embarrassing- sit
uation of ...having .to: cut the Vanderbllt-
MarlLorough party or incur the Prince of
Monaco's displeasure. •"
TWO CHILDREN MABItY
„ AND MOTHER IS WEOTH
OMAHA. Xebr.. March 9.— Harry
Qhurchlll aod Olga Pries; years
of age, ran away and got married two
weeks ago. When they returned the'pa
rents repudiated the match, appealed to
the courts to* annul the. contract 'and kept
the children* apart. • Ol^a'* mother took
poison. • After she recovered she locked
the girl up and denied Harry the right to
see his bride. , / ' '
Since then the young, couple plotted to
get; . away, again. > Last '" night young
Churchill started East toget employment,.
Olga escaped and met him at the depot.
The mother, overtook her and brought her
back to the improvised prison to await the
lations. These people claim when they
elected the 'delegates the latter' made' a
compact .with them that In the convention
they '; would fight . for . - independence ¦* or
death.: :.i ;'.;
The Patrlai says, tho : present 'moment
would ; be Inopportune, for an; American
fleet to visit Havana. . The paper declares,
the Cubans : have received a* rude shock
by the adoption i of ; the* Platt resolution*,
and perhaps if > the officers of (the Ameri
can fleet were invited to attend a ball' at
the Palace, Cubans] might' refuse to ' go,
even If they were invited. . ...
; ¦' Miles Will' Visit Cuba.
WASHINGTON. [March 9;-Lieutenant
General Miles and staff have arranged for
a visit to Cuba : , early' next -week. .Tho
party^ will leave Washington for Miami.
Fla., March 14; . and there', take .the Gov^
erriment "launch >asslgned ito General
Wood, i on .which they will go to Havana,
and while on the. Island make a tour, of
Inspection of Cuban . fortifications and
"army 'garrisons. <¦ ¦ ; '
It Is cald the syndicate represents !n
reality the Pierpont Morgan . syndicate?
which Includes the Southern Railroad and
other initial lines.
Fort Chalmette, was sold at auction thi3
afternoon for $100,000. The purchasers
were a syndicate of bondholders of the
road, headed by F. J. Llsman. The re
qvired deposit of J25.000 was, made. -.The
purchasers assume all the' receiver's lia
bilities, anr.ountinjr to over $553,000, and
litigations amounting to 5200,000 more,
making the actual purchase price about
$550,000.
NEW ORLEANS. March 9.— The New.
Orleans and Western Railroad," including
Syndicate.
Is Sold for a Large Sum for a
New Orleans and Western _ Property
OUTE MORE BATXBOAD
SAID TO BE MORGAN'S
pleaded guilty In court here and was sen
tenced to two years' imprisonment tn the
Chester Penitentiary- Six months ago hls>
alleged embezzlement as Postmaster at
Colorado Springs came to. the surface, j
Reynolds has ?ust Tnlsbed a two years'
term in the Chester Penitentiary for big
amy. V.'ith a v.ife and child living at
Colorado Fpringts he came to Rlverton.
this county, asruxned the pastorate of the
Christian Church, nr.d a few weeks after
his arrival married Miss Jennie "May. a
pretty mch-.ber of his congregation. A
fow weeks later he married Miss Bertha
Hoi-nurs, cli»o of this city. After this he
rfltUted in Company C. Fifth Illinois Vol
unteer;?, for service In the Spanish-Ameri
can war. While at Chlckarcauga the
rtcry of h!> rcarriaRes leaked out and on
v.-arrart* sworn out by his three wives
If vaa arrested at CMcbamauga. lie
EPHINGFinLD. I1L. March 9.— Judge
Bcs^an. In the United States District
Ccurt. to-day ordered the Rev. John S.
npvnolds t^Icn to Colorado to stand trial
r.t Colorado Springs on a charga of em
bezzlement while acting as Postmaster
there.
cinnent for Bigamy He Get3
Into More Trouble.
After Completing a Term of Impris-
CLF.BGYHAX7 CHARGED
WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
TTCLLEPOn^T. Tex.. March 8.— A tor
r.sAo passed through the northwest Bide
of this place at 11 o'clock this morning,
fiemolletlne everything In Its track. Four
j>ersons are dead and about twenty In
jured. Fourteen dwellings were entirely
ruined and a number of others are badly
¦wrecked. The public school building Is a
total wreck. Tfce cotton oU mill Is dam
aged and the largest gin plant Is in ruins.
Wires were blown down and poles and
fences leveled. A fre'.ght car wa* blown
eft th« track- Th» dead:
TTAGGIE CLOUSE, Infant of Rev. J. H.
Clorse.
LEON", three-year-old *on of J. H. WI1-
I'air.s.
CHILD cf John "vThlte. • .
CHARLES POWERS, painter, drowned.
The Injured: Mrs. J. M. Polk and three
children; Rev. J. II. Clouse, wife and
child; J. 21. Human; D. II. George: Mrs.
| The dispatch from London statlnc that
the Marquis, of Lansdowne. vthe British
Foreign Minister.. had. duggested th:.t the
United States and Great Britain act Joint-
CALL; BUREAU, 14G6 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 9.-Evcry ef
fort is being made by the President anl
Secretary Hay to preserve the concert of
the powers in China. This statement was
made on high authority to-day.
the Warning to China.
Russia and Germany Concerned Over
AMERICA IS FOR .HARMONY.
V ' •' '• • I , ~. r ¦ ¦ - ' - ¦
formation concerning the Ruaso-Chlncse
agreement, a version of which , is . fur
nished by the_ correspondent of the Ber
liner Tageblatt, and It is insisted that
the present treaty Is df recent origin and
has not yet been signed by China. Offi
cials admit that the "negotiations at Pe
king were brought to a standstill through
the Manchuria incident. . • Y< % - v ? i/ ¦*
J. M.'.Wllliams-ana.one child: Ben Wal
ters and wife; J. F. Bass and baby; Mrs.
E. B. Graham, child and brother; child
of E. S. Gray.
Several are expected to die. The prop
erty loss Is about $50,000. . . .
Not a House Left Whole.
The tornado struck the northwest quar
ter of the town In the residence section.
No house In Its path ia left whole. Those
that are not Irreparably ruined are in the
minority. Most of th'.m are demolished —
mere heaps of debris.
Many horses ard cattle ind other live
stock are reported destroyed. "Willspoint
was demolished by a tornado on May 9.
1892.
Reports from Tyrrell say that the heav
iest rainfall on record occurred through
out that section this efternooni Several
persons are reported drowned or missing.
TEXARKANA. Ark.. March 9.-A
storm with the fury of a tornado swept
over the west part of this county to-day.
It Is reported that many buildings were
destroyed and several lives lost. Wire
connection with the stricken district Is
Interrupted.
HOUSTON, Texas. March 9. Reports
from New Boston, Toxas. Indicate that
no live? were lost In the storm, there thli
evening, but that five persona were ssi-J
ously injured.
the storm at Texarkana th« res
idence of Mrs. Poole, in a suburb, was
blown down and Mrs. Poole dangerously
Injured.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 9.— A severe
rain and hail storm has prevailed over
Kansas to-day. The rain was the heaviest
of the season, amounting In some places to
almost a cloudburst. The hall was heavy
at some times durinp t"«:e day and the fruit
crop is thought to have been Injured con
sidorably.
Explosion of Gasoline at Olds Motor
AUTOMOBILES LOST
IN DISASTROUS FIRE
Works in Detroit. Probable
Causs of Elaze.
DETROIT. March 9.— The ,Olds Motor
Works, manufacturers of gas engines, au
tomobiles and other vehicles,' on Jefferson
avenue, was destroyed. by fire this after
noon, entailing a loss of, more, than J200,
000. The property Is fully Insured.
The plant shut down at 12 o'clock noon
for half a day, and the fire broke outsoon
afterward. It" is , supposed two tanks of
gasoline in the building , exploded and
caused the fire. Two men at work on the
third floor were compelled to Jump for
their, lives. The entire season's output of
the Olds VAVorks, which was stored .•- the
lare-e bujldlngr, was destroyed.;
Kills a Murderous Cowboy.
: -HELENA; ; Mont., March 9.— "Specie"
Marsh,' a cowboy, shot and wounded Dick
Harbison and » Smith AWhlte," the latter
seriously. He. was about to fire at Frank
Howard when the latter killed hlnyat the
first 'shot. Howard gave ' himself up and
was taken to Glendlve.
Four Persons Killed and Twenty Injured at Willspoint — Other
Sections Are Also Storm Swept.
TEXAS TOWNS STRUCK BY A TORNADO
AND MANY DWELLINGS ARE WRECKED
Grodekoff to the Siberian troops, in which
the seneral said: ¦ ¦¦¦•
"You have nobly fulfilled your task of
defending a line 1500, kilometers long on
the frontiers of the .Russian empire from
Urga (Mongolia) to Khoshun, and have
thrown back the enemy across this
threatened line."
Victory Scored by Bribery.
Besides establishing direct communica
tion with Lhassa (Thitot), where
Dalailamf scored a victory for Russia by
an Immense bribe of bars of silver, direct
telegraphic, communication now also ex
ists between the Russians at ; Kuldja and
those in China, even reaching Slnanfu.'
where the Chinese court had been so
journing, by way of ''Barkcol, Khami.
Stoochow and Lanchow/ Without the
knowledge of either the .Europeans or
Americans or their Japanese allies, this»
correspondent says j Prince Tuan went (u
Khansu province (In *¦ the northwestern
portion of the. Chinese empire, bordering
on Mongolia), where- the best Chinese
troops are formed from the 8,000.000 Mos
lems there, which troops are firmly loyal
to Prlr.ce Tuan and refuse to serve either
against the allies or the Chinese court. '
Perhaps the most Important information
furnished by the Tageblatt correspondent
Is that the Russian Government has
caused to be printed, distributed and post
ed on walls throughout trans-Balkalla. a
decree ordering for March. 13 a general
remobllizatJon of troops In trans-Baikalia.
because "this Is rendered necessary in or
der to put down new disturbances which
have broken out .In China." meaning 1
thereby partly the Kansu, rebellion under
Prince Tuan. * .
German Government circles have no In-
ly to force Russia out oT Manchuria can
not be confirmed at the State Department.
The dispatch !a believed to have caused
an early call upon Secretary Hay by
Count CassinI and Count Quadt. secretary
of the German embassy. A3 a result of
their visit the representatives are sat!s»
fled that the United States will net de
part from its policy of co-operating with
all the powers In China.
There Is no doubt that Rus3la and Ger
many are particularly concerned over th»
American warning to ChJna that It would
be unwise and even drngerous for her tr»
make private arrangement* with any
power, the former because of the reflec
tion which It Is asserted this would cast
upon Its policy concerning Manchurfa anl
the- latter because of the imputation It
suffers in consequence of her plans to ksap
troops in China for another year.
SUSPICIOUS OP GERMANY.
Prince Oukhtomsky Predicts Dark
Outlook in China.
"&T. PETERSBURG. March 9.— Prlnc»
Hesspere Oukhtomsky. who recently re*
turned from China, whither he was sent
as special envoy to th» 'government, has
resumed the publication of theVlefioanostl.
and will issue a book on Monday In which
he pesss'rn'stlcally considers China's fu
ture. Prince Oukhtoraskr says he doe*
"oi tiie Chinese court to return t»
Peklr.gr for many years, and that non» of
the powers will attain substantial advan
tages. Russia, be say3. will not benefit
from Manchuria. He thinks that Germany
Is purposely accumulating a bill against
China, so that territorial payment will b«
necessary. Germany, according: to th«
Prince, desires the provinces of Pechil!
and Shantung.
MUST CEASE PREPARATIONS.
Von Waldersee Ordered to Stop Ope-
rations Against China.
LONDON. March 3.— A special dispatch
from Berlin says It Is understood that
Emperor William has Instructed the Im
perial Chancellor. Count von Bulow. to
order Count von Waldersee to cease prep
arations for further operations against
the Chinese.
BERLIN. March 9.— A dispatch received
to-day by the Cologne Gazette from St.
Petersburg oays that traffic should be
opened on the whole SIanchur!a Railroad
at v the ' end of May, bv whic'i time the
rails will have been 'aid on tfce section
between »Khallar and Tsltshar. The r?st
cf the road has been completed.
Peruvian City and Wall3 of
Houses Are Cracked.
EARTHQUAKE STARTLES
RESIDENTS OF LIMA
Subterranean Noises Heard in »th3
• LIMA. Peru. March $.— At 2:55 o'clock
this, morning a strong shock of earth
quake was felt here. .The shock was ac
companied by loud and prolonged subter
ranean noises. Walls of many houses
were cracked. . .
Warsfeip Oregon to Heturn.
WASHINGTON*. March 9.-Orders have
gone forward from the Navy Department
for. the. return of the battleship Oregon,
which has been for. so lonjr a time on the
Asiatic station, to the United States. She
will _ probably sail for home about the
flr3t of May, to be .replaced by the Wis
consin, when that vessel has finished her
oSlcial trial.
— ERLIN. March 9.— The Tage
blatt's special correspondent,
who . has been traveling in
Northern Manchuria, Mongolia
and on the borders of Siberia
and China for a year, whose reports hith
erto have been correct without exception,
has furnished his paper with a Ions let
ter which is published to-day, containing
details regarding the Russo-Chinese
agreement on the subject of Manchuria,
Mongolia and Turkestan. He says he is
absolutely certain that the published ver
sion of this agreement is in no way near
the actual truth. He then proceeds to
give the facts concerning the proposed
international administration of that part
of China, demonstrating that Manchuria
will become an integral part"of Russia
more so than even Bokhara.
Protectorate Is Established.
In regard to Mongolia he says there is
no doubt a protectorate has been estab
lished, as is evidenced by the hoisting of
Russian flags everywhere, the thorough
organization of the district, the estab
lishment of tax collecting offices and the
opening of branches of Russo-Chlnese
banks, with no one but Russian officials
in charge. All this virtually has taken
place during the past six months, and be
gan before the Boxer outbreak. The
clearest evidence, however, is contained
in an army order Issued by General
PARIS. March 9.— The young Duch
ess of Marlborough. who, after
ependlng a few days by herself la
Paris. Joined th« W. K. Vander
btlt party at Monte Carlo, created
en enormous sensation by Enubbing the
Prlnca cf Monaco with such severity that
even Consuelo's mott fervent admirers
feel compelled to blame, her mildly. Tfce
Prince, whose yacht was detained at
Marseilles by the great ftrike of dock
hasfls, telegraphed to Mont* Carlo, ask
ing tfce lady managers to postpone the
charity fair for two days because he
¦wished to attend the opening. Learning
that the young Duchees had arrived, he
also telegraphed her, requesting that she
accept a booth end attend 6upper the
parae night «*oard hi» ya«ht. the Princess
Alice.
The Duchess did not deign to answer
personally, but sent curt resrets through
her secretary. As soon as he reacted.
Monaco tfce little autocrat demanded ex
planations through the Marchioness of,
Anglesey, a friend of both parties.
Consuelo answered suavely, "Tell him
that Prince though he Is. there are come
people who object to associate with a
tambllag-hell keeper."
Prince Albert, who tinpercelved had
strolled toward the ladles to get his an
«wer, beard the remark and turned on nls
heel, exclaiming disdainfully, "What a
Lady Who Was Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt Refuses to
Accept the Hospitality of the Noted Autocrat of Monte
Carlo, Curtly Styling Him a Gambling-Hell Keeper
Protectorate Is Established in Mongolia, and by Acts of
Stealth It Is Claimed a Large Slice of China Will
Become an Integral Part of the Czar's Domain
Special Dispatch to The Call^
HAVANA, March 9.— The general opir
ion among delegates is that the constitu
tional convention 1 will not accept the Platt
resolution In regard to relations between
Cuba and -the United States. A member
of the committee of relations of the con
vention said to-day the copy of the Platt
resolutions, submitted by Governor Gen
eral Wood, would probably be returned to
that official with the^, statement that the
convention cannot accept the suggestions
made in the resolutions.
The revolutionary, press continues to lay
much stress on what It claims to be tha
reason why the American Congress acto'
as it did, that reason being the reports
which were sent to the United States dM
: t.tell the real -.state of; opinion:..* aai
wishes of the Cubans. These statements
are to a certain extent directed against
Governor General Wood, as ¦ his* enemies
have . told the ; delegates that ; Wood's re
ports falsified the state of affairs hero. It
Is considered in Havana that"; the ¦ insist
ence of the. press on this point may have
an ulterior object, such as supplying dele
gates and leaders with an excuse for
stirring up the people, ¦ whereas' If these
excuses : were : not made ¦ the agitation of
the people would amount to a direct chal
lenge to the American Government.
Delegates Are Threatened.
Perhaps another reason exists. News
has been received in Havana that In some
country,; districts the people: have •.threat
ened to give their delegates a good beat
ing if they accept the Platt scheme of re-
General Wood I? Accused of
Having Made False
The barn of ex-Supervisor
Morton, at the southeast cor
ner of Leavenwor h and
Geary streets, was destroyed
ry a fire that broke out in the
old structure at 3 o'clock this
morning, One man is known
to have perished and about 76
horses were burned to death.
The stable is located in a
district abounding with fam
ily ' hotels and lodging
houses, and as soon as the
firemen arrived on the scene
a second alarm was turned
in. The fire fighters suc
ceeded in confining the
flames to the stable.
The guests of the Hotel
Miramar, on a corner oppo
site the stable, became wild
y alarmed and men, women
and children in their night
clothes fled into the streets,
The scene was one of in
ense excitement for half ;an
hour, -and "not' 1 until -it fw$£
manifest that the fire was
under control d ; d the hotel
iuests, who had nought shel
ter in n?ar-by houses, return
to their domicile. '
Mr. Morton, when Inter
viewed, said that three men,
who had been sleeping in
he haylofr, had not been
-een after the fire was dis
covered. It may be possi
ble, he said, that these men
He savs that 76
horses were burned to death.
Of the people who occu
pied rcoms in the lodging
nouse over the stable none
.vere reported missing.
In searching the ruins fater
the tody of one of the men
vas fourd.
CUBA'S ACTION
IS EXPLAINED
Two Other Employes Are
Missing— Seyenty-Six
Horses Burnett.
Stableman Perislies
in Morton's Blaz-
II15 DChL 11»
LOSS OF LIFE
IN A SUNDAY
MORNING FIRE
YOUNG DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH
CREATES PRONOUNCED SENSATION
BY SNUBBING PRINCE OF MONACO
CORRESPONDENT FURNISHES PROOF
THAT RUSSIA IS NOW ACQUIRING
ABSOLUTE CONTROL OF MANCHURIA
I Pages 13 to 22
©?•?#?*« -"«•*?*?*?*?*?????*?#?»??«
•?»???•?#?»???«?*?»?« ?«««****+*«o
? I / 1 y I ,. A j f 111// ?
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 100.
DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH.
WHO CREATES SENSATION BY
SNUBBING A PRINCE.s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.BUTTE, Mont., March 9.— G'us Hemman
was instantly killed ' to-day by falling
down the shaft of the St. Lawrence mine,
a distance of sixty feet. He and three
other men were enpajred . in sinking the
shaft. Hemman started. up the ladder. ti
the .1600 level to have timbers sent down.
Immediately afterward his body .struck
the body, of the shaft. In the fall one of
his legs ' was broken and his skull was
fractured. Hemman was -£6 years of age
and leaves n wife and three children. . •
Working at the St. Lawrenoe
Property at Butte;
Young Miner Loses His Life While
FALLS TO HIS DEATH
IN A DEEP SHAFT
A Month's Test • Free.
If you haveRheumatlem.writeDr.'Shoop.Raclne,
Wle..boxl37,for six bottles of hlsRheumattcCufe,
•xpress paid. Send no money.- Pay {5.50 if cured*
WHY COUNT TOLSTOI
IS EXCOMMUNICATED
Charges Preferred Against the Gifted
Writer by. the Greek
Church.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 9.— The offi
cial organ of the holy synod to-day pub
lishes the forrr.aK excommunication of
Count Tolstoi, the. Russian novelist anil
social reformer, which was announced
early in the year, as follows:
In its solicitude for the children of the ortho- I
dox church to guard them from being led into
corruption and in order to save those who have
gone astray, the Holy Synod has deliberated
upon the anti-Christian and anti-ecclesiastical
teachinpR of Count Leo Tolstoi and has deemed
It expedient, in order to .preserve the r-eaceot
the church, to l!>su>» R circular dealing: with the.
heresies of Count" Leo -Tolstoi.' -The circular is
as follows:
"Count Leo Tolstoi, to th« irrief and horror
of the whole orthodox world, has. by speech
end writing;. . unceasingly striven to separate
himself from all communication with the ortho
dox church and this not only clandestinely but
openly end in the knowledge of all persons. All
attempts to dissuade him from this conduct
have proved without avail. Consequently the
orthodox church no longer considers him to be
one of its members and cannot regard him as
such ait Ions . as he does not repent and does
not become reconciled to the churrh. We there
fore ; place ¦' on record " his apostacy from the
church and. pray the Lord to restore htm to a
comprehension of the truth. We pray thee,
therefore, .merciful God, who does not desire
the death of a. sinner, to hear us. have mercy
on him and restore to thy holy church. Amen.".
ANTONIUS.
i Metropolitan of St.' Petersburg:. ¦. '•
¦ THEOGNOSE.
Metropolitan of Kteff.
..;-. VI*ADIMIR.
Metropolitan of Moscow.
. .' : H1ERONYMUS,
Archbishop of Kolm and Warsaw.
JAKOFF, .
Bishop of Kichlneff.
MARKAL. . . '
Bishop of Boris.
¦ Denmark Not Threatened.
COPENHAGEN,' March 9.— The officials
of the Foreign Office here deny that tho
negotiations with the United States for
the sale of the Danish West Indies have
been discontinued, and they confirm the
statements from ."Washington. that no per
emptory note has been ' sent to Denmark
by the United States.
BRIDGEPORT. Conn., March 9.— Unle»
George Francis Oilman left a will ><¦>« mil
lions will be divided between persona
whom he avoided, feared and hated. No
will has yet been discovered and those
who would have been most likely to ben
efit by one never heard him mention tha
subject. He showed hla twr of death as
few men are willing to display It and ho
would tolerate no talk, on th« subject. H«
was anxious to prolong his life at any
hazard.
High and low have searches been made
for any document that could b* filed ln
the Surrogate's office. Every nook or
cranny where he would have been likely
to place a will to conceal It has been ex
amined. It Is a question of millions. o£
how many nobody knows at the present
time, for the old man waa reticent on that
point. Ills business interests were enor
mous and he had told friends that his
annual Income was more than 11,000.000 for
many years. Persons who ar© conserva
tive sny he was worth not leas than
$20,000,000. while others assert that hi*
property may amount to TT5.000.000.
Persons He Hat «d May Hava
a Connecticut Man's
Great Fortune.
VAST RICHES
AND NO WILL
NILES. Mich., March 9.-Great excite
ment prevails here to-night over the dis
appearance of C. A. Johnson, cashier of
the First National Bank, which closed its
doors yesterday after a short run on its
funds by scared depositors.
President I^acey insists that Johnson la
ln Chicago suffering from complete mental
collapse. ;AH sorts of rumors are going
around regarding the missing cashier, but
none can be verified. The directors of
the bank assart that the concern's affairs
are In a prosperous condition so far a3
they know. National Bank Examiner Sel
den is in chavge. of the bank's affairs.
He said when asked if he was responsible
for a Washington dispatch saying that
Johnson had absconded:
'•I slmpjy telegraphed Washington that
the rank is closed and the cashier gone."
The city and county have deposits in th©
bank amounting to $30,000. None of the
business msn of the city withdrew their
deposits during the run. and if th-* bank
does not resume soon it is said several
local business men will be forced to the
wall. Ox.-
Queer Disappearance of an
Official of a Michigan
Institution.
BANK CLOSED
CASHIER GONE
DEPUTIES LOSE
HIGH HONORS
Two Well-Known Members
of the French Chamber
Disqualified.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
alfl. Copyright. 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing '.ompany.
PARIS. March 9.— The great event of the
week has been the vote by which the
Chamber of Deputies proclaimed .the dis
qualification of two of its members, M.'
Paul Deroulede and M. Marcel-Habert,
who were condemned by. the high court.
It will be remembered that M. Derou
lede, affirming his absolute loyalty to the
republic, stated that on the night before
the funeral of Felix Faure a Royalist
emissary came to him and asked him
what he would do if D'Orleans appeared
at Paris the following day.
"I would arrest him with my own
hands," said M. Deroulede.
Upon this h« added that the Royalists
warned the Government, which changed
tho programme of the march past of the
troops in name of the Royalist party,
which was accused of connivance with the
police. M. Buffet protested. M. Derou
lede. with fury which revealed the weak
ness of his cause, replied that he was a
liar, and now these two are to fight a
duel. One is n Spain, and the other is in
Belgium. It Is said that they will meet
in Switzerland next week. It will be a
sensational duel.
MANILA, March 9.-Captaln Gulick of
the Forty-seventh United States Volun
teers has received the surrender of forty
Insurgent officers and 200 men.
The gunboat Albany, acting in co-opera
tion with Lieutenant Van Voorhles of the
Twentieth Infantry, surprised an insur
gent camp near Barnan, in the province
of South Ilocos, island of Luzon, killing
five of the enemy and capturing their sup
plies.
Colonel Murray of the Forty-third
United States Volunteer Infantry has re
ceived the surrender of forty-four Insur
gent officers and men at the port of Tac
loban, I^eyte Island. The western part of
Batangas province, Luzon, formerly an
Insurgent stronghold, is becoming paci
fied. The leaders of the insurrection there
are taking the oath- of allegiance, and
many rifles are being surrendered.
Frank A. Brannagan, disbursing officer
to the American Philippine Commission,
has been appointed treasurer of the Phil
ippine archipelago, at a yearly salary of
$6000. Brannagan furnished bonds ln J200,
000.
The commission has passed a bill pro
viding an additional $1,000,000 (Mexican
currency) for the improvement of Manila
harbor, and an act empowering General
MacArthur to organize municipal govern
ments in those towns where none now
exist. *-
•WASHINGTON. March 9.— Private Ja
cob Henderson. Company F, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, was convicted ln the Philippines
of manslaughter for killing Corporal Her
bert Chase of the same regiment, and sen
tenced to imprisonment for fifteen years
at hard labor in Bilibld prison. Manila.
General Mac. Arthur has notified the War
Department that the transport Garonne
Bailed from Manila to-day for San Fran
cisco with 41 officers and 649 enlisted men
of the Twenty-sixth Volunteer Infantry,
and that three officers and eighty-two
enlisted men of Company F of tho same
regiment will follow on the transport
Grant.
Contraband Goods for Rebels Found
LUZON STEAMERS SEIZED.
on Board Two Small Vessels.
MANILA. March 9.— It is reported that
the email steamers Oriente and Caraman,
plying on the Paslg River and Laguna de
Bay,, have been seized, it being alleged
that they were trading with the Insur
gents. Contraband articles were found
aboard the steamers. The Oriente hai
been seized previously but had been re •
leased, the evidence amlnst her not be
ing sufficient to justify her being heli.
This time, however, the. evidence is
stronger.
Insurgent Officers and Men
Surnnder in the
Philippines.
REBELS WEARY
OF THEIR WAR
DUTCH IN BATTLE
WITH REBEL FORCES
Two Hen Killed and Seven Wounded
in a Conflict at the Pedir
River.
AMSTERDAM. March 9.— A dispatch
from Hatavia. capital of the Dutch Indies,
announces that the troops have defeated
the > Chinese at Parjarenbee. on the weit
ban',-: of th# Pedlr River. Seventy-seven
r»>b<-i!» were killed and many were
drowned. The Dutch had two men killed
and seven wounded.
EXCITEMENT GROWING
THROUGHOUT MACEDONIA
Extraordinary Congress Called* to
Consider Complications That May
Disturb Peace of the Country.
SOFIA. March 9.— The Macedonian com
mittee has summoned an extraordinary
Congress for March 31 to consider the
complications In Macedonia. Great ex
citement prevails In Macedonian circles,
and the expectation is that there will De
developments ln Macedonia.
• ?
Former Monk in Custody.
LONDON. March 9.— The former monk,
Victor Ruthven, who on March 4 drew a
revolver to protect himself against a
mob that attacked him on the Isle of
Wight while he •was delivering an anti-
Catholic lecture, has been charged wiih
shooting with Intent to kill. Ruthven
pleaded that he acted in self-defenae. He
was remanded in custody for one week.
QTJTXITS SON-IN-LAW
IS HEE BIOGBAPHEE
DuJ&e of Argyll Writing of Victoria's
Life in Kensington Palace,
Where She Lived.
LONDON, March of
Queen Victoria promise to become nurner
[»us, but few probab'.y will equal in popu
larity thai from the i»en of her son-in
law, the Duke of Argyll, who writes un
der The more familiar title of M.itquIs of
Lome. The work was begun within twj
days cf the Queen's death, th* Duke s«-
Ircting as the ?cene of his literary labor*
Kensington Palace, where he has buried
himself with a stenographer for steady
and hard work. He is rrovidrvi w:*n
v. luminous personal records and paper*
and is aided in describing scenes of h<?r
Majesty's early childhood by the fact thit
the room where he Is sitting Khe occupied:
the garden outdoors wai» where she playr-.i
and the toys she handled in her childi«-h
prunes are within reach. Everything con
duces to render '.he ta.^k one of affection
ate interest.
This biography, which will take the
*»c!ge oJT the public appetite and demand
for Victorian biogTaniiits, may establish
a rr-enrd in other ways, as the great work
is bcins produced in a remarkably short
time and precises to rank with ''Rasse
las" a.nd "La Ijarae jiux Camellas."
Monarch Will Pay Bills.
LONDON, March 9.— A special from
Bucharest. Roumanla. gays: The King,
it is understood, has intimated his inten
tion to defray the budget deficiency of
£4Q0,OW out of his nrivaTe purse. He ha*
already defrayed personally the^ cost of
new batteries, comprising 100 runs.
Friendly With the Czar.
BERLIN. March 9.— The new German
ITmbapsador at St. Petersburg. Count Von
Alvensleben. ln a report recently made,
etates that at his reception the Czar said:
"Between myFf:lf and the Kaiser there is
never any misunderstanding."
PROMINENT MERCHANT
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Former Director T. O. Matthiesen of
the American Sugar Refining
Company Dies in Paris.
PARIS. March 9.-F. O. Matthiesen.
former treasurer of the American Sugar
Refining Company and a director of that
concern, as well as of several other im
portant companies, died at his residence
here. 6 Places des Etatus 1'nls. The cause
cf death ¦was dlabetis. His remains will
be taken home for interment.
NEW TORK, March 9.— Mr. Matthiesen
retired from active business some time
ago and had since spent his leisure In
travel for his health. He came to this
country from Germany when a young
man, and more than thirty-five years ago
organized the F. O. Matthiesen & Welch
er's Sugar Refining Company of Jersey
City. When the American Sugar Refin
ing Company was formed, in 1SS7. Mr.
Matthiesen's company was merged in It
and he became a director and was made
chairman of the manufacturing commit
tee of the board. The disagreement with
H. O. Havemeyer, which was the cause
of the retirement of John E. Se,nrles as an
officer and director of the sugar company,
was followed by another, Mr. MatthJesen
and President Havemeyer differing about
the management of the Matthiesen re
finery. Mr. Matthiesen, however, consid
ered himself entitled to n rest from busi
ness cares, and so retired, at the same
time closing out much of his interest in
sugar shares.
France Gains More Time
WASHINGTON, March 9.-The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate a message
transmitting a supplemental treaty with
France, again extending the time for tho
ratification of the reciprocity treaty with
that country. The extension this time U
for eighteen months, making the conven
tion expire September 2t. IM2. unless It
shall be ratified ln the meantime.
Give Thanks for Emperor's Escape.
BERLIN, March 9.— In all the Catholic
and Protestant churches in Germany
thanksgiving services will be held to-mor
row for Emperor William's escape from
serious injury in the recent attack upon
him. m
BERLIN. March 9. — The traffic commit
tee of the corporation has determined
that the city shall construct an under
ground railway.
LONDON, March 10.— Advices from two
great South African commercial houses
confirm the reports that Lord Kitchener
and General Botha have been in negotia
tion for six days. Peace, or at least a
long stop toward the end of the war, id
looked for next week.
The War Ofllce last night declined to
contribute anything to these great ex
pectations, which include, according to
mme, the making of a formal submission
by Botha on Monday, when his forces
will surrender to French.
Among the versions as to what Is going
cn there is one with some official counte
nance that the Government is offering
Botha far more liberal terms than the
Parliamentary declarations have given
any idea of.
The only thing limiting these cheerful
speculations Is the fact that Delarey, De
wet and Steyn, regardless of what hap
pens on Guy Hill, will wage guerrilla
A ipecial dispatch from Cape Town,
dated March S, says the Boers lost forty
killed in an engagement with an armored
train near Rooenogte. They mistook the
train for one loari*><! with horses and al
lowed it to come within range, whereupon
(Ire was opened from the train and the
Boers fled, some of them abandcnlng
their rilles.
DeIarey,DewetandSteyn
Will Wage Guerrilla
Warfare,
Boer Chief Expected to
Surrender to
French,
LIBERAL TERMS
ARE OFFERED TO
GENERAL BOTHA
I/DNDON, March 8.— The reply of the
British Government to the note conveying
the amendments of the United State*
Senate to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
Ehocld be formally delivered by the Brit
ish ErnbMsaxlor at Washington to Secre
tary Hay within a few days. The Foreign
OSice here did not originally contemplat-s
delaying tha British answer until now.
The plan appears to have been to transmit
the answer previous to the date on which
the treaty lapsed, which, according to the
22ritlsh view of th© case, would have put
the onuh of Its lapsing on the Senate. As
previously eet forth In these dispatches,
the main object of the British Govern
ment throughout is to make an entirely
;.ew arrangement. At no stace of the
proceedings has there been any inclina
tion to accept the Senate amendments.
It is understood here that the nature of
the British Government's reply has al
ready been Informally communicated to
Secretary Hay. Great Britain has no in
tention of modifying the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty without a satisfactory quid pro
quo. That treaty, according to the
foreign Office view of the case, remains
as much in force now as the day it was
Flgned. The speeches made in the Senate
did not disturb Downing street. They are
dismissed with the remark that "treaties
cannot be abrogated ¦without the consent
of both the contracting parties."
There is, however, an apparently gen
uine belief here that a satisfactory ar
rangement will eventually be arrived at.
There is a freely expressed disinclination
on the part of the British officials to com
mit themselves to any further treaties un
til they are thoroughly assured of the
vipwe tho Senate holds on the matter in
question.
Reply to Amendments of
Hay-Pauncefote
Measure.
Holds Clayton - Bulwer
Treaty Remains
in Force,
GREAT BRITAIN
DESIRES NEW
ARRANGEMENT
BERLIN, March 9.-Durlng Thursdays
debate in the Reichstag Herr Uebcl. So
cialist leader, made a strong attack upon
the Imperial Government concerning the
meat inspection law, citing the fact tha:
the German troops in China were fitted
out with the same American canned meats
which the law now pretends are unwhole
some; therefore the whole law is a mere*
pretext, slnc« the Navy Department sure
ly would not issue the navy food consld
ered to be death-deallns. Herr Bebel said
the whole law was for the benefit of
Agrarians. The Government officials
present made a very weak defense in re
ply.
A number of German papers say that
President McKinley in his Inaugural ad
dress failed to map out the administra
tion's programme. The Boersen Zeltun.?
Monday last printed an abusive article, in
which President McKinley was referred
to in uncomplimentary terms and in whicr.
the hope was expressed that In 1904 Bryan
will have better political issues. Gener
ally spe&kln?. Kreat interest is felt in the
recent inauguration.
The Kreuz Zeitung, commenting upon
the address, says that it Is evident that
the United States has turned away from
nigh protection in order to enable her
to conclude her commercial treaties. The
Kreuz Zeitung calls this a shrewd move
on the part of the United States tc keep
the markets of the world open for her
surplus production, but thinks the move
is taken too late.
The Dowager Empress Frederick con
tinues In fairly good nealth. driving ou'
in the park daily. The young- Grand Duk.^
of Oldenburg has been entirely cured of
his recent attack of enlargement of th"
heart.
Upon Instructions received from Secre
tary Hay » United State* Embassador
"White thls"*morninff expressed President
McKinley'e sympathy with the Emperor
over the Bremen Incident, together with
the President's congratulations that tho
Emperor had ef^caped more serious Injury.
McKinley Said to Have
Turned From High
Protection,
Programme of Adminis
tration Not Outlined
Well Enough,
UNCLE SAM'S
PLANS PUZZLE
THE GERMANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
14
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
Address Dr. Hartman, President of
The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
Ohio. I ; •..- . ¦ . . - - . . .-¦ .
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case and he -will
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
gratis.
of la grippe, of which the following
is a specimen :
Grip Caused Chronlo Catarrh j Perana
Cured.
General W. H. Powell. Department
Commander. Hecker Post N"o. 443, Belle-
ville. 111., writes:
"Following a seVera attack of la. grippe
In 1S90 I have suffered greatly and con-
tinuously from a constantly Increasing
stubborn case of catarrh of the head and
stomach. All prescribed remedies fail-
ing to yield permanent relief. I was In-
duced to try Peruna. and began Its use
in August. 1S33. In using one bottle 1
became convinced of Its curative quail-
tics and continued its use to date. AH
symptoms of catarrh have disappeared,
yet I continue its moderate use as a pre-
ventive and an old man's tonic" — W. H.
Powell.
ful medicine It must be." When I com-
menced taking Peruna I only weighed
125 pounds, but now I weigh 175 and am
well and strong as any woman of my
age. These are facts, as any one here
could tell you." — Mrs. E. Boigeol. • .
Ihe Whols Family Cured of La Grippe
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Pfeifer of Tona-
wanda, N. Y., write to Dr. Hartman as
follows:
"We can Inform you that our health Is
permanent. We followed your directions
strictly and we feel very well. Both of
us ha*e gained in weight. We are quite
free from ailments and I am now attend-
ing to my work again and we are givins
God the highest praise on account of your
wonderful medicine, Pemna. We used it
for our three children, who were sick with
the grip, and thev are all well again."—
Mr. and Mrs. E. }. Pfeifer.
People who have had la grippe, but
are still suffering from the after-
effects, should not neglect to take
Peruna, as it will promptly restore
them to health. Hundreds report
themselves cured of tha after-effects
"I meet people every day who ask m«
what I took that cured me. When I tel
them Peruna. they say 'What a wonder-
improve. I had continuous pains in the
head and abdomen; had severe bladder
trouble and a continuous, dry cough. I
was so weak that I could not walk; had
pains in the limbs.
"Finally, the doctor said he could not
do anything for me; that he gave me up.
I had one of your books, and bought
myself a bottlo of Peruna and Manalln.
I bought another bottle of Peruna and
then I was well." — Mrs. Helena Hamel.
Thought She Had Consumption. . ¦
Mrs. Etta Bolgcol of Fulton, N. Y.,
writes The Peruna Medicine Co. as fol-
lows:
Gentlemen — "One year ago last March ]
I had la crippe. and when I recovered ;
from that I had a cough, or, I might pay,
the grip left me with a cough. I doc-
tored all the time and they told me I had
Bronchitis. My cough increased: I had
night sweats; hair fell out and I had two
¦hemorrhages. I thought I had consump-
tion; my head ached all the time and I
could hardly walk when I commenced to
take Peruna. I had taken two bottles
before I could see any change for th» bet*
ter. but my cough is stopped now and
1 feel like a new woman.
Mrs. Henriette A. S. March, president
Woman's Benevolent Association of Chi-
cago, writes from 237 Jackson Park Ter-
race, Woodland, Chicago. 111., the follow-
ing letter to The Peruna Medicine Co. of
Columbus.' Ohio. ¦ ¦¦• ¦ —
"/ suffered with fagrppo f° r seven
weeks, and . nothing / could do or
take helped me until I tried P-runa.
I felt at once that I had at last se-
cured the right medicine and kept
steadily improving.
"Within three weeks I was fully
restored, and am gled I gave that
truly great remedy a trial. I will
never be without it again." — Mrs.
Henriette A. S. Marsh.
Nearly everybody is having la grippe
again. It resembles somewhat in the
beginning a severe cold. A chill or cold
sr-cll is followed by aching bones, sore
throat, headache. . cough and general
weakness. Its course may be quite slight
or severe, but in either case it nearly al-
ways leaves one in a miserable condition.
Unless Peruna is taken it will be weeks
or months before a person regains hla
usual health.
Aftcr-E?f;cts of Ln Grippe.
If the victim is fortunate enough to be-
gin the use of Teruna at the beginning of
the attack the course of la prrlppe Is very
much shortened and the system is left in
a natural state. Although Mrs. Marsh
had suffered for seven weeks, Peruna
helped her immediately.
Threatened With Consumpt'on as th:
Mrs. Elizabeth Eddy. 2S30 Wallace
street. Chicago. 111., writes:
"I . had the grip about six weeks
ago. Having pot over that I caught a
heavy cold and coughed for three weeks.
I took medicine?, but they did me no good,
when finally I thought I would try Pe-
runa. I did not have much faith ln It,
but after taking a few doses the cough
moderated and now I am cured after one
bottle. It Is a grand medicine for a bad
cough. The folks were afraid I would po
into consumption and I am afraid I would
If It had not been for Peruna. I recom-
mend it to all my friends." — Mrs. Eliza-
beth Eddy.
Doctor Gave Her Up ; Peruna Cured Hep.
Mrs. Helena Hamel, Sll Woodward
street. Baltimore. Md., writes:
"I can inform you -with pleasure that I
am better than I have been for ten years.
I waa j very sick last winter from la
prippe and my family physlclaji treated
me for nearly two months, but I did not
And Is Restored by Peruna.
A CHICAGO PHILANTHROPIST
HAS A SEVERE ATTACK
• OF LA GRIPPE
Serving Others She Forgot
A LADY OF WEVOLENCE ESCAPES THE GRIP
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W Jy rS# ff Gn " elle A • SvHjSESh >|
|| .1 1 Vr\l El/ill JG COHPWNODCTRA^^^^ fcv
~£ TEs: a -. necessity "i because -loss of appetite, that I l\l y^^^^^^^y
*jr tired feeling, bilioas heftdaches, and other \ / V /$db?&*zis&vy *^^
y eympfeoms, indicate impure or debilitated V7 j^sSS&SS^? 5^
%* .condition of the Hood. " • M^Sm^&$ 1 ' n^
¦yjt In the colder -weather impurities ha-co been ' ! /^iSSw^febj^ //^ A c^
%S accumulating which now seriously threaten JyjB&SS&Jy* A A S
*£t Humors develop, scrofula taints ;are A/ \/ \
£kf aroused, eczema breaks out, boils and pim- \l \l \
Z£ pies appear. . \ 4^Qj&* "'"'' wurrj v«
X Or, if there are no outward manifes- [l Jj^\^^^^^£^^. '¦ SL*
tetions, the inward man Inevitably suffers. t i/^T^^^^B fl^Tfti^f"* '¦ £&
f p£ The Btomach, ¦vrearied -with it3 winter's ' : J^J
*Sf work, falters, the appetite fails and the - > """ «g Qa
p£ severer dyspeptic symptoms are in evidence. £ JP^^^^^^t^^JoT'j/ 0 ' ' '""* sJ
$ ' :Bffiona headaches, bad taste in the month, ; ' .'^gg i^^ \ T
2* morning weariness, pain in the back and * Atassu&XVZl' TOHio .AXm
y other indications of inactive or sluggish * BXiOOD-FUKlFYlNQ «""»'"^ Jfa
5g? kidneys and liver, also result. :: ' ¦ vbqstabls, . \ pV?V ;
For all these diseases and symptoms, and ; ;
'X> for erery other complaint arising from,' or ¦ V ¦'¦' \ * ' /^i
X; promoted by, impure blood, or from a low «»«»«•"•<•-••< «*.«*.»«*» ir •«••»«- . V3
•*X state of the system, Hood's SarsapariBa is «• mo ?»•••«. •»«*/»'¦<*«•••"•»¦»* tJO
*5t tho best medicme money can buy. It is the \^^,^V^^-^f^ mm ' tm '- m /w .' ?K/
ideal Spring Medicme. It absolutely, per- ¦ - •--¦--¦ ' _ ¦ ; N^
f octly and permanently cures all blood dis- • ¦ • ~~ . . ' """ *
JT cases. It purifies and enriches the vital .Jh^jwwtf 4 «mr > »^ *
y fluid, so that it carries* health to every ffjj"^ JTfifJT) &' flfi $ •
'$j part of the body. ' -•=*• vV- - &
»X. It has become the people's favorite Spring *Ajpoih&ca.rtes t \ -'¦'[
*X Medicine simply because it does all we *^ -,^.,-. -t-t-o-u - ; •
©claim for it, ' < .lweU,JIcLSS. f Zm^',
/?i Thousands of testimonials prove this. t ! ' J^Sl
ff\ Buy a bottlo and have the whole family i rCSjn . : -y-. :. _ _ „ rvx /A ''» a
0J[ begin to take it today. --¦. }. tt|S.™68 t UHO Dollar.i^pl m^T
THE TREATMENT
THAT CURES.
1 ¦% To men who have nervous debtl-
.i_ na -jBi>-!r5^g> ltv and are weak, incompetent.
.^^SS&ggg^l^ puny an<l embarrassed on account
r fS^ of partial or complete loss of vital
n»£d&«*O&^il^^V -'£xk£^> power. l»r. Meyers & Co. extend a
h-lririJT hand. Thrs" successful sp«.
dali.-ts are noted for making
,i»V.Sf25^ST' *' "^SrVi strong, robust an i rrrfprt men out
isSxffiMv- vZrt, nf Physical wreck?, am! for check-
SSsKiSgiy \£b' 5n " t? ? p early symptoms «f Nervous
|$2*|*jg£/ ,-' DR. VlF.TF.r.."* <R- CO. have b*en
jjByfeJSJ*»7 ¦* established 20 years. They treat
$Sjjtfi^Es»*fe' _ . -**¦—; diseases and weaknesses of
ckl? • _y rr All members of the staff are grad-
*\ ~tjjj\ " \ uates from the beat medical col-
jt^ *?vb) V i V leges in the world and had exten-
1 ' J^££?X2& ** ve experience in hospitals b«for«
'''tSi^PfVi taking up the irni«irtant work of
|w'#"Kil> x yf^r/'WwaE-^Vi *& the "PTialUts. Their remedies and
iTjl^i jVV?5'o.5AkM tt 'i*^'-!*' -\Kf methods arc the beat: they cure
i. j£;4v*-i s W^^^-*(*t» ! ?J5r3»S an<1 rrstorf? when others fail.
j\^ J >^^!i'^>» a^w^-.'^'^f*'/ !f y <)TI have an embarrassing
J Nj*f A/fc^'£a£i^..AJiv ""' '^'j5) weakness <>r a contracted aliment.
. A sfiLCi vX nsz plao yourself in the hands of DR.
yU\. J* l xJ5^fvV^>^ ; MEYERS ft CO. for speedy and
/^^N<X-^-^^^^^N. PR IV A TE BOOK FOR MEN FREE.
. ' '" ' ;^"^, -¦•¦rv** N0 PAr TILL CURED.
FREE CONSULTATION. J
'I' ' V .
M ¦•¦¦¦¦¦MEYERS & CO
731 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
TAKff ' li Hours— 8 to 12 to 5 daily.
ELEVATORS. || Evenings 7 to 0. Sundays 0 to 11.Folsom Prison , Inmate Spends Nine
Hours in a Straitjacket and Later
Passes Away in His Narrow Cell
CONVICT DIES AFTER
SEVERE PUNISHMENT
CONVICT JAMES DEAR,
WHOSE DEATH FOLLOWED
PUNISHMENT AT FOLSOM.
SAX JOSE, March 9.— Oeorge Welch,
who is wanted at Mendocino for embezzle
ment, was arrested here to-day. The com
plainant Is Arthur Platt of that place.
Welch has been employed on a ranch near
here.
EUREKA, March 9.— The Redwood Land
and Investment Company to-day con
veyed to Hon. S. M. Stephenson of Meno
mlnee, Mich., and Hon. Is^ac Stephenson
and Henry Swart of Marinette. Wls., the
5470-acre tract of timber on Van Duzen
River known as the Grizzly Gulch tract,
which the company had recently pur
chased. The purchasers are well-known
lumbermen of Michigan and Wisconsin.
— , ?
Wanted in Kendocino.
Transfer of Timber Land.
been bulldozed Into voting for It by a
Senator— meaning Shortridge.
Kincald spoke against the bill, but re
frained from voting against it. A num
ber of Assemblymen who have supported
the bill were not present to vote, or the
number of ayes would have been still
greater. Ralston. Fisk and others, who
opposed the bill In its original form but
who agreed to support it after it was
amended, voted for it.
The friends of the bill are now sanguine
of its speedy passage by the Senate and
approval by the Governor.
San Luis Obispo Polytechnic.
SACRAMENTO. March 9.— Senate bill
102. appropriating $50,000 for a poly
technic school, at San Luis Oblspo,
became a law to-day without the signa
ture of the Governor. The bill was intro
duced in the Senate by Smith of Kern
and In the Assembly by John. It was
passed with comparatively small opposi
tion in either house. Its friends were
somewhat apprehensive of the gubernato
rial veto, and are feeling correspondingly
elated now that the bill has been allowed
to go Into force. The act takes effect
January 1, 1902. The board of trustees is
to be appointed within thirty days after
that date. *
structlons to the officials to punish Dear
by the straitjacket process. He did not
see Dear before he was given this pun
ishment. The Warden testified that the
prison physician was always on hand to
examine convicts before they were placed
in a straitjacket for punishment. Wilkin
son believed nine hours slight punishment
for a man like Dear. •
Dr. Nour.se, the prison physician, testi
fied that he examined Dear before he was
placed in the jacket and found him In
sound condition both physically and men
tally. /
Convict Hanna testified that the day be
fore Dear died Dear had told him that he
was going to die that night. Hanna as
serted that Dear was virtually "done up"
from the effects of . the straitjacket pun
ishment.
The Jury was out but fifteen minute3
when it returned with the verdict here
tofore recorded.
FOLSOM. March 9.— Cold in death.
Convict James Dear was found
yesterday morning upon the floor
of a comfortless cell in Folsom
prison. In one corner, close
to the cold wall, lay a pallet upon which
Dear had been placed the day before, suf
fering from the effects of prison disci
pline. The convict had been laced ,in a
straitjacket for nine hours, and It is al
leged that when he was released he was
almost dead. His agonizing groans had
resounded through the corridors.
To-day a Coroner's Jury, after Investi
gating the cause of Convict Dear's death,
returned a verdict to the effect that Dear
had come to his death by accident while
in . a helpless condition from punishment
received for infraction of prison rules.
Dear was a man of powerful build. He
was born in Illinois and was 30 years of
age. Since his arrival at the Folsom
prison he had given the officials much
trouble. He was stubborn, absolutely re
fused to obev the prison rules and would
not work. When in the prison only two
weeks he was punished for an infraction
of prison rules, but this did not subdue
him in the least, and when released he
started in to make more trouble.
On Tuesday Dear was put into the
Ftraitjacket and was kept there for nine
hours. Then he was taken out, given a
bath and removed to his cell, where he
remained until found dead yesterday
morning. ¦¦"¦
Coroner McMullen of Sacramento ar
rived In Folsom this morning, impaneled
a jury and departed to the State prison,
where an inquest was^ield over the body
of the convict. -
Warden Wilkinson testified that Guard
Leuttrel had come to him and complained
of Convict Dear shirking in his work. This
was on Monday. The Warden gave ln-
"Convict James Dear came to
his death by accident while
in a helpless condition from,
punishment received for,in
fraction of prison rules." —
Verdict rendered by a Coronr
er's jury after an inquest at
Polsom prison.
LEASE BILL GOES
TO THIRD READING
It Will Bi Considered on
Final Passage Early
This Week.
Senate Finance Committee Completes
Amendments to the General
Appropriation Meas-,
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 9.— The China Basin lease
bill was brought up on the second read
ing file this afternr.on in the Assembly
and a slight amendment made to correct
a clerical error. The bill was then or
dered to engrossment and third reading.
Consideration of It on final passage should
be reached early next week.
An attempt was made to bring up the
motion to reconsider Assembly coristttu
tional amendment 2S in the Senate to
day and to beat It. but the result of a
parliamentary skirmish was a postpone
ment until Tuesday. The amendment is
that providing for a State commission to
have charge of all public utilities. It was
passed on FYiday and Smith of Kern gaVe
notice of a motion to reconsider. He
made the motion lo-day and Leavitt
moved to table it. Taylor moved to post
pone until next Saturday in the hope that
it would be lost In the shuffle and so kill
the measure, but it mas finally postponed
until Tuesday afternoon.
The Assembly bill regulating the prac
tice of osteopathy became a law- to-day
without the Governor's signature. The
bill establishes a State Board of Osteopa
thic Examiners and provides for licensing
osteopaths to practice and for the punish
ment of persons practicing without such
license.
General Appropriation Bill.
The Finance Committee of the Senate
completed the amendments to the general
appropriation bill this afternoon and will
report that important measure on Mon
day morning. The committee amendments
increase the amount of the. seneral appro
priation $46,550 over the figures approved
by the Assembly, the principal Hem of In
crease being $20,850 for the various dis
trict agricultural associations, each dis
trict > being given a ralst of 25 per cent.
The appropriation frt the preservation
of game is increased from $5000 to $75'iO,
while that for the preservation of fish
Is reduced from $17,500 to $15,000.
The appropriation for th*> State Mining
Bureau is reduced from $60,000 to S57.000.
with the proviso that 129.000 of this amount
be expended In the practical and scientific
examination of the mineral districts of
the State. The Assembly item provided
for the expenditure of but $20,000 for this
purpose. The Senate amendment provides
for $3(.».»0 for the bureau's printing.
The Normal School at San Diego gets
an increase of $0000. and the amount al
lr.ti-fd for the travelins expenses of the
Joint normal board is increased from $1000
to $2000.
Coin for the Lawyers.
A new item of $5000 is Inserted to de
fend the coyote scalp claims against the
State.
Another new Item Is that of 51SO0 for
armory rent for the unattached and in
dependent companies or the National
Guard which will be organized under the
provisions of Senator Lukens' bill ap
proved by Governor Gage yesterday.
The appropriation for the salaries of ad
ditional clerks to the Board of Examiners
is Increased from $3200 to $11,200. and the
Attorney General's office Is allowed $500
fqr the purchase of law books. • ¦
The Chico Normal School is allowed
$3W0 more than the Assembly granted,
and the Harbor Commissioners of San
Diego are to have $750 Instead of $50 for
their printing.
An additional $4000 Is Inserted for the
salary of an additional Superior Judge of
Alameda County.
The salary list of the secretaries of the
Supreme Court Is Increased $2400. and
$2400 Is taken from the Secretary of
State's clerks.
Sempervirena Club's Victory.
The Sempervlrens Club bill, appropriat
ing 1250.000 for the creation of a State
park by the purchase of the Biff Basin
redwood grove, in Santa Cruz County,
achieved a distinct triumph in the Assem
bly this morning. It was passed by a vote
of 55 ayes to a single no. Speaker Pen
dleton cast the one negative vote.
Walker, Carter. Brown of San Mateo
and Radcllff spoke in favor of the bill.
Johnson was in pe«\ish mood and tried
to arouse a feeling acalnst It. although he
Bald he would vote for It, because he had
Offices Go Begging.
• ¦WOODLAND, March i 9.— A . municipal
election is to be held here In thirty days.
City Trustees, who serve without pay",
have -been subjected to so much abuse
that it is a difficult matter to induce men
who are fit for the office to accept nomina
tions. Last Wednesday evening the Dem
ocrats made their nominations. The Re
publicans followed suit on. Thursday even
ing. ~ On » Friday one , Democrat and two
Republicans .peremptorily declined. - The
Democrats succeeded in filling: their ticket
and : filed it to-day." ; The Republicans did
not succeed In filling, theirs and they prob
ably will be compelled to make their nom
inations by petition. ,-*•-¦¦
SELECTING SITE FOR
ODD FELLOWS' HOME
Grand "Lodge Committee Looks Over
Locations Offered by Santa
Clara County.
SAIC JOSE, March 9.— A committee from
the Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows is here
inspecting sites that have been offered
for the Odd Fellows' Home, which Is to
be moved from Thermallto. The Odd Fel
lows of San Jose and Santa Clara County
are making strenuous efforts to have the
home located here. A large sum of money
has been raised to purchase land and the
citizens and lodgemen are rapidly sub
scribing to the fund.
The committee consists of Sheldon Kel
logg, chairman of the committee: E. "W.
Stockwell of Los Angeles, A. M. Drew of
Fresno and Q. W. Thompson and J. H.
Mitchell of San Francisco. They passed
through here on their way to Los Gatos
this morning to Inspect the Kenedy tract
at that place and were joined by the- local
committee from the Improvement Club
and Odd Fellows.
This afternoon the party returned to
this city and Inspected the "White farm
near Alum Rock Park. It consists of
thirty acres, and Is an Ideal place for a
heme, and the committee seemed pleased
with It. Various sites have been inspected
about the State and the committee will re
port at a meeting of the Grand Lodge in
May.
A banquet was tendered the visitors this
evening at the Hotel Vendome.
Petaluma Candidates Bejoice.
PETAL.UMA. March 9.— County Clerk
Fulton has decided tnat Petaluma may
have the use of the registration affidavits
used at the general election for the mu
nicipal election in April. The many can
didates, who feared that no election could
be held, are now breathing easier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 9.— United
States immigration officials have begun a
strict watch of the boundary line. In ten
days 125 Japanese have been captured anl
their naturalization and other papers con
fiscated.
Indigent Japanese, sick, without a cent
of money and altogether the worst class
of immigrants that could possibly go
through the States, have been crossing the
boundary line during the winter months al
most without hindrance. Their plan was to
pick up a living on Puget Sound until the
fishing season commenced and then return
to Canada and work under the entitlement
of their naturalization papers. Recently
the Canadian Government established a
customs officer at tho boundary line with
an inspector to work in conjunction with
the immigration officials. They have cap
tred on an average ten Japanese and Chi
nese a day trying to smuggle themselves
and their baggage across the line without
permits. This double offense against the
customs lawsSand the immigration laws
is considered sufficient by the authorities
to declare that all naturalization papers
held by such persons shall be confiscated
Most of these papers were Issued by
fraud.
The Japanese Consul has taken the mat
ter up and is telegraphing to Sir Wllfrlc"
Laurler at Ottawa to Interfere.
A new sensation developed- here to-day
in connection with the naturalization
rights of the 4000 Japanese who hold pa
pers in British Columbia." The full Court
of Appeal, composed of three Supreme
Court Justices, decided that every Japan
ese who has naturalization papers has a
right to vote and that nothing but the
British House of Commons can deprive
them of the right to exercise all the privi
leges of British citizeqs.
Officials Seize Many Japan
ese on ths Canadian
, Boundary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., March 9.— The statements
of Dr. . Patterson, superintendent of the
Hospital for Mental Diseases, who ap
peared before the Assembly recently,
have aroused much comment. In pleading
for an amendment to the law relating to
the committing of Insane persons to the
asylum he said that there were twenty or
more sane persons at the asylum who had
been sent from various counties to save
the expense of maintaining them at the
poorhouse. They were generally commit
ted by the County Clerk in the absence
of the District Judge, and when they
reached the asylum were according to the
commitment papers, "violently Insane."
Sometimes they were merely getting over
a long spree and when sobered up were
as rational as any one.
The doctor cited a case where the Sheriff
brought In a patient committed as insane
who was merely drunk when he started,
and when he reached the asylum had so
bered, while tho Sheriff who brought him
In had become drunk and was the less ra
tional of the two. The doctor told the
patient he was not a subject for the asy
lum and advised him to go home at his
own expense. He agreed to do so, and
went to Reno, and borrowing money from
George Turrittln returned to his home in
a perfectly sane condition. The Sheriff so
bered up and followed him the next day.
The doctor wanted the law so amended
as to allow no persons to be committed to
the asylum unless they were examined by
competent physicians and in the presence
of a Judge of the District Court, the com
mitment papers to come from him. It Is
evident that such a law Is badly needed.
SEEK TO CHECK
COOLIE INFLUX
Nevada Asylum Superin
tendent Accuses Officials
of Counties.
HERD PAUPERS
WITH MANIACS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, March 9.— In all
probability the first train over the South
ern Pacific's new coast division on the
schedule to go into effect soon will be the
famous rolling palaces of the Webb-Van
derbilt party. The train is now here
awaiting the party's bidding. It has been
announced that on leaving here the East
erners will go direct to San Francisco
over the coast division, and that it Is the
Intention of Dr. Webb to continue the
Journey to New York over the Central
and Union Pacific routes, the Rock Island
line and the Vanderbilt lines east. It will
be a record-breaking trip, as no avoidable
stops will be made. The purpose of Dr.
Webb and other members of the Webb-
Harriman syndicate In visiting Santa
Barbara every winter has not been wholly
one of pleasure; the 6hrewd business
minds of these men have been steadily
at work on gigantic schemes of transpor
tation. By this long distance trip with
out stops Dr. "Webb no doubt "Intends to
make a great experiment in fast time, and
the world will be startled a short time
hence when a)' breath-taking schedule is
adopted over the combined Vanderbilt
lines spanning the continent.
The party, since its arrival here, has
been enjoying itself greatly. The first
move of the visitors was the purchase of
a number of blooded horses, some of them
from the stables of the late Baroness
Josephine Hamsch, who committed suicide
at her beautiful Monteclto country seat
recently. Dr. Webb has consented to be
come a member of the Country Club and
has arranged to spend next winter here.
It is rumored that he has purchased some
real estate, with the Intention of erecting
a mansion, to be occupied by himself and
friends as a winter home for the future.
The latest pleasure excursion which the
party has arranged Is a relay tallyho
rid© to the Underbill rancho, near Los
Alamos. The distance Is about seventy
miles and will be covered In five relays
from Santa Barbara. During the stay
there the party will be the puests of the
owner of the ranch. F. T. Underhlll, an
Intimate friend of Vice President Theo
dore Roosevelt. Since their etay here the
visitors have been the guests of Mr. Un
derhlll on several occasions and have en-
Joyed a number of Jaunts in the moun
tains under "his guidance. After a stop
of several days at the Underhlll ranch,
the party will meet Us train at Lompoc,
to continue the Journey to San Francisco.
Will Be the First to Bun From Santa
Barbara to San Francisco by
Way of the New Coast
Iiine.
DR. WEBB'S PARTY
PUNS FAST TRIP
Special Train Will Attempt
to Break Transconti
nental Records;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
15
\ AD V EBT1S K MTTMTS.
I This wm bc our I
B for closing out |
1 1 "We have many surplus lines of I
II light flresa shoes, and we will close |
If them out this week at astonishing- |
f-j ly low prices to ma.k« room for our y
f I NEW SPRING GOODS that are \ \
1 1 Just arriving. \
V": Tin: WILL ALSO PLACE ON i j
P BALE about 350 pairs of LADIES' a :
r AND MEN'S TAN SHOES, Short ia !
ij lines, high grade goods, at prices a •
f j ttat will carry them away. i j
I EVERY SURPLUS SHOE I
f-l In our stock must go. Don't miss y
f_ eeeing our bargains this week. J j
I* The balance of our winter shoes \ \
R *rtH *>e put on the barpain counter j
H emd closed out this week at 2Gc and S
¦ 50c on the dollar. « \
If THERE IS NOW j |
[ No Excuse h
t FCm ) !
3 Union Men I
? i
i To wear non-union she**. W> .-arry 4
% a fu!l line of UNION-MADE £
I SHOES for ladies and mea at U ;
I prices that are asked elsewhere for L ,
I non-union goods. J '
ii STORE CLOSES AT 6 P.M. ! J
\ SATURDAYS AT 11 P. M.
r \ |
¦ I REMEMBER THE PLACE. I j
NOLANBROS.il
¦j PHELAN BUILDING, 5
j 812-814 Market St. j
Broken
Eyeglass
I>n9««« replaced tor SO cents.
Any AetlcusAtlc lease* duplicated for f 1.00
asd fl.5O.
Guaranteed correct and best Quality.
Oruliets' prescriptions filled. Factory en
preislees. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPT1CIANS^ OI >^»««.
642 Market St. instruments
L-«;t» cmronicii Booing Catalogue Fr[£
|0B. PIERGF,S ELEGTR1G BELT|
? America Aboad of tb* World in FJectrieal Inrea- *
? Mom! fc>erjbody knows tbl«! Our n*w BcxJy-J
? Baxwn-r-, CC S. Patent) is strictly an American J
1 tnTenlibn-THE Belt or the Century. It tendg a I
' powerful, r*Tensit»i6 correat through the hcsian I
'hoAr tram tlr*4 to K*ou coring: Chronic andi
' KerVoct Ui*ea*e* and WVakr.'sf of i!a> or i ema'.r 4
. as if bT Magic t»o positiT* are we tnat no other 4
. belt U the eq a*l of " In. Pierw'B." that we will Bend 4
¦ ;t ON APPBOVAI. lor comparison with acr beltf
• now told io An»nc*. *' beeaic is BelieTing." J |
' KOTE.— We nerer send belts " On Trial," there- 4
. fore in onJeriae "In. I'.ereeV do ri«k la run of 4
¦ contracting -kin Dlitur or otber I>uorders by]
¦ o>i2K an apr.liance »reTlo»«Ijr warn fcy »th<-r"
• Mnmi- Call, or seed a?c stamp for new "Booklet J
STo.E.'' Address: PIKKCK KLKrTKIC CO.!
I 1 1 45 nroadrar, • tjear 26th St.) New York. «
, Or C-O Almrket (street, San I-'ra.ncisco. 4
m CHICMCrrCR'JB CNCU8H
Pekhyroy^l, pills
*AlPtfk *» CHlCUKSTEIt'8 KXGEJKU
~V*< T 11 " tl — rtbb «- Take M other. Krfa.a
*j*^ *S» *VM l>m*nrmmt fHikaUtiitlaaa aaa Isalta-
7 T (/,*»•••• B"7 «f 7»«r DnttitL or mb« 4«. ta
I W Jf ¦OBtM «*r Particular*. 1 Vrtlm.nUIa
l^» O «l"HeJUXr.rL*4Ir..-«l«t».brr«»
A t«r»MdU lli.huuiHiiit.Di.,1. smu,
>— — r an DnifiMtM. Calcbeater Ckmleal C^
KeBtionttljp»;n. Atadlaaa bqaarc* I'UILJU. fJZ
DB. HALL'S mNYlGORATORBGSTO
Five tusiired reward for any VJy^W**'
cae« we cannot cure. This secret ul iCf
remedy steps all losses In 24 hours. 4 £
cures Emie£lons. Impotency, Vaii- *ff W- '
coceie. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, JJr «?}f
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all iiu X&
wiping effects of celf-abuse or M M}]
excesses. Bent *ea>d. %2 bottle; 2 i^-frrr^i
bottles. K; evaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL, INSTITUTB. 855
}'. road way. Oakland. Cxi. Also for sale at lOTZhi
Market f... S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for free book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
JC *U II €flV f- CS\ 9W Battery Btreet.
¦ L- nlLJU.l itl»- Telephone Main 1S6C
COPPERSMITH.
r nr CMITH £h!p Plumbln*. Steamboat and
L- n« Ehip Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington ft. Telephone Main S64L .
FRESH AXD SALT MEATS.
IIC nni'CC & Ci\ 6hlpplr.if Butchers. 104
JAS- I)U I C3 & LU- cur. TeL Main 12H.
LUBEICATIN'O OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front et.. 8. F. Phone Main 1*19.
" PRINTING. ~
E. Cr HDOBESt EU Eansoroe tt.. B. F.
PHINTERS. BOOKBINOERJ.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
. 3 First Street. Ean Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
r *f£?£ n ' IL PARTRIDGE 1^:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cries the young maid to her mother, as
she retires to rest. The mother smiles,
but sighs. She knows that the pains
that rack her will not stop for darkness,
and that if she ES^^JS^PF)
sleeps her dreams p|SMHB^V^fe- .%
will only be echoes Ex^^^j^\^Mi
of the sufferings W!p »^4^<S3p $F
Why not sleep M jLv £p> )S |g
soundly and rise pr^5 4« MK
refreshed at morn- \r^ y^^
ing, with strength pjgr & X w
and courage for Ka§ ? -C^s, ¦^'Vt'
the day's duties? K^- v _^w?SK
Weak, nervous W^*y?fS$GQ Ef
women, sufferers if *$'£WL b3
from backache, Vgg &\jffeCKv Im
bearing-down |5J; {^ 0 p?><x*}JM
pains, and other W 3 ftDf' t i*3Ljfc
womanly a il-[/ l^fcS*!*©^ &
ments, have found u fv^a* J 'Uv i?
a perfect cure in R; A = a^\b c v^i
Dr. Pierce's Fa- R^ AsJJ&U" M& S
v o r i t e Prescrip- Q-<^vj^»A < '3+^ ! 9
tion. It heals the
womanly diseases E^^^^fcl: >* Jj
•which cause the "ssjJSnsBSEX vV^Sl
pains and nervousness. It makes weak
women strong and sick women well.
"I deem it my duty to express my heartfelt
gratitude for having been -the means, .under
Providence, of restoring me to health," writes
Mrs. B. H. Munn, of Spring-hiU, Leon Co., Fla.
"For nearly two years I suffered from female
weakness so I could not stand on my feet any
length of time ; could scarcely walk at all.
Appetite was much impaired; I had bearing-
down . sensations - 'can't express how badly I
did feel. Had tned several kinds of medicine
which did me little or no good. At last decided
to try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I had
not taken all of two bottles before I saw it was
benefiting: me, so I continued to take it until I
had taken seven bottles, when I felt entirely
cured. Did not feel a touch of my old com-
plain t. It has been over a year since I toolc
your medicine, and I can truthfully say that
my health has been better for the last year than
' it had been for four years previously.
« You may publish this as a testimonial."
- .Dr.V Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to * pay
expense of mailing only. ¦_. Address Dr.
R..V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
It improves the appetite and also has
a . remarkable effect in strengthening the
voice and maintaining its tone. It as
largely) employed '-..by . clergymen, law-
yers,' teachers, singers and actors.-
1 All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers . leave Broadway
>y wharf. Ean Francisco:
V^<Si- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
P^^3*l . March 7, 12. 17. 22. 27, April 1.
|«*J5jc!Hgi| Change to company's steamers
3?UI For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
r^KTTTFirYni C -*' Port Townsend. Seattle.'
I Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New VTbatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
9. 14. 19. 24. 29, April 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, utopplnp only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. S a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Fanta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uca!«. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Son Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, -Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without jire v !° u " r.otlce.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
st»-e»t (Palace HeteO. V ,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.: Gen. Asts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & U. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
•r o :r, t? t_ . j± isr id
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 F'rst Class including Bert*
rWfl" S3 Second Clas* and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Mar. 14. 24. Apr. 3
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 19. 29. Apr. 8
- Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
• 1 Montgomery st.
eeeaaic s.s.io. sstsss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
»• Wednesday. March 13, 4 p.m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 16, 2 p. ex.
SS. SONOMA, for' Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 87. 9 p. m.
J. 0.SF3ECKELS k BROS. CO., Sum! Agents. 327 Hariri St
Sb'I Passngar OtBea, 843 llartrt St., for la. 7, Paefl: H
PACITIC STEAK NAVIGATION CO. AND
COilPANIA SUD AJIEEICANA DS VAP0SS3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and 8outh American ports. Sailing:
S8. COLOMBIA March ». 1901
SS. TUCAPEL .: : .-...March 20, 1301
SS. AREQUIPA ...... .....V....r....April 4. 1901
BS. LIMARI .April 17, 190X
.At 13 m. from Section. 2. Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Can- ¦
traland South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMPAGNIE GE5EBALE TRAMSATLAXTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , -^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River." foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. $55 and ¦ upward. Second class to
Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. «
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast .. Agents. 5
Montgomery avenuw, San Francisco. .. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
OCR ATT TBAVZLb
TOYO KISEN KAISH1
STEAMERS WTtii LEAVE WHABJ", COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day -
of sailing.
BS. AMERICA MA RTT.... Friday. March B. l*n
FS. HOVGKOXG M A RU.. Tuesday. April ». 13C1
SS. NIPPON MARTJ 3"rlday. May «. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passag* apply at company's offlod.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE*
toV T0HK. S0TJTHAKPT03. L02TBOW. PA2I\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday at 10 a, m.
New Tork Mar. MINew Tork April 19
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April IT
St. Louis .......April Jlst. Louis .April 24
BED STAR Lir*Si
New York and Antwtra.
From New Tork Every ¦Wednesday, 13 noon,
Kensington Mar. 20 Southwark April 19
Noordland Mar. 27 Westernland ...April 17
Friesland April 3 Kensington ....April M
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TATLOR. General Agent,
PaciSc Coast. SO Montgomery st. •
PANAMA R. R. BSE
To HEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 91O5: Steerage. $IO.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, liar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. sails Tuesday, April 16.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger ofOce. 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FQR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stea— »<»r "^'o-'tice'lo. "
MOX.. Tues., "Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 5:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Cock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
b3T?TTQT-I17Q for barbers, bak-
JOliU OXl£iO ers - fcootfjlaclca. bath-
nousea. billiard tables..
brewers, bookbinders, candy-njakars. cannera.
dyers. flourmiUs. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
(L yPATENTSfJj
M MARMFT ST. SI
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STa-RS-
•» modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, S0c to tl SO day;
to to |S week; |S to |20 montn. Frea baths; hot >
and cold water every room; fin crates in •very
room: elevator -uns all night.
your water frequently night and day.
smarting or Irritation in passing, brtck-
dust or sediment in the urine, headache,
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
tions from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
matism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
wornout feeling, lack of ambition. Iojs
of flesh, sallow complexion, or Brighfa
disease.
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms v a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it la
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need Immediate attention.
Swamp-Root Is the great discovery of
Dr. Kllmer^th© eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
derful success in both slight and severe
cases. Doctors recommend It to their
patients and use it In their own families,
because they recognize in Swamp-Root
the greatest and mest successful r^iedy.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
for sale tho world over at druggists In
bottles of two sizea and two prices— fifty
cents and. one dollar. Remember tha
name, Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton. N. T.
iu have, the slightest symptoms of kidney
> of it in your family history, &end at once
, who will gladly send you by mall, lm- !
bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
lands of testimonial letters received from
e to say that you read this generous offer
Th« mild and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Rpot. the great kidney
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this is a trial.
14 WEST 117th ST., NEW TORK CITT.
DEAR SIR: OCT. 15th, 1900.
"I had been suffering severely from kid-
ney trouble. All symptoms were on band;
my former strength and power had left me;
I could hardly drag myself along:. Even my
mental capacity was giving out, and often I
wished to die. It was then I saw an adver-
tisement of yours In a New Tork paper, but
would not have paid any attention to It had
It not promised a sworn guarantee with every
bottle of your medicine, asserting that your
Swamp-Root Is purely vegetable, and does
not contain any harmful drugs. I am sev-
enty years and four months old. and with a
good conscience I can recommend Swamp-
Root to all sufferers from kidney troubles.
Four members of my family have been using
Swamp-Root for four different kidney dis-
eases, with the same good results."
With many thanks to you. I remain.
Very truly yours.
ROBERT BEKXER.
You may have a 6ample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root,
cent fre© by mall, postpaid, by which you
may test Its virtues for such disorders as
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases,
poor diuestlon. wlen obliged to pass
EOITORIAL NOTICE.-Ifyi
or bladder trouble, cr If there Is a traci
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. Y,
mediately, without cost to you, a sample
tainlng many of the thousands upon thou:
men and women cured. In writing, be bu
In the San Francisco Sunday Call.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease; therefore, when through
neglect or other causes* kidney trouble Is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most*
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are «ick or "feel bad T y," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root* the gpcat k'dney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by MaiL
DO NOT NEGLECT
YOUR KIDNEYS
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to Con*
tinue Fata! Results Are Sure to Follow.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
L. W. KNAPP, M. D.
How any man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of suffering from trtcu&l weakness, lost me up. I am Just aa vigorous as when a boy
vitality, night losses, varlcocel., eto.. and en- an .?_, y<m I* 11110 , 1 realize how happy I am." .
Simply send your nam. and •idres. to Pr U and v , Kor have co^^y returned and fn-
\V. ICnapp. 1273 Hull bulldta*. Detroit. Mich., largrement 1b entirely satisfactory."
. and he will gladly send the free receipt with "Dear Blr— Yours was received and I had no
lull directlccs «o ttat eny man may easily cure trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
hJmcelf at borne. Thi» Is certainly a most and ca.n truthfully pay It ;s a. booa to weak
reorrous offer and the following extracts taken men." I am greatly Improved in size, strength
from his dally mall show what mea think of and vigor." . , .
his generosity. All correspondence Is strictly' confidential.
?"Dear 81r— Pleas* accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. ..The receipt
for yours of recent date. ,1 have given* your is fre. for the asking acd be wants every man
treatment a thorough vest and ¦• the benefit aaa to bar. it. ' ¦"It may. be some money and Jewelry
that I expected, said Cooper. "I have
some scattered around the country and
this may be It."
"I exiect to have former District At
torney Barne9 to defend me." said Cooper
last night in the City Prison. "Mutual
friends are endeavoring to arrange the
matter. Mr. Gallagher only appeared for
the arraignment. My wife and mother
in-law will be my witnesses. My wife has
not yet called upon me, though I expect
her to fly to my arms at the first op
portunity."
Although his previous career Is well
known and established beyond ne*d of
proof, the prisoner denies that h» was
ever married or that he has a wife and
child living. According to Captain Sey
mour, the latter ore in Chicago.
Word was received from Ogden during
that day that a registered package was
received at the postofflce there yesterday
addressed to Harry Westwood Cooper.
The notice was delivered at "the station.
The package Is said to be from C T.
Humphreys, the attorney, of this city.
Mr. Humphreys had left for Calaveras
County yesterday morning. His wife ex
pected a message from him, but up to a
late hour had not received any: Captain
Seymour was also apprised of the matter
and telegraphed the Chief of Police of Og
den to secure the package if possible and
return it here.
Talks of His Defense.
He was promptly removed from the court
to the City Prison.
Before goln? to the court Cooper sent
for a messenger boy and dispatched him
on an errand. The boy returned with a
bouquet of violets and $2 50 cash. with,
which Cooper ordered a sumptuous re
past to be brought to him from a near-by
restaurant. He wanted people to believe
that his young wife had sent the bouquet
and money, so as to create the Impression,
that she wa$ still in love with him, but
when taxed with it by Captain Seymour
he confessed that he was prevaricating.
In the afternoon he sent word to Cap
tain Seymour that he would like to have
a talk with him. and the captain had him
brought to his room from the prison. They
were closeted together for over an hour,
and after Cooper had toeen taken back to
the prison the captain said Cooper wanted
to dictate terms to him as to the cases
against him, but he was Informed that
they would be prosecuted to tho bitter
In this interview Ccoper said that his
true name was Charles Ernest Chadwick.
that he was born in Ehiblln. Ireland, and
that he has a brother, an inspector in the
Irish constabulary, stationed in Dublin.
Captain Seymour will write to Dublin to
ascertain if there, is any truth in his
statement.
"When some -men' entertain an Idea it 13
a fair idea of cheap hospitality.
Walter Lamoreaux. a young man, plead
ed euilty in Judge. Dunne's court • yester
day to a charge of bigamy. He was sen
tenced to San Quentlnfora term* ot fif
teen months. Lamoreaux married a Miss
Ullle Cronan in thls.clty on February 21
1&99. M'itbout taking -the trouble, to pro
cure a divorce 'from Ker/he. entered Into
a Veecond marrlafeo y.ith VAnnle ¦ Williams
ft .Emeryville, >\lameda County,'; oni'-Jan
vt&ry 1J,; : JM1.. In, court, yesterday he said
it,*ras upeless to make defense, but" that
aerdid.not understand the nature of; his
act _ until ;it was too, late. Hence he plead
ed guilty and : judgment .was ¦ forthwith
pronounced. -¦• *¦' ¦*• * — '.- •'¦*' '
Young Bigamist Sentenced.
-The push, saloon men, gamblers, bir mlt
boys and others gave the candidates th« dou
ble cross and beat incorporation. So much the
better for the town at next election. The sol
diers are now shipping the push out of hero.
\ote for Incorporation. Why? WVneed 1 fire
protection; we need a hospital;- we need pood
streets; we need recognition by Congress. . The
companies are. against- incorporation. : .Why?
They look out for .themselves, •"¦¦¦¦
"The letter containing the above informa
tion concludes as follows:,,-., i:
Still another read:
Grafters— Worse than thieves, because they
work under the protection of the law. Ptod
erty owners of Nome, do you know wjiat they
will do to you? There la 'money , being spent
to incorporate: they expect the money back
a thousandfold. Get to the polls early and
vote against incorporation, or get readv to
leave Nome while you have money enough to
get out, for the trrafters will tax you to the
poorhouse. before spring-.
one was Issued by the Citizens'
Committee: , ' ¦
Warm Campaign Literature.
Thieves-Look out for the thieves and fire
bugs if Incorporation does not carry. Re
member this camp contains an element which
cannot bo held in check' under present condi
tions. The military do not want to arrest
men, because they have no available funds
for the keep of prisoners. Vote for incorpora
tion. ¦ -
six voteB were thrown out on account of
irregularity. When everything had been
straightened out the vote stood: For in
corporation 320; against incorporation 352.
Had the reform element won. Captain K
H. Hanson, president of the Nome Cham
ber of Commerce, was to have been
M#yor. but now Hank Summers, in the
employ of one of the big mining com
p?nies, will fill the coveted office.-
There was a hot time on the beach for
a week before election."" Both sides flood
ed, the various camps with dodgers and
the gamblers and saloon men gathered
their followers from far and near.- Here
are a couple of samples of the dodgers
got out by the opposing factions. This
one was issued by the reform element:
zens* ticket In the field. The former
wanted to Incorporate the town and the
latter was bitterly opposed to it. The re.
form element thought It would easily'car
ry the day and rested on Its oars until
almost the last day. Not so with the
gamblers and saloon-keepers,' however.
They worked morning,' noon and night
and in consequence many of the reform
candidates were defeated on election day.
The miners' ticket was as follows:
For Councllmen— Captain E. H. Hanson,
Hank Summers, Captain W. E. Oelger,
George S. Newman. J. B. Miller, R. S. Ryan
and J. H. Wright.
For School Board — Miner Bruce.- Dr. H. C.
Wilkinson and Captain Kidston.
The citizens' ticket was as follows:
For ! Counclltnen— Hank Summer*. David F.
Lane. H. S. Ryan. Sam Herron. .Charlie H"x-
Bie, Ed Dozier and Captain \V. K. Geigpr.
For School Board— Captain Kidston Miner
'Bruce and Dr. H. C. ..Wilkinson.
Only Seven Hundred Votes.
According to the letter which brought
the news there are only about 4000 people,
all told, wintering at Nome, and of these
only 708 cast votes. Of these
GAMBLERS CARRY
THE DAY AT NOME
Result of a Very Hot Fight
Over Incorporation of
the Town.
Nome City Is still a wide open town and
the gambling element is running things
to suit itself. An election was held up
there recently and according to a letter
received here' a few days ago the reform
dement was beaten by thirty-two votes.
There was a miners' ticket and a citi-
As the stellar attraction in police cir
cles at the present timo "Sir" Harry
"\Vestwood Cooper realizes the importance
of his position. Although on Friday night
he said his true name was Ernest Moore
Chadwick he changed it yesterday to
Charles Ernest Chadwick. As fancy dic
tates the police officials think that he
may change it again. .
Confinement in the City Prison with the
attendant notoriety attached thereto doea
not seem to have affected either his ur
banity or self-possession. From his slen
der store of raiment he drew forth a
change of apparel yesterday, secured a
boutonniere of violets and prepared him
8e ,/ °ov, the e J CI £ cted vlsIt ot Ws Ja-test
wife. She and her mother went to tha
Hall of Justice late in the evenine ana
eaw Captain Seymour in his office, but
did not ascend to the prison above, though
only a few feet and a short elevator ride
separated them. Cooper, or Chadwick
though disappointed, still has not given
up hope. -
"Mutual friends," ho said last night
"are working to that end. Love is
stronger than iron bars and where there
is a will there is a way."
_In company with her mother and sister
Pearl iNorine Schnelder-Chadwlck spent
an hour last evening with Captain Sey
mour. The documentary evidence cap
tured on Cooper's person and in hi3 va
lises was spread out before her and a
large portion, sufficient fcr the prosecu
tion s was identified. Mrs
benneider and daughter promised to be on
hand to testify at the preliminary exam •
lnatlon on Wednesday afternoon
Apparently unconscious of the notorietv
attached to her position the deceived
young woman related many little incidents
of the trip.
"I gave him the diamond ring he gave
me, she said, "whlLe on the train to wear
at a Masonic banquet he was to attend
I wished it on his little finger. When we
got to Winnemucca I asked him for U
He said he had left it in a washroom
somewhere along the route and that he
would telegraph back and" have it sent
forward." . . *
"Did you ever sea it again?" asked
Captain Seymour.
"No, nor the other two rings that he
pave me and took back again," was her
answer. The rings have been located
where Cooper pawned them, one- of them
being in this city. While Cooper was
courting Norine in Crockett he learned
that a young man of that town was his
rival. He bought a pistol and threatened
to shoot his rival, but finally contented
himself with commanding the eirl not to
speak to him. ..
. His Day in Court.
, Cooper was the star attraction in Jud*e
Fritz's court yesterday morning. He was
attired in a black Prince Albert coat, light
trousers and fancy . vest . and sported a
boutonnaire of violets in the- lapel of his
coat. He was careful in his toilet as lie
expected his young wife No. 5 to be in
court, but he was disappointed Th"
courtroom was crowded, a -large number
of women being among: the spectators
w hen the cases were called the Judge
instructed the defendant as to his rii?K?a
and - Attorney Walter Gallagher an
rounced that he represented'. the defend
ant., who was at once arraigned on the
two charges of forgery, one for sendine
the forged telegram to Norine Schneider
in the name of the girl's mother, savins
that she. consented to their carriage «ni
the other -for forgln<» the seal of the Hiirh
Court -of Chancery, London, England
which he used'on the purported notiop Vi
probate of thj will of Mrs. Eliza Adelli,"!
Chadwick. his alleged aunt. Tne . defenJ
ant said that his true, name was Erniot
Moore Chadwick,. but I later in the da*
he' told 'Captain Seymour that his true
name'wgji Charles Ernest . Chadwick * At
the request. of his attorney- the prelimin
ary examination in each case was set for
next Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock
Declines to Visit Him in
; City PrisoD, but Prepares
Her Statement. •"-
COOPER'S WIFE
NOT FORGIVING
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 9.— An exciting
pcene took place In the lower house of the
Territorial Legislature to-day, during
which Senator Barkel^y, a member from
Pima County, received a pair of black
eyes at the hands of W. J. Morgan, mem
ber from Navajo County. The men are
both Democrats and during the legislative
session have been frequently aligned on
opposite sides of questions at issue. Mor
gan is quiet and usually humorous,
though easjly offended. -
During the morning hour Barkeley made
a remark inferring that Morgan wanted
to say something but dared not do so.
I>ater, in committee rooms, Morgan told
Barkeley he could take care of himself.
During the afternoon, while a bill was
under discussion, Barkeley walked over
to Morgan's side of the house and en
gaged in conversation. No one noticed
them till Morgan landed a blow on Barke
ley's face and followed his assault with a
second blow, that staggered his opponent.
Instantly the sergeant-at-arms was or
dered to arrest Morgan, and later Barke
ley. Morgan refused to make a statement
and told the House that Barkeley had
said something to him that no man would
stand. Bloodshed Is feared.
Floor of the Territorial
Legislature.
Fist Fight Occurs on the
ARIZONA SOLONS
COME TO BLOWS
The object of the change at this time,
Knight repeated, was that he wanted to
give Ryan a place, and the change had
not been made earlier because Peterson
had hurt his foot. He said he himself
never talked to Peterson on the subiect.
and the first thing said to Peterson about
Riving up his place was the conversation
Brown had with him a week ago.
Brown. Knight says, is a man he has
known for a long time, mainly in a poli
tical way. Brown- helped in his cam
paign and did good work. The story
that he wanted to draw the salaries of
the two clerks, .he said, was not true
The only thing that was. told to. Peterson
was that he must divide up with the man
named Ryan. • .
Regarding Ryan Mr. Knight would say
but little. Ryan was a friend, he said, but
he had done no politics for Knight during
the campaign and Knight said he did not
know where he lived beyond the fact that
he was a resident of the city. Ryan ia
not up here now, but Knight said he
would be up, probably Monday, to take
his new nlace.
Knows Little About Ryan.
"I have not known Peterson long. He
came to me first to ask me to let him
do some printing for me and then he
started to canvass for me. I did not know
him then, but up here I was told I would
have trouble with him."
"About a week ago I told Brown
to talk to him about Ryan. I
think— I have no doubt— Brown tola
him he had to make some arrange
ments with Ryan whereby his pay
could be split up between them and he
could go down to the city. I told Brown
something of that kind had to be done. I
•wanted to give the other man a chance,
and as Peterson still hungr on and would
not come to any agreement, I had the
resolution put in.
b© here. Early In the session I could have
put him on aa a porter, but he would not
take the place, bo I pot him appointed bill
filer. It was the understanding that he
was not to hold on the whole session.
ASSEMBLYMAN KNIGHT OF
THE THIRTY-FOURTH LEGIS
LATIVE DISTRICT.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO. March 9.— In the As
sembly this mornins r>uryea pre
.sented. a resolution removing C.
: .J, Peterson from his position as
bill flier and substituting Henry Ryan in
his place. Now the deposed bill flier Is
making, things'/ warm for till concerned,
and in the scandal he has raised ho in
cludes E. D. Knight, Assemblyman from
the -Thirty-fourth District in San Fran
cisco, and "W. A.' Brown, clerk of the
Committee on Federal Relations, of which
Knight ia chairman.
Both Brown and. Peterson were Knight's
appointees. Brown to a $5 place and Pe
terson to a $3 place; and Peterson declares
that the -proposition to step aside and al
low Knight to draw the pay of both was
made to him by Brown.
Last Tuesday, Peterson says. Brown
came to him an.d told him that, as
Knight's pay would stop on Thursday,
the sixteenth day of the session, it would
be but fair that they should both let go
up here and return to the city, leaving
Knight to. draw their pay until adjourn
ment. It could easily be done. Brown
said, because there was-nothlng for them
to do, anyway, . and no one would miss
them.
Peterson says that he would have noth
ing to do with the proposition. He told
Brown he had worked hard for Knight
during the campaign, making a house-to
house canvass for him, and he deserved
the place and was not going to give it up.
Warned He Hust Acquiesce.
The matter rested until Thursday, when
Brown made an appointment to meet him
in front of the Golden Eagle Hotel.' When
they met, Peterson says. Brown put the
proposition to him again, and again he
declined. Then Brown told him he had
better agree, because If he did not Knight
would drop him from the payroll any
way. To this Peterson replied that he
had a family to support. If he were
dropped he could not help It, but he was
not going to get off the payroll in such
way as was proposed.
This morning Duryea submitted the res
olution In the Assembly. As he did so
Speaker Pendleton questioned the regular
ity of it, and Duryea said he put the
resolution In by request, and while he
had no personal knowledge of the matter
hfi understood it was satisfactory to every
one concerned.
Knight then arose and said that Peter
son was -his appointee and he was satis
fied with the resolution, so it was put
through, and Ryan was put in Peterson's
place— or will be next Monday.
In explaining : his connection with the
matter to-night Knight said:
"It was understood when I appointed
Peterson that he was not to hold on dur
ing :tho entire session. He did hold on
longer than I expected, and so I had him
removed and put Ryan in his place. Ryan
is a .friend of mine."
Knight as a Philanthropist.
Knight sa<d it was at first not his de
sire nor intention to appoint Peterson to
any position, but Peterson came to Sacra
mento and he felt he had to do some
thing for him. He expected him to hold
on during part of the session and then to
give war to some one else, but some
weeks ago Peterson hurt his foot, and
Knight said he let him hang on longer
than at first he intended.
"Peterson's desire was not' so much a
position on the pay roll," continued
Knight, "as an excuse to be in Sacra
! mento. He wanted- to .meet people who
| would help him secure a place with, the
Harbor Commission and. to be able to sqs
the Governor, who, he said, had prom
ised that he^ehoold have, a job. I told
;h!m*I could not do much for him, for I
did not believe I would have' the patron
age, bufhe said that did not matter, that
anything -would do so long as he could
Deposed Bill Filer Charges That He
Was Asked to Surrender His Pay
to ED. Knight of San Francisco
ASSEMBLYMAN 'S NAME
INVOLVED IN SCANDAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
16
MEN=TAL=V1S.
No matter whether pronounced MentaJ-ris.
Mcn-talvis or Mentalvls, it is nevertheless the
greatest and best friend of humanity in the
worll to-day. Pale and aicUy women — women
whose nerves are shattered; despondent and
disappointed women, will find Mentalvia a
beacon light in the darkest hour of their des-
pair. What Mentalvia reveals cannot be found
in any book of any land. It is an Oral demon-
stration of Human capabilities, and In less
than three (3) minutes after you enter the
room you will be charmed and amazed at the
truthfulness of its revelations. To those in
love it is a marveL To all sad-hearted folks
it ia a Star of Hope. To those disappointed in
business and domestic matters it Is the guide
post to happiness and success. Mentalvia
doesn't guess; doesn't prophesy, doesn't do
things- In a "mysterious way." but doe* Ira
work In broad daylight en a scientific basts.
Absolutely and emphatically confidential to one
and all. and all It costs Is $1 orally. Extra
chance if typewritten. Parlors now ©pen, 11M
Market St.. room 23.
V
4&££*&S\ ONE* PlIDCC
pt^Mk BOTTLE CURES
ft MCBURNEY'S
• • - ZjrW ' thorongii euio for
j C P* la 3 In the back, j
A. BSIGHT'S DISEASE.
24 rj^ fexaalo trouble*, lncon-
i Ot urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
getting of children, gravel, gall ttonCsL
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatlsza.
FOR BATS AT j
DAHLBENDER DRrO CO. «4 Kearay rt.
Send 25c in 2c stamps to W. S*. McBurney.
41S S. Spring «t., Los Angeles. Cat., for 5
t'aj-3" treatment. Prepaid $1 60. Ewuggists.
Avisrf OR. JORDAN'S omkat^
\ HUSEUH OF AMTOHtf
A jf^rm WeakL w citnnm m *ar eonoicted «¦
V (J^ryTa dlteiier»» lu "» | y«'» r »«'or«>eoMm¥
Q fgj f 41 ' bp«aalu( cm tbu Couc Bm. j6 jms%. V
k u'z'J&k cs. josoan-Phiy&te c:seases«
\ rf?^€3)B Coa«il:at»oo tr— «nd «rtc«T pctv»t» '
A I i+Xj'B Trt ujnent perwjnaily or by 1«l«. A» I
V a <T ri 0 fo»Jt— CV-«la r»ery e*Mrade*tmi»n. \
AT!l lit" Writ, far Book, PMItOSOrnir**; 1
V I jj ll** W*nttIAC.K. HtlLCQ fUS, |A
\ A It' »a!uible book lot atrm) '
9 Oil. JOB0A3I A C«>.. 10S1 Market at.. a. F. < *
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
E* THE VAULTS OB* THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST 85.00 PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WHT THEN WORRT OVER THE SAFE
KEEPING OF YOUR VALUABLES
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Corner California and Montgomery Streets.
DIL W05Q WOO TEA 'AND HK1B 3AHITARIUJI.
T84-788 CLAT STREET.
San Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
tp*vS^O To all whom it may concern:
I* y-f In December. 1S93, I was Uk-
'fcp J en tick with Black Typhoid
TLj, 9 Fever, the most virulent type
\fc»^i ¦ known to medical science. I
riTS.m><fj%. had hemorrhages, both nasil
rJWF<^^^!T anit Intestinal, eight of th*
52KfiSrJ»VB\V ¦ latter occurring in one day.
•«M»«*i*.«i» Dr. Wong Woo, the eminent
Chinese physician, was called, and with on»
dose oC his tea stopped tho flow of blood, there-
by savins 1 ly life, as I bad been given up by
my white physician, as well aa by all my
friends. Wa» unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
Wong Woo'a wonderful skill he saved my lUa
from this moat fatal of all fevers. Although I
was confined to my bed three months. «u
•Me to resume my vocation In six month-.
from the time I went to bed.- and now I
weiffh 2C2 pounds, more than 1 hart ever at-
tained previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. Wong Woo to any one in need of a
"S :t 'SSI vP^UI? 0 for any «*"»<» whatsoever.
-HALPH N. FOLKS, 315 CJolden Gata *v...
Kan FraaclscQ. CaJ..
ADVEBTISEIIENTS.
SENT FREE_TO MEN!
A Most Bemarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vitfo?
to Men. -";o
A Free Trial Package Sont by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a m ~t remarka-
b'.e remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood • that
the Institute has decided to . distribute
free trial packages to all who ¦write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful :olly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. '
The remedy has a peculiarly Krateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request to the State Mart
ical Institute, 328 felektron building. Ton
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire fln «
of their free trial packages, will bj \cS™.
plied with promptly, -'he Institute isi£U
slrouB of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat*
e«2. and the, free sample will enable them
to.sf » how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are 8 employed.-- The : Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes w:il
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed
in anlaln package, so that its recipient
ne ? d . £ ave "° i ear °^ embarrassment or
Pup-Hcity- Readers are requested to writ©
without delay. • .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH 0F_THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef-
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has Ions been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The .usual symptoms are a full or bloating
sensation after eating, accompanied some-
times with sour or watery risings, a for-
mation of gases, causing pressure on the
heart and lungs and difficult breathing,"
headaches, fickle appetite, nervousness
and a general played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tonsue and if the interior of the
•stomach could be seen it would show a
slimy, inflamed condition. : .
The cure for this common and obstinate
tiouble is found in a treatment which
causes the -food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment and
irritate the delicate. mucous surfaces of
the stomach. To secure a prompt and
healthy . digestion is the />ne necessary
thing to do and when normal digestion is
secured, the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared. ; .
, According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
¦meal ¦ a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a. little Nux, Golden Seal
and fruit acids. These tablets can now
be found at all, drug stores under, the
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and
not being a patent medicine, can be used
with 1 perfect safety and .assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough , digestion
wP follow their regular use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Bobher, Chicago, 111... writes:
"Catarrh is a local condition resulting
from a neglected cold In the head, where-
by the lining membrane of the no.se be-
comes 'inflamed and the poisonous dis-
charge therefrom . passing 'backward Into
the throat reaches the stomach, thus pro-
ducing catarrh of! the stomach. Medical
authorities prescribed- for me for three
years' for catarrh of stomach without
cure; but to-day I am the happiest of men
after;; using only one' box of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot find appro-
priate .words ito • express my good. feeling-.
if have -,'found : - flesh, appetite and' so and
restfrdm their use." ; .. ''•:" *,., •
w Stuart's Dyspepsia .Tablets Is the safest'
preparations as well r as theisimptest -and
most > convenient ; remedy; for. any ¦'form of
Indigestion, catarrh of . stomach. <;» bilious-
ness. ¦• sour • stomach, heartburn and bloat-
insr after, meals. .>¦*,.¦.';-.. p >• .y '
. Send :¦•• for; 5 little; book, mailed , free, on
stomacrr.troubles. by addressing F' -As
Stuarf Co.. -Marshall. Mich. • -The tablets
can be found at all drug stores. -¦ ;
¦
ZZ. We are making a strenuous effort to secure the liveliest sort cf Dress Goods and Silk Business by -^
85^ offering you unprecedented values in all the new and most desirable weaves. Every item a bargain be-
g— cause each is of standard merit. .. . "^
B K\ % Npw Wk RrpnMp Rhinp RRr. Yarrt 1 clinging drf.ss coods. 3
ZZ 0li£J n\j\l Olm UICPS UG UllliiG OJU IQIU It>s lmpossl b le t0 a it«'th» dictate, of fashion, even though
*f*~ ' , „. . _. , It catches some one unprepared. We guessed rlfrnt, and that's -^«
2_ An Immense purchase of the most popular ellk material now why we can offer you flne fllmsy dresa materials which make -^,
c~- in demand. A Quality that retails all over at II 25 a yard will these stylish soft, clinging costumes, and priced lower here :^
•— be *n\A here to-morrow at S5c a yard; In the very lateft colors. »i, an elsewhere . -.»..., .. Z^
g~ lnrtndlnir Cream. Light Blue. Cardinal. Pink, Gray. Bluet. Old , • _ , , -,,-"„« ..
s: R 0 .e. Re^ a . Mio. violet and Buck. , New All-Wool French MW, SHK Flnfsti, $1.00 Yard, rj
ll_... O^i:_ r...J T...!U~J r^..l«.J^ 43 inches ,wia«> in 20 new shade*, including Old Pose. Water- z^£ ',
ZZZ WPW \ PTin-r flPOfl I W I Pfl rnin«rnQ melon Pink, Cadet Gray. Reds. Reseda. Tan. LU'ht Hlue, leaven- ~JJ
5^ llCn Cullll lallSU IllUlCU rUUIalUOi der. Green. Bluet. Cream and Blaok. This material 'ijejt- fir |. 00
ZZ 250plec« newdeslfrna. the most complete collection In this cellent value at * L50 '' but our 1)rlce V Yard
E &™ v^^^^?£^^1^ n £^ N A ew A"- Wool Albatross S3.R0 Suit.
all fullv "4 inches wide at . r)jr« A new shipment Just opened of the most popular dress ma- _»
. - Tarii"«i "¦%«"?" Rl 2TI "«*i"oo «Lnd OOC terlal this season. Kxtra flne quality crepe flnlsh. in new shades — ••
g~ a «'*••»"• J P*-~»' v*.w """^ of Reseda, Old Ro.-e, Red. Tan, Lavender, Bluet. Navy. Light ;-g
v- 11 1 III • AMI ar M J Blue . Pink > Gray, Cream and Black. Extra value CQ-6i> -«•
m New Japanese Wash Silks 45c Yard. iMi^^^^^m^
*m~- 3vtwt oj>en*d. a direct shipment of 250 places of the choicest A i, wrw o a* inctt Ti^nr^tti. -Tt™ fln*' «i«ntv hieh tianna - -^
ZZ •!£* l£l- l\\ iJ ? «^K^HrJP!?ffJS?? in r «i!,fc^r mJ.J1 hrf?i" flnlfh, one of this feason'B popular dress,- and '.. waist materials;, ZZ
fc ?^J? S^'wlrfc ¥& V J£$ri«?^n »m P »? V«»^^2 >n new ehades of Old Ros^ Watermelon Pink. Tan, Cadet,
ZZ S: creea< k "** lte ua atl Whlt '- J 45C Re^da. Gray, Biscuit. New Blue. Pink. Cream and Lavender; ""•
g= ca^c* ; Yard -Xt»W B old everywhere at • |1 25.' Our price gj-OO rS
New Black Silk Grenadines, New ™
*^ „ '¦' Thousands of yards o£ the coming seaeon's very newest fine -^
~Z ¦ Our New Tork buyer expressed us fifty pieces of flne Bilk Black Dre«s Goods have arrived, such as Crepes, Sllk-warp
Grenadine. 44 lnche« wide, to be placed on special sale for the Crepe de Chines. Prunellas, Venetian. Broadcloth, Cheviots and _*a
g*~ first time to-moncw. They are the prettiest and choicest Henriettas, Xun'i Veilings, etc. — *>
f^ etyles we have had this season. Borne of them oomo in only - . ""*¦
m— one or twa dress lengths. Priced at C I ¦*» ¦
Yard«2.oo, »iJ50andOl— MONDAY'S GREAT BARGAINS. 2
75c Black Taffeta for Monday Onlv 54c Yd «^** wiae *»-™°j *** Venetian? e^JanV bi aC k. ROO d
IWW wiuurv IUIIUIU IVI IIIUIIUUJ UIIIJ UTU IU quality that retails at $1 6a Our price. Monday QO/> =^
Tot to-morrow only, we offer 600 yards gmulne Swiss Taffeta Yard wOv ' mmm .
mm- Bilk, extra flne quailty, hlrh. lustrous flnlsh, regular 75c value, 85c CHEVIOTS 63c Yard •
at 54« yard. (None .old by the full piece.) nch an .So;r^l,shCh%vi?tsBh™nk and sponged: rood r3
— /*., mm n m f it ¦ « • j«4 i <n ¦« ' ¦ quality at 85c. Si't-olal for Monday OQa. ~~~
E $1.50 Black Peau de Soie SI. 19 Yard. gSS^si^iiil^^ 3
Rlrh all-«llk Rlack Peau de Sole, a silk that will always E2-lnch Camel's .Hair ChevJpt. extra good quality, shrunk — *
••— rive satlffartion; regular $1 10 Quality. Here to-mor- C* 1 , 1 » nnd sponged, an excellent black; regular Jl 50 value. OQ/-» ~^1
row at Yard K> ¦ Monday Yard *J\J\*<
E HEW COTTON WASH FABRICS. WHITE 63QDS SALE, A SALE f F NAPKINS. |
ZZZ "The rrettlest wash groods In Ban Fran- Oi-er four months ago we contracted for I IUCM AUfl TIICVICU TOU/CI P '¦•^!
»~_ elseo." we hear from all sides. No wonder over »XIO pieces White GpoIb. such as Or- LlllCli H!«LJ I UntXlOil lUtlLLO *^
*Br~ we were crowded all week. Extra sales- frandles. India Uinons, Nainsook. Lawn, — c>
a- T>*^pl« have been enp&ged to serve you Dimities and Swisses. "Ill be the ppeclal attraction In our Linen — ¦"?
y better. * wr WA v-T FART V TU'STVESS HENCF 1000 dozen bought at 1-3 less
ZZ thpw i/nr PRK-n than regular price- enable- ui to offer you
B SPZCIAL FOR THIS WEEK. 39c ISksr^- &' • % '? m -""^"° >: ¦ 3
fc 25c DIMITIES AT 15c PER YARD. 8Jc 2S'",iS jM§& 14c WtmWlWM
A new shipment of 200 pieces to be J" ar d- ... " . ~£
m*— reared on pale Monday. Beautiful de«ipns f PZ/~, YARD— Fine quality India Linon,' OQr* KACH— Ertra flne quality Huck- —^
in pinhead dots, scrolls, stripes and flit- 1O^ 32 inches wide. Regular \-alue. 20c: •*««.»*-' aback Towels: all white, red and —^
«res. in pretty colorlr.ps of Pink. Light , Q VARD-Persian Lawn, a very sheer blue borders; size. 19iS9.
ZZ ™r- S* i%t - J 1 * 1 -J* vm *?' S^ Re ; t"C quality, 32 inches wide. Regular - =^^
S= WhUe "*• '' value. 25c. . QA r KACH-Turklsh Bath Towels. =3
•»— O^d/-» YART>— White Orpandy, a very -^T"** heavy double thread; large size, — *•
S~ nice sheer quality, 41 Inches 20x45. *-» — *S
•- 4.0P NFV/ MFRP.FRI7FD *"•• B«P«Iar value, S5c. . ' . ' . =S
*rUC HCrf BtnOtnimi dWIddCd PIECE-MO pieces m K llsh Long Cri.OS DOZEX-A11 Linen Damask Nao- =S
"*— * /5C A YaRD ®* Cloth, fully 26 Inches wide; a **> ' kins In very cholep deslfrns. fully —^
jj-- '^ « irrnui niefk quam y ; u yar ds to each piece. *» Inches square, sood quality. At, a ,r3g
a The best *elllnp material for elegrant Worth $1.75. dozen. '
m dre^feji or waists; a Fllk flnlsh embroidered — — — — — «•
ga^feissjsa 25c nSe/k^ sarLss^-i^o. 1^ &^^^*B1^S
5= Black. Regular valu*. 25c. For 1 Cks* dozen. =S
g— Monday Yard Ii/C
fc HEW SILK STRIPED GRASS LIO. — Special S»le of Sbiets and PHIowCssss. 2
2-" The riohe*t and scarcest material; but NFW WAI^T FARPIH^ A I' T a<1 ' of BOod Standard Sheetings. = 2
£ZZ h^re you always flnd the newest. Over " C " ""'"I IrtDPIUOt ready for use.
100 rl^^s have Just arrived. Some of B0 pieces All Wool French (summer Hemmed Sheets. Hemmed Cases. r*g
th«-m hemftltch*>d effects, a mercerized silk weight) Waist Flannels, in pretty stripes, 42c Size 54x?0 141o pize 43x3< -rt
Ftrlp^ runnlr.fr through them. Come and In medium and dark colorings; just 4."io Plie 6tx!«0 12'4c Size 50xM — ¦<*
Bee them. At 4) CZ opened. • The colorings are beauti- > 7'PS / -. nttv Sire ~°x!<0 i-, c klze S4xSS H^
S= Yard 5Oe, 4Oc and -iOC ful. Prtce Yard C OC fJ7«4c Size 81x90 '
1 NEW LACES AND TRIMMINGS. SPRING HOSIERY BARGAINS, I
A ereat irathertntr. Great selllnir of the newest 1901 Novel- Hhif ff TPft'c Aflp HnC3 Children's Lisle Thread Imported Hose tS, ;
S- ties. Lante variety cf Arabian a.nd Point de Venice Laces, UIIIIUItiH b <»Ul» nU5< V erj' flne -gauBe, lxl ribbed spliced ""• !
Collar?. Ileveres. Boleros and Jackets and the latest Parisian ef- TfiC rfllr ' heels,* soles and toes, warranted, fast HSi
recta in Persian Embroidered All Overs, Persian and Gold Passe- * ww ullt black; sizes 5 to 9>A. Reeular Iftn^. — •*
»*— menterie Trimmings. Persian Beltings. Gold Cloths, etc , <0c value. Special J. ."»..-..: .'.: Pair Z3C — •
eprriAi M A Mn >v • "¦ LadfBS* SLOO Un'fln Lat1les " Onelta Union Suits, bieh —2
•— SPECIAL MONDAY. LQU1C& * ,MV UII.UII OUIli neckp long Meews. ¦ ankle l-ncth. =2
f- QQr> EACH.— 15 dozen New Arabian and Venice Lace Col- KhC rSCll made of combed Pea Island rntton. —
•»— <JtJ\-' lars. in very choice designs. Worth J1.60. vvv •-">»"• i ace trimmed neck. n«- f» ST. -. — ¦•
•>- ular value Jl. Special at................ Each OuC "22
JT~ OC r YARD.— 500 yards Persian and Gold Beltings. In light ZlZ
f^_ OUv and medium ehades. Worth 75c. P.hiMrtn'c Tan HnCO Children's Hos« In new tan shades, full ""*•
g- -s UHIIUICII 0 ICII nUiC flnlFn eeams# double knees and double ZUL
'Q.ZZr' r>OZ.— 250 Kress Gold Soutache - Braid. Regular price, \Ar> pajr feet; sizes 5 to 8«A- Special at % A r> —••
mm— OCJ^ C5c dozen. "Jt IU1I « Pair I'T'V —^
| 1 A PHENOMENAL WAIST BARGAIN. OUR OPENING SALE OF SILK AND CLOTH "'"3
S5.50, S5.00 and S4.50 Waists DRESS SKIRTS, 3
5^ 92b48 CAvHi Our New Tork. buyer expressed us over <00 new Spring -^
. • . - Dress Skirts, no more than one or two of a kind. They are ~jt
y~ To close out completely our entire stock of Fine F"rench the highest creation of one of New York's most reliable man- t>
mm " Flannel Waists we offer you to-morrow about 300 that sold this ufacturers. Made ia the new graceful flaring shape, giving tne — *
F«?ayori ut $5.50, $5.00 and M.50. Your choice at ?2.4S. The figure that beautiful outline.'. They come In Peau de Sole,"' ZHS
S^ quantity not being very large, come early. The colorings ar* Taffeta, Grenadine, Broadcloths and Cheviots. You may de-' —*»
cardinal, rose, royal, cream, black, gray, heliotrope, pink and pend upon buying them for lets here than anywhere e!se *"^
light blue. • Come and see them. Prices range from 95 to $3O r£j
m _^ m^ . - —^. •_-•
20C LINING COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE. PROMPT ATTENTION. \ g^r y£ g^r{g||U
¦^ Qfj YARD Mfi'jn'Y -^
';.>% , ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The most concentrated form of nourishment for I
the strong, weak, healthy, sick, old and young |
Discovered by the eminent Chemist, DR. SIEBOLD H
• Endorsed by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW. H
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known ||
to medical science. H
H PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is |f
§ albumen in its purest and most natural form. £j
I PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food, |
H easily digested and immediately assimilated by the g
I most delicate system. \\
I PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the fj
y stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and U
m permanent recover)'. Q
j PLASMON is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any |l
« other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every m
3 dish palatable. f|
m PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food; ||
B added to other foods it greatly enriches their nour- 0
j| ishment. f J
u PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and g
| eggs. It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment g
1 known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment Q
I of one-quarter pound of the best beef. H
I PLASMON is. recommended by the world's greatest physi- H
I cians for invalids and convalescents. H
1 PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment. M
a For Sale at Leading Tfmggisis and Grocers |
I AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
S| Information cheerfully given at offices of Syndicate -\
|J 2O4 Crocker* Building. San Francisco 1
Vg \ WUJJ\ WILL RETURN TO ITS NATURAL C0LO8 fc^ $
g>^i if you use ft^v \i
CARTER'S SWEDISH HAIR RENEWER.K^vV
0^ «|A*A* 70R 5AIE BY AU DqoqqiSTS. %^ %
' ' price ?& cents, JLls;':'
A Hint to Ladies
] WHO APPRECIATE A
COMFOPT
-7-^V^ . - ALWAYS
1 ¦ ,'t- /J ) *^^ f)^&r*/ \^fy*'^^J JfCoFo'snoFsrofif jHundred rolls of new cftrpets arrived
end will be on sale this week only at the
Pattosi^n Co. at prices unheard of. Gen
uine' Smith Axminster carpets. In 35
patterns, JLOO yard. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. •
A Great Carpet Sale.
ADMINISTRATION WANTS
BECIPBOCITY TREATIES
President Is Reluctant to Accept the
Resignation Submitted by Special
Plenipotentiary Kasson.
•WASHINGTON. March 9.— The resigna
tion of Mr. Kaa»on as Spedal Plenipoten
tiary, charged with the negotiation cf re
proclty treaties ajid arrangements, was
placed In the hands of the President by
Mr. Kasson before he left Washington for
Florida yeeterday. Th© President has
withheld his acceptance, strongly urging-
Mr. Kasson to remain in the service of
the Government, and the matter la still In
While It Is true that th» action taken
yesterday looking to the extension of the
period of time within which the French
reciprocity treaty may b« ratified was at
the Instance of the French Government,
our Government coold not, of course, af
ford to disregard a request of that kind.
It is also true that it marks a determln
ttlonon the part of the administration to
renew the efTort to carry come reciprocity
treaties into being- at tn© earliest oppor
tunity.
CANTEEN'S ABOLITION
TEE CATJSE OP RIOT
CHICAGO, March 8.— Army officers at
the headquarters, of the Department of
the Lak^e express the opinion that last
night's 1 rioting at Hlg-hwood. naar Fort
gheridan. during which a number of ool
diers were injured, was due entirely to
the abolition of the army canteen. Gen
eral Otis. In cemmand of th» department,
said to-<Jar:
"I was strongly opposed to the army
canteen when first propoied, but from In
vestigation I found It worked so much
bftter than I expected that I was com
pelled to indorr* it. Under that system
the profits went to buy delicacies for the
men's tables. Now the men spend more
nnd the profit? go to the owners of pri
vate £ln mills."
Norwegian Vessel Missings
PHILADELPHIA. March 9.— The Nor
rregian steamship Krlm, Captain Irgens,
¦which palled from this port on January
23 for Vcra Cruz, has not since reported,
and grave- fears for the vessel's safety are
rntertair.ed. She has practically been
plven up as lost by her aj^nts here. The
Krim carried a cargo of bituminous coal.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate and they were all con
firmed :
To be members of the commission to
carry into effect the stipulations of article
7 of the treaty between the United States
and Spain: William E. Chandler of New
Hampshire, Gerrit J. Diekema of Michi
ran. James Perry Wood of Ohio, William
A. Maury cf the District of Columbia and
William L. Chambers of Alabama.
William E. Fuller of Iowa, to be Assist
ant Attorney General of the United
Stales.
H. B. Butterfield. to be Attorney for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin; Samuel W.
Stratton of Illinois, director of the Na
tional Bureau of Standards; Edwin Ver
sion Morgan of New York, now secretary
of legation as Seoul, to be second secre
tary of the embassy at St. Petersburg.
Navy — Frank B. Case, to be an ensign
on the retired list of the navy, formerly
& midshipman in the navy.
Army— Artilleiy— First lieutenants to be
captains : John P. Haynes, William L.
Lassiter. George Lee Irwin. Henry Toad
Jr.. Thomas W. Winston and Clint C.
Hearn.
McCalla Heads the List.
The President also sent to the Senate
the following list of naval promotions:
Captain Bowman H. McCalla. to be ad
vanced three numbers in rank from
March 8. 1901, for eminent and conspicuous
conduct in battles engaged in by relief
columns under Vice Admiral Seymour.
Ensign Daniel \V. Wurstbaiigh, to be
advanced four numbers in rank: Ensign
Charles E. Gilrin. to be advanced three
numbers in rar.k: Naval Cadet Joseph K.
Taussig. to be advanced four numbers in
rank earn for eminent and conspicuous
conduct in battle on the 2"th. 21st and 2-d
of June. 1900. while with the relief expedi
tion under Vice Admiral Seymour.
Naval Cadet Charles E. Courtney, to be
advanced t-lx numbers in rank for em
inent and conspicuous conduct in battle
en the SOtti, 21st. iid and 27th of June,
V*A, while with the relief expedition un
der' Vice Admiral Seymour.
Assistant Surgeon Thomas M. Llppitt,
to be advanced two numbers in rank for
eminent and conspicuous conduct in bat
tle in defense of the legations in Peking
in July, 2i*«0-
Payniast.r Henry E. Jexrett, to be ad
vanced two numbers in rank, and Gunner
Clifford K. Sheldon, to be advanced three
pumben in rank, each for eminent and
conspicuous conduct in battle on the 20th.
21«t and 22d of June. 1900. while with the
relief cxi>edition under Vice Admiral Sey
mour.
Major Littleton "W. T. Waller. United
States Marine Corps, to be advanced two
numbers in rank for eminent and con
spicuous conduct in battle on the 21st and
ZZd of June, IVjO, and on the 3d and 9th
cf.July, 1900, to be hrevetted a lieutenant
ccionel of the Marine Corps from July,
3900. for distinguished conduct in the pres
ence of the enemy.
Captain Meyers Advanced.
Captain John T. Myers, United States
ilarine Corps, to be advanced four num
bers in rank for conspicuous conduct in
battle when leading a charge on a Chinese
barricade, Peking. July 3, 1900, and to be
brevetted a major in toe Marine Corps
from July 20. 150% for distinguished con
duct in the presence of the enemy in the
defense of the legations in Peking.
Captain Smedley D. Butler, United
States Marine Corps, to be advanced two
numbers in rank for eminent and con
spicuous conduct in the battle of Tientsin.,
and to be brevetted a captain in the Ma
rine Corps from July 13, 1300. for distin
guished conduct in the presence of the
enemy near Tientsin.
Captain Henry Leonarti, United States
Marine Cosps. to be advanced two num
ber? in rank for eminent and conspicuous
conduct in battle on the 13th of July, 1S00,
at Tientsin.
Captain Charles G. Anderson, United
States Marine Corps, to be brevetted a
captain in the Marine Corps from July 13.
1900, for distinguished conduct in the pres
ence of the enemy in battle near Tientsin
on that date.
Second Lieutenant Wade L. Jolly,
1'nited States Marine Corps, to be brev
etted a first lieutenant in the morine corps
from June ?7. lf«JO. for distinguished con
duct in the presence of the enemy in lead
ing a charee in the capture of the east
arsenal, Tientsin., on said date.
First Lieutenant Arthur E. Harding,
United States Marine Corps, to be brev
etted a captain in the marine corps from
June 21, 1900, for distinguished conduci
in the presence of the enemy in battle
rear Tientsin on that date.
Lieutenant CleHar.d Davis to be ad
vanced five numbers In rank for eminent
arid conspicuous conduct in battle on
March 25. 27 and 23 and April 4, 1899, dur
ing operation* \rtth the second division,
Eighth Army Corps.
Captain George C. Thorpe, United States
Marine CorpB, to be brovetted a captain
la the marine corps from October 8, 1SJ9.
for distinguished conduct in the presence
of the ecemr at Novaleta, P. I., on said
das*.
Captain I>a.vid I>. Porter, United States
llarln* Corps, to be brevetted a captain
In the marine corps from October S. 1899,
for dlrMng-ulshed conduct in the presence
of the enemy at Novaieta. P. I. on said
President Also Names Commission to
Adjust Claims Growing 1 Out
of the Hispano-Amer
ican War.
Promotion of Army and Navy
Men Who Did Gallant
Work in China.
BRAVE OFFICERS
RECEIVE REWARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
17
THE EMPORIUM. I Tn^ EMP0BI1J1 ' L i THE EMPORIUM; • | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORiUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
»; \^ ' ° ¦ ", . ¦ ""¦¦.:.¦"¦ -_j_^ ' ¦ ' "" - - i>^>^ -• v • ' -- : * "* v.-— s. ; ; .. - -° - - -*- ,,-.' ; ..... - ... "" .* * ; .„-*
| • • " Spring and Summer Goods are here at pre-eminently popular prices. First inspection *
| of the completed stocks can be made this week. It will take many pleasant hours to see all of the new |
j; things that gree; the arrival of Spring. At additional j)leasure for the visitors to the big. store, both grown-up folks and children, will be the famous. Ms- "«
&: chanical Show of "Gay Ccney Island," which caused such a sensation when exhibited. during the holiday season list year. It has teen entirely remodeled 5
i and rebuilt and several new features added. It will open daily at 9 a. m.— Exhibition Hall, Second Floor; Admission Free.' . jj
i Dress Goods Display. &B9M*£ffBaB OnGnSnn f2z*W<r* l^f HE BBt&B+W Correct Summer Styles In *
I Monday's Great Sale of up&mng UayS-—iWEMiMMnGry 9 F/|fe Wa?h Goo^ 8a g
I 5Oc cheviots for 34c. gl Gioaks, Presses, Waists and I^s^^l^^S^S 1 ?
I&I Another rare Dress Gooas Bargain for Monday — About ;.• ¦ . . : . New«t Satin-Stiiped Grenad-ncs- -yard 400^700 -5
iy iooo yards of pretty mixed Cheviots, invisible plaid " jCVma H&$l§N4&§Bf9 l$&££*£toD* Thread Lace Tissues- fir. t showing— yarl 35o to BOO %
i|! - Cheviots, for school suits and outing wear; also some . * MMM%2 EVS ii&VL»BI 5K g WW%S€mm M _ Tiwuc^Ziphyrs and Leno Weaves— A 1901 production in fine ging- jg
* plaids and checks for children's wear; goods" that have .-> -/'^r- ' _____„ MaiSUjThite 'widc-nr* VoVrfngsHyar'd ' * ' " f 5% -5
I*. been selling rcgalarly at 50c a yard, will be on * ~ * (*f^\ **£& Jmm J^^ *~~ " NiW U en Fanc V Sui ( in 3 j-Pain coots, strip«'and broca^-(G ; r- *J
a; special sale Monday only 3*&G Dressmaking J&'iQkS m&Mk €?^^« '^rSS^ Ladles' Tailor H man J nake )— ? arJ 35o, soo x
i| Creoc Oelennc and Crepe dc Chine-Bcaut:ful new Spring Dr«s Department W&&J WW igS^fe % Department ."^5 Ik,_Not Mlk but c^l in a^arancc and in wear ; «
» Fabrics that are in great demand. They make particularly handsome f% 1 n 7\5 - f i tBP <& . 0% m n F, ,\?7 V " ",' *-••••;• P.am colon, fancy, yard, 3£7O m %
I*! ci.-uier or evening cottumn, and in certain shades rcry effect^ street' UpeMttgDay. /gX^ jHi ' ' ' h£5< ' Ofienlnff . Day* ' rcillardl-In tour cifferent grades and a Lrge assortment of each-per V.» «
jf. go.vns. Prices, per yard S1.QOtoS2.2S Mrs. A. R. Reyno'.ds, our new ry^S. /r-'EPlK. z£?&\ /C^tjk Mr. K. B^rct, our art«t taDor, D !jll""^i: •••;• •; -12}iO 9 16 *-$C, 35C, 4tiO :.,• j»
I SifH Prunella and Satin Vcnctierne-Our assortment of these highly. / r^ k - »•" . Vork, I . YSV /Vflfl; $ffiM\ i\\ j«« fiom New York, will .how d,- P-^-The very ces t dut,, n^c-in , large B f new.* J
h finished tprbg fabric; of French make comprise all of the beautimt "kesp easure in presenting miny \\ -A 1 V *$T I llffik % I I ' V \\ «?« of the finest tai.or w^r-t. H:s }\ J -¦¦ »¦ IZftO *
% coor asmtmenti lor spring and summer. No popular shale is miss models lor inspection. % MV^i I U II ' ; \ \ ' J- l2jJ ' work U 01 " ever y re? P* ct - . . ' J
** ing. For a very dresy street costum: there is nothing more des'r- * « J&T^JxTh-hitiV **1 \\ #siA k<>Ti&i * * — ' ' ' — * ritlG GinyhaiTtSm SJlCCtS — CSSOSm ~1*
I aUe - PHc " V $t'00tO$200 /M VS-ff MlSl Be,t American Seersucker, and m The good kind-well made, *
j** NewStri cd\Vaistin<s * 65O, 75O, 90c / iS Ltf I X\A t V^ I K IWI ! •«' "£** • Bleached Sheets, 54x90. .37tfo J|
IJ, Black Crepes and Etamines— PJain wool Crtpts, tiik and woo ./ \ & 8? B^ *S \ I /v//\W " '' Ginghams — Solid colon and Bitched Sheets, 63x90 4-3o J«
\% Crepe de: Chine and plain and striped Etamtnes have the call for the sea- ' bJ^-J . y> v>jL j l*i/ W ' Vv'' ' '/* : at&V 1 ' fancie? Sncludlng earnet French B eached Sheett, 73iox>. . . . SGO \L
I 2f ion for u'tra-ttylish bkek gowns. We are showing a very iarge and T&/JI11* diw 1 FY *Swr^V '/! 1VfTi1rr«AkY«V7 '' ' Bleached Sheets, 81x90... .55O J(
j£ carefolly selected stock and the b'g store's prices ars worth inve:tigat- lVlIllIllCrV >$$j -'WSy) fl Tl^^pl Ufw' ' lYlIllinCry •>'«, light blue, etc.— yonr pek Bleached Sheets, 90x90 60O X
I ing before purchasing elsewhere. Per vard . $1.25 to $2.25 ¦ J U&j '' " f/*^ i M i I / A/ ',''• iSS^/V of over 500 pie.ej-per yard Hemstitched Cajes, +5, 3 6f7«O -$
»; PriesUey's Black Oocds-Our stock shews a Jarge representation of jOwS >t I ' O/ S IfeOTlJI 1 / k\l/l' ' \%B$KA I \ I *o" " c:Tlst i uhed 5<=*Z* -20° J
IJ. this !amous ma'ter'i production,, panicularly cravenetted fa.rics; flnonflin tft^i VT feffSM/' fA'/ l " BMMfclSl flnPnTTld 10 ° Hemstitched Caes, 54x36^^0 ,f
\i cloths t^at are absdutd,^w^rproof; also Sari PruaeUu, Imperial Upgning Jg^^.'' i V W A -^ \ . ± PQ^M^f Up^ailig ~ > ZZ~^ ' "5
•T TwLLs Ermines, Cheviots, etc.^ Per yard.^/. 25 tO $2.0 O -~j2^%jV\ \ / M ES'i' \ f \W¥H2&** ' "v: ffffilV Spnttff Veiling* J
iJ : Mrv*»ju /l'\ ; v V4§ H \lT \J \ M/^«/j^Tr Our tuyen rashcd forwird b y "p 1 *** from New York »< Tcral hundred «
!$ FOUlasdS and Grenadlit*S* I^lOIlUay, iB'-'V^ W H \IJ,± \=dfel^4. iHOnUay. !«««•«» th « «w «yl« of VeLingfor Spring and Summer, which :>•
» rUSSMca*-*a9 maw*** VIW bfftitfin^Si »/ }^.V^^^—^& /Sa fpWw^V* 11 wit be shown this we:k for the fir t rims. Double Completion Veil- iS
I & The two most popular silk dress fabrics for the coming spring and sum- l?sS ! ** * >^*^^j^'**~"^^^ l _£$\_j^^^ k '^^^i "' jj. ' n S w ' r^* Te > vet »P 3t j Spiler Web Veiling w'th beauty spots; Go'.d Spot
! tC mcr - c contro. th: test designs in PojlU'ickt* PflCO ST ¦ A.' .j-y'l^Xi, 1 y^^- Veiling; Novelty Tuxedo Vei irgj; Embroidered Spot ChirTon Veil- ' {»
2C Fcul trds this city. The satin-finish Foularis being in greater ferS^— __ . _ _» .*«'.•.«¦ ings, etc., etc., at pricei varying per yard 25O to jf.OO 5
i * demand than the twiii this season, we offer over a hundred different de- Opening Day Opening Day Opening Day Opening Day : S
\ K figns in the correct colorings. Our Grenadine «ock consists of U a f SpQOiaU DrCSS SpeCIS?. < WatSt SpSCialm Waist SpBClalm Mffffi^ IdaUnB Does away with the use of 6ce pow- "5
,g ahrgev,_,e:ycftmp«,plaic > andbrc<ad t s,str !F sb=in ? mcstm^^^ E« ¦ Manih Hats; d* Swa.ger new Eton Dresses; al col- A speoial lot of colored and black High Art Silk Waist, for afternoon Fat% Z n*Z!Lm* at once, and b invisible. >C
* Z4-mchFoulard-pcryard. 75 O to Sf-5O ' cri and all sizes; twe-ty swell Sil k Tafeta Waists; par ticu.r.y ind evening wear; excise 'fCC breSfff* We highly recommend it, _-. • •*
I £ 44-nch Grenaam — per j-ard $ t.Qj to •-«o» . highest nove.ty, tnm we .^^^^ _ j Frcc Rotun< j a . £00 j
I £ med wlth I**" 0 ul Sllk P u 8 aree i othtrwVs they would have to b: tucki -g; aU the new shades and and st/le; assorted sizes; we can- : : • " _ X
j» Satchel BaSKett SalCm regular price $2.50; specia'. for sold for much more money than b'a:k; price after to-morrow notfxpect to have such values g*§m m gmM 9 f% _» = {r
*2 « Save a third ot more on Satchel Bas- Monday only. .. g** m- *- °«' >n'ro- Ct^O. t%n * 6 -5°> Monday _ Q w lattr on; open- — _ t# flff If #•©!! S G&pS SUitl ' Al 3«
ft* ,^A^ kets to-mcrrow.. We pace on sale rive j»J«#O ductory price mfr&OmUU ony. ing sa'e price. &l^***9 LadiCS UttdCr 'fflUSHn £¥» * "5
Jk a /?"* ->>^ s'zes of these nice light satchels so con- 0 ffllf MdL* • *W* tf 43"&k B 4LH ** O««V.*«~. tL*« 5r
I mSKk =,^rs,---- Spring Novelties in Boys' Clothing. Sp *?** Sa <l%%, 1L. s
1 ».^"-!- '«« A Hundred New Bd&as in Juvenile AWre. Sf| i \ S k !rEH^ !^^^
I fc . ' ' ->-i^- ia m. 30o '/ , -^gg We^are now showing nearly 300 styles in Boys' Clothing, some of which our patrons say are the prettiest they ) vl || ILW each —^edL Monday I 5
;JJ 16 in. 50c Baskets 3Sc iS in. 65c Baskets "'.".'. 5 Ic have seen in town, and we are confiaenc that the same qualities cannot be duplicated elstwherc at anything like our prices. X |^l[;||/ only....'. 18c Vp-^V\ ] \'p/J •
; W Among the novelties received last week are: Boys' Wash Sailor Suits, 75c to $3. 00; Russian Blouse Saks, from $3. 9 5 /4^^iiK^ Lad |" Cors:t Ccv:rs— \~fj%S (^
Rogers' $2,50 ForkS §1.66* t0 S7-5o; New Style Saior.Suits, from £3. 95 to $7.50. Below we illustrate and quote prices of four .representative and^e^«gdSy 35c 7bT ! tt ( •'
|J We have just ioo stts of Wm. A. Rogers' Tripe PJated Forks, guar- values in OUT Juveni e Department: 2«j each— specal Monday J 1 1 % "5
fc* ant .-ed rull standard pu:e silver on 21 per cent nickel si ver base, and RvSSian BlOUSC Suit Made of fine quality • Sj~~\ BoyS* 3-pfCCe Vest Suits Consisting of round- Cor- onJy 25O ¦ -J»
» superior to ail ether goods having a similar plate. The regular price serecs a nd cheviots in blues, browns, reds, J&» ' ne ed sack coat, double-breasted ' ., Ladies' Atasllii Oownv- «,
fors<tof6 lslz.co; our special price on Monday lor -_ —. °^6« """ v " w *. ./. _y * J£b^ j 1 j r Embroidery and hemstitched tnmmng— new good* just received — .
i these 100 sets, «c^ . . . . ... §1.86 grays and tans. Trousers cither plain or 1|* *t S^S v «t and' knee pants; made of regu!arly / Ias eacn _ specia i Monday only.... 3. 95o g
** . —JJ. ": knickerbockers— suits that exclu- ..,., vfWJl 1^*7 >^\ - strxt'y all-wool chey- ; ;
j: Embroidery Sale Monday-- ll%t^urSL^r f l^. /7^ / <^^> v u^) ¦ Leather Goods Novelises. >%
*: About Half Import Prices* •••• O^ %T-*» /y * • hi^p7\ -.»»«.;««• for boj no Our s; 5tock of Goods^ new>
tf -To-morrow only we offer a manufacturer's line of first quality Cambric *p-Wm*0%* "&%. /A S> I I Vj. I \ -' Vr^K " f\" shapes, patterns and colorings, will be shown &r :J
*; and Nainookembrodery— not the common schiffli work, but high T/%<€n # «,, , , W/ \ >» ¦ j tLj • /*/ I \ #C H7 > €tK \A th 5 first time to-morrow^ .«
S double brca^a (1 JJf&MTli MJ s^T O ' «.'S5. ISSu'SL-??. . !?W3& :: ?
g vc /. ts ' the r 7 cst #s£Wr V^f D^/'l/ \Via/ U»ji!iV • autS — A bpnng Chain Purse Ba g *-Ooze Calf, in grav. 75c. %
X <Zz*tc% 5So,^B*fr>^^ tr>~*** M :~U4~ BTS~ and most genteel cut Bfiuaa^tf- V 1" 7fY LjO' novelty fcr boys «ifi. i. waina Skin, 75o. Genuine Seal, i ~\X
g sale Peerless Gas Lights, Etc* »«<» p«fe.t nrung. of, : \ \ //I' i nxf TTT 3 to IO y ea "; : *» ffiffiH. wih pocket, ,5/.25. Genuine ooS -5
To introduce our new U. C. A. double- f=» 'vT^f TIf ' - T^W" 5 // ¦' Ifl _-„ i il I ° f " J » IWM^^WS Cajf, with pocket
l framed, heavy w. mantels, w c w. sen 5& . 'SSr« 4^^
fc: on Monday only a complete 8 S c Tght to -^^(i^^v I"™ 3 ' youVe paid TTO Jp^i'lF^^ Ui "** l/t embroidered shield,, V^ Al -U|yiy3l jhaies, 7 So. 1. Walrus Skin, "J
|K atu:h to gas fixtures or portable lamps, " "Wfll^ J7.50 for suits of this_ - , UL*c^^. i// * "> - / I . / / very petty suit, we rth 4, - f pretty shades, 75o» Genuine AUi- JC
jS : conning cf burner, large combination ffl . grade - our pr:ce. .. //(=--. 'I- W «H—-— >f. Ir-- - J 6 oo-marked by «he . * ga«r .^/.25 -«
» rM™-. »j, ? j «i l 1 rav I *?* /fl m EE* >-^•?#=S©'pv.^o-. IwCk^ =. Ls\ /•' /^t-^^W ; big store Njw Strao Purses — As illustrated, with handle on top and burton stra? •
5 f TT/ , no , v y VSy ¦ $**'95 ~ J^^^^^M^^^^^,-^^ Gsi a* i/,^5. w.r« p skin, 5/.25 5
| If fiuted shade— and our celebrated U. C. A *W?' • V V7 <&& Genuine Alligator $1.59 *
& ioo-candlepower mantel— com- 7S& B — ».-«,j* M/A0~~. ~ m. M— ' ' :: 17j* rfT» /Mk ' - ¦ - .., Ladies* Jacket Pursts — Grain Leather or Alligator, 25Gm Genuine -S
| ! " 63 O V: f, Last Week of Our Great Giothing Sale.
S r^^^^ rrt ca Monday only.!.. WC «,„•, $,2.50 tatk Suits-AU-wool Cheviot, m i c»;m tra hn t w Boy.- $3.50° School sX-N.t".!' w«.l /.bri ImiuU putmPxWtOOks ficm ft.OO 1$ FrM of $
vSfM&&] •S«a%«ialwicrof^cp^do«n Men's $15.00 and $17-50 Sack Suit5-In Worst.-ds, Oxford Vicuna, P an Vnn 9 ? ?*"' • • $1.OS " ' 3IJ • S
; -j^f M^-,L-J lilill^^^^^^ P^P^IfeiSfiS 2 <>° Or*** Linings-120. |
& 3 ofonedozen f^C? .....^/f.^O double brea<tjd ve ts— for - . ~ ¦ E '«« %/? A fpecul buy of about Soo yarJt of 33 -inch Black Brocatel Sk&t 5
i Men's all-wool Pants— Made o: good back cheviot, warranted no: to Boys' $7.50 Lcng-Panti S:ih-W^li mads'and'niUlV trimmed— 'for Lining in two new pattrrn* of brocade, worth regu'arrr »oe #^ j,
? P&jamas Special— 9 7c np> not palr ~ " ' • • J 5 } ¦••¦¦•¦ •..•..;...'..... . . . . . . . v. ..... ..... $4,95 a ***> °° Momuj oni T . 7 2c • $
I Many Attractive Special Offerings of ' Chinese Bazaar. \
% Carpets, Rugs anil Furniture. g^.Qm^to<^^h*T**>.. |
* ¦ " This is the last week ofthe Carpet Sale. Hundreds of rolls cf the best grades of Carp« : manufactured in this IS^O 1 * P "? '^
* GolOfBd Shirts R3t* season's patterns have been reduced one-third or mere to close out at once and make room for incomine SDrin?" stock ' " San if anclsco "S Chinese and j«
S A -ik, r m? , m f cu- You havebut six lcft t0 takc advanta S e of this saIc - M now or miKe vp yaur mind to ITi >pan«e Department in tlus store i, ca«l 7 -J
* A special bargain for Monday only. Men's fancy stiff bosom Shirt?, . . - . . .. , T . _ ¦ • ¦ t o' v H juui iuuiu 10 pjy rejUUT priOS. /J.f'J the finest; The rare ivories curious brie- '2*
£ with cuffi to match, in the newest s'pring styles- 6 3 c. Th-y are a Axminster Carpe!s-a vtry extens ve 1 -n: of Tapestrjr Brussels -an 'assortment of styes I The 50c per vard grade ths week 3D~ ifa®^ t 1 ne rare IVOIieS, CUXIOUS DHC- £
5> sample line from a well-known manufacturer 'and the cheapest shirt in new and original designs and. colcr erFects and colorings that cannot te Guplicated on th: | ' Ingrain Art Squares— Tust the " thing to a"/ Wxf/ffl a-brac, carved ebonies, embroidered Sllfca, ,%
*• the Io: fa worth $i.oo-mortot them the $i. S opafej 26 ffO from which to choose) standard, ¦ h'gh^nJe ? SSt '™ a j! S ' San^d & Sons, Arrut.r- under your dining r.bm tab e: " \M% beaunfbl dcuonne ware and canos from til, " J
I d0ZenOnly;Ont ' !et0 - mCrroW ' eaCh 63C carpets from ,he best manuractu., reguar- tS, Vol'per yard grade, t h, week. .. .75o JE& " ntiJSrTisS lS!*££!ZZi lj
J- ly 15 per yard; this week only The 9 =c per yard grade, this week. .. ..tfUO ¦ ¦ 'J**"*,T 3 " 4 y ••*»*¦« « '^^^^C town without viSring this beantirul Bajaar. Goods «J
*: Sa/0 Of f#a#r Switches. • • • • • • Oi * U , 6^ ' C : yard *" dc » this wc:k • • • • •*£ O Straw Mattin^j-Japanese Government hand- \ \\ i« nurkel b pain figures at surprisingly low pricea, J
J - AU shades of Brown, best quality hair, on special sa'e Monday and Body Brussels-made by the Lowell. & Whit- j^ 1 " ; styles and color- , made cotton warp contract mattings, >g g^ Beth native and Amer can dexk, in" a^ndanc.. j
JC T^vonlv at tne~ greatly reduced .prices, alfco regularly P-r „ QQ tL 75c p:r yard gra >, tF. week . . . . . O Al Vl Su t^ J^ V -'^ DAain HcOT-^a^EaSt Side. |
af 5S Switch, 56.00 Is Switches. *3.5O $3 S*itches.^2.UO . •. , e have , J ust ¦ completed several large purchases of new, reliably m^de and finely finished Farnhure, at prices R/JomfaV BOOK SpedalSm $
* JaSwltche, $UOU much bel<W^^ marker value, and herewith >quo:e figures on several lines each of Bedroom,. Hall and Dining Room Furni- "The A'abaster Box '-By Walter B.sant-puUished at __ \
tS Blonde, Gray and Red Hair Switches «t equally reduced prices. ture, that cannot bs duplicated this side of ths Rocky Mounaains. ' V • $1.50— on fpeca' fale Monday only • QSC %
$ Hair Dressing and (Manicuring Purlot s-(Main n^^w^^^ Thl th '« - i^e This' Golden Oak Hat Rack-w-th a French A " A « atha Wtbb^'r^ y /""% I?tfheriae Grren -P ub:islled IJ 75* $
£ -¦«>; i/AW/A U finiK '/ g M ", ° ' ov "* hoe # bjx a " d^breU,-nand attached- C av The Duchess CraHctt: Brorte, Wilkle Cofos, Edna Lyall, "5
S §y.5O lace Curtains $1.21. BpZS^ flWffl S '^t -SS ..^.f^^^fti*^ |
|l Ony 1 50 pain jn thj« i spiciaUy bought lot of heavy linen effect Curtains, -iflN^m^r^I^ 5^! \U<======^jJf P lale is an ex- Gcldea Oak Hit Rack— a 'arrer -i« t -an th- « 5 «« - -I .- l * "^
fc - 54 a, 6o inches wide. There are four patterns, the very newest P!Si=?5==! ; 1 f^M^^, " W ' U!: at the one descr.b a above— has fa~cv shase 'Fr-nch \ '#iffit GrQCCrtGS 3120 LS^UGT'Sm '2
X trring iceas, and at Monday's prw ore of the kst curtain bar- ' f ]pg^^^«r reguar prce, -$25.00; • beve'ei mnor 18x24 inche*— wor h S17 00 ¦ W/M'i » n t ' c n J .v fi «
gains the Emporium has ever off red. Our every-day _ _ _ _ l^^^b-^ on fpecial sa'e ;th's _ 8pcci J ,hij week * &*** -T 2 f£^ i HmS— B est Eastern Sugar Cur:d, the Very finest f A J
§ fi-SPprrpar Cnrtjins— MonJay &Ib21 j s^^^ I f____~ l^^^° } we<;k -.......¦-. " ' " " ' 9**Sm *& h ; ' r,'v hams obtainable; special Monday enly, per lb. M^& &
§ $18,75 -':i*^^S^ : Qusrer:d Oak' ttSl^'^^r^ String Btan5-B«t qua icy, new pack; Moniay, 3 tin*........ 3 7© $
1 jail M «^s-' SHBii^lMMilB: 1
tf >^^*-^^^^i3 The new straw hat for men, either share F.ench pate ' III Jwge French 'tevelelxfe W W.shinj 3oca 5 iw.. ........ ... :; *fO .5
mM^^^M^ smooth or rough (raid, with pain mirror, 24^ inches, and s.-ve-lfrontc-rw- _ J «oj. P / ( /.l e ge mirror -worth W Sfc WotS-V.ctory Brand, peeled solid pack, 3 lb: ttt; special Mon- ¦$
i \L^AM&2*'$mb blue or black band, or with th: rr, ; a good va>e at our reguar ..price, f^^gK,^) *3O-oo. y>.. *»•;¦ \\[^g^V'I?f , , d Z ""b' V CV 'tV " " ' -i n" ' ' M' * * \ 25o $
t- fancy pugarees «, c 00- o , e p cial sa> _ ' jm . j : g^J r --^'---^v'-<^->--7 r^->s-- f °" , iVg^^S^-y,,/ W'f shing Povder— Cudihy's D.amond C, I lb. package; 4 tor. 2 ? O
I 5s / e /^otfo^^^/o supplies. WSiim W=b& SSS§SJsH& J^^^? i^^^ir :^ I
tf TT.eEmporiurnDevdop!n S andRriat:n S 0-ynt,contSgaUcfthe W t.V. ' «« l^^^^j. | "T\\ i^ V.^SS^ X^* '^^M ™ b " de » Mon^ oaiy.g3 0 *
* aide es nectssary f.r dcvelo F ing and printing photographs-rrguarly Wfck •••••• • • ¦ • ¦ »«*«»3 C# T^F^U^^ h - | ) l V V : and durable-special this week '~~~ ' ~ ~ *
* : fc 5 u~ on 8pecil1 Me Monday ony - Ccmp ' e ' e «y • l" s ? rld ? Oak lffnie: t7 3 i J^SB^ ' ¦•.-*- •- -.V V:.;-._^ _ ._. $1.85 Sale Ice Cream Freezers. .J
t» Outlt dffVd inchct wde, 5 draweis, well , con.' ructso and ¦ ,. 1^^;^' u . ........ ,_¦»-_ ........ ..... . "**¦"
5 Hypcsalphile tf Soda— the new ptocsj granu'ated Hvpo-* - _ We place or. sa> Monday only, »t the very b gin- "5
tf tepidly ioc rcr lb— sped d Monday, enly £?£* th's week . . .. ®9mOU 't^M=i^^ ...... '"""" $3*50 n '" 3 ot I-e aCim ICl '° n> ° ne ct £ T^^^^ 1 •
g -111' Golden Oak ihifforier— 6 dnw,rs, 36 'hsa^^M^] r '.'." '' 'i^V^rL V'" Vj'"."'"' 1 '. Le Oeam Frezers' manufactured ai fiily a |TTj.i '5
£ • • inches wwe, drawers furnished with guide to SgJSS'rf^ls'l Golden Oak Dining Chairi— 3 s P ndlej in front -brace arms , OJ ,^ quart r less than, regu ar prlcej. th:se F.etz-.rs \\11 . V j |jf V S
** CUrt^ii Dep't fflSYelfieS r» rnt thrm " lting out °*" t - rJer: •' a gr>len<i!<1 • ¦ !! . -V«» I *'.*«''<»1'..-... :....:.•..;.....:. »OC have the ¦fce-.t tea.oned cur tubs, gUvan« ; d \Jl "2
I ;^j^^<^;^a :^^ »|^ I (I J
g tain, tha; .we have ever owned. The price, wiil be found e xtr, m M y , M ' "•'• .- • • ' .!*Y a *"¦¦ .¦ *- , .,...;. We a.very speca va^ue at ta» W e.kt price, each. .... ..^^, ZO . acting, fim^Iai FirLca. HI §J 5
Jl f/r such fine qua ni-s and handsome patrcrr.s. .- _— - gu& m*-;-.* vr. - > <m agj.- q^j - — _ _. — _ ¦'.-,»_ * i^mt*. mm ' ., . .^ ,~ ¦/ j. '- - _- . : ¦ • " • '- «
£• Muslin Curtains.. $f. GO Pr. G.-nuipe Cable Net $3.75 Pr aiUBiSMO *jg g« ffftjfi fa^fcwBS gTm| W Pi tB 1X1 .^ GO~Gart 3-Quarr, <!2.0O size— Monday $1,54 *
? ££l*£Sl:^S: oit;™t^v, f if;gg F p :. : Soolr/V-ee | gfflf ''Elflfi*VKlH iiH Parasols. 4-6^,, sz e -Monda y ...... g /. 8 7 . g
* ioo pa;rs of heavy R ps Porticr:-, the fame on both she', throw- over Our large Sprng .Cita- . S& t£a mV fr,. f , -...^_ j« W3 W^j'^H r . • • - : _^ : . . ,„ 3— _, .^
lringr,.top and bottom. The e Ponierei are 3 yards by 50 inches, and loguc now in F re s, 1^^*^ &Wfr4ii Il-V H "' P " S BlGVGlG FOOt PtlfttpS 32Cm '$
I :,.v^.*«*aW«&;««* — CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE VS.^O«^on^c^^^^.: U :.:V^ |The Delaware Legislature has closed with a • bang, leaving; the : State without a representa
tive in 'the. Senate and;Mr.,Addicks:in thetposition of a^dos:, in the /man per ' • :
Eastern society notes announce that the popular game of the smart set this summer is to be
"squash tennis," which is described as an American" form of the old- English game of racquet, and a
half-brother to handball.. It: is said to be already in high favor in New York and Philadelphia,
and is expected to rule the roost at Newport. ':[ ,.. \] ; ; :
THERE is some rejoicing in the country because Senator Carter talked the river and harbor
bill to death. The garlands that' adorn Carter are contributed by those who oppose the bill
and the immense appropriation which it carries.; But these people have more -bouquets than
logic. Senator Carter did not lay. the bill in a grave dug by oratory because it appropriated too
much money, but because it did -not appropriate more. His project for expenditure of Federal
funds was not in the bin,1 therefore he slew it, and it died and is dead. There died with it all the
appropriations for Pacific Coast harbors, most, of them, sorely needed, and for rivers which serve
to regulate transportation* for a large majority of our Western people. Senator Carter wanted
several millions f or irrigatibjn, with; several millions ; multiplied in future bills.
As far as concerns irrigation, the arid West, is deliberately destroying a resource that could
accomplish niore than direct appropriations. If the stock ranges, which are now being destroyed,
were leased and preserved, their rental would' immediately produce ten millions a year, and that is
more than Senator Carter will get per year in the river and harbor bill during this century and
the next. That money devoted to irrigation in the States and Territories where, it is derived will
start irrigation and keep it going \vithout appealing to the- Federal treasury for a dollar.
Such a policy would save; our river and harbor improvements. It would save the stock
ranges and it .would also' economize Senator Carter's r c6stly breath'. SISSS
THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
It is to be hoped the notices sent out will have the effect of so stimulating shipments
of exhibits as to enable. those in charge to have California's exhibit in place and in good order on
the opening day. It is safe to say that many States and many private exhibitors will be unpre
pared on that day, and consequently we can make a strong and deep impression at the i tart
by being ready at the word go. ...
The opening of the fair coincides with the inauguration by the transcontinental railroads
of a policy of promoting the immigration of home-seekers to the Pacific Coast. Cheap rates, are
to be given to such excursionists from the East to California. That in itself will be an inducement
for many persons to visit the State, and if to it be added a comprehensive and well-displayed ex
hibit of California products at Buffalo, the number of people and the amount of capital attracted
to the State during the summer and the fall ought to be very large.
It can hardly be necessary at this, late day to remind the people of California of the
importance of the enterprise. Reports from the East are to the effect that the exposition will be
not so much for spectacular display* and public education and entertainment as for the purpose of
promoting business. While the aim of the enterprise is primarily to augment trade between
the various countries of this hemisphere, it is recognized that a great deal will be done to increase
trade between the' States of the. Union. Our great market is the home market, and. whatever we
have that is likely to find customers within the United States ought to be among our exhibit-;.
PUBLIC attention has been already directed by The Call to the fact that notice has Leen
sent out that all California exhibits intended for display at the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo must be at the ferry building in this city by next Friday. The exposition is
to be opened on May r, and as it is desirable that the California exhibit shall be complete in every
respect on the opening day, there is no time to spare.
THE BUFFALO EXPOSITION.
The only character of human Interest in
the play is Selysette. In the last act, be
lieving that she has lost her husband's
love, she determines to die and throws
herself from a tower. She tries to make
Aglavaine and Meleahder believe that her
Other adjuncts, stock-in-trade of the
Maeterlinck drama, are • not wanting
Something deformed or uncanny must cf
course be there and this we find in the
shape of a paralyzed old woman (Mell
grane); the usua"l "enfant terrible" ap
pears in Little Yssaline. The hero (Mele
ander) has a tolerable opinion of himself
and a wordy admiration for the beauty
of holiness and the holiness of beauty;
he is supposed to be (dramatically) cap
able of inspiring with deathless devotion
two good and beautiful women: yet, .upon
inspection, he turns out to be little more
than an inmate escaped from some neigh
boring Malson d'Allenes. For proof— a«
the husband of Selysette he Is dutifully
in love with her. but at the same time he
is In love with Aglavalne. Now. if for the
sake of argument, we stretch a term and
allow with Balzac that a man can actual
ly be in love wit\ ;-vo women at once, we
must certainly contend, as did he and
Captain Macheath, that the sight of one
dear charmer will drive away thought of
the other. Could any fact In human na
ture be clearer than that?
But M. Maeterlinck will not have it so;
he makes Meleander say to Selysette
(act III, scene 1): "When I am near you
my thoughts are of her, and when I am
by her side it i3 of you that I think" (!).
Did Selysette resent this? No. Did
Aglavaine? No. They both took it as a*
compliment. • * * Such beings exist
¦ not in the heavens nor in the earth of
which we have ken; they exist only in the
diseased imagination of a decadent
whose system Is poisoned with the mala
ria of Belgian canals and French sym
bolism.
Ah, he Is a rare fellow, this Meleander!
Behold him in the second act:
MELEAXDER.
(Taking her in his arms)— You are beautiful. !
Aglavalne.
AGLAVAIXE.
(Throwing her arms around him)— I love you,
Meleander!
MELEANDER.
Is it you who ar« cryinr. Aglavalne?
AGLAVAINE.
No, it is we, Meleander.
MELEANDER.
And la it we who are trembling ?
AGLAVAINE.
Tes.
(They kis« each other. A cry : of pain Is
heard through the foliage and Selysette Is
seen, all disheveled, flying toward the castle.)
Imagine the mentality of a man who
doesn't know whether he or the lady or
both are crying, and observe the cheap
old device of the Overheard Conversations
to bring about the complication. • • •
But let us proceed. Meleander follows
his wife and thus squares himself with
her (act IIU:
MELEANDER.
Oh, my beautiful Selysette! Were an ansel
from heaven to float into my arms. Into the
plac? that, is yours, I could not lay bare ray
soul more profoundly than 1 do to you. Whether
she (Aglavalnr) po or stay, the will have shown
m» where your beauty lies: she will have taught
me to love "you at last as I never yet have
loved. Our love lifs far above ourselves. Sely
fette; there where we loved each other we are
pure arc! beautiful, and there, too. do we meet
you. and fcr seme time now, thanks to you, we
have no longrer had to leve you without seeing
vou Come, give me your lips. I kiss you on
your foul to-night. Selysette. Come, midnight
Is rtrlkins. Let us go and Fee whether Ajtla
vaine's dream be still weeping thrcuch her
sleep.
The psychology of this passage Is as
muddy as Its phraseology. How. for ln
stame. can Mellander be passionately in
love with Aglavalne and at the same time
be taught by her rapturously to love
Selysette? What do these phrases' mean:
"There where we love each other we are
pure and- beautiful": "I kiss you on your
soul": "Our love lies far above our
selves"? Can real men and women talk
this way and escape' the Commissioners
of Lunacy? Nowhere, let us hope, except,
perhaps. In Belgium.
This, it seems to me. is really the
banner figure of decadentism: "Hair that
can smile or weep, be full of life and be
tray beauty." is an image whose glory
makes pale by comparison those famous
lines of Dryden's on Lord Hastings
smallpox, which have . heretofore been
generally received as the standard for
this style of writing:
Blisters with pride swelled, which through his
flesh did rprout
Like rosebuds, stuck In the Illy skin about.
Each* little pimple had a tear In it
To wall the fault its rislne did commit:
Which, rebel-like, with its own lord at strife.
Thus # made an insurrection 'gainst hl9 life.
Or were thei>e Kerns sent to adorn his skin,
The cabinet of a richer soul within?
T N his most recent play. "Aglavalne
I i and Selysette." M. Maurice Maeter-
I. linck has some fine tragic Plages,
I ¦ interspersed with [ others ? urd
A enough to have been written by Marie
Corelli or Mrs. Browning. ™** c ™ e ' ° s [
course, is the inevitable Maeterlinck cas
tie. with the ruined tower and the plasn
Ing wcter. This much premised, we nat
urally look v for the introduction of tne
heroine's hair and are not <" sa PPolnfed
here it comes, described by the hero eariy
in the first act: '•'. . _
"As she Is happy or sad. so does rier
hair smile or weep, and this even at times
when she her32lf scarcely knows wnetner
she should • be happy or whether sne
should be sad. » • • I have never seen
hair so full of life. • • • It would be
constantly betraying her. if betrayal it
could be to reveal a beauty one fain wouia
hide: for that is all she ever has. to hide.
AX OLD DATE— Subscriber. City. The
4th of March, 1S64, fell on a Saturday.
CITY OF. CHESTER— Inquirer, City.
The City of Chester was sunk in the Bay
of San Francisco in a collision with the
Oceanic, August 22, 1SS8.
ENGLISH DESERTERS— S. C. G.. Oak
land. Cal. The death of Queen Victoria
did not act as a free pardon to men who
deserted from the BritUh army or navy.
The new sovereign, Edward VII, may is
rue a proclamation pardoning deserters,
but he has not done so yet.
SNOWFALL. IN* BAN FRANCISCO-A.
S. and others. City. The following la the
record cf snow in San Francisco since
March 1, 1S71:
January 3. XST6— Light mow fell for 19 aiin-
UW--P. • ¦ •» i
I>*-e«?Ti:b»T SI. 1SS2— H<-«vx enow fell from ll:S0
m.. ni. to 4 :Z<> p. m. : amount. 3.5 Inches.
February 6, 1SS3— A few flakes cf enow fell
djrlr.f the <".ay.
February 7, ISM— Snow fell at Intervals dur-
Jnjr the day. depth varying from 1 to 2 Inches.
F>bruar>' £. 1"" — Snow fell durlns- the day:
dejith at offle* J.7 lnchea, while In the western
j>ortion of the city it w*s fully 7 laches deep.
January 1 1SSS — A few flakei of enow fei!
durtnc the day.
January 1C, lSt8— IJght scow fell to the depth
cf 0.1 lr.rh.
March 2, 1S9<— A' few fiakca cf snow fell dar
irg the day.
March :. l^G-Snow ni'.xed with rain fell at
interval* <iuriTiR the £ay.
March 3. 1S1-S— Hwvy enow f»Il durinsr the
r.iph:; U-j tl» at IV either Bureau at b a. m.. 1
inch.
TO MEASURE HAY-Nevada, City.
'Any rule for ascertaining' the quantity of
hay in a stack or mow by measurement
is necessarily approximate only. In
large Flacks that have been standfbg long
enough to settle well 224 cubic feet make
a ton. This is a mass 4x9x9 feet. In a
email, low stack or Email loft it takes 403
cubic feet to make a ton. This is a pile
Ex0x3 feet in elze. In a wagpii. unpressed,
W0 cubic feet or a load Gx9xl0 feet poes
lor a. ton. Of newly cured hay. freshly
loaded or stacked, 70o cubic feet or 5x10x10
feet is. estimated to make a ton after it
has dried out. The Government standard
for hay in the Ftack Is 422 cubic feet to
the ton. This is a pile (1x7x10, with two
cubic f,eet added.'
A common rule to weigh hay in the
stack Is to measure the length and
breadth of the stack, take the height from
the ground to the eaves; add to this last
one-half of the height from the eaves to
the top; multiply length by breadth and
the product by the height; all expressed
in feet; divide the amount by 27 to lind
the cubic yards, which multiply by the
number of pounds supposed to be in a
cubic yard, 132 avoirdupois for new hay
and 154 for old hay.
Still another rule Is to allow 512 feet
(cubic) to a ton.
MOUNT HERCULES.-Some time ago
there was published In answer to a ques
tion, upon the authority ot Captain J. A.
Lawson. a statement to the effect that
Mount Hercules in New Guinea was 32,780
feet high. Another correspondent, R. O.
S.. of Palo Alto, who look exception to
the statement of Captain Lawson, has
made a search on nls own account with
the following result: "Regarding Mount
Hercules, named as the hl&hest mountain
in the world," writes the correspondent,
"Benjamin E. Smith, editor of the Cen
tury Atlas, writes: 'The statement with
regard to Mount Hercules In New. Guinea
Is certainly an error. The highest point
on the island Is not far from 17,000 feet, ac
cording to the latest explorations.' George
C. Hurlburt. librarian of the American
Geographical Society New York, writes
•Captain J. A. LawsoiTis the sole author
ity for the existence of the mythical
Mount Hercules. Captain John Moresb"
R. N.. of H. M. S. Basilisk, was engaged'
in explorations and surveys of Xew
Guinea during the time assigned by Cap
tain Lawton to his own adventures ar.d
discoveries. In a letter to the Athenaeum
of May 29. 1*73, Captain Moresby says that
'I.awson's statements s.re without founds
tion. Uwson's book Is an Impositlor '
There is a full showing of the factB of
the case in Moresby's 'Discoveries and
Surveys in New Guinea,' page 32L"
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel «
Cal. elace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Dr. J. S. Stone has resumed practice at
233 Geary street. - •
; ¦ » I . ; ;
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press, Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gortfctfy el Telephone Main 1042." " r • >
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
It is good to know that the glory of the
Sembrich Opera Company is not depend
ent solely upon the magnitude of the star
who gives her name to the organization,
but that in her supporting company of
singers some worthy names are to be i
found.
Chief of these is the barytone, Signor
Bensaude. who has carried off the musical t
honors among the men of the company. I
6i|nor Bensaude will be heard in one of i
his best roles, F:garo in "The Barber of ¦
FevIIle," on the opening evening of the '¦
season-
The Rosina of Sembrich is as well j
known to repute as the Calve Carmen, j
and, like it. is probably incomparable. ': ':'¦
• • •
An unusually musically cultured audi
ence was that which greeted the unique
programme cf the Musicians* Club con
cert the other evening at Sherman & Clay
lialL The programme must be taken as
typical of the kind of entertainment that
musicians indulge in for their private de
lectation, and was distinctly and grate
fully out of the ordinary run of pro
prammes: The rarely heard Mozart quin
tet, for clarionet, two violins, viola and
'cello, played by Messrs. E. W. Kent,
Hother Wismer. Samuel Savannah. Con
rad Fuehrer and Arthur Weiss, came first,
and its limpi'3, easily-melodious phrases
and rich Arcadian grace were given to
admiration by the players. The addition
of the reed tone to the usual string quar
tet permits ot a surprising degree of va
rMy in the tone coloring. The quintet was
followed by a sympathetic rendering of
the quaint flute "Adagio" of Frederick the
Great, by August Rodemann, accompa
nied by Dr. EL J. Stewart. Mr. Rodemann
pnd Dr. Stewart were also heard in the
"Sonata for Flute, with Figured Bass."
by Handel, which curious and beautiful
number was also much enjoyed. Mrs. J.
E. Birmingham, who assisted the club,
was enjoyably heard In the "Widmung,"
"Oer Asra" ind "Die Mainacht." The
programme closed with the B flat major
trio of Rubinstein, well given by Arthur
a member be absent two consecutive times
without good and sufficient cause, his
chair is to be declared vacant and will be
filled from the waiting list. This waiting
list Is to be composed of all those who
i answer this communication favorably, but
who are not selected by Mr. Rodemann
to form part of the nucleus. These asso
ciate members have no dyes to pay until
I they become active members. It Is fur-
I ther expected that from time to time the
| orchestra will be enlarged from members
; on the waiting list, which will form a sec
| ond orchestral class that will rehearse
with Mr. Rodemann once a week. This
j ciass will be drilled very carefully both
in the science and performance of orches
tral music, in order that its members may
develop sufficiently to be added to the
Philharmonic as vacancies occur in the
latter or as It is enlarged. Under these
conditions dues not to exceed $1 per month
will be exacted from members on the
waiting list." • j
• .' • . •
These desirous of joining the associa
tion or of obtaining further information
on the subject are requested to write to
the secretary, E. M. Hecht, 1201 Van Xess
avenue, who will be pleased to answer all
inquiries.
• • •
The first concert of the European Con
cert Company was given last Monday
evening at Sherman-Clay Hall, when the
following programme was rendered:
Sonate, G minor, op. 13 A. Rubinstein
Messrs. Marino and Meany.
Romanze • Brune
Kignor Facci.
Concerto for vlcriin. No. 2, D minor
Wleolawskl
Allegro moderato.
Andante non troppo,
AllfffrH con fuoco,
A la Zlngara— Allegro moderate
Ptetro Marino.
Piano solo — (a) ballade, A flat Chopin
(b) Khapsodie Hongroise, No.
12 Liszt
~ '. ' ; R. Meany.
Faust Romanze. with violin obllgato.... Gounod
Messrs. Facci and Marino.
fa) "I^gende" Wleniawskl
! (.b) "O Willie. We Have Missed You"
.' Vieuxtemps
Pletro Marino.
Fickenscher, Srmuel Savannah and Ar
thur Weiss, but the number strikes one
afresh as being labored and as without
This unwonted efflorescence of critical
enthusiasm on the part of the 6taid critic
cf the Times was called forth by Car
rer.o's rendering of the B flat minor con
certo of Techaikowsky, which she played
with the New York Phllharmonie Or
chestra, and which, for want of such in
etitution here, we must needs go without.
We had the same humiliating experience
vlth Godowsky, the Fame with Leonora
Jackson, the same with ariist after artist
who cannot be heard in their highest ef
forts for lack of the necessary orchestral
petting. And so it will be ad nauseam
until that musical cattle in Spain, a sym
phony orchestra for San Francisco, be
comes an actuality. Still, the following
programme, with Carreno as the motive
power, does not lack interest! It is for
the first recital on Tuesday afternoon at
Sherman-Clay Hall:
•
FanfMe .* Mozart
Sonata. Op. 31. N'o. 3 Beethoven
AKegro, Allegretto, Mlnuetto, Presto
<a) Korturnf, Op. €2. No. L|
r Chopin
III.
FantaFie. Op. 17 Schumann
va) Durchau? Fanta?t;?ch und Leiden
¦chaftlich vcrzutragen.
<b) Mafcslp. . ,
<c) Langta.m Getrajren.
IV.
fa) Xocturne Tschalkowsky
<b) • < Si Oiseau jEtais" Henselt
u-j La. Campanula Paganinl -Liszt
• • •
ed in an attempt to reorganize the Phil
hnrmonic Orchestra on an entirely new
basis— a basis which has been found to
work successfully in Eastern cities and in
some cases in cities equal in size to San
Kranrfsco.
"The services of Mr. Rodemann have
been secured as director. This gentleman
was Mr. School's assistant in Philadelphia
and in San Francisco, and it hardly needs
to be added that he Is both musically and
executively competent. His intention is
to start in with a fixed nucleus of be
tween thirty and forty competent, earnest
amateurs, who shall be ehesen by him, on
the basis of ability, from those who an
swer this communication favorably. With
this nucleus he guarantees to produce a
self-supporting organization— If so desired
—one which shall be of sufficient excel
lence to give remunerative concerts under
a patronage system. In other cities ama
teur organizations of like, character are
successful under this system, even in the
face of excellent professional»organiza
tions, of which we have none in San Fran
cisco. Until the orchestra shall be self
supporting, dues of $1 per month will be
required until the orchestra is enlarged,
when dues will be correspondingly de
creased. Should It, however, be the wish
of the orchestra not to give concerts, it
would continue to exist on the pay basis
suggested above.
"The nucleus, then. Is to be composed
of earnest, willing and efficient workers
from whom a regular attendance will be
required at the weekly rehearsals. Should
Its lontrth. It is a kind of musical "much
ado about nothing." The oases of -beauty
arc too few anl Tar between, and the rest
Of the trio is marked by a very evident
poverty of invention.
The next evening "at home" of the Mu
sicians' Club Is awaited with much pleas
ant anticipation by' the fortunate guests
ot last week's concert.
"The Seven Words of Christ." the mu
sic by Theouo.re Dubois, will be sung for
the llrst time in San Francisco at St.
Domlniek's Church on Sunday evening
next, under the direction of the organist.
Franklin Palmer. The soloists will be
Miss Lilly Rocder. Miss Eva McCloskey,
J. F. Veaco and Walton Webb. -'" : = i
• • •
Dr. H. J. Stewart's programme for the
usual half-nour recital at the close of the
afternoon service at Trinity Church to
day wi?! be:
Prelude :;n<3 Fume, in C minor... Mrndelssohn
Larghetto. scherzo nnil trio Schumann
<Kmm the symphony In H flat.)
Oar.tilrne N-jptlnle Dubi!«
Toccata. In D minor.... Wood
The following extracts from the circular
of information Fent out by the committee
of management for | the proposed new
Philharmonic Society are ;-n.'lf-explana
tory. About thirty musicians have al
ready responded to the Invitation con
tained therein:
"Your co-operation \s earnestly request-
sufficient harmonic or" melodic Interest for
THB chief event of the ccmins week i
in the musical world is of course i
The Carreno series of recital?, to i
lie given at Sherman-Clay Hall on ,
Tuesday and Saturday afternoons !
ar.d Thursday evening. Lot us hoar the ;
dispassionate Mr. Henderson of tty? New I
York Times concerning this "Valkyr of !
the keyboard." Says Mr. Henderson in !
criticizing one of Carrcno's late recita'.s: j
"No youth of 21 can hope to sweep the
heartstrings of humanity when^ the j
Sappho of the riano is at hand. Youth. ,
inexperience, rawness. uncertainty— all j
these defects come to light in promising
youths when this paft mistress cf her art |
thunders the passionate paean of the first |
movement of this miphty song of Russia. |
Time was when Carreno was .tempera- i
ment and nothing else, except a pair of j
Junoesque arms with force to produce re- j
founding tone. Kut that day has gone j
by. She Is now a ripe and thoughtful j
artist, whose temperament blazes wtth j
unquenchable fire, but whose understand- j
Jng holds eway on the throne of her art.
"Power, majesty of conception, sonority !
cf tor.e and all the splendors of passion '
. J'.amed through the performance of this ;
porgeous woman, who at a period of ma- '
turity when most of her sex lake to ]
teaching or to charitable societies is still i
able to reign over human hearts by the I
ir.agic of the songs she sings through the '
keys of her chosen in? trument. As a per- i
tonality she Is like, indeed, to the won- ¦
drous Cleopatra, for "age cannot wither ,
her. ncr custom stale her infinite vari- j
*»'"' . . .
This is Maeterlinck at his best and Is a
good Illustration of Ms method — broken
phrases, suggestive hints, rather than
complete thoughts and repetitious ca
dences—a curious form of art that will
always interest those previously con
vinced that the poet means more than h«
savs. To me It seems he cannot even say;
clearly what he means.
(Very faintly.) I was — I was leaning over
and I fell. tShe dies.)
AGLAVAINE.
Selysette!
SELYSETTE.
AGLAVAIN'E.
' Tell me. tell me. S-elysette.
SELYSETTE.
I have forgotten what I had to say. It
was not truth, but falsehood that was comlnjf.
Put your hand over my eyes. too. It Is well
that they should be closed by you who opened
them. It is time. It la time.
fall was accidental: they, suspecting the
truth, begin to reproach themselves:
AGLAVAINE.
It-was I. unwittingly, who uryed you to
this.
SELYSETTE. |
No. no. Aglavalne. urged was I by non«.
AGLAVAIXE.
It needs but one word to dispel the clouds
from life, and on my knee3 do I beseech you
to say this one poor word. Whisper it to m»
if you will; let your eyes make a slsn to m»
and even Meleander shall never know.
JIELEANDER.
. Aglavalne la rijtht. Selysette. I ask It. too.
SELYSETTE.
I was leaning over and I fell.
AGLAVAINE.
You asked me so often what I would* do
in your place.
SELYSETTE.
I was leaning over and I fell.
AGLAVAINE.
Do you not know why I question you thus?
SELYSETTE.
Yes. yes. A*lavalne mine. I can see that tt
would have been more beautiful, but It would
not have been the truth.
AGLAVAHS'E.
Oh. God! Ho" pour we are before all thorn*
of simple loTe.
SELYSETTE.
Aslavatne!
AGLAVAINE.
! Selysette! "What iia* happened? Ton ax*
turning pale. Is the pain worse?
SELYSETTE.
No. It Is the Joy that makes me suffer.
Do not weep like ihU. my poor Meleander.
Now do we Indeed love each other. There is
no room for the shedding of a tear. Soon I
shall be dead and there will be so glad a
smile on my lips that you will scarce beltev*
I can be dead, so happy shall I seem. . To
smile at such a moment one has to be truly,
deeply happy and I cannot conceive how. lttt!»
as I am. I, can. yet hold so great a paradla*
In my heart, and at times I am afraid I shall
take all the happiness away with me. "What?
You crying, too. Aglavalne? Is It not hap
piness, then ?
AGLAVAINE.
Give ns the perfect peace. Selysett*.
SELYSETTE.
I will give you the peace you gave me. Agla
valne.
AGLAVAINE.
You could give it. but you will not.
SELTSETTE.
And yet Is there such great peace within met
Selysette.
- AGLAVAINE.
(Sobbing.) God himself were wrong befor*
(With a Change in hrr voice.) But wh7 ar»
you going away, said my grandame to m#,
why go away, my child? Because of a key I
have found, grandamc. because of a key I
AGLAVAINE.
Selysette!
SELYSETTE.
(Coming to herself.) Yzsallne! What wu
I saying? Tell me what I said. It is not
true. I warned you.
AGLAVAINE.
You said nothing, n-jthins— be not uneasy,
my poor Selysette.
SELYSETTE. \ C ' ¦-_
I warned ' you. I may perhaps be saying?
things soon, but they will not be true. You
will forgive me for my eoul Is growing so
weak. Put your hand over my mouth when
I say things that are untrue. Promise, prom
ise, I beseech you.
AGLAVAIXE.
I promise, Selysette.
SELTHETTE.
(To Meleander.) I have something to say
to her, Meleander. (Ho goes away silently.)
He Is sad— he is tad. You will tell him lonia
day, by and by, when he has forgotten".'* Put
your hand on my Ugm, Aglavalne; a sudden
pain has come to me.
We may take comfort in reflecting that both will be in the hands of the undertaker again in
the year 2001, and the same kind of mourners will.be going cbout the same kind of streets shed
ding the same kind of tears and making the same kind of a noise. , •
The country was informed that the' army : would' never disband— that it would be retained
as a permanent mercenary force to keep Lincoln in the Presidency for life. The Democrats more
'than played the return game with their enemy in mortuary and imperial politics. History was
marched around until she was footsore, and the Praetorian Guard, the Janizaries and the Mame
lukes, the Swiss Guards and the Hessians, were marched out in a longer procession than the Cru
saders made when they went against the Saracen.
But Liberty revived in time to be killed again by McKinley^ and the republic reappeared ap
parently on purpose to pass away again March 4, 1901.
It must be admitted that this ceaseless accusation had its effect on his own party. Murat
Halstead desired to have his brains knocked out, and Ben Wade and Henry Winter Davis, Sena
tors of the United States, fu.minated against him in their celebrated manifesto, which led to the
Cleveland convention and the nomination of Fremont as a Republican candidate for the Presi
dency, with the avowed [purpose of defeating Lincoln. ...
Having three times destroyed the republic and laid the pink toes of Liberty up to the daisies,
the Democrats got their fling in the Civil War. From the 15th of April, 1861, to the day of his
death Lincoln was accused ot the death of Liberty. AH kinds of testimony were offered against
him. Liberty was dead, and he was last seen going down the road in her company. The republic
had disappeared and who but he could have' abducted it? Every move that he made was looked
upon as the device of a suspect.
The country had a short breathing spell, and Liberty lifted up her renowned head until the
Mexican War, when she had another spell of dying, and the Whig politicians, including Abraham
Lincoln himself, not only despaired of the republic, but of a decent empire that would be taken into
good society. The political literature of that period reads like the lamentations of Jeremiah.
The death of Liberty in 1812, 183? and 1848 occurred under Democratic administration, and the
mourners went about the streets on the Federal and Whig platforms, and making dust their paper
with rainy eyes wrote sorrow on the bosom of the earth,- as Shakespeare said about trie pessimists
of his da v.
When Jackson was President there was no war, but he had been a soldier, had taken Jarge
responsibilities and been abused as are all men who have that initiative which is the final strength
of states. Liberty died again, poor lady, in his first administration and stayed dead through his
eight years. And she was very deceased, too, judging by the political literature of that day. ' She
died intestate, left no will, and the Whigs applied for control of the estate, just as the Public Ad
ministrator does for that of an intestate who puts off making a will until after the final interview
with the undertaker.
Jackson was pictured as an Emperor, Andrew I, enthroned as gorgeously as Shah Jehan,
and looking as savage as a meat-ax.
During and after the war of 1812 the same kind of critics wept around the deathbed of Lib
erty, and wore the badge of mourning for the time usually taken by politicians whose only stock in
trade consists in impugning the motives of those who are responsible for the government, and in
vaunting their own vestal intentions.
. It is not even" hinted that he felt the presence of the military necessary to protect him
against the outraged people whose freedom was taken from them, making bloodthirsty in
their desperation. We are willing to take these scared- critics into our confidence far enough to
whisper to them the reason why the thin-skinned militia officer acquired blisters, in the saddle and
the seasoned regular cursed his luck twice the length of Pennsylvania avenue. It was because the
inauguration is the great American show, and uniforms, especially militia uniforms, look well in a
spectacle. In all inaugurations for many years the military has been a prominent feature, and yet
the Goddess of Liberty on the dome of the Capitol glories under her, coat of verdigris and gazes
eastward whence cometh the sunrise, just as unruffled as when Jeff Davis had her hoisted up there
with an eagle roosting on her head;
SINCE the inauguration of President '.McKinley the Bryan press has seen visions • and
dreamed dreams. It has published obituaries of the republic and indulged, in. epitaphy to
dead Liberty, all because of the presence of the army and navy in the inaugural proces
sion. It is alleged that the military feature not 'only dominated this, but exceeded any other in
auguration. No one has ventured to say that the President ordered all these armed men out, with
empty guns, for the purpose cf peppering Congress and the Supreme Court and declaring himself
dictator and sole branch of the government, but hardly more fuss could be made if he had.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
THE SAIN FRANGISGQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. . ; J.v.,: *$ Address Communications to W. S.^ LEAKE, Manager
Publication Office ....... • • • Market and Third, S. F.
AN OLD CRY.
MME. CARRENO WILL BE HEARD
IN SERIES OF RECITALS
BY MUSIC LOVERS OF THIS CITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
BY L DU PONT SYLE.
THE DEPTHS AND HEIGHTS OF
MAURICE MAETERLINCK
IN HIS LATEST DRAMATIC WORK.
18
- By American . Auction ' Co.— Tuesday - Man>t<
ket^r e et°" Cl0Ck ' ' tC - " *" "*>
AMUSEMENTS.
California— '"Thp Telephone Girl."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-house— "Around the World In
Eighty Days."
brand Opera-house — Sembrich Opera Com-
ran-. March IS.
Alcazar— "Countess Gnckl."
Columbia— "The Highwayman" to-morrow
nlKht.
Alhambra— "ITr.der Scaled Orders."
Tlvoll— "Wizard of the Nile."
Cer.tral-"The Black Flag."
Central— Benefit performance Thursday night.
March 21. Vj
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets—
Epec!alties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavillon-;-Tralned Animal Show
Sherman-Clay Hall<-P!ano Recital Tuesday
O lterr.oon,. March 12. *«saajr
( 'harming Auxiliary Art Lectures— First Unl
tarlan Church.. Thursday afternoons.
Excursion to battleship Wisconsin from BVd
Bom-street, wharf. w *
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
California Jockev Club (Oakland)— Races to-
morrow. • ..-
Tanforan Park — Races to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
g {(ATSC!|1NSKI J
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. H
ONLY |
I If) H RR 1
% £ INCHES U
V: y* II Hi fl» *1
LADIES' EXTRA I
HIGH CUT. I
dil? m^r^i^rsr^ 1
w?*?.?? 1 *!? con t"dlct« u» when we say H
cttj. How do we do it? We have our ffi
load lots, and therefore can buy cheaper N
than our competitors. And. again our U
M?V 9 n 0 , 1 «ne-h«lf what stores on H
Market and Kearny streets pay W
w£tif n t-?S U v Wallt * $3M Iho « th *t «» H
worth jj.co. buy our GLORIA. H
We cloee at 8 p. m. on week days and ?
11 p. m. on Saturday an«l will continue R
ALL OTHER SHOE STORES DO THB Ii
PHILADELPHIJTSHOE GO. I
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco, |
TO-MORROW,
3AKLAND CiTY ELECTION
COL WM. C. LITTLE,
COUNCILMAN-AT-LARGE.
Regular E epuWican Nominee
The girl inclined toward embonpofnt
gazed nervously around the drug store.
••I v.*ant something to reduce the weight,"
she paid.
"Anti-fat?" a«ked the clerk.
"Well, yes, auntie is a trifle stout," she
replied, "but— er— T want this for my-
self, you know."— Philadelphia Record.
AUCTION SALES."In the presence of the facts and prece
dents which I have narrated, it would be
difficult to explain in what manner the
Government of Chile could, without loss
of its international prestige, maintain as
at present the controversy respecting"
Tacna an4 Arica and the more general one
of the Pacific."
Minister Deosma says that despite these
prolonged efforts it has been impossible
to reach any final agreement under which
the controversy would be submitted to ar
bitration or would be otherwise settled.
In conclusion the Minister says:
?>eals to the "ineontestible testimony of
acts," which he sets forth at much
length, as showing- the justice of Peru's
position. He says that repeated attempts
were made for years by the Peruvian
Foreign Office to report an understanding
with Chile for a vote as to the future of
contested territory, and in order to remove
every possibility for "any new excuse on
the part of Chile" special funds were pro
vided to make payment of any Indemnity
that might be awarded.
The Minister says Peru desires to con
vey to other countries the conviction that
she is exempt from hatred and seeks only
her rights In the negotiation, and he ap-
"WASHINGTON, March 9.— The State
Department and the various foreign rep
reantatlves In Washington have received
copies of a recent official statement of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Peru,
Senor Deosma, making a vigorous re
sponse to a circular note of the Chilean
Foreign Office touching the strained re
lations between Chile. Peru and Bolivia,
growing out of the war in which these
three countries participated. The deter
mined attitude of Peru Is shown by the
Minister's statement that the country will
not abdicate one iota from the rights to
which she is entitled under the treaties
made with Chile.
Minister of Foreign Affairs
Criticizes Attitude of
Chile.
PERU SEEKING
LOST PROVINCES
LAWRENCE, Karis., March 9.-Con
gressman J. D. Bowersock to-day re
ceived a letter from Andrew Carnegie of
fering the city of Lawrence $25.00) for the
•building of a new library. The only con
dition imposed is that the city devote at
least $25,000 each year to its maintenance.
MMMEaMMmHMWHWMmHMmam
Carnegie Givss a Library.
Used as Campaign Literature by
Politicians in Topeka.
TOPEKA. Kans., March 9.— The first Is r
sue of Mrs. Nation's Smasher's Mall ap
peared to-day and was used as campaign
literature by those opposed to the nom
ination In to-day's" primaries of the law
and order candidate for Mayor. Mrs. Na
tion is yet in the County Jail, and edited
the Smasher's Mall from there. The pub
lisher of the ' paper Is Nick Childs. a
negro, who is reported to be a Jointist.
He Is now under sentence by the Appel
late Court for liquor selling, judgment be
ing suspended.
'•Smasher's Mail" Appears and Is
MBS. NATION'S PAPER
EDITED IN HEB CELL
Work upon the airship In the old Velo
drome inclosure, corner of Baker and Fell
streets, is progressing rapidly. Early this
week a consignment of two cars of alumi
num was received, a large portion of
which will be used in the construction of
the enormous ribs, that will be in the
neighborhood of thirty-five feet in diam
eter. Within these ribs will- be con
tained the Inflated hydrogen gaa bags
that will supply the necessary buoyancy
to float the- ship. Considerable public
Interest has been excited in this enter
prise and daily large crowds visit .the In
closure and watch the Interesting work
as it progresses. . ', - '
Bapid Construction.
KANSAS CITT. March 9.— George J.
Gould, president of the Missouri Pacific
Railway, and party left In their special
train for St. Louis and the East.
George Gould's Tour.
The National Committee has discovered
that the Dupont men have -figured that
they would control the patronage for
Delaware any way, through L. H. Ball,
the newly elected Representative to Con
pres*. The dictum has gone forth that
the Dopont men are to have no say what
ever tn the distribution of patronage in
Delaware, and all of Ball's requests will
bp. Ignored. Thus Dupont's men will be
runished for depriving the Republicans
of two votes In the Senate.
When Senator Hanna. went to New York
this week to try to force an agreement
between th« rival Delaware factions, he
found the Addlcks men perfectly wining
to compromise. The President and the
National Committee advised that the Ad
dicks men select one Senator and the Du
pont men another. This, of course, would
nave meant the election of Addlcks and
Colonel Henry A. pupont. Colonel Du
pont. rather than glv« Addlcks the satis
faction of grating to the Senate, deliber
ately threw away his own chances, the
rpsult being that Delaware for two years
will be unrepresented In the Senate.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
TV.. WASHINGTON; March 9.— Th« Dela
ware Republicans are to be disciplined for
their failure to elect two United States
Senators. The administration and the
Ji-opubliraja National Committee were very
enxious to have as many Republican Sen
ators f-lected as possible. In the next Sen
ate there will be many measures that will
require a two-thirds vote, and all energies
were bent toward getting two Senators
from Delaware end to re-elect Carter of
Montana.
Bpedal Dispatch to The CalL
Delaware Republicans Must
Now Suffer Severe
Discipline.
HANNA'S LUSH
WILL PUNISH
President of the United Mine "Workers
John Mitchell left to-night for Hazleton,
Pa., to attend the convention of the anth
racite miners there next Tuesday morn-
Ing. Mr. Mitchell Is apparently disturbed
by the stand the presidents of the
anthracite district have taken. He said:
"The posting of notices is a mighty
poor way. of adjusting differences. It
seems to me that with the experience the
Pennsylvania operators* have gained they
would realize the unpleasant effect of such
a steD on the mine workers."
The Pennsylvania Coal Company and
the Ontario and Western Railroad Com
pany will also post notices early next
.v/eek.
SCRAXTOX, Pa., March 9.— The Defa
ware and Hudson Coal Company to-day
ordered the posting of a notice at all th»»
company's mines in the Lackawanna and
Wyoming valleys to the effect that tho
present rate of wages paid to all mine
employes will continue In force untl
April 1, 1902. At the office of General Su
perintendent Loomls of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Company, it
was stated that a similar notice will be
Issued to-day, and Captain May, general
superintendent of the Hillside Coal an.l
Iron Company (the Erie Railroad's min
ing interests), eald that his, company will
follow the action taken by the others.
In only one instance thus far have tho
miners openly expressed disapproval of
the scale. The employes of the Mineral
Railroad and Mining Company, In tha
Shamokln region, say they want a 6 per
cent advance to- place them on the same
basis as the Reading miners.
PHILADELPHIA, March 9.—Anticipat
ing the convention of the United Mine
Workers of America at Hazleton, . Pa.,
next week, coal operators throughout tho
anthracite region to-day posted notices
announcing that the 10 per cent advance
In wages and other concessions made to
the miners last November would be con
tinued until April 1, 1902, and that local
differences would be adjusted with the
employes of the respective collieries. This
action, it is understood, was determined
on a week ago and is said to have been
the result of an effort on the part of the
operators to avoid a conference with the
miners or any recognition of the union.
Notices have been posted at all mints
operated by nine of the leading coal min
ing and coal carrying companies. While
the officials of the big companies are reti
cent, it is understood that they will posi
tively decline to take part In the mineis*
convention. The request made by Presi
dent Mitchell of the Mine Workers' Union
that the operators send representatives
to the convention has thus far been for
the most part ignored. In one or two
cases a negative reply was sent. Tho
operators have, however, expressed their
willingness to treat with their own em
ployes when there are any grievances to
be adjusted.
More Concessions Ar« Made
Through Fear of Com
ing Convention.
MINE OWNERS
AGAIN WEAKEN
After the transaction of brief routine
business the resolution offered yesterday
by Hoar that a committee of two Senators
be appointed to wait upon the President of
the United States and notify him that un
less he might have some further business
to transact the Senate was ready to ad
journ without day. was laid before the
Senate and adopted. The Vice President
appointed Senators Hoar and Cockrell as
the committee. On 'motion of Hale the
Senate then, at 12:23. went Into executive
session. At 1:52 p. m. the Senate opened
its doors for the final proceedings of the
extraordinary session. They were exceed
ingly brief. The committee appointed to
wait upon the President reported through
Hear that the duty had been discharged.
The President had Informed the commit
tee' that he had no' further business for
the Senate to transact. *
Allison then moved, at 1:55 p. m., that
the Senate adjourn without day. Amid
handclapplnj? the Vice President declared
the motion carried and his gavel fell, this
ending the session.
After the request had been granted
¦without comment. Hoar, addressing the
chair. remarKed that for obvious reasons
no objections were made to the request
of Morgan, but be felt bound to say that
it was likely to give rise to great incon
venience on both sides of the chamber. If
any further requests of such a nature
were made by Individual Senators, he
said, he would feel bound to object.
Morgan, chairman of the CImmittee on
Interoreanic Canals, asked unanimous
consent that Mitchell be appointed to suc
ceed his predecessor. McBride, as a mem
ber of that committee. He realized, he
eald. that it was an unusual request, but
It was made because of the notable inter
est in canal legislation always manifested
by Mitchell, who, like McBride, was an
earnest and able advocate of the construc
tion of the canal.
During the session practically no busi
ness except that of an executive
character was transacted. The ses
sion was , called by the President
In order that the Senate might
have opportunity to confirm appointments
made at the beginning of the session.
This business accomplished, there was
nothing further for the Senate to do.
At the opening of to-day's session the
President pro tern. Senator Frye of
Maine, was inducted into office, the oath
being administered by Vice President
Roosevelt. John D. Mitchell, the recently
elected Senator from Oregon, was pre
sented by his colleague. Senator Simon,
and took the oath of office. He was given
a cordial reception by his colleagues on
the tloor, many of whom had served In the
Senate with him, and by his friends in
the galleries, who greeted his appearance
with hearty applause.
Several baskets of beautiful roses and
jonquils, arranged in deliberate designs,
adorned the desk of Senator Mitchell
when the Senate convened.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— After pro
ceedings lasting only six days, the extra
ordinary session of the Senate was de
clared adjourned sine die at 1:55 p. m. to
day.
Mitchell of Oregon Takes
the Oath Before Final
Adjournment
SENATORS END
THEIR SESSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 9.—
It was announced from the president's of
fice to-day that Charles Henri Rleber.
acting chief assistant in the department
of philosophy at Harvard, has been ap
pointed assistant professor of logic in
Stanford University. Dr. Rieber took his
A. B. at the University of California In
18S8 and has spent four years In graduate
study at Harvaid. where he received his
Ph. D. In psychology. His work at Stan
ford will commence In September.
Will Join Stanford's Faculty.
,.,j.iaA Mr. Cook made the followiri
statement: \
"If the winding up of the estate should
be left to the assignee for the benefit oS
creditors all the secured creditors would
participate in the remaining assets with
out any deducton on account of their se
curity. If, on the other hand, the estate
Is wound up under the bankruptcy act,
the secured creditors must first deduct
from their claims the value of the colla
teral before they are allowed to partici
pate in the distribution of the general
assets. This will make a very great dif
ference to the unsecured creditors, and
my clients are In that category."
A BLOSSOM FESTIVAL
To Ee Given by the Citizens of Sara-
toga on the 15 th..
A "blossom festival" has been an
nounced by the citizens of Saratoga,
Santa. Clara County, to be held on Fri
day, March 15. This i3 the second one
of the kind, and 'the idea of making It a
fixed annual event seems to be popular.
They have obtained from the Southern
Pacific - an excursion rate of J3 for the
round trip from San Francisco and other
bay cities, and will meet their guests at
either Santa Clara or Los Gatos with con
veyances, taking them to the pretty
town of Saratoga through a forest of blos
soms.
It is to be a sort of picnic affair, and
visitors are supposed to take their lunch
baskets, although a good dinner at moder
ate cost can be obtained at Saratoga.
Those 'who cro on this trip should take tha
S:15 a. m. narrow gauge train.
NEW YORK, March 9. — It Is announced
to-day that John E. Searles, whose fail
ure occurred a few days ago. has resigned
the presidency of the American Type
founders Company. A. successor 'will be
elected at a meeting of the directors to
be held March 13, and meanwhile the
duties of the office will be performed by
Robert AI. Jauney, the vice president of
the company.
A petUlon was filed In the Bankruptcy
Court In Brooklyn to-day to have the af
fairs of John E. Searles wound up in
bankruptcy. The petition was filed by
"William W. Cook, as attorney for the
petitioners, the Western Reserve National
Bank of Warren, Ohio: the Duluth Fur
nace Company of Duluth. Minn., and John
Thomas of Xlles. Ohio, whose claims
against Mr. Searles are something over
Now Yorker Who Failed
Gives Up Typefounders'
Presidency.
SEARLES NOW
BUSY RESIGNING
The document Is exciting much Interest
as showing the earnest efforts Peru is
making to regain her lost provinces.
19
$$ To protect your health and our reputation, we will gladly pay this big reward to any one who will furnish us Infor-
® matlon on which we can secure conviction of a cfealer who tries to sell worthless fake imitations, when CASCARETS . @
are called for. When you're offered something "just as good", it's because, there is a little more money in the fake. ©
® Buy CASCARETS froin the honest dealer. They are always put up in blue metal boxes with long-tailed trade- @
marked C on the cover — every tablet stamped C. C. C, and they are never sold in bulk. Remember this and'when- ©
<H ever fakes are. offered when CASCARETS are called for, get all the details and write us on the subject at once. @
| SIX MILLION BOXES I
££k Jn Hr aHZ mwHmw f\i 1W\ !""¦ ¥""" IT* T Tr"" f* T 3 Jl 8 /~V PL 1 1 A V C^
f| I HE TABLET * m^^^™^^^^t!¥i^ 1^^^^^^^^^ AsixUCjCti^ 1 *3
]g OtrAHAlVTKEDTOcrRE»nboTTeltronbIemnpp<-ndlcItl».bUloH«neM, CITARANTEED TO ClTCIEi !!«««« »eo the »"* t ?'_ CA J!: g&
t a ¦ b*d breath, bad blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowel*, foal month. - CARETS was sold. >ow It laorer nlxmlllfoa boxea a year, ercater tBaa any fr*J
V§? headache. Indication, pimples, palna after eatlnci llrer trouble, uOloweom- similar medicine la thr world. TTbU la aoaolate pr««f of RrriM ibwHi ¦?*** jf~.
g&L plexlon and dizziness.- When yonr bowela don r t move retro larly Ton arc onr beat testimonial. We have fcllh. and will •ellCASrABETS , absolutely fisA
® ntttBf sick. Conatlpatloa kllla more people than all other dlaeaaes together.: irnaranteed to enre or money refunded. Oo bny today, two SOe b«'^.fj»2 5^
2*H I* la a atort«r for the ehronle ar.menta nnd Ions year* ofi ppgprlna: that come then a fklr, honeat trial, as per ample direction*, and If »•¦ •f^ B *»J^" > 5** £2*
«B afterward*. Ko matter what alt* yoo, star* taklas CAHCAEETS today, for after aslnr one &Oe box . return the naa.eU oOe box smd *5*-f?l'iSr-5?J«^ ™
S- s»r.%i^s>n£^^, < i w t^^.^ ||uVfrr*&&'^|et3?^l^^^ @
|.;»««« M ¦«• ««•«¦-•««, re^-ded. 0 f^^^ g
*' Afpindiciiis is tut localisation of tht
Cri\ cjjiciing tht inUttintv, and ofttn thi
afp ndix itself; tbe srmptcms of Crip and
lApptrdicitis art coincident."
This statement was made by Dr. Lucas
Championniere in a paper read yesterday
before the clinic of the Academy of Medi-
cine In Paris.
There is a seasonable Ltntcn warning
In his assertion that while the Grip often
attacks the threat or car, yet In the case
of a patient who has been an excessive
rater of fresh meat the disease almost In-
variably localizes in the intestines, near
the appendix, or In the organ Itself, pro-
ducing acute appendicitis.
The savant omits to eay that the great-
f-5t danger lies In the unsklllfully treated
end imperfectly cured cases.
Prevent the Grip and escape Appendici-
tis by using Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-
Seven." the only known preventive and
cure for the Grip, while Its tonicity sus-
tains the system curing and after the^at-
tack.
"77" breaks up Colds that hansr on.
At all drusBtores, 25c. or mailed.
§C7 Pocket Manual mailed free.
Humphreys* Homeops.tfclc SWlclne Co., cor. j
William and John fa, New York.
ADVEBTISEMEinS.
•• Appendicitis Is the Grip Localized.*'
H ilii'i/'/l JP A l fi business has taught us to know the wants of the public in our line, and experience pi) J jj|| $| Jp A |l|
HI H'^l * ias revea * e d to us those sources" whence to get our supply of all that is good. |L l 1 1 |\ v^^* 56 *^,— t~^^
Bil^^^ Twenty=three years of honest and conscientious work has crowned our efforts lii!^^
|l§i''::f ¦ : -'' :)i '' v: ..t(iU.lil'i ) ?i ; ' : " : ";jj|j ' with uninterrupted success. You have favored us with a liberal patronage, and W ' A g£T^ \\m\llm (>/ ((( f( wliW !h .I'Jfc^
||p( ff* p M^P V^ tk Though we have given you the largest assortment of fine shoes to pick from, ||[ zTWl fl F lL-.bZ^ ill
Pllv^" _ X "^^ yjfej the greatest care and attention in serving and fitting you, we shall go still further IIKj** — , ,
11 > Tr^ rru ''' iir v; U i{iiPir:^^M to merit your patronage by adding this new department, which will gain the good- 1 \r^=^^^^^! j flftf/ ffiji/FI if la
9 Pfi l^^^^^Silii wiH ° f th05e who desire t0 bu y popular-priced shoes from this, the leading^and m jl I BN tm *^
iiiiilil i Jn this new department there are 100 new styles of shoes for men and , j| J Uj I ii i^wlsfe
I®,, "' ; -'rL-.. : ... r ..- , ?/ liili women, all sizes and widths, each line complete, at a uniform price of $3.50 per pair. m ]U ¦ j__... r7~^ , j| 1 11118
Wsffl^'^ 1 "!^^^'. ' riti(i ; al^ These shoes bear our name and trademark— a guarantee for quality and hon- «" >^^ll(WW WlllW^im
Hvw 7^/1 (|IIMMI "^| 4 esty— shoes that fit and wear, and are sure to please— shoes that are positively $m% Af" LM WM
f|||k| 11$%, W^ l%kT Ii fl superior in every way to any $3.50 shoe sold elsewhere. 5ee them displayed in ra\ ra#W-f^ /H/l H^H&J WEa
Mfi I \t i l^j III I fli our wm dows — buy them if they please you — get your money back if they don't. m \WW1P/t1b \% 11111
pP ft/ Jfl(((tf "Wi Come and have them shown to you — our salesmen will give you every attention, 1 A 5^S— -A .|fi||§j
H ife;!" 1 '.! I' ltl l VPillte'Wif P ) M " ® I wL without urging you to buy. All new lasts, all novelties, all sorts of leathers are ml (j I)i]ili1i/li(/Wllftf!||| ll\l!\ %\\\\ IlUtof imWi
M: •ff'llIllH f ¦]§:))} II represented in this new department. ' Mlllf (lifflTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, i SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901i
i Mr. H. M. Owens, the manager of the
company, will leave for Montlcello on the
15th lnit. to make arrangements with the
teamsters to : take the - machinery ' on , the
ground, also ' to select the site to • build
on. He will. take an oil expert with him.
The lands held by the company have been
pronounced to be as 'good as any In. the
.The Napa and Berryessa Valley. Oil
Company has about completed' arrange
montsjfor the installation of a standard
rig, to be placed on their property, : near
Monticellq, In the Berryessa Valley, Napa
Ccunty.- Preparations are. being made to
place the machinery on the land Just as
soon as roads' will permit hauling over
""*" * j^p < * t ig w ffiW7iffr M fBWrfffWfiiiiiir >l i<''' Hi
Captain Seymour .wai eratlfled yester
day at the news that George Decker, alias
Asham Decker, had been arrested In Beat
tie, as he is a dangerous -man to be at
large. Decker was one of the Russian
exiles who arrived here about nin« years
ago, having, escaped from Siberia. . They
all turned out to be desperate criminals,
committing acts of murder and robbery.
Decker was ¦ sentenced to nine years in
San Quentin for stealing a large quantity
of goods from Hale Brothers' store in
Santa Rosa, which , he and a companion
brought to this city.
Decker Has a Record.
The Sweepstake " Minirtgr Company made • its
first payment on the 1st lnrt. on the Whitmora
and . Young mining property on | Oregon Gulch
Mountain, on which it holds a contract of pur
chase. The company haa bad a force of men
The establishment of smelting centers
is a favorite theme just now in several
States. California miners are pointing
with pride to what is going on in Shasta
County, and there is an amount of jubila
tion in the utterances of the representa
tive mining journals in Utah and Oregon
on the outlook in those States. An ac
couiu of the recently installed plant at
Bully Hill is published by Mineral
Wealth. "There are larger, plants," says
Mineral Wealth, "but no better."
The people of Grants Pass, Or., are
speculating on the possibility of making
that place a smelting center. A writer
figures out that Grants Pass pays half
the entire taxes for Josephine County,
which indicates its monetary resources,
and this gives hope that the necessary
funds can t>e raised for smelters. A com
pany is proposed with $l,0oo,(XK> capital tor
the purpose of constructing a good roatl
to the Gallice mining district, for bridges
and for other preliminary purposes.
The Utah papers, especially the Mining
Review, are preaicting that the smelting
interests of Salt Lake City will surpass
those of Denver and Pueblo. There are
three smelting plants in' Salt Lake Val
ley which were absorbed bv the combine —
the Hanaeur, the Ucrmania and the Penn
sylvania. Uhe trust is now building a
$1,000,000 plant, which* when completed,
will treat ail ores purchased at home. In
addition to this plant the Highland Boy
plant and the Biiignam copper and Gold
Mining Company are in operation. The
United fctates plant will eventually han
dle its own ores, and a custom plant is
projected, the new State Smelting and j
Kefining Company being back of the en
terprise.
The dredging Interests are coming
steadily to tne front. A deal to which ai
i tention has previously been directed in
volves the purchase of 2000 acres about
flve miles below orovilie, on the west side
of the rivtr, and $70,(krj changed hands in
the transaction. The lanu includes in
part the well known LJiggs peacn or
chards. Prospecting drills were going
several months before the deal was finally
closed. Another dredger has been placed
on Trinity River, making three to be op
erated to date in Trinity County. The
dredgers are located respectively at Po
ker Bar, near Lowden's ranch, at Weaver
Basin and on the Trinity River on the
Boyce ranch, above Trinity Center.
The good luck of the miners of Califor
nia In the matter of abundant water this
season fs 'shared by the- miners of Ari
zona. There is an abundance of water in
the hills, so says the Mohave County
Miner, and there will be more prospectors
In the hills this spring than ever before.
In the Blue Ridge Range every canyon
has water, running, and the prospectors
will have easy work. In some parts of
the range this is the first time In years
that any water could be found, and there
fore it has been impossible for the pros
pectors to do much work heretofore.
The Angels Record reports that up to
the first of last mouth the rainfall in that
locality amounted to 16.50 inches and there
was a fall during the month of 8.61," mak
ing, a total to Marc'i 1 of 25.11, which is
nearly five Inches in excess of the record
to the corresponding date last year. • Old
residents of Amador County say that the
water has not been so high: for years as
it has this season.
Ntotes from the Tuolumne papers are
summarized as follows: The Bonanza
mine has been sold to John Cain. The
property has a record of having produced
$1,500,000. Sinking on the main shaft con
tinues In the Golden mine, which Is now
down 363 feet. The Confidence mine has
been exploited below all past workings.
The 'Mack mine at Big Oak" Flat has
enough ore in sight to keep a twenty
stamp mill going two years. The Hard
Tack group of mlncj has been bonded to
O. A. D'Arcy of San Francisco.
In Calaveraa County the old Ilex mine
haa been reopened after a period of thir
teen years of disuse. Work at the Sheep
Ranch is about to be resumed and the
San Justin mine on. Carson Creek has
been reopened.
The Sybil group of mines in Shasta
County, near Trinity divide in the French
Gulch District, is again in litigation. Suit
has been filed by Wiiliam Murdock of San
Francisco against ¦. G. - A. " von Kruze and
Lida von Kruze for an accounting, for the
appointment of a receiver and a* decree
restraining the defendants from Interfer
ing with the property or the proceeds of
the Sybil group. F*rd and August Hurst
have purchased from . John : Weir his in
terest In the Weir mine at Buckeye. Tnfe
McCloud River power plant " in Shasta
County will get its first installment of
machinery the present' month. Work on
the dam and ditch will be simultaneously
prosecuted.
The .Trinity Journal says:
COAST SMELTERS ARE A LIVE THEME
at work during the winter dolnj development
work. As> soon as the weather permits the
company will advertise Its contracts for the
construction of the dltchX to the mine from
Cr.njon Creek.
Hydraulicking along the Klamath River,
is proceeding: to the full capacity of the
several minpa. The Siskiyou . mine has
lost a half mile of ditch and flue, but the
break has been repaired. : The Cherry
Hill mine in- Siskiyou County has been
put in shape to begin crushing. A large
amount of ore has been broken and is
ready for the stamps. Work has been
resumed at the HiB Blue mine at Kern
ville, Kern County. A ten-stamp mill
will be put in place.
The Spangle mine, in Madera County,
eipht miles from Raymond, will put in
now machinery.
The Clay Bank mine In Plumas County
has' resumed operations. It 'is near L»a
Porte.
J. W. Finney has bought the Rising
Sun mine, near Downieville. The placer
claims in the Swansea, Mammoth and
Yankee properties in Sierra County have
been purchased by or bonded by Brock,
Budd, Godfrey and Jones.
The Hudson mine in Nevada County,
below Hough and Ready, will have new
machinery. The German mine, near
Ormor.de. will be examined and will bo
sold to Eastern men If the report Is sat
isfactory. v
The Ashburton Mining Company will
resume operations near Folsom with new
and heavy buckets for Its -dredger, in
June.
Mining men of Western Canada axe)
petitioning the Dominion Government to
subsidize a refinery to be located io Brit
ish Columbia. Independence of the
American smelter trust is one of the
points urged, 'and it is also argued that
a home rullnery will enable Canadian
mines to place their products on the mar
kots of Japan and China.
Messrs. James Lewis & Son. London, set
forth the following as facts in their an
nual copper circular:
~ Consumption exceeds production by 17,690
ten?. Copper production in the United States
lr. 1900 Increased 18,640 tons. Imports Into the
United States increased 750O tons. Exports
(rcm Europe decreased 20,215 tons, while from
the United States they increased 42,224 tons.
Fubllc stocks in England. • France and < the
United States decreased a total of 17.C30 tons:
those of Kngland and France increased 691S
tens. . • American stocks decreased 24.60S tons.
E-xce88 of consumption over production is ap
parently shown by the amount of the decrease
In stocks of 17,650 tons. The consumption of
Kurope increased 38,500, American consumption
increased 23,600 tons, England's consumption
increased 21.000 and Germany's 15,000 tons. v
"A common mistake," Bays the Mining
-and Scientific Press, "is impatience in a
mining scheme. Ordinarily when, a new
business is to be built up Investors rightly
recognize the injustice of expecting imme
diate dividends therefrom. A mine must
be made and it is unjust and unbusiness
like to expect that it will begin "paying
dividends until after considerable outlay
and necessary development. More than
one good mine prospect has been spoiled
by the haste and Impatience of its co
owners, and no amount of ability or ex
perience in tho mine's, manager nor of
care and good intent on the part of the
company directors can overcome the mis
chief made by a majority of mine* stock
holders who are In too great a haste for
dividends." • ,"« '
Secretary E. H. Benjamin has Issued
the) report of the last annual ¦ convention
of the California Miners' Association. It
Is well got up and Includes a mass of mis
cellaneous information which cannot be
procured elsewhere.. . ¦ '
quite expensive, but it will solve the water
P1 Mrs ei A K Percival of Stockton has de
termined' to'asoertain whether State Min
eralogist Cooper is right in thinking that
there is oil in Stockton and that it only
needs nerve and ordinary good- luck to
find it. Two were, sunk southwest of
Stockton about twelve 'years ago for the
purpose of securing natural gas. There
were claims of finding oil sands at that
time. Mrs. Percival will put drillers at
work and will follow in the steps of oth
ers who sought for oil where the gas wells
were sunk.
Companies Formed in Butte County.
Four companies have been formed In
Butte County to drill for oil. Two wells
are now sinking and two other wells will
soon be started, so the Oroville Register
The Los Angeles Times says that the
operations of the Capistrano Oil Company
on the Capistrano beach have not been a
success. Two strata of oil sands were
struck, but they were not of sufficient
commercial value to pay. Four times the
water from the ocean was successfully
shut out. At a depth of 1163 feet the
company again encountered water and
has now suspended operations.
LOS ANGELES OIL MEN
FACING A SURPLUS
Owing to the Competition of the Kern
River Fields the Monthly Produc
tion Is Greater Than the Demand
The line of the Sunset Water Company
Into the Sunset district will be nine miles
long. It will begin on Klipstein's ranch,
on section 2-10, 24. extend across sections 1,
36, 26. 23, 14 and' end at the northern
boundary of 11-10, 24. The line will be
The Sacramento Bee reports that indi
cations of oil have been found at Carbon
dale, near lone. In Amador County.
A review of the work of the oil oper
ators in San Benlto County shows that
there are in the Panoche district, forty
five miles southeast from Hollister, four
companies drilling, and that two others
will soon begin. In the Vallecitos district,
lying southwest of Panoche Valley, there
are live companies drilling and several
others are getting ready for work. The
Bitterwater district is in the southwestern
part of the county and about sixty miles
from Hollister. Four companies have
claims. Some prospect holes have been
drilled. Three companies have secured
lands in the Mulberry district, twenty
miles south from HoIHster. and actual
drilling may soon be in order. The San
Juan district, eight miles east from Hol
lister, has one company. In the Hollister
district one company has a well down
some distance and there are three other
companies on- the ground that have not
begun to drill.
Drilling in the Panoche District.
"With twenty years of. refining behind tho oil
industry of the State, there ought • to be no
one who would ask the question whether there
is any refined oil produced in California. At
the present time the refiners are paying from
$1 25 for 24-gravtty oil up to $1 40 for 32-gra.vlty,
and it is a well-known fact that the amount
of oil being refined In California for illuminat
ing purposes is steadily increasing.
The reflntng of illuminating oil haa passed
the experimental point, and the amount of
cil refined in California is only governed by
the amount of acceptable grades to b« pro
duced. It la not claimed that the crude oil of
California Is so rich in illuminating properties
as that of the Pennsylvania fields, but much
of it is better than the Russian oil, and Russia
is to-day producing about one-half of all .the
illuminating oil used In the world.
Of the new field that has been located
near Acton, between Acton and Vincent
stations, on the line of the Southern Paci
fic road, in the mountains north of Los
Angeles, the Los Angeles limes says that
a claim of 2200 acres has been secured by
W. H. Broome. a retired railroad man.
Passenger conductors on the line are his
associates. A fancy price is already
asked for land in the vicinity.
A well will be drilled at Tomales, Maxln
County, In the hope of striking oil.
Tho Los Angeles HeraM thinks it is
suspicious that several papers have begun
to discuss the proposition as to whether
there is any illuminating- oil in Califor
nia's soil. Having In view the fact that
the Union Oil Company and the Pacific Oil
Company have had refineries in operation
for about twenty years and that for the
last. few years the Puente Company has
been operating a refinery and turning out
illuminating oil, as have the two other
companies named for a longer period,
there would seem to be room for the Her
ald to entertain suspicion. The Herald
states the case as. follows:
New Field Near Acton.
. The Los Angeles Herald carefully fig
ures out that the surplus production of
oil In the Los Angeles local field is about
15,000 barrels per month. The competition
of the Kern River district Is given as the
reason that there Is a surplus. With the
exception of 20,000 barrels per month, says
the Herald, all the oil used by the South
ern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads comes
from the Kern River fields. Production
in Los Angeles remains at 3000 to 3500 bar
rels per day. The use of oil fuel by manu
facturers in the Los Angeles field in
creases, but the Kern River field took
away customers. San Francisco as a
market has been captured by the Kern
River district and the hope of Los Angele3
that the shipping of oil by sea from there
to San Francisco would grow. to very
large proportions has not been realized.
The Herai- thinks that the present situa
tion is only temporary and urges com
bination on the part of the oil producers
to care for the surplus oil.
An oil company has been Incorporated
in Shasta County that has no stock for
sale. Ten business men of Redding are
the lncorporators. The capital stock
amounts to only 511,000 and there are 110
shares of $100 each. The company will be
known as the Phoenix Land and Oil Com
pany- The ten members of the organiza
tion will do whatever development woric
they think best and will also take all the
profits of their enterprise if it should
prove to be profitable. This i3 so unique
a corporation that it deserves some men
tion. The incorporators h»ve secured a
tract of 2000 acres of patented land in
Stinking Canyon. The company is com
posed of the following named: A. w. Et
ter. D. M. Etter. II. R. Bemis. J. W.
Potts, Z. Chenowlth. F. P. Frimm, Louis
Moore, \V. H. Bergh, E. S. Watson, H.
Clineschmidt and Thomas Finnell.
*
TRUSTED CLERK CHABGED
WITH PETTY LARCENY
William Doyle; assistant shipping clerk
in the plumbing department of j Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson, was arrested yesterday
by Detective Dillon' on two charges of
petty larceny. He is 27 years of; age and
has been fourteen years in the employ of
the firm. ¦ .
A few months ago J. F. O'Connor, a
plumber at Eighteenth andiCastro streets,
married' Doyle's sister, and it is alleged
that since thenvDoyle has been supplying
him with plumbing goods without notify
ing'the firm of the fact. It is also said
that he has been spending money too-free
ly at the coursing park.- '•¦¦„ •¦-•
A warrant was sworn out for O'Connor's
arrest on the charge of receiving stolen
goods and a search warrant was also pro
cured to search his premises forthe stolen
goods; ....... ...
J. Harrison Parker, assistant business
manager of the Chicago Times-Herald, is
out here on a short visit. Mr. Parker has
not visited the city for many years, but
it is more than a desire to revisit San
Francisco that has- brought him again to
this coast. The Chicago newspaper man
holds the promise of Miss Edith Stubhd.
daughter of J. C. Stubbs. the well known
railroad man, to make him the happiest
of mortals, and during his stay here Mr.
Parker is enjoying the society of his
fiancee and renewing old acquaintances.
The engagement of Miss Stubbs and Mr.
Parker was announced last June. The
betrothal was the culmination of a. charm
ing romance, dating back to- childhood
days" when both Mr. Parker 'and Mlsa
Stubbs were at school in Oakland.
Up to the no date has been set
for the wedding of the young people.
CHICAGO NEWSPAPER MAN
ON A VISIT TO FIANCEE
20
ADVERTISEMENT^ .^¦^____"J__^^
* i <
] The Shirt Waist Store. \
Time to b^ thinking of summer dresses; time to be *
I buying, too. Th; prettiest lots go first, th? ex:ljsive pat- '-„
\ terns are first to give out — the whole line of dress stuffs and j
[ trimmings are in. No use waiting; delay m?ans disappoint- j-
\ ment. Every week means smaller stocks and harder choosing. jl
! PANNE BROADCLOTH -A soft finished fabric of pure wool K
— a. rich, silky surface in .30 new shadings — 52 inches wide — pastel :
I colorings predominate — although % reseda, mignon, caprice, vieux j
rose and ox blood are shown ...*. f|A V«p|1 \
.a For siU at t*e Market- street sto-e cnlv. K
j SATIN SOUDAN SUITINGS-An all-wool material with a \
1 rich satin surface — pastel shadings and black — c , t f\f\ ¦%/«-» t -»,i u
45 inches wide .Ol.Uil YaPU *
Fc ale at the Ma'ket-sinet ston only. j
! PEBBLE CHEVIOTS-Greens, modes, tans, old rose. K obe- 5
Q lins and most of the staple shades — 36 inch es^ wide —^just the thing J
r for children's school dresses and for ladies' or»/-» \f»>»-..rl !
1 walking suits dJC YaPG 5
For <a!e at the M nhet- street store cnly. A
j DONEGAL HOMBSPUNS-500 yards bought at a ridiculously \
low price from a money-pressed New York maker — a regular $1 s
value al! over »Jie United States — just the thing for outing suits, 'i
etc. — in five shades of Oxford gray — 50 inches ,q Vc»t»H S
wide — wears like leather — absolutely dust proof.. "TtoC YaPU i
Fjr sj !r at the Mirket-street store only. j
Wash Fabrics. \
I IMPORTED FOULARDS-Mercerized wash foulards in light, {
dark and medium shades — a beautiful silk finish and in the very H
newest of summer patterns — 28 inches wide AClr Vqi»H *
' lor sale at iht Market-street stire only. \
MERCERIZED SILK ZEPHYR-The most popular fabric P
i of the year — for waists— it is a direct imitation of real silk and is \
much more washable — the new shades of pink, old rose, lav- j
: ender and blue are shown in patterns of polka *yer~. \/r, nr i I
dots, bowknots and stripes — 33 inches wide OOC Y 2m Q J
|i For iale at ike Market-street s ore only.
i EMBROIDERED SWISS DOTS-A new fabric in linon \
: effects — tbis is in creat demand for summer dresses and waists, ;
¦'1 and is shown in a splendid assortment of sh?d- £-»,»— «/ * \
ings-27 inches wide 25C YaPd j
:: For sale at the Ma kei-street store cnly. \
AD VERTISEMENTS,
< , .
THE
5 X i s
M : Mi
¦ I n i
OF McKITTRlCK * '
(IJ»C02?02ATED),
OWNS
THE FAMOUS
DABNEY
GUSHER.
HAS TEN
PRODUCING
WELLS,
IS DRILLING
FOUR MORE,
WILL PAY A
DIVIDEND
APRIL 1st,
ARE SELLING
OIL IN
The Dabney Com-
pany offers a
GILT-EDGED
INVESTMENT
In a small block of its
Treasury Stock at
$1 .00
i per share
Commencing April I each
month the Dabney Oil Co.
will pay dividends of not less
than i per cent per month.
Can you invest money to a bet-
ter advantage than in their
stock?
Offices of the Company,
330 PINE STREET,
San Francisco, ¦
Relative to price and terms
for Oil in car lots appjjr at
above office;
<3 '¦ — : ' i
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
JUANITA OIL CO.
1100 acres in McK It trick; drilling 1 -trella. S
contracted for; 1C0.000 shares selling at So; non-
assessable. Price 10c March 15. Asphaltum for
salo by contract. Prospectus and maps fur-
ViS*?? hy W - M - RICHARDS. Vlc« President.
gtS Market St.. San Francisco.
NAPA AND BERRYESSA VAIXET OUt
COMPANT-Omtrols 10CO acres ot U. S. patent-
ed land. In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil In California Is found; stock at Z9
cents; prospectus furnished. 570 and 671 Parrott
bulldlnsr, San Francisco.
SA'INAS OIL AND DEVELfPMEHT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTT
TVell down 300 leet: small amount of treasury
stock at »5c per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J B. OLSCN
Secretary. K7« Parrott building. San Francisco!
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKlttrtck District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur.>
nlshed at room 608 Safe Deposit Buildlne J21
Montgomery bc -4WSIV
THE WELLINGTON
OP SUNSET— PROVEN OIL. LAND.
Controls 4W acr«s. Are drilling. Somertoek
is b*tngr sold at S0c per share. Inrormatloiiand
prospectus furnished on application. No £
Second Floor. Mills Bultdlnr; Saa I^ancLioa. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PYRAMID PILE CURE
Physicians Recommend It, Druggists
Sell It, Everybody Praisss It.
If we could sell one package of Pyramid
Pile Cure to every person in America who
Is troubled with piles and who would glad-
ly Rive the 50 ennts to be rid of piles, we
would have about ten million dollars. The
only reason that we> don't sell that many
packages this year is that we will not be
able to get ten million people to try it.
Just one application wih prove its merit
and amply repay the cost of a whole box.
The effect is Immediate. Comfort comes
at once, and continued treatment will
•cure any case, no matter how bad.
Pyramid Pile Cure soothes the inflamed
surface the instant It touches it, heals It,
reduces the swelling, and puts the parts
Into a healthy, active condition. There is
no substitute for It. Nothing compares
with it. ,¦ • M
We have never heard of a single case
that It failed to cure; we have heard of
thousands that It has cured quickly and
completely.
Here are a couple of letters recently re-
From George C Geick, Owens Mill, Mo.:
"Some time ago I bought a package of
Pyramid Pile Cure for my wife, who had
suffered very much. The first trial did her
more good than anything she has ever
tried. » It is just what Is claimed for It."
From Richard Loan, Whlpple, Ohio:
"I have used the Pyramid Pile Cure and
am entirely pleased and satisfied with re-
sults. It does the work and no mistake."
The proprietors of the Pyramid Pile
Cure could publish columns of similar let-
ters but these are enough to show what
it will do in different cases.
All druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cure* or
will get it for you. It Is 50 cents per pack-
age, and made only by the Pyramid Drug
Co. of Marshall, Mich, •___
Moet&
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
Mouse in the World.)
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor— NEW YORK TIMES.
Sadway's
Pil!s
: . Purely vegetable, - mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, • completa absorption and
healthful regularity. - . * :
For tho euro of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver," Bowels, ¦ Kidneys, Bladder,' Female Ir-
regularities, ¦ Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. . ¦ At Druggists, or
by mall, ,:; TIADWAT,* CO.; New. York,-
Prisoners Sentenced. Paiil's Shoes to Be Sold.
Judge Lawlor yesterday sentenced The best opportunity ever offered to the
"Long-Shot" Conley, the jockey, to pay public— to-morrow (Monday) we will sell
a f.ne of $200. with the alternative of 100 500 pairs W. t*. Douglas' shoes, worth 54
days in the County Jail, for stabbing Wil- and $5. for t2.35: boys'. Toe; 500 pairs Lilly
liam Shannon, another colored man. Delia Brackett & Co. men's Qxblood wpnh
Sheehy, a thieving domestic, convicted of $4, for $1.65; Pahl's own make, worth S3
¦pxand larceny, was sent to San Quentin j to J10, for J2.75; ladies' black or tan
for three years. Frank Alison, a boy of shoes and ties, 50c. 324 Kearny street,
17 vears of age, pleaded puilty before near Bush. ~ •
Judge Cook to attempting to break into ¦ ? ¦ —
a fiore at H19 Market street February 1 People associate with their own kind
and was sent to the lone School. Just as naturally as water seeks Its level.
V& lJ-'T'Hy >-> Vx% Polished Golden Oak 'S§
H extension 9 p%
ii PW^PJ^^^^S T a b' e > $9.75 di
}sji P y *fec£l- >^"* 1 15? J* 'A^Xas A round one, a stylish one, SaS
n / A^-j?m-,-' it t-~. 'Wr^S&x the kind you seldom find for less wA
yi /nv&* i $F^!HsT~ than $I5 or Sl2 at the ver y C&
y\$ 1 1 I'l^ZJ^—r^l—M-^iA — least — one that will accom- §PV
5^ Y/ *y' ¦vTit^l ''El 1 S^T — modate a dozen and be the cen- Kf$
*3r\ y W^^AjSi'rO 1 V- : l • trc °f many a pleasant gather- p$0
gW ' X,.^ V// v/ .elf v'^ t Ing— a staunchly made table, W*J
3&J tWEZZt-T-^ ' g% * v. made to last a life time. \^g
What the Dining Room Costs W>
psj ThHt handsome table pictured An imported, decorated din- £r^I
QA above $9-75 ner set of 100 pieces 5 9.90 rv&
£& a u r . , , , Or you need not take the )^2
**Tj A golden 02R China closet to ful , set Pick out what
K£S match pnot in you need. We break sets. 1W
some modern houses) if you T . , , . . t»^
S«V need it ic 2? Two pairs of lace curtains pLJ
-^. " •••••••••• 3. > at, say $1.50 a pair, quite \Pji
£C> The sideboard as pictured. . . . 17.50 A S°fd ones. 3.00 »J4
£fc r ' 3 A bet of water glasses 20 /TS
e« Say 25 yards of carpet at 75c £ ft °J J38E f glaSSCS 3 ?
y&Tj «vard .«« A set of goblets , 45 &tsL
J2& 75 A set of knives, triple plate 1.25 «
Z3A This Is a good grade. You A set of forks, " i.cxs ga
ma could have a cheaper one or "A set of table spoons " i.oo ay
O?^ use an art square^ — cheaper A set of tea spoons " 50 g^i
5>»3 Six fine oak dining chairs— the room look cheery bet- So
iryj strong brace-arm chairs at $ 1 6.00 ween meals 2.00 KgS
Not a formidable total, is it? $88.35 g$J
Polished . J3JJS'«
<& Golden Oak P^^l ¦•«
85 Sideboard $17.50 g
Good picture— sideboard Is even better ji $i
iEJV than picture would lead you to expect jfctt*l&$t<ij'&& '• 3 m d£&
JZiJ /it \'\ \'" n^'~"'*~Z——^l. C ** t-irt
t!5? It Is 6 f:st, 5 inches high and 42 inches //I'-M
lined drawer for silverware. French-plate '<}'~nT'~j'Tj^^ J^V
gfi When Buying on Credit- - 8S
tlf your payments extend over a period of six, eight, ten months or more— )&}
%rjL twice enough time to prove or disprove our representation of the vJS
I/ft goods sold to you I , 2^.1
ng Can all the "guarantees" a cash house could write from now 'till 9Q
>S3 doome day compare with this ? §!$j
|5j| You Have the Goods and Money Too! ijpf
Our advertisement, the plainly marked price tag on every article In £Jg
£§f the store and your own good common sense will tell you that our prices \5^g
YjL are as low or lower than cash stores ask. V^B
Vfg Don't you like the Idea of BUYING ON APPROVAL? Jgj£
1 Sterling Furniture Company It
g? 103p . MARKET ST.
Free Delivery In Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley l^^-^>?fi
KCC%3Q TELEPHONE SOUTH boo pZ&djM
ADVERTISEMENT^
CONTAGION AND INFECTION.
La Grippe Is Infectious but Not Con-
tagious.
Contagious diseases ar« communicated
from one person to another; Infectious
diseases are conveyed through the air.
Smallpox Is a contagious disease: La
Grippe Is Infectious. When an epidemic of
the grip Is prevailing It 13 in the air w»
breathe, and no one is safe.
The only' safeguard Is to keep the sys-
tem In the highest possible condition of
health, and on the first appearance of a
cold In the head to use some safe antisep-
tic like Stuart's Catarrh Tablets freely.
A tablet taken every hour or two for a
couple of days will be sufficient to break
up the attack.
La Grippe attacks the weakest part of
the system; It may be the lungs, heart,
liver, stomach or kidneys, but wherever It
finally locates It almost Invariably starts
w'th cold In the head and throat, or. In
other words, the disease at the beginning
is acute cartarrh.
This is the reason Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so successful In break-
Ing ' up attacks of grip. The antiseptic
properties of the remedy destroy the
serms before the whole system is thor-
oughly infected.
Dr. Annlston says: Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, being free from cocainw and
harmful. drups. Bhould be freely used at
this time of year on the first appearance
of Rrip symptoms.
They check the excessive catarrhal
secretions, stop the fever and prevent
pneumonia.
They are composed of antiseptics and
may be used by little children as freely as
by adults and with great benefit.
Dr. Lewlston says: My usual prescrip-
tion for the gTlp Is Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, which can be found at all drugstores.
Keep to the house for a day or two and
use the tablets freely, and I have never
heard any complaint of failure to cure.
The best opportunity yet offered in
OIL.^ For a few dollars I can out you
in a new company, on the ground floor.
JAS. R. T. HERSHON,
537, 538, 539, 550 Parrott Building,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges in my office.
W. W. . M0HTA6UE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
I IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR itIXKS.
TANKS
FOR OIL, FOR WATER. FOR CTANXDB
PLANTS.
/ SAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
California Fortune Oil Co*
80 acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrtck. CO acres
In Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and prot-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE, Secretary, room 611 Parrott bide. S. V.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
Olland REFINING
COMPANY
Owns 4414 acres 8 miles west of Artrackte.
Colusa County, in the heart or the oil district.
Paraffine base oil. Limited amount of stock
at 2tc; will be advanced March S to 50c; 30.000
shares sold in 10 days. Information and pros-
pectus furnished. Office
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco,
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Lands in heart of Kern River Dlst.; owns 320
acres; 100.000 shares capital stock; limited
amount of treasury stock for sale at 73 cents.
Write or call for information and arMpectua.
CHAS. CONKLIN. Sec GenL office. M7 Market.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LANDS AT McKITTRlCK.
STOCK - -_ JL 25 CENTS.
Company has no debts, money In thi
treasury; soon commence drilllnjr.
Sat e Deposit '. Bids., 328 Montgomery St.
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT
Oil absolutely cure; heart of produclne sec-
tion. Drilling; be In oil sands la 15 aLn
Small amount treasury stock. 50c. Write for
prospectus or calL 393 Parrott bids;., S. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
la a company owning produdn* w»n.
20c Per >. Share.
Writ* or call for Information.
OCCTUENTAI. OIIj CO.. 471 Parrott Bulldln*.
If y^ REGISTERED TRADE MARK <«!w . If
r*Sthr^ ftt*^ Style and economy
cW5 meet * n H. & M. Bias |k
/$yw JSS&v Velveteen and Coruuruy H
U^ mmMr Skirt Bindin s s - i
0 jlP'tlllP' e s tyle— effective- \
\^^ro Tp^^p ness — elegance — speak I
\^y-/ tov themselves in every \
/f jLHf yard. The economy \
1 /^lioiSpk^w develops later.
1 i^S^MV "Cheap" bindings j
t K^mSSk are "cheap" indeed. :
I m^^m^^k You find that out
! 11'P^^ when y° u have to i
jj \[\l\np7 )£m replace them several jjj
t l&iMf^v^y times, at a, cost of |
jj vfr\Tj^ much, money and |
% \l NfifinX valuable time. . |
f. I W*h *?.• *"*• & M # Bindings I
1 . \§t] are b es t *° begin with j
I qA yws — cheapest to end with. \
% \£ 'yIvl Another point— they j
jjj V\ won't chafe the shoe. i
I \\ i4 Still another — they \
I w\ are the best protection J
Ji against the heel. £
1 It will pay to look t
\ ] f V\\\ onthebackoronthe \
t I ¦-¦¦ yj \ label of your skirt \
A* % I \\ \ binding purchases \
• j / /^ vi^^^™l A forthe registered §is over his scare. We're lucky to be alive,
I say."
Fun risM *:29
Pun sets 0:12
Moon rises 11:21 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
j the early morninsr tides aro given in the left
> hand column and the successive tides of the
•5ay in the order of occurrence ~ as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of tb« day. except when there are but three
tides, a» sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when *
minus (— ) slpn precede* tha height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is Oi* mean of the lower low waters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
1 The Admiral Tegetthoff will load lumber on
SUNDAY, MARCH 10.
NOTE— The hlifh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of ti<1» Is the. same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Cdted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
TO SAIL
Ship Iroquols, Thompson, 6 days from Ta
coma.
Bark Diamond Head, Peterson, IS days from
Honolulu.
Hark Guy C Goss, Gllmore, 6 days from Oys
ter Harbor. <
Bark Mohican, Kel!y, 21 days from Honolulu.
Schr Halcyon, Johneon, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Ivy. Samuelson, 3 days from Coos Bay.
Fchr James A Garfleld, Rleturn. 4 days from
Gr«:» Harbor.
Rchr Jennie Thelln, Jensen, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
. SAILED.
Saturday, March 9.
Stmr Chas Nelson. KUtgaard. Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Crescent City.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria,
Strr.r Matteawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
SUmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Arcata. Nelpon, Coop 3ay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Thistle, Peterson, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Stmr Mackinaw, I,lttleneld, Seattle.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jamieson, San Pedro.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas.
Stmr Lakme. Pchaje. San Pedro.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck. Portland.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Tlllamook.
Brigr W G Invln. Barthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Hunting, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Gem, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Schr Volant, Halverson, Puget Sound.
Schr Esther Buhne. Olsen, .
SPOKEN.
Nov 7. no lat. Ion 122 W— Ger ship Roden
bek. rrom Seattle, for Qu^enstown.
Dee 27, lat S5 S, Ion 63 W— Ship Dlrljro. hence
Oct 20. for Liverpool.
FVb 12, lat 25 N. Ion 20 W— Er ship Maxwell,
from Shields, for Fan Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark Diamond Head, from Honolulu,
March 9*-Frcm Feh :o to 26 had a succession of
southerly rales. Carried away the bulwarks
and rails on both sides and did other damage
on deck.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 9, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived March 8— Schr R
W Bartlett, from "VVhatcom.
TACOMA — Arrived March 9— Bark Tidal
Wave, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 9— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Tftcoma.
Railed March 9— Stmr Hyaden, for San Fran
cisco. March 8— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for Val
d*-z; stmr Humboldt. for Skaguay.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived March 9— Ger
bark Antuco, from Santa Rosalia.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 9— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro.
Sailed outward March 9 — Schr Fred E San
der, for San Pedro.
Arrived March 9— Schr Philippine, from
Santa Rosalia.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 8— Schr Sadie,
from Umpo.ua.
POINT RETES— Pasred March 9. 1 p m— Br
Etmr Milton, from Nanaimo. for San Dlcgo.
COOS BAY— Barbound March 9— Stmr Homer,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 9— Stmr Empire, hence Mnh 6.
E1TRKKA — Arrived March 9— Schr Mary
Buhne hence March 2; stmr Scotia, hence
March 7.
Sailed March 9— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 8— Tus: Defi
ance, hence March 7. •
Sailed March 9— Nor stmr Bergenhus, for
Hongkonsr.
FOIIT BRACJG~Salled March 9— Stmr Noyo,
for Sun Kranclsco.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 9— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— To sail March 10— Br etmr Are
quira, for flan Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 8— Dr etmr
Queen Adelaide, from Tacoma.
SHANGHAI— Palled March 2— Nor stmr Nor
man IfIps. for Oregon.
IXJVBR— Passed March 8— Ital ship Fran
cesco Ciampa, from Newcastle, England, for
Bun Francisco: Br ship Largo Law, for Van
couver.
COIX». T — Sajled March 7— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived Marrh 9— Br Btmr
Doric, brnr* Ffh ?.
CORONEI-— Arrival Marc 1 ! s_ptnr Hawaiian,
from New Ycrk. f<r Tan Francisco.
OCHAH STEAMERS.
NE"VV YORK-ira'.led Mirth 9— Stmr Patria,
for Hnrnburif. via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr Lucanla, for Liveipool; ctmr Hohanzol
lern, for Naples, etc; cruising yacht Prlnzessln
Victoria Lulse, fcr Genca, etc.
Arrived March 9— Stmr Germanic, from Llv
1 erpool.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 9-Stmr Noord
land, for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Salled March 9-Stmr Campa
nia.' for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed March 9— Stmr L'Aquitaine,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Mnrch 9-Stmr New
Tork, from Southampton, for NVw York.
• BREMKN— Sailed March 9— Stmr Koenejrfn
Lul.xe, for Xfw York.
BOSTON — Arrived March 9 — Stmr Common
wealth, from Livfrrocl.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 9—
Stmr Tena Maru. from Seattle, via Yokohama,
GRENOCK— Arrived March 9— Stmr Llvonian.
from Philadelphia.
QIIEENSTOWN — Arrived Mnrch 9 — Stmr
Penniand. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
PLYM.OUTH— Arrived March 9-Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Hamburg.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
OWING to th^Ir own carelessness
two your.g rnen well known on
tho water front nearly lost their
lives by drowning la*t Friday.
Thpy b<-.rrowe«l a Tvhttoha.il and
FnilM over to G<~>at. Islard to catch a mesa
of fish for that cvming's meal. After fish
ing with fair success for a couple of hours
mi> of the fl^hTmpn lay down in the bot
tom of the boat and went to pleep. His
companion thought he could sail the.
Whitehall to San Francisco, but as soon
as Y-.e g-ot the sail «-et a. sudden squall cap
t'.ze<i the craft. Both men -were thrown
into the water, but manaped to get on
the bottom of ihe boat, and for an hour
•^i-*= r «i ewept to and fro by the eddies that
abound about Goat Island. Then the tug
Vigilant frcm the naval training station
cam* along: and took the men off. The
Whitehall was cast adrift, horrever, and
has probably pone out to pea.
The two young men were Richard Mc-
Donald, known to everybody on the front
&a '"Red Dick," and Gus Perata of 617
Front street. "Red Dick" is a good boat
man, but Guf Unows more about the mix
ing of cocktails than he does about hand
ling a. Whitehall. He is barkeeper for his
father, who keeps a saloon at 617 Front
Street. _=, ,
"Gus wanted to po fishing, paid Dick
v^fterday. "bo I promised to pet a boat
and take him o;:t. We intended to be pone
all day and took some refreshments alonp.
I sailed the whltf-hall over to the Island
and w-e soon caught »• pood mess of fish.
I got tir*-d and lay down to have a sleep.
The next thing I knew I was choking in
the water. Gus had got tired of fishing
and wanting to go home, he had hauled
in the anchor and set sail. A squall
etruck the boat and Gus did uot know
what to do. so over she went.
"Well we managed to get on the bot
tom of the boat, and there we stuck for
over an hour. Once we drlfied in under
th«» lighthouse, but w» could not make
anybody hear. Then an eddy carried us
out Into the nay again and the current
sent u» down toward the Oakland long
wharf. Juft when we had given up all
hope and were saying our prayers the
Vigilant came along and took us aboard.
I was nearly frozen to death and Gus was
more dead than alive. We soon came
around, however, but when we came to
look for oi:r wnitehall rhe was pone. The
crew of the tug said they could not make
fa*t to her and were compelled to pet her
adrift. We are out the boat and all our
tackle, and it will be a year before Gus
NAVAL TUG VIGILANT RESCUING TWO YOUNG M£N FOUND CLINGING TO THE BOTTOM OF AN OVER
TOBXED WHITEHALL THEY HAD BEEN OUT FISHING AND WHEN MAKING FOR HOME A SUDDEN
SQUALL CAPSIZED THE CRAFT
Saturday, March 9.
Stmr Slrnal. Bendecard, 3V4 days from San
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, 42 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 100 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jamieson. 24 hours from
Eureka; bound to i-an Pedro; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Grace Dollar, For^n, 73 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Lnknip. Schne*-. 27 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put In to land passengers.
Ptmr South Coart. Olsen, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
U S ttmr Gedney, Dlckins, from surveying
cruise.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Pugret Sound for Antof^iracta; the Ilala. wheat
at Tacoma for South Africa. (3a 64; the S. I).
Canton, coal at Taconu for Honolulu.
The following v^ss-jIs have been chartered
prior to arrival: The County of LinilthKow.
wheat at Portland for Europe. 3Se 9d: th*
Chas. F. Crocker, lumber on Puget Sound for
Kobe. 60s; the British rteamer Goodwin, lum
ber on Puget Sound for Manila; the Marguerite
Dollfus. wheat at this port for Europe. 42s M;
th« ICiobe, whea-t at Portland for Europe. 41s
3d: th- Prince Alb=rt. lumber at Hastings
Mills for Cork, for orders; the Roland, lum
ber on Pupet Sound for Cork, for orders, 85s:
the Thessalus, lumber at Portland for Cape
Town.
us Perata and Dick McDonald Drift Around on the Bottom
of the Boat for an Hour Before They Are Picked
Up by the Naval Training Stations Tug Vigilant
TWO MEN NEARLY DROWNED OWING
TO CAPSIZING OF A WHITEHALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 1O, 1901.
21
Steamer, j Destination. |SalU.j Pier.
March lO? 1 |
Santa Rosa... San Dleiro 9 am Pier 11
March 11.
N'ewbur* Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Etn Pedro HumboMt 10 am Pier 2
.March 12.
Eureka HumbcMt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 amjPler 9
Bonlta Newport 9 am | Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 mjPler »
Mnrrh 1 J.. ¦ |
Australia Tahiti 4 pm|Pler 7
Queen San Diego 9 am]Pler 11
Oaeo Dollar. Grays Harbor S pmjPler 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am I'ler 13
March 14.
Pomona Hutnt-oldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia 'Astoria & Fortlnnd 11 am Pier 24
Rainier jS^attl* &. N. What. 10 am Pier 2
Argo Ooquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Ncme City ... HumhoMt 10 am Pier 2
i March 15. I
Arcata Ic.ooa Bay ..112 mlPler 13
Amer. Maru.' r h)na and Japan... 1 pm' PMSS
Corona J Newport 9 ajnjPler 11
; March 1O. |
Marlpo** iHonolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Coronado JGrays Harbor Pier —
Uandalay ir'oqullle River Pier —
Point Arena, j Point Arona 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbari Feat'.le dlrrct IPif-r 2
Steamer. | • From. I Due.
1 :
Coqulllo River. I Grays Haraor 1 Mar. 10
Quwn San Diego Mar. 10
Uonlta Newport Mar» 10
Australia Tahiti Mar. 10
Eureka Huroboldt Mar. 10
Ban Pedro San Pedro Mar. 10
Columbia. Portland and Astoria.. (Mar. 11
Prosreso Taeoma Mar. 11
Chlco Tillamock Bay Mar. 12
Crescent City. . Crescent City .'..;Mar. 12
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 12
Tltanla Nanaltno Mar. 12
Pomona jHumboIdt' ,.|Mar. 12
Newport IPanama & Way Ports. |Mar. 12
Umpire ]Coos Bay 'Mar. 1*
Anjo Icoquille River Mar. 12
Areata Coos Bay Mar. 13
Walla Walla... I Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Martposa (Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapcl Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
Washtenaw Tscoma | Mar. 13
Nome City !San Diego "....:...!Mar. 13
Robt. Dollar... | Seattle iMar. 13
Rainier :Kan Pedro Mar. 13
I'oint Arena... jPolnt Arena |Mar. li
Santa Rosa (San Diego |Mar. H
Hyades jS»»attle Mar. 14
W. H. Kn3Ber..iTillamook Bay Mar. 14
Mandalay Coquille Ri\-er Mar. II
Arsyl* 'New York via Panama Mar. 1".
City of Peking.! China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork JHumboldt Mar. 15
Santa Barbara.! Ban Pedro Mar. 15
Kvarven 'Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 16
G. XV. Elder I Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
G Time Time nine rime
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• II W L. W H W L W
10 ... J:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 »:3S 4.0 8:22 2.6
11 ... 1:43 6.0 9:40 0.9 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
It ... J:M 6.0 10:40 0.8 C:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
12 ... 4:19 6.C 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.J
It ... 5:21 4.8 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
t, V H W L. \V H W
i; .. 0:44 3.0 6:34 E.O 1:34 O.I 8:42 4.7
1« ... l:4i 2.€ 7M0 5.1 2:25 0.2 8:23 6.0
G Time Time nine rime
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• II W L. W H W L W
10 ... J:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 »:3S 4.0 8:22 2.6
11 ... 1:43 6.0 9:40 0.9 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
It ... J:M 6.0 10:40 0.8 C:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
12 ... 4:19 6.C 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.J
It ... 5:21 4.8 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
t, V H W L. \V H W
i; .. 0:44 3.0 6:34 E.O 1:34 O.I 8:42 4.7
1« ... l:4i 2.€ 7M0 5.1 2:25 0.2 8:23 6.0
Steamer, j Destination. |SalU.j Pier.
March lO? 1 |
Santa Rosa... San Dleiro 9 am Pier 11
March 11.
N'ewbur* Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Etn Pedro HumboMt 10 am Pier 2
.March 12.
Eureka HumbcMt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 amjPler 9
Bonlta Newport 9 am | Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 mjPler »
Mnrrh 1 J.. ¦ |
Australia Tahiti 4 pm|Pler 7
Queen San Diego 9 am]Pler 11
Oaeo Dollar. Grays Harbor S pmjPler 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am I'ler 13
March 14.
Pomona Hutnt-oldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia 'Astoria & Fortlnnd 11 am Pier 24
Rainier jS^attl* &. N. What. 10 am Pier 2
Argo Ooquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Ncme City ... HumhoMt 10 am Pier 2
i March 15. I
Arcata Ic.ooa Bay ..112 mlPler 13
Amer. Maru.' r h)na and Japan... 1 pm' PMSS
Corona J Newport 9 ajnjPler 11
; March 1O. |
Marlpo** iHonolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Coronado JGrays Harbor Pier —
Uandalay ir'oqullle River Pier —
Point Arena, j Point Arona 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbari Feat'.le dlrrct IPif-r 2
Steamer. | • From. I Due.
1 :
Coqulllo River. I Grays Haraor 1 Mar. 10
Quwn San Diego Mar. 10
Uonlta Newport Mar» 10
Australia Tahiti Mar. 10
Eureka Huroboldt Mar. 10
Ban Pedro San Pedro Mar. 10
Columbia. Portland and Astoria.. (Mar. 11
Prosreso Taeoma Mar. 11
Chlco Tillamock Bay Mar. 12
Crescent City. . Crescent City .'..;Mar. 12
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 12
Tltanla Nanaltno Mar. 12
Pomona jHumboIdt' ,.|Mar. 12
Newport IPanama & Way Ports. |Mar. 12
Umpire ]Coos Bay 'Mar. 1*
Anjo Icoquille River Mar. 12
Areata Coos Bay Mar. 13
Walla Walla... I Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Martposa (Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapcl Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
Washtenaw Tscoma | Mar. 13
Nome City !San Diego "....:...!Mar. 13
Robt. Dollar... | Seattle iMar. 13
Rainier :Kan Pedro Mar. 13
I'oint Arena... jPolnt Arena |Mar. li
Santa Rosa (San Diego |Mar. H
Hyades jS»»attle Mar. 14
W. H. Kn3Ber..iTillamook Bay Mar. 14
Mandalay Coquille Ri\-er Mar. II
Arsyl* 'New York via Panama Mar. 1".
City of Peking.! China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork JHumboldt Mar. 15
Santa Barbara.! Ban Pedro Mar. 15
Kvarven 'Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 16
G. XV. Elder I Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
O ; 0
9 9
©Hi ¦-. mz*£\ •
® %g) &S0 11 Bfl ©
2 ®
o &
§ is the time g
g you leave g
g SAN FRAMCISCO S
q for Chicago ©
$ on the S
6 •
o o
§ California Limited |
9 O
o o
o the great train •
9 O
» on tho •
© •
© \ A nl I A hi" «
§ s
oeooeao8oeoc»occe«c«»»
Mwu-riiKit* rat'iria <:oni>AaT.
iPACirlC SYStKM.I
Tr»lna lrn*«> uml nr« «ln<> la nrrlf* at
SIN rtiAMCIMVO.
(Ma. 11 Lii.e. Foot of Market SlraeL)
LItTI FKOll It HRl -I 1, IDOL — ARIIITS
7:S»A Brnlda. auismi, Elmira, Taat^
Ruuiaey aliil nanriiiiietiut TlSOr
-:3«a D»tU. Uih.u*,..!. Kolgbta Laadinz.
M.tr>ari:;e. omrM.- TlSAr
TinoA Atlantic Kxproaa— Ogxloti ami Eaat< lS:»Or
».O»« llartii.e--., .i.n lUuiuii.Villrjo. »*()».
i'ali<t.(;* »u<l Stiir-i Rou Vl20p
8:O«a KU-i». Mi-ermori-, Tr*cy, La'.hrop,
.Stoekton TtSOT
Si3Ua 8huu Exprraa-IH.Tla. WUUams (for
liartl«tt SprlzcB). Willow*. lte.l
Blull. PotUand 7i50p
Mi3«U San Jute, LiTenu«rr, Ntocktnu,
Ion*. Sacra. nriitii.' Placeitiile,
M-ny«»lilH. Cliicu. Uwl I'.lulT 4i2Op
«:3Ca OakUaic.Chlcrs«. itonnn. Cartara... Ii2<»?
»:»»» Ilaywaril*. Nilri aott Way Htatlona. IliHO*
V:»»\ Un Angelsa E<)>iea« — Martlnw,
Tracy, l^iUirop. Miooktoo. Mereed
Krenno and Los Asgu'ea '. 7i3t»r
!>::«!»* V»i|, j... Maitlnoa aiM VV>y SUtlon* 3i3Wr
¦ <>:<>!> a Th« UtwUihI LJinlte<l-*O((<IeD, V«a-
?er, Oiuah*. Chlcagn «i<1Or
1I:U<Ia IVilrt, Stockton, Hacramrntn, M*n-
«!•¦(». Fnioo. Iltufurd, Vitalia.
l"irt-r»i:io 4>SOv
1 1 :«»* Iirennnn*. Saocrr. Goah«n Juno-
tiim, D^ Uerstiei J. Los Angclea
fl:»Or HikcraiupiiLo i;in.r.S'« f^iOn*
3:<>nr lUywariH, Nil- » ami R*y 8Ution«. UlliOr
4:iMtt> Mm'tiiicr. San KniiT..., Vallejo,
N»l»t. IMWhh Sn»ta ICnaa t»i30»
<t:U»r It-nicla. Wluters. Hacrainnnta.
n'(.,i.l!»nil, Ki.ul.t/I l.»l.lii.l<.
M iry«»l!ltf. <Hntill(. I •»<»O»
4i:i»pH»yw»nU, M!e»»u<l San Jo«o ]*:•"»•*
5:00c Ni.es. Lifernure. Sr.Kki'n. Loii ... 1 0:30 v
g.-f.Uttr aunjct limited. El Pua N:W
«Jrle*M and Ka«t «H»t2OA
5:«npTli.- Ow! Ijiuited— Tracy, fresno.
lUktrRiieM. Hn'ijwn for Santa Uar-
liara, i.e.* An; in 10>20\
.T:0i»p NVw Orl an: £irr'.-sii— llakemilcM.
Siuitu IUrl>*ra. l.iia Angntes. l>iiu-
I..K. i:i Faao. .New Ori«aua an-1
4 Kaat , T.»»»
f B:«Op Kavward^. Nilen and Mah Jose ?i!>Ok
t«:o»r Vulicin ll:30i
I OiU» r Oriental Mnil-Oj leii. CbryeDDO.
Oniahi*, CUkMtfa latSOp
8:OOr Oriei'f il M.»ii— O<i!on. Denver.
Oiiulit, CLi&uro 4»aor
TidOrOri'siinmni (.'allfiTiiU Ilii-rcKK.Nan.
runient.i. \l»rjnvi"n. KviIiIIhk,
l',>.l(ni,.|. |>ii tf st M,m,,,l n>..l rut Si-IO*
Mi*»rSan Pab'.o. F.irt <.'uata. Mirtlnei
ami Way .-nations lliSA*.
t«:OSr VallrJ., 7i3OF
(OAST PIVMin UlarrM Hum).
(Fm.ttf M'.rhct.'ttrMt.t
Uo'il.l'orCn <9k.-iai>t»Ciiixau.l Way
rttetl'Mia «i»O»
t'Jil.ip N-iar.jrk, OdUmIIIo. ttaii Jmo. Nn«r
. Alina<l«». r«lt,.n. Moulder freelt,
Santa t.'rux auil Principal War
Statloua t !•»•¦»•*
4iirir Newark. H*n Jo«o. Ijrm Gates Si-IOi
a'JtiiOr Hunters' Excnnion, Saa Jose and
t 7 » a °»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rum Sk* TlkttlStt—Titl »f latksl SUeit(S:i? 5) —
t7:lS 9:0rt 11.00*. M. 1:C3 3:33 MJru.
fremOHUIB— t»t\ f-StuUij.— f«:00 Jd.00 t3:0l
10:00*. m. 1S:C3 203 1:33 r.M.
tOAVr IIITISIOM (Kroa<l«;an S e).
(Third and TowuwmI Sli.)
'( «: I Oa Ocmii Vl«ir, South Mali l>'riucl.tco. . t«iUOr
7tOO* 8ai> .ln*« mimI Waf HUtlona (Naw
AIum-Icii WwlumJajs only) liS»»
UiOOt Han Jme. Trea fitioa. H-i,t* Crux,
r»eiile «!rut«. l'uo ll>.l>l«s. Han
l.nli Ol>isi>o, Hnrf, I.orupoc and
Principal War HUtlnns 4ilt)»
I»i4a» Baa .Ji.so ami Waf HUMotis <l.a5*
I Ii3»»* Han Jons «ml War HUtluna SiSOr
t9i43p8a» Jl»t«n, Kcdwood. Menlo Fark.
l"»lo Alto. Kanta Clara. Han .]¦>««,
Trea Pino*. Santa «'riii. Salinas.
Monierrym.il 1'aelHa Orr,T« 1IO::IH».
t^iXnp SaaJoceaud War Statlnna ?:3Op
t4:ISp San Joan au>l Principal War Stations ttt43a
t5:OOp dan Jose, Los Oatoa and Priusipal
W»y Stations t9iOA«
SiSOp flan Jnse and Prioelpal Ws j Stations S:33«.
•tSOp San Jose and WarStatlotis (9i»»t
alls43p 9an . loan «i»I War Sutions ?s3»p
A for Morning. P for Aftomoon.
t Hiind»y etenpted. 1 Snaday only. I
g iloni'ajrs. Wednesday*, Fridays.
c Tnndiiys, Thursdays. Hundaym.
a Satardar ni'l»
CALIFORNU NORTB¥€STEBN BY. Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35. 3:%
6:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:t»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aaj
11:30 p. m.
ST7NDATS-8:0O. »:30, ll:C0 a. m.; 1:80. 3:tt.
5:00. 8:20 p. rn.
baa llarasl to Saa Franctaco.
WEEK DATS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:*3.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at US5
and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. m-5 1:40. 1:46V
6:05. l.Z* P. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park,
sam« schedule es above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Franclsctx |Xov. T. 1900. | 8an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 3:40 am
3-30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 4:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 8:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Heatdsbur?.
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm g:00atn Cloverdala. 7:35 pm 8:22 pin
7:30 ami' I Kopland i j
| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| »:23 pm
7:30 am 19 - -25 am
S:0O am Ouernovinei. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm »:Kptn
7:30 am! 8:00 am Scnoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. *:05 pea t:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:25 am
S:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Springs and Whlt« Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton far Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clov«rdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. KelseyviUe. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport.and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L!erl»«y's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvUle. Orr'sHot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal,
WUletts, Laytonvllle, Cummlng». Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market it.. Chronicle bulli-
ias;. R. X. RTAN.
It C. WHITIN'G. Gen. Pas*. Agt.
Cr»n. Manager.
«» .wtBtiUJfrk**.! gj BI^ O If a non-pcl»oTi3Ta
remedy tor GnQorrhrm.
J^jttj^CDEEa^si Olewt. S p#«rm atorrh.va.
.•SJr^yin 1 to5d»r«->6 1 J Whlt«». annatnral <1!j.
/ES5f Oo»r»ntt«il ll charg» . or aar ina.»cam4-
KS*h net u ttrtetur*. tion, | ritatlon or ulcrs.-
y.> »ijpri7cou conmion. tion t m u r o n .« era-
&?7$rH-EvmCHEVi!n»lfa. fcranm. Non-a«trin?fat.
Utri't bv esprw*. prepaid, for
0 Kl »•¦«•• or 3 bottle-. £.73.
Hi CL %Ur »ent oa roqaoai.
Weak Men and Women
SHOUU« USE3 DAMIAMA BITTERa. THB
great Mexican remedy; elves health sm4
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 123 aXarkaw
. — —
I By IRUING BAGHELLER.
250th THOUSAND
Never in the history of literature has any author received
such spontaneous, unanimous and sincere commendation of corw
temporaries as Irvintr Bacheller upon the appearance of "Eben
Holden," the most poDular book of the present day. \
"A forest-scented." fresh-aired, bracing and wholly Amer-
- can story of country and town Hie."— Edmund Clarence \ Steamjn.
"I pass the word alone:: READ 'EBEN HOLDEN'!"—
(Margaret E. Sangsitr.
' . I2tno f gold lettered on red cloth, gilt top, $1.50.
AT ALL BOOKSELLERS.
LOTHROP PUBLISHINQ COMPANYv^BOSTON
Ehe lives at Monmouth. III. Name given
by Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich.
"It wa* a continual delight, the healthy
may of living combined with simplicity,
economy and tl:e highest utility, incurring
no restaurant *>r board bill, and returning
st the end of th*» summer with money in
my pocket, realizing that I had lived
sumptuously every day, for I had lived on
the tnoft perfect food known, and was
renewed in h»^a!th. strength and mental
power end had acquired a complexion so
clear and fresh tinted that I was termed
¦ picture of health and felt myself to be
a happy woman."
"Many meals were made of delicious
Grape-Nuts alone. I experienced a pecu-
liar clearness of intellect and a bodily en-
duranre n^vor known before on the old-
time diet of meat, biscuits, butter, etc.
A little woman «rent to a certain Chau-
tauqua resort last summer and expe-
rienced a most economical and cheerful
way of livinc. Rhe was at that time in a
d^hllitated condition, with poor digestion,
which made it imperative that she have
the right kind cf food and yet such that
was nourishing nnd Ftrcngthening. "so I
took an r-rjuipm^nt of fresh, crisp Grape-
Kuts. During thnt summer I lived on
Grape-Nuts with a little cream or milk.
• nd some ripe fruit such as I could pro-
cure.
A SENSIBLE SUMMER.
for the Least Honey.
A Way to Obtain the Greatest Benefit
CBAPE-NTTTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m S , I ths Best MaKers in America at Less than Wholesale Prices. % |||
1 I' / First on the Mpx-r Cpnh\W C(\r*p1 Wi^T^f B W
j|| W I Listisiha llvW vviilui j vUi Jvl VV CliJl. eg Jp£
Vsgia M f It Is neither a ¦waist nor a corset, but a /combination of both, and la just fc#? *7
*S* h ' a the thing for delicately constituted women who can't stand the pressure fe- 'yl
B a /Wi*\ of a stiff, heavy corset. It Is made of finest fast black or gray Ffl Bj
Vph fj u £fp¥ Italian cloth, long on tho hip or cutaway style, clasp or but- Fa £7
RW H I 5**'*) * on front, with pood strong shoulder straps. Priced in a v.-ay to \raisy
HJ \& i <f* 3^j2\ f' ext ' s L ur 90-Day Guarantee or *>j
1 / (fe^Majcsty Corset for Stout Figures. f**
E I i$»iNff" ' It is made bo as to hold in tho abdomen and keep the hipa W
f\ | Iff . * ' ' down, and has the medium bust. It Is one of If not the inost sub- a By
3 |« M stantial corsrt manufactured, as it la made of very best fast black Ital- % I ta
H «!f JbL 'an cloth and if< boned throughout with best tempered ste"I. Should a f5
\a *" K£ bone break in these corsets within 00 days we will give you a new mrspt. ¦ Kj
Bk Our trial price $12.75 fc*
i^ CORSETS FITTED FREE. | )here h §^M^t^^§ Can I CORSETS ALTERED. ffl
% His Line o! the New Military Straight-Front Corsets a \
\£i Is the most complete and the most reasonable in town. One of his choicest offerings Is made of very M Pft
Otk wj best quality Italian cloth, bias cut. hand gored, with low, sloping bust, trimmed top ami bottom. Noth-^ Q B D%
pRlk P in^r more durable or more perfect in fit, finish and style can be found in town for less than $2.00. Our. \& Jk*
HgT^jl 1 quick selling price SI. OO JCT
% 1 fh WRAPPER TALK. THE NEW SPRING WAIST. rfj\ I M
vtA * inn .tn.Vn* t Amr«' t>vuc>m v Made of very best quality all-wool J* s^/ I Jar
M t %$£&* J^Aon^Se . , n PEKCAL.E albatr oss cloth, front and back clus- /t? ? W /fa
m t mte9l\ WRAPPERS, ln full assortment of ter tucks- find fancy stitching, latest Mffih>^ J ffl/iX
_ y& * fists' new s P rin & colorings in light and 2-piece collar, new bishop sleeve, Affiffw!fpHs$\ I T2r £R
¦v& V ? lE^T flnrk effect?. Ma^ie with extra full front and fleeves trimmed with tiny (''Jitfh ,1 'i!jjr&\ * f*i
tfj t £$$] Pkiit. trimmed with epaulets? over gold buttons, lined throughout; ln WfyjM * /<f
8*'^ f " fi/JP4 ! • the shoulders and wash braid, skirt *H the new shades of r O ?e. laven- , \ Mf
mstf. " MM\ made with flounced' bottom, dress- der, blue and green 'and black and j^TX . Kg]
6®k " >Si?ti&. maker Jlnish, waist lined; all sizes. wnlt *Y >, ou can t buy the material f *\ t f&f
t$\ * ,«$*</£&. Specially priced for Monday's s-11- f " r what is asked for this waist onn> • ttjf
Wk t WIW ins ••• 95c Plete »^.73 t ffl jfa
* \H i yJR&B?. Sale at O'Farreil street entrance. ,s 8 ! { to s ce Cu r Trnvel- WASH WAISTS. ? jLfM
ftl J SPECIAL SALE OF. BLACK RIBBON. jB^^^^^^S^^Ii £
KSQ H J ALL SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, luster finished, full fronts and bishop sleeves; sizes 34 and 26 only. » flffl
Ka\y t (?n^ an(^ was hable, 5 Inches wide; regular price SOc, Prices from $1.73 to r>O«? ? »w
W* t "^«?b^^S^^SSS^iS25 IN OUR MUSLIN UNDERWEAD DEPT. t^
\<h ? VELVET RIBBON FOR DRESS TRIMMINGS A rac ii ca i departure in merchandising— an intro- t f»f £±
¦¦ \$\ t as .for the coming season. Rosenberg has seized d uc tory sale th'at will start the season with a rush. ? ffl " 8
? the opportunity to lay in a supply at prices that comprising none but the newest patterns and best ? \& Jf
T4e t will astonish all. ' 'materials ? ft
0%/m ? BEST BLACK VELVRT RIBBON, linen back. 10 FIRST— LADIES' GOWNS, made of best quality t £3
R&l y y* 1 ??** 0 * P-ece— per P'^ce: t nainsook, with round yoke of Valenciennes inser- t JB
ttUSf f Width 1% inches.. .4Sc Width 1% inches... >,m« tion and beading, neck drawn through with dainty f £7
BA^y ? \\ Idth l^t inches ouC wash ribbon, sleeves finished with ruffle trimmed f JKJ
" WtV ? ~, rr - .„-„, inMraBin • c j wilh lace. All felled seams, full length and extra ? fiSr
Wh* * THE NEW NECKWEAR l8t D oB: P ou ' 1 ? wide. Our introductory price S1..-.O ? *W A
Xjk ? Xlli - "*- TV »t Rr«enber«i'«. AOAIN— LADIES* DRAWERS, made of best f pSA fi
\fi« f One of his attractions for this week is a collar quality soft bleached muslin, finished with deep f t]0#fl'
W t made of fine openwork pink and white satin rib- ru fji e with five rows of hemstitching. Positively ?
fc»8k V& ? bon. with rows of gold lace and finished top and unapproachable bargains at 45c ? £7
B»k9 * bottom with narrow black satin ribbon, full ro- . m _^.,__» __,,__ -»¦—^..^ ... ?
UftW ? sette of the different ribbons to match collar fin- »n Item HANDKERCHIEF DEPT.^ nd ,^, t ffl
fckk*3 ? iPhed with two gilt spike ends; attractively f.-omOur UK " liai ' iWU1 " "*^ i *GoodGne. ? Ml
KW « priced 75c LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS, made of best f j*?/
l9* i «,»«-» w * #*t- «Ncn a ¥>Tra\i¥¥=»T^i quality Belfast lawn, hemstitched, hand initialed; • *3f
> IN OUR LACE DEPARTMENT rWular value 12%c, our special 6T4c ; gf 0%
\m f W- Have .Some Vcy Special Offerings. . J^ome R»rs < hpnee Bnrjin'ns in \ *iuu
AvPk \ hand-made Belgian linen inser- Mm KNITTFTi UNDFDWEAR DFDT * *&M
?\\k ? TIONS AND LACE, made of very best Belfast UUiV IVlllill-U VllWt,K»¥LiU\ UL.V 1 . » PJ
ISl^tE . linen hand-run, varying from %-inch to 2 inches All Our W'n'er Undcr»enp Hob Feen Reduced. ? yfiSf
Mp\y » in width, from IOc to P^r yard. Regular CHILDREN'S COMBINATION SUITS, made of ? £rl
m\> n value 25, 33 and BO cents. p0O( j quality Peruvian yarn, Jersey ribbed, high ? «f/
%Si i ALSO— BLACK ALL-SILK FRENCH LACE, in ne ck long sleeves, ankle length. Remarkably ? &fj
\^a <i all the newest deslpns. 14 inches wide; was $1.00 priced l!5c " gy
T^ ? and 5 1 - 50 - Tnls week 'selling 41)c —^ . nTtD D . ICTr '' %AE U
1 An Odd Lot ol Boys' Shovidcr Braces. <V%% .HOSIERY m> ARTOENT. I J
*fcW k odd price "••"•• V"""' T ;'';'"-f'pnVi^npi'''' >!' -W U Ta length, very elastic, double heels. ? EW>ft
)gL 1 Sale at 0 Farreli-street Entrance. 3 | M tees and kr.ees; in the rw-w lace I|W#|
% ? Ta^ r Xbou m tou d r NOTION DEPARTMENT. X % pfifed°.v.. f . a ?. c .^ r .' bb . c . d :.. 3 .^. c S { S#j
l» i * L AD IE S* DRES S ING f »niF«; RPA1) THI<?> t M
fcm I **QU!WliWBmm»* COMBS, made of very best i LADIfcb, KbAU IHIto.. | M
««k^W I WmiMl li@ISm rubber, guaranteed unbreak- ' 90-CENT HOSE now selling for 50c 4 >*/
Mil T y^wSaelSll^fH^fP^I coarse teeth;- matchless I^ADIKP' HOSE, made of very best quality fa«=t ? f&
V*H^^ * in quality and price 1 J)c* b'ack lisle, warranted absolutely s-tnlnlers, in all ? j&J
I ALSO CUBE PINS, best tempered steel, black the new and latest Parisian laco effects. Regular n gel £*
yk I and assorted colors in cube .'e price 75 and 90 cents. Special 5Oc " *a£ i
Cut i(\O I?nC17M15171?[fi 816 market street, M
1 I cJVJJLJ jAVk5Jur^l3ljXlVJ^ Running through to 11 O'Faprel!, ? ?§3
¦ *H^ ' ....Mail Orders Solicited.... PH ELAN BUILDING. J W^K
Roman Chair I
$2.00, I
Well made and finished: nicely up- M
holstered: only one of our large vari- H
ety of Roman chairs ln many grace- y
ful designs. We are always glad to h
estimate 'on the cost of furnishing gj
entire homes, flats and rooming- K
houses. You may have credit on any- S
thin? selected from our large stock Q
of furniture, carpets and draperies. B .
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET, H
Opposite Union Square. ?
af^B IIiIbP^ Laflln ft Rand Waterproof
N "H IBilV Smokeleos Powder, ln bulk
ivH BbH and loade(1 in shells. Send
111 19 flR 1 tor catalogue of tpcrtlng
VWB «M# goods. GEO. W. SHREVE.
¦ 7W Market et.
RATT.WAY TBAVEL.
80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vta S«u*ollte F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. »9:15, 11:00 a. m.. 'IMS,
8:15. 4:00. 5:15, *6:15, 6:40" p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'SiOO. •10:00, »ll:30 a. m., •1:15,;
8:15. •4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m. -•¦ - -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK DAYS-«:20, •6:30, 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12-30. 1:45. »3:30, 4:30, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays- at 6:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. «8:00, •10:00. '11:4s a. in..
•1:40, »2:15. 4:45, *6:3O d. m. .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, .7:55, 9:30 a. m..
12:35 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SL'NDATS-8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:06. 2:15. J:30.
6:00,' 6:45 p. m. - ,
- THROUGH ITRArNS.
.6:65 a, tn-week days — Caxadero and Tray
stations. ., .¦ -¦ ¦ -' . ¦ .' .*TE*^MBp "ffMtlMW
1:45 p. , m. Saturdays — Tomalea and way
stations.-: r. t '¦ ¦ ' ¦ '¦ ' • •
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales' and way'
stations.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd OvrVd Local
Dally. Daily. Daily. Daily.
Lv. Pan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4;20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 ft U:4S a 11:05 p- 7:15 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ...._..
" Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on ¦ this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist -Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, ¦wrhich cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— €41 Market etreet and ln Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
t-land.
CHICAGO I
In LESS """>
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 70 H. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
€r North- Western Line
T\OU r BLE Dra'jomg-T{oom Sleeping
I ' J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and library
•*-S Cars, with barber. Dining Cars —
meals a la carte. Uailv Tourist Cmr
Service' and Personally Conducted JBx-
cttrsiotu every week from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Tht btst of tr try thing.
n..n. mtchib ...
617 Market St. General Agtni faeS/te Qxut
ralaes Botel BAX FRAITCISCO
- .. _ ' >
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lv. i»n r««N. «M.ttnr**N
!;«p:£1 ™** days ( ™$z
4:00p. u.) Stay over nlghtattheTAVERX 1 10:-« a.m.
8:00a.m. ) ! f 1:00 P.M.
10:00 a. M. f ST7VD V Y«» . J • MX) t. M.
1:15P.M.) ' / 5:5dr.M.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit tnd Return. 11.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., Jc Sausallto Ferry.midnight of February 21 and ending at 1
c clock on the morning of the 22d, he dil
PETALfMA, March 9.— The six broth
ers and rioters of Mrs. Mary Perry, de
ceased, have commenced a suit to break
her will. The instrument left all but a
few hundred do'Ans to two little friris and
( ut off the brothers and Filters with prac
tically nothing. Toe little heiresses were
not relatives of the dead woman, but are
children of an oiphan boy and orphan girl
taken by Mrs. Perry from St. Vincent'* 5
Orphan Asylum years ago. Mrs. Perry
was one of the wealthiest Portuguese res
idents in this countv.
Contest of Mrs. Perry's Will.
Mark EUingsen, Uie lookout man at the
life-saving station at Fort Po'at, was the
first witness examined by Aiajor Blake
ney yesterday morning. He was asked
whether he had or had not heard the
whistles- of distress sounded by the Rio,
and he replied that he heard no distrea?
signals whatever. He heard the usual fog
signals, but nothing more. Between 5 and
5:30 a. m. he heard a tug whistling tho
usual signal given In foggy weather when
towing a vessel through the fog. That
signal was one long and two short blasts
and was repeated between twelve and
twenty times.
The witness admitted that at the tim»
of the wreck he heard the noise of shout-
Ing on the bay, but he assumed that the
voices were those of Italian and GreeK
fishermen, who were often to be heard in
foggy weather.
V. A. Harrington, keeper of the Fort
Point Lighthouse, was recalled and testi
fied that during his watch, beginning at
not hear any voices coming" from-sea
ward. In very calm clear weather he had
often heard voices of fishermen in tho
bay, but he could not remember even one
occasion on which he had heard voice" "'
foggy weather. He was on the soutn
bastion and it was difficult to hear any
voices at that spot.
An adjournment was taken until 10
o'clock' to-morrow mornine, on which oc
casion It is expected that Major Blake
ney will inquire into the confession made
bv EUingsen to Captain Hodgson to the
effect that Ellingsen heard the distress
signals of the Rio, but for some unac
countable reason failed to report them.
"WOMAN DEFENDS SOLDIERS.
Story of Disti^ss Signals Corrobo
rated by Point Lobos Avenue
Resident.
The following letter has been received
Hanson proved himself the most forcible
i-peaJicr of the evening and knocked the
foundation? from under the previous ar
irument. Mr. Lyman made a hit for the
affirmative by his admirable delivery.
It was plain to be seen that Hastings
had the better of the debate before Mr.
"U'eymo. Hastings* last speaker, went to
the stand. After about fifteen minutes
deliberation the judges brought in a de
cision for Hastings Law College.
Miss K ruffe r opened the debate for the
affirmative, making a logical and very
forcible arpiinient for municipal owner
ship. Mr. O'Neil opem<! for Hastings .Law
College and arpueu that corporations
«ould furnish light, water, etc., much
cheaper than municipalities. He declared
that municipal ownership always led to
fraud. through patronage and other
causes, and cited San Francisco as an ex
ample. McKlroy spent most of his time
answering the arguments of O'Neil and
l>rought civil service methods into the ar
t'ument
RENO, N>v.. March 9. — Representatives
ef the Hastings Law College of San Fran
clsco and the University of Nevada met
In debate at the Nevada University build-
Ing* In this city this evening-. The ques
tion was, "Resolved, that municipalities
should own and operate their light, water
and transportation systems." Messrs.
O'Xeil. Hanson and Weymo of Hastings
Law College argued in the negative and
Miss Krugrer and Messrs. Lyman and Mc-
Elrojr in the affirmative. Hon. C. D. Van
Duser acted as chairman. The Judgw
xcerei Judge Masscy of the Supreme
Court of Nevada, Mr. Danncnbaum of
Ban Francisco and Judge Caldwell of
West Virginia.
Special Di*p«.tch to The Call.
Eival Orators Argue Upon the Ad
visability of lilunlcipal Own
ership of Public Utili
ties.
Dtfeats the University of
Nevada in a Joint
Debate.
HASTINGS LAU
SCHOOL WINS
TWO INSOLVENCY PETITIONS.— Petitions
in insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court as follows: Patrick Fer
rlter. San Francisco, liability J31S3 5S. no as
pets; XV. II. Williams, ban Francisco, liabili
ties $SSl. no assets.
Ing the pastor. Rev. J. S. Thomas, will
preach on "Asceticism— A Freak of His
tory." /r_2£
8TOLE A MILEAGE TICKET.-^-J.* H.' Bax
ter, a traveling salesman for Mauzy ¦ & Reid, ;
6o9 Market Htreet, was arrested yesterday on
complaint of his employers, who charge him
•with stealing- a 1000-mil<? railroad ticket valued
at |25. He is, charged, with misdemeanor j em
bezzlement. ¦ ¦ . - -----
The Pattosieri Co. announce that they
have received a, large stock of new car
pets, which are on sale for this week
Among the arrivals 25 different patterns
came of the 8anfbrd carpet to be sold at
7oc yard, Bewed and laid. Corner Sixteenth
and Mission streets. . • -
Ne-w Carpets for Your Home.
A carrier pigeon bearing; a registry band
marked "1S94-M 11 flew Unto the house of
chemical engine No. 2. at 1819 Post street
yesterday. The members of the company
are retaining It for its owner. -
Caught a Carrier Pigeon.
Nothing but men's suits will be sold to
morrow at the assignee sale. Mr. P. C.
Kelly, assignee of the Boston, will njake
this a. clothing day and will sell clay
worsted, all-wool cheviots and cassimere.
in newMind fancy effects, singrle or double
breasted, worth 517.5a, for $6.S5 a suit, at
the Clothing Assignee Sale of 'the Boston,
775 Market Btreet. near. Fourth. •
Clothing— Men's Clothing.
The members of Army and Navy Parlor
Native Sons of the Golden West, will pay
a return visit on next Thursday night to
California Parlor, the members of which
they recently entertained. California Par
lor has arranged to visit El Dorado Parlor
? u* ?»\- At its meeting on Thursday
, gh » t V- Mai L cn 28> California Parlor will
elect Grand Parlor delegates and consider
the subject of contributing to the fund
for a memorial to Stephen M. White. At
Its last meeting it adopted a resolution in
favor of the saving of the Santa Cruz big
trees by the State.
Native Sons Fraternize.
United States Appraiser Marlon de Vries
and Mrs. de Vries will leave to-day for
their home in New York.
II. C. Norris of Los Angeles, accompa
nied by his wife, Is staying for a few days
at the Palace.
W. C. Ralston, secretary of the Miners'
Association of California, is staying at the
Palace.
Dr. J. B. Hamilton of Lo3 Angeles is at
the Occidental.
M. Kelly, a merchant of Sonora, is stay-
Ing at tho Lick.
H. W. Keller, a merchant of Los Ange
les, is at the Palace.
II. R. Robertson Is registered at the Oc
cidental from Seattle.
R. W. Burgess, a mining man of Con
cord, Is at the Occidental.
W. P. Hammond, an oil man of Orovllle
Is registered at the Palace.
Thomas O'Neil, a merchant of Los An
geles, is stopping at the Palace.
Hervey Lindley, a lumber man of Kla
mathon, is a guest at the Palace.
J. Alexander Brownlee of Jackson
Camp, Nev.. is a guest at the Palace.
Henry L. Ford of the United States Sur
vey Tcnartmcnt is a guest at the Lick.
O. T. Johnson, a hotel proprietor of Riv
erside, is at the Palace for a few days.
C. T. McGIashen, wife and family of
Truckee are guests at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
PERSCNAL MENTION.
SERVICES TO-DAY
IN THE CHURCHES
Sermons to Bs Preached by
Ministers of Every
- Denomination.
The third of the series of Lenten ser
vices at St. Mary's Cathedral under the
auspices of the Calvarlan Society will
take place this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
There will be the "Stations of the Cross"
sermon and benediction. Rev. C. A.
Ramm will be the speaker. His subject
will be "Judas."
The Gentleman's Sodality of St. Ig
natius Church will partake of holy com
munion in a body this morning. The
seven hundred members will meet in So
dality Chapel on Hayes street and march
to St. Ignatiu3 Church, where the sacra
ment will be administered at tho 7:30
mass. Immediately after the services the
Sodality will hold a meeting for the pur
pose ot initiating new members.
Rev. BradtorU Leavitt, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, will preach this
morning on "The problem of pain; or, if
there be a God, why is there so much
suffering?"
"Lost Lives" will be the subject of a
sermon to be preached this evening by
Rev. John liemphiil of tho Calvary Pres
byterian Church.
Rev. W. H. Hinkley of Boston will
preach, this morning to the congregation
of the First Society of the New Jerusalem
Church, on "The Marriage of the Lamb."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "lne Fruit of the Righteous," and
in the evening on "The Christian Sol
dier." ;•¦,;¦
"Substance" will be the subject of dis
cussion this morning by the members of
the First Church of Christ. Scientist.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "The Method of
Atonement Between the Reconciled God
and the g Unreconciled World." In the
evening he will discuss "The Ministry of
Reconciliation, Why, How?"
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this evening on "What
Profit Shall We Have if We Pray?"
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Who Shall Own the Earth?"
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church preaches this
morning oYi "God's Manifest in the
Flesh."
Rev. J. N. Beard of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church will ' preach morning
and evening. His morning sermon will be
on "Why Men Are Not Saved." In the
evening he will discuss "Themes For
Those Who Think." ,»,--..
"God's Workmanship" will be the theme
of Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Church at the morning services.
Rev. S. D. HutsinplUar of the ' Central
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on the "Immortal Works of
Love and Their Monumental Influence."
Rev. Prank K. Baker of the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach this
morning on "What Think Ye of Christ?"
and in the evening on "The Harp of the
Sense."
" Rev. A. C. Bane will preach this morn
ing on "Sins That Slay."
Rev. -W. K. Dugan of the Stewart Me
morial - Church ¦ will preach thi3 mornine
on "Resurrected Seekers," and in the
evening on "Harps of. Life.'.'
"Christ's Estimate of the Value of. His
Church to the World" will be the subject
of a sermon to.be preached this morning
by Rev. F. .B. Cherington of the Ply
mouth Congregational Church.
. The : Briggs ; brothers will conduct the
services for men this afternoon In the
auditorium of the Y. II. C A. building
An evening of picture and song will be
given in- Trinity Methodist -Episcopal
Church this evening by Mr. and Mrs. Dob*
bins,' two well known lecturers. - - -.
-Rev. Frank S. Ford" of. the: First Chris
tian Church .will preach this morning on
"This God is Our God," and In the even
ing on. "The Christians Union Question."
Marie C.Brehm of Chicago will address
the congregation I of: the Howard" Presby
terian Church this morning'. In tho even.-
Paul Mortesia, another white agent, was
arrested by the same policemen about an
hour later and charged with the same of
fense. Secreted In the lining of his
coat the officers found nearly 200
After being taken to the City Prison
Kreger admitted that he had been recent
ly engaged by "Big" Chung, who owns
most of the lottery games in Chinatown,
to distribute the drawings. In addition to
the compensation he received for acting
as the agent for the game, he was to re
ceive a commission for every ticket he
sold. He was charged with having lottery
tickets and drawings in his -.possession.
Shortly after Kreger was booked, "Big"
Chung sent one of his men to bail him
out.
Lieutenant Price was informed of their
clever scheme, and he instructed his men
to search every white man who was seen
leaving a lottery Joint. Last night Of
ficers Chase and Brady of the Chinatown
squad eepied a white man emerging from
"Big" Chung's lottery den at 723 Jackson
street, and suspecting that he was an
agent for the game they searched him.
He gave his name as John Kreger and
in his possession they found over a hun
dred copies of the original drawing. - to
gether with a large number of tickets.
The Chinese lottery dealers, determined
to hoodwink the police, have adopted a
novel scheme to throw the officers off
their trails. When Lieutenant Price and
his formidable squad took up the work of
suppressing gambling in the Chinese quar
ter the lottery dealers, hoping to circum
vent them, disposed of the Chinese dis
tributors of drawings and engaged a
number of white men to take their places.
As soon as the drawings were held- the
white employes would be given the draw
ings and told to distribute them.
Clover Scheme of "Big"
Chung to Defeat Efforts
of Police.
TRIES TO OUTWIT
CHINATOWN SQUAD
Our home la situated between Laurel Hill
Cemetery and Lone Mountain, about three
blocks from the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, on
Point Lobos avenue. Shortly after 5 o'clock
on the mornlnc of the calamity 1 was awak
ened by the rtrange, long-drawn-out shrieks
of an ocean-going steamer's whistle or siren.
It was very different from the foghorn sig
nals, and It suddenly ended in a sound like
a wall or a gurgle, which I supposed was
caused by the steamer sinking In the sea. I
ppoke of it to my husband directly and said
I felt that something wrong must have hap-
Editor of The Call: I did not intend to say
anything, but when I read In your valuable
paper that . the . soldiers of the Presidio were
being accused of lying because they assert
that they heard signals of distress In strange
siren whistles from the ill-fated steamer short
ly prior to the accident, let my testimony cor
roborate theirs.
at this office defending- the soldiers at
the Presidio who have been giving testi
mony at the investigation connected with
the wreck of the Rio. The author of the
letter resides at 78 Cook street, near
Point Lobos avenue. The letter follows:
drawings of Chinese lotteries. The
prisoner was caught coming out of
another of. "Big Chung's games at C04
Jackson street. He also admitted that he
had been employed by Chung to distribute
the drawings and incidentally to sell
tickets He had been in the City Prison
but a few minutes when one of Chunk's
trusted lieutenants appeared and put up
PolicTcour" f ° r hiS appcarance »n the
pened. The mysterious shrieking: of the steam
er caused me a feeling of dread and dismay,
though I did not, of course, know what ter
rible trouble caused the signals to be given.
How any man could sleep through such soi;nd
or pay no heed when he v/as near by ami it
was his duty to so to the relief of persons
in danger of shipwreck passes my comprehen
sion. As I don't know who are conducting the
inquiry I address you. so that honest, truth
loving eoldlers may not be maligned by a
time-serving official who is spemingly care
less of saving life so long as he can regularly
draw his official salary. Very respectfully.
£' CARINA CHUPLE.
Valuable Mail Found.
Only one registered mail package has
floated from the wreck of the P.io. This
was found yesterday. It -was addressed to
Attorney Hv»h C. Grant of the. Emma
Spreckels building and contained deeds
and other legal documents to property
valued at $1,000,000. It was sent to the
postofflce department and was then de
livered 10 Mr. Grant.
ENVELOPE. RECOVERED FROM WRECK OP THE RIO. CONTAINING
DOCUMENTS REPRESENTING PROPERTY VALUED AT $1,000,000,
and ward McAllister, pacific mail company's lawyer. J
THE :SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUJSTDAY, MAECH Io, j^Ol.
ELLINGSEN NOW TESTIFIES THAT
HE HEARD NO DISTRESS SIGNAL
22
ISMAB.
The Gypsy.
KNOWYOUR
FATE!
"There Is a tide in the affairs of men
which, taken at the flood, leads on tf> for-
tune and success; neglected, all your lives
are bound in shadows and in miseries."
This Is true of every man and woman In
whatever walk of life, and whether it b«
business or domestic affairs, speculations,
changes, sickness, love, marriage or di-
vorce, there is'a right and a Wrong path
which will or will not brlnpr about the de-
sired results. • ;.~'^ ; ''-i: ',-'
If you are constantly pursued by ill
luck and disappointment in all your un-
dertakings there is a cause for It. Ismar,
the celebrated Egyptian seeress. whoso
marvelous gift of foresight has made her
the wonder of the age. Is eminently fitted
to give you the correct advice as to the
proper course to pursue.
Don't let any foolish sentiment prevent
you from finding out what the future
holds In store for you. Forewarned 13
forearmed. What Ismar has done for oth-
ers she can do for you. Her readings are
private and confidential. 1
Ismar can be consulted daily from 10
A. M. to 5 P. M. at he.* office. 1143 Market
street, two doors below Weinstock £
Lubln s.
ff3\ NEW STYLES
TV Straight-Front
I £&5tf^* Sapphire, Bon Ton and
I yViW7ir Roy»' Worcester*.
V \ Nvviw\ PBICE3 : W oo t. $15.00
jTW^ 6 GEARY ST.,
// A Td CORNER KEARNT.
Xx^A H CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
/*i"J3y[ Royal "Worcester Corset-
* — * Flttin* Parlor*.
- Trapper* ¦ Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DTueftBtu, 60c Cask. Richards & Co.. 4M Clay. •
MOSS' GLOVE STORE,
1210 Market St., Bet. Tay'or& Jones.
Mail Orders >FJied.
240 pairs MISSES' KID GLOVES, in
brown and tan: regul»- value at- JtGr*
S5c: sale price.... ........;.. T*Ov'
E00O pairs LADIES' 2-CL.ASP. real kid.
In red, brown, black and white; sizes from
5# to 8; formerly sold at $1.00 and QJL r>
$1.25; reduced to :: . OftC
SO*, pairs MEN'S 1-GL.ASP. genuine dog-
skin, with pique and out seams for walk-
Ing and driving; reduced * from '7« / -»
Jl.CO and JL25 to. ...; t Oy
Cleaning: up our stock to gret ready for
new spring shipments. Bargains In glovea
never before offered since our great Bald-
win Fire Sale.
SPECIAL SALE
-FROM-
Monday to Friday
A SALE,
"OF SAILORS THAT ARE GEMS"
/0&!^ Jack Tar
W%^ Sailors. '
Msf lTV P rett y wash Galateas,
:^ *^^^T made with French sleeves, fly
s^£-~/i§0Z*^< front; suits that wash; all
It a M es i vcr U pretty. ¦ Special—
Handsome %J/T\M
Sailor Suits, f [/ A P"
Gems cf the tailor' 8 art ; rich I I \ \ *
snuff -brown checks, silver gray wJ
ovprplaids, ser^e greens; sonic W&L
gems in blue elegantly braided; 1&« HHH
suits that are worth §5 and Wsm iHi?
$6. Special— «g|| ||§|f
Doable Everywhere Except £f <|)
the Price.
F* Lou.hU seals Dl^CSS
V^/ anil doxtble **-^ *
knees are what wj »
/iv\llivrv bcys nced f° r iiifn
/ A \J" ''*tt>^s cloihes ' io givz 1Jl6ii
fcyf fj^f^' "I strength and f*
\ l/s" Wr durability. I
\^J'ifl('\ These pretty tV Wilt
Ct~ II \ I Scotches have „,
L> 'em; they're all- , lfle C08t wlU be trifling to-
\ ' j\ J wool new spring " ay * That swell suit pictured
• '¦/ \ W patterns; for a^ )OVe > cute and jaunty, in
M \J chaps ages 8 to Blues ani Fancy Scotches,
I p 16 years. Worth TO-ad* with •pretty double-
ts Wi £3.95. Special— breasted vest to match. Ages 3
Bf n - ¦ to 10 years. Special—
i
CUT THIS OUT.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
107U y < MABKET STREET,
Hlbernla Bank). Pan Franclsc9, Cat
See City Dtre-ctory for Eye Specialists.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian. Charter member American Association of
Opticians; graduate of the N. I. College of
Ophthalmology; also American College of Oph-
thalmology.
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free.
Open Evenings until 9. Telephone South 5T2.
GERMAN EYEWATEE, 50c.
Mr. Geo. Mnyerle, Optician, San Francisco,
Cal.: Agreeable to promise that after two
years* use of the glasses you fitted to my sight
I would tell you v«hat I thought of them, I
take pleasure In writing I have never had so
much fomfort in the use ot glasses as I had
with those procured from you. Their use has
demonstrated that they restored normal sight,
and I add further that the dally use of them
for many hours by day and by night has not
produced any strain on the eyes, such as I ex-
perienced with other glasses. Respectfully,
ERNEST C. STOCK.
MANY SIMILAR TESTIMONIALS.
[San Francisco Call.]
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4, 1901.
A Call Esporter Says:
Numerous Inquiries made by "Tha Bulletin's"
reporter among those who wear Mr. Mayerle's
glasses regularly showed clearly that In each
case perfect satisfaction had been piven, and
this fact applied to numerous COMPLICATED
CASES.
tin, March 19, 1S99-]
[Extract from The San Francisco Dally Bulle-
Mr. Mayerle— Dear Sir: The glasses you made
for my wife and n>« some time ago give us per-
fect satisfaction, and are FAR SUPERIOR to
hose we have been wearing for years before. I
heartily recommend your method o" testing and
fitting to all persons troubled with defects of
the eyes. Yours truly, HANS DAMES,
City Editor of the "Tageblatt."
City Editor of the Tageblatt, says:
MB. HANS DAMES,
GEORGE MAYEBXE,
German Expert Optician.
WASH
Our customers are informed that on MONDAY,
March nth, will take place OUR COMPLETE
OPENING OF NEW WASH MATERIALS FOR
SPRING, 1901, We will then place on sale
a most eleuant assortment of the following
¦; Fairies, all of which are in the newest color-
ings, and the stules of most are confined ex-
clusivelu to us,
Japanese Corded Wash Silks.
Mercerized French Printed Sateens.
Lace Striped Egyptian Tissues.
Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities.
Silk and Linen Wash Fabrics.
Mercerized Cotton Foulards.
White and Colored Dotted Swiss.
Imported Dress Crashes*.
Plain and Printed English Galateas.
Silk Wash Ginghams. >
Plain and Printed Organdies.
.Mercerized Persian Lawns.
Best Quality Printed Percales.
Scotch Zephyr Ginghams.
Extra Quality Japanese Wash Crepes.
Qpppl A I 150 pieces 32-INCH PRINTED DIMITY, In
cTlUIMLi aii th 3 new colorings anl |j- y j
Yeru handsome stales - - IOC IdlDi
NOTE.— in ordering samples or above goods pleasa
he particular to speclfu prices and colors
wanted.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
CUT THIS OUT.
for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float*
ing spots, pain about the eyes, behind the head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like Eand in the eyes, crosseyes,
burning, smarting, itching, scratching, twitch-
Ins. gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve
and preserve the sight. Mayerie's glasses are
now used by the highest United States Army,
Navy and Government officials.
rior to All Others
A I*EADING GEB3IAU EDITOR,
A BUXUETIN REPORTER,
— and a —
REPORTER OF THE S. F. CALL
ARE THOROUGHLY CONVINCED
That Mayerle's Glasses Are Far Supe-
1 SPRING
I STYLES.
1 Black Silk!
1 en • i. '
J Skirts.
I Naw Silk Siirt3. \
1 ilrl — 67.50
I 1&% New SDk Skirt3.
1 /A — -$io.oo i
I /1^?\ New Silk SUrts.
1 /A |W ....812.50
I // r^\ New Silk Skirta. !
| y / \ 1 ...-$15.00
I \ I I New Silk Skirta.
I \ / I .. .$20.00
8 Y \ New Silk Skirti !
I s4\ s\ " $25.00
! V^V^^ev New Silk Skirts. !
I < —^W^... 830.00
THE BLAGK600DS HOUSE
I (106 Market Street,
I (R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY).
f^ TELEf/fOJVE SOUTH 473.
¦ M 0m -.an j>ipmiHM Ti~a «t ' ¦ !"*** •*"**
I /r^^\ExtensionTabb|
I WlA Ipid Dining
) ju^f/ Room Chairs s
W \i CashorEUlclialimc ';
il New and Beautiful Pat- )
J terns in Golden Oak Ex- *
8 tension Tables and Din- j[
I ing-Room Chairs. A I
i monster new stock sold at
I I the lowest prices, on easy pay- i
\ ments. $
| THE J. NOONAN k
' FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc. g
• 1017-1023 MISSION STREET t)
i Above 6th. San Francisco. &
¦" DR.MCNULTY.
rr»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RF.Lr ABLE OLD
L Sp<»cla!!stewr«Bi<KHi Poison, Gonoirhma.Gleet,
Btrictorr. .seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
•Hied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Man, fre«.
OT»r20Te»rVexp*rieoce.T>rm« reasonable. Hoon,
»:o3<lall7;6:30to5.30eT'jr!».fanUi»5~»,10t'>12.Connul-
taUontreeandwereaiycoaactentUl. Canoraddre.il
P. ROBCOE JIcXl'LTY, 31. D.
28 Y % Kearny St» Han Francisco. C&X-
Weekly Call, $1 per YearEdward Ellis Hamlin Spends a Busy Day Denouncing San
Francisco Hotels, Drinking Champagne and Wiring Home
to Papa for More Money to Support His New Dignity
CHICAGO MILLIONAIRE'S SON
HUNTS FARO GAMES WHILE HIS
BRIDE DOTES ON THE PONIES
<»?*?#? *???*?# ?*?*? *?* ?*?*?#**?*« O
! Pages 23 to 32 1
c* *»•*?*?*?*?* ***** * ** ***********e
SOUTHERN GIRL, "WHO COM
FORTED THE LAST HOURS
OF AGED MUSICIAN.
• : '.Hundred rolls of/ carpets arrived and
will.be on sale this week only at the Pat
tosien Co. at prices unheard of. Bigelow
and ~ Middlesex Axralnster, finest high
pile carpet made, only 51.43 per yard. Cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
A Great Carpet Sale.
."W. . F. Plpher, receiver of the California
Shoe Company, is going to sell more pairs
of shoes to-morrow than, ever before. The
table is loaded with ladies" shoes ranging
from 52.50 to $4, and they; will be sold for
50c a pair; 1000 pairs of them will go at the-
Bankrupt Shoe Sale, 1506 Market : street,
near City Hall avenue. •'; .-.;-•• -..¦
* - " < ¦ ¦ . *-•"¦-.¦' • ¦
Only 5Oc. a Pair for Ladles' Shoes.
Helen Frances Pierce, wife of Judge W.
L. Pierce, died yesterday at the Waldeck
Sanitarium. Mrs. Pierce was tha mother
in-law of Assemblyman I.,. R. ; Works.
Mrs. Pierce was very well known 1 - and
liked in San Diego, where for eight years
her husband was Superior Judge. She
was a native of New . Hampshire, where
she was born forty-eight years ago. The
funeral will be held Tuesday at 10 a. m.
from St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Jurist's "Wife Passes Away.
"It is impossible for me- to put the story
in writing. My only regret is that I am
so far away and that I cannot talk to
you or be called as a witness. The recol
lection of it all makes my blood boil.- The
insults, the brutalities, the lies, the out
rages would make a tale which, if told,
would hardly' be credited' If they could be
told Just as they occurred." ,
Members of the- •¦ anti-Chartrey faction
have seen the letter of the matron, and at
the meeting to-day the charges will be
used to end the reign of the present pres
ident and his • staff. The fight promises
to be a bitter one, and both sides are gird
ing themselves to gain victory.
The matron then describes how the
•jurses were forced to sleep in a sunless
basement and obliged to use bath tubs In
which typhoid fever patients were bathed.
The matron claims that four cf the nurses
contracted typhoid fever and one of the
girls died. In closing her letter the ma
tron says:
The matron recites an instance -where
an operation for cancer was being per
formed, and when an accident case was
brought In the surgeon took the instru
ments used in the cancer operation and
amputated a finger of the man brought
in withbut allowing a nurse to sterilize
the knives.
Instances Gross Negligence.
tal v.as like a bear "garden"; that
decency was grossly outraged by the su
perintendent and resident aurgeon in the
operating rooms: that all who incurred
the displeasure of Chartrey- or Dr. Tait
were forced out of the hospital, and that
the mest willful neglect was shown in the
treatment of patients.
Some of the . charges - she . makes . are
startling to a degree and : reflect on the
ability and honor of many of the officials
of the hospital. She 'charges also that
members in good standing .were treated
like paupers:, that In one case, .'where a
patient was In danger of death," money
was demanded, before anjOperatlon ,wa«
performed: . that a- patient was ¦ sent to
the City; Hospital to die, after, her 'funds
had been used up. in » the 1 French . Hospi
tal; that no restrictions were placed' on
visitors, and that on Sundays the hospi-
A former- matron of the -hospital,' who
was summarily dismissed without being
given any reason, has: recently.- written
from the East to friends In this city giv
ing a detailed account of her experiences
while at the. head of the. nurses staff at
the institution. . ' •', .
Dr. Dudley Tait, the resident surgeon,
will also come in for hostile criticism at
the hands of the anti-Chartrey faction. If
one-tenth of the charges against Dr. Tait
are true, he -will stand but little chance
for reappointment at the hands of the
members of the society. c.
The action of President Chartrey and
Superintendent Bosquet in suspending a
number of nurses who wore cauxht en
joying a harmless dance while off duty,
will be made the subject of an onslaught
by the antl-Chartrey faction. So strong
has been the opinion of the faction on
the subject that Chartrey was forced a
l>w days ago to restore Nurse Martha
Pease to her position, she having been
suspended for taking part in the im
promptu bal masque.
"Zat rran Chartrey he zink zat he is
like ze Phelan, what you call ze whole
tine but we show him ze people have ze
right to eay, take your zings rand go."
Likened Unto Phelan-
Another eon of Franco followed this
Etateraent by saying: .
In the language of the popular song
there is likely to be a "hot time" this aft
ernoon at the meeting of the members .if
the French Mutual Benevolent Society,
•which will be held it Native Sons' Hail
on llacon street. To-day the members
who are entitled to vote will hold a gen
eral preparatory conclave to formulate the
proposed changes and reforms to b« voted
upon at the general election on Sunday,
itfarch 2*.
A battle royal Is predicted for the me-t
ine this afternoon and the faction which
pV?ks to re-elect President Chartrey and
his staff will find itself bitterly opposed
hy hundred* of members whose cry is * A
Las Chartrey."' ". '.:/- ;¦¦
The many scandals which for months
rave hovered arounl the French Hospi
tal win have a chance of being fully aired
u. to-day's meeting.
The Ftory of how buncrintendent Bos
cuet forced his attentions udoii Nurse
Marp-arct> Hanavan and despite her
-fegainst him. ws-s absolved by
Chartrey, will be told in detail.
In the past few weeks many meetings
of members have been held and the pro
posed changes in the by-laws and mode
of management of the hospital will em
brace the scandals in full. A prominent
member of the society in speaking last
evening of Bosquet's conduct toward
Nurw Hanavan, Raid: "If Chartrey he
defend Bosou« at ze meeting, ma rois.
get ze leetle lady and she vill show
n h^re 'zat man Bos<juct be kees her on
ze face v/hen she make objection."
On sugar refined from Imported raw
sugar, .22 florins per 100 kilos, in addition
tobounty, if any,, allowed on the raw
sugar by the country of ¦ production.
•Following, are the new rates: On raw
sugar, produced from beet roots, 150 flor
ins per 100 kilos of hard refined.
• On sugar refined from beet root raw
sugar produced in The Netherlands, 1.72
florins per 100 kilos.
The announcement of the countervailing
duty to be levied upon sugar imported
from - the ' Netherlands was made at the
Treasury Department to-day. A slight
reduction Is made from last year.
"WASHINGTON". March 9.— Information
has reached the Treasury Department
that a cargo of several thousand bags of
Russian sugar has reached New York and
that the consignee had paid the counter
vailing duty under protest with a view of
promptly bringing the case before the
Board of General Appraisers. Secretary
Gage has given instructions that the final
determination of the case be expedited in
every possible way.
Russian Sugar Order Will
Be Taken Befars Gen
eral Appraisers.
DUTY IS PAID
UNDER PRO TEST
Last night the two men were around
police headquarters telling the strange
story of how they became reunited.
Frank has some mining claims in New
Mexico, and when he returns he Intends
to take his brother with him.
r% -»-<¦-»-». ¦t..t__»..»__t__t__t__t_.r_»._t_. t _.t_ _»._»__>_»__»__ t_ a
The following day both brothers boarded
the steamer Santa Rosa and came to this
city, arriving here last Thursday.
This they readily did, and accepting his
invitation to visit the nearest saloon they
drank to his health.
ed to coerce you into buying the drinks
for the crowd."
Then turning to the surprised compan
ions he said: %
"This Is my brother, boys; come, shake
hands with him."
NEWS has been received In this
city of the death in poverty and
without friends near him of Fer
dinand Lust, the composer. The
*rd came at Clarksville, Tenn.,
where Lust was left by a stranded opera
xnspsny. The man who has charmed
rudic-ncoe by his sweet music had his last
lays marked by a peculiarly pathetic ro
nance, and the story of "My Rosary,"
-.ia last tcr.g, which Is now being sung
everywhere, is toid for the first time.
When Kcrtj-.nar.d Lust's music was at
:he hcijrht of its popularity, not m3ny
rears ago. he had money and friends. He
held the position of organist In a Vermont
ihurrh at a substantial salary, and was
;ri#tructor to lime. Modj<*ska's son. An
ipera of his was very successful at the
time and his royalties from the "Trilby
Waltz" alor.c brought large returns. He
travailed extensively and visited many
parts of the world.
When the years began to creep upon
him all bepan to fade away. He drifted
nut 10 San Kranci^co and taught for a
ff w s cars, and then ¦went to Colorado
Springs. Then he became a wanderer
without home or frir-nds. Lust Joined the
Mario Ec-H Opera Company as conductor,
but things didn't go well with the com
pany, and when Clarksville. Tenn., was
reached the organization disbanded.
Without money the old composer was
thrown upon his own resources and tried
to earn a few dollars by teaching. His
life was so desolate thp.t even Ftrangers
noticed it and would speak a kind word
to the gray-haired musician. But there
was one vho brought cheer to his last
days. She was a b'-auliful Southern jrirl
and had seen but nineteen summers. She
was as sweet and unselfish as she was
beautiful.
Was His Favorite Pupil.
This girl was Lust's favorite pupil and
tried to throw a few rays of sunshine into
his lonely life. Sometimes when the les
sons were over she would pin a carnation
on his coat or send some little dainty to
his lonely studio. Often there were big
bunches of Southern roses. He would
place them on his piaro and play out his
soul to the sweet-scented beauties. Once
he pressed one of them in a book and
pinned it to a poem. The gray hairs were
growing thicker among the thin Iock3
and his health was falling. One morning
in the pretty Indian summer of the South
he went to her home to give a lesso'n as
Ufual. She saw that he was weak, and
didn't want him to teach that day. He
insisted. He needed the money and she
reluctantly yielded. That morning she
pang sweeter than ever, and there was
something especially tender in his music.
The effort was too much for him. Sud
denly his head began to reel, his eyes
dimmed and his voice failed. He clutched
at a chair and fell to the floor. He awoke
on the couch and felt the toijch of a pen
tie hand ur>on his brow.. HV seemed to
realize that the end was drawing near
and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed
upon the young girl. If a friend like the
one beside him could do so much for an
THREATENED UPHEAVAL IN FRENCH
HOSPITAL PROMISES BIG SCANDAL
are." ¦ "
"I'm your brother," answered Frank;
"don't you recognize me?" •
With trembling lips Charles advanced,
grasped the hand of his brother met un
der such strange circumstances and shook
it warmly. - : , •' ¦ . .
"I'm glad that I did not shoot you," re
marked Frank 'as he threw his arms
around his brother's neck in an excess of
joy. ¦¦¦•¦•" * '•¦"!¦. ¦'¦ - ¦¦'¦'¦'- : ' .' ¦ ' - '"— '
.-¦» "I- didn't Intend to hold you up,^ said
Charles,' apologetically, . as • big tears
coursed down his cheeks:- Vwe only want-
After being separated for over twenty
two years, Frank and Charles Johnson,
brothers, met a few days ago under most
thrilling circumstances. Their recognition
of each other was romantic in the ex
treme and was almost accompanied by
bloodshed. Frank is now congratulating
himself that he is not occupying a cell in
the prison at San Diego, charged with
fratricide.
It happened this way. Frank, who Is a
mining man, had debarked from a steam
er at San Diego, •when he .was accosted
by several roughly clad fellows, who de
manded that he buy the drinks. . His re
fusal was met with a threat to send him
to the Morgue, and realizing that the
men meant business j Frank whipped cut
a revolver and, pointing it at the crowd,
announced his de.termlnatio'n to shoot the
first man that interfered with him.
"He won't: shoot," remarked one of the
fellows— a tall,, well-built man with a
blonde mustache. "Watch me take the
gun away from him." ¦
He stepped .forward to make good his
boast and Johnson, with his finger on the
trigger, was . about , to send a bullet Into
his body, when he recognized him as his
long lost brother. .' •¦- •¦¦' ' -
"Charley!" he suddenly exclaimed,
quickly lowering his pistol; "don't you
know ms?" '.,'".
"How do you know my name?", quickly
inquired the desperate fellow, glaring
menacingly at his brother, whom he still
failed to - recognize. - "Tell ; me who you
They Recognize Each Other
After Many Years of
Separation.
TRAGIC MEETING
OF TWO BROTHERS
t.J DWARD ELLIS HAMLIN, the
j) Chicago millionaire's son, who
s married Miss Mabel Hite, the sou-
brette of "The Telephone Girl"
company, in Salt Lake after a
two days* courtship, was in a restive
mood yesterday.
He started in early in the morning with
an objection to paying $7 50 a day for a
room at the Palace. He moved to the
California Hotei, and, Immediately object
ed because General W'arfteld had sent a
bouquet of flowers to the rooms assigned
to himself and wife. He showed his dis
satisfaction and lack of appreciation of
the courtesy by kicking the poor bouquet
all over the room.
Hamlin is a rich man's son from Chi
cago, who fell In love with Miss Hite in
Denver. He had come down from Lead-
vllle. where he looks after his father's
mining- interests, to spend a few days in
the Colorado capital. He fell In love with
Miss Jlite and followed her to Salt Lake.
They were married in that city and came
on here with "The Telephone Girl" com
pany. -. "
How long the couple will remain to
gether is a matter of conjecture. Yester
day afternoon in the California Hotel
Mrs. Hamlin was talking about her old
friends, ¦who aro connected with the turf
In California, while Hubby Ellis was busy
sprinting to the Palace Hotel to see if
papa had wired any more "dough."
Hamlin is a Harvard boy and his father
is a member of the firm of Marshall Field
& Co. of Chicago. He says he has not
heard from papa since the wedding, and
that he has nervous prostration whenever
he thinks the answer to the telegram that
he sent asking for $500 may not be to his
liking.
His wife, who will appear In "The Tele-
But her finest work Is to coma when sb-»
espies a youth wearing a G. H. S. pin.
From that youth she must coax the nan?«
of the owner and then go to the girl an I
see that rhe sets that. pin back.
Up to the present the reformers hav?:
had no serious duties. to cerform. There,
have been no flirting girls, and If there .
are any boys with G. H. S. pins they nan* .
managed to keep them out of sight.
Nevertheless, the reform league 1» In
working order and ready to respond at
the very first call of. duty.
According to Mrs. Pray there ara no
sweeter, prettier or brighter girls than
the fair Misses of the Girls* High School
It is not strange, therefore, to relate that
when the teacher heard come few days
ago a number of boys boastlngly declare
that there was nothing: easier than' to win
a G. H. 8. girl she decided then and thero
to put them out of business. ,
The enthusiastic teacher experienced no
difficulty In organizing her antl-fllrtation
club. Every senior girl put her name
down on the membership list and pledge-l
herself not only to abstain from flirtation
but to save other maidens from flirta
tion's paths.
The method to be employed by the re
formers la charmingly simple and wi!'
doubtless prove effective. If a. reformer
chances to see a sister student engaged
in the subtle art she is supposed to at
once take--her In hand ai d warn her of
the possible danger of flirtation. She la
to reason with her and. above- all. im
press upon her the superiority of a G. H.
S. to all the combined masculine popula
tion.
The president of the league Is Mrs.
Pray, senior teacher and founder ot th*
anti-flirtation organization. Mrs. Pray 13
the oldest teacher connected with the
Girls' High School and by Ions odds Its
most enthusiastic supporter and ardent
admirer.
The High School girl 13 to flirt no more.
She haa pledged herself to give the boys
the "go-by" and has set down her resolu
tion in a. series of cast iron rules that form
the code and by-laws of the Girls' Hlsn
School Reform Leagruo.
High School Girls Organize
and Promisd to Neglect
the Boys.
WILL ABSTAIN
FROM FLIRTING
phone Girl." which opens at th» Callfor
nla to-night, modestly admits that Ellis
spent $1500 on his trip from Ogden to this
city. But when the question is asked if
Mrs. Hamlin will continue her stage ca
reer the couple lapse into painful silence.
Hamlin, who presents the appearance of
a college boy just graduated, ia a busy
man. He wants to know If there are any
games running in town— If the racetracks
are open Sundays in California. The bell
boys of the hotel look upon htm as a
modern Croesus. He was busy yesterday
afternoon and evening receiving tele
grams from Chicago.
Mrs. Hamlin. the newly-mad* bride, 1*
anxious to visit the racetracks. She "dotes
on Jockeys and prizefighters," and Is the
Ideal soubrette that travels with fare*
comedy companies.
Hamlin was on tho anxious seat last
night. , He was talking about papa and
yachts, and wished he was at the Impe
rial In New York. - ' '
THE YOUNG SOUBRETTE OF THE "TELEPHONE GIRL" COMPANY, TVHO CAPTURED THE HEART AND HAND
: OF THE EESTIVE YOUNG SON OF A CHICAGO MILLIONAIRE. WHO IS MAKING A STAGGER AT BEING A
SWELL SPORT.
None of the larger music publishers had
any knowledge of the dead composer and
none of his songs were for sale on their
shelves. A prominent firm of music deal
ers was inclined to think that Ferdinand
Lust had been mistaken for Ethelbert
Nevin. the composer, who died suddenly
last month, soon after writing the popu
lar song. "The Rosary." Lust's last song,
3?My Rosary," never obtained enough at
tention to be recalled by any one Identi
fied with music in San Francisco.
H. M. Boswick, one of the oldest musi
cians on the Pacific Coast, also failedt to
recall Lust as a factor in the local mu.it>
cai world within the last thirty years.
The dead composer lay at her feet. The
congregation v.as still and as the last
notes cf the pure, sweet voice died away,
many eyes were tilled with tears. The
remains were laid away in Greenwooa,
and on the red earth of the new-made
mound the same girlish figure placed u
large bunch of Southern roses.
Ferdinand Lust was not known In San
Francisco's musical circles, liarton Hil',
who induced Madame Modjeska'to make
her first appearance in America and ap
peared with her more than two decades
ago. denied yesterday all knowledge of
Lust and said he had never seen or heard
of his eomflKsrltions. Mr. Hill said further
that while Madame Modjeska had a son.
that the young: man was not in this coun
try at the time of her appearance in San
Francisco. Therefore it would have been
Impossible for Lust to act as his tutor at
that time unless he* was in some other
locality.
No One Her; Knows Him.
it caught the public ear, until to-day it It,
being sung from ocean to ccean.
But the musician never recovered from
th*» shock. Ho took to ills bed and grad
ually the eyes dimmed until last week
they closed forever. During his last Ill
ness almost every morning there was a
bunch of roses beside his bed that hail
been gathered by the girl, and often slio
would drop in for a minute to bring some
delicacy she had prepared with her own
hands to tempt his appetite. It was she
who sat beside his bed and cooled h'.s
brow as the last light in his eyes died
away.
The funeral took place at one of the
churches he had served as organist. Ft
was an unusually solemn occasion. Jus!
as the minister finished ' the service, a
beautiful, sunny-faced girl stepped to the
chancel rail and began the tender, sweet
strains of a melody to the soft accompani
ment of the great organ.
"My Rosary" was the singer and the
song was the same.
It was then that one of the sweetest
songs ever written was penned. He was
enthused with the inspiration, and though
almost unable to stand alone, went to hi«
studio. There, all night long, by the light
of an oil lamp, he toiled at the piano, put
ting his burning thoughts into music. By
daylight it was finished. He made a copy
and carried it to her to try. He never
played an accompaniment with more ex
pression and she sang the sons: that morn
ing as it has never been sung since. A
week later she sang it In a concert and
"My ¦ Rosary!" he exclaimed. "I will
write a song," and it shall be called .that
for you." The grey-haired musician
faltered a minute and then -• added in a
pathetic voice, "and I fear it will be my
last." - . - *
Receives His Inspiration.
10 mm ana he owed so.mucn to tne ten
der-words and gentle deeds. He, seemed
to be thinking of the past as he looked
into her eyes and began to talk.
"Your name Is Rosa. It Is a sweet name.
You are my friend, you — you — are my
Rosa!" Then a light stole into the old
man's eyes and he rose from the couch.
old man, what would love have been in
his younger days? ¦ She had been so kind
The ambulance was summoned and Mr.
Remillard was conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital, where It was found that he was
suffering frcm> a fractured kneecap, a
broken upper jaw and nose, lacera
tions of the chin, the loss of several teeth
and a possible fracture of the base of the
skull. Considering the fact that Mr.
Remillard is a heavy man, weighing about
230 pounds, his escape from instant death
was miraculous. . , '-.»
P. H.i Remillard Is one of the most pop
ular clubmen of Oakland. He is a mem
ber of the Republican Alliance, Athenian
Club and the Reliance Atheltlc Club. Ho
is %-ice president of the Remillard Brick
Company, his .father, P. N. Remillard.
being its* president. He has always oc
cupied a prominent position in the social
and business circles both of Oakland and
this city. -
Mr. Remillard Is unmarried and resides
with his people at 6T>4 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. If hiS'conditlon permits he will
be removed to a sanitarium to-day.
Philip H. Remillard, prominent in Oak
land business, social and political circles,
fell shortly after midnight this morning
from the second-story window of the
building occupied by the Delmonico res
taurant and sustained injuries that may
prove fatal. Mr. Remillard was dining
with a party of friends. The room be
came a trifle close and he stepped to the
window to secure a -little fresh air.
Throwing up the lower sash he stepped
out on to the fire escape. It was very
dark, and Mr. Remillard did not notice
that in tha center of the platform sur
rounding the ond of the ladder was a
large opening, which he stepped into. He
fell to the ground, a distance of about
thirty feet.
P. H. REMILURD
BADLY INJURED
Falls From Second Story
Window of Delmonico
Restaurant.
"Gardiner was the largest stockholder
In the corporation that bought the lands
from Redding. Daily and Pierce ( exam
ined the property at their leisure and all
three signed: the transfer papers. Now.
what"' they ar<>' trying to drive at. I" Co
not know. This trio — Gardiner, Daily and
Pierce— cost Charles D. Lane $75,000 on a
mining deal they tried to engineer for him
in London. Pierce was connected with
the Areno mine In Mexico and his man
agement of that property was rotten.
"We propose to fight this matter to tho
bitter end. We will let some of the stock
holders of the Gold Run Gravels (limited)
know something of the peculiar charges
made in its books by Pierce, and also the
way in which he conducted business. He
held up the vendors for a piece of money
the moment the transfer of the properties
from the original syndicate to the new
company was made. The sooner the trial
comes off the better we will like it."
Presiding Judge Dunne has assigned the
cases to Judge Hebbard for trial.
"Gardiner, Daily and Pierce are the real
plaintiffs in the case. They bought from
Joe Redding cne of these mines to float
en the 'dear public' of London, as they
expressed it, and succeeded admirably.
They claim fraud was perpetrated by. Red
ding, Wiltsee and myself. These men had
an option to purchase the mines at Gold
Run for eight months and the Gold Run
Syndicate bought them. Then they were
thrown by them, on the London public
under the name of the Gold Run Gravels?
(limited). Redding had nothing to do with
this latter, transfer. He was simply the
vendor in the first instance, selling h's
interests outright to the syndicate.
"iCow, how they brought Wiltsee and
myself into the case I do not know. If I
were not a peaceable citizen and a man
of family I would take a black snake or
some other weapon and go down and
thrash Daily. I have a letter from Sam
Newhouse in Denver, for whom Daily
worked, in which he gives him the worst
kind of a reputation.
"This is all spite work on the part of
W. II. Daily, who Is connected with the {
Copper King Mining Company of Fresno,"
says Doolittle, "and he is the active
mover In the matter. He is a human
hyena and has made trouble for every
man with whom he has had business. He
is associated with Frank Gardiner, who
bought the. Copper King mine for less
than $25,000 and floated it in, London for
£275,000. Arthur L. Pierce ia another *-t
the coterie who was interested In the deal,
and who, leaving a wife and children in
Philadelphia, went away from Denver to
Australia, with a woman named Carrie
Swain.
Redding is also made defendant in a
suit tiled simultaneously with the one re
ferred to. The plaintiff in the second ac
tion is the Alabama Gold Mining Com
pany. Both complaints are signed by
Carter P. Pomeroy, attorney for tho
plaintiff corporations, but the names of
the principals do not appear.
Jefferson E. Doolittle was a very angry
man yesterday. The more he thought
about the suit filed In the Superior Court
by the Gold Run Gravels (limited) against
J. D. Redding:, K. A. Wiltsee and himself
the angrier he became. He declares the
suit Is an outrage and a piece of spite
work and he threatensHo make things ex
ceedingly warm for somebody.
Blames W. H. Daily and Declares if
He Was Hot Peaceable Man
He Would Resort to Ex
treme Measures.
Says Suit Against J. D. Red
ding, E A- Wiltsce aod
Himself Is Spite.
DOOLITTLE WAXES
EXCEEDING WROTH
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
Story of a Romance in Which a Beautiful Southern Girl
Appears as the Comfort of His Declining Years Is
Told — Is Not Remembered by Dealers and Artists Here
NEWS RECEIVED OF DEATH
ALONE AND IN POVERTY OF
FERDINAND LUST, MUSICIAN
1 Paps 23 to 32 i
( _^Willo-ws Wins From Chico.
SAN JOSE. March 0.— Ho Yow. the Chi
nese Consul General, is negotiating for
the purchase of the racing stable and
stock, farm of James W. Rea, the politi
cian. _The' farm consists of eighty acres
on the bank of Guadalupe Creek. Bix miles
northwest of they city. < Much Better,
Esther Downs, Iran 'Alto. Fredericksburg
and eight other racers are included In the
purchase. The '. place has grood buildings
and is. an improved and up-to-date train-
Ing place. The price i* «aid to be upward
«»f J50.000. ¦ .
for a . Breeding Farm.
Consul General Ho Yow Negotiating
MAY BXTT BEA'S RANCH.
The fourth grand annual plcnlo riven
by tho original Klnjr*s Band will be held
at Harbor View on Sunday, March 34, In
stead of to-day, as was Inadvertently
stated.
Kind's Sand Picnic.
Professor E. E. Moor? of University
of California Discourses on Edu
cation of the JevrsS
The Sf.venth lecture of the University of
California extension course was delivered
by Professor E. C Moore at the Normal
School on Powell street yesterday morn
ing. The subject of "the professor's dis
course was "Education of the Jews." Pro
fessor Moore said in part:
"The early education of the Jews was
HEBBEW INSTRUCTION
OF A SACRED CHARACTER
of a religious character. It commenced
in Palestine and extended later to all the
Hebrew tribes. The sacred teachings be
came necessary that a knowledge of the
Holy Book mljrht be spread among the
people. In the year 64 A. D. the high
priests established the system of national
schools. This continued long after the
destruction of the templo and the over
throw of the city."
"Before the year 600 A. D. the Jewish
learning became diffused among the Bab
ylonians and the Arabs. In the latter
races of people the sciences soon became
understood. Medicine, philosophy, theol
ogy and astronomy were among the sub
jects they delved Into. When the con
quering sword of the Arabs passed weat-
ward this education followed It. Th«
Jews, hovering under the protecting arm*
of the Arabs, remained in the wake of t£a
large armies and -with them reached
fepain. We find traces of th» ancient edu
cation In that coxmtry to-day, and even
? i e - nIntn century, which was th« pe
riod of dark ages for the churcb, the
pplendor of Hebrew learnlns naver
waned."
whlle a member of the Academic League.
Following Is a summary of the events
and the officials:
Allen. V.\ A. Powell: timers— Professor XV. E.
Magee, Colonel Georgre C. Edwards and II. O.
Smith; field Judges— Ed Hussey. J. D. Hoft-
man; clerk of coursa. N. Titus; ««-*-Mn1 el«rk.
F. Schwabacher: measurers — II. W. Sqtilre*.
U B. Brainard; field marthal, E. I* Beck.
CAMERA SHOTS TAKEN* BY THE CALL'S PHOTOGRAPHER DURING THE ANNUAL FIELD DAT CONTESTS BE
TWEEN THE FRESHMEN AND THE SOPHOMORE CLASSES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. THB
FORMER WON FROMiTHE LATTER BY MANY POINTS.
Dan Honig's Theory captured the six
furlong race, the last of the day. Doublet
looked the winner, at the stretch, but
Theory proved a better finisher. Selde
made a strong finish, getting second place.
Advance Guard was properly ridden
yesterday in the one mile and an eighth
race, a four-cornered affair, in which
Gonfalon, Autumn and Tuthlll were the
other three entries. Though weighted far
and above any of tho others. Advance
Guard wa» an easy winner. Autumn with
Enos up started out to make the pace and
Burns tacked right on, clung fast all the
way down the backstretch and passed
into the lead then and there, never to lose
It again. Gonfalon and Tuthlll moved up
at this point of tho race and then the fast
work began. Burns took no chances and
kept Advance Guard true to his name
and gained all tha time a« the procession
stretched out. Tuthlll, steered by.O'Con
nor, came from behind and stole the place
from Gonfalon, Autumn having surren
dered at the paddock. This race was run
to form and shows all the more pointedly
what a poor race O'Connor rode on Ad
vance Guard Thursdav last, when For
mero won out. .The. time yesterday was
within a half second of the Tanforan rec
ord. The reversal of form is surprising,
to say the least-
Green B. Morris* great two-year-old
colt Cunard took the Colts' First Trial
stakes by eome very fast work In the
stretch. Golden Cottage, the other entry
of the Morris stables, was elated as sec
ond best and proved it. by getting the
place. O'Conner took Cunard through the
pack and steamed home in a driving fin
ish. Felix Carr"s colt Corrigan ran a good
race. Cunard lopped off a half second
from the Tanforan record, which Is now
:47*4 for four furlongs.
Tommy Burns piloted Sister Jeanl©
home for the purse in the Fillies* First
Trial stakes. The course was over four
furlongs, and at no time was Sister in
danger. Flora Pomona, the second choice,
finished as she was slated, Zlrl with Henry
up getting the show. The race was fast—
AH seconds.
The first race over five furlongs was
won handily by Rio de Altar, with Thorpe
up. Rio took the lead and was never once
headed. Henry on Skip Me got the place,
O'Connor coming in for the show on Ben
son Caldwell.
Eliminate J O C from the San Fran
cisco Champion Steeplechase handicap for
four-year-olds and over and this $25u0 add
ed event wax easily the best ever seen
at Tanforan.- Credo, l^othian, Veragua,
J O C and Olinthus were ine entrants
and they were all ridden from start to
finish over every obstacle of the long
three-mile course, all except J O C, who
fell early in the race. Veragua and Olin
thus cut out the pace. Murphy being sat
isfied to hold Credo back far enough for
fast work when the time came. Just be
fore the last hurdle on the far turn Credo
fihot out and easily passed Veragua, who
was in the lead. . OMnthua and Lothian
brought up In the wake.
.First c£ all. the form players reaped a
golden harvest. In every instance but one.
the lirpt race, the favorites stamped upon
the shadow of the wire ahead of the ac
companying liflds. The only exception
was Kio de Altar, piloted by Thorpe, and
Rio was second choice. Of course, the
bookies enjoyed the visions of long hu
man strings at the back of the boxes after
rach race. They were hit hard and often.
Tho crowd, which was big and which
neemed to have plenty of money; packed
the ring and played the lavorites quite
heavily.
through the Colts' First Trial
stakes and Sister Jeanle made things
hum in the Fillies' First Trials. These
star performers in four special events^
made the racing at Tanforan notable and
far removed from the ordinary Saturday
programme.
STRONG and sturdy Advance
Guard ran to form yesterday at
Tanforan, Credo won the Cham
pionship steeplechase, Cunard cut
BY LOUIS HONIG.
A nose finish marked the close of the
final j?even furlong selling affair, for
which Sir Hampton had the place of
honor In the speculating. After Jumping
out and setting a merry pace Horton. witn
Bullman In the saddle, came with his
customary rush at the end. Sir Hampton
stood a gruelling drive r-nd was awardeJ
the decision. Mounce could do nothing
with Gibraltar, running a distant third.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Dominlck repeated his success or. Sub
lime by placing Torso Maid over the mark
Jim for the three and a hmf furlong tw^
year-old dash. The Burns & Waterhous-e
entry enjoyed the honor of favoritism in
the betting and after a hard drive re
ceived the verdict over Prestene by a
neck. Show honors fell to Irma A.
On the strength of a flattering work-out
Bernota, It was thought, had a great
chance to beat St. Rica for the mile cell-
Ing run. The little brown fellow proved
a great disappointment, for It took hard
riding on the part of Mounce to get him
home second, in front of Satin Coat. Dom
inlck had St. Rica in the lead from ths
start, winning hands iown In 1:42.
Fast Dr. Scharff again met with de
feat, this time by Killdoe in the "ThirJ
Event," for two-year-olds eligible to start
In the Gcbhardt handicap. There was lit
tle to choose between the pair In the post
time betting, each being quoted at 13 to
30. The Doctor cut out the running, bJt
found the undertaking too trying, and
Killdoe beat him a lenrrth handily. Jar
retlerre d'Or dlsnosed of thd other, two
starters for the show.
F. J. O'Rourke's chestnut horse • The
F"retter, winner of the Burns handicap,
distinguished himself further by taking
the mile and a sixteenth handicap, with
118 poundB up, from a field of five. Open-
Ing an 8 to 5 choice, his price went to 3.
and even at that closed favorite, for Beau
Ormonde, Rio Shannon, Grand Sachem
and Bangor were all extensively played.
Piloted by Mounce and carrying 100
pounds. Beau Ormonde set a provokingly
warm clip for seven furlongs, closely
trailed by The Fretter. When Mounce on
the latter asked the question the son of
Brutus worked his way to the front, win
nine by a neck in 1:47*4. Bangor, which
was backed from 8 down to 16 to 5, refused
to play, running unplaced.
Eleven platers started in the first event,
a six furlong sprint. Sublime made his
first Etart at the Emeryville course In
Pome time and, installed a pronounced tt
forlte, experienced no difficulty in win
ning. Wedr, on the .'0 to 1 shot. Catherine
Bravo, reached the wire second, two
lengths before William K. El Karn ran
far back In the ruck.
like shaking ripe, mellow peaches
from the tree. The card was not one to
go Into ecstacles over, being light and
fluffy. Still It furnished six Interesting
Innings of sport, in which first choices
grabbed everything in sight. Master
Domlnick. the "St. Louis Garrison," start
ed to make a home run, and though he
did not succeed rolled up a string of four
winning mounts. He was the . one re
splendent star of the caddie, for Bullman
landed but one and Mounce the other
money getter. With all the counter at
tractions, the usual Saturday crowd was
on full dress parade, and the betting ring
presented an animated appearance.
THE bookies at Oakland track are
having a hard row to hoe these
days. Picking winners at the track
over tho bay yesterday was just
By F. E. Mulholland.
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
NEW YORK. March 9.— At Interstate
Park, Jn the continuous match trap shoot-
Ing, the high Bcores were: Helkes, 48;
Gilbert. 139; Parxnlee. 40: Fanning, 111;
Crosby, (5; Leroy, 15.
Association championship— Crosby, Far.
nlng, Banks, 23 each; Gilbert and Parm
lee, 97.
Fanning Makes High Score.
Foventh race, on» mile and Berenty yards,
ftellintr— 1-3 Moran won. ails* Lioretta second,
Crj-Ktalllne third. Time, 1:47*;.
Fourth race, the Hu*h cup handicap, two
Tn!!ee and a quarter — Frangible won, Bert
U>a\-i* second. Grey Ktorge third. Tline, S:f.8»i.
Fifth ra<-<\ six furlongs, handicap — Mlsa
Hanover won, Andes second, Jlanco third.
Time. 1:14.
P!xth race, nev»>n furlonps. wiling— Clara
I>avld vrcn. Blumlst eeoond, Dorothy Lee third.
Time. I:S0U-
First race, one mile, selling— All Bwell won.
Jack A<iie tw»eond. El Faso third. Time, 1:43.
Peeond rare, one mile and seventy yarti, eell
lnr—McGrathlana Prince won. J. IL Eloan Bec
ond. Block third. Time, 1:47. .
Third race, eteepleoiia&e handicap, short
course — Don Clarencio won, Mls» Ransom sec
ond, Rrtetol third. Time. 3:07.
XT.VT ORLEANS. March 9.— Weather
clear. Track fast. Results:
Besnlts at New Orleans.
F!ren!an> Fund 01301002 &— 14
Page hlti 01204001 4—12
BUnford 1 00110010—4
l':is« hits 2 0 0 0 2 6 0 2 0— <
Umpires— Erb and Colllne.
ni"K8 AXD HITS BY IXXINQ8.
Btar.frrd. Fncuirms. Flreman't F.
Parker Pltrher Mosklman & Krug
Hall Catcher. W. Hammond (capt}
cowa™ .' F"Sn*t base Follansbee
Mls=ner R»v-ond bane Collins
ttrwn Third base Gold«wortby
r.dwarfis (capt.)...£hTt Hop.Kruj? & Mofklman
Crawford I^ft field J. Hammond
Murphy Ont^r field Van H&ltren
Fymonds Itijrht field Dutler
Krug and Mosklman were en the slab
for the Firerorn and Allowed the college
men but six hits. Following was the.
l'.ne-up:
8TAXTORD UNIVERSITY. March 9.—
Tte nreman's Fund team defeated .the
Stanford vanity In a looso Bame of base
ball on tho campus this afternoon. For
the. first two Innings the playing 1 on both
sides Tras errorless, but in the third the
heavy batters among the visiting team
began landing on the ball at will. Kniff
hit for a home run. scoring J. Hammond
and Collins, and giving- the underwriters
a. leaxl that they held throughout the
g*me. '
Parker, who was in the box for Stan
ford, was pteadiler thnn usual, walking
but two men and striking out the entire
Fide Jn the fourth inning, but he allowed
fourteen hits. Stanford did not play up
tn her form of two weeks ago In either
the outfield or the infield.
Baseball Game.
FIBinELAN ? S FTJND WINS.
Defeats Stanford in. a Loosely Played
Time— H. :1S>; : H. :I«: M, :4S'4: T«. 1:27%.
Good etart. Won fir»t three driving. Winner,
G*crge Miller"* br. h. by Imp. WatmreM-lmp.
lilrsle Hampton. Horton fell short about two
lD«"he*. tlounc» could do nothing with Gibral
tar. Others not In it. Scratched — Mitten 93.
Morinra 105. Alleviate 103. Mocorlto 9S. Crom
well V'l, GoldoTie 105.
B'ttlnp— Sir Haxr.i-t«Mi. 11-10; Hortoa, 6-2;
Gibraltar, B-2; Cue. l r r, Locram, 200,
SO7.1. EIXTII RACK-Seven furlong; «ell
lrjf; four-year-olili and up; purse, $400.
Irflei. Hott^. Wt, Jockey. St. >-4. Ptr. Fin.
<U21)f=!r H'repton. 4. ms.Dom 3 12 1 J 1 ns
l!r,2 H'irton. t. 111. ..Pullman 1 2 h 2 5 2 10
<rc»')G!bra!tar. 6, 108-.. Mour.ce 4 4 6 3 n 3 10
tmCte. 4. 105 Alexanders 6 5 4 10
>-S7 i-iooram. a. 100 Hoar 2 3 n 4 3 E
liotTinp— TTie Pretter. 3; IV'au Ormonde. 4;
X:lo Fhannon. 9; Grand Sachem, £; Har.por,
l»>-5 ; Uaxda, 12.
Time— 1-15. rttU: S-1C. :2r,Vi: 9-18. :55; IMS,
1-23: mile. 1:41: 1 l-16m. l:47'i. Good Ftart.
Wrjn iirst three driving. \VSnner. V. 3.
<VRourke> ch. h. bjr Imp. I5rutUF-Xerva.
FrettCT nicely ridden and be^t. Ormonde
J altered cppOFlte the paddock. Shannon ran
his race. Sachem badly ridden. Bangor
fulkM.
UOTZ. KIFTII P.An-— Mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-clds and up; purse, $:.0<r.
Irter. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. U. Str. Fin.
if-is The Pretter. 5. Ill.Mnoe :> 2 n 1 % 1 n
ISM H. Ormonde. 3, J0f»..l)om 4 12 2 4 2 4
I03S IC Hhanimn, 4. l<H.K«>l!y 3 3 2 3 n 3 1
9Bi <re Sachf-m. «. M.Faur.t 2 4 n 4 4 4 15
J047 BaJWOT, 5. 111. ..Bullman 16 6 6
T'ariJa. €, lC3..Iia?£lnBcr 6 5« 5 3 6
. Bettinp- Kllidfw. V.-IC; Dr. Scharff. 3-2; Jar
rrtlerre d'Or. i; KFta-io, 15; Barklyite, coupled
v 1th Jarretierre d'Or.
Tim" — 5-3C :30; 9-16. :nji4- Ooo4 Ftart. Won
rlevertj", Second and third driving. Wir.ner,
Hcro« & Watrrhouse's b. p. by imp. Foul
Phnt-Pulcle Laroniiie. Killdoe had worked
veil and showed plenty of s=peed. t>r. Scharff
pn-w »<>ar>-. Jl'Or FtrrireU as harrier went
up- Pcratcli*^ — Evp.i «J 109, Ropewar 115.
2071. FOURTH RAC&-Four and a half fur
lor.Er; Third E^ - ent; two-year-olds; purse, $500.
Tr:<1ex. Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. H- Etr. Fin.
<r f 22)Kilidoe. lir. Bullman 3 2J 2 4 11
3P« Or Pcharff. H9..Mounce 1 11 In 2 3
2055 .larret'rre <5'Or. li:...Ruiz 5 4 6 4 12 3 n
3!74 Estate. 112 Dominlck 2 3 5 3 4 4 15
mo Harklyite. 1C3 Logue 4 5 5 5
Tiroe— U. :-6: '4. :r*: \. 1:1514: mile, 1:42.
O><-wJ Fts.rt. Won easily. Second and third
<irivinc Winner. Atktn & Lotti-idge's b. k. by
Imp. fct. Apdrew-Ricardo. St. Rica excellently
Tifiden and best. Bernotx acted eour at thi
I-oFt and rcn badly. He Interfered with Satin
Coat lr. the stretch. Tony Lepplnr can do
tetter with a rider up.
netting— St. liica. 7-Z: Bernota, 1-2; Satin
Ci.'B.t. C; Tony L<-pr'r.K-, S.
2OTO. THIRD RACE — On* mile; eelling;
thr*e-year-oldj; J'JrRe, $400.
Irflex. H<5TPe. AVt, Jockey. SL H. Str. Fin.
2<5 Pt. Klra, ir-0...»om:nlck 1 1 n 12 14
17^5 Bemota. 1^» M ounce 2 4 in 2 4
196* Fatin Coat. 103..Kaef in^r J 2 2 4 3 5
174 s Tony Leppinir, 1<^. Stuart 4 3 h 3 n 4
TiTr.e— 3-16, :1S4: 7-1S, 4SH. Good rtart. Won
til out. Fecond and third firiviny. Winner,
Jlura? & Waterhouse'e br. f. by Torso-Happy
Maiden. Prestene would have won Jn a few
racre etrldea. Irrr.a A ran a nice race. Lady
< *rlr> has ep<»'M3. Oartha a bad actress at post.
Others no accour.t. Scratched— Knocking^ 115.
Bettlr.p— Toito Maid. 6-5; Prretene, 5-2; Irma
A. 12: Lady Carlo. 40; Gartha. SO; Post Bell,
£0; Flattered, CO; Marios>a, SO; Legare, 40.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Saturday,
March 8. 193L— Weather fine. Track
fast.
S0O9. FIRST RACE— Six Jurtonr*; «ellln«;
three-ye»r-oJCa and up; purat, $300.
IrxJex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- %. Fin.
1P7S Sublime. S. l»».I>om:nlck 1 S 2 In 14
20CS CEth. Bravo, 3, 9*.. Weir « 6 2 4 1 2 1
j::5 William F, 4, IW.Faunt 7 7 2 S h 3 1
TA\ Free Pars. 4, Uo.Armstr 4 8 1 Si 4 1
2043 TiTir-a-Lin*. 4, fcS.Rnsch 9 < h 6 H B 1
1W0 Sen. Matts. 5. lCT.nassgr 3 1 n 2 3 6 H
1J?7 Billy Lyons, 8. 106.Mnre 8 9 1 9 1 7 1
1»T5 El Kara, X, IDC KellylO 10 1 10 1 IE
1?T7 B!U Young, 3. 100. Homer 5 3 h 7 h 8 2
IOC* P*»ralonr. I. lOI.Alexndrll 11 11 10 5
ir«6 Follow Jie. X. Ul.BuUmn 2 4 h II 1)
Tlnie-44. »x. :O; * 1:15U. OooJ*Btart.
Won ea?lljr. Beeond and third driving. Wln
rer, J. F. BteT-art's ch. f. by Imp. Lord Ester
l!r.r-D*reinone. Winner nicely ridden and
rcuch the best. William F badly ridden. El
ICam no chance. Follow M« a "dog."
Scratched— Molll* Connors S3.
Pettlng^-Subllrne, 6-5 i Catherine Bravo, tO;
William F. 10; Free Pass. 30; Tinjr-a-Llns. 6;
Senator Matts, 200; Billy Lyons. 10; ES Kara.
*; BUI Young. 15; Pesalongr. 100; Follow Me, 15.
2OC9. EEOONT> nACE*-Three and a half
fnrlcnc*: tsaidea fillies; two-year-olds; purse,
IrdRX. Hor*«. Wt, Jockey. St. \. Btr. Fla.
t:H Tor** Maid, 115..Dotnnk 5 S b U In
: :2 Prestene. llS....Bullman 14 4 4 2 1 H
*CS4 Irat A. U0....I!afs!r.j?«r4 SI 8 1 3 2
SMO I^ady Carlo, 115..Fallehy 111 In 41
1?13 Gartha, 112 Cassln 2 8 1 6 4 6S
r>46 Poet BelU 110....Mounce 6 « 7 8 1 6 S
2010 Flattered. 110 Hoar 8 8 6 7 1 7 1
ISOfi Martosa, lli Macklin 7 7 1 S 5 8 5
_.... J>gare. 113 Greene I • • - ' ' t _
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
Four Special Events Draw a Large Crowd to Tanforan.
Credo Wins the Steeplechase for Champions and
Favorite Advance Guard Shows a Return to Form
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN PAEK-Saturday, March
fr, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2OJJS. FIKST RACE— Five furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Btr. Fin.
19.-3 It. de Altar, 108.. Thorpe 2 1 >i 12 12
IS?) Fklp Me. 107 Henry 4 3 3 24 21
cl!'S:)U. Caldwell, H2..()'Conr 1 6 3 4 1 3 >i
-'054 Eonlc. 107 Farrell 6 5 1 5 2 4 2
202S Marcy. 103 Woods 3 4 'i 6 1 5 3
2054 Sinn, 107 ..Weddemrand 5 2 2 3 h 6 1,
1557 Immodell, 112 Bell 7 7 7 7
Time— v;, :23*i; %, :35U; »». 1:00^4. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. by Em
peror of Norfolk-Marlcopa. Klo de Altar had
the most Fpped and stood his field on their
heads. Slnfl blew up at head of the stretch.
Skip Me ran her race. Scratched— Triple Cross
102, Quiz II 112, Nellie Forest 107.
Bettlnp— Klo de Altar. 7-2; Skip Me. 8-3;
R'nson Caldwell 7; Eonlc, S; Marcy, 30; Sinn.
7-2; Immodell, 300. ¦
2003. SECOND RACE-About three miles;
San Kran.-isco Champion Steeplechase handi
cap; value, $3025.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. WJ. LJ. Fin.
(184S) Credo, 6, 17i Murphy 2 3 2 13 14
1992 Vrrasrua, a, liVWorthtn 4 1 >i 2 2 2 6
<2016)Ollnthus, 6, IS.',. Houston 5 2 12 3 2 3 5
19M Lothian, 5. lS8...Suthrld 14 4 4
19U J O C, a, 128..McMahon 3 5 •
Time— 3:53. Winner, J. Tod Sloan's b. k.
by Morello-Prlie. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Credo outclassed h'ia
field. Murphy rode a nice waiting- race. Ver
agua's race a reversal of form. Olinthus hard
ly up to a lon£f course and boy made his move
too soon. 'Fell.
-Betting— Credo. 2; Veracua. 13-5; Olinthus,
cXupl.-d with Veragua; Lothian, 5-2; J O C, 4.
2004. THIRD RACE-Four furlongs; Colts*
First Trial Stakes; two-year-old colts and
BeldlnRs; purse, $1250. .
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str.' Fin
<lS»)Cunard, 123 ....O'Connors 5 1J 4 hi 12
U.'TSx;. Cottage. US... Turner 2 11 1H 2h
(2000)Corrlgan. US Sloan 5 !h 2h 3 4
£f'l4 L. Appleby. llSf... Henry 1 4 "a 5 ]5 4 1
(lCM)I'restano, 115 Burns 4 3 H 3 h 5 15
20O4 Royalty. 110 Thorpe 6 6 6 6
Time— U. :24; %. :47'4. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. O. B. Morris' ch.
c. by imp. Goldfinch-Lucanla, Cunard ' much
the best. He stood a long, hard drive and re
sponded camely. Corrlcan v.-as carried wide
or he would nave been second. • Appleby ran
a swell race.
Bettlns— Cunard. 9-10; Golden Cottage, cou
pled with Cunard; Corrlgan. 9-3: Lucien Ap
pleby, IS; Prestano, 7; Royalty, 00.
20flr>, FOURTH RACE-Four furlongs; Fil
lies' First Trial Stakes; two-year-olds ; value
$1240.
Index. Horsn, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1S«O Sister Jeanle, 115.. Burns 5 12 13 16
204*; P. Pomona, 115. ..Turner 8 4 6 2U 21
lSKTZIrl, 115 Henry 2 8^4 8 1 3 h
1S11 Minerva, 110 Kee 8 7 H 5 U 4 1
Ishtar. 115 Miller 4 6^ 62 5 3
2O04 Yrsula. 110 Murphy 7 8 17 3 6 2
18S3 Oratossa, 110 Thorpe 1 2 2 4 3 7 3
....Phyllis, 115 Farrell 9 9 84 84
"20:7 Musique, 110 ..O'Connor 3 5 H 9 9
Time— U. :23X4; U. :4?. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
\V. B. Jennings * Co.'s b. f. by imp. Mldlo
thlan-Fannle Louise. Sister Jeanle outclassed
her field and won In a. romp. Minerva ran a
swell race; she was away poorly. Flora ran
her race. Oratossa dogged It badly. Scratched
Bettlnjr— Sister J»anl«v 3-3; Flora Pomona, 4;
Zlrl. C: Minerva, IS: Ishtar. 60; Yrsula, coupled
with Minerva; Oratoasa, 30; Phyllis, 100; Mu
slque, 15.
2O6O. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth
miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse,
J3C0.
Index.. Horse. Wt, Jockey.St. U. Str. Fin.
2*141 Ad. Guard. 4, 121. Hums 3 1 h 1 Hi 1 3
1S56 Tuthlll. 4, 103.. O'Connor 2 3h 3 3 2 4
0)3S)(,'onfalon, 4, 107. ..Henry 4 4 2h 35
2041 Autumn, 5. 1'J6 Enos 1 22 4 4
Time— U. :13: 'i. :2TAi: V4. :^0%; »i. 1:13»;: m,
l:40',i; 11dm. l:."2*i. Good start. Won handily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Carruthprs
& Shields' ch. h. by imp. Great Tom-Nellie
Van. Advance Guard was a wild horse anil
Hurhs did not rate him behind. Tuthlll ran
his race. Gonfalon sulked a bit. Autumn quit
early. Scratched— Xanson 105.
Bettinsr— Advance Guard, 6-5; Tuthlll, 7-2;
Gonfalon, 16-3; Autumn, 5.
20G7. SIXTH RACK-Slx furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Inrl»x. Horfo, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
1957 Theory, 5, 107 Henry 12 1 lti 11
:02S Heln>, 3. 30 Meade 3 3 2 3 2 2 4
2023 Doublet. 4, in?..\\>drstd 2 1 1V4 2 2 3 ni
2017 Vohirer. 4. 10S.. O'Connor 4 6 4 4 h 4 5
2040 K. Kelly. 4. 103. ..Miller 5 4 1 5 4 6 3
2015 Kspiranrlo, 6. 10S S<>e 8 5 h 6 10 6 10
2031 CanUnus, 3, 0J..Mathws 7 7 7 7
Time-M. :23}'.; u, :47a; ; %] 1:13. Good start.
Von handily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. T). A. Honls's b. m. bv Imp. Esher-Morn-
Inc Glory. Theory b*-et. Doublet plenty of speed
but stopped. Seide ran his race. Vohlcer
closed Ftronc. Scratched— Astor 110, Lomond
105. Jennie S9. •
Betting— Theory, 9-5: Seide. 7: Doublet, 4;
VohWr. 11-5; Kitty Kelly, 8; Esplrando, 30;
Cantlnus, 200.
The second half of ihe first home-and
home tournament between teams of ladles
representing the Sail Francisco and Oak
land Coif clubs took place on the Presidio
links yesterday morning, beginning short
ly after 10 o'clock. Tho Oakland team was
captained by Mrs. P. E. Bowles and the
San Francisco eight by AIlss Caro Crock
ett. The San Francisco team was a much
stronger one than that which played on
the Oakland links a week ago, for it in
cluded Mrs. R. Oilman Brown. Miss Alice
C. Hoffman and Miss Alice Haecr, none
of whom played on March 2. Miss Hager
came up from Del Monte specially to take
part in the match and was a valuable
member of the team, winning 2 up from
Mrs. P. K. Bowles. Miss Mary Scott fell
an easy victim to Mrs. Le G. C Tibbetts,
losing 8 down, but Miss M. B. Houghton
more than equalized this score, winning
9 up from Mrs. \V. V. Johnson. The gen
eral result of yesterday's play was ex
ceedingly close, San Francisco winning
by the narrow margin of 1 up. Subtract
ing this from the overwhelming score of
44 up made on the Point Adams links on
March 2, the Oakland ladles win the first
match 43 up. The fair green was in splen
did condition yesterday and the putting
greens were fast. The visitors were en
tertained at luncheon in the clubhouse
after the match, and many of them
watched the men's tournament in the aft
ernoon. The. full results are given in the
table:
Oakland.
Un.
Mrs. II. H. Sherwood n
Mrs. Lo G. C. Tlbb«ttB 8
Mfss Be« Hooper i
Mrs. W. P. Johnson o
Miss A. Knowlea i
Mrs. P. E. Bowles '. "........¦ 0
Mrs. F. K. Magee. o
Miss M. Deane a
Total 12
SAN FRANCISCO.
'..-¦.¦-¦¦-, Vp.
Mrs. n. G. Brown.....; i
Miss Mary Scott 0
Mlsa A. C Hoffman ; 0
Miss M. B. Hotighton '. 9
Mtss Caro Crockett .;.. 0
Mlsr Alice Haser 2
Miss Sarah Drum 1
Miss Florence Ives o
Total ...;.ii
In the afternoon the second match be
tween Class B teams- of the San FTancisco
and Oakland Golf clubs took place on the
Presidio links, each club being represent
ed by eleven men. The Oakland team
scored 21 to San Francisco's 17, thus win
nine •* up on the afternoon's play. Adding
these 4 to the 11 scored by tho Oakland
men "at the Point Adams links, OaJtland
won-;15 up, taking: the silver cup.
Though onlv four af Aj« visitors from
•Tied.
As the Presidio course was taken up
yesterday afternoon by the. Class B tour
nament the opening round of the fourth
contest for the Council's cup -was de
ferred. The matches may be played at
any time during the week convenient to
the contestants who are paired tog-ether. 1
Hugh Tevls .is drawn against : Charles
Page. W. II. La Boyteaux against H. C.
Golcher, H. C. Breeden against Captain
D. J. RumbauKh and S.' L. Abbot Jr.
agrainst J. W. Byrne. The fourth compe
tition for the Council's cup for women
was deferred on -account of the visit of
Willie Smith and David Bell to the Pre
sidio on March 5 and 6. and will take place
on March IS, 19 and 20.
P. B. Bowles a *
P. O. Gow 7. : 0
A. HIjTKlns 3
O. \V. McNear 0
J. Ames 0
H. Smith * 10
P. E. Bowles Jr 7
H. M. A. Miller :. 0
George Wheaton '. 0
George de Golla 0
T. Rlckard 1
Total 21
Alameda County scored against their op
ponents, two of them— H. Smith and P. K.
Bowles Jr.— won seventeen holes between
them, thus equaling the score of the six
Fan Franciscans who won their matches.
The full scores are given in the table:
SAN FRANCISCO.
Ur>.
W. E. Lester : •
Warren Gregory 2
.Worthlngton Ames 0
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh 4
J. H. Mee 3
A. Carrlgan 0
II. C. Breedcn 0
W. H. La Boyteaux 5
C. F. Mulllns „„ 2
Leonard Chenery 1
A. C. Bincham 0
Total 17
OAKLAND.
Up-
ADAMS POINT GOLFERS DEFEAT PRESIDIO MEN
Many Backers — Floodgate, Too,
Is Fancied for the Final
?
Of the dozen short ends that landed in
the opening round of the 120-dog open
stake yesterday at Union Park Chiarini
Bros.' greyhound Bunco Bill was tho luck
iest. Eugene Geary's Ireland was hl3 op
ponent and the talent figured that the dog
with the green name could win in a walk.
Ten to 1 was the price, and a few pikers
paid it just because they looked upon it
as a good bet even if they lost. Ireland
showed that he was worthy of the confi
dence reposed in him and soon had a long
streak of daylight between him and his
opponent. The hare, though, had a say
and acted as though a good slzfd mutual
on the short-end dog had been slipped in
his boot before the course. Ireland turned
the jack right to the slower dog and the
result copt the form players a good slice.
Beacon stands first in the minds of those
who Dick stake winners well in advance,
and is he!d at 2Ms to 1 for the last flag.
\\odgewood did well enough against
Honey Boy to win favor in the eyes of
the talent and is second choice. Flood
gate and IJttle Sister have adherents who
fancy them for a good slice of the purse.
Lonneraara won his Jirst course. beat-
Ing Brass Button pointless. The old black
deg is liable to do a bit of running against
any of th* fast onos in this event and
prove a stumbling block in the way of the
top notchers. Brutus looks strong enougli
to reach woll along in the stake and then
have hard luck stories told of him.
Of the New Yoik dogs, Ideala. the only
winner, outworked Dewdrop for the deci
s.on, upsetting Calculation at the rate of
a to 1. The doga show some cleverness
but no great sptcd. . After a few stakes
they might perform to a better advantage.
The short ends were:
Snapshot boat Sjppty Jllst. r» to 3; Kid McCoy
boat Hawker; Black Klurh boat First Foot;
Ripple beat Vandal; Wild Xoiah beat Silver
Cloud at 2 to 1; Tom Hurllik beat Faithful
I.ad: Ui-lar Hoot beat Lundln Unlcs at 5 to 2:
Thelma beat Aconite; Lottie M beat Half
Moon at 3 to 1; Ttburon beat Mac's Melody at
4 to 1; Ideala beat Dewdrop at 5 to 1; Uunco
Bill beat Ireland at 10 to 1.
The day's results with Judge John
Grace's ofilclal scores follow:
Open stake, first round— Golil Dust Kennels'
Brututi beat D. J. Ueaiey's Urania, 6-4; H. A.
Deckelman'3 Lawrence beat H. I,ynch'R Lilac.
6-3: \\\ Cairns' Gold Ore beat \Y. C, Hadper'a
Alameda I^ad. 4-1; J. Dean's Connemara beat
Chiarini Bros.' lirass Button, 6-0; F. A. Mc-
Comb's rtoyal Fashion beat D. Toland's Twi
light Jr.. 4-0; K. 41. Kellcgft'g Kid McCoy beal
Kay liros.' Hawker. 4-2; Clark & Growtage's
Ideala beat W. C Ularsun's Dewrtron. 5-3;
I'ashn Kennels' Rural Artint beat D. J. Hea
ley's Tapioca. 3-1: Pasha Kennels' Roand About
beat Yoeemite Kennels' Beauty Spot, 4-2;
George Parkinson's lien I^onionil beat Gold
Dust Kennels' Suringback, 3-1; George Shar
man's Black Flush beat Russell & Allen's
First Foot, 13-12; R. K. de B. Lopez's Sara
boat H. H. Gray'n Rona. 4-0; H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot beat fcterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist. 4-1; Sterl & Knowleu' Ripple beat T. J.
Cronln's Vandal. 5-2: F. A. McComb'H Frosty
Mori: beat .1. Hurley's Rlley Grannan, 12-1:
V. A. McComb's Bona Fide beat E. M. Kel
lPfTR's Iowa Boy. 11-fi: Russell ,fc Allen'* Daisy
Clair beat P. Reilly'» Cascade. 8-4; Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt beat Yonemlte Kenn<»l3'
Uncle fuller, 14-5; George Sharman's Chicago
Boy beat Curtis & Sons' Vulcan. 4-1: J. Hur
ley's O K Capitol beat Gold Dust Kennels'
Forget, 2-1: P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat
J. Hurley's Hurricane, 5-3; T. W, Bartels'
lianrier Bright beat J. Hurley's Gramercy,
4-1; C. Bonar's Wild Koran beat C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud, 7-0; F. A. McComb'* Craw
ford Lass beat T. Coleman's I>1nton. $-3: Pash-i
Kennels' Fiery Face beat J. Holden'a Scottish
Chief, 3-2; George Sharman'B fct. .- Ives beat
R. E. de B. Lon?z'« The Levite, 4-2; D. .1.
Healey'g Lady Clare beat Rusi-ell & Allen'a
Talk to Me. 6-1; W. J. Leonard's Tom Hur
lick beat Russell A Allen's Faithful Ixd. 3-2:
K. M. Kello>8R's Buck beat Vosemite Kennels'
Freedom's Banner, 4-0; T. J. McCarthy's John
Doe beat Larker & Rock's ladles' Choice. 11-S;
F. Jone< Wedtrewood beat .1. Smith's Boney
Hoy, 4-0; Curtis & Sons' War Kasle beat Er
wln & Lyons' Silver Wlnss. 3-2; P. J. Reilly'3
Warship a. bye: F. Jones' H«rlean CJladys b*-at
S. Handy's Twin City Girl, 7-5; Yopemlte Ker
nels' Mose beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne.
G-0; Sttrl & Knowlea' Ollta beat Chiarini
Pros.' Santonin, 3-2; George Nethercott's
Flotidcat* b«>Jit Russell & Allen's Spiteful. 7-2;
Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy beat J.
J. Kenny's Hot Haste, 2-2; J. DowlinK's Sir
Lawrence beat T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale, 4-2;
D. Toland'p Pleasant Girl beat Clark & Grow
tace's Memory. 3-2; I). J. Healey's Tiburon
boat T. W. Bartels 1 Mac's Melody, 3-2: Ch'-
Brini Rros.' Bunko Bill beat K. Geary'" Ire
land. 4-3; Acnelrt Kennels' Achilles beat Oeorne
¦\Vatron*B Fl Fl, 6-0; Gold Dust Kennels' St.
Michael bent W. N. Hoag's Cecil M, -6-2; P.
Doyle's Thelma beat M. Glea«on'» Aconite,
r.-3: P. Ktelnhoff's Veto beat R. E. de B
Lopez's Jewess, 3-0; L. F. Bartels' Best Bar-
Bain beat Clark & Growtace's I^ady ! Flavia.
C-3;- Curtis & Sons' Shadow beat T. J. Cronin's
Vixen. -4-0; Curtis & Sons' Reacon beat F. A.
McComb's Motto. «-0; P. .!. ReJlly'n Royal
ITnion a bye; P. Doyle's Liberator beat D.
Dillon's GranuvllliY. 15-7: J. Smith's Master
Workman beat 1>. J. Healey's Nlraslo. 3-2;
Pns.ha Kennels' Random Aim beat II. Lynch's
Gamecock. 6-1: A. R/ Harrison's Driar Root
best J. J. Kcenan's Lumlin Links. 16-11;
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas beat P. .T. Rellly's
LoujthneaRh. 8-1; H. Lynch's Lottie M b«at
a. Lenr.on"s Halfmoon. 6-0: F. A. McComb's
Little Slstor heat Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete, 4-2; K. Geary'? America beat Krr,klne &
Jones' Lavender, 4-0; RusfoII & Allen's Rosie
Clair beat Pafha Kennels' Real Article. 4-2:
P. Jackson's Gnlden Russet beat T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle. G-0.
Talent Holds Curtis' Fast
Courser at a Very
High Figure.
— •
Wedgwood Does Good Work and Has
BEACON A STRONG
STAKE FAVORITE
TALENT PUTS A WELL DEVELOPED
CRIMP IN THE RING AT OAKLAND
TURF AND COURSING EVENTS AND FIELD DAY AT BERKELEY
FRESHMEN DEFEAT SOPHOMORES
IN ANNUAL FIELD DAY EVENTS
Close and Exciting Races on the Berkeley Cinder Path Are
' Enjoyed by a Large Gathering— Cheek and Cadogan
Carry Off the Honors by Their Brilliant Work
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
The crowd of spectators was not an en
thusiastic one. There was little feeling
shown by either class, and only at rare
Intervals did the collegians arouse from
their apathy to encourage their repre
sentatives to greater endeavors. The field
day practically was a tryout. A half
dozen promising sprinters and a few field
men give promise of developing Into
strong candidates for Intercollegiate hon
ors. Little Cadogan ran In great form,
and had he been pushed to his utmost
v.'ould have undoubtedly have broken the
coast record in two events. As It was, he
equaled the track record for 100 yards by
covering the distance In 10 1-5 seconds. In
the 220-yard dash he sped around the oval
and led his field by eipht yards. He did
the distance In 23 flat, but could have im
proved on this had he been pressed. If
Cadogan coi thiues to improve he will
surely equal Scroggln's time for the 100,
which was made on an Eastern track.
The two-mile run was Inaugurated.
There were more than a dozen starters,
but the distance was too great for the
bunch and only three finished. Clifford,
who won the race, finished strongly and
gives evidence* of being a good distance
man. With further training and better
pacing he ought to do better than he did
yesterday. His time for the two miles
was 11:28 -1-3, which Is comparatively slow.
Asblll did not shine in the 100-yard dash,
lie was beaten out by Brown and Town
send, two youths, who have- good speed
and endurance. Ealley won the mile run
In clever style. He allowed his field to .set
the pace until the last lap. when he let
out a few links and passed the runners
as if they were standing still. He spurted
the last 100 yards and finished fully fifty
yards ahead of his nearest competitor.
Bailoy has a fine stride and should b«
heard from in the near future. Brown en
tered the 440-yard dash, but the effort was
too much for him. He fell exhausted. a
few feet from the tape and was beaten
out by Llgda. Cheek '04 did great work
for his class. He netted twenty points by
capturing the low and high hurdle events
and the broad and high jumps. He Is still
showing the great form he displayed
at Berkeley, by a score of 73 to 43.
This overwhelming victory Is evidence
that the baby class has better athletic
material than its rivals.
rHE freshman clas3 of the Univer
sity of California yesterday defeat
ed the' sophomores in the annual
field day, held on the cinder path
S80-y»r<J run— Bailey '03, won: Clifford 'C3.
second ; Graves '04. third. Time, 2:08 3-3.
100-yard dash— First heat: Cadogan '03. won;
Aablll '04. second. Second heat: Brown C3.
won; Townsend '03, w»cond: LljrJa. -'14. third.
Final: Cadogan won. Brown second, Townsend
third. Time. :10 1-5.
120-yard hurdle— Cheek 'C«, won; Hannlgan
'04, second: Meany 'C*. third. Time. :17 2-5.
Two-m1le run— Clifford '03, won; Stalder '04.
second; O. Goldman '03. third. Time, 11:23 4-5.
220- yard dash— Cadogan '03, won: Townsend
'03. second; Asblll '04. third. Time, :23.
220-yard hurdle— First heat: Kruschke '04.
won; Moulder '03. second. Second heat: Cheeit
'04, won; Meany '04, second. Final: Ch<H»lc
'04, won; Hannlgan 'C4, second; Meany '04,
third. Time. :27 1-5.
One-mile run— nalley '03. won; 'Woods '01.
second; Stalder '04. third. Time 5:10 3-5.
440-yard daxh — Llgda '04, won; Robertson '03,
second; Graves '04, third. Time, :34 4-5.
Hammer throw— Hartllms "04. won; Ravage
'01, second: Llgda '04. third. Distance, 101 feet.
Hlsrh Jump— Cheek "04 and Cooley 'C4. tlrvl
for first place; ICruschke '04, third. Height.
5 feet 7 lnchex.
Pole vault— Star '04. won: TVlleox '04, second;
Symme* *C3. third. Height. 9 feet 5 Inches.
Shotput— Vllas '01. won: Llgda 'P4. second:
Herreshoff '03, third. Distance, 35 feet 7 Inches.—
Broad Jump— Cheek '04, won; Cadogan '03,
second. Distance. 20 feet 3 Inches.
Officials: Referee. F. Koch: starter, XV. M.
Christie: Inspectors— R. Woo!«ey. R. R, Ser
vice; Judges of finish— A. M. Walsh. 0. I*.
WILLOWS. March S.-Tho Willows
High School baseball team to-day wrest
ed a hard-earned victory from the- Ciilco
Normal nine. The came was a splendid
exhibition, few errors being made by
cither side. Tbo score was 4 to 1
24
{ PARALYSIS CURED f
S _^^j^^/f BY DR< MgL A0GHLIN j S ELECTRIC BELT S
• y^^^^d a— r Thousands Praise It. %
• «r -=sw t/tf^-^O^. \ ,., It is , e mod «m cure. The grandest remedy of the ajre. •
• \ \^ Y "^* ) X° rn W^ vou sleep: il fills the bod y with electrical current* •
® <Jhsi. ' < ' 6*^ Anil* which give strength to every organ; make the blood circu- J
ft - XS^g^sP^ lat . e more rapidly; warm the stomach and liver: overcome all \
O Jg&SbL^ P i am " nd re?tore strencth to every part. It is unlike every other Z
© y««3p%^ -^ •'WliXS&k. electrical body belt on thc market to-day. 9
• j8SBflMi^ls^&&WJKBEk J l S t0 " ch . is thc touch of the force which enliv- O
• L nS 1C circulation and kce P 5 u 'r» t5l = li^ of your nerves and •
i Reraarkabb Cure of Paralysis. I
• » W- willing to te.tlfy to the facts. Thankine you for your !dvlc« i^d .S3 •
• Jm I ¦work, I am. your* very truly. * * our ooilAnE? •
2 %y I// ¦ IT CIIRF^ • Nerv ° u s and Vita! Weakness. •
8 lf/ljj WUKL.O Pains in Back and Limbs. Rheu- g
• J«SiVi^\ 7 1 '.. • , r • . , , -r* . m atism. Kidney and Stomach Trou- S
• V ' b Je». Vancocele and Drams of Vitality, and all the effects of wasted 2
f .%)§> Vlts " ' orc c m Men and Women. q
• -¦ -^"=: . fc. / V-- // - ¥^T»»<=* i=* l^rf^^-ki^- II '" different from all other Eleetrto O
8^i_ T£ r fe // • rPCC DOOK* and sorcalled Electric Belts. It gives O
- *»¦¦¦« IS ' F art^ ha 1, ng f Sp ,* CIal Electrlc Suspen^'for 1 Sr > T«!S?il < tfi I .SS£ S
I I . SSS^sii §M0y^&^ I
I DR. M fi MPI AllfiHI IN 702 MARKET STREET, H
• Ulli ITIi Ui mULHUbllLm, San Francisco, Cal. SDivorces a Klondiker.
Grace M. Anderson has been granted a
divorce from Charles J. Anderson on the
ground of cruelty, together with the right
to resume her maiden name, Drummond.
Anderson made a fortune In the Klondike
and married his former wife, who was an
actress, at Dawson on June 6, 1S09. Upon
their return to the city '.they quarreled
and their property rights caused them to
become involved In litigation. "The-prop
erty rights have, however, been settled
out of court.
Suits for divorce have been filed
by Edith Gamba against Frank Gam
ba for cruelty, Catherine J. Jensen
against Hjalmar Jensen for cruelty,
Franklin J. Moore against Edith J. Moore
for desertion,' Cellna Green against J. S.
Green for intemperance. Rosetta Blering
against Emlle F. Biering for cruelty
Katharine E. F. Behrsing against Edward
Behrsing for desertion and Maria Worsly
against John W. Worsly for cruelty.
NEU>»"KIRCHEN\ Rhenish Prussia.
March 9.— Baron von Sturam Halberj,
Conservative member of the Reichstag, la
dead.
Licensed to "Wed.
OAKLAND. March 9.-The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day at
the County Clerk's office: Marius T.
Paakeson of Oakland, aged 35. and Laura
1L Hansen of Oakland, aged 29; Karl
Ahbolin of Oakland, aged 28, and Eliza
beth Lepp, aged 28; Arthur J. Kunze of
Oakland, aged 22. and Dora A.*Maleton
of Oakland, aged 20; William L. Getty of
San Francisco, age-1 31, and Esther Web
ster of San Franciricc, aged 24; Percy E.
Ballou of Bayside, Humboldt County,
aged 23, and Fanny M. MacLachlan of
Knights Ferry, aged 23.
McOmle, Bouthwest corner Page and Ashbury.
20xS7:6; $14,000.
There was only one large loan during
the week. tha.t one being made by the
Mutual Savings Bank to Jane Pomeroy—
565,000 on the property on the northwest
line of Market street, 252:1.8 feet northeast
from Golden Gate avenue, 25x79. The
releases ¦were also small as a rule. The
largest was for $100,000, being: from Alex
ander Boyd to Gertrude S. Bowers, on tho
southwest corner of Battery and Califor
nia streets.
The cornerstone of the new Calvary
Church will be laid this month. •
m
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bunlc« A. and W. E. Tobey to George and
Christina M. Todhunter, lot on W line of Lar
kin street, i7:6 N.of Lombard, N 25 by W 67:6;
12000.
Estate of Mary A. 'McIIaffle (by James Mc-
Haffle executor) to Ernest A. Sturge, lot on W
line of Buchanan street, 30 S of Waller, S 28 :C
by W 90; J2000.
Margaret Macmlllan (Meredith) and Hugh
Macmlll&n to Hulda E. Floodbers (wife of
Charles), lot on N line "of "Waller street. 81:3 E
of Kleiner. E 28 by N 120; $2500.
Grace A. E. Fraser to Richard H. and Mary
Flaherty, lot on W line of Stelner street, 92:1
8 of O'Farrell. S 22:6 by W 137:6; (4000.
Marcus Hart to Adalina Hart, lot on N lino
of California street. 156:3 E of Scott. E 25 by
N 1S2-.7H; gift.
George brown to Elizabeth A. Lindenau, lot
on W line of Masonic avenue, 100 S of Waller,
S 25 by W 106:3; $2000.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to John P. and
Rose Gallagher, lot on SW corner of Page and
Cole ft rc-ets, W 106:3 by S 30; $7000.
City and County of San Francisco to Be
linda Kennedy, lot on E Une of Guerrero street,
26 S of Camp. S 25 by E 110:3; $— .
Belinda Kennedy (widow) and Geonre Ken
nedy (singl?) to Joen IJohm. same; $6200.
City and County of San Francisco to Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on SW comer of
Fifteenth and Dolores streets, S 7L W 187, N to
a point, E 192: $— . . ,
Kosa Rovegno (wife of Stefano) to Hector B.
Zambelli. lot on 8 line of Fifteenth street. 175
W of Sharon, W g% Inches, SW 39:6, S 74:4, E
20:9. N 100: also lot on SE line of Market street.
89:« 6W of Fifteenth. S 74:4, W 2:8%, N 68:6?£
NE S:ltt. quitclaim deed; $1000.
Stefano Kovtgno to same, same; $1000.
Joseph and Sarah Naphtaly, Charles L. and
Carrie Ackerman and David Freldenrlch to H
li. '/.ambelll, all interest In sa.me; $1500.
Abraham Ruef to Edwin W. Bennett, lot on
N line of Fifteenth street. 25 W of Church.
W 25 by N IPO; $2000. . »-nurca.
Philip W. Relchert to Isabell Foster, lot on
E line of Folsom street, 215 S of Twenty-aee
cnd. S 22:6 by E 122:6; 11500. ¦•
Alexander Boyd and Oeorgre B. - Masttck
(trustees of the estate of John D. Thompson)
to Georglna C Hopkins, lot on SE corner of
Washington and Sanaome street*. 8 122 H
90:3H. N 122. W 90:3%; JSO.OOO. *
Philip J. and Mary E. Cunning-ham. Annie
L; Akerly. Alice T. and James A. Cunning
ham and Kate K. Villain (wife of Krnile B >
to Emlle Boesch. lot on SE line of JessiV
street, S18 NE of New Anthony. NE 12 by SE
£7:6; *S00.
Henry B, and Hilma A. Abrahamaon to F*in
r.lsh Evangelical Lutheran Church of San
Francisco (corporation), lot on N corner of
Harrison and Essex streets. NE CO by NW
100; $4010.
Robert W. Hampton to Albert C Hampton
lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 200 N of
California, etreet, N 25 by E 120; also lot on
\V line of Guerrero street, SO S of Eighteenth.
S 25 by W 100; also lot <m W line of Sixth
¦venue. 100 S of A street,' W 120 by S 25;
"Caspar and Sophie Zwlerlein to Christopher
S. and Laura A. Curtis, lot on E line of Ma-
Eonic avenue. 75 S of Java street, 8 25 by E
100 block 6, Flint Tract Homestead; errant.
Clara K. Eutro or Clara Kluge to Daniel
O'Day lot on Jf line of Eighteenth «treet. Si
E of Xehbury. E 25 by N 100. block F, Park
Lane Tract; J500. -, ;•¦ ¦
Henrietta Worsdale to Matilda and John
Forrester, lot on SW line of Seventeenth evve
nue. 875 SE of N street. SE 25 by SW. 100.
block 347. Case Tract: 11500.
Hanorah O'Halloran to James S. Bailey, lot
14 block 11, People's Homestead Tract A; $500/
Elizabeth M. and Peter 8. .WlUon to George
M. Wilson, lot on SE line of Majestlo avenue,
100 NE of Lakeview (Hearst), NE 25 by SB
100, lot 47, block H, Columbia Heights; $1000. .
PRACTICAL VICTORY FOR
BISHOP MONTGOMERY
Santa Barbara Judge Decides the Suit
Brought by De la Cuesta Against
the Prelate.
SANTA BARBARA. March 9.— The long
drawn out case of Eduardo de la Cues-.a
vs. Bishop Montgomery was to-day de
cided in favor of plaintiff, but in such a
manner as to make it practically a vic
tory for the defense. In 1891 Eduardo de
la Cuesta of Santa Ynez became the man
ager of Mission Kanch at that place, then
under Bishop Mora. He continued as
manager for some time after Bishop
Montgomery took office in 1806. Trouble
arose between them in 1837, when De la
Cuest put in a bill for a balance due him.
including a certain amount as salary. The
Bishop claimed that De la Cuesta's ac
counts contained mistakes, errors and
frauds. De la Cuesta then sued for tho
payment of $3200.
The case was tried In the Superior Court
of this county last summer. During th^
trial It developed that plaintiff had kept
no accurate accounts and there had to be
an accounting on his part of some funds
which he had received from various
sources; so that in the court's opinion,
the amount sued for Is reduced from
$3200 to J73G IS.
On the original cause for action De la
Cuesta's alleged salary, the decision is In
favor of the Bishop.
GROVER CLEVELAND
IS CAUGHT IN STORM
Former President Narrowly Escapes
Drowning While Duck
Shooting.
NORFOLK, Va., March 9.— Advices re
ceived to-night from the Back Bay Club
house on this coast, where former Presi
dent Grover Cleveland Is shooting ducks,
state that he and the president of the
club, Joseph Seelinger, were In' danger of
drowning last night. | They were far out
In the bay and In good luck, having shot
seventy-five ducks and many geese and
pigeons. Cleveland refused to leave until
night fell. Then they Btarted for the
shore In their small boat. A storm arose
and the boat was nearly swamped. It was
8 o'clock and pitch dark before they got
ashore. Cleveland shot most of the game.
He sent sixty ducks through here to-night
to Mrs. Cleveland at Princeton. The club
members say that the former President
had a close call.
DUKE OF MANCHESTER
DECLARES IT BLACKMAIL
Eelieves Portia Knight Will Not
Press Her Suit for Breach, of
°-;'iiV" ; Promise.
NEW YORK. March 9.— A special to the
World from Liverpool says: The Duke
and Duchess of Manchester left Liverpool
to-day on the steamshiD Campania for
Queenstown, accompanying the Duke's
mother, who Is going to New York. ¦
The young couple will spend some time
at their Irish residence at Tanderagee:
The World correspondent asked the Duke
if it was true that he had been sued for
breach of promise by Miss Portia Knight.
'"Yes," answered the Duke; "a writ was
served on me. but I look on It as being
in the nature of blackmail and have ig
nored it. The whole thing is preposterous.
I do not believe there is any real intention
to institute proceedinss. In fact, I under
stand they are already abandoned."
-Both. the Duke and the Duchess were In
high spirits.
GENERAL HARRISON v
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
No Sign of Complication Has Been
Noted in the Condition of the
-Former President. . ¦¦ -
-INDIANAPOLIS. -March 9.— The : condi
tion ofGencral Harrison. is slightly Im
proved. Friday 'night he slept well 'and
to-day he suffored less pain In the mus
cles 'ofihls chest; than' since i the attack of
intercostal neuralgia- began. : Dr. Jamie,
son called at *tho- residence. this morning
and found his distinguished patient rest
ing easily. The physician stated this
evening that immediate improvement
seemed In ' sight, although the advanced
age of General Harrison. was a factor to
be considered. ' No symptom of any. com
plication has yet arisen to alarm the
rather a ticklish subject, though," added
Butler, who is a married man.
"The Prytaneans," said Miss ' Adele
Lewis, president of that society, "were or
ganized to extend the influence of the ; wo
men. The membership is made up of the
heads of other, societies in college, so it
may be seen how the women In general
North Hall steps and vow they shan't,
but they keep it closely to themselves.
They attend sorority teas and women's
gatherings with a punctuality that is mar
velous. They lament the degeneracy of
the times, the fall of the rush, the decay
of masculine spirit — then they Join the
co-eds at a reception In Hearst Hall.
Nebraskan Predicts Party Disaster Ki
REPUBLICANS SLOW,
£..;¦/ SAYS WILLIAM J. BRYAN
Greater Progress Is Not Made
During This Administration.
NEW YORK, March 9.-W. J. Bryan ar
rived here from Buffalo to-day. He said
he expected to remain here several days
on business connected with the Com
moner. •
"I stopped at Buffalo." said Mr. Bryan,
"and saw the Pan-American Exposition
grounds and buildings. The color scheme
Impresses me as better than the Chicago,
World's Fair and I believe the exposition
will be uulte as big a success as that of
1SS3." •
ivir. Bryan' said he would deliver no
speeches "and attend no public exercises.
He had nothing to say about free silver
or "paramount issues." He was ques
tioned about various matters of public in
terest and made the following replies:
"It looks as if the Nicaragruan canal
project had fallen throuph. The transcon
tinental railroads and the McKinley ad
ministration are responsible. The rail
roads are afraid that if the water was
used for the canal there would not be
enough left to water the stocks. If the
Republican party makes no more progress
in the next four years than It made in
the last four It will soon reach its finish.
This big steel combine is but another Illus
tration of the trusts we fought in the last
campaign.' The tendency Is to still fur
ther and larger consolidations of capital.
"The deadlock in the Nebraska Legisla
ture — oh, yes. that is easily explained.
You see there are only two Senatorships
at the disposal of the State and there are
more than two railroads. Each railroad
can't have a Senator, therefore trouble re
sulted."
POLITICAL REVOLUTION
BREAKS UP A CABINET
Dissensions in Valparaiso Causa
Changes by Which th,s Liberals
Will Regain Their Power.
VALPARAISO, March 9.— As a result of
discussions in the last session of Congress
and the recent political revolution the
Cabinet has resigned. The retiring Cabi
net had members of -the Conservative
party. The new Cabinet will be composed
of Liberals only. It is believed that Senor
Rl'esco's nomination for the Presidency
will be a severe blow to Don Pedro Montt.
He is ambitious and popular and Is a
near relative of President Errazuriz.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The following
Californians are in New York: -From San
Francisco— "C.- B. Dexter, at Albert: L. F.
Geisster, at Imperial; F. L. Orcutt, at
PUua; S. Sternbcrg, at Imperial; Mrs.
Franklin, at Holland; L. Gassner, at
Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles— W. W. Cocklns, at
St. Denis.
CUSHION TEAS OR RUSHES? IS THE MOMENTOUS QUESTION ON THE
BERKELEY CAMPUS, AND UPON THE INFLUENCE OF THE CO-EDS
DEPENDS THE SOLUTION.
ys—^ ERKEI.EY, March 9.— Whether
1^/ cushion teas or the more mas
*^V culine pastime of rushes are to
,\ >m J^ be the future functions at the
University of California Is tha
momentous question on the Berkeley cam
pus. This question is based upon the part
women students take in college- life, and
upon their sphere of influence, It Is gen
erally argued, depends the answer.
The rebellion of yesterday among tho
senior boys has quieted down. They are
going to hold their smoker and they are
going to keep out all co-eds. They are de
termined to run that function at least by
themselves. .Meanwhile the women are
preparing to keep up their part of man
aging college affairs.
Miss Agnes Frisius, president of the As
sociated Women Students, believes that
the Influence of the co-eda cannot be too
widely felt at college, regardless of the
fate of the rush or the tea. She says:
"The women are taking- an active part l:i
college affairs. It is right that they
should do so, for men can't understand
the nice little details of affairs like
•women. We are going to elevate life hera.
Now about class day. There have been
some unkind and unjust jokes on giris
heretofore, and we are determined that
our exercises shall be better and morally
purer than the others. With President
McKinley here our class day should be
the best that it could be made.
Consultation Had to Arrange for Salfi
CANADIAN GOVERNMENT
IN A RAILROAD DEAL
"Women should have as much say in
college affairs as the men. We should be
on an amicable basis with them. The se
nior boys are going to give a smoker and
they haven't said a word about inviting
us. I believe, however, they are to give
us a lawn party instead, which will per
haps do just as well."
"In some cases the women are taking
too prominent a part In university af
fairs." said J. W. S. Butler, president of
the senior class. "They have a right to
help regulate class day and basket-ball
and charter day plays, but when It comes
to athletics something should drop. It Is
of the Northern Pacific Lines
- . In Manitoba.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 9.— The Dis
patch says: William Mackenzie, the rail
road macnate. who is behind the. deal
whereby the Canadian Government is to
buy up the Northern Pacific lines in Mani
toba, and General Superintendent Hanna
of the Canadian Northern arrived in St.
Paul to-day for the purpose of holding a
consultation with President Mellin in an
effort it is believed, to induce the rsorth
ern Pacific to somewhat amend its origi
nal proposition. : ; :. ;. "
Considerable opposition has manifested
Itself to the deal, as it entails more or
less expense for a number of years. There
is a very well developed feeling that the
Great Northern is back of the whole
scheme.
Mr. Mackenzie Is the owner to a very
large extent of the Canadian Northern
road, which company will offer to operate
the Northern Pacific for the Government
in case the Government buys the lines. It
would surprise no one if the Canadian
Northern would promptly transfer its
license to the Great Northern. The North
ern Pacific of course claims to care noth
ing about what is done with the lines
after they are sold, and If the Great
Northern should assume the obligation of
relieving the Canadian Government of the
expense of the purchase the Northern
Pacific would probably have no objection.
Mr. Mackenzie said late this afternoon
that the proposition to lease the recently
acquired Northern Pacific lines to the
Great Northern had never been proposed
and never could be considered.
King Edward Rewards Sir Spencer
GIVES QUEEN'S CANE > v »
TO AN AGED OFFICER
Ponsonby-Fane for His Life
long Service to Victoria.
LONDON, March 9.— The King has be
stowed an unusual token of recognition
of service upon Sir Spencer Cecil Braba
zon Yonsonby-IDine, a life Ions officer of
Queen Victorla'sMiousehold. The recipient
of the King's favor, who "is broken down
by old age and Is retiring to private life,
was summoned to Marlborough House,
where the King in a few simple phrases
of thanks for his loyalty to his% mother
presented him with the cane with which
Queen Victoria walked for thirty years.
The old man's relatives say that if the
King had raised him to a Dukedom he
could not so have kindled his pride or
touched his heart.
TVTRA McKINLEY'S HEALTH
HAS BEEN IMPAIRED
Strain of the Inaugural Excitement
Causes an Abnormal Nervous
;./ - State. * Vv
WASHINGTON; March 10.— Owing to
her unusual exertions ' on ' Inauguration
day Mrs. McKinley's health has been
much Impaired. According to the. latest
bulletins of her physicians she is enjoy
ing her normal health, -but all who know
her realize what this statement means.
She is very delicate, and It requires the
sreatest determination. on her part to at
tend to her duties. These she has fulfilled,
especially during the last week, with cour
age and steadfastness that amounts to
heroism. But The i strain of excitement
has been telling on her, and to-day her
nervous condition* is abnormal.
NEW SYNDICATE BUYS
' AN EASTEBN RAILROAD
Wall-Street Bankers and the Roths-
childs Acquire Control of the
, Seaboard Air Line.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The World to
morrow will say: August Belmont has ac
quired control of the Seaboard Air " Line
and . devised a . close traffic - arrangement
with the ¦ Louisville and Nashville Rail
road. . In this new railway enterprise
August Belmont & Co. represented a syn
dicate of Wall street bankers . and the
Rothschilds of England. The plan is said
to have been completed last week at a
series of conferences 'at ' the' office i of
August Belmont and John's.-- Williams' of
Richmond, Va.. president of the Seaboard
Air Line. ¦^^^dg^isasagggs^SEsgfgjfesgsaMBBW
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
WAX.DROX CASE DISMISSED.— W. C.
Walker, who ewore to a complaint charging
MUo Waldron, ex-saloon-keeper, with assault
to xnnrder for cutting him on the neck and face
at Ellis and Powell streets, testified before
Judge Ca.ba.nlss yesterday that he could not
¦wear that Waldron waa his assailant and tho
case was dismissed.
HANNAH PLUNKETT'S WILL.-The will
cf Hannah PlunkeU. who died February 8 last,
leaving an estate valued at 110.000. was filed
for probate yesterday. Decedent makeB'.speciflc
beqvests of $500 each to her daughters, I Mamie
and Kate Plunkett, and divides the residue In
equal shares among them and their sisters,
Lillian and Maggie Plunkett.
COXLIN HELD TO ANSWER.— Joseph A.
Conlln. the embezzling New York postal clerk,
wa§ brought before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock yeeterday morning and on
the uncontradlcted testimony of his captors,
Postofflce Inspectors C. C. James and J. E.
Jacobs of New York, he was held to answer.
He will be taken before United States District
Judge de Haven to-morrow on extradition pro
ceedings.
APPRAISE WETCSIJCOER'S ESTATE.— The
inventory and appraisement of the estate of
the late F. S. Wenslager was filed yesterday.
George H. Baxter. G. H. Umbeen and Patrick
Whelan, the appraisers, ' fix the value of , the
estate at J224.766 20. In her account as 'ad
ministratrix of decedent's will Teresa Wen
einger states that the value of decedent's
estate Is J243.951 64. 7,V
NATIVE HAWAIIANS MAY ENTER.—
•With reference to the application for landing
of two half-breed Chinese members of the
crew of the, bark John Currier on the ground
that they were American citizens because of
their birth in Hawaii. Fort Collector Stratton
Baid yesterday that If they should prove to
his satisfaction that they were natives of Ha
waii he would admit them, as he would ad
mit natives of the Territories of Alaska or
New Mexico, Irrespective of race, color or pre
vious condition of servitude.
WINDSOR HOTEL SOLD.— The Windsor
Hotel le&se and furnn-hlngs were ordered sold
J yesterday by Judpe Kerrigan to Robert Ken
dull, son of Mr8. William Trewhella, for $8700.
The hotel was recently conducted by Robert
E. Glaze and William Trewhella. The first
nan-.ed Is now awaiting trial Tor the murder
of the last named. A mortgage of 12000 on
the furnishings was raid off and the expenses
of the receiver, costs of action and attorney s
fees amounted to $1000. This leaves $5700 for
division between Glaze and his victim's widow.
"Billy" Lavigne Here.
"Billy" Lavlgme, brother of the ex
llg-htwelerht champion, arrived In this city
j-esterday. He la on a. pleasure trip and
Is renewing the acquaintances he made
•while here •with his brother three yearn
ago. "Kid" Lavlgne is anxious to try
conclusions with Terry McGovern. His
brother claims that the "ICid" can make
J2S pounds, and as this is the weight at'
which McGovern fought Frank- Erne, he
believes that the ex-champlon should be
given a chance.
SAX FRANCISCO. March 9.— Editor Call:
The late failure of the bakery proprietors of this
city to establish a uniform price uf bread and
the subsequent agnations of the journeymen
for better conditions are attracting unusual at
tention, leading many to inquire what really Is
the matter with those who supply us our dally
bread. ,
This baking business is very old. Its origin
Is so much obscured In the early centuries that
even in the time of the Israelites it waa In a
very crude state. No doubt bread was used in
Babylon, Nineveh, Tyre, Thebes and Jerusa
lem, but as there is no Information extant to
show that crain was prepared for baking pur
poses, other than by crushing between small
flat stones, worked by hand, we must conclude
that the bread of the kings and conquero" of
thoea times, however well they may have en-
Joyed rich wines from gold and silver goblets,
lacked the color and flavor that characterizes
the toothsome edible of to-day.
Grain must have figured largely in the food
of the ancients, for we find Pharaoh confiding
in Joseph and commanding him to gather and
Htore up grain to provide against an expected
famine. Boarding or the mo<l«?rn truck uysicm
must have been in full swing at the time, for
we are told that people working on public
buildings, the ruins of which are to-day the
wonder and admiration of the world, were com
pensated In foodstuffs calculated to sutnee lor
thirty days, and because of some using up their
allowance In less than that time discontent
arose, leading to the first recorded strikes,
many of which the king in person had to In
vestigate, invariably cocneding the peop! es ' de
mand. _': ,i ;
Inferior Dark Sread in Greece.
Passing to Greece! Through the times of Us
republican glory, in the rinlshed splendor of Its
architecture, wtth tta host of orators, philoso
phers, heroes, poets and historians, the bread
was very Inferior dark stuff, and If any should
think the people then lived longer or enjoyed
better health than people of to-day, I beg to
remind them that in those days life from the
age of 55 was deemed a burden: usefulness was
thought to be past and nothing left but the
hemlock cup or falling on the point of a sword.
To-day men at €0 are generally ambitious, and
seldom tire even at 80.
The Roman legions conquered East and West,
subduing fierce, warlike races: were almost
constantly exposed to the elements, roughing
It on the march or preparing for conflict, and
they subsisted on black bread and sour wine.
In distant countries, such as Britain, dry
grain wos carried in' pouches suspended from
belts. This has been proved recently where
fn immense section of a : chalk cliff, f&lllng
into the sea on the southern coast of England,
exposed to view the body of a Roman "joWller
fully accoutered, including wine, bottle ana
grain pouch.
The Loaves Pound in Pompeii.
In the museum at Naples can be seen a
number of loaves taken from an oven in a
public bakery unearthed during excavations at
Fompell. A mill also was found with a heap
or -wheat, suppossd to have been ready for
grinding when the bnrning lava poured over
the city. After 1700 years excavators disclosed
to the modern world the habits, manners ani
customs of the people of that once gay an<l
beautiful city. Not the least of the many
Interesting utilities then existing in Roman
cities were the public bakeries. Roman em
perors, tyrants as many of them were, took a
deep Interest in the bread supplied the people
Of the Antonlnes. under whom Rome was at
Its best. Emperor Aurelius had a statue erected
to a prominent baker In appreciation of the
good bread made under his superintendence.
So numerous fcad bakers become during ths
middle uses that in co-operatlcn with men of
other callings as a means of protection they
organized Into associations or guilds, thereby
laying the foundation of a movement that has
been more or less active for centuries and
survives to-day under the modern title of
trades unionism.
Received Charters From Kings.
The London. Edinborough and Dublin guilds
received charters from Kings of England. The
Dublin St. Anne v Uuild of Bakers has an un
troRen existence since 1408. The Bakers' Na
tional Union of Pcotland dates from 1S40 and
that of Ireland 1870. It is a matter of record
that the Dublin society is the best managed
and Its members the nest paid skilled labor
ers in Europe since 1S70. It Is also a fact,
although not" generally known, that more large
bakeries are located In Dublin, more capital
invested, more bread consumed by Its people
(S50.C00) than In any orher cltf In the world
vlth a population of 42:1.000.
American fiour enters largely into the manu
facture of bread In the three kingdoms. It
may sound strange, yet it . Is true, that the
best Minnesota flour Is exported to those coun
tries and sold at 50 cents a barrel less than
In San Francisco. It was not many years ago
when, for two eeasons, the rream of Pacific
Coast' flour r.-as shipped via the Horn to Eu
rope and sold In 50,000-barrel cargoes at U®
4 50 just the price charged to local bakers.
Probably non-union sailors at bed-rock wages
had something to do with low freights. In the
Minnesota case railroad charges regulate prices.
Yearly Consumption Increasing.
"We find as the population of civilized coun
tries increase, there is a keen inquiry as to
the amount of wheat likely to be available
by a g'.ven time; then speculation influences
prices. The yearly consumption of breadstutls
Is Increasing and Is certain to conct'nue. ow
lnK to Improvements in milling and use of
machtnery in large bakeries. The trend of
study is to devise means of increasing the
output per inan and reducing cost cf produc
tion, thereby Insuring the public good bread
at a minimum cost. Bakeries of this class
must use flour of superior quality; poor, cheap
stuff will not stand the power applied to
dough mixers, rollers and cutters; it would
go to pieces. Hence the time is not far dis
tant when San Francisco's bakeries must get
Into line wtth the progressive bakeries of the
world. What more convincing proof can be
offered than the successful grown of cracker
factories on this ccast— all operated by machin
ery, making repular hours practicable-. Insur
ing better surroundings and making the manu
facture of good crackers a certainty. I know
of no reason why bread cannot be handled In
like manner. Many already admit the possi
bility of a successful new departure. The fact
of extensive plants paying well In other lands
Senior Boys Sullenly Cling to Determination to Hold
Their Smoker Without Feminine Assistance and Presi
dent of Co-Eds Says Girls Must Elevate Affairs
look at this thing. "We believe that wo
men should work actively in all that per r
tains to the university and should leave
the stamp of the feminine everywhere —
even In rushes."
"These co-eds are altogether too numer
ous." said George Mansfield, a prominent
junior. "There are too many of them on
the campus. They are mixing up in our
affairs too much. Rushes gone, high Jinks
gone, charter dar scraps gone and noth
ing but cushion tea left— and -j-ou have to
pay to get out."
"The women students are doing what Is
correct." said P. A. Sinsbeimer, leading
member of the Bachelordom Club. "Their
help and influence are needed at all uni
versity gatherings. They help to elevate
the fellows. That's the general opinion
of the senior men."
Yebterday there were many senior men
who declared there was "too much co
ed." To-day they meekly submitted to the
influence of their sister students. Some
even appear to be highly enthusiastic over
the prospects of class days and rushes a
la co-ed, and thO3e who yesterday loudly
declared women students too numerous
hold that opinion as a mighty private one
to-day.
It is generally expected that the men of
the freshmen class will hold out against
the women much longer than their 6enlor
brothers. Being young, they haven't yet
reached the age where co-ed Influence
reaches them individually— supposed to be
the direct cause of the senior downfall.
Now it's the question on the campus,
"Will the co-eds rule?" The men sit on
Animals Perish in A. N.
Grant's Barn on Golden
Gate Avenue.
Owing to Inflammable Conditif«n of
' Material in Building Efforts
to Bescue the Beasts Are
1 Unavailing.
»
Early this morning fire broke out In a
barn in which were quartered ten horses
and were stored 230 bales of hay. The ani
mals were burned to death, so rapidly did
the flames spread.
Tae engines were on the scene early,
but the inflammable condition of the ma
terial In the barn rendered their efforts
unavailing. '** -
The ten horses could not be rescued and
were burned to death. The entire contents
of the barn were destroyed. The barn,
hay and horees were the property of A.
X. Grant. The building was located on
Golden Gate avenue near Taylor street.
Volumo of Transfors Grows
Each Wtek and Pricts
Improve.
The District North of California
Street and East of Kearny Is ¦
Receiving Much, At
tention.
The last week tas been marked -by sev
eral large deals In business properties.
From week to week the volume of the
realty transactions is growing. The dis
trict north of California street and east of
Kearny Is receiving much attention on
the part of eeekers for Investment prop
erties. In & comparatively short time the
sales of euch offerings in that section
have aggregated upward of HOO.OOO. The
northwest corner of California and Bat
tery «treets brought $155,111; northwest
corner of California and Drnmm, J145.O00;
north Une of California, «f orty feet east
froxn Battery, $70,000; south line of
California street, 82:6 fet west
£rom Front. $29,000; west line of Front;
1274 teet couth from California. $82,000;
east line cf Montgomery etreet, forty-five
feet south from Sacramento, $90,000; south
line of Jackson, 1S7:6 feet west from San
some, £15.000; couth line of Clay. CS:9 feet
east from Montgomery, $25,000; southeast
corner of Battery and Jackson streets,
$25,000; northeast corner Front and Oregon
streets, $13,000. General improvement, the
added wharfage facilities and the coming
cf the Santa Fe to the section are sup
posed to be sufficient to explain the at
tention that has been bestowed In that
Clrectlon.
The largest sale of the last week Is In
cluded In the foregoing list. This involved
the change of ownership of the old Peter
Donaiiue property, on the east line of
Montfomery street forty-live feet south
from Sacramento, which was sold by
ArchbiEhop paordan and heirs of the
Donahue estate to Douglass Watson for
about J30.000. The brokers were Shain
wald. Buckbee & Co. The understanding
Is that the purchase was made for an in
vestment. On the lot, which is irregular
but Is about J£:€xt>S:a feet, is a four-Btory
and basement brick building. When the
other realtv of the estate was sold this
¦was left, lor the reason that all the lega
cies were concentrated in this property.
Now all the legatees but one are dead.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold 451x
137:6 feet on the west line of Beale 6treet.
137:6 feet south of Mission, for Agnes S.
Crouch to Samuel Foster for J26.500. They
have also sold the southwest corner of
Jones and O'Farrell streets for Timothy
Bullivan and J. N. Kelson for J32.00U. The
lot is 4»:6xt>S:9 feet In dimensions. .
Other Large Sales Made.
A ElETiiflcant purchase of the week was
the lot owned b;- Julia D. Beylard and
Joseph H. P. Howard on the west line of
Third stret, 00x107:6 fee* deep, running
through to Opora alley. Abraham Aron
ron was the purchaser. The price is about
$112,000. The old structures now standing
will be torn down and will be succeeded
by handsome improvements.
The sale i.« reported of the southeast
corner of Sar.Kome and Commercial
Bireets by <leorge L. Carroll to Mrs. Chis
xnore. an Knglish lady, for $43,000. The lot
is SOxSv feet with an L. of 27:6x19:8 feet,
and has a brick building on It. The
brokers wore Thomas Magee & Son.
The southeast corner of Washington
Jind Sarisome stree.s has changed owners.
'1 his property is directly opposite the Ap
praiser's- building. The lot is 12Zx9!>:3tt
feet. On it is an old-fashioned brick
building. The price paid Is Ji.0,000. The
sellers are Alexander Boyd and George S.
ila^tick. trustees of the estate of John
U. Thompson. The purchaser la Georglana.
t^. Hopkins.
Thomas Ma gee & Sons have eold the
northeast corner of Pacific avenue and
linker street, 40x117:8}* feet, for $S50i), and
two lots in the Jifty-vara on tha
north line of McAllister street, fifty feet
cast from Pierce, for $3300 each. They
ate the same Fize— 27:6xl'J0 feet.
The Heater estate has sold to Herman
liraunschweiger property on the west line
of Orumm etreet. S1:S feet north from Cal
ifornia etreet. the lot being 45:10x70 feet,
for $30,000. There are old-time wooden
buildings on the place.
John Whelan has purchased from J.
Rossiter and iliss Dunn the northeast
corner of Fell and Shrader streets for $28,-
IM. Henry Stern made the sale,
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold a lot on
th» north line of Vallejo street, 137:6 feet
•west of Klllmore. 34:4^2x137:6 feet, for
Anita Berthea.u to Brigbtie B. Low, for
am.
Brokers Very Active.
The Dovle-Pryal Company report recent
FitleB of Mission properties as follows:
At 919. PISA. SI1 and SI1A Florida street, be
tween Tweaty-nm end Twenty-second, lot Six
100. building; containing four fiats, sold by
<;eorse W. Werner to K. HUlmaa of Napa for
!^T>- two flats. hUt and SOTi* Treat avenue, be
twfcn TTventy-flrst and Twenty-Becond street*,
lot roxlOO told by Magpie and J. B. Clark to
Frank Deniartlnl for $2i00; three flats. 10S0,
IOS end lu£2A fchotwell street, between Twen
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, sold by Robert
;.-.—» to Morris li. O'Meara. for about $3300.
Sol Geiz & Bro. report the following
tales:
Twenty-fire by 100, north line of L street,
('tween N'lnth and Tenth avenues. J700; 25x
120. west line of Ninth avenue, near L. street.
$700; 27x100, north line of M etreet, near Ninth
avenue, $750; 21x120. east line of Ninth avenue,
near II etreet. $1000; 2Lxl20. east line of Eighth
evenue between J and K. streets. $750; C0xl20,
weet line of Forty-third avenue, between J
and K streets. MOO; 2ixl20, east line of Twelfth
avenue, near Point Liobos. $750; 25x120, east
l!ne of Ninth avenue, near Point Loboe, $650;
2 lot# In block B. IJailroad Homestead, $200;
2 lots la block B, Gttz. Addition. $300.
Considerable stir Is making In the Sun
get dlBtrict. Robert C. Poppcnberg has
let the contract for a two-story residence
on L. street, between Ninth and Tenth
avenues. Adolph Strecker has just com
pleted and moved Into his cottage on
Tenth avenue, near L street. John Hag
bfrpr. the builder, will erect a l*^-story
cottage on his lot on Tenth avenue, be
tween K and L streets. Henry Claussen
Is building a. one-3tory cottage and •will
erect two-story flats on Ninth avenue,
near H Ftreet. Frederick E, Fox Is build-
Ing a one-story co.tago on Eleventh ave
nue, near J street. The Sunset Library
Association. located in a roomy hall on I
Etreet, between Eleventh and Twelfth
avrnuw, has incorporated.
Sol G^tz and Brother have placed two
half blocks on tbe nmrket between Sev
enth. KiKhth and Ninth avenues In tho
Sunset district. They will subdivide and
tell the lots on installments.
Henry Stern of David Stern & Sons re
ports the following sales:
Lot r7:6xI~7:S*i. with old bulldlnr. on th»
north line of Clay ureet. 10S feet east of
Broderiek, from the German Bank to J. Pratt,
for S4000: lot 20:2x137:6 fet-t on the south llns
of VaUeJo street, lli feet east of Gough. from
J. W. MoLKjnald to M. C. Haasett. Xor J37.VJ.
tbe buyer Intending to remove thereto the
Bherman House from Pacific avenue; lot Zjx
137 :i. on the north Iln*> of McAllister etreet,
ISl'l «*at=t of Masonic avenue, with two flats,
from Mrs. Titus to l>rs. Yl'acner. for XtSOO,
ttrd a lot Kxl37.< on the west line of Brod
«rick rtreet. 112:6 Fouth of Jefferson, from M.
Johneon to Mrs. Shay, for 1700.
Miscellaneous Matters.
David Bush & Son report these sales
Jn the San Martin ranch In Santa Clara
County: To Mrs. P. Bersey. 13 acres; to
Thomas Gunderson, 10 acres, and to
Charles M. Shortridge, 60 acres, at the
uniform rate of $100 per acre.
The Mutual Savings .Bank has con
tracted for foundations., etc. and for the
cast and wrought Iron and steel work for
the ten-storv building that will so up Im
mediately o*n the north line of Market
street and the south line of Geary, Just
v,<s\ of Kearny.
William Giselman will erect a three-
Ftorv building for flats and stores on the
northwest corner of Fulton and Baker
rtreets. to cost $14.(W0.
AKirza Hay ward positively denies the
rumor 'that there are any negotiations go
hjon for the lease to the Southern Pa
cllic Company of the building he Is erect-
Ing at the northeast corner ofMontgom
ery and California streets. "There is no
truth in it." he said positively. -.-SJ.
Some of the more Important saJes Placed
on record during the last week are as fol
lows:
Wllhelmlna L, Taylor to John Lee. northeast
corner HaiRht and Broderic** 44:6x112.6. * 15^J"-
Thorn** Der.lcnn to Jullu« Huttroann north
££t corner FoJ«cm and Fifteenth. *>*&*%*':*
fcilCO. tU.0Cv; Daniel Einstein to Margaret u.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. March 9.
The gentle art of sandbagging was tho
subject of a discourse delivered beforo
Police Juclse Smith this morning by foot
pads Thomas AicOuire and F. J. Zuboff.
who held up D. C Millan. a painter, at
Thirty-fourth and Magnolia streets two
weeks ago. robbing him of $1.35.
The two highwaymen, whom the police
captured an hour after the crime- was
committed, pave the prosecuting authori
ties no trouble, for both men confessed
their part in the robbery when put upon
their preliminary examination to-day.
"Zuhoff and I beat our way over to
Oakland on the ferry-boat from Saa
Francisco." said McGulre, "We rod© to>
B-street station, got off the train and
went to a couple of saloons for whisky.
At the second saloon we met a stranger,
who says to us. 'Let's go out and hold up
the first man we meet.*
"That was agreeable and oft w© went.
That man." pointing to Millan. who was>
sitting' in court, "was- the first on© to
come along. We followed him until w»
struck a dark place in the street. Then
I grabbed ono arm. Zuhoff grabbed the
other arm and the ether fellow hit tha
man on the head, knocking him out.
We went through his pockets, pot $1 35
ami spent it ir. a saloon for whisky. I
don't know who the other fellow was. Wa
left him r.nd went downtown, where we
wore arrested." . .
Zuhnff repeated his companion's story.
Detectives Kyte and Humerton told about
the highwaymen's confession to them.
Millan related the circumstances of tha
robbery. Judg-p Smith held the pair for
trial In bonds of $3000 each. •
as well us In many American cities keeps peo
ple thinking and leaves no fioubt but some
shall be Induced to action. Antwerp, with Its
monster bakery, developed from a small be
ginning. Hamburrr. Prajrue. Perlin. Vienna.
London. Dublin. I«el?a«t. Brooklyn. Njw York.
Chicago and many other cities are ahead. The
Boiand Caking Company of Dublin converts
2fC0 barrels of fijur in breaJ every week, and
po perfect is its management that cash for
daily output must be in the office at S p. m.
Schultz's of Brooklyn does an Immense busi
ness, and rests nn the best possible principle
of usin* no cheap trash.
Away B?hind the Ancients.
I may add that modern Journeymen as a nil.
are better paid any enjey better surroundings
than the averoce old-time- employes. It ts *.
sad commentary on . the present condition of
the bak^shop thit after 1T0O years, whilst
quality and consumption of brfail has Im
proved, we are away behind the nnciema. The
batch of eighty-one leaves found In the Pom
petlan oven were cookr-1 at night. The oven
had to be abandoned as the eruption of
Vesuvius increased in violence at noon and
by 2 p. m. the doomed city was enveloped In
lava, thus dissipating nil doubt as to bakJnr
havln<? been carried en by dayltsht.
Aside from this digression much can be »iid
bearing upon an Improvement in quality of
bread. The tendency of many to use cheap
fiViur is a mistake. IVubably I* Is bas?d on
a belief that working people prefer .juantlty
to quality. Thl3 I do not believe, for I know
Shultz's great Brooklyn concern is patronized
principally by people of small m?a:is on ac
count of the peculiar ilavor and general ex
cellence of Its bread. It Is the same In Chi
cago. New York and the world over. The sy»
tem of doing business Jr. this city Is »o com
plicated and so barren of satisfactory results
that much of the present unrest is due to It.
As it took centuries to develop breaii-makinx
from a crude beginning to the vast sphere of
influence It now occupies In the dally affairs
of the world, perhaps It may be unreasonable
to expect a final settlement of Its accumulate*!
grievances la the short space of a few months.
J. J. BARRETT.
m
Troubles Beings Adjusted.
At a conference of the committee ap
pointed by the sand teamsters through,
the San Francisco Labor Council and a
committee from their employers, held
yesterday afternoon, both sides of the
question were discussed at length. Time
was asked by the employers to consult
with parties affected before a final an
swer could be given. It is almost cer
tain that by to-morrow morning there
will be an end to the strike and the driv
ers who quit a week or* so ago will soon
be at work.
It Is expected that a conference will
also be held by committees from Schus
sler Bros, and the picture-frame workers.
and that existing difilculties will soon bo
settled.
There Is Just at present a little friction
existing between the retail- clerks and
their employers. The clerks still stand
for 6 o'clock closing, while the retail
storekeepers would like It to be extended
to 8 o'clock. It la probable a conference
committee will be appointed to try to ad-
Just this difference also.
The Journeymen butchers will conclnda
arrangements fcr the organization of a
union at a meeting called for that pur
pose this afternoon at 2 o'clock at Shiels
building-. 22 O'Farrell street. Durin? the
coming week" the vinegar and pickle work
ers, both male and female, will organize.
At a recent meeting of the cement
workers It was decided to purchase COO
worth of mill stock In addition to what
has already been subscribed for. The
Hotel and Restaurant Union has a mem
bership of 1250. with over 100 eligible
names to add.
The striklns sand teamsters have re
ceived liberal donations from \-arlous
union* durinp the last week. The pfcture
frame workers have been promised lika
support unless their troubles should end
In the mean time.
Highwaymen, Who Are Now Near
the Convict Cells of a Peni
tentiary, Receive Small
Returns. _,
Pair of Footpads Give Expo
sition of the Art of
Sandbagging.
DOINGS OF WEEK
IN REALTY WORLD
TEN HORSES ARE
BURNED TO DEATH
CUSHION TEAS ARE STRUGGLING
WITH RUSHES FOR HEAD PLACE
ORIGIN OF BREAD
HIDDEN IN PAST
MIKE CONFESSION
OF THEIR CRIME
Contributor Writes Enter
tainingly Anent the
Staff of Life, i
Men Who Baked Bread in the Middls
Ages Formed Mother Union
of the Labor
World.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
Raids on Lottery Men.
•¦ Lieutenant ' Price and . his squad aro
making things lively for lottery .men in
Chinatown, and a number of arrests were
made yesterday. At «3 Dupont street the
scene of operations was found in a large
brick wall, which had been scooped out to
form a small Inclosure.' A complete outfit
was seized, r At 115 AVaverley place " six
cases ' of lottery tickets were seized - and
25
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUKT THE
STOMACH. Tho St. James treatment fa
local, direct and positive.
The St. James treatment la prepared la
the form of Crayons, very narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are Inserted into the water passage at
niffht. where they dissolve and deposit tho
medication In its full strength upon the
Prostate Gland, contracting and strenirth
ening- the ducts and FORKVER STOP-
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
curing while the patient sleeps.
Varicocele.
Varicocele Is an accumulation of slug-
plsh blood In the veins of tha scrotum,
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has Its origin In a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations In this dls-
. ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered has cured
a slncle case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate ami restores healthy circulation.
Varicocele disappears and the sluggish
accumulation Is replaced by pure,
healthy red blood.
Thousands of men strlctured. weak.
wasting and despondent were cure*! and
restoied by the St. James method last
vear A vast army of men "in whom th»
ilcht of life has penetrated the fearful
; nlshtmare of stricture and seminal d»-
1 cay. •
—
irlptlon of the Incompar- «g»"i jsg^ ngg p— ¦}
leases. Every sufferer W^ TJ ¦* fi
!tis ami Seminal Weak- j 8 ? tJ
lociation, 2Z0 St. James t- Vjr hm f-n
il illustrated work show- f lj j p
ivolved in urethral all- 1 ¦ jE t 1
¦apped In plain package, |J gj fbm Bfrpy
James Block, Cincinnati, O.
. Space will -not' permit a complete dese:
able St. James Treatment In urethral dlai
from Stricture and Its offspring. Prostatli
ness should write to the St. James As3i
Bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful
ing -the parts of the human system In'
ments, which they will send securely wr;
prepaid ,
St. James Assn., 250 St.
Urethral Stricture
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or Incon-
venience. The bougies are Inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leavlns the canal as healthy as when
nature formed it. No BRUTAL CUT-
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
' nal treatment,
which must pass through the stomach
and urine i before it reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project Into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Gland, ami are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.'
Dr Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will ¦ dissolve, digest and forever
to take inter-
We answer the
questions briefly. If
you cut an artery
in your arm you do
not take Internal
medicine to stop the
flow of blood. YOLT
USE LOCAL, AP-
PLICATIONS. Sim-
ilarly when'the ure-
thral ducts become
weakened and re-
laxed it 13 rldfcu-
Why the Frightful Tension of, Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
lous
i5Ing initiated three candidates and at tha
close of business had a collation.
At the last held meeting of Pride of the
Forest Circle past chiefs' emblematia
pins were presented to Past Chief Com-
Pinions Mrs. L. Vlejs, Mrs. 1L Emits and
Airs. L. liSociC .. .... ¦
Companions of ; the Forest.
Anew circle of the Companions of the
Forest was recently instituted at Rio VJs
,ta by Supreme Grand , Chief Companion
Mrs. . M. E. . Falconer, assisted by - John
Falconer, P. S. G. C. C, and Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. Flco-ence N. • Mor-
Sherwood Circle at its meeting last
\\ edneaday had work In the initiatory de
gree.
• J h £ °. mc S ra w of Eureka 'Circle last week
entertained the members of Court Robin
Hood and a very enjoyabla evening was
Council at Its last held meet-
row.. The new circle starts with thirty
five charter, members^ .After the serious
business of , the evening there Waa a ban
quet in honor of .tha instituting officers.
¦'¦ A number of Interested Companions ara
engaged at this time In organizing a new
circle in this city
of Pythlaa has got a revival boom on.
The old-time Knight? of this the pioneer
lodge have been taking doses of frater
nal elixir and have successfully gone out
into the field for ellgibles, who have been
brought in and Initiated. On the night
of the 28th the lodge will return to the
Pythian Castle, on which occasion there
will be a housewarming. The lodgeroom
will be appropriately decorated and ar
rangements are being made for a most
enjoyable reunion of the members and
their friends.
The Pythian Chronicle, the new official
organ of ttffe order, has been issued. It is
a neat publication of twenty pages, well
edited, full of news for the order and
embellished with fine half tone pictures
It is gotten out by a board of directors
composed of C. W. Nevlns, W. J. Kidd.
H. Schaffner. -George Samuels, S. W.
Poell, H. R. Arndt and J. P. Abbott Mr.
Arndt is the editor.
Ivanhoe Lodge conferred the knight,
rank in long form last week and on the
14th inst. Unity. Lodge will confer the,
same rank.
A company of the Uniform Rank will
soon be mustered In at Lincoln, Placer
County. One is being organized at Jia
dera and another at Keswick.
Lilly Lodge of Slsson holds the banner
for increase during the past term, it hav
ing In that period made a net gain or
forty-seven.
The officers of Golden Oate Company
JCo. 3 will be installed on the 13th. The
grand chancellor and the grand keeper of
records and seal will visit Rathbone
Lodge at Jackson. Amador County, on tho
2?th. inst., when the lodge will hold an
anniversary celebration.
Reports from all parts of the domain
show unusual activity. It is no doubt
due to the interest that is being taken at
this time In the session of the Supreme
Lcdse to be held in this city In 1902. From
advices received up to date it is believed
that the number of visitors to San Fran.
Cisco will greatly exceed the number ex
pected when arrangements were made to
receive the supreme officers and repre
sentatives.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the review of. the San Francisco tent
of the Knights of the Maccabees held on
the night of the 29th of February there
was a large attendance of members and
visiting sir knights. The degrees were
conferred in excellent form on four
strangers by the degree team, and under
good of the order pleasant and Interesting
remarks were made by the newly initiated
rir knights and others. Past Command
ers H. A. Knox and W. H. Waterhouse
have been presented beautiful emblematic
gold and diamond set watchcharms in ap
preciation of past services. The presenta
tions to past commanders will .be contin
ued until each who has held that office
in the. tent shall have been honored. i
AH arrangements have been completed
for the reception to be tendered Supreme
Record Keeper George "J. Seigel on the
occasion of his first visit to California.
During his few days' stay in this city,
while the State convention in April shall
be in session, he will be shown all the
sights, entertained and feasted.
Golden West Tent at Its review last
Tuesday night initiated three who at the
previous review had been elected to be
come members.- Dr. Z. T. Malaby was
elected- representative to the State con
vention and G. C. Freeman was elected as
alternate. The- team of this tent-Is now
ready to enter the contest which is to
come off soon. It Is expected that the of
ficers of the tent will show that they have
been hard students of the ritual and that
they have it letter perfect.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The second biennial session of the Stats
convention of the Ladies of the Macca
bees will be held in this city on April 11
and 12 in Golden Gate Comrnandery Hall.
The supreme commander of the order will
be in attendance. It is expected that
there will be present during the sessions
a large attendance of representatives
from all the hives in this Jurlsdition." An.
invitation has been extended to all mem
bers who can to, attend the. 'sessions, so
that they may meet the supreme com
mander and that as members of the vari
ous hives they can become acquainted
with one another. A special committee is
arranging. a round of entertainment for
the oOlcers of and representatives to the
convention.
The following named are the officers of
Alpha Hive that was Instituted in ithis
city by State Deputy Commander' Mrs.
Eudocla S. Moffat on the 23d of last
month: Mrs. Mary G. Dunn, P. L. C.- Ida
B. Spence, L. C: Melissa G. McConk^y,
L. L. C: Elizabeth Atwood, L. R. K.;
Bertha Mackrett, L. F. K.; VIrignia Poul
L. C; Margaret Nilder, L. 8.; Abble E.
Richardson, L. M. at A.; Emma Hull, L.
S.; Mary H. Lewis, L. P.; Margaret
Wheeler, L. pianist; Edna R. Field, M.D.
medical examiner. This hive will hold its
reviews in Maccabee Hall on tho second
and fourth Fridays of each month.
afternoon's pleasure. The gathering was
thoroughly enjoyed and the hospitality of
Mrs. Farls was unbounded.
On February 24 Ernest W. Jakobs was
t».e recipient <3t a very pleasant surprises
tarty given to him by his mother at his
home, 1(W Seventh street, the occasion be
inj in celebration of the anniversary nf
his birthday. Music, dancing and games
were enjoyed during the evening and It
was a late hour before the guests depart
ed. Those present were: Miss Laura Swit
zer, Miss May James, Miss Marie Johann
sen. Miss Alice Johannsen. Miss Hattfe
Stiegler, Miss Mabel Troppman, Mis*
Bertha Atzeroth, Miss T. Atzeroth, Mis.-»
Mamie Pelpper. Miss Gertie Holz, Miss
Kittle Healy, Miss Amalie Jakobs, Mrx.
Switzer. Mrs. Jakobs. Messrs. Andy Rob
erts. William Williams. August Stiegler,
George Switzer, Oscar Hatton, Harry
Lleb, Matt. Culver, George Johannson
and Frank Jakobs.
A surprise party was tendered Edward
F. Murphy at his residence, 619- Hayes
street. Saturday evening, March 2. In
honor of his fifteenth birthday. Those
present were the Misses Edna VIdy, Jen
nie Murphy, Elsie Schenk, Alice Mc-
Dcugall, Gertrude Murphy. Ella F.iudo.
Bessie Morton. Edna Murphy. Grace ]
Dreyer, Ethel Dreyer, Frances Murphy. |
Freda Wahnig, Eva McDougall. Hazel
Murphv. Mary Schenk, Kate Le Mare,
Mabel Murphy, and Messrs. Edward Mur
phy, Walter Vidy. Murray Hopkins, Rob- ¦
ert Flynn. Flawn Carroll. Will Gunn. |
Harold Petri, Homer Hopkins, Arthur j
Peppln, George Atwood, Paul Hopkins,
Harry Ewlng. Joseph Castor, Eugene Car
roll, George Petrl. i
Club Parties.
The inmates of the Hebrew Home for
Aged Disabled at 507 Lombard street had
a great feast Tuesday ("Purim") after
noon. They were entertained by several
ladies who came to the home specially to:
this purpose and provided an elaborate
luncheon. Excellent music was rendered
by Mrs. L. Lewln, Mrs. J. L. Emanuel
and Miss R. Heyman. The other ladle*
who participated were: Mrs. A. Loupe,
Mrs. M. Siegel. Mrs. William Weil. Mrs.
R. Goodman, Mrs. P. Wurkhelm. . Mrs. J.
Heyman, Mrs. L. Emanuel, G. Koshland
and Mrs. J. Haas.
The Golden Gate Outing Club held its
monthly meeting at the residence of its
treasurer. J. M. Glennan. 2114 Geary street.
on Friday, March 1. It was resolved to
give an outing at Los Gatos on May 30.
After the business meeting music and
games were in order until a late hour.
Those present were: E. D. Miles. Bertie
Hennessey. A. Sullivan. Thomas Maroney,
Charles O'Brien, D. E. Hayden, F. J.
Driscoll. J. J. Jordan, J. Reegan, E.
Flaherty and D. Creedon.
In the Future.
The Astorlas will give their fourteenth
evening dress Rssembly, "A Night in Ja
pan," Tuesday evening, April 2, at Golden
Gate Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Oppenhelmer announce
their silver wedding Sunday, March 17,
and will be pleased to see their friends
Xrom 2 to 5 o clock at their residence, 1105
G<alden Gate avenue.
The Sero Club, organized in 1892, has
completed arrangements for its mas
querade ball, which 'is to be held on Sat
urday evening, March 16, at Saratoga
Hall, £14 Geary street. The officers of the
Sero Club are: William J. Collins, presi
dent: Horace Talbotte. vice president: Ed
ward H. Ziska. secretary, and M. V.
Burns, treasurer.
Sailed Away.
I The following passengers left on the
steamship Sierra, which sailed on Thurs
day, March 7: For Honolulu— Miss L. An
derson, H. Ashley and wife, Miss Ashley,
J. T. Ashworth, L. W. Atkins. Joseph
Aylor, J. B. Barnett and wife. R. C. Barr,
Dr. L. Barth and wife, C. Becker, L. G.
Bees. Dr. J. L. Benebe and wife, D. Bene
be. Mrs. M. L. Bettis. F. W. Black. J.
Blaek. Miss M. Blackman. J. Blakely, Dr.
F. X. Bonine. J. R. - Bordeaux. W. W.
i Branch and wife, J- F. Brown and wife,
Dr. J. W. Brown. Dr. O. C. Bunting, J. S.
Caldwell, Mrs. T. M. Callahan. D. F.
Campbell, J. C. Campbell and wife. Miss
Campbell, R. F. Carr. Mrs. Ed Chase, G.
Chiera and wife, Charles Chipman and
In Society Circles
wife, O. M. Clark, Miss M. Clark, James
Clyne, Miss T. Clyne, A. J. Coffee, Kg*?'
P. Jacobs, N.;J. Johnson. S. Johnson, Mrs.
G. P. Jones, Mrs; M. B. Jones;. A." "W.
Judd. C. G. Judd. W. Karen;. P. Ivetterlng
and wife. Mr. King. F. V. Knause, G. F.
Kuhls. Miss C.Kuhls. J. B.-Lamble and
wife. D. W. Lawrence, R. T. Lees, P. W.
Lewis and. wife, H. \V. Lombard. K. A.
Ix>tt, Mrs. P. S. Lott. J. Lowell, Miss E.
M. Lowell, F. \V. Lyle. WVH. -McGregor,
A. W. Miller. Mrs. J. F. Moore. J. C.
Moore. A. E. Morey and wife, A. Morri
son, Lewis Morrison,. J. Mowat, L. U.
Neville. J. H. Palin, St. C. Parry. S. S.
Patten, L. T. Peck and wife, Geqrge H.
Perry, Miss C. Perry, G. F. Peterson, W.
F. Peterson and wife. S. R.. Phelps and
wife. T. L Phelps and wife, C. C. Phil
brick. Mrs. A. H. Plcker.s, F. T. Pritch
ard and wife. Mrs. C. V. Purcell. C. B.
Quigley and wife. J. M. Raymond. G. N.
Heichard and wife. D. L. Cornwall and
wife, K. J. Cotton. B. Cramer. J. F. Crater
and wife. H. A. Crawford. Miss A. Craw
ford, J. K. Crowflt and wife,. Mr. Cunnlnp
hfm. W. H. Currier and wife. J. S.«Cur
tis, B. L. Dewey, Mrs. J. Dickinson, G. C.
DIefenderfer and wife, C. V. Dykeman
and wife. F. O. Evans and wife, Samuel
Felt and wife, James Fenneil. Master
Fennell, C. E. Fink, J. J. Fisher, J. L.
Fuller, T. F, Garratt. S. S. Getchell. L.
Gilbert. G. A. Gregrsr, Miss L.. Haag. Dr.
T. S. Hacker, A. Halliday, D. D. Hanover,
J. C. Herkner, L. C. Hill and wife. J. D.
Holsman, J. H. Howard and' wife, II.
Howell. A. Hromada and wife, C. A.
Hunjjerford and wife, Mrs. A. Reichard,
S. G. Reynolds. Mrs. W. G. Rogers, L.
Rosenthal, J. B. Ross. B. W. Rowell, G.
Schofleld, W. A. Schreiber and wife. H..
Setzer Jr., C. L. Sherwood, J. L. M. Shet
torly and wife. R. D. Silliman. G. F. Sin
clair' and wife. Miss C. L. Smith, K.
Prailh, M. Smith. A. C. Sprlmr. K. H.
Stafford.- N. A. Stoddard, J. M. Stover
and wife, T. W, Strahan and wife, Miss
N. Strahnn, Dr. I. A. Thompson, E. W.
Tucker. H. G. Van Court. Dr. E. Van
Slyke. B. K. Vaughn and wife, John Wad
dell and wife. Dr.- T. A. "Wapner, Master
Wagner, J. A. Walcntt, F. Walsen and
wife. E. M. T\'al?h. Colonel T. B. War
ren and wife. Mips Warren. J. H. Watson,
William "Went and wife, ¦ W. A. Whitman
nr.d wife. T. J. Winkler, Za3T\ B. T\'insor,
IT. F. Wood and wife. L. E. Wood. C. S.
Wrlirht, Miss II. Wright, Miss M. A.
Wylie: fr>r Auckland— J. G. Black; for
Sydney— II. F. Band anil wife. G. P. Bar-,
ber arid wife. Miss A. E. Barber. Miss I.
Barber. Miss J. M. Barber, L. Barber. R.
F. D. Barton. B. Berthald find Wife, M!s<*
K. Rl*hop. C. E. Booth. Mr. Deerine. E.
C. Drum, T... C. Gordon, G. B. Honper. M.
Lemcke. P. Moore. T. G. Nicklln. Miss
Robinson. F. Roflnr and wife, L. Samun,
A. E. Savare. J. M. Sinclair, Mrs. M.
Soule. A. t G. Stevenson. C. E4 Wheel
wright, H. 'W'ood: join at Honolulu for
Sydnev — Madame A. Dolores. E. IC. Lind
sey, R. Newell, Madame Vaudour.
.
Personals.
Mr-, nnd Mrs. E. B. Ryan and Miss Daisy
Rj-an have moved down to their home at
Menlo Park after spending the winter, at
the Occidental Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Label (nee L.U
bosch) will be pleased to receive their
friends on Sunday afternon, March 10. at
their residence, Barstow Cottage, San Ra
fael. . " ' •
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Herischer will be
at home every second Sunday, afternoon
and evening, at their residence at San
Leandro.
F. H. Bronson, for tho last seven years
an employe of the Butler & Haldan Insur
ance Agency, left on Friday evening on
the bark Andrew Welch for a tour of the
Hawaiian Islands.
Mr. and .Mrj; Leon Cohn '(nee Baum)
have returned from their honeymoon trip
and gone to housekeeping at 641 Lyon
street.
Miss Reinsteln has resumed her day at
home, the third Saturday of each month,
at 906 Ellis/street.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Schleslnger after a
honeymoon trip through Southern Cali
fornia are- In the city and' are stopping
with their parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Schleslnger.
Mrs. O. C. Baldwin has discontinued her
day at home until after the . summer
months.
Mrs. I Henry Flnnegass, who has been
spending a very pleasant winter in Waeh
lngton, D. C, has Just returned and is re
siding at 800 Van Ness avenue. At 'home
the first "Wednesday of the month.
p. F. Butler, Miss Genevieve and Miss
Alice Butler are at present sojourning In
Cairo, Egypt They leave shortly for an
extended tour through Italy and will re
turn to their home In this city about
September. »
Mrs. H. R. Levy of San Bernardino ii
In town to meet lier husband, who has
Just arrived from New York.
Prior to her departure East, Miss Flora
Black will be pleased to see her friends
next. Friday afternoon at 2014 Sutter
street.
The Misses Pragrer will be pleased to see
their friends on the first and third Mon
days at Hotel Granada.
to Mr. and Mrs. C. Smith at" their resi
present were: Mrs. Captain" H. ) Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. P. Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
Clarck. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. Mr. and
Mre. Reed, Mr and Mrs. Peppin.^Mr. and
Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Lahusen, Miss Egan,
Miss Rlely, Miss Murrhy, Miss Layinsky.
Miss' Gavin, Miss Schumacher, Miss Lu
cett. Gertie Reed. Alberta. Allen. Lois
Allen, Hon. W. Delaney. W.. Holiday, Mr.
Aherne, Mr. Gunter, Fred Lahusen,
George Reed. A. Wilson, H. Wilson, Mr.
Taylor. Ben Lahusen.
Louis Joos gave a nousewarmlng at hJ3
home, 100 Clay street, on Saturday last
in honor of his birthday anniversarv.
There were appropriate toasts and blight
speeches.
One of the most enjoyable of the recent
social events in Sacramento was the
luncheon given by Mrs. James Faria Sr
in honor of Miss Griffiths of Nevada Cltv
and Miss Hughes of Fayette. Mo., sister
of Superior Judge J. W. Hushes of Sac
ramento. ,The affair was unique In char
acter, being of the progressive luncheon
order. Covers were !.«:d for twelve and it
was arranged that is each group retire i
there was a new group of visitors to taku
Its place, and to add to the sum of the
/v^o OCIETY had a truly Lenten
/T*" -^ w«ek, the seven days Just gone
( Vs/W\ by. Entertainments were few
W\| and. those that did take place
-^A/ were thoroughly Informal. The
0 "^^ outlook for the present week is j
anything but encouraging to
those who love gayety. In fact everything j
point* to a perfectly quiet "period" until ;
the mid-Lenten days. j
The wedding of Miss Lilly Bours and
Dr. Arthur Wallace took place at the
home of the bride's uncle. X. K. Masten,
221S Clay street, on Monday evening,
March 4. The ceremony was performed;
by the bride's brother. Rev. William M. i
Hours, pastor of St. Peter's Episcopal
Church, and the bride was given into the !
groom's keeping by her brother-in-law, !
Dr. Hoesholt ; Miss Alice Masten was the ;
maid of honor, and Lawrence Harris acted :
as-be&t man. The wedding was a quiet
one. only the relatives and intimate
friends being present. A supper followed
The ceremony, and on Tuesday Dr. and
Mr?. Wallace left for Southern California
on their weoding journey.
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Berg announce the en-
Era^ement of their daughter. Miss ' LJllie,
to Dr. W. A. Rltter of Utica. X. Y.
The engagement of Miss Ldssa Arbogast
and Dr. J. Duncan Millikln is announced.
TLey are to be married soon after Lent.
Wedding 1 Bells.
The wedding of Miss Mayme F. Llnehan
and Joseph E. Swift took place at St.
John's Church Wednesday evening, Jan
uary 30. The church and altars were
tastefully decorated with white hyacinths.
palms and ferns. The marriage ceremony
was performed by Rev. Father Brady.
Miss Juliet F. L'nehan, sister of the
I'ride. aoted as bridesmaid and Thomas
I". Swift, brother of the groom, as best
man. After the ceremony a sumptuous
repast was served at the. home of tho
tnde's parents. Covers were laid for
Jifty-six. The house was artistically dec
orated in blue and gold and American
31ags draped the doors and windows. The
bride was attired Id a beautiful pearl
colored tailor gown, with hat to match.
The bridesmaid wore a mauve-colored
fuU. with hat to match. The bride was
tKe recipient of manv beautiful and costly
lircf=ent?. Mr. and Mrs. Swift have gone
to £an Jose, where they will spend their
honeymoon, and on their return they will
makn their home at I.2S Castro street-
The weddir.g of Miss Cora M. Smith and
Cnarles H. Stewart took place on
Wednesday evening at the Mlzpah Pres
byterian Church. Rev. F. A. Doane of
lirintod. Th*> bride was handsome In white
organdie. She was attended by Miss Jen
xne Stewart, a sister of the groom. The
pronm's best man was Clarence Smith, a
brother of the bride. A reception was
lield at the residence of the bride's par
onts. Ml 1^; Harrison street. Among the
many handsome gifts was a clock pre-
Ffnted by Court America No. 7916, A. O.
F.. of which Mr. Stewart is a member.
One cf the prettiest weddings of ths
Mason was tha* of Miss Mollie Gertrude
Hayward. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T.
W. Hayward of CS23 Army street and Jo
f >ph James Bacon, a joung business man
of this city, which took place on Monday
evening, the Isth u!l.. . at St. Paul's
t'hurch. Rev. Father Connolly officiating.
Hoth the church and *.he house were beau
tifully decorated for the occasion. •
After the ceremony the guests assem
bled at the residence of the bride's par
ents, where an elaborate supper was
served, after which singing, dancing an-1
games, etc., were indulged in until a late
hour, when the bride and groom departed
amid the showering of {,ood wishes from
¦UL
The bride waa attr.ed in a beautiful
pown of white organ-31e over white silk.
She wore a veil and carried a bouauet cf
Bride roses. The two elsters of tha
liride. the Misses L«ort?tta and Nonie Hay
ward, acted as bridesmaids, the forme.*
being dressed in pink organdie over pink
Filk. while the latter was dressed in Nile
rreen organdie over srreen silk. Each car
ried a bouquet of carnations. The grooms
men were Frank Ba'.cinan and Henry
Daseklrg. The gifts to the bride were
handsome and numerous.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. T.
"W. Hayward. Miss lxretta Hayward,
Miss N'onie Hayward, Mrs. B. Hyde, Mr.
or.d Mrs. A. T. Green. Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Dor.ohue. Mr. and Mrs. J Bacon. Mrs.
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Desmond, Mrs.
C. Johnson. Kev. M. I>. Connolly. Miss
M. Nicholson, D. Weston, Miss A.
O'Rourke, H. Daseklng, Miss A. Lynch,
F. Bateman. Miss E. Hobson. William
Bacon. Miss T. I^yoi.P. T. Hogan. Mrs.
Lon.iers. W. Brown, Mrs. B. O'Rourke,
D. O'Rourke. Miss L. Dieter. P. Dieter,
Miss M. McCormack, P McDonough, Mr.
and Mrs. R. Gunn. Mr. and Mrs. G. Lay,
Mrs. Drivers. T. Fallen. «4i5s L. Manton.
E. Byrnes. Miss J McDonald, T. CaJlan.
liiss K. Manton: H. Matteson.
Miss Ella Bogle, the daughter of Joseph
E. Bogle, and Richard Meyers of Wood-
Fide were united In marriage by the Rev.
Mr. "Sanford of St. John's Kplscopal
Church Saturday, March 9. After the cer
emony the wedding party returned to the
home of the bride's parents, where dln
dence. 72 Prosper str«;it. Among tho*»
ner was served, after which Mr. and Mrs.
Meyers left for their future home at
"Woodslde.
Hot Gatherings.
Recently a surprise party was tendere-l
Xnigbts of Pythiaa.
California Lodge has changed its meet
ings from Friday to Thursday nights and
¦*rtll hold its first meeting: under the
change on the 28th inst_ and have a house
warming.
Damon Lodge at a recent meeting
received two applications and conferred
the page's degree en ellglbles in a man
ner that won the admiration of the many
who witnessed the work. It waa the first
time that the new officers performed that
part of the ritualistic work and all were
astonished at their proficiency, particu
larly that of the vice chancellor, B. Park
er. This lodge has lost In the death of
Harris Wolff one of the oldest members
cf the order. He had been a Knight for
more than thirty-four years.
California Lodjre No. 1 of the Knights
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SinNDAr, MAKCH1U, 1WI.
26
YOUR
J ,
FREE! FREE! FREE!
TEST TREATMENT.
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
Sold under a guarantee to remove superfluous
hair and to. prevent tts rrowth, has been used
successfully for twenty years by the medical
I rcfesslon in 'England. After one application
your face- will, be as free from hair-as the
cheek'of an infant. .". ,
1 ELITE SKIN FOOD^-nemoves air blemishes
ard roughness; makes. the complexion perfect-
Vtf-ps the skin clear, soft and smooth
ELITE FACE POWDEH-Chemicaily pure-
a preventive from superfluous hair. - '
ELITE HAIK GROWER-Removes dandruff-
stimulate* the scalp; produces a quick growth
andlmakes the hair noft and bright / .
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the pores nf the skin. - ¦¦ ¦¦¦ •. ;
THE ELITE FACE BLEACH-For pemovln*
tan and freckles. . It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mail orders with stanma
Regular phyriclan in attendance. - —•*-•.
838 Market St., San Francisco.
ELITE DEEMATGLOGY INSTITDTE,
Branch at t Sacramento. Mrs. .. AdeU Kripp,
H.. PAULINE DINAN,
24 Kearny Street.
Spring openinp of French hats and bon-
nets, the latest Parisian novelties. March
14 15 and 16, Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day. '
*¦",./¦ • '.,'¦'¦.' - : ¦ , ADVERTISEMENTS. • . :
j J ' fc «7lj'J»S
HJJtjBLjflE M0fett_~ w " - - - - j^TOJ'Tk Str^nH^^^S 5>?^ssssw^^5^^j5^^^5C£3^^?ff^SM3Cs>tfAJ^^TrTl^Mfc*^^^^^ r^^'^*^ -it^Gl^T E*b^^?J^3sw 1 "'-J
V P_3 s-. /^ % -j \^ i^ -^ -^ j~^ p -t-*- jgn. j-. mr*. SlCK'WOIllCn oOOUlu i\wO.Q TlitSC LCTTtiS* !
.Ocl^lVc&WllwO Ol W OlllvO* "DeabMrs. Pijtkham :— For two years I waa troubled with falling
: andinflammation of the womb. I suffered very much with bearing^down !
— —^— ——^— —^^— . Im^^t^mm^mm^m^m^a^^m^l pains, headache, backache, and was not ablo to '
i . . . . I iiQfTLj. • do m y- housework. What I endured no one knows \
I Backacho is an invention of the evil one to try wo- I a^^^^^l but those who haTe suffered as I did. I could ;
1 mnn'a cm 1 I W^^^^S^^ hardly dras? myself across the floor. I doctored
j men s SOU1S. . I w with the physicians of this town for three months I;
| It has a begianing, but no end. Day after day its K «< W %ES£5SJ^to1«£S-*R£iS* I
H presence darkens the sunshine ; night after night it pre- ( 7 *^ *5it& no faith "* P atent medicines. At last I became so
| vents restful sleep. . Ur» W Sd In i^etati^, SrtSTn^StoJJS !
| Only those who have suffered in this way can under- d* _.- IL SttteKS.^JSliS I
H stand the wearying, ceaseless misery. *--. ¥&$ taken five bottles there was no happier woman on V
I Yet, backache is but a sign of serious inward trouble, pC*<^i|d e c^Si JSKd* J. w i^SL \
H which sooner or later declares itself. , l&SlfiSlI " tt 7 <ita E^KnktaS?. Ve^Sble Compound" S I
H Do yOU never WOnder What in the World is the reason |MR3. ELLA RICE. lieve me always grateful for the recovery of my f]
I your back aches so? >' . — U health. »-m rs. ella rice, Chelsea Wia. |
I Does your physician give you a satisfactory reason ? Mi55 PolIard Writes for Advice. |
M Tvk"ii«-'i ~, «,,«,,« • "Deab Mrs. Petkham:— I saw your medicine so highly recom- |1
M Does he CUre yOU I . . . mended I thought I would write to yon for advice. *"**-* «^«- n
I The backaches Of Women are Caused by diseased kid- • , "My menstruation occurs eyery two weeks, lasta a week and !a 1
S J painful. I have been troubled In this way for some time. I suffer from !
H neyS Or SOme Uterine derangement. Lydia E. Fink- I -I sick headache and backache aU the time, appetite S
I ham's Vegetable Compound cures, it always, because ISh!& m £Zt^Tu£T.ad^ I
H it is tho greatest known medicine for kidney and womb tod" Iliave tried doctor ' but he did not B «« m f
i troubles. , &&ti 319 S ' 4th St " Ricnm ° nd ' Va - (Feb. 20th, 1900.) |
3 Why do you temporize with backache when you must ilj W Miss Pollard Tells of Her Care. i
I know that its cause is deep seated ? You are enduring a fev "^./ "DeabMes. Petxham:— Since receiving yemr 0
j miserable existence and piling up still greater trouble by S w&K ICfeAJaSS£ l SSKS i
I trying to do the impossible and live it down. - done . m , 0 more ood than any medlcm « J havo S
I - cT i v «. .., '' , C^r^v;! WJ^rsT'2 ever taken. My menses are all right now and U
¦ OUrely, every Woman WOO Suffers With her back Wants f MAGGIc POLLARD | appear once a month , and I feel so much stronger. M
! to be well. Why not get Mrs. Pinkham's advice ? You maggie pollard, 8 » ™?) SS I
I can secure it free by writing a letter to her at Lynn, Mass. "De AB Mrs . Pi^kham :-i have been using Lydia a Pinkham-. g
I It is the Surest and easiest Way to get relief from the Vegetable Compound for backache. The pain was something dreadful; |
R j •• . . , j ' ¦.' , - ., - .. . at times I could not walk straight.- Now I am all right and enjoy cood f
I 9 demoralizing ache, and alSO get rid Of the SenOUS trouble nealth. I feel like a new woman. You do not know how thankful I am |
h which rnntsfaa if that l have K ot mv health back, and I have yon to thank for it. Your I
| wmon causes It. . medicine is the best that I ever used. I advise aU ladies to try it, and I I
I You will not be the first woman Mrs. Pinkham has am 8ure ix> wiU ive un^>unded satisfaction. I will recommend it to r
I u i j i.i. i,« j -.x, o xiujuiamuda every friend I have."— MRa M. R MULLEE, 1A Concord Sauare
I helped ; there are thousands and thousands of them. Over- Boston, Mass. « w BCWQ oquara, j
E come your hesitation. Sit right down to-day and write Her " Dear Mr3 - Petkham:— I have been taking your Vegetable Ctom- I
; about it. While you are waiting for a reply, getabottle f"" "*" "" T* '" m ° tha f ' f " f ," gl [ x ™!l^! I
I ' of her medicine, and be sure you do not permit the druesrist £M$*$&SS*&*\ two years with falling of the womb, and inflam- I
t a • i i. i. i i.t- , ¦" 1C UA u6b 1D " rffli'^Sy^^^.AA mation of the ovaries and bladder causinsr severe
| to induce you to take something else on which he wants §Pi&§iP^PS backache. I was bloated very badly VyiSt
I to make a larger profit The medicine that cures these W^jM ?%^^A^& B &ff£i?£t
0 troubles Of WOmen iS ' . llni^' straighten up or walk across the room, and such
1 ' ' ' - » *» shooting pains would go through me that I I
1 m'- mm ' : 'mm*> mmm'^m-m-'' ' «> thought I could not stand it. My mother got me
I B-WEfiBS Em P!nt*foSmBWm*€* \ <^ P to Sii ft r i e ? et * bl « Compound and told me fc
I . IbmWIUiBMM. Bmam * BM BlHLM M&tH MB S \ "~ A x to <>k e« bottles, and now, thanks to £
| • y° ur wonderful medicine, I am a well woman. I I
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
. | S AL l OTHER
J^QV I SUBSTITUTES
&cS^»i t | FOR* LARD OR
<J^R)\ftj! BUTTER FOR
'$&££&&i ; i COOKING
pKg?yp»* HAVE FAILED I
?JpM^ i '' BECAUSE OF [
illM^^i ' ! i T H E ODOR
i^^f^y^ ' AND TASTE
r^fc2^3 GIVEN THE !
iftgsfi WH°,C O H D THE?
are used<
I vfc*J* » Tfl T^ ft I »^l HLkhi '
1 KK-'PZ b /d By WQk 1^» a. W A vK. Krjf / /
B e*n b* <ue< over ±f*'.n «r.l «r«r «ir*!n nnf.1 th« at
H Utt drop hM 4m* lU •ppctlzinf work. II rmulm ¦
M nrect. pur* and <:«n W the lut »nd doei tot ex- D
H chan(« the £»rer ct the rarioo* food* cooked la It H
Dr. and Mrs. TRAVERSE,
. DERMATOLOGISTS.
Perrr.sxentlr remove superfluous hair and other
ladai blemishes with the. electric needle -wltb-
' out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
• *lectrlc roller. Skin diseases cured. Free -de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald beada. I Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment- Bonohoe bid?., 1170 Market Bt..
- cor. Taylor, room* 28-2S, S. F. '¦ Brahman ToHet
Cream. SOc; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
irusTins. Large stock always at J. 3. Fotu'
l>rcg Co. i
-The line of demarcation between right
and wronpr la so very Indistinct that most
of .us ran't see It.
y<^> OLDEN GATE CHAPTER of
A \/\ lh6 Order of . Eastern Star
fl r""\l at lts meeting last Thursday
V V^l V night bad a pleasant business
\^~y meeting which was attended
by a goodly number of the
members. Alter the clcse of
the chapter all retired to the social hall,
where two hours were epent in so
cial enjoyment. A feature of the pro
pramrae for the social hour was a guess
ing contest. Past Grand Patron George
L. Darling:, a* chairman of the committee
of arrangements, inaugurated a guessing
contest. Ten of those present were each
given the name of an animal and in turn
toJd to draw a grotesque figure of the
came, the others in the rooms to guess
what it was. those making the greatest
r.uxaber cf correct guesses to be awarded
a prize. The drawings would have set a
caricature artist wild with envy, but the
guesses were wilder than the drawings.
The committee decided that prizes had
been fairly won by Mrs. Ada Roxy Dun
can. Miss Long. Florin L. Jones and Mr.
Thomas, a visitor from Milwaukee. Wis.
This event was followed by a collation
end car.cir.r. . ;
Shortly after the news of the Galveston
dleatter was flashed all over the world
there came an appeal to the chapters of
the Order of the Eastern Star for mate
rial aid for thoee members of the order
in that place who were victims of the
terrible disaster. The chapters in the va
rious State* contributed to a general fun-i
for th« relleX of the Eastern Star people.
Pa»t Grand Patron Darling has received
a letter from Galveston calling his atten
tion t© the fact that California heads the
list of contributions. The amount was
S1S7E; then cume Iowa with 5S12, and next
Texas with $£15.
Ivy Chapter has a large number of can
£dates on its list and it is expected that
at the meeting on the 26th Ir.st. there will
be at least tu.i<*en -to learn the mysteries
cf the order. On the right of the Sth of
April this chapter will have a grand fancy
Cresa bill.
On the ni^ht of the 1st inst.. after the
The Fraternities
close of business in Martha Washington
Chapter of Visalla. there was an enter
tainment for the members and visitors
In the cozy chapter room, the principal
feature of which was an Interesting ana
entertaining talk on her recent travels
through Eunny Italy by Mrs. Anna Mills
Johnston, a well-known lecturer. Among
the prominent visitors were Past Grand
Matron Mrs. Ella Tyler Hall of Tulare
Chapter, Tulare; Past Patron George Gor
don Murry of Palm Leaf Chapter, Porter
ville. and Miss Margaret Ella Bradley,
past matron of Golden Gate Chapter of
San Francisco, known in O. E. S. circles
as the "Young Lady Eloquent." This
chapter is doing well under the leadership
of Mrs Ellwood Oliver Larklns, who Is
meeting with great success.
The prand patron instituted a new chap
ter at Sacramento last week.
King Solomon Chapter had a pleasant
! meeting last Wednesday night, there be
' inj? many members of the order present.
After meeting a collation was served. .
Berkeley Chanter at its last held meet
ing initiated three candidates. There were
many visitors from this city present.
California Chapter at its last held meet
ing received as members by initiation
Samuel M. Shortridge of Excelsior Lodge
and Harry Thomas of McKinley Lodge of
Pennsylvania. The Initiatory work was
as usual perfect and highly commended.
At the close of business there were ad
dresses by the Initiates, Worthy Patron
John Tonningsen and several others, after
which there was-dancing until a late hour.
Odd Fellows.
The first social given under the patron
age of the new officers of Fidelity Lodge,
I. O. O. F.. on last Monday was a srreat
success. There was a large attendance
of members and their friends, who were
welcomed by Noble Grand \V. E. Weich
hart. and under the direction of the com
mittee of entertainment, consisting of
Henry Osthoff. C. F. Phillips and G. R.
Meyerderks, there was offered a pro
gramme that had for features: Overture
by Mr.- and Mrs. Spink; German special
ties, Harry NIeman; comicalities, J.Frank
Bell; stories, M. Driscoll; recitation,
Henry Osthoff, and song and dance Lit
tle Dorris, accompanied by Miss de An-
selia. After the entertalnmtnt thert was
a programme of dancing that kept those
who love to .trip together until after mid
night. - • - - ¦'. i
Canton San Francisco No. 5, Patriarchs
Militant, will. celebrate the anniversary of
the founding of Odd Fellowship by an out
ing to Nilea Canycnon April 26.
Canton San Francisco No. 5.' at its meet
ing last "Wednesday night, added three to
its membership and it received the peti
tions of four who desire to be Patriarchs
Militant. •..
The new encampment to be Instituted at
Xiles on the 16th inst. will start with
about seventy names on* the roll of mem
bership, an unusually large number. A
number of grand officers will be on hand.
The special committee appointed to visit
proposed sites for a new Home for Aged
Odd Fellows started last Thursday on a
tour of visitation. The committee, con
sisting of Messrs. Kellogg, Mitchell,
Thompson, Stockwell and Drew, visited
Peralta Park, Pleasanton, Niles, Decoto,
Los Gatos and San Jose. Last night they
were guests at a banquet given in their
honor in San Jose.
The Veteran Odd Felloes will visit Sar
gent Lodse on the 22d inst.
Unity Lodge will celebrate its thirty
fourth anniversary by an entertainment j
and dance in Mission Parlor Hall on the
night of April 1C. ;
Placerville Encampment has sixteen ap- !
plications for membershin. j
Mark Asher, an old-time Odd Fellow, i
who resided for a time in the early days i
In Iowa Hill. Placer County, joined Olive j
Ledge at Dutch Flat and subsequently be- i
come a resident of Lake County, died on j
the 4th inst. His funeral took place yes
terday from the Odd Fellows' building un- ;
der the auspices of the Veterans' Asso- i
elation, of which he was a member. J
Among the floral offerings was a magnifl
cent piece sent by Queen cf the Lake Re
bekah Lodge of Lake .County.
Tlie Kebekahs.
The masquerade ball that was given last |
Wednesday night byOriental X,odge of the ;
Rebekahs was attended by as many ladies (
and gentlemen as could crowd into the j
Banquet Hall of the Odd Fellows' build- j
ing, and it proved to be a most enjoyable j
affair. There were mapy in rich costumes I
and not a few were j decidedly original,
one in particular, "the girl," her I
costume being made entirely of street
car transfers sewed together. The grand
march was a brilliant spectacle and > a 5 s for
dancing there was no lack of that. The
prize for the best dressed lady went to
Miss Christine Power and for the best
dressed gentleman to A. Voligryn. The
best sustained male character was aclown
by \V. G. Hinton and the best sustained
female character, the apple woman, by i
Mrs. Hinton. The most original char- i
acter was "Topsy with a baby," personat- :
ed by Mrs. Lena Jarvis, "the life of the •
Oriental," and she earned the handsome !
prize that was awarded to her. . During i
the evening icecream was served. The !
affair was under the supervision of Mat- j
tie Webb. N. G.: Mrs. Beckley, V. G.; I
Lena Jarvis, P. G..; Mrs. Stlckney, Mrs. ',
Spottiswood and Messrs. Dupea and An- !
derson. This lodge will initiate several ¦
candidates at Its next meeting Wednes- |
day. ;
Mission Rebekah Lodge will have an i
open meeting on the night of the ICth insl. '
In Kxcelsior Hall and on the night of the !
30th inst. there will be a masquerade
party by this lodge. I
The entertainment that Is to be given In
Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the 22d
will be by the lodges of this district, as
sisted by District Deputy Mrs. E. M.
Cyrus and her staff of officers. It Is to
be in aid of the Orphans' Home at GUroy.
and being for a good cause, will no doubt
attract an audience, that will crowd the
hall to its limit.
In Groves of Druids.
J. "W. Kldd of HesDerlan Grove Is the
prsldent and L. "A. "Wolff 'of Laurel Grove
secretary of the committee of the local
groves that Is making arrangements for
the entertainment of the officers of ani
representatives to the Grand Grove.
Galileo-Galilei Grove on the 5th inst.
conferred the second decree in the ampli
fied form in a manner that sustains the
reputation of this grove - for excellent
work. This grove also heldjnemorial ser
vices for the deceased for the past year.
All the members stood while the roll of
the departed was read and there were eu
logistic remarks concerning those mournei
for.
The Past Arches' Association had a
large attendance at Its last held meetlnsr
and five eliglbles were elected to member
ship. The association adopted a degree
which hereafter will be conferred on the
candidates. The secret work was exem
plified by Supreme Herald and Represen
tative James F. Martinoni and Supremo
Representative Goetz. The association
will visit Aurora Grove on the 12th inst.
and Golden Star Grove on the 29th.
Sacramento Grove in the past sixty dayn
has initiated fourteen strangers and still
has eight to admit bv initiation.
Grand Secretary Graves recently visited
the groves in Salinas, San Luis Oblspo
and Cayucos and at each place found the
membership in good condition. At the lat
ter place there was in addition to the
work a banauet, at which there were
present the lady relatives of members. A
ball followed the supper. The most popu
lar toast of the evening was "Our Su
preme Herald. James F. Martlnont,"
which brought the entire assemblage to
Its feet, and three cheers were given for
the friend of Cayucos Grove and all the
Druids. '
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lanpe, in com
pany with Grand Secretary Graves, Tisir
ed the groves in Los Angeles during the
latter part of February They found Mor
ton Grove, which works in the Frencn
language, in good condition financially and
otherwise. They witnessed the conferring
of the degrees in French. They next v.it
nessed the work in German by Los An
geles Grove, which initiated a candidate.
After that they visited Magnolia, Los Ar
geles, Mazzinl and Orange groves. Thero
was work in each and the interest that
was manifested speaks well for the order
in that city. On the nfght of the 27th of
February there was a grand banqupt
given jointly by the six groves. More than
300 sat at the tables and there was a glori
ous time. There were addresses by tha
visiting grand officers, by members of the
local press and music and songs. The of
ficers were received with a genuine Dru
idle welcome. The grand officers are en
thusiastic over this ti.'p. The grand bfll
cers on last Saturdav started on a tow
of visits in the San Toaquin Valley.
Merced Grove, is doing well since. L»
Nozllglia took the office of noble arch for
the second term. During the present term
he has already initiated ten candidates.
He expects to have as many more in the
next two months. *
Mrs. A. Thornhill, G. A. D., paid her
first official visit to a circle. It was to
Broadlcea No. 3, on the last Saturday in
February. She was accompanied by a
large number of grand officers and mem
bers of the circles. Last week she visit
ed the circle in Pctaluma and was accom
panied by Grand Secretary Bessie Kabbrl.
Grand Conductress Virginia CervaHJ,
Grand Trustee Mrs. J. A. Godeau and
Mrs. Hayden. A. D.. of El Doradd Cir
cle They were well received and at the
hall witnessed the Initiation of thrci*
strangers by the officers, who were all at
tired in new robes and presented a pret
tv sight All the officers were thoroughly
proficient. After the ceremonies there was
a ball and a banauet. About a hundred
were present at the festivities.
El Dorado Circle Initiated three'strang
ers at the last held meeting. In the ab
sence of the arch druidess First Bard
Kate Martinoni officiated in a very cred
itable manner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH- 1O, 1901.
27
AMUSSMEyTS.
RACING! RACING ! RACING !
1S0C-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, v
IUcing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, ihur*-
Say, Friday and Saturday, liain or •biao. .<
* Five or more races- each day. • w>-,
Races rtart at 2:15 p. in. nharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco fit 12 m. an*
12:30, 1,- 1:80, 2. ?:S0 and 3 p. m.. conn.-ctlng
with trains stopping at tlie entrance to in?
track. I«a?t two euro on train ieser\«l fur
ladies and their escorts; no smoktnn. Buy yvur
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. - All trains, via
Oakland mole conneot with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh. and Uroadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alaweilu me 1* con-
nect with Han Pablfi avenue cars at Fourteent 1 ]
«nd Broadway, Oakland. These electric cir»
gn direct to the tr»ck;in fifteen minutes. ' , .-'
ReturninK — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and,
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS JR.. President, v
It. B. MILROT. Secretary.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
.:;:/' Js. MATINEE TO-DAT.
Immense Success of the Gorgeously Beautiful
Spectacle,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
Week Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING.
Second and Last of
"AROUND THcWOnLD IN EIGHTY DAYS."
PRICES. • 10c, 15c, 2Sc and 50e
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c Good
Reserved Seats In Orchestra at all Matinees,,
25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRiCH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L. GRAFF, -~ -
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
COMMENCING MONDAY EVE'G, MARCH 18.
.Two weeks, with performances on Monday
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons. Six complete performances' of Grand
Italian Opera. Among the artists being SlRnors
de Lara. Bensuade, Hoes!, Dado, Galazzi, Van-
nl. Daublgi)«\ Mme. Mattfleld and Mme. SEM-
BRICH, together with complete Chorus and
GRAND ORCHESTRA, under direction of SiK.
Bevlgnani. - . - -
REPERTOIRE FIRST WEEK.
Monday Evening.- "The Barber of Seville."
Wednesday Evening, "La Travlata."
Saturday Matinee. "Faust."
Repertoire Second Week — "Don Pasquale,"
"Lucia," "Pagliacci" "Rlgoletto," etc.
MADAME SEMB-ICH WILL SI.\C AT
EVERY PERFORMANCE.
NO REPETITIONS.
SINGLE SEAT SALE COMMENCES/ WED-
NESDAY MORNING AT BOX OFFICE.
PRICES — Orchestra. $5 and $3: Dress Circle.
$5 and $3; Family Circle, |2 and %\ 00; Gal-
lery, not reserved. $1.^
¦ AoDlteatlon* ' for boxes should b« naih at
once to MR, ALFRED BOU VIKR. j Grand
Opera House.
SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO. 'S HALL.
TUfe^DAT AND SATURDAT AFTERNOONS,
-. •-¦- March 12 and 16, at 3:15.
AND THURSDAY NIGHT, MARCH 14.
MME. TERESA
"The Word's Ereatsst PfAHIST.
" Rcwrved Seats, $2.03.: $1150 and. $1.0.'
On Salo at Sherman... Clay &: % co.'s.
•FT^fJHFR'S concert house.
V'Fiecturs Tyrolean Troupe, Egry, Irene Kober,
George Sinters. ," Trlxsda, ,the Lsons, Chester,
Matt K^efe and Hlnrlchs 1 Orchestra/ Reserved
Scuts, 2iC Matinee Sunday. ' v
BElASCOAioTHJlLESjfefftg.
JfiM j^i^ K&k. R fl id ffvii Is 4 ST.
Phon» South 633- —
MATINEE TO-DAT. PRICES— 10c. 15c. He.
TO-NIGHT (Sunday)— Last Performance— THE
BLACK F*L/\G.
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
A Big Scenic Production.
Startling Mechanical Effects.
DDIfpC I Evenings.. ....lOc. 15c. S»c, 5Oc
IIUVLJ | Matinees lOe. 15c. 25o
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAT) EVE-
NING,
Superb production the patriotic drama,
"CAPTM IMPUDENCE,"
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1846,
During the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troops.
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL THEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1931
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. .WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OP ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN' THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S.RIODEJANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of the
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO-
CIATION No. 25.
Tickets - - One Dollar,
MATINEE TO DAY, iuNDAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
"COU IS T* f=_SS CUCK I."
TQ. ' . Ausustln Daly's Best Comedy,
MORROW. .THE
MONDAY f .- TC ,p
.™ . LAST ¦
wbk" WORD,.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT. .
EXCURSION
TO BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN,
LAST v CHANGE TO ; VISIT i IS ; ; TO-DAY
IN PETERSON'S LAUNCHES. .
FROM FOLSOM-ST. WHARF. ONLY
Al'rj* vnAIJI I Corner ¦ Fourth ana
I.Ilr I* HI if ill ou" k SDecfal F Bre^.
Teachers, Pupils, Mechanics,
Business Men, Professional
Men— in fact people in every
walk of life are interested in
an up-to-date atlas & world.
The events of the last few years have
created a demand for geographical informa-
tion. CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS con-
tains the best and latest official data ever of-
fered to the American people, not only geo-
graphical but historical, political and statis-
tical, making it the most useful reference
work that a library can contain.
Readers of The Call may secure this splen-
did work for $1.50, or about one-fifth of
the regular subscription price. If you are not
a reader of The Call it will pay you to sub*
scribe at once in order to take advantage of
this golden opportunity.
'CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS cannot
be secured from any other source on this
coast, as The Call has the exclusive right to
handle it on the Pacific Coast.
CRAM'S ATLAS will contain Govern-
ment census, brought down and corrected to
March 4, 1901.
Latest and best maps of nearly fifty of
the most important cities in the United
States' and Canada.
Separate maps of every State and Terri-
tory in the Union.
Maps of Canada, Mexico,
Central America, Europe,
Asia, Africa, Australia-
In fact of every point on the globe, also
special maps of Alaska, the Philippines,
Porto Rico, Hawaiian Islands and many
others not found in any other atlas-
Reliable Statistical Information.
History and Platforms of Political Parties.
Constitution of "the United States.
Chronological History of the World's Doings
Corrected to March 4, 190L
Information, of almost any kind that read-
ers may reasonably expect will be found in
this exceptionally fine book of reference.
This Atlas will be bound -in half Russia
and English silk cloth, printed on fine Atlas
paper, manufactured expressly for this edi-
tion. The greatest care will be exercised in
the binding, presswork, and in every part, to
make this book satisfactory to those who
are fortunate enough to obtain a copy of this
Atlas at the ridiculously low price of $1.50.
Sample copies of this Atlas can be seen at
this office, and we respectfully invite your
inspection.
For further information write the Atlas
Department. San Francisco Call, or see any
Call agent or Postmaster on the Pacific
Coast.
*¦*! I V3J L»i^
EVENINGS at 8 SAT.'MAT'.NEE at 2 P.M.
MONDAY, March 11,
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK
Of Victor Herbert 1 * and Harry B. Bmlth'i
Great Comic Opera. S •
jk>. A Musical !
A Gem
gi;|pi||eiy
<^** Minute.
Full ot
. Comedy.
upiiD "StarHEht." "What. Is lam."
lltlr\Iv "The Matin Serenade." th«
Splendid Ensembles and Finales.
opp The Fire Dance, the Royal Procei-
v5I— L Bion. the Pyramid Scene.
MONDAY EVENIKO, MAKCH M.
THE WEDDING DAY
TVlth FERRIS HARTMAN and
"HOOT MON" W'HEELAN In th» Cast
i POPULAR PRICES IS and BOo
j Telephone Bush 9.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
And Every Day and Evening This Week.
Performance* 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally.
Lest Performances Next Sunday.
NORRIS and ROWS
mmmBIGmmm
Trained Animal
SHOWS.
Tou will enjoy this entertainment, we believe.
We are astonishing and- delighting thou-
' sands at every performance.
300 Performing Aifmals— 300
TRAINED ELEPHANTS. ZEBRAS. PONIES.
DOGS, MONKETS. GOATS. ANT BAT-
! ERS. SEA LIONS. ZEBUS AND PIGS.
EVERT ACT AND FEATURE NEW THIS
TEAR.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
Last Performances Next Sunday.
PRICES— Adults, 25c: Children. 10c. -
' UNION COURSING PARK
d"HN TRACE, Judge.
J.'.S. F. GRACE, Slipper, .
...ro-D/ir...
\ Sunday - ----- March 10
' CHAMPIONS
1 : , —IN AN—
: OPEN 5FAKE!
SIOOO S $1000
9
j TRAIN SERVICE.
• .Leaver -Third and Towneend street* at 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-'
; til th and ' Valencia streets flv« minutes later.'
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San - Mateo , electric cars every six
• minutes.
ADMISSION 25c LADIES FREE.
lilfECTANFORAN
, KALE>_ park.
I THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March 11 to -is, six hrgh-clara races
each day. Tuesday, tteeplechase; Thursday,
high-weight handicap.
? Saturday, GREAT ' CALIFORXIA DERBT.
$5000 added.
r- ... First race daily at 2:10 p. .m. Trains from
Third and Town.«end, 7, 10:40. 11:30 a. n\- 12M0,
m I, ; r.30, 2 p." m. Returning leave track 4:15 and
— thereafter at' »hort' intervals. - Rear cars re-
' 'nerved for ladles and " eacorts. — . '_ .:¦-.. ~"
" CyWeek^of March IS SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
'• ADMISSION, INCLUDING R." R. FARE. II K."
• MILTOST S. LATHAM, Secretary.
tt "-E.J. POWER, Racing ' Secretary. "^ ¦
¦^ _ ._' rv^_-_J _ _ ADVEBTISEKENTS. ¦_ -_-_:_ _
•¦H"H"H"H-ri I III II i: 1 1 ""I I.M.....M.H". 1 1111 H-Wl 1 1 M"H^±±»
|CITYi#Bi PARIS \
» Dry Goods "^lljllltp Company. I
j COLORED DRESS GOODS |
:: NEW GOODS $
::. JU&T OF*ENED! ::
% SILK STRiPE WAIST MATERIALS, "7 C r VrirH X
J all colors, 28 inch, a decided novelty / Jv 1 Ul U ~.
\i ALL-WOOL FANCY AND PLAIN CA r V^li-H »
I CHALLIES at...... D\JC I aiQ t
i IMPORTED SILK STRIPE FANCY ff 1.00- V pi i-*H i
4 CHALLIES at...... 4>i— ICilU
:| WOOL CREPE DE CHINE, 44 inch, Q\Z r V^rH ?
|| leading shades.... OJO I U 1 U 4.
>± VIGOUREUX SUITINGS, all colors, CM .00 VnvA I
I 50inch,at... ..31— lOlQ I
t SAXAULA CHEVIOT, all colors, 56 AT- *> 00 Vn^ t
|| inch, at - 3^-— I-.Cl I U I
|| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, f
1 4- £E« Corner Geary and Stockton Strests, San Fransisoo. • -
I? UNION SQUARE.
•J- Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. ••
£ .H-iMJ.fr.M- 1 IM11M M"'l I I I I :M I I I-M-M"I-l-M-i"I"I"K"I"M"I"I"H"H-5
— ¦ : ; — ¦ •
AMTTSEMENTS. *
COLUMBIA. tP^^ii^i'
I -olF^ w Monday,March 11
'; EVERT NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY-ONLY KATINEE BATUHDIT.
¦iri «J ; £• :;
j V Jf . _| DISTINCT ATTRACTIONS. FORM- j . v_Jm
: g^d"* \ ING A SUPEHB COMBINATION. \
I ; n ni m m.^j mmm , mm ,"de KOYEN and SMITH'S
i| F1 THTs T iTrV IIN Greatest Romantic Comic
Opera in Three. Acts, •¦
By Arransemcnt with ANDREW A. McCORMICK, Esq.. ™~^^"^^™""™^^^^
In Conjunction with which will appear FYPFJ I FHT - PA^T
LSn I H Tho Wor!d * s Miss Fatmil1 Daird
&*% 1 I § U i_ GREATEST Mr. S. H Fords
¦ B Baa M0 ¦ ¦¦ ¦' 6ENSAT10NAL Miss Helen R&ias'.ey
F 1 nnn B' Ban DANCER. Mr. W. H. Thompson
n I H H jT Bl The Op '* lnal Creator Mr. H. W. TreDenick
ill I I 8 111 Danclt' i<ihtaildC0l0r Ki3sAddi3 Sharp
1 o 11 P |f - the tempest dance- Mr. John Besdj
I / N6W L T63 lOIIS — the archangel dakce. Kiss Bonnia May
I [5™^ f SRn^^SId X w 1 j A ?^? 5 A DR^ SS MhBCatherineOampbeU
'¦ The L*nr<»st Dress in the W'orld-Requir- 1000 YARDS MlSS HelflnB CftrT
Ing 20 square feet stage room for manlpu- IvV/V/.lwm'J —
biases at 11 P. m. Price, 25c to gl.50 = EFFICIENT GHOF.US.
Phone— Main 1731.
st^7tT c THIS" EVENING.
ALL THIS WEEK— MAT. SATURDAY ON1.T.
«*rM YOUR BOSS— YES!"
The N'ew York Castno'a Worthiest Musical
Success,
The
Telephone
fl ~\y I I fi y MORTON aod
BIO CAST OF 40 CX-BTVER COM-EDIAJTS.
Including
HARRY HERMSEN, MABEL HITE, DOUG-
LAS AND FORD. FLORA PARKER.
FRANK KELLY. CHAPPELLJ: SISTERS.
CHARLES BURROWS. LOUISE LEWIS.
EDUARD LEHAT. JOHN J. MAGES.
JEANNE BERNARD, BERT DE RUELLS.
Evening— 23c. 33c. 50c. 73c. fL
Matinee— tic. Me, 73c.
Pbone South 779.
Z\X tiat MATINEiTuNDAY, TO-DAY,
ALL THIS WEEK— TO-NIGHT.
The JOSEPH MULLER COMPANY
Present
THE ROMANTIC COMEDY DRAMA.
UNDER hn
SEALED SK"
ORDERSfcL
BY JA8. W. HAWKINS JR.
? POWERFUL AND INSTRCCTTVB BTORT
OF LOVE, MYSTERY AND AD-
VENTURE.
Dramatized From RUDTARD KIPLXN'OS
NOVEU
PRICES-
ISC, 25c, 35c and 50c.
NEXT— StrXDAY AFTERNOON, MARCH tt.
Ths Bis New York Sensation,
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY."
OLYMriA &SU3S.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLB HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
HAWAIIAN "QUARTETTE.
Th* moat popular musical 0rx3.nlza.tl0n *ver
brought to San Francisoo.
CARROLL,
THB JUOOLER.
QUERITA VINCENT
MABEL HUDSON,
BIRDIE BRIGHTONING,
The World-Reno-wned Banjo Soloists.
AND OUR CELEBRATED VAUDEVILLB
STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Us KELCEY SISTERS,
Direct from tho Orpheum.
BOSCO AND SIMS, JACK 87-
MONDS, JONES. AND LOGAN,
RAiy HOLDSWORTH, LITTLE
IBENB K0BEE> NEW. MO VINO
PICTURES.
NEXT THURSDAY ftlGHT,
THE AMATEURS
In a NEW NOVELTY.
Telepton* for Ses.t»— Parit 73.
CHANHIN6 AUXILIARY ART LECTUREsT
MR. WILBUR A. REASER,
• FIRST VJflTARTAS CHURCH."
Corner Geary and Franklin Sts..
THURSDAY AFTERNOONS. S:30 o'clock.
FIRST LECTURE. MARCH 14.
Subject— "ART AND SOCIALISM— RUSKIN.
MORRIS AND TOLSTOI. Their Msssaxe to
the Century." ¦ i • - '
Course ticket (coupon) for the six lectures,
C; fctnglc adml»slon. tOc. '
Q A j i pr These hotels po»-
\ f\ L A U L S€ss l^ e attribtrt"
, that tourists and
Onfl travelers appreciate
""** —central location,
RDAMfl Iib * ral naaage-
UllHIlU ment, modern ap-
IfrtTri 0 pointments and
HUltLd, yjl^gS
Salt FranClSCO. , ropean plans.
I KERN PER OIL LANDS
ProTcn. territory, en Una of railroad, tor
tm\9. Splendid ch»nc» for tho» about to
form an oil ccrapany. NEWTON. CAR*
MEN * SOMES (3. C. MASON, as tat).
1C1 Chronic!* bidr.. San Frmncitca
-,H c'i'LF » v i£- iT.; ¦ "¦ 'AMUSEMENTS. V-^ *i""^ :
"Week Comm»ndnE ** TO-DAT. SUNDAY. Matinee March 10. '
¦¦VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST!.
BUNTH and RUDD COMPANY
European celebrities who, assisted by a canine kleptomaniac, constitute the most Important
i Importation o t the season. ?;'. - .
MR. and MRS. MARK MURPHY
Present Ins an Irish character sketch. "THE SEVENTH SON."
BEATRICE MORELAND and COMPANY
In Michael Morton's "Tamlnr a Husband."
~LES TROIS FRERES MAGAGNO
Direct from Paris with a novel comedy acrobatic act. t
WILSON AND WARING I KATHR1NE BLOODGOOD
In an ur>-to-date comedy sketch. I Entire chance of repertoire.
JOHNNYJOHNS P A P I NT A' TH ,f, BIOGRAPH
- The Que*n of all Myriad Dancers. — — —^—^— —^— —
Parquet Kc. any seat; Balcony 10c; Children 10c. any part except reserved. A few Front
Orchestra Row3. reserved. EOc: Fr«nt Rows of Balcony, reserved. 23c.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
28
SA%* FUAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca'.l. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £~ Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
8<X) Harp* street; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
€23 McAllister etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
eiS Lerkin Btreet; open until 9:S0 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 v. m.
£261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
IPS Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
3036 Valencia Ftreet; open until 8 p/ m.
I>«'orth»eFt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
enenca s EK^_£H?i
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
ets.— The liev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.U..
rector. Holy communion S a. m. and 11 a.
m. ; morning service, 11 o'clock; evening
prayer. 4 o'clock: Friday service at 11 a. m.
for army end navy: l^enten services at 4
p. m. every day. The rector will preach.
AT Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
Fion n., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S. D.
Hutslnpiller will j reach at 11 o'clock on the
topic. "Some Oood Works and Their Mem-
orable I.ifluenofS." and at 7:30 with worship,
the Rev. I>r. Homer C. StuMz will preach.
Oood music, free seats and welcome for the
people.
FIRST Congregational Church. corner Post
and Maiion tas. — Rev. George C. Adams.
D D pastor, will preach at both services.
At U a. re.., theme, "The Fruit of the
Righteous." At 7.30 p. m. a memorial serv-
ice for Frank 13. Coleman, late of the Thirty-
elxth Cnitod States Volunteers : appropriate j
music by th* choir, and fcmion by the pas- \
tor- theme, "The Christian Soldier." Ail are
cordially invited. j
CALVARY rr«sb>terian Churcl;. at Y. M. C. J
A building. Mason and Ellis sts.— Rev. John j
Hemphlll, U.O.. pastor, will preach at 11 a. '
m. and 7:30 p. m. jiypie, evening, "Lost (
Lives." Younj; men especially invited. Sab- j
bath school and Mr. Johnston's Rible class ;
at 11:30. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:3d j
p.. m. On Wednesday t-venirg there will be j
b. tnaes meeting of all Presbyterians of the'i
city In the Auditorium. Address by Rev. j
Ar.hur Drown. D.D., secretary of the Hoard j
of Foreign Missions. No reserved teats. |
Come early. j
6ECOND Unitarian Church, corper Capp and J
Twentieth sts.— Kev. K. F. Dinsmore, min- |
lster. residence S25 Cajp St.: Sunday school;
at 8:45 a. m.; morning theme. "The Ob- j
eerr ance of Lent"; at 7:45 p. m.. Henry N.
Cienvnt Esq. will sp^ak on "The Work of
the Ideal Church." Free seats and a wel- i
come for all. j
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central i
block. 223 Sutter ft., between Kearny et. anil ]
Grant ave. — Christian Science X3!ble lesson at '¦
11 a. — .. ; tubject, "Substance." Sunday
Kbwl for children at the same hour, j
Wednesday evening meetings at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 20C Kearny et., room 510.
All are welcome.
CHURCH of Jeeus Christ of Latter Day Saints i
— Services every Sunday. Sunday school 10 •
a m : preaching 11 a- m. and 7:45' p. m. in i
K. of P. Hall. 90S Market St. Elder W. W. j
Ercanbrack from San Jose will be the speak- i
er in the evening. All welcome. No col- j
lection. •
MENTAL Science lecture, free, by Professor j
Knox. Subject, "How to Overcome Death i
and Live Here Forever in Health. Happi- \
ness and Youthful noauty." Golden Gate !
Hall. S p. m., Sunday. March 19. This will i
be the irreatest lecture «-ver delivered in the |
city. Clara Foltz will preside. Regular i
Temple meeting II a. m. Professor Knox ;
will lectuiy. Come early and get a seat.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis '•
*=ts. — Mass meotinp t.>-<!ay at 3 o'clock. A4- !
dress by Rev. Herbert F. Bripes on "The i
Higher Life." Music by the Oakland Qaar- j
tet. Seats free ar.d all young men Invited. •
THE Theosophlcal Society to-r.lg-ht at S o'clock i
in Metropolitan Temple — Colonel H. S. Ol- I
oott. president, founder of the Theosophlcal ;
Foclety, will lecture. Subject. "The Divine
Ijrt of Healing." Admission free. Reserved i
seats 25c. !
MEETIXGS— ¦SCXPAV. j
AA-rn. J. PEPntV KnnGAN lectures this ¦
evening on "Anclo-Israel. or What Became of ,
the Lost Tribe of Israel." at Crystal Hall. ¦
Pythian Castle, 909 Market et., followed by I
magnificent views in England. Free tickets ;
will be distributed toy X-ray exhibition in
Sanitarium next Tuesday evening. Seats free, j
THE FOSTERS. 305 Lerkin. cor. McAllister, i
Occidental Hall— Sunday, March 10. at 3 and j
f p. tn., test?, materialization, slate writing, j
music.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY: test meeting; <jues- '
tlons answered: messages; sittings daily, $L j
11C4 O'Farrell St.. Eilis-st. car; admission 10c. j
A— DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. 959 Market— j
11. free; 2-S, 10c; 6 g.wd m-'iiunis; all tests; i
all are welcome: free platform. * !
ARNOLD DICKsON— To-night, spirit tests. 10c;
m.-uerializine seance Tuesday; readings daily.
14« Sixth st. j
MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE at Woodmen j
Hall. Oakland. bZl Twelfth st.. 8 p. m.. J5c; j
speaking-, tests: agnostics, skeptics invited. !
MRS. GILLINGHAM. MS Larkin: spiritual test !
meet, this eve.. £, 10c: sealed questions; read. I
daily except Wed. ana Sat.; hours 1 to a. j
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, Cfih McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics;
first developing circle Wed. eve., 25c.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing test to all cir- j
clets. 10c: Sunday, Tuesday; readljigs daily.
Z7S Ninth st. T
MENTAL science headquarters and free read-
ing room: consultation free. 14 McAllister
rt.. room 17. '
MRS. QERERHARDTS convincing tests to- i
night, 10c. ~D0 Twenty-second; skeptics in-
vlted.
CON-VIN'CIN^ test circle to-night, R o'clock, j
25c. JTRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gpte ave. '
~'. G. KEEGAN hoi<5« Bijiritual meeting every i
right except Sat., 10". 148 Sixth. 2d floor, j
ATTEND Mae. Marquls-e'u test circle to-night j
at *•; 10c: sittings dslly. 5 Hyae et.
KESTfXGf — Calm mal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society 1 non-political and unsectarian); to-
r.ight the Greek symposium, "A Promise,"
at Universal Brotherhood Hall, 310 O'Farrell
•t. ; musical selections : admission 25c; entire
proceeds used for humanitarian work.
SOCIALIST MEETINGS.
E^IajX^'t'MEETINGS— TO-NlGHxT?clock!
Academy of Sciences. Liberty branrh. S. D.
P. I>r. Fhultz on "A Revolution In Dis-
guise." Free.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
FI DELrTY Lodge~No. 222, T. O. O. '
F.— Initiation MONDAY, March _5^*2g_
VV. F.. 'WEICHHAnT, *. O. '^W$^ s '
C. L. ZIEGLEli. R. S.
SOOIETE Francalae «le Blenfalsance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The pre-
liminary annual meeting will be held SUN-
DAY. March 10. 1501, at 1:80 o'clock p. m., at
Native Botui' Hall. iU Mason et.
!C. B.— Only member* provided with tbelr
book in irood Ftandlnsr will be allowed to offer
any proposition or tajce part in rotes or de-
bate. • A. JACQL'EMART. Secretary.
acems wasted.
THE RIO MICHOL RtTBBErt COMPANY of
iiaa Fra»cieco, Cal., wants Intelligent men tJ
art as I*s agents throughout the United
Ftate*; must be men of character, address &
pueh. The company orm large properties, is
out of A' ". t & in a thoroughly sound A flour-
ishing condition. It has. a considerable acre-
epe already planted to rubber & has a large
force of men constantly at work. It offers for
fsl* a limited number of Interest bearing and
Installment certificates. A comparatively
email amount Invested now will produce large
end steadily increasing income in rear future.
The corporation invites cloeest investigation.
Agfnts and interested persons apply Itio Mi-
chol Robber Co.. r. CS-CS. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
SAVE time and money by ordering canvassing
outfits cr complete life of "Queen Victoria,"
any efltucn. or any of the new FUbscrlptlor.
books, from us: we have them all. J.
DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.. San Francisco.
O. C. C. DKPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removinc superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skir. ; personal demonstrations free; agenti
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. arcy., 428 Ellis.
MEN to work at home, full or epare time; no
fanvMtlns or Belling: addreened envelope for
sample and particulars. Novelty Mfg. Co.,
13*1 Hroadway. New York.
AGENTS— Do you want fomething more proflt-
cble and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ADVERTISING saiicitor*; salary and commis-
sion; call to-day St. m. to 8 p. m., 13T7 Mar-
ket st., room 2.
MEN & women n rents wanted to sell 4 per et.
bonds & securities; responsible people only.
Box 2CS7. Call office.
AGENTS for our "combined wrench. Jack and
oiler," three tools in one. FOOTE & CO.,
Los Angelee. Cal.
RESIDENT agents, with references, for coun-
try towns. F. It. GRAXNIS. 232 Montg.. S..F.
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. Call at room
101. 1>97 Market *t.. corner Birth.
WANTED — Acents in each city: rood money.
Picifv fra«t M. ft L. Cn.. 460 9th. OakUnd.
ASTROLOGY.
FORTUTXE by planets or palmistry; horoscope
complete. SOc and f 1. 10Q7w Market, room 12.
ATTORSEYS • AT LAW.
R. W. KING, 927 Market St., 6th flj>or. room €27
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 15S7.
ADVICE free; divorce law a Bpeclalty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 800 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
t&t€s ", tuixiixiCa opco €*vcn» OP — I *gl rro tt, blcls*
FRANK W. SMITH, mining an<1 probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3, 4th fir.; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. »2? Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emir. a Spreekels bids.. S27 Mar-
ket Ft. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
ASPHALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. llStf Mission: tel. Folsom 1G»7.
IIATH CABINETS.
B.'.TII CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara, Per-
fertlon and others. A~-ncv. 42fi Ellis St.. S. F
BOAItni.YG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
care of child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period; terms moderate: fine home and sunny'
yard; object, companion for our own child,
iH y?ars. Bnx (!14. ("all office.
niSI.VESS CHANCES.
AN unprecedented sacrifice: 75-room brick ho-
t*l and furniture; doing immense first-class
(J2 a day) busings: cost and worth $10,000;
offer-Hi fbr JIG.DOO; hat rented for *4C0; now
run by owner.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. C Geary fct.
J.vO-CANDY ftore and factory; bargain: leav-
ing city cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777H- Market St. .
j7oo"L(3nOCERY and bar near city; bargain.
IfcLAUGHLIN & CO., 777Vi Market et.
HOTEL, country. 40 rooms: rent $75: livery at-
tached- froo.i bus4ne*e; price $:{."00; easy terms.;
call early fcr. this bargain.
G. XV. BCHWEQfHARD.
Room I, 917 Market st., upp. Mason.
100 CIGAR ftand?. SCO groceries and bars.
3i\) eaxvly and Icecream stores. 500 restaurants.
MM stores of al! kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $!O up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st. _
Baft— FINE chop and lunch house. £16 Battery:
n.ust be soli quick. Apply DONALD Invest-
ment Co.. £30 Market st^
> GENTS wanted in ever}' city in the world to
handle Southwick's Patent Meter Check; only
article of its kind; no competition; large
profits- clear field; srr.ali capital to beg'n
with: send F.Oc fcr sample check. SOUTH-
WICK & SON, Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale— Flrst-class well paying saloon ' all
new stock and fixtures; located on transfer
corner; price J2EC0; splendid chance for live
man; no agents. Box IG47, Call office.
WILL sell half interest in a good carpenter
anJ store fitting business; well established
and paying. Apply at carpenter shop, Ell
Hush st", between 9 and 10 a. m.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery for gale; well fur-
nished: central location; growinsr business:
»>ri'-e $200; part cash; biggest snap yet. Box
:64*. Call.
A— $200: PARTNER wanted: llcht business;
must be satisfied with ?18 to iZ~> a week: no
ex]«>rier.ce required. 25 Geary St.. room 1.
2 ACTIVE young business men wish line of
gooes to handle in city on eomnrssion: hard-
ware preferred. E. C. H.. b?x 236S, Call.
FOR 110 I will teach men and women a pro-
fession that will fetch jhem from $5 to $20
a day. G. W. C. :SU Call office.
IN city,' near' Grant ave. > good payirg dress-
making business cheap. Address box 261S,
Call f.fHce.
HOTEL to lease — 21 rooms at San Rafael; new-
ly pairited; in first-class order. Owner, 11
Lyon st. '
PARTNER wanted In profitable established
country hotel: good town. Box 21V8, Ca!l.
$-,00 — PARTNKR wanted: good paying business;
willing to work and sober. Box 2637, Call.
RESTAURANT doing $16 a day business; stand
at $200 for 3 days. Box 2C71, Call office.
BAKERY for rent; oven complete; good busi-
ness. 3 "32 Shattuck ave.. North Berkeley.
PAIX>ON for sale; oM established corner; good
location. Address box 2633, Call office.
WANTED- Partner: paying candy store; lady
or ger.t. Address 941 Fclsom st.
FLANING-MILL in this city for BaJe. F.
GEIER. Market and Dolores sts. '
. ; , .
PARTNER wanted; can make $100 mo.; no
Bun'lay work. Cal. Bus. Ass'n., S65 Market.
FOR sa'.e or lease — The Bay View Stables, San
Rafae!, Marin Co., Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to If. Ml'RRAY. on premises; cleared
over tSM a month for last 3 years.
AA— 1400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 2Id ave. station, E. Oakland.
A— J4C0: HOAR store with 2 furnished rooms;
rent $13; business paying from $S5 to $100 per
month. lno"lre I6 1 * Kearny st.
BAKKRY for eale — Largest and best; located
in large country town. Address R. BRUN-
NER, box 35. retaluma. '
HALF-INTERF.ST in paying restaurant on
WRter froi t: $200. Address H. A. H., box
21KT. Call office.
STATIONERY, notion and periodical store In
thriving country town, near city. Address
box 213S. Call office.
MAN with SSQO to buy half-Interest In manu-
facturing business; pays $30 weekly for each.
Box 2172. Call office.
SMALL restaurant for sale, cheap; doing a
good business. 5C6 Howard St., near First.
BARGAIN— Stock and fixtures of millinery
store at 22S Ninth; also household furniture
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including .sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
II. &. F. L. COOPER, Nevada City, Cal.
GREAT bargain, stock of groceries, hay, grain. '
coal. etc. ; business established. 1735 Alca-
trar ave., Berkeley. :
FOR SALE— Coffee and lunch parlor, suitable
fo« man and wife or 2 ladles; rent $15; will
(<ell cheap if sold at once. 704 Polk st.
WOOD. coal, hay and grain yard. shed, horse,
wagon. ;-tc. ; sold on account of sickness. Ap-
ply 3142 Twenty-fourth st.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
*
FOR sale — A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week; no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1C45, Call office. •
FOR pale cheap; paying restaurant; price $350;
rent $15: the owner has other business; must
nell. Address 12 "Washington Bt., or call be-
tween 11 and 1 o'clock dally. .
FOR sale — Candy store and lee cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
$"2n — SALOON and 1 bedroom; bargain. 640
Commercial St.. second doer from Kearny.
J1500 — PARTNER wanted; furniture, wall paper
business: country: fine chance. Box 2122, Call.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon for sale
cheap. Apply 657 Clay St., near Kearny; good
location; rent $35.
FOR sale— A 3-ohalr barber shop. Address H.
JACKSON. Uklah. Cal. .
FIRST-CLASS saloon " for rale; centrally lo-
cated. Apply box Z033, Call office.
FOR gale— Cigar store. 233 Third st.
J30 VVINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. -4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been 'established at 1096
Valencia ft. ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 BARGAINS — All sizes, from 3 to 500 Rooms.
Consisting in Hotels
Rooming: Houses
Lodging Houses
Boarding Houses
Flats and Private Homes. Cal! — I Can Suit
for Cash Payments or Loan You Money. . H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., Phone Mint 79S.
F{SHER & CO.. 1032 Market «t.; telephone 1599.
48 rooms, N. of Market: only.... $1600
16 rooms, Hyde; very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms, rent $G0: location desirable 900
If a. bargain we have them at anp price
north cr south of Market Et.
CO ROOMS, nice corner, well furnished, cheap
rent, half cash, balance at 1 per cent. $4500;
12 rooms, good location, KS0, half cash, bal-
ance at 1 per cent: money to loan at 1V4. M.
E. RIVES, 916 Market, r. C3, tel. Main 128.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 Market st. ~~
18 room*: rent $40; clean house $775
IS rooms; rent $67 CO; yard 1210
56 rooms: cheap at 1850
26 rooms; rent $75; make offer..."..........., 700
FOR sale— 10-room house: nicely furnished; al-
ways full. Inqulra at 762 Ellis st.
LODGINO-HOUSB of 10 rooms *cr sale clieatx
440 T>lni «t-
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
6EE~OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE J
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
MOOO-Part cash for centrally located, newly
papered, painted and thoroughly renovated ana
refurnished house of 33 rooms: has been twice
sold for J5000.
1750 — 20 rooms; all one floor; Geary st.; clears
$100: only J250 cash required. • i
$200 cash for 11-room house: nicely furnished;
good location: balance payments. -
tBOO — For 22-room house on principal street;
clears f75: sacrificed for quick sale.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnieh the m nney— you pay as you can
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market '
SELECT your house from largest list in town.-
7 rooms; well furnished; only *200
9 rooms, fine location .........; -425
14 rooms; elegant; must Bell 8M •
29 r.. apartments absolutely new; cash.... 1000
S3. ?2. 112 and 136 r. houses; values excellent.
Buyers from $100 to $100,000 can be suited.
We lend half purchase money at lowest rates.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market St. •
MARION GRIFFIN h«M Wg »"*. See It....
719 Market st.. nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1R03..
40 rooms, respectable, clears *145; rent $120...
nice location; terms % cash; big mortgage....
11 moms, new house: new h»avy carpets; ftm?
oak furniture: income $160 low
Houses of all sizes, klnd.s and prices.
City hotels. $3000 up to $10.000
LODGING-HOr.SES— Sizes and prices to suit all
buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned buy-
ers; before buying rail
G. W. PCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. Eth & 6th.
CALL and pee our l'st of bargains In houses: '
we have- them tn anv part of th» rity end pt ,
any dHcc. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
. Sixth et.
BEFORE closing your bargain see our list of
paying hwe« in *nv nrn-t of Htv; money
loaned. DOBLE & TURNER. 3 Eddy Pt.
$FCO— BAY-WINDOW house. IS rooms, pood fur-
niture: plways full; rent S44: bargain. 834
Fo!s"m Ft.
LODGIXG-HOUSKS TO LET.
SI'NNY 10-rrw™ h""se. bath: furnished or un-
I f,.-T)f«-h»rV ?» O-TTV— "II. nenr Van Neps.
I — ¦— — — — — — — — — — ~~** ~ ~~** ~ '
SPIRITUALISM.
MMF. jTrNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures dUen^es by sympathy; never
f<ii!.«: hns tli<*' peven r«rals, the .greatest Egyp-
tian regret of the world; shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wlf;: gives lu.cky numbers;
n<1vi(v> In nil sneoulatlon, love and legral af-
fairs: anv one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she is no Fham: prices 25c and
up: oo— e and you will be surprised: gives
FatlFfactirn every one; op. Sundays. J15V4 6th.
ARRIVFD— The celebrated gypsy, Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, ealllne your name, the
rmrne of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry, for a short time: the onlv
medium In the world ro sure of his ocoult •
power that r» will erive every person who
comes prepared a wonderful free test. Call or
write, with st#mp« for pnpwers, 1382 Market
* pt., orposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
AFTFR a sevf>r» illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the pennratetl: mining a specialty; cir-
cles. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve. : letters arswere<l.
Res!d. (no signs). E13 Eddy, bet. Hyde, Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tiance, business
medium, life r=«<1er. medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings, fl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRP. LESTER— Readings, r"c; circle every eve
ex. Pat.. 10c: devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRP. WEFT, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, miner*! psyrho— etrist, palm-
ist and card reading, 2"p. 1I41H Market st.
MME. MAJORS, glfte.1 spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 145 Eddy st.
C. V. MILLER'S materiallnlne seance, 8 p. m. ;
Mo. 10S4 Rush st :
MRS. LOUIFE S. DREW. Pisychtc. Electric
iiT"1 Magnetic Heal°r. Room 14, 305 Lnrkln st.
FH1KNDSTUP Hfll. ."533 lii\AUl?t«T— Mrs.. C. J.
M'vo-- «'ttln-"> rti<'v- f/-«t«: tn xli to-nleht:10c.
CLAIRVO VANTS.
AtTHE First Graduated 1'almist EVer in can
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The — crld's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, -enn be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Jchns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most Rdentific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant in the world to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or modern
times; ell long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the u»e of medicine; he reunites the
reparated. Fettles lovers' quarreli, causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge: tells If your loved one is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed cut; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble' is. he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: medlumlstio per-
sons developed. 26^ Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by mall. ' ¦' .
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
rtate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
queFtlonp: Inclose ?1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the EgyDtlan Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cpps is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, consult ISMAR. for she Is a proph-
etess of world -wide fame and her*name has be-
come a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy bv her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dailv from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1143
Market St., oup. Sixth.- Bv mall three ques-
tions answered, Jl. Full life reading, {5. Bee
my display ad on page 22.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third 8t.< next Examiner bldjr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told, how to
overcomp them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tn»nce
medium, is permanently located at 12M Mar-
ket Et.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second eight;
dlagncses disease with life reading; ladles BOc,
gents Jl: palm, and clair. sit. 11 50, 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
RKE large ad. on paga 16 under Men-tal-vls.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the jrreat palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44*H Jessie »t.. bet. Bth A 6th.
MRS. E. SANDERS, tho Quaker medium and
palmist; readings dally. 1104 Market, t. 28.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; telHowardl846.
EUDOLIA, psychic card reader and healer;
hours 12 to 8 p. m. 423 Eddy st. ; DOc.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 23c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c» 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
ndvire: rmmeg given: 25c up. R Fourth st.
CARPET DKATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. ZS3-S57 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Tteno-
vatlnR Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO.'WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'8 Carpet-Beating Work*. Z33 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone- East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. .
CORNS, bunions, ¦ lngrc iwn nails, warts, chll-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leas successful. Room 310. 927 Market *t. .¦
COTTAGES TO LET. •
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and . bath. 670 Walnut
ave.. bet. Octavla and Laguna sts. •
COTTAGE for sale cheap. Apply store corner
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms; garden; cheap to
prr. all family. 1270 Folson St., near Ninth. >
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
patterns cut: special class rates. 1019 Market.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
_J^^_ DENTISTS. _____
AT the EI^T^torDENTAirCLINIC, 809 Mar- _
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood biag.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; Bold crowns,
13 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of- -
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p; m. : Sundays, 9 to a «
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges <
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years
.experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. ,
DR. GEORGE W.- LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl. :
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings, ¦
SOc; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and «
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth, j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr; Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made:, old plates made over like new: teeth _
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gaa given.
THE New York Dentists have, moved to 969
Mission Bt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive. painless extraction. 60c. •
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush— :
Full set of, teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polk 113j.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third. floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; eveninga and Sun- :
days. 1001 Market pt., corner Sixth., :
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOTTN'i-;. 1241. Polk ht. ¦ ;
__^ EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES 1 Business~CoURgeT~72TTilarkeT N s"t;— Day I
and evening; J8 per nr.-nth: $r>0 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercinl and shorthand course; •
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions sa- '
cured for graduates: catalogue.
WANTED-An office boy trt work 2 hours dally •
in exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College. !
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.— •
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F. I
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac- •
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue. ¦
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand., typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelnn building^
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlons to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civll.elec., mining, meeh., sur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen' School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hali.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and th«
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER - College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction: catalogue.
SPANISH professor. F. M. Vizcaino, is now
forming a new evening clars; terms moderate.
Apply Pnrrott building, room 450.
ELOCUTION, physical culture. Delsarte:
private lessons: classes. MLLE. HF.LEN
CLARKE, 1O22',4 Sutter St.
SUPERIOR violin, 7.lthi»r. Kultxr. banjo, man-
dolln lessons, 50c. W. P. Chambers. 241 Taylcr.
FRRNCH.Spanlsh,ete..Prof.DeFl!lppe'sAcademy
ofLanguages.320Post;estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
FRENCH conversation, singing, piano. M. and
MME. DELORY, from Paris. 908 Sutter st.
KENT Law School. 523 Parrott building; day
and night: prepares for Supreme Court.
PROF MERKI, from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 100R Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo 102t Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
clalty; simple method?, successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATTON-PABTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night clayg. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
rotlce. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk: tel. Larkln 239L
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlc*— Best
help furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bugh S78.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters ' and house servants. I GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California.: phone James 2601.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black S072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office-
Best help. 526 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
AN orphan, 18, will take housework, care of
children and sewing for $2 a week if she can
have 2 to 4 off every day except Sunday for
stenography lesson. 1815 Baker St.
COMPETENT trained nurse having hospital
and prh'ate experience wishes to take care of
sick or Invalid lady; willing to travel. Box
21S3, Call office.
WOMAN wishes place to do ' general house-
work; no objections to country; can care for
Invalid or bring. baby up on the bottle; no
postals. 2017 Powell Bt. \
WORKING housekeeper's position wanted by
middle-aged woman of refinement; city or
country; reference. Address MRS. A. P.,
1413 Van Ness ave., lower flat.
NEAT, reliable American young woman desires
a situation as child's nurse; references. Ad-
dress MISS C. M.. Station B. East Oakland.
RELIABLE nurse and housekeeper wishes po-
sition. Address 1163 Market st., bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing, cleaning, etc. ; wages $t Apply 212
Clara Bt.. rear. ' ."
COMPETENT middle-aged American woman
with 12-year-old girl wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper. Box 2192, Call office.
GERMAN woman would like to do mending
and plain washing home; also skirt binding.
Address OTO'i Natoma St. |
COMPETENT Infant's nurse would like posi-
tion; can take entire charge; reference. Box
264S. Call office. ¦. ¦
SWEDISH girl wishes situation ' housework,
plain cooking; wages $20. 3722 Folsom st.
NURSE wishes position in doctor's or dentist's
office; best of references. Box 2190, Call.
LADY wishes work by the day. 613 Natoma
: St., lower bell.
WANTED— Dressmaking in families; $1 60 per
day: good quick worker. 2509 Mission, rear.
AMERICAN woman wants a situation as work-
ing housekeeper; good cook;., country pre-
ferred. AIRS. L. R., 659A Natoma gtre et.
RELIABLE woman wishes steady housework
.petition:' neat housekeeper: references. An-
swer. stating wages, box 2638. . Call office. .
WOMAN would like to do washing. Address
412 Linden ave. ..
DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter, wishes
work. $1 50; quick worker; suits remodeled.
4441 Twentieth tit, near Eureka.
SWEDISH lady wishes work from 9 or 10
o clock dally; will care for children, mending,
chamber work, flrst-class cook, wait at table.
A. P.. box 212S. Call Oflice.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. liear Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 6?
week; convenient and. respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE. ,
A PRACTICAL miner wants position; accus-
tomed to stamps or circular mills; had experi-
ence on low grade ores, also mine develop-
xnent. and is capable of taking entire charge;
• has ; assay outfit and transit; general con-
struction, steam and water power calcula-
tlons; refs.. etc. Address box 2189. ; Call.
CORRESPONDENT, salesman and exnert ac-
countant, lately arrived from New York. 10
years' experience with largest Eastern con-
cerns, seeks engagement with local firm of
repute: highest San Francisco references.
/Box ,2181, Call. , .
CARRIAGE or wagon smith I wishes position;
town or country. *. Address N. P. WINTER,
1020 Howard st. . •, --
WANTED— Work by. all-round cook. 615 Van
Ness. ave. ...¦: ¦ ¦ j ..--_• ¦• < , >•¦, ...
GENERAL: merchandise and - grocery . clerk
wishes position: California experience an-i
references. Address C. H.V; 2222 Jackson st.
YOUNG man (23),. German and of good family,
desires a position of - any kind; has good
habits, sober and ' steady: best referencts
- from the U. S. army and IT. S. .transport ser-
vlce. Box 216C. ¦„ Cal I office. ¦ . : ,
COACHMAN — Situation- wanted; thoroughly
* competent horseman, gardener and driver;
city ¦ reference. "MS. W., ¦ 813 , Kearny st. ¦ , -. '-
SITUATION; wanted as : ¦ coachman : > city - or
¦ country; best": of reference. : Box : 2646, CalL
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG all-around office man, capable of tak-
ing charge ' of office, desires position; will
start low* where there Is a chance of work-
ing up; Al references.' Box 2194, Call office.
GERMAN wants Job as cook's helper orlunch
man. Box 2600, Call office.,
GERMAN would like a position In private
family; thoroughly understands the care of
horses and gardening and can make himself
generally useful. Box 2599, Call office.
WANTED— As choreman In private family.
Box "2595, Call office.
STRONG and willing young man of 22 to do
porter work. Box 2639, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a thorough kitchen and
¦ dining room man aa manager or steward.
Address box 2f64, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN speaking French, German,
Spanish and Portuguese, many years' ex-
perience in export business with South and
Central America, having traveled greater
part of same, seeks situation with view of
eventually investing capital. Address box
2160, Call. ¦ -
YOUNG man. Just arrived from the East, de-
sires a place in private family; care horses,
cows, lawn and make himself useful: not
afraid of work; wages $30. Box 2163. Call.
BARTENDER wishes situation; city or coun-
try; speaks German; good mixer; from the
East. Box 2162, Call.
YOUNG salesman, grocery or otherwise, wants
position where reliable man can be appre-
clated. Box 2161. Call.
ENGINEER, hoisting, stationary engines; as-
custoir.ed to do own firing. Room 134, Royal
House. 12G Ellis Bt.
MECHANICAL and civil engineer and drafts-
man with wide experience Wishes employ-
ment. Address K. U., box 2173, Call office.
RELIABLE and honest younp. man with clean
and noble habits desires situation. Box 2171,
Call office.
SITUATION as cook; small hotel or boarding-
house; sober, steady man. Box 2175, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class upholetQT-
er in a hotel. • Box 2174, Call office.
A FIRST-RATE tin ond sheetlron worker,
who thoroughly" undci stands all branches of
the trade, would likii a Job; city or country;
terms desirable to employer. Address Cutter,
box 2149, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED 'German man, married,
wishes a situation to drive a delivery wagon
or a team; is well acquainted about the city.
Apply 602 Hermann st., corner Fillmore.
WANTED — By a young man, position In whole-
sale house or driving team; 10 years' experi-
ence In driving; referunces. Box 2030, Call.
INTELLIGENT young man, aged 28, wishes
position of any* kind; best reference?. Ad-
dress S. M., 2132 Fillmore st.
WANTED— An experienced engineer wants a
position: he makes a specialty of steam and
hydraulic elevators: can give best of refer-
ences; 25 years' experience. Address J. S.,
_box 2134. Call office.
RELIABLE young man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk in country grocery and pro-
vision store; Al references. Address box 202S,
Call office.
MACHINIST, lathe or bench hand, wishes
work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
AddreEB box 2111. Call office.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; best of references; object, good home:
city or country. Address box 2024, Call.
EXCHANGE.
FINE large country home In Cloverdale: will
exchange for city property: pay some differ-
ence. MRS. E. C. WHEELER, 1693 Fif-
teenth st.
WANTED— To exchange good breach-loading
shotgun or rifle for camera using films. G.
QUINN. 611 Geary st. .
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latent sanitary process may address
FFATHFR FACTORY. Hi Ptevensnn »t.
FLATS TO LET.
BEST flats in Mission; 8 rooms; porcelain tubs
and all modern Improvements; rents only $20
per month: cor. Mission and 23d. Full partic-
ulars MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
A MODERN, sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath and
basement; all latest Improvements. 623
Halght st.. near Fillmore. ! '
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, $18. 1939 Mason at.
SACRAMENTO, 13GS-FIat of three rooms; sep"-
arate entrance; rent $12 50.
TURK, 520B — Sunny upper flat; 4 rooms; large
basement; rent $12: no children.
TWO sunny modern flats, 6 rooms and bath
each, 987 and 975 Golden Gate ave. HIMNS.
413A Franklin st.
UNFURNISHED flat of three rooms to let. 614
Jessie street.
4 ELEGANT new sunny flats of 9 and 10 rooms.
872 to 8S0 Eddy St., near Van Ness ave.
$12— UPPER flat, 6 rooms. 33 Moss St., oft
Howard, near Seventh.
$21— MIDDLE flat. » rooms, bath and wash-
room. 1650 Hayes St., near Panhandle.
FLATS TO LET— Fl'RMISHKD.
FOR rent— Finely furnished 6-room flat in
Western. Addition; rent reasonable to small
family. Apply at Bee Hive Shoe Company,
717 Market st. ¦
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms. bath; light
housekeeping if desired; no children. 149 Rush.
FLATS WANTED.
FLAT or cottage, five rooms or more. and bath;
north California, east First ave.; rent mod-
erate; no children. Box .2598. Call office.
for sale: or kxchance.
FOR SALE or exchange— Six-room cottage in
Alameda, 100x142 feet; corner in Elmhurst,
will exchange for small acreage or. lot In
Oakland. 1159 Jefferson st..' Oakland.
FURMTUItE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms and bath, for sale
cheap. 507 Powell st.
FOR sale— 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 104S Ellis st.
, FURNITURE WANTED. ~
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,13C5 Lafkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP M ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Bright, honest, enersretlc ladles
with business capabilities to take a course of
Etudy and establish branch agencies for PR,
E. E. MeLEAN. Hair Physician, Call build-
ing, rooms 201-215.
EXPERIENCED operators on straw hats; also
girls accustomed to operating sewing ma-
chines by power and girls to learn. Atlanta
_ Straw Works, 104 Fifth st.
A STRONG German girl to assist matron an I
, care of the sick for the German Altenhelrr .
Fruitvale; }20. Apply to the Altenhelm or
MRS. WESTHOFP, 1410 Green st.; morning.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete iii six
weeks; employment secured ¦when compe-
tent; terms reasonable. Halrdresslng Col-
< lege, 574 Geary st. .
WANTED— A young lady for copying and gen-
eral office work; state experience and wages
'expected. Box 2159, Call. .
A' GERMAN girl to wait on invalid lady:
must be . good , sewer. 2120 Jackson st. ; call 9
r and ; 11 ¦ a. ; m. or . between 5 and 6 p. , m.
ELDERLY woman to take care of '¦ two chil-
dren. .- Apply 616A •Natoma st. - -
CANDY saleslady, experienced. Call > from 10
to 12 to-day, BLUM'S, cor. Polk and Sutter.
GIRL assist housework; sleep home; $12. Call
-¦ Sunday and Monday. 1022 & Folsom st. .
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for glove de-
part merit; state references.. H. M., box 2180,
Call office. . '
NEAT German girl for cooking In small flat;
muBt sleep home. 886 Bush st. . ,
TOUNG girl light second work. Southeast cor-
,. ner Scott and Green sts., 10 to 12.
GIRL for housework- In 'small family; sleep
; home; no ¦ children;', good treatment; every
evening ; and Sunday afternoon < free. Apply
' Monday, lto 3, . at 2108 Taylor st.'
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice. Apply
805 Ellis st. -.-:¦¦. . ';' ' ¦. a ;¦» .- ¦,..
WANTED— Hanagen everywhere; .. $20 weekly;
'either sex. >N.Y. College Cutting, 1206 Market.
KELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
I waitresses, commercial hotel. $22 SO, fars
paid; 2 waitresses, same country hotel, $22 50.
fare paid; waitresses. Dixon. Martinez, An-
tioch. Salinas, Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Red-
wood City and city, $20 and $25; waitress,
• short distance, |20 and free fare, and 2
waitresses, south, $22 50 and fare paid ; 2
chambermaids, city, $20; cook, country ho-
tel. $30; shampooer for springs, $25, fare ad-
vanced; girl to answer telephone, $5 week;
scrubber for store, $1 a day.-.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any girl or woman wanting work In a pri-
vate family at wages from $10 to $30 can get
it by calling on us. We have places coming
in daily for experienced help and others to
learn. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
1 NEAT young salesladies for store. $1 day;
no experience necessary. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st. r
GIRL for Berkeley, keeps second girl, 4 in
family. $25; 18 other housegirls. CAL. EMP.
AGENCY. 59 Third St.
TWO first-class skirt hands; 1 first-class waist
hand; 1 first-class sleeve hand. Apply 26Va
Kearny st., room 8^
WANTED— Flrst-class waist, skirt and coat
hands. Apply at .1200 Geary st.. after 7
o'clock i>. m . •
WANTED— Clever widow over 28; good/m an-
ager. Box 2193, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants at 75c
a pair at 156 New Montgomery at., room 10.
WANTED— A girt for general housework; 4 in
family; wages $25 per month. Call at 330
Halght st. Monday forenoon.
BUTTON-HOLE maker and finishers, appren-
tices on vests; paid while learning. 609
Kearny st., room 2. • ¦
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats. 7 Cohen
place, off Ellis, near Leavenworth^
WANTED— Woman to go in- country aa cook.
Box 2644, Call office.
WANTED— Talloregs. 103 Fifth st.
LADIES and gentlemen to do copying home;
$10 weekly; no canvassing; stamp for par-
ticulars. H., 7.8 La Salle St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Waist and skirt makers at 234 Post
St., room 10.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
live at home. 224 Post st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 481»,4
Minna St., near Sixth; wages $10.
WANTED— First-class 'finisher on pants; union
work. Address 206 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; also buttcn
hole maker; only good need apply. BARON.
Ladles' Tailor. 22 and 24 Grant ave.
CUSTOM shirt operators and finishers. D. C.
HEGER. 1344 Market St., opp. Seventh.
WANTED — A French cr German girl for up-
stairs work; good wages. Call 3601 Clay st.
GIRL for general housework: wage* $20. 403
Fair Oaks St., cor. Twenty-fifth.
WANTED — Experienced finishers on ladles'
cloaks. 40 Ellis St., roum 43.
STENOGRAPHER; good dresser; good talker;
good salary; apply to-day, 8 a. m. to I p. m.
1327 JJarket st.. room 2.
PIANISTS to play In exchange for lessons.
Hoover Physical Culture, Tenth and Market
sts., room 1.
WANTED— Operators on wrappers: good pay.
..JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on vests. 724V4 Market St.,
rooirt 27; call Monday morning. '„
THREE experienced waitresses wanted at 1007
Market st.
A GIRL, 14 to 16, to assist light housework.
322 Twenty-ninth st.
HAND sewers wanted at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S factory. 32H Fremont St.; good wages.
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATOR on pants. 83 Third St.
LADY to solicit orders from gents: salary and
commission. Address box 2665. Call office.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. -WOOD A
CO. Apply at factor}'. 27 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED operators on pants wanted
by S. N. WOOD _ CO. Apply at factory, 27
. Geary st^
WANTED-^A girl 13 to 15 years old to assist
for a good home and clothes or $5 per month.
430 Ellis St.; call In morning.
.OPERATOR and finisher: custom coats: good
wages; steady. G. COHN & CO.. 775 Market,
WANTED— Trimmers In millinery department.
ABRAHAMSON BROS.. Oakland.
LOOK LOOK LOOK
MCDOWELL'S offer one week fre« in sew-
ing-room to pupils entering before March 15;
learn to do your own dressmaking: class in
millinery forming March 11; French method
taught; patterns cut to order. MCDOWELL'S,
1019 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' shirt
waists; steady work. S. F. MANUFG. CO..
409A Turk st.
WANTED— Flrst-class experienced millinery
saleslady: salary $20 per week; state age and
experience. Box 2170. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
desk In dry goods store; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 2169. Call.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
V'ANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Ehlrt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on bar coats and waiters' coats,
on electric power; steaay work. 36 Geary St.,
room 48.
APPRENTICE for mlllJnery; apply between S
and 9. S05 Powell st.
OPERATORS shirts ard overalls; inexperienced
instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission st.
SKIRT maker to make skirts at home. 751
Market St.. L. HORVITZ.
GIRL for general housework. Call 306 Laurel
St.. between Sacramento and Clay.
GIRLS to wrap Sweetheart chewing gum.
NEWTON GUM CO.. Second and Folsom stB.
WANTED— Maker In millinery department-
Apply at HALE BROS.. S79-9S7 Market st.
OPERATORS cn ladles' waists, children's hat»
and bonnets; good pay. 21 Sansome et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ccats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
I FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. Ml Market st.
BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., S6t4 Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework and
cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 a. m., 2211
Sutter st.
CLEVER woman to hire agents In town; sal-
ary, and traveling expenses. Box 2118, Call.
WANTED— Good woman cook for men. Apply
20:<O Seventeenth st.. near Vermont.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; sleep home. 403 Grove st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 6U Mar-
ket st.
OPKKATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In f»rf— . 7re VnH<»t «t.. —*»— ».
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife, private place, country, $40;
man for orchard, -$1 P«r day and board; 3
ranchmen; country, ?I0; old man for restau-
rant, country, $15, bed and board; quarrymen.
laborers, mill and woodsmen. woodchopper3,
, men to make ties, pickets and posts. CAL.
BMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 113
Turk ;tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
r~ .-a- '¦•••
¦ • ¦ • COFFEE
SALESMAN
Who knows enough about coffee to tell by
appearance in roasted state country of pro-
' ductlon (of main varieties*.
If reliable and bright
And wilting to go on the road.
May find a position with A. SCHILLING ft
CO., San Francisco. Don't call In person,
but make your application In writing. State
experience, nationality, age. married or sin-
gle, ralary expected: references required.
Address box 2184, Call.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 3c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay.
Beware of any cheap Imitations. ¦.'-¦¦-,
TRUSTWORTHY persons to travel for estab-
lished house solid financial standing; salary
$780 and expenses; no canvassing; Inclose self
addressed envelope. , Manager, 375 Caxton
building. Chicago. ¦
WANTED — By established firm scheme or spe-
'- clalty m en to sell exceedingly attractive and
salable line; special terms; unique Induce-
ments; high-priced men Investigate. C. R.
: COOK. 21 W. Atwater. Detroit. Mich. -,¦ .
WANTED— A tirst-class carriage trimmer and
• barnessmaker to go to Hawaiian Islands;
-steady work; good pay for first -class . man.
--. Apply Monday at 12 o'clock. STUDEBAKER
: BROS.'; MFG. CO. t Market and Tenth sts.
WANTED— In San Francisco, manufacturing
¦ establishment an experienced matcher hand;
V wans $3 per day to suitable man.' Box 2C56,
¦ Call" office. *
EMPLOVaK.1T WANTED .« ALE.
A— MURRAY & READT Phone Main 5S4S
...Leading: Employment and Labor Agent*...
....White male help of all kinds furnished....
FREE OP CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. . We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of 4ielp: Phone, telegraph, writ*
or call In person and procure your help from.
MURRAY A READY.
W* gave employment
In 1S97 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 189S to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1899 to . upward of 21.000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK- Hundreds of
places awaiting* .your selection.
COME READ OUK HULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C6 Clay st.
A— HELP WANTED 7 A. M. MONDAY
BLACKSMITHS MACHINISTS
Machinist* for lumber company.. J43 and found
2 machinists, country shop J3 60 day
Machinist, lathe hand, country
R&nch blacksmith i~- and found
Blacksmith for tba mines $¦'¦)
Sash and door maker Sheetiron worker
3 blacksmiths, different places
i:> 50 day, 140 and found
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC ,.
4 plow teamsters, large ranch $30
3 farm hands, same ranch *:'¦"
2 farmers, vineyard *^5
15 farm and orchard hands $-8 and $.10
8 milkers J3U and $3i
MISCELLANEOUS
Young man to carry mall and work in coun-
try store J23
4 laborers, no experience necessary, for the
mlnea ? $3i)
Chorem an, private place Choreboya
man and wife for _-_nch on shares
Stableman, country $-0
3 stablemen and hostlers $30 and $60
Man to work in coal yard; & boys for factory,
$5 40 week
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Assistant butcher, country hotel, see boss
here !
10 waiters, city ani country $30
German hotel cook. $40; second and third
cooks; 8 cooks, different places, $30. $40 and
$G0; boy for bakery, city
MURRAY & READY. 634-838 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Free faro .... Railroad Work .... Free fare.
" Ship Dally
30 drillers and tunnel men for big tunnel.
Chatawortb Park $2 to 12 50 a day
Teamsters and laborers. California A N. W.
R. R., $2 a day; 20 laborers for S. P. Co. "a
own work. $1 75 a day, board $4 SO week
Coal miners Coal miners
White or Colored
...;. Married or Single
See Superintendent Here To-day.
Good mines Best of wages
Free far* Frea faro
Driver for milk wagon. $33 to $40; 2 farmers.
$26; 2 Swiss milkers, $30; milker, $30 to $40;
gardener, country hotel, $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German meat and paltry cook, country ho-
tel. $45; third cook, country hotel. $30; third
cook, railroad eating house, $30. free fare;
cook, oyster and chop house, country, $40;
vegetable cook, country hotel. $35: German
third cook, mine boarding house, $35: butler,
good references, private family. $30 to $40;
10 waiters, $35. $40. $45 and $50; neat young
man with good references to make beds and
do housework for gentlemen's club, $23
Washer, country laundry, $45. frte fare;
polisher, country hotel laundry. ' $-15. half fare
paid; washer, $35. hand laundry, country ho-
tel, fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
WE have plenty of orders in our Los Angeles
office for laborers and kitchen help. C. R.
HAN'SEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY
20 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own work: call
8 o'clock to-day (Sunday) and 8 o'clock to-
morrow (Monday* with blankets ready to
start; wages $175: board $4 50
Free fare Free fare Free far*
C. R. HAN'SEX & CO 104 Geary st.
A— SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY
All coal miners Coal miners
White.... or... .Colored
.. Can see Superintendent to-day (Sunday)..
Until 10 o'clock at our office
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
BARBER shop for sale In the best mining
town in the State. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ¦
WANTED — Collectors far Industrial Insurance.
Call Sunday afternoon. 4 and 5, or Monday
morning, 8 and 9. at 403 Montgomery, rm. 6.
TWO men of neat address; salary or commis-
sion; something genteel: gcwxl seller. ?jj
O'Farrell st. ; hours between 10 and 1 o'clock.
BRIGHT, strong boy about 14 for hardware
and tool. house. Apply 53 First St., Monday,
8 to 4.
WANTED— At Mills College, good gardener oZ
experience; recommended.
WANTED— 5 or 6 good men to sell stock of a
flrst-class oil company. Apply Monday. Wln-
chester Oil Co.. Winchester Hotel. 9. F.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUSD COH-
' PANY. 21 gp«ar st. >
WAITER— $23 and found. 301 Twenty-second
street. \
WANTED— Wire hat frame makers; also ap-
prenticfs. Apply at 256 Jessie st.
MAN to make short orders and help on range.
$3 week. Depot Restaurant. 210 Townsend st.
WANTED— An errand boy. 509 Kearny st.,
room 2; apply Monday.
BLACKSMITHS for whaling cruise: also car-
penters. at HERMAN'S. 2B Steuart st.
A COMPANY Just forming will own tract of
Kern Land: no royalty or bonus; stock to ba
sold in Europe: want 3 more men on ground
floor. Box 2642. Call office.
WANTED— Flrst-class upholsterer and carpet
layer. Call Sunday. 2108 California at.
YOUNG men to go whaling: no experienc*
required. L. LETVY. Battery and Jackson.
GERMAN boy wanted to learn the confectioner
trade. Apply ROEMER'S Cafe. 205 Kearny.
SPARE time of reporter or book agent. Room
28S. Grand Hotel. 12.30 to 2 to-day.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and first-class man
that can straighten steel plates, etc. Waltz
Safe and Lock Co.. 1C9-U1 Market st.
WANTED— First-class draughtsman. Call at
135S Market st., Monday 9 a. m.
RESPONSIBLE firm desires an energretlc gen-
tleman well acquainted. Box 263«. CalL
CARRIAGE blacksmith wanted at 11S8 Mis-
sion et.
WANTED— Errand boy Monday morning at SC3
qay tt. FRANK EASTMAN A CO.
WANTED — Second waiter. New Golden Gata>
Hotel. 134 Fourth st. -
GENTLEMAN to solicit for attorney; cash or
commission: answer fully. Box XG80, Call.
PANTS prewsers wanted by S. N. WOOD A CO.
Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED^-A man to work in a coal business;
one who understand* hay and grain: refer-
ences required; state salary. Box 2669. Call.
STEADY waiter with references. GrBBS, IS
East st^ .
CARPENTER and painter for country; nlc»
place for right man. IS East st.
LIVE- agents to sell oil stock: liberal commis-
sion. 1206 Market st., room 14. * ¦¦¦¦
WANTED— A first-class bartender. 23 Stocktoa
street.
MnDONALD & PERRY have 5CO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up: drummers" sam-
ples and slightly damaged; shoes. 241 Third.
WANTED— Young man with reference* as to
character to work In bmaar. 2217 Webster.
WANTED — First-class German cook. Call
Monday bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 2411 Jackson Bt;
references.
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to wholesale and retail trade; we are th»
largest and only manufacturers In our Una
in the world: liberal ealary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Oa.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc; frea
scholarship In engineering awarded to few
well recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence, Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to ritrht man. F. PERSON
: room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A young man about 13 years of
age to work in grocery; must speak Gm nan
and have some experience. Apply 453 Sixth.
WANTED— Piano player: one who plays by
note. J1O week. Apply Old Grotto. Seventh,
and Market sts.
BOY wanted, age S to 12; must be badly
freckled. to show after treatment: good wages;
permanent. DR. FOWLER. 520 Jones st. '
WANTED— Dlemaker. locksmith or vise hand.
W. N. QUTZMAN. 1706 Dwtght way, Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS machine draughtsman and de-
slgner: technical man preferred; state ex-
perience, age and salary expected ; - excellent
opening for competent man. Box 2143 1 . Call.
COAT.' pant* and vest maker for country. Ao-
ply REIS3 BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Gardener to work In nursery, as
Hayes st. • •
STOCK sawyer -for furniture factory. 8071
Seventeenth st.', near Folsom.
"THE Chicago"* typewriter, price $35. at 423
California St.: agents wanted.
WANTED— A gardener to raise cut flowers.
with chance to be partn-r. . Call at 1149 Polk.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. Uo and
20c Boston House. 930 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. haU
price. 662 Mission »t.. bet. lat and 2d sts.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
29
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Experienced domestic and drapery
taWrr.en; state age, experience and salary
expected. Address box .153. Call office.
WANTrD-Toung nuin for porter work- state
age and salary expected. Address box 2152
Call office. '
¦WANTEP— Young man. age 18 to _L experi-
enced !n camera and kodak supplies • rt_.teex-
pericr.ee and salary expected. Apply box 212«,
N 7£J V l, L^ or * I £ and mechanics to kom
that Ld Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
rurs I^-ver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; -oc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
.m proved revolving chair, railed the "Auto-
back ; If* a curker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarter*. .28 Market St.. Bret floor up..
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 10c and 15c
meals In the city at 410 Kearny «t.; the
Maine Restaurant.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard Et !
no barroom chairs used in this college.
ERIGHT men of good a>lrtre*!>: money ad-
vanced to r-rht party. Call between "e and
* a. m. at Z':2 Po?t et.
GET your ehoe* half-scled while waiting; 25e
to t^c. 1(2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HARDER shop for *ale; good location; cheap
rent. E-V^ 6te_art »t.
ENGRAVERS wanted! Apply CALIFORNIA I
PHOTO-ENG RAVING CO.. B1J Market st. !
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at £27 Fourteenth !
etreet.
EAILORP. bUckss-Ubs. »pame:i £ green bands' !
all parts of world. HERMANS. 26 Steuart.' I
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable I
firm, tot Market, room 40. Phelan building, j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Tfclrd r t.. near Mar-
feat: 700 room*. 25c night; reading-rooms; free :
•bu» and baggage to and from ferry. ;
HORSES AXD WAGONS. j
TU__NT_ head of well-broken driving aad I
¦work horse-, ___tcke_ teams; also a number of '
broken To-r* mulea. 1200. FItED H. CHASE '¦
-t CO.. CT. Market _u
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts. harneM. Grand Arcade Horse Market, j
_2i 6!rth ¦_,; auction aalee every Wednesday, i
BTLLIVAy A DOYLE. Auctioneers. |
HANDSOME black h^rss. 8 years; pound; U
har.fis: welg_._ 1150; guaranty title; also new
rotia buggy aad harness. 476 Geary st. j
FTNE hora* end buggy: a'-so covered wagon 2 .
rood horses and harness, for eale cSieap. ZZ1.1
Bnchaaan st.
B- F. VETERINARY College win commence Its
t- -esrlon June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pa-coast, cec.. Jio Gclden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
Gate ave., corner Leavenworth st. *
THREE fart road r.orfes; also some good i
bOElnes- horses, at 721 Howard tt.
BTJSINESS buggy. 1*0: a bargain: must sell.
Q. ROSS, carriage painter, 27^ Mission st.
THREE flne eecond-hand surreys; one 4-ton
express wagon. 4S Kighth et.
X— 100 SETS sccond-h.ir.d fcaraef?; wagons,
carts, bUfc-glM, nirreyn. horse*. 1140 Folsom.
AN' A No. 1 express wagen. single, also light j
camping wagon, for Eale cheap. 632 Mission. |
A FINE family cow for fale; young Jersey. I
Apply ICC Grove et. *
IIOfSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. «». H. UMBSEN _; CO.. 14 Montgrmery.
A HANDSOME resi*«»nee with all n.^dern Im-
pr vpments. containing 11 rorms and banquet
hall, to rent; north side. 2912 Clay «t.
HO1SH to-!et; 2 rooms; rer.t K; rear; ~ST
Geary et.
NICELY furnished houke. t rooms and bath;
will rent furnished cr unfurnished; reaaon-
nM«>. ie;5 p.^Ft _t.
HOISE8 TO LET FIHMSHKD.
TO let— Nicely furnished £-roora house: electric j
lights, porcelain bath, pla.no, etc. ul" Devisa- '
d»»ro ft.. n»>ar Hayes. j
EIOFSES FOR SAJL.ES.
A HANDSOME r*s;_encp of S rooms, bath,
ba-^—tent. -table, chicken honres. tank house.
well. mltl. fine garden; tunny corner; ele-
rated: fine view of city; furnished or unfur- '
Dished; ITCxlIO.
Ccnage of 4 rooms, bath, basement, chicken 1
ho-jbcs. with Fer.arate yards, well, mill and .
tr.r. k; also Spring Valley water, gardes, etc.;
100-110; owner leaving city. ¦
Apply at 1?S La:_lty et.. corner Falrmount:
c t Vateo cars.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Friday, Sth. gold-rimmed spectacle*.
Fir.der vtll receive reward by leaving the
rarn» with the cashier of City of Paris Dry
Gcx.'ls «'o., Geary and Stockton Ets.
LOST — Small Marguerite pin; pearl petals;
Btr.a;l diamond in center; gift of a decea-ed
huFbarid; $10 reward. Return to ELISE C.
MURRAY. 2124 OFarrpJl st.
LOST — Gold rin with two <5iamon_s and one
em^ral-i, F_rro_nrjed ty pearls. Return to
-ll.^-.S HAAS. .W7 Kr__k:in tt; reward.
LOST— A none marten collar with black rib-
bon atia-cfced. on Wednesday. February 27.
R'-rard at 1CIL Castro Bt.. near Twenty-third.
LOST— On Kearny et., between Sutter and
Market, a large opal done valued as a keep-
cake. Reward if returned to 119S Ellis tt.
Z_tBER_A.L reward for rr turn or Information
of rrn&li white and brown dog, female; lost
from 2 Golden Gate ave.. March 4.
1/DST— V.e_ne*day afternoon, diamond stick
. Din, on Fulion or L&rkin Ets.. bet. Fulton
_nd drove. Finder return to RUEDIGER
iyjESCH'S Bakery. 1U Larkia et., and re-
ceive liberal reward.
ARAf-MO LCCIDO of Bl.tck Diamond will pay
m. reward of *40 to any one who will return
to him f> mlraon net lo«t in the neighbor-
hood of Rodeo, n^ar Vallejo Junction, Feb. 27.
FOUND— Blue horse, weight about 1150; owner
can have same by paying expenses and prov-
ing property. Apply JOHNSON & BROWN'S
<Jp.lry. near Fix-Mile House. Ban Bruno road.
Wanted— Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 548 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mnon.
OLD c-:_. ellver, diamonds and predoua rtones
bought. J. R. JE.VKEL. 617 Market rt.
MATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
wend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellla at.
BIEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED «peeiallet: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladles only; my reg-
ulator has no equal; all classes of female
complaints relievM by treatment superior to
all othf-rs; the only treatment that helps the I
unfortunate; the most obrtinate cases are
Immediately reliex-ed without jain; no other
treatment win do this; the most difficult !
canvt treated; •elentifle methods guaranteed.
I>R. O. w. O-DONNHLL, 1018 Mrkt. opp. tth. .
UK. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, the well- '
known ladi^B' *pecta.Usta: 22 y«-.ra' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at offke; patients treated can return same
_ar: those wUbir.g to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
UT;NT;a rure cure; give* instant relief; harm-
l**r; any on* c»n uk it; itimp for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
Fucocrsful prartlre; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home for patient* ; con-
sult free. J<42 I'otrt r_, rxrt. Hyde and Larkln.
I>T_ POPPER— Newly Improved genuine rega-
lator can only be had at my office; for all
fenu_> complaints; beware of Imitations; can
b* sent. I_3 Kearny et.
MRS. DR. KOHL. K>7 Market St.. cor. Sixth—'
Sare end reliable l»die«' *p«'ci;»I!8t: prtvat-
hom* tx-fore and during confinement.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1R25 Market-Private home
for p__i««nt» before and during confinement;
*— eO fcnoyn; Implicit confidence; reliable.
MRS. PR. ALLEN— R«nove1 to HIS Market,
\>ri. Taylrr and Maron: ladW specialist.
SIISCELL.AXEOrS-r-F'OIl SALE.
HOILnRS. engines. Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A; WOLPMAN, 1S5-137 Fremont «L,
IlARi*. back bars, mirror*, showcase-, counters,
linoleum, new and necond hand: we always
have a Jarge «tock of saloon outfits on hand:
SJ.ecmjjIete outfit- on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1C1S. 1C21. 103 Mission .L. ,
ebove Sixth; write for catalogue.
A fOMI'LETE dental outfit, consisting of *-n-
rlne lathe, molds and lot instruments, all for ;
$4f>. -cannot b« replaced for double that price.
LTKCLE HARRIS. :: G.-art ave. _^_ •
AMERICAN, men's size, 14-karat bo_«-fllled or
or«»*r-ent case watrhee. with Waltham cr El-
*rin movements, only $11. UNCLE HARRIS. ;
13 Grant ave.
REDUCE your sras hills— Bouth wick's Patent |
Met-r Ch«ck will save many dollars in a
>«r; « »« the only invention ever dlseov-
*-rp<J for that purpose; sample check by mall. <
.MK ROUTHWICK A PON. Oakland. Cal. ¦
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam, i
Apply at 216 California _t-
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. bi "W: 8 H. P. enslne; '
cheap. J. BURKE. I2» Beale et. - ••
SIISCELLA.VEOUS— KOR SAXXS.
rOR eale— Lumber and firewood, 7 mantels,
stationary washstands, French ranges, bath-
tubs, brick, etc. Monday morning, Sutter
and Gough gts.
FOR sale— 1 pen Black Minorca*, Buff Leg-
horns; Incubator, chicks and thorough eggs
for hatching. Apply Potrero Poultry Yards.
404 Carolina «t. _.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear tt.
FOR Sale— One 80-horrepower boiler. 2 drums.
Fulton mine holi-i. Kor particulars address
J. PORRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; rail early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
J-000— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms; 25- foot lot;
Ftreet work all done; bvutlful neighborhood.
1S0S Turk st.. near Devte-dcro.
WANT to rent blackBmliii shop and sell tool?
and Etock. Address W. W. W ATKINS. New-
ark. Qal. '
NEW No. 203 National cash register for Eale
cheap. Call 1£45 Pclk st.
FOR Fale— 2 bnrber chairs; 6 other chairs, etc.
Apply i:01 Valencia st.
$6— SINGER family sewing machine; a bai-
gaJn. 7J0 Eddy st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Id-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sol«i. KROGH MFG. CO.
ID-HAND steam, ga«, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGR'-APHIC and made lantern goods
bought. F'.Id, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
BAFES— New and sprwid hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 121 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED— Second-hand '"drop head" high-
grade sewing machine for cash: state price
and make; nr> agents. Box 2096, Call, Oakland.
TILTON'S Now M!5fit Parlors wants masquer-
ade, ladies* and gpnt's clothing. 154 Ninth
tt. ; tel. Folsom 135.
OLD gu!d and Filver nnd diamonds bought. 206
Kearny st.. room 412.
MILL VALLEY KEAL BSTAT12.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$10.000 — S rooms and bath; 1 acre: flne view of
Tamalrals.
$6,000—12 rooms and bath; lot 150x300; stable;
rent $CC> per month furnished.
JI.CCO— 6 rooms and bath: 4»i acres; rent fur-
nished $50; ten minutes from depot.
$1.500 — 7 rooms and bath; lot S5xl5i; double
walls ard floors; rent furnished $250 for
season.
$4,000 — 6 rooms and bath; extensive grounds;
2 tent platforms; furnished, 160 per
month.
$4,000—10 rooms and bath; corner; flne view;
l^t ?5xl30: unfurnished rent J"0.
$*,2S0 — 7 rooms and lath; lot 60x150; cottage 3
rooms rear; n*-ar train.
$3,230 — 2-story 4 rooms and bath: unfinished
second Ftriry; larce lot: flne view of
San Kranolfco: .". minutes to train.
$3,000 — Larpe chicken range, about 3 acres:
house, rut buildings, tank house; close
to <5»vot: no comi*"tition; choice place.
$3,000—5 rooms iind "bath; .let 12*;xl50; high
herpes in rear; train 3 minutes.
$3,000—3 ri-imr,; 4'- acres: head of the Cascades;
charming place ; plenty water; fine view.
$2,5OC — C rooms and bath; lot 140x2C&: sun all
day; M minutes train; rent furnished
$3i; tlecant place.
$2,500— S rooms and bath; main thoroughfare:
suitable for l>i>arding-ho_Bo or 2 fam-
ilies; $30 unfurnished; 5 minutes to
train. -
$2,5C0— Cottage, 3 rooms; lot 50x300; creek run-
ning through; Millwood station.
$_,S00— 5 njorr.s and bath: lot £0x150; 32 fruit
tre«»s: furnished: bargain.
$2,000—4 rooms and bath; lot 50x130; near
Episcopal and other churches.
$2,C00 — 4 room;-; lot 69xl.'.O; unfurnished; red-
wood trees: $12 p*r month.
Jl. 710— Small cottHE:c-; large lot: flne view.
$1.500 — 5 rooms and bath: large lot: redwood*:
$1.4C0 — I rooms and bath; lot SOxlSO: sun all
day; fine view; 2 minutes from Mill-
wood station; partly furnisher! : rent $20.
JSOO — i rooms and bath; lot. 50x110: near
FChocl: rent $15; partly, furnished.
$7T-0— 3 rooms; lot 30x1(0; furnished; $20; S
minute* to train.
$450—4 rooms; pmall lot; on county road;
derxTt 5 minutes; $10; unfurnished.
Choice unimproved lots and acreage at froir.
f30Q it.
Fine furnished cottages and houses from $25
to tl<X> r*r .month.
S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and Insurance,
Mill Valley. Cal.
MILL VALLEY" HOUSES TO LET.
6 MONTHS or more, residence 12 rooms, mod-
ern improvement?. Ftab'.e. convenient to de-
pot, orchard ; also flat. 7 rooms, stable, large
rround*. conveniently located. Apply P. !
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal. I
MATTI-KS8ES AXIJ I'PHOLSTEKV.
MATTRESSES and upholat7ryT^eTT^outh^92:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh et.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
aJONTEZUMATcOPPER STOCKS —~
are celling la
Increasing amount each
succeeding month. Knowing
them to offer the best investment
on the market, and that the
properties and the MOXTEZUMA COMPANY
will bear the most critical
Inspection, our Mr. Thompson
has gene to Washington to
arrange for an early rummer excursion
to the mines (copper and coal)
In the Mt Rainier region. We
hope to make this excursion
FREE to stockholders. File
your application now and .
particulars will be mailed
as soon as arrangement.
¦re completed.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND THUST
COMPAXT,
Selling Agents,
310 Safe Deposit Building. San Francisco.
MINES bought and 6old; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor. P.irrott bldg: 10-12; 1-3.
MOXBYcTO^ LOAy3^^^|:
EASTERN and Ixwal Capital to Loan.
City and County Iteal. Estate
..... Bonds Chattels Corporations ....
....AH Kinds of Business Bought and Sold...:
¦ Investment. Securities
...Agents for City and Country Real Estate...
Miring and Oil Brokern
MONTGOMERY & CO.. 7C9-710 Emma
Spreokels Building. 927 Market Ft.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with Rtrangem
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Iloom 16. lPt floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
AXY amount at 6 per cent: Bret, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacle* bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing buslneee else-
where. R.McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84? Market
ft. ; tel. Main 1644. Uranch 19 Third «t. "
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Iloom S. Conservatory bldg., 201 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, nllver. diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Ft., room 68.
!% on furnttore and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY to loan by private party: any security;
reasonable Interest. Box 2GC9, Call office.
MONEY loaned salaried peoplewlthoutsecurlty.,
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
$100,000 TO loan en real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldjr.VCo.. 222 Sansome, r. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried peopleon note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or tn-
• dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan big.'
PERSONALS.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslnr, hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country orders.' GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
GOOD home open for healthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. t021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists. '
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural o.Ior : $1; at all druggists.
•'PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELXr-Offlee andresldence!
102H. Market at., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; eee
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
KEAL ESTATE CITY KOR SALE).
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
$14,000—8 flats; Sutter St., near Webster; rents
for $105; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; flne investment.
$S0CO— Valencia st., near Fourteenth; lot 50x
100 feet to twenty-foot street In rear; terms,
$35C0 cash, balance on bank mortgage at 6 pe-
cent.
$3110— Florida St.; near TWenty-flfth: lot 27x
100 feet, with house. of 2 flats; rents $27 60; you
can pay $500 cash, balance In monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less if desired.
$3300— Lot and imps. ; north line of Washing-
ton St., near Leavenworth: sold to close estate.
We have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at office.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker sts.; 25x96:1014;
facing Park Panhandle.
$3750— Ninth st., near Bryant; lot 25x100 feet;
cheap.
*10,500 — Liberty st., near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill ot the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$2000— Weet line Church St., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15; modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$20.000— Reduced from $25.COO; north side Sac-
ramento st., near Van Ness ave.; flne resi-
dence; large lot, 68:9x127:8^.
$1350— Price reduced from $2350; modern cot-
tage on Second ave., near Point Lobos: 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x120 for $2760.
$5000— Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Broderick; rents $7S EO; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750 — Marine view; corner of Vallejo st., near.
Jones; S4;6 front; improvements rent for $21.
$12.500— NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modem
residence, 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; I
bedrooms; lot 33:£x95.
$22.500— California and Octavla sts. ; SE. cor.;
flne residence lot; building now on lot to be
removed; size CS:9xl37:6.
$8250— Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms: first floor
has hardwood floors throughout: finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:4Hxl27:8Vi; flne
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
: of 9 rooms and bath; completely furnished; lot
35xlS6:3, to rear street. i
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. GC7 Market st.
$3750— O'Farrell St.; large lot; 3 cottages; rents
$40: a snap.
$3250— Two flats. 5 rooms each; rent $30; within
one block of Market et.
$2800— Sacramento St.. east of Powell; rents
$25; one tenant 10 years.
$5500 — Corner, 40x90, with good 10-room house;
Hyde st. ' ¦
$7500— Elegant new flats, east of Van Ness
ave. ; rents $72. . ' .
$7E00— 241 Castro St., corner Sixteenth; flne 10-
room residence; elegant appointments through-
out; grand view; lot 30x100.
$S500— McAllister Et. ; rents $S5: great bargain;
must sell. . . y
$30C0— Three R-.room modern flats; rented low,
$85; near Leavenworth st.
$3300— Business property; Ninth St., near Mis-
sion: rent" $45. !
$11,000— Store and two strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 rooms: north of Market st.
$12,500— Leavenworth St.; rents $105; lot 55-foot
front.
$14,000— Grand Investment of 4 brand-new
flats; rented for $120; near Van Ness and Golden
Gate aves.; larce lot. »
J21.000 — Eight grand flats, 5 and 6 rooms; near
Jones St.; lot 75x137; pays 10 per cent. *
$28.CCO— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats: rents ?250.
$38,000— Mlsslon-et. corner, 170x160; actually
worth fuo.OCO; must sell at once.
$4C.C00— Corner, Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents f24O.
$55.000— Grand corner: 60-foot front: few blocks
from Orpheum: pays «per cent net. "* ~ - -
$75.000 — Grand corner; 60-foot front; within a
block of Tivoli; old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains. ¦ : .
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C Market st.
SEE OUR NEW SUNSET BLOCKS.
Cheapest and choicest lots ever offered.
On Seventh. Eighth, N:nth avenues and K St.
$S00, $G5oTo $750.
Only $50 down, $10 monthly.
AH graded, ready to build, on. Splended view of
Park and Ocean.
•Don't miss this opportunity for bargains.
Sunset branch office. Ninth avenue, near H
street. Open every day and Sunday.
$400 to $750— Choice Richmond lots— $10 monthly.
$75. $100 to $350: best Ocean boulevard lots; $5
monthly; select them now.
$100— Mission lots, near cars; $3 monthly.
«
$7D0. $1000 to $2500; modern cottages: Sunset.
Richmond or Mission; all bargains; easy
terms.
SOL GETZ &• BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle bulldlne.
FOR SALE. BY BURNHAM & MARSH C ).
BEAUTIFUL HOME AT SACRIFICE.
$12,000 — Elegant northwes*. corner of 14 rooms
and bath; furnace and all modern Improve-
ments; on panhandle of Golden Gate Park.
$11,500 RENT $80. .....
Large corner on Hyde St.. 50x137:6; only part-
ly Improved; room for 3 more flats.
$125.000— MARKET-ST. PROPERTY!!
Near Third st. ; never so cheap and never had
better future: on 10 years' lease; pays 6 per
cent gross; for few days only.
GRAND CORNER!
. $18,500— Golden Gate ave. not far from Van
Ness: large lot, store and 4 flats; rent $145 a
month.
FORCED SALE.
$3000 — Rent $30 a month; 3-story building anl
lot near Union and Hvde transfer point; must
Bell; no reasonable offer refused.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Mont_T>mery st.
THEY are going; only '3 left of those elegant
houses on Clayton St.. south of Frederick;
can be bought on easy terms; transfer to
Maeonlc-ave. car, get off at Carl st. Sec
owner on premises or J. ENGLISH, 11 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ . .
$37:0— THREE elegant flats, new; rents $30 per
month; paying almost 11 per cent.
$9000— Another good buy; 3 modern flats,
. near the park; Income $?5 per month.
$3700 — Modern 9-room bouse. Cole st. ; one-
fifth cash.
$4500— House 7 rooms, large lot; Bush st. "
$4000— House 6 rooms, modern; Bhrader nt. ;
terms.
S10OO— A very chenp lot; G. G. ave.: 23x100.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$3250— PACIFIC ave. lOt. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market rt.
$2750— WESTERN Addition; 6-room house and
lot- $5«0 each, balance 'ike rent. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. «« Market Et.
$4S00-KROADWAY. north Fide; grand view;
cheapest good lot on Pociflc Heights.' THE !
MCCARTHY. CO:. M6 Market rt..
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate ana General Land
•| i •¦•'" . Agent, S24 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.: must be sold: 80x111 feet.
? IC00— North line Carl Bt.; near Stanyan; 2Sx
137:6 f eet. . ¦ _^^
LOTS on Palmer, Laidley and Mateo fits., from
25 to 100 feet frontage; also a garden, 100x100; i
well, trees, etc. ; the above will be sold at a
reasonable figure; owner wishes to leave the
city.* Apply 1SS Laidley st.. corner ..Falr-
mount; San Mateo cars.
MODERN cottages and flats' built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBUItY,
-builder; office 1223 Market »t. , . •
FOR' sale et a bargain— That elegant new 10-
room house, 775 Cole St.; elegantly decorated;
= open dally. - '-
$3500— FINE sunny lot on Devlsadero «t.. close
to Jackson. Apply to O. H. UMBSEN A CO.
FOR th" best located lots In Richmond nnd the
cneapest call on W. J.\Gunn, 530 California.
MUST sell — 2 choice level lots near cars $123
. each. Thistleton. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
IF you have lots to sell north of the' Park, •:
.then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
:S*>7 WASHINGTON 8T. V ,
' $48Mi; must be sold : on account of departure;
»>ouse of 7 rooms and ; bath ; , lot 23x127:8%. . '
HEAL ESTATE CITY-— FOR SA*_B.
BALDWIN & HOWEXU
10 Montgomery Street.
If you think of buying or selling real estate
of any description It will positively be to yonr
decided advantage to write or call upon ua
before making, the transaction.
Lot of land containing 67,400 square feet,
every inch covered with massive brick and
stone 3-story and basement building, sultabl*
for storage, warehouse or factory purposes, lo-
cated In block bordering on dock and water
front: close proximity to railroad terminal;
leased for 15 years, paying 5 per cent net above
all expenses. Asking $230,000.
¦Downtown clear-cut modern 6-story and base-
ment brick building, «-ented under Ion* lea**
(secured) at $10,000 per annum; property perfect
In every detail. • Asking $140,0W)
Crosstown retail store property; Polk st.. Iri
the heart of the best business section: extra
large frontage; substantial 3-Btory frame build
ing; contains two stores and two- bay-window
floors above; rents 15 per cent per annum.
Asklns $_5,00O.
Residence of 9 rooms and bath: lot 26x127 :SVi:
on Washington et., near Webster; owne,r aii_,-
lous to sail. Asking $7500.
Rents $1230 per annum; 3 elegant, new. sub-
stantially built flats, with every convenience,
on Jackson, between Lar!<m and Polk: contain-
ing 7 and 8 rooms and bath ea^h; lot 25x127:8%;
owner must sell; going to Kurope; a perfectly
safe investment. ¦ Asking $13,500.
Vermont St., near Mariposa; cottaze and
basement; coet $3000 to build; lot 25x100; owner
wants money; must sell. Asking $2100.
Here is large returns for yrur investment: ex-
tra lot. 42x75; well improved and always rent-
ed; only 2uO feet from corner of Sixth, and Mis-
sion sts.; rents $S5i per year. Asking $7750.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
" • 10 Montgomery Street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery »t ,
are offering on easy terms, $10 per month, in-
terest 6 per cent; level building lots on H st,
and Nineteenth ave. boulevard; fronting Gold-
en Gate Park; a errand garden at your, rr->nt
door; an ideal twentieth century home loca-
tion; Kllls-st. electric ccrs passing the prou-
erty: lots level and ready- for building: street!
on ofTlclal grade and macadamized: plai k
sidewalks; traa. water and mail service: if
you Intend to build and have not sufficient
money at present we will advance to you for
that purpose; take a trip out and see the
neat, new and pretty homes built and being
built on this property. We have a branch of-
fice for your convenience and where you can
obtain all further informat'on, and a horse
and bug_ry with attendant at your disposal, at
the corner of H »t. and Ninth ave.. south of
Golden Gate Park: open every day, Sundays
and holidays; don't delay, but interest your-
self In a home lot at once.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Street.
$560 EACH— Owner must sell; one or more $750
lots sacrificed for $550 each; 26x114; Elizabeth
st., near Diamond; a desirable place for a
home; good chance for builder and contractor.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
___________________ __
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market Strtet.
BARGAINS.
$20,000— Broad way-st. corner; lot 137:*!xl37:6
feet, with residence of 10 rooms. 2 flats and
a cottage: but half of the ground is improved;
this is a bargain and a good Investment; pays
well.
$15,000— Powell St., near Sutter: lot 32x77 feet,
with horse and 2 flats: renting for $30 per
month; mortgage for $5000 can remain.
$12,000— Ninth St., near Howard; lot 37:6x100
feet, with 2-story building; rents for $S5 per
month.
$12. COO— Ellis st., north side, near Gough; lot
4Cxl27:S% feet.
$11,000— Sutter st., north side, between Fill-
more and Stelner; 3 flne flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; rents for $32 50 per month; lot 25:1s
127:6 feet; fine Income on investment.
$15.000 — Broadway St., north side; fashionable
neighborhood; lot 27:6x137:6 feet, with flne resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath.
$10,5CO— Post at/, near Taylor: lot 20x60 feet,
with old improvements; rents for $47 per month.
$10,(K.O— Lot and improvements on Harrison
Et. ; store and flats above; rents for $S4 per
n:onth.
$S50C— California St., near Buchanan; lot 27:8x
Ii2:6 feet, with house of 9 rooms and bith.
$SOCO— Lot 50x104 feet on 54th st.. near Bryant:
1 dwelling of 13 rooms and 2 flats; rents for
$C5 per month.
$7CCC— Howard-st. house of 8 rooms and bath;
large lot 50x122:6 feet.
$70CO— 16th st.; lot 25x100 feet, with 3 flats of
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents for $60
per month.
$5600— Masonic ave.: brand-new house of 10
rcoms and bath; modern in every respect; lot
25x100 feet; sold at a bargain.
¦ $6500— Clayton st.; lot 25x112:6 feet, with flne
l.i use of 11 rooms and bath; cost $10,500; must
be fold at once.
$6500— San Jose ave.: lot 32x90 feet, with 6
rmall flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents for
$51 per month.
$l?0O — Sacramento st., near First ave. ; lots
2:xi27:S',i feet; sold at a bargain and on easy
terms.
Richmond District lots ready to build on
from $«00 to $1000 each; sold for cash or on in-
stallments.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOT &
SONNTAG.
LTON & HOAG.. 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$7,000— Rents $75; brand new building on FiU-
more St.. containing- 2 flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath, and also 2 rooms fin-
ished in attic; key lot. 25x113; flats are
built in latest style; kitchen in center;
¦ splendid view.
S12.7DO only — Fine investment: rents $122 50: 3
handsome flats; almost new; containing
7 and 8 rooms and bath each; large key
lot; sun and light can never be obstruct-
ed: located in best renting section of
Western Addition close to town; thla
Is the biggest bargain on the market;
a safe and profitable investment.
$4 ; S00— New 2-story residence containing 7
rooms and bath; select part of the
Western Addition; flne marine view;
street accepted: terms can be arranged
If desired; finished In latest style with
all medern Improvements and conveni-
ences. •
$1,800— Cheap lot: Baker st., between Golden
Gate ave. and McAllister St.: 25x96:10.
$1,700— Nice bay-window cottage en Elsie St..
near Mission and Cortland ave.; 5 rooms
and bath; $300 cash, balance $15
monthly.
GREAT BARGAIN!
$3,500— $K<X> cash, balance monthly: Presidio
Heights residence; Laurel St., near Sac-
ramento; Hi-story house. 6 rooms, bath:
10-foot basement: lot Kxll2:S.
$2,500— Bay-window cottage on Hampshire st.,
near Twentieth: 5 rooms, bath and high
basement: S10CO cash, balance monthly.
CHOICE MODERN FLATS.
$3,500— Rents $87 50; close to Panhandle; three
handsome flats; lot 27:SxlOO; ; a good
steady investment.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST
SELLING FAST
?27W) to $2950, on easy terms: beautiful new
homes on Missouri St.. near Eighteenth; 12
houses are being built; S are already sold; only
4 left; positively best homes ever offered for
the money; they are built to Improve the sur-
rounding property and are being sold at actual
cost.
Let' 25x100; street graded, sewered and mac-
adamized; gas, water and sewer connections
made; lot fenced; houses contain 5 and 6
rooms, poTPlaln bath. 2 closets; finished base-
ment; elegant mantels; rooms tinted; In every
reupcct a complete, flr^t-class home.
Terms — $60O cash, balance in 6 years, on easy
monthly payments; interest at 6 per cent.
See these houses TO-DAY- Take the Eighth-
ct. electric cars (Market-sL line transfer) and
ask the conductor to let you off at Missouri
st. : houses open for Inspection.
REAL.ESTATE t DEVELOPMENT CO.._
Owners.
LYON & HOAG. Agents.
Hi Montgomery st.
WKSTI-RN ADDITION LOTS.
?12."iO nnd upward — Choice lots in the Plxley
block, bounded by Fillmore, Stelner, Green
and Union sts.; nearly half the lots are already
sold; new houree going up; flne marine view;
cheapest lots in the Western Addition; streets
accepted;. choice lots for home sites; choice lots
on which to build flats; in close proximity to
the most fashionable residence section of the
city. LYON & HOAG. Agents.
lit Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO.. . ~
133 Montgomery st.
S63.COO— Very large corner on Sutter »t.; 3
frontages: perfect location for private
hotel .or physician's builJim;.
$40, 0CO— Business building; large lot half block
from , Kearny st. ; pays handsomely;
offer wanted to c!o*» an estate.
J3J.I0O— Large Mission corner; improved with
Mats and rtores: pays 10 per cent.
$2t,0CO — Very large South Beach lot: 3 frent-
aires aggregating 712 feet: splendid lo-
cation fcr manufacturing or storage;
adjoining block Standard Oil Company's
propei ty.
$2S,0CO— Beale *t.: briek Improvements; flrst-
olass tenant: nets over « p?r cent: sur-
'_. rcur.dod by the recently erected costly
improvements.
JIO.OCO— Rartlctt-st. residence of 9 rooms and
¦ bath: r_*autiful garden and lawn; large
let CSxll7:« feet.
.RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
;fi';[- ' 133 Montgomery > t.
$1200— CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable: well of water
produces 1CC0 gallons per day; street accepted
bv city;- cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance; part cash.. Call immediately en H.
:W. DAVIS, 413 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchea.
$27C0— $2300— 6-ROOM houees <o'n easy terms),
with cpen plumbing: ston* walks: decorate!
all through; on Liberty ei.. ne_r Castro. i.n>i
Elizabeth st., n°ar Douzlass. Owner arid
builder. J.; AN PERSON. 818 Elizabeth st.
IF you want a nice 4-room cottage on easy
I terms ' look at that, new , on? on Folsom - and
Stoneman sts." ¦ ¦ .:
REAL KST*ATl_— CITV FOU 9 ALEX.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET 8T-
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION!
ENTIRE WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK
AT ONE-HALF VALUE.
Adjoining property sold last week for dou-
ble our asklns price. 273x412:* feet. Thlrty-
i eight Western Addition lots; level and ready
i for building; 2 car lines. One-quarter cash.
| balance at 5 per cent; fronting on Laguna. at.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Northwest corner on one of the best
business streets, 100x123 feet: Improve-
ments. 4 stores, flat. 4 large house.-t;
rents $-60 monthly.
SNAP.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3.500 — 2 beautiful modern flats,' 7 and S rooms
and bath; round bay-windows; fres-
coed walls, elegant woodwork; on one
of best streets in Western Addition;
rents $960 per annum: cars pa*s.
SNAP IN THE MISSION.
$3,5C0— Northeast corner on Twenty-first at,
near Mission: 3 fine bay-windowed
houses of i rooms and bath; alway*
rented fcr $340 per annum; make offer.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
MUST BE SOLD.
$3,000 — Large elegant residence of 9 rooms and
bath; one block from Panhandle; ce-
ment sidewalks; strtet biturnlnlreJ;
cars pass; can arrange terms.
CHEAPEST PROPERTY SOUTH OF MAR-
KET ST.
$5,000— Must be sold to satisfy mortgage: 3
elegant bay-window flats: almost new;
always rented $53 per month; Minna su
PRICE $5Oi5O— RENTS $«34.
EVERY FLAT RENTED.
$3,000^ — 6 flats of 4 roorss: first -class condi-
tion; brick foundation; improvements
cost more than price asked.
BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$3,000— Pretty Western" Addition home of I
rooms and bath: porcelain tub*; tiled
mantels; elegantly decorated walls;
brick foundation: bitumen street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ACO..
«2S Market st.
AUCTION.
Auction.
Auction.
Auction.
Auction.
TUESDAY. MARCH 13TH. 190J,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market *_>
CALIFORN7.A-ST. RESIDENCE LOT.
North line California st., 200 feet wast of
Gough. 60x137:6 feet. In subdivisions; 2 ele-
gant residence Iota on sunny side California
St.; surrounded by elegant residences; magni-
ficent view of city; the only unimproved prop-
erty for sale In this section of the city.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
North line Vallejo St., 110 feet west of Ba-
ker; 100x137:6 feet, in subdivisions: these ele-
gant lots have an unobstructed view of the
Golden Gate. etc. ; street work done, sewered,
etc.; easy terms.
ELLIS-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1221 Ellis st., near Octavla; front house.
8 rooms and bath; rear flat and stable; rents
$55; double frontage; lot 23:9x120 feet.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side Mission st., 90 feet north of Four-
teenth; east side Woodward ave., 99 feet north
Fourteenth st.; 4 choice business sites fronting
I on Mission st. and 4 elegant residence sites on
Woodward ave.. within a few feet of two
transfer points; Mission st. lota 22xlC0. Wood-
ward ave. lota 25x70 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
Nos. 3674-76-78 Nineteenth St.. near Guer-
rero; 3 fine well built flata of 5. 5. 6 rooms and
bath; always rented at $53; lot 23x100 feet,
RARE INVESTMENT— EAST OF LARKIN ST.
Nos. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 Cohen place, near E!ll»
St.: 8 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rented
very low at $131 per month; lot 83x56 feet.
POWELL-ST. CORNER.
Southeast corner Pacific and Powell sts. :
3-story and basement building; liquor storw
and basement, shoemaker's shop, barber shop,
lodging house; 19 rooms; total rent $100 per
month ; 3 frontages.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 213 Halght st.. near Laguca: large ele.
gant residence. 11 rooms and bath: servants*
room, laundry, etc.: stable: driveway; (In*
view front and rear; lot 40xl37:« feet; $7000
can remain. -
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest corner Bryant and Zoe sts.: S
i stores and 2 Cats of 3 rooms on Bryant St. :
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; total rents
I $S6; $40*); bank mortgage can remain; 23x30.
¦ LARKIN-ST. CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner Larkln and Greenwich
sts.; 46:9x93 feet; fine corner lot; unobstructed
marine view.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
No. 811 Point Lobos ave.. near Parker ave.;
2 stores and S rooms; rents J45: 50x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C39 Market at.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNLV STREET.
IMPROVED.
$1S.Q0O— Broadway, near Mason: M:4>.xl37:6:
3 new flats and rear house: rents $143.
$12.C00— Union St.. near Taylor; 25:3x123:3; t
modern flats and rear house: rents $99 50.
$7000— Teharoa St.. near Fourth; 45x70; two
2-?tory houses; rents $6o.
*w500— Buchanan, near Post; 24x57:6; bouse of
7 rooms and bath; rent $35. ¦
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cottane and 2 Cats; rent $41.
$4250— Harriet, near Bryant; 25x75; S-story
building; rents $40.
$o730— Jones, near Vallejo; 43:10x5S:9; 4 flats;
rents $4i> 50.
S2fiD0 — Stanford, near Townsend: 25x30; house
of 10 rooms and bath: stable: rents $23.
UNIMPROVED.
$IS.CCO— Union, near Mason; 93:«xl37:«.
$55CO— Greenwich St.. near Taylor; 45:10x137:4.
Cor. Folsom and 20th: 35x122:6;. must be sold;
offer wanted.
y.nco— Polk St., near Chestnut: 1C7:6xS7:«.
UVA— Corner Howard and 15th; 27:6x82:1
$3300— Fulton St.. near Fillmore: «.«x_27:«.
$3000— Laguna St.. near Page: 25x100.
Sftvo—stelni-r St.. near Waller; 24x81.
$27C0— 19th ft., near Howard: 40xG0.
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores; 28:6x100.
$2<X.0— Waller st., near Stanyan: 25x100.
$l_i0 each— Dolores, near 30th; 25x100; 2 lot*.
A— SNAP— $5100: 33 Hill St.. near ' Guerrero:
beautiful Eawtlake home, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry, high basement, brick foundation;
fine lot, 23x114.
$C£0— Thirteenth, near Howard: * flats, 4. 5.
S rooms and bath; rents $42: 30x79.
$52-0 — Market, near Church: 7 roomn and
bath: 2^x115; mortgage $30<iO at 6 per cent.
loOOO— Bread way. near Octavla; 25x130; •
rooms and bath; part cash.
$4250— Tenth, near Howard; 7 rooms and
bath: 25xlC-:_.
13300 — Natoma. near Sixth; double house; •
rooms each; rents $32; 2Sx'»0.
!32oO— Twenty-first, near Valencia; choice lo-
cality: S rooms end bath; 23x115.
$2T.0O— For i» lots In S. S. F.. near el-ctrla
JISOO— t>ol_re». nr. 22d: 3O:«xll7:6. to alley.
$1250— Bryant, nr. 13th: 25x100: bitumen.
$1200- Whitney, nr. 30th; 50-123: on grade.
Sizn— Four lots In University Extension.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 119 Montgomery st.
HAWKS * SKELTON. ~ ~
Rents collected and entire charge taken ot
property.'
$6 £00— rottage and flaU: O'Farrell street,
near Buchanan; rent $50: *nod Investment.
J3.2S0 — Flat*: Hartford, near Castro and
Twentieth streets; 4 and 5 room- and bath;
rents $330 per annum; many new houses build-
in*: near by.
V'.W**— Clay, rear Leavenworth: • room*:
may tr.ke le«_.
J2.C00 each— Lots. Green street, near Hyde-
Street car*.
Old Pioneer Hall on Montgomery St.. corner
Gold near Jackson; can b« repaired for a
few thousand; will pay well: good place for
$5.5C0-^Plne. near Van Ness ave.: lot 2Sxl-0;
this J* a bargain to build flats on.
HAWKS & SKELTON. S3 Montgomery st.
I JOHN PFORR.*13 Pine st.. near Montgomery.
*22 500— A splendid bargain on CFarrell _t-
$lH i m«_-Kfnt $1560 per annum: a. fine business
property: 2 stores and flats; lot 40x120; on J
* $ r u!cco-Rent $14M per annum; large corner
property stores and flats.
14,000— Make offer; rent S3SS per annum; 1 fln«
! flats on Folsom st.. nr. Fourth: alwaya rented,
i $70,000-A centrally located property; a bar-
! cottage, and lot KW ft front by 3J:S
' ft. depth: on Eddy St., near Scott.
! KTiC— Rent *ES3 per annum: a fine i-story
• hocse. store and 2 flats upstairs: on Geary St..
nf*r Flllmnre. «.-.__,
i MOOfl-Credtt sale cf a Park Panhandle prop-
i ertv on Oak st.. n*ar Central ave.; fine eotta«»
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 2T.xllO.
7 j RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents.
112 Montgomery st.
1 • M230— Silver »t.. near Third: large lot Tl:H
x5O- hou«>i» of 11 room*: paying 11 per cent
per' -annum; If remodeled Into flats would
double the income.
A. J. RICH ft CO.. 112 Montgomery «t-
, BCNJ. H. LICHTENSTE1N. 1» Grant ave..
Rlythe buildin". cTrm 3 flats and stor* oa
i Howard st.; _ barcalo^
For Additional Classlflsd Advertl»e-
i ments See Paga Thirty.
BIDSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
ANY cerson havlnff use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most Te-
llable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
OUR advice to-day is short and to the point-
Buy now. Buy from us. Buy a Decker &
Son If you can afford it. If you cannot, then
buv a Packard. Baumelster. Smith & Barnes
or a WUlard piano. We sell on easy pay-
ments If you do not want to pay cash.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26,
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
nnd prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing: possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
A STORAGE auction pta.no sale; 21 fine pianos.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted "to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market St.
THIS week only, we offer ten new pianos
(samples) at half price to close them out.
THE J. DEWING CO., 12 Flood building.
A FEW new pianos for $150: second
hand from $20. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckertng and Vose agency.
50 UPRIGHTS; all makes: $75 up; rent $3, al-
. lowed If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st. . #
$80 — Fine Stelnway pquare; good order. Swelt-
zer'e. 37 Cotter; Mission ru\. nr. 5-mile house.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. KHUKNN. 208 Post st.
FINE standard upright piano, also parlor set;
eacrince; leaving. 324 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT, Fmall square, $35. 11 Avery St., bet.
Geary and Po»t. Fillmore and Steln*r.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new: must be sold. 3^1 Jones Rt.
CLOSING out rtock of elegant pianos: send
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman. Con-
over nnd others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spcilman pianos, 808 Post.
AT KEEFFE"S. 933 Market Ft., 4 elegant up-
rlehts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR, violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cali,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICKS AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store—West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.: occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent $20: waUr free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORE or factory; large yard: 7000 feet; Mis-
sion and Jessie sts., bet. First and S«cond.
Apply MADISON & BURKE or 5S5 Mission.
LARGE elegant store: cement basement; 9J3
Valencia St.. near 21st.; will make any neces-
Eary alterations of front or interior to suit
good tenant.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
SEC. 24. 28. 20— McKlttrlck patented landiwlll
sell 160: right on oil trend and has great pros-
pective value; owner needs money. F. R.
GRANNIS. 232 Montgomery st.
A CHOICE piece of proven oil land in the Kern
River district ; splendid chance for an lnve«t-
ment. Leonard & Leonard, 205 Montgomery.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. " TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st. ~~~~
MEMBER PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & F.ath. 30» Sixth; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H?TER^iM~_rT^_SEirLT^c7entlflc palm 1st, 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— J1000 cash; established
cigar factory; no experience; full value. Call
or ed,iress SCHMIDT'S Pharmacy. 542 Krny.
WANTED — Partner:, new specialty to put. on
sale; IVA> required. Address box 2195, Call.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE tree: no charge unless euccensful.
CiKO. P. CAMPBELL. Lnwyer. Kxn miner Mg.
PERSONAL'S;
THE Star Hair Remedy Is smaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and Itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your drug-pict or hair-
dresser cannot supply you, call at G56 Geary
Bt. or 305 Lark!n *t. Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there is none so good. The
Star Remedy Co., San Francisco.
A— IF your hair Is falli-ig or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORK, 4SS Geary st., and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy la posi-
tively guaranteed; call or send for circular.
IF you wish to be successful In all your affairs
and bring health, happiness, love and ail that
is guod within your reach, you must learn
how to Influence people; private instruction.
MRS. C. VALEEN, 215 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— To make the acquaintance; object
marriage; muFt have some money; no ob-
jection to children; a splendid living; send
address: I will come with particulars. Box
2191, Call office.
LADY about 3*>. tall, dark, affectionate, wishes
to meet gentleman of 40 to 50; object, matri-
mony. MIES MAY ROSS, general delivery.
A MAN of 36 desires acquaintance of lady or
widow with home short distance In country;
object matrimony. Box 2640. Call.
KLDERLY eentleman. $150,000. will make
home happy to kind wife. Bona Fide, 771
North Park ave., Chicago, I1L_
DOCTOR, best references, would like acquaint-
ance lady of means; object matrimony. Ad-
dregs box 2178. Call office. * \ j
YOUNG man, 82, wishes correspondence with
young lady; object matrimony. Box 2155, Call.
J. W. KENNA— Sister E. at 540 Ellis Bt.
A GENTLEMAN, a little over 50, unblemished
character, good business and means, wishes
to meet a Protestant lady not over 30 of
means; object, matrimony; no triflers; no ob-
jection to a widow without lncumbrance.
Box 216S. Call office.
WHAT is home without R child? Come and
adopt a fine, healthy, flue-eyed boy baby, of
very intelligent parentage. MRS. { DR.
FUNKE. 1410 Eighth St., Alameda. ' - -
PEOPLE'S Purchasing Agency and Informa-
tion Bureau ; country orders solicited. 211
Examiner bulldins, S.JF\
6O00 GALLONS $2 Fr«*no port wine at $1 per
gallon: 75 capes Johannesbergr champagne,
regular price $16, now $10; fine table claret
S.">c gallon, for 1 week only. Johannesberi?
Wine Vault!*, F. HOLTUM. 517 California Bt.
ALL scalp and hair impurities successfully
treated: hair grown; gray hair restored; fall-
ing hair cured: the best shampoo in town;
consultation free. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 6
Eddy St.. rooms 73. 74.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes. Ilq-
uor. rrorphlne or any other drug; by MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S39 Polk ft.
RAG carpets wove to order and for'sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
CANCER curpd at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer* Institute. 121
' West Forty-second fit.. N. Y. '
DEAFNESS cured or no pay. ,C. ROWAN,
Milwaukee, Wis.
PROF, MERGENIS Mineral Oil and Salve; sure
cure for dropsy, paralysis, rupture: eyesight;
consultation at rooms 8 and 9, 1228 Market St.
JAMES' Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery st.,
room 21; phone Bush 2S9: chajres reasonable.
ELECTRIC IlBht In every room— Winchester
'Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;'
25c to $1 r.o per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggaKK to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron b«ds. single, three-quRrter
or do-Jble. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Ptockton «t.. near Broadway^ ,
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7B. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
FINE nuits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. " MJSF1T
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
$1"WEEKLY; suits to order, from : genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine diejs suits, f 20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
. Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. .RAY, 357 Jessie st.
ASTHMA: sure cure. - MRS., 8. M. LEE. Falr-
oaks. Cal.; route No: 1. ',. y -
M. SAURET. florist ami decorator. Is now at
644 Geary St.; phone 1291. " ' . ... . '
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8ALE3.
•O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
. 14 Montgomery st.
17,250—2 nice bay-window fiats, sunny side of
Pine at., containing 6 and 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $52 50 per month.
Lot 26_137:6.
113,600— S nearly new bay-window flats, sunny
side of Sutter St., containing f and 7
rooms and . bath each, renting for (US
per month.
Lot 25x112.
17,000— Nice residence on Page it of I rooms
and bath; part cash.
¦ Lot 30x137:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
527,500— Mission st, near Third; improvements
of nominal value; lot 34:4%xl60 to rear
street; double frontage; fine business
' location.
$12,000 — Post st., near Powell; 2-story front of
9 rooms and bath and 2 flats on rear
street; Improvements can easily be al-
tered to pay well; lot 22:1L_7O to rear
street.
{9,500 — Paciflc-st. business property, near San-
some; 2 stores; rents low at S50 per
month; lot 44:9x91:8.
INVESTMENTS.
$9,000— Corner on Howard St.; 2 stores with
living rooms and 2 flats of 6 and 5
rooms and bath each; rents $77 50 per
month; lot 44:U%x75:9.
$13,85<r-Post st., Inside of Larkln; three 2-story
and basement houses of 7 rooms anil
bath, each; rents $90 per month; lot 60
feet front.
$3,600— Make an offer; 2 nice flats and cottage
on small street in rear, near Greenwich
and Flilmore sts. ; flats 'containing 5
and 6 rooms and bath each and cottage
of 4 rooms; lot 37:6x120 to rear street;
rents $32 per month; part cash.
$7,600— Hayes st., near Fillmore; 2 flats of 6
and 7 rooms each; rents $30 per month;
mortgage of $5C0O can remain.
$D,00O— Corner, near Haight and Fillmore sts.;
store and 5 fiats; rents $84 per month;
lot '48x51:3.
FLATS.
$S,000— Hyde St., near Sutter; 2 modern flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $50
per month; splendid location; always
rented.
$3,600— Natoma et., near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$43 per month; 23x75.
$7,700— Grove st.: 7 flats: rents $79 60 per
month: lot 23x100; 2 frontages,
f 6,000— Central ave., near the "Park; 2 flats of
C and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $43
per month; 23x106:3.
$4,000 — 3 cozy flats on Guy place, near First
and Harrison sts.; rents $42 per .month;
lot • 25x70.
$3,600— Clementina St.; 6 flats; rents $578 per
annum; 25x73-.
RESIDENCES.
$5,250— Webster Bt., near California; nice 2-
story house of 10 rooms and bath, etc. ;
lot 27:6 feet frcnt.
$4,000— Pine-st. residence of 7 rooms and bath,
etc. ; 25x137:6; mortgage of $2500 can re-
main.
$3, 12&— Buchanan St., near Golden Gate ave.;
2-story residence of 8 rooms and bath.
$7,500— McAlllster-st. residence of 8 rooms and
bath, basement, etc. ; handy to several
car lines; 26:6x100.
$7,000— Geary-et. modern residence of 9 rooms
and bath, etc.; cost over $6000 to build;
SOxm^.
$3,000 — Presidio Heights residence on Clay «t.
of 7 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.; lot 25x102 :8<4. -
$3,200— Larkln st. ; 2-story house of 9 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x
105:9; marine view.
$10,750— Leavecworth St.; 2 modern houses of 8
rooms and bath each; rents $35 per
month; near Washington »t. ; 40:6x137:6.
$3.600— Clay st. ; house of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 27:G_127:SU. This Is a special bar-
gain.
$6,100— Clay st. near Flilmore; house of 9
rooms and bath, laundry; large lot 35x
127:8Vi-
COTTAGES.
$1,900— Bay-window cottage of 5 roomr and
bath; McAllister st., near Golden Gate
Park; let 25 feet front.
$1,300 — Twenty-third Bt; cozy cottage of 3
rooms; 25x114.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County,
He.
• Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit. •
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rftc-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal. '
Splendid home, nearly new, on Pacific
Heights; 8 large rooms, with attic and base-
ment; finely finished throughout; with uninter-
rupted • marine view; price $12,500.
A fine corner lot on Pacific Heights, com-
manding city and marine view; several hand-
some homes are to be immediately erected in
the same block; size 43x100 feet; can be bought
at a bargain.
Two new flats In Panhandle district; 7 rooms
each; rented for $70 monthly; price $7500.
Four flats south of Market St., In good condi-
tion; new plumbing, etc.; rent $10; price $3750.
Large lot, 106x114. In the Mission, with cot-
tage of 7 rooms; reduced to $33X0; a very cheap
buy ; t house stands on 25 feet
Two flats In fine renting location; Just fln-
irhed; 6 and S rooms-; all latest modern Im-
provements; will rent for $50, you can't beat
these flats for the money.
Lots overlooking the Presidio grounds, on
north side of street: only $63 per foot.
Twelve fine building lots in Western Addi-
tion; corner Scott and McAllister sts.; get plat
at office.
A cheap home in the Mission, on Twenty-
third st.; 6 rooms and bath; lot 27 feet front;
only $20C0.
Pacific and Presidio Heights lots. We are
authorized to offer at very reasonable prices
several choice lota In these districts. Call for
list
Only $1500 each— Four lots on Dolores St., be-
tween Liberty and Twenty-first; 25x92:6 each.
Three-room house in South San Francisco;
oi-ly $3f.O; a snap.
• Nine lots at Twenty-fifth and San Bruno sts.,
$W0 and upward; easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
158 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE,
¦; Established January, 1S5S.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of 'property.
626 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
$15,000— Beautiful modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$34C0— Langton st., near Folsom; front and
rtar house; rent $30; lot 23xS0.
$50*^0 — Post st.. near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:0; must be sold to
close estate.
J65C0— Pine s>t.. near Scott; two flats; rents
$C7 60; lot 23x137:6.
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Aj water, tanks, barn and lot 1SSX120. on north
line of - Lombard st., between Flllmor- and
Ptelner; also let 132x120 on Chestnut «t. in
rear: rents $73 per month; must be sold on
ofcount of non-residence.
Mlsslon-nt. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot:
new Improvements, store and flats; rent $110;
price $18.0T0.
$10.500 — Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x90,
with two corners: Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
Junt the place for a grocery.
jsoor>— An elegnnt north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: CCxiO; this Is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
$65C0— Hurh st.. near Webster; 8 rooms and
br.th: elegantly finished interior: 27x100.
J7000— Harriet Bt.. near Howard: lot 60x75.
holding fjontage to Sixth st. ; rent S3_
MADISON & BURKE, 628 Market st. |
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS
We will sell j'ou a new 6-rbom cottager con-
taining everything of the latest: large lot:
gooil neighborhood and only 1 ¦ block from
electric cars: make an appointment; only too
rlad to show it to you.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
LOTS ¦ LOTS ~ »y>T3
From $130 up: $3 monthly, and only 1 block
from 22d-st. rurs: fine neighborhood; grand
view. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
WORKINGMENt— Here is your chance tt own
a house: $1175 n month buys a new 4-room
cottage and 2 lots: la>-ee basement; excellent
loca 1 i ty. OSCA R U EYMAN, 14 Post St.
L. OESTERREICHER. . 117 Sutter St., has the
best bargains for sole.
j4»00 — Grove Ft., near Eaker; 7 rooms, bath,
garden, .etc. ; 22x102:6.
*3i;0— Near Mission and Ninth; 3 flats; rent
$34.
I20.r00— Sutter-i«t. cor.. 87:8x87:6; rent JIM.
- $G'W.O— Washington, near Baker, bny-wlndntv
flats: 5 nnd 6 rooms, bath: rent $.%5; 25x102:6.
•6(Wc Mapon, cor. Vallejo; 30x70; rent $CS-
• Dolores.- near 26th; 23x100; make offer.
J225O— Sixth, near Harrison; 2 fine flats, 11
' rooms, 'bath; ZJxSO; rent ?35.'
$277>— 3 VERT cheap lots . south of the Park:
$275 close to the Park, cost over $500, but must
$275 be sold. ¦ » ¦ .
$180— Another cheap lot. 75xlC0; a corner In
Jl"0 South San Francisco; level, ready for
$190 building: a number of homes th»re already.
. McEWEN DItOS.. US Montgomery at.
jnfOO SOLD to close an estite; Commercial rt., :
closo to Koarny; lot 4 fix CO. Apply to G. II.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. <
jiOCO — MODKRN bay-window house and lot; 7
rooms and bath: brick foundation: .. 10-foot
basement; near 3 car lines; no reasonable
offer * refused: part cash: no agents: house
.open dally till 12. 1504 Church St., nqar 27th. ;
$1CO— 2 LOTP. 23x123 K.VCH: 2 blocks from elec-'
trie care: 4 block- from Ocean View, on north
. side of Lobos st.,.70«» feet east of Plymouth:
ready to build f-n; only 5c carfare; worth $400
'each. DECKER, 1C2U Market st. , ¦:.-•'.
LOT 5^x120 feet; cottage. 3 rooms; price $1000, - .
Lot 2".x75:6:buo. location; cottage. 5 r.; $4000.
Lot 27:frxl37:«: Hastlake cottage: 6 rooms nnd
bath; $5500. Many choice Investment*. Call
. • . G.-.'W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Markc St.. opposite. Mason.
IN Mill Valley; a nice borne for sale cheap on
account of departure.: 626 Turk st. : •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
30
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Sunday), at 10:S0 o'clock, from th* parlors
of A'. W. Martin & Co.. 313 O-Farrell street.
Interment Laurel H1U Cemetery.
SCHUMACHER— In Loa Angeles. March 5.
1;".*1. John William Schumacher, beloved hus-
band of Ella Schumacher, father of Georg«
Schumacher, son of Elizabeth and the lat«
Albert Schumacher, and brother of Toney.
Barbara and Albert Schumacher, a native o£
San Francisco, aged 36 years and 1 month.
IC^Frlends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral to-morrow (Monday), from St- Josoph'a
Church, Alameda. where a requiem, mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:29 o'clock. Interment St. Maxy'a
Cemetery. Oakland. Cal.
SCLLlVAX-ln thia city. March 8. 1901. Tim-
othy Sullivan, belovea uncle of Timothy.
Fannie and the late Florence Sullivan. Mxs.
Thomas Foley and 3lrs. R. J. Courtier, a
native of Dreenb«». GUngariff. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 72 years 11 months and 12 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances an respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from tha residence
of bis nephew, T. Sullivan. 10^4 Laskia
street, off Mission, between Eighth and
Ninth, thenca to St. Joseph's Church. T>ntl\
street, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of hla soul at 19
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TUBIN— In the City and County Hospital
March 9. 1901. David Tubln. a nativ* ot Rus-
sia, aged 26 years.
VARNI— In this city. March 8. 1901. Margaret,
dearly beloved wife of Bartaolemo Varni. and
motner of Jcseoh. Steoben. Jcha and Fred
R. Varni and Mrs. Mary Canepa. a native
of Italy, aged S3 years 3 months and 13 days.
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from hex late resi-
dence. 11 Jasper place, off. Union street. bt«
tween Dupont and Stockton. Interment Kew
Italian Cemetery.
VON GERICHTEN— In Oakland. March »t 1301.
Mrs. Josephine E» von Gerichten, beloved
mother of Fred G.. Ernest A. and G*org-» P.
von Gerichten and Mrs. W. H. Lasse, anl
sister of Mrs. Paul Frtedhofer. a native of
Manhelm. Germany, aged 61 years t month*
and 1 day.
(E^ Friends and aoQualntances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. March 12. at 1 o'clock, at th» reel--
dence of hep daughter. Mrs. "W^H. Lasge.
1283 Eighth street. Oakland. Cremation at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery at »:S9 o'clock Tues-
\VALJ5H-In Oakland. March 8. 19OT. Ellia.
wife of the late James Walsh, and beloved
aunt of Dr. M. J. and Nora Collins, a naUve
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged U years.
CT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence «2« Seventeenth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, whtre senrtoe* will
beheld, thenc* by * o'clock creek boat to
pin Francisco. Interment Mount Calvar*
Cemetery.
CARD 05* THANK3.
The mother, sisters and brothers of the lat*
Andrew Denegrt thank their many frlsnd*
for the kindness and sympathy shown them
In their last bereavement, especially to Mar-
shall Parlor. N ; 8. O. W.. and Golden Star
TOVd ' * MARY DENEORI and Family.
you ought to have
When you buy carptts buy Jthe good
kind — the kind that looks well,
wears well and b made well — tha
only kind we- keep and offer our
customers.
Doesn't cost you x anything to sea
our exclusive styles — In fact we ars
glad to have you come In and ask to
see our new goods. -
House cleaning and moving tlm*
• b coming and you eught to be la* [
terested In good carpets.
215-217 Sutter Street—above Keamy,
-
KNUTSEN— In this city. March 9. 1901, C F.
Knutsen, a native of Norway, aged In yean.
C7 Remains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company. 403 Powell street, near
Post.
LKE— In this city. March S. 1901. FTank A.
Lee, a native, of Massachusetts, aged 44
years.
McKENNA-In this city. March 8. 190L Ber-
nard, dearly beloved husband of Bridget Mc-
Kenna. and father of Nellie. Dan. Mary.
Michael, Francis. Susie and Edward Me-
Kenna, a native of the parish of Maghera.
County Londonderry, Ireland, aged 83 years 7
' months and 26 days.
ryFriends an( j acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undeitakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Francis Church for
services, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEDAU— In this city. March 8. 1901. Laella.
G., youngest and beloved daughter of Albert
.P. and Ttllie Augusta Medau. sister of Flor-
ence J. Medau. and granddaughter of Mrs.
J. E. Wllkens and Louts Wagner, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 8 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 4&0A Eighteenth street, 'be-
tween Danvers and Hattie. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
O'LEART— In this city. March 7. 1901. DennH
O'Leary, beloved brother of the late Julia
O'Leary, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
a;cd 47 years.
£7*Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from -the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brlgld's Church. Broadway anl
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
*.nil. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
PICONfc'O— In this city. March 6. 1901. John
E.. doarly beloved husband of Florence K.
Plconso. son of lJartolomeo and Louisa Plo-
onso, and brother of Roue and Lawrence
IMconso and Mrs. A. M. Parry, a native of
New York, aged 25 years » months and 9
days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lat« resi-
dence, 4S7 Filbert street, thence to Garibaldi
Hall. Intermtnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city. March 9. IDOL Helen
Frances, beloved wife of W. L. Pierce, and
mother of Mrs. L. R. Works and Oral Plerca.
a native of Concord. N. H.. aged 43 year*
and 4 months.
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March 12. at 10 o'clock, from St. Paul's Epis-
copal Church. California street, near Fill-
more. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
•POGGI— In Napa, March », 1901. Thomas.
dearly beloved son of Mrs. Rosa Poggi Cuneo.
and brother of Mrs. X>. M. Shafer. Mrs. Jo-
seph Losran, Charles Cuneo and the late
Steve Poggl. a native of Marlposa, Cal., aged
SS years and 8 months.
K7Notice of funeral hereafter.
Rr><3S_In this city. March 7. 1901. Del!*, be-
loved wife of the late Thomas Ross, and
mother of Mrs. J. C. Henderson of New
York, the late John E. Rom. the late Eliza-
beth Ross. Mrs. John C. Clark and Lucy A.
C7 ; Frfends'"a > re respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), from her
late residence. 931 Halght street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SAKAGACHI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal March ». 1901. Henry Sakagachi. a na
tlve of Japan, aged 33 years.
RTHAVFER- In this city. March 8. 1901.
O Schaefer. dearly beloved father of
Mary C. Schaefer. a native of Baltimore.
Md. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
ETFTlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at U
o'clock from his late residence. 791 Sutter
st«et thence to Shlels building. 32 O'Farrell
l\J£t where services will be held under the
auspice^ of Union Lodge No. 1895. K. of H.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
THE officers and members of Union Lodge
No lSS>5v Knights of Honor, are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late re-
porter" Brother C. G. Schaefer. this day
Tciundav) at 11 o'clock, from the lodgeroom.
• (8unda THOMAS U TOMLINSON. Dictator.
GEORGE J. VINCENT, Acting Reporter.
The officers and members of the Grand
Lodge. Knights of Honor, are fraternally in-
vited to attend.
The officers and members of the Past Dic-
tators 1 / Association are fraternally invited to
attend. ' *£.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will please as-
semble - at their ball. 24 Fourth street,
this day (Sunday >. at 10 o clock sharp, to
attend the - funeral of our late brother,
Charles G. Schaefer. By order
STEPHEN- BUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Secretary.-
SCHRADER— In Vallejo. March 8. 1901. Charles
Benard Bchrader. beloved husband of Alice
Schrader, and son of the latt Charles Schra-
der. a native of New York, aged 83 years 2
•-¦ months and 1 day. (New York and Chicago
papers please copy.).
- C7FTlends and acauaintancef art respect-
lir.AL ESTATE COCXTflV — For Sal*
O. H. UMDSEN * CO..
14 Montgomery »t.
t?S?O— S7 tcr»» slightly roll lr.g • land between
ps.r:t •..*¦* acd Ixw Gatoa; 16H acres la becrlcs
*; r..v.» and muses; * barrmJn-
|l«0O— 6 acres, tv» mllea e&st cf Napa: house
c'. 4 rooms, hard finished; rood barn and out-
bulletins a; all fenced; one-half In alfalfa; one
of the Cseat cLlckrn rarichm In Napa.
JS500— 60 a.ore« adjoining Sonoma; 55 acres In
full bearing; resistant vines: all fenced; good
buildings; ttock and :;i.::i Implements go wlih
the place.
J125 per acre— 160 acres near Mountain View,
all under cultivation; rich bcII; pood iS-rcom
bouse; entire property 'u first-class condition;
will <¦• .! in whole or iu fait or exchange for
city residence.
J4IC0— ?S acres In Sviitta Clara. 14 acres in I
•;.:•¦ ft-rar**. Laljuice in npricots and prunes J
In full bearing; good house of 1! rooms; Kood
large barn and out-bulMinKis: this is a sacrifice
price &nd i:;l-t be soli at ence.
KlfO— 4 acres between Cypress and Union
Coursing Parlc. San Mateo County: small j
house; very rich ground lor vegetables. I
11*00— 140 arres. 8 ir.iles from Mlddletown. I
Lake County; 2 hau&?i*. well watered and a I
splendid small ctock ranch.
$:450— 11 acres at Palermo, Butte County; "
acr»*s In oranges. 2 acre* in olives; this is a ;
proStabie «mail home ut cheap price.
r.eGO— 1CH acres at Novato Station; 7 acres
v.:.'. r cultivation; good chicken ranch; a i>n:ip.
Belmont — For rent, vhe Otto residence at
6rr.aU and Emmllt avee.; a 10-room. larpe.
•unny house, comy'.eteiy furnished throughout: i
bars and out-bulldiass; nice small orchard;
tor the rummer or by ti.e year at a reasonable
rent to the right parties : owner on the prem-
ise* every Sunday to allow parties.
For rent— Two nice cottages in Mill Valley.
Call and write for uur catalogue containing
ISO new bargains.
K. 6. BliOWNE. Manager Country Dept.
FOIl sale !n Contra Costa County — SO acres;
aa attractive country home, hif hly improved
ccl troductlve. with many natural aJvan-
liffes; Bupcrior climate; Zaree and commo-
c' >us dwellinc house, t rooms and bath;
frir.all house- for workmen and two fine barns;
<.>ut buildinc6; there are 4^00 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, chfrieit. prunes,
I*ars. peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
simmons, plums, apples, olive and tig; trees
eight years old and la full bearing; abund-
ance cf shade trees.
There are several natural spring?, also well
ar^d tank of 10.000 gallons, which supplies
house and grounds: also a live creek. It is
situated not lar from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms, JMKv e&eh payment, balance
oan remain on mortgage f^r 8 years, inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good city
or OaUand property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery st., city.
A GOOD general farm. 160 acres; 25 cultivated;
balance wooded hill" pasturage; fenced: liv-
ing stream; well; family orchard; residence,
barn, etc.; 3 l ? miles from two railroad sta-
tions; Eonoma County; tZIOO. \
ONLY tllOO.
10 acres, bordering living stream; richest
level alluvial and rcl!in»- land; 160 bearing
trws; 5-rooin residence, barn, well, etc.; only
cne mile from Napa.
EUQIEHBEB I'm accurately acquainted with
more country property for pale and exchange
•>n my list. State what's wanted and get re-
liable description^ of bargains.
N. D. PICKKLS. the Land Agent
6 Ueary st., San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOlIESEEKEnS'.
W« tfe^lre to rail tne atter.ticn of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
Income producing orchard, vineyard, grain
end rtock farmi>. many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for Bale. Mr. Bush,
havinp bad 40 years' knowledre and experi-
ence in the value of lands, and being the
owner cf an Ir.ccine-prrx'.ucins orchard and
rtneyart. can intelligently direct Intending
bui.er-3 to the best lands and bargains in the
DAVIS JirPII & SOX. 10 Montgomery st.
'all kinds
OF
OOCSCTST LANDS.
Write cr call for our lists of farms, vlne-
5"Er<is. grazing lands, etc.
fan Mateo residences, lct», country bemes
tr.d earth lanis.
Me A FEE BROTHERS.
1C* Mcmtgomery st.. Pan Francisco.
J> CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
Is r.w offered rersons ot limited means to
obtain "<• acres or more of choice l»vel garden
end orchard land, located at Wolfskin Sta-
Ti<in. Tit&r Vacaville. Srijano County, the cele- I
I rated early Iruft pr-ctfon of California, at
the '.ow prire of J*0 to tiO p?r acre, according
to location; terms to Fuit buyers; title r*»r-
ffft. This lard will raise all kinds of gar-
den truck and early fruit*. For map? and
circulars call or write California Farm Land
A«oct«ttan <Iccorp.), €16 Hearst building.
Fan Frsr.cisco.
TAP.MIN'G er.fl ether property In varloui parts
cf California for Mle. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.,
216 California st.. San Francisco.
J'OR saJe— A beautiful home of U acres, about
J » in bearing fruli trees; modern house of 7
rooms; windmill and tanfchouse, barn and
chicken-houses, «tc. ; about 200 chickens, horse
Bad earrtape. tools, etc.. Included; a good In-
come on the place: owner going to the old
country: pric* $4TC0; terms to suit Call or ad-
«1rr-Es MliS. L. JACOBSEN'. Llvermore. Cal.
AN unprecedented sacrifice; 75-roora brick hotel
and furniture; doing Immense flrst-class (J2
h day) bufineps; cost and worth JM.000; of-
J>red for I36.LOO; uas rented Icr $400; now
run bv owner.
N". D. SICKF.LS. the Land Agent, € Geary st.
FOR eaJe or exchange— A good bearing fruit
ranch in Santa Clara Valley; will exchange
for pood residence property In Oakland or
Eerkt-ley or for rood stock ranch. Address
Owner, box 21S5, Call office.
ti ACRES; 10 raHes from Napa; new cottage.
4 rooms and hall; chicken bouses, stable. 300
bearing fruit trees. 200 bearing vines; run-
nine crater. Inquire 435 Golden Gate ave.,
ever.ir.^s.
FOR sale cr trade on easy payment— 160 acres
Ff>ck ranch in Lake Co.; on county road;
ri^ar rrhool: value $1600. 'W. L. FOSTEK,
Keleeyv-llle, or EI9 Btevenson et.. S. F.
AT B bargain— For sale or ror rent, level 4?i
acres rear Fan Mateo. Inquire at 207 Church
St.. near Market, at 5 p. m.
I-OFTTIVEI/r best 10-aere Improved ranch
within 25 miles of city for JM00. HALL C3i
Sutter st-
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for eale cheap on
account of departure. £26 Turk et.. S. P.
FOR Rent — Handy-slzea fruit and bay ranch;
near bay. Address r'rult, box 2112, Call oSlce.
VTRITE J. W. HORN. fl2 Main. Petaluma, for
fre« copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and b«wt In America— The Weekly
Call. Is pages. Bent to any address In the
tTnlted States or Canada one year for $L
SUBURBAN HEAL, ESTATE.
RO63 VALi.ET— Choice view building lots
near etatlon: sewered; San Rafael water sys-
tem; reasonable prices. J. H. GILHULY, 17
Beale st.. Kan Francisco.
REALTY TO EICHA5CE. "
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market. Rear Call bldg. Tel. Black 180J.
I have a long list of city and country prop-
erty for sal* and exchange. Please call.
COOO— ILLINOIS farm for California or S. F.
property or roorn'ne-house. Box 1E69. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHEOA KKAI. kislATK.
HAMHONTJ & COXGER,
REA1, ESTATE.
JSSOO— Do you want to bay real mate that will
net you 10 per cent Interest? If »o In-
quire about Uxls at once.
11000— Or will exchange new. modem, 8-room
house; lot 60x150; baa never been occu-
pied.
E5D0— Kiepant. new. modern 7-roora cottage; lot
40x150; tSOO down, balance $25 per month;
this property cannot be -replaced for less
than }2'M: If you want a home this will
eell en tight.
f^OO— Cltr.tcn-ave. lot. CO by about 200; runs
Tight into the bay; most healthful and
desirable location In Alameda.
tltOO— 6 rooms, with large basement; lot SS:4x
ISO; sunny side of ctreet; this Is worth
;:;oo and will bear close inspection.
gSOOO — 0 rooms; fine corner lot 70x141; cheapest
In Alameda.
If you want to rent or buy don't fall to call
ca us and thereby consult your best interests.
HAMMOND & CONGER,
2326 Santa Clara ave,. Alameda.
Phone 103 I'aru. - s
BARGAINS for investors.
£argains for bomeseekers.
Homes built on terras to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
(rom etatlon.
Apply to O. R. DENKE. West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster at. and Cen-
tral ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i You Want
jj to be Stylish »
| indeed you do — pay us a visit this week — you will certainly be
• pleased with the artistic conceptions which greet the eye —
everything is new — we have never shown such a Collection of
| beautiful goods, never such a variety, never such elegance —
' novelties that do not lend themselves easily to description — we>
I ask you to call and see them — no obligation to buy — no
| necessity to feel we are doing, you a favor by showing you
these goods — May we expect you this week ?
IT aPP "R oHpQ — comprising Skirt and Waist in
X-jA^^ iVUULO Ruffled, Spangled, Fancy Net, and
Appliqued Net, prices ranging from $20 to $70 each.
RniprO Tickets — in Spangled, Renaissance.
DOicru jacivcL* Russian ai5 brajded in go|d>
white and gold, Persian and gold and black and gold, prices
from $4.50 to $26 each.
T^\ « ACO TVi nimin ry C — Latest shadings In Per-
juress i nmmings sian bands from t0 2
inches wide, prices from 50c to $2 a yaTd.
Persian appliques from to i^ inches wide, 75c to $3 yard;
Gold and Silver lace edges, from 5Oc to 75c yard; Gold and
Silver lace bands and passementeries, $l to $3 yard; also col-
: ored spangled novelties, Persian and Russian appliques with
; gold, white and gold, Renaissance and Oriental effects.
T nnpc — Russian Venice Laces In bands and festoons
j .L/a\-V,O 30( . t0 £ 2 yard^ Chantilly Laces in black, white
\ and ecru in bands and festoons 25cto $3 yard — also D'Alencon,
I Russian and Venice laces with gold effects in bands, edges
and allovers.
Allovers for yokings and vestings In Chiffon with Persian
and gold effects $3 to $10 yard. Spangled Nets in gold, silver,
Oriental colors, also black, $3 to $15 yard.
; \/ r f»>1 1 1 n Q*Q —No question about it— we have gathered
y viiiii^o together this season ' s most stylish veils,
prices are moderate, ranging from 25c to $2 a yard. If only to
be up-to-date with the fashion this department is well worth
a visit.
I "N^PckWG3.r — Some dainty pieces Just opened up, for
I yj^i^-. ladies' wear, both for evening and street—
u hard to tell how long they will last and it is doubtful if they
H can be duplicated — you should see then.
H rviHhon^ — Comprising many novelties, among which
M A -' are Dresden, Persian, Plaids, f^olka Dots,Fancy
I French Plaids, stripes and checks, also all the latest shades in
@ solid effects in Liberty, Mousseline, Chiffon, Taffeta and
H Peau de Soie. Prices range from 2Oc to $1 a yard.
I Ribbon bows tied free in latest knots
I Many more Items of New Spring Goods are being shown in
J our Silk, Waist, Glove and Belt departments, we ask you to
; just come and see if you wish to be posted on latest styles.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE^
A CHOICE LIST! NEW BARGAINS 1
$55,000— Fine corner, brick block, choicely
situated; under lease; fine future.
*£i, 000— Fine business property: rents $2300
p«r annum; in best town In Alameda County. .
$1S,OOU — Great sacrifice; magnificent home;
constructed In 1891; cost $27,000; makti an offer.
*S0O0— Worth $12,000; handsome residence; ex- |
quislte grounds; central; formerly mortgaged ;
J7U0i); sacrifice.
$5lK)0 — Albion St., near Telegraph, fine 9-room
home; SOxHO; cost owner $6500.
$3GV>— OfTer considered; specially constructed
9-roum house; 40x180; 27th and Telegraph.-
12850— Year old 2-story, 8 rooms; every ap-
pointment; barn 60x140; near Grove and 35th
sts., snap.
Si. 1 ;.)— Rents $SG SO month; fine modern flats
of 7 and S rooms; residence neighborhood.
8 acres. Piedmont, one-third value; $3300;
worth $1:2,000; opportunity ceases this week.
i acres, Elmhurst; we are authorized to sac-
rifice at any reasonable offer this week.
JJlitO— Fruitvale ave. residence, 10 rooms, cor-
ner, 141x239; splendid bargain.
13000— Excellent roadside Investment; rents
J6o month; 2 store buildings, fiat, stable; lot
100x150.
An 8-room new residence, near Broadway and
14ih; inoumbrance $2750; price $3850; offer
wanted.
S2>nO — Foreclosure snap; choicest cross street
rear Telcpraph, 7-room cottage; elegant lot,
S^xlCS.
$o(Vi0— Six blocks. ICth and Broadway, nine-
room modern home; cost owner $4500.
$;300 — Store S rooms; flat 5 rooms; rent $25;
flrst-olass order; 3 blocks of our office.
$:S0 cash, bank , sale, $2400; modern; fore-
closure; cottage 6 'rooms; Adeline station; see
this.
$K<50— Adeline station, five-room cottage, 8
yer.rs old; c>»i more; 25x127; quick sale wanted.
$14.i0— Hank mortcape $1200; new Dutch colo-
nial i rounis; porcelain bath, mantel, 33d St.;
snap.
-*::.'>— Think t A home near Grove St.; good
cottage, 4 rooms, bath, windmill; BOxtOO; big
bargain. LAVMANCB REAL ESTATE CO..
4S0-462 Eighth St.. Oakland, Cal.
$SN\^COZY lTttle cottage: walking distance of
down town. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦.¦¦•¦^ *¦¦:-. .
$4f.C0-FlXE larpe cottage of 9 rooms and bath.
bay windows, hich basement, etc.; all In
first-claFS condition and occupied by steady
tenant; lot 7^x173; corner; right on San
P.-ihlo ave.. thp principal thoroughfare of
Oakland; electric line In front: walking dis-
tance of local station. GEO. W. AUSTIN &
ro.. 100S Broadway. Oakland.
J2230r-NEW colonial cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
all modern; electric line in front; convenient
to local station; choice location; any kind of
terms to the right party. AUSTIN & CO-
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
JSoOO-^A. FIRST-CLASS undertaking business
fully equipped and paying; must be sold;
sickness. ALDEX CO.. 1118 Broadway.
JSiiO — Lodging-house, 40 rooms; good business
and central. ALDEN CO., 1113 Broadway.
$1500— GROCERY; a unap. ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway. "
finoo TO loan on pianos, furniture, etc.; lowest
rates, by ALDEN CO., 111S Broadway^
FOR pale at a great sacrifice— Beautiful subur-
ban home, lot K.OxHO; great variety of choic-
est fruits, large and small flowers, etc. In-
quire of owner on premises, S69 East Twenty-
fourth St., Oakland.
FOR pale or exchange— Nice Oakland - home;
beautiful view. Owner, box 21S7. fall office.
OAKLAND IiOl!SIiS TO LET.
$9— COTTAGE on Twenty-second st.
$13 5« — l.'pper flat near San Pablo ave.
$1S — Eight rooms: central location.
$18— Colonial cottaee. near Adeline st.
$20— Completely furnished Hartlake cottage.
S-7 DO— Furnished cottage in East Oakland.
AUSTIN & CO.. the House Kentrrs.
100S Broadway.
FOR RENT— Cottage 5 rooms, bath, barn,
chicken house, etc. 1426 East Eleventh st.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
TARLE unexcelkd; rooms par excellent; pri-
vate family. 5H Kd St., Oakland; close In.
OAKLAM) FURNITURE KOIl SALI2.
AN Introduction to you from II. Bchellhaas. tht
furniture dcalpr. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIl IIOl'«EKKEIM.>G.
ELLIS. 621— Suite 3 rcoms. $1S; 2 rooms $12; 1
front room $10; complete for housekpg; sunny.
FIRST. 28—3 front sunny furnished rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; rent $10 month.
1 FOLSOM,- 776^—2 neatly furnished connecting
roon;s for hnueekpg; convenient: reasonable.
FOURTH, 22S— Large sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable^ '
GEARY. S64— Sunny front parlor suite; also
sunny front room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761*4 — Nicely furnished bay-window
suite with kitchen; man and wife; others.
! HOWARD, 1703 — A uurny bay-window room,
nicely furnished; al3Q single one lor housekpg.
HYDE. 141—2 nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; pas stove.
HYDE, 4OS— Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; no children; $23.
JACKSON", 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping rooms. $7 to $S.
LAKKIX. 716 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $;2; single room, $3 V
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping^
MISSION.. 1427B— Sunny furnished room for
housekeeping; bath.
MISSION, 1504— Front bay-window room and
kitchen; housekeeping; no children,
OCTAVIA. 414 — Three unfurnished housekeep-
lng rooms. • "
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Large sunny
front room with kitchen, and single room. .
O'FARRELL. E21— Sunny flat of 3 housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; reasonable.
POINT LOBOS ave., 2120 — 2 and 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg roonr; $10, $12; no children.
POWELL, 113—3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children: rent' $14.
SACRAMENTO. 1614—1 or 2 clean, nicely fur-
nished rooms; private residence; light house-
keeping allowed If desired.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for housekeeping;
neat, clean and respectable: reasonable.
SIXTH. i3»>-Front suite, furnished for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STOCKTON. 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunpy rooms; also single rooms.
THIRTEENTH. IRS. corner Howard— Alcove
suite and kitchen; complete for hsekpg; $16.
TURK, 322— One large housekeeping room for
two or dressmaker.
VALENCIA, 1232—1. 2 or 3 furnished rooms;
housekeeping; alcove; sunny and light; gas;
bath. '
ROOMS TO LET Purn. nnd Cnfurn.
ARGYLE. The, McAllister St., cor. Larkin—
This high-class rooming-house Is newly open-
ed; It has been elegantly and tastefully fur.
nlshed; every Improvement for comfort and
sanitary requirements has been adopted; all
outside, sunny rooms, with <or without baths;
parties with references are Invited to Inspect
above premises; rooms shown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nlFhcd, unfurnished, with or 'without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny st, tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBOR.N HOTEL. S21 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city: polite attend-
ance; largo rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— ROBINSON. 1049A Market— New manage-
ment: fine furnished rooms, en suite or sln-
I gle; transient or permanent; elevator service.
A-BRUN'SWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to U per night; $1 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BT. T n NETT. 1426 Market <old No. • 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also. unfurnished.
BUSH, 7S4— 2 unfurnished rooms; French range,
gas and bath; call after 7 p. m.
ELLIS, 743 — Large front room, nicely furnished;
gas, bath.
GEARY, 622— Elegantly furnished double par-
lors, suitable for physician, dentist; reas'ble.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1204— Large double par-
lors, fur. or unfur.; good location for dentist:
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Bts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO. 805— Furnished bedroom, parlor-
use of kitchen; bath; tU. M. A. CANTBELL*
14 Capp st •
HOWARD. 728. near Third— Large sunny front
room suitable for 2; reasonable: also room
}5 per month for gentleman; bath.
LARKIN, 819— Sunny front room, suitable for
gentleman; gas, bath and phone; $7. . ;• -. .
LEAVENWORTH. 405— Furnished front room-
gas, bath; rent 110. ¦ • .
MARKET. 1032— Sunny front rooms; also single
rooms.
Ji ARKET. 1055— Sunny furnished rooms by the
day. week, or month;- bath; reasonable. : .i- ¦;
MARIPOSA. 1169 : Mission— Newly furnished
Bunny rooms, single and suites. ' f rom : $t mo."
MINNA. 745— Single newly furnished rooms to
let; rent f 5. ' ••¦-,:
BIRTHS— MARmGES— DEATHS.
BORN. •'
BLACKMORE>-In this city. March 4. 1901. to
! the wife of William Blackmore. a daughter.
CANTLEN- In this city, February 18,' 1901, to
the wife of James J. Cantlln, a daughter.
DRISCOLL— In this city. February 28. 1901. to
the wife of Florance Drlscoll. a son.
DUNKER— In this city, February 24, 1901. to
the wife of John A. Dunker, a daughter.
DUNNE— In this, city, to the wife of S. E.
Dunne, a dauehter.
FARNHAM— In this city. March 6. 1901, to the
wife ot C. XV. Farnham. a daughter.
MILLER— In Oakland, February " 21, 1901. to
the wife of Joseph H. Miller, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 4. 1901. to the '
wife of Joseph O'Urien. a daughter. -
PERAZZI— In this city, March 7, 1901. to the
wife of Victor Perazzi, a daughter.
TUBB-In this city, March 7, 1901. to the wife
. of Thcmas Flournoy Tubb. a son.
mabbjedT
GRAHAM— WILLIAMS— In this city, March »,
1901, at the Central M. E. Church, by the
.Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller. Charles H. Graham
and Mary Williams, both of San Francisco.
JENNINGS— FINKEN— In this city. December
21. 1900, by the Rev. P. -J. Lynch. St. James
Church. Bernard P. Jennings and Ida M.
Finken, both of San Francisco.
LANGMUTH— WILSON— In this city. March 5.
1901; by the Rev. Paul Branke. Emil Lang-
muth and Alice Wilson.
MEYER— BOGLE— In this city. March 9, 1901.
by the Rev. L.. Sanford. D. Meyer of Wood-
side and Ella Bogle of San Francisco.
~~ DIED.
Alexander. Ben McKenna. Bernard
Aceret. Jacol) Medau, Luella O.
Koyfl. Georce O'Leary. Dennis
Buse. John H. Plconso. John E.
Dillon. Thomas Tirrce. Helen F.
Divers. Samuel J. R. Pogd, Thomas
Dugan. Lawrence noss. Delia
Eck, Adam J. Sakagachl. Henry
Farrell. Joseph L. Schaefer. Charles O.
Gass. Julius A. Schrader. Charles B.
Giovanninl Francesco Schumacher. John W.
Hildebrandt. l-ouisa Sullivan. Timothy
Hlttell. John S. Tubln. David
Kellle, Charles Varni. Margaret
Knight. Patrick Von Gerichten. Mrs.
Knutsen. C. F. Josephine E.
Lee. Frank A. Walsh. Eliza
ACERET— In this city. March 9, 190L Jacob
Accret. beloved husband of the late Anna
Aceret, and father of Emil and Louise Ace-
ret, n native of Switzerland, aged 7i years 1
' month and 4 days. A member of Lincoln
Post No. 1, G. A. R. •
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2103 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
. Masonic Cemetery. .
TO the officers and comrades of Lincoln Post
No. 1. G. A. R.J You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late comrade. Jacob
Aceret. from his late residence, 2103 Golden
Gate avenue, to-morrow (Monday), at 2
o'clock. By order of
J. C. INNES, Post Commander.
ALEXANDER-In. Los Angeles. March 9. 1901,
Ben, beloved son of Abraham and Bertha
Alexander, and brother of A. E. Alexander,
Mrs. Henry Kahn and Mrs. Harry Hoffman.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BOYD— In this city, March 8. 190L George,
youngest and beloved son of Thomas and
Minnie Boyd. and brother of Edward. Claude
and Henry Boyd, a native of San Francisco,
aped 2 years and 2 months.
K7The funeral will take place to-morrcw
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1016 Treat avenue, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
BUSE— In Alameda, March '7. 1901. John H.
Buse, beloved husband «f Johanna Buse.
father of John Buse Jr.. and son-in-law of
J. N. Beckman, a native of Germany, aged
33 years and 4 months. A member of Wlnne-
mucca Tribe No. 61. Improved Order of Red
Men. of San Francisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
th!s day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1917 Pacific avenue. Alameda, Cal.,
under the auspices of the Improved Order of
Red Men. Cremation Odd Fellows* Ceme-
tery, via 2 o'clock creek boat.
DILLON— In Seattle. Wash., February 24, 1S01.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Delia
Dillon, brother of Maria Gilmore and Mrs.
Thomas Carroll, and brother-in-law of Mat-
thew, Andrew and Nora Canavan. a native
of County Mayo. Ireland, aged 66 years.
|C7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 11 :3o o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of McMenomey & Sons, 1057 Mls-
Eion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIVERS— In this city. March 8, 1901, Samuel
J. R.. beloved husband of Mary Divers, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. Katie Henneberry and
Nick. William and Mitchell Ahern. a native
of Scotland, azed 40 years 3 months and S
days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1343 Sin Bruno avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery, i
DUGAN— In this city. March 7. 1901. Lawrence
Duron, a native of County Limerick. Ire-
land, aged 35 years.
(C7"The funeral will- take place this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf James McMenomey & Son, 10i7
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to Holy
Crr«s Cemetery, via 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ECK— In this city, March 9, 1901. Adam Joseph
Kck. a native of Bavaria, Germany, /aged 81
yours and 9 months. A member of Sti Paulua
Society.
Cv^Friends and acquaintances are respect- '¦
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of | the Gantner & Ountz Undertakine Com-
pany. 1209 Ml3sion street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold- ,
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at a
o'clock. Intwment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city. March 7. 1901. Joseph
L.. beloved husband of Bridget Farrell. and
stepfather of Willie 'Watts, a native of Phila-
delphia, aged 49 years 11 months and 2S days.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 469Vi Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GASS— In Mlllbrae, March 6. 1901. Julius A.
Gase, beloved husband of Ella Gass. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 43 years 2 months and
13 days. (Iloboken. N. J., papers please
• copy.)
|L7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to 320 Post street, between
Powell and Stockton, where services will be
held, commencing ot 2 <i'clock. under the
auspices of Manzanlta Tribe No. 4, Imp.
Order of Red Men. and Journeymen Butch-
ers' Protective Benevolent Association. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GIOVANNINI— In this city, March 6, 1901.
Francesco Olnvannlnl, uncle of LuIrI Gio-
vanninl, a native of Lucca, Italy, aged 61
years.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvtted to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence. 431 Broadway, between Kearny
and Montsomery Htrsets. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
HILDEBRANDT— In South San Francisco.
March 8, 1901. Louisa Hildebrandt. dearly be-
loved wife of Frederick Hildebrandt. beloved
mother of Frederick Hildebrandt Jr., daugh-
ter of the late Philip and Emma Klein, an>l
flster of Mrs. Gustavo Wlssell. Mrs. Matilda
Westphal and George, Edward. Henry and
Lena Klein, a natjae of San Francisco, aged
25 'years and S months.
CT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlfed to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. Gustave Wlssell. 1659 Twelfth
avenue south, near N street south. South San
Francisco.
HITTELL— In this city, March 8. 1901. John
S.. brother of Theodore H. Hlttell. In his
eeventy-slxth year.
ICT 1 Funeral services will be held this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Please omit
flowers.
KELLIE— In this city. March 8. 1901, Charles,
beloved son of Charles and Agnes Kellle, and
brother of Agnes and Catherine Kellle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 years 8 months
and 19 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 206 Hoffman avenue, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KNIGHT— In Manila. January 24, 1901. Pat-
rick, beloved cousin of Bernard KnUht. a
native of Rush. County Dublin, Ireland, aged
84 years.
..C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
?v J ' C ; O Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thenco to^t. Patrick' a Church for services at
: 1 o'cloclc. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannairan '& Oallarher i •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mg?.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
j^;v\e« McGinn
- Ha* opened Funeral Parlors at W4 Eddy
* St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. Tel South S7i
REMEMBER 214 Eddy ,t. Is on the rl&t
hand side of street going from Markat
'CREMATION.
1 Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association
i SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.<" ™-
. The charge for cremation to churcn member*
I and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families is 130
I All : others IS5. Expensive coffins and orna-
ments are seldom used. A niche In the ColumI
1 barium Is a monument and saves the cost of *
' lot and its care and stona work. Send for dr.
I cular. - ¦ - ' - ¦•¦¦¦•..¦ J .. . .
GEORGES B. FI^ETCHER, Maaajtr \
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKD.Y REAL ESTATUJ.
NO TIME LIKE THE PRESENT
To purehnse property in Alameda.
Do not wait until all the cheap properties are
sold.
Call and <>• •¦ us at once.
$1100.
7-room house; lot 40x148: gr-.r.X bargain.
6-room Colonial cottage; '.ot S0xl25.
I1S0Q.
Fine 6-room two-story house and stable.
J2.-.00.
8-room modern house: Muble; lot 35x150; enap.
ISM.
Elegant cottage of 6 tootna nnd bath: lot Sox
150; stable; ou cne r>t the best avenues.
Foreclosure: 7-room Colonial hcuse: beautifully
decorated: large iot; owner compelled
to s n East;- must lx> Fn!i!.
All the above are Kenuiru 1 bargains.
Gn.itest ofTcr ever made.
Money made bv buying now.
Investors, rreculators and those desirous of
saving money s^ee us at once.
Your «ucce:s Is ours.
$40,000 to loan on Al«m"da realty.
Properties sold, r«nted ami exchanged.
Houses built to suit.
AUMEDA LANP COMPANY.
1500 2'ark Ft.. Alameda. and
Room 325. Parrott Ituildlns, S. F.
O'fice oren Sundays ar.d evenings.
FORECLOSURE sales— 3 cottages, 6 rooms and
Lath; JlSoO each: lot 40x150; $500 cash. Two
now CKttaees, n™ building: 5 and 6 rooms;
cheap: J."000 Pan Antonio ave.. near Lafayette
«. ; 6 rooms, bath: tot 40x1.7): terms. Two cot-
tages: 6 rooms; $2.V)C Paoh; terms. Anything,
new or old. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.
SNAP — Beautiful modern rcttasje. 6 rooms:
open hlumblng; fine mantels; every modern
convenience; lot 60x150; choice location: has
FtaMt*. etc: easy terms; IN at once. A. 11.
BURN'S. 1501 Park St.. Alamoda.-
J3200 WILL build new cottage 6 rooms and bmh,
lot 50x100, San Antonio avp., 1 block from Mor-
ton St.: or I3PC0 a S-room cottaKP. same lot. J.
II. VOrxG. builder. 1Zi2 Park «t.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BBBKELET REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room bungalow cottage; ell modern;
lot 4PxlC6: on sunny side of street; only 7
minutes' walk to railroad station ar.d electric
can=; price $1200; $200 cash, balance $13 r.O
monthly: this is a snap; mu«=t be sold this
week. OELLERICH & PERKINS, Lonn
Station. Berkeley. .
NEW. 6 rooms, 2-story, basement, bath: all
modern: electric fixtures: t'nted walls; «trept
work all done: risht at R. R. station: this is
a snap: must be sold at once; price only $1700.
on your own terms. Why pay rent when you
can* buy a fine hous>e like this and pay for
eame as rent? Take Berkeley train. «?et off
Lorln station. OELLERICH & PERKINS. _
$1600— MOST desirable lot oa Union st; half-
block of college.
$1500— 50-foot lot on Bancroft way, east of
Ehattuck ave.
$500— Fine, slehtly lot, 60x128; within 2 blocks
of the college grounds; a. snap for cash; srand
view.
$5000— See this np-to-Uate home of 8 rooms;
street Improved; larff* lot; facing south.
MAY & MORTIMER.
Berkeley. Cal.
$1300— NEW 5-room cottage; lanje bathroom; en
sunny side of stn»et: 2 blocks to cars; fine
neighborhood: only fli.it cash; balance $15 per
month. W. C. MORAN.
$2000— NEW 5-room cottage; porctlain bath:
tiled Fink: stationary tubs; this place will
rent for IIS per month; only one block to sta-
tion p.n<J electric car*; $100 cash, balance 1^0
per month: for one week only. W. C.
MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
$1250— HOUSE of 4 rooms. large lot, near sta-
tion; street work don»-. lot worth the money.
$;£/iO — Klne 7-room house: sunny side of street:
on the rw?st street in town; work all done.
JOS. J. SIAPON. Real Ssiate. Berkeley Station.
BARGAINS— 5 house*. 5 to 7 rooms, modern.
$1100 to tlSOO; easy payments; near local
trains: I also have some »p!er.dld investment
properties paying 1 per cent per month; will
buy lot and build to suit you. H. B. PIN-
NET, office opp. local station, Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
PPECIALi NOTICE— The Home Building Com- !
pany has removed Its office to south side of
railroad track on Fruitvale avenue.
$710— House of 3 rooms and high basement;
corner lot; cement sidewalk; 2 block*
from Fruitvale ave. ; terras, f9 SO per
month.
$000— House, S large rooms; 1 bjock from
Hiiywart'.s car line; chlcken-housee; good
barn: well and city water; your own
terms. j
$3100 — H"us«" of 5 rooms and bath; lot 112 by I
112; larce barn; fine place lor chickens;
city water.
$600-House of 4 rooms; lot 63 by SO; good
pump.
;ir C-j — Modern 5-room house: hardwood mantel,
bath and high basement: chicken-houses;
2 blocks from station; qood sidewalk.
$1200— One-acre chicken ranch; near Fruitvale
ave.; will build 4-room house to suit;
plenty of good water; terms to suit.
$1200— House of 7 rooms and bath: large lot;
near station; reasonable terms.
Houses of all kinds for rent. Remember
this address.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
South side of railroad track.
Fruitvale avenue.
W. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale. CaL
$C00— HOUSE of 5 rooms, chicken house and
yard, city water; two blocks from electric
cars.
$S00— 1100 ca*h. balance $10 monthly; cozy cot-
tage of 3 large rooms, attic and basement: fine
stable, chicken house; good well; lot 45x115.
fin.0 — House of 4 rooms, etable, Incubator
house, 10 chicken houses, 75 chickens, BO
pigeons, large brooder house. 7 brooders. In-
cubator, good horse, harness and wagon;
lot 100x130; all fenced; easy terms.
$1275— Choice bargain; new cottage of 4 large
Yooms; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation;
bath, cloFets. pantry, chicken houses; lot 175x
150: all fenced: fine location; just the place for
raising chickens. «.
$1600 — Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable; chicken bouse; lot 107x260; easy terms
If desired.
Chicken ranch of 1 acre, good house of S
rooms, barn. etc.. for rent at $8 50 per month.
Stock and fixtures for sale consisting of 500
thoroughbred chickens, 16 chicken houses, pood
brooder house, 4 brooders, 2 Incubators, bone-
cutter, etc.
For particulars apply to
II. A. PL.EITXEP.. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$5030 — 8-ROOM house with latest Improve-
ments. Including electric lights; lot GOxlCs; a
bargain; beautiful view.
J25&0— 6-room house: all modern Improve-
ments; corner lot, 60x150; In beautiful Fruit-
vale; terms easy. Call or address A. R. PE-
TERSON & CO., 47S Tenth St.. Oakland.
FRUITY ALE PHOPEinYTO EXCHANGE
NEW 6-room cottage: corner; $2000: little cash;
clear trade and mortpaee will handle; this
week only. E. L. RICHARDS. Dlmond, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2200 — OXLY ?300 cash, balance easy; new
bungalow cottatre 5 rooms, porcelain bath and
late&t In everything: cute and cozy; near
broad-gauge; close to cars, echool and busi-
ness centers: would coat $3000 to duplicate.
J. S. MYERS & CO.. 10U2 Broadway, Oakland.
$1600 FOR a $3000 almost new 5-room cottage
In East Berkeley, at Dwight station; sunny
and A No. 1 neighborhood : 2 blocks from
etatlon; stone walks and street complete;
owner non-resident; has instructed me to sell
almost without reserve; easy terms if de-
ulred. J. B MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦¦
$1000— ORIGINALLY sold for $2000; cottage S
rooms and bath; Mgh basement; S blocks
from local station, public school; street work
complete; terms if desired; this Is a positive
bargain and must be sold. J. S. MYERS &
CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.'
»400 CASH. J7 GO monthly till paid for; price all
told $1000; cottage of S rooms and bath; large
barn; chicken house and run; fruit trees and
shrubbery: a nice, cozy home In the right
spot, being healthful: 2 fine lots, 160 feet deep;
picket fence; city water and sewer; near a
model echoolhouse and electric earn; nice
neighborhood; s&ndy loam soil; view some-
thing grand; away from cold winds and fog;
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular for cheap lots or acreage. 455 Seventh
Et. Oakland, Broadway station; carriage free.
1L Z. JONES, owner.
TEN houses and -cottages for sale; easy
terms; some same as rent; send or call for
what you want.
Ranches for eale from U to 50,000 acres.
Thlrty-pa«e. catalogues of homes.
Good business chances of all kinds.
For all bargains see E. E. BUNCE.
952 Broadway, Oakland.
J1400— TWO-STORY, 7 rooms and bath; near
San Pablo ave.; all In flrst-class condition;
now for rent or for sale on installments.
AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FlVE-room cottage and bath: lol 25 by 133 feet;
good well and windmill; price Siu«'; ca»h $M0
and balance on easy term*. Inquire £14 Han-
nah Et., Watts Tract, Oakland.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Cnfurn.
MINNA, 667. corner El*hth-Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a aay up-
O'FARRELL. 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; e'.ec. lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
suite or single; gas, bath, phone; *10 to *z«-
POST, 527— Small sunny room. , closet; private
family; $1 25 per week. , .
POWELL. 617— Nicely furnished sunny bulte ;
no children. ________
ROYAL House. l2T"EnTs^Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles par-
lor; rooms, per nisht. 35c to $1 SO; week. IT to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground^ floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.^
ROSKDALE House. 319-321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
SACRAMENTO 1603 cor. Larkin— Elegant fur-
nlshed sunny front rooms en suite or single.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121, near Sixteenth— Large, sunny
front room; double bed; cheap. _
SUTTER. 320%— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $3; suites, $12 to $25 mo.
SUTTER, 919— Handsomely furnished bay-win-
dow front room; hot and cold running water;
central. ¦ ' '
TAYLOR, 106— Sunny rooms en suite and sln-
¦ gle; $5 month; 25c per night.
TEHAMA, 215— Furnished and housekeeping
rooms to let. '-.a
THE BERLIN. 23$ Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
TWELFTH. Ill— Sunny furnished room, pri-
vate fam.; suitable for couple; phone, bath.
VAN NESS, 813— Upper parlor, furnished or
unfurnished; physician's residence; bath,
phone, etc.
VAN NESS ave., 141?— Suite and single front
gunny room; gas; bath; tel.; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received Ht Call branch office. 22fO Flllmore st.
• ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A PEW persons with references can b« com-
fortably accommodated in family: rooms and
¦ table appointments first class: north of Mar-
ket 6t. ; reasonable. Address Private, box
2670, Call office. - '
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California St., may
be found a most excsptlonally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS, 878— Beautifully furnished slnple rooms
and t-ultes. with board; central location; reas.
SHOTWELL. 217 — Two sunny furnished rooms,
1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without board; rea-
sonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
use of parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van/ Ness.
IVY. 24»— T-Arsre mmny front rooms with board
for 2 ladles; private family,
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
nOOMS AND BOARD WASTED,
WANTKD— Room with breakfast and dinner
for couple; central. Box 2667, Call office.
GENT desires board; give piano or vocal les-
Fons part payment. Box 2197, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room, centrally locat-
ed, with running- water and ll*ht. preferably
electric. Address box 21T3. Call office.
WANTED — Four unfurnished rooms; reference
Klv«*n. Address box 21S8. Call ofTlc*.
WANTED— Dry. lisht room, suitable for Upht
manufacturing; any part of city. Address,
with terms, to C F. K.. box 2156 Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchcster English Tennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
Fend 4n stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at dniB-
Ktsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
J150.C00 TO loan on 1st mortcaees; will loan on
80 per cent; easy payments: mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. box 14.6. Call office.
IJAI> tenants ejected for H: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. KSO.
ROOMS papered from is up; city or country.
Hartmwn Paint Co.. Sift 3d ft.: t»l. Red 8321.
snow gauds j\Nn
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DER-
MON'D. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Foliiom 1K(N.
seavi.\cT"mach:.\es am) supplies.
ALL kinds boucht, sold and repairing Ruaran-
teed. Charloa Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bouKht. sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Dlack 1124, 205 4th.
BOUOHT, fold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 5.
WANTED — An upright piano for storage; good
care: no children. .132 Hayes et.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-RODOLPU Storage and Moving Co..
ofllce. Post and Powell gte, : tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC' Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 FHlmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. fUO Mis-
sion et. ; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. 7.EHFIISS.
BKKIXS Van nnd Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
Tiu'ysRS.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menjre, G03 Kearny.
JTVPEWRITRRS AM) SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— Wa
Fell better mcanine* -for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 036 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Supnr
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
aft»r Friday. March 15. 1901. Transfer books
will close Saturday, Mnrch 9. 1301. at 12
oVlock m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 25 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
?.Rtlon Company will be payahle at the onlce
nf the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday, March 11. 1901. Transfer books closed
Saturday, March 2. 1M1. at 12 o'clock m.
: . M E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany icon.)— A dividend. No. 27. of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the comnany, 4S0
California St.. Fan Francisco, on March 11,
1901. Transfer books close March 4. 1301. at
norn. 37.JMAN FONNTAQ. secretary pro tern.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,397, Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby riven that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Ran Francisco. State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
lnK for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation; and that Monday; March 25th.
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
paid court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof 'I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 190L
{Seal] • WM. A. DBANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. JO. 1901. WM.A.DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clertt.
. MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The folio wine marriaare licenses were* Issued
yesterday: : - : < -^aHMvfcglMffiMfanf
Victor E. Shaw, 21, city, and Ellen I* Laks,
2L -Oakland.
"Thomas • H. McDonald. • 48, Potomac, Mont.,
and Jennie E. Payette. 30, Aberdeen. Wash.
- Dietrich H. Meyer. 44, Woodslde, Cal., and
Ella Bogle. 28, city.
Charles II. Graham, 22, 1338 Alabama street,
and Mary. Williams, 19. 8 Juniper street, v^
Louis L,. James, 39, Mill Valley, and, Flora
Howell.-27, ;1S14 Washington street. --
Arvid Cedersren, 29, 415 First street, , and
Desiderla Rangstedt, 30, 33 Moss avenue. •
Henry Haab, 48, <07 Jones street, and Anna.
M. K. Kleymann. 33. 1517 Polk street.
• James A. Steele, 40, 606 Fulton street,' and
Rebecca Hennlnif, 85, 606 Fulton street. •¦¦...
Koy E. Bondurant, 28, Portland, .: Or., and
Tillle M.Zwickel, 23. Portland, Or. . \-
Frank M. Burkhardt. 21, 220 Thirteenth
street, and May J. Layden, 19. 308 Lanston st.
George XV. ¦- McCoy. - 24. - Bristol. Tenn., and
Edith P., Miller. 24, : Hyndman. ; Pa.
•Arthur. G.- Olsen, . 20,- 60 Natoma street, and
AKfrte B." Bella. .19. 60 Natoma 6treet.
¦ Wong 1 Get 'Shuns, 33 ¦ Waverley ¦ place,' and
"Hens Tut Sue. 22. 44 Waverley place.
- Won* Ah Due. 32. • 840 : Dupont street. , and
Kim Ah Gone. 21. 810 Dupont street.NEW YORK, March 9.— FLOUR — Receipts.
16,188 barrels; exports, 1SI3 barrels. Firmer at
the opening with wheat, . but ruled quiet later,
closing about steady at unchanged prices. "Win
ter patents, Kid 7? 4; winter straights, $3 45$
3 50; winter low grades, 12 45^2 60; city mill
clears. $3 40£4 30.
WHEAT— Receipts. , 81.C00 bushels. Spot,
steady. No. 2 red. 80%c f. o.b. afloat: No. 2
i*>d, 79V4c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S7^,c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 91%c
f. o. b. afloat.. Options ooened firm on cover-
Ing, following favorable cables, but after ad
vancing U8%e soon turned easier under liqui
dation of long interests and realizing for short
account In the absence of public. support and
other conditions bearish; at home and abroad.
Tbe close was HQUc net higher. March closed
New York Grain and Produce.
Nczv York Stock Market.
XEW YOF.K. MarcU S— There was a very
irregular price movement during to-day's short
session on the stock exchange. Speculation
¦was actiiie in only a few stocks and the con
trary movernrtit in th^-sr had tho effpet of con
fusing the Bf-ntim'nt cf the rr-nm traders. The
public had rumors that th« Pennsylvania will
leas? the Chesapeake and Ohio for nlnfty-nir.e
y*crF with a guarantrod divi.jpnd of 3 j>«>r cent
per annum, which c^urM an excited o;>einnK
In that stock, th* first transact lens of 8T,00
rhares carr>'ing the price IS ovt-r lart night.
This proved to be the highest price of the day,
as the reeei.t large advan-e in ifce stock offered j
handsome pnfltt for iarR"? sr^-ulative holdings. 1
Amalgamated Copper scored a vioient recovery
from yesterday's weakness, rising more than
three points over last night's price in the first
five rKlrutes of the trading. This also proved
to be the highest price In the session. A num
ber of low-rrieed storks v.ert advanced In con
e*rt. iccluding the Wabash stocks. Chicago
Orea.t Western. BU I>ouis and San Francisco
etock* and Hocking Valley, j Th<»re was realiz
ing going on in other parts r<t the list and the
tone of the market turned heavy all around
before the bank ttatcment appeared. Prl-es
of some of tlie princijial active railroad stoiks
were forced nearly a p'^'ru under last night.
Sugar fell an extreme 2*» upon the annoiiniv
inent of the <lea.th in Part? of an official of th_«
compar.y. The bank statem»nt had evidently
been <l.«counte<l and the shorts bid uj> prices
on th»m»-elv«-s in th^ir efforts to take profit*.
The closing was irregular on renewed realiz
ing In some *torbs «t the advancy.
Th<» etock market has l>f*n active and strong
during the part week by reason 0/ a well
diversified demand for railroad securities, both
etockc and bends, and an animated speculation
in some of the industrials. In the latter class
the «teel stocks have been a conspicuous ex
ception and h*ve been neglected and rather
The average Saturday business was done on
the Bond Exchange. Alaska Packers* sold
down to $121 and Gas and Electric advanced
to $« 23. . "
The oil stocks shotred no fluctuations worthy
of note.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 150,776** shares, valued at $39,134.
the principal sales being as follows: Aetna,
7200 shares; California-Standard. 47.800: Four.
6C4S; Independence, 12.5i,'0; Lion. 6020: Monarch.
TOoO; Read. 10.940: Monte Cristo. 5CC0; Occi
dental, 4440: Junction. S>:00; Oil City, 10.500;
Petroleum Center, 10,^50.
Dividends to tie paM are as follows: Cali
fornia Wine. SOc. on t!;e<lltn: Giant Powder.
73c. on the 11th: Paauhau t-upar. 30c. on th»
11th; Pacific Gas Improvement. SOc. on the
11th; Kllauea Sugar. "3c, 'on the 15th.
STOCK A3STD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March J-12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
' Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask.
4a coupon 114 114*i 4s cp fnew)....l37"»13S
4s reg 113 113^* 2s coupon H0», —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lC3UlC5 Oak W Co Ss. — 101
Cal-st Cab 5S..116V2 — Oceanic SS Ss.lOuU —
C C Water 5s. — 100 Om C R 6s — 130
E L & P (SC~.123%133Mt, Pac G Imp 43. — lvOV,
F & Cl Rl* 6s.ll2ti — | Pk & Cl R 6S.105 —
Gearj'-st R 5s. — — [ Pk ft O R 6s. — —
Haw t: 5»4s...lO8U— ;PoweIl-st R 8.120 *-
Haw C > 1C5'4 — S E G * R 5s. — 98>j
L A R R 5»....1IM»— i S F t SJV 5S.120U —
L A L Co 6s.. — — -| S P. of Cal «s. 110 —
Do gntd fis.. — 104 : S P R of A «s.li;».li;t;
Do gntd 5ft. .1C0 — \ S P C 6s (1303,
L A f R R 5s.l01Vil02'i l Series A)....1I9U —
Markt-Et C 6s. — 121 | Do (Series B) — mw
Do lat C SS..120U — I Do <190<!)..... _ m
N C N G R 7s. — 113S! Do (1312) IK 1 ; —
N R of Cal 6s. — lit?* 3 P C 1st c as.106'4 —
N R of Cal 5S.120H — . S P Br. R es-.-UlVjlSSS
N P C R R Cs.lCHi — S v Water 6a. imi —
N P C R R 5S.1HSU1CSH S V Water 4k. — Iu4
N C R R ES..111 — Do 3d mtg...lCI»;iO2ii
O O L & H 5s. 113 ', Stkn G £ E 63.IOO —
Oak Tr Co «3.11S 117
EASTERN MARKETS.
fan Francisco fiat*.: Maximum temperature,
.7; isinixnum, 4S; mean, it.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« fallen rapidly during the
paet twenty-four hour* from Cape Mendocino
northward. A etcrm of considerable energy
overlie* Washington and Oregon and will prob
ably move sicwijr eoutheaxt^'ard.
f»outhea«t storm warnlnsr* *re tfiBplayed
along the co&£t from Point Conception to
Eureka.
The following maximum Trind velocities are
reported: Portland, thirty miles per hour from
the eoutii: Winnemucca, twenty -sir from the
«outh: Carson City, forty-two from the west,
and Mount Taxnalpais, thirty-six from the
south.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 10:
JCorthem CaJJfornia — Rain Sunday; brisk to
blrh southeasterly wind.
Southern California^— Cloudy unsettled weath
«r ena probably shower* Sunday; light north
erly changinr to eoutherly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather- Sunday,
¦with rain In northern portion; high eoutherl>
•winflm.
Utah— Cloudy uneettled weather Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Rain Sunday;
brisk to high southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARBIVAXS.
SEW WESTERS HOTEL. "Tl
A EH is, Cal
Mrs H de Loss, Merced
T F Ware. Luni.t
C Sparks. Chicago
E L Hollln^shead. Chgr
S TIpertiller & f. Or
A Nordon. Kansas City
Miss E Carrenton. K C
C H Kisher. Colo
D R Fisher, Cal
J T Boom. Cal
K E Todd, NO T *
V Hick, N O
W Chlnn. Cal
C Ellin, w. c. N Y
C C ilcBrtda. Mexico
Mrs C F Clayton. Utaij
Miss II Miller. Utali
R TaJfor. Crockett
J Byrne. St Louis
C Mason. St Louis
GRAND HOTEU
R A Cabbola, Hongkg
C P Masterson. Tacom
W H Braden. Portld
II L Morrison. Stanfd
H C McNaught, Stanfd
L A Blasingarne & w,
Fresno
G B Katzensteln Jr.
Cal
Mrs M Carter. Stktn
S A Loud, Cal
L E Doan. Bkrsfleld
B F Shepherd Jr. Ca!
W O Blaslnrame. Cal
E Jacobson. N Y
Miss J I> Blake, N Y
M E Lemon. N Y
F Schlennett & w. Md
J Baruch. Denver
D TV Pontius. Lompoc
M Hajrood & w. N J
illsa M Atw«ter. N J
W W Van.ierbllt. N. Y
O P Denxler. N Y
F L Bredman. U S N
J E Eergtholdt. New
castle
B E McNeil. Napa
E McNeil. Napa
C F Robinson. Oaklnd
C Brownisrs & w. Sac
E W Gilmor* & w,
Massachusetts
D Morlarity & w, Cal
J K Sturdent. Miss
W Huntley. Miss
W T Whitney & w,
Cal
C F Holman. Stockton
J H Hammett & w. Pa
E G Rjidcl'.ff. Cal
C de> St Maurice. Colo
U Marks. OrovUIe
D C MaeDougal. Cal
Mrs W Danel. Seattle
W H Webb. Salinas
C L Merriam. P Alto
J D Smith, HIdsburx
J Parscns. Los Ang
H I Llghtner & w. 3*4
L E Swan. Cal
A Harris. S Rosa
G H Sargent. Bostoa
B S WM, S Rosa
F W Bancroft. P Alto
V E Shaw U w. Cal
Mrs M E Ellis. Cal
L J Smith, Stanford
C L Stephens, P Alta
O Fletcher Jr. Idaho
T McMaster. R Bluff
A Knight. Cal
PALACE HOTEL
E Pryeke. Kan City
R J Andersen, Phi la
W W Coldlns. L Ann
S McRoberts & w. Ca!
W Hartness. Cleveland
G B Bettengtld, Clevel
G Cotton, X Y
Miss S Cotton. N T
R Schimmel. N Y
H E Wood &. w, Den
ver
H Heyman. N Y
M L Gunderflnger. Cal
J Kildenhouse St w.
Buffalo v
Mr & Mrs Drake. N Y
J W Cochran. N T
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
J A Cole & fam. Minn
Mrs W J K Kenny.
N Y
Mrs W J Cosgrove. NY
Miss L Lohr, N Y
F W Lohr. U Y
R M Mestres. Montrey
Mrs J Yurler. N Y
J V B Prince & w.
N Y
O T Johnson. Riversid
H C Larkin. V S N
Mrs M A Edwards. Cal
J F Parker. Cal
3 O Beatty. Cal
F H Johnson, Cal
T O'Neill, Los An«
E W Furbusa & w.
Boston
H W Keller. Lew An«
W C Ratstori A -w.
Sacto
A L Leomsky. Stktn
J G Morgan. Cal
Rev R F CobboH. Cal
J M Cromson, Toledo
H Lindley. Cal
W P Hammond. Cal
Miss T ilacKenzl*,
Toronto
T D Harvey. X T
C Hopkins. Mills Coll*
J H Edwards. Philadel
E D Thayer. Stanford
H Clbonls &.w. L Aru?
B W Comrnille. Clevel
E Warren. Stanford
J W Sefton Jr. Cal
J Brownie*. Jackson
W Drosemeler A w,
Cal
N O Reynolds 4k w.
Cal
Mrs S J Reynold*. Cal
CALL CALENDAR.
LIVERPOOL.
- Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 1U4 5 ll*i
Closing: ". 5 11H 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 SO 19 80
Closing IS 70 19 70
Flour —
Opening 24 40 25 30
Closing 23 95 25 10
Chicago Livestock Market,
CHICAGO. March 0.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; nominally steady; good to prim« steers
fancy up to $6 23; poor to medium, $3 eo^;
stockers and feeders, steady to firm, W 75@
4 60; cows. 1 J2 60®4 25; heifers, $2 65<8'4 40; can
ners, dull. $1 75@2 50; bulls, slow, $2 50@4 20;
calves, steady. $4 25fJ6 25; Texas fed steers.
J4®4 BO: Texas grass steers, |3 35@4; Texas
bulls. 12 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14,000; Monday, 28,
000; estimated left over, 1M0; market 5c higher;
active; top. $5 70; mixed and butchers, $5 450
5 674: good to choice heavy. J5 60(^5 65; rough
heavy, $5 45(35 55; llsht, $5 45(g5 65; bulk of
eaUs. $5 55«i5 62 &. •
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000; sheep and lambs,
steady; yearlings up to jr.; good to choice
wethers. $4 30@4 85; fair to choice mixed, $4®
4 40; Western sheep. $1 2i>tfti 83; Texas sheep,
$2 50<f?3 75; native lambs. $4 cO$P5 3S; Western
lambs, j;©3 20.
Nku York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 9. — As usual on Satur
day, owing to the absence of advices from
abroad, there were no noteworthy changes in
the local metal market to-day. Speculation
•was slack and prices at the close were more or
less nominal, as follows: P.'Riron warrants,
ji 50®10 W>: Northern foundry. $13^16 50: South
ern foundry. $14 50(515 75, and soft Southern
J13@15 75. Tin. J28 16S26 25. Lead. $4 374.
Spelter, $3 92VWS3 97>£. Lake Superior copper,
$17; casting copper. $16 86.
NEW YORK, March 9.— Cotton closed barely
steady, with prices . unchanged to 4 points
lewer.
New York Cotton Market.
Imports at New York.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise to the port of New
York for this week were valued at $12,814,425.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 9.— Clearings, J239.021
balances, S19.67«.
Northern Wheat Market.
OBEOON.
PORTLAND. March 9.— WHEAT— 8teady,
with very little offering; Walla Walla. 66c;
bluestem. BSc.
Cleared— Bark Ben '.Oearg. with 140,614 bushels
of wheat: ' ship Marie Hackfeld, with 108,138
bushels of wheat, both .for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. T.IarcfN. 9.— Wheat, quiet and
steady. Blu<*stem, 67c: club. 54Vfcc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON', March ... 0.— Consols. 9S«i: £ silver,
18 1-16; French rentes, lOCf 3"4c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla
-Walla, 2Ss 3d: English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL. March 9.— Wheat, strong; No.
1 standard California, tis 24dSf6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, quiet: weather 'in England; fine. '
COTTON— Uplands; 5 l-16d. ,
¦ '.„ CLOSING.
HOPS— At Londonf California, £4; ¦ Oregon
£4 4s«T£4 17S. , .
WHEAT— No. 2 . red ; Western, dull, 5s lid ;
No. 1 Northern > spring, dull, fis, .-.246;; No.' 1
California;- firm, * 6s ¦.:¦ 2V4d. Futures,.' steady.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2-
March 74 74tf 737* 74
April 74«i 74% 74'i 14%
May 74H 7&\ 75* 75«s
Corn No. 2 —
March 39%
May 41'i Uhi 40T4 41
Oats No. 2—
March 24*4 24H 24 24
May 25H 25H 24T6 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
March 14 70
May 15 CO 15 05 14 82V- 14 90
July 14 50 14 55 14 50 *14 50
L«ard, per 100 lbs —
March .... .... 7 55
May 7 B7'/i 7 62V4 7 574 7 5"H
July 7 65 7 67^ 7 65 7 63
September 7 70 7 75 7 70 7 72*4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
March 7 20
May 7 27"4 7 SO 7 25 7 25
September 7 37H 7 40 7 35 7 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
qulfit: No. 3 spring wheat, 68#7lc; No. 2 red,
74 ; ?i@76V4c; No. 2 corn, 39Ho: No. 2 yellow,
39Hc; No. 2 oats. 25%©2S«4c; No. 3 white. 26%
tj:27Vic: No. 2 rye, 61H l ©52Hc: good feeding: bar
ley. 45c; fair to choice malting, 4S(§'59c; No. 1
flaxseed, {1 55; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 66; prime
timothy peoci, U 40; mess pork, per bbl, 114 «3
@14 80; lard, per 100 lbs. J7 52Vk®7 55; short
ribs sides (loose), $7 16®7 40; dry oaJted chould
ers (boxed>. 6%(?6^c: short clear slden (boxed).
J7 6OS7JR0:,,whlski., basis of. high wines.. $1 27.
Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.29c; uranulated. 5.72c; con
fectioners' A. 5.59e; oft A, 5.44c. Clover, con
tract Krade. *10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 85.000 35,000
Wheat, bushels 56.000 32,000
Corn, bushels 233.000 16S.0C0
Oats, bushels 270.000 315,000
Kye. bUBhels «.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 34.000 5.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull: creamery, 15®19Hc; dairy,
114?19c. Cheese, fairly active, 10Vi@U*ic. Egga.
dull; fresh. 12®12Hc.
Bank Clearings.
Tb« local b«rJt clearings for the pa«t week
?m CI.ieS.Rn. against J:?,S71,JIC for the lame
Wek laat year.
Coin Cei'tificates.
Tb* Oovemrnest coin certificates In clrcula
tloB February 2S were ac follows:
1900. 1901.
Oolfl J1S1.2€5,S.~ |257.64?.7S9
tilrw 400.1C3.4S7 422.m*»O
Treasury S5.S45.227 65.Sj7.J:7
Total IC73.315.051 $7;r,.74G,756
Exports of Produce.
fcporU of profluee and merchandise from
tola port thns far this year tmount to J6.25o.K30.
•cainet f?.Z$$.60n Tor the same time last year,
the leading Items being &s follows: To Atlantic
ports, J479.K?}; Great Britain, P.6H.0M; China
$518,056; Jarati. S4'-6.70C': MfxW>, t3::.3.Cr*; Aus
tralia. JS10.45f>: Central America. $275.6i.»); South
America, $-12,660.
Coinage of the Mints.
Tfce coinage of the United States Mints for
the current fiscal year :s aa follows:
Double eag-les JSS.Or.?.6no
Eagles 12.0S4.SS5
HaJf eagles 10.407.M0
Quarter eagles 100.222
Htanisrd dollars 13.710.4»
HaJ? dollars 3.536.200
Quarter dollars 2.220.;««
t.lir.es US.NI
Five cents l,0C).3<>5
Cents 451.911
Total ISKVVJn »SJ.E44,4£1
Total 18?9-0G. $S?,6r6,E25.
The National Cashbox.
The statement of cath In the United States
Tr"«u"Tiry for March 1 Is classified as follows:
Reserve fund—
Geld coin and bars $150,000.000 00
Trust fund—
Gold c^in S76.040.9S9 09
Fllvpr dollars 427.S54.000 00
Silver dollar* of 1SSO 2.166.274 00
Kilvor bars of 1W &3. 790, 72* 00
United States notes 710,000 00
Genrral fun'! —
Gold coin a-nd bars C2.657.«14 21
Gold cerrifiiates 1S.4S2.S50 00
F:lver r^rtlfioates 5.513.31') 00
filver do!l*rs 11.370,949 00
Filver bullion S.8£>9,166 13
United States notes ll.2iS.294 00 ;
Treasury notes of 1*90 99,673 00
Currency cenlncates 710.000 00
National bank notes 10.062,244 00
Fractional ellver coin *,230,o50 12 '
Fractional currency 15.8 72
Minor ecln EM.8S5 07
Mixoellaneous 70,711 SO
National Bank depositories—
< red it Treasurer U. S S1.645.6J7 £4
Credit U. S. Disb. OTfloere 6.2S2.2S4 80
Total Jl.l!».S2».02S 70
BAN FRANCISCO. March 9—6 p. ra.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Gate, a? compared with those of same date
last «eascn. asd rainfall! In the last twenty
four hours:
XTW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
»,700 Atchlson £7
11,700 Atchlson prefd 814
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 92%
Canadian Pacific SSVi
100 Canada Southern 51%
64.S00 Chesapeake & Ohio 46*4
Z2.W0 Chicago Great Western 2B;
1.430 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 14S T »
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 324
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 71'i
200 Chicago* Eastern Illinois 1091;
Chicago & Northwestern 172«4
1,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 124>«
S00 C C C & St Ivwls 754
S.000 Colorado Southern 84
300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44>i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
1,200 Delaware & Hudson 164V4
....... Delaware Lack 4 Western 192
1.000 Denver & Rio Grande.. ',.. 33tf
600 Denver £ Rio Grande prefd K?
600 Erie 27%
2.400 Erie 1st prefd 64%
9*10 Great Northern prefd 1?S%
800 Hocking Coal 15
3.200 Hocking Valley 53v4
700 Illinois Central 131
200 Iowa Central 2<S%
Iowa Central prefd 53
Lake Erie & Western 41
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 113
Lake Shore 210\i
t.400 I>miK\-!lIe & Nashville 93%J
10.400 Manhattan L. 11»H
5,!K»0 Metropolitan Street Railway 165
600 Mexican Central 17%
Minneapolis & St Louis ~f>\
Minneapolis & st Louis prefd 10S4
1,500 Missouri Pacific ~»%
Mobile & Ohio %0%
Missouri Kansas & Texas 20*4
3'W Mifsourl Kansas & Texas prefd H%
New Jersey Central 15594
800 New York Central 144
B.6C0 Norfolk & Western fH%
Korfolk & Western prefd ?5
4,300 Northern Pacific 844
300 Northern Pacific prefd 87%
15C0 Ontario & Western 3lT«
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 7*5
S.6rt<) Pennsylvania 15r»^i
1.6» Reading 314
2.enO Resting 1st prefd 714
2.M0 Reading 2<i prefd 41»,
Rio Grande Western 65
500 Rio Grande Western prefd 9f,V,
5 300 Ft Louis & San Franci«ro 424
1.200 St Louis &¦ San Fran let prefd 844
S.7J0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd GSVi
1 200 St Lxiuis Southwestern ;7«J
4 - 9!V> St I-ouls Southwestern prefd r.S»i
14.9CO St Paul 154'4
St Paul prefd in
St Paul & Omaha ur>
3 100 Southern Pacific W t
2 >'M Southern Railway 24
*«<M) Southern Railway prefd 7SS
"> 600 Tf-xa* & Pacific 2SU
14:on *'~»on Pacific S0%
4W I'nlcn Pacific prefd SZy,
R.400 Wabash 18V4
27 <yo Wabash prefd 34
6 1^ Wheeling & Lake Erie 15
'lCO Wheeling & Leke Erie 2d prefd 314
1 !<0O Wisconsin Central mi
Third Avenue I21»i
1 SO0 Baltimore * Ohio prefd ?2
yvi National Tube MS
209 National Tube prefd 1014
Express Com rani es—
,.. Adams 155
American 1SS
!f>0 United- States' 5S4
100 Wrlls Fartro 141
Miscellaneous—
tOO American Cotton Oil , 214
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
American Ma-Klnff S
American Maltlnr prefd 24
».ono American Smelting & Refining 54ft
SCO Americsn Smelting & Ref prefd 93
American Bririt* 14
American Spirtts prefd 17
1.6C0 American Steel Hoop.. ?ei;
I.OM American Pte*l Hot prefd SHi
l.«*0 American Steel & Wire 3^
sr.O American Pteel * Wire prefd P«
4no American Tin Plate «i
1«> American Tin Plate prefd 100*4
11.200 American Tobacco 1204
Americsn Tobacco prefd 14C
l.jno Anaconda Mlnlnjr Co 46>4
23.100 Brooklyn Rarld Transit 78^
200 Colorado Foe! & Iron 44»i
400 Continental Tobacco 45%"
Continental Tobacco prefd 1014
, 1.000 Fed«r»l Steel 43H
3.200 Federal Steel prefd. 834
heavy. aside from the stocks of some of the
companies not included In the United States
Steel corporation, in which a short interest has
trf>en driven to cover by an aggressive bull in
terest. The buying of stocks has been attri
buted to further extension of the community
of interest policy and was reported to be for
account of competing and connecting railroad
systems.
The Grangers. e*pecially Burlington, the Pa
cifies, the Southwesterns and the tide-water
bituminous coal carriers have all been afTected
by this influence. Th» last-named group was
benefited by the showing made in the annua!
report of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
The good results reported in (his document of
the better freight rates secured by the rom
par;y'B jayrchase of influential holdings In com
peting lines, e?p?clal!y the. rates for soft coal,
created a strong demand fcr Baltimore and
Ohio, Chesapeake and Ohio and Norfolk and
Western. It was the current br-llef in Wall
Hreet thai before the rnjyin* war on account
of the Pennsylvania «"omp«nv itself. The
Pennsylvania annual report had a stimulating
effect r>n the whole railway list frcm its re
flection of the prorperous condition of the
transportation Industry in all the diversified
brnrcbe^ ret»r» wnted by that company. The
«tr>clc touched a remrti pric-» during the «n>l!
and many other railrr<a.1 *to<-ks roM at prices
never beiTe iKjualed Th»re were reportg rur
:ent r>i i>.irth*r grtn* c»»>»tldatlnti!i to com*
In the railroad wor>SL - »«« baeeil on th«
character of «on.« -->? '.: 4c. The activity
nf Fpeculative t --"«!« 1 stiM-ks waa re
ppon*!ble '.or ion* >¦• >•;- <:* and th»
exasperation of t>th«*. J>. the resulting ad
vances *.hes« pool* i:r., -«•" 1 '.arse holdings to
take rrcflts. caaMnir much Irregularity from
time to time In the rvrlc-s m>v»ment. The facll-
Ity with which rrice* advanced, where any
active demand d»velrp*<1. vu evidence that the
supply of Etorks seeking a market was not
large. The recent buying by competing rail
road interests, bankers ajid capitalists for pur
pores of Influencing control. h** evidently
much reduced the floating supply of securities
in many directions. A featui* of the> market
has been the movement of stocks of the small
eT railroads, whclh seem In any way available
for absorption by the larger railroad systems.
ihere ha« been a furious speculation In Amal
gamated Copper, with th« price well over the
par for the first time since the etock waa
issued. Sugar has also had its usual specula
tion Incident to the dividend period. The
neglect of the steel stocks after the publica
tion or the official circular containing the terms
of the consolidation has caused much . com
ment. The prices of exchange of securi
ties hamper operation* In them In the mar
ket. Provision has been made for dealing in
the trust certificates lpsued for the stocks of
the Steel and Iron companies deposited In
assent to the plan. But there is nothing in
existence to represent the new United States
Steel stocks, beyond Individual contracts to
deliver them when Issued. • r>eal!ngs In these
have oontlnu^d In the curb market in a very
moderate scale and their price has be«n held
above that ruling for the old securities. Opin
ion over the money market outlook Is uncer*
tain. The possibility of closer money condi
tions is u. factor In the stock market for the
present. Any decisive development In the
South African war is bound to have an in
fluence on the money markets of the world,
owing to the renewal of the gold supply which
would follow. Crop prospects will have grow
ing Importance from this time on.
The question of wage adjustment among coal
miners Is given attention by stock operators.
The buying of middle and low grade railroad
bonds has been on a large scale.
United State's refunding 2s declined 'i ajid
new 4s hi- The 5b advanced «4 over the clos
ing bid or laat week.
*_ . *
CHICAGO, March 9.— At the opening the
wheat market expressed its greatest activity.
May opened Uc higher at 75%g75»4c under the
encouragement of higher markets at Liverpool
and Antwerp, the chief Argentine market on
the Continent, and because of unfavorable
climatic conditions. A heavy trade for the
outside account was transacted at the start,
but it was wrll distributed on both sides.
Shorts, who became alarmed yesterday, were
still anxious to cover, however, and May was
worked up to 75-Ti'o during the first hour. Trade
following the nrst half-hour's activity was
more quiet. On the bulge what had been In
fluential support was withdrawn and this, com
bined with some profit-taking by scalplns
lonfirs, caused a decline to 75^1®n^ic. Buyin*
orders which had been waiting caught the de
cline and when more shorts took their medicine
the market experienced another rally to^i-Tic
and clcscd U@9»e higher at 75?4c.
Corn opened higher i:nder a sharp outside
inquiry and a decided scarcity of offerings,
due to 'the road-spoiling weather and to higher
cables. An influential speculator began ham
mering the market, but although he dumped
a big quantity in the pit May declined slowly
end stubbornly, closlns only a shade lower at
4'>vfci?41c.
O.its were the weakest of the list aa usual.
May do*od hiH^c lower at 24T»c.
Pork again headed tne bill in the provision
pit. The demand was not as brisk as it was
yesterday, but ns offerings were notably light
the price ran up sharply. Light hog receipts
and higher prices at the yards were bullish
factors in the market. May pork closed firm
and unchanged, lard and ribs closing un
changed from yesterday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa..— *»V Spring Valley. 11% 91%
Marln County. SSI* — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 1 Pac Lt Co.... 43 —
Fxpilt Gas .... 3% 3%'Sac E G A R. - 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8*4 :S F O & E.... 47% «>*
COLA H... SO — jSan Francioco 4H * x *
Pac Ga» Imp.. — 45 1 Stktn G 4c E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.ZS 210 / I
BANK STOCKS.
Anrlo-Cal 77 — t-on P A A 14? —
Bank of Cal . . 4<j9' -z* 11 Mer Ex (liq>.. 1« —
Cal Safe Dep..lrt3* s — S F National.. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 312^
SAVINGS BANKS.
German W30 13C0 ;Sav ft Loan... — —
HumhoJdt — — |Se<-urity 275 —
Mutual 50 — ' I Union Trust... — —
S V Sav U....515 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS,
Callfornia-st . — 140 |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio S3 SOV£
Market-st — 63',; I
POWDER STOCKS.
Vigorlt — 3«4l Giant Con — 83
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 8 8H|Kilauea 83\i 23"4
Haw Com. — S<5S|Makawell . 4*>4 44^
Ilonokaa 33 33%» Onomea. 29H 30^
Hutch S P 254 2« l *'Paauhau 34^ S3
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A^..120 121 [Oceanic S3 Co MH 53
Cal Fruit Can. 9SH10OVi Pac A F A 1% 3>4
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Co.lKSHlMVa
Mer Ex Assn..in2S — 'Par Paint Co.. 13H —
Mornln* Session,
Board—
in Alaska Packers' Assn ..121 00
126 Cal Wine Assn -190 00
2» Equitable Gas S 37 ] -j
10<> Hnnokaa S Co S3 00
60 Kllauea S P Co 23 00
20rt Kilauea S P Co 23 23
15 Oceanic S S Co 55 7S
100 Ooeanlc S S Co 55 SO
H-tfrt Oceanic 3 S bonds W> in
V» Onomea S Co 29 75
100 Paauhau S P Co 34 25
53 8 F Has & Electric Co. b 5 4S Oft
If*) S F Gas & Electric Co 48 25
SO S F Ga* * Electric Co .*?".. 48 12V4
1C5 Spring Valley Water 91 50
Street—
2ft Cal Safa Deposit, s 5 106 75
tVKXV Hawaiian C A 9 Co 5s 104 5»
I $11,009 N P C R R 5s 108 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
5/VK> Ca la -Standard Pi
300 Caribou 65
K^ft Junction 57
r*i Kern 8 5'>
[ 1M Monfe Cristo 2 4S
I l'O Mrnte- Cristo 2 47*»
; 2f*» Occidental of W Va 53
."<> Peerless 8 00
l-"rt Reed Crude 19
SM Ree.l Cru<l<" *¦'>
iro San Jnaquin Oil & Dev 11 50
100 Sterling 3 59
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2ro Cala-Standart 81
SCO Junction 5«
2i .« Junction ?»
5W Lion Oil Co 20
2>:0 Petroleum Center ' 18
20CO Petroleum Center IS
MIN ING STOCKS.
Follnwlns were th<» ?a!es« in th<* San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange B^ari yesterday:
MorntPE S^»sinn.
4W Challenge Ifi! 2"O Overman „ 10
110 Con Cal & Va.l W< 7<*> Sierra Nevada.. S<>
&*> Crown Point... 11 j 500 Unton Cbn ft)
600 Ophlr M,
Following were tho sales In the Paclflo StoclC
Eicranje yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher '»; 3fc) Mexican 13
wv> Challenge Con. n> jno Ophlr M
CO Challenge Con. Is | CCO Ov-^rman 11
sno Con Cal & Va.lfti I0»> Sierra Nfrada. J.">
-400 Justice 031 SCO Yellow Jacket.. t>
CLOSING QUOTATIOX3.
SATURDAY. March 9—12 ra.
Alpha 03 0«;Ju3tIce OS M
Alta r 2 OSiKentuck 01 03
Andes 05 WLady Wash Cl 03
P,elcher It 12 Mexican 19 ?»
Best & Belcher 20 21 ' Occidental «3 03
Bullion «1 02,Ophir „ «7 6*
Caledonia «> 70;overman 11 13
Challenge Con. 17 19Poto*i if IS
Chollar W 07; Savage «:> H
Confidence TO 8.V Scorpion — 0»
Con Cal & Va.l SO 1 63! Seg Belcher PI 03
Con Imperial... ft 0?: Sierra Xevada. 23 31
Con New York. <n 03 Silver Hill 43 4*
Crown Pnlnt.... 11 12! St Louts — S3
Eureka Con.... M — [Standard 3 10 —
Exchequer .*... 01 CS! Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 17 13 i Union Con 19 20
Hale Sc Norcrs-. H 131 Utah M ft
Julia «1 Cl! Yellow Jacket.. 13 20
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for fancy creamery were slightly re
duced. The other grades of Butter remained
without change. The whole market was quoted
weak.
Cheese continues weak and in good supply.
Eggs continue steady, with a good local and
storage demand, which keeps stocks from ac
cumulating. '
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 40,200 pounds of Butter, 1319 cases Egga,
11,950 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Extras. 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
14c. . ¦ ' ¦¦; -?'-'¦
Dairy— Extras. 15e; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie. i
Storage — Creamery extras, — —; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice.
8c; common, nominal; .Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@164c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected -White, 124c; mix
ed colors. 114c per dozen. ' .
California Gathered— Selected, 114c; standard,
lie; seconds, .
¦Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, — -;
seconds. ¦ . '
Storage — California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of r Oranges are announced for to
rr orrow's auction. .
.. Supplies' of citrus fruits are generally mod
erate and it is surprising where all the de
cayed Oranges have gone. It was only a few
dox* ago that ; the market was flooded with
them. Limes are scarce and a shade higher.
Lemons continue . to sell well, owing to tlvs
scarcity in Limes.
¦ Arrivals of* nine cars of Bananas have af
ftcted the . market for this fruit and prices
are lower. . '
DECIDUOL'8 FRUITS—
APPLES— 5GJJ75C per box for • common, 90c9.
There is no movement of any consequence In
any description. Prices are unchanged.
" BEANS— Bayos, $2 5002 75; Small White. $4 60
Qi 90; Large White. $4@4 25; Pink. $2 15©2 35;
Red, $3@3 60; Blackeye, $3®3 25; Llmas, $5 60®
5 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
Potatoes and Onions are as previously
quoted. Both are quiet.
SHEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 SO^S; Canary. 3Vj®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7^@S>4c for Califor
nia and 9@94c for Utah; Rape, 2@24c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy, 6Mc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Asparagus is declining under steadily in
creasing receipts. Rhubarb keeps up, as
more or less is being shipped East. The
Southern Vegetables are in good supply and
prices show little change. Tomatoes are very
quiet .and supplies are large, especially of
Mexican.
Receipts were 513 boxes Asparagus, 368 boxes
Rhubarb and 95 sacks of Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 6o-f?Sr.c: Burbanks,
30^45c for River and SfVJrSOc for Oregon: Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. 55@75o: 'Sweets. 69©75c for
Merced ; New Potatoes, . 3@34c per lb.
ONIO.\'S-$2 25(52 75 per ctl; Cut Onions,
SCcfiJl 50 per sack; Australians are jobbing at
5c: Green Onions, 35^400 per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 3©5c; Asparasrus.
124'J?13c for fancy, SiJTllc for No. 1 and 5f?8c
per lb for No. 2; Green Peas, 3@6c for Loe
Angeles and 3®7c for Bay; String Beans. 6@
10c: Cabbage, Jlf^l 10; Tomatoes, Los Angeles,
60c@$l 25 per crate; from Mexico, 75c®$l 25 per
crate: Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 10©15c per lb
for small and-20!g25c for large; Green Pep
pers, Los Angeles, 10@124o per lb for Chile
and 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry
Okra, 25c per lb: Carrots. 2587.35c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, 73cfiSl 25 per dozen:
Summer Squash, $1S?1 50 per box; Garlic, 24^
3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per ton;
Mushrooms, MhglSc per lb.
Poultry and Game.
There Is not much change in Game and
none In Poultry. Both markets are quiet.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®Uc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
124@14c; Geese, per pair, $1 50<82; Goslings.
$2 50@3; Ducks, $4®5 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $<@6; Young Roosters, $6®7;
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $5 50®6; Broil
ers, $4 5o-g 3 for large and $3Q>4 for • small ;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $2 G0Q3
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3@3 BO; White Geese.
75c@$l: Brant, $1 60 for small and $175 for
large; Honkers. $3(g>4 50; English Snipe. $2 50(33;
Jack Snipe, $1 60; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1@
1 25 for Cottontail and 75c for Brush.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 85^4
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 8S%
Sterling Cables — * &9%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — Xtft
Silver, per ounce — *0>«
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 O 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Yesterday was another dull day In
Eastern and foreign markets.
Liverpool waa firm. Paris lower, and Chi
cago and New York unchanged. Chicago
opened firmer on better foreign advices, with a
light demand, chiefly to nil shorts. Hessian
fly was reported in some parts of Kansas.
Business was confined to cross buying and
selling, the shorts covering and the longs let
ting go. Tho Government report is expected
to-morrow. ">
In this market futures advanced under a
very fair business, spot quotations standing
the same. . .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 93c; milling, 974c@
$1 02^ per ctl.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— COW
ctls, 974c: 4000, 97%c; 22.000. 97%c.
Second Session— May— 12.000 otls, W*ic; 32.000,
9SV-C. December- 22,000, $1 04 K; 20,000, $1 04Vi.
Regular Morning Session— May— COW ctls, 3Rc;
10,000, SSVaC. December— 4000, $1 04: 12,01)0,
$1 04Vi.
BAKLET— The feeling on call was weak,
while spot grain was steady with a fair in
quiry.
Feed, 72V4c for choice bright, 70*?71Uc for No.
1 and 674c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, "SffSfc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 20«0 ctls,
CD%c.
OATS— Business was quiet at unchanged
quotations. •
White. $1 25@1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25O1 40 for Feed and $1 35t?l 45 for Sesd;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 17H01 20;
for Seed. «1 25£1 30 rer ctl.
CORN— The market continues flat and fea
tureless.
Yellow.-- $1 10@l 15; White. $1 10i31 15; East
ern mixed, $1 12H p?r ctl.
RYE— 824®85c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 2<><3
$3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15<&"3 23;
Oregon, $2 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75(53 for bakers" ; Washington, bakers'. $2 73
<Q3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Itye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal $2 TQ:
extra cream do. $3 DO; Oat Groats. $i 50; Hom
iny. $3 60«5'3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. J3 SO; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 10
@7 60; In sacks. $5 75@7 25; Pearl Karley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Hay about balance the demand
and tho market shows no change. During the
past day or two several cars of fancy wheat
have sold over the quotations. There Is
nothing new in Bran.
BRAN— $135? 15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50(219 50 per ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16316 30 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23@26; jobbing.
$26 tO; Cocoanut Cake, $17<glS; Corn Mqal. $23®
$25 £0; Cracked Corn. $25 50ig2S; Mixed Feed,
$15016.
HAY — Volunteer. ?5@8: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat. $9®11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S$9 50: Barley, $7 50@9 £0 per ton.
STRAW— 3oS4TV4c per bale.
New York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures higher. Spot quotations as before.
The other cereals stand as before quoted.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
Hay and Fecdstuffs quiet and featureless.
Beans and Seeds unchanged and very dull.
Potatoes an-d Onions in good supply and quiet.
'Arrivals of Vegetables fully up to the market demands.
Poultry and Game quiet and without feature.
Fancy creamery Butter a shade lower. All grades weak.
Eggs steady and Cheese weak at previous prices.
Citrus Fruits in moderate supply and Limes /inner.
Prunes continue tlicir slow improvement.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Nothing new in Wool, Hides and Hops.
Packers report an easier Hog market.
Fair trading in local and oil stocks.
Nine cars of Bananas arrived.
600 General Electrio 215
200 Glucose Sugar 48
"iV^; Glucose Sugar prefd .'..".! 94
l.oOO International Taper .' 23
100 International Taper prefd 747s
M Laelede Gas $0
<00 National Biscuit 39%
National Biscuit prefd 92
National Lead 15
••-••" National Lead prefd S6
*,300 National Steel 44
200 National Steel prefd 101%
• New York Air Brake 160
North American 75 .
.'.. Pacific Coast 82
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SS
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
600 Pacific Mall 35%
1.600 People's Gas 103V4
2,300 Pressed Steel Car 38
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 73U
100 Pullman Palaee Car 207
100 Standard Rope & Twine J\»
50.800 Sugar .1 139=54
Sugar prefd 120
3.S00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 54
300 United States Leather 12
300 United States Leather prefd 7474
200 United States Rubber lS*i
200 United States Rubber pre'd 5314
2,200 Western Union S7»4
19.S00 Amalgamated Copper lOOVi
1.200 Republic Iron & Ste<?l Co 16>i
2,700 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 67
P C C & St Louis 69
4S5.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 105Vi N Y Cent lets 107
Do 2s coupon.... 105*4 N J Cent een 5s... 1344
Do 3s reg Ill Northern Pac 3s... 7U4
Do 3s coup Ill Do 4s 1C6
Do new 4s reg....l37 7 « N Y C & S L 4s...lO*?i
Do new is coup. .137% N & W con 4s 104
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 110
Do old 4s coup. ..114 Do 4s W^
Do 5s reg 111H Or Short Line 6s.. 126
Do 5s coup lll'-i Do con Es 1154
DIs of Col 3.65s 128 Reading Gen 4s 3i 7 \
Atchison gen 4s 10374 R G W lsts 100?i
Do adj 4s S3 S L & I M con'5!«..117
Colorado Sou 2ds..lO7 S L & S F Gen 6s.l30'i
Ches & Ohio 44S...107U St Paul con 134Mi
Do ns 121'J.iSt P C & P lsts...llS',i
C & N ron 7s 140% j Do 5s 121
Do S K Deb 5s. .11S>1. Southern Pac 4s... 03
Chic Term 4s 97'4 I Southern Ry 5s 116
Colorado Sou 4s.... R."> j Stand R & T fis... 54'4
D <fe n G 43 102'i Tex & Pac lsts....Mii
Erie C.oti 4s *B j no ;a s 95
F W & D C lsts.. SSi*; Union Pac 4s 108*i
General Elee Ss 176 jAVabash lsts 119
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2<ls 11 04
L 4- N Uni 4s mi West Shore 4s 11»H
M K & T 2ds 79 Wis Cent 4s 87%
Do 4s 97»i Va Centuries JK> r> 4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 15
Alice <n Ontario 7 S7
Kreece v.V.l JO OphJr 62
F.runswlck Con £11 Phoenix 0»
Comstock lunnel .. 0o| Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va 150 1 Savage 07
Ix»a<iwood Terra 60 1 Sierra Nevada 27
lli.rn Silver 110'Small Hopes 65
Imn Silver 60isHandard 3W
Leadvill* Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union -Pac 91
Call loans 2'i'^i Union Land 4
Time loans 3Vs8* West End 97
Stock*— WVstingh Elec ... 59
A T & St Fe 67*4 Bonds—
Do prefd 91 V4 Atchipon 43 101V4
Amor Sugar 140 N E G & Coke 5s. 68
Do pref«l 121 Mining Shares—
Am*r Tel 160. Adventure 12U
Boston & Albany. »3 Ringham 20^
Boston L 170 Amal Copper 100
Boston & Maine. ..190 Atlantic 33
Chi Bur & Q 145% Boston & Mont ..3o%
Dominion Coal ... 3S'/j | Butt* & Boston .. 9SU
Do prcfJ 110 Calumet & Hecla..S60
Federal Steel .... 43 Centennial 25
Do prefd *svj Franklin 22H
Fltchburg prefd ..143>* Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 214 Osceola W£
Do prefu 190 Parrott 52
Ed Elec 111 2« Quincy 175
Mexican Cent 17U Santa Fe Copper.. 7»,J
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 Tamarack 345
Old Colony 209 Utah Mining 35
Old Dominion 3e<£!Wlnona 6^
Rubber lgiA 1 Wolverines 53
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, March 0.— The weekly state
ment of averages of the associated banks show:
Loans, $918.7*3.600; increase, »4.SS0.200.
Deposits. I1.011.92S.400: decrease, *5S5.E00.
Circulation, $31,469,000: increase, $160,000.
Legal tenders, $72.5oo,3C0; decrease, $1,415,800.
Specie. $151,134,100: decreas?, $4,330,200.
Reserve requirements, $252>9S2,125; decrease.
$146,275.
Surplus reserve, $10,717,275; decrease, $4,053,025.
The Financier says: Despite the fact that
one or more of the larger banks began to call
loans last week the current exhibit of the New
York clearing-house Institutions shows an ex
pansion in the loan item of $4,5SO,200. . It is
rather difficult to trace satisfactorily the cause
of this rise, but in explanation It may be said
that operations Incident to the completion of
larger deals are reflected to a greater or less
extent in the change. The increases and de
creases are confined for the most part to a
few banks which represent special interest and
magnitude. By far th» most Interesting part
of the statement Is found In the depletion of
$4,320,200 in the cash reserves of the bank. The
loss is the heaviest that has been noted in
any week since last October and was brought
about by sub-treasury operations with the
hanks. The treasury, in fact, gained nearly
five millions during the week and this was
counteracted only slightly by interior remit
tances. From Chicago. Philadelphia and other
centers, however, come advices of extremely
ea*y money markets and any heightened de
mand for money here will no doubt be met
with a response from all large points which
have funds in excess of current needs. As a
rule, however, the excess reserves of the New
York banks show -a falling oft over the March
period. A year ago this week the banks held
less than six millions of reserve and the suc
ceeding six-day period witnessed a further de
cline of two and two-thirds millions, from
which low point there was a steady rise, which
did not culminate until September. The de
posit Items for the week Just ended showed
littlfe change. The decrease was only $5S5,5OO,
and the excess reserve therefore, In Its de
crease of $4,0S3,82S. reflects only the excess
money that was paid out by the banks. The
present surplus of $10,717,275 is the lowest held
by the banks since s.h« opening of the year.
The outlook presents nothing beyond the usual.
Many stories have been current of a coming
flurry In call rates, but while predictions on
this point are useless It Is to be remembered
that the operations which will call for heavy
dividend payments in the near future, notably
the Standard Oil disbursement, are largely
London Market.
mere transfers of accounts, and whatever prep
arations are necessary have probably been
irade already. Still the fact is not to be over
looked that with the huge totals now reported
by the banks fluctuations of more than ordinary
magnitude are not out of the question.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here to-day responded to
the news of the peace negotiations in South
Africa. Prices recovered generally but slightly.
The American department was inactive. Every
body was waiting for the weekly statement of
the associated banks of New York. The tone
was Irregular.
Money was slack. Call rates, which were 3%
yesterday were 3^ per cent to-day and dis
counts were SVi to 354-
CLOSINO.
Atchlson, BSH: Canadian Pacific, 93%; Union
Pacific preferred, fl%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, Soc; Grand Trunk, 7V4; Anaconda, i%.
Bar silver, dull, 28 1-lCd per ounce. Money,
3^4 P*r cent.'
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the JliAOOO.OOO gold reserve
In thp division. of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash bilanca, $151,O*0.SoO; gold, $87,450,005;
silver, f 19,657.838: United States notes, 111,741.
384; treasury notes of 1890. JSS.S04; national
bank notes, $9,45S,S41: tctal receipts this day,
$2,0O7,C0; total receipts thin month, $14,177,020;
total receipts this year. $399,403,004: total ex
penditures this day, $I.f 45.CO0: total expendi
tures this month. SIS, 8&>, 000: total expenditures
this year. $364,9:2,278; deposits in national
banks, $38,^45,414.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dullness 5tlll characterizes this market and
quotations thow no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. HtmHe P*«" Ib * or
heavy. ll>i®i;c for light medium. 12'4«13c for
Up*t. ISttHc fT extra lls?ht and 1MZlS<«e for
Fi-gar-rured; Eastern sugar-cured Ham', I2c:
y t e?s Beef, $12 per barrel: extra H*m, $13;
Family. $14 ¦ rxtra fine Pork, $15® 15 51); extra
c>ar. $19 60(920; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD — Tierces q-joted at B^te per lb for
crmpcund and 9V4c for pure: half-harrels, pure,
9*ie: 10-lb tins. lO^c; C-lb tins. 10?sC.
COTTOLENE - One half-barrel. 8tfc; three
half-barrels. Sc; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces.
7?ic; five tierces. IHc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Wool trad* In the East l» reported vry
unsatisfactory and thore Is nothing \-ery bril
liant to report h»re. the movement being ex
tremely light. There is nothing new In Hides
and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls «nd brands sell
obout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
S'-itjlOc; medium. 9c: llt;ht. Stf^Hc; Cow IlldPS.
S'ic for heavy and SCtSlic fcr light: Stag*. 6^
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9<«; Salted Veal. 9$10e: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. lJ4«16c: Culls. t3HQX4ei
Drv Kip, inaiCc: Dry Calf. l<!!S17c: cull* and
brands. MQISe; Sheepskins, shearlings. i'0-3S0c
each: short Worl. SO^-'Oc each: medium. SO'gTocr
kng Wool, "2cSJl each: Hnr3e Hides, salt. $3 3)
02 75 for large and $2t*2 23 for medium, $1 25
lor email and SOc for colt3: Horse Hides, dry.
Jl 73 for large. $t 50 for medium. $1 J5 for small
and EOc for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 83c; fall or medium skins, SOc; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatoklns— Prime Angoras,
7."c; largs and smooth. SOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%04?ie per lb;
No. 2. 4'g4«4P: grease, 202%c.
WOOL— Spring. 19<X>— Huraboldt and M-iwio
cino, 15^16^ rer lb: Northern, free. 12®13?: do.
defective, VyQlXc; Middle County, free, 10§llr:
do, defective. 9©10c; Southern. 12 month*. 83
9ci Southern, free. 7 months. TQ\«c: do. de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc: Oreson Vall»y. naj.
131516c; do, medium and coarse. 14^1.V: Ore-
Ron Eastern, choice. 12@Uc; do. fair to good.
Millc: Nevada. 10C12c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendocino. ll@12c; Middle County and North
trn. f.<9Sc: San Joaquin, 7Q3c
HOPS— J5®:oc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers report an easier feeling In
Hogs, owing to prospects for increased sup
plies, though prices have not yet been af
fected. The other meats are unchanged.
BEEF— 74j3c for Steers and tJJyT'-c per IB for
cows.
VEAL — Larjre. "«ff?c: small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9310c; Ewes, SliQOc per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring, I0©12!4c
per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6*4c for small and 6%c
for medium and Sc for large; stock Hogs, 5%c;
feeders, 5V4c; dressed Hcgs, 829tjc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Groin Bags, June and July. evitSHc; local
make. 6%c; Wool Bags, 308KHC; Fleece Twine.
7V4c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ; ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; WaHsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end J3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $12 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14: Can
nel, flO per ton: Cok». $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 43
per "C00 pounds and JS 50 per ton, according
to brand.
RICE— China mixed. $4 2Q#4 J3; No. L $4 70«J
4 85; extra. $o 20@5 10: Japanese. $» S5&5 50;
Louisiana, $4«iS it); Ilavrailan. nominal.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted aa follows:
Alaska, red, $1 20; medium do, $1 10: pink,. 90^
OJc; Col<mhla River, Chinook, II 75 for tails
and $1 83 for fiats; barreled Salmon. $10 for
Alaska barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAK — The Western Sugar Retlains Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.:5c; Powdered, 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.S5c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.33c; Extra C,
5.25c: Golden C. 5.15c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.60o; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH ».
Flour, qr eks....lO6.73.?[ Shorts, sks joO
Wheat. Ctls 124. 79«j Lime, bbls 4Ji
Barley, ctls 5,120, Sugar, ctls J 2,600
Beans, sks 22!Tallow. ctls 255
Potatoes.wks .... 8,207! Hides, no ...:.... ««3
Onions. 8*3 573) Leather, rolls ... 41
Bran, sks 2,140 Wine, gals 72.7^0
Middlings, sks .. 973 Quicksilver, flsks 150
Hay. tons 376 Raisins, bxs 1,500
Straw, tons 17 Chicory, bbls .... 13
Wool, bales 147
OREGON.
Flour, Qr sks.... 816
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 75Q3 for fancy.
PEAitS— 75c<g'$i 50 per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 5001312
Seedlings, 60cf?$l; Tangerines. 25cf?Jl 25: Jap
anes« Mandarins. SlifZl 50; Lemons, Jl'cj.1 ok tui
common and Jl 75S2 SO for good to choice;
Crape Fruit. SOcfC: Mexican Limes, S«; Cali
fornia Limes, nominal: Bananas, 5*V??|1 X
per bunch; Pineapples. 73c@J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The local situation is uncharged. Mall re
ports from New York say: •'There was a
slight falling off in the demand fcr prunes
early In the neck, but at the close traiio
showed a deeld?d renewal of activity. Sorr.e
Sizes are becoming very scarce und the roar-
Vet for cooi Part"! Clara fruit Is v!sH»'y
strengthening. Supplies of SO-fris are particu
larly light on thp spot nr.d prices on this size
are advancing, sornr holders asking o\ic firm.
Few good o'^s were offering Saturday at 5 1 *'".
"Raisins are dull, but holdere show no evi
dences of weakness. A little trade is doin* in
unpeeled peaches and fair trade is noted In
figs. Currants are about steady, but demand
is very light. Apples are dull."
FRUITS— Apr'.cMs. o«7c for Royals and SV4«J
lOo for Monrparka; Evaporated Apples. 4gsi,c;
sun-dried. 1«±iB2%c: Peach-s. 3B34c for stand
ard iftVic for choice and 5<S6c for fancy;
Pea're 2#7c: Plums, pitted. 455c, unpitted. io
Ittc: Nectarines. 5®V.*c for red and SU-gGc for
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 3O-4Cs. 7c •
40-oOs 6V*c: 60-6*8. 4 l jc: 60-709, 3*ic; 70-SOs. 3*ic;
S0-90j>. Z\?: 90-100*. 2Uc; 100-1209, IVic: rubles.
Uc premium; Sonomas, He and San Joaquins
less than Santa Claras, except 1C0 and over,
which stand the same
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, lie per 1b; choice, lie;
standard. lCc; prime, Sc; unbleached Thomp
sons So per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10^c per
lb- choice. 9',ic: standard. 8%c: prime. Sc;- un
bleacbed Sultanas. 8c: Seedless. 60-Ib boxes.
CV>c; 4-crowr., 7c; 3-crown, 6V&c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, ;-orown. 5c: 3-crown, 5'ic. and
4-crown, 5V4c: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy, 1«
ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. 5Uc; choice, 16-ounce, S^ie:
l'-ounce. 6Vic: London Layers. 2-crown. $t iO
per box: 3-crown. $1 «•: Fancy Clusters. J3; De
hesa J2cO; Imperial. ?3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping P^irt* in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. SSWc per lb f<jr Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. 2, 7**c: No.
1 hardshell. 9V»c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12t?13c
for papersheil. 8tf?llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5^
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c;
Pecans llif?13c: Cocoanuts. {3 5035.
HONEY— Comb. 13»4®14c for bright and 12'44$
13c for light amber: water white extracted.
7*:c: light amber extracted. «<4@7c; dark. 6®
(\c per lb.
BEESWAX-24SCSc per lb.
Provisions.
May. Es ll%d; July, 6s ll%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm,
3s 9*4d; dd old steady, 3s lUid. Futures, steady.
March, Ss 9%d; May, 3s 9\i«i; July, 3s 3«,id.
London Wool Ma rket.
LONDON, March 9.— Holders of wool were
firm In their demands during the week. Buy
ers are awaiting the opening of the next
series of sales on Tuesday, March 12, when it
Is expected that crossbreds will show a loss.
The sale Is scheduled to close April 1. The
offerings for next week, amount to 63,500 bales.
79%c: May. 79%#80 l-16c, closed 79Me; July 7»%
@79%c, closed 79&C.
HOPS— Steady; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 18©
19c; 1819. 11® 15o : old olds. 2@6c.
HIDES— Steady; California. 21 to 25 pounds.
We.
WOOlr— Dnll; domestic fleece, 23326c; Texas,
15$?17e. • •
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet, with prices 5
to 10 points net lower. Total sales reached
10,250 haRa, including: March, 6.05c; May, 6.15c:
July, 6.20c.; August, «.S0c; September, 6.25c; Oc
tober, 6.30c; December, 6.40c. Spot coffee— Rio,
quiet: mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw. weak: fair refining, 8V4c: cen
trifugal, 96 teat, 4c; molasses sugar, 314c; re
flned, weak and lower; standard A, 5.10c; con
fectioners' A, 6.10c; mold A. 5.60c; cut loaf.
B.75c; crushed, 6.75c; , powdered, 5.30c; granu
lated^.!^; cubes, 5.50c.
BUTTER — Receipts, 2300 packages. Firm:
fresh creamery. 174f!2c; Jun« creamery, 15@20c;
factory. lli@15c.
EGOS— Receipts, 4100 packages. Easy; West
ern at mark, UMc.
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apples ruled dull
but about steady at unchanged prices. State
common. Z%@A%c; prime, 4&3fc; choice, b%9
6c; fancy, 6i§7c-
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inally unchanged at 3*4(5 SUc * per pound for
prunes, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8U
@15c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 11014c; unpeeled, 638c.
Imports and Exports of Specie. '
NEW YORK. March 9.— The Imports of spe
cie this week were (42.820 gold and $4S,811 sliver,
i The exports of gold and silver from this port
1 to all countries for the last week aggregate
; fl.234,050 stiver bars and coin and $17,180 gold.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
31
March, 1S01.
S. I M. ! T. (W.| T. |^F. | ( S. I Moon's Phases.
| ! . { ( 1 ! c\ Full Mooa.
H> 1 — \£/ March 4.
J 4 5 6 7 S »
,- ! 7TT iT La** Quarter.
10 JL JiJiLiii. iL(ii "• March 13 -
H I IS ~l»[ JO { 21 ( 23 ( » g^ New Moon.
I 1—1 ! ; W March ,20.
1 ! > 1 -a First Quarter.
*M H- 1 I I * March 28. .
AUCTION SALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
SIT MARKET ST.. opposite Battery.
TUESDAY, at 10 o'clock a. ra.. March 12. 13C1.
At salesrooms, 517 Market st.
$25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS. ETC.
By oroer of headrpjarters the following Got-
ernment property tllr»ct from the Presidio:
30<y> Tents; 2n.^> Duck Wa*on Covers. Flys, etc.;
5° sets Double and Single Harrw-s and Leads;
Camp Tcoh; 3 Government Mules: 3 Army
Wagons, etc.
AMERICAN AVCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
XOTE— All this fntaxe Is nearly new. har-
lnjr been used but a short time en the military
reservation of San Francisco. Goods will ba
on inspection with catalogue on sale. Friday.
March 8. l?01.
C. E. r>ATI3. Auctioneer.ALICE NIELSEN. WHO HAS
HER OWN IDEAS ABOUT OP
ERA MANAGEMENT.
UPON* the close of the present the
atrical season Alice Xielsen Is to
"paddle her own canoe." A dif
ference of opinion as to the man
ner In which a theatrical star
FhouM perform has led to the severance
of the business relations existing between
ihe finger and the backer of the company
la which *=he starred.
Thomas 11. Williams Jr., whose money
Mr. Williams did not care to discuss any
further the question of the proposed
change.
Alice Nielsen was here last December
v/itn an all-star aggregation and occupied
the boards at the Columbia for two weeks
She made a decided hit with her produc
tions of the "Fortune Teller" and tho
"Singing: Girl." It is said that Miss Xiel
sen will go to London with her troupe.
Miss Nielsen s views are so at variance
with those of Mr. Perley and myself that
we have determined to sever our business
connection at the end of the present sea
son. A mutual agreement was reached
last December when the oppra company
was here. Mr. Perley and I are ln tho '
theatrical business and Intend to continue
as before." i
first enabled the opera Blngrer to engage
ln the theatrical venture which has netted
her a world-wide reputation, and Frank
L. Perley. her business manager, have
Ideas of their own concerning the man
agement of a theatrical venture; and so
has Miss Nielsen. The ideas of the man
ager and the backer and those of the
singer did not Jibe, and the result is that
at the close of the present season the fair
Alice will star under other than her pres
ent managers.
Mr. "Williams was seen yesterday, and
ln answer to questions concerning the ru
mored change said:
Boys' Concert Company.
I/- Blatchford Kavano ph & - Roney's Bo^ffj
Concertv Company . will ¦ grlve i an enteryfin
ment 'in this city at Association ; A/dUdiJ
rium, Mason and Ellis streets, neaT Frb
:^f_ L TER^HAYES > ARRESTED BY REV
ENUE Hayes or .Walter
Hayes & Co. of 838 Market street wan arrested
?.«?? 5?-;. by Internal Revenue Col
q. . T^ alker. for faillnsr to pay the . Unltsd
ball nS * ** a broker * Ho wa« released
The Shoe Trust Sale, 717 Market street,
will sell this week ladles', arid men's $3.50
shoes for $1.85 a pair. These shoes nre
guaranteed to wear. In regard to style,
come pound and look for yourself. They
f r S ? tv L lsn . made of the' very best ma
terial by the leading manufacturers.
ts\ erybotly is welcome to a pair of either
ladies pr mon's 53.50 shoes, vici kid, tan
or -black for Ji. 85 a pair, at the Shoe
Trust Sale of the Bee , Hive Shoe • Com
pany, d7 Market street, near Third. •
Money Saving.
Thcmfs from "II Barbler* Rnsstnl
Overture. "Die Irrfohrt urns Gluck" '" SiV»nA
-The Holy city .... .:. .......... .-;" . ;;; ;;
Solo for /Barytone .-by ,T\'."H. Colverd .
;;Reren«der ...,.......;...;.......... (MoBk o Wkt
"Suite Aboriginal"..... ....\. ...... .t). -Wheelook
<a) ••Mornlnc on the Plains." (bi "In
dian Sonjr." (C) "Iiover'a « Sons " (d)
"Dance of tnc Red Men," (e) "Prepara
tion Danre.' 1 -
March, "Hunky Dory" ,\ nolzman
The Golden Onto Park -'Hand* will "render
tho followlnfr propraxnme to-day, at tho
park; commenclngc at 2 p. rn.': ¦.".''' j^
Overture, "Festlvar 1 Ti»utnpr
Reverie, "Sur le I-ac". .bVn"nlrk ;
Selection. "The Slngln* Girl" HeVlirt '
Park Music.
? vT e a . ct und <>r which the new order of
ii ? s . is P rov ided reads as follows; "In
all cities (of the first class) and cities and
counties of this State where a regular po
lice department is maintained patrol cap
tains, lieutenants, sergeants and regular
otiicers shall be required to serve on duty
not longer than eight hours in every
twenty-four hours; provided, that in case
*r *v? or , otner emergency every attache
i 2 J ;ollce department shall perform
such duty and for such time as the direct
ing authority of the department shall. re-
The bill Introduced Into the Assembly
by Henry limiting: the time of daily serv
ice of members of the Police Department
to eight hours and which* received the
Governor's signature Friday, will necessi
tate an increase to the forco at once, as
the bill provides that tho law shall take
effect immediately.
Attempts have been made ln the past to
have the force Increased to the number
provided by law in accordance with tho
population, but without result, as the
Boards of Supervisors always pleaded
economy. The effect has been that men
have had to work overtime, and even then
the city was not patrolled as it should be,
the outlying districts being the sufferers.
ln speaking of the new law Chief Sulli
van said yesterday that he roughly esti
mated it would take about 200 additional
men to meet the requirements. He said:
i nave no power to increase the force,
as that duty devolves upon the Board of
faupervisors, which has to supply the
runcis. The board refuses to do anything,
as there are no funds, so I do not know
wnat is to be done. Putting on the addi
tional men would increase the payroll by
over J2U0.O0O per annum."
There are at present 200 men on each
?. 1 . .' and ll would -require at least 173
additional men for another watch of eight
nours, besides more sergeants and lieu
tenants. The patrolmen receive $100 per
month, sergeanis $125 per month and lieu
tenants $140 per month, so that the in
creased expenditure can readily be estl-
The purpose of that opinion on its very face
is to monopolize as large a portloruof that sur
plus ns possible for street Improvements, re
garrtWs of the clalm3 of crtditors. The -valid j
claims amount to about $30O,d0O. while th» ?ur- '
plus will not pxooed |2M.0tn». I make the pre- |
diction that less than $100,000 will be distributed '
among the creditor* at the end of the fiscal I
year. The schoolteachers will net a portion of
that, and they probably will never be paid the
balance.
If the Supervisor* would ccnal.ier thew claims ¦
now and approve all thnt they believe are Kevi
uimv and honest, and then permit aHalgnmein ,
to one or more parties for the purpose of tuk-
Ing Judgment, the Supervisors waiving appeal, i
such demands would have a direct claim on th« ;
surplus fund under* the charter provisions. If
this is not done. I repeat, no man can tell when
th*y will be nnld.
I can see nothing In the constitutional amend
ment that requires the puyment of interest on
the c!ty"s old Indebtedness. There in nothing '
mandatory about any purt t>f it. nothing to :
prevent the Supervisors from settling the i
claims on a percentage even, e >
If Lane's opinion la a.lheiv.1 to It seemn to me '
that the city has no Intention of paying Us f
debts; that It m«y p«y a portion of whnt it i
owe*.- but neither the schoolteachers nor other* ¦
who have •waited for jeuri» will be settleil with f
in full. . - . , . i, . I-
Auditor Wells Is of the odnJon that
should the most recent opinion of City
Attorney Lane in regard to the paymenc
of the city's old indebtedness be followed
it will be tantamount to a repudiation by
the city of the back claims, the payment
of which is made possible by the adoption
of the constitutional amendment. In h!3
opinion Lar.e holds that the claims neod
not be put in Judgment and that the in
terest thereon- must be paid at the race
of 5 per cent per annum from the time
the liabilities were Incurred. The Auditor
takes issue with I^ne. He unbosomed
himself yesterday. in the. following signeJ
statement:
Following Lane's Opinion
Would Be Repudiation,
Auditor Says.
CITY MAY EVADE
ITS JUST DEBTS
The servant then became possessed of
the idea that Mr. Tilden had become sud
denly Insane, and locked him up in the
room. Naturally enough. Mr. Tilden be
came excited at receiving such treatment
and commenced hammering on the door
to have It opened. The servant thereupon
became greatly «vscited and rang in an
alarm for the police. They soon arrived
with an ambulance and Mr. Tilden was
taken to the Receiving Hospital. He was
greatly excited and incensed over the ill
treatment received, but being a mute was
unable to explain himself. He was given
a quieting potion and after a few hours'
sleep was as' well as ever."
Drs. Bradley and Webster, who made
an examination into the matter, yesterday
morning ordered Mr. Tilden discharged,
and. accompanied by his wife and several
friends, he returned to his home. There
h • h d chanf?e ln the hel P In the Tilden
Eligible Building Inspectors.
The Clvi! Service Board announced the
following list of eligible building inspec-
J2S!.t o . rn ? e i. Boa / d T°- f Publlc Wor ks yes
terday: TT John P. Horgan. 9&. per cent-
Jor^ d \?;" F- 7 ? 1 Patrlck^Fltslm
mons. 85.75- and Michael A. Clarke 75 25
»r£ O i rgra 2- Jo , rdan a nd Fltzslmtnons - are
employed as Inspectors at present 1
"All this unpleasant and unnecessary
notorietjMs due to the misapprehension of
a servant employed ln Mr. Tilden's home,"
said A. H. Brown, a half-brother of the
sculptor, yesterday. "Mr. Tilden was with
his class at the Art Institute Friday, and
when he left he felt tired and weak. He
went to a drugstore and procured a stim
ulant, as he had an engagement to meet
some friends at dinner in the evening. He
kept his engagement and left for Oak
land on the 10 o'clock boat, accompanied
by Theodore H. Grady, an attorney and
personal friend. When he reached home
he discovered that he had forgotten his
latch key. Not caring to wake the family
by ringing the doorbell, he gently forced
open a window and ir. that way gained en
trance to the house. The servant, who
had been employed in the house only a
few days, met him In the hallway. He
thought that Mr. Tilden was acting In a
peculiar manner, and went with him to
his room.
. Douglas Tilden, the well-known sculp
tor, who was taken to the Oakland Re
ceiving Hospital Friday night to be held
pending an examination before the Com
missioners of Insanity, was discharged
yesterday and returned to his home at
1545 Webster street, Oakland. Mr. Tilden
has fully recovered his mental faculties,
and on Tuesday next will resume his du
ties as instructor of modeling at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. The aberration
was only temporary, and when Tilden
awoke yesterday morning he was greatly
surprised to learn that his sanity had
been questioned.
Douglas Tilden Pronounced
Sane by the Lunacy
Commissioners.
SCULPTOR'S LOST
REASON RETURNS
day evening:. The feature oi the pro
g-rarome will be the slnginsr of BlatcMord
Kavanaph, a noted barj'tone. who former
ly resided In this city, tnher members
of the troupe are Henry B. Roney. eon
cert organist: Master Jamie Crippen.
mezzo soprano; harry CocfereU, boy so-
praao; Harold Manrer and Tracr Hal
brook.
DR. SCHUL.TZ TO LECTURE.— Dr. H. J.
B. Scbultz will lectnr« ln the Academy o< 8d
«neea Hall to-n!?ht at » o'clock. Bubjsct. "X
Kevotatloa la Dlsculac."
Henry's Eight-Hour -Service
BUI Has Gone Into
MORE POLICEMEN
ARE NECESSARY
ALICE NIELSEN WILL
HAVE A NEW BACKER
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and the Singer
Will Sever Business Relations at
the End of the Present Season
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 10, 1901.
32
| PREVAIL AT THE %
§ •
1 ®
2 ' S
© I230-I232-I234 MARKET STREET. S
g S
g 1200 Strictly Tailored Suits will be §
g offered at WHOLESALE PRICES, |
o thus making competition an IMPOS- §
| SIBILITY. We imoort our cloth S
§ direct from the mills, employ one of |
S the best expert designers, and finish and ©
| fit our garments in a superior way. 2
I — - I
I $7.00. $17.50. I
2 GRAY CAMEL'S HAIR ETON STYLISH BLOUSE SUITS In 5
g SUITS," with Peau <ie Soie Re black, nav^^nd tan ?VilJunS S
O veres, new style, perfect hansrmcr throughout, reliable material, a O
g skirt, good. hninc; honest value swell Rsrmcnt; real value S^.sa 9
S kmM "SS^ $7.00 FrtS."^ $17.50 I
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . - - ......
® • ., ' NEWEST STYLE TRIMMED S>
©' tX\ A t\ t\f\ SKIRTS from O
% f : 84.50 to SI7.5O. §
§ J NEW ETON BOLERO SUITS. NEW AUTO BOX COATS silk S
O : JACKET AND SKIRT, neatly lined. 8
9 trimmed, silk lined iacket and urO etf\ 4-^. c as r\^. a
O ¦~-xr]]r- :: -ljTf _^" ; positive OO.OU TO C -iO.t$O. g
|r^^©3^jM Hhn TAFFETA ETON JACKETS. |
K^^^"-^^^W- : $12 ' 50 to S25.OO. §
g&Je'a. '-' 1 r ' : Safe**. | ' Hale'a. ¦ | HAle'a. I Hale'a.
i^|5i 1O^ 5O.1© flO'W'* f^^^k^^i^, ~ \ /^tl-'^ I
only too glad to give us in a lump at nearly actual cost, rather than dribble it >^ MZP 3&&£r^^ I > WM^
your chor^fn 1^" ° f * mUU ° n 4?UZTS ° n r ° Und mes) ™ eathcred - for I S /^'^^^M^^W^^^^^^^-^^^^^^aM^I !
.Next Thursday, Friday and Sat-* Child's StOCklH^S 8C. M V
urday, March 14, is and 16. occu-s As good as you cv;r bought " f \ f*xM Wffi Srl^' \lsK%3%&ffl I — ~P — *
style-display' of great importance. Rauj?e, close ribbed, splendid weiKht, . y r ' " '¦** ---—™.TVr * l^*~ ' ' ~" v - [/*" i^f
•J— — — ¦!¦ full length and elastic — sizes 5 to qV$.
OUT new hatS spring -.&? 2£?S 5SS5: SS KS Embroideries. Sheets and pillow cases. Ribbons.
. . • K and elastic; sizes %hu to 10 9c > « f -
sHH-HB ;S r I^gZ; ; Three- big bargain subjects
j viv.oi.jr, a. iciiiic Another maker wants the btcr trade of . -'¦ ¦ ....
ment to them that's quite Haie's California stores. He saw a Fittingly treated by Hale s this week.
fetching; ' chance to increase his output— without
_ ?' increasing his risk. "Why." says he. **! Three powerful demonstrations of what we can do and what this sprinsr sals means. The most radical aad rn
Taste in selection Is a point in which could afford to drop ten smaller cus- gular offers we ever made. -.
we claim precedence. tomers for you, giving you bette- , v j *f fl ;*' •• -'V- v
ISIiPfeiiiS i4»soo yards ribbon at sharp savings.
k^TJi thom^'K, were not oritinaio. Women Btripei. with loose Fh^rt "blouse iron™, »™t T Not a yard that's morcvthan three months old. not a common style, not a bad shade, not an imperfect wmt#
tor !Se fe of on" fre8h hat8 '"^ turn<lown co!Iltr - No ' not a blt of this or a snat . ch of tlut - h^ enough of everything for everybody. Finest, prettiest ribbons we coSd
Maybe you want a waikine hat-ma>be you . t»3 ER STRIKIXG EXAMPL^ T «, T get are yours now at lesser prices than usual.
want the nobbiest and Bmartest. then see this A LAWN WATRT. IVSEHTIOT7 __ . _„, „ .
fine bla: n-sortment that came In last week FSONT. 5Oc-Klshop sleeves. Ehort 2Hc yard-Pillow ribbons, ombre effects PRINTED WARP RIBBON'S. ISe. 35e OTITEP. FA.VCT RIBBONS at 15e_ is.
So Important we gave It a place by ltaelfon blouse front. «oft collar; all sizes 32 to 44. In four ehades of violet, old ro»-. green. " ' *^' s « is >«. 18c
ground lloor. J WR.CATP TTTATQT*; T^-Plaln colors yellow, cardinal, pink, light blue and an<1 «« h»*n »» 7.,e-Patteree4 m the «r.a 3Oc— Tes. an4 as hisa a« 73ou A »««.
I able IlfleriS 3 bcllo; a1 ' Slzes a tO "¦ • co^l^^ao^\^TncL^^UW • O» r «, b^ysnj make, the*, ln.We Poer «tal!ty : «U n.w. eurto. « sr^tta^.
The auctitie, cr S true. , Ghi'd'S 20C VCStS IOC. Jards come ' to "^ for thls »^«_ ««
GooTZ 9 '; Sh t arp -" aL , ,. " Medium weight, Egyptian ribbed cot- Demonztratlon I of this spr/ng safe.
l^^^^^^^lli -150,000 yards embr6»deries==half price.
prices— not a bit of newness, quality or FLKECE-TJ-WF.T) VESTS lSc-m Jer- Ths m n m a" clears up his surp'us at one stroke. j
Every yard as perfect and fresh as it can be. \
,r^> This collarless eton ™«Snffi^ffi^^,r ess we ' ;e had such *«*<***<* - 1 —
&Sk^ i^Lr^f c«f Sf «--,«- / Lot I -~~ 2 1 * 2 ° YARD — Regular 5c to yc values— up to 3 inches wide,
jaCltet SUU Lot II.— 5° YARD— Regular 7c to 12 i-2c values— up to 4 inches wide.
\lLf O ur new suits are attracting much attention. Lot III. — 9 C ' YARD — Regular 12 i-2c to 16 2-30 values — up to 8 inches wide.
Jf%kr^ There's a touch to them, a tone, about them, Lot IV.— 13° YARD— Regular 16 2-3C to 25c values— up to 12 inche* wide.
/WiT v \ P-P?Z °T'a K <° T™ n W l ntS tO buy a Lot ' V — 1 8 ° YARD — Regular 25c to 30c values— up to 10 inches wide
Ml \ \ dress that hundreds of others may be apt to get, T . -,r T oocVADn r. 1 J up 10 iu incnes wiac.
/(flf \\ toa That ' s why ours are VI.—^J^ YARD— Regular 35c to 40c values— widths up to 10 inches.
y^/V&IL J ' t)^^ eren t from all Others. Demonstration II of this spring safe.
IllliiSliSiii'p 27,600 Sheets, Pillowcases, undervalue
ryC)J Ii sklrt doesn't flare enough, and so on. Our years ago in muslin was to Ket your confidence. Quality, then, not quantity. Ai you began letting us have more and
N_f W-~. ' /A c!oak man won ' t tolerate stereotyped stock pat- mOrc of yOUr mone >'» we betran Kivinp: you more and more for it.
J/^*Sl\ W/il tcrns ' Aftcr he u as decidcd about thc st - vle hc Thes? pillow cases 10c each. These sheets now 44c.
vi.sSSh* / ' I Wa " tS lle Say3: " Now » 1>ve S1X stor CS to SUp- «x3S Inches hemmed quality which gotten ln the ordinary way Fifty-cent ralues-Sl lncb-« wide » laches l cn - Jsv^s a m
JlP^I / /A ply; make the price low enough, you can have ' C ° UW 03 *™* b * "QW »t thi» price-5«oo of them f 9 r the saie. a « .11 we could «"t f to* £1 tt Si. ,hSw ° "" uab - eache<s - l53
"^^A\»\/>r ' /H the order." That's how we beat everybody else These pillow Cases 1 4c each. j. . 7 I
y^V I ln StylCS and plicCS> • Mx3S lnchM - th^ are worth "c- considered then, the b*.t SneetS ttOW 42C.
/ // \ New kind hemstitched pillow cases D II cl , I
/ / ) ' At less than you pay for tne of, kin,. BeSt WaiHSUtta Sheets
V J--S " ere S ° tailored SUlt, $7.5O. ISc for ca.^es worth I8c each Going at about mi// cost >
x -» M Wade from homospuns-black and light rav 20c for cases worth 25c each Ther *"* a11 fc>aclse<1 an<1 n5 » de "ized— »ii w ya-is long.
"°"'" e^"" od rcefcr Jacket - " ned "¦'"¦ w^3K^ks»£ ss § SUH SI mii s sa: as
#<Jl ffflfr /£&/ *W/ fmniiof Qafr What .American doesn't like croquet? Now Js the time • • , I
vG&sjGslL^ggf/ M*/ • (Bi vlJUCl t0 play> The season for outdoor sports, as you know. -^gjf fj£f/SB&?
•*^Om~J!BJX!2B&^ A aSe?1 . 69 _ S s bans and mallet-, stalce, and wicket, tJ^^^f^^ GOOD&P^^
I Friedman's Furniture |
I With the Flowers 1
| and Springtime . I
§ Our new designs in furniture, rare colors and pat- |
I terns in carpets, rich and novel effects in lace cur- I
I tains arc ready for your inspection; your pleasure. |
I 9 *"> Metal Beds |
r L^^^-irSbfillllllTll rom a P* a * n » tnou gh a I
P W%$M$P;/~~~f} strong good one for 1.50 I
h i \\ * 9- - * * :^^^&^L'i to brass, bronze and nic- |
1 <!£ m ii rf llTill^C kel creations of art e and I
*^^^^^^^^^gr elegance worth $185.60 I
jjj "" "" Sm^*~'^^ a * r^ *" In The Greatest Variety H
8 Dining Tables n^>_.. ¦¦ H
I to seat and satisfy ten for 1
S carved golden and Flem- !• if II i
p| That would satisfy Royalty '^^^"^^J^^ S
I Couch /¦ ¦¦¦ Couch I
| Saracen, Boukara, Bagdad I
| and other Oriental patterns in the new Portieres I
1 just opened. Nice ones as low as $2.75 a pair. §
| The Newest Lace Curtains 1
I The completest in designs, quantity and range of I
j| price. Good ones for $1.25. Some up to $125.00. I
I The Carpets You Want I
tj arc carpe'ts that wear well and look well. Just the I
i idea we had in selecting our immense new stock. 9
S " T I E . C K, H B TJ E "' g *w°.=y..*. ij««^« I
p -ST&S M. FRIEDMAN & CO. 1
P* ( Incorporated > B